DEATHS. On the 6th Int., Mr. Jobht Wyatt Thompton. of 135 Strand, in the 37thyesrof his ge. On the 7th inst. at sewrlez Yorbkhire. aged.89. Suannas the widow of Rtotet Stepbenson. FAq., deeply lamented by her attached children and a lage circle oC friends Onthe 7th it, at Dor' gSrrery,n the 22dyearof hisage, John Thomas, the semid son of JT. asq., of T1lburyFort. On `riday lst, the 7th inst.. in the 221 year of her e tharine Anne Mlorton. niece and adopted daughter of R PayneBest F.. of Stonebhae, GlooeeerzhIre_ and ganddaughter of the la Thome GardSer, Faq., of the Abernant Iron Works, Glamorganshire. On the 7th inst., at the residence of her son-iu-law, Besll-street, Brixtotn, Mr. Mary Stevenc relict of the late Willam Stevens, Esq., of Lov;hton, Essex, in the 96th year of herage. On ti.e Sth Innst, at the residence of her son, Stoney-gate, near X.iceiAt, Mr. Hiunt, In the 67th sear of her age. On the h inst.. at Sutbxagon, deeply lamented. Iabella, wife of Captain John D:jaae, 42d Sa g I ers, now servingin the On the th nst., a, Doyer, John Lukis, Fsq. late of the 3d Bufs, aged 63. On the 9th inst., at St. Nary Abbott's-terrace. Kensington, Benjammn Lroadhridge, Esq., architect, in the 75th yearof his age. On tha9thinst., atME-hill, Hlendon, CaptainJohn Innes, H.rl O S who cormmanded succemively the Comspany'sships the Fort Williarn and theAbercrombieRob;ison. On the evening of the 10th inst.. At 7. St Jarnes's-ternace, Kentishtown. Carlette Mary, youngest daughterof Mr. John George Casaigne, aged 7 yeazs ad 2 months. On tha 10th inst., at the Vi6rsge, Tarkdenn, Glocestershire, Harriet Georgina, aged six yearS daughter of the Rev. Frederici Biscoe. On 'ha 10th ins'., at Aahburnham-rove. Greenwich, CarolineAmelia, second daughter of the late John Geere Jones, Eaq. Onthallthinst., at Halar Hospital, James Stuart, Staff Surgeon, late of the Ceylon Rifle Reegiment. On the 11th inst., at 17, Peters-hill, Doctor-commrnons. Edfith hary, aged nire weeks, the infant daughter of MIr. Henry Webb. OnTue3day, thel1th int. atBroolicll Iall, near AlIreton, Derbyshire, D'Zwes Coke, Faq., aged 82. On the 11th inst., at Bromipton, in the 37th year of her age, Susan Ell onliy d4nghterof the late Joseph Dockerill, Esq., of Fenchurchstreet. On the 11th Inst., at Bronmpton,-ot conanition, louisa. youngest daughter of the late Sir Lachln Xaclean, M.D., of Sudbury, 8uffolk On the 1lth inst., s_sd.81, Sarah, the sister of Mr. 3Xeggenso, of Canuowastreet, London. On tha 11th inst., at Tardebieg, near Bronsgrove, Worcettershire Mr. Thomas Dixon, in the 77th year of his age. On the 11th in. at the Deanery, Carlisle, ag 1 year and 7months,. Susan Izabeth ^ampbell, fourth surviving daughter of the Very Rev. Archibald Cmpbell Tait, Dan of Carlisle. She diedwithin a week of hereldersister. On the 12th tt., at 3rood-green House, Cr*ydon, MAry, wife of JohrnDEIOr,EAq On the 12th int, the inft daughter of W. Longboiine, leq. of lackAore, Einex
THE B1OYAL LITPBARY FUND. Y-esterday the annual general meeting of the ('orpoSitce of the Royal Literary Fund, established in 1790, the - object of which is to adninister assistance to suthors of genius and leaning, who may be reduced to distress by un-. avoidable calamities, or deprived, by enfeebled faculties or declining life, of the power of literary exertion, was held at the house of the society, Great Russell-street, Bloomsbury, Mr. B. B. Cabbell, M.P., in the chair. There was an unusually large attendance of members, including, among many others, the Rev. Dr. Whewell, Master of Trinity CoUege, Cambridge; Dr. Croly, Mr. Charles Dickens, Mr. John Forster, Mr. C. W. Dilke, Mr. Albert Smitk, the Rev. Thomas Hartwell Home, Mr. Robert Bell, Mfr. Mf. Milnes, 1LP., Mr. Oliveira, M.P., Mr. B. Webster, Mr. Mark Lemon, Mr.. Ciharles Baldwin, Mfr. -W. B. Procter, Dr. Forbes Winslow, Mr. Tooke, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Webster, Q.C., the Rev. W. Cureton, and the Rev. J. Hampton Gurney. Mr. W. Toorx, one of the treasurers, read the cash account of the fund, which stated that the receipts during 1855, including a balance in hand at the beginning of the yearof 1781. 3s. 2d., amounted to 2,583=. 4s. lOd., and the disbursements to 2,3881. 16s. 6d., leaving a balance in hand ,f 194!. 8s. 4d. Of the 2,388 16s. 8d., 1,665U. bad been exEended in 53 grants of relief Mr. C. W. DTTLa rose to move, pursant to notice,- " That, whereas during the 11 years from 1844 to 1854, both inclusive, the cost of assisting 477 applicants to the Literaxy Fund amounted to 5,6011.13s. 7d. (exclusive of collector's poundage, advertisements, and expenses attend. ing the anniversary dinner3; and whereas the cost of assist ing 624 applicants to the Artists' General Benevolent Fund. within the same 11 years amounted to 9941. 4s. lOd. (also exclusive of collector's poundage, advertisements, and expenses attending the anniversary dinner); this meeting is of opinion that the expenses of managing the Literary Fund are unreasonable, and that a great change must be made in the adminiAration of its affairs." Adverting to the circumstance that a similar resolution was proposed atthe last general meeting and left- in a minority of tour, he said he had hoped that the general committee would have taken the subject into consideration, and deferred to the judgment of the meeting so expressed on that occasion. They had not done so, and it became his duty again to bring the sabject under the consideration of the members generally. He hoped that the members of the general commit-tee, whose conduct was called in question, would exercise a little delicacy and refran from voting on thisoccasion. (A laugh.) Absurd as the charter was in many respects by which the society rwas incorporated, it never could have been meant that the managing committee should meet for the purpose of approving their own conduct. (Hear, hear.) The last pubEshed accounts of the Literary Fund and the Artists' General Benevolent Institution exhibited the Literary Fund in the same disadvantageous light as compared with the other, in reference to the cost of management and the money expended in the relief of applicants, as that in which it stood at the last general meeting. He bad only to add another year-to the statistics he produced on that occasion. In that year 48 applicants were relieved by the Literary Fund, at a cost of 3891. 17s. 7d. for salaries, rooms, &c. - and 65 by the Artists' General Benevolent Institution, at a cost of 571. 3s. (Hear, hear.) The charges for printing, stationery, and miscellaneous expenses in the same year amounted 'in the Literary Fund to 1171. 15s. Ild., and in the Atists to 321. 4s. 9d. In other words, the cost of management in the case of the Literary Fund, for relieving 48 applicants, was 5071. 13s. 6d. ; and in that of the Artists, for relieving 65 applicants, only 891. 7s. 9d. (Hear, hear.) He could add nothing more to those facts; and if they did not of themselves carry conviction to the mind of every man nothing that he could say could produce that result. He concluded by moving the resolution given above. xr; W. B. PPxocrx ("Barry CornwaUl") seconded the motion. Mr. R. Bai=, a member of the general committee, said that the proposition of Mr. Dilke, that the members of the committee should refrain from voting on this occasion, had at least the merit of novelty; but it was rather more strange than just, and he was not awaare that any precedent existed for such a course. (Hear, hear.) Even assuming there was a difference of opinion between the committee and the gentlemen from whom the resolution emanated, that would. surely not justify Mr. Dilke in calling on the members of the committee to disfranchise themselves in this corporation. (Hear, hear.) There was a misapprehension pervadirg thewholeof this opposition. Itwas assumed that the comnmittee alone were responsible for the expenditure of the fund, but that was not so. He felt that he had some claim to address them as a hard-working literary man, and no one among them would venture to deny that he felt the deepest sympathy with the interests of- the class to wnich he belonged. He had not the least intention to obstruct either the discussion or the reception of the resolution. His sole intention was rather by laying some details before them to show more accurately-the purpose of -that resolution, and to enable them to arrive at a sound conclusion upon it. He submitted that the real question was whether the expenses of the Literary Fund were really ercessive in reference to the work done and the object attained. (Hear.) It was stated that from 1844 to 1854 the cost of assisting 477 applicants to the LiteraryFund amounted to 5,6011. 13s. 7d., exclusive of collector's poundage, advertisements,andexpensesattending the anniversary dinner, whereasthe cost of assisting 624 applicants to the Artists' Fund in the same periodwas I9.4 4s. 10d., also exclusive of collector's poundage and so forth. Those facts were not to be disputed, but there was an essential difference between the two funds, which had not been stated, in the circumstances of each and in their mode of aldung grants. (Hear.) There was little or no necessity to inquire as to the ppcantso te Artists' Fund, because artists were generally well known but that was not the case with the Literary Fund, inasmuch| as literary men, whom it sought to relieve when in distress, did not form a distinct class easily recognizable like artists. The claims of applicants to the Literary Fund required to be carefully and delicately investigated, but after the com. mittee had satisfied themselves that the applicants were proper persons to be relieved, they did not stop there. They were not content with giving an applicant a donation, but they endeavoured to see how that donation might be distributed, so as to promote the largest amount -of good; and they did so with a tenderness and care for his feelings which certainly could not exist in an institution where no inquiry at all took place. (Hear.) 3Mr. Bell proceeded to show that the assisting of 477 applicants to the Literary Fund from 1844 to 185 inclusive did not represent the amount of business which had b'een transacted by the executive committee in that interval, and that they had, in point of fact, in those 11 years investi. gated azd decided 688 applications. He also instanced among others, the Societyof Friends of Foreigners in Dis tress, with an income of 1,970Z., spending 3571. in salaries gratuities, and rent; the National Lifebeat Society, with an income of 1,4301., spending in management 329l.* the Naval and Military Bible Society, with an income of 1,8731., spending in management 4401.; the Marine Society, with an income of 1,1911.; spending 650. - the Royal Maternity Society, with an income of 2521., spending 3211. in salaries and commission; and the Salr Hlome, with an income of 525l., spendlin i salaries 590!. He thought it most important that they should strictly understaud in what the expenditure of the Literary Fund consested, which the resolutioncharacterizedas "unreasonable." The expenses to which Mffr. Dilke objected consisted chiefiy of two items-namely, the rent of the house andthe salary of Mr. BieIitt, the secretary. It was idle for any oneto speak in general terms of the extravagance of the committee or the society, when they could at once put their hands on the actual items on which the charge of extravagance was based. The amount of busiess devolving on th committee of the Literary Fund, he contended, was ten times larger than that transacted bythe Artists'Fund He then related in much detail the manner in which the societyfrom its commencementhadremovedaboutfrom place to place in the metropolis, until it became settled in the house it now occupied, and that a house fund, which had been for many years in course of accretion, amounted in 1821 to 6,5411., and was then discontinued as a separate account. He added,thatheverymuch questionedwhether they had any right to divert that sum of money to any other purpose than the one for which it was subscribed. He next proceededto show, at some length, the' pains taken by Mr. Blewitt, the present secretary, from time to time in carrying out the objects of the fund, and the considerations hiuch had induced the society to increase his salary to its present amount; and ae conteaded that if t;here was any excess in the general expenditure of the corporation the executive committee were not in any way responsible for it. Mr. C. DICKEyS said, he would not follow his friend Mr. Bell into the elaborate details with which he had overlaid this simple question. He would merely remark on a few points -in his addieis. He gathered from that address that the committee found themselves in the painful condiiion of- not expending enough -in the administiation of thlsfund, and would speedily apply themselves to the task of expending more. ("No, no 1) In reguad to the house, at was a matter beyond all doubt that the fund subscribed with reference to a house 'was to be applied to a use to which the house in which the c~rtinwa now located had never -yet been applied. Ha,ha. With ret to Mhir. Bels endeavour to oe thertist fro the grudoFaaoywacntdnusiunl cu pie in reference o thisfundby eso f hi eontrm. -reieving the sae rson, he be6ged to sathat Mr. Bell knew Perfectly wel, -as he (Mrz.ickens) lcnew perfectly wel, that itwas the business of this fund, over and over again, to relieve the same person. (Hear, hear. e had in his hand the report for r18D, and he found that, out of 48 cases, 30 were cases which had been relieved from time to time over and over agaim. [r. BzL.-"In every case of a second relief the case is a second tine investigated."] He (Mr. Dickens) could only oppose to that assertion his own experience when he was a member of the committee. He had again and again known persons relieved on their renewed aDplications, withouit further inquiry. (Hear, hear.) As to the requisition that he (Mr. Dickrens) and those with whom he actea should select particular items to which to object, let the corpora- tinn first of all affirm the principle that tlhe expenditure was too large. (Hear, hear.) If the meeting would affirm that principle,, he would wMinely proceed to select the separate iteins for their consideration. In su portiig the resolution before the meeting he hbd scarcey any expectation that it would be caried, and he thought it the strongest point in favour of the resolution that it should not be carried, for it would be impossible to present a more convincing proof of the mismanagenment of thie fund than was nvolved intheincontrovertiblefact statedintheresolutionini reference to the expenditure as compared with that of the Artts'Fund. Hewouldseparatethe questionfromits detafi. It seemed to be regarded -bythe committee as rather a modl sort of thing than otherwise that they should ex- pend 40l. oftohlerpeople's inoneyingivingaway 100. Incase thereshould be any ial-conditioned spirits presentwho might be disposed to ask what the principle wasthat could necessitate that sc.le of expenditure, he would suppl the answer. He went, last June, to that highly genteel lace Wi is's. rooms, to attend a special general meeting of this crpora tion. Allowing for the absence of the youngr and fairer ortion- -of the female sex, he found it 7e much lik l57. in the morning. - (A laugh.) heblw3as opened by nothing, less than a marquis, who 'walked through a pinuet with vey great decorum. (laughter.) After that, a ,'iemberof the House of Commons gracefullytookthe flooramere vo9Lq9nerunfortunately, butagentlemanhigblycon. neciec7 'l' hiin suceee at- c&u '^ ort the son of another distinguished lord andto him a bishop; and the minor church stood up with the stock-exchange and the bar, and so on. (lAaghter.) Now, it was in those thingsit was inbeingstudiouslygenteel, in keeping up afineappearance-it was in the vulgar, common, social vice of holding on to great connexions at any price that the meney of this fund was expended. (Cheers.) He remnembered at a recent annivesary festival of the society a distinguished literary man who occupied the chair saying, towards the small hours, that he felt very much like tha servant in plush who was permittedto sweep the stage when there were no more great people to come on. (A laugh.) Hte (Mr. Dickens) felt like a kind of Rip-Van Winkle reversed, who had gone to sleep backwards, and woke again (a iaugh) to find this Literar Fund surrounded with adjuncts and associations from whic he so earnestly wished to see it emancipated. ThatBloomsbury-house, in which the fund carrieds o its business, was part of the same showv. No man on erztlfSould tell thnat meeting why itwrasnecessaryto have.ahousehin whichto hold a few meetings of the connittee of the Literary Fund'in, the year, 'when no such accommodation was ever necessary foi the ArtisW Fund. As to the officer to whom allusion had been made, he would make bold to say that the assertion that his services were absolutely necessary in making inquiry into the cases of applicants for assistance from the fnd was a preposterous pretence, and that working literary men, managing their own afflikrs, -would have a muLch better knowledge of those affairs than could ever be attained by any committee. (Rear, hear.) He asserted, too, thatthe secrecy to which this society laid claim as one of its greatest attributes was not observed in practice, aud that the names of its most deserving applicants were to numbers of people perfectly well known. The members of tha literary .. un ad got that plain statement of facts as to its expenditure, and they were nowv to decide whether they wrere to consider those charges unreasonable, or whether they considered them justifiable, becoming, and decent. But be begged resqectfuliy and strongly to put it to the members of thisinsttutionthattheymust at the same timedecide what this iaterary Fund was, and what it was not-what it was for and what it was not for. (Hear.) The question arose whether it was really a public corporation for the encouragement and relief of men of genius and learning who might be reduced to distress by unavoidable calamities, or deprived, by enfeebled faculties or declining life, of the power of literary exertion- or whether it was a snug conventional party, bent on folowing its own usages, bent on a vast deal of nnecessary parade, and bent on toadying once in every 12 months a score or two of the members of the aristccracy with the VieW to recruit its finances? That was the question which they would have to decide, and from the decision of which theycould not that day escape. (Cheers.) - Mr. R. BLAcgseonEcontendedthat if the funds of this institution were to be administered solely by literary men its business would be transacted in a hole-and-corner spirit which the public would never tolerate, and that necessitous men of letters, but of sensitive feelings, would be deterred from askingpersons of the same fraternity, amon whom considerable envy existed, for that assistance which they, perhaps, would not hesitate to solicit from others, especially when they knew that it would be admoinistered, if at all, with the most delicate consideration for their feelings. Mr. J. FORSsi said, he and those with whom he acted on this occasion regarded this fund as an institution founded by a working literary man for the support, relief. and benefit, and, he wrould add, for the social elevation of his brother men of letters, and who, though he did not at the outset, see that all he desired was within his immediate reach, yet so shaped his plan that it might readily expand so as to accommodate itself to the necessities of the future. (Hear, hear.) What, he would ask, was the result of all the elaborate statement of Mr. Bell but that the founder of this institationhad objects in view whichhadneverbeen soughtto be carried out at all, and that the very thing which he (Mr. Forster), and those associated with him, had most desired to do was that which the founder of the fund wished to see established, and the very thing which this corporation refused to do last year ? He could conceive nothing so diametrically opposed to the spirit of the founder as that which animated the present executive committee. If they compared the state of literature at the close of the last century, when this fund was established, with shat it was now, and if they also contrasted the number of subscrnbers at that time with what it was at present, they would see that the subscrnbers had not in any inauner kept pace with the increase in the expenditure. The trath was, that this corporation had lost all vitality among the class of men whom it was. founded to relieve; and now it was only by continually carrying round the begging-box, and saying, "Date obolum Bdisario," that the executive committee managed to keep I it alive in its present condition. (Hear, hear.) l Mr. 3L MlNys M.P., said, he'was sure they might come to a conclusion on this matter by looking at the question before them from a simple business point of view, and by excluding all the unhappy personalities with which it seemed to be ried up. As he could have no object in view except a desire to promote the wellbeing of this society, it was with deep regret that he saw attacks of this kind made upon it by men who claimed to be actuated by a wish to see its usefulness increased and extended. It was mndeniable that the attitude of those gentlemen was an antagonistic one, and not that of men who would wish to improve the society, but rather to divert it to some other purpose than that for which it was established, and, if they could not do that, to ruin it altogether. (Hear, hear.) A stranger coming into that room would suppose that M. Dickens and those who acted with him were exzluded from the government of this society; but evcry one of those gentlemen who had assumed the present antagonistic attitude towards this corporation had either been members of the executivc committee, or had had an opportunity of becoming members of it. If Mr. Dickens had chosen to take a leadinr part in the mranagement of the society, he and thosewithwhom he was associated would probably have been able to direct it to their own views and infuse into it some of their own spirit. He (Mr. !dilnes) did not think it well, in a matter of this kind, to draw that clear distinction between what were caled literary men and raen'who were not, which seemed to be the especial desire of Mr. Dickens. In a mixed society like this it vws not desirable for any class, hovrever eminent or distinguished, to stand on its own basis and refuse to receive assistance from others; and he believed that if the executive committee were composed solely of men belonging to- the literry Profession, the society would run the risk of falling into thehnds of a clique who would not administer its fands with a fair amount of judgment and discretion. He could understand cases-in which deserving men of letters in necessitoaus circumstances could never prevail upon themselves to ask relief from a body so constituted, simply because it would be to them a cause of mental agony almost beyond expression to be driven to expose their penury to menwithwhom theymight be daily co-operating in the world of letters. Mr. Dickens and his friends seemed to regard the managing committee of this sodety as so many ghoils fattening on the flesh of literary men. (A laugh.) Forhimself, he (.Mr. Miales) might say that he had long taken a great interest inthis institution, andeertainly, if at any time he had found it deviating in any considerable degree from its object, he should have done what he could to check that departure. As it was, he would be always ready to co-operate with any members of the institution in maling the most of the funds at its disposal. It suited the convenience of Mr. Dickens and his friends on this occasion to sneer at the patronage bestowed on the* society by members of the arnstocracy; but he might be allowed to remind them that the list they propounded last year as the council of the society was composed almost entirely of lords and right honourables. (A laugh.) With respect to the house in which 'the society was located, he woucld put it to Mr. Dickens to say whether, amid the competition of so' many new societieS, it was not an advantage to an institution like this to have "a local habitation and a name?' He complained that Mr. Dickens had made this somewhat of a personal question as it affected the Secretary, Mr. Blewitt. [Mr. DicrEns denied that he had done so.] The questionwas, with regad to Mr. Blewitt, whether, by the eminent services he had rendered the society, he had not earned a special right to receivg from it such a salary as the committee would not give to anew and inexperienced secretary, from whom they could not expectto TeCeiVe a equal amout of assistance. Having regard to the delicacy with which the corporation had hitherto administered its funds, he considered that one great moral element which made it so emiently useful, and he would be loth to see it changed in that respect. Mr. MunnAy, of Aihoemaxle-street, after arew preliminary observations, in which he deprecated the serious effect on the prospects of the society of this opposition, and eciAll]y Of the covert assaults made upon it by Mr. Dsckehs himsel in his periodical pabliiationsfrom tize t4 time, moved the follovnng amendment:-- "That the two items of expenditure which constitute the principal charges on the Literary Fund consist of the rent of the house and the salary of the secretary, and that these charges have been incurred under the recommendation and continued sanction of successive general meetings, and not by the committee; that the importance of a house was always considered indispensable from the earliest period of the existing institution; that a fund called the 'house fund,' amounting to 6,5401., was expressly raised for that purpose by a *separate subscription, which was opened in 1805- that with reference to the zeal and ability with which the duties of the office of secretary have been discharged by the gentleman who now holds that appointment, the salary attacied to it, which was raised to its present amount by the unanimous vote of a general meeting, is not excessive; that the increasing prosperity of the fund during the last 11 years furnishes satisfactory evidence of the judgment and efficiency-with which its affairs have been administered; and that while this meeting recognizes the necessity and inmportance of a, wise economy, it is of opinion that this objet vill be; best attained by confiding to the administration of the committee the adoption of such retrenchments in the general explnditure as may be consistent with the secu- ity of the and and the extension of its resources. A short conversation arose on a statement of MIr. Dilke, made in the courso of his reply, that a person once, but not i now, a member of the committee had divulged out of it the I names of the recipients of the Literary Fund. The amendment of Mr. Murray was then put and carried by a majoritv of 21, the numbers beng, for the amendment 31, and for the original motion of Mr. Dilke, 30. . The officers for the ensuing year were then elected and the meeting separated. GEORGr, CnumsAwK.-A mezzotint engraving £rom a rare production, an oil inting b2 eorge C:uik shank, has latelybeen published by Mr. of the Haymarket. The subject is a boy dropping his top in church, to the distulrbance of the congregation, and7 the pious indignation of the beadle The sale of the engraavg as oolare o sowth deiger o hebes dvcth e u
I CITY COMAISSIOx OF SoWEA% _ THE CIT= OF L0OXoi CIETZP.Y srne commassionern assembled in considerable numbers to receive the report of the Committee upon Improvements,ito whom the proceedings in relation to the cemetery wre referred; anc to whom, also, it had beenr_eerred on the 26t of February to reconsider the Proposed rules and rieula tions and tabl of fees for the City of London Cemetery, &c.f DeputyPeacockinthechbar. The folloWing is an abstract of the voluminous document prsented to the Court:- 6 That, having had laid before us by the clerk the resolu,ions of 74 vestries of the city parishes upon the proposed commuted fee of 6s. to the clergy on each interment irk consecrated ground at the CitY of London Cemetery, andhasing also hd-thr resolutions laid before ns in reference to the PrOP d scale of charges on interments therein, which nt been first. rsubmitted by your order to the Right Hon. the Secretary of State, and by him requiredto be promulgated in a public manner; we have teken into our consideration the various questions raised by the resolutions of those vestries which have objected to such scale of fees and clbarges. " ar find that the remons aasigned for disagreeing there-upon are very various. Many of the parishioners have object'd on the ground that the charges for interments should not be the ian&'for non-parishioners ox non-inhabitants of London as for the parishioners or inhabitants, seeing that the latter have toxar alithe cost of purchasing the land and forming the cemetery. Desdrous of obviating this objection, we Lave altered the scale of charges for purchase of ground and for interments, so that ioners or inhabitants will have to pay considerably less than the non-parishioners or non-inhabitants; annd we proposle to do this by lowering the former scale in favour of parishioners. This we feel justified in believing .will be acceptable to the whole of the city, and wil also, we trust, meet the ebjjction of those who have thought the original scale of feew generally too high for the inhabitanis of London, and especially the poorer classes. 'With regardto the clergyandparochial fees and ehargee, we fEnd that some fe¶v of the vestries have expressed their opinions in resolutions sent to you that a fixed annual sum n lieu of fees should be paid, by the Burid Board to the clergy, churchwardens, the pparishclerk, and the sexons o£ theirrparishes. "We are unanimously of opinion that pou should not consent to any such arrangement, as there are strong objections to such a proceeding. We cannot consider that the parisheshave any equitable claIim for fees upon interments, or uponground bought for vaults, graves, &c,, at the cemetery at llford. It is manifest that f such claims are to he conceded, the ratepayersof the. city of London will be burdened with a perpetual charge to meet them It appears to us that slong as the parishchurch or churchyard-was used as a place of sepulture, and the parishioners had topy the costs of building the parochial vaults and sua rting and repang them within their church; or of fiLng the groud for interment within their churchyard, and meeting all contingent expenses thereupon; or when the parishioners desired not to have their churcl or their churchyard overcrowded with dead, and to prevent such result placed a heavy c eon each interment; all these reasons may have justified such a sce of fees as has existed in the various city parishes. But we submit that, as suchastate'ofthings existsnowonly toavery limited extent, to concede suc-h claims will be doing a great wrong to the general body of ratepayers of this city. "W eare also of opinion, inreference to parish clerks and. sextons, that, as alldaim under theact of Parliamentfortheir fees is based on the assumption of their attending and performing their several duties at every interment, and as no such duties will be required of either at the cemetery at Little Ilford, and, mnoreover, if they were to perform them their legal fees would not pay them for the distance they miust travel and their labour, and as we ]mow also that in many parishes in the city those officera have been alreadycompensated by. their own vestries .for their loss of burial fees; so for all these reasonswe consider it unnecessary tooffer any commutation t' eit.her churoehwardens, parish clerks, or sextons, in w;hich opinion we are supported by the judgment of the majority of the vestries which have. transmitted to us their excpressed opinions. "'With reference to the burial fees to the clergy, we ndin that many and strong objections are taken by the vestries to the proposed fee of 6s. on each interment, chiefly as pressing. t upon the poorer classes; wehave therefre, felt it rght to adopt the suggestions made by them upon this point, and1 we recommend that you propose a graduated. scale of fees to the clerg,yforinterment of their parishionersin the consecrated portion of the cemetery; and we sibmit the following amended scale for that purpose. "Foreachburialinacatacomb ... 15 0 - in avault ... ... 10 0 - in a brick grave ... ... 76 - -inaprivategrave ... 5 0 - in a common grave ... 2 6 - of apauper 1... }0 "Such proposed feesare to be inclusive of anyfee r payment to the incumbent on the interment of aparsioner, and for erecting or placing any monumnent, gravestone, tablet, or monumental inscription. Those fees wre recommend with the understanding that they are included in all cases in the amendedtable of charges which we herewith submit to you for adoption. We are of opinion that the same charges shouldbe made in all cases of interments in the consecrated and inthe unconsecrated ground. "We recommend that you should at once nominate a clergyman to act as cbs plain at the cemetery, and that yoh should payhim irrespective of the above fees, and that the city clergy should not he required (unless at their express wsh) to attend and officiate at any interment at the cemetery. When you have nominated -such chaplain his name should be Transmitted to the commnitteeof the clergy for their approval, and to the bishop forhis licence. " We have considered the question raised by the surveyor as to building a cottage required Tor a gardener, ana .a-w workshops for the general use of parties employed on the cemetery, at a cost which he estimates at about SOW?, and we recommend the same to be done. "We have directed the clerk to cau-se inquiries to be made at the police-station at lford for a discharged polioeMan of good character, to be employed as a watchman within the ground bynight, and we propose that such person be appointed as shall be dulyrecommended by the superintendent of the police for that purpose. "We recommend that application De made to the Commissioner of Police, Sir Rlchard Mayne, that your superintendent, Mr. Stacy, and the lodgekeeper, Joseph Wallace, may be appoited constables, to help in preserving ddue order at all times within the cametery. " The report, which was followed by a long list of regulalations, was signed- " . AV. v Acocr. " B.Rrcnsoms. "B. BOWER. " G. Ross. "G. AcmsoN. " T. HOLT. "T. ABnAHAS. " J. WATE:RLOW." "IL W. WnrFnDE. A good deal of conversation tookplace upon a few of the passages of the report, but it was ultimately agreed to. The following report was made by the MedicalOfficer o£ Health -_ " The inspectors' returns, which are now before you, relate to 1S7 houses that havebeen visited duringthe last week, and I beg to submit a list of placesthat require the order of your honourable court for their sanitary improvement in variousparticulars of water supply, cleansing, draining, ke. "' I also append a list of places that require further proceedings on account of orders already issued, but not yet complied with. "I place before you the mortality table for the 'Week ending on Saturday last, from which you will perceive that t.he deaths were only 41 in number. This number is considerably below the average for this season of the year. Of these deaths, 3 were from fever, 4 fom hooping-cough, l2Z from tubercular disease, and I from cholera. " I have visited the locality andinguired into the circmstances of this death, and I am of opiaion that it was not a. case of Asiatic cholera, but one of the ordinary English character. I have ordered the premises to be inspected, a; they appear to me to be in a flthy and dilapida 6tate. "W. IHE3 BY, ]'LB."
SAUTHFIELD MARKET. TO TIE EDITOR OF T TTMES. Sir,-I have received private information that at the present moment, while public attention is occupied by the Peace Conferences in Pans, by the Kans papers, by our squabbles vith America, &c., the dirt party in the city of London, who are still very strong, are snouessfully oonducting private negotiations with the Home-offiee for the substitution of a dead meat marklet in Smithbiela for the live cattle mret which has, with so much difficulty, been recently ejected from it. The main object of this scheme is to restore custom to the numerous gin palaces and beer shops of the 1eighbourhood, -which have not driven the roaring trade they ned to dri', since the drovers, graniers, and butchers of old Emithfield 'Karket have migrated elsewhere. The traffic of London is daily becoming too large for Hs streets, and it is almost impossible to 'widen them. It therefore clearly becomes the duty of the Government to neglect no opportunity of relieving them fiom any portion of that trafflc that can by any possibility be diverted elgewhere. The creation of a new dead meat market, with its foul odours, green bides, and concominant brigades of butchers! carts, on the site of old Smithfield, will go far to neutralize all the advantages gained by the removal of the live cattle market from that locality. If you will give this letter a prominent position in yourf colwmns it may possibly prevent the consummation of this iob. I am. Sir, your obedient servant, A SCAVENGER.
A Pnoy&BLE IvzsnVZS.-The ftaffic return& of the 1ondon General Omnibus Company ae afording them public someiiisight into the Trofits of tha omnibus trade. Tbey show.thereceipts from 15 vorling oniitases to be 5,8221. 17s. in one week, or at the rate of 181. 9s. Sd. for each ormnibus. NXow, as the expense of worling any one. vehicle; w,ith its conductor, its driver, its 10 horses and their provender, its duties or mileage-taxpaid to Government, its wear and tear, or insurance to reproduce itself and its horses in case of accident or wearing oat, amounts only to 151. weekly by the largest estimate yet give, it becomes plain that the difference between 15. and 18. . sd. is the profit earnings of each omnnibus on the road, or 1751. per annmn per omnibus, being, on the 315 omnibuses, a grand total of 55,1251 - or, in another form, taldkg the expense of an omnibus at AlOQ., the value of its Itimes" at 10t1. and its horses at 256. each, or 2501. for the 10, this would leave a profit of 17hl. per annum acCcruing upon an outlay of 4501., or at the 'Ate of 391. 19s. and a fraction per cent.-a profitable investment certainly. CRYTAL PALACE.-Return. of admisniorf days ending Saturday, March 8.-Number aditd ineluding season-ticket holders, 7,450; amOunt recci eI for aLdmissions, 2731. Os. &d- Ono ShiiLng Day, Wednesday, March 12.- -Admissions on payment, 9i; ~ditto, by ieaEQiN tivkets ~3Q2; totl visitors, 3J001,
EA.iR.TMFUTABRY RYTBLLIGENCA. 3MM-, OF COMIOMO, WaZsiMx , MACH 12. 'The SPxER took the chair at 12 oclocd.: The )andee Hlarbour and Heywood Gas Bills were read a third tine. The AIberdeen, Feterhed, and Fraserbirgh Railway, and the Leeside and AIford Valley 1-ailway Billskere read a seond timeI . . .- . .. . . Petitions were presented in favour o. the Factories Bill by Mr. BA3AS, from Ml W. and J' N. Bngg, of' leeds; by Mir. GRZEiL; from Mfessrs'BWyley and KI ott', 2deiuey, Latcashire; by Mr. BiOTON, from Wiflia' :Christy and Sons, Fairfield; by Mr. 'Mrit (4), fr'om J. Haiglearrir, J. BottomIey,. J. andT.-Butterwort'W of Rochdale-and M. Brocadbent a3idSon; Oldian -.by MI. V Bsow , from.John Maden, Bacup; E. G. Kay, MiM .-h Wi-H, :[Incaslire; A. Oreiod,. BrAhersi, TodW &orden; and Wiliam Hopwood and Son, Bunley; b' r. COB3X=T, from: Messrs Worthington, of .ldila' and Mesusrs Rayner, of Ahin-u:ndefrline; b Mi . F. CnoESLsn (2). fromn cotton. spinnerss efHoldeaiIltold, ILancaibire; nd Messrs. Firtl and. Hawortb, Snpoace, Yorkshire; by Mblr. C4nisoir , fiom MOLky f)3! Mayl, of oTiey; West, HofEifal, ardlaWe*, i f l fotknobden; IrJ aaesTd Crttenden, ind Cle-, of Stecl reet f tobert hton rvipwrter; - d Robet Oden n,,ce ater: Sad by Mr. BES, froa eL aln Best-hill Mill, Pati wesre abi n r d b :L BXX-(3) from anord: Pn ethe i y -of (rlaagow,'for the regulation ry law of PmiiceiR ers in otIand; -bSiy J. tohe r, from theseEnof t eport of Scar routh, Coamplaining of 'the eicx~g 'anu destruction of life from ipwck,;nd- pr. mates,. and sea. snen-argy he I.leg,Utherized:tolreeuire'a survrey of an un. seaworthy vs. he eB;i&snsoyf iJ:e crew, and the sanitar eonditaion of nthcunt:; 'by ior.lSAGER, from differento peilles in WAss fordfor alie repeal of the ministersh 'loner -ste; by -y .- , from the: merchants .nd t h'ihngi e of Sie -crGy of Perth ard suburbs, r`t; the Pertih !ugh, fond heariur Bill; by Mr. Sfrora geady,- .ellyocpelandf Letter}kennyo and ])runbanu3hr, praying.the Hauseto pass a law prohibiting 1the ".Ye of ileciating-drixlks on the hLord'snday, by Mr. 'W. I.oo~nir ,-f(C), fropi*'Iho prsbytOry o itnhou, and from lhe'woileintg classotdn'diferent places in aIf arkshire, dpr;taayirisetaIseed-br6bes, &c., may. be placed under -reglation.and-control ?by Mr. Gmssos,' from the chairunan-and secretary of dthe31anchester and Salford Licensed Xictmillers -Association, for an inquiry into the evils of the 1iletf ing sytem; -by Icerd IsnRRUDi: from the inhabitants if en hagelBGexkeur-Glyn, against the transfer of £t.D ;ri.id's Colle"e tolBrecon, by MErB. EoEnroiON from Chead1e ;by Mr. Asarb,r from the vicar andparishmoners of'1S'idsor; and byMir. SHIRL (6), from Tysoe, Compton. Wyinnates, .Cberleeote, Ilminton, and Vherrmgton, in war. wic.eaaie, aianst 'the abolition of churc.h-rates w ithout an eqivnlen;'eniry Mr. SHEYfroin Tysoc and ComptonW} ~'ates, i iatiqening museumis, ke., on Sundays. j SE POIdCO BILL. I -nswer-to Sir F. BARoG, Sir G. GeY aid, he would endeavour to have this bill Prltedinits-amended form on Friday night, if possible, so th2 t-hon. smniLcres would have an. opportunity of consider. iM it 'dun re fEaster recess¢. He :was afraid, bo.ever, that thc amendm,ents w ould scarcely be readyin time; but, gt eyent, he would 'undertake to give ample time for cedsid.eratisn be-fore actualy going into committee on the CONMISSIoNl;MS OF SUPPLY (SCOTLAND) BILL. On the mntion for the second reading of this bill, lf. DUI(P {in answer to 31r. E. LoITEART) stated thatits object wis to supersede the necessity of the annnal appoiatment -by name. of -the Comiissioners of Supply for the 'various counties of Scotland, and to provide that the possession of the required qualification should be sufficiut to constitute any person a commissioner without being mamed in an act of supply. After a few words from the LonD-ADvOocAT, who shted that thebillhadbeen introducedwith hisentire concurrence, Tune bilwas read a seconcd time. rxFORMATORY SCHOOIS (SCOTLAND) BILL. '3n the motion for the second reading of this bill, Mr AG-IUME opposed the bhi, on behilf of the Irish Catholics resident in Scotland. There was not a warmer or a more-earnest advocate of reformatory schools, when roperly-conducted, than himself; but his complaint-was, M their'benwv4ent sfitemhadnotbeenfairlyand honestly caniodeutinScotland. In fact, these institutions had been trned, ia tihat country, -to the most improper and ungenerous aes., Aocording to Sir S. M%Teil there were from 200,eOO 'to 360,00 Irish -in Scotland-the must of them Cathaics, nd the -oest-of the poor. They were of all claesctheneoonest affected by the vicissitudes of trade; but as, by hi Scotch law, any one of them applying for parochile:fslaI ob sent back to his own country, their only refuge, when thron out* of employment, was 'the street. -Their children, if caught. begging, wrere liaSle to be sent to these reformatory schools,and ulust he dedired. wvas, thatiwhen there they should be treated in a rir.andhenest manner. AKt pDresent the treatment oi Irsh Catholic childre'n in these schiools was unmanly, secta rian, -and bigotte. No provision -whatever was made foi their separte religious education. They were given overte the eiare-ef persons wvhose open profession it was not to is aatisied-uitllthe Catholic religion was rooted out of tin lad. an they were exposed to. be brought up in hatred of the creed of their fat hers. Not long ago he had received a lett'er fom a gentleman well kiowa in Glasgowz, detailinE twro eases whi-ch showed the system of p roselytism which wrai carrsd on in these schoolsr. He could refer to many other cases, hut he soulld rely principally on these two. O5ne was lhe-case-of a~gil named hM'achlsn; who had been placed in inl t;ie iSjsgow House of Refuge for Girls. iSoon after her reception there, it having been discovered that she was aF Catholic, she was told that she mus be a Catholie no lorn er, and all kinds of persuasion- were used to induce her-i' cbalge her religion. These all proving ineffectual, hewas confne for three days in adak room1 and fed only sonlreadannd iuter. At the end of these three days her ecourage fsiiled, anda she yielded. A rnild mode of conversion, Strl. 'AEhe second case was that of a boy named! O'Donnell, who-z'asi-~en up for selling lucifer matches, and sent. to the House of Refuge for Boys in Glasgowr. and who, while there, -was not allowved .to make the sign of the cross and to sayt'iie Arne aAria. It could not be denied, therefore, he thought, that these schools were turned- at the present anoreent jto-the basest of all. objectsprosel5tism It wa idle to say-that the Romin Catholics of Scotland anight'cstalsisih xreformatory school of their own. Thej were -not sufficietly wealthy to do so. Therefore, the hidrea-anust be pLaced in the existing reformatories * and, of these1 it was only in the UJnited 23chool in Ediniturgb that the flstholics received fair play. HIe did not intend to divide the Holuse, but would rely upon the generoit3 <of hen gentlemen opposite Qthe Scotch members) to extend -to Catholics in Scotland a toleration at least equal to that which in. India was exhibited towards believers in the srosest:euperstrtrons. Wshat be soug,ht wvas, that provision snold -be inserted in this bill either giving to the magis- rateapover-tosenda achild to any schoolin the united *3ingdom, -or enacting that there should* be certain hours -during wYhich Catholic children might receive reOlgoS feaching fom a Catholic clergyman or an accredited Catholic techer. -In a letter to a gentlemean in Ireland, MUr. Mr. B. £lihad wgven it as his opinion that religion maight bie a .poent .engine in reforming child;ren, but that to ateir;pt'to convert -them to a religion which they had pre'viously been tauh -to hate and fear could only retard the ~proceeis of -reformation. This -was, he conceived, no slight -authcsity in support of the request which he (Mr. Maguire) as,maing. .Before sitting down, he wished to correct an 'croneous.statement :which! he had made on a previous o cca. sion. Hle -then stated that- in the Vagranit Children Act there was no pro-eiaoix for preserving the:rights of con-cence. -He had since found that-that-act contained a pro- sobt"due regard shall be had to thefaithof such -cIld, -and to the iVii-of the pitent or guardian to send it to any *xeformator5-achool w thn the district." In Scotland, lioweverv there were ,no reformatories to which Catholic 'children could be sent-with "'due regard" to their faith, and -therefore, as faras they.arere concerned, this3 proviso did not amonont tomuch. Inconclusion, the hon. member said that he ahonidlnot at preeent-ke any motion, but should, when the bill.was -in coenmittee,.,oropose amnendments with a viewr to carry ont.his objects.. lierfon iOYYE was-of .inion that criminals could only bewefrredbthoinfluenac of religion, and -that that in-. dfuenebould only be effectively exercised b>y placingr chili. -dren of dif..eosi.ifrt wsal3he*vhich ,should -be mansgedvin accordance with -the principles of Stheir aeveral.reliions. - ,Ihe.case of Catholic childrenthis -separ:tion was sore particularly needed, because they w~ere *ucated-under.-ule of -St. ' enedict which combined a penit2ntil s stmiti iastrneiic,n in indutal pursuits. It ws from no.ruarro or illbci spirit that Roman Castholics -declined -to- Boin wtith ,pesons: of other .creeds inL -establishing these .uehoel, hutbseaa they believed that an1- lss tui exclusi'i 'ny5tem' wero .aopted the reformatories would betotally or at.< events coanparMively, friles Mzr. DRPU MOX 'lisd that ihe :ous e had heard with £atisaction. the 4eea ofzike -hon. mmber for Dungarvan efr.re},and.:sanld:echo h . *rations for tolera*le.Fonly reeretted eusph hhad not been dehv-ere,jn wh,nl)anient-of Naplesn there), ot Asria, or of irance, zatherthan in that ,ofe tngI h (Hear.m It was o ihiCa thicr ehtnilrd in sr-olswasan Catholic ds-a -1a,y:o;X fis seal agauint-piot yaism,ard denounceits the,-geat cusre ofa country, -because there was no place sntoa ihlid spWx3 posIle forA st tojpohe his nose into rnlaich 16 -did jot'shov6 -it,- A entUy for the mere FlauedmlMmsllf Ge-.ilfei;syure with . Jige hc4 ientlen gIfr.m aaej ;htbt-iti- - plaoes more -ja n t *o ood bAb4-ndone bj-a -jtem -of proselytism, Dad he cWNly 44.ot'think -at -it would .-b any advant ge ti a Roma- (4id child to bh pliaed uad the care o a Prishytenisir elgjan to be-tught tolAte tho religion ofI itherij Ie feedi, however,woiaderwhether-the hon.-I g*Alsnan h;ad read. A - lctr written- by Bishop AillIs, of Wjningh, on fhe matbie-t of the Edwucation -Bill of theIlea Lird (tte Lord-Advocae),: in whieh he sid, not- nl,y tat he would - not - allow- Catholic children to leirn geqgraph et x4ro extnts, becasise inthe geogrphy beoks there reWlittle pictu bf the ma tand leat enlighteed -places in the world, and the Popish? iountyies were always laced in the latter class-; but hie won^2d not even allow Vathol c dhilren to plIy with Protesant- onis, because thl principls which were taught to Romnan Citho.c children were not the same as-thowe which were inculcate(: by Pro. testantr. :Ee : lrnimond) remembered being on xTir=t to some hghly valued Catholic friends. . In the fa%ily there were t-wo young boys. C,ne day henmissed these boyzt from tIe dinner-tible, and ou inquiring the cause of their .bemnce -he Wag told that they had been behaving very ill. sic aed what they had done, and was informed that on S }re-nons day, u they were going through the drawing;i- a,,r of them took a lump of sugar, and his brother did 'Fine litte feoLow?' said be (Mr. Drum- re plied the pau.a; "he is L . igg for not T" j4e-one j4d the ' 3 ,,z.hd ttall ( lau.J pig i6t be* teU goodJole * iat iouse btit ,it'wi, no joke to havrP 5uc atbing in' a family. : ecr heard It Ws no jok%-to have each me.1n of afamrly+-hu id, w-ife,nh5ld, an,er- | vSt-tMi&1,t to be a spvupon the others.:( ear.) 'IfEsauch h P,em. as .that 9fo Erbiic h.had pYCen an inDst&acn evailed generallvamongCtatholics, he thought that it ia&saeohlutely newss .rythatC,tholic!a?niPo5ta5itCildreniibF,uldbe sea.I rateid . s forefor wriesi ignesl;hebeliv;a,that theonly st,9reesful couisa Woild be to ieparate the'cbl dren entirely W'Jm their old hibits-afid ol'di friends 'b,lacing :tbhem in l.afge-hulks at the ,eaporrs whence thengbt be sent into the.army Andnavy By this:planin..xy' boys night,he beIlived, oe saved, but in the Achdols wlich were being establishedhe. confessed he d-nA a&faith.. Sir G. GREY peu%tlo 1e 'hon. member for Dui-' gatvai (Mr. Mgui4re tl- h tlk-kistecen. of the provision which he had hi se $''q 1d owJed that- there was no intention that *avaitage silibe takenof these instituations to-corvert the chuldrcisf Roman CathoTh, parents to Protes'mntism.' Ifhesi;ere iistitufions established zand supported by' voluni;ar o ributoion d'-ndthe-mrigistrate had '6ower to send a chid" to' aiiy'istitti6iw -which might :bc ouge y it:atd -'- The Roman- Catholice .adestab7is4d rt toriei in-Eigla'nd,and thiere could be no obj'edion ;to theiravingsimiila±institiitions inl3cotland,-provided thsy fulfilledthe -rteqirem-ents-whithwere -enforced in all iui3J cases. Hi hiad hoped,that ',' these institutions being of a 'purely voluntn y character, tho religious quettion mighVhaiAe 'been kept' out of that house, and that .alithechildreni-ight'have-'beenbibrightuipinthefaithof theirparents. 'Thtse refornntorie& were-open to children of all -creeds, sonie being ecluiiely Protestant and others exclusively Citho)ie. He' did not think that any further provsion was required to protect the faith of the children - and'he hoped that; the hon. meinbei (1r. Maguire) would not insistu'up.Irfe introductionof ameiidments intothis bill. Mlr.ADDEMTtLY thoughtiti.a not desirable to protract -a dicussion upon a point which *as not immbdiately connected with:the object of tis bill-1the.enforcem'ent of paynient by psrents for the maintenance of their children. e religious question had not previouily been raised, andit was honourable to.the Roman Catholics that they had been the firsWto start it. He thonght that the arequest of the hon. member for .Dungarvan wiree fair and equitable, and that he had sketclled a plan *hich might be adopted, and for-which provisibn might beruiade in thisbilL At present, -'a thd could not.be sent toa 'school out of the kiiigdom in which it w3a convicted. With the limit thus imosedi pDn thc 'pover of removal, .the hon. member byhis Bs poo yr b?rs19proposition sought to do away. ' Lookingat -the reformatories already established by Roman Catholcs in' England, he (Mr. Adderley) thought that they w,rould soon have a sufficient number of schools to m'ake 'even this provision effectually carry out - the objec4s which the hon. gentleman sought to attain. Supposing that- were not the case, the hon. memdber had. further proposed that Roman Catholic priet-and he (Mr. Adderley) presunmed ministers of-other denominations [fr. mAG.uni made a gesture of assent]-should be allowedto visit the reformatories and to give religious instruction to the children of their respective denominations. This practice existed in the largest pauper school in :England-that'at Manchester-and he was informed that.noinconvenience was expenenced from it. (Hear, hear.) The difficulty in the present case was, that these being voluntary institutions their mnanagers might object -to such a provision. If the hon. gentleman would make the admission subject to the consent of the 'miaagers, he thought that the proposition would be a reasonxble one. ' Mr. BLACK was of opinion' thaq liberty of conscience should berespeted:in education as in all things else, and illustrated the benefits of the- docine by reference to a school in Edinburghwith which he had been long connected, and which was corducted on theprinciple of giving religious instructionto the Protestantand Catholic pupils at different hours, while secular educatign was imparted simultaneously to the whole school. The systemihaa 'worked admirably, the result; -being equaly avantageous to the- children and satisfactory to their .paret, The eloquence of Catholic gentlemen from Ireland on the subject. of religious freedom -was - inidoubtedly worthy of all aduira. tion; b t it wps to be regrtted that they ddnot endeavour to inspire their co-religionists in other countries with sentiments equallg liberaL. Their'iieglctto do'so, however, was no Teason -w y, -in this enlightened country. Protestants should act otherwise towardi Catholies than in a spirit of perfect toleration. (Hear, hear.) Mr. KENEDY called attention to No. 10 of the resolutions proposed by thenoble lord the member for London, declaring that children should not be compelled to attend any form.of worship or receive any description of religious instruction to which their parents or guardians objected, and contended that this sound and salutary regu. -lation, so essential to -th'e liberal zuinagement oEf free schools, .was yet more urgently required in refonmatozy institutions, where bhe- sysem of adnunistra-tion was necessarily striu. gent and the discipline severe. The LORD-AD1VOCATE hoped that, as there was no obh jection to ;the general -principle of the bill, the House wouild, wvithout proceeding- further with a profitless discus. sion on: an abstract question, at once agree to the second reading. Thebilt was simply an extension of a very bene cial measure introduced on the same subject two years ago, L and, like it, was founded on the principle that, withoul giving 'pre-eminence to. any particular - class or sect, Government should -take - advantage of voluntary institutions - and enable them to'- provide, as far Al their niseans would permit, for the-education of vagrani children not yetacommittedfoi violation of thelaw. Ad niatting the full force of the argument that the'powers con L ferred by such measure ought not to be abused for purposes Lof proseltism1 it-vas, on the other hand, a little hard thal when-Scotch- members,.attempted o. dealwith a questior afI e ting.thc sociaL interests-of-their own country objec- tions should be wantonly thrown in the way of their doini so in what appearedl to them the most advantageous man. ner. The hon. member for Dungarvan complained that thE Catholics - of Scowland were too poor to found reformator schools of their own, but surely theymight obtain assistance for that -purpose from - other' professors - of the same faith -who sympathized - with the opinions of the hon. - gentleman. .The matter now under considera' - tion was not : the principle on wlich- Government schools or reformatories-should be established. That was a questidn-for which, surrounded . as it -was with adventitious difficulties, Pariament did not as yet seem ripe. What wag now engaging their atteitionwas how to deal with voluntary iIstitutions. . The hoi. me'mber.for Dungaivan had made tfwo proposals-that Catholic priests should have free admittaince into voluntary ieforiaatories, and that there shouldlbe a power to remove Catholic children from Protestant schools to other establishments in cases where the .parenlths lidiEei suclc.removal . With regard to the oltheseproposals-,he (tllLord-Advocate) could- n6 consent toitsa.beingenforced by act.of Parhament, for, whatever the motive orintention- of such a measure might be, every one who iiew anvthing of Scotland must be awvare I that the Protestants and'resbyterians wholiad originated the voluntay. institutionsin that country would not heai of it. The - united industrial schools of Edinburgh were founded on a different sytem, and to these schools Catholic childr4n might freelybe sent; but, whatever might be 'done in Government institutions, it was -not to be imagined that an obligation to admit aninisters of all descriptions to teach what i,ehlgions they pleased could be imposed by act of Parliament on persons who, by their own spontaneous efforts, hadestablishedragged'schools, reformatories, and similar insttutions. The recommendationthat other reformatories in this country should bemade gvailable for the reception of Catholic children, whose parents might desire theirremoval from Scotland, was a more feasible suggestion, and deserved attentive consideration.. With respect to the aleged case of oppression to which the hon. member had alluded as having occurred some years ago in Glasgow, it was to be regretted that, instead ot makingit thesiibject of Parliamentary debate at .this distance of time, he had not at once broughlt it under the consideraton of .the then Lord-Advocate. (Hear, heir.) Mr.'MAGlECE.-A statement of the case was sent to the Home Secretary. The.iLORD-ADVOCATE could only say that for his part he kn.w nothing of the case.- -Mir. LYDDELL viewed reformatory institutions with peculiar. vour, as indicating a most laudable desire in all enoinations of Christians to make common cause in a honest and earnest attempt -to check crime at its source. Whle cordially concurring in much that had fallen from the hpn. member for Dungarvan, he must be allowed to exPress a doubt whether the privileges for which that holi. gentle4nan had so strenuously contended would, in all instiDLces, rbe 'highly, prized by those in whose interest they were solicited. The regulations of a reformatory.-school. in .the north of 'England with which he was -cbnnecte& placed - religious instruction- under the gUnezaI supervision of a minister of the church of England, $ut permitted the visits of clergymen of all persuasions to teach the children of - their respective communions. This seemea in .tie- abstract a very salutary rule ("Hearj hear,'t from &r. UG-rIRX), yet it was only on very rare and except.ional o.asions'that a Roman Cathohi priest claimed the benet of it- (hear; hea- fact which seem'ed fairlylopento theinference that Roman Catholic pazents, wrere sely ccteut to, have thelir children rescuedfrom infarnmt and deadation, did not care to insist thatthey shoul4 be brought-P'i'up ;inieir-o-wnir'eligi-on- Ha,ha. It was to be -hopedthat te Igature ting a lesson -fr'om he zeal and enerfy4f. the Scottish members, would soon sanction the establishment of union industrial schools, rhere a great amoent of-juse vicemight be arrestedbefore ij hid ,deveoped iito actual crime. (Hear, hear.) -Mr.' NNAID observed tiha the clauses relating to re'igious instruction in the Act to m ich the present bill was tended to be auxiliary- had. be,a,su:bmitted t the consideratiOt 'Of the late -ember for Meath (Mr. Lucas) by whoi they wepproved. (eaer, ear.) 'SirS;NRTHCT~ as srprse& hatthe Lord-Advo-- cbsoul n haveS deniedlithe rgt 'coftu m viers dinotie zconnete ~~~~~~~~~~not connlected h co l asdb hn ebeC w ith r n to O ta ke ast E in th e discu i o n a po f th e p resen t The LOR1).ADVoMATER exipen thoat -he taad never eon aso ther; fiear.) Allhe me nt to say unaite that it astolere.gretted- that :Scot{hi mebranag) n voluntaryattempt to' remedy a tocial evil aff din- own country, shouldhave to'contfnd with difricutie s ijheron iderately a ind omewhat wimtony raished by 'hon. meinb'ers not co ete' with Sotlandf 'l - go - Sir S. N~ORI'fCttE- 4h6erfully accepted -the ZIerned' lordl's expan at ionan edis own conviction th&t the bill; thoiigl iysi'ne 'otappl to Scotland, would affect aul the voluor the united kingdoM. es should have ef s -ifhestioraise(hey,hehori Imember for D oh bee moedi a hotie spirit and with the it h huabeen with gdfeIn go tenipei- oei a ob - apprehe aedfroe bihu they hd e onductear.) .-I h asamatteriu t testantseiima th asbad &J equal intiebst lim 'teeVolunay-istttosshould' bee,c dswtedin-kxi a manner as topreclude- the danger of thirbel,jbizsgfo(r ~Urp* s fprslyim This was ax ciasderao o tiiliihestimpotane (har,hear),-for if portto hese mlsituloim, wthou atthesame timie takig cre iL~ -' he~ ebit~ becondutdwt that sri~ reard tdtIi~ i p~ freioulirt -which tho spirit of, the'ase 4emane4.tlie con_equence Pwou uld bei;hat publiopitn'wold react'and the voluntay ysepotbiei;k donn' 'L'there 'ws at' presenit-only one inSnin -tlaeid t W iwhihh Roman Catholics could . constientiously iend ther-children,-and even that.establishment,,as, liable 'to :the cbjection:, that the system of reigious pstrgction adoptea thei ,Iai'a mixed one. It ht be said thaist Ui&Reomai Cthelics jere at liberty 'to fund xefo'rm,tory inffitutiions'df`thqir own; but to this the hon. merber 'for Dungrvai'' hiaA frankly and fairly replied that in Sco'tland they, vere so-poor that they could - not affordtodoso. This 'be the.case; it was clearly desirable that1the ,voluntary -;efbornatories shoild be con' ductdi in'sich. as,fuirit ai to io a'vailable for their 'prposes and.'those f -All denomiXiatiQs'of 'Christians.- He was -not.oiob'el understoo as' siymg -that he wrould adopt the proposals'of the hon'memer for Dungarvan,- but he respected the motive and intention which had dictated the rem'arles of thelhbon.geptlemkii,' and believed 'zwith hiin: thit'it ibould:be possible so tarraige the details of the biUl in committee'as to iakietfe-measre- more acceptable tcmnenof aallielgioiis deid mination. (Heai.} Mr. G1V Ythbu ht.that if theower were to' b granted of 'removing children from one istablishnent ft another it thouldb`e coupled -with a condition that the re. inoval shodld fakeple withi ecified atime, and-befcr tho child had as y'et been' 'habituated to thu systeniof the initutionto hch he hadoriginally been. M1r. -ALEXANDER 'HASTIE was -of opinion'th t the Roian Catholics of Glasgow: were sufficiently affluent and numerous to found a-reformatory irstitation of their own; and if theys woild make the attempt they should -not be uithout asiistance from Protestants.: 3fr. 9COT'o'boerved 'that, before givingpowor to remove a child- from one institution to another, it -would Ie' weltoDdetermine on whom the expense of such remov I should fall. - Mr. DlNNOP'thank&I the House for the cordialrj ception they had, given-to the' bil, and expressod hissatiifactioithat 'noobjecotionhad been made to its principle. 'He desiredto take& advantae of existing establishmente which were suiported by voluntaycontributions, andthe bill. prbvided that, wherethere were-tworefomatory insti-. tutibns within the jurisdiction bf the inagristrates, elits might choose to which of. th6m their children bhould Sesent. Y there should be 'oly one institntion wvithin th'e juiedic-- tion, of the magistrates- they-were directed'by the bill topsy. due regard to the wisfes of the pirents on the subjecfof religion, jnd were einpoweredto send children to any chool in Scotland. -Parents or guirdians 'were also entitled, on finding securities in small'asmounts, to remove children fom reformatories. 'Hb thought stiuh'an amount of freedom was allowed as ought to besatisfactoryto Roman Catholics; and although the 4Reformantory: Institution at Edinburgh was supported in' 'a great measure by Protestants, he had no doubt that an -institution of the -same kind might be esta. blished at Glasgow or elsewhere in Scotland, which would afford ample-accommodation for-Roman Catholic children. ' The bill was then read-i second time. 'MICIPA:L REFORM-(SCOTLAND) BIL. T - - Mr. Wi. EWART, in moving the second reading of this bill, said that he would-very briefl explain its -nature. In some of the smaller:burghs of cotland thepresent systemn of seLf-governent was mounsatisfactory, no confidence whatever being, placed by the inhabitants in the . municipalites, which -were supposed to represent them, but which were entirely self-elected. These municipalities often chose is; town-counciUlors persons who resided at great distances,- and the consequence- was that the funds of the burghs -were frequently misapplied. Be proposed to place the Royal bmrghis which were. in this position upon an .equal footing with the Royal burghs which had been already dealt with by the Scotch Municipal Reform Act. He was awa6e it might be .objected that the burghs to which this bill would apply -cotained very small constituencies, but those constituencies were certainly as large as the constituencies.of some of the-burghs which were affected by the Reform Act.. , This was, however, a point which might be considered in committee, and if it were thought requisite t the municpal constituencies in some of the burghs might be extended by-lowering the franchise. He believed that, byconsentingto this measure, the House would remove Thosejealousies wnich existed in the unreformed Scotch burghs ' - .- ' The LORD-ADVOCATE, although he had always been desiro's of extending the principlo of local self-government, felt great difficulty in assenting to-the second reading of this bill. The burghs to which it referred had been excluded - from the operation of the Scotch- Municipal Reform Act on the ground that. they-had- substintially no constituencies, and it.was an absurdity to 'attempt to deal with popular elections in places- where' no constituency existed. In New Galloway, for - instance, there -were 12 electors ana nine councilors, and the revenue of the corporation amounted to. U3 .- lls. a-year. -.(Laughter.) In Lochmaben the 'constituencies' numbered , there were nine councillors, and the revenue of the corporationwas 211. Is. Id. In Culross there were 20 electors and nine council. lors, the annual revenue; being 501. and the ronstituency of Bervie consisted of 28 persons; of. wlhich there were 15 counciUlors.. ("Hear;hear," anda laugh.) He thought the . House should consider wh'ether it-was desirable to legislate as his hon. friend projosed -with reference to such burghs, when' there were many other towns in Scotland, with a muchlarger population, which did not possess municipal corporation.- - (Hear;' hear.) -He must say he thought the best course would. be to sweep away altogether the corporations -to which the bill referred, and to place the funds of the burgh3 under some more efficient conltroL.- Sir J. ANDERSON hoqed the Lord Advocate would not -oppese the seeond reading -of the bill, 'but Would allow-itf' details to-be considered in committee. &r. DllNIOP supported thob`ilL i3r' C. BRUCE did n6t -think any practical grievance existed which rendered the intervention of Parliament necessary. - - Mr. BAXTER said, that atpresent the respectable portion of the community in many of the Royal burghs were alto. gether excluded fromtalgn part in the management of. municipal affairs, 'and, with t e view of remedyineg that evil, he hoped the House would sanction the bill of his hone friend. - , - -Mr i EIL10 'wouldsupport the bill,- unless the Lord Advocate gavd an assurancethat he would deal with the subject in ageneral measure. The LI,OBb-AKDVOC ATE thoughthe might give a pled that, if this bill vverewithdrdwn, he would be enabled in the course 'of the' sessioni to submuit to the HIouse amneasure respecting the local government of Royal burghs inScotLAnd (Hear, ihear.) - Mr. EWART said that, under those circumstances, he would consent to withdraw the bilL The order for the second reading of the bill was accordingly discharged. - The' BANKRUPTCY; (SCOTLAND) BELL. The bLRD-ADVOCATE moved the second reading of this bf -th'e olbjeat "of which was to consolidate the bankrnptcy, law oVScotlaxid. ' The bill contained 176 clauses, and coiniiehlended nearly allUthe statutes passed on the sabject durin the esent 'century. Two years ago there had been considerable agitation in this country, and art i Scotla'nd for in' alsimilati6n 'of the bankrupt laws ofthe two countries, and a good deal of pressure was used for the purple -of importing into Scotland the general principle of the English law- of bankruptcy. He was at that time opposed to 'such a proceeding, and was anxious that further timeshiouldlbaffordedforconsideringthesubiect. That course: hid been taken, and thb'r6isult was that tne general community of Scotlaid-the t6own-councils, the chanmbers of commerce, the societies for:'the protection of trade, and the greit. body -of 'professional and mercantile men-had arnved at the 'conclusion that the Scotch law of baikluptsy 'wasmuChi'hette'r as-'it was . also much: cheapefthanthe banlcrupt'y :la'w of England. With -the view of preventing-any yashimterference with a question of so much importance;.a- conmittee of the Faculty of Advocat'es was. appointed2 two' years ago to consider the changes that:mig'ntbe peieary in the. law of- binkruptcy, and thleymade a mobst elab'6rat i -nd learned -report, u;on zhich the peresejit lull aih .fondad.- Hemigt mention one of two-of The mote iuiportsit; change-s'which would be made bythis measureintEe existing law.' Up. to the pre sent time the operation o'f tfebenkrupt law in Scotlnd wixth teard to sequestration'-had been cot-ned to tradersbutt b *&idill 'oul 'eteidt.- it to the whole com-K . munin : He founid:. that %'under -the'act of -1772, -wrhich - originated, the .system of hnkruptcy law.in Scotland, the prooessof sec estision.as adplicable fo all persons, but-by the aSt oif -1783'it was liulAtcd to traders, as he thought,'upon very d6ubtf Iouiids. NItras -not proposed-to introduce any sfsteai of obVcial ''assigznnt, for he thought that, if creditois chost'fo kethe'rnanagementof the a of theirdebtofsWinto'their own handsz2it was 'unnecessazy,to- initerfeze vgiti them. , By one of- the latest' acts passed on this subject provisionWahS made for the appointment of itnterin' factors tW take'charge of the estate= of bhacrupts, but as the system had 'not -*rled satisfactofily it was profosid by this bill that - sheriffi should - have power, upon special appldation being'made to theni to provide for the protection o,f biiikrupts estiaes. The bill-fuitherfprovided-forthe appoihtment of an accountant in bankruptcy, whose duy it woul4 be to see thl't estates ivere duly and properly wound up, and 'to- prevent ilition or fraud.:' The accountanit would be required- to superintend sequestrations and he (the Lord-Advocate)'beheved-thatIthe prop6sed a ent would tend to,render the management ofsequaetrationsmnuchiore satisfactory than it had hitherto been.' The bll,lhe might observe, consolidated the pro -visions' of the act cf 1814, 0nd of al subsequent acts re. latig to banlriiptcyin Scotland. - Mr. ALEXANDER HASTIE did not object to the bill, but he hopedthatin committee the Lord-Advocate would proposeclauses :with the view of facilitatingprivate ane. ments undez the sanction of the court or of the sheriffs He thought, also, that some more stringent measures shoul t be adopted with - reference, to the. clas of s mall pawn bzokers. ' . ' - '- - o ml an The biU was then read a second time. , 'VACCINATION BILLS, - . COW.PE inoved the second readini of this bill. - Mr. BARROW suggeded that, as the bill was delivered to hon. members only yesterday and involved principles of greatiimportaice, -upon - which the country should have an opportu nity of expressing its opinion, the- motion for the .Aecond reading should be postponed till after EAiter. Dr. MlCEEL 6described -the biU - as one for legalizing mi.rder, and hoped it 'would bewithdrawn altogether. He was Nrepared to prove that sAcetheintroductiosrof vacecintion siUllpox had :increasedrather than: diminished. The, rason she ,tat formerly pepe, avoided the disease, whereas nowi thin*qng themselves- ecur, Lthey, unhesitatingly en-- 4teredpl4o * ri,they-could hardly fail -to be infected.. At i one ime all g'ak childen were' thzown into the' Ginges,1 and in other 'ii of the worldthe miined were suffocated.l Vaccination billervad ,the same purpose in another way. Their object was to .egae the murder of a certain number of peraoris in order to savethe lives of the rest of the onM-I naunity. -' lr. COWPERC said that, as hon members had not hadan o?pOrtunityot considering . e bill, ha Would not object to e y6 s~tpoeitt fthi IVR 'When the time canie for the scond ireadig heAhought he should be able toa wor the SaAtemenitsf e l peaker. The nmbtion uwas accornglyponea': '' - JtTSOl* W0MBN W',A'D 'CHILDEN Mr. DIMLWY., on riingto mqve for leave to introduce a bill to imend'the act of 1853. forthe better prevention andapun4shment of ngrava1ed lts upon women and children,-sid,A thathe would taXte very shortly the reasons hoich had inuuced him to take this step, anud to think that .an *lieratioi:of .t5e l8ws necessary. It: would be in the recollection of .the House that in 183, when the attention of the country at largq had been directed to the frq yency of babaronusand savage -assaults -on women ,and children, and when it Was xmiversally felt that, some leWisla- 'tive enactuent ought' to be passed for ,-the. pre-. 'vention of-. suc,h brutal crimes, w- bil -was .intro. duced, havng for its; ojbect the sub,stitution of. xix months' imprisonmeat. with & -ard i:abpur for thediscretionarypower exercised by ningistr4esof imposing a fine of 5g., or, in default, sentencing -to two months imprisosmnent, An amendment a, Aproposed, by -'r. P.hinn, then member forBath, to, the.effect. bthat-in lts:.upon womea and children conviction shoi4d, be. fol}owed by the infliction of corporal punushmnent> th4t-. lered gentlema.nasad others believing that eorpoDilpunishment alone would be sufficieat. to detir parties mron ths comisson of such loathsome and cowarIdly icTimes. Though s.ome of the objections to the amendment had reference ' not . so. rniuch to the principle as to the expediqncy of, the-proposa, it was rejected. by a large majority,; and ,the bill was passed in its original:shspe. The act bad consequently been in operation for upwards of. two-years, and - return for which he moved eome.time ago: shdwied,tihe' number of eonvictions and sentencest under it during 1854, and 1855 in. the metro-' politan- districts. The- returxi Was confined to those districts, but 'he Xad b-een :'surd by iagistrates and others that assaults upon wonen a'nd cildren were common over the wvhiole country, -andthat they often had occssion to lament the:'wint: of power'to iufict corporal -punishment upon peroni co'nvite. of 'such offences. .It appeared from the return that the zdt of 1853 - i not worled satisfactorily in the- metropblitan districts,- for, during the two years he had mentidnned, the total'nuber of convictions and sentences wis 8;'7, or moreithan on'e .per day-a fact which he thought ouight to convince those gentlemen who in 1853 opposed the amendment of Mr. Phinn that, having tried all minor kinds of -punishiiiept and found them useless, there was no alternative left but to'see what o1gging would do. He regretted. thaf, in t-e a bsence o£f returns relating to periods before th I passing. of 'the act, it was impossible to ascertain whetherthe alteration ef the law-had affected the number of casess b.ut, as the House.might wish to know the result of a comparison between the two years embraced in his own'retnrn, he might state that in 1854 the number of convictions and sentences in the princinal metropolitan districts wes353, whie in 1855 it was-320, showing but a small dlecrease in'the amount of. crime, and that decrease perhaps attributable rather to accidental circumstances than to the.operation of the act. 'In no fewer than-184 cases-the offenders were-sentenced-to the full term of imprisonment allowed by law-six mionths; -which proved that the crime which the act was intended to zepress still existed in its ;miost aggravated fonm, and that the time had anived for the application of a sharper remedy. He believed that the kind of'punishment nowin'dicted hada directtendency, not, iideed, to diminish the crime, -buttorevent the crminals being brought to justi&e, - because w en a wife knew -for he was sorry to say that the majority of these assaults -were committed by husbands upon their wives-that if she complained--to-a magistrate her husband would be sent to prisoli for six mohths, and she herself reduced to the -necessity of choosing betWeen starvation and the workhou'e the bablity ws' that she would rather suffer in secret from the violence of her tormentor than take a step leading to such fearful consequences. What he proposed, therefore, was to repeal-the act of 1853, re-enacting all its provisidons except the second clause, and substituting for that clause one to the effect that, every person convicted of an-assault upon a woman or a child should be sentenced to not less than 14 days, or more than two months' imprisonment, and during his confinement should be once pnvately whipped. HXe would not have the corporal punishment administered within two' days after sentence, because that might wear the appearance of a vindictive proceeding; nor should it-be adminstered within seven days before the releaseof the offender, because it would he bad Policy to allow him to leave prison with a smarting back; whereas if :the -whip, were applied -somewhere about the middle of his Verm of imprisonment he would have Plenty of time to reflect -upon -the consequences of his brutality, and might probably be induced to restrain his passions -in future. Several -objections might be urged against his proposal to inflict corporal punishment. It might be said that it would prevent a reconciliation between husband and wife. He did not think there was much force in that argument, andbelieved that imprisonment was quiteas likely as corporal chastisement to fill a man with vindictive and.revengeful feelings.- But it might be argued that what he proposed would have -the effect of brutalizing and: degrading persons -convicted-- of assaults upon women and children. H He did not attach mauch weight to that objection, for he could not believe that a man wjio raised his hand against 'defenceless wcenan or child, who knocked'hiswife down and stamped uponher stomach, when -perhaps she :was in .an sdvanced state of pregnancy, was capable of being degraded to'a lower level-he was a7brute -in every sense of-the word, ind nothing would have an 'effect upon him but the fear of bodily pain. It might like-wise be said 'that- ooral punishment was not -in accordance with the spirt of the age. There was a good deal in that argument; but public opinion had under- gone a great change duringthe last few years, and there was nowv-a very general belief that for offences against theperson -severer %orms of punishment were required. What else were we to do? We had tried imprisonment for short periods and imprisonment- for long periods; both hid 1failed,-the crime still existed to a frightful extent, and- there seemed to be no other alternative left than to resort to 'corporal'punishment. It wrild be impossible, indeed,, to- exaggerate the eviL The return for which he moved did not enter into the details of individual cases; but, on looking over a file of T'ie Tizes, he had been -shocked-to read thb particulars of some of the cases which occurred in the second year -of the act. The following was a brief statement of those cases:- " Jan: 4:-fWifiaam-Cobtes-Xnocks down his wife, kicks her on side and stomach. Six months. "Jan. 5. Dennis Flannagan-Knocks down his mother, and kicks her when down. - "Jarf. 6. -James. Delany-Knocking down his wife, and strildingier when down, I "Jan. 16. John Stokes-Brutal assault on wife. The second imprisonment for six months for a like offence. "Jan; 24. Alexander Hlodder-Beating the woman he lived with with a poker, and striking her with a glass bottle. ".Feb; 5. Richard Marshall-Kicking and heating a child 10 years old. I "Mar. 15. Daniel artivright-Assaults on wife and niece; knocking them down, kicking on stomach, jumping upon them when down, andbeating with a poker, "Mar. 23. Frederick Pointer-Einocking down his wife, and kickinz her on the head and body when down. " April S. W.:Ball-Brutal ascsault on his wife six weeks tafter her confinement. " April 9. G. BEiss-Dragged his wife downstairs b the hair, then knocked her down with his fist, and kcke her on the face and head.' - "April 28. C.-Canton-Assault on wife six days after her confinement; kicked her, and knocked her into the street. Previous ill usage also showFn.- - " June-2. W. Woodcck-On MIay4, 1854, was sentenced to six months' imprisonment for savage assault on his wife, and was required to find sureties for six months after sentence. At that time he could not find sureties, and his wife begged him off. This.day (June 2,1855) he agn assaulted his wife, strildng her ion the breastandface. Xcwas again sentenced to six months' imprisonment, and sureties. fis wife, who had twins, was sent to the workhouse. In this case the magistrate expressed regret he could do no more. "June 18. Robert lIrniney-Assault on wife advanced in pregnancy within six weelks of her confinement; forocious asuitj:striking onface without provocation, grasping her throat, &c.' Woman wenit into hysterics- and could not proceed with her evidence. Case adjouried. " July 12. Two savage assaults on women were brought before Ir. D'Eynoourt, who is reported to have said, 'I reaUy did -lione that theseifearful assaults on women wero stopped inthbs district, at all events for a time, but it ap.- ers otherwise."-- - ; It wauldbe seen'thiat'some of those cases werelittle short of murder, in which, indeed, assiults upon -*omen and children freqie'ntly ended.'- The - fact 'that repetitions of the offence were iot uncommonshowed that the present act had not realizedathe expectationis' of its authors;, and, therefore, he-begged to move for leave to bring in.a bill to amend the act the-16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 30, for the better preventio'n and -punishment of aggravated assaults upon .women and-childreni.- - - r . - - Mr. -MIALL seconded the motion. I 3fr. BAYROWW would not oppose the introdnction of the -bill, but hoped'that befWor the second reading they would be supplied with more and better information than 'they now. -: possessed relative to the operation of'the present act. It would appear from the'statement bf the hon. member himself that the inflictioi of a more severe punishment had ratheS increased than diminished'the amount of crime. He was not surprised at that,-because hedid not believe that a longer'imprisonmeit than two months was of the slightest use in'deterrig offenders, andhe trusted thata better system of punishment would sooi be introduced. To subject a man convicted of an assault,' whether that assault consisted of a common blow or of acts of extreme violence to -the same brutalizing punishment; would be morelikely to induce him to repeatthe 6ffence thaxi'to repent ofhisconduct - - -Mr.BOUVERE,E -dict not-intend to object to the introductioni of the: bill, but trusted the'House would pause I before it consented-to restore a- punishment which had not I beei inflicted in'Erngland -fdr a long course of years. The I whippig of adults as secondary pmnishment -was contrary -to the whole spirit of our - criminal alegislaion. Nobody could szOpithize with the'- brutes in human form who were gulty of assaultsuponwlomeh and children; but donot let the House be led aay by itsfoelings to intoduce into ! our:criminal code a puaishmentbhich ae.-believed to be, epposed to every soind principle'of criminal jurisprudence,! and whichhewouldbo be ryor see inupon our statutebook. The only case in wthich 2e inflic'ion of corporal. :piinishment was no* authorized- hy liw was that of an -asault committed upon Her'i1'sty. No ground had -ben shown for eit&idinz it--to other offenoes. A Severenjinfia4h ' 7fars-' dy, attaThed- to Msaults p.women and childten, anad he thourht the .''Iouse was bound to wait uhtil the- present Law had iiern fairly tested- before' it rirted to-- theinfliction of bod r tottur.. te nAditted tiat'it had beei neesary to punish a-great nuniiher of persons under the existing act, but he hoped that thi Srieie lad been on the-whole diminishd and that we migi4 eaonab?J look fora Itiifrthierdocrease in future veart .iUnder tese circumstasmeu, altau,h might probably consider it his duty tooppo the' an Br. t. WILs sS said, -that the eases of 'wife-beatg lhichap=ead'Lostdaily in the newppers adia -grace to i;ngl,&nd_antoIhuxa&nItyit&elf. -A11 ldnds of imprisonmuent Ja een tried ndlailed* the, eriime .still con tinued; andhis co n vt wirs tliitt otliimg would affect a brute capable of miltr&tin' * wohbin a much'as subjecting him to the: saipe bodiilj,y"i which hie caused to others. I The passing of --an -cat authorizing the in1ction of corporal punishment had pompletely put an end to offences aginst Her Maijesty, and it ;hiii been'stated over and over again in that house that .discipline'couldnot be maintained in the army or navy *jthout the po*erofflog' . iHe-hoped the Government vo,uld support the present bill. The motion'iras then 'reed to, and thei billwas brought nandrad the fist tirue, - -. The Houseadjourned at half.pist 3 o'clock. ''We are rep,estea *-ito dte thatMr. ST-UORD Wagpre *vented attending the House .of -Commons on oiionday and -Tesdaynioonsequet(e of inid sition.
I - ADULTERA:TON OP FOOD, c.; .ommittee met: yesterday, in' oom No. 17; Mr. holefiedd in eth' chair. - :Dr. lNellaan, a 'ysician, residinj in- Dublin,- stted,be'had'had conoiderable-exe rience s regarded the adulteation of drugs- in' Ireland. 'He believed, generally, they ,,wermuech purer thin in ngland, and he attributeathis in a great measire, to the:ystemiof inspectioni adoptad by the College of Physicias, although there was nopunishmient inflicted, ini tjie case of adulteration being detected. In Ixeland 'no chymimat ',eould, eompound medicines unless he had undergon-e an examinatio- by the Apothecaries' Com.- pany ;-: aid- there was uo doubt 'th 'adulteration which' existedih dugislgay between,the druggrinder andthe wholesale druggists ciiefly In answer to a question by the'CHABI, .. 'Witness said, he did not thiiik- the appoimtmuent of sn inspector to examine dirugs in6d. wd ul" d be of much advantage. The diiggist% had no businets to Purchase any inferior'. drug. ' fte-referring to the 'case of Captain Eent, who. WJjS poisoned at Newry: owingto. the ignorance of the.apothe-' cary's asistaint in making upa prescrdption with acoite instead of another drug, Dr. Ne3lg2an said that the College of Pbysicians in Dublin,ha jutissued anorder that in future all apotheciries and. drs.do- keep 'medicines of a dangerous nature in square or angiuar bottles,' and thoee of a harmless nature' in round bottles, so that the most ignorant person taking up nuan ular'bottlew'ouldknow it contaxined a dangerous drug. Another order directed that in dispensing drugs and medicine6s or 'sellin; them to individuals in their shops, all linamentsand medicinesforexternal use should be soldisi~usqua*or augular bottles'and all those for inter. nal ase-be s,oldin ound bott,es.: Thus, any nurse. or other ,persotahldp up a bottle would know immediately whether at was for external or internal-se. .Astopricetherewasvery little difference between the round and square bottles; andthe druggists in Dublii were delighted with the idea, as it would be a great safety to,them,selves if the regulations. mentioned were enforced. He'did not thinkthere was any greatadulteration of food in Ireland; and as to what had been-aid with respect rto alu in ,bread, hethought it quite impossible it should ever exst inthe shapeof crysals, as theheatnecess to hale, the bread would- be sirflicient to prevent this. He had examined the so called "quack medicines." and had no doubtithey were most injurious, andthought some steps shouldbe taken toop the sale of them. 3fanyserious cases of illujess owing to., their use had. come under his own observ4tion. His opnion was; that all dispensers and sellers of drugs should be-licensed;.and if found sellingadulterated articles, they should be 'subject to. a fine, and. upon the secondtor third offeAce the licence.should be withdrawn. - - Mr. Ilhillip Ripley stated, he had .been 20 years in business as a tea-broker,.and in his opinion tea was an articleufree | from adulteration in this country. The ofily instance of adulteration in China was that of -the " lie tea,'"which was originally L imported' in 1847 to .the zamount. 'of about l10,OOOlb., and the qua:ntity- gradually' increased until it reached 500,00Dlb., whenit was found by the impSorters that there was no sale for'it, and, the manufacture had now entirely ceased. F Witness had been in China from 1847to 1851, and was sure there was no adulteration practised there. Probably s6ine substance was used to colour the teas. He believed smalt was -sed, but.the quantity was so small as to be i,nnoxions. It-aquite an error to-imagine green tea was produced by dxying it in coppef pans; it was the same plant as the black tea, only differently prepared. - Mr.' Weston 'said, he had. been' a tea-broker for 30 years, and Coufld confirm the. evidence of the last witness. No "ietea" bad been iI;the.marlcet since 1852, whenit was sold at &L'a,lo., while it "had cost the importers Is. From the experience,witness had on the mnark-et, -he was convinced. there was no article which reached the consumer in so pure a state as tea. - Mr. Iock, -wholesaet desler, also confirmed the statements made by the preceding' witnesses as to the purity of tea, and said he believed therevwas no adulteration practised by the retail ,dealers. The public were quite able to detect any adulteration. He did not think any system of inspection was required, and' any attempted fraud would soon die a natural death' - Mr. F. Cface Calvert, professor of chymistry at the Royal Institution, Manchester, stated, he had been frequently called upon to inqure'into .cases' ofadulteration, both of foed and drugs. Wtli6 'regard to food, his experence was derived chieflg from an-examination of the articles supplied by contract-to several large unions -in I.ancashire. He had found the wheat flour to be adulterated with potato starch and maize to the e.xtent sometimes of 74 per cent. ; and not only was theic this admit-ure, but frectently the four was unsound, and -this was - a most senous matter. The quality of the-four constantly varied; and it was often the -practice to buy wet and dam wed wheat at Liverpool, and,'fter 'it had been ldried, to mix it with a portion of good flour and sell it as such. 'Bread would' contain 40 per cent., of water, but the average cuantity found in the bread supplied to the Lancashire workh ouse, contained 5T per cent. -This 'the baker could force into the loaf jnthe process of working if-the bread were put into a pretty hot'oven, which would have.the effect of setting the gluten on the outside before the moisture coulld evaporate. TheaSddition of rice and potato starch would also canse the bread to hold more water. The milk supplied-to the unions he(Mr.Calvert) had found had been partly "creamed," and then 10 or 15 -per 'cent. of water added, although the contractors were bound tofurnish new milk. He had never discovered aany other adulteration in it. Oatmeal was generally-mixed. with rice and maize to bring down the price, and the-effect was thatit uade less " porridge," and was so fara-loss' to the ratepavers. :The tendency of all the adulterations was to lower the quality of the articles; and, as the scale of diet was only just sufficent topreservethe inmates of theunions in health, assuming the food to be of the proper nutritious quality, any adulteration which tended to lower this operated most prejudiciaUy upon the ,aupers. The guardians were generally in the habit of taking the' lowest tender if the articles were of the. same - quality, but no doubt -this- practice tended to -encourage the system of adulteration. Ho1{Mr. Calvert) believed that the competition in 'cheapness wzs one. of the greatest evils of the present day; and in Manchester, where there was such an immense population of -the lower class, this was most forciblv 'seen,sancdl the adulterations were so scientifically carried out that it required scienoe to detect them. He had examined 239 irticles supplied to the unions, andof these 138 were adulterated. or of. an impure quality. - Taling one union, with an expenditure of14,D000., there was an absolute loss, owing to the low quality of. the articles, of 2,2711; iu one year--to say nothing of the inury to the health of the paupers. . In- fac,. competition had -attained such a height that no honest' man' could supply the articles. With 'regard tb'- the adulteration of drugs, witness had examined 14 samples - obtained from as many different shops,' and.' the result of his analysis was that they were not of the' puty required by the English Pharmacopceia 'Calcined"magnesia' was adulterated 'with from 11-7 to 24'S per cent. carbonate of magnesia ; sulphuric Acid, with lead axdnitric acid; hydrochlornc acid, with sulphuric acid and iron; nitric acid, with hydrochloric acid and sulphuric acid. Solution of amimonia was generaUlly impure. The prescribed strength of 'laidaiium was '32 'grains -of opium to the fluid ounce, but the samples analyzed were found.to contain only from 12'59 to -21-13 g . Mr. Calvert explained to the committee the regaiations in force in Paris, where he had resided for 12 years, and said that the effect of .these regulations was thatthe drugs in Franc'eweFe emuch' iurer than in England ; and he was of opinion that'the appointmentiof aninspector in this country would have amost beneficial effect in every way. Mr. Calvert concluded by saying, he came forward to give evidence on publie grounds alone, and because -he felt that the present system of adulteration was most iniurious to all. more erpecally to the pcorer classes. Mlfr. A -J.-Eichardsofi, Inspector ofl Nuisances to the Board -of'- Healthat Newton-heithc-near-Manch'ester,-gave evidencey ms-to the -pracce 'of sellmig diseased meat in his district. He said,he .was in' -the habit of visiting ,the butcherssaud.: slauthte&'outese. 'and- :he, hIew that at the present time the " slinkbutchers," as they were called. were I sellingabont 12 distase4cows and 24 calvesin a week for the tn;pose of food.: '-Some ofthose animals had died from the 'tck disease," -which wasesupposed.to be contagibus, and wo'uld extend tot.hehuman frame. -the meat,thus sold wlas disguised in all; kinds of ways-in sausages, brawn, savory::duck,i'- &.e;; anid he was' sorry to say, even altho,gh a butcher might be convicted, yet the people ,still continued to frequent 'the 'Ehopi where: credit' was given. He knew' Also thai. liors-desh was extensively sold, ana made into sausages and other things. He wished to suggest to the commnIttc6 'thatthere should be rowergivento some central board, snm;ia- to -the boards of health in London and in 'the large towns, to order an analysis of animals supposed to have died of disease. At present there was no sufficient evidenoe tobriig before the magistrates to justify them in couvicting-in mau.ny cases.' Xeth6n'ght the inspectors should have power ,to inspect all- places suspected to contain diseased eatle or meat,- and to sei2e any such if discovered. The respectable porti,on of: tin 'working classes would be' dlgedto' have: som e protection against the vendorsl of .The com,mittee then adjourned until Wededy pi 2, at half-past.12-o'clock. li
r.-; :, . CHURWCHR"E5. ; TO TTO EDITOR OP'TIE TDIES. Sir,-One of you eorrespondents has pointed out a possible fir" for church-rates in the next generation, in spite of Sir G.- Grey's proposals. "'_'Allow me!e to suggest *noth(i4;,W1dic'he present generation may not unreasonably expect tb,witness, if anything like Sir W. Clay's bill b'om'es l a. - ' - - .The6,chureh-pe pie of a country- rish, in default of the old rato make a volunry' collction- Three of the."audit6s"C- elected.-in-<iiNf happen to bo Dissentefg .'They (the -majori ty).ovorha ffand~ ,dinister.the cWrich-' ,p*ple',3 voluntary offeregin xa way distateful to tie said 'chnrc4-pople, who 'feeling a rieved, decline any longe to collectInoney for the exercise of the said lDissentes' dmni. hihtrate-r ibifities; and. so there is-no rate ind no voluntary 0olection, and&.othing to-" audit,". save the cawing of r.oVkg round ti -olcrnmblintg.te. 'iism s no fancy picnr.e, but precselyw hat would happen in maY rural nsh. Your obedient servant. A GQOITNTRY YI7AR,
PA: .rLLrMitY ZrorleCr IHOUsE o'rP,*6I~ Tivmua±Y, XA1e 1- I . = : =-. wrn - P - n -L - - _- r. yllri%~ TO light h(M. bhon a inostbe e fo tbellJ t go, ethersetor. intheappenbdLnNo.2 of Mt c C the St&ate IAw-ommtimieMs, whi cmuis remsxkl M derLKer,apparently witIIchimpIIedwxteonor the ou =fie propetL, o this House having ordeed the ali; tne t-tho,t prit=zredwasadaittoatbz;epod 2i :o r p.ndauxthorityi4lheonijiWoness.- we VJWOnmt Cbelw-Tb ask the Attoney.oener.4 whether he ha rot gIurtiVtas -bix opinrou thlt %the Proiasilosof the m 1rioolis loved Maaent Act. 15 and 19 ict:i4, c. 120 sec.S l exilin vesui*, whcttjeberl or otberwie, are soereeded, and thel* porrs iainf tDo the vestns -Ustituedanderthbe Aid act . 31r.fEwa -To ak the Under4Secretary Sor tbe Colonies wbethesany Measures have been adopted to -do a-ay-ith the increao stteM to hae been Made in'the import duties on British mantu ree ba the Ieilative Cotundle aSewfounuland. o, the increase sted to have ben Made In the import dutise om =tth anufactures by theLegislative Council of Cse Coast Casle. Mr. Holland,-To ask the FirstLord of the Trasury whether thn attenton of Her Mkesty's Governmentl sbeen dmwn to the n tionoftheCrimeanTartaisinthe event of peaoe beiC estaliliAdI and the allied forces,. towards whom they irave shown themselvet riendly disposed, beingrecalled.l - * ColoDdnBeoldero,-Tputa que6Uon to the Clerk of the OnNazeg ! sweeted-with the supply of iron ordnance. I : M .r. lIut&Chin,-ToASKc the Fist Lord of the.Admiralt whether he will have anyobjection to lay upon the table of the Roure the report; of a series.otexperimentsmale n June. 1855, under the superintendence of CaPtan enman, on the effect praduce by Prideauxz' patent valre, both as to the saving of fuel andthe reductionof temperature athe irinEploie - M Mr. Ear%t, To nmquire of the 1Y-zs lord of the Treasury whether the cormniion about $o. be appointed an the system of purchase in the ary will have power to urquire into the sytem of promotUonx xdtbe.aytemsfeducation andeaminAtion on appoinent antI pea 6tan adopted in foreign armies S Bir George Tykr,-To askitbe First Lord of the Admiralty whether snyeSper btb have been made as to therelative power or redoe between lreaio red ad roLled iron plates for the conuction of boats; anxd. it so, whether there is- any objetion to state the reullt of5 those experiments. Mr. Bowyer-.To sk the First Lord of the Trsury whether thee in any truthin tibe nport that tbe attention of tbe FazsConference will be directed tothe affairs of Italy. Alto, whether the Sarrinian Governmeuthas gested or requesten thatany ant wabt matters of -Italian politicamay engage the attentior ofthe Conferencoe. Sir .I Xapier,,c:.SeItcb Committee to 'ruire into the operatioa Cs the Uritish Seet jnthe Ualtic in thfysars854ad 155... Colondi-Worth,-That this House will recolve itsif into a committae to considerof an address to Her Majesty, that she willbe graciouwi pleased to give directions that the annual sum of £5DO be paid to th& .ieutenantgvernor of Portarouth for table money. Mr. Xactrtuey.-Addrem for copie of communictionsbet the Oranoesrid War Departrnentaad tbeEncloem-e Conrissionem . zesetnthe.cnltinar&pur'ow r f certin eNteusive scts.n jcommonianda in the parishes of ¢Alde mnott, Ash, t, ioriniitfiry po- Mr. L.Xinr.-Bill to repea i tLtuteawhich can leepumg and notiause. : - t - Mi. Mullingi-Bilfto trDnfer to a distnct comt the testamentu9 uribdictin o£ e }FclSire1ial and other courtr, and to amend th* Jn in.wla'tionatomatters testamentary. I Mr. T. Dunoombe,-Address lor return of the sum voted for thb NationalVaccneInstitution zia .m 1833, the-appropriationof rub, sums, and the amount Paid to each party engagedin canying out the vaccination act or actV Viscount Dtncn,-To nominate the select committee on Ordnane survey of Sootland~-,.-Visonat Duncan, the Lmor Advocate, Mr. B. -Denison, lMr. Stephenson. Mr. Tite. Lord Eleho, Zlr. Stirling, Mr. L,affan, M,r. Baxter. Mr. Dunlop. Mr. 7B. Bllice. Ihr. W.Lochat Mr. Smol S 6ir H. Davy, and the Mfarquis of E-aford five to p bo Colonl Frnch-~Copies of contract entered into for'the supply off ~eEPwlur,vy with spiritsron th- 24th day of April, 185s, o th& )4r. Gladstone,-Address for copies or extracte of recent corse. -Iondenoeoncoloniaichurchaffairsinthe dioceses of the colonies ot Canada andV'Fltor'W: Mr. Gladsk-Address for copies or extra of reoent correpondence relative to the church affairs of the diocesA of Jamaica. Mhr. Cobbett,-Addressfor copy of anopinion (ifinwriting) presente& to Sir George Grey, by Mr. John latt of Oldhamn, on the 1th day aC February, 1956,.concerning the practicability of carrying out the Fattory-L;awarecently interPreted by Lord Campbell together with arn official comrmuriestionsgnade to- 6irGeorge Grey by the factoryin.- spector since thedate of their-last-joint report, concerning the feincen of mBll-geiring or machinery; alho a return of any isntructions ad[ dremsed Y, the inpectors,of Sactories to the cuh-inspectors since the.- date of tbeirlast jointreport, with regard to the fencing of miUllgerinrg or machinery.- Xlr. Gbly.-Retu nrofauy lss, being b of imue previooalto. :the passin, of the act' 7'h asjd 8th of Victoria, chap. 32, which haye, eas-ed toaisgue their o-rn netes, and of the amount of circulation of' such banlk;i respectively. made up to the present date. ColoneliGilpin,-Address for return of the number of men in each regiment of militia who refus-d to be re-attested under the circulr from the War Department, datedMarch 27.18I. .Mr. S;pooer-.-gReturn of the amount of Xxchequer-b111s changed. and the amount of Exchequer-bills paid in money. in thernontha or March and June in. the years 185°, 1853, 1854L and 185I. and in the, month ofiMareb, 1$iO nndtheanounat of Exchequer-bills nowot Siandllng.l -r. Dublrep,-Address for return of al the records or registen& general. and particul.- in Scotland, other than books of courte for thereglstrationof ,leeds, sasines, in ibitions, adjudications, protests. and every other legs.lins rurerntnr 'writ. -nxrnZP.S Or lUU AXy. CantLle Canonries Bill-Second reading. Tria of ffenoesE r(Lords)-As amende4, to be considered. Commons TEdlnere BiU-Oousiderationc-f Lords'Amendment. Commisetoners of uply tSoan i ttee. Iteformstory Schools (Scoland) Bill-Cmo ttee. Draughte on Bahkera Bll-SEecond readirg. Married Women's Reversionsry Inte-est 33ili-Commlttee.
WOMEH AND W4ATOHWOBK. TO THi EfDrTOR Ol1o THE TIlS. Sir,-Thilosophers genera-y admit that nature abhors a -acuum. -Could there be any doubt upon this point, therm are some 50,000 women in London alone who are ready to. bearindisputzble testimony to thefact. Their own feelings. have long ago made the fearfol discovery that the daily prayer for dily bread finds the cupboard stiMl empty and.. the sixipenny shirt half sewn. How few of the governing clamses know, or care to know, that there are may thounnds. of full-grown women who are driven, in the wealthiest city, in the world, to give 16 hours' labour a-day for the Price oF half-a-quartern loaf, ana that they often fail to get even-that I -- Pious men offer no practical remedy, but direct the help. less needlewoman to leave her desolate garret on the Sun. day, iniorder that the pulpit may tell her that " the earth is: the Lord's and the fulness thereof." She has heard that before.! She asaks accordingly for bIead, but society gire her a stone. The struggle for to-day's morsel in a Christiam land is as bitter as ever, withont the slightest hope that it il be lessened to-morrow or to-morrowx month. * It lias occurred now and then to a thoughtful mind thatc this condition of things is scarely creditable to a people who boast that theirs is the glorious privilege to teach the nations how to live. Surely thehelpless, hopelese, destitution of so many well-disposed women must demana Bome potent change in our arrangements. It is to be re. membered, too, that before they can be driven in multitudes to practise daily starvation they must have descendecI step by step through a series of cruel privations that shock- their best feelings and dry up every source of hope anc. energy within them. Who can tell us, then, any rea and substantial remedy that can alleviate such deplorable distress? Nomanneedsany apology for making the attempt. My planhmay at first seem too good to be true. But whileI speak of a manuficture within my own knowIedge, and to which I kave devoted my life, I maybe, perhaps, entitlet to a hearing. The .pocket-watch is an artcle of commerce of universal demand. The sale can be increased to an indefinite e;tent in every corner of the civilized globe, if -we will but producea trustworthy tiuiekeeper at a very moderate price. TheSwissare our only competitors. But whiletheEnglish first. class *atch retains its old and well-deserved reputation the Swi-ss are beating ui in every market in the price of secondr and third class vatches. They give our mode], as acc tst and of greater elegance, cheaper by 3or 40 per cent., duty paid, io our ov.n doors... Their superiority arises from a system wvhich is no secret, forIhlm~ave recently laid it before many large audiences. Their admirable method of public education is one of the chief causes of their success They know an ignorant. can never be a sldlful workman. Tle next cause of theirsuperiority lies in a minute subdivision of labour, in which. they attach the utmost importance tD the peculiar delicay of touch possessed by the female hand over that of the more clumsy-fisted man. There are parts of the mechanism. of sutch exquisite delicacy as to demand the nicest possible. manipulation. Why, then, in our stupidprejudiceagainst theemploymenxi of women, will we reject what will give us the maxiinurm oE quality for the minimuca of cost? 'Why refuse the ready meas that will enable us soon to compete with the Swiss both in the home and foreign mar. 3kets ? Iast year only 185,000 watchs were made in Greal Britain, while the6 ciiton of _feufchtel sent out 1,5000,0 0 The manufacture has departed entirely from Paris, and we may dread a similar catastrophe unless we reform ourpre. sent unscientific plan . I am prepad to explain how this. may be accomplished, t.he two prime requisites being a wellarranged syitei of education, like that of the Swiss, anal the gradual employment of some thousands of those womenwho are no*.forced to drag on a profitless existence on a pittance barely enough to keep a dog. This reduction of the price would ao greatly extend thes sale as to give additional demand for all those portions or the work for which the manes hand is best adapted, while tothe women of London would be operned up a souroo of remuneration that would benefit alike the producer and theconisumer. Its cleanliness and lightness would well suit the natural conformation of- the woman's delicxte fingers, and being: done at her home woula never be n6:essarflydetrimental to the due performance of her. domestic duties. Yours reE-Dctfullv. JO}N REN'NFEP7' 65, Cheapgid% March 12.
A NEW TRA SImIo oOF TBE B}BIE.-The 1ISf of petitions to Parlianent just published includes one front a respectable congregation of Christians at Newington-gieen, pmying for an inproved version of the Bible, on account of the inaccuracies and errors with which the authonized version abounds. The petition was presented by Mr. Heywdod, 3LP. .[ :dvertisement.-4"The HIistory of France, from the Z&Iist eTid t th rrkmtTime.` 33y Thomas Wright. Bog.. MA.. F.S.,L, &c., UosrrMonding Member of the ImperitnaUmtita cDE Fr~re..&ulio ofth Hitor ofScolan,"tho "Historyof Ireland," kc boPxtc I..price will benp bli on te 15th farch. The orkwiIlbebaeUo~l1 prntedon mpei al B., andembellisbetl iba aeies of engravings n the hith style of Art.' PartI.wIcontam 45zea of ltEtherpr ad- portraits oNpleo L and Napo- CHibieoout,ldinegChs,st' aspS IondSon: and 55. Dey-street. cwr York->To bead of i~.lbookne:ssnd "tthe raitwdtation3 [Advertisemuent,J-" ROeo D'Albret;a Tale of 'Ioub]ous f ns-by'..ublihed thi_dayin the "Parlour IAbray," price Id fd. In this a are new edton of tbeHon. N' 'Xrtou's 'hSArtofDun]eoth,' Id "TwrOldMen'aTaes,"la C*tin MaynReifcd' *Scaip Himtea" lt Sd. 0. P. 1'. Jame "...ar of Biurgcundy." Ir.- *'Fored Dex" 1t "Ful Heir.o Lac. 11KIitfeed's *OoNntrySoe,1x an Mn. Hall's"The Outlawv" an historical rounce of thedime of WQillian Ill., PrinDO of Orange, wll he ieadyon te hatof April. to be foollOwd h;#-mao the *iest popular and stndard works of aCtion in tbe English 1an mD ho ra ,~o 1;, Paternate'rw. and by order of nep
ar-BYMAB,KATad CITY INTELLIGBNJCE. Wednesdy } Cmdm& 'The English funds have been very buoyant to-day, and have experienced an improvement ofthree-eighths per cent. Although no positive news hIa been received regarding the progress of the Coin1erences, a feeling of increased corfidence prevailed .ato the proepects of a speedy and satisfactory reiult, 'which led to an active speculative demand for stock, as well as to numerous purchases on the part of the public. -Consols for money, which closed last evening at 91k, were first quoted 912 to &, whence -they steadily advanced to 92. From this there was but a slight reaction, the closing price being 92 toQ. :or the 17th of April, after having touched 2b, they left off at 92g. The market was assisted i- the anorning by the firmness of prices yesterday at Paris, -whence accounts were subsequently received of a- further considerable rise. Consol Scrip- closed at'2 apremium; 3Exchequer Scrip, 1 premium;- India-- }onds, 7s. to 3e. discount; ERchiequer-bonds, 98i Io A; and Exchequer-bills, Is. discount to is. preunium. --- The EAst India Company lent 30Q001)l. fo-day lipon stock at 5 per cent., and the demandfor moniey in the Stock-excbange was consequently much mitigated. At the' ]ank of' England; likewise, althoigih the applications were fiiuneroui, there-was oan absence of any seriouspresur-e. In the discountanarklet generally there was no particularRalteration. 'To-morrow, in consequence of 2,000,0001. being due ~on the new loan, an extraordinary demand is anticpated. Foreign securities generally were less flin towards the close'of- business, sales having then increased. Turldsh formed an exception, the Six per Cents.' xeing negotiated at 96, 96-, and I for money, and 97g for the account. TheFourper Cent. Guaranteed ;Stock was negotiated' at 100 and 100I, the' final uotation being 1004 to i. ' The other transactions 'comprised-3razilian Five per Cents.,- 1004; Ecuador Ner ConXsolidated, --14; Mex:ican,; 20 and20q ; iPeruvian, 79k, 5, and 7'9;'the Three per Cents., ^64; Eussisn Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for 'noney, 92; for the account, 92a; -Spanish Three per Cents., 434; the New Deferred, 244 and J; Passive, 7; Dutch Four per Gent. Certificates, The corn-market was very firm this morning at the rates of Monday, and in some instances there -was a further recovery of Is. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were *72f. 80G. for money and 73f. 35c. for the end of the month, showing a further improvement of three-qua4ers per cent. At Amsterdam the stock-market iremains without alteration, with the exception of a further rise of more than one per cent. in Portuguese. The Vienna quotations exhibit a tendency to distrut, the funds having slightly declined; while. ,the exchange on London has become neirly l;J per dcent. less favourable for Austria. -. Small -amounts of gold coin continue to be remnitted from Paris, and the rate of exchange is very frm. At Hamburg there is a renewed pres3ure for money, and the rate of discount has again advanced to 5V per cent. A prospectus was issued last week; of an underakcing, to be called -the Trinidad Bituminous Fuel Company, with a capital of S0,0001. Its iproposed .object is to convert the nmaterial supplied by the 'large pitch lakze in the island of Trinidad 'into a fuel fitted for steam, and other purposes; and, ac4cording to the prospectus, a sum of 6,0001.4 together vith a permanent royalty of 2s. 6d. per ton, is toe 'be paid to the proprietor of an estate adjoining the Iake, by whom the requisite method has been die,covered, and who 'has obtained from the local ,Government the exclusive privilege of the manufacture for 14 years. The following letter has now -been received, alle-ing in effect that the process-has long been im common use, ' that there is no necessity iforthe payment of any royalty, and that no ad'vantage is to be obtained from the privileges said to rave been granted. Whatever may be the weight of this contradiction, publicity is desirable for it, since it will probably draw from the company, whvich appears to be respectably constituted, some expla;nation to remove the possibility of any future -doubt upon the subj'ect:-- "Acompany bein- announced iu 2%ci2Ymesunderthe title of the Trinidad °Bituminous !uel Company, to manifacture fuel from the bitumen of the pitch aF-e of Trinidad, on the principle of a patent granted by the Legislature of Trinidad to the Ron. Captaim Cochrane, which principle 'consists in mixing wood shavings with the bitumen, and then burning this composite fuel with coal in equal qaantities, as was done by the engineers in the trial experiment .on board the Lady of the Lake steamenr, ' I beg leave to inform you and the public that it is and has been the 'common practice for many years past to burn the pitch *of the pitch lake in equal quantities with coal in the stea2ners plying on the Guilf of Paris, between Port of sSpain, San Fernando, La Brea and Cedras, and that the ,pstch has been used for many years as fuel, in conjunction with wood, by the planters in the neighbourhood of the 3ake and by HIr. Ioguenaude, a distiller at San Fernandoza fact well kinowfn to the Earl of Dundonald> who, I believe, nspected the distillery v-when he wasin the island. "The American steamers plying on the Orinoco, when 1,ssing Trinidad, take an uantities, which iDurn with 'wood; it requires about five times its tey in wood to take up the excess of bitumen when the piteh is burnt in the usual fireplace of an engine furnace; therefore the few shavings interspersed with the pitch prepared ac.cording to the patent are totally inadequate forthe purpose, and the fael so manufacthred woul no urn, exceptmig in combination with coal in the proportion which has 'been in common use in Trinidad for many years past any 'hopes of profit therefore from a monopoly of manufacture .on the plan proposed by the company must end in loss and 'disappointment to the shareholders. "T e average price of coals for the estates in Trinidad is Z dollars, or 20s. per ton, and, although' the planters can get -the pitch for a small advance upon the freight, excepting when the estates adjoin the lake, there is no demand for the 'itch as fuel, it being found that coals alone are both .beaper and more convenient thanrthe pitch, buntas before 'lescribed. "i Every person who has seen the wonderful pitch lake is impressed with the feeling of its marvellous intrinsic ue and the desirableness of adapting it for commercial i?urposes, especially for fueL and attempts have been made at various times to accomplish this object, but they have all h itherto ended in its being burnt in -combination with coal in the identical manner proposed by this company. - " It is due to the public and the respectable gentlemen ishose names appear upon the prospectus that they should De made aware of the facts I have stated, and which will be -a rroborated by ever West India raerchant connected with 'arinidad residing in londoh; and if the directors wish to ;nake the experiment of burning the crude pitch, without the patent shavings, with equal quantities of coal, they may ;get any quantity of pitch they may require at the Trinidad Asphalte Works atkotherhithe, and they will find the re.tlts very much the same as those quoted in the pro-pectus. "Imay state, in-conclusion, thatIhave passed many yers -emylife inTfnidadandhadalargeestate in the island, andI shall be rejoicedto witness the introduction of capital tnder judicious management, and with a well-considered -bject applied to develope the great natural resources of the island; but I should much regret to see money invested in a patent plan which is already' in common use, aid wTich has not safficient merit to induce planters to use it -without paying any royalty or other charge, excepting a :small advance on the freights, which must be attended with ass and disappointment, and must tend to discourage the pplicatiom of capital to objects of a more mertorious pbe rEater i onncaio. withO,i.J .,, Westndian interests .generalwy. " I remain, Sir, your obedient servaut, "A -EX-PLABPER At an adjourned meeting of tshe E:ast Indian Iron Company, held to-day, Mr. B. W. Crawford prersiding, the report and accounts wrere unanimously .sdopted. It was stated that the works will eventually 7:e further developed. Machinery has been de'spatched for the purpose of accelerating the produc-fon of iron, and the tests applied have proved en- -c-uraging. Arrangements have been made for supplying the Mradras Railwfay, anld it is also expected -taat the company will be enabled - to enter into con-actswiththe local authonties for providing the -descriptions necessary to carry out general improve unents. The construaction of waterworks at Bombay is also expected to increase the consumption, and under these circmstances confidence continues to be -felt in the ultimate sucess of the enterprise. At Forto N'ovo the supply of fuel has been diminished 'b7 the Government having absorbed for their own 'vorks the onlyavalable labour. Annexed is ana-stract of the report:-- "The directors have to report satisfactory pro-"ress in the prosecution of the objects of the company ug the pst half-year. The blast-engine machinery has been completed, andlongsince forwarded to its destinaton. The 'di-etors are happy to state that their endeavours to secure to r. Beaumont the assistance of a competent superm-ndent and wvorkmen well versed in the details of wood full mnagement have be:en successful. September last an enga.ement was concluded with Mr. A. Hopfgartner, of th 3 Imperial works of Neuberg. in Styria, and m November -th-tgentleman, accomanled bya practical asistant and 'c erkmen, aried at Bypore and entered upon the dis- churge of his duties. Mr. lMaylor, who arrived at Beypore en the 30th of September, has been appointod to the immediate charge of the works at Porto Novo, where he has bea succeamully employed in introdacing the system of paymeet a ng to the qentity of iron produced, as practiued mn this country, in lce of paynt! by tho daya change from which great economyI and advantage are expected to be derived. Ini expla-. ustion of the results of the past year havias falleni ahort of their expectations, the directors referred vn their| repoat of August last to the loJs they hadunfortunately sustamed of the services of three of their European officers as one chief cause of the operations of the company not hbving been carniedto an *xtent sufficient to repay the exenses of its fixed establishment. They have now to notice with equal regret unexpected difficulties of a different nature, which, though of a. temporary character,. have much affected the interests of the company at Porto Novo. For many years the supplies of fuel for' the i*orks had been dnran fron certan jungles in the neighbouring districts, in Mhich the. exclusive pri'iIege of cuttin% Wood for their purposes had-been leased to the company by the Government, with a'reserved right of tlingfuel.forits oWn Purposes. In the.early .part of las -year th'e Goverunent, having determined ipon the construction of three bridges of considerable magnitude on the linieof' the. coast-road passing near Porto 'Novo, called upon the company's agent at the works,to stdtewhat'qnuartity of fuel. he would undertake. to furnish from, the leised-jungles 'towards the supply of the requirements of the Government for limae burning and, brichku=kng.'_for tho :.bridgesJ The collector of the, distxict was immediately infonned by h£r. Beaumont that any detetnuination on 'the part of -the-Governmeit to draw it fuel from the'juirgles in ques,tion would seriously affect the interests of the company at the worls, and urged upon the'Government to leave them in undisturbed posseision of'the jungles. While the matter, however, was under discussion, a. decision was antici¶ pated by the executive officer in charge of the Government 'works'eintering an,d taking posnesion of th jungles; and, a further 'appeal having prov,d ineffectual, the company has been left to,find its fuel-in more distant sources of supply. Happly. 'foz the company'sd interests,' the new works now 'being eiected at Nenieperty and Trinomallee will hereifter be sufficient to keep Porto Novo supplied with charcoal pigs forall general purposes of manufacture, and thus releve them from dependence upon the neighbouring districts for fuel for smeltin purposes. The directors are able to add 'with satisfaction that stores. of ore and fuel are being accumulated at both the ne* vorks, in anticipation of the arrivl of' the machineiy, and that at Beypore the introduction of the system of conturcting for suepposto be delivered at the works ,has been attended with complete success. The directors are enabled to report. a constant demand for their pig iron in this-countzy, at re munerative prices." The Dawstone has arrived from Sydney, lbut is not believed to have brought any gold on freight.
STATE OF TRADE. NOTTINGRA, WEDmESDAY. The lace trade is very active. We have much more doing at the present time than at a similar period last year; the lace season is earlier than usnaL There is a good demand for the home market, and the better class of goods are in active inqviry. Employment is abundant. The high price of raw material is severely felt by those manufacturers who produce the inferior class -of goods, where weight is important. In hosiery there is a good deal doing. Buyers are numerous, and the operati*es are exceed ly well 'employed. TheAmerican arrivals are expected shortly. On the whiole,the general state of the ~hosiery trade is very satisfactory. Wcels are firm.__
THE CORN TRADE. COR1-EZC}GEAW WXD2r: SDAY. MActC 12. The arrival% although not lrxre, bare increased, and prinipally con ist offoreign wheat and ota. The supplies of nglish it wil he perceived, are very limited. The trade, generally, is steady, with ittle alteration. Yn oatg, however, there is a Plight tendency to decline. RnrUVAXR * fHULL, ARCE 11. There hasbeen a growing and decided change in tore and feeling throughout the trade during the past week; theopanie seems arrested,. and men begin to think more soberly on the extent of relief to be affordedbypeace,whenthatpeace isconsumnmated. The weekceloses withLa decided 2%. recovery of value upom wheat, all kinds of spring orn participating in the improved demand. - - Woehfadte-dayavery sheort sfuepplbyof wshweat from thhefanners, and, q botfacossandmileraein fre hpey, w qutethe market ifU Is. to 4s. per quarter dearer than last Tuesday. A etter sale for foreign als>. Barley in geod request. Beaus15. dearer.' Oats, of fine quality, more ready sale. Linseed firm, and getting into small compass ; cakes we are obliged to raise our quotations for. L he market unnltered for bones. DUBLIN, btgItsr IL Ourcorn-market to-day participated in the improvedtone of the London market of yesterday for wheat, and there was less disposition on the Part of holders to press sales, and we note this artice 64. to Is. dearer. Thins barley and oats steady, at about the currencies of Frdday, but raiddling and inferior vere very difticult of sale. No chauge in Indian corn.
RATMWAY AD CAA Bius.-The reporb of the Board of Trade to the House of Commons on the ralway and canal bills of the present session, published yesterday, shows that the number of bills for railways in Great Bntain deposited this session amounts to 91, of which 65authoiize new works, including 39 by new and 26 by existing companies. The length of line proposed to be executed by the new companies is in England 146 miles, in Scotland 262, and in Ireland 65 miles; and the length of -line - proposed to be executed by old companies in England 174 miles, in Scotland 11, and in Ireland 18, making a grand. extent of 473 miles by newv and 203 miles by existing companies. The total length of new lines is, therefore, 676 miles, and there are also 42 miles of deviation and 14 projects forenlarging stations, &c. The Boardof Trade intimates thattherecommnendation ofthe Select ComnitteeonRailwaAand Canal Bils in 1853, that nonewscheme shouldbeallowed toproceed without effectual security being. given for its' actual and immediate completion, will to some estent be defeated, if the time originally allowed for the completion of the works be extended by subsequent acts. 7There are five intra-metropolitan lines included in the above list, and the recommendation of the Royal Commission - of 1846 is pointedly referred to by the Bord of Trade. This-was to the effect that if at any time railways should be admitted within the metropolitan limita it should be done in conformity with some uniform plan, authorized by Government and sauctioned by Parliament; and that under no circumstances should the thorouyAfares of the metropolis and the property and oomfort of its inhabitants be aurrendered. to separte and independent schemes. The schem6o for improving the Thames is Derticularly referred to in this respect. The billsw hich this part of the report *oIld seemi to affectare-te Mletropolitsi Railway Bill,lthe Provincial ailway (Joint Station) Kill, the Thamse Embankxwnt ad,llalway BilL. the Westminster Terminua "Riliaw 'U andthe Wotminster Termius (West ondon
R BArLWA Y INTELlIGENZCg. i . . . CORK AND BANDON. A specal meeting of this company was held yesterday at the ofloe, Gracechurch-street, to consider the propriety of authorzing the dir'ectors to raise a certain sum on preference shares - 31r. S. Lewis in the chair. Mr. Wood,.the secretary, read,the notice convening the. meeting. The HAIRMAJN explained that the bbject of the meeting was to authoriza the directors. to create the remainder of Etheir preference shares, amounting to 20,000!., for the purpose of meeting the liabilities of the com'pany. After the able statement of hisfriendhMr. Bates atthe last.meeting, as to2 the necessity asnd eediency of the measure, it was unnecessary for him to troublethem wiith any observations on that sub- ect. Since the last meeting a 'committee of directors-was appointed for the.purpose of relieving the companyfrom its ' ry ernbarrassmeata They called upon the shareholders generally, and the Irish shareholders in particular, to come forward aud 'assist in rescuing their valuable property before it.was too late. He,was lsappy to say that the progress of their traffic was- satisfactory.. He then moved a . formal resolution authorizinig the directors to create ne'i- preference .shares- to the extent of 20,000?. in shares of 51. each, to be entitled to al guaranteed dividend -at the rate of 6 per cent. per annuin until the 51st of December, 1863, and thereafter to a. guaranteed dividend of 4 per cent. per annum in. perfetuity; thatin casethere shouldnot be-enough of-the net revenueto pay thewhole of th'e gu;ranteed interest in any. half-year, dleferred dividend warrants rwould be issued for *the arrears, and theamount should constitute a debt of the-company; thedeposit tobe2. pershare, and the new shares to be. offered-rateably to all the shareholders.of the company, whether preference or original. Mtr. Fnnousoy- seconded the mnotion. Mrr. BATES, a director,-said, he was glad to say that the improvement in their traTfc continued; the returns showed an increase of 30. per week' during the past nine weeks .over the corresponding period of last year. Should the present increase continue, he had no dolubt that the preference claims-would be'all met, and there would eventually be scniething for the original shareholders. Since the last balf-yearly meeting a financial committee was appointed, to snake arrangements for the liabilities of the company. They bad seen all the bondholders having debentures falling due - in the present year, and, although some of them -were dissatisfied at not receiving payment for the bonds, yet after explanations they all agreed to renevi their bonds. Thus 18,000!. of the company's liabilities -were arrrangedL. They were obliged to offer anadditional rateofinterestasaninducementfor the renewalofthe bonds. This would makesomedifference in theamountof interest they wouldhaveto pay, and .whichinthe course of two yearstheywould be abletoreduce. He was glad to say that 6,0001. of the new capital had been taken up and paid. upon. Nearly all the }iVlish shareholders ad come in and agreed to transfar their. subscriptioss from the Dublin committee to the board -of directors. On the whole, the financial committee had succeeded to as *gre It an extent as could have been expected. If evervsharehiolder would now come forward and contribute his proportion of the new shares he had no doubtthe company would right isel ina very short time. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Fricms thought the terms for raising the capital were not sufficiently temptinn to induce the shareholders to take up their proportion of it. Other compa ies in better oondtison than theirs had recently given higher terms for new osital. . . Mr. BATES did not think it desirablr to give a higher rate of interest, and he had no doubt the terms would e found sufficient to raise the capital they required. The resolution was then put and carried unanimously. MIr. WHz, with a view to carry. out, the operation for raising the money, proposed, on the part of the:existig preference shareholders, that they should forego 1A. per cent. of the interest to.which they were entitled, ana take 4 per cect. for a certain period instead of the 51 per cent.. to which they were entitled. - Ile trnsted that all the - preference shareholders would agree to that, as it would tend to improve thie position 'of their property. -he resolution was unanimously agreed to, and the proceedings concluded with a vote of.thanks to the Chairman. LANCASTER AND OARIJSLE. *The traflic receipts on this line for the half-year ending the 31st of January amounted to 159,1697., and the extenses to 69,737'., leaving a balance of 89,432!. The available blance for dividend amounted to 88,5991., of which 57,2361. was. absorbed bythe dividend at the rate of 73 per cent. per annum for the half-year on the ILancaster ana Carlisle Stolrand2G,717O .forthe-Lanciaster and,Presto-roportion of the-net traffic;. leaving a balance of 4,6521. for the next account. The receipts on the line for the half-year averaged 1,768. per mile, and the worling expenses -7741. per`mile; leavng a Profit on the working of 994?. per mile. * - PAST bF FIEm. Mr. Fitzroy ieported from the committee on this company's bill that the proposed deviation which, is to be authorized by it is to be made out of funds which the company are at presentauthorized to-raise. The length of the propoe deviation is one mnile and siS chains; the steepest gradient being 1 in 219. The estimated cost of the deviation -is 4,8001. Mr.-J:. Wo'od'xsthe enxgineer examined in sLpport of the' biU,-and the committeelwere satisfied of the fitness in an engineerinIg point of viewf of th opsdei tion line of railway, thepoposeddevi&. TRAFFIC RETURNS. BMies raa- Mer. Total, TotaL, Biwail . , open. seer.anise 1. sss. Weet endini Feb.28. 2 ' £ . ZftriaAntonia .. .. _ . - .. - .. 136 .. 295 Week ending 31arch 1. EdinbrrghandGlasgow . 142 .. 5..104 -. 4,399 Week ending March 2. Caledonian ..- 1 .. .. - , - . 10,519 -.,85 Great Nothern . -.. 2s3 - ... - .. . 21,75I 19,502 Knorth Staffordshire ........-.- - . -68,6i2 4,93D Week endingMazch8. . . Cerkand Bandon ... ... -. - .. - M. -. 257 Dublin and Wic'low .. 3.* - .. - ... 366 .. 164 Bdhst andBalinea .. - .. 459 389 .. si3 .. 852 CoZ, BIackrock, and Pa- "a .I - -' ..- .. - - 16-. 127 Week endingac 9A London and South-WeBtem - .. J,707 .4.12t .. 1Z2,S .. 11,336 jLondonandaorth-WeBtem 553 . - .. - .. S,021-.. 53,6 IManchester, SbeMeld, and LiDODOabir .. . .. - - . . . 8,283 ?,903 BdUtand OountyDown.. - - . . - . . t. 2 * Tbe slbove 3seind df th2fie3md a greeent wi th iE liondon aa4 20ith-Weetern Railway Conpa2nr. C4 3&limp,edal by ice Ii56. t The retumr,ars puUi5bed, aic ero usive Of sho ttanioof Ut1e Hu4. 4e-fieIia c~, Bhxpwbznion. NocthUnbon. Inet~ nnd. W re. outh Juzwtioo. Mlancbe.er andB Bux . and Bkie XItilo s Icuiug b'Sf of the Machef ter, Boutfi Sunctlon. .ir Itdnint receilpta GrimsDlock dutie.. &., irnd fhesteffie1d C1 iA>,
THE POISOHZAHG BY STBYCHIIXZ -A,I2 LREDS. I ' S~~~~, WXDNXDAYAbrnm-,O. I-The doumed inquet-on-the-body-of IMrsHarrSet'l,'ove was:re.amed thix morning at o'ciock before Mr. BIicburn, tbo borough coroner. The courthouse wrs agas crowded to overflowing, Tery great interest being miianifeeted inthe prooedmns. r.Beret,s tor,4 xWtanded oh the part of the pnsoner, Mr. W. D)ve the -hu.bend of the deceasedL. ; In the report of 1i?.3orley's-evidencen, nZ Timnes: Of Tuesday it was statd thAt tbe decad wpregnnt at the time of herdeath.. 'ThisWas anerror,;cau=e hyl.Mr&orley ,rping hix voice.at the-time he gave that portion of his evdenoo, his alluion was to a pArticular statte of body of the deceased atherde#th, and ifot to pregancy. he deceased vs not pregnant at the time. The $rtt witness examined to-&y was Es. Witha, 'who ras previouly examined -on 1"iday, and her former esideice has already !hJen given in 77w 5Time. To-day she said-During the week precedingrIrs Dove`b death I do not semember how often Mr. Dove administered the medicine. I remember his doing. so on Saturday ight, but I don't remember any other time. On Sunday, .the lOth of Febr-a azy, I had a conversation with Mr. Dove about poisonging the cat. I 'was in Mrs. Dove's bedroom after dinner, when Mr. Dove came in and brought a small packet like a powrder pAket, andsaid, "I have broughtsome strychnineto-pobon eome cats writh." I saidX IhopeyouwlIltakecarewheroajog put the-poison, Mr-Dove, as am afraid of m dog etting itifyopUbtitin the y&~" He said-hewould tae cae and fasten the yard door. 'He went downstir and took it with him, and I aid to Mrs. Dove, "I do hope he will take cre of that poison," and she said, VDon't be.afrxid." On the 17th of February, between 6 and 7 o'clock in the evening, he came into my house and asked me to go and sit with his wife. I said to him, "I think ybur poison -hasuot, taken effect," for I had seen the cat on Thursday.. It was a cray and white cat. He aiad,. "You're mistaken - the cat aied last night. I gave it another dose on the Thr I" or "the Friay," 1 don't-know which he saicd I don't know that there was anything said by him about another cata nor do I remember anything more being saida, Mr. Dove, on the night of rs. -Dove's death, administered the medicne-about B. Mr.. Dovebecame illa quarter of anhour afterwards, andMr. Dove then leftthe house. le returned about 10. When he returned I diduot observe whether he was drunk or sober. I left the house about 11 I donIt know whereMr. Dove was at thst time. Mlrs. Dove died about 20 minutes to- 11, and het went out. As soon as the doctor went away NMr. Dove left the house. On Saturday there was something saidabout the Leeds newsaper, butit was not said in his presence. Since I was last examined I have been able to reco2lect that it 'ws on. Th}rs day nigght, the 28th of February, that llrs. Dove had an attack of spasms. I 'wentinto the house that night about 7, and found her in bed. I believe she was in spasms when I went in. They were the same twitchings, had seen her have during the weelk, but theywere not so violent as on the Saturday she died. She was perfectly-sensible. I had not seen any medicino given. to. her that night. She did not say when the spmass had come on. I stayed with her that night until about 8 o'clockl. at 'which time she wa better. She took a draught Mr. Morley had: sent; I belive Mr. Scarth was in the room when it was attempted to be given her. On the following (Friday) morning I went in about 10 o'clock. She was better when I went iU- than she was the night previous. r. Dove 'was i the house when I went iu, and shortly afterwards he left.. I stayed with her until half-past 12 and during the time she had a slight attack of sasms. It woula be between 1I and 12. Mr. Morley came inw hile I was there, We toolk tea about a quarter past 5 on the night-Mrs. Dove died. -I went inaabout half.pst 2. During that time I, was absent about an hour. After half-past 6, when I went in, ahe had some gelatine jellUy which I took with me. As soon as I went in -I gave her the mould on to the bed, and Mr. Dove gave her a teaspoon to eat of it. She ate several spoonfulls and ihe thenasked me to taste it, andI died.. There was nothing peculiar in the taste. At halfpast 31 gave her her medicine. That was the dark-coloured medicine. The bottle was on the-washstand. I poured the medicine -into a 'wineglass, as there --ws not a tablespoon, and she told me -when to stop. I left about double the quantity in the bottle that I had given her. She took it, and I left the bottle on the washstaaid. That dose produced no bad effects. She seemred as well as before. Mr Morley came in about 4 and said she was better. She took nothing more until teatime, about half-past 5. At tea she had a little matton chop, two pieces of toast, and two cups of tea. She sat up to it, having got out of bed. - What she took at tea did no, seem to do her any- hann or produce a bad effect. I ate of the same things she did. It would be nearly 6 o'clock-when we finished tea. I left the house about half-past 6, and returned between 7 and halfpast 7. She had then got back to bed, and appeared to be as wellas when I left her. I don't know that she had anything from the time I returned until the time Mfr. Dove gave her the medicine. I was in the room all the time, and I don t recollect that she-took anvthing. Ime Uoroner.-Just think a little. - Witness.-I feel sure she did not taLe anything. When I left her MIr. Dove was lying down in bed, but he was in the room when I returned. If anything had been given to her between half-past 7 and 8 o'clock I must have seen it, or if she had taken anything Imust have seen it. The last medicine she took ws not an effervesing medicine. : Mr. Barret.-Will you just explain your answer when you saiLd, "I don't thin she took anything-i" The Coroner.-,-We don't cross-examine here; ancd I tEink in a solemn inquiry like this you should not catch at every. thing. We are satisfied she has given her evidence in a most satisfactory manner, and I do not think you should seize upon that expression. After reflection she said she was positive. Mr. Barret.-I only want the fact on the depositions. TheCoroner.-Youmayaskherwhethersheisstillpositive Mr. Barret.-What is your explanation of your answvrv The Witness.-The question camie upon me suddenly and I did not recollect ; but onreflectionI spoke more positively. I have no doubt Mrs. Dove did not take anything. I was by her bedside; she might, but I don't think she could. By the Coroner.-I sat by the bedside and she asked zme to come and rub her limbs * and Mr. Dove went. She could not have taken anything. By Mr. Barret.-When I left the room Mr. DI)verwas out, and af MrSs. Dove's reqiest I called.up.Mrs. Fisher. .1 believe Mr. Dove was in bed. About half-past 7 o'clockMr. Dove came for me and asked me to goin and stay with his wife, as he was going to Leeds. He came into my house. It was nearly dark then. I did not noticethat he was affected with liquor. At 5 o'clock, when he came in he smelt of porter. When I went in Mrs. Fisher and Mr. Dove were in Mlrs. Dove's bedroom. He did not seem affected with liquor. He was sitting near the fire when I went in, and gave up his chair for me. .I did not then notice where the medicine was standing. The washhandstand ws on the opposite side of the room. ldzs. Fisher was rubbing Mrs. Dove's back. The Coroner.-We have had all this before. Mr. Barret.-And we had the evidence as to the mutton chop and the toast before. The Coroner.-But it must be evident to you why these questions were asked; they led to other answers not given before. Mrr. Barret.-I don't want to have this witness's evidence repeated. At what time was she to take the medicine? The witness.-I don't know, but I saw on the bottle -"To be taken every four hours." Mrs. Dove said, "Itook the ast dose at U " and I then said, "It is half-past 3, andit is tune you had another dose ;" and she said, " I will take one." I poured one out into a wineglass and gave her one. When Mr. Dove came in, he said she should not have had it until 5, as he only gave it her three times a-day. He then took the glass away. On the 10th of Febraary I saw Mr. Dove bring in a paper, which he said contained isonbut I did not see the word "poison" written upon it. Vy l tttle boy had come in, and I was alarmed that he should get it, and I said so. Mrs Dove answered me by saying, "You need not be alarmed." I saw the medicine given to MIrs. Dove by Mr. Dove at 8 'clock on the night of her death. It was the same in appearauce as I gave her about half-past 3. He got it out of the bottle. I don't recollect who first suggested taling the medicine at 8, but Mr. Dove took out his watch and- said to me, "You gave her her medicine at half-past 3.' Then, addressing his wife, he added, "It is half-an-hour after the time you should have bad it again." MIrs. Dove made no reply to that. After he had given her the medicine he went to wash the glass out, and said. "I always wash the glass out, as it is such nasty stuff." It was before he had given her the medicine, that he went to thebedside and kssed her. He was rubbing her limbs. It -was about a quarter of an hour before the medicine was taken-it might be a little longer. Mr. Barret.-Waa there anything passed that night which led you to think they were not on the most affecionate terms with each other? The Witness.-Wben he came back Mrs. Dove said, "WlDhat a long tsime you havre been, W*iliam." He replied, "ITcan'tgo to Leeds; andbac3 in fiveminutes7' She remarked, "You might have been quicker than you have been. You shall not fetch my medicine to-night." He said, "I sball." This was between 5 and 6 'clock. He then remarked to me that his wife knew. he was a quick walker and wanated to put upon him, and he thought she was unreasonalble. He asked me if I did not think so, and I replied that when persons were sick they were anxious. He sad to. me after coming in, "Ithought, Mrs. Witha, yon were going home at 5 o'clock?" I replied that Mrs. Dove haa wished me'to stay with her. I thought it-very unM A of Mr. Dove, as I had been there a good deal, and Mrs. Dove, aftezr M. Morley had left, had wished me to stay, as-she thought she could eAt her tea better if she had company. From the time of finishing tea to going home I heard no Uunpleascant remark. Shortly after, about halfpast 7, he went to bed.- By the Coroner,-As -soon as he came into the room at 5 or half-past5 o'clock, he asked by whose orders his wife was sitting up. She told him thtt Mr. Morley had given her leave. Hie looked at me and asled,-" Did he ?" : I replied, " Yes, and beside that she is to have some mutton chop." .Then Mr. Dove said,. "Youtold me you were goig home at 5." I said, " Yes, I should have gone, but Mrs. Dove asked me to - stay tea, as she could eat a better tea% if she had company with her." BvBy Mr. Barret.-Trom teatime until his going out at 8 o'clock I did not hear any unkind remarks passbetween theem. He had not his tea with us. Mr. Barrct.-Were you not surprised at his going to bed at that hour? The Witness.-IHe said he had had very little sleep, and he laid himself on the floor between the- door and the fire. Mrs. Fisher came into the room and saidto him, "Youwill get cold there-you had better go -and lie down in bed," and he got up. Ie lay on the floor about five minutes. Mr..Barret.-Were you not surprised at his doing so? The Witness.-I thought it was a strangp thing for him todo io. He remained there until Mrs.RFisher eame in. Mrs. Dove died about 20 mainutesto 11 c1dlck, and he went out about U. He did not return before I left. I did not hear him come back during the niight. - The Coroner.-It i in evidence he, went to bed drunk at a o'clock in the miorning. 'By a Juror.-I never saw him wash the glass outlfef, that ""g't,or -usethe epression that he . tways did.s it was such nasty stuff., - ' By th* C:roaer.-I--hive no doubt he gave lwer th; I medicine at other times, bat I do not roo1ect the particular timnes. -By Mr. Barret-4 gave her medicine In the afternoon, thd pourea some water into the glass after she hid take the nedicime. --She then said the medicine Wis nra tuff. I 111eply- to tho Coronerantr. W e ie Mr. Morey d that if s hine had ben put into theinedicie t 8 vt TOc it would not have altered its apperance. -. n repl ty-to Barret. Mr..Morley said tht the onver8410V betWeen himself and the prisoner, of 1rhich hle had the nZ tha n it one. i Thurs ^ehethuoc o sc his ee l hr t Doolexaiswin ehraexl n1 M Fisher3rd-x%med.OntheXondzjimorning bfore Mr. Dove's death took her some toast, coffe, and baoe for her breakfast. did not reeman in tha e room, and, therefore,.didmot see hLerpertakeof anypastof it. Isa'w 32r. Dove give his wife maedicine mnoret thnc ortwc during th we enerally faehed the-lass oiit. I heengven thim frequenthe do xo. I can't say. how aften r have sen Mr. Dove give his wfelberrmedicine.: I1have seen Mr. Dove put Boma water in -the glas Af ter'~ gi the medicine, andemipty it, into the warsbhnd-ba]Jrn' say thaLt Nrs. Dove was taken ill after thi -nediciue had been giv.en to her,,except on-the 'Friday ibt when, after she had taken a draught, she beame ioenly IlL EMrs. Dove has had the spasms a11 thetime, but I don't know that it was after the medicine. I can't remember #my such occasion. I wasvey-often downstairs.. I once gave Mrs. Dove medicine but I can't recollect thecolourof it. She asked me to give the medicine as she felt the spasnm coming on. On the Fridyitight, aboit 10 -'clock, Mr. 'Dove gave his vifea draught. .It was;of rbher lighter colinr than her nedicine. I don't recollect whether hewashed that glass out. I don't know that irs. Dove said -anythm after tOdngthe dxaugbt. LIt might be an hour a a-half after that tnat she was takenilc the spssms.- I was do*nstairs wting at the ti%nc and Mr. Dove called rme lip. The Coroner.-You said, when you were last examined, Mr. Dove caLed you upstsirs between 10 aid11 o'clock; wasitbetweenlOand 11? Witness.-I believe that was the right time.3 By the Coroner.-I was called upstairsiWal?an hour after Mr. Dove gave her the driiught. I was called upstairs either by Mr. Dove or the belL Xrs. Dove could not ring the bell. When I got uptairs Mrs. Dove was notlable to soeak until the spasmwas rather abated. Iremained in the foom until 2 o'clock in the moiming. On the Siardayi gt about a quarter-ast S o'clock, he left the house. He sa he wasgoing to Mr. Morley for some m3edicine. -Ithink: Ms. DoveW.as taken ill soon after he left the house. I have heard from Mr. Dove's own mouth that it, was iboiot S o'clock he *ent out. I notioed his u ovt, but there was no clock in the idtchen, and1 could not tell the time. Mr. Dove sv in lluor a little all that day I think it would be between 8 or 9 o'clock when I w;Z called up on the Saturday night into Mrs. Dove's room. When rom. Dove said he was going for some medicine, hi was teling Mrs. Wood and the others. The witness omitting to answer one or two questions, The Coroner asked,-Why do you .hesiiate in your replies W-itness.-As far as I can remember Mr. Dove wrt out between 8and 9 o'clock on Saturday night. I fastened the door after him. The Coroner.-Did you hear Mr. Dove sat anything to anybody?- ere was no answer given to this question. The Coroner.-What is the awson you do not answer, ,g you did before? WVitness.-It is the number of people and ti-e heat of the court which confuse me. The witness, wio appearedl somew'hat fatiged, here retired for a short time at the iequest of the coroner. On the return of Mr Fisher her examinatie6nroceeded. She said-I can't recollect that Mr. Dova said anything .'hen he went out on Saturday night. I did not hear him .sa anything that day about the mercury. By r. Barret.-I have seen Mr. Dove give her the medieine on two or three occasions, and on each occasion he washed the glass out. -. When he administerea medicne to er I sawhim-pour it out into the wineglass. I stood at the other side eof the bed, and apve Mrs. Dole a drink of water out of a tumbler. Mr. Dove then tookthe remainder ofthewater, poured it into the glass, and emptied it into the -washhiand bas. On the occasion I gave her,the medicine sne seemed to be better, but I can't say how logg she re mained so. She said, after taling the medicine, she felt ratherrevived, and that instead of maldnz he ill it seemed to do her goo= On Monday morningMr. arid Mrs. Dove breakfase together. I went upstairs wit Mrs Dove, leaving xr. Dove downstairs. I wasin the.Vtchen, while they were getting their breakfast in the parlour. When I went upstaiis ITcannot say whether I noticq4the medicine bottle onthewashstand. I can't sayl saw it downstairs during the morning. DuingtheweeklheardrDii statethatshe was much afraid of the spaSm3 coning on agim On the irst Saturday I went to Mr. Dove's service I arrived at his house about 12 o'clocl. I remainei in the kitchentill my dinner hour. hrs. Dove was there, and Mr. Dore- came in. I think that would be about half an hour after. -- We got din- uer asoup o-cwroo, anct slioriyatter I wasbhetup the plates. I Temember Mr. Dove bringing some jelly on a glass plate. I was in the itchen doing ay work at the time. Mr. - ove brought the jelly, but I can't say whether I wvas washing the plates. I won't say whether it was .ust bef6re dinner or after that the jelly wa brought. lHe bronght it to Mrs. Dove first, and she said it was very nasty. She then asked me to taste it, and I said itwss very nasty. Mr. Dove then tasted it, and said he could not taite it bitter.'I I don't kmow that he tasted it a second time, and then saifit was bitter. Mrs. Dove said she would not take any more of it; and Mr. Dove said he wanted to tak-e the glass plate.-home to his mother's. I afterwards washed the jelly down the sink. There mightbe a teacup full of it. By the Coroner.-It was stiffjeDy, and veryclear. By Mr. Barret.-I have been living at ar.,Dove's hous-e sinccanyiounlexMnisation with Mrs. Jenkiasj-the-mother t'f the deceased, and the deceased's sister. ; Ir. Barret.-I thought it right to asIc this because it has been suggested that there may have been some communica. tion betwveen tee prisoner and the -witness. The Coroner thought that Mr. Barret ought not to have made the remark which he had done, as it had been told to him privately. - Wr. Barret said, he only wished to show tfat it was impossible MIr. Dove could have had any communication with the witmiess. - Henry Harrison examined.-I am a -dentist, and live at No. 5, North-row, South;market, Leeds. I have known the prisoner Dove fors about.16 or 17 months. About two onths since I had some conversation with hin about Palmer's case at the New-cross Inn, Meadow-lFnc. He sent for me there about two months since, and I took the paper and read over to him a report o. Palmers case. when I lad fnished he raid, "Could you get me, or make me, any - strychnine!" (Sensation.) Ireplied, "Not for the world." The landladyalso heard what he said. The prisoner then said, " Well, I can get some, if you will not." He then went to t,he door, and I said to the landlady, " Did you hearthatl" Heshortlyafter came back,butnothingmorewas said about strychnine. Last Thrrsday afternoon; about halfpast 2 o'clock, Isawhimatthe same publichouse. Iwentthera in consequence of a message from hin. He asked me if they could detect a grain or half a grain of strychnine? (Sensation.) He had one of his wife's funeral cards, which he nave to ne whenI saw him. He also gave one to the landlord, and he then said, "Can they detect a graminand a-half of stryclnine, or a grain?" I reWplied, " What ! have you really Fiven your wife any?" e said, "No, but I got some of Mr. Morley's man to poison a catwith, and some might have been spilt, and she may have got some; and the cat is in the niidden." I then went away to a funeral which I had to attend. A person named Storev a lodger in the house, was present in the bar, and he would hear the conversation. I have not had any conversation with Mr. Dove about strychnine except on these two occasions, ~hor about his wife's death exccept on the last accasion. By Mr. Barret.-I never-at any time told him that his wfe wvould die m February. 33y the Coroner.-1 never had any conversation with.Mr. Dove relatve to his wife's illness or any medicine she was taking. Twelve months since I wras askied By the prisoner wehat wouzld strengthen her, and I recommended gentian, juniper berries, valerian, aniseed, and a hi*tlo extract of iquorice. I had no COnversatiOn about medicines at Doves houe, or in the presence of lrs. Dove. I had never any conversation with Mr. Dove relative to his wife's health, or the probability of her death. William Storey.-I am a broker, and lodge at the New Cross min, Meadow-lane. I know the prisoner Dove. I saw him at the New Cross last Thursay. I was in the bar when be c.me in. Henry Harrison shortly afterwards came ia. After Harrison came in he and Dove entered into conversation at the other side of the room. I was about two yards from them, and there was a table between us. I overheard some of the conversation. I heard theywere speaing of some poison, and I heard them-talking about a grain, or a gain and a-qunrter of somethiig. Dove mentioned this, utl can't say -whether he scoe of strychnine or arsenic. I tbink Dove aslked what efect a grain or a grain and a- qurter would have; but whethler it was of str3cbhnine, mercury, or arsenic, I cannot say, as I was not paying parr. ticular attention. I heard Dove say that there had been an, inquest. I am sure I heard him say something about air, inguest. As far as I remember, this all-Iheard. Bly r.Barret.-The landlord was in vwen Mr. DgveO came in, and Mr. Dove presented him with one of Mm. Dove's funeral cards. 1-r. Dove had not been in, five. minutes before Harrison. came in. If I had been payipgparticular attention I could have heard a good deal moza ofi theconversation. I think- the landlord did not remain. Dove appeared to be sober. He did not give'me any fiaeral3 cards,butibelievehe--gaveHanison one. I kYve,.beenatb the New Cross on different occasions when Dove ltss come iis, Mrs. Ann Walker.-I am the wife of Charles lj-rb landlord of the New Cross Iun. I knowl MEr. ve, the.pra. soner. I remember him being in my hlCAse about, two, months ago. Hery Harrison,Er. Dove, aidi mqys-were. in the bar, Mr. Dove came and -wanted, to. see .3arrison, and I sent my daughter for him. After raiison. came in, Mr. Dove and he got into conversation, and-duriLEthe. corL, Yersation Harrison took isp the newpapm and mead: PaIme's case. In the conrse of about half an hw 7r. 3Pove sa Xt Mx. Harrison, " Willyouget me.a briwe of strychnine, or makemesome " Harrison. said, "No, Si;" r. Dove replied, "Why not* HAc-rison aswerc '>lNot for the world !' Mr. Dove then went oub for ainute and Ha.rr son said to me, '"What.ao you tuv.%c of Mr. IDove ' Whei% Mr. Dove came back I believahe sa:d if he could not get it from Mrlr. Harrison >,e could:ebit elsewhere. Ihave bet4 present at differentt -mewh%U hattison 'and Dove haid had some conversation 'togethoez,blat t neer heard anythlu,-. said about strychnikne exce' on tWsi occasion. Mr. Harrison -cllled. -At the time Mr- Dove gave me the funeral W 'on Thursday lust he said, i I There Is An in.- quest over izn,' vife." I ssid, "'What for" and then followed -what- o f bhae beFore stated about the grain asd a-half or grain of strychnine. By Md B,rrt.-My conversation with lr. Dove was carried on in such a manner that Mr. Storey nmight havo hea. the whole of it six yards off if ho -had beea paying Xw_ntlon.I ThEe Coroner said that ia eonsoquence of; something whiek Inad transpired- that morning it would be necessary that Wh* ' inquiry should bc aourned, and ho the rpfore adjouxe4 iA mntil 10 'clockon fMonday mornin next. Some ikx evidnce wcould then be taken, lizob, howevez' W*1 not very 2nterial, and be hoped to teranit the4 Inawt that day.
V-DUJCATION.- At a MEETING of the C6mnmittee f sFriendsof Voluntar Eduatiou appointed inLondononthe 5th oE May, 1853 holden at I Wood-street, on the 11th Mc , 1856 SAMUEL MORLEY; 1Eq., in the chaiIt Srm rrsoived unanimously:- I. That this Comnrnittee look with unabted interest on the Cause of ,opu2lr education in the lUnited Kingdom, and regard with sincere V--atios the 9r-e which, by 'Arious Toluntary agecie-it is 2. That. diakti e-as this Committee havo been with the operation el the Committee of Coucil for Education they are still further disustiued with the intention announced by the Government to recoimimend to Her MajeAy the appointkent of a Miister ofPublio In3stucVioa; thus, for the Ast time. constrtiting popular education into a segnlardepatmentof the Stale. ;. That this Committee see with extreme suxprise the Bill "for Promoting Educatior. in England and Wales." alt but surreptitiously laidby he ordPreidet o th Conci enthetable of the House of ds-a Sill 'which, by totally i gall the grt dificulties consiected with the question of popular education, at once practically confesses thc inability of the Governmnent to deal with themn, and professes to threwvthem, as ap,ples of discord, into erery borough and paihin the kingdom.~~~~~~~~~~~i . That this ChomBitt5ee iewwitihr entire idissatisfaction thero4xtending the operations of the Committee of Councl for Education, but as plcng the wrhole of EladaDd Waleasunder a new manchinery of Govermnt inspection-a kind of educational police, at once gall- mmeocssarye. aDd dangerous. S.hbt thiaComcnttee iewvwith entire dissatisfaction the project of lord John Ruassl to l c rate, not onlybecausetheyare atisfuled that theu the oe be. in duetn e. arrived at without suchanmeasure.-butalso because theY are convinced that this happy result 'will infallibly be hinderedby ita ootrate beinc at once fatal to all modes of voltuntary pecuniarysupply. nd totally incompatible with the efflciet religious instruction which ii admnitted to be indispenable. 6. That this Cotnmitteem eandeectethe propositonto iorre upon emPloyers of juvenile labour universally the education of all children and young persns eznployed by them between the agsof ninre and fifteen; .ugch comupulsion rendering neess!aryan inquisitorial ayatenx violently out ot harmesy 'with the hahits of British sooiety, and interfering naarrantably writh the anatesialintereslaofthe working. 7. That a petition embodying the preceding resolutions be preaented, on behalof this Committee, to the House of Commons, and hat G. Hadfeld, FAq., M.P., be requested to l?reseut it. By orderof the toamsttee, S, MORLEY, Cbhirman J. HL HINTON. Secretary. TpI EATRE ROYAL, Adelphi.-Dul wih College, built and fonrded at te sele coat o t Edw Alleyn. the Actor. -PUISItC 31ETING of the Profeion andFriends of the Drama, at this Theatre.THIS DAY, March 1, 1S6. Chair to be taken at I o'dlock precisely, by CHAR J DICKENS1 Faq. -YI¶HXATRE ROYA-L. COVENT-GARDEN.- JL The PROPEMORS wlll attend at Mr. Robin's Boom, in kind rrmidotM .on Saturday nszt, at 2 o'clock r,t.ot,es tae-HAEfN LDEZRS, and to anawer any tnnuiryelatingto theproperty.- Evrygentleuma attending the. -netin m unst he either asareholder, orhold the wrtten authority of _thareholder, an d IUit rive his name at the door.-hfesrch 1856. A DAMS's ORREBY.-Passion 'Week,-Princeses! Jm trhesere.-Mr. e. H.L ADAM1S wil give his ORRERY and <.RMSPARE'T MOVING SCEN-EBY (2tah year in London), 7evry Evening in Pasion Week (Good Frida excepted), at 8 o'clock, terminating at 10 Stas. SB.; drees boxes, 6d. : upper boxes, 2c.: ;t.Igallery, Sd. School and children at half price to the pit and rpo - PROPRIETORS of PROVINCIAL - THRATRE.-WANTED, a THEATRE in a respectable town. ea&dd stating term, to I Macister, 8, elina place, Westminster- r'F' -HEATRaRoyAL LYCEu TL THEATRI L tobe LET. Applications to be addres3ed to A. W. Arnold, Esq, 31, Goldea-aqnare. ROIYAL MARYLEBONE THEATRE.-The LUD LADIES and GENTLEMEN ENGAGED at this Establishment at Easter are requested to MEET on the stage, punctually at 1 o'dlock] in the forenoon, on Monday, the 17th inst. Marh 1856. _E. STIRLING, Stage Manager. TU1HEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.-Lessee, L Mr. E. T. Smith.-Acting Manager, Wr. Charleg Mathews.- Stage Manager. Mr. Robert Boxbyr-The Scenery by Mlr. William BevTeCy.-THIS EVENING will be erformd (for the last time) thepopula. comic drani, entitled USEIJUP. Principal characters bY Mesrs. . Mathews, B. toxby. Tilbuxyj Vincent, Worrell, iss biL Oliver,aud Mrs. F. Matthews. To concludevwith the grand0bristmas antomime, HEYD1DDLE DIDDLE;; or, HfEarlequinKingNonsense and the .Seven Ares of Ynn_ Two Hrlequins, two Columbines, two PanteOns, twto Sprices, twso Clowns IHazrloleno andTomMatthews). P?rinlcipal dancer, Miss oelna Wrigh2t. Doors open at half-past 6 and commuence at Z. TJEFATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LfXNE.-Mr. ,L EUME Y. of the Royal Olympic Theatre. begs to announce that he has taken the above theatre forsivenight,e.ormmencing on Monday, March 17, when he will have the honoor of appearing in a reries of noyel entertainments. in which thearloous delineations of chrcter wil he presented and the different incidents depicted entirely by himelf. To commence eash evening at 8 o'dclock punctually with TE TALE OP A TRAIN, with Pictures of the rassengem-Fist elas, Second. Third. and Parliaentar To be foUowed by LIFE IN ORTRAITUR1, in w hich Mr; Emery wrill preent a series of celebrated pictures, concduding with2 a repreentation of the Art Drawing HJIL.the Princess RoyaL The wYhole to conclude with BAIA.- Av BAY with a viewY of thins as theyvwere, are, and might be. Eox.ofice open daily. rEl'JEATRE ROYAL. AYMARKET.-THIS .L2EVENINGThNG sdy) the fth night of the new comedy, in three acts, THE EVIL GEN N . Characters by Mr. Buckstone, Mr. Chiplendale, Mr. Comypton. Ir. W. Farren Mr. lRogers, Mlr. Z. Villiers, Rynolds, Mrs. Pynter, and diEss Swanborough. With A OVEBY PROXY. And (by desire) LEND ME IVE SHIrL LIf(GS.- To-morrow(FridyJ), aqt ,The Balance of Cmnifort; after whih. nd ommncig a a uarer as-B, The Evil Genius; haet; d on a alfpenny.On Saturday theNew Comedy and'the JJ YCEUM.-Madame Gassier, M'r. H. Haigh and M. Gaier.-THIS EVENING nir=da March 13), for the :B13hNEFIT of Mr. DE. LA S NAME Bos and La t Craaer's; ndat ll thh principal mudseselers andl baries. I)oors Open athalf-past 7; to commence at . mYsIgPRI(ESS'sTHEATP-E.-TheLastThree .NAs s of 'the Pautomime.-TIS EVENING (Thursday), A AM}I OE-0F RO1PS and THE PYIST PRINTER. To-morrow Ilidayi, ThM erchant of Veuice. Saturday, AWonderful Woman sc.Ga oCBRomps, ThePantomime eheryEvening. 7TBE-OYAiL, A3)ELPEI.--The Last Three J_ ts efibefre laster, and of Mlr. and Mrs. Keeley and That Blerse o a regular screech r.-Jat VWeek of the Royal Union Burlesque, and -Comic PantomimeD-TH EVENING. BETSY ;AXEI2 by Mr. adMr. e3ele. With TAT BB68UtlY'by I(rr and Mr. Kieeley. And the last iight but two of the -gr: bwteque amoomicpanmomiie of JACIC,aND THXBL'ALF.' or, HaHeqe and Moth Gose- -at eie iAgan. Jack and m. 3adame Cele ; Mother Goose sad Coulumbine, lsgW dhar f prlfghti,.lllYmad before HerMaiesty and thc RoyalJ'miylz. Frhli3reappear on Easter Mronday. HEATRE ROYAL, DRUP.Y-LAI Lesee. Mr. R T. Smith. THIS EVENING4 USE1 U12 Shancters byMesrs. Charles Mathews, R. Rox-sy, Tilbury. Vincent, and Worrell; Mis X. Oiver and Mrs. F. Mtatthiews. To conclude with HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE. TEATRE ROYAL, BAYMARKET. Under the Management of Mr. Buckstone. THS EVENNG, THE EVIL GENIUS. -aaracters by Mr. Buckstone, lr. Compton, MIr. Chippendale, Miss Reynolds. MiSs Swanborough. &c. After whiich A LOVER BY PROXY. To conclude with LEND ME FIV1E SEOLLINGS. ROYAL PRINCE&SS THEATRE. Ulnder the Management of Mr. Charles Kew. T S EVENING wi be presented A GAME OF ROMPS After whic2h TE FIRST PRINTER. Characters by Messrs.1Rydr, verett, Jh atthews, Fisher, Melou, Cathcart, and a, Keen iss eath. urray,gliton and Mrs. W.Daly. ToconcludewithHAtsQUN ANfD TME MID AND THE MAGPIE. THEATRE ROYAT. ADELPHL PrOTWietor, Mr. B. Webster- Directrese. Madame CelTete. TSIS EVNING wrll be presented BETSY BAiER, Characters 'bf Mr. Keeley. Mr. Parselle Min Wyndham, and Mr Keeley. -t& which. THAT BVLSSki) BABY. To coeelude witbh TAC AND THE BRANSTALK. ROYAL OLYMPC THEATRE. Lessee, Mi. uedWgn THISEVEIiING, STILL WAERS RUN' DEEP-Mr. and 3M. A. Wigan To conclude with THEB DISCREF? PRINCESS; or. The Three Glass Distaffs-Mess F. Bobson, Emery Danvee H. Cliton,: Wht;Miss Jui t George, Marston, Ser,an THEATRE BOYAL. SADLER'S-WREI. Under the Maaement- o MrM. Phelps. THIS E:VIG wil be presented THE U ECHBACK. C RaterabyMese#r. IPbselpr, H. Marston. F. Robinson, Belford. L. Ball. FOLLE O NGT To conclude writh A PHENOMSN31 IN - ROYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lrases, MVessrs Shepherd-and Crewsickr. THIS EVENING will be bresiented JASPER LANGTON; or, A 3ael to the Death. Jasper Langton, Sir. Creswick. After which. BROTHIER BOB. To conclude with PARIS IN 1792. ELE'S ROYAL AMPHITHEAT Laeee and Manager, Mr.W. Cooke T1HS 3:VENING wiU be pesented THE A2AB OF THZ ,)ENZRT AND THIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the Scenes In the Circe and the Ascent of the -nephants. To conglude with SIR AN-D MRS. WHITE TO CORRESPONDENTS. -Our readers are requested to observe that the price of 7ie Times is reduced to 4d., and that 5id. is the price of a copy with the impresscd stamp affied. Under the amended regullations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an impressed stamp. ITo notice arn be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion rnust be authenticated - y tha name and address of the writer; not neewsrily -for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith -'Wo cannot undertake to return rejected communications, WThe pub1le%ti*n of THre TDE commenced at 5 o'dock yesterday morning. and finished at 10 minutes pst 9.
LONDOiY, THURSDAY, MABCH 13, 1856. In the House of Commons yesterday,; the Commaijioners of Sup'ply (Scotland) Bill was rad a wecond time after a 'few words of explanation fiom MEr. Duwn.oP and the LorD-ADvocATE. On the order for the second reading of the Reforimatory Schools (Scotland) Bill, Brfr. MAGvhE objected to the bill that it did not carry out the reformatory principle honestly and fairly; that no provision. was made for the separate religious education of Roman Catholic children ; and that' the schools were made the instruments of proselytism,. Mr. Bowym considered that refornation could. be accomplished only -by means of religion, and by placing children of different creeds in different establishments. Mr. DIumoND was rather surprised that a Roman Catholic should manifest a zeal against proselytism. As to reformatories in general, he thought the only successful course was to place juvenile criinials in hulks at the seaports for education for the army and navy. Sir G. Gnzy said, the provisions made showed that there was no intention to employ these institti- measure passed two years ago, and- was foumded npon the principle that,' without -giving preference to any class or sect, -the Governmext should avail itielf of voluntai vontributions to provide for the education of vagrant children.- Some further discussion followed, -in which Mr. LMDELL, Sir S. NoRarMcor, irr. GUsuiry, Mr. ALEXANDER HASTmE, and Mr. ScoTT took part, and the bill was read a second time.' 3fr. W. EWART moved the second reading of the Municipal Reform (Scotland) Bil}; but The LonD-ADvocATE having offered: some objections to the bill, and pledged himself, if it were withdrawn, to bring in a measure during the present session upon the subject, Mr. EWAT consented to withdraw the bill, and the order for the second'reading was discharged. The LORD-ADvOCATE, in moving the second reading of the Bankruptcy (Scotland) Bill, stated that its object was to consolidate the bankruptcy law in Scotland, not to import into that country the general priaciple of the Eglish law.' Provisions were likewise made, which, he believed, would render sequestation much more satisfactogry. After a few words from Mr. ALEXANrMRarin the bill was read a second time. Mr. DrLtwy movdd for leave to -bring ix a bill to amend the act 16th and 17th of VIcoRiA, for' the better prevention and punishment of aggravated assaults upon. women and children. 'It appeared from returns, he said, that that act had not worked satisfactorily, and magistrates had assured him that the power to inflict corporal punishment was necessary. We believed that the kind of punishment now inflicted had a tendency to prevent offienders being brought to justice, because the wifej by:the impri.- sonment -of her hushMul, hid to -choose betoeen starvation and the *orkhouse. What he pro-. posed, therefore, was to repeal the act of 1853, re-enacting its provisions except the second clause, substituting for it one by which every person convicted of an assault upon a woman or child would be sentenced to a less extent of imprisonment, but, during confinement, be once privately whipped. He. noticed and replied to objections which he anticipated to this change of the law. After some remarks by Mr. BARnow, Mtr. BouvurnE said, he did not object to the introduction of the bill, but trusted that thefouse would pause before it reverted to a punishment which had been abandoned for years, and was contrary to the spirit of our criminal legislation. Mr. W. Wmuxs made some observations, and, leave was given. The House adjourned at half-past 3 o'clock.
It appears to be necessary in the 'United States that everything should there be protracted beyond European proportions. Not only rivers and rail-) ways, but speeches, debates, correipondence, ajnd difficulties are there measured by the mile or the century.. The 4,000 miles of ocean have some, thing to do with this; so also has the want of facility and prompt action inseparable from federal institutions. But, apart from these accidental aggravations, our American cousins have a wonderful way of spinning out things. " From the first " separation of the two countries," says Mr. BuC*ANA, in his speech at the Mlansion-house, " there -"has unfortunatelyalways been a group of unsettled "I questions." " If then," as he further observes, "there is a cloud now impending over their'rela"tions," this is no more than always has been, and, it would appear, always is to be. As far as Eigland is concerned, we may certainly say,without fear of contradiction, that i' is neither the wish nor the interest of our people to quarrel with the United States. We never knew. anything about a misuniderstanding till we saw it blazing away in the American papers, and thenthe only- anxiety was to put it out as speedily as possible. No nation ever swallowed so much at the hands of another- as we (did in the case of American'" sympathy" with the 'tanadininainrrotui,o.; a.id at this. moment we- should probably_ endure -more from ojeslow cousins than from most other''peonle.- -Ax for our interest, we certainly have no territory to win across the Atlantic. The only profitable investment we have in that part of the world is in the peaceful traffic of the ports, which, on the outbreak of war, we should have to blockade. "Suppose," says the Bostkn Chronicle,"' that the "English should burn New York-tha1t is 'nO "more than- the New Yorkers do themselves once "in every five years;. and when they had "destroyed that village they would have the satis"faction of knowing that they had burnt "$100,000,000 worth of property belonging to "their own countrymen." As for honour 'and glory in. that part of the -world, we only wish to keep what we have, as we are very well aware we should meet with many mishaps in a war with a people whose only difference frorm ourselves is that they have no Court, aristocracy, half-pay list, or Horse Guards. If then there must always be a little cloud coming up, and a group of unsettled questions, it does not arise from any morbid taste for annexation and glory on our part. Let the Americaus say whether they are equally disinterested, equally indifferent, or rather equally anxious there should be no quarrel'between us. As for this particular difficulty-the affair of the recruiting, it can never be settled, but must survive us and our children, unless the Americans will state their whole case, and let us know really what it is 'they want to quarrel about. Apologize and explain as we will, they are always finding. a nest egg for another stage of the diiculty. They now allege, that when 31r. BucnAN said last October that he should have " much satisfac"1 tion" in transmitting Lord CLBranowls explanation, 3Mr. BucHw had not been fully informed as to the facts of the case by his own Government, and was not, therefore, in a position to accept Lord CLAREND0oN's explanation. But what possible end of controversy does this leave Us, when it is evident that no apology is safe against a- fresh demand ? It is now said that Mr. CRASpTONq has committed an intentional and persevering infraction of American law, and that the evidence of this fact only transpired after the representative of the American Government in this country had, expressed himself satisfied. Thereupon the American Government demands the recall of Mr. CxsArrroN and all the consuls impli-] cated. But before the Americans made this demand-before they allowed it to become a party question in the States, and to figure in all their journals as the text of a forthcoming triumph over' England-they would have done well to publish the whole of the case, and not leave the British I public still in- the dark. They.would have done well to state their case, and stand upon it, instead of continually reopening it and adding fresh matter. In this country we require a complainant to state his case fully, and we do not permit him to go on adding fresh matter to meet the- defence. Otherwise some trials would never end, but would go on till Domesday. If the American Goverxment can prove that Mr. CR.AwyToN has committed such a violation of the American law as, in regard to its quality or its magnitude, is usually followed by t4e recall of the Minister and his agents, then are we quite sure that the British people will be only too ready to make that ameetde, and that no' Minister will dare to stand between, it and justice. _But then the complaint and the satisfaction demanded must be set out in due form, and founided on sound precedent. An American journal before us,'w.While it professes the most moderate and pacific temper, says that the American Cabinet has been governed solely by the determination to nua1;e such an ex- Mr. CRiAmtow- hias conilutted a certain offence, and, further, that it is an offence so great as to deserve- the reoall of the of'eider Unless these points be made out, the. British 1,6ople will not permit the Americans to be the sole 'arbiters, both' of facts and of right, on the face of the earth. They will be-governed by law and usage, and not by the fluctuating and hyperbolic demands of Americazi Ministers.: The question does not concern Mr. CiusirroN alone; or- the -enlistment - alone, or any number of pendingdifficulties alone, or the presentigeneration of Englishmen and Americans lone, but the relations of the two peoples for all tiie to come. Is it to be conceded that America is alwa?rs to be allowed to fabricate its own griemvncee to state its own case, and reopen thkat case as often as it pleases, to lay down its- own law, to aBSs its own damagesj-to be judge and jury on every question between us, to'demand: whatever it mlAy happen to think 'will make- the "' example' most' strikingand most memorable ? If O; then Xrgla'nd is not a countr worth -living in, and the sponer we quiit its derded plMe asnd transfer 64'r allegiance to our'Traniatlantic conquerors and i4pr essors in some distant region where we can neitheu; oppress nor be oppressed, the betteri for the dignity of our charatbr-arnd the honsur of our xpecies. We ob-- serve the American journals lay much tmess on certaniiresolutioiAs agreed to by the Maniester Chamberi of Co'm3ere deprecatory of wai, and they seem to think thero is a.portionof the British coh-: ity too-iiitent on private gsieit care-much for national humniliation. 'We would advise these joutr.- nals, however, not to assigntoo much meaning to the ready'-made' prases in which the3 nglis fare wont to epress a genxeral seatiment. In all Mknchester. there is probably not'a single ian 'who would' return even a civil answer to any high an'd migite neighbour who for some affair required him to dismiss a number of his servants. Nobojly stands more on -his dignity- than a Lan'cashire manufacturer, or is less disposed to let others-lay dQwn the law. Wlihn the occasion comes, these people willfeel,. and hon.edty avow, that the rule of zpublic and of private life-is the some, and that neither individuals nor nations can submit to dictation without loss of - honour and position. The Englishman will submit to argumient; he will bow to just authority; he will. invite m-ediation and will stand by the award; *but he will not bow his judgment to that of another people ;-he-will not do this or that or something else, or somethingnobody has evertthought of, just becaiiie a 'despot or a republic fancies it, and must hake it. If,.then, the United- States think ;to degrade us by the infliction of: a positively servile chastisement, in order that all nation; for. all future time may take warning from ou'rfate,_ they have mistaken their victims. -That is not the stuff we are made of, as any Power on earth will soon find upon trial. -
Ever since the Civil Service Conmmission was instituted the large classes interested in the preservation.of the system which at present pervades our public departments have- never ceased to pursue -it and its labours with calumny: and detraction. Stories the most 'improbable 'have. been industriously circulated and implicitly believed concerning it. There was always - some new story of a tidewaiter who hadc been iejected bpcause he could not construe Yirgil, or -an exciseman whose prospects in" life were blasied for want of analytical knowledge of Conic Sections. f- Iwas said, and believed, that the reign of jobbery andc corruption had been replaced by that of pedantry and folly; that the plan had utterly bro7sen .d&=-u7;.".th3t every d artment in the Go.-evnent .as inx rxeelion agais r a;-dthat 'a' sped 'itii f.to :the -ab~niations of the old -,system' was irinevitable. The Commissioners have borne these taunts as beat they might; and now, in the fulness. of time, have issued a report which has scattered to the winds the imputations cast upon them, rand would infallibly cover their authbrs with shame were it- not that- people in this country have entirely given up being ashamed of being inthe wrong, and' speak as confidently and think as highly of themselves, and are as highly thought. of by other people,-a£ter a long.,J1fe spent ini incessant blunders, as if they had never decried. the honest or supported-the discreditable cause. The best service we can do to the cause of truth, and at the same time the cause of: the Comnmissioners, is to state briefly the effect of their report, and leave the public to judge how possible it is for an immense body of statements to- be brought together without the slightest foundation to support them. First, as to the standard of proficiency, which the Co -mmissioners have been accused of raising far too high. they state that in no single instance have they gone beyond the requirements of the department for vacancies in which they examined. Good handwriting, correct .spelling, knowledge of arithmetic up to vulgar and lecimal fractions, seem to bb required by all the departments. Most of them demand, beyond this, the power of. making an abstract of official papers and some knowledge of English composition. Some departments require a knowledge of bookkeeping, history, geography, Latin, or, as au alternative, some foreign language. Nobody can, we think, say with truth that these demands are excessive. From the 20th of June to the present time the examinations have been weekly, and the result, including those which have been held in the. provinces, may be stated as follows :--umber examined, 1,078; number who received ecertificates, 676; number rejected, 309, so that we are at once justified in concluding that one person out of every three of those nominated to the public service by the present system of favouritism is unfit for the 'service. - The number of rejections of persons unable to pass in arithmetic is no less than 89, of whom 13 failed in arithmetic alone, 33 in arithmetic and spelling, and 10 in arithmetic, spelling, and writing. - The numbez deficient in spelling alone -was 41, 23 were rejected for deficiencies in spelling and writing; 27- for deficiencies in spelling and arithmetic; and 72 for deficien- cies -in spelling combined with other faults; sothat out of the whole number of rejected candidates--309-upwards- of 250 were rejected for gross -ignorance ' of these' two elementary -braiches '6f knowledge, 25 were rejected for ignorance--in languages, 3 for ignorance of booldkeeping, and -23' for ignorance in geography. Of the kind of qualifications which have been hitherto' deemed sufficient for the service of the public a-goodcidea may be formed by glancing over the -29th, 304tb, and 31st pages of the appendix, in which will be found a collection of more bad ipelling Zthan probably '-any of 'our readers, except- a- country. schoolmaster, have ever seet ,before._ -. The Commioion has also conducted a number of competitive examinations for no less .than .58- situations,. for. which 175 candidates. have.been examined and they record an emphatic opinion 'tha$'the candidates selected on these occasions are very superior to those who have succeRedd .'in psig the ordinary examinations. FnTey-then proceed -to lay- before the public the inferences they have drawn from their experience in examination; - Four things, the of fthe public offices are supplied seems quite inable -to furnish. The _writing is moet iunsatisfacto. Wad good -writing been recuired, ,the public service would hava been obstructed by the number of rejections. Tolerable spelling 'alone has been required, and yet the number of those who have been rejected for want of tolerable spelling .is -exceedingly large. These -things lead to the inevitable inference. that the greatf mass of schools in tlis country, with all their gigh-sounidinig pretensions, classical and commer-Aa and scientific, are in these most essential respects exceedingly defective. - We strongly recommend guardians and parents to look to it, and, instead of trusting to the assurances of proficiency which cIome to -sweeten the half-yearly bills; to satisfy them selves by personal exaamination whether their son. in Ro2ner can spell words of four sylla'bles, -oi their nephew in Horace write a gramm'atical sentence. We believe the effect .-would exceedingly tend to lower the reputaton of our most popular and pretentious Academies, Lyceums,; Seminaries, and Gymnasiums. The Commissioners, indeed, do not adopt this inference, but trace the defect they have detected to the carelessness with which the public patronage -is exercised. But patronage, however carelessly exercised, is uniformly bestowed upon boys professing to have had some education; the result is, therefore, the fairest possible test of - the extent to- which education n - thes'e inbjects is neglected. :-'--We:d esiret~-rwno atrine&Jnferences from this report, but it ' would be impossible to deny' that it establishes some conclisioiis of the very gravest nature. with reference to the public service, and the present education of the'*rmiddle and upper -classes. The first is, that the power possessed by Ministers of State of appointing persons to situations has. be½en abused to a degree which nothing but - the most undoubted testimony could have led us to believe-possible. That one person out of three should have been rejected -altogether, and that the standard-should bekept injuriously low in order 'hat- the-public service might not be- damaged by a paucity of appointments, are facts which -those who met the aspersions cast on the Civil Service with a general laudation will find it impossible to get over.- - The seciond inference is a not very satisfactory estimate of the efficiency of a service every third member of which ought, it appears, on no overstrained estimate of proficiency, - to have been rejected altogether. A third is as to the disgraceful state of the education whi'h produces such fruits. A fourth inference is, that the matter cannot be allowed to rest here, and that, while there are in the country innumerable young men 'of talent and good education able to satisfy the 'reqiuirements of the public service, it is monstrous to lower the standard of writing and spelling in order that the public service maynot suffer by the rejection of too many of those incompetent persons to whom these appointments are confined. If so many of the clerks - we - jet even under the present system are bad, and if, as the Commissioners say, competition xecures a much higher rate of attainment, on what principle will. Government justify the -filling these -offices with worse men when better are to be had, and withholding from the great body of the nation the entrance to its own- service, in order to lavish patronage on idleness, ignorance, and ineffi'ciency ?
If 'there be one point more clear than another in contemporary history, it is that the presence of Mr. S_THrrH OB3'Baf in his native country cannot be attended cwith the sma)lest danger to the State. -Dtlnng-ean-be furmther from- ou-wish--or-design- ian tqciyq a word, 'which could- add- bitterness- to. the situation of this -rksh exile, but, inutruth, we can scarcely write a 'sentence on- the side of -mercy without wa-iang 'some allUtsion to the character of the enterprise which brought him into trouble. - Had the-movement-for we can scarcely callit the rebellion-with which3Mr. SMrrr OUBaRIE was mifed up -been- of a serious nature, had tha'peace of the country really been broken, had 'a drop of -blood been shed, there can be no doubt that the-man with whom that enterprise originated would net have been a fit object for the exercise of the merciful prerogative of the CRowN. The contrary of all this however was the case. There was a -paltry riot in a cabbage-garden-the country entirely-refused its adhesion to the Surr O'BRinE dynasty-not even a pig was injured; the bubble burst, and the foolish persons who had amused themselves-with playing at treason found themselves within the-grasp of the constables, and indue course lodged in gaol. It may be said, however, if such and so paltry was the character of this abortive rising, why all the pomp and solemnity of the trial? -why the deportation of the convicts ?-why their enforced residence on the other side of the globe? The answer is that, as far as intention was concerned, the prisoners were as guilty as though the country had been deluged with blood. *They did their worst -t6raise the standard of rebellion in their ovn division of the empire, and to expose it to all the horrors of civil war. There is this also to be said. When Mr. YBn-i and his companions were called up before the tribunal which was to try their case, and, after this, when their sentence was submitted to the QuEEN's Governmentfor approval1 the condition of Ireland was not understood as it is at the present moment. Who, indeed, can say that Ireland would have been as free as it is at present fromintestine broils had a number of political firebrands remained aimong so iniflammable a people ? Nothing colld- be more melancholy than was the state of Ireland for the twenty years which followed the adoption of Roman Catholic Emancipation. Ireland was the patrimony of political agitatorsher unfortunate people the raw material out of which the most recldess demagogues sought to spin the web of fortune. It is much to be questioned if, with the exception of one single mau ' of genius, there ever was a band of political agitators so totally destitute of ability -as the Irish' demagogaes. The only point. which they seemed-really to understand was that, uinder the auspices of OUCoixra;T, by the help -of the priests, aind by the wilckst-and most senseless-declamation,_ they could at any time lash the most excitable- and ignoYant peasantry in Euirope into madness. - There was no doubt that the gatherings under the rule of O'Cows-LLi might at one time have turned to mischief. The Irish Dictator hurled weekdy defiance from Conciliation-hall in the. teeth of the Government. The peasantry through three districts of Ireland were disaffected. to the CaowE. NOmancouldtell where it was all to end. - -There were denunciations fromxthe altars, and shootings 6f landlords, and monster gatherings, and-open solicitationi to rebellion. - Well, there was an end of that. -DAm O'CoNELL shivered at the ' shadows of his own purpose, and drew back in time. The excitement, however, remained, and of this -Mr. Samr O'BEsN and his associates wereunotslow to take advantage when the reins of empire Ead slipped from the nerveless grasp of the younger O'CoNioLTs. Hfis idea and that of his associates differed from O'CowxLism in this respect, that the Roman priests, -who were'the trusted itbody page would have been addod to tlie history of Ireland. All this is passed and gone. There is not another countiy in'Europe which s. undergone.o great a change within the last five years as IreLaDn The physical, the social, the political, the intellevtual, the religious condition of the Irish people in 1855 must be taken as separated by the breadth of a generation from their condition in 1848. If Mr; Sarrmr O'Bxxss be granted pernission to retmun to his native country, he will find it far beyond the reach of those distempered dreams in which he was wont to indulge, even if the salutary air of AustTalia have notswept them from his-brain. Something; too, is due to his conduct as an exile, which has been that of a gentleman and a man of honour. Whatever his opponents may have thought of his political wisdom, certainly there is not one of them who would not be ready to grasp his hand and to welcome his returm. In this respect his' conduct stands out in most honourable contrast to that of the paltry runaways from their plight&d word who were his fellows in exile. As far as we can express the public opinion, we may very truly say that everybody would be glad to hear that. 1Ir. Sgmz O'BRrs- was restored to his country and his friends. We do not believe that there is any, danger in such a step, whatever his future conduct may be; but, at the same time, we most fully believe that 1r. Snrr- O'BRmNn would, by his future conduct, show himself sensible of the leniency with which he had been treated. Only, if the favour be granted, let all be geiieOii,slj-ald gracefully done. Let the pardon be complete, and the past forgotten. That is the way to win back hearts.
THE PEACE CONFERENCES. ADMISSION OF PR-USSIA. (BY SUBMARI.E .iD BBDSH TzEGzaiuH.) We have received the followinteg telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent .- "BERLIN, WEDN2EAY EvENw?G, HAZCH 12. "Pnrssia has been invited, in the name of the Congress, and for reasons 6f European interest, to send representatives to the Paris conferences, and she will accept the invitation." We have also received the following telegrapliic despatch from our Vienna correspondent:-- "VIENNA, WEDNESDAY EvxhmG "c It has been definitively 'settled that Prussia shal be admitted to the conferences."
- fP-LRELAND. fromoTrm niw'v MPnMI-qpw%v,rn I DUBLOT, WxNESDrY MOnM G. IPP MAY BAN-K. Another motion in reference to the affairs of this unfortanate bank was argued yesterday before Baron Richards, in the Court of Exchequer .- " Mr. W. Smith said, in the case of 'I ichael Carroll v. Wilson Kennedy,' sued as the public officer of the Tipperary Bank, he hadtomove, on the part of the defendant, that he should have, under the peculiar circumstances, three wees further time to lile' his defence in this action. It a- peared that he was sued as if he represented the bank, and the plaintiff sought to recover from him a sum of uDwards of 1,300g. of alleged deposits made in this banl;, without giving any credits. It was stated in the affidavit that on the 20th of February last the bank stopped payment, vithin the mneaning of the 3Wd of George IL, chap. 14-the old Bankers' Act of Ireland; that on?,the 21st of Febraary a petition was presented by-Rafferty, in the Court of Chancery, under the Winding-up Act of 1848 and 1849, seeldng to have the company dissolved and the affairs wound up; and that on the 4th of March the Master of t'e Rolls made an order in the usual terms, referringthe matter to Master Murphy, who was entitled to conduc' the whole proceeding without reference to the Court, except by way of appeal. On the 5th of IMarch 3Mr. Kennedy broughtthe order into the office, and the first duty of the Master was the appointment of an official manager, who would, under the teris of the bt, bei nwitlrth w ers imilar to those posseased by the assignee in bankruptcy he ha afixed Saturdaynext fof that purpose, the arliest day on which'it could be done, as two Gazelte notices, bekides notices in the public newspapers, were requred. It appeared bythe affidavit before him that the numberof actions at that time-and it had since increased a little-was no less than 75, commenced by creditors of the bank against the public officer, as Mr. Kennedy ws npposed to represent the Dank, which was ainatterof somequestion. Under these circumstances, unil the officidal nianager be appointed, there would be no power or capacity in any person to defend any of these actions. ." Mr. D. C. Heron having been heard on the part of Mfichael Carroll, "Baron Richards said,-In this case I entertain no difficulty. I would be very slow-on theone hand, to make any order which would be likely to damage the unfortunate creditors of this concern, whose cases are deserving of the test consideration; and, however grievous it may be forindividal members of t}e Joint-Stock Companyto be called upon to make good the defaults of others, there is no help for it, and they must unquestionably come forward to the uttermost penny they possess to make up the defalcations of those ' who have made awaay with the property and assets of the bank,l and I hope sufficient wil ultimately be realized to pav all these unfortunate and innocent depositors and generalecreditors of the concern; but, instead of damaging them by the order which I am about to make, I think if I were to allow all these individual actions to go on-I might almost say at random-as at present, the great probability is that they would do these parties themselves, and the great bulk of the l creditors generally, a great deal of mischief. There is a mode prescribed by whicli the affairs of the bank will be wound up with reasonablei economy, in a way which will, I hope, give satisfaction to all parties, and proceedings to that effect rre now in progress. At the same time, although that is my feeling on the subject, I do not, sa that such -would have been my view had a direct applecation to stay proceedings inany particular matter waiting the Chancery proceeding which is now pending been made-and should an application of that kind be brought before this Court at any fuiture period it will know how to deal with it; but the present application is not made in that form It comes from a banlkng firm now in a bankrupt state, who say-which is quite right-that there is nopersoutodefendthisconcernfor the benefit of the great body of the shareholders from the variety of actions which have been brought against it, and that in this particular case an action is bronghtagainstthem which they are really not in a condition to lead to atthe resent time, non contf4 but they may have a proper defence when they come to examine the aceounts and in. vestigate the matter. At present there is no one to look into it, but they expect in the course of a vervfew days that an official person will be appointed whose duty it Will be to look into all these claims; and, of course, in those which were made before the illing of the petition the parties will be allowed to go on and get judgment if they think it of any consequence to-do so, and will make their application in the necessary way. But at present the dCbri of the company say they are not in a condition to answer the demands-to say vhether in trnth the money is due, or whetherthe action ought or ought not to be defended; and. regard being had to the pocition of all parties in thisunfortanate concern, I can understand the truth of that very well I therefore have no hesitation in mzaking an order giving tio the defendant in this case (the public officer)-for he is nothing more-one fortnight to pleadto this action; andthisorderis withoutprejudice to his maldng further application, as he maybe advised or think ecessary, i the event of his not being prepared at the epiration of that period. With aegard to the judgment thathhas been marked, I set that judgment aside, and I shall not allow the costs of markiDng it, but I thinklhe parties intist have the costs of this motion. " Mr. Smith.-Excluding this affidavit? "'Baron Richards.-I cannot say that; they may have really thought these matters important to bring forward, and itmustbe recoUected that this is the case of a creditor struggling for his demand. fxr. Snith.-The creditors have an undoubted right to svmathy, but the great bulk of the shareholders are, I t"B,anot altogether undeserving of consideration. Baron Richards.-Indeed they are not. 1Mr. Smith urged that no differenoe would be made to the creditors by extending the time to three weeks, as no one could look into thebooks at present. "Baron Richards.-Well, let the time be extended to three weeks. " rx. Smith.-Your Lordship will allow me to make an observation with regard to a statement made here and elsewhere-, about which there appears to be a good deal of misconception. A notion has gone out, in consequence of what occurred in the Rolls Court, that the assets of the company consist only of 35,000l., of which sum but 5,000l. odd exists in cash, and has been lodged to their credit in the Bank of Ieland, the balance consisting of the current -bills, but this doss not include all the overdue bills and securities which the bank held. "Baron Richards.-Iam very glad to hear it. "The same rule which l as made in the foregoing motion applies to seven other cses in the list ofcthedafor iarng; the remaining applications staad over til the next sitting of the court on Friday." CoxntstuLTioN *. OF n PnIn2CEss RoYAL.-The confirmation of her Royal Highness the Princess Royal will take place in Her M!Ajost?s private'
i SECOND EDITION. 1 - TH-E TIMEBF?WCE, Thursdady Momning. EXPRESS.FROM PARIS. -The following is the letter of ourFaris correjpoL.dent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. Thef Plenipotentiaries met to-day at the usuaihour in conference. Nothing hastranspired asyet. A priv te letter from Vienna of the 8tth compaina of the compilete absence of news in that capital, ana that every6i le there, as elsewhere, has hlis eyes fixed on ParAs and on the doings of the Congress. Prince Gortsebakoff, ,whose melancholy has reached the lighest point, ,,is, positively about to quit Vienna. ThePrincedoesnot'showmuchcouragein his disgrace; he has taken it too.much to heart, yet fancies he can conceal what e'veryone knows. He gives out that he is summonei'Q to St. Petersb.urg for some temporary purpose, bn't the summons means no.- thing more or less than a. recal from hif post. Iadeed, it had been difficult; .if not morally:impossible, after the boastful and arroga-nt tone of his policy at the Court of Vienna, and the1 sad chane which had come over it, that he should re.main - 3 There is still more oscillatioir in thepublic mind in Vienna on the question of war and ppco than ini Paris, and there, it would :appear, the spbech of the Emperor Napoleon produced pretty much the same effect as here.- To many members of the Dlplomatic Corps atVienna it seemed much miiore pecific than-people h-d aounto- expec.t-4that capital, also, it was believed in well-informed qgarters that the Paris Conferences -were going -on as well as could be, and better than was anticipated. A letter from Warsaw, of the 6th-his the following - "'Prince Michael Gortschakoff has displayedthe greatest activity during the 20 days he has been with us. After having made himself acquainted with the tate of the country from the documents which had been left by his predecessor, he conferred at once with the principal functionaries, and slummoned to Warw General Labmzoff, Commndant of a corps of infantry at uIlin, as also General Surgeff, commanding at Radom,who bojh fumished him with all the information as to the miTtary part of those two provinces. Theirgarrisoniunited amounts tonear40,00 men. If Prince Gortschaloffadded to this mneasure another stilmore popular, that is, if he obtained from the Emperor Alexander IL an amnesty of a more comprehensive kind than the last, and drawn up so as not to leave °oous for the mistakes of interpretation so familiar to the Russians, he would have merited well of the country. "General Theodore Pasklvwitsch, Aide-de-Camp to the Emperor, arrived here 12 days ago, in order to settle the affairs of his father. The Pince. of Warsaw has left a fortune less cot;siderable than was at first thought, but which, every deduction made, does not amount-to less than 52,00D,000L "On the 2d inst. some depiorable accideuts occurred. Some imprudent persons who veltured on the-Tistula disappeared under the ice,: which :had been looselued and displaced by the change of temperature for the -list few days. Two or three persons were drowvned." We read in the Ind6,j.ndodame Belge, under date Hamburg, 9thinst. "According to letters received this morning from ]Kie, it appears that the English Government has r,;solved to reinforce by several ships of the line the blockadinig squadron, limited at first to twvo frigates -and four corvettes. Theis letters state that several liners, *hich are to be placed under Commodore Watson's orders, are daily' expecte&?t Kiel and that the frigate Euryalus has been directa to await iii that port the arrival of those reinforcements. The naval force assembled at the Danish islau& of Moe-i will accord. ingly only consist of four corveies ordered there from Elsinore, and the 50 gun friga4 ImpDreuse, on board of which the Commzander of the squadron has-hioisted his fag. The Enlglisl CoCmynodore, as well as all the i3aval officers. who went ashore during their xrcent yisit to Kie', publicy manifested their disple; ur"Ae prospect o° the coneln sion of peace. They opganl avowed their anxietyfor tVe continuation of the and a third campaign; which, they say notd-pr6ve so fruitless as the two, first. They declaredthat, by means of her new and immense armametit, England, with her navy alone, would to-daR be able p destroy Swreaborg, Cronstadt, and all the other fortresae 'cof Russia in the Gulfs of Bothnia and Finland. I do noe presume to question the probability of the success of the English fleet in these Russian waters, bit if -we are to believo the numerous persons who daily arrive at amburg fom the Baltic provinces, all the fortresses have been placed, since the departure of the alied squadrons, in a trnly formidable state of defence. All the points along the coast susceptible of being attacked and serving as landing places, have been fortified and provided with such means of, resistance that, in order to attack them with soccess, the assailants must be prepared to suffer immense -2osses in men and mateiel." The following private telegrapbic despatches have beenreceived :- " hBEP.L1, McH IL "Md. de Rochow, who illed Ea . THinkeldey, Director. General of the Police, in a duel, is one of :the youngest members of the Chamber of Nobles. Before fighting, 3L Hink-eldey resigned his functions, in order to be ablei to do so. " Prince Gortschakoff goes to St. Petersburg, to take perb in the deliberations relative to the diplomatic attitude to be assumed by Russia after the conclusion of peace. IL de Titoff, the Russian Am!bassador at Stuttgard, has been summioned to St. Petersburg for the same purpose.. " The lMlitary Tribunal has been charged with the examination into the duel of Md. de Hinkeldey. Id. de Rochow, who had been arrested, has been set at liberty on giving bail for his appearance if required." "A ARID, luDncn 1L " The Cortes yesterday adopted the first- sii articles of the Municipal BilL The discussion on the budget of receipts will conmmence to-morrow. " The Gazettc publshes the newly reformed tariff;." A decree appears in the Mouniteur of tZ-day, which has given rise to a good deal of remark. It is not the nomination it announces of the widows of two superior officers (one of General Bizot, mortally wounded before Sebastopol, and the other of Colonel de Brancion, of the 10th Regiment, killed also before Sebastopol) to a responsible and dignified position, that has excited the spirit of criticism. On the contrary, nothing could be more praiseworthy than the -selection of these ladies for the post of governesses to the future children of the Emperor. The terms n.ed in desig. nating them are, however, what peoplie find Luati. with. M3Iadame Bizot and'Madame dte-Brancion are - named in the decree-" Governesses of the Children of Fra-nce" (les enfanis de FranZcc). This designation was, as everybody knows, peculiar to the elder or legitimate branch of the Bourlions. " Prince Imperial" has as noble a sound as " Eifant de France." Lolis Napoleon is Emnperor of the French, and not Emperor of-France, and his children should be Iperialc Princs and not Eifia9s deFmnce.! The expression tob is ominoui: it calls'to mina the fate of -those who last-bore that title in France, The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. SOc. for the end of the month; the Four-ana-a-Half per Cents. at 94W. 25c.; and the New-Loan-at 73£. c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,278f. 75c.; Great Northern, 987f. Wc.; Strasburg, 9Mf. ; new shares, 822f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, I ,250L; Lyons to the Mlediterrmnean, 1,560f.; Western of France, 878f. '5c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 762f. 50c.; Great Central of Yrance, 055.; Lyons and Geneva, 7&5f.; Bank of Cr6dit Iobilier, 1,585f.; Austrian Railways, 92sf. Cours Authzenique.- 'AIMS, Miarho 12.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cer;ts. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 25c. SOc.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per centt, paid), 94f. 25c.; ditto Certifimtes (45 per cent. paid), 94M. 25c.; Three per Cents.. 72f. lo3c, 50c. 60c. 80c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72f. 65c.; eitto tecond Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 72f. 501c. 7Sf. 72? 75c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 72f. 5oc. 73f. 72f. 75c.; Baenc of France, 3,4509.£ Cr&dit Foncier, 670£. G75-.; ditto ObLi- gations of 50f., Four per Cents., 450f. * ditto Three per Cents., 415f.-; diitto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; CrEdit Moblier, 1,57i-M. 1,580f. 1,5S2f. 50c. 1,5S&. 7ec. 1,580£. 1,5S7f. 50c. 1,458f;, Discount Bank, G50E.; Pied,. montese Five per, Vent'., 9Wf. - 50c. i Belgian Foer-and-a. Half per Cents., 9Q ; Romans, S74; Spanislh Three per Cents., 42. lxenange cn London. at 3gbt, MoAey, 25f. 377Ac.; throm nouths, money, 241 97:,.
TME ARMISTICE IN -THH -CILThLA. * (FRoM om; OWN oORRZSPoND:&DE.1 CAMP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, F£B 2S. This morning brought us news of the conclusion of an armistice. The Russians had it first, by telegraph fromSt-. Petersburg. At 8 a.m.aboat, bearingailagof truce, put off from the north side, and was met halfway- across the harbour by one from the French. The Russians brought a conmnuffca,Lo1 of the alrmistice from General Lfiders, and the mail from Constantinople, which arrived early to-day, brought its confirmation to the allies. To-morrow mornint, at 10 o'clock, there is to be a nieeting of the Russian and allied officers at Tratkdr-bridge, to arrange D~e details of the truce. It is believed that-this will amo:ut to very little more than a cessation of fire, and that a line of demarcation will be drawn-midway between ite advanced posts, which will limit walks,. rides, shootiztg parties, <c. People here seem generally well pleased that the s-wension of arms is to be only.until the ~31st of Marchi, Previously to that ditte little could be done in tlw way of military opex4iions. Meanw1ef.l and as if to celebrate the anist, the so-called *ihite BuiIdis were blown Up this ziteinloonl. Itb-lle knoQwn 3i1 the couxs .of the. meniing .What tb eplosion s -fixed for half-past ;~and that the irig in the lbckyaxd Creek was also to be blo.l up, by wayf' experiment, and- for the pa ar gra-fiuation of Mr. Deane, "the infenal di-.er.2' So, soon after S o'clock, specta!ors began to, as. semble at the Redan, in front of Picket-housavil,. on Cathcart's-hill, and in other eemmanding rositions. There -was not a very stroirg muster at any of these places, for we are rather bls6 in the mnater of explosions; and, although the e3ay was bright and sunny, the ground was very heary with mud and snow, and the cold too sharp tX boe pleasant. There wzas a certain amount of snowballig among the pedestrians, which, doubtless, contributed to keep up a supply of caloric, and one or two base attacks were made upon unfortunate equestrians who, not having snow within their reach, or a supply of readymade snowballs in their pockets, had no choice but to charge their assailants or resort to ignominious flight. The majority of the horsemen sat ruefally awaiting the blow up; a canter for 'varmth would have been desirable, but the ground -was most unfavourable-deep and spread with a sheet of snow, concealing holes. Half-an-hour passed; feet were very cold, noses very blue, fingers hardly felt the reins, grumbling was heard: "It is nearly 4 o'clock; why the deuce doesn't it go offs' Patience is, I fear, not a very common virtue in the Crimean army. An impromptu "shave," suggested by the circumstances of the moment, was passed about. " Pelissier is comin n: they wait for him." 2Now, it so happened that Pelissier was Iot coming. The armistice gives him something to do and think of, and moreover, he came a few days ago, it having beenn otified to him that the White Buildings were then to blow up, which they did not. So he no longer pult his faith in the unpunctual engineers of perfidious Albion, but stayed away. Some French and other foreign officers came; some of them were in the Redan, and others, who came from the French head-quarters, were on the slope in front of Picket-house-hill, just over the ravine, waiting patiently and confidingly. Another half-hour passed. A quarter past 4, and no explosion. Strong language began to be used; w.ishes were uttered whose fulfilment would certainly not be desired by the engineers, at whose door, rightly or wrongly, the delay vas laid. The third half-hour had not quite elapsed when a report spread that the explosion was put off. According to some accounts, it would occur in an hour and a-half; according to sthers, to-morrow, while a third party talked of nest week; and there was a general movement campwards. A- few Artillery offlcers still- stuck to the Redan; Picket-househill was quickcly cleared, except of one or two obstinate expectants, and Cathcart's was abandoned by many; when, behold! just at a quarterto 5, when few of the weary who had departed could have reached their quarters, and some could have been but a hundred or two yards on the wrong side of the hill-crests, out gushed a small puff of white smoke from the White Buildings, then a big puff of olack smoke; there was a slight explosion, a grmbsinlg roar; stones were hurled into the air and pitched high above the eastern wall into the docks, and then, after a silence which seemed to last nearly a minute, came a series of pops and puf as the mines went off in rapid succession, and an immense volume of smoke arose, not in dense sluggish masses slowly surging up, as at the explosion ofPort Nicholas, but in a thinner cloud, which rose so high that the summit of the murky cohlun-wav iisible over Picket-house-hill to persons some way down the Woronzoff-road, where it passes through, the ig¢,ht Division camp. WVhen the smoLe cleated off the damage did not appear so great as was expected. The walls of the buildings still stood, except the nlorth-east corner. Doubtless the inside had suffered, and, indeed, there were appearances indiating thnat much damage had been done. Later, at about a quarter to 6, when. it was supposed that all was over, and everybody had abandoned the points of observation, another series of explosions was heard. Of these I have not yet ascertained the effect. After the explosion of the buildings Fort Constantine sent a solitary shell into the French side, so I suppose the armistice is not considered to be perfect until after to-morrow's conference. FBRuIARY 29. There was a lively and novel scene at 10 o'clock this morning at Traktir-bridge. At its further encd the white flag was hoisted, and just beyond it were halted some five and twenty Cossacks, who had escorted thither the Russian General Timoieff and his Staff. The Generals, who had met to arrange the details of the armistice, occupied two tents, pitched on a strip of green sward in the rear of the bridge. At a few minutes past 10 General Barnard and some Staff officers rode down through the ravine between the two hills on which the battle of the Tchernaya was chiefly fought, and crossed to the other side. of the river. There were, perhaps, halfa-dozen other English officers, about as many French, and a much larger number of Sardiniaus. All these went over the bridge, and a sort of fraternization ensueed between them and some Russian officers-that is to say, there was a good deal of civility, and some il-treatment of the French and German languages; but, as to carrying on much conversation with our Muscovite friends,. it was not an easy matter, for there seemed a mutual embarrassment as to what subject to pitch upon. Horses were a natural theme, and the Russians expressed inuch admiration of some of those present, and were probably rather astonished at their good condition. :But the great object ,of curiosity to -us was the fur-capped Cossacks, around -whom the. allied officers assembled, examining their arms and equipments and entering into cotaversation, which, in most cases, was carried on by signs. They were slender, wiry men,-ugly enough, most of them,-mounted on small, rough, active horses, and carrying, besides sword and carbine, flagless lances, whose long black poles terminated in a small butvery sharp pointed steel head. They seemed wvellpleased to cultivate the acquaintance of their enemies, and also had evidently an eye to the main chance. One of the first things I saw was a Cossack corporal proposing a barter to a Sardinian officer. The latter had a tolerably good riding,whip, for which the astute child of the Don insisted on swapping a shabby sort of instrument of-torture, of which his pony is doubtless rejoiced to be rid. The Sardinian hesitated, the Cossack persisted, and the exchange was effectedA the officer looking, as T thought, rather ruefully after his departed rar,aIoh, and somewhat contemptuously at the shabby but characteristic stiek andthong he had receivedifor it. The signal thus given, the whip trade soon acquired great activity. Probably some of the officers present were ready enough to give a tolerably good whipfok a bad Cossack one, as a souvmirof the day's proceedings and of the commencement of the arnistice. It had been expected that videttes wvould be placed, and that very little freedom of intercourse would be allowed beyond the bridge of Traktir, and people at firat thought themselves, fortunate in ge S ting over tho bridge anid having a good view of t-tp, Cossacks and a chat with some stray Russian* of fiex. rresently, however, as the maorning, which ho4 previouz1y been cold and nw, advanced,.' sr t sun shone bright and waxm, and the dry, g qay aiid shrub-grown plain of the Tchernay, tooked tempting for a canter, oRoers began to gA Tesiless, aurd to move away frxm the bridge ae:,s a small stream or diteh, and up a strip of, level ground leading to a sort of moniunent, a, uquare .pedegtal of rough stone surmiounted by a dwarf pillar,.of io particular order of architetzre, aild concern"i. whose origia and object thJ. Russians, of whoma inquiry )Yw 1 oade, coulk say nothnig. SonlQe mIQl' Pardinian and efich officers ha,. by this time come down, but; besicd £Efi6s; evngaged in- tkh conference and attached to 'Gen67i WIudan ' I S, I do not think there wre a doA knglieh- officers-obi the ground. The genex-1 d4bsition of all seeintz to be. to move outwards in the diriction of the Russian lines. People did not knoew how far they might go, and acoordingly felt their -way, cantering aero a t,it of level ground, and up a, hi}l, and then p4vving to- lok about - them ana reoonnoitre the comtry stid *ee whether there was y signof obstafqs to fu tbei1 progress. The soil wv w ax~ lihfi ianrf naturo than it generally i§ foind to be ;ithi3nj o lines; in some pLaces it w&g rather thicklysprinel with busliw, saplings, and *4l weeds. Seve7l br&ib' of red-legged padges were spring, some ef theamt sOnear our orses' feet thatahunting-whip voudtd have reached -em. As the m9niing advancedIthw field grew largte, A French General wasthere with, his Sftafand se=ral French fsar offlicers. N_mbers of Sardiniam came, but the English were Ae~tained in camp 1y a muster palade, and maty also had been miiformed that the meeting ce the Generals was tot to take 5iace until 12S or 1. By thisf tine we Were) getting far on towards the Rus: n lines and kNteries, when the field began to spread out, some taldng to the ri-ht, nd getting very teaor to a Comrak vidette, wro seemed rather puzz1fii to account Sbr the presenceof so many strange lorsemen 'within musket shot of his post, and who, zaer once or twiec begin- ztom circle in signal of mi. enemy's appIcmch, reccived a reinforceement in thcsbhape of ano-V{er C05sacT. who rode. down the 3I1 as if tcx warn the intruders off forbidden ground. .*A ther iparty of gallopers went -cloim up to the: battery IMDown as No. 49, and held comnanion with. some videtes, with whomi they smokedi an amicabl7 egarette, until a Russift officer camep and poitely informned them in French that his orders were to allow no one to ccZe anyfurh and' that he hoped they would retim ,which they-of, coase- did. Ilore to the left, a eunierous bod;r, of horsemen, followed, by a straggling array oi3 Zonaves, Ubiasseurs, :3ersaglieri, aiid other- in_ fiantgr soIdiers,. who had made their way to the I ground, rode np to the ridge just belw the- sptrh of the'il to> the south-east of Inkerreaun. flero they were very near the Russian pickets,-. and within particulary convenient shot of varioie bat- teries, had these thought proper to open, and-there - most of them paised, for to go. further really looked like abusing the good-nature of the enemy, whothus allowed us to profit by the conference to enjoy a ride further into the Russian territory than -any one has been since this camp was formed, and to take a near view of their positions and defences. Only: half-a-dozen adventurous and inquisitive spirits pushed aheadc and seemed as if tley intenriti charging a Russian battery, and the videttes began to move ineasily about in this direction also, when up came a Sardinian Staff officer at full speed, liis blue plume streaming in the wind, and gave chase to the forward gentlemen, shouting to them to return. They, seeing theniselves thus cut off in the rear, and perhaps to avoid a rebuke, made a retrogradeflank movement, escaped their pursuer, and rejoined the main body; and, as orders were now given that no one should go further, a return towards the bridge became pretty generaL The horses, long accustomed to sink to the fetlock in horrid Balaklavan and Sebastopolian mire, seemed to enjoy the change to the firm, springy turf beyond the Tchern'aya; more partridges were sprung, to the immense tantalization of some there present, who would have given a anonth's pay for a day's shooting over such ground; some hares were also started, and one of them was vigorously pursued by a subaltern of a sporting turn, who'e baggage pony, however, was soon left far in rear by puss'8 active boiuds. On reaching the bridge a halt was again called round the group of Cossacks, and all eyes were fixed on the two neat blue and white-striped tents, with awnings over their entrances. Some of the Generals were standing outside, and it was evident the conference was drawing to a close. A short delay ensued, which I perceived that the Cossack corporal availed himself of to exchange his Sardinian whip for a much better French one, the receiver of the former doubtless ima3gining he had secured a genuine Russian article. Then cocked hats and feathers were seen moving among the horses near the tents; orderlies and escorts mounted; the Cossacks did the same, and presently English, French, Sariinlan, and Russian Generals and Staff rode over the bridge and between a double line formed bythe spectators: General Timoieff, a soldierly-looking rnan of agreeable physiognomy, rode ffrst, and smilingly returned the salutes with which he was received. General Windham was close beside him, a little in rear. There was an escort of French Chasseurs-h,Cheval and a small one of the 11th Hussars, and the big. horses and tall, well-fed men, of the latter strikingly contrasted with the puny, although hardy steeds, and with the meagre frames of the Cossacks, who seemed to regard them with some wonderment, while the lussars glanced at them as if they thought that one squadron of theirs I would have an easy bargain of half a dozen sotnias of such antagonists. The cortege proceeded a short distance into the plain, and then the aMied portion of it tookl leave of " ios amis les ennemis," and retraced their steps to the bridge. They had passed over it, and the crowd of spectators was following, when they were met by a throng of officers from the English camp, coming down to see the fun, which, unfortunately, was over. Nevertheless they were pressing forward across the bridge, and would doubtless, hadtheybeen allowed, have ridden up to the Bilboquet battery, or across to Mackenzie's Farm, for it is an a3iom out here that nothing will stop an English infantry officer, mounted on his favourite baggager ;but a FrenchStaff captain, seeing what was likelyto ensue, ordered the sentries to allow no one to cross thebridge. As we rode up the ravine between the two] mamelons which witnessed -such sharp fighting on, the 17th of August last we met scores more ofEnglish officers coming down, only to be turned back. Therewere still a great number of the allied officers and soldiers scattered over the valley, butdoubtless they will all have returned to our lineswithout annoyance, juldging from the induleeae, and courtesy shown throughout the morning by tie Russians to ramblers somewhat beyond bounds.. The Genelal officers who met to-day were-Goneral Timoieff, Chief of the Staff of the 4th Corps-of the Russian army, which is in front, and furnishes the advanced posts; Generals de Martimprey and Windham. and Colonel Count Petitti, Giiiefs of the Staffs of the French, English, and4 S.rdinian armies. The three latter were deputed by their Generals-in-Chief to present the prop9os&s of arnmistice which these had discussed andi decided pon.- Their mission extended no further4 and eneral Timoieif, not being authorized to7accept those proposals without - referring them> to his General-in-Chief, -merely took a copy; of& them, which he will transmit to General Lilderss.-who is said to be now close at hand. It is proBab-1, therefore, that there will be another intelnie7p for the definitive arrangement of the terms. Altogether, there were a good numbez oi Russian officers at and near TraLtir-bridge-to-day.. Some of them were stroling by twos and thrve& i} the fields at a short distance beyond, and. wheni these were descried there, wasusually a regu,ilav charge down upon theni by the allied ofcers, ,ea%erto mak-e their acquaintance. Thleir m,anner .w« g-erally gravo. and rather rerved, but theyconveraedikeadily, an all had the;tone and appearace.;of:well-bred maew. S3ome of Y;henwere very y.ung, There was me youth o£~ 1S, who namec'd. tbR us t4e reg,iment of, ussars m-i which h% wast, an officer, aad; seemed k-nowing abouL horsie' pointing ou-X.th.i English ones from arpng tci, 'Nrench, lta-lans, and Arabs that stooi axrouin. All-eva y as. well as nfantry, anAithe_QRWmal and his.Staffworotthetlong uniform great-eoat of a sort 4iibrosn aua gry mixture, and seewd-to have no other ins u2df rank tharsthe dif52eat colours and: lace ao the sioulder stra2' The -was also a diaerence efi 4iwviess in the cl-3th of. itrj coats from that of itte sobiiers, but tUs at a lzqxy short distance was nob ' &went. Tb,:% staff -Ere -white kid. tloves, aM&. 3zoticed some, of thewa with smart patent leather |tboOts*eleg?,Acies razil:y seen in ouiL. part of the t irn,o.. *To iretuD to ye..Jvrday's eDcp1osikas .-Te.5N1ii Buildihi blowrn up were form4ry baaTaQks, m form tii north and west sides vf a sqar, w thlid side is merely a walL Witlin this squmre (*r.; wbiel the fourth side is waubing) wore bai}dimgs 'of aiior importance-among teiyu one suXmmItiSby a cloclk-towor. The int& Ui- wa, a5 I llder.tand, to blow np the buildinwu, but tG Xtal.We outer walls atWading, 5o ^5 t mask thlle POT"Ur asof. aly workavmen or fatigl~~ parties tll,hitalerwards be eIlupiQod inside The biiildiig 1bom,o very extei sions.I know there-were-no death,,-during the -week ;endingzo xiionday,. Iet,and_inTe ii glIt Division there were none,dumn-g,the-f6rtnigh1t preceding that; date.. Thei meur-.wwhealtkys, and lsok well Thereis astrong reportfan app-o3hing:enge in the supreme mnanagenieui ofth edcil department. Dr.. 1aI. it is3,said, i5 .gging .to E d4 and Dr. Alexander will reigvin. -ins stead; a~- spectorGenerL.of :Rospitalsin'Tukey.. The pmxnnotion of the latterigen±Ieman Idagive ,en ~aLisfaction, ,for. he. has served out l ere!roni tli&veij oernenceaent of the-war, withUt. ever. being alieutfrom his-dtyan&hs-idgE'-qzatiowcas-an army surgeon.are-weRl known anudiuiversay dinitted. sive, t lsirge iiumber of miuf were prepared, uiit it appears th;m; the snow-w#9r fitered rn gnd damnpedsomeofthecharges. Ihlimm notheardthedtush of the delay in the hlist explosion, bwt t]fe interval b- tween t'he two arose from accidents iubghappened ,.tothefu. es. Pirts of the inner wall of the building lithlremnain. 5oine of the buildings in-the centre of the 9qnare lLwa ben overthrown; among others, -the clok-towerj y hich yesterday mornmig was a convcuoui object, vas levelled with the dust by one of -Me aeood series- ef explosions. As far as the ex.- 1pi&nM took place,'. believe their rsuilt to, ave ee1 xatisfactoiy; bL% there is by no means that eqea*. sweep: and tot.'d downfal of- the whole of 1lw buildings whiciz was anticipated, and *SiM1 -'Y oow learn w.s for.the reason above esiWned;. ~ve:r intended. kr. Deane7s experi- #un * -*i brig failed; -I. reason why has yet to Ie5;feirt rr a, It is said jihat Ir. Deane attributw his,ocmional failures to t5te'Aate of the winCX, Wbic?t' hav'e i.r ys.tched1 and 7d0, and are no longerto l1- iVbeitly rdied IlOi. Ee appears to be iidefati le in, his tndeavo 1ash to overcome diLcujius'nd.pfthIis a ratus. . eJliflflg the 1r2S 1r wexs tVlate4oney-or(ers have beexs. iisued ie1' C.rimnea more than 7,0001. 1 beeii tlsnnitti to Eand. -it for the fndlity afl7ded, byy 7iw -Post-oCce th.ee can be no dvabt-that fyfetiw4 r parof this comsderable rOM would ALvt beenr iquzmdred here im vicious indiulgence, is3add of eifribtding to 1L comfortzof many ahtIm1le-! ioe. Credit .is certainly due- tothe-Pot-,offioa! o4iuii in the East and in Eng:rd, by wDur. as; I ridt rstand, the innovation '%as-first prcVod fwMIth certainty of its occasioinv them rmicd ,ddifona:l[labour and responsib-lity - One can butt fqg.pe-Wt the plan was not adopte; at the ccmrmenoen1tenA the;-war, for it Kassured.r would havt-great d3ni inished drunkenness, ancbhare had u:efiiaJ t uponthearmy. It is to be-observed thet liitft=ta A the demand for orders ha3 pi-ogre -ss,I ineeia e, and as yet shows no dniptoms cl si^renibm, T,000T . in four weeks is at' the raM'of aboii - 0001. a-year; ..and, as thy- money. rLwe 1ed i 1 aid to the )Commissariat, it w6vdj hare: beer so much gless to remit frorn En bhId for. tate. it ants of the tarmy, and th*gkeater par_t,of it, d have been reseued from the sutlers andI Cl reek Nsrde rs of abo-;nble sl7iriEywho, up:tofcujontjjaw3, Phave benefitd by the sorQi4'rs 'suefhieet- s1. The health ofU tha troqwcont4ue excellent, .a:dit .wi.ll realy.be unncesary to-sqy anything more about it; Ultil*it geti- rse.offwhij.^h, happilj+. there is m ppasent pgspect I believe there -were n o..dfbbis in.- tlie'army. la* wi 3ek, althbbugh .there Tmuson-e few in. the. Ihnd ran port CorpS'5, whiebj, fcir reaas 1:iilD give in a futur&letter, is.-far-friorn'beingin,s uchAgod condition as the .iniantrY. and artilkrv.. In snrne div-_
ARXAD AND M-TAXRY. TELBIWENCE. Tlhe fo1owing highly, imnpEfat. Roy3ai warrant has just--been issusec-- "VICTOA;Ra, "Whereasi we hhave dee.dl tived7isalae. to. zlt&w to the widovs and families; or.to.cextin.ofi the relatives herein. after specified,- of.officers of curarmxyvhw , MinceAbo declartion of:' war.-with. Russia,.. havw, been. or. my be killed in action,; or who.,hkve- dk&. c. may- die; of wannds received in face of. the enwa,.withjn,. six, months after being wounded, the. alternatirei . recsivng a, ecd smn of moneyin lieu.of sach.rates.of..pnsioa and.wPeassionate and otheralwnoesas-zare-psribe&oy osarF o52 warrant of the.15th,of.;Jnne;- 1855; .e2adwhereas.,. we wea pleased to issue awarn unideg ourae3pi,s m- nin4 dated the 23d of October; 1855, out, will a&pleaare now is that our said Royal, warnt-of tsl.* 23d of.. Octobc# I855, shall from ' henoeforth 'o ca-aeUelge,anl. fhiftt this- our Roya warrant, to be admiitere d- interprete "By oar Secretary of State for War, shall in,:conse an-lirn thereof, and shall be the sele. andi standing authority -pon the. maters herein contaioed; ,b shall not. annul or in any way invalidate any act heretfore pexformed. by our Secretsry of State for. Warx'udeA.the . oyisieRs-of. Mit last mentioned-marrant." The following circular. mnemorandum. fi. Ae Eorse Guard& datedclMarchi 3,. t1Si, has.'been foaw aaed to the military authorities at Ch'IhaMm: "1 The Field arsbalCommandah in-Chiefdesires that,in allregiments and corps haIng rifled msketinposssaion, the annualzour of. praCtice ,,as prescribed!by. -he 'IsstructionL of Idnaketry,' may coomnence. on the S5th of the present mnonth; and a memnorandini, acknowltdging the, receipt of the present order., is-'ebe -inserted on tile backc e the next onthly progress report -rendered to.the; Cpnirndant at flythe.. - "Ey'co{5'jikmi, "W~ .:F. FORSTER,Deputy-ijutnl General" The. ship Hurku, Cax#ain.Caxik rom. Ceyhm and the Cape of Good Hope,.arrived. at the iintherban;k yesterday. out. l6 days. Capain. Fitzjianes, late Glvernor of Western. Australia laudedfrom: her. in. the- rfternoon at Portsmouth. The paddlewrheeL steam. frig4te ioienno, l; Captain Vansittart, made-un wrpadmentalcraisein the Ohannel on WlDnday; the improvexents-inhereaginea hexelbeen successfl, and by.ta, recent alteratou. in tle boilers 100 additional tons- of: coal can?be.stow&I on. lbeard. She is now in Plymoutheuad.wanitingor.ders.. The steam trarsport Alps, NT82, Captain. Inglis, from Portsmouth, with- a. detachment. ofr the Baitish Germ=n Legion, arrived in.Blynmouth.Soidlox Tuesdsa evening. Yesterday morning a. large- detachment' of the meJ ical staff corps, consisting of 7D hospitaforderlies, left St. 1AD Ary Casemate-barraclha,Chathamj and'prooeeded; to Liver pool. umder the commandof Captaini WV C;:> :Easmln, 88th Connaught:Rangers. The.y, embark- for- Sctulsri on boa .d tha Resolutesteaworn. Another detahment' is ordered to bea held in readinesse for-enbaretioa. by. Capa Bun buly ed that corps. Lieutenant- C.; Tnes, o-. -the 60th; Rtyal riaff F, and a detachment Df non-aonnbaiZs.ed'offie,enraBImen, selected frontliedepOtsaoE the-p.evi3sionsl' behnli4a at Chatham. proceeded to . rravesen. yeeterdsy,,nomg and embarked onxboard'the Wflter. Mertefor.Bocxhay. T hey go out for the purpose of instr iugtbe troalpi-iu Ind' a in the use of the Enildildle. The following offVices ected.fremthe dep ,t of the 40th RegimentatAOhatham, will-esbzerktcr.uorrov ,on board the Epsom, lying in thea IioA`Qn. -1echs, %Qr f she purpose of joining tbiehadd-quars ob-tleIeiTsrpa 1 obart Toun:Lieutenant ~E,a; H:i.Td,' EAv : 1a V eith, nud Ensign Do Neufrille Lacae.. Three_ schoonrees, thtaA.:cos.e So tot and shell from the Low4 uoor.Foi y, cam long&sidIa f ge wharf at Woolwick.-A.enal .stezday ZJMrPxDm. Zia have discharged a considerable pti-en. of, tQti-i fr!Ut , which consists of aboeut.30XtOns. . Six.of these .g .ur g. 3 .ortion of the trophies 5zit hg Axs%Wl-jr.edauds.W,tobs1) l,! Are ordered to be reuQoved thenae..t thc 2&ty,jl A4-7l ery paraide ground on :Wolwich-:nenon. . The Ads x.lty ht1iI.% aster-Commander Allen, sailed yesaer4.y m u fXu f oolvwich for Portsmouth. Two gpmbuts , St Adsuxwae and the Traveller, will ba launchl. tFo-dxy1 at MCessas. e teen's, at BIlackwall, and are to be fAte& out -4$h deapaiha' ;th East India Docks. The gnhboa1e]igl4,launche!Rsq m the buildingyard of 3lessrs.R Wige, of. l.inehous. i 11 go dow0 n to fWoolwich o;a Satar4.yJ* tc rigged anA I ftted for servied.
rHE D.,JECT1E iMtOSRTARS. TO T S ED)ITO :F 0r, E TThi-DM Siz-We have rQaA with much c^ucern tie parkiaiars of ie delate in the lgK.se of Lords oIt" Contract Lwrtars," as rejwited in yolezfaper of to.evy. We are tharo ieost unjustly stUede&.be guilty of aidDi,g defects ib n morthr2 sal3u2 by ms fVtAeOrdnaxr,e. 'We ask tIs pliuUe to Bus-pmk thleir l pneDt orL thlie, -se. %e- cannoI at present eacu)A *at e shiprevtilU itn the G averuiAen to do u3 Mku.ieice of exoneratMiug 1s, from blmne; but. failing i. Aais, 'we peRige ourselves tA staite the whole au.d true p-srtckn'.ars of the case ill yoz columns, and shall be ready to b .de the result. .Lord Paninurehas t,cen misin%frmred on the facts, a r hi is statement has vZn made iwithout resqusirng any prec nious explanation ii-om us. It would have been nsoro cautious, snore -nd, and more just b^a this been dboi before exposin£ isa to puli2ic censura. We trust tltk our character as cmtractors is ;Lt leLast uiscient to justify tho sIsa.ended .judil,sent we ask, and, it, tlse lncauntiw, We anticipate in, difficuity in resuoviD- thle stigmal so AIPjustly and unu EV sarsiy &mat upon us., * -"Wre are. Sir,- Ionr obedient servaAtg, It. AND M. 1). GKIS'iblilj. ! ^lt'SIWB COaal Ironlworkg, L9adou, Laali V.&
TUXKEY AN THE CONFERENCES. (wftrnr nTm OwN OO)RRxPOiDXNTAl CONSTANTINOPLE, MARCH 3. - Political jugglery is alwaysa dangerous expedient, but never moreso than in the tiue of a crisis. It may be succesful for the moment, but is sure to lead to difficulties and to end in failure. - The Turkish Ministry is on the eve of learning ihis political lesson. - I wrote to you some time ago that the present Turkish 1inistry was a child of circumstances, without any unity in ideas or action. The only bond of union lwhich kept its maembers topether was the common deaire to remain in office. gheir head, -the Grand Vizier, Aali Pasha, did not evenuhareminthis desire. Highminded, -but oI a modesty akin to timidity, he yielded to - what he thought a necessity, and was reluctantly drawn into a course of action which-his essentially pasive -moral courage was unable to lead or change. The heterogeneous andc unruly members of the Ministry could only be/kept together by such a charter as could effect a compromise whenever a difficulty arose. A Ministry ruling by a series of. compromises could go smoothly.enough through the routine work, but was oertain- to become unmanageable in a moment - of crisis. The Grand Vizier felt tais, and no one was more anxious than he to support all efforts made for the formation of a strong and united Ministry after the fall of Kars, -which event had sufficiently proved the danger of leaviug the direction of affirs in the hands of such a heterogeneous body as - the present Turkish M1inistry. Unfortunately, events were too rapid, and political combinations too slow. One fine morning Constantinopil waa awoke by the news that Rus;s had accepted the five propositions. of the aDlies,andthe preliminary conferencesforregulating the fout and first points could nolongerbedelayed. -To resign at such a critical moment, and expose the State-to a time of interregnun and confusion, was imposible, so nothing. remained to the- Grand Vizitr but to amume the responsibility of a policy which li felt froin thbe-boginuing. he had no power to FcontroL - In a-Ministry like the present, where the opinions of the members were so diffirent, and- where the head of it could exercise: only a limited influence, it was to be expected that the boldest would carry - The day and take intowr a. the rest, and such was the resilt. But, in order to understand how this was done, I must say' a - few words about the orga* nization ofthe Ministry in Turkey. The Divan, or Ministerial service, is - composed of the following members, having thle ank. of Ministers, n mely,- - - grand Yizier, Presideat. * heikh-ul-Islam. Seraslier, or Minister'of-War.- Capudan Pasha, or Minister of Marine. - The Grand Mster of, Artillery and GovernorGeneral of all Fortreses. Minister of Foreign Affairs. Minister of Finance. l Mistachar- or Counsellor ofthe Grand Vizier, with the functions of 3Minister of the Interior. Minister of the Imperial Household. - Minister of Police.. birector-General of the Mint. Director-General of the Vaoufa, or Religious Foundations. - Only six out of: -the above form what is called the political Ministry. - These are the Grand Vizier; Sheikh-ul-Islam, as Minister of Justice; the Seraskier, the Capudan Pasha, the Grand Master of Artillery, and the Minister of Foreign Affairs. These are what may be called the Cabinet, strictly speaking, which directs the affairs of goverment. In the present instance. even -this number is reduced. Fethi Ahnmed Pasha; the-Grand Master of Artillery, four years ago entirely retired from the Cabinet, and is exclusively intent on his own department. Mehmed Ali Pasha, the CapudanPasha, either because he does notlike to take upon himself the responsibility of the acts of a Ministry which only tolerates him unwillingly, or foresaw the difflculties; and was anxious not to compromise imself, takes no part in the Ministerialdeiberationa,under the plea that his department leaves him no time to do so. - Thustheactual directing Ministry consists only of four members; out of these four two-the Minister of Foreign Affairs and the Seraskier-are united, which givesthemtheadvantage over thetwo others. Besides this, they had likevise another advantage in the position in which the Turkish Government found itEelf with respect to tho allies.- The plea of pres--aure from these latter,. and the - impossibility of resigning at such a-crit.cal mnoment, were the two weapons used by the two leading Ministers. The first embarrassing question which arose was that of the five propositions. In 1853, on the occasion of the Vienna Note, the Western Powers committed- the mistake of accepting a solution of the pending Eastern question without consulting Turkey, for whose independence they were ready to take up arms against Russia, which threatened it, and pressed the Porte to acquaiesce in -the solution. The then Turkish Ministry resisted, mnodified the draught of the note, and submitted itto a national council in a public sitting, where it was approved. As everybody knows, the modification acceptedby the allies was rejected by Russia and the -war began. Of. course it is impossible for me to say whether the five propositions now under discussion at Paris were submitted to Rusia with or without the participation of the Turkish Ministy, and I wil not maintain that none of its members -were informed of, and approved, them; but I believe it to be a fact that the Turldish Government, as a body, had no knowledge of them, and that the propositions were not previously discussed in a council. As just about the same time the prelimi-: nary conferences relative to the improvement of the condition of non-Mahomedan subjects, and aboiit the Principalities, had' begun, this question was not. mooted,anditwasonlywhentheinstructionsofAaii Pasha-weresubmittedto theDivan that thepoint was - taken up and doubts - expressed about the binding power of propositions which had been accepted witlhout the consent of Turkey, which, if we wish to be -consistent, must-be looked upon always as a principal party in this war. At the same time, the turn which the preliminary conferences had taken was not calculated to aLlay susceptibility in this respect. In a moment of weakness, whenthepr&ssure from theforeign Powers ws openlyput forward-by the directing Ministers as the force to which they were obliged to yield, the Council had given its consent to-the publication of the Hatti Humayoun, but when the question arose about the insertion of this-. document into the - articles of the treaty, the Council spoke against it most distinctly. The argument was that any sUcil insertionwould be the admaission of interference with .the internal affairs of Turkey, and that the Hatti. HEumayoun could not be expected to bring any lutary results if it was put forward as a concesaion made by the Sultan to the pressure exercised from without, instead of emanating from li own free will. The same view was taken about the question of the Principalities, which possess an adiinistrative independence, but£ no political existence except as part of Turkey; this separate exhite'nce would be - acknowledged if the Paris Conferences were to decide their nosition. Sitnce the departure of Aali Pasha this reaction from momentary weaknews becomes stronger, and the so-called political Ministers fmnd themselves daily in a more embarrassed position. How strong this feeling -of uneasiness is, from having asunmedX such a great reponsibility, you may judge from its aisceptibility. In an article published a short time ago in the Touriw2 de Constantinople, and headed "1 e lc& Mssion des Puissam"es," a passage occr saying that "stipulations" have been made in favour of the non-31ahomedans in Turkey. This expression was sufficient to arouse the Council, and when it met next time a violent discussion arose about how the Ministers could allow the concessions made by the Sultan to be called "stipulations." The consequence waa an order for the Jouirnu de Constcntineple to alter the objectionable passagge, which it did in afollowing number. But this is only the beginning. The dissension shows itself as yet only in the Ministy. Nor could it be otherwise, Most of the members were orly mIute personages in the late divisions. The feer- of - losing their places, the want of moral courage to resist any act which they could not reconcile with their convictions, the dread of foreign influence which was held before their eyes, the consent of the Padisbalh to the new maearsures, which was put forward to make them more flexible-all theseconsiderations, now that the deed is done, lose their former strength, and every 91e is anxious to clear himself of the responsibility -which he has assumed by this tacit consent, and forecees difficulties which escaped him in the hurry of the act. As long as there is nothing decisive about the conferences the Opposition will be content with -skirmishes, which, withoxt deciding,anything,.will make-1he breach wider and envenom party spirit. The little satisfaction which the Hatti Humayoun has given adds to the bad feeling, for there is not even the consolation remaining that the sacrifice of their otinions has brought at least some advantage to the. State. Donot, therefore,let anybody iniagine thatpeace, if it be really made, will.put an end to, the Eastern question. On the contrary, it* will be the beginning. of the difficulties." The- two years 'id .a-hslf of war have not- brou,ght us any nearer to the solution of the real question-namely, ho* to consolidate an empire on the-southern shores of the )3lack Sea strong enough.to resist single-handed the'encroach mnents of'its morepowerfulneighboui; and however much we mnay circumscribe the power of this neighbour, that will be only a alliative. The epidemic in the Wench hospiltals is ill continuing. As Iw wrote in my last, three of tieir chief medical officers lately fell a sacrifice to their zeal in the dischairge of their dutv, and were buried on Thur-day last. They were' M. Sagne, Medical AideMajor of the Hospital of Dolnabahi, AL Voilage Piincipal- Medical Officer of the' Hosipital of Hami Tchiftik, and M. Girr SuperiorMedical. Officer. Thirty others are more or, less ill. Typhus and .scurvy are the chief complaints, and the hospitals are fulL. Lately a newr one has been added, not far from' the SwFeetWaters of Europe. Bsesides this there are 14 existin. The .Etlosp l of Pera, the largest of these hospitls, - contains from 1,700 to-1800 beds. It is situated behind the burislground of the Armenians and Franks. It is .a large three-storied building, and forms a kind of' show hospital. - The Hospital of Delmabakthi, a little -lower to the right of it, is divided into two parts, the higher for kurgica cases,and tIei lower for fever 'cases; it contains about 600 beds. 'The, "Ecole Preparatoize" his 350 beds.'The Hospitalof the "Ecole," dn the site of the Ecole Polytechnique, whichwas burt doihlastyear, contains now within its enclimure sheds! with 50 beds. This is one of the best-kept hospitals. The two latter are situate to the left :of tithd .ospital of Pera, on the road to Maislak. The Eibassy fospital in the Rusian Palace is excluiivelyfor officers. 'he Hospital of Guihane, at the Sraglio )Poipt arracks, withaccommodationfor1,800 patients,isunder Lthe superintendence of . Thomas, the Chief Medical Officer of aUl'the 'Hospitals; Besides i him M. Baudens has been sent out as Inspecto ¶foflos tabs. The Hospital of the University has 1,200 b&Rs: H'and Tohillik, up the GodnHorn,hasl,?40 beds; Malatepaix, 700 boeds; Daoud Pasha, 1,200 beds for convalescents and invalids. .The last fthree sire -ituate close to each other on the same plateau. Maslalk, 400 beds; a naval hospital at jTherapia, 160 beds ; aid on the Asiatic side the M ospital at lKanlidje, 250 beds. About 10,00 patients are said to be at resent in these hospitals, among whom one-fifth have typhus fever. Of course, in the absence of official infor'ation, I should not venture on numb6rs about the deaths, but they'must be very' hiih, if one. may judge by the number of coffins *hich are daily brought up on mules from Gilata, and from various other signs. Thus, in ridingr the other day over' the pLateau near Mfas1ak, I passed near one of the graveyards where some aappers were working at a row of grayes, 17 in number, on one spot. The medical men dotheir duty in this fearful trial, but theirs is uphill work. Most of the sick come dofn from the Crimea in such a weakened state that they cannot resist the influenceu of the epidemic. General Storks has ofEered every assistance which he could give, either in medicail men or stores, but his offer was not accepted. On Thursday last the English steamei Empress Eugenie, now chartered by the Turkish Government, went to Trebisonde to notify the. arhistice to Omar Pasha, who, as I wrote in my last, has arrived at that place. Some time ago it was rumoured that Mushir Ismall Pasha who commanded at Kalafat, was going to .be appointed Commander-im-Chief of the army of Anatolia, and HalinPasha conumander of all the cavalnr. This rumour has 'assur4ed during the last few days more consistency. General Storks has succeeded in getting rid of one of the gamblig-houses atPera. ThePproprietor of one retired at the request of the General, which was a most satisfactory conclusion, as there were no means of forcing him to do so. But I hear there i is another company which has already takea his placea French one. On Saturday the principal merchants'of Ga&ata were invited to attend a meeting, which was'to take place at the Ministry of Finance, in connexion with the fSluctuations on the Exchange.
UNIVERSITY I IGECER. . OXPOBD. MfARC 12. In a Convocation held yesterday at 2 o'clock the University seal was affixed to a petition against the bill for the abolition of church-rates now before Parliament. In a Convocation 'to be held tomorrow, March 13,- at 2 o?clock, the statute sanctioning certain new arratigements writh regard to the Professor of Music, musical degrees, c., which wvas accepted by Congregation on Thursday last will be submitted to the Mouse in two votes. In a Conre gation to be held immediately afterwards the statutes con cerning the time of holding examinations, thereappointment of examiners, and the Civil Law degrees, which were promulgated in the Congregation of the 6th instant, will be put to the vote. The ieland Scholarship has been awarded td Mr. Robert Griffith, scholar of Wadham College. Mx. Griffith obtaxed a first cl a8sin the examination before Moderators in EatrTerm, I85. The Lusby (Magdalen Hall) Scholarship, has been awarded to Mr. B. S. Tapholma, Commoner of St. Edmuiid Hall. In a Convocation to be holden on Saturday, March 15, at 10 o'clock, it will be proposed to grant from the University chest a sum not exceeding 150. for books printed at the University press for tho library of St. Tromass College, Colombo, in Ceylon. CAMBRIDGE, M&i"Ca 12. At a congregation held this day the following.degreesb onferred.-_e BACEBLOR OF LAWiS. Edwlard Carthew,, Trinity Eall; . MAS3TES OF ARTS. William Eenry Drew, St. John's College. Edward John Owen,Downing College. BACHELOR OF AnTs. James Hoskyns Abrahall, Christ's College. The following gracesapassed the Senate - To petition the Mouse of Commons against certainyprovisions of a biU now before-Parliament for the regulaton of the medical profession. aio enter into a new partnership with Mr. Charles John Clay for managing the Unive2sity press. Thi vwas oppoped in both houses. Non Regents.-Placets ... 18 iNon-Placets ... 10 Regents.-Placets ... 16 Non-Placets'... 3 CRAVEN SCHOLAsaRsP. This iaeen adjudged to Arthur Holmes, Scholar of St. John's College. The electors wero unanimously of opinion that Robert Charles Green, of Trinity College, and Herbert Snow, Scholar of St. John's College, acquitted themselves in such a manner as to be deserving of special commendation. On the Burney Prize, not exceeding 1051., for the best English essay " on some moral or met'%physicaI subject, on the Existence, Nature, and Attributes of Goa, or on the truth and evidence of the Christiai Relig n," the Vice-Chancellor eiVes notice, that the subjectfor the present year is, to give a philosophical critique 'of the argament in Popes Easeay on Man contained in thispasage:- "Of systems possible if 'tis confest. "That wisdom infinite must form the best ;' Where all must fall or not coherent be, . "And all that rises rise in due degree, " Then, in the scale of reasoning life, 'tis pLain "There must be somewhere suhe a rank as mn: "And all the question (wrangle e'er so long) "ITs only this,-if God has pl'd him wrongt' and the followving 26 lines. The candidates for theprize are to be Bachelors-of Arts in their first year of standing, and the essays are to be sent intotheVice-Chancelloronorbeforethe 12th of November, 1856, with the nanes of the' respectivs authorssealed up. The author of the essay best approved is to print it at his owrn expense, and to deliver, or cause to be delivered, a copy of it to the University library, to the libraty of Christ's College, to the University libraries of Oxford, Dublin; and Edinburgh, and to each of the adjudicators o£ the prize, who arc, the Vice Chancellor, the Master of Christ's Col. lege, and the Norrisian Professor of Divinity. The subjects of examination for the degree of B.A. for the year 1858 are the following :- ' 1. The Acts of the Apostles, in the original Greek 2. The Mfemorabilia of Xenophon, Book IV. 3. TheC:eorgics of 'Virgil,'Book IV, 4. The History of the iEnglish Reformation. 5. Euclid, Books1,'2, 3, 4, and Prop. 1-6 of Pookc 6. 6. Parts of Algebra,'Mechanics, and Hydrostatics, as prescribed in the schedule hitherto in force. 'Notice is hereby given that there will be congregations on the following days of the ensuing Easter Term *-Wednesday, April at 11; Wednesday, April 30, at;Wednesday, May 14, at 11; Wednesday, May 28,at 11,Wedneaday, June11 {Sita B.D. Corn.), at 10; Saturday, June 28,'at 11; M onday, June 30, at 11 ; lFriday, July 4 (end of terma), at 10. W MWL,ieOaeUr W. WHEW3DI; ~Vic_c ttanoellor. FIRE LT PorwA.-Yesterday afternoon. aother fire occurred on the premises of Kessr.Scott RuseIl and r Co,~theshipbuilders of Iillwall.Popir. 2 fireasOnot extuigtushed unti the mills, thie macbusezry, the joincrs6 houses, and planing shops wrere deats?yed, and tho contents, writh the exception of a mush pomton sared, -consumed. The loss is 'ees2l eyheavy; tho maoh,inir will alonc. co6t somle thousand pund to repair.
GEZNBEAL ORDERS OX THE AR jY I ' ~ - mTHE ORIMEA. - - Efead-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 26. -So. L. ieutenant F. W. Alison, 72dRont, is ointed aidede-camp to General Sir Co - CampSe C .a with the usnal pay and allowances from this date. N;o. Leave of absencisgranted at the recominendation of a medical board to First-class Staff-surgeon Foaker, to rocoedto enuind On,arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant. enernL . By order, C. A. WNDRla, Chief of thoStiff. - Head-quirters, Sebast6pol, Feb. 27. No. LIn conitinuation of many acts of personal interest '-i the comfort and welbeihg of this army, Her Majesty the -Queen has sent to the Commander of the Forces 10 portable boxes of a library for the use of the troops. These books are bulsted, by Her ajesyA s desire, to the honoirable keeping of the;~ L sodor,who riYlremermberthat loss or damaga hurts their comrades and theirown good name. They wil be dis. tributed, in turn,, to each division. Captain Ponsonby, A&ide-de-Camp, will have the general charge of this library; and one of the personal staff of the General of Division in, which they are istributed -wililook to the details. - No.,2. Notwithstandinggin intimationa short time ago thnruh Dr. Hall, the Cormmander of the Forces finds that the follring circumstance has taken place in theFourth Division : Tt commannding of ficer of-the 46th Regiment haiing sent to the Hospital for the stretchers, Mr.- Webb, the surgeon, i ref used to give thsii. ,though told. it was the -colonel's order, andpersisted in that refusal. , The Cominndero the Forces ordered Mr. Webb to' be put in arrest. By a letter from Dr. Hume, the senior staff:surgeon of the Fourth Division, Mr.' Webb fancied himself justified in hi refusa. These acta of Dr. Hume and Mr. Webb are censurable. The order of a commanding officer is to be obeyed, the execution of it is to be facilitated, and such attempts at separate authority are'out of the question. Having received an explanation from Dr. Hume, in which he expressed his regret on becoming aware of the tendency of hi directions, the Commander of the Forces is satisfied to take no further steps in the matter.' Mr. Webb will be released from arrest. No. 3. The regimentil promotions and appointments, -ublished by authority in The London GazeWce of the 8th of February, 156,iwill take effect in this army from t4eir respective dateu. No. 4. Assistant-Staff-Surgeon Thomb W. Shiell, having joinedthestaff of this army on the 21st inst., willtake medical charge of the 4th Battalion of the Land Transport .Second-class. StaffSurgeon Thomas Rhys will takce medical charge ofthe 1st Battalion of the Land Transp-ort Corps. 'NIfo. -6. The undernmentined medical officers are appointedtoservein sicktransportsbips, 3S follows -Second,clam Staff-Surgeon Rutherford, to the Ottawa; Second; class Staff-Surgeon W. Poole, and Acting Assistant-Surgeon S. Job, to the Severn; Assistant-Surgeon Holton, 2d IRegiment, to the Gibraltar. No. 7. Brevet-Major Dowbiggin, 4th Regiment, DeputyAssistant-Adjutant-eneral, having been confirmed in a substantive fajority, unattached, is discontinued from the staffof thisarmy, and will return to England on promo. tison.. No. 8. Regiments or departments having unserviceable stores 'in their possession will return the same into the stores of the War Department from time to time, as also unserviceable articles of uniform and clothing, with the exception- of socks, drawers, jersevs, and mitt& Al surplus serviceable clothing to be also returned into store. No. 9. Captain Hamilton, 41st. Regiment, having acted as adjutant of his regiment, may draw t'ne usual allowances accordingly, from Januaizy 18 to Febrary 6. No. 10. Captain Gibbon having commanded the Royal Artillery attached to the Fourth Division, from. Dec. 2, 1855, to Feb. 16, 1856, may draw command pay and field allowsance accordingly. No. 1L leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant-Colonel Hon. C. Plunlcett, Ist Battalion, 1st Ren ent, to May 25. On medical certificate, to Surgeon Dw4yer, 34th Regiment, to farch 15, to procoed to -the Heights of Balaldava. No. 12. A medical beard will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Surgeon O'Leary, 68th Regiment. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary dtrections. By order, '. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopolj Feb. 28. No. 1. A further supply of medals, for service in the Crimea, having been received, the Commander of the Forces requests, with regard to their distribution, that general officers commanding divisions and heads of departments, will, for the present, restrict the issue to those officers, noncommissoned officers andmen, &e., who served in theCrimea on or beforeSenteimber 8, 1855. 2. The Fiefd-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence on very urgent private affairs to Colonel Goulburn, Grenadier Guards, to April 30; and, until his retirement upon half-pay, to Colonel Siley, C.B., 88thRegiment. No. 3. In accordance with instructions received from the Secretary of State for War, the undermentioned Commis. ariat officer will have acting rank as follows, -from Feb. 1, 1I86:-Acting Deputy-Assistant-Commissary.General C. Brew, to actasiAsistant.Commissary-GeneraI. -No. 4. The officers of the Royal Engineers, and those of the Royal Artillery and Infantry, who were employed in the destruction of the docks, having been subjected to additional expense and inconvenience during the winter from the nature of the duty, will receive a spocial *owance of-field officers, 10s_ a-day; captains, 7s. a-day; subalterns, 4s. a-day. These officers will send in claims accordingly to theMlita Sretary. - No. 5. LBeave of absence is granted to Lieutenant G. Maddock, 11th Hussars, to. March 20. 1856. At the recommendationof nedicalboards, toLieutenant-Colonel Stavely, C.B., 44th Regiment, to March 15, 1856, to proceed to Rome; Quartermaster Tunks, 68th Regiment, to March 31, 1856, to remain at Malta. On medical certificates, to Lieutenant Hamilton, 97th Regiment, to Feb. 29, 1856 - Lieutenant Wilkie, 38th Regiment, to Mwarch 15, 1856; Lieut<enant Rising, 77th Regiment, to March 12, 1856; Lieu. tenant Stockwvel, 93th Regiment,to Marchn 121856; Cornet X. Gatt, Land Transport Corps, to March 31, 1858; Paymaster Atkinson, Brigade of Guards, March 20, 1856; Assistant-Surgeon Grier, s2d Regiment, MEarch 12, 1836. To remain at' Scutari-Lieutenant Dawson, 6tha Dragoons, MKarch 18, 1856;- Quartermaster MWountain, 6th Dragoons, March 18, 1856. To proceed to Malta, and, on private affalirs-to, Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Forrest, 4th Dragoon Guards, to March 15, 1856; Rev. H. Huleatt, Acting Officiating Chaplain, April 20, 1856. AIso to Cornet Grews, 1st Dragoon Guards, to March 31, 1856, to proceed to 33ngland; on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General; and until his retirement from the service, to Lieutenant . P. Buttler, 56th Regiment. By order, C. A. WINDHM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 29. No. L The Fieldc-Marshal Commuanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards, to lieutenant-Colonel J. T. Airey, C.B., Assistant-Quartermaster-General; Iieutenant-Colonel Armstrong, 49th Reg ent, and Captain Thoroton, 44th Regiment,-to the 6th of March. On medical certificates, to Colonel Doherty, 13th light Dragoons, to the 26th of March; Major Thompson, 5th Dragoon Guards, to the 31st of March; and Lieutenant Butler, 17th Regiment, to the 29th of MaZch. For the recovery of his liealth, to Surgeon Gilborne, 89th - Regiment, to the 22d of April; and on -private affairs to Lieutenant-Colonel Somerset, 1st Battalion Rifle. Brigade, to the 31st of March; to Lieutenant-Colonel Low, 4th Light Dragoons, to the 14th of Mlarch; to Major C. Russel, Deputy Adjutant Quartarmaster-General, to the 15th of March; and Captain Durant, 12th Lancers, to the 31st of March. No. 2. The following appointments to the Land Transport Corps are made until er Majesty's pleasure is known: -To be Quartermasters.-Coleur-SergeantsJerem!ah Rowe, 44th Regimnent, and John Weod, 47th Regiment.. o.3. The following of ficers being in command of troops or companies may drawv field allowance and 'forage as cantains.-Lieutenant Weir, 6th Dragoons tfrom the 3d of No- ember, 185 to the 23d of January, 1856; -to Lieutenant - Slegh, 6th Dragoons, from the 17th of December, 1855. absence is granted, on urgent private affairs, to Captain Floyd, 3dRegument, to the 30th of April. No. 5. Medical boards will assemble to inuire into the state of health of Lieutenant-Colonel everr, C.B., 30th Regiment; and Lieutenant Hagan, Royal ArtiUery. Theprincipalmedical officer-will be pleased to. give the necessary directions. ro. 6. The following officers having left chargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for 'them:-Major luidson, 39th Regiment; and Quartermaster Connell, 4th Regiment, for one charger each. No. 7. The following soldier is appointed clerk in a mili. tary department:-Sergeant John Minor, 68th Regiment, vice Sergeant Joseph Pickford, 1st battalion Rifle Brigade, fro the 29th'of February. By order, C. A WNDHM, Chief of the Staff.
THE HARtDwIcxE REORMAIORY.-The first order for maintenance of an inmate in a reformatory establishment on the father of the convicted personlhas been made in resnect to a boy now under sentence at the reformatory school at Hardwicke, near Glocester. The case came be. fore the magistrates it Bristol, au engineer named James Tillet being sumimoned to show cause why - he should not contributo to the maintenance of one of his sons; sentenced ytwo magistrates of Wheatenhurst, Glocestershire, in r41ah, 1855, to 14 days' hard labour in the prison and two yearse detention in the- Hardwicke Reformatory School for felony. The prosecution of the father was insituted under the direotion of Sir George Grey, under the provisions of the act passed in the last session of Parliament, which made it compulsory on parents of criminal children to contribute towardstheirmaintenance, while undersentenpein reform. atory schools, any sum not exceeding 5s. per week. An order had been made by the magistrates who convicted the boy on the father, to contribute 2s. a-week towards the maintenance of his son, but he had refused to do so. Mr. Mforgan, who conducted the case for the Government, stated that the father was in receipt of a good income from his trade, and was the owner of property independently of his weekly earnings, but that he had turned the convicted boy into the streets to obtain his living by begging.or stemlin. It appeared the father had a good house of furniture, and earned 34s. a week, besides occasionally 5s. 'or 6g. extr& by over-work. He was a good worlman, andhad four children living at home with him. He had been frequently admo- nished by the magistates for neglecting his children. His. defence -was that none of his children were able to earn anything, and he denied that he had turned the boy out of doors. The magistratesdecided that the case wias a yery bid one, that it had been shown that the defend&nt had been in. the habit of neglecting hia* children, and they ordered thit he should pay 3s. 6d. a-weektowardsthe sup rt oE his son; in default to be eommitSedto the Hfouse of 80ri rection. The defendant said he should not pay, laud threatenedto leave England rather than do so.
- - I . "BOMS DIVORCE. IOTJ7}tR <F TA lS. - - This was a petition of Mr. John-Talbot, of Mount Talbet, in the county of Roeonmon, praying th&tlhimiage with y Ann, his -now wife, mig be dissolved, and tnat' he git be enabled to mary gaia. Dion the case being aled on, IMrs. Serant ,WY,Vapcx (with wrhom weare 3r. Edwin James and Dr. Bll,6f the Isish.Eccleiastical bar) said he' a e oabehalYof s. Talbot iu oposition to the bill. Ee 'rishedthatteir Lordship6 should fulaly anderstandhim. Mrs. Talbot h,ad been ait. t~he - house of her sister and her. sister's husbnd ever ,since she had left.r. Talbot, and had Iremaiaed ~ith them until last Tuesday. IHe- did not act Iupon her iotractions, for he believedlierincapable of giving anwy, but hie acted under the direction of berfamily, under whose ere and- tof she bad been dwelling during the last four years. It was difficult to say where she was now, for on Thesday last she had-been removed fromntheir care. Ee appeared on behalf ofthose who had thboughout defended. She cause of MrsTalbot with her consent. TheirLordships had indirectly heard of: thisicaso on Friday lst, wheu an application was made: to allow service of certain documents on the agent of the persons for whom he now appeared, and an effort was made to prevent their beiif h'eard ainst the bill by thoee!who had instructed7 ounsel-forrs Tilbot without her knowledge or consent. The I,OB C sANCELLOR said, he thodig the b wst- Way wouldlbe tWheaar the connsel in support of the bill fist of Seiant WnA;onia said, that thais therewould be a disputeas to who was entitledto cross-examiinethewitnesee. U.' to la .rday they *erethe onlypersons who had instructed counsel for Mis.Talbot. Mr. MXRXWHIuM (with whom was Mr. Demnan) -said, it washis duty atthe first onsetto come forwdard and sythat he was instrcted by Mrs. Talbot to oppose-the bill, and he was p ared to tender the authonity under which he acted.' The LORD CANCELLORP said, the House could hear both the counsel in opposition to the bill. Lord BR.OUGHA said, if there was the slightest- appear anee of collusion it would at once put an end to the bill. Mr. MER1WxTHxR said, Mr TaDbot was within the pre. cincts of the house, and was ready to state that he represented her. rLod B1cOUGsHA -Well, you will both havetho benefit of each othefs assistance. 3r. Serjeant Bvx.xs (with whom were -Mr. MX Smith and Mr. Honeynan) said, he sppeared On bebalf of the petitfoner, Mr. John Talbot, the second son of- the Rev.. Johni Crosbie, who had changed his namea to Talbot under the provisions of the will of the Earl of Glendore.- The eti tioner had, however, resumed the name of Talbot on taking possession of certain property to which he became entitled. w. had formerly been -in the 35th Regiment of Foot, but had subsequently retired, and in 1844 he became acquainted with aMIr. MArcus M?Causland, of Fruit-hill, in the county of Derry, a gentleman of fortune and of the highestresecta. bility. This. gegtlema-t -had at. that period sixu unmared daughters and one son, aud to the eldes of these young ladies Mr. Talb,st became attached. They were arriedin Januaryl845, it Balteagh Church, county erry,byageintle man namedGage,who wasconnectedwiththe family; InOcto ber following, the only issue of the arrisge,a daughter, was born, and soon afterwards they went abroad. Theytravelled through Italy, and returned to Ireland in Noveiber, 1847. They then resided at a place called Summer-hiU, near Mallow. fr. Talbot's means at that period were very humble he having only 600g. per anunmi and the circuisbancea of the times rendered it necessary for him to live with great economy. - Iu 184 he took into his servioe, a young ian named Williair 'Mulan as outdoor groom, at4i. weck,- which-was if terwards increased to 6s_.per week, th first indication.of tny-palty on- the part of Ms. Talbot for Mullan exhibited itself-dt Summer-hilL. It would be shown that she was in the habit of supplying him .with.wine, spirits,jam, biscuit creamran d other delicacies, and, although he was arL outdoor servaut, 'by some means or other she found miens to iutroduce6 him 'to sleeDin the house In the month of August, 1850, Mr. Talboi's elder brother had the misfortune to lose hi-s wife, and it boecame necessary foir 1;Talbot t -attend the funerall and he reinained away seven or eigh~t?days. hiLring that period this unfortunLate lady:'was seen aLS late as bsalf-past.10 o'clock at night; 'sittihg in the drawaingroom, by the fire, with the groom. It would be proved that she bad been seen repeatedly during MIr. Talbot's absence going into that gentietnan's bedroom with Muluan. Some of the wine she had supplied him with had been sent to his bedroom.: One of theservantswhohad gone into that room began drinkin the wine, when Mrs. Talbot came in and found fault with her for dong so: The servant replied, "She-had as good a night to 'the-wneo-as -Mullan had.' Mrs. Talbot then threatened to tell her master of her conduct, but instead of doing so she caUed her in the next morning and requested her not to mention the fact to Mr. Talbot. While they *ere at Summer-hiU Mr. Talbot was in the habit of sitting over his wvine until 7 o'clock, but Mrs. Talbot left the room imme- diately after dinner, and upon several occasions was seen: - going into Mullaen's bedroom, where she wouldstayfor about an hour. She had also been seen with Mullan in Mr. Talbot's dressingroom, where there was a bed. These familiarities led to so6melittle talk. After that they removedto Eden-hill, near a Mr. and Mr Williamson, who had- au un'married daughter living with them. In the yeir 1851 Mr. Talbot's brother, who lived at Mount Talbot, died, and Mr. Talbot had again occasion to leave for some time. It occurred to Mr. Williamson, who was a clergyman,. to invite Mrs. Talbot to stay with them until Mr. Talbot's return, and his wife and daughter weut vith the invitation, i On coming up to the house they found the drawingroom blinds-were -pulled down, and- upon asking-if Mrs. Talbot-j was at home they were told she was not. Theythen drove a i little-fuither, and on returning observed theKlittle child on the hall steps. They again asked if Mrs. Talbot was in, and receiving the same answer they said they would wait until she returned.. On entering the hall Mrs. Talbot cime out, of the drawingroom in a very excited state, and refused to alow Mimss Williamson to enter that room. A struggle ensued, and Miss Williamson's dress was torn, and eventually she succeeded in opening the door. The room was empty, but one of the windowrs wFas open. Mrs..Talbot said thatthey mnight search the rooma. They then-went into another room, and Miss Williamson told her what she had heard about- her intimacy writh MUullan. Althougth this was repeated several times she did not deny it. - Of course after this had occurr-ed the proposed invitation 'was not given. It w as resolved that communication should be held with her father, and after some difficulty it was arranLged that there should be a meeting between them. What passed at that meeting he could 'not state. It w as not for Mr. Talbot to call his wife's father and mother to speak of their child's disgrace, but if the other side wished for their evidence it was thoir p lace to bring them before the House. Mr. and Mlrs. Talboob went to live at Mount Talbot, which, together with some other estates, had become MIr. Talbot's property by the death of his brother. The same improper familiarities continued at Mount Talbot as had taken pldace at Summer-hill. A gentleman named Mhon invited MIr. and Mrs. Talbot, together with two gentlemen who were staying with them, to dinner, but Mrs. lMbet excused herself on the ground of being unwvelL MIr. Talbot ansd his friends went to Mr. Mahon's, :and dnrin'L his absence one of the female servants saw Mirs. Talbot audT Mullanon the bed togetherina positiornwhichwouldleave nodoubt in their -L~ordships'inid as to the adultery having been committed. This occurred in Atugust lSoL When the Talbot family went to Mount Talbot, Mullen rhad a room over the stable, and Mrs. Talbotwasfrequently Seen to enter that room, sometimes with her daughter, and sometimnes after she had sent her daughter away. She had alscU paid great attention to his shirts and otherEnen, having them made up like Mr. Talbot's. rn. May or June, 1852, another man naLmed Holloran was taken into the employ od Mr. Talbet, and-he was * the first to inform that gentleman of the intimacy, of his wife wiLth Mullan. -It was then arranged that Eolloran and another man should watch Mullan, and at length information was given to Mr. Talbot- that his wife was with MIullan in his room, Mr. Talbot went with the two men and broke open the door,- which' was locked. Mrs. Talbot and hj?ullan were found together behind the curtains of the bed, and the: child- was -in the middle of the room. Mr.- Talbot~ snatched up the child and ran out of the house. The groomwas paid - and discharged, and MYIrs. Talbot was taken by a friend toanhotel in Dublin, wFhere she remained for some time, and was finally removed to some lodgingPs. She confessed her guilt ' during this period to no less then -three different clergymen, and even while she-was at the hotel Mulian came andF left a ni-te for her, wbich, however, was not delivered. On being t ld that Mulian had caliedMlrs. Talbot was most'anxioustoI see him. She had been visited by a Dr. Walsh 'during this period, who declared that she was perfectly sane. Mullan, had since gone to America. Mr. Talbot then took the proper proceedings, and obtained a verdict for 2,000l, and afterwrds went to the Consistory Court, whicih tribunal, after hexring the same evidence as would be now produced, had decided in his favour. The other side then appedeato the delegates, who also decided in Mr. Talbot's favour. After these two decisions the ea:se had n,ow come boefore their lord.I ships, and the evidence which would be p laced, before them would be so strong thab no doubt of the fact of ithe adu1t,ery baying been committed would rest on, their minds.' - -The following evidence was then called -'- -- Mfr. Holler produced a copy oF the bill, 'The Rev. Robert Gage was called, and said h:e had martnherecitetr.iS nJnay 1845. He- produced- a copy of MaY Anisn BaileY said,-I am'in service in Ireland. I formerly lived, in 1850, in the service of hfr. and Mrs_Talbot. I was housemaid. There were' four iniside servants. My sister Susan was cookL Mr. TalbotwaslivingatSummerhill at that period. They appeared to be very much united. I recollect Mr. Talbot being absent. I recollect a person named Mullau. He was coachman. Hle slept out of the house, about half-a-mile away. Mrs. Talbot treated hMullan differently to the other servants. She gave him 'eatables of different kinds-bread and butter, wino, jam, aud cider. Isawhergivethese things to him. I canmot say where she got, the wine from. She took it into his 'bedroom. I heard her tell my sister to prepare a place in the house for him. He slept then next to us; His door opened into the same passage as ours did. I recollect, about two montbs before I left, seeing Mrs. Talbot in the drawing-room. That was about 10 o'clock in the evening, and Mr. Talbot was out. My sister was, with me. Mrs. Talbot and Mullan were there sitting by the fire. She desired me to brin6 her a cup of milk, which, ,however, I did not take her. One was seated on one side of the fire, and the other on the other. The reason I did not take-the mik was because I was indignant at seeing Mullan there. I recollect my sister taking some wine in Mullen's room. Mrs. -Talbot was angry. Iwas not present. Mrs. Talbot told my sister and myself in the morning not to tell Mr. Talbot about the wine. She said my sister should not havetouched the wine. M1rs. Talbot had no> dressig-room, .but -Mr. Talbot had. l have- seeni Mullan there when Mr. Talbot 'wass away from home. There was a bed in it. I went up to do mywvrorl;, and I saw the door opxen.: Itbink it was. open, agwell as- loan recollect. I saw Mullan.and. Mrx. Talbot-there. When I saw them the door must have ?een open. I did not go into the room. I think they were ated. ing away from- the door. Mr.s. -Talbot went out of 'the room presently. This oocurred about 'two or -three niontha before- I left; It was when -Mr. Talbot had gone to Kerry. Mrs, Talbot did not speak -to, me upon that ooccsion. It was during' the time Mr. Talbot was at his sister-in-law's funeraL A M. Talbot used fre. quenSIt to leare-Mr. Talbot after dinner. She then went To Xdl= 'sbedroom.on Ihavesanloerdo that more than onoe very often.' She has reminend in his room about an ahour. I havenot gone upio see .if the door wAs asht, but I could see the door m doustairs, and it was genrally shut. This-was about Octoler. - I don't think Mrs. Talbot to5 k light'th'her.r-rthinkMrs. Talbot saw me when gew,went into kAullin'g bedroom. I was in my own room. t was the season of tfie 'earwhen there were7fires in the rooms. I left in'October, and- it was two months before I left. Mullai remainedin their ierviceafter Ileft. I went to alady ner Cor3,- an& am in. service still. Cross-examined.-I was there one yeas. KMr. Talbot was livin* then at-Suinmer-hbill.- I went in Octoberi, 1849, and remained until October; 1850. The servants were Bebemca MIorgan,, the dy's-maid, my sister, and the butler. The first thizg that struck me was -Mullan sit. ting i the drawing-reoomwith iiymmistress. We ad no butler at thattime, and the lady's-maid also had left. I mentioned the fact 6f Mullaxi being in the drwing-room to my=ster, and als6tomy father and mother. I also mentioned it todtwo laies who are dead. I told one before I left, and the other aflerwards. I can't say who cleaned Mr. -Talbot's boots. IHe used to go out hunting a great deaL Wher there wa a butler he cleaned the boots. I did not clean the.boots, but I took them upgtairs. There was a boy anda gxrdener, but I neversaw them- clen the boots. I don't recollect who gavo me the bootsto take up. I have no recollection of-seeingullan brush Mr. Talboi' clothes anud clean his bDoOti and then-take themup to him. I will not swear tht'he did not dos ; I have no recollection of seemg him-do it. I must have taken the boots up. Mullan wass broughti into the house when the butler left, and occupied the butler's room. The butler used to brush lfr. Talbots clothes, clean his boots, and take them up to him. Mullendidmnot do so. I have never seen the clothes sent do to e brsehed after the butler left. I never .antil August, 1853, menitionedl these facts to the legIl gentlemen. Mrs. Talbot gaTe me a character. I lost a good situation in consequence oi Mrs. Talbot not writing to a lady. I never told my brother that Ihid lost it because'frs. Talbot would not give me a character. I never saw Mullan in the dressing-room before the butler left. The butler used frequently to be in the dressing-room. Mrs. Talbot wiS left soinetimeszto.herself. She patsed-a good dexl'of time in the kitchen. When Mrs.TalbotgaMullanthe bread and butter and jam it' used to be sometimes in the -kitchen before all the servants. The dressing-room door uwed to be open in the daytime. The first -ersons I gave any-aocount to in this, matter w ere two gentlemen on Mrs. Taltbo's side. I don't thinh l should know them again. They came to me at Munster. I forget what they said to me. Iforget what I said to them. -. ldon't think I said to them thatI had never seen ,anything improper upon the part of Mrs. Talbot. - I think I said, Idid not like what was going on. I won't ,swear I did not. Re-examined.-I have lived in the place where I now am for five years and a half. Theplace where the boots were cleaned awa an out-scullery. The room where 2mullan slept wars upstairs. By the Loun On.u-CunLOn.-When I saw Mullan and M Doti up3tairs in the dressing-room it was in the broad day,time.; It was a smal room. There was a good sized bed init M ers. enrick.-I am the vife of Mr. James Renrick waho is the surveyor-general for the post-office for the Cork district. My father is a Mr. Wiliamson, a clergymn, near Eden-hill. Mr. and MLrs. Talbot were living in May, 1851, at Eden-hill, at .which time I was at home -with my father. Mrr. Talbot, of Monut Talbot, died, andI and my-mother went to invite &M Talbot to come to our house for a few days. We drove up in an open Irish car. The blinds of the drawing-room were drawn down; The maanservant said Mrs. Talbot was out. We went for a drive, and on coming back saw the child on the steps, and we then went again to the house, and being again told she was out I said we would go in and wait until she returned. . Mrs. Talbot came out ofthedrawing-room in avery excited state. Isaid I wished to go into the drawing-room, and she endeavoured to prevent me. She eventually opened the door and said,'"hat do you see now ? search the room." Oneof the windovswas open. We then w ointo mother room, and I urgedher to come to our house, ;nd she refusing, I was forced to tell her y my father had sent me to her. I told her that Mullan said he could do anything he liked with her. She said, "How ungrateful; you don't believe it," and cried. She did notdenyit. She said, "I don't feel it formvelf I feel it for John?'" Ms. Talbot did not accompany us ome. She said she would come the next day. She did not come, and we did not repeat the invitation. We had been on very intimate terms before that. I have only seen her once since. Cross-examined.-I heard that these proceedings on the part of Mr. Talbot were taking place in 1852. I have never been examined in this matter until I was sworn here to-day. Mr. Talbot is my cousin. I never cormtmunicated to him until now the evidence which I have just given.. -When I called in May upoIn Mr Talbot, at Eden-hill, I saw the blinds down. The house fronted south. I went into the house notwithstanding I was told that Mrs. Talbot was out. My mother went in with me. My mother did not say anything in the matter; she was agitated. I went in at last and found nothing there except a window open on a May afternoon. I then told her that her servants had spoken lightly of her. She did not say that she would not answer my questions. I cannot say exactly what part of May it wa but I believe it was towards the end. It was (a day or two after the elder. Mr. Talbot's death. They left after that and went to live at Mount Talbot, which was a very considerable distance from my father's house. They left withinafortnightaftermynvisit. Theywentto London to see-the Eihibition.rT was ace that time.unmarried. - The reason of my endeavonring to get into the drawing-room was the agitation of the moment. 1 never wisheI to make any discoveries against Mrs. Talbot. I had not the least hope of it-it never entered my head. My cuff was torn in the struggle. I did suppose there was somebody in the room when the door was slamnmed in my face. Re-examined.-I did not communicate what I saw to Mr. Talbot. I was upon intimate terms with them. I never; disclosed it untif I received a summons. I heard from my aunt, Miss Williamson, the day before, that Mrs. Talbot had been spoken about. By the LoRD CHA_NCELxoR.-The room contained three wind3ws, two towards the front, and one towards the side. The side window was open when we looked into the room. By LoRD Sr. Lzoicnn'Rs.-The blind was drawn partly up when the window was opened. gmrs. illiamson was then called and corroborated her daughter's statement. lfiria Mooney.-I am the wife of John Mooney, living in the county of Eoscomnmon. J went to live with Mr. and Mrs. Trlbet in August, 1851 or 1852,1 ean't say which. It was in 1851 I went as housemaid. I lived there for three months. About a fortnight after I went there Mullan came. I recollect a Mr. Bright and a brother of Mr. Talbot being there. They were all invited togo to dinner to Mr. Malhones. Mzs. Talbot did not go. Aout half-past 5 I went into Mrs. Talbot's room, and saw her lying onthe bed. She said she could no, go out, as she had such a bad headache. I went again to her room about 10 o'clock. I found the door shut. I opened it, but did not go in. Mullan and Mrs. Talbot were in the room. They were both on the bed at the time I saw them. I drew back and left the room. There was a'light in the room. I went downstairs, and went up again some time after. I went up with water for the rooms. I saw Mullan coming out of the room. That was somewhere about 10 miinutes after I had been up before. This was about three months after I had been there. Mrs.' Talbot had given me four bottles of wine to taketoMullan's room. I broke two of them accidentally and found they were wine. Mrs. Talbot took the -wine out of the cellar. I left the two bottles of wine in Mullan's room. It was over the laundry. Cross-examined.-I was housemaid. I am sure. this was on the occasion of the dinner party. There were several servants in the house at the time. I did not go into the room. I was not there more than half a second. - I never menLtioned it to anybody. I went to live with a relation of Mr. Talbot. I first told this story to a MIrs. Barlow in the September following. I heard of the "discovery" in May, 1852. I said I was not surprised when I heard of it. I wondered it had not been discovered before. Mr Barlow ask-ed me if I had ever seen anything while I wasthere. IsaidIhad, andtoldherofEtis. Inevermentioned it to any of the servants. I saw Mar et Hall, one of the servants, that evening. It was she wholhad sent up Mullan to his mistress.- The library was the next room to thebedroom. It mus have been after 9 o'clock whenI saw them. Mrs. Talbot gave me the wine inthe daytime. I carried thebottles, twoineachhand, under my apron. Ithink the child was in bed, but I don't know. I saw Margaret Hll about the house, but I did not speak to her about this. I did not see Mullan in the. kitchen during that evening. Mr. Barlow took down; my evidence in May, 1853. Byiord STr. LwoaxAPDs.-Mullan was told to go up to the libraryto his mistrese Cross-examinition continned.-I told Mlrs. Convoy that I kciew nothing' at all about Mrs. TAlbot and Mulla. Rlo-examined.-I did not know anything about Mrs. Convoy, so I did itot tell her. I thought she knew just as muxch. about it as I did. I married from Mrs. Barlow's house four years before I went to Mrs. Talbot's. I had had twb children. At thisstage of theprooeedingstheirLordships adjourned, and the cause will be.resumed at half-i 10 oelock this (Thursday) morning. '
[Advertisement.]-Csatain n'ryaVs Novels-price I. 6d. eac-HPeter SimDle will be ready on the 15th of Sr.bh and sanot fail of meeting with an extraordinary sale. The events of the laatfewyearshave revived the national loye of our Rl 2av, and Captain Msxbyat's sea stories contain the best pictue oE theces and themost faithful prtiita of the chartershich abound in that branchof thesenice. Fewrwillbe able to reeist the temp ionow that they 3reablo to purchae these inimitable works ineighteenpe volumes. Let our sailor novelist be d by all tcasses; his graphio narratires vnlrender the RoyalNavy more popular than ever, and will elevate the n&tionl caracer. " Allresilovexa h countryhave agood word forbold and honest Captain lrr3t. The volume for the 15th of April wil be "The King's Own," pnels. 6L, b Captin 3aryat. London. Georgee-outledge and Co.. Fadonstro [Advertisement.]-Easter Gifts and Easter Offefings.-It iswhollyirnpossible to select a moreappropriate, sefuLandacceptable gift fordaughter, sister, orwife than "Treasuresin eedlerork, by Warren and Mr.fmullan (price EL 6d., rich. ilt, or the "rhactjcalHousewife," by the editora of the "Pamily end" (price 2a 6&L, strongly bound). These books have been imiverally oommended,theiirstasbeing "a casketof treasures" (ridc"Illustrated London lews,' Ja. 26, 15), wbhile the second workis spoken of as "a capital handbook"' (vide " Athenenum," Dec. 29,185) "that everr coosideratehousekeep,ershouldconsult" (ride "Stamford Mercur- Nov. 16,1855). Shouldthechoicego beyondthese realy cheap, good. and iostrutive volumes "Elcgant Arts forLadies" ust out, 3s. Sd.), the " Wifes Own Book of Cookery"(nearlyready,Ss. Sd.l and '-echsteinis HandbDok of Chamuler and Cage Birds" (ust out, 2s. Cd.) are books tbat must prove both reeable and nstrctive. Better work donotexist. Theyare baentifullaiclted. Ward and LOck, 158, 5et-street. and sold by all bookseller rAdvertisement.3-E rdina-, Disclosures of Ruiau Polier in Reference to theConda on of Pea. Every Englishuman arht-to bo m poon of rthe r faciof tho cae. s they aro now be Dg dil in a series Of artlles by iliam HEOitt, entiled, "What is. ua dwh did we go to war? considered in refer'enc to the ProPositlono for Peace; and pubii in Caeel Illustrated anily Paper." Tbe 5.rt paper appeared in No. 116, and the series will be oapleted In lour or defoloing DUmbersu I each. Inoigetnt, howrever, aUs sserleamaat time pessnt1nsent it is only one of the attracetAos of "Caseellk fllust.ritodt Rai4 Paper." Kr. -J. F. 13rth'snewtale, "3)iclr-aason, or Lesono -Life," :e intensely interetng, antI Is generally aokcsled3ed tobo thehaPpiiest efort of the dsenerreypopolar Anthreef 'TheSoldip:oLw?octun;'- "Bt&ndcldA Hall," "WXomnia ami Hler IYs,es" &sN
jAW RgPORT. I COURT OF CHANcERY. ING0LiB .mr. fAmtr 1t 1K B] LOwes rAI%NT. - ' (Before the LORD CoixLLOId This petition by LDwe-tolave tbe great seaffixod to a patent claimed by him in respect of an invention for an improvement in propelling vessels by submerged jpopeUers has been before the Court- on several occasions vately. The application was opposed by a person named Tyche, on the ground that the invention was his own, and had been disclosed by him to Lowe at the time that ie wAs a serant inhi employ. Thix statement was denied byULowe, wlit explaned that he was joint patentee ith Wyche in another ptent, and had received 2Z. a-week from Wyche for preparmng models of the patent, as subsistence money,-to be repaid if the patent turned out succesfuL The ;uprovement now sought to be patented consisted of splitting the blades of the screw-propeller in two, and appeared to have been discovered by one of the blades of the model of the old te accidentally splitting in the course of construction. the da;Evits erer confBicting aato-which of t two parties was the original inventor, and it was farher alleged against 1 Wyche that, supposing he had first discovered the improve- inent, he had taken rno steps whatever to reduce his ideas into practice, and had no right, therefore, to iulterfere with Iowe, Who had made models and experiments of his discovery and had been the first to apply for a patdnt. Mr. Soutlgste appsaredfor Lowe, and Mfr. Forster for thie Lim CaxscsnLo, asuked for the affgdavits;, and aid, he wouId look carefully through them and dispose of the matter in a few dsys. BRYAN V. WASTELL. In this suit, to redeem a mortgage, a decree -was taken by consent. Mr. Speed and Mr. Gifard were the counsel engaged in the case. SrnrnG or Tx CoURT. E The ORD CArnciOn aid, he would uit n this court on Saturday next, and on the following Monday, Tuesday, and Wednesday. |n (BeforerthicLo2Rs Jusaiis of ArPzLsx GOVI -V. WICKNAX. This was one of the original causes whic, -umder an arrangement sanctioned by the Lord Chanceller, has been transferred to the papor of the Lords Justices, and, althou the hearing may have been a rlief to the business of the Court generally, the consideration of this and- other cases has not tended to enhance the dignity of the appellate jurioaiction.-TPe it,ea.w_ill not-e-fiound ay excep. tion to this experience.. In June, 1853, teasrs. RichArd and Georg3 S. Gover, builders and sreyors, of Winchester, agreed todo l* noocr. sary repairs to two firms, the property of Mr. Willia. Wichaim, whichMr. George Eawlins had agreed to take for 21 years. Mr. Wickihara "a agreed to do allnecessa re. pairs, 3r.W. BossanduMr. C. ielder were appointed byhfin and 3fr. rawlins, to sign a specification of the. same, which they did on the 25th of June, 1853. One Hawkins wa employed by Mr. Wickham to do the repairs, and he in. structed the Messrs. Gover to survey the same, and for that purpose handed to theia a pecificatoti vhich-he'representei a3 a copy of that made by Mesmrs. Ros and Fielder, and these three gentlemen made- an agreement thbt the same should be done accordingly. It subsequently turned out that the alleged copy was not a copy of the sDecification, and the Messrs. Gover having perormeSthe woirk disputes arose, and a litigation tool place in the County Court, in. vhich the Mesrs. Ctover wero put to great expense, and upon technical grounds beaten, or for a time defeated The Xessxs. Gover filed their bill praM for an account of what is due to them from Mi-. WV.C1C= in respect of the further repairs executed by teim, and not comprised in the copy specification delivered to them by Mlr. Wickham, and that he might be decreed to pay the .ame and the costs of 'the suit. The defendafit put in a longanswer, and was examined and cross-exgnned. hut beig afflicted by the consequences of twoT attack of paalysis his memory was very greatly imn7paired, and, althoughhisstatements were not only at varace from boututterly inconsistent with each other, thevy were attributable to this infirmity, and nob to any wilful conduct on~~~~~~~~vu his wrt. on his I art. er7 paef the plaintiffs; MMr.r Gla%se and Mffr. W. Wellngton Cooper were for the defendant. Lord Justice XsromBnure considered it toWbe perfectly surprising that a gentleman of the state 4nd position in lfe of Mr. Wick'am should have permitted, or have been. permitted, to bring such a case into a court of justice. He tad, however, not only brought it before society but before 'he County Court of his own district, and Although the decision there might have been technically corrtct, he had harassed the plaintiffs, respectable tradesmen, by such proceedings, and put them to extensive costs, in a- case which here, and possibly before the Couuty Court, presented no valid feature of defence. The specification on' which the plaintiffs sued mighthavebeenalteredfromthe originalspeci- fcation eitherby,fraudor bynisitakle, and it wasto be hoped it was altered by nistake, and would be so treated. There was no real or colourable defence, and the plAintiffs wera entitledto the account thev aslked; and the defendant mnst pay, not oily the costs of the sait, but also mnist return to them the coststhey had paid in respect of the pioceedingsin tbe COunty CAlVrt. i Lord Justice TuruNm expressed his entire concurrence. Ul1timately it was arrnged that the sum tobe paid should be settled by the parties, So S to prevent the *necessity of takdng the account, and it was declared thatthis should not be taken to impede iu any way an appel tothe House of Loids. WALXER V. ARMSTRONG. - This was an appeal from a decree of the laster of the 31ols upon a case relating to the construction of a will, and ng a question of the exection of a power of revocation. The-wholesubject ofEthesuit seems to have arisen from a professional blunder in the prepartion of a inarrisge set-tlement, in the chambers of x no less eininent conv-evanoor than the late Mr. Butler, in a deed which-s o great length-indeed of so great a length as to call forth from a Scotch lawyer who had to peruse it a complaint upon that head, and a declaration that " the Scotch would make much shorter work of such a job." The Master of the Rolls, ia dismissing the bill, said .hat the blunders of the profession and the pitfalls of the law had frastrted the intention of the lady, wfho had profeesed to make a will eercising the powver of appointment. The Solicitor-General, Mr. Roundell Paliier, and-Mr. Cole are for the appellant; Mr. laoyd, Mr. Rolt, Mr. Pole, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Prendergast, and Mr. Borton appear for the severalrespondents, the defendants.
ROLIS COURT, CHAcNMY-xA- rA.pcrT 12 IThN- 3TY rV Arf(a, ' (Before thc MASTl E of th?Roims.V - - The arguments in this case occupled the Court during nearly the -whole of the day, but the particulars of it a&i entirely without pubic interest, having reference to a somewhat intricate claim of a clergymann named D.y Ingilby to certain property in Idncolnabire. flis HoN;ouR, at th ccnclusion of the irgoinent, reserved judlgment. The Solicdtor-General, Mr. R.L Palmer, Mr.z Lloyd, Mr. Billy, Mr. Cairns, Mr. Selyn, lr. Young, and Mr. 2lalder, appeared in the case.
VICE-CHANCELLoRs' COURT's. 3&rA--Pr 1q- - - . EVANS V. CO'ENT.Y. (Bcfore FV=-ChancdUor Sir R. T. KXNXRSx.1 'xms suit, wiacn relates to the General Benefit Loan Society and Deposit Bank, which suddenly ceased business in September, 1854, by the absconding of the Secretary, and -which -as at the time made the subject of an application tothe Lord Mayor, now came on for hearing. 3Ir. Aximnsox (with whom was Mir. G. Collins) opened tho caso for the plaintiffs, which is stillprocedding, and we therefore defer a full repiort until the case is conduded. (Before V?ceChancdlor Sir W. P. W9O1,.) SrIF1 V. CASSELL. This case,whichhas already come before the.Court upon a motion for an injunction to restrain the defendant, John Frederick Smith, from writing works of fiction for CasWs IUu#trated Fanzily Nczvspnpcr in violation of Smith's agree. ment with the plaintifl; the proprietor of the Londo' Journal, and also to restrain the publication cif any work o', fiction written by Smith in CasseW.s llustrad Famil.y Kewsaper, was again presented to the Court-in the shape of ademurrer. The case as fully reported in Aic Timen upon the motion for an injunction, and it will be sufficient to state that the plainti'f relied upon the following correspondence as constituting the agreement between hirSself and Smith, in respect of 'which he had filed his bill:- "Feb. 22, 1855. "I hereby agree that you shall write me two tales for the London.Tournal, extending over a period of one year, the titles to be hereafter agreea upon, and for which I agreeto pay you the sum of 101. per week for each number, thef number containing about as much matter weekly as tho tale called ' Temptation,' wrote by you, and lately publshed in the London Journal. And I agree to recei*e-the first rumber on the 2-9d of April, 1855, and continue to receive one number weekly during the term of one year, conditionally that you do not write for any other publication which shal be sold or published at a price less than 6d. : #"G. SF-.'> To this letter Smith had, on the 2d of 3larch, returned the following answer:- "I have received your letter of engagement, which is perfectly satisfactory. By the time agreed upon, if not be. ore, you shall have the first number, but I will see you in the course of the ensuing week to arrange 'respecting the title, subject, and numbers you wish it to run to. ",J.-F. SMnIrn. The defendant had gone to Pars at the' beginning of August, and had soon after his arrival there sent over a portion of the manuscript, in which the tale. that he vva engaged upon for the platintiff, under the aOreement con. tamed in the correspondence, was brought to an abrupt con. eLusion. The plaintiff, having ascertained that Smithhad transfEremdhis services to Cassefls Illustrated Farnib,He?e,s. aper, had filed his bill, and brought on amotion for an mjunction, as aleady stated. The Yice-Ohancellor had directed that motion to stand over until the plaintiff should have established his right at lsw. The defendant Smith had demurred to the bill for w:ant of equity. Mr. WILLCOCK and Mr. W. MoRR1S, in support of the demurrer, contended that the agreement did not amount to a contract onthe part of Smith to write for the plaintiff alone during the period of one year, but that the payment by the plaintiff and accentance of the manuscript was the condition upon which 'Smith abstained from writing for any other publication. As soon as Smith transferred his serices to any other paper tho plaintiff wav absolved from the necessity of paying hm. Any avgreement to restrain an author from the use of bis pen as he pleased was void as against public policy, and could not be enforced. The YIrcK-CffscmLou had no doubt upon the contract, 'which was for one year certain, nor could he think it was a fair conatmnetion to suppoew that the plaintiff was to pay this large price for the services of the defendant itithout some underitandin that thia engagement wa to lat fo a !year cekain- *se had been no brechbythe pleintiffinkis having ezoi4oyed a ecpetent literary *erUiemao ato otn p'ete the tale thtssbruptly terminlated bj the defendant~ iuch 'as would isentitlo- 'hnm to the per1Srmance of thi a.rcaea. Th§ esn d m us antherefore be allowred with oosta, -
COUBT of P2RCY, Eatn aalt-tr, J!arc7 12. J- E . .A2 Q :..IXUS Bcfome 3r~. CoMmigfonMr FONnlOLAOrTM'I - .j unxraps, described as general merchants, of King Williami-Street and, -Adel-street, applied for their certificates. The accounts have been published is detail. Mr. Spiers, for-tie assignees, offered no opposition. Hils BOyQrR tui~arke1 that a. number of the Iudian creditors did uo,t appear to hav*sceived any notice ef the bankrupt,cy,' and, as the awa aof Ntbe certiiicate might brtheir cIlims agamnst the-estate,' he must adjourn -the meeting for three months to give them an oppurtiity of - .' , ZX BEs TOWEL. The crtificate of the' Lankrupt4 a. shoemaker, of Walworth and Brixton, was oppoced on the ground that his -.etas hd not* realizecd the. 5& in the pound prescribed by the staLtute. Mr. CnMizt submitted that the assets were of the prescibedvnlne, and that the bankrupt should not be punid for the lossby realization. The CoUIT concurred, and granut6d an immuediate certificate of the hird class. I 2c iRE.LOM 33rjtN=L. - The bankupt traded-in Broad-street-buildings as Birngtmgl and Co., and in partership inl Sydney with Solomon * Maurice, aS S. hlaurice and-Co. From aprelliminary statement by Messrs. Young and Yo>ungthedebts and liabilitiesof the I;ondon firm axe from 25>,0001. 1O '30,00., the asets about 13,001 Mr. Itobert :Eletcher and Mfr. T. Taplin were chosen awignees _
MINSOLVENT DEBRTOPS.0URT,B farch 12. X,- r1! aEvoalT PA;- .. (Be fore tCe Ci 07= C <p:t_p This irsolvent, a baker at Camden-town, appeaed for ad' dication. The caL e was heard a few days nince, when creditors oppo'ed upon the ground of undue preference, and that their debt had been contracted without reasonable means Of waymenLt ft APP!Ated that the in'solvent took a business from his brother-ht,law, Ridding, b fter _t g. the pUrchase Inoney not having been pai, Ridding resumed possesiorof thebusines, and is nowv carrying it on. While ma prison, the insolvent had aso executed, in pursuance of an alleged prior promise, a conveyanco to Ridding of a le uynnarthe will of a relative. OaxC]E Co'eSSIsoNXn wvras of opinion that both groundso: opposition were fully established, and ordered the inolvent to be discharged after the lapse of eight calendar months fzom the date of the vesting order. ni BE THE HO1. I5MRY THOMAS SMITH STANLEY. Mr. Lainbe, the registrar, applied in this case for an extension of the time alloved to the insolvent for filing a petition. Tha insolvent, who is brother to the Earl of Derby, petitioned in 1854 nnder the Protection Act, but did not appea on the day fixed for bis hearing.. He is now in the ueen's F rison, and a creditor, Joseph Joel, a money agent, has obtained a veating order, -which renders it necessary for the insolmnt to file a schedule under penalty of being reznoved to 'he "remand ward" of the prison, where greater restrictiors are imposed. Mr. Iatabe read an affidavit from MIr. Stanley,statingthat he had been unable to procure the document necessary for the construction of his schedule, and he asked for two months' f.uther time to be alrowed him. The CHi" Cos,uissio-Nn said the time had only just expired, and therefore he would grant six wee' further time.
- SPBINYG ASSIZES. omE. rTRrnrvTh MAIDSTONE. 3RRca 12. UROWMX rMfE-(BefOrg Mr. JieUice COLERIDGF.) The cas) of Richard Bouchier, who was charged with snanxau&h;er, arising out of tEe runng down of the Josepbine Willis off uolkestone, was continuedlastnight. Several witnesses were examined on behalf of the prisoner, with a viewr to show that the Mangerton was not to blame, and among them was Captain Robertson, the Government inspector, who repeated the evidence he gave before the commuissioners, vhich was to the effect that, according to his opinion, the accident was occasioned by the helm of the Josephine being " starboarded " instead of " ported." The learaed JUDGI, when this evidence had been given, interposed, and intimated that it appeared to him that, upon the facts that had been proved on behalf of the defence, thb charge of manslaughter could not be maintained. The jury consequently returned a verdict of Not GuiUy. CVL SXDE.-(Before Mr. Baron ALD ESON and a S_p,il Jury.) TWE QUMEN V. SKPVWORTH A.D HOIENELL. This was an indictment for conspiracy and assault. 3Mr. ML Clambers, Q.C., Mr. Bibton, and Mr. T. Chitty were counsel for the prosecution. Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Bodkin, and Mr. Rose appeared for the defendants. Mr. CH sBERS said that it was with extreme regret 'he appeared to conduct the present prosecution, and that it dev)lved upon him to state the facts upon which the charge of conspiracy and assault was sought to le made Dut. Whatever notions might be enterI tained by fome persons in reference to the prosecution before they had heard the facts, he -was sure that when they had heard those facts they would be of opinion that it woula has ebeen impossible to bstainfrom instituting the present proceeding. In one sense, certainly, it was most important and interesting, because it involved the question of the discipline that was practised in a most excellent school, and the fact; he should have to laybefore them to his mind certainlyplaced the efficiency of the discipline in extreme doubt, and wthen the jury had heard the evidence he be. lieved they would feel the necessity of the present prosecution. Tne lefendants were young gentlemen who were orders in the establishment-of Dr. Welldon, the headmaster of Tunbridge SchooL They were, he believed, of the respective ages of 17 and 16, and the charge that was preferred against them was that of having conspired together to commit an aisaultupon the prosecutor, who was a young gentleman educated at the same school; and Slipton was also charged with having actually committed an assault. The jury were vrobubly aware- that the school in question. as institutedio far back as the year 1553 by Sir Andrew Judde for the benefit of boys living at Tunbridge or the. neighbourhood, and the Skinners' Comoany were the trustees and had the nmanagement of the institution. Originally the school was- only for boys such as he had deacnlied4 but in 1820 a new scheme was carried out under which differeat classes of boys became entitled to be educated at tiLe establishment, and the head master :eceived the privilege- of taking a certain number of boys as-boarders, and. these, he believed, paid as much as lto0. a-year each. The anciet class of free foundation scholars, however, -still continued, but it appeared that unhappily, tle boarders had carried out the feeling that the town boys were sabservient to them, and that they had a right to treat the foundation scholarx in a manner that was contrary to allproper rules of discipline.. The system of "fagging" was very well understood to exist inall public achoolr. Son e thought it right that such a system should be pernitted .o exist, and others thought it was wrong; bLut however -his might be, he submitted that it was clearly wrong to treaa the foundation boys, as a class, as inferiors, asnd compelthem to 'fag" for the apper class, and that they should be chatised if they refused to "fag" for them. He was instru ted, however,- that this was the course that was adopted, and that the town boys6, among other things, were mnade tb "fag" in the cricket-ground. The prosecutor was a young gentleman _ named Shepherd; he was the sot. of a clergyman living at Tunbridge, and as such was entitled- to the benefits of tne foundation. He (Mr. Chambers) was instrcted that he was a lad of nervous temperament and of bad health; and when he was sent to the school his father requested thst he might not be allowed to go-into the cricket-ground. It appeared, however, that iD the month of May last the defendant Skipworth- ordered him to go into the j:roundd to " fag'for lim, and the prosecutor told him that he was ordered not to do so, and refused. On the fo6lowing day it would appear thit as the prosecutor was going to school he was laid hold of by the defendant Hlorucl, who dng~ged him to a place where the other lad. Skipworth, veLs. standing with a number of other boys, and theree sed...wile Xh defendan inalicted yery severe chastisement r.non him with acanc lIe believed at would lie shown that the lad. Shepherd suffered very severely from. the ehasti<eint -thatuwas inflicted upon hii, and his friends felt it to be their daty to take steps to have the matter invesVgated by. the magistrates of the district, and he reWctted tto say that they had not adopted a couse which would hAve established the illegalityof the proceeding, and haxe rendered it unecessary to take futher steps in the matter. They had, however, not thought proper to do so and the pret indictment wastherefore preferred, in order that it might -be mad, known that theproceedincomplained of was altogether illegal and unjustsaabie, and that it must be disc ntinued n future. Edmund-BuxkeShepherd,theproeecutor, apparentlyaweak and far n ribust lad, was then examined. He said that he was 14 yeaes old, and in 3Ma last he wasapuilunder Dr. Welldaq at the Tunbridge SchooL On the 7th of May the defen4ant Skipworth: told him to go down into the cricket-gromnd and "fae' for him. Heat firstmade him no answer. All the lowei boys were made to "fag." Wit-1 ness Was a'danr-boy, and Skipworth was a boarder. He at length toldlthe defendat tht his "a pa" had ordered hima not togo i6to the cricket-ground. Mr.Baroi ALDPnsoN (to -the witness).-You should not have talked about your "pspa" You should have said, yourfather.- If a boy talks about his papa at school he is sure to get into it. (A liugh.) The witness irent on to say-that he did not go into the cricket-ground ;. he Wad been bid by Skipworth, and on the following morn ing when he went to school he heard some other boy say, '-Oh! Shepherd, I would not be in your shoes." (A lugh.) Ho went home, and wlhen he was returning to stchool about haLF-pst 9 doclock Hornell laid hold of him by the collar and dragged him a short distance ton aplace where SkiipWorlth was standing with a cane in his hand, ard surroundfied by abcout 40 of the -other boys. Horuell then held himn, ~nd Skipwvorth beat him over the back and rnes w7ith thec cae for two or three minutes. Be lid not desist fmam beating him until the school bell rang, and he gave him very hard blows. He screamed while he wzbin lieeie, and aftewards felt very faiit; at first he thoughlt of goiDg hones, Izathe met another of the-town boys who advised. himn to gorbac4 k.nd he was then punished by Or. Wdidon for being lat at school. Baron ALLDEP4;S here interposed, and iaidle thought that tiey really bad l;eAdrquit* enough of thecae .cTho assault was clearly illegal -id unjustifiable. There. was nothing t justify the besting, and he would ionly observe thz if the towrn boysw xeguYtreated dierentiyfromtha I ether, thOSe who so ated towards them did nlot conduct Mr' JAIre nsoWetd hs Lordship that nithing of the sort 'aW SP tte4, md If thec w atg c hould be ini a condition to prove fronm tie mouth' of the father of the prosecutor himuself that no differetuoe whatever was made in the treatment of the town boys. BaronALrnmD so Eaid, ihere was no tarin in fagjing wEen all'the boys were treated alike; the son of the du?e could clann no exempDtion, 'an it wras an sillutration. of the fee3ing of equlity that existed in England. le.was bimself educated at a school where there vwere day-boos and boarders, butthere was no distinction between them. Mr. 'JESsaid, be was instructed that it was not the fact that' the town boys were compelled to fag for the bo&rders, and that no distinction was made between the two cla ses. . - r . . . 7 Baron Amstsoz said that he w3as glad to -hear this, but if aiiy distinction at all was made he could only say, let thee .satem be abolishedl'for the future byuniversal accord. Mr. CHAMs}ER8said, he wasirstracted that formerly the distinction between' the boarders.and the town boys did exist, but he believed that' since'these proceedings had been instituted there had been some altezation in the system. ' B=ron`An sox-Then your clients are great public benefactors. (A laugh.) Itisnot; however,niMy uopuion, a case thatshould be tried here. --If these sort of actions were encouraged, I nim sure wnv might have 50 similat actions from Eton alone in the course oftheyear. (Alaugh.) It isapity-he did not bear the. beating as other boys generally 4o; 3nd wvithout crying aut. Mr.' J S said of course, the mnore -he cried the more hegotthrashed.~ 4laugb.) ' 'ASfter' sde'fimether conversation it was atrangedihat a' verdict of Guilty should be taken upons the count charging a common assault, it being left to his Lordship 1, both parties to say what should be done upon the subject of the costs. Baron ALRsos observed that he should beglad'to have' an assurance from Dr. Welldon that if any inequality edsted in the treatment- of the scholars it should be put down in future.' - - Dr. Welldon said, he could assure his Lordship that no such inequality as that which had been suggested was pernutted'to be carried out in the school. : Baron AiDE psos said, he hoped that the boys who were present would take the advice of an' old boy, and remember thatthey would nolonger be considered as gentlemenif they miade any such distinctionsin future.
:. FosolX.ciftoeir.T ATl.F.SBlRtY MAPt,.rr 12. CBowx CounT.-(Before tae iOpD CniEs JusTczVof th Conmon Pleas.) Jacques'Monti, a Swiss, wras indicted for having burgIariously broken and entered the house of Mr. Stanton, at Fenny Stratfoid, cn the night of the 4th -of July, and for having itolen certain articles therein.---- Mr. IL Browrne appeared for the prosecution. Tne prisoner had no- counsel, and, being a foreigner, the evidence was interpreted to him in French as it was given. - On the night of the 4th of- July the prosecutor, who is a watchmaker at Fenny Stratford, went to bed at 10 o'clock, having /fastened all the doors and wmdo'ws of his house, including those of the'kitcheu and pantry. In -the course of the night theprosecutor's' wife heard a noise and told him of it, but he did not think it worthwhile to get up. At half-past 5 he got up, and, on going downstaits, found that the windows of the kitchen and the pantry bad been broken open, and that a watch and a coat, m the pockets of which were a handkerchief and a of gloves, had been carried off. The windows had evi en been forced open from the outside by means of a chisel and a screwdriver. On the 21st of July the prisoner went to a pawnbroker at Rochester'and offered a pair of trousers 1n pawn. The pawnbroker thought the prisoner's demeanour suspicious, and sent for a conistable, who took him into custody. Some days afterwards the prosecutor came over from- Fenny Stratford and identified as the very property stolen from him on the night of Lthe 4th to the 5th of July, the coat, watch, handkerchief, and gloves which the prisonerwas wearing. The lodgingsoftheprisoner at- Chatham were also searched, and a chisel and crewiriver were. found, the marks made by which correaponded exactly with those made by the chiseland screwdriver which had been used to force -open the prosecutor's windo*s. The prisoner, in his defence,' said, iri French, that he boughR the things in. London to sell again, and that he did not leave Boulogne till the 10th of July, as hispassport would show. The LosD Cilmm' JusTmE.-Wh6re is it? - The tprisoner said he had left his passport with a friend whom he had had the misfortune to lose. The'learned Juion-told the iury that the time which had elapsed between the burglary and the discovery of the prisoner in possession of the propertywould.underordinary eircumstances, have relievedthe prisoner from the necessity of showing that he had come honestly by it; but in this casethere-were facts which were very strong against the prisoner. ' It was very singular that he shoulld have bought all the goods which had been takei from the prosecutor's house on the night of the burglary, and it would be a coincidence stiUl more odd if be had bought, or innocently come into possess on of, the very instruments bywhich the windows of the prosecutor's house had been forced open. The'juqyat once returned s verdict of GusUy. - Thprisoner was then -sentenced to be imprisoned and kept to hard laboar for 12 calendar months. Mfasy Anne Road wras indicted for having forged an endorsement to a cheek made payable to order. J hprosecuted and Mr. Keane defended the prsson,er. The clerk of a solicitor at Aylesbnry, who is employed-to. collect there the rents of a MiSS Y. A Read, who resides atFenniy Stratford, obtained a check for 13L. from a tenant named Pickess, and forwarded itin a letter,- in which he said that he had procured a check forher for 131. from Mr. Pickess, and that she might get it cashed by taldng it to a, banker and endorsing it. The letter was, by mistake, saddressed.to a MLiss M. A. Read, Stony Stratford," and, as the prisoner was the only woman of that name resident there, it was handed to her by the postman. Some two or three years ago she had, in the capacity of nurse, waited on during an illness a rst. Amess, since dead, and had also accompanied her to a trial at Bedford. For these services she had never been'paid, though payment had been pro-. mised; and when the letter was riead to her, for she was unable to read, she imagined that the money was for her services 'to'-rs. Aimess. She took -the check to the bank at Fenny StrMtford, showed the letter, said she did iot know Mr. Pickess, but that - she supposed the money was for her services to Mis. Amess.- The manager of the anktold her she had -better not take - the money until:he had got the check ca3hed at Aylesbury ag she might not be ible to replace - it if anything was wron-, and that he -would be able to give her an answer on theKFnday following; The inanager wrote toiylesburymerelyto knowif the6 check wouldbe paid, and receivedan aflBrative answer. When, therefore, the prisonercameontheF'ndaythe managergothertomakehermark on the back of the oheck, and gave her the 13g. in gold. A few daysafterwards it wasdiscoveredatAylesbury'thatthelady for whom the check hadbeen intended had not got it, and inquiries were instituted which brought the receipt of the check and the money home to the prisoner, One of the witnesses for the prosecution, the constable of Stony Stratford, proved that the Prisoner had been in attendance on Mrs. Amess, and had aways afterwards been in expectation of teceiving money for it. - The CH= Jusn cEt6ld the jury that the simple question for them was whether the prisoner at the time she endorsed the check boizd.4de believed that it was intended for her ? If she so believed she was entitled to be acquitted; if not, she mnst be found guilty. - The jury returned a verdict of .Not Gui1ty'. Mr. Prendergast, Q.C., sat for several hours in the grand jury room trying prisoners, and, with his assistance, the criminal business of the assizes was disposed of by an early hour in the afternoon.' 'Xsiu Piiius CouRlT.-(Before Mlr. Justice WiGHTrA- and aSpeciaZ JTury.) - - -MORTON V. CUPFH. lir. O'Malleyand Mr. rower appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeant Byles, M1r. Griffits, of the Odord Circuit, specialy retained, and Mr. Wroth represented the defendant. This was an action bv the clergyman of Little Missenden against the squire, to recover damages for an assault and a malicious information. The case was not concluded when it was necessary to despatch our report. - -
NORTHERN CIRCUIT. YORM IACH 1L-' - CIvi, CounRT.-(Before-fr. Baron MX&nwi.) The North and East Riding list, publishedto-dy, contains an entry of 17 causes, of which. two are' marked for special Juries, making-a total of a causes for4he county, - PAEr V. GRENWOOD.' This was an action for 'bxeach of promise of uarriage, to' which the defendant-pleaded the generalissue. hMr. Serjeant Wilkisa and Mr. Milwar appeared for the plaintiff; and fr. Manisty for the defendant. C It appeared 'from the opening statemeit of the learred Serjeant that the plaintiff was 41 years'ofage, and for_25 years the defendant had paid his addresses to her, until Ntovember last, when he had married another woman. The conduct of the defendant had been most heartless and unnaturil, and the plaintiff was oompelled to seek froni a jury some compensation for the injury she had received. - The defendant was acquainted with a person miamed AppleyaId, with whom he went to Blackpool in August last. While at: Blackpool the defendant was seen walking about with a' servant maid of MIr. Appleyard, and on his return to the n6eihboarhood of Halifax, where he lived, the plaintiff. haxingIheard of this taxed him with it, and hoped he was not'deceiving her. The defendant told her to discard her suspidions, and declared most solemnly that it was his irtentiontomakeherhiswife. Averyfewweeksafter this-onthe 5thof lTovember-the plaintiff head that the defendant had married Mr. Appleyard's servant naid._ The defenidant had pd his addreses to the plaintiff from the time she was 18. years of age, and by the conduct he had- pursued- had c*ublly treated her. : Elizabeth.Parker, the sister of Myr~ Parker, the plaintiff, was then called and examined. She said she resided at Dunghouse, near Halifax. She workedin a mill there. Witness had known defeidant as long as she xemembered anytihing. He:was in the habit of comingto their housetopay his add'ressesto her sister. He used to come two or three times a-week. Thc defendant is a master butcher. They used to bo but together.. She had heard the defendant speak about mafriage. - She heaid her sisterask hins, when:he caine from B kpool, if helhad not beei paying his addresses to-MAr. Apjileyard's servant. He 'denied this, and said he neither did court her nor ever had done, but only her (the plaintiff.) Sh was not to take notice of silly talk; he would marryher the plaintiff.) 'This was in Augustlast year. This promis r.e'had repeited. The defendantwas 42 years of age, and haq A large shop. Mr. Appleyard, his friend,; ias -X very .nice sot of a man, and he had a son who -wa fayor of Halifax. (Alaugh.) : ,ie witntss was rcross-exaiined to ''ow that there haa bee,n a' quaruct between her -broither-and the.defendant.1 WVXtness herself' had often walked from chIpel with- the defendan. -*. - -- ke"eYnined by Mr. SerJeantWi=xs,-Defendant eaLleI on wi*nAsze sister to take her to chae. Did he take her to plac of anusement s._Ye Wtie ?-To ray brother's wedding. (Loud la.u Lter.) Mw)thei witee proved bAirg hoard plantiff in the difendut7s presenoe tomplain that she had caught cold with' stoppin ouit at night with him; and defendant replied that he wvould stop that by arrYing her -nd-takinglierto his own home. Another witness proved that in ; last the defendant 'called"-to lookat M a laughra ho "was tig a bit 0' 'bacca." . This was the-plaintiff's casm. Mr. MA-isTy addressed the jury for the defence. His LoRDsIP, in sumuming up, told the jury if they were satisfied that the contUact was proved to give moderate 1 danages, an&not such a sumn s wvould ruin the defendant, and vhich tEe plaintiff would not get.- 'i T<he ,juq. ater a short consultatioriJ found a verdict for - the plaint2ff-DaiuagesL 2 : I CR,OWN COXRT.-(BeforeAfr. j;J(~WtcILLES.) Samuel Dyson,;aged 32, wa indiotediorwilfild corrupt jierjy at the last winter gaol deliverr, efore Mr. Baron -Ifartin, en the trial of one Jo6eph Marsh for arson Mr. Price and Mr. Johnst,one posecuted;andrHardy defended the prisoner.' It appeared 'that in October. liat. the acks of a faimer inamed HIattems,y; who aa a- farmn in the neighbourhoodi of BarnsIey, were fired, ind a reward of -5O. wMs offered for the apnreL,ension of the person who had set them on fire. - fterThis wai as offered the priner and his brother,: Jhectibmson, came forward Oand gave evidence that onhte wniihtmopthecirethey' were out about r12 o'cloc, v walkinz anith ato :pirls h hen, thed saw a great light at har. Hstterele'hs stcks, 'and a ian jumpd b over the 'wall. of . the h6-e1d in -whieh the tack i were, whom uthey seized. 'This man offered them went to let dhi go t away, and eventualy they let him go. This wan' X Joseph hMarsoh. They had seen him runing in a direction from the stacks. 'On this evidence Joeeph Marsh was-opprehended, and brought to trial last winter osrsize3, and at the trial he proved byaigreai; ass of evidence that hewas in bed atthe time of the lire, and had gone to hdsosn.it do hours hefore t te wire, and, being acicted with asthma;: hom heay been heard by the latnesue cJoghiur an hisibedrhom. from the time he wdent to bed' unti they wereD alarmed by the. outcryf of "Fire," when t.hey saw himcome to his door in his night-dess. On' this 'evidence Mnrsh was: ac uitted, andpj the o brothers. Dyvson were nowe indited for pereury. The jotire assigned was the hope of getting the reward, al.t did not appear that they wrere at all acquainted with 'Marli whom they'haa pitbbed -upon- merely as a l^abourer living in the neighbcourhood. ' .. These faGts having be'en proved.: Mr. HARDr addressed the jury for the'defence, contending |tha hedefedant mi,,ht well, have been mistaken, and .'.that the evidence did not showv vdlful and corrupt perjury. j His LonnsEnrr hainnesununed up the evidence, *.The. jury retired, andi after a short absence found the prisoner Guilty. -John Dyson, aged 23, was then tried for the same offence, on the same evidence, and was also found Guilty. His LORDSmP deferred passing sentence.
- OXFORD LRCCUIT, WORCESTEhC. MARCH 1L CIVIL COUfRT.-(Before.Ar. Baron BRABjWaL and a '-peciaz Juv.) COSWELL V. WORTH AND ANOTHER. Mi. Whateey, Q.C., Mr. Seijeant Pigott, and 3Mr. Phipson appeared for the laintiff ; and Mr. Keating, QC., and Mr.- Huddleston, for the defendants. -The.plaintiff in this action, William Coswell, was a journeymian:weaver, wvho sued the defendants, Williain Henry and Joseph Worth, carjet manufacturers, at Stourport, to recover mages for an injur-y sustained by the plaintiff by reason of the defendants' negligence in not fencing-machlinery as required by the Factory Act, the 7th and 8th of Victoria, chap. 15. The 21st kection of- that act enacted that evqry flywheel directly connected-with the steam-engine, or water-whcel, or other mechanical power, whether. in the engine-honise.or not,.and every part of a steam engine and water-wheel, and overy hoist or teagle, near to which children or young persons are liable to pass or be employed, and all parts of the mill-gearing ina factory shall be securely fenced.! Thb actionwas brought under the direction of the Secretary of. State for the Home Department, on the report and recommendation of the Inspector of Factories. The case had already been before the Court of. Queen's Bench. upol a demurrer, which raised the question whether the action could be sustained; but tiat question having been decided in favour of the. plaintif' the case now came down for trial upon the facts. The declaration alleged that the defendants were -the occupiers of a carpet manufactoy at Stourport, worked 5y stcam; that a part of the mill-gearing and shaft was not fenced'accordinig to ac of Parliament, whereby the plaintiff vias canght by the machinery and carried. up to the shaft, and his arm; broken. The defendant pleaded the genera' issue, and, secondly, that a part of the mill-gearing was a strap atrest and not at wvork, and that the plaintiff in disobedience 'of the express commands of the de fendants, and linowing the danger thereof, caught bold of the strap and so set it in motion, whereby the plaintiff sustained the injury complained of. The defend=aits also pleaded that the machinery was securely and properly fenced. It a'pieared from the plaintiffs evidence that he had formerlybeen a bandloom carpet weaver, but in the month of January, 1855, he entered the service of the defendants, who cirried'on a steain-power manufactory at Stourport. On the 16th of that month he was employed in changing 'the pSattern of a carpet and putting bobbins througlh the ppergirt of the loons. When the loom-was it w6ork it was set in motion by a shaft passing through the room hovei tho loon On the shaft was a- drum, an over this d win passed. an endless straP, which cosdiunicated' the mtion to another drum near tfie floor, whereby the maehinery of the loom was set in motion. When it became necessary for any purpose to stop the loom, this was done by slippling the strap off the upper drum and putting it over a large hook attached to a beam above the shaft. On the day. in question it appeared that a man who was work. ing 'th the plaintiff'at the loom slipped the trap off -the drum and omitted to put it on the hook, but -allowed it to lie slack on the shaft. The shaft was also'the prime mover of the other looms, and being continualy in motion, the strip lying loosly upon' it . 'ontiued slowly to revolve. According to the plaintiff's statement, be was puating the bobbins inthetdp of the loom, and found the stra wvich passed along its side obstructed his operations; he accordingly put his hand upon the strap to moveit aongthe shaft to a greater distance from the loom. In so :oing the strap became, "taut," and drew the plaintiff upto haf wherehisarm got so brokenandmnangled be-: tweexi the strap and shaft that it became necessary to am'putate the arm. It appeared that during the plaintiff's illness the 'defeni3ants had' sent him 12 dinners, and a halfsovereign was sent by somebody; but it being the opinion of Mr. nicks; the sub-inspector of factories, that the accident arose from the illegal neglect of the defendants properly to fence the maehinery, the present action was brought in' 'the name and for the benefit of the -plaintiff. The plaintiffland his witnesses were 'eross-examined to show that they hbad been cautioned by the defendants not to touch the strap in question, and that it was their duty to send for one of the overlookers to arrange the gearing whenever it was necessary to be done. They, however denied that they had received any such caution as alleged, though theystated that since the accident instructions of that kind had been givern, and notices to that effect ..had been put up in the fractory. On the part of the defendants it wvas admitted that the shaft was not fenced, but evidence was given to show that the aecident was not caused by the neglect of the defendants in not fencing 'the shaft, but by the plaintiff's own negligence in . meddlin with - the instead of sending for one the overClooer -The defendant Joseph Worth swore positively that he had cautioned 'the plaintiff with .respect to the shaft and geamnng, which' he pointed out to his notice; and other witnesses proved that they sas the defendant appa`rently giving him jnrtructionsX though from the noise in the 'Taet6rVthey eould uot hearwhat was said. It was also stated that the aecdentwas occasioned by the plaintiff's impro. perlv attemusing to put' the strap over the dran,- and that .the hooks w ich had been fixed on the beam had been placed there in obedience to the instrzictions .of 'Mr. Hicks, the sub-inspector of factories, in- order to render 'the strap secure when off the drum. Mr. Eicks was not called by the plaintiff-an omission which was, of course, commented on y:the defendants' counsel, who, however, did not supply the omnission. . . MIr. BaronL B BuarwEr, insusingup the evidenee, said, it mnsst be taken that the shat was' nhot' fenced, and that if it had been fenced the acddent could not have' happened. It 'was the duty of the defendants 'to,fence the shaft -'and that not -being done, if the accidents ere owing to their neglect, a ight of 'action accrued to the plaintifffor the injury which he had reeeived. But, notwithstanding the defendants? negligence, if the accident could not have happened without the wrongful act, o.negligence of the 1aintsff, he (MIr. Baron Branwell) was Iof.. opinion the acton could not be sustained. His ordship adopted the language of Mfr.. Justie Crompton, in viong- judgment on the demurrer in this-. case, to- the effect that if the accident *as owing' to the mere negligence of. the, defeidants'the verdict ought to befor the plaintiff,; ba,t if it was.owing to the plaitffis ovwn negligence, or improper act, their verdict ought to be for the defendants. His ordabip said, in reference to the evidence, that it was more likelythat the plaintiff had forgotten the caition given to him th that the defendants slould wilfully state what was false; and that, while all miist pity the,paintiff it wthethe duty of those who wished to,show their chaity to do so out ofeir ir own pockets, and not out of the pockets of the defendants. If, however, the ju'ry 'thought -the defendants had cused the accident by tlheir'inere neghigence, and it'-had rnot been caused by the negligenee or wrosonful act of. the Plaintiff, they 'ought to find a verdict- for the plaintiff~, with- such damages as they - shoul4 consider upon the evidence be wvas entitled to "- The.Jay foand'a' verdict for the defendants, and added gthat they-tbught the'accident bad' been occasioned-by tho paintifi's-own neg}igence. - . - . -Mr. -}'G SJia sd, 'he was entitled to ?e verdict on the. -t TBa±rosi BRArWELL said, he thought the second plea wuliotprdved: 7here'was not anvexpreps conmnandiven :t6theplaintiff that the strap should notbetouched. :' The jury said, they thou$ht the accident was owinz to the plaintiff's recldessness -mn an.ddling vith the-strap after proper caution; an'd the4ysuequently foind that it was -done agaist the defendanta'iexpress coasmands.. A Yerdinb was then' taken 'for tSo 'defeAdants on the first and second ise and fQf the-Plaintiffori the.third. Mr. Baron -B aded th the'defendants weri 'lo entifled'ti the6 f-dietuipon'.the gioutnd tbatit wvas no' *thle aiatbut'the e04rsp ohAid-thoischief; - MtT)WQ MD 4Ti1O~~ S .V,; ,FOEr$D,, WOS,I5TEm: sD. wogsV Y ]oD` . 1 - Mr. ,Keatzg,-'Q;C.', 3e.~Gray' ^iidMi-Cook FiG'v -aiP gaodfr thle pt xntifiEs'afdd:lr.WliMiey,Xq 1 ii Th ?-3ir?th actionwerereveri?oerato? ^ho,use'an premiasesadjinnthe Worce~ter station- ef the Ozord, Wereester, and- Wolverhnpton Ealwa7, and they aned thie comnpany to reco*er eaae for a nuisance czeatedi by' them in the neighbourhood of the plaintif house, -where?by tb. vshu. ef Use p?ropenrt wavs greatly depreciat,1, awd tbew ihtereat w roeversioners injured. The defendants jleadec the g ranelisO, adilso twoothir.pleas, in-whieh thy denied tlhe poe~sasln of the pai,ntiffs and of t4eir teante, andalo. the plaiatie interest in tlt c prem ise as- eversioners. -It appeared tias the plaintie- were inortaors: in- poCreion -h athouse idited at eainbow.hfll, near,the raitolastation, aid dae breF the opemng of the derfendts' rlway the plrintif' w ent har l let the ipour e at an annual rent of- in Onalhe te tenas, a person nawed DaidJoy, ocupeed the sae down-toMichaeiznas.h1855. whenthe was succeeded1 By the present tenant, a; socidtor, named. Corles, -wqho took the 1house as a' tennt- -from year to year, at the redacedr lo 35L The reason for this reduction of the rent was,t~4, the property hd b'een much deteriorated in value by t~eopeni_g of the rilway, and the annoyances resulting therefrom. - In' the! first' instance there waa a shed at3 a distanoe of 160-yards.. The tensut at that time compiained of -the. annoyance which he experiencqd '£rorm the -learing- out of-the engines- vhich wasdone at he end of the shed, an opertion which not only produced a; noise which was quite' duWeping fr6m the letting offofsteam, butalso tbeinoit:offensiv. sinells. Ee. e6ntly, hoeveyr, a second shedor workshop had been. erected withmn a distance of only 12 of 13-yaids of the painWs housw and tSe noises froni this place were -sad to be eof- most deafening character. One of the witnesses, the servant of the-pTesent tenant, said that she could not zleep for three months L after she entered 'the`service, -which she explaitied-td mean that her sleep was so liEt and irregular that she oould hear' the clock strike all thehEoiirs of the night. It - is butjustice, however,to tSewsitness, Ka-yTouinis,avery bloomino,oung woman, to state that -she.did n* apear to havesufferedi*n her health 'i consequence, though aheenied that she ,had ot accustoined to the noise of the liammera; er liked it as well ns the s6und of village bellh. She said, indeed, that .if tSe -noises continued se Iwould leave her place.' The present tcnauitsp,oke'to therae effect. Itap peared that, after the action wa threatened, the comnvy had offered to ta'ke a lease of the house at a rental 4. a-year, but the offer was not.-acoeptod, ecuse, it ws was stated, the mortgaee wnted, to be pid o5t.and the solicitors advised thc contrary. '. - -UF. WHTELEY said, he could not dispute the facts a they' bad been proved,- but he submitted-the pliintii, as nortgaors -in' -posseenon, had-no reversionary interest such, ab wioud entitle them to maintain the action. Mr. Baron . BRABELJ 'after some considerable dis-: CUssion on this point, suggested to the plaintiffs' counsel that ho ahoulld ho nonnuitod, huit,. on their refusls^, Luie Lordship directed averdict to be entered for the defendants on* all the issues. '-' T his case concluded tie business oE these aiw es h - - SPECIAL - eJreeE. pWhen the specil juries were dismissed, .one of them called theattention of the leanedJudgetothe fact.ASt in the wrealthy ap4 populous county of WForcester the special jury list contained only 120 names, the effect of which wran, thae an rundrie burden was imposed on -those who were upon the li. The matterhadalreadybeencalled to the attention ofte*dge at the assizes. - or. W RATLn WELL said, he feared he had uo tower to provide a remedy, but his Lordship thought that if fewer were. summoned they would be more likely to attend and that might lessen the inconvenience complained of.
WRVSTi RN VlTvMRI' SALTSBTIRY. MART.wr 12. CROWN COUYRT.-(BefOre Mr. Justice CRow:nER.) James Andrews was indicted for shooting his wife on the 21st of Fcbriary at West 'Vellow; with intent to do her gnevous bodily harm, k- Mr. Hodges was counsel forz the prosecution, and hMr. W. H. Cooke, for the prisoner. It apped from the evidence that these parties, agricultural labourers, bad been married 25 years; they had 10 children. On the morning of the 21st of February the prisoner went out with hishorseand cart; hereturned about o o'clock in the afternoon, being at that time -ve'ry drunk; he came indoors, and-the wife seeing hini looking very angry left the house. He called to her and she went indoors. He then asked her if she had not any " grab" for him. She said she had, and she put some hot sictaals before bia, and then she went out of doors. He again caUed her in and said to her, " You act upright and down straight." She said. " I will, father; if P do wrong you tell me of it and I will acknowledge it." He then got up and went towards then wbicl- as hangig upinthe rocm. The wife being aarmed. again went out and "cut. about" as she thought he was going to do something, and she tried to keep out of the way. She looked round alid saw tbe prisoner poibting the gun at her. She xan further, and herw_ead and body were round the corner of the house, when she heard the gun go off, and found herself shot. in the heel andshefelldown. Theprisoner was in the habit of getting drink at market, and then he always threatened to take her life. He bad put the gun np to his shoulder before he fired it off. Five shots went tnrough the woman's boot, - For the defence, it was urged that the gin went off by accident: - The learned JuDiGE having smmed up the case, The jury retired, but soon returned with a verdict of Guiily. Sentence was deferred until-this morning, when Mr. Justice -CnowDE said that but for the interpositi on of Providence the prisoner would have taken the -ife of . his wife. Such violence must be put a stop to by severe punish3ent; and therefore he should sentence him to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labour. Jane Hulbert was indicted forreceiving a quantity of lea at Chipienhaic, knowing it to have been stolen. . -' r. Arney and Mr. Swayne were counsel for the prosecu. tiGn, and M. Hfodges defend6d the prisoner.: cldik, and she kepta.shop inChippenhain. A guantityof. leaid haning been stolen fr-om a yard in the tow n, it was detcrinined to search the prisoner's house, and in at thke lead. w;as fouind- it wveighed 39lb. It- apered that two little boys h~ad taken the lead to the prnsoner's shop and offered it for sale, and the prisoner gave them half-a-crown for it. When the prisoner w;as apprehended she instantly said thather husband knewr nothing'of it, and that,rif it could be settled summnarily, she could fiud lOOt. The jury having found the prisoner Guiity, senLtence ma dleferred until this morning.poe Mfr. Justice CnOwiran said, he believed the prsnrhad keen intheo habit of reoceiving stolen property, -and it was recessary to visit receivers of stolen goods writh r; severe punihment; he should therefore sentence her to be imprisoned for two years and to be I ept.to hard labour. NISI Pnts COunRT.-BefOre MVr. &rccicnt CHAZILL) Only three causes wrere-entered for tial, and one of them vwas settled. Niearly twro days were occupied in trying thos two cases.--- Trhis was an action of trespass upon a field in the occupation of the p1intiff, called New-mead, in the ueighbourhood of Caine. TPhe defendant p leaded a right of way. Mr. Butt and Mr. Karalake appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. .&rney and MEr. T. W. Saunders for the defendant. The trial occulpied a day anld a-h'alf and involved arnimmense mass of evidence, -both documentary and oral, about' .40 wiitnesses-being examined, besides' a varietY of wls, settlemsents, certiicates, and other documents being put in and read. Several qu,stons of- lw wrere -discussed and reserved for the opinaon -of the Court' above, and ultimatdly the jury returned a vereict for the ulaint;ff-l)amages. 40s. Mr. -Justice Crowder sat till9 o clock on Tuesday night and. M. Seriesat Chaunell .took his seat this nmorning at 8 o'clock. Mr..Butt tried prisoners yesterday afternoon.
MIDDLESEX SESSIONS, Wedneiday, March 12. (Before Mr. PAsBLEY, Q.C., Assistant-Tudge.) William Cook, 24, tailor, was indicted for stealing five watches, the property of Charles Porter. Theprosecuto w.s awa-vtchmaker at No. 2, White Horseterrace, Stepzey, and on the evening of the .31st of December, during a momentaar' absence from the shop, he heardthe smash of glass, and on running to the window he found that two panes had been broken, and Sfve silver watches taken from a tray inside. There was blood on the broken glass. The thief had got clear away. The prisoner was ap prehended,upon information received by Police-constable 52 4, at 18, Flower and Dean-street, Spitalfields, where he lodged with~a man named limn, a cabinetmaker. Flinn statedthat on the evening in question the prisoner came homne vith his right hand bleeding. At his request he washed it, andtook out of the woundsome bits of glass, and on being asked howr it happened he saidhe had dasshed his handthrough a jeweller's shop windownearStepneyChurch, but: had'got only one watch, as the person was at the back of the'shop, and-was soquickwhenhebrokethe!glass thathe had iot time to get more than one. He went out, and on his, rettni he said he had sold it fos 50E.-less thaim half what it wai ticketed in the window. The juryfound the prisoner GfZly. It was stated that the prisoner had been previoislyt onvicted, and had been recognized at the Holloway Prison as a man who was senteneed at the Old Bailey to transportatioi in 1851. There was reason to infer therefore that he was alticket-of-leave man. - TheAsrs=AT-TunGY saidwithoutassuning as afactthat the prisonerreallywasa convict onticket-of-leave, therewas quite suPocient before the Court in the case which had been proved against hiih, and in anotherwhich had not been gone Into-a precisely sioilar' ease, a robbery of watches by bretinga shop w/inldow-to require that a severe sentence should be passed upon him. HIe should sentence him to sin yea;s' penal servitude. The prisoner- said if he lived to ome back he wopl do, Fli na good turn. tran cis 2Eliott, 23, a Peravian sailor, was indieted for unlawfuy cutting and wounding Frederick Thompson, a constable of the metropolitan police force, in the execution of his8duty. The prisoner a desperate-looking rzfflan, was discharged from te' HEouse of'Correction, after an imprisonmenit of twelve months for felony, on the 19th of -Fe,brnary;. and on- the 26th -he went to a coffeehouse, lEo. 91,- Iloal Mint-street, Whmitocha-ne, and by reuroseating that he belonged to the sijinfelplmiana, from-Cause, '3nd had 2&. owing to him by the captain, he obtained lodginig and b>oard on credit. -On the 27th he went. with [a ~ianl he- called his - brother and- the proprieter of the coffeehouse to the Mexican-Consul's,in Albany-strect; the pnsoner-rejnained outside while'tih bther Itwo- w ent 'in The brotherhad some conversation.with the Consul about 'the captain of the Delphiana owing him 241. and his brother'(the prisoner) 26g.i and on Yeturning home the prisoner- borrowed Vs. -oif d the coffeehouse-keeper, ajid severAlL sumisisubsequer.tly. - Suspici6ii at last began'to ereep into the -mind- of-.the latter, .and, ;having satisfedhimsielf by inquiry at the 'docks that there was no such vessel as the Delphiana, he called a constable and gave the prisoner into custody.. 0 :the way to the station be drew a hange clasuinife :from his rocket, and said, "Now rm ready- for thepsir of you," aiming at the same time a blow at the person a;ho cirlged him with the fraudw but for-' tuiatel,be'drer back, and the blow missed. They strug'gei1 weth' him and cried out for asistAmce. 4nothiei -constable, the' prosecutor,' canie up, amid as he 'was ende'ouring to get the knife awwy from tbe- prisonerihe atter -truck him with it acroe the hand, cutting the thumb and fingers badly.- ' He was at length secured, and the weapon wrested from him. The jury fouind hinm Guily of the whole charge. While the evidence was being given the priso,er kept on msutteis EQthding th ^ s e p t th behhad only -don at ie WA ustc69d in doing, but would, if he had .a chsnee do gea deal nore- I - Ajurymsn, vhoid overheard soime of thi,- ad it was to be hoped that .his Lordshjp would cause the pnisoner to be kept out.of . the reach of weipoins during hi punishment as he hai he1ii himl vowing engeance, aM makdng the moAt dreadiul thregtn. d . - .ng The prsquer sullenly said he wished the Court wrould transport han to Pera at once.. . 'The AS S s saidd he colld. mot do that, but if e'vr'the prisonerfoujd himself il Pertu again itzwouldbe *quite as well gheGter left it for Englaind because, whatever might be the cae there, there was ' this countrV a -decided ob ection-tolthe-u"e of tLe lkife-a Practice woh zcd'upon as demanding hMverity of puniishent. IIe:sbouldaehteneebhji to haed labes for 1S 3nonths, and at the x ation of that time to enter into his on recognirnce6 mn 1CvtMo keep the pceace for threc years, so that if he rcmaine~d in &nglnd, and. ccmnitted. any breach of the peace, he would liave to pay that amnount, or gotopxj,on for a very. consideraNeRtime.
POLICER MASSIO0N-3lOUS-Davd Grant ws brought before AN an, CARTzB forre-examination, charged -with having Obtgoodli byrmeansof aforged-order. -Upon t efir*iamnwoma lerkof et wz? Xic..and Co., of lombard-street, perfWunera laid -that the prisoner had, on the 4th' of February, caled and presented a printed order, purporting to be from Messrs. Davis, Eales, and Co., for three boxes of brown Windsor soap, value 1I. 4s.; that -thoeprlso4er received the soa,and tbat wvhen inquiries were made no such fiml was foun to be in zxistence,. bt-it, was stated*lbit. peeple of iidexd extat the ware. house prevu-.sly. The prisoner said he hd been engaged by Messrs. Dasvi and 1ales,-of-So. 82, Upper ies-stret,.as5 orter, and that he had called with the order .on Messrs. Nce and Co. by their direction, and delivered to his employers the goods. UpoI tha second exainaation -a -mn -named Edward Davis, who said he resided; at No. 2, Woodbine cottages, Stamford-road, Xings]and, and -out of business, appeared-, imc :said tha the order produced was his hand. writing; that the prisoner had lived asporter with the firm of- Davi and-Hales-; and that the produce of the order had been regularly received by the finn. The witness also stated that the:prisoner had been in-the empdoyment of Davis and Bales aspAorter at-l5per week.. Alderlnan CiTs sked Mr. Davis vwhether the rm of Davis aQajdfales bad any local habitation?s The #Etness said the firu had been in existence, but was not at that moment. -. - . - The landlord of the house No. 82, UIpper. Thames-street, said that the warehouse had been hired of him by Nessrs. Davis and Hles; that tloyhad occupiedit about six months, -and, after having received goods there of various descriptions; had disappeared without having given notice or paid any rent. Ho iddea that mnony letters hadbeen re'aived at the warciouse directed to the fa-ini after- they ad left it, but that nobodyhbad caled forthem. Several tradesmen-bere made their appearance in the witness-box and said theyhad been: plundered by the firm of Davis<and Hales, and they-beggedthatthe aldermanwould suggest-to them some cohse of proceedingagainst the firm Alderm3a Canx said- it wvas evident that the prisoner had acted under the direction of the firm of Davis and Hales; and that the order wvas not a forgery. The prisoner must, therefore, be discharged. -With respect to the cornpisints of those who had applied to agnsttbe firm of Davis-and Hales, he wrould advise themtn apply to another Court, > wh liich no doubt justice- would be done, but he could,not adjudicate, alth6ughthe cases were tainted with .GruwauAIv-rIenry Iambert, aliawDobsoni a clerk in the einploy of Mr. Greenfield, astockbroker of Throgmorton-street, was placed at the bar before Mr. Aldennan CHAXIIS, chaged -with defrauding his master of various sums to the ashount of nearly 2001. . : - It Appeard theprisoner had been aboit two years in the service of Mr. Greenfield, and during that time it had been his dtytokee*-the ledger -aand balanceup.the accounts of his mases customers; but, in consequence of the absence of the .prisoner for severl dys-duflng-the last sessions of the Central Criminal Court, where the prisoner said he was a witnss for his friend. Dobson, who wasprosecuting a woman for robbing hin, Mi. Greenfield's suspicions -were aroused, and he therefore -examnined the ledger kept by the prisoner, and -then discovered that several accountswhich * hadbeen mii ide to appear balanced had been in fact overpaid, and he therefore took an officer-with himz to the Old ailey, ld- -there - found that the prisoner.and his friend Dobson were one and the same person. - Evidence was given in twocses in which the prisoner had obtained two sums of - 50 and ll. 5s., alleging that those amounts were due,- the first toMr. Bishop, of Shorter's-oourt, and the other to Messrs. Coxand Co.<-Payment of both checks was traced to the prisoner, and proof was given showing that he had not paid-either of those smus to tze parties for wshom he stated he xcqiired them.. It was also shown that -the accounts of those persons had been properly balanced, without the two checkc abovementioned. Ald nan CnALuas said, Mx. Greenfield, in the hope that it waslihe prisoner's first offence, had klindly recommended -the case to be sunnunaily dealt with, but, under all the circumstanc's, he-considered the case one of so much importance, that he should not be doing his duty to the public if he. did not co-Dmmit the prisoner for trial. : The prisoner declined to make any defence, and he wvas then domnmitted for trialon two cases. George Dusher and Henry Dasher, father and son, were brought up on remand, charged with stealing a large quan_fivg1bcsyPmr$5ertvrof Messrs. Atlinson and Co., Mr.~ Woatner appeared for the prosecution, and stated that the father had been in the prosecutors' employnearly30 years,? and'- the -son about- 8- or 9 yes. The former ias employed as engineer in the engine-room, and as suchvouldihave no business with any of the drugs or chynicsls. It wvas the duty of the son to attend to -one of -themills in another -department connected with the e.ngine, and he there.fore had aecess to large quantities of dn2gsduringthe process of grinding. The prosecutors entetained suspicionswith regard to the honesty of the prisoers, and therefore instituted a strict watch upon all their actions,rhen the father was detected-by Russell the office*, with a largebundle, containingamnong other: this 151b. bf Spanish lieg whichthe son had' been- employed in grindang -on thait day. . Both prisoners had.been -watched leaving the preniises on various occasions sand they had been traced to the father's lodgings. - On those occasions it -was notic dtheirpersons presented a very bulkt appearance, which was not the case after they had visited the house Whe4 the father lived. The lodginggof both prisoners had been learched, anla Lrge quantity of drugs, oiL of almonds, and. qser -property belonging to their employers, vwms found tea hplace. Thewpropertywas identified as far as possible, and the pisoners were comnuittdd to Newgate for isiaLi *W t ss .-Thomas -opkins and James Chitty, two yoweful, determiined-lookingfelows, were charged before M.ANoa 07 with committing a burglary at. the residence of Mi. Gibson, 23, Besiborough-gardens, Vauxhall-bridge- TSaah tfild-servant in.the prsctrsestablishment, *proved that-at half-pastl0.on Tuesday night shiefastened up blet ihaster's house, and saw that the vwhole ef the. windowgs .were1secured. ' - . ' . David Gibson, sipecial pleader, 23, Besaborough-gardens, said-that hews awoke at - about daybreak that morning byarapping at his bedroom door, and, upon going down stairb, found that thebaclk parlour window hd- been forced open; the back lditchen windowhad also been broklen, but no erson could- obtain ingress -there in consequence of the inside being -protected. with iron bars. .The kitchen was stre*n vith the servants' clothing, and. a writin,-desk and -teacaddy, which had been removed from the parlour, were foid in the backyard, both.broken open and the papers and other contents scattered about. There was blood on seveial of the papers-as-.well as on the deskandGaddy. Mis- Gibson- staitd,-. that the desk had -contained a 51. no 5 IQ sovereigns in gold>., shiling, a pencilcase, seal, and !penholder, %1 of which-were sing. -Two persons ,reselnbling the-prisoners passed and repassed the house at brea3fst-tiine on Tuesday morning, and looked up at the windows on both occasions. Cliales-Piper,- 184 B,: said, that he observed the two prisoners incompany vdth a-vmanloiteringaboutBessborough. gardens at about half-past 2 on Wednesday morning, and, mng mentioned the circumstance to another constable and his sergeant,theywere bnathe ilert. . At. a little after -4 thy observed the prisoners get over a fence, which en- los6d somel- imfikahed h6usestwoXO ttire doors-from the -proshcvioiYs, info fo uh-gardens. ,Ohittywas immediat§ly foUowed by Sereant Carter,.19 B, ana, -being secired was giveri over into the -hands of witness, who prodeied-sitli -him as- far- as Bonlsonby-place, whegire he ddenly - produced a life-preservrer, and, having knocked -wiitikess's hat o31; struck him seven or eight; timnes on the -top tof -the. head with the wreapon. -Chitt put his hand ovek -his nsoiith to stifle-his- cries for assistanoe, but Polce-coiAable arrell,- 130 B, came up, and he s sec,red,-when he expressed his regret that.he-had notstruck wintness in the riht placc..e witliesin theble }11dl. proved followving Eop.dn, wh Police-eonbta=~ roofko " okisho jundped over a wal into the riverwith abundle in his hand, nea3 Vauxhall-bridge. He was found in five minutes afterwasds concealed under a cart, belonging to a coal-merchant, on the shore. .- _- -: - -- Segant Carter proved finding 141.-10s. in-gold and Is. in silver on HIopkins, and threeboots, a seal, pencilcase, and .pei,holder inCitty's pockeIs. . . The latters hand was bleeding- very -much from -a- cut.. Witness then went to Bess. berough-gardens, andfound a ladder used for building purposes six or seven doors off had- been -removed, and placed -up to Mr.- Gilson's parlour window, the spring fastening of w7hich hadactually -been broken offby the5ash being forced up with some poveiful instrument. After observing the appearances described by Mr. Gibson, he went up to that gentleman's bedromi and woke hii.: Evidence ws -given showing that the bundle carried by Hopldus was feundin th.e Tames, and.was a shawl belong-ing to one of the servant girls, whichhbad been left inher box in-the back kitchen on- the previous- night. Close to tile bundle a big was found contaz a- set of housebreaking iinplements.< The thzre- :bwots fgund on -Chitty were identified-by the prosecutor. - Mr. AnKoLD inquired whether some marks nade upon thepremises corresponded-with the "jemmr" found? -'Diepolice xeplied th t they appered to do so, but they hid not acertained the fact positively.' 3fr. AnltL- remnanded the prisonersfora week The prisoner CMtty is A tickettof-leave man, who was transportedfor a daring robbery in.this meighbourhood four or Ave years ago. - . - . - W ST4XIWosR ert, deseribing himself as a cotermonrge, was charged before Mr,. D]EnxcomrT with Bi conesned withothersin the following.uurglary. - - Exic; i th e s tion i of the Eastern co ntie Rsly da7li iabagcoan-owthplate g1wFfo ketb * hlipe a eige mnufacturer wrho 11eW aeeharo b bousetli, htprevious o3 xtl -to 4eat at 4 L$op of ibe presie.bt roued out at ale t a4 x mosng,ong one osne knot lo his ,*h Tbo Woo*thaSi "Police?' "Police ' said r. M Thllips ; 'why, w lef me, how did yonjet in, and what do-'wnt' Want you," repli the Voe, "your harvsees been broken into and we have caught one 0f tie thiees." "Very well," aid the prosecutor; * hime'the goodne; to wake up my young man in the next roomn, will you, an&Mll be down directly' 'and on this beingdoslonend,the prosecu4tor descending to the parlour, he there found the prisoner between tivoconstablea anid -axt one awcogaied- himsa having-been for some time-past loitering about his premin in a suspicious mnner, and in th company of other metiof known bad hacter. .Anentrance had becn effect dat the rearofthelhousebyforcingup thethutte4rxof A window, and it was plainthat iore tha oue had been concernaedin the burglary as the sna.ks of a crowbar were distinct£i visble upon the hutkgrs, while no' houschreakig :inle ments whatever were- discovered on the prisoner. - > shop was found- in '. -state -of the greatest -oonfr-. sion, the oounter being -scovered with cigars- i --the value of 6L., ready for ak into a large b1e bag on the floor, "and," s9ai NW.' illipe, A"the prisonermust be an excellent judge o*Igiaa for Ee selected the beet Ihad got.". It then ajpeard thatAwo e6tisfablee nasne& Pasons and -Manb-had seen the &5 door move whil passing it, r.d, havingnoticed*m .lurkinga'out; who wagnot the-prisoner, but aneiiient tbief, they forded the dooropen, and in the cellr found the primoner, who professednottohkowhowU Lad got-into theh6use, of what -motive he had inbeigthere. The place iaserched, but no crowbar discovered, and the police thioughlt they rnigbb be able to trstee the confederate. - e prisoner declared he bad rer been in SSe house before, and that the prosecutor wiis inistakhen in snpposinglhe haa preiousldyscen hm, Xt he offered no -other defence, and wascommitted tillthat day week .' CLERnmixwzrA.-William Robinson, i very respnctably dressed maz, with a moustache, Vged49, and who denribed himself ori the pol;ce sheet asA commaon inforner, retdinz atNo. 6,Blue Von-court, wvassaed at the bar on reianl blfore Mr. -CoRnui, cEarged with obtaiing money.uaaer falsepretenresfrom several persons, by represeuting tha*Xoewas a poice inspector, appointed under the new Metropolitanc ansgement Actfortheinsppction of water. closets. e. It appeared fomtheevidenceofrfr.ntiyAnPhipe,4 'who carriedonthe-bueinessof a cowkeepekin Charterhouse. lane, Aldersgate-street, that the prisoner called at her hous c-nthe afternoon of fonday ieeklast,.and,seeingher childin tLheaop, asked her wherejer,nother ws. Vhen the witness cme into the- shop the prisoner was iwi-t o*n something in a book, and he then told the child that he vws an-inspector of watercosets. - Re then left, and came back again at 9- oelock at.nikht. She ws then in the -show. when the prisoner said " You are the mother, I. be-. liever iand she replied "'Yes, you are the gentleman that was here. before to-day;" when he said "1 es, and T have called for the sum of 1l Se. 6d., for there is something wrong with the-watercloset in your back yard." She replied that she was not theri prepared to pay the money, but that f lie would call in the morniing, or would leave hisiddress,.the ioney should be sent' to hiu. He-then said he would taikess. 6d. for his trotble, tnd that if he were _id& thatsunmhewouLd not bing -it before the- board in the morming. She agn said that she was notprepared to pay, anything, she not having -farhingn the house, when the prisoner sad, "If you are sbhrt 1 will take 2s. You are & fool if you do not pay thernoney, -for the boad will mikei you pay the full amount.1- The -witnesa, thinkdng that-all was not co rrect, said, for an excuse, that she would go an & fetch the money, but. instead of that A-s procured polioeconstable 1Twn, 424 A., Ad ave`ixiL into custody. Another witnessv as called, who proved paying the prisoner some money to prevent. him giving information, 'when he said he would not call -uon her for 12 inoriths; - - Sergeant Gunu, 8 G, said-the prisoner hxdbeen deframud ingseveralresjectable-persons mnder smar pretences. Tle prisoner hadgot a letter, which he had received-from the Commissioners of Police in answer to a note be hia sent to them relative to the alterations in the police collars. Be had only lately come out of prison. The prisoner, in defence, said that he thought he had a r3ght to act as An inspector, -and wvas then. committed for triaL . SoUT nWAR.-AL wellkdressed and rather handsomelooking young woman, named flora Linc5',n, described oen the charge-sheet as the wife of ' acarrier's clerk in -Walootsq.uare, Lamsbeth, was brought before Mx. Comran charged. with stealing 11 sovereigns fromAthe house of Ranna. Charlotte Dfay at 8-, -Southwark-bidge-roa v Mr. Solomon appeared for theprisoner. - The; prosecutrix - stated thAt she' hid been a widowsix years, and resided in' a r"esectable house in flie; Sonthwaxk-brndge-road, where she lived cnherm'icome. -he hadlknownthe prisoner inaiyyears. -s a*vezy reepc Lhab young woman, and she-wasgenerAlly called among their Jicquaintances ." EloraHasngs from her-strong resemblaiie6 --to a ate lady of that nsae. ' On the previous afternoon, shortly after 3 o'clock, the prisoner called upon her at ber house, and after chatting a -ihort time together they went out, and enteredthe Windsor Castle.Tavernx Closei0, wherethey had some brandy-And-water together. Whilestanding at the bar, two gentlemenasked them to take winewith them, which they did; and after that the prisonerconplaimed of siclness. . Witnets told her that a cup of teU would do her good, and consented -to - take -het home to her house and miake- some- The prisoner.tbanke& her for her kindness, and -they left the public-house and-partook of someten, afterwhich'she told witnesithat ihe felti. very queer, and requested that she might lie on' her bed a- whilen She eonsented, and allowed her to enter her beAroom, but previous to that she had hoawn the prisoner &. new scarf she had purchased,. and 12 asovereigns which she bad wapped up ill a piece of calico, and.depositedwith the lying - on the bed,. witness went out to purchasealf bread with one of the sovereigris, and on h the gentlemen whom they met in -the- public-house entered, and asked for a cup -of tea Witness tupplied him, anc. shortly afterwards- the priwoner and the gentleman left the bousetogether. As soonas theywere gone witness wa abonshedto seethe piece ofcalico nwhich hermoney had been wrapped lIng on.a chair, and she instantly suspeced that she hKd been. robbed. She aecordingly searched her box,and every part of the room, and-missed 17 sovereigns.- Feel-- ing stisfied2that no one Vould have robbed her but the' prisoner, she. went to serlhouse in Walcot-square, and gave her into.custody, . . -}n css'eiaminition, witness said she ws e x -respectable. widow, and got her livelihood 'by'wl.iign mending,. and. makinig- shirti,- but onb eing pressed- by Mr. Co3xBE: she admitted that she:wa living in adultery with a -an wbohassisted in supplying-, her wauts. He was a hardwb'cking man, -and. very-respecahale,--and they iived together as manand wife, She. had drank wine and brandy, but-was quitesober, and-'no on'e could have stolen the money ut the prisoner.- - . - Mr.i Solomon contended-.that his. client was a respectable married woman, and always believed the pxosecntrrx to be. the ssme nntil she made the prtesent charge. --She denied most'strenuously haning seen any gold in the Bssesion of the prosecutri, who, in- fact,- told her she had1no moniey, sid wanted-to borrow from her. - The prosRecutrix acknowledged .that shewnted to borrow a shilhng from the -prisoner, but still she had 31 sovereigns~ in her box. She prevaricated so much in answer to the-questions here -put hyMAdr. COsmnB that his worship said he coulld not believe a -ord -she uttered.- The.'e waa no ividence to showr that the prisoner had robbed her, therefore shenSustbediecharged;xnfact,- it -ws anufnddcag altogether. .. : nonddcag Henry Betherington -jes finallyaexamined, charged with breaking into the ,dwelling-house of W Mia Weaver; at124, Eent-street, and stealhng a quantity- of tea,, sugar,. tobacco, copper and silver money,. and other property. -. 'Mr. Solomon appeared for the accused.L The prosecutorstated,, that on the morning of Pniday, - -the 29th ult., lhe discovered, that his shop bad ben' broken open and 'ransacked of aiinost every artice that could be carried off. He -gave in}ot-mation to Sergeant Hew-, lett, ?M diviion, -whoziadeinquiries, and ascertained-thatthe prisoner was the person who had comi3nitted the robbery, The proeutor had purchsed the business of him.a short.- time previous, and he knew everg part of the premises. Sergeant Mewiett said hc WOoK the prisoner into custody onXrday morning, when he found his pockrets filed -with. tobacco and tea. On serching him he also found n padlock, aw large gimlet, and a piece of brass pipe, which -tho pros~ctor-identified as havnDg been stolen from his sbop with the other articles. '-- James Goody, -a lad-residing in tb;e neiglrbourbood, apiD. police-constable 137 1i&, both swore to seeing 1hre prisoner in, the prosecutor's shop a.t a quxrter to. S o@clock~-oni Frd.a morning, the 29th ult.; but, beieeving that lie sill twas'the proprietor of the shop, they -took no particnlax-noticehghim..The constable actually spoke to the prisoner -whIin we's packing ulp something, a7nd about- half -an hour afteiwards he heard tht the houee -had been broken. into and robbed. - - '- . . - - Mr. Solomon said his elient instruceted hinsto say ikat he s not near the house, wand ththate itnsew mat te-oinrtaken. den COe to , howevth , commitsedr hm for tniaL. .Qhe#usbbedishuge4;,infict fta'nnoneeag
UNIVERSITY BOAT RACE. 11 uvUrzytflL; race IS appointed to take place on Saturdaynext. Circuustances have necessarilyfcompelled the change of many of the rowers since the commencement of practice, but the following 'will form the rival Both parties are in training at Putney. They were out 3esterday,and their rowing was extremelyfine. The distance to be rowed is from Barker's rails, Mortlake, to Putney (off She Star and Garter). The Messrs. Searle have chartered two steamers for the convenience of a limnited number of the ,51ete The start is expected to take place before 11 in the morning. Dark blue, it will be remembered, is the Oxford colour.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Permit me to.correct a mistkein the report of my evidence in youri aper of this day.- I am reported to have said that I w a also suggest that in cases where the *alaries were under lOOt. a-year, the abatement for superrnnuation should be 2lper cent.," whereas I sated that, in my opinion, the State should bear the wbole charge for superannuating its worn-out servants, but that 2A per cent. sLould be levied for an insurance fund, for the benefit of. the famhes of those servants, from salaries above loot, a-year, inlieu of the 5 per cent.D now levied for superaiLnuation purposes-but thatpesons upon salaries under lOOl. a-year thOUij be eutirely exempt from all abatement. your obedient serv2nt.I --* x M,BR03Iuy. - March 12,
TIBE EDUCATION QUESTION. TO THE ED1TOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-As the question of national education is once more to be ventilated, and rival schemes are already bidding for popular favour, I take the liberty of addressing a few words to you on the subject, in the hope of inducing you to throw your weight into the scale of common sense and practical utility, and to endeavour to save us from the continual "tinkering' of men who have not tlhe courage even to attempt to grapple with the real difficulty. I have had a fair share of experience, and good opportunities for enabling me to form some judgment on the education question, as it bears on the two great classes into which our labouring population is divided. I have lived for some years in the heart of one of our chief manufacturing districts, and am now located in one purely agricultural In both I havebeen earnestly engaged in the work of education, and in frequent communication with the Committee of Council. I believe that, in giving the result of this experience, I am giving not my own merely, bat that also of the great bulk of my brethren, when l-say thae on the 'whole the worlkng of the present system is very satisfactory; that an immense worl has been done, in respect of supplying schools and masters; and thatifalittlemore elasticity were given it, to admit of accommodation to difficult and exceptional cases, it bids fair'withina reasonable time to do 11 that is 'wauting in these two respects. It is impossible to go through the country and seethe multitude of new schools built and in process of building, and supplied with really efficient teachers, and not admit that the machinery wlhich has produced all this must be effectual at least, if not perfect. I say that the problem how to procure schools and teachers has been solved sufficiently for all practical purposes ; but a much greater and more difficult problem remains behind -one which lessrs. Bright and Cobden and other itineraftng lecturers, who would fain assume to themselves the exclusive merit of advocating the education of the masses, have never even attempted to solve,-nay, any effectual solution of which, I have no doubt, will meet with their strenuous opposition. It is one which I cannot believe to have actually escaped the notice of all our education-mongers, though practically ignored by all; and the only other supposition is that it is the fear of encountering the opposition of that party that has deterred them from attempting its solution. In fact, most of the schemes that have hitherto appeared have looked marvellously as if they had leen concocted in Mr. Dickens's " Circumlocution Office," vhere their study was "how not to do it." The real problem now is, not how to get schools and teachers for the children, but how to get the children to the schools. It is quite clear that no scheme of borough or parochial rating, nor any other yet proposed, even touches this difficulty. It is idle to talk as if the want of schools were the root of the evil, when we see, wherever we go, excellent schools not half filled, and -when we turn to the reports of Her Majesty's inspectors, and fmd that the average time that children in our manufactauing districts spend at school is under a twelvemonth, that the great bulk of our labouring population leave school as soon as they have begun to learn, and that this state of things is growing steadily worse, instead of better, in the fice of the increased number and improved efficiency of -the schools. The fact is that so strong is the stimulus now administered to the moneymaking and money-loving propensities of our people, that the smallest gain that can be made out of a child is a sufficient inducement to the parents to make them withdraw it from schosL It may be supposed thatthe half-time system in the manufacturing districts would meet this difficulty; and so it does in a degree, but, from circumstances to which I shall advert again, it is in many instances almost nugatory. In the rural districts the case is. still worse. In my own parish, where we have a trained master, there are but three months in the year when there is any tolerable attendance' With the first opening of spring almost every child in -the parish is called away to the bean-dropping; that over, the schoolbegins to fill, when in afewweeks itisagaindrained, or nearly so, by the osier-peeling; -then come weeding, haymaking, harvest, and, finally, hop-picldng; so that till November comes round again we have no certain or regular body of scholars, and the main body have had time to forget nearly all they had learnt. Nothing can illustrate this better than the fact that in one school in this neighbourbourhood, with 140 on its books, there were but five children last year for 'whom the capitation grant could be claimed, and in another of 70 but tvo ' No increase in either the quantity or the quality of the education offered will in any degree meet this evil, which proceeds from want cf appetite, or rather from the greater appetite for money. With regard to the various proposed schemes for educational rates, permissive as they all must be, I am at a loss to conceive how any one with the least practical experience could imagine that such a system could work well, or be of any real use whatever. Take three cases which will nearly represent all the varieties likely to occur, and see how it will work :-First, in that, of a large manufacturing town, where Churchmen andDissenters are pretty evenly balanced. Under the present system each party may have their own school, receiving aid from the Committee of Council under Government inspection, and giving a fair substantial education. 'Under the rating system an internecine war instantly sets in to ascertain which party shall carry a rate, and apply it in aid of their own school (for Lord Granville's bill at least places no check on the management of the money in this respect), and the battle of church-rates is renewed under another and a much more exasperating form, or else both parties, by mutual consent, prefer peace, and leave matters just as they were. The second is that of a parish where there is perhaps a pretty general agreement of feeling, and the great majority are desirous of having one good school, and willing to subscribe to it. Under the present system they can subscribe, and receive aid from the Committee of Council as well. Would they be any better off for being allowed to rate themselves for the same purpose ? The third case is that of a parish where, as in one that I am acquainted with, the -main body of the farmers are actually opposed to schools, and passed a resolution in vestry to the effect that it was not desirable to have one! What effect would Lord Granville's permission to rate them selves have on these gentry? lVhile under the present system an active and liberal minority, with the clergyman at their head, might in a few months have a good and efficient school, in spite of their opposition. No, Sir; the only effectual remedy now, or at least the only one that can produce any speedy effect, is to make education in some shape and degree compulsory-a word which. I am well aware, stinks in the nostrils of Englishmen, and 'against which many of the greatest trumpeters of education 'willbetheiirsttoraise a clamour, just astheydid against theYactory Act. As to its being inconsistent with free institutions; it may be sufficient answer to say that in RepubEican Switzerland the State education is 'the most stringently compulsory of any in Burope. The point has been also very clearly and succinctly put (by 'whom I cannot at this moment remember) in this form-" Whoever has a rig'nt to hangr the man has az fortfoi a right to insist that the child shall be educated, with a view to preventing it." If the State have a right to do the one, it has a right to do the other. As the subject, however, is one beset by difficulties, and as a man who insists that a thing ought to be done maybe considered in some degree bound to show that it can be done, and how, I propose, withyour permission, to devote another letter to investicatinr this branch of the snbiect. A NOTTINGHAMSHIRE CEGYMAN.
THE YORK HOuSE OF CoRRECRtIo.-Joh1 Riley and Johul Lyons, two ticket-of-leave men, under sentence of penal servitude inthe York House of Correction, attempted their escapefromthatprison onSaturday last. Theycontrived to get out of the day-yard, behind the Governor's house, mounted the iron palisades which connect the wall with the prison, and, by means of a rope formed of handkerchiefs and a blanket, Lyons got upon the outer wall, throwing the rope,to 'which a piece of flagstone was attached, over the wl. Biley, in attempting to follow him, fell upon the chkeaztc-dc.-frisc, and thence to the groumd; he sustained a severe wound on his left leg, into which one of the iron spikes entered, and ruptured an artery, and he would probably have died from exhaustion but for the surgeon happning-tobeat hand, and in timc tosop the bleeding. Lyons was pursued by the Governior and his assistants and overtaken on the banks of the Ouse, near Bishopsthorpe. He plunged into the river and twice attempted to swim across at, but was compelled 'from exhaustion to -desist, and he then zeturned to the s'hore and surrendered himself to his puraners. There have been. several attempts to escape from tJ4e York Eouse of Correction. Iately, owing, it is believed, tQ the increased amount of taskwork required of the prisoners. It. is understood thlat the Gaol Committee have it in cohitefnp1latkns no try the separate svstem of confinement, as in operatiqn at 'iThkelield, Northallerton, and other rdfices.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~h
MBETING OF WICKELT OF ZEL1-E MEy. A meeting of tiOlft-of-leave men, convened by Ifr. X,. Myhew, the author of London Lebour and tht Londom' Pooi' was held at the National Hall, Holborn, last evening, with the view of affording to perSOns of this class who ater anxious toleada reformed life an opportunity of stating thee difficulties they have to encounterin their endeavours to obtain an honest livelihood. About 50 members of thebodR respondedtoMr.Mayhev'sinvitation, Themenweread. , on presenting their tickets of leave, and were eqnied on entrance to ll up the columns of a regazer, setting forth. their ages, their occupations, the -offences for which they were last convicted, their sentences, and the amount ot instruction they had severally received. From the information thus collected it appears that only three out of the 5 present were above the age of 40, the large mnajority ranging: between 18 and 35, the highest age of all being 68; that they, condsted of labourers, hawkers, costernongers, blacksmiths;, sboemakers carpenters and other handicraftsmen; that theirpreviouspunishments varied from two years to 14 year' transportation; andthatmore than one-half of themhadbeen. educated either atdayschools or Sunday schools. Suspecting: thatthe men would be nwuilling to attend if the police, preEented themselves either in the hall or at its entrance, 1e. Mayhew tookthe precaution to applybeforehand to theM£etropolitan Commissioners on the subject. The authoritiesm at once acceded -to the request thus made to them. and not. a solitary constable was permitted to overawe the meeting. 3f1r. MAY= opened the proceedings by explaining at. some length the object for whicl he had called them together He was anxious, he said, that the public should be made better acquainted than it Was -with the condition and the aspirations of ticket-of-leave men. He had hinself trusted and tried many of them in various waysY, and had never been wronged one fartbing by them, and hewished society to feel as strongly persuaded as he was that there was a latent spark of good left in everyone of them, however degraded, which only required developing to raise them to the position which ail must desire to see them fRlL Raving described the nature of the ticket-of-leave system, and eulogized its imtroduction, Mfr. ayhew proceededs1 to contend that it had worked most succ lly, inasmuch as statistical returns proved that only 5o per cent. of the total number of tickets of leave granted betwvcenptember; i85l3, ans i,embe i . 1855 (namely 4.6121 had been followred by relapses on the part of their recipients into their formaer courses; whereas the average proportion of re-commsittals within the united kingdom was 33 per cent, of the entire number of prisoners tried. Various obstacles, howtever, interposed to chneck the benefits that must otherwvise 'ow from the recent change Among these were the roving and unsettled habits of the men, which indisposed them for steady monotonous employment. To do anything effectual for their per ent amelioration, society must as far as possible wor,. in consonance with their nature, and not in opposition to it. In this respect street trading afforded a good outlet for their industry, requiring as it did no certificate of character from those who embarked in it, and all that they wanted was a little stock-money to start with. Theformationof a society vhich should advise and help them in the work of selfelevation was most desirable, and the establishment of street markets conducted under proper regulations, together with lodging houses and other adjuncts, would also be off essential service towards the same end. After some otherremarks Mr. Mayhew invited several of the men to ascend. the platform, and exoress their opinions asto the best mode in which their class miight be assisted. The first to answer this summons was a yonng man of neat and comparatively respectable appearance, who seemed to be known to the rest by the name of ';Peter." With great fluency and remarkable propriety of expression he proceeded to narnate his ow.n past career. Raving, he said, been transported for seven years he was sent to 3lbank Prison, where he was put to the tailoring business. Being fond of books, he was enabled while there to improve his previous edacation, and even began to " tackle " alg,ebra. After the lapse of 14 months he went to Portsmouth, where he wsemployed in wheel.- lag harrowvs from morning to night. DurLing the whole of his confinement his perpetual soure of ansiety -was what was to become of him when he shoulld be liberated. He aPplied for counsel and encouragement to the chaplain, but- that gentleman refused to do anything for him unless he became a communicant, a thing which he was obliged conscientiouslyto decline. He succeeded better withl the second clergyman of the prison, who wias a man. of more liberal ideas than his predecessor; and he frequently expressed to him his fears that no other resource was open to hrm, on regaining his liberty, but to return to London, where he had been firsttransported, and that, being a markied man and well 3nown to the police, and having no character to offer as a security to any employer, he wouald. never find work, but must go back to thieving to save him. self from starvation. (App-nuse.) When released he had 61. 12s. in his pocket, and w hen he got to Sou thampton the officer of the penal establishment, in whose company he was, kindly offered him a drop of bran dy. Heetook a little, vwhich, as he had not tasted spirits for four years before, immediately got into his head, so that- with the help of a glass or two more afterwards he became quite intoxicated, and spent all his mnoney the same night, and not only so, buthegot locked up into the bargain. (laughter.) At least, if he did not spend it all himself, somebody else assisted him to spend it. (Beneweddlaughter.).)rArriving London without a farthing, and without a friend in the world, with no prospect of employment, and with no one, if he wanted a meal, to say, "Hlere it- is for you," wha1 was a man to do? Before hee oduld bring himself to thieve he Walked the streets in a vain search. for w ork for three mont-ha, until he wore out two pairof shoes, and grew emaciated from havng nothing better toe at than a bit of bread and a heing. In tis despe. rate state of things hc met with his old associates, and for s period of two months he did very well as far as money went, for he made 5L or 61. a-week This, however, was earnedhby practices which he sincerely disliked; but then, if thepubliewouldnot allow him to make 1L by honester means, what was a man to do? This course, as might have been eznect-ed, soon ledte his apprehension, and he was sentenced to another 12 months' imprisonment, wlhich expired only last Monday. Heanng that this meeting was to be held, he had eagerly attended it, in the hope that it would result in some permanent benefit to him and thase like him, wvho were struggling, amid the greatest difficulties and severest ersecution to becomne honest members of society. (Hear, hear.) KnocLed about by the police on every side, and coldly received by the public, he was at that moment in a condition in which he did not know where to get his next meal without stealingit; but if the encourage. ment held out to his oppressed class by the benevolent gentlemen who had come forwardl that evening in their behalf was only realized, from that time forvward he was determined not again to put his hand to any dishonest action. (Cheers.) The next speaker was a costermonger of about 25 years of age and rather diminutive stature, who said that, having been left an orphan -when only 10Oyears old, he took to selling oranges about the streets to get a living; but after spending a year or so in that way e fell into the society of a few Westminster boys, with whom he went a-thieving, until he got seven years' transportation at Newgate. Three years and seven months of his sentence were passed at the sleof Wight, adlmnha more at Portsmouth. He was pressedto take the Sacrament while in prison, but not liking to play the hypocrite he refused. WVhen released he returned to London and traded for two or three weeks in hareskmns and rabbitskins. 'While passing through Tothill-street, Westminster, one day two policemen came np to him and wanted to search his sack, which was full of sdins, because they said he was a ticket-of-leave man, and suspected that he had something not come honestly by. Rather than allow them to look into his sack; he w ent to the police-court in their custody, and insisted on seeing the magistrate. Before he could sav a word to his worshin about the treatment-he had received, the inspector spoke first called. him a " ticlket-of-leave," and stated that he had been very -iolent and saucy. Instead of listening, under such circumstances, to whEat he had to say for himself, the magis-. trate also burst out, "Oh, you are an insolent fellow and a. disgrace to society-if the Secretary of State knew of yourdoings he would banish you ;" and, as his worship also mut£ teredsomethin= about sending him to "qnod" for contempt. of Court, he thought it best to "hook it." (Laughter.) Raving learnt something of shoemaking while at the Isle, of Wight, although not enough to enable him to get. a living, he next tried to get work in that line at 2\orth- anipton, but, having no tools, he failed. He then went;on to Derby in a state bordering on stsrvation, and he obtainedaninterview with a magistrate in that town, whom he asked to assist him in getting back to London. This gentleman would scaredy beieve his tale and thought hin a returned convict. Another person at Derby, of whom he had before this begged alms, gave himlIs. At length he reached London in a most miserable state, and by the hdp of his cousin he got into the market again He then did bettec and last Christmas 12-mont-hs he got married. His trade had been very low for the last six weeks, and. he just managed to "crackacrnst but-please God he wonuld never go back again to thieving. (Cheers.) Re was not much of a talker;tand therefore he would only add that he hoped the kind gentlemen who had ken up their cause would continue to exert -themselves until something satisfactorywas done to give fair playtothe ill ased ticket-of-leave men.. (Applause.) A stonemason next addressed the assemblage, bearing similar testimony to the hardships endured byhis class. He-was not, however, so ill off as those who preceded him, assince his liberation he had obtained employment at his= trade, and was now earning a comfortable livelihood. Atthe same time, he had been anxious to be present to'6how hissympathy for the body of men to whom he belonged, maanyindividual members of which he knew to be at this moment. ground down by the heaviest distress. An elderly man, who described himself as a dock-labourer, next recited his tale of misery. He had been, he said, convicted of robbery at the Old Bailey, and sentenced to 1-i years' transportation, although entirely innooent. Re had been sent to Mlbank, to Woolwich, and to Gibraltar, and at the latter place was subjected to the harshest treatment. Flogging went on there from before daylight till late atnight. 21. lOs. out of the sm of 41. 14s. 6d. allowed. him on leavig Gibraltar was stopped to pay his passage home. ehadwork-edfor15 or 1 months at the docks,. hut he was now out of worl;, and did not know how to geta living. No man in London had seen more trouble thanm he had. The next speaker, a blacksmith, afflicted with lameness, then narrated his experience, bitterly inveighing against bratalities which, he alleged, were pracs't at the Dartmoor Penal Establishment, where, he added, the rankling sense of injustice rendered the reformation of the inmates. inipossible. Mr. 1LAYsEw closed the proceedings bv informing the men that he would endeavourto form aconminittee of philanthropic gentlemen with the view of establishing a society and raising a fund for their encouragement. At the sametimie, lie impressed on them the necessity of their exerting: themselves m their own behalf, and showng to the world.. by their good behaviour tbat the efforts made by others to. serve them would not be wholly thrown away. This singular meeting which was of the mnst orderlycharacter, then quietly dispersed.
SAILES BY AUCTION. 30, Makcr.esteeb.-EligibIe Howie, with spcosDaMingRooms, &C., the late residence of John GColdie, Cs., decasd ELGOOD is instracted to SELL, at the MWrart, To-morrow. at 12. (or to let or sell the same immediately by linvato treaty,) the HOUSE and PREIMISS, advantaecosy stute n he as slde f ake-sree,baying a frontage of 26 fee bya dpthof 3, ncldin stble. Tebouse has a atone staircas ad abek itt, nd hefist lor I lftaud spacious, the bUck roo haingbee enargd. he remsesare part of the Portman *Valuable ProPerty for InTefftMent, Broo k-street, GrogTveor-squage, proucig ane zetalof 23 per annum, for 26 yea-s. R.ELGOOD is instructed by the Executors of Colonel Vans Agnew, C.B,. deo e.to SELL,, at the Mart, lo-morrow, at 12 a valuable LEASEHOLD ESTATEA oomprigngtbne rcosadfashonable town reidence, No. 32, Lower Brook-street, o t.adlooking into Grosvenor-square, with a orio entrance, back premises and stabling in the adjoining street, held rotf the Marouls of Westminster for 26 years at a,ground rent of £2e0, and lettoLy Borough for the whole term ata net rent ofY£S5per annum. Prited particulars to he had at tle Mart; of Rt. Saywrel, EsQ., solicitor, Ternipe.iambrs Eleet-street;- anedof Mfr. Elgood, 98, Wimupole-street, Elgible Investment,-£05 per annum for 35 years: St. Marylebone, MR. ELGOOD will SELL, at t'he M1art, To-mor- roMw, at 12, by order of the Executors (imlesspreviooaly disposed of) a NET R&ENAL of about £105 per annum, derived from an excellent residence and stables, 22, Nottinghiam-place the second hens, from the New-road, York-gate, erV-ak;,with acheerful east aspec, stoe starcase he. eld of teD ke of Portland for 35 yas atagroudrento14 guineas, and let for 7, 14, or 2lyears at LEapr4 annu-m. Prine jartleulars at the Mart ; of Mewss. Blake and T-yle,r 14, Essex-street, lStrand: and of Mr. Elgood, 98, Wimpole-street. Feremaptory Sale.-Elyde-park-The handsome and eligible Residence of John Fullarton, Eaq., deceased 12. Hyde-park-street. lIr .ELGOOD is instructed to SELL, at the Mart, ILL T-morrow, at 12 (unles previouEly sold by private conktract,) the capital bow-frontedhBIEIDE'CPA arranged for a moderate-sired family of thte first respectability, fashionably and centrally situate, close to, and directly between, the park and sqare baving the aidditionl sory thee ae eghtbed oom an a dessng ioom with good and hre-stll tabe, Hld iret o th Riho of Londonl's estate fornealy 0 yars a a ow roud rnt f25, the annual value Furniture and Effects, 18, Green-street, Grosvenor-square. lrR. ELGO0OD will SELL, on Wednesday next, at ALL12 (the tenancy exprig), the HOUISEaOID FURIiIuRE, inco:uding a winged wardr%obe and the usual chamber appendages, sets of drawiug anddiiningroomn window curtains, chairs, sofas, &c., rosewrood tables, teapoy andeablnet, glasses and ornaments, pictures,carpets, fenders and lire-irons, se of dining tables, pedestal sideboardr. easy chais lamps, crockery, and kitchen requisites. May be viewed o.e day prior, and catalogues had of Mr. Elgood, 98. Wimpolo-etreet. A further Forlion of tne Stock of Messr. AckeriAnsn and Co., of the Strand, sold, in conse~quec of a dissolution of partneiship.-B eo0UTXA-iy1 ann .15 nisn.rir at tneir isoomns, ,roc-re, THISDAY March 13 and To-morrow, atl2forlI, QTATIO1WERY and FancyAtils consisting of K-J papers, envelopes, accunt-books, morocco and nussia Pocket-books and card-ceases, many hundred gress of steel pens, scrp books, albums, modern and juvenile booUs, plain and coloured engravings, and an imsmense variety of other items appertaning to the trae. Srood adMaidsno IvR, Bucks, one mil frY,Jthe onnle Station. ±nJsm fero the Phropieor t3odSlLd byeAUtIO, a theil Frmarms To- morrow,hat r, Tab orout.10 capialEL TIby order ,sm of lr Toars growth, ling consthne farm in'he sopeveral ocupationstofMrct, mih ofSHrEddinh-geen and hi. Wlieathe Deyao PaStonaekam.nisteg Buks and1 clx orsesto excllnt roads.ul Cataongueohd wof th actoneer,o mses,ra ceart,tmer church, wiodandr baene, sigh spingeafro caitdatna trace harness, good fallow plough, 20 fancy fowls, afewarticle3of honsehold furniture, andnumerous othereffects To beviewed ontike day of sale, _ale to commencee at I 'clock to the minute, Maortlake.-Notice o Soleof valuable Freehold Building Land,in suit- able allotmnents, with go frontag,near the Station, and abuttirg on the Richmond andow 'Windsor Raiway; also excellent old-established Copyhold ironmonger's Business Premises, situate in the High-street. 3EIR PIGGOTT will offer the above by AUCTION, t1. the end of April, unless an acceptable offer be made ty prvte cotract Previously-Auction and estate offies, George-street, No, 1, Whitehail-ysrd.--Funiiture and Effecte of the late T. W. Phillna Fan MESSRS. BRLOOS hB L,y order of the W Executors -Wil SE yACINo tePeie,TI DAY, the 11th of March,at1o'lc,t PfsT Gd drw ing, Oriental and French cia ueosatce fvr,bss marble pedestals, photographcm hierie nfoigpe,alte household furmiture of dnn n rwn om,nmru e rooms, nearly newcarpets,chme-lse,h,anm yueflim, May be viewed by orderon te1t ac,adpbil n1t n mnornings of sale, and eatalonhaofteaciers20Pcail. Modern Furnitur, Stock of a Grocer, 5 cwt. of Type,_ a Colarrbu,n Press, an Albion ditto, Racksz and Chases, smail Stok of Tools, sad Effects, M R. ROBERT REID wil SELL, at his RoornL* _ _Great Marlborough-street, on Monday March 17, at U for 1 mnodern FURNITURE, comprising a rosewooddrwing;room suitein. pren dmas, le, ard ocasinal an otertables, cabirnets,liumney andpie clsss, ideoars,set ofdinngtablms Brussels and other carpts,Araian nd renbbedteas, ithhanlgings, bedding, ward- lognes had.~ ~ ~~~~tbescb~~ la- No. 20, Chapel-street, Grosvenor-square, DONALDSON has received instructions to MS-ELL by AUCTIOIN, on the Premises THIS DAY March 1it, at 12 for 1 iprecisely,the HOUSEHOLD FURNIITURE and !sFrEarS, comprising drawing room chairs and sofa, rosewoDd loa, card, andothor tables, cheffonier, chimney and pier glasses &c., mahogn dining roomn chairs dining tables sideboard, window curtains,=Busls and othercarpes.Spanaish mahogany four-pot andotherWbedteada,feather beds and beding, malin cheasW of drawers, wardrobe, miarble-top andotherwaslhstandsa tables, dressing glasses, &a., kitchen requisites, Tobheviewed thedaTipriorand morningofsale,whencatalogucs may be had ox the jpremsss; and at Mrv. Donadson's auctionand etate ag-eny office, 12, Curron-street, Mayfair. Sloane-street, Chelsea D.ALILAN will SELL by AUCTION, at his Roms, 157, Sloans-street, THIS DAY, larch 13, at 12 for I an asemblageof modern and genteel HOUSEHOLD FUILNITURj~ and EFECTS compisin dining drawing, and bed room appointmaents, choice anin prints, china, glass, andomanrental itemos, lendid winged adother wardrobes with- glass doors, chests of toilet, cheval, and chimniey glasses console table with splendid l5,'is ar'ss,grouluita i velvet, loo. card, and other tables, tic es,~~-__e lsasrs M ,gr N K-fUondosnds and- firemay badat then t rooms.ui ter Catalogues Notting-hilL.-17, LIadbrokVilsI rheoa-HmhldF- niture, Pianofort,vlal2fpo h-ol insilx as,Bos ae,ate, Lineni,wieanEfct f1Jr. GRAHMwl ELbY. AUCTION on the JYPremises, ona enedy Marh 19, at I Precisely, all tue modema FUItNITUR1E; comprising Aain four-post,- and other bedsteads, and excellent beddinog, marble-top washestands, wardrobe, chests of dea er, cevl ad tile gasss, rawngroom suite in rosewood, chineyglase ingil frme, smi-ottgePianoforte, mnaogany MdmFurniture, Console and Chimney Glasses, loe Wae, fnae Prints, includitng the Waterloo Banquet, Bolton Abbey, the Hawkidng Pry and others, Paintings &c. rPOPIS,SON, and EHARDING will SELL by attheirRooms, 16. St. Paul's churchyard, THIS Tof ThemWaerlorcBanquts, Coaltaen bby theolvgtsawkng Pat,thers Astoi?~ Hertsa-Important Sae of TXimber.-By Messrs. REtE and SON, on Wednesday. Mareh 19, at 11, I1XTY fine Oak Timber Trees, with their lop, top kJ'and barlcq 150 large elm trees. 20 very superior ashtrees, 60 asY and other saplings, cherry and poplar trees. The oak trees arenmarked with white paint ; t-he rest of the timber is felled, and lying near to good hardrosds, On the Aston Estate, whore it may be viewed any time previous to the sale by applying to Joseph Overbill the woodman. The compny re equetedto eet he uctoneers at the Boot publichoue, sto. Atonis itute nlyfiv miesfrom the Stevenage Statio ontheGret Nrthrn ineof ailay,and eight miles from the War an Hetfod Satonson he astrnCounties Railway. Catalognsma bead a th usal ins;and ofMsmsrs Ree and Son, suc- The Upper Part of 167, New Bond-street.-Well-made Furnitur and Effects. under a bill of sale and execution. 1JFR..GEO. ROBINSON will SELL, on the Pre- IL rassa above, THISDAY, 13th March, at 1.2 o'clock-, the FFURNITURE, which comPrises handsome mahogany four-post and Frenchbedatansardbedding, awingedwardrob-,.warbstands, dresti tables and glasses,alhandsome carved oak calry cabinet, rosewj drawing rOOM suite, leo, card, and rora tables, chiinoeylglases curtains, carpets, chairs, conuches, sand easy chairs, a 6k-octave grand Pian?ofortetby Broadwood and Sns, 250 or. of useful plate, a set of capital Plate dish covers, 100 vols, of books, Pictures, miniatures, and Ornamental items, bracket clock, dining room furniture, pefdestal sideboard, Aset of 12 chairs, aset of telescope dining tables 5Sft. byS ft,, china and glass, kitchenx requisites, and sundry miscellaneous iytems, MaIY be viewed the day prior, and catalogues had on the premises, and at Mbr. G1. Robinsones ofllces, 21, Old Broad-street, No.76 H iton-t&vace St. John'e-woed.-Excellent Furuiturce Plan Wine Books ovk, ofT.RH.Clarke, Fsq deceased MR. REELING- is instructed by th Eenosto Blelmiefrwax liguhtsFrprmpoySl, wigdbyfner kotder cofttae Prprianoorte in maognycae,by 9tad ootnd ouns,adoter abntaril. a etoftlecoeiin tbls gsideoard encrifytoire bokae, as 6- ±vL aructeto sumit to PUblicCOMy'j'j on the Premis, l. BeBborouhstet Belgrve-road, On Wednesday, March 28 alt'l for 1,irmmEdtelyPrecedig the sae of the fuinnture, the GR6UND TLEAS Of this comfortable and gentlemanly RESIDL EN, which to be appreciated must be inspected, whlen it wil be found pecuitarly adaPt-ed toany gentleman who either fendof sPortingorhavingapenchantfor country life, is cempeled by the nature of his engagements to reside in Lndon. The house isfitted Pihvryo arrangement forcemfertandlcenviences, while thestabling and out-buildings are Pecr tlumiqueforoantown residence.Theycompnsaweil,ventua- four-stall stable, with loose box,larg coach-house with groom's rooms and loftseover, aviaries kenneling for several brace of do cwrb he ose, Piggeriea, duck pend, large paved yards, kIdenet garden and Parterre, Tle'entire arrangemient has beennmade under the im3medliatepsperintendence of apraeCtial gentleman who hasspared no expnsein renderingthe entire establishment a6perfect model, and well derig the inspection of any gentleman. The house uwa erected by theoIate Mtr. Thomas C-ubitt, and in all its fittings,nappolntments, ana arrangements well ustainEs2 his eutation. Thelease has about50 years unexpired, and thel~roxnd rent is ver smalL. The premises may be viewed, and particulars, with conditions of sale, obtained at the residance ; of Messrs. Baker and Parsons, solidcitos 4, Pancras-lane, city; and at theiauction offlces, in Warwick-court, Gray's-mnn, laved Ctoc-ll Hamipstead-Costly maodern Furniture, a Powerfultoe otg I'anoforte in an elegant Carved Walnut Care, Drawing Rooum Siein ditto covered in rich Velvet, large Glasses, CoDnsoles and GirandoIes, Paintings, Proof prints BronzeA India Jars, IDresden Ornamnents, Or-maoelo Clocks, Deed~ Cest, Carriage, Double [Harn dr,aan7vlale Efrects. p receive lnlrsto s beg to announce they have .k rceivA iStratios frm agentleman giving up his residence to SELLb AUCTIOIg, on the Premises Mian-parh,villaa. Hayerstock-hil To-morrow, March 14~ at 11 foMapeiteland breoul I mybemenioed--an elegant DItAWlIG ROW~ SUITE in walnut I cveed n elvt,occasional card, centre, and fancy ta'bles, commodes, .Atted with statuary marble and silvered plate-glass consoles and girandoles, rich pile-cut carpets. bronzes, and many drawing-rooma nic-nacz[the boudoir is prettily furnished in solid rosewood covered in figure satn, with a piocolo piazoof the like wood; the dining room, ibrary, "ndstudy are fumaished in fine Spaish miabi 2 ncluding sets of chairs in' Tmorecco, with Ind ditto, dining ttaLles on massive legs and exte-uding franmes sidebo ..d sarcophau n ag library hoo.uccaweandtable, &c- - theprindlM - ro .omnob!cw - and cornice-,'op bedsteads with damask =aAi p- ed horsehair ard wool mattreses clean bdusebl = = = with silvered gi.isin centre, mabletep ss Lo step, hdets cspe,,s, urtans,fendrs, chais patent closiet, bed- adIrons, tepr-ther with all the useui ffctsof w~lifualssd esdene;algso a hht driving he and on the pressiseete ltpmsou - talg Periodica Esal festablished'i In 143, -appoiated to take plee the firit Thur,adaylau every-montb, of Abuolute and Contingent Rversiong to Funded anid otePo Irfe InterestsAunusitiet, Tolicele&of Arsurace Adv(wow s =et resentationa, Manorial Rights, Rout Chargeg In Lieui of Tithes, Post Obit Bonds, Tont4nes, Deb.eJt.,M Impjroved Rents, Share In Docks, Canals, Mines, Railway, sure Companies, IMai oIlie publict =idstakings, for the peeset begs b to announcoe that his PERIO- DICALSALES(etablished in i843 for the disposal of every asl ofthe above-mentioned PROP TY, take place on the S. in eachrnontis throughout the preacnt M, atiindei J&nUas73 May! tmber4 Februr I Jun I Octobr 2 169LL haab5en in4uced b sales Nomte ibcre6 n demand for the transfer of pMpqt-of thisade frpom the incue ofn WhiCh as A Means Of investment is Biy beoigbte appecited, a6ndfrom his experienoeeof theheavy drawbacks and great( difiutyzto which it has been exposed in the ordinary cours of sale, and the experience of the last 12 years has proyed the above plan to be equally advantageoustovendor and purchsaers, the classilication or numeroug lots recderingibemanisof publicity raore effectual andlemasepensive to the vendor, and simplifying thW transfer to the purbaser. Notices of aien ntded to be effected by the abore mneans should be forwarded to Mr. Marsh At leaat a fertnigbt antecedent to the above dates, in order that they may have the fall benlefit of publicity. The parti. colars and oconditions of sale for the ensuing year may be obtained wevendays ~to eawh daY of sale at the Mart, aLnd at Mr. Marsh's lotte-row, MaIin-aou.souu;or wfil hforwaded free n application. Mornington-terrace, Hampstead-road. 1R. MIARSH begs to announce, th-t- t-h-e LE A SE. ENOB 3 Mornington-terraoe, Hampsteadroad, dvertsed t besold y auction, at the Mfart, This Day, is DISPOSED OF by private contract. WMisey and Manuningtree,nth cont -f Asx-Very valuable Freehold Corm Warehouses, spacious Wharf, Dwelling-houses and Shops, Przivate House, and Cottaeel,-For peremptory Sale, by direotion of the Mortgagees. IMR.jt MARH is instructed to SELL by AUCTION~, th .at THIS 1)AY. March 13, at 12, in several lotz, the following impiortAnt FREEHOLD ESTATE.S, via. :-At Mdistley, .a very substantially erected pile of warehouses of live floors (capable of holding 6,000Drarters of grain and 1,500 tons of coals), having a front. aeoabu 0fee,adcmunctoswt the two uppe floors witthehig rod, ndromthelowr oesto the qua; adjoining is anohe stckof or waehuss, rik ad imbr uit, of four floors (capbleof ousig aout1600quater), asoaoalstore and sail loft; a spcios qay,withwhaf ad dck,havig afrotag tothe river andblokmaec' shp'thewarhoues recloe t a tatonon the Harrih ranh f heEaser UionRalwy,and a tramway communiainwith terailway might be easily formed, In the town of Manwingtree are four newly-erected dwelling-houses (three with shps opposite the Wheny Inn, in the High-street a private residence, vZnthl stbig nterSear I w th ihsreetve aoinsrcionsgteoe andL Crwy in theUccpTION of tr. May;, aM brik Yil Macttage at th1bc, ovetr.; ford-row; ION at the Mart; , th TllEaS of Mr Marsh, 23, Caltternowelo, M ts,nhne. capta_L___LDHoUA__thcomedin_bs Lesrll UTIONB mtat te Mart1, CutnIStreet, Ma~rch1e,rotd, PiIn h tarisingboute ofrn ampl secure ousne13 hossi tntrequue, Ford rad. Bo, Middesex, orminga ver s pafean elgble anvet ment viwda sdPrticular,wt odtos ofsl,mybobtainedlo f.recc 3 Tat he beooksreet, Peno-stsOD; enofnGvJiSaw e- . of Mntaue lonisa, sO.. atothe cfitor , Coea-tetiy nd at Mr. Marsh' offices, 2, Charlotte-rw ani-bue row, ~ ~ ~ daAnsionsrnzeonuaent JR. MAR-SH. hlas received instructions from SELs. .Lby ns.TIONe, atuth Mar.TiIStah D& Mar~cth 1, at I2 Olean prmises, sictuate N. , CHirtor -sceel Degae-od Atimre with ~ poss qesso welaa Chadede for a biedape and cesMoarberfurns ofthre w narehouse,sor anhiethe business requirin,clg pare uoltfog a u1sinexpire term lr, ev of 19yarrm hitma, 18cur5, atla oeate aent. Mye viw ted adprt culars obtficed jokf gMb.sPegiacok1,Ta brokstree,Pmlc. of GLOCK whawl Ese L , Triasin at their-ra M Roo)Und t M. MarshE'offies,, ToCharlterow, Mah nsionS-house. -q A aeoronsewOramen is,ts.e,cuerms j'p MARSH lana reeivedlnsrucltios fieromlan -esars M- eroyen a Truple (tdCo. of Staahrn'-or.nd othrgn,t charges),d a unCA tue of s m CdhaBRnZeleIo SRafe,T inoCluding 10egw us5t-man figues, thEeig pair of x caseson rand elinto SaSRndc Saogc oBtaLLedCa th Mrt ofSELL, Bttenn geattn Pal, oliitrs S21elan n atg Mobr.,o Matrshs ayce, 2t , har dsottero Ol nd odem O Pitres, Histrica Porrawingrs, h aFlrndin Altar-i piec, Aittiue las Chadeler ra alloom, and iarbueere Satud of he nfat Cris, ciely ithut esee,toclrpetf gaccouns, mg MESSRS. BWLLOCk 'arildiSELL,dat their gecu sevral coflaletions,nincludng Reliin BEnus by EtrtyO, at t; Oaller portra esdof Lisx 19th. Si12fr H.Dv, to.;a PARan Lfand tRIrA, and0ther ofAR considrabe Freriold Tof beulewed and cats-y Fasionabe,aiga aneweley Servicen ofd Plaite,n ithres olde Chns andfo t effDtects the Middeserxo and ourcer Paoiningahs rgmabent, d OfMSSrS. B Bulo slciors will StoaELu-. adat thei ueat t Bioegoffoes, 211, High Holborn. omro,1 aSl 1 of modem SIEriPdge,hie cbomprtin Reespoons t an forks, brakfas abelege cake Imrvbaset acophased roseaerdish, tureben, carut, oframes thndviesisg w boriluiatawn denaporeo beaceets,fe brSatringes, facin the riery `ePu navripble (tor goved,lso large bore,enairland therh Househod Furniure, Ga Chaneler IrontSafe, twoly np Co fig ores, 25Famd nde EnrvnWI ndsxcsso Rrandy commeSrcia. BU LLOCK will SE&B LL,at theutir great~ ,LVJ1ooms 211 Hig Heolb a 1or, onStra,at1,hnsm moden HUSEHlRevFeCTs;o daingfe room chairseand sOfa ine velvt ad sik, able, w ageno6s,,torers bckboult maryuelderlean plan bints,Bruselveve pile,r zandlTurke carpet nd glase,dinink tabls 17t. b 3 f. d,and maler oak and mahognychairs inSot moroccon-"d ndisquretpano ieforthes bo tokss bofarderoomesand brry abls, lirar staircase, FargelincheasedAab bhedestaeads and beddng,chealad tile glases mable thbes and washtandswhand general ftrect,n requitsbitges,uMyperviewed ande _ catalo es hoad to morrow. (utoz Colr n( ffcs Share in the Freehold, of uli,amiansPtaaey KnhtBridge, T, 3OIDW, E5Rr5l. BULLt OIOKp are direted b the spromdern ecUR-1 TURA tomrisoina getean,dene mbased torEaLbyn FreIn, atd other Mestart, eonlWedntesdayneg, mathogatny four fee wardrobe, PlRT of a ORIGINA wa0ithn SAto inet thbe, Frehod ofsss rosewmoad Chuies touhes cutisy ofir MIoadde cand SIwurrey. Particulars mayh bemad, beofpers outeon,solictors,handomreThampetonsqare ad tthac boners. offices 2di,iHightbese Hiof1surn. rcar, f eeWsd thriIngborughtow andseaortof nisbob, t. ete's, acngee London, on Wednesdayoninextf atle, for 1, Pianofupier, agntimn aged 6Artoabick-builtoc aopyoldlsi nence wIt larg o-nahryrofa two fsaov.or,tblnWensa,vhg, adn, addoc attche, cntanin alogeheroneacranwhalc, sitcuates oSuthelt Brilink, atethe corne abolthte roadlote Eser outes lla R.bteett abmortae ureismThron,morrow t, tarhe14 int2recsteiy,witi is guranted by he teant harlfe. arnt d cSlars and plands m beShad attEVpRincIpaL Dn atynd, HaRmoth hasbeh anrNoewihedo Mestrutos. Scott SaEoLbn AUCINdo thaw 11Lncon's-s in-Llod's sorlicitors; andt of Mesr. ullckW11,bHidg-Thamefbalto on. Tuesda, Marh 1 QuatoIrnecisloc, abot10bok nd effects. o MIAR.BLEO cmisngOsauL ryDvm.TS-cilinblaSEL byd Aold,o-e and .pLTsIre, on th remies,t8 Wmorailiam-stroeet quightsbyg. Tayb morrw,d oarh14 at!peos 'coc prcisaogely,do the sueiremodern FandTf the actomperis, ng handsomentmahogat Arabian, FEnch,ande Other bproedsteads, exaet beddiang,s frmaprhoanyfors feete wadoe,hso Orwes,owashuarermtands .t-Ette t tabls,hand glsss,rostewond chars,g cou hes,eas car,serve and card tabesidne7,wingesleonarer, wiomthoma. board, stof Wdinestg tables9, seto 12 fueror I uchairs, ethfe backs andth handsomhe cfacs,piofnmarbl vases,UI ronmpeiand drmuucawindgroom 'mdtowi cutains, fedes frTe-ironse, china, riaom, adculinary artics nd neffets. Mayth beB viewead. otnedapr itemsoruing ofc' sale, andi ca logus hdon he remies;and t ~opianoforthe acioneer, 3, Pordnt-strle, Lewigrave-square;and52,oelrae-rnod,m iim gco, PiaW, cnof tort, Chbinaelas PlatedfArtice, Cldockhan Effects. MESRSE. G6ULDESWTH wll JA]NLL by AELLO N,AT~- onhePrmies asboe,onedeaay March19, ai capital modertFfpURtITURE of a gentlemans residence: including Mahogany four-Poet and Arabian bedsteads, winged and other wardrobes, chests of drawers, miarble-top washstand, toilet tables and glasses, drawing, dinig room, and library curaisin mermo damask, sets Of mahogany chairs, sofa and couch, centre and occasional tables, a Ca-octave cabnoet pion-anofrt byaroitue, aqhandsom setwf, inforeet nho- cae,er chimney-gasses, anearlyenew, rusefls carpetsn, menahoan hallt chais, abe,auhaatNd,bAskeandtchencocS, willnaySEnLLsbv aMen' knCIfemahNe, and otheruseful prfoprd-ty.eto, viewed the Pn oftheon auctioners,averow, eetsre, and 19,o Change-talley,e aialscndhn CaptahnodRN DEcdhn FQuriature nequa topisn anew Pieanorte rofe wood drawing room suite covered in gren satin, several other suites in walnut-tree and rosewood, tales of every form, including a buhlcentra table and apair of card ditto, chmney glasses of noble and moderate dimnensions, a 6-I tare semi-cottage pionforte by Allison and Allison, Denstet oo, grand cottage, piccolo, and cabinet ditto, byBroadwoods and other eminent mnakers, cheffoniers, to., pedestal and enclosed sideboards, sets of dining tables, chairs, couches, and easy chairs,nOblewinged and other bDoohsases, an organ, the bedroom furn3iture in. birch and mahogany, of the usual description, a fire-proof sdaf with Chubbis locks and keys, china, glass, the domestiorequlsites6 and innumerable effects. May be viewed and catalogues had. fIn'anrPtr~Y: NOrthamptonshire-Iznpartant Freehold Estate, abondigiIrostoe, on which arestabi8ahed the Bugbrooke Ironstoe Wrks si-~rtenear the Weedon Station, withx tramway and sidin on he Lndonand North Weatesi Railway. -. -- ]~AESRS. LEWSand WALLi are directedI by the .J-A- ssgnes f M.W. Elsam to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mas, T-morow Mach14, at 12. the valuable FREEHOLD PROPERTymown s theDirt House Eta zie~tuate at Bugbrooke, comnpriagaoot4~ares,with resldencean&, -buildings yards forcoa], adltbenumserous bulldingsnecessaryforecarryig~on anetenivera,e tgeterwithbrlckfteldshavinganaltmostunimited suppy ofhebst 6ickearth, brick and tlo kilns, sheds and other suitabierectons,The ontiguityvof the property to the railway withits iron tawyand sidnl the high road to the north, and the Grand Junction anlgive toib estate peculiar facitlets forboth landl anidwater cardiV -dits immediate vicjuity to theWeedon army elething depot, bevrycnsdral elrgd ecures to this property ESRS . BROVN and T.A. ROBE,RTs will SlLbyAUCTIOIN,attbeMArt, on Wednesday. Marehl19 ati 32. by order of the Adminhstratrix, abrick-builtDWELING-UOUSK situlate No 20. 'VThite Conduit-street, let tolMr. RJonea atAMS,, be viewed, and printed psrticularshadof Mfessrs Bndger an&I 3o-i Roberts, 22, Tltrogmnorton-Etreet. MESSRS. H.RO Nid T. A.ROBERTS wil LLL ELL y AUTION at he Mrt WonWdneoday, March 19 a stee; ndofMes,II Iown and T. A. Robrt ER2,TSro winotn Pecbsm-StLA= ll ouesrln Basing-rad. r-hd SSRSIAH.. BOWN and T. A.. ROBERTS wvfll SELbY AUCTION, at the Slasrt. on Wednewday. March 19. at 12o'clOClr.in One lot, SX bDUPCkbit HOUSTE, ben iNa 19tb2 n dweluivg-Yorkterae, Bmwna Ebeneze Houekh, sitat i eye-laneouseto weeky teantsat rnts monning.o £8 aleo annm ndwlield1 Dor abet 9 yers,at grundren of£15perannum.LMaybed viewedof and rined prtiulas ha ofMesrs. rirgerand Cplins,edolcitors 7,Kig Wllam-tret;an ofMesrs H Brwnand T. A. Roberts,2, 1wfEI;SRSR.BR Nan T. A. ROBERTS wil I .SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday MUarch 19. at 12.ocok in one lot, b copc SAT;rm" a rc-ul dwelling-Hoe,kOwnE asbned e HOuse situate in Welsheti ng-aouy lppsne, P hekim Theolar garenminay thekreyr nls th dwellaiong-our withrsal Ghoopbl, afnd thre Larickn and timber a~ll cottgs wtithkforeCouttgs andgareg,nos in therer At Oopertiaon,let to Messs evlylenand& CoThre whoremaider fnoccupid. Heldeforn unexpired,a tI er m of abu e~fe frn.May be viewed, and prinnted parti-lr a o em rile n 7.CD1n,oleman-treet aind ofliesrs.fet o eg H. Brown adT .Rbrs 2 iLdThroAmoRon-erets,2. hoioro et ME SSRS. H. BROWN And T. A. ROBERTS wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Mar't, on Wednesday. March 19. at 12. in one lot, by order of the Adminrlofthe-ateix Cptain brdickbul EiCottages admoning WOo,AIo , Cottalge-pae ldoweeklyhus opotenats The wholeheld for bout ni8 years unexie,a £Z e nu. May e viwed annprited rariclrs and o Mesrs idr and T. A. Robomerts 2 irgmroneroet. ME SSRS. H. BROWN anid T. A. ROBERTS will SEL,L by AIUCTION, at the MLart, on Wednesday, Mfarch1,a 12. in one lot. by order of the Execuitoraofthe lat rCapuitai AMdre bINGHUS,thto tue No. 90,Rtehth-tet ls xesv Po rennet,Cmte reiar compisig ranarow ies and meadt houingSe, mpeets A- ourtrstenr, f wic Dentramd Lfe lotfo sbntownri,m MESSRS. H. BROWN YSanddA WROBERT will SELL by AUCTION, at the MPrt,ons Wenesday,hMachap9. aTR 12,in oneh13h lo atyore of theuAdniieoasrr. af brick-built XADOElL ros, i th Ocuptio o Mesrs Dvie, Hrrson an oheiers, tweeklt inltherarnso.F theblast dentioned,i thsie ocuatone ofMr. Faendfebal treaomakr thewoe le-b~ tatren,wth frmouentin omibu£5ses thereannu. Uewe,anSrinte patclrs.do Mesrs.BrYge and Collins,aT solciorse ingd Wmtciimis troe SEand of AMes.N H. trow Martd T.A. nobrtsw, Muc2. 4 Thegoto1. n-tregt, SDN4i hectaaBye rhgelletrowi-th omoi and DoneadFriengce oc, cotbopbemen;ts Datiry Utrnensils.' bedunet be and a fewslots of om.rnidnre e SoeLLby AUCTioN, tonether Preises noeor,odpear te hpend1t cart,wela det . h lalsom axvrityo faringimpemetsandh day utvensils,end: a fewltere urnture,M3 peralbin,paretaofdrawters,an unumerouasecs,aTo belviwedonlyzths.e mrn fsl,Ctlge 1IrSSR.S. HUIJMPHREYS ancl WALLEN have ,.L lreeived ingtrutieons to SELL b AUCTION, at the Mart, Tomaorrow, March14 at 12, an erieant RESIAT.C, sinthae cottan e stdle, repletegwieh commI'itllei coveen ncrkhd-ae,-containtingtre ood stheingf rooms, len t hrancedball, sibd crmers, and ou aotdaessing room,eandthe u.sualdoestiorfceas; ogekltherinthL fo rcarenottaoo lreoeiubean kitche ga.:rdens the wal well zI perantedwit shrubstand isuhelrefor cais-ouse, stybae, aneprd oterat-buildier ngs, The estaeteyawl smtute onethd omnbu road,o nhea teoaSt. ae itrc hrh Particulars hda h 4ka may eha xiat the innpert Witaatw at t heo Mart ; of Messrsdal,PA.mcarstor visiT)knos-yr n of Messrs. Humphreys a ui d Wallen, 8Odrodret cit, and Bromfo-rde,ciy Bemptweendte oaphame and Wanhodwot arnitim,-Prointmb Laeofd unerlases1. ~ aonntonply ce6.Topeoroanu, 1acU t32fr Prhory-grove,tE-FOS voiiz.r-jmapianmed cxmb,ionsistng ofther WBd millbeesshop fou goo shus an dwllg-oues andoining, tiree bu 1yasunexp iresa £516s per anum TheL prpet mapTION viwdb laeo the tenantes, P3.Edarticularso handatyth Marcha17 cit 1or 14, wtoehoutrse-yard and of Messrse.n Wmbrtesan WLANKS dyctS. Oldff,road-tereet. ;city dfor,orslth ox, onig Hfampsltead-rod,nd-Gear te Householn Furniituerns 20v.o lIAR LER W il SL b AUCION AUTON, at,e J.lPrmiss,31 Mointo-plceTomosow Mrch4,at12 for 1, Ulgnte steas, eddng,wasatads, rawrs,toiet lasens andgtables,t wrd. Tables, chanderas,so, lounge,rndchi, E Brslsaneohe cotpetm cutans hia,gas, ulnryarile,n Smiscellaneous ites.d a A.LBEREW KINGiece to SELL bY AUCTION, a .LL Gth Premises, 137 EdTgsc are-road 2, en12 Monday, March17, tth aten12eferve, wthou eer,60TE OEUK OWNR, Piewi,amd,WhienPt.fitt DaU oiesir able.Leaseold Esitatn, aendSingthon, 2-i from teRDTe or o teN bveRsl ayt SELL by AUCTIN wt TION rathsaRosy' .TDlystrt otwr. on Thusa,Mth2,a- o ~Fuesdaynde HOSS _itateh1 Chid-street,1 earlscourt-road, thenstn UNLAIEtDe specablteant. an ph educing £8 pre-rdanum. Ptarticulas andvon- t wadiins ofik saleo rg ely aotityof er.,e-inappatthle p,.ranipwayiu orL toehrwt olrewebae of m~ iwe,laeosiiagtocleand Tonro anda Bogushadt Mondrs, Beaesofinee,Sihs 4, Buldeytrse,anotes ALBERT OKLNG will SELL byt AUCTION. at MR.Go 3azrwa', T-onhrrdaw, Marc1h 20.1ach at 12 i winIouta.TWO slpeighes rserr-e,thcedROABUC FOUDNDRYS, Lwithlarg ent gatteds beithnew Nste3amd enin GrTy BfltekGrnve, foubr-hrepwellure. boiers fiorges, athes gel-rindtoes,iiecUneai, and ol olrykn onecsary forl carryingdtenth fmort&rsntctableo fanndiyg thituatsonoffes hgr,ealthadvantae toonbuiers to mk the premisd est sawng mill. Theifoundryisohel amtb tEsqextremeLay-low,rent fofr9 yar Partic fulyars, and conditouro ale efG1.Vt toaqueDtyEq,, Ewsq, Strand IMaytIreiforinthel orilt; Anel Islicgtor; at Garaway's-ira,d of the aucineer 5,-Colleg. hit anntonsteet.n adaet &Feetsre. aelopae Pulic. oic `Jdof Srae.,Lniml BrigHon,ehand SournthreCoastailwa PEA aEofosrtComany.fecs M ESR beeUC NG favoURedN wihaverecteoned frotmethDiretor ofL the abCTOveRiloa theao SeLLbysAUC TIO, a hi Roms,44,Tooey-iret, onttrk,onm Tuiesda ctand WeHodnesday M-avrc1and19er, at12eros)acnhiday,alldthehUrCLAIthD FROPEIT eft n th Comany' premirves. n ttosrvost te1st o JaHNuary,1555 cmreis ecing8ubelstT aUnd paaol SELL walnthCict,lag AuantityIofmr werig spp rel,tlacetce ralwayg wreappters, bag es, ndortjmantoas,eigh,toiewto olghets, thresoe cut. roa sin, threcwnte hcry, sacks, mchuanis tools, charness old irnt, v tsroe togthe withns garlaren atssiemblag ofmiscelandueousartices; alsoh00paiseoOfrdshoes,d Mrayb3e viewiedwontMedayprte 17th, and ctaomigues hadantM.Petalssoffes,h4d,tteooleystreS. tiai Noa11,GloorweTl-squaesioyrodsemia-gadetachedleside noes,fr occupia dozen, bydiretionon h Corwn.etet WA. OERLEs wilratel toSELL by AUCTION, a ,,LLHIS MArt, n To-morrow, th t 1th fofMrch at 12,o peinelo,ts,TW en suite, leooadocsoa als l~n nancbntwt r moulumountiugs a valuable mantel dloelamdormimeta items,noble chimney and ier glasses elegat candeIabras. polished fenders and fire-irones; the ~?dchambDers comprise mahogany four-post and Arabian bedsteads, with chintz furmitures, superiarbeds and beddiDg;wardrobes, chests of drawerm marble-top washstands and fittings, dresdg glaws,e and the usual requisites for the aerrante' apartments ;hendsome table glass and china, and the various effects of the domestic offices. and ab)out 50 dozens of wine, oDrnprising Plort, Shery Jobannisberg, Hoc);, Claret, and Hlermitage May be viewed privatel, by cad.on Toes day, March 12, and puiblidly one day antecedent to the seel, when cata-. logues may be obtained from the auctioneer. at SdI each, athis ofices, 1, MWount'-street. Berkleley-scluare, UIffolk4-ValUable Freehold Farms and Lands, in the parishes of Statton, about sixnilles from Ipswich, and Kettleburgh, near Fram. liugham ; also Cottages in tho parishes of Great Wenhiam and East ;TOHN FOX has the honour to announce that iv.e received instructions to offer for SALE by public AUC- and also the Stutton.-ballFarm,ocontaining shoot 23acres of exceller arable and, pastur land, in. the occupation of Mr. George Stanford. Lot 2 will compirise the Queech Farm, containing about 153 acres of exoelen arbleand pasture land, inl the occupation of Sir. Joseph Cat. Leot 3 wil comprise a very eFxcellent Close of MVeadow Land called Bridge Meadow con~ ~inre about 8 acres in theeccuopation of Mr.GeogeStafor, 1'hselets ie in a6ring fence, and together forms most desirable estate, beautifully situate, Partly bounded by the river Steur, and commanding visiws of Mcnningtree and -Harwich, as well as the picturesque scenery of the Steur. it will, in the first Instance, be offered entire in onse lot, and if not sold wvill immne. diately be put up in threelots as above described. Thevwhole of the Stutton Hall estate Is freehold LoDt 4 Will comprise the Kettleburgh Farm, about three miles frmn Framliagham, with a very good fam hos,adalncesr uliis and containing about2s acrs of vey od arbenpsueln,ligi igfence, in the occonatondof Mbr.t neore. enr, bu ih acreszof this lot arecoDy hel ofIneriane, ot wil cmpiseanexcellent Freehald Double Co= with apiece ofpsu'Itditeprao retWna continngaltogether abu n ceadahalf in the eccpationsof 'WillimAbbot and RoetCeetn e wil comPrise an excellent Double Cottage, withpee psueln,situate in the parish of 3ast Bergholt, otam nn atwerbotto redis, in the eciimto of widw Faskell and Wila a,ThsltIcpyodfnetaons Partieslars asadoonditosfaI, ih mas,ooaybhald oniabpntcu tIn i Meawa, arke~ Boker,and eakesolicitors, ], Gr'sn, aquare, Loadoca Ak" replosl nNAlh JlnhmRs EL. Eduesd's, and 4hse;o r-Ecet adso5Hliig haaw, nworlamax,g b~muiser pwgi Pall-maiL-An Importation of Parislanx Clocks,--Timepiecex, aij Brogires. withont rc:f AprSmsR. FOSTER. and SON SILL by AlCOiVTION. at the Gs.lery, P all-mnall To-morrow, March 1~, at 1i 150i PARISIAN CLOCKS in. back anid Widte marbloeoro-oulu, .t and-buhi, mortly in the taste Of the Renaissanoei and LDuis Xv,sc us0cloekawith leeernwientstgbronz groups, gur n sae ettL. Oh iTew two ayspror and cataloGues had at Mess osies' ef1fices, 54. n! idesd-stret,DreasAubsainc, S"avenerie, and Tale& jrJ..i t.4es Chair and 5sf. CrTes,and Aisbrrn s. Le. ii!ESSRS. FOSTER and SON b&Ve r-ecei'ed instruc lUtionstoiELbyAuan:o iLtthe Roomns. 21, Old Bond-sre THIS DAY. Mrchi 13 and two ollowin days,at 12 for Ieahdy the costySA.Vo.KOlINEi&E pdAIJEMUSSON CAB?IS bu W number, anad varYfM in sizes sidtable forastate rxian, plooma,drwn onouts, and boudohs, The looms of AubusOon have been ln ee brated; the harmonious arrar=eet of colours, anud the cee terng, give an appearane of riches and dress to thece carpet lgin, those Of Other manufactures. The visitors to lr xuiic WIfoIerele in Pa is, 1855, will recognize in this salesnoftequsisite p&nels of Aubusso and, Beauvostptrta doaedhe wall. of theltotonde,weeteConlwl eeehbtdadcn tributed, and in artldttr wr yte nestoa uyo stret as ee enage, ad heywil beonPublic view on the WlbJ, f4. Pall-mall.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~. f EBBgihle Leaseold FAtate, Paddington, producing4 £140prn.annm ESSRS. LOCKWOOD are instrue'ed to submitg 8 rS LEb UCTIO7, at thelMart. on. Thurisday next. 3th mews6 nd7, StHaniydebnsree, Pfth adlungofn; heldr -lonu ers.a modeRSt.ron rentK, OOD l ae oresp iectbetenants Mar,b; rlace,and 44. Upper Baker-street.yelipbl Tosmawll CaItalistmns, andoter-STab Llnd and Dury-elling inLhake-- mw,t.Mrebone, rof th vau f 5er5nm 31]E SSS. OCKWOOD are insrected by thfr.- DneHone,r hof Mr. Georige y fromebsiess, to SELL by AUCTION,.at theMset,onThnrMda3next,250th. at 1.punctuially,vtefl'lgilc inLEASEHOLD PEE RIF,TtLNate in0 Duke w-maews Ta darlebone, tha e br h-bitreetroeoitramnbesdCorpancuy.eldorabout5l 9 ymdearst anlthe low groundb,Eq'atlco rento 9prnu,Tep operty worthe aiewe landpited5 particulars Nobtane atth Muart;, gand atthei fces aEu athne autoneers,,g andrwood-tae,ndme44, Upe7dfr Raker-streett. leaseholnd Inrtents exMa3 N.Ida-vlet and Sealsuymes totX. B.athe,la manufaturer bone,f p endurin o £105 ler atungrundrn f43 ThFSSS bOeWO ar iswced by laeo h teatsh-n lIN tte?IatoTusa nhext h iart: of.punmct dand.h Son,ow a bickbuit rsidnce hed freabot Ticyear-s. tr£5et. rofm rfent leas£65perannm; lsoNoel4a&15.halibers.S- Jmews, cmprsn a t rang of wok psnoto enme, held for laboe 40ydears tth man Ufatuer, Eatkertreretu, o Slta gon rn f£ s pnVer anum.Te ropSt~vlinad eofhvlewedbrleav of teOtea.nt&,aD. a.,ussetartruirn otur, fa thne MrtofesrHd and GSdnr solnctors, Portlandchbes, GreaSotbTamtochrowld.street ofMesrsof Caenonand, onaWenes,solicitorsPacch1.ambers, Suntul. Jamespsste Oint Vi-ey-Supsero, Stnokilres6 Chiney-ras,msesbandsomae bvfo n'enin hitSan god ofb an( Carvuetre ait and Gierdder. tLeauctonathePrmstaes,cy, ouamtnr, e-odcrero STOClKquihi TAD o Cthe VEu t ndsr GIDRtonitno rl snied DRinwit Pandkol, buland matesr,ee aies,ad0hrdc. tateve gotds, nchly gilt Catlo s m atiy be hadbnpeuse;rda theacTiong and enatche agency boards. ot, B fsousra, Baysatr Of =pit. EbdsCarpnterms,os Buildr,anddoters. -n Of MAY be iswa h diyrevited by the sProrit,wo - shi0 g th busine, to SendteL pbyi ona the-w pemses aLL aboye onThurda, athMarch THI. DAtY,0 (hrday) ail-. sf ouresdDenoS. lank,ad Battens,wsawn ah usw,1 iei b theoignmpathion o rspgtbleds oa pot, ortcuarty horstes, e orec gofusw it, shds an MrTd workshop,!threeladder, andaaibe for ulefue Ineffmets May beviewed the daye O pevionust thelsale ord c7talog obtainedame at Mrthaes fies4. VTooe-Autreet Sonibsnrk, We AumrThe, Maywtrt,ThisDy AP -the PrmOOEsers No. 4 Aemend thera, mnlcta ew bounSELLve by ATuesday, atthe thiM b atHIDY(hrdy 12, vlNTualFREEcoLpDse asond eASHnt SAES oi~ offutesiene and Arbaesteven, godwelln-ossa priualtatdfr thest ocupwatindwof dresetbles familes;o and niehue, ic r ground, andl bokaniproedrentas ofd othper anu,eliil ortes invaestmsentso capial other wholeofthe ann uual retloId 0.le paer anewd mayhe obtainedr ate the -,and eauto desMi-ndroad, bar' fces15. UprBkr.tet ~eathesPboure-hrose, Baud Wn-auter.-oeaodFunitoaurae. i_ MR. UomDEJHusiaba llup.tSELL by AUCTION o-izam boVs-roe onI Tusa,AhYlthac, at 12, the raubeLFAE or SEIIOL)GFODNITURate: comprisselent mfL (tesabUogan and3adiron e four-pot hesats ofhdraers and thrdobe, comacwodiand mabonnl-oohe deother-, tibles bnthebrocadsie, sofas, n ayand ther abad sottiignbyaadtoile be v~~~~~~~~~~~~iewed tedybfr h ae n aaoust ehda r Undrha's ffies,9. ppe Baer-tret, eget-s-park, !os eThers1 CPublic-housrehand 1Wine-vuts, Kensth ingon ravelis, IFt' OMLE aniSO ar instructed bth tssihe Ees o JL sohnson, lat O aneruptto SELy AUCTION. at GheAucirra wart's,i THIsday, ath 12.the Apruabnext LaSE3, fn ort12 uneas, anu. arssignsteet, Gasinhallstret: aso o ldescs,immoka taxres; toliwitors, Sufolk- Brod-srett; and ofte actione' er, 15,Sotapn-re,Bom- and SAION ars dinsrected by the Escrgeestore Jof thelatedOne, to Sakut.tELL by AUCTION, th Auton te Mart,ss.a oe on Thuresday, th 1thA rilhnex, at U2 inr si lts,nes aOUnFEHOLD HONIUSES, co.pII1 Sl,inLitl Pore-pntstr eneb, Good-. man'bes-telds.,lettoyearly teats bo g rall taes; the whlormwr~2n - ing copactfreno estte,eligblysitate in othve vicinitf the Min, Dcks k,, rodcig arenalof 1a2pe otunt Parptsculars east.~~~~~~~~~~~ Faeurnifetursn. fet, i,Jry-tee,S.Jmss SSTR. SLE DAVIL S BsYDiEN ted by.the AsineeiLL ofte thole,askuto SELL by AUCTION, on the-r a bvf n Thremises.aas abovet on Wednesday,tMarchr9,eate. fur capithe HOUSE_HOLD FURNITUItE, coinPrising mahoganY four-pest, Paunoh,r androbesteads, -the et beddinc, mahstanyi n itns chests of draes,adwh- book, chna, lass anthe sualkitcen rquiites, ena bevuesrodtecday poviosto he sle. atalgueshad n ath prem loges; ofbad:, cit4, TAlenhouer-street andtbofur.eAllen Davis,w-rotd.snear theOd o.V 10,aloc asterterraeHd-CPtark-Capitale IHousehol ad F uitpre Feathe Cbieds. Brnedding ,Tureand M Bofsl Carpets and Exeiticel.a]~ESSRS. BOYL,FORDErnd and Co. ariein- stutdoSELL by AU CIO,TIo 3n, ron twie Parem Ises,1 as aov the. onU HLFUNITURE,o -eaoe eiec comprisin mhg Araiy n four-post adterbd steas. eater bds,beding,wasoads nd frttings,achestsofdraw- he, oureyad cumstue,ls apes hia=gas as,kthna rfetisite. 3 AU IO,on the p remises, anofteaciers,1,Aie-le,HdpaNo.i 4,flxadr-pst, renet, WedetbournprHaowod,erth woo Caines,Brozes k,, nde Bll f Sleand Exdermtionster- bestad. beds a an VdiUag,winedarderobd, maroetowashy. d. suit Wnoewnod,covre in silkr, splaegaserionir FURNITand othe-- tabls, raetlies iing room,ef Spand mahogany,daigaddilrgxo saides-- bo,cards, anobl mcanaltables, dinner, tea,iand doresser servcs, chaina, gs-lass, rPt andkice reuists, Oncview omanz Thursday-gandes iona 6 o- sale Caaloueson te pemies;andofth aucinees 5 ' Churc-stret,deareraoad, Hanrw-od 1.Ques-road, taylowo atr. hol Funitre,Piaofote yRradwod,andEffcturs, xns ~JR .F.G. DBENHAM is istrucedtion SELLm by: AUCIN, o thePremses,as aottae, TI DA, March13,ugh pUre I E,icludingsue or prwinge and othe wnardobes, mattresses,oelderdw, featyherbes, and pebroeddng toil gl asnd abnd.- tables, lgchrests, ofdaers,f hurandsom bNrasin roomttae ianor,e irgsesofaed couhes, oraeasya chiair, 1j,card, sofalad occational t-abls fenders and Fre-rns. neecarly nwit Turkey, brsels and Kidemmsir crp ets, three sts of da extchendingu dtoinInetegl tables, 12 maogny!r chairs., sofaces paned easycdrin lather allthegnetrel starncarpental chins glass- kuiitehe an umer-inary udtensis ands miscllneu efiects.ratalooniuesa on, v.wMut,adctage nthe premises n . ebuar offcer 80. Chtpide.ntjm_ offoe.45. Htlina-sreon cillst ame-oa,H.lwy Pli vremises,6 t 15.mHinlato-ExVllas. Cmoden-od Hosh.lloway. niture, Fianofortes, and general Effects, 1UESSRS. JONES and BONHAM1 will SELL by- LV.AUCTION, at -their great Rtoams. 1i and i2, elcester-streez, THIS EVENIING, at 8, excellent HIOUSEHOLD FURINITUIIE anuL EFFETS.yin Arbia. for-pst,Frech.tent, and iran bed,,teads, bai auwoo matreses gose eater edsand bedding, chests of drawes, wshetnds nd dessig tales o, Pembroke, card, tailt telscpefrmedinngtatls,set o cais,sofas, couches and caw view, and catalogues to henbadeat the rooms TPamrrok-lac Vlarge quantityecio of high-ctandlodm raintingsein elu. GARCGAllr Coletin removed from thoe; contry. i III AUCION byAUTtIrg.Ret hois.flandr 71, Leaoester-st eret,Tmtet or torowwevenin y,at 14tthomnt, aCl ollEowingONoftIrei2 l G thER PeY aluTINGS reOvJed fre the PcunTRy, byormde of the Ex-eutors- anicien t an moemy cosditto,l rchogit framsmes of~ Onvewpru and cltetionus aabovh e.eado h otnn,adaogwihwUb onL Park-placrae examleas-byutbe Collectiong ofstr hig-cas Ptures GuidoGACI has remve frmabvan d Bergle On Tiew SELL byaoge AU tIN ath hsllaery, 71 QuadraiiRgnt, Itreirtsitibreet,A Gaw. To-morrow,Fidy 1t, n folxcingd4, at Ipreisely, thu very alualeCOLECTOunt of thipICtReS, fome by th ae r IrIETratavy consdreral oastBafrom some Cooft inipal T oimber, tIons0bot hieres aditon theali contiet battnd amOng whirtwl hft witheaaetg rarewooexam n o lefllwn atrad others.cK Tirokbers SaL ee,'-At GarrawayS,. to-orow arch 14, at prcieh, &g At the London Commercial Sale Roos icigln,THIS DAY,,
