DEATHS. Qn the 1thof February. at Georgetown, Dexerar Mr.PercyFord aged 24, son of Mrr. W9i. Ford, of Rotherham, Yorkshire. On, Mfonday, the 25th Febraary last, aged 26, to the inexpressible grief of hisasorrowing parents andtfamily, arid universally and deeply I-uented, Henry, the eldest son of Henry Hammond, Req.. of Furnivs-inmn, Lonlon, and of Wentworth Lodge, FianchIey, Mfiddlesex, xolicitor.' On the 14th inst.,suddealy, Mrs. Numn, of theI'on Hotel Aldeburgh Earlolk, aged 61. Her family have to lament the loes of a kindI an4 affectionate mother, and she is sinoerelyregretted by a naunerouas cirde of sserspathisimgfriends. On the 15th inst., in ondon, Sarah, the beloved wife of the Rev. Maximilia Geneste, of West Cowes. n the 19th inst., at tbehouse of theRev. T. A. Cock.IRodneyftreet, Centonville, in his 2dst year, William Harington Cowpr Student of King's College, London, second son of Charles Cowper, of Wiveulsoe, Es'!., .Uember of the Legislative Council of New South Wales. On the 20th inst., at Woolwich, of bronchitis. in the 78thyearof her age Ann. relict of the late Wrii£am MacXaughton, and only daughter of Capt. Robert Fenwick, late of thae Rtoyal A.rilery. On the 22d inst., at Dedham, in the coanty of Eszexz Mr. Wiliam 33ooth, aged . Oil the 24th inst.. at Princes-plae, Duke-street, St. James's, aged 52, CaptainIVilliam Ward, formerly of EL Mt.'s 15th Regt. oxi the 25th lnst, at Blanclford, Dorset, Francis Trevenen, the only child of Francis T. Johns, Eq., solcitor, aged seven months. On the 2lT in?st., at On-ltonhal, Warwickshire, aged six months, Newton. the infant son of the Rev. B. Jones Bateinan. (In the 25th inst., at Claremout.house. fluckland, Dover. Ann, yonzngest daughter of the lae Jeremiah Dodson. aeq., of. Bltbam, Kt,:;t. aged 712. oni the 2titlCinst., aged one year and nine months, Floma Susannahthr thloved child o,3r. Jaxnmes Carter oueghton, of 1l5, Cumberland, terrace, Upper rarlament-street, LiverpooL On the '26th inst., Frederick Barnee, Req., of 109, Fenchurch-street, and Sydenham. Kent, aged 55 years On the 26th-inst., at Broraley. Rent, in the 25th year of her age, Agnes, Joungest dauighter of Charles Fott, Req. On the 26th. at 3, Compton-place, Isllngton, suddenly,. Jane, widow On the late Mr. Joseph Beaumont, of Highhnry-place and Finch-lane, atgedblll - On. the 27th ls. at George-lane, WoOdford, Es-sex, of convulstons, 3Eenry Harvey, aged five years. son of Margaret Frances, and the late Stephien Mfackenzie. FMq. of LeYtonstone.
MONBY-ABKNTancdOITYINTRLUIGBN'CB., Thursday Evening. The English funds to-day have been without the slightest variation, but the tone of the market has indicated a tendency to increased firmness. Consols opened and closed at the final quotations of last evening-namely, 92§ to X for money, and 929 to X for the 0I of April; India-bonds left off at 10s. to 6s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98A to 1; and Exchequer-bills (Nlarch), 2s. to 4-. premrum; (June), par. There was an active inquiry for money to-day in the Stock-Exchanige, as well as at the Bank and in the, discount-market. To-morrow a greatly increased demand is expected, in preparation for the loan payments on Saturday. The transactions in foreign securities were no' extensive, but prices on the average were fairly maintained. In. Turkish Six per Cents. business was negotiated at 97-i, i, and i for the account while purchases of the Four per Cents. Guaranteed were concluded at lOOJ and i for the account. The general operations comprised-Brazilian Five per. Cents., 10I; :Ecuador, 5 ; the New Consolidated, 14k; Granada New Active, 21}; the Deferred, 7; Mexican, 20i; Russian Five per Cents., 104k and 104; Spanish Three per Cents., 44; the New Deferred, for acco-unt. 24 and -; Passive, 7W; the Certificate of Coupon not funded, 5i and .7 per cent. ; and penezuela Deferred, 13. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 60c. for money and 72f. 80c. for the account, showing an improvement of about a quarter per cent. Out of the recent arrivals of Australian gold the total taken to the Bank is believed to have been about 120,0001. Further moderate sums from the 'Continent continue to be received. The continental exchanges still show great firmness. The amount of specie from New York to-day by the America is 65,0001., and a further sum may be expected by the Baltic, which was to sail on the 15th inst., and is now due- Tho o ^l IO*6LD ai tu-s occasion. are uninteresting. Business was generally dull, but there had been a steady demand for imported goods, and large quantities had been placed upon the market. In stocks the tendency had been towards heaviness, and an average decline had occurred of about 1 per cent. Erie was quoted 57 ; Panama, 104; Reading, 90 to I ; and Illinois Cenral Bonds, 88. The banks had increased their loans, but the stock of specie during the week had decreased. The course takenby the underwritersat Lloyd's,in contesting the claim of the American Transatlantic Telegraph Company for theirlost cable, had been strongly discussed -in the papers. A member of the New York egislature had brought in a biU to prevent banks from making loans on stocks or bonds to the extent of more than 15 per cent. of their capital; but it was not likely to be adopted, although the propensity for legal meddling with such subjects is, perhaps, even greater in the United States than on this side. In Congress a plan had been proposed for a railroad and telegraph line to San Francisco, to commence at some point of the Mississippi-south of latitude 37. The proposal is to make a free grant of the entire right of way, 400 yards in width, and to allow 40,000,000 acres to be taken at 2s. per acre by any company who may enter upon the work; also that the Government should pay 20l. per mile for the mails, and that 100 miles should be completed within 18 months of the date of the concession. The accounts from Nicaragua continueto confirm the expectation that General Walker and his invading band will be able to retain possession of the country. An English newspaper had already been established, under the title of 1B 1Vicarag1cense. Its early numbers were principally occupied by abuse of Great B3ritain, but subsequently its tone appears to have become less violent. Among its advertisementais an offer from the Government of a donation of 250 acres of land to every single person who may be disposed to settle in the State. The course of exchange at INew York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is about 1090 per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 2340 per cent., it follows that the exchangeis nominallv about 0.20 per cent. against England; but, after maaldng aUowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. 'The advices from Canada to-day state that a bill had been read a second time in the Legislative Council, all6wing, money to be lonehi auI nartis o u i,~Ico, 'irumou; restrictionas the rate-of interest. The retarns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch 'banks for the four weeks ending the16thof February, when added together, give the following as the average weekly circulation of these banks during the past month-viz. Average circulation of the Irish banks. ... £6,852,640 [Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 3,957,4S3 Average circulation during past month ... £10,810,123 On comparing the above with the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Banking A Imanac, [the following appears to be the state of the circu- lation:- The Irish banks are above their Fed issue ... R498,146 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 870,274 Total above the fixed issue ... ... ... £1,368,420 The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offices of the several banks during the past month have been as follows:- Gold aud silver held by the Irish banks ... £%2,89,1S9 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks ... 1,761,388 Total of gold and silver held ... ... ,059,577 The above statements complete the returns of the circulation in England, Scotland, and Irelaud for the month ending the 16th of February, which were partly inserted in The Times of the 27th of March. These returns, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, will give the following results of the circulation of notes in the united kingdom when compared with the Drevious month Showing a decrease of 318,1041. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 620,96M. in the circulation of the united king-. dom, when compared with the month ending the 19th of January; and as compared with the month ending the 17th of February, 1855, the above returns show a decrease of 649,1731. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 557,6101. in the circulation of the united kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 16th of February was 10,549,5481., being a decrease of 2811. as compared with the previous month, and a decrease of 2,173,6641. when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irish banks during the month ending the 16th of February was 4,050,5771., being a decrease of 98,3751. as compared with the previous return, and an increase of 261,9821. when compared with the corresponding period of last year.
TRADE RBPORT. Thursday Evening. TEA.-The sales to-day conprised 8,962 packages, of which 2,800 packages were congon, 250 souchong, 1,500 scented orange pekoe, 270 hyson, ,700 young hyson, 1,800 gunpowder, and the remainder assor. The sales have passed 'without animation, and from the whole of the catalogues only about 1,150 packages were realized, but for these former prices were obtained. :SuGAiL-The market is steady to-day, without alteration. in = There were offered at auction 329 hogsheads and 3 Is foreign muscovado and 648 boxes yellow Havannah; a considerable part of the former found buyers at 37s, 6d. to 39s. 6d. for low, and 41s. 6d. to 43s. for gooI yellow, The latter were taken in at full rates. Of Wfesb India 306 hogabeads have been disposed of; 1,203 bags Madras have been sold privately at 43s. per cwt., 1,000 bags brown~ Pernalbuco at 3Ss. 6&., and 1,000 bags unclayed Manills at about 37s. 3d. per cwt. CorFF.-No public sales. A floating cargo of 3,8)0 bags St. Domingo is reported at 48s. 6d. for a near port. PjcnE-The transactions arc limited to about 2 ,0 bagsBallan, at Ss. 9d and 9s. per cwt.; BengaL at 9s. IOad.'to lOs. 64. for low middling to 3niddling -white; and good pirky MSadras, at 10s. per cwrt. CocoA.-A cargo of 1,260 bags Guayaqnfl rws offered at anction to-day ; with the exception of 260 bags, sold at 45s. fordgood gray, the whole was bought in. rnLZZP.,-JOQ thnn aNe reported iNcat at 39s. pevr cwt. ; 22 bags at a-action, unrefract4d brought Si. Ed. per cwt. CocuNn~x.-Of75 bgs EwIi~as n pablic. autiion abou haf sod a folows:-6 bas Iver, low to'~9o004 ~s.3d.to g. Id,perlb. beng doverpreiovitpnrice and14 agsblak sld erydea, mreparticularly for the infrio qu3i~es;ordnar toluidlig,4s. Z9d. to 15s 3d.
RALWAY ADMININO SHAP. F'&; Thurdaby Evoning. The railway-market* was finer, and- trices in some cases showed a tendency to further improvement. Increased activity was noticeable in Blgian shares, Sambre and Meuse having been freelp purha-sed. There were also numerous transactions in Grand Trunk of Canada and Great Westein of Canada, but the highest prices were not fully supsorted. Ottoman Bank shares advanced and left off to oI pm.,inconsequenceoffavourableadvices unierstoo'd to have bee-n received with regard to the prospects of the undertaking. Bank of Egypt clowed !to I pin.; Western Bank, 3i to 2i disount; London and Paris, 3 to 2discount; Allance, 1+ to 1 discount; and National Discount Company, i to t discount; Australian land and bank shares exlibited -scarcely any. alteration. In London and County Bank shares the opferatians ranged from 33k to 32j.
TER ZUGEY CASBS. te following rneapondence has paaa betweezz M£r. John Snitha, of ]Jirmingliah ithe aolicitor -engaged in defence of Mr. Wiliam Palmer. an(d ;ir George Grey, Secretary of State for tahe ome Department : - A. V. 'WILI PALI=} .f th Birmingham, Mrch 1856. "Sir,-On the 28th of ZJanuary I iddre6sed-letters4o the rs pectve solicitors for the prosecutions against Wlliam Per, copies of which are on the other Eide. The answer received ws a refusal, on the ground that Dr. 'Taylor thought my request unreasonable. I deemit my dut, der advice,to apply to yu, rn thoug£h you to Dr. Taylor, that he be requested to comply with my requirements, and I do so most respectfully, ancE submit the following reasons for your consideration "L The life of Wiliam Palmer wMil depeud upon td ; accuracy of Dr. Taylor's statements. " 2. The medical men consulted by William Palmer in reference to Cook's case say that strychnine can and ought. to bave been found, if administered; and they therefore reo1nre to knowthe tests applied by Dr. Taylor to fid it. "sto Mrs. P'almer, "1L That antimony is mnot elinizated in from to 20 days. "2. That the testwaS ini[lcient. Dr. Tavlor said, 4Isa the contents of the stomach we found rather a large pronortion of i preparation of antiMijony ; we aXla found a noisnteL preparation of arsenic, but az arsenic was not found depo. sitedin any of the viscera, and is occasionally an impurityin ordinary tartar emetic, we consider that arsenic in this; casewas owing to such impurity in tartar emetic, and not. to its having been separately administered.' "The value of chymical evidence Ehould, I submi%, depend upon its being perfectls consistent. Is it so in thi' evodenoe.' Arsenic was founl in minute quantity in thea contents of the stomach, and its presence there is sapuoseo to arise from its having been combined (as an imnirity) -with thetartar emetic. But antimony is said aso to have abounded in other parts, and yet no arsenic wasdiscovered in any but the one part already mentioned. If arsenic was present as an impurity in theantimonial preparation, it should be "iscoverable every where wherever antimony was found ; but its absence la all the viscera except the stomach is specially noted. It there was arsenic in the stomach, I submit the chymistryI is deective, and therefore not trustworthy, which failed t,detect tinother parts. If there was no arsenic in thestomach, the chymistry is equally at fault which afIrms itgpresence. "I do notvdeem it necessary to raie further objections. in order to show the importace of my application7 norhave I feared to state fu31y and openly some of the objections to Dr. Taylor's evidence, although on the trial hew may prepare himself with answers, " My sole object is to hs.vethe un es fully a fairly investigated by the first.scientific men of the day, both ins this and other countries, and, without the information I have sought for be given, m3any experiments must n6ceesarily be abandoned, and which would greatly tend to throw' light upon the various subjects, if performed. With every respect, I aam, Sir, "Your very obedient servant, "CJOHN SMT. "To the RightHon. SirGeorge Grey, secretary of State for the Home Department, London." " Whitehall, March 5, 1856. "Sir,-I am directed by Secretary Sir George Grey to. acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the2dinst., and ite enclosure, and to inform you that they have been referred to. the Solicitor to the Treasury, who hass charge of the prosecutionof Wlliam Palmer. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant. " W. WADDILGTON. "Mr. John Smith, solicitor, Birmingham." " Whitehall, March 8, 1856. "Sir,-I am directed by Secretary Sir George Grey toeq -aint you, with reference to your letter of the 2d inst., ba it appears that your application to be furnished by Dr. ay .r th certa information in reference to the evidence;v. by that gentleman in the cases of Amn Palmer and, Coo . is entirely without precedent and cannot be granted. "I am, SLr, your obedient servant, "1W. MASSEY. V Mr. John Smith, solicitor, Birmingham." "24, Waterloo-street. Birmingham, March 10, 1856. Sir,-H:ad not Dr. Taylor's evidence in Ann Palmer'scase been without precedent, in all probability my request. (w'Ii .hit must be admitted is out of the usual course) -woulrd lo; have been made. "Dr. Taylor says ' this is the first case of poisoning byantimony in medicinal doses in this or any other country.' I there.ore have a right to ask, upon what antecedents can. he founi his opinion? I seek not toprejudice Dr. Taylor; I merely want to test the correctness of his evidences and, if hebe right, can ho, or onght he to refuse to furnish theinformaton I have sought? and, if he be wrong, is myclient's life to be jeopardized on such testimony? " I must apologizs for again bringing this case before you, but a sense of daty compels me to do so, especially as the ground of your previous refusal rested, rot on any wrong: that the Crown may sustin, or any infringement of rightnot that what I ask for is unreasonable aud might frustratethe ends of juStice if granted-bat solely because my request is 'entirely without preceaent.' My client's case is one of iffe and death-not a trial of medical sIku! "I am, Sir, your most obedient servant. "JOH2N SMITH. "To the Right 1ion. Sir George Grey." "Whitehall, March 13, 1856. ISir,-I am directed by Secretary Sir George Grey tosalnowledge the receipt of your letter of the lOth inst.,. in reference to Dr. Taylor's evidence in'Ann Palmer'scase. "What you state appears to Sir George Grey -to bematter for cross-examination at the trial, and he can onlyrerer you to the answer of the 8th inst. to your formerletter. "I am, Sir, your obedient servant, "1W- MASSEY. "lr. John Smith, 24, Waterloo-street, Birmingham." # TO T}E RIGHT ON. SIR GEORGE GREY, BART., SECRE.- TAIRY OF STATE. "Sir,-I duly received your last comnunication, whereinc yo- say the questions brought under your consideration by me, in reference to Dr. Tayloes evidence in Palmer's case, will form fit subject for crossexaminationaon the trial, and therefore my former request could not be complied with. " It is most painful for me again to address you on this matter, but Ibzg mny doing so maynot be considered rade orpertinacious. I k-now the immense importance of my application to my client, and I dare not neglect -what is beyond all doubt my duty even at the risk of an unfavonrable impression being put upon this act. I respectfully denythat the various analyses made by Dr. Taylor can form a fit subject for cross-examination on Palmer's trial, withoutfurther information. I, of course, cannot surmise what tests were employed by the doctor, or his mode of manipulation, so as to experimentalize with accuracy by a sRmilar moclas operandi, nor can I produce evidenceto rebut Dr. Taylor, if he be wrong, for want of theinformation sought. Allow me to suggest that, if Dr. Taylor is right in his evidence, no injury can be done by furnishing me with what I have required, because the factsfound and conclusionsarrived at by him cannot then be: cantroverted; but, if he be wrong, should the Crown insist on error bemg made the subject of evidence upon the mere chance of cross-examination setting sach wrong; right? I sbmit this 'is the poit from which Dr. Taylor's evidence should he viewed, and to my client it. is. of the greatest moment that his life should not bejeopardized by the mere chance of cross-examination pJacingevery wrong statement or conclasion under Government can haave no wish to throwv difiiculties in theway of my client, nor should any fair and reasonableaseistance be denied him, and I respectfully submit. that a denial of my request is placn difficulties ill the way of Palmer's defence, and wlithholding reasonableassistance to enable him to save his life. Mfy humble capacity cannot arrive at any easonable objection to Dr. Taylor giving the information asked for if he be right in. his chymistry and conclusions; but I can readily understand why a refusal should be given in case he is incorrect. "Allowmae to call our attention to the Leeds case ofpoisoning by strychnine, where that poison was foun4d whereas Dr. Tay or swore it was not trceable; d aga to the case of Mrs. Palmer, who is alleged to have been poisoned by antimony in medicinal doses, and the want of antecedents to found such an opinion upon. " For the sake of science, the ends of justice, and in thename of humanity, I again appeal to you to grant my request. Ifeel I have a righti to -what I ask, and am therefare emboldened to make this my last attempt at yourhands to gain my object. " T am, Sir, yours respectfully, Birmingham, March17. "JOHN SMITLH."
1HE MISS'G STrP-rx PAcnc.-The following is an extract from a letter just received by a. clergyman in this country from a friend of his in New York, who sailed from Liverpool in the Atlantic: on the 6th of February, 14 days after the Pacific had started from the same port:-" New York, Feb. 26,1S56. Eighteen weary disagreeable stormy days brought us on. Sundaymorning to -New York. 'he captain, who had crossedtbe Atlantic 243 times, declared hehad neverhad such a bad trip as this. The ship had scarcely got out of theMersey when the headwind beganincreasing to a gale, against which. we had to fight until we reached this shore. When two days out the fog became so thick that we could not see thelgthothe vesseL On the third dayfloating ice beganL to make its appearance, increasing to such an extent that. we could only feel our way. For two days and nights wen kept crawling along, the captain hoping to get out of it. every moment. Fog, fog, fog! nothing but fog and ice! On the third day, at 7 o'lock in the mornin, we saw a spectacle which none on board will ever forget; it was, in fact, thefinger of Providence, andsomemore deservingthan I and others must have been on boad. The whole veil of fog rose like a curtain, and we looked upon an - ocean scene beautiful, fearful, and grand. The atmosphere as far zs the eye could reach was clear; the sun shone brightly on a continuous chain of icebergs above 100 feet high, intermingled with fields of ice.- Chain after chain burst upon t4e' sight, and tho sight was awTully impressive. in a less time than it has taken to write this the curtain descended, and all became obscurity again. The captain took the hint and turned his shi towards England for the remainder of the day, and towfard the south at night, not resuming his course, to America until the following morning. After 18 days' passage wo arrived at New York, when we learnt that the ?Pacific, azother steamer belonging to this, which sailed 14 days before us, had not arrived, and I fear she is lost, with all on board. Our ship behaved nobly; nothing broken or strined. It is wlvonderf ul howv man combines wood and iron to withstand the powex9f tht WaYes,
AMERICA. . pX ginzmry of the following-, reeived by electric tele I* appearedIn ournimpression of yesterday:-_ VEP&6L * b9i-D . 33y the arival of the Royal mail steamship Jmeri2a, Whitman comrnander, from Boston and Xalifa;, 8 are in t'he receipt of advices from New York3to tle 10th inst., She brings $325,650 in pecie on fieight. The Am rica does not Iring any tidings of the aisgan stemer Pacific. She pwsed the steamship Imeu on the 9th and the Royal maiI steamship Mix on the 24th uit., hence for New York. The Royal mail steam.slhip Africa, hence, arrived :at New York on the 8th inst. In the Senate on the 10th inst. the bill appropriating 3,000,000 dollars for increasing the armaanent and miunitions of war, and for the manufaturO and alteration of arms, in accordance with the recent recomnmendation of the President, -was ordered to be engrossed for a third readng by avote of 22 against 12. During the debate }E. Bell said he did not think the exigency had .Xien for such an appropriation. He did not wish to have it go abroad that the little speck of war had timulated such proceedigs; besides, the object of the expenditure was.not sufficiently. stated to accord with the doctrines of the fathers of the Republic. Mr. Weller was wiling to make the bill more specific; he did not apprehend vwar, but, while the lreAS'Uy was full, it was wel to mak-e preparations for any emergency which might arise - Mr. Hunter spoke in favour of increasing the national defences so as to be prepared for attacks from every quarter. MIr. Cass said England had suffered so much in the war with Russia that it was not at all anlikely that she might try to retrieve her repu-tation by a war on the western hemisphere. Mr. Cass addressed the Senate relative to the aggres-sions and audacity of the English Government, 'quoting from T1K Times a recent article against the UJnited Steates, and making thereon a sarcastic running commentary. HIe did not see how the 'Central American controversy could be referred ~to arbitration. It was not a question of boundary or indemnity; but a mere question about the meaning of a word. 1o arbitrator, vwhether mnderstanding the English language or not, could -tell them what the word "occupy"' meant better than they knew already. JIr. Iverson defended the bill, and thought there was imminent danger of a war with England. He did not believe the Administration of the American people were in favour of arbitration on the Central American question. On the following day the Senate renewed the dconsideration of the bilL Mr. Brown supported the views of the Government relative to the ClaytonBulwer Treaty; he did not desire to assist in -creating a war spirit; the treaty was susceptible but of one inter,pretation. England's construction -of it was a specific violation of common sense, and if such conduct was responded to by a private -individual in his dealing with his neighbours it would be very apt to communicate the -impression to all impartial witnesses that -fraud was intended. He condemned the con-duct of Great Britain in the enlistment f case. He was opposed to submittinrg their difficultiei with England to arbitration, for the reason that a great -republic like theirs could scarcely expect justice -swith a crownoed head as umnpire. The Senate then adjourned. According to docluments submitted to the Senate n the 10th ins.t. the instructions to Commodore 3irCaulay, commander of the IUnited States' 'home squadron, issued inApril last, after the Spanish - frigate Ferrolana had fired into the United States' steamer Eldorado, were to the effect that, in case of - similar outrage committed on a vessel rightly bearing the United States' fag, he must promptly interpose and resist the exercise of the assumed right - of visitation, and repel the interference by force, the Execative taking the ground that the conduct of the authorities of Cuba, in '-ailing and searching American vessels, cannot rest on the plea of territorial jurisdiction over the high seas in the vicinity of the island of Cuba, the IJnited States' Government denying the existence of -any state of facts to warrant the exercise of belli- gerent rights. A resolution directing the Committee on Foreign Affairs to consider the expediency of reporting a bill effectually abrogating the treaty with Denmark snd repudiatnmg the payment of the Sound dues, -was adopted on the 7th inst. In the opinion of Blessrs. -Seward, Crittenden, Snmner, Vessenden, Collamer, and Stuart, the action of the United States' Government with regard to the Sound dues had been altogether wrong, inasmuch as treaties -were part of the supreme laws of the land, and could only be abrogated by the joint act of both Houses of COngress, approved by the President. Messrs. Iason, Cass, and Toucey dissented from this view --of the matter.- A message had been received from the President, -nsking for an appropriation of $800,000 for the suppression of Indian hostilities in Oregon. In the House of Representatives the question of askingfor power to send for persons and papers in reference to the Xansas case had been under consi- deration, but without any result. A Washington despatch of the 10th says that ,-Colonel Wheeler, the United States' Minister at iSicaragua, notwithstanding his perseverance in the -endeavour to convince the State Department that lie was justifiable in recognizing the new Govern- ment, has failed to satisfy the Secretary of State of -the propriety of his course. Mfr. DMarcy places little or no confidence in the testimonialsthe signatures which Colonel Wheeler has transmaitted to him in this connexion-justification of the conduct of an - officer resting, according to Alsage, more on the officers statement of facts than the endorsement of private individuals. It has heretofore been stated that Colonel Wheeler was -specially instructed not to recognize the Govern=nent of Nicaragua, but he acted in advance of their -recipt--a precipitancy on his part which is emphatically condemned by the 'United States' Govern-ment. The recent instructions are explicit, and he is required to adhere to them strictly. In the unsettled condition of affairs in Central America his -functions will for the present be confined to an -oversight of Unit ed States' interests in that quarter -ss it is weeU known he has no official intercourse -with the Nicaraguant Government. The Washington correspondent of the teuiv York7 Herald writes on the Tth inst.:- "Seretary Marcy has been very busy for the last 48 1tours preparing elaborate despatches, which go out in the _Tzropean steamer to-morrow, with reference to our present dificulties with England. Complete instructions to Mr. 'Pabss will accompany the despatches." The Newt York Journal of Commerce, writing ulon the despatch of British troops to Canada, "The order recently given in England to certain regi22titg to hold -themselves in readine to proceed to Canada Lasttracted some attention here, and individuals have 75aeei disposed to construe it into a hostile demonstration. We do not so regard it. If England had designed to mAke such a demonstration, she would, or should, have ent 50,000 men, instead of 8,000 or 10,000. The case, We take it, is about as follows:-Previous to the breaking -nut of the war between Great Britain and Russia the SAilitary esUblishment in Canada always consisted of seven 'or eight regiments of the line, independent of the local -corps, the Canadian Riflee. Most of these regiments vere -Withdrawn for service in the Crimea during the course of 1the lut two yeals, and the guardianship of the Canadas left -aImOst altogether to the local troops and a few militia vo- lUnteers It is therefore not astonishing that Great Britain i-ahould desire to restore her militauy force in these provinces 4o its original strength; and, as this is t;e season of the ,3ear at which ships are usually taken up fo: the transport ,of troops to the British colonies, the affair may be accountWd for without attributing to it any unusal signi- Loance?" Its Washington correspondence states that Mr. Buchanan is writing to his friends there complain- ing in very strong terms of the injustice of Lord Clareudon and Lord Palmerston in their endeavours to rete prejudice against the United States by the msrepresentation of certain things which occurred in srivate interou e between him and Lord Claren- don. kr. Buchanan alleges that Lord Clarendon's statements with reference to our Government having inide several offers of arbitration is a gross exsggra tion of mere informal conversation between hulm and Lord Clarendon, whichwas not considered of ny consequenco. He also denies Lord Palnerston's statement tnat he (Mr. Buchanmn)had expressedhim- relf entirely satisfied with Lord Clarendon's letter en the enlistment question of the 16th of July. The Washington Union of the 6th of March conClude@ -4 io editpii article, published doubtless I y authority of the Administration, with the following declaration "But we cannot forbear to add one remark, which is that Great Britain is thus th tening the United States with) war, not bcuse we w v ,iM frinjed her lws or intultedher oiaaeipty in any, tBG lai thing Whatevor, bt only because, after she had infringed our laws and insulted cur sovereignty, we courteously . request her to relieve us from the presence of her M;iister, Mr. Crampton, for reaEons the most cogent and unanswerable. There is no other cause or pretext of a rupture between the two countrieg. Upon which the New Yor7. Eerakl remarks:_ " ' No other cause or pretext of a rupture P Why, according to the President's mege, we had supposed that the Central American imbroglio was the main questionthat-the real causes for war layin John Bull's violations and false interpretations of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty. But now, in effect, we are cooUy informed that the pa. triotic indignation of our President concerning tha usurpations of Engand in Central America was aU humbug, and that all our efforts to strengthen tho Administntion upon the Monroe doctrine have been thrown away, for that there is 'no cause or pretext for a rupture' in the affairs of Ceetral- America. Curious this, very. The Vniom talks, too, of Great Britain threatening us with war. We had sapposd, on the contrary, that the i&dministiation had resolved to get John Bull out of Central America, and that the negotiations to this end had been brought to the alternative to England of a backout or a fight. This was the great feature of the message; and the importance of its developments upon this subject v,ras, if we aiistake not, the excuse of the President for sending it up to Congress in advance of the organization of the House. Yet we are told now that Crampton is the only existing ' cause or pretext for a rupture between the two countries.' Is the Central American issue, then abandoned on either side, or postponed indefinitely, or settled, or turmed over with the consent of both Governments into the hands of General Walker and the Nicaragua Accessory Transit Company? We should reallyliketoknow. Crampton is the only 'cause or per. text fora rupturel' We turn back to the affair of the steamer Caroline and the M'Ieod case, and feel fully authorized to bid the bulls of Wall-street be of gooda cheer. The world will never be set in flames about Mr. Crampton. Oh, no! But upon the Central American question how is it ? Is Marcy laughing in his sleeve at us ? Have we been sold?. Or has Mr. Pierce been frightened off by the warlike voice of Seward? These are the questions that bother Messrs, Jones and Ferguson, produce comnuision-dealers in New York, had suspended payment. Their liabilities are about $250,000, mostly owing to banks and merchants in the interior of the State. They have been recently heavy speculators in grain. The steamship IUnion was announced to leave New York on the 15th inst., for Gibraltar and other Meediterranean ports. A fire had occurred at Washington, by which one fireman was killed and several others were severely injuredbythefallingof a walL The damage wasesti. mated at $15,000. In reference to the missing steamship Pacific Captain Nye, her late commander, in a letter published in the New York papers, has given the public to understand that something unusual was not unlikely to happen to the machinery of the Pacific, from the fact stated by him that she had a new engineerfor this voyage. In reply to this Samuel Matthews, her chief engineer, in a letter dated only five days before the Pacific left Liverpool, enpresse3 entire confidence in the engines of the Pacific, and Horatio Allen, the resident engineer-inchief of the company, in a card published in the New York papers, introducing the letters of MIr. Matthews, wholly removes the insinuations thrown out by Captain Eye, and puts to rest the suspicions' which the statement of her late commander had awakened. The American State Convention had met at Providence, and had nominated the present incumbents of State offices for re-election. Strong resolutions were adopted condemning the repeal of the Missouri Compromise and the general course of the Administration towards Kansas. At Norfolk an express train went through a curve on a bridge, killing three persons and severely injuringseveral others. The train, after the accident, took fire, and was totally destroyed. Accidents and loss of life have been frequent throughout the States. Mr. Edward Everett and Dr. Kane had been received with honour at Richmond by the city government, and President Pierce was expected to attend M. Everett's oration. The Commercial Bank of Chicago had closed its doors. A bill in the Kentucky Legislature, to establish a patrol on the Ohio river, to prevent the escape of slaves, has been referred to a special committee. Mr. Nuttall advocated the bill. He said $100,000 worth of slave property had escaped fromthe border counties since Christmas. In the Virginia House of Delegates the question of the emancipation of slaves in Virginia was under consideration. One of the speakersmaintained thatthere ought to be no right to emancipate by will, except for meritorious services. He said that this right of emancipation was the right of annihilation, which the lawr did not recognize. He said a man should enjoy at his death the largest right to dispose of his property among the community as he thought proper. He maintained that the right of emancipation, which was the right of annihilation, should be very different, and that the right shoutd be withheld, except under the circumstances indicated. Colonel Garland, the treasurer of New Orleans, had taken flight, having become a defaulter to the extent of $15)0,000. He was the originator and president of the Louisiana Savings-bank. The depositors were mostly poor men and women, an immense crowd of whom gathered around the bankwhen his delinquency became known. He had cut the tele,raph wires in order to facilitate his escape. At LouisNille a steamboat collision had occurred, by which 20 persons had lost their lives. From Toronto we learn that the Legislative Council of Canada has passed to a second reading a biU to permit money to be loaned by all parties, excepting banks, at any rate of interet which may be agreed upon, the said interest to be recoverable in the courts of law. The Ministy had sustained a defeat on a motion for an inquiry into Judge Duval's charge on Sylvester's murder trial. Resolutions in favour of a prohibitory liquor law had been thrown out of the House of Assembly. A stringent license law had been adopted by a large majority. At Portland, New Brunswick, 19 houses had been destroyedby fire, and more than 80 families rendered houseless. The value of the buildings burned is estimated at something'over 3,5001., about 1,80U. of whichwas covered by insurance. Amongthelhouses burned was the ancient residence known as the Old, Simonds' House, which was the oldest in the province, having been erected in the year 1q64. Accounts from Venezuela to the 10th of February report that 15 days had elapsed since th}e day fixed by the constitution for the meeting of Congress, and still a sufficient number of members to form a quorum had not arrived. The President had submitted his message to Congress. He recommended a federal union with. New Granada and Ecuador, in compliance with the wishes of the in. habitants of the former country, who proposed this measure some time since. It was rumoured and believed in Caraccas that the Congress would break through the constitution and coubtitute Monagas President for 12 years, with full dictatorial powers. A Dutch fleet had arrived at La Guayra-it is said, to demand indemnity fiom the Venezuelan Government for demands of Dutch merchants whose houses were sacked and whose persons were maltreated last year by the populace of the city of Coro. Advices from Hayti of February 26 state that Emperor Faustin returned to the capital on the 14th, snd. immediately issued a, proclamation to the effect that he had been obliged to-" retrace his steps for a time." Commercial affairs were in a depressed state. Logwood was quoted at $72. LATEST VIA EALIFAX.. NEW YORK, EvENUXG, MARlCE 13. European news by the Arabia was published yesterday (Wednesday) at 3 o'clock. Mloney continues aburndant. Fancy stocks quiet. Sterling exchange, *109. Cotton has declined ic.; middling, Orleans quoted 10c.; middling uplands, 91c. Flour, Is. to 2r. (York) lower. NEW ORLEANS, Evzzmw, MARcH 12. Our latest European news is by the Africa. Sales to-day--8,500 bales; middling quoted 94c., and weak. SECOND DESPATCH. N'EW YORK, MAnon 13,11 r.M. Japan dates via California report that the city of Jeddo was destroyed by an earthquake on the 12th of November; 100,000 housex in ruins, and 310,000 lives lost.
THE GOYERNMENT AND ThIJ FACTORY OCCUPIEBS. - ThE EDITOR: OF TEEE TDfES. Sir,-I have observed in your Parliamentary inteUligence that Colonel Wilson Patten has obtained leave to bring in a bill to amend the present Factory Act. For some time past I have had the idea of calling attention to the proceedings of the Government and the factory inspectors, with the view of bringing the presiure of public opinion to bear against what I believe to be an arbitrary and oppressive interpretation of a somewhat ambiguous clause in the act on the one hand, and the adoption of a system fraught with much danger and evil on the other. I approach the subject perfectly free from bias, and with a sincere desire to see the law, so long as it continues the law, whether good or bad in itself, carried into execution according to its spirit and. intention, without injustice or unnecessary hardship to the employers, and in the manner most conducive to the comfort and safety of the operatives. Before, however,' coming, to the particular difficulty which has called forth Mr.FPatten's proposed measure, and which is in itse3f qauite sufficiently. important to justify its intrusion upon the attention of Parliament, I nay be permnitted to observe that I am opposed to the principle of a Factory Act at all, excepting in its limited application as the guardian of children. I know no valid reason for the particular selection of the manufactories of textile fabrics for Government inspection and the perpetual meddling of legislative interference. I cannot understand why other industries should be favoured with absolute freedom from official control and these particular ones be subjected to the hindrances of an obnox-ious system. The several processes of their manufacture are not in any especial manner injurious to health, nor do those employed in mills encounter any extraordinary risk to life or limb. There are hundreds of occupa*tions infinitely more unhealthy, and the proportions of -deaths and injuries from accident establis'h the employment of factory operatives as a comparatively safe one. If these statements be true,-and I court their contradidtion if exaggerated,-then, I say, the only Factory Act which can be defended on sound, social, ancd economic principles would be one which should confine itself to three simple enactmentsone forbidding the employment of children of very tender years; another fixing the age at which children should enter the mnills; andthe lastdefining their hours of labour until they had attained that period of lifo when they would be considered capable of judging for themselves and of determining their individual relations with their employers. Such an act would effectually preserve from misapplication the physical powers of the young, and save us, as surely as the present one, from stunted growth and weakly powers. Let there be added toit another one, enforcing an educational test of the child's ability to read and write before it should be competent to the employer to avail himself of this juveile and cheap labour, and there would result a measure comprehensive in its bearings, eminently practical in its working, evincing at once a regard for the mental as well as tho physical imnprovement of future generations, and one, moreover, that would, f believe, be accepted with gladness by all the factory occupiers in the country. The regulation of labour, which is only another word for the price of labour, is not a subject for the consideration of the Legislature. Labour is capable of defending its own rights, and must stand upon its own merits. Its growth cannot be fostered into capital by the nursing of acts of Parliament; nor, on the other hand, can its just value be depreciated by the arbitrary decision of one or other of those who have to bid for it. When, therefore, I find in the preface to the copy of the Factory Acts which I possess, a gentleman learned in the law statin'- that these acts " are the result of the just anl benevolent consideration by Parliament of the claims both of the mill occupiers and their operatives, insuring to the former the opportunity of obtaining a full day's labour, and to the latter not only religious and educational training, but also some personal comforts," I exclaim, here is a man who may be a very profound lawyer, but at least is one who knows nothing whatever of the principles or aim of legislation. I deny that there exists any act of Parliament, and I deny the possibility of there existing any act of Parliament, which can secure, in any permanent sense, to the employer a fu.ll day's labour from- his servant, un3less that servant chooses to work and is satisfied with his pay.' If Parliament will solemnly affirm that in its wisdom it can accomplish this security to a master, this inestimable boon to a servant, it may as well at once proceed to " regulate" another equally well-defined of God's laws, and ordain that "every man shall be six feet high ;" and I predict that equal measures of success would attend both enactments. I admit with the learned editor of the Factory Acts that justice is embraced in the intention, although not always in the application, of every act of the Legislature, but with benevolence our rulers, as rulers, have nothing whatever to do. And, finally, I assert that no act of Parliament can ever insure a "religious training," inasmuch as afar mightier power than any the human intellect can devise must prepare the heart of man for the reception of tlhose traths whicn shall direct his conduct aright. These fallacies of one who professes to have studied the Factory Acts will prepare the public to estimate at its right value the judgment which would extend the penalty for any infringement of the act, however unintentional, or committed through a misconception of the meaning of some obscure clause, from fine to imprisonment l I come now to the point on which the Government and the factory inspectors and the great mass of the millowners are at issue. The 21st section of the Factories' Regulation Act, 1844, enacts,-I "That every flywheel directly connected with the steamengine or water-wheel, or other mechanical power, whether in the engine-house or not, and every part of a steam-engine and water-wheel, and every hoist or teagle, near to chidch children or young prsons are lia&e to pass or be -nployed, and all parts of the mill-gearing in a factory, shall be securely fenced." Already more than one decision of the superior law courts-the last pronounced by the Lord Chief Justice-has interpreted the words " securely fenced" to mean some permanent and fixed covering of wood or other material which shall form an adequate contrivance or safeguard against aU kinds of accident. Therefore, whatever the form or nature of the machinery-whatever the position or use of the shafting or milL-gearing-whether it be vertical or horizontal-i immediate contact with the operatives employed, or far removed from their approach-it must all be closely boxeed off by the millowner, if he is to be deemed a complier with the law. Now, before I discuss'the possitaity of any arrangement which shall literally and faithfully embody all the demands, thus made upon the employer, let me direct attention to the undoubted fact that the intention of Parliament in passing these measures was to afford every reasonable -protection and safegulard.to the "childrenand inex;perieneedpersons"' employed in factories. This intention isnot only constantly recited in the preambles of the several acts, but is expressly referred to in the contested clause in question, in the words. " Near to which children or young persons are liable to pass or be employed." " But," say thelawgivers of the Homeoffice and the factory inspectors, "we care not whether the gearing in your mill is near to the em- ployment of children or young persons or not; we' care not whether this horizontal shaft is out of all possible harm's way or not; we care not whether it ever has been seen, or ever will be seen, by children or young persons ; so long as you, the owner, bring near to it any hLunan being for the purpose of oilingj cleaning, or any other purpose whatever, we insist upon the whole being covered with a material or secure fence." Will any sensible manaver that . there may not' be some other form of " secure fence " than a material one of wood or iron9. Will Lord Campbell venturie to assert that the machine itself in a cotton-factory. may not afford. the securest fence of all to the horizontal shaft revolving above it ? Will he affirnm, as the intention of Parliament in agreeing to the disputed clause, that in a case (no unusual one) where shafting is placed under the floor of thb factory, and in a separate apartment, and from which, consequently, the straps come QuT to drive the machinep, that such shafting shall all be boxed up or protected with the hooks and rods of the factory inspectors? Surelynot. Itwould be about as reasonable, to do this as to cage up in material fences the pedestrians in Cheapside to save them from the effects of a possible run-over by an omnibus. or to stitch up the mouths of all the dtuggists' assistants in the -lngdom to prevent' them from swallowving poison. Yet this is the pre- sent definition of the Iaw, and a shaft passing through even an unoccupied room to trhmmit power toa_pointbeyond it must be covered up on the demand of the inspector. -My own argument of ths question, Sir, Sholmd thus mainly rest upon the intention, of the act, ingsatheI submit,never contemplated such proceedin eGovernment are endeavouring to enforce. But there are other and. much more competent opinions than mine, which deny the practicability of covering with a material fence all the gearing of a mill, andpronouncethe system of "strap-hooks 'and ods and casings sanctioned by the inspectors as ieplete with danger and iDvil consequences. These contrivances, it is said, may by chance save one acc'dent out of a hundred, but they will render tle ninety-and-nino infinitely more horrible and distressmg; and at the same time that* they would thus aggravate the evil complained of they bring receptacles for filth and dirt into an establishment where nothing but the greatest order and the most scrupulous cleanliness should reign, they increase greatly the risks from fire, and are an encoiuragement to slovenliness and want of caution. These are the opinons publicly expressed by engineers of eminence like MIr. Fairbair and Mr. Whitworth, and they are acquiesced in by nearly every competent authority. " Yet," say the factory inspectors in their last joint report, " Mr. Fairbairn gives only a 'theoretical' opinion, and speaks without practical experience of mill working." Surely presumption, or the obstinate adherence to a crotchet, never went further than. this, in denying to the engineer whose chief reputation rests upon his practice as a factory engineer any knowledge of the subject on which his fame is built? Very true it is that in this happy land of ours there is a good deal of "theoretical" speaking; but I venture to affirm the practice has greater weight in the neighbourhood of Whitelhall than among the hard heads and practical thought of Lancashire. What is it, for instance, but " theoretical" talldng when one of those haughtypatricians -who, by a remarkable law of gravity, are always found in this country firmly seated in the high places to rule over us-say, for example, the noble Secretary for the Red-tape Department, duly crammed by a slightly angry and perhaps dyspeptic insDector-begino to talk glibly about the concerns of a factory, the said patrician all the while knowing as much about a factory as a thoroughbred racehorse may be supposed to know about law ? And I think it is not only purely ";theoretical" talldng, but very mischievous business when legislators work up in their harangues all the clap-trap about suffering humanity and the necessity of encouraging piety and virtue according to the rules of the House orthe rule of three, and at the very same time pass ill-considered and clumsy measures which Eet class against class and engender a lamentable amount of ill-will and bitterness. Better far will it be for all when the blessings of education shall have gained a more universal hold of al ranks of our society, and when in its turnthe Legislature, better instructed, shal acknowledge the wisdom of leaving untrammelled the energies of industry, ana free from its "protection" the vigour of labour. ln closing this already too long letter I distinctly disclaim every intention of overstatinga-case or constituting myself a class advocate. I have, indeed, little claim to the sympathies of the manufacturing interest, for I have written strongly in your columns against certain of its tendencies and practices. But, whatever may be the social evils discoverable in our manufacturing districts-and many of them are, perhaps, inseparable from the very newness of the comumunities, their unexampled and continuinog increase in numbers, and the marvellous rapidity of their growth to wealth and importance, -whatever may be the proved shortcomings of the master manufacturers, it is absurd to say that, as a body, they are not as desirous of avoiding accident or death to their operatives as the Legislature itself, and in the point they are now contesting I am persuaded they have a just ground of complaint agamst the Government, not only for countenancing obstructive legislation, but for vindictively prosecuting an impracticable and unintentional enactment. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. -AxflUS. M=1anchester.
DISASTEBR AT SEA. We regret to have toa vn e thetotal loss of the Mary Hartley, a bark of about 700 tons burden, thb property of Messrs. Clarke, of LiverpooL It appears that the ill-fated vessel left Liverpool on the 15th of February last year, under the command of Captain Bartlett, with a general_ cargo, bound for Arica, on the Peruvian coast. Fron the time she left Liverpool to the very moment she went down the vessel appears to have met with a continuous series of disasters. While on her outward passage she encountered; a series of contrary winds and rough weather. Alter, having gone through this, she at length made for Rio Janeiro, at which port she was obliged to put in for repairs. These repairs having been effected, she left Rio on Good Friday last year, after a detention of 10 days. Shortly after putting to sea she again encountered violent gales, and, while doubling Cape Horn, the tempest which she had to brave was most terrific for several days. She at length arrived at Arica all safe, with the exception of the loss of one 3nan, who was washed overboard during the raging of the storm, while the vessel was making the Horn. After discharginga portion of her cargo at Arica, she then sailed fQr Islay, where she discharged the rest of her cargo, and thence she sailed for Iquique, where she took in a valuable cargo on her return voyage to LiverpooL Leaving Iquique, she returned to Islay and Arica, at which places she completed her return cargo. During the whole of her passage from Avica and baclk she was again subject to the most violent gales. On the 15th of November last year she left Arica on her homeward voyage to Liverpool, and from the day she set sail she experienced a succession of heavy and violent gales, and for several days the vessel and crew were considered to be in the greatest danger. At the expiration of the fifth day. after leaving Arica the storm subsided, and the vessel made good way for the next day or two.' Shortly after this, to add to the disasters which had already befallen the ship, sickness broke out among the crew, and the vessel was compelled to pat in at Pernambuco, where she left a number of the crew iil in the hospital there. After taking on. board fresh hands at Pernambuco to make up the complement of the crew, she sailed for Liverpool on the 1st of February in the present year. From the time of her leaving Pernambaco she again encountered the most frightful gales, and for several days and nights she was tossed about without making any way, and became almost unmanageable. The violence of the storm continued day by day to inerease, and on the morning of the 13th of Febrary it had attained a most terrific height, and both the vessel and crewwere placed in the most imminent periL At length, about midday on the 13th, a tremendous sea struck the ship, and immediately sfterwards it was discovered that she had sprung a leak. As soon- as the captain discovered that the vessel was rapidly fillmng with water all hands were ordered to the pumps, but, in spite of every exertion, the water gained fearfully upon them, and the ship was seen to be sinking with extraordinary rapidity. The captain now perceiving that there was no chance of saving the vessel at onoe ordered - the boats to be lowered, and the hands had scarcely got into the boats when the ship went down, not a vestige of her remaining. This was in lat. 9 N. and long. 45 W., and about 600 miles from land. Not more than a quarter of an hour elapsed between tbe leak being discovered and the ship going down, and the crewhad barely time to get either clothing or provisions into the boats, the consequence of which was that they were left with a scanty supply of both the one and the other, the chief part of them having gone down with the ship. Thus situated, without a sail in sight, and deficient both in food and clothing, the ill-fated crew, in two open boats, 600 miles from land, with the storm raging as violently as before, were exposed to the violence of the ocean. They endeavoured as well as they could, in the absence of compass or guide, to make for some port or the sight of land, but for several days they were unable to succeed. One day during this perilous position the ca tain, who was in the long boat in company with the boys, while the crew were in another boat, perceived that the boat in which the crew were placed could not live out the violence of the storm, and consequently succeeded, but with great difficulty, in getting the crew transferred to the Ion boat. Not three mnuDteS had elapsed after their gaining the long boat before a tremendous sea strack the other boat and dashed her to pieces. The escape of the crew wfith their lives may, therefore, be regarded as miraculous. For several days the crew were tossed about in the mnanner shove described, and at length, after having been so exposed to the fury of the stormnfor six days and nights, they eventually saw land and came ashore near Demerara, for wrhich place they made, in a state of. half-starvation; for we should say that most of the provisions which were saved from the sinking ship were placed in the crew'ss boat, and were all lost when the. sea struck her. It was on the evening of the sixth day after leaving the ship that they arrived iD. Demerarain this exhaustea state. On arriving at Demerara Captain Bartlettfoundinthe harbour the ship. Bellona, loading for Liverpool, and almost readyr to sail with a full cargo. H3e at once boarded' her, and, having made ample arrangements for the comfort of his brew after their severe sufferings, and Provided for their return to Liverpool in the Bellona, he left Demerara on the 24th of February, andarrived in Liverpool, by the West IndiA mail steamer, on Friday last. Thzo-g1' to some extent recovered, he was still suffering from the exposure to which,, along with his crewv, he had been subjected.. The BeUlona sailed from l)emerara for Liverpool on the 24th of February, having the crew of the 'Mary HaSrtley on board, and is no0f daily expected in the port. The value of the cargo which the Mary Hartley had on' board when she sunk is e~stimated at between 50,0001, and 60)OOOE. Both vessel and cargo were partly insured. [Advertisement.]-The "Weeksly Dispatch,"tof Sunday next,'Mareh3O, .rilleontainanessay entitled" *' hispcraof Factien" -tlie Peae0Ltoa!erernees-" Pardfimenerta Reform,' by '< PubliCola"- "The flrit}hjal'wer; abLetter to the Arieteocaey. by *-Caustic"-t Town a''-etlers fanx thv Crimc*, 5s. Offlcc, 139, ylee-tUreet.
AGRICUJ2%7A STATISTICS. On Wednesdxy afternoon nat tce. HhHoape mra tan-Nisbet and lz. James Banks } -onsttueu tat the ,North incolnshiree,met some .of thOfrotinion at the O.wrn Exchange, Boston, -to give their ° *T'_ Yrougq Agticulttiral Statistics Bill, which will aho. ided. forw&aArL 3r. William Garfitt, jun., banker, P, -id loud The Fiight Honi. B. EUmaTToX-WIsBWt rose, ah.; p applause. He said he was happy to respond to the i made to .bim by the -chairman and others, and W& I briefly state his views upon the vanrous meagures vhirc h.u ah vimes Dec1 Drought torward respecting agricultural statistics in general, and would then endeavour to direct attention tothe manner in which the Govermuentsought to carrythat object into effect. The matter had first been brought under his notice by a gentlemana whom many of them might know well; he alluded to Mr. Sanders, of BomelHempstead. In consequence of a report thatgentlema bad made, he (Mr. Hamilton-Nisbet) waited upon Mr. Gladstone, then President of the Board of Trade, iud before the repeal of the Corn Laws ; and to lim he saidthat he considered it would be desirable to alter the mode of taking the averages of gain, because he considered the system then acted upon was entirely delusive, whereas it might be accurate if a reasonable bill for obtaining ajricultural statistcs were introduced. He further said, if the Government had a return from th occupiers of land of the acreage of the different crops, they would have a return of the produce in the country, but from it the farmers could form no such estimate of the produce of the harvest as would regulate the prices of gram throughout the year. Mr. Gladstone agreed with all he advanced upon the subject, but no means were adopted to carry out his ideas. When hlr. Milner Gibson became-President of the Board of Traile he brought the subject under that 'gentleman's notice, and endeavoured to sketch out a biM that would not be injurious to the farmers; but it was not proceeded with. Mr. Cardlwel subsequently occupied the position held by Mr. Gibson, and he (Mr. Cardwell) brought in a bilL. Since then the subject had been freely canvassed in the country, and various propostions, supported pricpally bythe Ecen ntirewsrapap tad bun pt toth. nconittee of the House of I,ords had been appointed to examuine evidence upon the subject, and that committee 'had arrived at the conclusion that agicultural statistics, to be beneficial, ought to be compulsory, and include returns of stock on the farmn, and the produce not reaped or thrashed. The Duke of Azgyll was of opinion that returns would be of no value unless they contained such information. The bill introduceW.hy-LozxL Stamley Was not one containing the whole of the zecommendations made by the committee of the House of Lords. However, he (Mr. amuilton-Nisbet) said thatif any bi clear initsprovisions were broughtin, he thoughtthefarmerswould not only supply the returns, hut supply them cheer2flslly, and at first he thought the propositioais so fair and reasonable that he felt he should be glad to assist the Government. He thought it was not intended to embody the propositions contained in the recommendation of -the conirnittee, and that in the bill there would be ro direct enactment m sisting upon the compulsory return of the amount of rro duce; but he found, on looldng over the act, that there were provisions which it was necessary the farmers should consider, and he, for one, should not give his consent to the hill in its present shape. (Hear.) The only difficulty he felt with respect to it was, howr he could support any part of it. On looking at the preamble from the beginning to the last clause, he found it was proposed to effect a return of the acreage and of the stock 'eld by each occupier, yet the manner in wrhich it vwas intended to -set about obta=ing that information was so insidious and so delusive that he wished the farmers to be on their guard against the measure. In generl, any measure relatin- to property, and which proceeded from the Board of Trzde, imposed pains and penalties nless the provisions of that measure were complied with, and he therefore looked with extreme jealousy upon any bill emanatingfrom that source. The system generally adopted by the board wasacentraizing and unjust one, and very seldom indeed of any good to the agdcultural interest. (Hear.) The right hon. speaker here alluded tor and read portions of some of the clauses of Lord Stanleys hill, dwelling upon the mostobjectionable features, particularly in clause 3 of the bill, which encts " That it shall be lawfulfor the lordsof the said cominittee from timne to time to alter the said form A," &c. Beapprehended the farmers would agree with him, that any attempt to ascertain the amount of produce before it was thrashed was perfectly delusive; and when he saw that in schedule A nothing was - stated with respect to the return of produce, but that in clause 3 the committee were empowered to " alter from time to time," he thought that clause was an. insidious one-it was as much as to say, " We will see what sort of returns we get the flirst year," and, if they were not satisfactory, there would probably the next year be a compulsory order from the Board of Trade requiring them to make" accurate" returns of produce. As tothe kind of crops described in schedule A, what were they ? He found the return was to be of wheat, barley, oats, &c., but, with respect to turnips, they were actually required to make a return almostbefore they were sown? U4ughter.) The Poor Law Board' might, if they thought fit, employ some person to go over the farmers' gronds, and if that plan were adopted, the board would probably say-"You are refractory, gentlemen; you do not make accurate returns, and we shal, therefore, pass a penal measure compelling you to do so." Then, the magistrates were empowered to summon occupiers, and examine them, and a very expensive surveyor might, if the -occupier were "refractory," be a at orer the lands of small holders, -to -w'hom a ,heavy hil for expenses might be- sent in. Sach a provision was most iniurious, most arbitrary, ,nd repulsive. (Hlear, hear.) If the bill were an honest bond ilfde measure; a sinIple enactment requiring, the ,acrea,e under cultivation tobe returned in a fair way, there would be no objection to it, and such requirtment would be reasonable; they would do what was fair and rdght, but they ought to avoid placing themselves under th'e centralizing control of any arbitrary authority, especially when' they iimght have the power of choosing their own persons to -make competent returns. Mr. Hamilton Nisbet then gave some instances of the fallacy of attempting to obtain correct returns. In America, he said, it was mere guesswork. They had been told in The Tinm-that great authority-that the quantity of corn grownin America last harvest was so enormous that it would niake up for the deficiency in this country created- by the war. Subsequently they learnt 'that the yield was not so great as ha been expected. Then, of what use were returns there? The opinions of Mr. Torr, of Riby, and other eminent practical men, went to show that any estimate of the growing crop would be entirely fallacious. (Hear.) He (Mr. Hamllton Nisbet) doubted the accuracy of the Scotch returns. Mr. 'Calloch had estimated the produce of Scotland at nearly double the quantity of the most productive harvest known. In the coiraty of Haddington, a rich .county, with ivhich he (Mr. Hamiltoni Nisbet) was well acquainted, in the ve best parishes there, the enumerator, an honest and a reputable man, returned the average of those five parishes ia 1 -without exception the greatest harvest known-as amounting to 35 bushels per acre. Now, there was not an acre of land in that district that didnot pay atleasta rent of 40s. per acre; some paid 70s. and some 41. The rents wero cheerfully paid; yet how, he would asL, if the above returns were correct, in a county growing potatoes and wheat, how was it possible for occupiers to meet their engagements and pay rent? He believed when the grain came tv be thrashed out the average would bo nearer 50 bushels than 35. The average of this country might easily be taken at 40 or 50 per cent. ander the mark, and the, consequences would be an overwhelming influx of foreign grain at atime when it was discovered that it was not wanted. He thought the Statistics Bill proposed by Lord Stanley would have very injurious effects less it were carefully considered and amended. He did not despair of having afairbill that would be of benefit to the country, but they ought not to let the President of the Board of Trade tink that they were not fully alive to their own interests, By a very simple machinery they might obtain the average quantity of corn grown in' this country without having recourse to the schodules of such a bill as the one proposed. (Hear.) After expressing aa opinion that he aid not think it was requisite to make anyreturn of stockthere was nothing to be gained by such 'a return-the speaker concluded by observing that wthat wavs seguired *aS a bill founded on clear and comprehensive principles, with no Board of Trade to override it and introduce additional enactments Without first going to Parliament for fresh powers. Mr. J. B. STANHorx then rose, and was received with loud applause. He said,-He was sure they would all join himin thanking his hon. colleague for his speech, and for the pains he had taken to point out such portions of the bill as he considered dangerous to the agricultural interest. They would perhaps allow him (Mr. Stanhope) togo back to the time in last autumn when he gave opinions he had not since seen any reason to alter-that agricultural statistics, to be perfect, ought to be divided intottwo systems; a return of the acreageunader cutivation, and of the produce per acre; but he advised them to resist the latter as inquisitorial and thoroughly falacious. He didnot see that there would be anythinginjurious in malring returnsof the acreage under cultivation. Dividing Lord Stanley's bill into three portions, it mnight be said that the first' compelled a return of the acreage under cropping. He was inclined to approve of this, because, if the returns were voluntary, some would sen the-and some, would not, so thattheeturns, in that case, would be next to none at a3L The objectionable feature, however, was that the returns were to he sent to the PoorLaw Board, by which means he feared many persons would get more information respecting the affairs of their neighbours than was desirable. He thought the most proper way would be for occupiers to have the power of sending their - returns in a sealed envelope through the country guardians to the board in London. Arriving at their destination, their examination would merely be for arithmetical purposes by clerks appointed for that purpose, and who would have enough to do withoutpryinginto the circumstances of individuals Sscondly,- as to stock; he waS of the same opinion as his hon. f-ieni that there- was. no necessity for such returns; at tlo same time he did not.think it would be particularly detrimental (if sent'in a sealed envelope), as they would have a national record of the.amount of stock in the -ingdom, and it would. show what a vast amount of money they embarked, and give some idea of the-position the farmers occupied so far as the capital of the country went. The third portion of the bll he thorougl-y disapproved. This was clause 4, where the board was empowered to send a person to ride round the country for the purpose of btaining estimates of the growsin crops-a proceeding that would prove perfectly falacious, would perhaps cost, in the aggregate, 30,0001. or 40,0001., and would be of no value whatever when procured. His general opinion of the bill was that, provided the returns could be deprived of their inquisitorial character, and not be rade known to their neighbours, they would not be injurious, It had been sxid that these returns were to b2 obtained by Gorernment, in order 'that landlords might have an opportunity of knowing better hour their 'farms were 'maged. HE had devoted '13 :years to the management of property, and it wvould, seem very strange. to hina that any landlord should be obliged to go to Government returns ' to; ageertain facts connected with''. his farms; a landlord' who felt compelled to do. this must be a fool, or his agent niust be a rogue. Ho considered that lause S of the bill, which gave power to thleboard to "alter an fIom time to time." MAI - ey thought fit, a digerous pro- vision. He also Qb%ected to the Poor law Board giving powrerto tht Xlwk to compel -persons to make. xeturns. fithTa id~t ~tDeitem-"turnips,"'he thought that, if ingtead of " turnilps, iaangold, aud carrots,"they wero alloweK -to return as "green crops," he saw iiogreat objection to that; part of the bilL In conclusion, he thought it adisable not to oppose the bill as a bill, but by Watching it ia committee endeavour to get the objectionable clauses so nodified as to, lidit of its inqusitorial nd injurious tendency. , on the l econd readmng, his hon. coUagUe and other representatives (older mnembers than himnself) of agicultul constituencies should see that great danger would arise to their interesta rom tlhe pssingof the bill, he would willingly give way 1 {fall n it her pninslAppase.)
ESTrA2 OF TRADE. .MANCESTER, XAaR27,: Tabeen a roderate business done in cloth for There aD i he '%o orders in hand for future delivry -of fihirting I mna ' s and Jaconots, and the de man shitins, aaPo'. -'turers are able tocommnand full prices sunyers are neerhlek - acting with mnuc caution, finding that foreign mas3etsres. 'nd towly, at al1, to tho demand for extra Apccordxx to ths estimate of Mesars. George pmer, Son, ai2d ;e., Yarns are nmw Id. lb. ancl-diaWinr to 101d. per piece dearertt in last October; and It wi ledl rt oe Conceived that thij is no- trif ' bar to the mAd exten.v,on of business in the mnar7heteof fudia, whieh bare in tha .teantime rev~eI large supplies of che:per goods than an Dww be obtained here. There is still some~ business in longdl'nths for Alexandria, and the home-trade houses continue .'el suppliect with orders -from the country. ln yarnz there is only a moderste business, and no change in prices.
--- THEE DUCATION ATE. TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TIMS. Sir,-In the interval during which the Education Rate Bills are lying on the tables of the Houses of Parliament, with aview, as it would seem, to allow time for considering them, if not of incitig, discussion, I am desirous. if yoU wil afford me the opportunity, to offer the testimony of my experience, as far as it goes, to the view put forward by your correspondent, " A Nottinghamshire Clergyman." I quite agree with him that the real problem to be solved is, not howr to raise the necessary fands foreducational purposes,- btLto induce the poorto avail themselves of them,not how to ereet schools, but to procure children to fiL them. The bills now before Parliament, as well as those intro. duced in former sessions, are doubtless prompted by kind a-nd patriotic motives, but are framed -with much ignoranceof the habits and feelings of our population. I have been for many years diocesan inspector of the largest deanery in this county, extending geographically from DLdley and Oldbury to the Severn,. comprising withia it the populous inanufacturing towns of Dudley, Stourbridge, Halesowen, Ridderminster, Stourport, as well as theextensive' mining districts in the northern parts of the county adjoining those of South Staffordshire, together with several rural and agricultural parshes, containing together a vast popuLation, and one -which. may fairly be assumed, from tho variety of classe which it contains, to be no inapt representative on & snmaller scale of the population of the kingdom generally, As far as this extensive district is concerned,Ihaveno hesitation in saying, that, as regardsthe mcnus of education,. the supply is considerably in advance of the demand. Owing tothefacility with which the clildren obtain employment, iz the mining and manufacturing as well as in the agricultural districts, they leave school at the very time when they ought to be beginning to learn; so that the average age rofthe first class in many schools does not exceed what should be thatofthe third9lassinagoodschooL SoDmuchisthisJ the case that I have of late in my returns omitted altogether the first class, and in some cases the second also, and rated. the actual first class as a second or third, as the case may be, in order to adjust the report to the diocesan standaW of i requirements, and to avoid the anomaly and injustice of representing the first class as defective, which it would bs as a first, while relatively, as a second or third, estimated according to the age of the children, its condition is very creditable. It is obvious that no additional school accommodation or education rate would meet this eviL Having observed the effect of the Ironmasters prizes inr the South Staffordshire districts (recommended in the first instance, I believe, by Mr. Tremenheere, and carried into' effect by Mr. Norris, Her Majestyfs inspector) in inducing parents to continue their children longer at school, I recomi mended the adoption of a similar plan to our diocesan board; and the experiment has been tried in the town of Kiddenmnnster, sabscsiptions for three years having been raised for the purpose, and also partially in soma of the agricultural parishes formed into an union for the pu-rpose. The result has been to a certain extent satisfac. tory, as showninahigher average ofthe age of theupperboys, but it will not operate on those boys who, from backwardness or want of ability, consider themselves out of the reach or these pries. Still less will it act on those hundreds of thousands who, out of the five millions between the ages of 6 and 15 who ought to ba at-school oi at worlk are reported to be at neither one nor the other. In all the schools with whichIarniacquaintedthere is room for a considerable numberbeyondthosealready taught there, and this not only in schools connected with the church, but in those. where children of all denominations are admitted indiscriminately. The main cause of this lies in the indifference of the parents (for it is ascertained that poverty does not offer any serious impediment), and their inabilityto see that ediLcation beyond a certain point is of any practical advantage to persons in their condition; or, if they do see it, it is not -ith a sense of its reality sufficient to counterbalance the temptatioi afforded by the prospect of immediate ernpiloyment, and the remuneration, however small, which it brings. The proposed education rate, therefore, is perfectly useless, unless accompanied by some provision for compelling the attendanca of the children. Those persons who are continually citing the systems pursued on the continent keep out of sight the fact that in most of these this compulsory attendance is enforced. Wlhether such a plXa would be practicable or advisable in England I am not now concerned to show; but that the rest of the measure would be utterly inoperative without it I have not the slightest doubt. It might, howrever, assist us in determining that question to bear in mrind the extreme touchiness of the poorer classes in this respect. As a general rule, the poor are by no means insensible to gratuitous kindness; but, as regards the education of their children,-whether from the anxiety we all display for it, or from whatever cause, -it is difficult to- make them undersand that we have not some interest in the matter beyond the welfare of their children. Any one who has had experienceofourNrationalScbooil is aware that whenever a parent imagines himself affronted by the managers, whether the parson or his wife, or a committee, -whether by punishing for irregular attendance, or by enforcing personal cleanliness, or the requisite cutting of the hair essentialfor cleanliness, the very first thinghe does by way of showing his resentment and of asserting his independence is to remove his child from the school. Are persons of this kdnd likely to submit quietly to a compul sory attendance ? For my own part, whatever may be the deficiencies of our present system, I see no reasonto despond. about it. -It-worlkswell asfaras itgows; andif itis not more extensively useful it is not that the meanS are deficieut or themachinery defective, but that those for whose benefit it is designed will not avail themselves of it. Theremaybe noperceptibledifferencebetween oneyearandanother, but, taldng a longer period-say, 10 years-I see a very great amount of progress; and to those who wil be content to' work in faith and patience abundant tokens of the fruit of their labour will present themselves. But if they expect to seo the fruit before the seed has had time to germinate, anastill more if, like an impatient child, they are continually digging up the seed to see if it is growing, they must, of course, meet with disappointment. It is awful to think of the hundreds of thousands who are allowed to grow up ia ignorance and vice; but if the Legislature will not step in to prevent this by superseding the parental authority, we, must wait till parents themselves are led to see the value of educati'on. It is idle to provide what they resolutely refuse to accept, and positively -njust to compel others to provide it-to say nothing of the certainty of arousing in every parish where 'ttwould be attempted to enforce the act..U the angry passions which have been excitediu some parishes. on the sulbject of church-rates, only far exceeding them in intensity. Abstractedly, few wvould deny that if the State has a right to hang a man for a crime, it has the right, a fortior, to enforce the educstion whEich would tend to prevent it. Butin these days, when firmness against popular feeling is the exception rather than the rule, it is idle to urge a menasur like the education-rate, which must depend for its success on another measure,which no statesmau in these days wouldt have the couiage, even if he had the power, to enforce, anc which no one in either house has as yet even ventured to recommend. T sm Sir- vour obeAient servant. ZEA. WO4 ) ODrA TF Belbroughton Rlectory. farch 26.
DETECTIOf OF STRIYOCHAA. TO THE EDITOP. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A.n adaitional test for the fashionable poison, of the day may not seem valueleu% especiaUy as it )a been surmised that tho ordinary test (bichromate of potash with sulphuric acid) may be, under certaih circumstances, faUacious. A few drops of pue sulphuric acid remxeMdwith an equzal buL-k of water and allowed to cooL Chlorate of potasI in fine powder is then added, and the suspected substano. introduced. If strychnia be present an intenee-oroon re colour appers, graduai.ly fading into a ro,.jViolet.. Ie priaciplo this process agrees with the ordint;;y test, but tboem.-, terials used are much less capable oF.producing any *vffte play of colours. I am, Sir, YOurs ob'edietAv J1. W . Sl9. IMP Xnxilrtel hvm!'qL - Norther Analyucal 0toP.ege1 Shefield, a ; '
TOthe CHARITAB3LE and AYFLUENT.-The Tad,'eiar is a,,xious to enliet the SYMPATHY of a few ihaNiae friends in fa-vouref a peraun who, in conseqenuzce of severe bodiyasiieton. neoliegthe hou enirelsS of might, is precluded tran lwighlproeson.andisat hepreset moment reduced to xtrme antandmisry.Theadvrtierwill be bupp to giire hit ownnase nd ddess tgeterwit toseofthe prson for whom he is leaing toanychritbleindvidal whmay be dispxsed to seqied o ths a~aL ddrae A H areof Wr. Street. stationer~ d-¶ B. uk is entreated to R91TURN' to his HROM 'k,1 xmmediately, and his wife will liye only to thank and bless hirm. -Marck 27. 1854. -?, W GRANADA BONDS.--eesr aig P ENNSYLVANIA CENTRAL RAILROA-D SIX rr CEXT. CON-VERTIEBL STERLING BiO'NDS.-The D) END WARRANTS dtue on the lit of April next, onx the YrayvoaCentral Railroad Six per Cent. CoDnvertible Sterling Bod,negotiated through T. W-igg and Co., will be PAID) on the ltoApril or any succeeding da (Friday excepted), between the .lioursof 10 and 2Zat thtlrcouriting-house, 15. Old Jewry. where hiats, .as usual, may be obtained. The warrnts mosg be left two cleaLr days .for examination, IMPERIAL TURKISH SIX per CET. LOA. ..L The Contractors of this Loan, BsronL L L. de Goldsmid and J. Hoesley Pamer. sive notioe that the F HALF-YEARLY DIVI]DEND -on the BONDS for £2,O00000, negotiated by them, due on the loth of April next, wil be PAYABLE at the office ot their agents, Means, Kase,Mckillop, Dent, and Co.. 11, YinglesAnna-yard, London, and Mean. Hachofahim,Goldschcidt, and Co., 1S. Ruse de la Chaus,ace P'ni anis, on thatday or any subsequent day (except Saturday), between the hours of nd 3. The coupons, with lists atced, must I* left for examination two Cleaw days before applying for payment. P'rinted forms of the lfats may he had otn appiication.-London, Mardh!5. 185G. and11l other foreign A RT -UNIO oif LONDON (byRoyalCharter).- Priatholders select for theamselve fron thea Pulic Exhibitlons.- subacrsiber of one guinea willlave, besidesL the chance of a prire, aN eipeie of a plate of " Harves in the Hlighlasdda, engrvedby r. iloR -& . froma the impoett aritawell-known Picture by UBr FL Lusdseer, R.A,, and SiY Aul mtxCalloo4 3.A.:ewdlvr leg beseription closes(Rasusual) lIst instant (~Mnday next). 444 WestSfand, LEWFIS POO00K. ISecretaries L'NIIND o heCRIMEA-RA LB ,U,*ei~asouae.ADIORAMIC0 TOUR fro= 3LOKA -to ZALQL&VA, hroughthe principal cities ofEuoeHm r, Berin Drsdo, raue,Baiebn,Vienna, Paethand ue h ie Danbe,thelie Gaes,Contaninole,BalaclavalHarbour n h KneapineetatBalaava:the Arac,R e,Venice. Lg,Mg glen.acroteAlpeby Monte Ross, the GleisOf isellen Gno ilsSlipio, Iterechn,the Jungfrau,GevaanupteRieo heSeeof Seva ..To ayl arnstdt F he KigBal.Tic,an fowisbog and Eel. w lrom. dyoiecgteio of Eu Wot AGnae, Pict f:ure,an Rropisb, Mr.i tasy Galery o(the Anmew teofEr),M . Opz~en ree 310 .. tor 10p.'m. Adqihusion.t the wholebidng Brsha; MhlreJ 1anfod Wcho. Tal.pIce -maci oB emas. Ji[. H.aTckyendie F. Gindoshury. : Lucy Eowh rtutesh4 fvavorie Uia donna of last sesaon). Madame Reyloff. Miss Fanny Iffadart. rerMi. Cera Eel, MisFaaurRaeyaff.Mi9sForrest, MTAmxJohnso,MXiasWood, Miss Mnter. Ac. Stage Mxnaer. XIr.Xobeet Roxby. Reduced prices asusal :-SBtall,4g. :dressboxes,. 31.; first circle and pit, 2a.; upper circle and aimphitheatre, Is.; gsAify. Gd. P~ivate boxe&, Is. Gd,e1 Is.,and£2125. rT(HEATRE -ROYAL, HAYMARKET.-THIS -L EVENING (Fdiday), and To-morrow (SaturdayU,te new comedy or THE 'YIL GENflJS. And an entirely new blet pantomnine, eutitled Ele GAMBUSIN0. or The Mexican Goleseeker. with new musidc! copsdbEsnFitzwillism and the newaceusrypainted by Mr. W. tCa mliaot iwitb the renowned Spanish Dancer, SenomiPera Nenas, with-ManueIPernl avat a New Compayfronm Madrid and Barcelona. willappear. WithlETNDMRFIVMESHLLINGS. Mr. Goigleily (his Original charasterl, Mr. Buckrstone. And JOHN JONES. R O0YAL PICSs THEATRE. - THIS EVNN,A WONDERFUL WOMAN, FAUST AND XAEGUZ3ERiTE andA PRINCE FoR AN k6Uh. To-morrow (Saturday). The Crla Brothers; The Victor Vancquished; and A. Prince for an Hour. THETRE ROYAL ADELPHI.-Begin at 7 aind .temn teItL-Gret Succes..-Crowded HDuses-Retumn oE r.Wrighk~ and Urgent Private Affalrs-The Royal Burlesque and EVENIN,- DOESTICECONOY. Gr mly r.Wright. With URGNT RIVTE FFARS.Dois, Mr. t And the grad uresueandcoicpatoimeofJAK NDTHE BEAN BTAK;or,Haleqinari Mthe GoseatHome Azain. Jackand Harlquin Maame eleto; othr Gose nd Columbine, Miss Wyndaen(isperormd b coman beoreHot Malesty and the qI¶XA REROYAL, SADLERa- WELLS.- U th Maagemnt f Mr GergeA. Webster.--On Monday, ~ark 3, a orginl rmane o inens loalinterest, entitled THLE WIEL OPORTYFOOTTEPS in hichthat unrivrAlled art?t, Mr.Leih Mrry, nd he avurie atres.Miss Fitzptrick, will ~ A LERs-WLLS.-Mr. Howard Glover begs to annunetathewill give a SERIE of ENGLIH OPERATIC FORMANES atthe ahove Theatre, commaen cing on the 19th of Magnat,andtha hehas already secured the services or Mr.aud. Mrs. BinsReees, Mr Wess,Mr. Miranda, 1tc, who, supeported. by a irxtrateBan andChous,wil perform in several of the mnost popular opera of the day. AS pplcations respectingthemausical department toloaaddressed, postpid rtoMr. Glover,athis classrooms,59. New, Oxford-street. JAA D.r-r.WILLIAM COOKE, with miungled qL.1pries6d trtification, acknoewIedgmwhimaelf richy rewardeA for a, vas amount of labour and expenditure in the, unqualifed and brilliant reception of his splendid reprementation of THE GREAT SPRING MZTS2tG AaMT NATIONAL STE]ZPLECHRASinwhich One feOat of tla new racing stud and theitr dai)ockeys keep the samditos"iei & perpetual tremor and la= ofdeigtful excitemet ieomk beginnin to dud.-AsleYs Rosel Plutestte, M,.lIL 2. (~ EA NTINALSTNDRDTHEATRE. H.Mrso (qRTS's SKETCHEOlSaindte HOwLYa LAND , rseac-, Ni.(lya.Upard0200arist. illbeemlAtoye. isph Bby cdis II~OBEBTSie ~HOLY AND5 &cthe-iz- h SKETCHES in the HL AD e on A iT.-ow-resdo*j farot t fehe Lithe orahs by Wouks Idut a onf Yehtoapp4ein May~ Is insugust;nan 6tbeforLe Crstas. crspctu of7 Dayt and Sn,9 ltvshograpragesofthextQuaeen. Gaestreetwoo AlNs)ow pulisin. zperinte ino. colours, beng a eseris, of 3,000 examples fro ,rm vaioustyls, ehibtLGingth fndtoameontalepinilesl OR ART. Rot 1, IS., 912ios,1 page s fte: vofd tet se,ad 6 woode augavngs Aso eay.impril S-o. lOt, I.A 17sor ions, im 55 pageso Mfet 8pae, n 0 odu.. Gudeond3 oplanion t essons eAr t.-Pt1, lx. Ipagesrf text, 7wood engravings. and1 plate Also, madytne. l e(y, i mpeziis5v o., cloth,le d. 7 e text, I7 p-ate fsrntin4 led (and tintd,ad- woodut.Lessns o -Part Ms Sdo, liltesoncruphav toe anbte nuec46.Gesstry exte lored,ipeil4 Ilaes,Tn tined Als redy imperial 4to., Aclh.tect. Now raes of rStLpie3.8plat,-. tin 4to. ; rart2 %May LDay nud Son, li1thograpiter to the Queen. Gs6te-atreetLLincoln's-inn-fields.; IZOOFOGICAL DIA(GRAMS. BY ir. J. PAT- AU TRSO X.Produced for the Board ofTrd Departmcent of Science and Art, for schools, insttutions, and lecturerm Ten diagrams, tach 40i by 29 inches.. foily colourd. Proepcoeso a and Son litographees to the Queen, 6, Gate-stret Lincolnda-inn-fields PHYSOLOICAL DIAGRAMS. By JOHN Faq, F.t.CS. rodcedfur the Board of Trade Depatmen of ciene an Art forschols,institutionsx, and lee- C 1HRONOLOGICAL PICTURES of ENGLISHL %- HISTORY. B3y JOHN GIL'BERT. Now ready. Part I. pcee Pr *ecese f Dyand bo, ithogesphers tothQue,, SteeL Lincoinlds-i n fed.a e COVNT-AIWN.-LVEVIEWS, pos fre; lsoThre Vewsof the Last Pantomime IQURNINRUINS o COVENTGARDEN,photo- atnsai h scenes portrayed."--Morning Advertiser. jyps fre..-Subjectgsand senes fromSe.per dozen Shippesad the trade 4ayptied. London Stereoscopic Company, 54, Chepaldid, two dOOrs '*at or Bow Church. NIEWREGSTEED AME.-TARGETTA,a nove an hihlyamuinggam, pice12gWGd; Iingolette, klayed. on 6 test mahoany board withivory rings, sandards, &-_. 5 5s. ; -~ionaaorCasle agtelis,liz Gd an sL s, Imperia Contest, 9--HURCH PREFERMENT.-WA,NTED, to PUR- * H&394 the A3)VOWSON cf a LIVING which offrs a good but, - ,ot toO Itegeresidence, sandan incomre of from £300 to £500 ayear. 'Fis h5t.referesiee can be afforded. Address faul particulars to the x6e~ IC-A.,,-earof Memss. Ticker, GreTiuie, and Tucker, solicitors St. JJ3L-1iRilAS~, n ADVWSON,withearly pseso,o ujc T OSPIITALITS ndPERSONK NE TOof the IJIO SOW am xtrardinry ONIROO7 CAS~ve*lirughto Eglad; issaret bebared ith under a Can e ha ~tey i reqired Appy bletter to Mr.AledSak rTMGSILKD)RESSERS, Calenderers, Dyers, aud JL othcem-For SALEX a capitsl SILK-DRtESSING UALENDER complete with heater cylinder, and two pa per rolls 40 inches long(a be settLer workedL by ad orpower): a convoy compet,with heateIr oyine, 34inchesln, and taken-off rolls;also a Wringing Machine and aeveqal rawe ols For particulars A&pl to Mr. Wmn. Elliott, .ena:inw, Mount Mills, Gogwell-street, St. Lu 's.. 4TENTS.-r-VAUGQHAN, British and Foreign - Pa~ent A en,9, (tiancery4lan, trasiart every descriptionL of - ecpeeedwlli atens fr inentons ponthelowest terms, - (.ETS.-Air. H. DIRCXS, Engineer, patent cc'offie (established 20 years. 12, Hoorgatetre..et, city. Pvionlorcomnplete. (Bargesmodeeate. A tract,Advicee A1RR"GIENTS with CJREDITORS.-Mr.1 M X"AALL.Solictor,of 86 Hatton-gardes, maybe0N ailUJTh). witlie view to effecting arrangments with creditorshy cant Pontimm or othewise. I) LIE totheEMBRRASED..-Mr. MAR- ..USSHA4 o 86Haton-grde, sliotorand attorney of the Court SOrRelef n IsolentDetor. ofer kis srvces to perzonis whose affirsareembrrase, t obainimmdiae rotectiosof their person aem pepetyfoi al Cunt curtan oterpreceedings, and coaduct thei busnes thrughthe our undr te ne Ac, wltouImprison. poss.-arg Cosumrs ? rce mayoti any quantity at the lowst arkt rte,ai, lx. o li, er wl: fine, 1Sa. and uliwarda ; dsmngd.aweping, andmeal hech apend be4tfood for horses, lo.elieui~~~advariua,o.herpurposes, So. to loie.p DRURY-M-WGLIS}I OPERA. Under the Mnagement of Me J. Tullc ond F. Kingsbury. THIS EVENING, ILI TOVATORHE r, The Gis Vengeanc Charaters bR LcnC ecott, ons F. Budd-Re and s.isswDyer: mbs.So A Arahawn, lIennM Dryton. aed FiaGqusreon. To conclude wnith ud.RGeRItJ: a Legend of Love. THEATRE ROYACE HYMAR. IUnder the Management of Mr. Euchaetone. THIS EVENwi THE EVIL GEONIDuS Bsly esss.Ecl;tone, Compton; . 3asc Reynolds, Swranborongir. &c, After which, EL GAMBNUSINO; or, The Mexdcan Ghldseeler. Lo be followred by LEND ME lFIVE SHILLIGS. ,. Kean. To conclude wRith JON JORES. ROYAL PRINCSS THEATRE. Ulnder te 3aiaement of hlr. Charles Keen. THISEVENNG wLl bee Alresned AWigan. Rmw ATeI whch.AUST AN])ARGUE-MRITE G. Vmpng b Mrm C. Biean. To conclude with A PRINCE FOre G HOUR. THATERZ ROYAL, ADEWELH TEIS EVENING will be presented DOMESTIC BCONOL Dr. Wrioht.- Aiter which, UBGeNT PRIVATE AsFAIRS. Tc conclude with JACK AND THE BEN SrNAE ; or, Harlequin and Dold r Goose at Hlome Agan.h ROYAL OSRPIY THEATRE. Lesee 3mr. AlSh ed Wiganr. THIS EVENNG. STwY AT HeseE-Mr. G. Vining; MrTH 8tirling. THfE; DISCRE3ET PRINC]ESS; or, TbeThreeGlae Ditffew. F LRobYOn Emery Denversb Aooper, Whiter CliAton; Maise JuliA t. George, T EHAn, ,Stor Tei Lanyd Stephen. Commence at *pat 7. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ T LEBTE ROYAL. SADHITHEAlS. lesnde anagem en Mr. Geore A. Webster. THIS EVEIDNG Will beprsnted THE LADIEO ATLECH De Grlgnon. Mr. B. Murray; Comteeee d'Autrral. Miss M. Oliver; DeonET Miss MaISron. To he folowTed by HS tIRST C tHPAGNE Alter whbich THE INVISIBILE PRINCE:* or, Island of Tranquil Dlghts. Cirith Grand A ithoniuBaet and other Entert 3inments ROYA CO RREY TO EATRE. Lereaes, r esrs. Shepherd and Crveticl t p ThIS EVENpiNG will be presented HOW WE LIVE IN THE WORLeD OF LONDN. Chamenbdedega Siohrd. fA Calth J. H. Rickarda, Widdicorob &e.; 3sissesMarioRot, E. Sanders, lc Aster which, TU(ENoAUS60) or, The Lais:r aumIe ndbie dbde with COBBLER cND ToAniR. and Legn Toont ROYAL MRYLEBONE: THEIATRE. Undot e thabe Mangement of a r.y Edwd Stirlcti. Mes Stuart, Stirling, ded for MesdarnesAnderton, Morell, Mar JLC Alter which c,ther entertainments To conclude with FAIilY A8TI3iY'S ROYAL AMPITHETRE. Lessee and Muaager, fr. W. goo die. WTHI EVENING rill be Dresented THE ARAB OF THE D}ESET AND HIS FAITHFULf STEED. Alter which, tfhe Scenes in the Circle. To conclude writh GREAT 8PRING METIG; Natonal Englislh Steeplechase. To COB SFONIEDS. Our readers are requested to observo that the price of 2Vee Z'irnes iY reduced to 4d., and that 5j. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp afixed. lUnder the amended regu]ations of the Post-offlc,e (Nio. 60) i77w Times is' transmissible by post to British colonies and foreignl counties wfithout anl impressed stamp. No notic-e can be taken of anonymous commulnicatiOnS. Whatever is intended for inserlion must be authenticated bythe name and address of the writer; not nece6anily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot undertake to retuar rejected communications. SW Thepublication of TnzTrxs commenced at 5 'clockyesterday mnornig. and Snia7ned at 19 minutes past 9.
LO-LYDON, FBIDAY, MARCH 28,1856. The last intelligence from Paris is to the effect that the late diplomatic difficulty is on the point of being settled. It will be remembered that a few days since an unexpected obstacle threatened to delay the conclusion of peace. On Saturday last the Plenipotentiaries met, with the expectation of concluding their labours. The Emr.xno;, among others, is reported to have been certain that all was over, and even to have given orders for the cannon of the Invalides to announce tne advent of peace at the same time that the Te Dmun was resounding in the churches of France for the safe delivery of the EMiPRiss. The claim of Prussia to sign the treaty on equal terms with the other Powers is said to have been the cause of this difficulty, and orders wiUl be, or have been already, despatched to the Generals at the seat of war, ordering them not to recommence hostilities, even though the 31st of March should arrive without their receiving the news of peace. Lord CrAnzXsDoir is reported to have 'resisted the Prussian claini with much earnestness, and to have insisted that this State should only adhere to the treaty in the same manner as France did to that of 1840signed without her participation. Matters now am pear to have been arranged. We cannot, therefore, anticipate anything more serious than a short delay, and trust that, 'though some days may pass before an is settled, the Plenipotentiaries will soon affix their names to a new Treaty of Paris. It is difficult fully to realize this change, so much have our habits of thought been affected by the great events of the Last three years. First-rates, gunboats, and floating batteries will be laid up in ordinary almost as soon as they have come into being. The flying squadiron will return peacefully to the shores it has just left. When the ice of the North has melted, the Russian coasts will be visited, not by hostile armaments, signalling through the fog and slowly sounding their way along the shallow waters, but by the stout trading vessels of old times. Hull and St. Petersburg -will once' more have their line of steampackets, recalled from the transport service of the East, from the carrying of Oroat labourers and lmlles, shot, shell, and military uniforms. The Baltic Coffeehouse will once more be full of busy faces; hemp and tallow, corn and linseed, wil again reach British markets without any circuitous land carriage or surreptitious consignment. Socially we shall return to the same condition of things that prevailed before 1853. Russians will appear in Paris and London, and it will almost seem as if MIE-scunKors and his mission, Silistria and Sebastopol, the hospitals of Scutari and the ditch of the Redan were a strange dream. Political hopes will not have been realized, the viions of democracy are yet to acquire substance. What the revolutions of 1848 were to the great uprising of 1789, such the wars of PRLrssZRr and SmrsoN may seem to those of NAroLzoN, WELLINGTON, and BLUOnE R. No great change will be perceptible at home or abroad. Poland, Finland, Bessarabia, the Caucasus are where they were. To those easily discouraged it may appear as if the thing that hasa been shall be-as if enthusiasm and devotion were. but vagaries in politics, soon to meet with disappointmenet and ridicule. We conceive it quite possible, therefore, that the British people will be discontented with the peace which is about to be proclaimed. Granting what its defenders state, that it is as favourable as could be expected, and may stand on its solid merits, we doubt whether it will satisfy the hopes which, rightly or wrongly, have been cherished by Englishmen. There can be no doubt that the war commenced with large expectations,-: which were increased by victory. and by the consciousness of ability to prolong the contest. It was thought that territorial concessions or even pecuniary indemnity would be the result of our exertions. But it now appears that our triumph is of a different and of a less palpable kind. Our- victories and our undiminished resources are their own reward. The defeats of the CzA.u and the dissipation of fears which had brooded over E:urope are the losses of Russia. Even though no concession had been wrung from the enemy, even though Sebactopol and Bomarsund were again to bristle with guns and shelter squadrons beneath their batteries, Russia would not be what she was. The allies have scattered two illusions-that her armies were invincible, and that her territory must be the grave of an invading force. They have shown that the increase of maritime commerce and the progress of science have made possible a campaign wvith the sea for a basis of operations, and that Russia may be at any time assailed according to the tactics of 1854. They have not only destroyed one of her navies and forbidden its reconstruction, but they have shown that naval forces in any sea are to Russia only a feeble exotic, fostered with unceasing care and mast expense, to impose on the world in time of peace, but useles3 when the day of trial comes. WWhatever may be lithe fuiture destiny of the Turkish empire, it is at least delivered f r the present from the fear of I invasion and dis-nembernent. There is, therefore, time to regenerate, if regeneration be possible. Perhaps the most solid gain of the war is the right to advise and to enforce advice on Turkey. In one sense we garrison the frontiers of the Ottoman State. For many years, unless France and England be more reckless and Russia more subtle than we can believe, the ascendancy of the Western Powers must be complete at Constantinople. Somewhat similar are our relations to Sweden. The two seas along the xhores of which Russian power has so craftily advanced are commanded by two States which have been the victims of Muscovite aggrernion, and which are now bound to us in close and natiral alliance,by the events of this war. Such a state of things could not have been hoped for three years since, and was only made possible by a convulsion like that which is about to end. Viewed dispassionately, these new alliances, the result of our exertions and victories, are of more importance than if we had severed a province from the CZAR's dominions, or restored to its savage population the supremacy over a mountain chain. While, therefore, we regret that the weight of the burden of the war on our allies, and their unwise and undignified demonstrations in favour of peace, have given to Russia better terms than she had reason to expect, we cannot believe that this war has been made in vain. Nothing that the country has done or suffered will be lost; even its shortcomings, so speedily and amply repaired, will add to its future fame. It will not be again believed that a nation must be unfit for war and incapable of a high policy because its people in time of peace devote themselves to those pursuits by which alone the advantages of peace can be attainedL These two years have shown that industry and enterprise are the surest basis on which even military power can rest. The nation which is said to have recklessly, foolishly, even sordidly neglected the art of warfare, is found, after a short term of hostilities, possessed of the largest armaments by land and sea that the world has ever seen, while military monarchies are exhausted and collapsed. This reflection alone should reconcile Englishmen I to the results about to be announced at Paris, and convince them that the blood of their countrymen has not been shed in vain. It should also convince any Envoy who may seek to delay or dissemble that there is at least one Powerboth able and willing to continue the war.
We are afraid that it is not in human nature to approach the accounts of Indian revenue in the proper spirit. These venerable documents invite the attention of historians rather than the scrutiny of journalists. They belong to remote antiquity, and should be deciphered like NzBucHADNzzsR's diary by students of Assyrian-for, without hyperbole, is not three years as remote for all practical purposes in the audit of accounts as three thousand years ? And what, in the name of common sense, is the meaning of an estimate now published for the yeFr 1854? It would seem as if the Company felt the effects of the opium on which its revenue thrives, and delighted in the hallucinations of that powerful narcotic. Time has gone back with them as with the Seven Sleepers; life is a pleasant dream, and, as some authors present us with histoies gf the.:iuture and write fietion as fact, the omraiiyp,zesents us with pro. -phecies of the past, aind.writes fact as fiction. "There are some things in that worlk which really "I cannot bring myself to believe," said an aged clergyman of aivems Travels when they first appeared;--" We really cannot tell what is the revenue of India, but, with the help of a little imagination, we shall try to divine v157 it w2iU be "two years ago " say the Directors of the East India Company. To render the matter still more unaccountable, we fina that while for the year beginning Aprl, 1854, the revenue is, as we have stated, only given as an estimate for four of the great divisions of British India, for the Presidency of ladras the actual receipts and the actual charges are presented. Wk.y this exception ? Why should not Bombay and Bengal be just as forward with their financial statements as Madras? They would in that case be still a year behind our home estimates; but, with the present facilities of travel and communication, it iB surely monstrous that the accounts of our Indian finances should be two years old. It appears that the actual revenue of India for the year ending April, 1854, was 20,000,0001., and that there was an increase of expenditure over revenue of no less than 2,000,0001. For the following year the estimate is, that the income would be only a few thousands more, while the deficiency would be half a million more. Of this enormous deficienoy oF 2,500,0001., which is even larger than that which sealed the doom of the Mxrouunx Ministry 15 years ago, Bengal is accountable for 2,230,0001. In this presidency the excess of outlay over receipts has been gradually increasing. For the year 1851 it was 1,590,0001.; for 1852 it was 1,360,0001.; in 1853 it amounted to 2,250,0001.; and the estimate for 1854-55 was as we have already stated. In citing these figures we have counted the Company's rupees as sicca rupees-the difference, if any, being trifling when we come to large numbers. The total gross revenue of Bengal for 1854 is calculated at upwards of 1,144 lacs of the Company's rupees, or, treating these as sicca, 11,440,0001. of sterling money. From this there must be deducted certain allowances and assigmunents payable out of the revenues in accordance with treatiei snd other engagements, amounting to 240,000l. Thecharges of collection amount to 2,400,0001., or 21 per cent. of the revenue, and the net result is 8,700,0G01. The estimated net revenue of the North-Western Provinces, including the Punjab and Tran-lndus terri tory, is, in like mann:er, 6,000,0001., and this, it may be observed, is the only department in which the revenue is in excews. It is more than double that of the expenditure, althopgh, when we compare the accounts of the several years,- and see how the receipts are slowly decreasing and the charges are rapidly. multiplying, it is not difficult to. anticipate *the period when here also there shall be a deficit instead of a surplus. In MLadras and in Bombay the balance is on the vrong side, just as in Bengal. The net revenue of the Bombay Presidency is estimated at 3,000,0001., which is less than its requirements by 400,0001., and here, too, as at Calcutta, the deficiency is a - growing. one. At Madras the accounts are so far advanced that for the same period we are presented with a statement of the actual, not the conjectural revenue. It was 3,500,0001., and the deficiency 480,0001. The source upon which the East India Company chiefly relies for its income is the landtax, the gross result of which is someAhere about 16,000,0001.; but in Bengal and Bombay the sale of opium rivals the land-tas in productiveness. In Bengal, indeed, this latter is the most productive of all the sources of reve- nue ; -but - the cost of collection absorbs nearly the half of it. The gross yield of 'the land revenues is 353 lacs; the grbss yield of the opium revenue is 359 lacs; but the former is colleeted at a cost of between 9 and 10 per cent., while the latter is collected at a cost of 45 per cent. This strangely Contrasts with the same items in the accounts of the Bombay Presi.- dency. Therethe land revenueyields 23Olacs ;the sale of opium passes and of opium, 101 laes' But the former costs the Company 13 per cent.; and the latter, not, as at Bengal, 45 percent., but only 2. The most expensive, however, of all the taxes of India is that of Customs as levied in the2NorthWestern Provinces. The product is nine lacs, and the cost of collecting this sum is seven laes. Surely there is some singular improvidence here ? But, while the collection of theCustoms in these provinces costs a larger sum than the collection of any other tax, the' charges for tho collection of the salt revenue are less there than any where else. It is collected at a little more than 2 per cent.; in B3engal it is collected at 29 per cent.; in Madras, at 22; in Bombay, at 13; and in the Ptunjab, at 12 per cent. The result is highest of all in Bengal, where it amounts to 139 lacs; least of all in the Punjab. The.o East - India Company are evidently hard pushed to make up their revenue, and, while they are annually 2,000,0001. in arrear, it is not improper to connect the circumstance with the fact that they are also two years in axrear. How they are to increase their receipts, and how they are to diminish their expenses, are problems that may cost them much anxiety and considerable ingenuity; but it can scarcely be expected that any additional burdens or any projected retrenchments will-avail, until a system of accounts is established that will admit of rapid check and countercheck. At present the estimates of the Company are based on the fiction that it takes half a year to communicate WithCalcutta, as in the days of CLIVE and HAsTwrGS, when, before a letter could reach London, armies might be raised, trained, and led to victory, empires unheard of coveted, grasped at, and won. How happy would some of the Indian provinces be if that mighty Begum who rises before their imagination when they think of the Company Wculd only manage her armies as she manages her accounts, and send her generals out two years after they are required, to fight battles that can never be fought again, and to gain territories that are lost irretrievably!
There are, no doubt, certain drawbacks upon a high position. We freely admit that there is an enormous deal of frippery and representation which accompanies grandeur. What is the use of the tal footman? of the fat coachmen, with their bouquets and their fuizzed wigs? of the pensive butlers, those high-church dignitaries of the diningroom? of the multitudinous flounces upon the dress of a fine lady? of Welbeek, of Chatsworth, or I of Windsor? of the jewels-in t'he Royal Crown, of the corpulent beefeaters ? Weigh all these incidents of greatnexs in the scale of pure reason. Stamp " Cui bmio?' upon your heart, and wrinkle your nose according to the received fashion of the cynical philosophers, and you will find that there is really little use in anything except a,pound of mutton per diem and a figleaf, or, as the East wind, which is blowing jvst now, whispers to us nothing of bMesopotamia and its geraniam meadows, let us rather say in a wolf's skin or two twisted into some rude covering for the }Iman form. Louis XIV., le GJmauid Monarque, understood how much wig entered into terrestrial Majesty. He knew that his own bald pate woull have proved a more deadly enemy to his power-and he was the foremoost man of his time-than M"oitonouc;H or EuGossz Imagine. Versailes to. have worn the aspect of a second-class iRailwiy - station, the courtiers who thronged the. Cil-de-Bceuf and the gorgeous. waiting-rooms of the palace to have been clothed in Philadelphian drab, and the phraseology of his Court to have rested upon the inflections of the verb tutoyer, and say whether Louis XIV. would have left a kingdom, however dilapidated; to his successor. Now, the question for us -:Englishmen as we are of the last half of the nineteenth century-is not whether or no such dominion as that exercised by Louis MY. was for the advantage of the human races but how far the pomp and representation poln which his power was based may be of advantage to ourselves in our present state of social development. Wise men despise but use the fipperies of grandeur. We can understand a state of things in which the PBiNcE ColsoRT shoulld slip on a paletot, and the QuVm of these realms put on a Dunstable bonnet, and throw a fifteenshilling shawl over her shoulders; and in which the Royal pair, thus habited, should stroll down the iall, for the purpose of opening Parliament. We have not forgotten COrsrwmL, the DE WrrTs, or GEORGE WAsmxGToN, but is the social state in which they lived the social state in which we live ? Are the requirements of their times the requirements of our time ? It is a constant complaint among the.landed gentry of our day that London, and Manchester, and Birmingham are pressing shrewdly upon their heels. The prestige of their power and the traditionary veneration in which they were held are passing away. In this statement there may be more or less of truth. It would lead us further than our space permits to consider the subject at length, but thus much, at least, is clear,-that if the landed gentry of the country choose of their own accord and of their own free wil to cast from them as ridiculous inanities the splendour and the decencies of their position, the rough good sense of the country will not be slow to act upon the theory they have suggested. We shall feel that, socially Espeaking, Mr. JoHx MoUAssEs, of Mincing-lane, rated to the income-tax at 2,000l. per annum, is just as good a man as his eciual in fortune, Sir ROGER TREFOIL, Bart., of the county of Salop, whose ancestors came over to this country -with WILLU. THr CONQuEROR. It may be very humiliating to the pride of our worshipful friend Sir ROGER that his grandeur should depend in any measure upon the javelinman whom in his quality of High Sheriff he hirea at Ss. per diem to walk in a pompous manner before himself and Him AaJEsTy's Judges of Assize; but, alas for humnan greatness I in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred such is the fact. It is a pity that this matter is not. better.. understo6d by the persons who are lmurryig on a social transition which will be camied - through quite soon enough without their help. . During the last few days two of the QuEn-'s Judges of Assize have been in open. conflict with the High Sheriffi of Norfolk and Carmarthenshire, who had refused to render to them the honours due to their official rank, aud to theQuxsw, whose authority they for the time bore. We freely grant that the most cutting things could be said about the ridicule of the wigs worn byEHEn &rjsrfs Judges of Assize, of the preposterous implements borne by thejavelinmen, and of the ridicule of a procession, when a hack cab would equally answer the purpose of conveying an elderly gentleman from the railway station to his place of business. If the gentry of England are resolved to consider these matters in the spirit of Ln&'s daughters or of PAsQuw, it is their own affair. There is many a shrewd eye watchitg their proceedings, and many a keen wit ready to take advantage of their mistakes. We are far indeed from thinking that every relic of feudal times iis-to be preserved in a tpirit of superstitious veneration- but certainty the- is a- great step .from supersiition to neglect. By all means, if any usage or costume be ludicrous or out of date, let it be reformed. By all means, if a strict adherence to ancient usage entail lavish and useless expenditure, let it be reduced and brought within the bounds of moderation. This is all very well, and if the question of the expenditure which devolves upon the Eigh Sheriffs of counties were considered in this spirit the burden might be lightened, and the prestige of their position be retained. If proper representations were made, no doubt such reforms might be carried out as would free the Sheriffs from all unnecessary expenditure. These gentlemen have, however, struck out another path for themselves. They have formed themselves into clubs, like the Militia Clubs, which underakle to payfrom the common fund the official expenses of any of the subscribers who may be so unfortunate as to be cast for the office of High Sheriff. The Suffiolk Shnevalty Asociation, among others, has devised a series of rules for the reliefof its members whenx called upon to undertake the odious office of High Sheriff andthese rules have justproved the cause of trouble to one of the subscribers to the fund. By the ninth rule it was provided that the services of the javeliuimen should be dispensd with for the future, and that order should henceforward be maintained in the courts during assizes and sessions by the county police, who were to be paid by the county for the extra duty. This regulation being in force, on the 25th of the present month Lord C"iFrBE and Mr. JusticeWIGET&N{ were met at the railway station at :Bury St. Edmund's by Mr. ADmnxw AXOmaxN7E, the High Sheriff of the county. All the accustomed ceremonial was dispensed with, and the result was that the High Sheriff was fined loo1. by Lord C7Arenxx for neglect of duty. The Lonr Cinxr JIUsTICE, with characteristic acuteness, hit th e blot in the regulations of the Suffolk Shrievalty Association. It was the duty of the Sheriffto provide proper persons to keep order in the courts. The gentry who were liable to serve had no right to shift the burden from their own shoulders upon the county, nor to employ the peace-officers for the purpose, as their services might, and undoubtedly would, be required elsewhere. On Monday last a still more ridiculous scene occurred at Carmarthen. Mr. Justice W=i&ms arrived near that town on that day to open the commission. He was met about two miles from the town by Mr. WmTAr GOODE, the UnderSheriff, in an ordinary fly. There wereno javelinmen, nor policemen, nor, as it appears, attendants of any kind. There was the UInder-Sheriff, with his hired fly, and that was all. Mr. Justice WMrr&xs refused to enter the vehicle, and drove into the town in his own carriage. The High Sheriff, Major RICE, of Iawynybrain, was absent; he was prevented, as it was said, by illness from attendance upon the Judge. Thenext day, when charging the Grand Jury, Mfr. Justice Wn.x.Axs commented in terms of well-deserved severity upon the contemptuous manner in which he-, as the representative of the SovxnxIGN, had been received, and concluded by fining the High Sheriff 1001. for neglect of duty. If the rural gentry wish to retain their position in the counties, let them be content to bear the expense and inconvenience of some little state and representation. After all, if javeliumen and trumpeters are not much needed at the present day, what is the use of HEgh Sheriffs?
The new Church Discipline Bil suggests one oblious criticism-viz., that it sweeps away existing ecclesiastical courts, without any result at all answering to what we should expect from nsuch an overthrow. We. do not say that there is. any gain in keeping up existing courts, but only that, if theyare done away with, we naturally expeet that the subversion has been resolved on for the sake of some decided advantage. WVe do not see that the bill now before Parliament achieves. this result. Ecclesiastical discipline is doubtless difficult subject-matter; but, wnether difficult or easy, this bil does not appear to us to cope with it. What is wanted in Church discipline is a more easy and inexpensive mode of dealing with clerical offences. At present the punishment of one clerical offender, however gross the case may be, is a long and expensive businesA. This must and does interfere with ecclesiastical justice, and there ought to be a cheaper and easier road to the punishment of clerical offences. That, then, is what is required. Now for the difficulties. The difficulties lie partly in the ordinary claims of justice, which are the common ground of courts, ecclesiastical and civil, and are partly peculiar to our system of ecclesiastical polity. Whenever you have justico administered you must allow-the aid of lawyers and counsel; you must admit the professional class, and, the professional class once admitted, you are more or less at their mercy, and are committed to time and expense. Again, our ecclesiastical polity is mnixed; there is the diocess, the province, ancd the CRowX. The Bishop must have his court for the trial of offences in his own diocess, otherwise he is deprived of his proper episcopal powers. The Archbishop must have his; otherwise he is not properly an Archbishop, and has not his due control over the acts of his suifragans. The CRow must have its court of final appeal, otherwise Queen VxicToRTA is not supreme in all causes, ecclesi- astical and civil,.within her dominions. Thus, the. episcopal and metropolitan systems together give us two courts, and the alliance of Church and State gives us one, making in all three courts of justice through which the clerical criminal, moral . or doctrinal, may drag his prose- cutor. To these three courts the Act of Ohurch' Discipline now in operation adds a fourth, in the shape of an introductory Commission of Inquiry. The bil before us, then, does one service in abolishing this addition of the present Act of Church Disciplne and substituting for the Commission of Inquiry the declaration of five clergymen of the diocess in which the offence is committed, to the effect that it is a case which deserves inquiry. -The existing Commission of Inquiry, moreover, besides being a gratuitous addition to an already complex system, is unfair in its constitution, consisting as it does of nominees of the . Bishop, who may be tempted on occasions to pack the. .pnel,X especially in doctrinal: cases, and | when pirty spirit runs high. -But, -beyond the abolition of this preliminary court, we do not. see what the present -biUl does eithqr to expedite or cheapen ecclesiastical justice. . It gives- power in certain cases, and with consent of both sides, to supersede a court, and allows a case to go straight to the Archbishop's Court, passing over the Bishop's; or straight to the Court of Appeal, passing over the Archbishop's Court. But this is optional ; and the first omission is, moreover, permitted now, when a Bishop by letters 'of request sends up a case at once to the Court of Arches. One word on the appointment of the IIChan"eellors".-i.e., the four assessors in the four provincial ecclesiastical courts, who will have salaries of 3,0001. a-year, with the nonmination of clerks -under them, with salaries of 6001. a-year. These will be tolerably good places as times go; and the better they are the more necessary- it is to guard against jobbing in th1e appointmont to them. It- is only fair, considering the3e are as5e3sors in cclesisatical courts, and pro- *feWdly represent the Church, that thei. appointment should be in ecclesiastical hands - ,But does a Board consisting of four Arch; bishops and a Bishop offer quite sutffiient`* wecurity against jobbing? A Prime Minis,ter i feels hinself responsible to the country for his appointments; the country's claim is a recognized thing, and his exercise of patronage is part of his whole lne of adminixtration, and enters into the position which he asamnes, and into the credit he claims before the . country. But ecclesia6tics do not feel themselves thus responsible to the country, and a stronger guard against nepotism is wanted in their case. Will an uniconnected man stand his fair chance for a " Chancellor"s ip " when competing with a son or nephew of one of these five ecclesiastical potentates?
We have received the Moniieutr of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges thereceipt of the second half of a 10l.-note (57012), for income-tax, from "C O. J. ;" also, of a 51.-note (No. 65632). and 41. 10s. in gold-together 9l. 105., tor unclaimed income-tax for the current year, from "L. -M. ;" also, of the second half of the 201.-note (No. 0-T. 09428), for unclaimed property-tax. THE FOnmcoz,NG EaSTE= Tz1r x.-Yesterday, on the termination of the holydays, the several law ofioes retumed-business, when the lists of aneas for the forthcoming Easter Term were exhibited. In the three commnDn law courts the number is only 7L At the commencement of last term the nuaber (exclusive of matters in the Crown paper was 161. In the Queen's Beaich, for next term, there are 27 rnles; last ternn there were 73. In the Court of Common Pleas the number entered is 19-; lst term there were29. AndintheCoturtofExchequerthereare25; last term there were 62. For the ensuing term there are, in the Court of Queen's Bench, 2 new-trial rules, 10 rules in the specisl paper, and 9 enlarged rules. In the Court of Com. mon Pleas, 3 enlarged rules, 7 for new trials, 1 rule for jadgment, and S demurrers entered; while in the Court of Exchequer there are twro rules in the preremlptory paper, 2in the special piper for judgment, and 5 for argument, besidec which there are 16 rules for new0 trials. There is a good deal of business in the common law courts, and the beneficia operation of the Common Law Procedure Act is being felt both in the despatch of cases and the diminished costs not charged by the profession, In actions in which judgment iS allowed to go by default the charges are trifling; and in the bill now before Parliament to amend the County CourS5 a decesed scale will be settled, so that it wilLbe a matter of consideration which is the superior Court or the County Court, for the suitor to enjoy the pleasures of itigation. THE Finn nT ToiTNmA?.-couR-oAi%.-Thae fi,r which broke out on Wednesday night in the premises of Mesrs Harrison and Co., pianoforte 3eanufacturers, situate 65, John-street, Tottenham-court-road, and No. 3, North-street-mews, reported in this journal yesterday morning, was not entirely extinguished until some hours after we went to press, consequently the damage done was greater than was at first anticipated. Avery searching inquiry was nade yesterday by the brigade authorites for the purpose of itnding out, if possible, howv the misfortune took place, hut nohing thb could be depended upon could be learnt beyondthe fa that every fire in the building bad been extinguihed some time before the outbreak was discovered in the mew;s. The flames at that period appeared to be raging in the top fioor but one in the factory, when it rapidly extended to the upper story, and penetrated the flooring of the firtfloor with such fury that the whole of the building, except the ground floor, presentedatremendous sheet of flame. The following is a copy of Mr. Braidwood's official report of the damnage done:-" Wednesday, March 26, quarter-pat S p.m., a fire happened on the premises of Messrs. James Harrison and CM,., pianoforte manufacturers, No. 3. Northstreet-mews, and 65, John-street, Tottenham-court-roadL The cause of fire unknown. Insured in the County and Atheneunm Fire-offices. Engines that attended, four of 1B, three of C, and one of the parish, and that of the West of England-office. The thre npper floors of the manufactory and contents destroyed, roof Murat off, and the ground floor damaged by fire and water. The contents of front house considerably damaged by water and hasty removaL No. 2; New-stree4, Messrs. Andrews and Spokes, tinplate-wor'ers -Skylight burnt and contents dama"ed by water - insured in the Sun. No. 9, ditto, Mr. lo%ert Woolley, coachsmith-Window-glass broken and contents damaged by water and removal; contents not insured, No. 10, ditto, Mr. Jones. sculptor-Similar damage; urinsured. Nos. 11 and 12, ditto, Messrs. Andrews and Spokes, meat screen mnalkers-Considerable damage bywater and reMoval; insured in Sun-office. No. 66, John-street, let out in tenements-Back-front damaged by fire, glass broken, ani contents inmjured by water; insured in the Sun-office. No. 64, ditto, Mr. John Melville, patent handcart mak-er-Roof and glass of workshops broken; insured in the .oaarch Fire-office." Hirsrnxr,-D AGRICa=TUnAL SoClrrY OF SCorDTAirD. -Ata speciat meeting of this society held at Edinburgh, on Wednesday, it was resolved to nominate the Emperor of the French as~an honorary associate of the society-a degree of membershipanthorizedbytheRoyal charter of inerpora. tion, but which had not been conferred during a period of 20 years. The object in view was to mark-the grateful sense -which the society entertains of the benefits conferred on agriculture by His Majesty, through the institution of the "Concours Universel" at Paris, and of acknowledging tha liberal and courteous manner in which Scotland has bee= invited to assist on that occasion. A large and influential deputation, headed bytheD)uke of Hamilton, was appointed to represent the society at the show in Paris in May next. It wras agreed to memorialize Her Majesty for a supplementay charter, to enble the society to promote the purposes of agricultural education. DBE,anDyu Accm= AT =: Lo_NoDoN DoExs.- Yesterday, about 2 o'clock, amost melancholy and fatal accident occurred at the above docks, in No. 10 Warehouse, under the following painful ircumstances:-It appears that about1o'clocktwoyoungwomenpaida visit to a brother of one of them, who is a clerk onthe establishment, for the purpose of being shown over some of the buildings towitnoss the working of a machineknown as "the hydraulic lift," and other contrivances for supersoding manual labour. Whileo the brother was engaged in another part of the warehowse, after cautioning themnasto the danger attending the slightest carelessness on their part, they inadvertently got too,near the aperture through which the mahine ("the hydradie) traveisup anddown to the various compartments oe the warehouse; holding their heads over this iole, and looding down,believingthemachienotthen to be at work, the before-n3amed instrument suddenly and instantaneously came downandinamoment severed both heads fron tLheilr bodies, the heads faling to the bottom of the building with aloud crash. The brother's feelings on seeing what had occurred may be imagned; it was with difficulty he could be restrained from jumping from nearly the top of the building to the bottom. After the lapse of a short time the heads and bodies were collected and laced in two shells, and shortly after removed to the dead= close by, to await the coroner's inquest. ROBBimy &T Xwc=n sTh.--At the Corn Exchange, Manchest-er, yesterday, the agent of a iverpool corn house was robbed of 750!. He had placed his money in a drawer while he went across the rooum to speak with a friend, and on returning, five minutes later, found that the whole hadbeen abstracted. AszxATiorN OF BERu.-Extracts from the correspondence between the Government of India and the Commissioner of Nagpore, relative to the annexation of the lSerar territory to the British territory (in continuation of former returns, were published yesterday. The lettes extend from July, 1854, to January, 1856. MEnoPoLiTAN IbiPRovmENTS.-Tshe amount of money repaid into the consolidated fund in the year 1854 by the Commissioners of Worls was 144,7471., making, with the amount paid in during 1853 and 1854, a gross total of 433,014. There were no advances made out of the consoli' dated fund, during the year. -CoxvIcTs.-The number of convicts who, siuce the passing of the Act 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 99, have received orders of lioense amounts to 5,152, of whom 447 have, after receiving such orders, been convicted of or charged with subsequent offeuces. In 179 cases the l eenses have been revoked, and in 554A they have been refused, or withheld.for misconduct. li DmioranoN OF THE LAST GIBBET.-A' dayt oC two ago the last gibbet erected in England was; demnolished by the workmen employed by the contractors raking the extensive docks for the North-Eastern Ba1. way Company upon Jarrow Stake, on the Tyne. The a person who was gibbetted at that place was William jobbing, a pitman, aged 30 years, convicted at the Durhasm Midsummer Assizes, of 1832, of being concerned with another pitman, James Armstrong (who absconded and was never apprehended), with murdering Mr. Nicholas Fairles, a magistrate, upon the road to Jarrow, on the Ist of June .m that year, and was hung that month at Durham. In the summer of 1832 there was a lengthened strilke of the pitmen of Northumberland and -Dulrham. Bitter feelings arcMcJbe. tween masters and men. Many hundreds of the faminheg of the men were turned out of their cottages and lived in thc lanes and roads in camps for months. The collieries hd to be protected by military sdc an immense number of special constables, notwithstanding which three murders and any - outrages were coudmitted upon non-ion men; and Mr. Fairles felt a victim to his zeal in endeavouring to maintain therlaw. At the time of Jobbing's trial anoldlawha been revived by the Whigs which condemned a murderer to the gibbet. Jobbing was the only pars0n, we believe, gibbetted under that act; but so great were the horror and disgust of all poarties with the sight of th^e body of the poor wretch do 1mng inA chains by the side of a public road, that great gratitude wvas expressed when the petmnen took it dowa one dark 'nlight, and either sunk it in Shields Bar or buried it under' the walls of Jarrow Mtonastery. It is, how ever, a gratifying fact, showing the progress of civilization amonE the mining population of those two counties, that though there have been several strikes among them since 182, none of those strikes have been marked byarepetition of the fearful acts of violence of that year. At one of the groat meetings of the pitmen held in the spring of'1832 tho late Marquis of Londonder.yattended on horsebackl to remon. strate with them. Bet he had a company of soldiers with him, which were in hiding in the valley. This was known to the pitmen, and the pitman that held-his horse's head as he spoke had a loaded pistol up his sleeve, in cae thj. Marquis abould wave the solders to come ur, to blow the Marquis's brains out. Forttnately, the good feeling and kind heart of the late nobleman prevai8ed, and that emer. gency did not arise,
SECOND EDITION., 1'ME TnaS-OFFICE, Fri&.y MHning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correapondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- The Congress met agai to-day for "despatch of business ;" I presume so at least, as these consecutive meetings clearly imply a deternLination to get through the Work, and with an industry -which does not flag. The question of the admission of Prusia being once arranged, by compromise or some other manner, everyone believed that no further difficulty of a serious character remained behind, and that the remaining two or three days would be devoted to the drawing up of the protocols. We all confidently counted on the Congress concluding its labours towards the close of the week, and on the offivcil orgin of the Governmentannouncingon Sunday, If not on-Saturday next, the-gladtidingstothepopumatiou eE Pat'is. Ibelieve that more than one Plenipotentiary was in the beginning of the present week of the same opinion. Various circumstances gave indication of the fact, and, a few emp?oyis in the Mfinisterial departments, who excel most in caligraphy,' received an intimation to be in readiness for special and secret service at an hour's notice. The order not to recommence hostilities without further initractions, which I mentioned yesterday as likely tobe transmitted to the Generals, was, lam assured, sent to the Baltic yesterday. The precaution was nwecesary, as time is pasing away rapidly, and it l would be cruel that blood should be flowing at the moment the Plenipotentiaries were in the very act of signing the treaty of peace, though the aignatunes might not be affixed for two or three days after the term originally assigned to the armistice. If what is said to-day be correct, the precaution of sending off in time such an order was properly adopted: It is affirmed-and I have heard it in more than one respectable quarter-that at the sitting of the Congress yesterday other difficulties arose, not -of Oourse in mountable, but sufficient, at all events, to retard the moment of a definitive settlement. the nearer the Congress approaches its end the closer and more secret its proceedings are kept; nevertheless, it is whispered that the difficulty now beforeusrelates to the question of the Principalities, -on which the Porte is not so yielding as was supposed. The Sultan does not appear to view the change in the administration of these provinces in the same light as we do,. and however provoking any new delay may be, I hardly think that we va1 venture to reproach him, the eircumnstances not being before us, when we remember that it was the resistance of Turkey which on a former occasion prevented us from accepting an arrangement which would have been all to the advantage of the Emperor Nicholas. But whether the objections raised by the Porte be well or il fomnded it is not supposed in some quarters that they can be settled before Monday, or even the middle of next week. 3MIy informant, however, only speaks from the impressions produced by what he heard of -the sitting of yesterday. Nothing has as yet transpired of what passed to-day, and after all this tantalizing uncertainty it may be brought to a close asooner than is expected. TheAon-iteurpublishes thefollowing circular from the Minister of Justice "Monsieur le Procureur-G&iiral,-Malevolence has already on several occasions spread a report that the Government contemplated either suppressing, or at least buying back, public and Ministerial offices. The Aibniteur has given She most energetic contradiction to this perfectly un. founded runour, and a journal which had propagated it was by my orders proceeded against and condemned in Paris in 185. I, nevertheless, hear that for some time past endeaYours have been made to cause uneasiness to the holders of xuch situation:, by announcing that a bill -ill Shortly le presented, having for object to interfere vwith the pos~ses3ion of those offices. Nothing is more contrary to the ntentioisp of the Emperor's Government. It respects she property of offices as weeU as every other, and it hai ever thonght of depriving the holders and their famies of what constitutes their principal resource. Be pleased give to this circular All the publicity you may think de. -sirable, and send copies of it to the chambers of the notaries, arous, haissiers, and auctioneers of your district' Yox will Ilease communicate to me wvhat you have done on -the subject. "Accept, &c., " ABBATUCCI." A Paris letter in the Ind9pendance of Brussels says:-. "All the regiments in garrison in the neighbourhood of Paris have received orders to hold themselves in readiness for a grand review. It is said that not less than 150,000 men will be assemble*. The troops which ccme from a distance wilt be quartered in the villages as far as in the Eeine-et-Ois - Arrangements are being made for receiving these soldiers for four days at the least. The artillery of the Guard-will form four batteries per regiment. It is expected that after the signature of the treaty of peace a camp will be formed at Chalons-sur-Marne, and it is certain the Imperial ;Guard are preparing for an encampment this yea.r The French ships of the line Marengo, Jena, and Jupiter, . and the frigates, Vengeance, uranie, and Syrene, reached 3Nilo on the 8th instant, on their way to Conistantinople. The steam corvette Roland left Toulon for the Bosphorns on the 2Sth instant. The follow-ing private telegraphic despatches have been recuived "MARSEILLES, ?AiRcH 26. "The la-t accounts from Constantinople state that a certxin deg,ree of agitzation prevails in the Principalities, and -the petitions praying for a fusion of the Moldo-Wallachian provinces; are increasing. " The .Siltan has transmitted by telegraph his congratulations to tbe Eiperor Napoleon on the birth of the Prince Imperial. " Two chanmberlains of the Sldtan have been dismissed for 'offering opposition to the reforms recently decreed. " Seve~ral transports with military stores on board have been wrecked in the late gales. The steam frigates which bAd left for Odessa with Russian prisoners on board had been obliged to put back into the Bosphorus, and did not leave Pgain until the l6th. " During the last fortnight S,000 English troops had arrived frojpi England. " The squadron of Admiral Stewart was expected at Constantinople.' ;1 "VIENNA, MARCH 26. It is sited that the differences which existed between Uth Papal tnrio and the Archbislop of Vienna, M. Rauseher, rsl#t'e to the conferences -which are to take place on the settlemnAt of the Concordat, have been arranged by a de. claration from Rome." " BERLINg,3Recr 27. "IL de Budberg has returned to Berlin, and was present yegterdey At a grand diplomatic dinner given by M. de festier. Duke George of Mecklenburg and the Grand DuchessaCistherine leave to-day for St. Petersburg. "The Mar,hal of the Nobles, 3£ de Rostmozcowsd, has beenTplaced'n the retired list. Prince Eristoff has been attached tsj : corpe d'armee of tb ac "The Eimiperor of Russia has left St. Petersburg for Ei4 nd." ".AD"RID, MAnRCr 26. ' he plan of Finance has been accepted by the Pro. ta party. The Governynent is decreasing the sum }s t beck rromn the Govern3nat cmptoys in consequence of the bad st3te of the linancs. "No more mention is made of Varlist movements; everything is tranquiL" We read in the Ind4pendance Be-7ge, under date TEmburg, 20th inst. .- "The merchants ofthe neutral ports have deened it advisable to suspend for some time their operations with the soats of Russia, the access of which has become dangerous la consequence of the meares lately taken, by the English squadron- for their blockade. Several merchantmen ave already been driven away by the latter, within sight of the prt of ibau. They of coure did not repeat the attempt, well knowingthat the maritime laws authorize the capture of neutral vessels endeavouring a second time to eat* a port blockaded by a naval force. Since peace s coidered certain, merchans comning from different pei4f E :n8 and pass alm ost daily through lambtrg, on their s to Rusia, fith the intention of forming esta- binei that empire. It is rather srage that, of all the nations of Burope, the English should be the most anxious to renew their relations with Russia. Report speaks of the creationof an Anglo-Russian Joint-Stock Company, disposing of a large capital, which bas applied to the Imperial Government for extensive.territorid and mining concessions. Peace once concluded, we may naturally expect to witness a grand - development of the industrial anc. commercial resources of Russia, provided the Government encourages it. The milituy authorities of Holstein have recently been ordered by the Minister of War, at Copenhagen, to accelerate as much as podsible the demolition of all the forts of Rendsburg, so that, 'ere long, this last bulwarl of the Germanic Confederation in the north of Europe shall be completely razed to the ground. The people of the two German 'Duchies remember with reget that, shortly before the revolution of 1848, General Count de Dohna came to inspct, in the name of the Military Commission of Frankfort, the fortres of Riendsburg, which was theni provided with a numerous artlery and war inaNWie of every description." The Three per Cents. dlosed to-day at 72f. 80a. for the end of the month; the 3'our-a-a-Half per Cents, at 94f. ; and the New Loan at M3f. 25c.; Orlez Railway Sharm, 1,300f.; Great Northern, 995f.; Strasburg, 985f.; New Shares, 827f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,270f.; Lyons to the Heditrranean, 1,565f.; Western of France, 900f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 758f. 75c.; Great Central of Frnce, 652f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 797f. 50c.; Bonk of Credit Mobilier, 1,5801. . Austrian Railwoys, 912f. 50c. Cours Authetique.-PARTS, March 27.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Hilf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 93f. 50c. 60c. 50c. 60c. 75c. 80c.; Threeyjer Cents., 72f. 66c. 50c. 45c. 60c.; ditto first L0an of 18O (75 per cent. paid), 72f. 50c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 3f. 5c. 10c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 5c. 10c.; Bank of France, 3,500f. ;. Creit oncieri 705f. 710f.; ditto Obligations of 5OM.,. Tenths, Three per Cents., 95f.; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Iobilier, l,580f. 1,577f. S0c. 1,573f. 75c. 1,575f. 1,5W.; Discount Bank, 6.Of. 64Sf. 75c. 647f. 50c.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 9sf. 941. 25e. ; ditho Three per Cents., 61f.; Austrian Five ner Cents., 89; Romans, 90.\ * Spnaish Interior Debt, 59g. Exchange on ILondon, atS sight, money, 25L. 37dc.; threo months, mnoney, 24f. 92Ac. THE ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (FRoM OUR OWN 0ORWUPo0D2rxT.) OA3nP BBFORE SEBAZTOBOI4 MARCH 13. Bungling quartermasters-general, cavalry commanders, who insolently refuse their colonels the permission to construct a makeshift shelter for exposed horses, and contrivers of wooden huts costing 2001. or 3001. each, and supplied to a whole army at [enormous expense to the country, should inspect the Sardinian camps and depots, which lie scattered between Balaklava, Kamara, and the Tchernaya, and learn what good organization is, and how much may be done with very small means, when goodwill, activity, and ingenuity com. bine to forward the work. The English army in the Crimea after having been famished, feverridden, and frost-bitten, during one terrible winter, through the incapacity and negligence of men in authority, is now, as every one knows, lodged, covered, and rationed as no army in the field ever was before, and at an expense which scarcely any European country except Great Britain could bear without serious enciumbrance. The work has been done by dint of money-of millions upon millions, of gold-heap upon gold-heap. John Bull, with a sore heart for the fate of his children decimated by his servants' neglect, opened his large hand, and lavished his rich store profusely and, in some cases, wastefully and prodigally. Sardinia, a small and not a wealthy State, although a most hopeful and deservedly prosperous one, could not have afforded to imitate her ally. But the gallant corps d'armee she sent out here was fortunate in having a General of great ability and resources, and a staff and officers who ably seconded his views. They looked around, saw what materials the country yielded, and profitted by the hints afforded them by Tartar dwellings. They went to the woods and cut quantities of thin branches-they dug holes in the earth to the depth of about 21 feetabove.these holes they wove the twigs into wallaand roof, and making. use of. the clay extracted, they erected neat warm huts of 'what is vulgarly called "wattleaucd dab," andfound' themselveswellprepared to meet the winter. In this manner is nearly the whole of the Sardinian army lodged. In one camp only, on the side of a rocky hill, excavation was impossible, and above-ground huts were built of stone. This was the work of some time. The gourbis, as the clay and branch huts are called, were very quickly erected. The materials once collected, six men could build one in three days, and some of the camps were entirely compIeted in that time. The six men took up their abode in the edifice they had constructed, and thenceforward theyhad nothing to do but to add as many little comforts and conveniences as possible to the shelter thus rapidly provided. To this end they have not been sparing of their labour. It would be diffid'u!t to point out anything that their means and circumstances permitted which has been left undone. The huts of the infantry contain six men, but are estimated to hold seven if necessary. Some, however, are only for five, and those of the cavalry for four. The officers live by twos and threes in a hut, and with far less space at their disposal than would -appear sufficient to an English subaltern. Elach field officer has a hut to himself; so has the fourrier or non-commissioned officer entrusted with the accounts of the company. Most of the officers' huts are built above ground, but they are chiefly very small, and colonels of battalion are found dcwelling in closets that afford but just ro6m for a bed, chair, and table-the orderly room and regimental offices being under the same roof. The doors of some of the officers' habitations are extremely neatly constructed, and provided with lock and key, and the owners have decorated and arranged the interior so as to make the most of the scanty space. One major has amused his teisure by painting his family arms on the white wall above his chimney-piece, and is proceeding with other similar adornments. Another offlicer had taken to sculpture as a pastime, and has nearly completed a Francesca di Rimini, carved in relief on a piece of white soft stone from the Malakhoffi Another is walking-stick manufacturer for the battalion, and has a number of green sticks, bent into hooks and tied with string, dangling from the roof of his cabin. Most of the huts have well-contrived little tables or sideboards to write at, and various couvenient bits of imprompth furniture manufac- tured out of boxes, barrels, and the like, and some have receptacles in the roof for stowing away baggage. It is to be observed that the Sardinian officers do not mess in their huts, which indeed are not large enough to admit of their doing so comfortably. The officers of each battalion have a large comfmon hut, where they dine and brealdast, and often pass the evening.- - In some of them- I saw newspapers; in others' chess and'"other games. The diversions of 'the men must be chiey out of doors..' On a 'fine day scarcely a man is in his hut, and cthey are t6 be seen running and jumping, and amusing themselves in various ways. Some of them are preparing to compete with their English comrades in the footraces and other athletic gamei that are shortly to take place. It is evidently part of the system in the Sardinian army to keep tho men employed in a healthy and agreeable manner. Thus gardening is very much promoted. Even at this early season, with snow covering the mountains and 'lying here and there in sunless nooks of the plain, the Sardinian camps are green and pleasant to gaze upon. .Firs, junipers, and other evergreens have been brought from the forest and planted round the huts. Yesterday, a beautiful spring day, . carts were winding down from the Woron- zow road, bringing .more uprooted trees. Raised earthen platforms have been constructed, with a turf table in the centre and circular seatcs of the same material, and others are being made. Theni there ae garades-some for fowers, and in which hyacinths are already blooming; others for vegetables, whero little is as yet visible, save a few pot-herbs. Near the -excellent residence of the commanding offlcer of a battaliona double tent,well dug out, boarded, and impervious to wet andcold-stooda rowof flower-pots, in which seeds were planted,with cleft sticks and tickets bearing the botanical name of the plant, al as neat aa if -in an English nursery-ground. But the order, cleanliness, and good taste observable in every detail of the Sardiniau camp are such as to leave an extremely favourable impression of the army, and of the nation from which it is drawn, upon the mind of any one who devotes a day to its careful inspection. . One is forcibly struck, also, on thus. visiting our Italian allies a Z'inmroviste and taldng them en deshabille, by the excellent bearing of both officers and men, and the good feeling, kindness, and respect that evidently prevail among them. In their intercourse with their inferiors, the officers never seem to forget the courtesy of the gentleman. I never yet heard a Sardinian officer swear at a soldier, nor saw one omit to aclnowledge a salute. In both these respects I think some of the officers of our army, both of high and low ranks, might take a lesson from their allies. The discipline of the Sardinian soldiers is excellent, and the -officers appear to be thoroughly up to their work, to take a business-like view of' their profession, and not to dream of sach a thing as neglecting its duties. Two-thirds of the officers proceed from military schools: those who do not must serve a certman time in the rauks, ana go through all the grades. A knowledLe of the French language-a thorough knowledge, and not a 'smatter ing-is indispensable to an officer in an army, a part of which (the Savoyards, &c.) does not speakItalian. So it is made one of the conditions of a commission. -as it ought to be in all services-and thus all the Sardinian officers speak French fluently, many of them elegantly and with scarcely a perceptiible accent, while some speak and write it like Frenchmen. The cavalry of the Sardinian corps d7armee in the Crimea consists of five squadrons, one from each of their light cavalry regiments. The squadrons are of 120 mounted men, forming a total of 600 sabres and la-nces on parade. Two long carts (pro1&nges they are called) are attached to each squadron, with the requisite number of draught horses, and these carts go every second day to the stores for forage and rations. The cavalry and artilery stables are good and convenient, built, like the huts, of materials afforded by the country, with the exception of a few planks used in some of them for roofs. But no better proof can be given of the excellence of their arrangements than the fact that, out of 4,000 horses and mules belonging to the corps d'arnde, there are at this moment only 150 sickabout the. sanie number that some of our Land. Transport divisions can show. The sick Sardinian horses are separated from' the sound ones, and are collected. at' the veterinary hospital stables. The great majolity of them suffer from mange and other akin diseases, which have been very prevalent among our horses this winter. There are also some bad cases of greasy heels-a conimoon malady in the English -camp; but of serious diseases not many, a score of glandered beasts having been shot yesterday morning. The Sardinians give their horses oats, whereas ours are for the most part fed on barley, which answers very badly, especialy at a season when they get but irregular and insufficient exarcise. There is more sickness among the Sardinians than among the English. Our percentage in the Crimea is a Little over 4 per cent., but if we include the sick at Scutari and Renkioi it will be about 5 per cent., perhaps a trifle more. The Sardinians have about 10 per cent, here and on the Bosphorus. this difference does not at first seem easy to explain, for they are well rationed, well taken care of, and have plenty of exercise and occupation. Twice every day there is a general cleaning of the camp. Huts are I swept out, clothes and bedding are shaken and ex- posed to the air, and the surface of the earth is cleared of all impurities. Certainly no camp can look cleaner or be freer from evil smells-differing much, in this latter respect, from some of the French camps. How then is it that the Sardinian army, well taken care of and judiciously organized, and more temperate in its habits than ours, has nearly twice as many sick? A variety of causes concur to prcduce the excess. The Sardinian officers will tell you that, in order to fill up the ranks of their army to the required strength, they are compelled, in a small nation like theirs, to be less particular than we can afford to be in the selection of men, and to take recruits whose health and strengthweshould not considersufficientforasoldier. There is, doubtless, something in tiis. Then, although potatoes and other fresh and preserved vegetables are issued to the Sardinians, the supply, as I recently mentioned, seems to have been temporarily insufficient, and scurvy showed itself and stil exists among them. Thirdly, the gourbis, although far superior as winter-quarters to a tent, both in a comfortable and a sanitarypoint of view, can hardly be so healthy as our better ventilated wooden huts, nor do they allow so many cubic feet of air per man. But, probably, the want of sufficient ventilation is their greatest defect. To allow of change of air thereis but a small door and alittlechimney. Before the cold weather came there was an opening at the back of each hut, just below the roof, establishing a complete current of air through the building, but that opening has been filled up, and indeed it could hardly be left open in the inclement season we have had. Although much pains have been taken with the drainage of the camps, and their sites have in most instances been selected with greatjudgiment, one or two of them are rather too low, and it must be difficilt to keep them dry. These, however, are but exceptions. The illness among the Sardinians does not appear to include a large proportion of serious malaadies, and their doctors say that a great part of the army is as healthy here as in home quarters. The spring will be the trying time. If they get over it without much fever I think we maypronounce this new system of quartering an army in winter in the field t-o be as successful as it certainly i economical. The moraZc of the Sardinian troops, both officers and men, is excellent. They are cheerful and contented. They (at least the officers) evidently regret the termination of the -war. But, however pre-- mature this may be considered, neither ,they nor the -Sardinian nation have any cause to regret the. share they have taken in the brief campaiga. They have had but 'one opportunity gf displaying their valour in the field, but then, at the Tchernaya, they showed themselves second to none in all soldierly qualities. Moreover, to any one who has been accustomed to take interest in armies and observe and compare them, it suffices to see the style and deportment of the Sardinians ia quarters to feel sure that they are good and efficient soldiers. They are at once steady and smart, respectful and manly. The officers, chiefly young men, from 25 to 3S, or at most 40, are both gentlemanly aad soldier-like, and they are indefatigablein the fulfiIrentof their duties. General della Marmora is a strildng example of this. Every nmorning at daybLeak he arrives at the :Maison Brul6e, three or four miles across country from his quarters at Eadikoi, and this no matter the season or the weather. At 7 o'clock, his subordinate Gene-. rals meet there; and the orders of the day are issue The General on duty is daily to be seen visiting the outposts, attended by an aide-de-camp and sn orderly. Colonels of regimenta als visit the out- posts belonging to their corps, and stff officers ara continually moving about the camps with a watchful eye' to the general, welfare. _.Independently of the military aptness and proficiency evinced by the Sardinians, they have displayed qualities highly valuable and useful in civil life, and the exhibition of which to other nations (for which opportunitie3 have been given by this war) cannot but elevate them in public opinion. They show much mechanical in-: genuity; thieir things are all well* made,' and at once durAble and in good taste. Their dress, accoutrements, carts, ambulance, horse-shoes, and inau&ie of all kinds are excellent. Their farriers are extremely good. They have abundance of masons, plasterers, and other artisans in their regiments, as is proved by the way in which their huts, stables, hospitals, &c., are got up. Their batteries, redoubts, field fortifications of all kinds, and parks of artillery and engineers all bear the closest inspection. In short, it is well known to all out here who have taken the trouble to inpect and inquire concerning them that Genieral della Marmoraes little army-which now numbers, all included, nearly 18,000 men, is a model that might be studied with profit by many. Since its first arrival here it has cost 1,500 men by death, and 1,000 have been sent home. A very large proportion of the deaths was from cholera, which you will remember bore hard upon them when first they were in the country. | MARCHI 14. At 1 this afternoon the chiefs of the Staff of the allied and Russian armie. again, met at Traktir Bridge-this time to sign the conditions of the armistice, which - have been finally igreed to, RtussaanJiaving,- as-Iainformoc, shown themselves tolerably pliant. The day was law, dull, and disagreeable, with a sharp northerly breeze blowing, but nevertheless a considerable number of English, French, and Sardinian officers found their way to the bridge, doubtless in hopes of a repetitfon of the canter of the 29th of February ; but if that was the bait that lured them thither they were completely disappointed. This . time there was no scouring the plain and gossipping with videttes; the aqueduct was the limit, where observance was enforced by a chain of Zouave sentries patrolling to and fro. A Russian picket was stationed at about rifle shot beyond the river, along whose further bank| Cossack and dragoon videttes were posted at short intervals. There was more variety in the Russian troops this time than last; some of the cavalry were inscarlet, and others in light blue, and some wore the gray great-coat. There was nothing else of any interest to observe, and most of the persons whom curiosity had led to the spot soon grew tired of standing at the edge of a ditch, and gazing at a distant handful of Muscovites, so turned their horses, and tried to warm themselves by a canter back to the camp. Drafts of men from Englandcontinue to come up, and scarcely a day passes upon which the camp is not once or twice enlivened by the music of the regimental bands, ;who go out to play a welcome to their newly arrived comrades. In the case of some divisions, the drafts have been so large as materially to increase their strength. Thus, the Fourth Division will shortly number 8,000 men, having received several hundred-within the last few days, aud expecting more. Upwards of 3,000 have arrived during the Last day or so, and we are told that a far larger number are at Malta, .about to embark for the Crimea. This the warlike organ, does not look much like peace. Nevertheless, the general conviction here is, that peace will be made, since we learn that Russia agrees to the destruction of Nicolaieff, which was expected to be a great stumbling block in the negotiations. MARCH 15. A little snow fell yesterday evening, and the wind, blow orongly from +t.o .OrTh,-brin-einwith it severe frost. At 8 this morning the thermometer, hanging inside a closed hut, with7 a good fire, stood at 20 deg. Fahrenheit. This, however, gives but an imperfect idea of the cold out of doors, nor would the fall of the quicksilver in the open air give a much better one. It is wind that makes cold keenly felt and difficult to bear, and the northern whistles just now across the bleak plateau as keenly as if bent on amputating the noses and ears of all it meets. There is, fortunately, a bright sun to temper its rigour. TURY. (FPROM OUR OWN CO_RExOrDENT.) CONSTANTIOPLE, MlARcu 17. Yesterday morning General Vivian arrived here from Kertch on his way to England. Ile intends proceeding this afternoon by the French packet Gange to Marseilles: He is accompanied by Dr. McPherson, the principal medical officer of the Contingent, who has come down on a tour of inspection of the medical departments of the different corps under his jurisdiction, and with the view of establishing a medical staff for the Polish legion. General Vivian is still suffering. He had some weeks ago determination of the blood to the head, and has not quite recovered from its consequences, which induced his medical advisers to recommend him change of air. The armistice affords an opportunity for it, and he can absent himself for a short time without any detriment to the difficult problem which he has undertaken to solve. All accounts agree that he has already succeeded in his task, and that he leaves the Turldsh Contingent in as efficient a state as any body of troops can be. If one remembers the obstacles he had to encounter in and out of the Contingent, the result of his labours must be as satisfactory to himself as it is to his country. The past week has been conspicuous by the arrival of notabilities. Besides General Vivian, General Smith has arrived from England,. and is proceeding to-day or to-morrow to Shumla to res ume the command of the Bashi-Bazouks. General Della Marmora also passed through: he arrved on Thursday and left again on Friday. Count Zamoyski has likewise come, and held a review of the 1st battalion of the Polish Legion at Scutari. Of Oinar Pasha's arrival from Trebizonde I iformed you in my last letter. The law for the affranchisement of the gipsies, or Zingari, in Wallachia, has been published. As all the serfs belonging to the State domains and to the monasteries have been emancipated previously, this law has only reference to those who are still the property of private individuals; they are in all 18.621 families, and the conditions of their affranchisement imilar to-those fiied some- time-ago- for Molda-via.: The proprietors will receive 10 ducats per head. This inrdmnity is to be paid in cash up to the sum of .5_0. dicats, beginning from the proprietors: who .possess from one to five families of Zingari, and thus progressively up to the indemnity of 500 ducal . The proprietors who have a right to more than 500 ducats will receive bonds on the State of 200 ducats each, bringing in five per cent. a year, payable from July, 1857. The capital itself will be repaid by means of a lottery, in which the number of bonds to be redeemed will be drawu by lot according to the funds of which the caisse of indemnity will be able to dispose. The serfs affranchiseL. by the present law will have to pay the taxes like other svbjects,and the taxes will be united with -the funds assigned by the previous law of 1847, which affranchised . the serfs of the -State domains, for the abolition of- serfdom. Thus the contributions of all gypsies, with the exception of three piastres per head for communal expenses, will be applied to this purpose, The fund thus created will be kept distinct under the a I- mnijistration of the Metropolitan and five members named from among the notabilities of the country. The names of those proprietors who will enfrachise their serfs without indeminitywill-beinscribed in letters of gold in a special register, of whioh four copies will be made, one to be kept by the Metropolitan, and the three others by the three Bishops of Wallachia. The Piesse c7Orient contains a letter from Elupatoia contai7ning details of the gale on the 6th of Mlarch, and the following days. Several vessel went on shore; an English three-master, chartered by the French -Government and marked P.M., a French transport, No. 109, and an Austrian brig, the Romolo, chartered by the French GovernInent, went on shore and broke to pieces. The two French steamers the Christophe Colomb and the Montezuma, which took on board the Russian prisoners belonging to the French, went up the Bosphorui on Friday last. They are going to ba exchanged at Odessa. Among t.he number is General Kokonovitch, taken at Kinburn. As the French have no general officers to redeem the proportion has been, I hear, fixed that a general officer is equivalent to two field or four sdbaltern officers, or else 40 privates. On Friday last the Mussulmans celebrated the Festival of Kandil-Guedjeci (night of candles), which precedes the Ramadan by 50 days. All the public buildings were illuminated the night before, and the next day the usual visits of etiquette took place among the functionhies. This festival has caused [a short respite in politics. " For the last few days we have been visited by - quinoetil nalou, -whiolh anlmout impoa&aLhe conmmunication with Scutari, except by steamers. The improvement in the French hospitals is still continuing. Evidently the sickness must have reached its climax, and for the last few days a regular decrease shows itself, which exciteshopesforthe better. IEARCH 18. The mail to England has been delayed on account of the non-arrival of the mail from the Crimea. This latter must be detained by the bad weather; while I am writing it is still blowing a gale from the north-east. The Severn, which left this the day before yesterday, bad to put back. The gale was so violent that this powerful steamer could not make way against it. Miss Nightingale, who was on board, has again disembarked. Yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock a salute of 101 guns from the French men of war in port announced to the town the news of the birth of an heir to the throne of France. All the vessels were decorated with flags, and the general order of the day ordered a distribution of Wine to the French troops. Today, at noon, 21 guns were fired from Galata-Serai and Scutari, as a tribute to these signs of rejoicings. Last night a lire broke out at the Porte, and con[sumed several of the apartments, including the room where the sittings of the Council of State are held. _ AUSTRIA. (mOM O0 OWN COR OD .) V 4INA, 3&rcun 23. MIy more recent correspondence ?as conitainied some little authentic information relative to the proposed re-organization of the Danubian Principalities,- and a letter which has been received by the Oestkrreiahische Zeitung from Bucharest throws further light on a subject which is of greater inportance than people are generally inclined to believe. It is confessedly the object of the Allied Poi;ir to loosen, if not entirely to sever, the ties which. have so long connected -loldavia and Wallachia with Russia, but it seems as if the Constantinople diplomatists had resolved to frumtrato tho plum -f their reapective Governments. A summary of the various resolutions adbpted bythe Committee, which was some time since formed at Constantinople for regulating the affairs of Moldavia. and Wallachia, will now be given, and you will not fail to observe that some of them are in direct opposition to the various treaties concluded between the Porte and the Principalities and to the Eatti Sherifj% which was published by Sultan Mahmoud in 1834. The report of the Constantinople Committee was :- "1. As aU the Turco-Ruwssian treaties have been rendered null and void by the present war, the organic statutes of Moldavia and Wallachia, which are based on thos, treaties, must be considered suppressed (supprimis). "2. Provincial comnnittees will be summoned to Constantinople, and it will be their duty to draw up, under the superintendence of the Porte, nets organic statutes for the two Principalities. " 3. When the term fixed by the treaty of Bata-lman has expired, the present 3ospodars will have to quit office. "4. The Porte, during the interregnum, will appoint Eaimakans, who will, as long as they remain in office, have Turkish commissaries attiched to them. *<5. After the method ofthe election of the new Princes has been determined, and a Senate constituted, the latter shall propose three candidates, chosen from the more distinguished families, and one of them will be nominated Prince by the Porte. "1 6. The Princes of Moldavia and Wallachia, who shall be chosen for life, can ouly be deposed if convicted of high treason. " 7. The Princes have to appoint the chiefs of the diffe. rent branches ofthe Administration, and every one, excep7ing foreigners, shall be eligible to Government offices. "8. The Porte will confirm the ancient privileges of the Principalities, andunder no pretence and in no manner meddle in the internal affairs of the same. "' 9. Both Princes to be at liberty to send representatives of their own choice to the Porte. " 10. The civil list to be fixed. " IL No Power to exercise any exclusive protectorate. cc 12. After the nevv Princes have taken the reins of GoTernment into their hands, and the new laws have come into operation, the number of troops necessary for the defence of the frontiers shall be decided on; the number, ihaving been once fixed, cannot be changed without the consent of the Porte. "13. There shall beno fortresses on the left bank of the Danube, and the quarantines shall not be kept up. "14. The amount of tribute to be definitively fixed. "16. Foreigners will be allowed to acquire landed property, but they will have to psy the same taxes as the other landed proprietors. " 16. The inhabitants of the principalities will, without any exception, have to pay the land-tax. "17. As the Principalities form an integral part of the Ottoman Empire, al the measures taken in Tarkey for the public welfare wilbe v.llid in the Principalities" We are told that the foregoing resolutions made a very unfavourable impression in Wallachia, as Prince Stirbey, " at the general desire of the people," had previously proposed to the Porte and the allied Powers :-1 The union of Moldavia and Wlachia. 2. The Hospodariate to be hereditary. 3. Abolition of all and every Protectorate, and instead of it -the guarante. of tho great Powers. 4. The MoldoWwllachi4n territory to be declared neutral ground. Prince Ghika, the Hospodar of N oldavia,-does not object to the project of the Constantinople Comnittee. :It is also rumoured that the Porte is to have the right to occupy the frontiers of Moldavia in case of war, but the report requires confimation. The Fremdem Blatt learns, that credible persons, residing in the western part of the Russian province of Bessarabia, have informed their Bucharestfriends that not only the peasants, but also the landed proprietors; are overjoyed at the idea of escaping from the heavy yoke of Russia. The Hospodar Stirbey, who is resolved, if possible, to form for himself a numerous and - influential party in Wallachia, has nominated many new Boyardas and raised others in rank: The number of persons thus favoured is 182. Yesterday evening the news of the prohibition, in Paris, of all business in the shares of the:Austrian Credit Bank reached this city, and a most depress- A An analysis of the documents alluded to waa forwarded a few days since. t This article is in contradiction to Article 8. ing effect it has produced on the speculators -a la hauqs-, ;as they foresee that' a ast numnber of si.s - will speedily find their way back from) Franoe, and also from Germany, to this country. Thoe persons, however, who have iavested their capital in Credit Bank Shares, becaune they expect, to get good interest for their money, are by no means. likely to be disappointed in their expectations. Les noise is made about the Theiss Railroad than about any other projected line, but stil It is that in which the Austrian nobles, and many of the first r-erman firms, are most inclined to invest theircapital. Five or six of the Archdukes, among whom is the Governor of Hungary, are concerned to a very considerable amount, and you will be the less surprised to hear that such is the case when you learn that the same company will be permitted to continue the railroad from Aral to Hermannstadt and Kronatadt. The Sazons in Tranylvania will have a share in the undertaing, but the concession which they have demandei will not be granted to them by the Minister, who has resolved, in as far as it is possible, to avoid bringing new companies into the field. The plan .of the Austrian Goverinment is to induce the MIoldavians to undertake to continue the railroad from Kronstadt to Galatz, and to obtain the promise of theWallachian Divantoform arailwayfrom Kronstadtto Bncharet. Iftheplanshouldbe realized,the Principalities will obtain their manufactured. goods from Austria and Germany, and send a great part of their raw produce into the Austriau provinocs for sale. - - Little is known of Transylvania by foreigners, but experienced geologists assure methatno country in Europe, excepting England and Belgium, is so rch in miiierais; aid more particularly in iron an* coal. It is whispered here that the Ministers of the Interior and Finances do not pull well together, and it is very likely that such is the case. The typhus has ceased to be epidemic, but the Viennese are now suffering from inflaenza, which is often a serious illness in this unhealthy city. The general hospital, of which mention was made yesterday, has room for 2,000 patients. There are 10 wards or divisions, and 10 " clinic3" (as they are technically called), with 30 physicians and: surgeons in chief, numnerours assistants; and 200 nurse and porters. Dr. Helm, the newly appointed director, is a man of first-rate taent, and remarkably fearless in the discharge of his duty, but still be was the person who was proposed by almost all the Imperial authorities, and particularly recommended by the 3Minister of the Interior to the Emperor. His colleagues, with whom he is very popular, profess tobe quite at a loss to understand how it happened that the choice of Government chanice to fall on a man who is not connected 'with any high Families and is far tooproudto cury favour with any one. A preacher belonging to the so-called Lazarus order, a few days sinCe thus elegantly expressed himself" The Concordat is a gate to Heaven, but so 1all and narrow that one must stoop and creep in order to get through it. Austria is, however, about to open a gate of gigantic proportions, which leads straight to Rell-and it is called 'Freedom of Trade' (Getcerbe-F7 eikeit." RUSSIA. A St. 3Petersburg letter of the 18th says:- " The Emperor Alexander is about to malke an exrcirsioxL into Finland to inspect the worls which defend the coasts, and to visit the interior of that province. All the military commamders on the coasts of the Baltic, the Gulf of Finland, the Gulf of Bothnia, and the White Sea, hLve receivedorders, -in consequence of. the re-establishnent of the blockaae, to carry out their instructions for the defence of the ports and coasts, as on previous occasions." - The PE'ncess Pask4witsch, widolw of the Marshal, iu 'consequence of an invitation which General Gortschakoffhimself carried to. her at Ivangorod, her place of retreat, has returned -toWarsaw,. whem, an apartment has beei placed at her dispo- l in ths viceregal valace. Heryungsest daughte, The-Pridn cess Dobano6-Rostb7flhk,7has gone k~ Za t. Petersburg; while her other two children, General Prince Theodore, aide-de-camp to the Emperor, and Princess Wolkonska, remain with their mother.I AMYERICA.' (nv xr.zICrc ixan".&U.) IiVERPOU L, FnRIDAY M oR.UG. The Baltic has arrived, with advices from New York to the 15th inst., and $273,661 specie. The City of Edinburgh was pased going into New York. The Arabia had arrived at Boston, andl the Ericmson at New York. There are no tidings of the Pacific. There is no political news. The Kansas Free State Legilature was organized on the 4th. The Governor counselled entire obedience to the Federal authority. Everything was quiet, but an outbrealk was anticipated at aly moment. Rifles and cannon intended for the Free State men had been captured at Lexington. 28,000 bales of cotton had been destroyed by fire at New Orleans. The advices by the Northern Light from California were to the 20th nit. She had on freight 272,5n3 dollars. A shock of earthquake was felt at San Francisco on the 15th of February. The damage was slight. The markets had slightly improved, and the mines were yielding largely. Money was easier. President Pierce's message had caused a good deal of excitement and. a large amount of political speculation at Belize, Hondumras. The Legislatura had proposed to tax rum and sugar. Cochineal andi indigo were scarce. The New York money-market continued well EUp. plied with capital, and an active business was being done at previous rates. The stock market was depressed. Sterling exchange was firmn at 92 to 9 p In cotton a further decine of an eighth cent had taL^n place. The market for flour was dull, ana declning. In other articles there was no particular change. Freights remained firm. ECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FRosr 0n oww corxSSrosxN,sTa.) SOUTEAEPTON, FRiDAY XoNwm. Arive L-Atalanta, steaner, from vavre; SouthWestern, steamer, from Jersey. Sailed-City of the Sultan, for Liverpool; Duke of Cornwall, steamer, for Dublin. LIVERPOOL, FEIDAY MIOnnni2G. wind S. Arrived.-Tanjore, from Alexandria. Sdled.-Pilot Eiih, for AspinwalL Wind E. Arrived.-Xapid, fromn Catania; Pandora,- from St, Michaers; Hariet, from Valencia. (BY SUBlAMnM MAB DnprrlSH TZaGRABn.) GRAVIiSEND, FRIDAY, 9.45 ALx. Wind E.N.E, cloudy; tide four houis' ebb. Sailed, March 27.-Vanguard, for Mauritius. DEALT, FRiDAY, 9.23 A.M. Wind N.E., frah. Passed.:-tanticleer, from London; forlTewfoundland. - STOCK EXCHANGE. FRIDAY MOHNUG, 11 oCLo. CYonsols-for Money .. 92k to 92* ConsolsforAccount (April10) ... 92 to 92
FRANCE. the AseMfc NationaZe contains the following article on-the condtion of the French army in the Crimea.- - "The -tile of Ihe Tine wbict the Moniteur has answered did not escape our attentioL. 27wi Times is not the only Englishjournal whose correspondents have painted in the most gloomy colours the _situation of our troops in tkeCrimes. Without being entirely void of foundation, sa we beebythe reply of the official journal4 these accounts me evidently exagrAed. We kad no wish to reproduce them, altough we alluded to therwot one or two occasions, in expresing our wishosfor a sp6edy peace. But, allowing for exaggeration, -it is certain that our army has been cruelly tried this winter, notwithstanding the solicitide of which it h kas- been the object. Siclmess bas beerc more :froquent, more maignant than last yw,- and- everything -proes that in - the hospitals the deaths-:ave been much more niumerous. The Monitcur acounts for this,-by the unhealthy situation of our present encampment. Tom this cause must be added the in4.leucy of the season, which in the Crimea has been of the wotst nature. Finally, if in the past year the fatigues and dangrs 'of the siege were, added to the rigours of win. rer, our sdiers found in thosevery perils an excitement which is wanting to-day. The slightest event of the strug glI in which they were engaged resounded over the entire world. Every arrival conveyed to them proofs of sympathy ad admiration. The grandeur of the task in which they were engaged, amid so many difEculties, and under the eyes of attentive Europe,. doubled their strength and energy. For three months past matters ha-e changed, and it is not towards the Crimea that the ey,1 of all are cast. This new situation. has naturally had its influence on the sanitary condition of the army. But if public attention is withdrawn from the theatre of war, and has taken another -direction, France has notforgottenthose of herchildrenLwho -are detained by the requirements of politics on the shores of -theBosphorusortheplains of the Crime. Thecrueltrials of 'i*s exceptionl winter have been supported by them with a .eovr&, a constancy, above all pralse. Never have the sentiments of duty, discipline, the tme military spirit, been .carried to a further extent. In the struggle which they sustain to-day against sickness our soldiers are not less admirable than at the asault or on the field of batla; s.nd fi1o countrywill riake no distinction between those who served it with equal devotion and heroism in circumstances so dif-ferent. . The Manimnw informs us that the condition has improved. We rejoioe sincerely at this, but we wait still better news, for we believe that it wiil soon be possible to teninale those sufferings. Peace wil give the signal of rn to-our brave soldiers, and the month will not con-cluAe, if wre believe in our hopes, without the telegraph -.onveying to them orders to leave those inhospitable shores, where the dead destroy the living. The day is not far distant when France wil prove to the soldiers of the Crinamc that she. has not forgotten them."
- THE TRAFFIC I WOMEN. TO TRE EDITOR OF THE TnEs. Sir,-I a leading article of 2%e 2Tmes (Thursday, March 20) you have commented with just horror and indignation on the infamous traffic in young girls, at this time carried on to a greater extent than can be conceived or believed by tfose who sit at home, iatrenched round by all the sanctities of domestio life and all the safeguards of virtue. In the course of the judicia inquiry which gave rise to your remarks it was stated publicly tEhat this trafflc has become & "system," and a source of-profit; that the law cannot rech it; and that without the intervention of our Foreign Minister it is not liky to be put down. That such an infamous traffic does exist has long been well known to me and toothers. Not only is it true that English girls are inveigled out of this country in such numbers that, as Iremember, an asociation was formed inParis to protect them; but it is not less true that for the same hozrible perpose girls are brought over to England from France. from Belgium, from Germany; it is, in fact, a trade under all the conditions of export and import-a trade which, if not legalized, is tolerated; and I hav- myself heard it, I will not say defended, but accounted for, ex'cused, as the necessary, inevitable regult of certain permitted socixl ijoec. When several trials relative to these foreign Tictims -were reported two or three years ago, and sent a strong shudder of horror and disgust through our virtuous society, SK Tims was'blamed by some persons for the publcity given to the circumstances and the severity of its commenta; but others who- recoiled from such details felt wisely grateful for the exposure of such. unmanly vice, and for the aannty scorn and detestation with which it was sted - In this recent case, not women7only, but all right-minded udgencrous men have reason to thank you for the part ,you have taken. You 'conclude your denunciation by an ijpepl t& Englishwomen. and (printin5r the word-in pit,lz -to enforce your appeal) you require that Englishwonmen should " lay to hert " such a state of things, and use their -:Utmostpowerto stop the progress of thisenormous wrong. I am an Englishwoman, and, in common with many other Englishwomen, feel the shame and horror of such a state of things; but -w you, -who thus appeal to us, or will sny of your correspondents;- point out what itis our duty to do ?-how -we are expected to act, to speak, or even to think onsuchaubjects? We have been toldheretoforebymenwhom we respectthat it becomes womento.beabsolutely silent on such revolting topics -to ignore, or rather to affectto ignore, such a "state of things" as you allude to. We have been Aold that, in virtuous women, it is a breach of feminine delicacy even to suppose the existence of certain outcasts of our own sex, or of certain exemptions in regard to vicious indulgence assumed by yours; in short, that, as women of Tirtue, we have nothing to do with such questions, though we know, too well, how deeply they affect us, how terribly n:ear they approach us- personally, how the far-reaching contagion of such covert vice involves in some form or other the peace of our " virtuous' homes, the fidelity of our husbands, the health and morality, of our sons, the innocence of our daughters. We have been allowed, indeed, -to patronize penitentiaries, to read chapters of the Bible, and. distribut lugubrious tracts to wretched, sullen, disordered victims; but, meantime, we are told-I have myself been teld, half pityingly, half sneeringly-that for every one unhappy creature we rescue out of the streets two will be at once supplied to fill up the vacancy; that this " state of things" is a necesary social evil; and that we virtuous woeen had better not meddle with it, lest worse befall us. So it has been said in former times; but it seems, from the appeal you, make to us, that in these days Englishwomen may feel, may thinlr, may speak out on such subjects; may, without reproach, take such a part in their -iscussion as becomes the members of a Christian and civilized community. But what are we to do, where law is weak, where custom is strong, where opinion is cowardly Cr wavering, where our very knowledge involves an imputationonourfemninine decorum-what arewe to do? Apopulr journal, in reference-to this trial, intimated that where the Iaw cannotreach themn it is permitted to take the chastisementof such vile panders-andprocuressesinto our own hands. I)oes this mean that they should be pilloried or pummelled to death in our public streets? I believe this would be their fate if they were once recognized, but where would be the justice of it? Shall we atone those who minister to vice and pare those who practise it? -That class of wretches whose sole and profitable occupation it is to hunt down and ensnare victims becomes, we are told, more and more numerous, more and more audacious; but for whom are the victims hunted -down ind ensnared, imported and exported as so much 7nerchandise? So long as the market exists the -article will be supplied-tell us, therefore, what are we to -do? The education of your sons does not rest with us. In -the achooIs where boys are colleted together, generally far -oat of the reach of pure, healthy.female societyand influence, ,the first thing they learn is to despise girls; and the jecond, to regard the ximpetticoated half of the ibunan species as destined for their service -or their pleesure hence in the higher and better educated claes early impressions which leid to the most selfish and cruel mistakeg in regard to the true position of women, and in the lower raore ignorant classes to the mest terrible tyranny and brutality. Against the latter, it is said, our Irislature is preparing stringent measures, but against the former what is to-defend us? I speak in the name of XEngliawomen to-whomnayou have &Ipealod, and ask counsel and help from generous and thoughtful men-what are we ,n An, A. J. EaUng, 3 24. TO TqE EDITOIR OYTLEE TIMES. Sir.-Will nS .somo one moxe for copies of all correspondence beteen, She Forei,gn-offlce and our consular awesit& at HRamsu? respecting thia .infamous: traffiac of whilch th~weylre confessedly awre ?_ Ii it not too bad that the public have net---beeni put tpoji-their guard, either by these gentIcmFn or their euiployers ?~ Yours. ae.. I 1- i; A YATHEEA EAST -NDik,ousx.--ome important clanges are in ooteidpli. iiiw Exminer's office, .cioequent upon tIe re4:Uesrmt f -Mr. Niacock and -Mr. Hi4i.he chief and deputy erau amm, and wo understand th4t theodutiea will devire upa _W.1. 8. Mill and br. F. W.-]Prideaur, while Ue Asitant examiners will be Mr. Hawkins, & zetired,Mdra ciyiliwn, ind at preeent, astretary th the India ,La:w .gopsaimion; Mr,. BoiatrdiUe. for manr years in the Examiner's dep,rtent; * r. Wr. <'Thontoxa, of tIiezmarLne branch; and Mir.J. W.X4s, *Je pr,ojec,or of tlhe Cal tLuo 1lvi'es,, who i3 sp,okes eta _ Iie.y to undertake the Public WSorks D)epatinont.-Jw *f .
B UNITED STATES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. S r,-lotwithtuanding-the fallen-e tate-of- man, there mnst be an innate irtu: huamxn-nature which redeems it from the calamitous effects of nilgovenent, or long ago the world. woula have,. become one7 universd scene of dis. I cord, if no('of 'aiailufthii.' 'Nothithitaiding, that the normal corditioi 'of4 o6ur 6pies, Y.iinctoCairr beat out hi, brother's brains, hsi beaoon- of wtar, yet, thanks to the Cstihkieli;ons-the'Wiihz,.cimlmf Blueneei of commerco tof the, better in tructioni of e ominuniti b quence, to the increed PrTscrof pubL;c opinion upon public action,'wras liave ecoine less 'fiizauient and of lem duration. Few and sant, however, are the obligations which Any nation in 'our day is under to its Ministers-its head servants-for & peaceful present or foi the prospect of aproepeious-future. Eviry improvement in respect to these: must be imputed in large proportion to private individual excelence,-andyerysealdom to officialworth. Theoretically, the best an wsest men n ie over us, but practically 'they seem the roverse df good "'snd*wise when tested by regults, and.whenever the ends which crown their works are compared with the ends which crown the works of others who serve directly neither Prince* nor Prosident, nor any Power Supreme,.4 . A man o,f,much experience in the.highways of the world once exclaimned, "Political honesty is a monstrous anomaly 1" Ad I. amn somewhat' inelined to believe that he was notfarwrong-that political professionsof faith and political practice may fairly be put upon a par with dicers' oaths and l6vors' deeds.' Had common -honesty and discretion, for example, been the rule of action among the mag. natesof tle.earth during the last two years and upwards, would France and BRusia have ventured on the dangerous game they did, their only stake the right of entry to a church? Would England have dealt so lootely in menace that at length her wares were held to be base metal? Would trance have dwelt so long in doubtful action that the Czar was completely duped? Supposing that honesty and frankness had pervaded the councils of nations-supposing that Austria had declared her intent never to aid Russia but by much talking, that Prussia had announced her determination to take heed to herself alone. that Sardinia had shown her resolve to throw herself into the fAigt , A. . ,z -a iim. sB a= , a ,- - claimed her decision never to fling her sword into the Russian scale, would Nicholas have ever dared what he did dare ? Would not the world now be richer by a million of souls or more, with time enouga to square their dread accounts; and by millions on millions of money, which can neverbe redeemed, though itmay be replaced? If private enterprises were subordinate to tho same clumay and " crooked.vwisdom" which turns awry tho current of public events, where would have been our railwayn and canals, our telegraphs and our steamships ? If the clerks of a great cornmercial egtablishment, from the clerk confidential to the embryo copyist, had taken for examples the31inisterial ser. vants of Queen Victoria or of the United States, what would: have been their fate.? Certificates of indifferent honesty, by a stretchof criminal compassion, might possibly have been accorded to the discharged delinquents, but a profound silence, I apprehend, would have been kept as to their active sense of duty and as to their performance of that duty. Owing to a negligent, dilatory, and slipshod manner of doing business, two subjects of dissension, which any clearheaded man of honour could have settled in the course of 24 hours, have thrown into -violent commotion two nations which, in the words of one of your foremost writers, " are bound together more than two nations ever were by similarity of interests." The late Minister of the United States to England, I am told, on good authority, was assured from the moment of his arrival in that country of the ardent desire of the English Government to be well quit of Central America and of everylthing pertaining to it, provided that the riddance could be effected without any sacrifice of honour. And what was there to prevent your shaking off much an unprofitable encumbrance, I should like to know, without stopping to question the wisdom of ever having assumed it? The only answer which I have as yet received; that it would not do for you to be clamoured and bullied out of your asserted rights, is far from being satisfactory. When we behold an empty-handed individual, in cotton frock boldly asserting his real or supposedrights in frontof a steel-clad gentleman, revolver in hand, that man we may " write down ass," if we will, or christen him fool, but coward or bully-companions close akin-never, while our vernacular shall remain in joint. In spite of incessant and indecent charges against the American character in the European press, beoth of recent and ancient date, I much doubt if Americans are more possessed of the spirit of bullysm than other men. Withtheir handfuL of ships opposed to your navy, " such as ocea never bore before,". and with their apology for an army to set in array against an English force, " such-as no Englishman ever yet commanded," I put it to your common sense-iin good judgment whether it is likely that my countrimen ever entertained the wild and illy mublon of browbeating yours. It is ungenerous; nay, 'it is useless, ths attemapt to shift the weightier mass of blame from English to American shoulders. The "letting oat of waters" began on this side of the ocean, when you sent to Washington a negotiator of treaties who had proved himself at Madrid, as I heard his fellow-ldiplomatist call him, " Le moins inteZigent de tous lei homsmes crespri." But it mnst be owned, on the other hand, that his American collaborator' in that bungling job, the Buiwer-Clayton treaty, gains nothing by comparisonwith him. Then, much mischief was caused by Lord Clarendon's inadvertent speech about the English and French,superintendence of American affairs, the Ill effects of which he tried every means but the right one to remedy. Instead! of simply telling his fellow-lords that a wrong constructidn had been put upon his words (a declaration which would have been hailed by every American with delight and unbounded credence), his Lordship, it seems, contented hWmself with writing a note to General Webb, having a talk with Mr. Buchanan, and- indicting a despatch to Mr. Crampton. And now, after the lapse of many months, by a rare chance, the parties who are most interested begin to see' a little daylight where, indeed, there ought never to have bqn the slightest obscurity. Was there ever a more slovenly procedure? Quite as carelessly was the arbiirationI proposition managed. Her Majesty's Secretary for Foreign Affairs spoke about it to the American Minister in London, wrote about it to her representative in Washington, then discoursed about it and of its rejection and renewal, and now the whole turns out to be a great mistake and mystification. Time has been lost, illfeelings have been aroused, unfounded complaints have been attered, and the work must be commenced anew. Is it -fdr such trifling that men, in office are paid and pam. pered? Afterwards comes the enlistment affair-" a ridiculous cause of quarrel," you may say, but for that very reason the more dangerous, and the more quickly to be disposed of in peaceful fashien. If England and America are doomed tofight (for the comfort of the chronicler now and ever, if from no higher motive), let it be for somethingtangible, definable, and of real importance-something which one side insists upon having, and which the other persists in refusing. In sicha fightthe parties would have at leastthe satisfaction of snowing which of them carried the point in dispute. Eu, even in this matter of enlistment, itwas not the Americans who lifted the "first stone." Your, sapient rulers " reled on American advice and information," they say, when the only advice and information they needed were to be met with in law books common to everybody. Your special pleading inl their behalf is a deal too fine. They would not for. the world "hire or xetain" on American soil, contrary to written law, a single man to serve Queen Victoria; but they would. " make gene. raly known" their wfillingness to receive such service. And pray where is the mighty difference inthe eye of morality and of honour, aye, and evenof law itself,ifthe question could be fairly tested, between impudently "hiring and retaining " by high inducements my neighbour's servants or dependents to quit his roof for mine, and the "m making it generally knownn" to them that if they will snealingly giva me the preference a warm reception shall await them? Then, the enlisting agents ihumb needs " mke generally known" their mission on every wall-and from every housetop. Indeed, so openly and successfully did they perform their parts, that even the "Blue-noses '' of Nova Scotia, Whom that 'eracious.historiau, Mr; Samuel Slick, never accused of " smartness," mocked at the sharp6ightedYankees for having been outwitted by provincials. IBut, ast itturnedrout, those whc4were acting as enrollers, directly r-indirectly, for the' -nglisbGovernment,- hadI blundered- frdm the beginninge-Y" like master like man." Their manoevress'night possibly have'beon a inked at, had they not ,been forced'upoz theattention:of the public; and much.bickering would have thus been spared. At, one time the stoppage of proceedings by authority of English Ministers, and an apology, with promise of forbearance for the future, seemed about to set all things right, when an untoward discoyery Came to show 'how diffiult it is to re - pair a first false step. The English Ministir at _Washinatoiis now charged with being a& complice in the " ridiculous affair." Incredible as is the accusation, still nore incredible is it that without incontrovertible 'proof such an accusation should have been brought against a gentleman of Mr. CramptonW talents and virtues by those who have always held him in the highest esteem.. Anda,here, in the 185dth year of th- Lord of -Poace,. are meen two, great' nations, who have not in their common' blood a single drop of bitterness the one towards the other, nor in their common - concerns a single cause for shedding blood, in a state of uncertainty whother they may not wake, some morning to fina themsdlves defaclng Gods image in the person of a kidnan, and destroying by wholesoe thew ! wity inventions of .ma'n, ach as none but a being onIoe litt lower than. the. angela.coul&iar.de' . And a this becauseof the littilenes3 of our gat men! Intermi. -nable scribblers, t~hey bNre provedXliems,olvesthe veriesb kno*-notixi' an&d&no: gt u,nder, the sun- In America, aB in EngRand, tie~squar& andthe ronId boles are imost nn-' a&tisticilly lilled; and,:impatient: t 'aeiing thematerial intereets, or niti6 tid.ebo,3t,: 'sometimw efacy, for. getful for theim'onnent of. interests i nitelyhigher, that if ,a .CzomweUlo,z a Napoleqn benild ,ceom,t,a, eu* nt n,ow and ithen, tpe right men ght ,fill into..thp rg,h,t places and that tha wor1&.#o~zld si3g ,i,nore , i,ly sn ita hinges than it idoe just. at this rnomenhinyoui countr1 or in mine. : l am. Sir. sr iost obedient ser mut A O STAtESl s',. .PAns. :_ ,
W'OMfEN AN. ' VAft CH WOar. TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIMES. Sir,-The man who succeeds in reforming -our present mode of producing the pocket, watch will deserve weU of his fellow-men. It is a nit t'iat may take him ten years to crack. He must, of coure be prepared for the customay amount of obstruction and misconception. Nevertheless, having undertaken the task; after long coeideration ant experience, I have every. hope.. of living.to, see it accoznr plished. . The world is,a large market, in which every man above a savage desires to have a, watch. I learn from the Gold. smiths' Hall that only 186,000 were stamped last year of British manufacture. Thii number ls so contemptible as to be far below our home consumption, if we would but make them at a very moderate price. Thus the world is left to look principally to the foreigner for what should be one o our most important -articlea of commerce. "VWhat to make" we well know. The chronometer has taught us that, and it may be taken az an infallible modeL The imperative demands of safe navigation brought that tinmekeeper almost to perfection yeara ago. Compress its dimensions and give it a stronger escapement, and you have all we want for the common purposes of every-day life. "Who shall make it" is the great question to be solved. That depends entirely oa the adoption of the best possible mode of manufacture. Tha Io o- .i ebvawhure; win buy in the cheapest market. The awiss go about it one way, the English another; and the two have the whole world of watch buyers between them. By complaint as an Englishman is. this-viz., not that the Swiss make too many-for their consummate ingenuity, deserves its full reward-but that we produce comparatively so few. I mean before I have done, somehow or other, to make it understood what means must ho adopted to increase our production to an ex. tentwhichshallsatisfythe widest possible demandforwatches that shall be good enough for the rich in point of time and beauty and cheap enough for the poor in point of price. The Paris Exhibition must have opened the eyes of all but the wilfuly blind to the startling fact that, quality. strength, and elegance considered, the Swiss are nearly 40 per cent. under our prices. So striking was their supe. riority, except in our first-clas watch, that I took my own eyes for a month through their principal manufacturing districts. There I found causes in active operation that explain the whole matter. From three leading manufacturers I learnt that 1,500,000 watches were made last year in the Weufcbhatel district, and this over and above the produce of the Geneva district. They declare, too, thattheir powers of production have doubledinthe last seven years. The marvellous ingenuity of their tools and theirskdlful economy of labour fully confirm this statement. It appears some one has chosen to take offence in your columns at my mention of this amazing excess over our production. My way of meeting this success of the Swiss is at once to adopt their better system. Your correspondent thinks it wiser to envelope a simple question in a dense fog of figures, half a column long. He tries to delude us wAith the fallacy that the watchmaking district of NeufehAtel is confined within the mere geographical limits of the canton; whereas, so prosperous has been the handicraft of these intelligent mountainees that thousands of men and women engaged in the trade people all the hills and valleys far and wide, fromtheVal de St.Imier, inBerne, in the north, down below St. Croix, looking over the Lake of Geneva. For brevity I called this the canton of NeufchAtel, and thus laid myself opento misrepresentation. Compaxethethousandsthere from north to south with our last census. Within the London district, including every dealer who professes and calls him self awatchmaker, we had in 1851 but 4,800 in the trade Surely this is a scanty army to boast of as enough to conquer all the markets of the worldI And what is the result? That last year we were beggars to these very Swiss for watches for our own use at home. Besides all those smuggled, of which smugglers make no returns, duty was paid in 1853 on 42,486 watches; in 1854 on 79,209; andin 1855 on 90,670.. They want none of our watches; but we took of them for home consumption last year half as many as we finished ourselves. Now, if any man thamks this- a mia of sw4WIL rrade 'Czedtab'e or satisfactory to us, I begt idifferfromhim. 'A reference' to 'an old almanaw, however full of ffgures, will no more show the number of watches wanted for next year's consumption .than the sta. tistics of our grandfatherse pigtails will, give the next year's demand for combs and brushes. No, Sir; wen must not be above taling a leaf even out of the Swiss book. Wiser far than obstinately to persist in a losing system. We must have:-1, a decimal mode of measurement enforced by law, and so precise as to define with mnathematical nicety the size and proportion of all the parts; 2, a complete directory, giving the name and spedal capabilities of every man and woman available; 3, a minute subdivision of labour, adjusting to each persoes abilities the., exact quality of the work which he or she can best do, and neither more nor-less; 4, we must never employ a man to do what a woman can do as well or better; 5, we mast get Lord John *nd Co. to look to Switzerland for.a system of public education so admirably liberal as to constitate one essential element of their superiority.. They well know the absolute necessity of the utmost care in manufacturing the manufacturers. They are wise enough never to expect en. cellence in the work until they have thoroughly trained and tutored the future workman. And, lastly, we must despise the libel that any man may dare to cast upon his countrywomen,imputing to themiuability to execute works of precision. Thousands of women are at this moment finding profitable employment at the most delicate portions of watchwork throughout the district round NeufehAtel. The subdivision of labour is there wisely made so muinute as to adjust itself precisely to the special capabilities of every woman's individual dexterity. For any man to declare, whatever his motive, that the women of London are sure to do badly what the Swiss women are now doing so well is an insult and a fallacy in which Irefuse to join, I know better, and will before long prove their capabilities. If 7ze wime' will but grant its omnipotent aid in this work we shall soon effect a great social change. Thousands of the women of London, now in dire distress, have the power to equal, and' perhaps to outstrip, their Swiss sisters in a rival-race for an honourable and abundant means of subsistence. I know the realization of my suggestions to be within their reach, and I believe there are few men of any worth who will refuse to join me in the wish that Heaven may grant that this desirable means of teseuing so many from their present misery may be speedily removed from the necessity of newspaper discusioa. Yours resuecti'llv. Tilja7a?Ttv5rtmqv W atchmaker. 6O, Cheapide, March 27.:
- .DUST, OH! TO THX EDITOR OF THE T13[ES. 8ir,-Pray willyo allow-me to ask Mr. Thwaites, under whose desDotism in matters of dust we exist, why the great thoroughfare fronv Great George-street to Victoria-street, Westminster, is never watered ? Is it that AMarch dust is good foi the eyes of the Middlesex iiagistrates as they sit, the terror of criminals, in the Middlesex Sessions-house ? It iay be, for justice is proverbially blind. Or is dust one of the femedies. ina the Phanrnacopwia ecomnmended for patients in Ahe Westminst4r: Hospital?. Is it .good for tho lungs of the choir in Westminster Abbey lt Is it sovereiga against the cough of. a canon, or does it improve the appearance of the monuments ? Agai,, does the Civil Service Comndssion, which holds wful stway over aspir3nts to Govermnent office: in the Broxad.Snctnarsy, delight in dustS Do the esndidates like to-- have their .eyes and ears -and outh ~filied With that mixtureof- powdered granite aakd horse-droppings which is cazled Londondust?Is dustpart,of QueentAnneNsBounty? Does it go to augmeit small liiings in the way of glbe ? lovw, if all these- questions- oA- be aswered in the affirmative,f well and good;.-by ; means let the public thoroughfare -%with which all the institutions, .civil and ecclesiastical, just-mentioned are conce;ned,.remain as itis, unwatered and arid; bat, if not, why, the sooner King Tlwaitessendshiswater-carts to refresh the-landthebetter. At any rate, if he does not, let him not expect to levy any rates over the-area of our Zahar.a. I am, Sir. yours. .. - I AIMANS IlN SIOCO. Ye*teriay the Lord Mlayor waited o6llcialy upon the French Amnbxsador-to place in his ExceUeicy's hauds the resolutions of congratulation to their Imperial MAjbiea the Emperor and Empress of the French upon te birth of the- Imperial Prince, adloptcd a the Special .Court of Commoa Council, held on MSondsy, the 24th inst., and which the Couiit had ,requested1 his- Iordshi,o to convoy to the French Anibassdor. -
FREE TRADE WITH FRAZC. An open air meeting was held on Tuesday at Hanley. It was conrened by a new society, formed by gentlemen conffect6odtwith the Potteries district, and called the Anglon Fench Free Trade Asociation. Thoe chief object of the neetingwas-to dicus the necesity-of. reducing the duty -upou foreign, especially French wines, in order to obtain -fromErance and other countries a reduction of the duty - pottery. fr.,Oliveira, M.P.,,Ladbbeitinvitedtoattend, -as had several members of Parliament who are favourable to the bbjects sought by the association. The prooession from Stoke was joined by the Hon. F. L. Gower, ILP., mnember for, the -borough; Mr. -Smith Child, 3LP., Mr. O elijer- _ M'GreSOr, M.P., and several of the 'lago manufacturers of the district. A platform. was wrected for the accommodation of the seakers, and the proceedings commenced about half-past 2 'oklbck by Mr. Edwin Albut, the chief bailiff of Hanley, beingcalleduapon-to predde oner the meetint Mr. A&s.uT, in rising, said he wished he had a voice that wotild rech' them all, -to impres upon them the importance 'of the MovOm t.to:wlhich they were then giving their atteadance. -He. should satisfy: Iiimself by stating that he held in his hnud letters fromu several gentlemen who were fav6urabhI tob them.- 3e hid one letter from MIr. Otway, one-of the membern for Stafford. Another was from 3i. Alderman. ,CGpeland, and another from. Mr. Wedgewood. The next wia Efroni 'r. C. B' Add6rley. He had also '3nother-froncXtheir good friend Mr. Ricardo. rxr. Bor3rp.moved the following, resolution:-" That thu mecoin6 considering the itroduction of an abundant 'upjdy6f wvholesome beverages 'into this country well calculated to draw an increasing revenue, and tend to the adyanoem,nitof our international relations, as well as the improvementof the moral and social condition of the reople, is of opinir that-in immediate and considerable reduction of the duty- on foreigin and other wines is indispensable, anmd pled_es itself to presi the importance of such a reduction on 'Her Majesty`s Government." He wished every one of them had a glass of French wine then. (aught~er) There wrras not even a drop of water. (Renewed laughter.) - Having come through the crowded streets on his way Tere, ho-'feft as if he had dirt, or cobwebs, or something, else, in his throat. (Renewed laughter.) The object they had in view; and when the resolution spoke of the reduction in French and continental wsines, that was not the only object they had in view-that was not all. they dia not mean to have free tradeonlyon one side; but wtat they aimed at was this-theyasked France to take ourpots,sad. theyin exchange would take their wine, and in ordet that we may honour their wine, we will drink it out of our own pot. He believed in his heart that the EMiberorof. the .ruerh in.taoa t.4. the rrench peoDple should theimselves be gratified by having our products, whether there was free trade with France or not. He read extrects from three or four letters received by the firm he represented. The extracts he read were to the effect that the Emperor of France intended taking offthe prohibition this session, and that in a few months we should see 'a new and fairer system in action. He believed that such was the intention of the Emperor (cheers) ; and the more he regarded the demonstration they were then- making -he could not help looking at it as representing to the minds of the Emperor and -the people another motive why they should get what they so much need-earthenware from the StafforashirePotterles. (Cheers.) Mr. SarH CHID, LP., after congratulating himself and the meeting upon their presence for the good purpose that had induced them to meet, said-I am here to assist the workmi enof Staffordshire in what I deem a most praiseworthy object. The workmen of the Potteries have done themselves great honour by this movement. T'hey seek to improve their own prosperity by the most praiseworthy means -by opening fresh channels for their industry and for the work of their own hands. (Hear.) The most important question is how to accomplish the object we have in view. Sometimes we hear it truly said that things go on too smoothly. I therefore concur in the resolution which expresses a de- sire for French wines; but don't think that the Chancellor - of the Exchequer wfil reduce them, unless we can showhini a reason why. That reason is that France will remove the prohibition of our china. If that be done it will stand thus-we will take the duty off the wine if France will admit English crockery; and it must be shown clearly to France that her interest is involved in this as well as our own, for we have to deal with men and things as we find them. Mr. Child here read an extract from the 2a chapter of the 6th book of Disraeli's Coningsby, to which he said his attention had that morning been called, and which he (Ir. Child) considered very interesting and important. The following is the extract :-" Lord Momuouth's dinners at Paris were celebrated. It was generally agreed that they had no rivals; yet there were others who had as skilful cooks, others who for such a purpose were occasionally profuse in their expenditure. What, then, was the secret spell of his success? The simplest inthe world, though no one seemed aware of it. His Lordship's plates were always hot; whereas at Paris in the best appointed houses, and at dinners which for costly materias and admirable art in their preparation cannot be surpassedA the effect is always consilera ly lessened, and by a mode the most mortifyingby the mere circumstance that everyone at a French dinner is served on a cold plate. The reason of a custom, or rather a necessity, which one would think a nation so celebrated for their gastronomical taste would recoil from, is really, it is believed, that the ordinary French porcelain is so very inferior that it caunot endure the preparatory heat for dinner. The common white pottery, for example, which is in -general use and always found in the cafis, 'will not bear vicinage to- a brisk kitchen fire for half an hour. Now, if we only had that treaty of commerce with France. which has been so often on the point of completion, tho fabrics -of our unrivalled potteries, in exclange for their capital wines, would be found throughout France. The dinners of both countries would be improved ; the English would gain a delightful beverage, ana the French, for the first time in their lives, would dine off hot plates. An unanswerable instance of commercial reciprooity P" (Loucd cheers andTaughter.) -If, said the hon. gentleman, I talk for an hour I cannot say anything more to the purpose than is said in that extract. (Cheers.) He then called upon the meeting to leave no means untried by which they might hope to bring about the objects of the association. They had set a worthy example; then why shoald they not appeal for co-operation to Sheffield, to Manchester, to the great iron district, and to Leeds ? (Hear, hear.) Everyone who had been in France must have observed what poor clothing of coarse stuffs was wornby the peasantry of that country. It was enough on such a day as that to make one shiver to think of it. He therefore trasted that the association would leave no stone unturned, and they might lie sure that no co-operation should be wanting on his part. (Loud cheers.) Heshould be very happy to pledge the French in their own wines, and he was sure they might be happy to take their dinner from English crockery, and to travel on railways of British iron. Mr. OLIVsRA, M. P., who was loudly cheered, rose to support the resolution. He said the subject before us maybe looked: upon 'as a questionaffectingtherevenue of this country, as bearing upon moral improvement, aud as affecting our-international relations with other countries, esp)ecially France. With respect to revenue, it is foand by experience that a very high duty prevents a large consumption, and this is proved by the revenues derived from the wine duties, which have not increased. There are two remarkable cases bearing upon this question. The first occurred in the time of William Pitt, and the second in a subsequent Adnistration when the duties on wine were relaxed, and on each OCcasion the consumption was -doubled, but- unwise legislation had reverted again to aprohibitive duty. I cannot concur vith my hon. friend who -said that the Chancellor of the Exchequerwould not be disposed to reduce the duty. I think he will. When I acquaint you that for the last 30 years this revenue has been stationary, notwithstanding the increase in population, wealth, and consumption, yon will see that we are not now consuming wine imported into this country, hut an adalterated counodity, which does not do us-any good or the revenue either.. I find from the enidence given by medical men that wine is considered-more healthy than any otherbeverage,; but the largest question we have to consider is that international amity which increased commercial intercourse must give us. Afterreferringto his personal experience of the esire which the nations of the continent have in favour of a reduction of the duty, tho hon. gentleman went onto say-I wil nottroubleyou with extracts from public papers, but M. Drouyn deLhuvs told me two years ago that the Emperor was in favour of a modification of these duties. (Cheers.) Well, then, gentlemen, what- you have to do is this-immediately you see there is a probability of- peace being restored to us yon seize that opportunity of taking our great ally by the hand, not, as before, in the battle-field, but mi the promotion of commercial prosperity, and thatwhich is more likely to knit this country. m eternatfriendship with France than any wars we may carry on together. (Loud cheers.) No doubt Mr. Gladstone, when Chancellorof the Exchequer, would havereduced thisimport duty upon -wine, but there were many reductiongmadein that year. During the warit was impossible to get the questionconsidered ;-but-now we havea certainty of peace Iaonsider- there ought to be an indication of what I know 'iM be-felt in other parts of the country when they. see this gathering of the Staffordshire- men, and I feel 'persuaded that they will follow this good example. (Cheers.) The resolution was then put, and carried by acclamation. The Hon. F. L- GoWEn moved the next resolution. He said,-I must express my admiration of. this great demonstration. On: this -occasion 'the potters have surpassed even my expectations. I thinik - this meeting will be of essential service. I- think Ait will have' the effect of turning the attention of the people and Government to this matter, although I must say that the latter are fully aware of its importance, and that both at the Foreignoffice and the Board of. Trade no opportunity is allowed to pass of pressing upon othor Governments any relaxation of their tariffs. wIsh w to, warn you of the danger which lies in your path. I do not t-hink it would be wise of you to send a deputation to France upon this subject. There isa great jealousy among that people at any interference with their Gov,ernment; and it migt lay-the Government open to the observation of sab6erving our interests at their expense. But this leads mne to the' object of -'the moeting, whic' is the-wineduty.- 1 shall nottouchthe statistical part of the'. question; but L -wiU say that it willbe the greatest fslly of the 'French country and Government not to accept such- ' .reduction as. is' roposed in the caso ,of our earthenware. I believe, that the French people, once having -tasted' of the 'sweets of cleanliness m our earthenzware, will not- any longer allow the present state of things to remain. I am anious that we should not use any language other than that of sincerity. We canr go to France now with our free trade principle, and say you are bound to believe it because -Englabdihersolf has adopted it. Then,;to take the question of the Potteries alone, it would be found that the Frenelh would gain immense advantages, not onlylin price, but' in increased convenienoes. ho hon, gentleman illustratedthis.br contrasting the price of Sevres china with' that-of our "own, whieh stood in the relation of 604Dor'70&'to 15l.,- and also by referenco to the badlavatory:arraugenients throughout France, in coJgGsquence of the dearness of earthenware of all kinds. He then proceeded to say-I should like to know what is pasing in the mniad-of the Emperor 'of Fraisce. if I could mesmerize him and ex'.ract bis thoughts upon this matter I wouldi do so. (tughinr.) At All events, his cbusinwishes the -word "prhibitien! to We erased ffom the French commercial code, and,whst gives meo hope -is th3t~he has shown .a disposition to&' t , lal B*o i peroir- does po, then I thiuk that France. who hus great resources in herself-on one tide the Mediterranean, on the other the Atlantc, inhaibited by a nation of great intuition, industry, and skIl-I sTy, it this is only given fair play, that the nation will reach a very gsii acoord to them that prspr enow Lthat no great nation can be proserou wihoutothr naion abaingin lits Droperity, ann.-sproavidherself ferels that0propiegriity (Cheers) I t~herefore hope to see theee two nation walking hand in hand- in a career of lSrosperty, and nnitea;by a bond vnfnented by commnercial intercourse, wthich no wrretched quarels,no iPloatizng,willee pot Lu cheers.) The hon. member moved "Thatr intho i of this. mneeting, the relaxation of - the high duties impoaed by Great Britain on foreign wines should~induce- foreign countriles to 3nodify. their, restrictiosn manuatrdgos Tartir arly in France, where our mI nuf as all but prohibit-ed, ad would give an 'impetus to our loca miianufacture, the benefits of which it is lmoet impoesibe to' tell.7 Mr. B. S. BROUGH, econded the resolution. Mr. T. 3M'GviGon, M.P. for,. Glsgow, also spoke in favour of tbe resolution,, which was, carried by acciamation. Other resolutioins in xccordaxn4 with "the .object of the meeting were carried, and.the procedingg terminasted about i alf-past 5 o'clock.-
: JMEEZ'INa OF MIDDLESEX MAGISTRATES. Yesterday a special mee t acy of Middle. sex was held it the Seseions-house,-in Clerkenwel; first, to take into consideration the report of the Committee of Visitorsof the County Lanatic lam at Hanwell, *nd the Plans for certain proposed alterations at that institution mvolving an expenditure of 67,3001.; and, secondly, to take into consideration the like report fromin the Colney-hatch Asylum, and the plsis of certain proposedalterationsforthe enlargement of that establishment. Br. Pownall presided. The report from the Asylum at Hanwell stated that throughout the year ending January last the general health of the patients of both sexes had been,-and continued to be, remarkablygood, and that, though the morhlity was greater than in 1854, there had not been the slightest cause for anxiety. - The niiaber of patients admitted during the year was. 151-males 73. females 78; dischirged cured, 16 xles, 21 females ; deaths, males 50, females 45. One male patient was kdlled by another, and one female patient committed suicide by hanging herself. Appended to the report were plans of the proposed alterations of the asylum. Sir eAix-.A.nDx S PnxE said, the plans which were sabmitted to the Court with the report had received the most ample and aroful oonsideration of the committee of the asylum of which he hid the honour to be chairman; they had been referred to a sub-committee for further en. amination ; and, finally, the general committee adopted the plans of Mr. Harris, the architect, as most calculated to carry out the object of the committee. Thoseplans were now submitted to the Court for its decision. There was a great demand for further accommodation for the pauper lunatics of the county, and the enlargement of the present asylums was far preferable to the-erection of an additiona one, for it was most objectionable that the county should be studded over with such institutions. There was plenty of lana already at Hanwell to provide the additional ac- commodation, so that, if the plans were adopted, no outlay. for land would be required, as would be the case if a third asylVum were provided; and he should propose the following resolution, which, if carried, would enable the committee to go fully into the whole matter .- "That the re,port of the committee and the recommendations therein contained, which -suggest the measures by which additional accommodation to the extent of 60 beds for Patients may be provided at the county. asylum at Hanwell at an expense not exceeding 67,3007., be approved, and that the report, together with the 1a and estinates, be refermed back to the committee, with directions to bring the wrhole matter under the consideration of the Secretary of State for the E:ome Department, in order that his sanction may be obtained, if it shall appear to him that this mode of providing additional accommodation for the pauper lunatics of the county should be adopted under the directions of the Court." Mr. ARmTRo.NG seconded the motion. The expenditure proposed was not lavish, but involved a very important principle of economy, becausa they were in this dilemmaunless they adopted these alterations they would have no alternative bat to provide a third asylum. If the contemplated enlargement of tae Hanwell Asylum were carried mto effect the ultimate result would be an extraordinary saving to the county, because the cost of such an enlargement would not be a moiety of the cost of building a new asylum altogether. They had already sufficient land ; the vater, gas, and other engineering works which would have to be provided at a new asylum wero already in existence at Hanwell, and quite adequate to the additional demand upon the*m; one staff of officers would suffice instead of two; and, instead of " barrackizin" the present asylum, the alterations would greatly add to its embellishment. The parishes of the county were inthis positionthey must keep their paLuer lunatics in private establishnaents of greater cost if this additional accommodation were not provided, and there was no telling what the cost of a third asylux would be-probably between 300,0001. and 400,0001. When it was first mooted to expend 200,0001. on Colney-hatch the amount was considered fabulous, but the remslt was that an oatlay of over 300,0001. was incurred. Satisfied that the ultimate consequence of these alterations would be a vast saving to the county, he had great pleasure in seconding the motion. Mr. N. LAuRix said, he ha no desire to embarrass the committee iu the few remarks he should offer. The question was how fo effect a desirable object in the best possible wfay. He did not object to the proposed extension of Hanwell Asylum, but to the mode in whEich it was suggeted that inch extension shouild be carried out. Ee quite agreed that an extension of accommodation for the lunatic paupers was necessary, but he strongly objected to the plans now submitted to the Court, because they did not go far enough and were not calculated to meet that increased demand which, at a fature time, would inevitably have to be provided for. The public must be satisfied that this outlay was requisite, and that the Court was acting on priciples of economy. There had, it was said, been a great increase in lunacy of late years, bat a large portion of thepersons classed as lunatics were 'not lunaics in the medcalscientiic sense of the term, but idiots. Hanwell Asylum was originally contemplated to provide for 300 patients. The number requiring accommodation now was altogether about 4,00, which was to be accounted for by the fact that, since Eanwell Asylum had been erected, various aAencies had been set in operation, by which numnbers of sa¢h cases were brought, under notice which would not have been had thoso agencies not existed. Parish officers, stimulated by fees, were very diligent now in these matters; the number of patients was continually on the increase, and, looLing at the rapid increase of the population, and the effect of the interpretration clause of the last act of Parliament on the subject which would let in as paupers a number of persons who were not paupers, there was no doubt that soon a vast number of persons would be knocldng at the Asylum doors for admission; the law compelled them to provide for them under the suPervision of the Secretary of State, and in his (MB. Laurie's) opin Euanwell onght to be made capable of accommoating at the least 3,000 patients, and Colney-hatch the same. He did not mean that it should be done at once, but that the plans now to be adopted should be prepared with a view to an enlargement to that extent at a future period. The hon. magistrate then referred to several continental estabLishments, containing as many as 6,000 patients, to show that an equal number couid be easily managed in an asylum sufficiently large in Middlesex. This was not a question of a third asylum, but of a fourth. It was absolutely necessary that the increased accommodation should be provided. The matter was one of vast importanoe, not only to Middlesex but to all the great counties of the kingdom. He thought counties oght to receive the same assistance from the consoldated fand with respect to these asylums as they did in the maintenxnce of convicted prisoners, and in the expense of criminal prosecutions. The plans proposed would impede a future extension to accommodation for 3,0D; they were too linited, and he trusted the Bench would not shut their eyes to their 25 years' experience of HanweIl, which had been extended from time to time, and was not now suffxcient even though they kad Colney-hatch in addition. It was said that drunkenness was the great cause of the increase of lunacy, but what was the fact ? Drunkenness was on the decrease, but reference to the statistical table appended to the report would show a cause of insanity which was greatly on the increase, and that was distressloss and anxiety in trade, to which cause from 35to 40 cases setforth in the tables were attributable. A great battle was being fought in this large town, by mien and women, in keeping starvation at arms' length. The question was not whether the pauper luatics not now in asylums wera to be provided for, but where; and as each of the asylus ought to be adapted to accommaodate 3,000 patient3, he objected to these pLans as not sufficiently comprehensive for that Mr. ES ssn ax pported the motion, and urged that it would be far better to extend the present asylums thanl to provide an additional one, and that the ultimnate savin- to the countyhy the'proposed alteratiors would be over 1,';0l. a-year; if they had to borrow 70,00W1. to carry them out, the cost of maintenance would be so redaced Mlr. TuniSixB thought there was really no difference between the preposition of Sir A. Spearman and the opinions expressed by M£r. Laurie. He did not himself consider that, in 1856, they should-prepare for thle accommodation of the number of lanatics who might be chargeable in 1866; the difficulty could be dealt with when. it arose. He thought no case had been made out against the plans nowr before the Court, and hoped that the motion we ud be carried. Mr. hun> bbserved that the original estimate for Colneyhatch was 83,9381., on a plan for which 3001. was given, and the actual outlay exceeded 300,0001. He wished to guard them against the repetition of such an expenditure, St was very fascinating to play with bricks and mortar, but at the samne time it wvas a very expensive amusement. The ratepayers ought to have a gusxntee that the money would be MudciousIy expcnded, and hesuggested that the roport should bereferred to the Cemvmittee of Accounts and General Slr A. Y. SPEAnsXAf having replied,-- The motion was put to the Court and agreed to. 31r. COrrsiuLr, with reference -to the Colney-hatch report, said, since the last Court-day the Commissioners in Lunacy had visited the asylum, and had made an entry in the vfsitina.book in which they expressed an opinion that the committee had not taken advantage of all the spave at present available in the asylum for the reception of patients. A report had been subwequlently received from the commissioners on the saoe subject, and, therefore, to give the comnuttee on opportunity of examAining whether there was ony thing in the suggestions of the comm issioners worth adopt- ing, he pr6posed-that the consideration of the Colney-hafo4 sylbim report bo deferred until the next County-day. This W.as adopted, and a motion with respect to bertain alterations at the Westminster House of Correcti',n, at an outlaY of 11,0001., was also postponed, and the: Court then adjourned. _ _ _ __ _ _ _ CRiSTAL PAIACB.-R.etUrT of a lesions for six days :e-nding SatuTday, Mareh 22.-s5'umboer admitted, ineluding seasoQtJcket holders, 224^jS- amounta . received for ani~sgiols 9351. 2s. 6d. One Shilling Day, Thursday, .:MaroIh S7.'-- A duiistssios %n paynent, 2,299; *ditto, by
COUBT of BAYKRUPETCY, BR -ivst,trAc a MrA 2t - - W 'P'V It I'P%' ' t (Beforc Mr. Commw. ilz{EAS.) The bankmpt was a wiite and rTirit merg zt, at W-m chester. This wa the-examination meeting. No aocouxti: had been fled, and Ana i urnment waa &Wedlor.-- Ianreply to the C x'ssxo oszn, ---. e:p It was shted tho t t1id banktpt, before hisi banrp "dmade -an assignment for thc beiet~f1itfEs creaitors,aud that, the boolcbsin tnheoesswtoff'a-nn4eir -- That assignmaent~, the bankrupt bad been uabetoprePa hlS aCCOUntS. Adjoluned accordingly. -- Tho det are about~ 3,OOO^.; ases trifing. .
I PPJNG AISZEt am XT^nDA s, ,z,.,.w.. ,. . E. vAlCrn . : EtTYb S-EDMUNDS- -WAP 9n M'BRID V. TF1FT. Mfr. O'Mley *an Mr.Power wa-.e counsel for the plainltiff; Mr. Serjeant Wells and Mr. Dasont appeared for the de fendant. This was an action of assault and battery, to which the defendant pleaded " Not Guilty," and that the plaintiff ha in the firsmstauce,assulted him. The plaintiff andthe defendant ocmpyadoining fams at Heesett in this county, and it appeared that the defendant had for many yeas post been in thie habit of turning out bin colts And stock to feed on the road on which abutted the two farms, without any objection, while the plaintiff did thesame. Latterly, however, theplaintiff had raised objec. tons to this proceeding on the- part of the defendant, bt had never personally interfered til tho morning of the 4th of June last, when, the cattle being out as usua, he called on the defendant, and in very violent and abusive - terms intimated that he had no business to turn: his stock out there. The defendant told him to mind his own business, and retorting his abusive epithets inti. ma ted that he should persist. The plaintiff then left, and the defendant went out About his farm. At 3 o'clock he ireturned home, and, finding the p]aintifflin the a of driing6 his colts and stock about with a long whip in the road, proceededto thespot, when an altercaAtionenlsuedwAhick endecim blows. According tothe plaintiff andhisw itnesses, the defendant,without provocation, spatinhis face and struck him aeveral severe blows about his hands, wshich he endeavounreto protecthimself from by holding p his whip. The defendant, however, succeeded in inicting great punishment on him, aad having done so, without anyprovo. caron on his the plainti's) part, departed. ccordng to the defendant and his witnerea, i asserted that as sOon as he approached the paintiff the latter lound his whip round his right armn, and flourishing- the buAtt-end over the head of the defendanAt threatened to "sgive ithiin in spite of repe^ated cautions. At length the whip descended on the head of the defendant, who then spat at the plainEti anud j,roceeded to admin ister several sm Art blows onA his opponent in order to prevent a repetition of the assult. Alter a while they parted, but the plaintiff followed the defendant, and renewring the flourishing of the wrhip again struck the defendant, who on that occasion forbore from rzeturning the attck. but contented himself with inonirng whether the Plaintiff had not had enough? The de. fiendant further stated that he attributedthe conduct of the plaintiff to the fact that, about two years ago, the defendant a been the means of discovering that the plaintiff had, wilein posession of the ratebooks as overseer, altered the rate by lowering his assessment; but had eventually b'ea compeUed to restore the original asesment. his circamstance the plaintiff explained by statng that he ha! only put his assassment on an equal footing with that of his neighbours, but that he hadet the natterright when the obaection was made on the part of the paish At the close of the case, which had occupied a great portion of two days, and presented contradictions on aU possible points, both directly bearing on and collateral to thet real issue, His LowDsnnp left it to the jury to say on which side the filst assault had taken place in the afternoon in question. The plaintiff and all his witnesses agreed that the defendant hadin the first instance spat on the plaintiff 'If that wera so, the defendant had committed not only an assault and battery on but had offered a grierous insult to the plaintdF, and their verdict ought to bc for the plaintiff, ith te m- perate damages; but if, as the defendan asserted, he had neither struck nor spat on the p2aintiff until after the plain. tiff had hit him on the head with thewhip-which appea to be a somewhat improbable story-then the second plea of the defendant was made out, and their verdict oght to be for the defendant. Tbhejuryretired to considertheir verdict, ana after an absence of some hours returned a verdict for the pIiintiffwith a farthing damages. His LrsDsin, on being applied to for a certificate, intimated that he would consider whether he would accede to the application. This being the lat cause, his Lordship disposed of several prisoners, and, with his assistance, the7calendar was cleared n the course of the day. CROtW CouR.-(BCfore the CHEF JusTrcE) Daniel Cnthbert, aged 21, was indicted for wounding with afelonios intent, and for unlawfully cutting. Mr. Broke appearea for the prosecution; Mr. Dasent appeared for the risoner. It appeared tNhat the prosecutor and others were drinking at the village alehouse one night in the company of the prsoner, -who was somewhat " soft," and that, after the fashion of the village, the prosecutor took personal liberties with the prisonier, and eventually a row ensued, in which the prisoner, after having been knocked down, was tured out. When the party bro7ke up the prosecutor repeated his aggravating conduct, and the prisoner rushing on him Cut his neck with a knife. The illegal blow was admitted on the part of the prisoner by his counsel, who called a surgeon to speak to his character an stats of intellect inmnitigation. This gentlemnan stated that the prisoner 'ws certainly somewhat wreaker than most men in point of intellect, hut added thathe wsas a memboer of a " horrnd family," such as mih be found in almost every village, and which from uter neglect and destitution seemed to get worse and worse at every generation. As to the prisoner himself, he knewright from wrong, but wvas grossly ignorant. His LosI;DSm', having directed a verdict of guilty on the second count, stated to the prisoner that this was a case with whEich he was greatly at a loss to deaL It had been shown that he wvas one of a class andlfamily, a representative of 'which ws to be found in almost every parish in this country. The parents were bad, the children worse, and the grandchlldren -orse again, till all alike became intolerable pests of society. It was impossible to say who was to blame for this state of things, but great blame rested somewhere. One thing, horever, was clear, and that was that sach a state of things could not be sanctioned. The notion was not to be encouraged-if it existed-that such members of soeiety were to bo treated as if they were so much sterile ground which itwas lunprofitable and hopeless to attempt to improve; they ought not to be abandoned to their wretched condition and left to the natural consequences of such neglect. On a former circuit he (the Chief Justice) had tried and left for execution a young man for the mulrder of an aged woman. Efforts were made fora mitigation ofthe sentence on the miserable man, hut the only argument on which those efforts had been based was the fact that he was plunged in the deepest ignorance, so deep indeed that he really did not L-now that murder was a very dreadful crime. The present case was a confirmation of that argument, and proved that great remissness existed in Fome quarters. As the prisoner was beyond the age at wrhich any other course couldhe taken for his reformnation, all that could be done was to sentence him to a term of imprisonment roportioned to his offence, and at its exniration he would necessarily be let louse again, on society. As for the offence itself, it was one alarmingly on the increase, and must ho severely punished when brought home to those accused of it. The sentence, therefore, of the Court wras, that the prisoner should be imnprisoned for six calendar months. John MIartin, 49, John umphreys, 49, and George Hulmpireys, 22, were incicted for a burglary at Hadleigh on the 5th of lFebruary. - r. Power prosecuted, Mr. IDasent defended MIartin, and Mir. H. J. Mills defentded the two Humphreys. The premises of the prosecutor stand on tvo sides of a lane in the town of Hadleigh, and, on the night in question, two policemen passing near the lane heard a noise whichb induced them to go down it. When they got to the prosecntor's back gates they observed a sack put on the top of some iron spikes, and, searching further they discovered Martin standing in a dark corner, without shoes amd with his cap pulled dowrn over his eyes. Having taSken him, they listened at the gates, and presently heard the voices of twFo meninside wrhose voices they both recognized to proceed from the twro other prisoners whom thevihadabont a yearbo. fore had in cstody for ahurglary on whilch charge they had been oonvicted and sentenced to 12 months' imprisonment; so that they had not long been at large. As soon as the intruders made themselves thus known the constables exclaimed, " Why, there were that - old Jack and George again ;" whereupon they entered the gates. As might bh expected the thieves were gone, but they left behind them the impressions of their shoeless feet, which were tracked over hedge and ditch for four miles, in a direction cloIM to the residence of the Hlumphreys. On the following morning the constables discovered that a quantity of property had been packed up ready for removal from the house of the prosecutor, anda in a vard on the opposite side of the lane were found three pairs of boots. of these, two were identified as the very boots in which the twroHumnphreys had been eonvicted on the former occasion; and as to Martin, he clinched the case against himself by claiming the third pair. The prisoners, having aU been found GuilZy, 'Were sen. terLced to 15 years' transportation. Emma Musaett, 31, was indicted for the 'wilful murder of her legitimate infant at l3toke-Nayland on the 29th of February. Mr. (louch was counsel for the prosecution; Mr. Dasent, at the request of the Chief Justiee, undertook the defence of the prisoner, who was not provided with counseL The prisoner is a married WOmnan, residing with her husband, a labourer, and it appeared that she was well known to bo 3'in the familyway early this year; indeed, she had neier dened the fact but had stated that she expected to be confihed in May: On the 29th of Febraary she 3ent a neighbour for a nurse to clean up her room, alleging that she had experienced a miscarriage, and denying that she had given birth to a clild. When a surgeon was caUed in she repeated this story, but he examiined her, and, having satis. fied himself that more had taken place than- she admitted, insisted on sending for a poiceman unless the prisoner produced the child. After- a little hesi. tation the prisoner -went- to a box in her bed. Tooe, ancd took out a bag in'which wasthe dead'bodr oE a- fll-grovn male child, the head of which had literally been smashed almost Ilat, as if it had beenbeaten with some hard xab,tahe, while the jaws wers broken and blood was flow- ingfromit mnouth and-n . fhe usualmedical testsbeing reeorte.dt6, tevo experieneedaurgeons wero satiafied that the cbild had)eenbUan aLiv nd .had had an existence in-e. i pendento£isareni, and they came to the firm conrlusion that all the blows had been inflicted during life, and could not ha've xesulted1froui aceidental causes -duling, or immodiatey after, birth. - Tho _risoner being spoken to after|as 3- te- -t. tl. clil.ys il!2 'Aud gave
WO1R1F.RV ncARfqT . T7JV-RPRVOT. VMA -T 9.7 CROWN' COURT.-(Refori Mr. baron MLAB7r). Elizalheth Seddall wss indicted for the manslaughter of, Ann Seddall, at Manchester, on the 7th of January last. 3fr. Blair prosecuted, and the prisoner was undefended. It appeared tht the decemed child, Ann Sedda%l,who was scarcely four years of age, was the stepdaughter of the pAsoner, who bad for some months previous to the chUld's deeth treatedit with the greatest cruelty and Tiolence; and, accordingto the evidence of the deceased's brother, ahoy 12 yeras of age, the prisoner upon one Sunday evening in tihe end of Last year struck the child several blows. upon the head with a walking-stick, and afterwards kicked it, assigning as a. reason, that it was always crying. He stated that the prisoner used to feed the child upon the stale sop and crusts left by the other children, and that it was not sffered to have any tea, but aIlittle cold water. .JaneTullaport. anold-woiman who lodged with the prisoner and herhumband for seweal onths, stated that she had constntly seen the prisoner beating and ill-using tlle deceased, and on one occasion shc saw her place the child on the floor with its head on one side, and putting her foot upon t'he upper side of the child's face and ear, pressed it with great force. She had also seen her thump the child upon the chest, and had observed that the child's mouth was full of blood, which was also tmeared over her dress. At another time the prsoner took the childinto the wet and damp ellar, and placing it under the tap, immersed it in cold water; and this took place at the tie nthe child was recovering from the measles. She farther tahted that upon another sccasion the father and mother were quarrelling about the child, which lay on the floor between them, and uponher renonstrating with them as to their cruelty the prisoner seized the poker and levelled a blow at the child,which the witness parned with her arm. The witness also added that she always feared to interfere, because the prisoner was such a " Turk of a wvoman " and upon being cross-examined by the learned judge, she said she was afraid always to say much to the husband, because he was a "s ulky man, and would not permit it." F Fanny Ayres, a servant out of place, -who- had lived in the house for a week, confirmed some of the statements of the last witness, and said she had heard the prisoner cal the ld a "stupid devil," and had seen the prisoner enter the oom where the child was in bed, and, after beatingit, take it upstairs and kick it to the bottom. lhe SuXerintendant of Police at Salford, who took the prisoner into custody, said that upon charging her she denied the -Whole-charge, and said the complaint hadbeen trumpedup by the aunts of the child. An old woman named Harris, who knew the prisoner before her marriage, Eaid that the child was brought to her to take care of by the father on the 2d of March;. that it then appeared to be very ill, and had some marks upon it, and the father upon leaving the child said that his wife was very much pressed with other matters which took up her time, and that the other children were very rou.h towards it, and he wanted to have more attention paid to It. A Eurgeon was called, who said that on examini;ng the body he found livid marks, which appeared to be bruises, on the forehead and right leg. The body of the child seemed in other respectsto be healthy, with the exception of the lungs, which contained tubercles and showed'symptoms of consumption. He thought the death of the child had been accelerated by exposure to cold and want of proper food. The prisoner, in her defence, repeated her innocence, and asserted that she had always fed the child and attendednto it, but that it had been very delicate from the time it ciLne to her hands. The learned JuDrxz having explained the law in such Cases, TIe jury retired, and after a short time returned a verdict of Guilty. Sentence was deferred. In the Civil Court .the day was occupied with trying an interpleader cause entirely barren of interest.
WESTERN. CIRCUIT. . -BOI)MIN. MARCH 25. s?ans Hansen, described as a stocking we.ver, but late a iier in the Gerran Legion, was indicted for the wilful Brder of Charles Jacobi, at Maker, in this oounty. IThe grand jury having returned a true bill the prisoner was placed at the bar, and, upon being called on, pleaded "Not uilty." He was then asked if he would have a jury -one-half of whom should be composed of foreigners, but he aid he wished then all to be English? He -was then asked if he had employed counsel? He replied in the negative. T le Judge then ased him if he would like to have counsel aS igned him? He replied in the afirmative, and the Judge t len requested Mr. Stock to take care of the interests of the prisoner. Theprisonerwasthenremoved, andthetrialwas appointed for to-morrow morning. - CROwNS CouRT.-(EcfOrc Mr. Justice CROwDmR.) Hans Hansen was put to the bar, charged with the wilful mnurder of Charles Jacobi, at Maker, on the 13th of March. JI The prisoner is a mild, inoffensive-looking man. He is a ane, but understands Geman. The prisoners conmanding ofEcer wras swrorn as interpeter. Mr. Coleridge and Mfr. Yonge were counel for the prosecution; and Mr. Stock (assigned by the Judge) was counsel for the prisoner. MEr. CO03;}IR}Gn, in opening the case on the part of the prosecution, said, he hadI to invite the attention of the jury fora very fevrminutes to as short and clear a statement ashe could make of the circumstances of the case into which they 'were then about to inquire. It was a case of some difficulty-it was a case also, he need not say, inasmuch as the life of a fellow-creature was at issue, of great importance, and would demand an anxious and careful consideration at their hands. The plot of the tragedy he had to detail was singularly simple, and the incidents were singularly few. The prisonerwas one of the German Legion aised, as they w,ere aware, to assist the Eaglish in fighting again,st the Russias. The deceased was also in the same legion; they were qurtered at Mker, near Plymouth. The last time the deceased manwas seewas in compeny with the prisoner at the bar, in a field in the parish of Maker, abontS 'clock at night. He was seen at different intervals between 6 and 8 oiclock with the' prisoner, and after 8 o'clock no one ever saw him alive. Both the parties when last seen were considerably intoxicated. The prisoner at that time was carrying a large stone. The next morning the corpse of the man Charles Jacobi was found in a field. Near thercorpse was a hedge, and some short distance from it alargestone w as foundwith blood and brains and hair panit. That stone was thesanie sort of stone,andresemrbled generally the stone the prisoner had been seen carrying. The prisoner came into the barracks that night very latepabont 1.2 'clock, wrhen he ought to have been there at 8. When he came to the barracks he wfas in an excited state, and there was a good deal of blood about him, and his elotheswere stainedwith blood. He was asked on two different occasions to account for the blood, and on the two different occasions he gave different accounts which were inconsistent with each other, and one of them was not at a31 probable or likely - and before anything was said of the death of Jacobi, and before he could have heard of it, upon being asked what had become of Jacobi, his answer was, " I did not kill him." Now, that was at a time when nothing had been said to lead his mind to the idea that he or any one was accused of having murdered Jacobi. That was the case. The facts, then, stood in this way:-The prisoner was seen with the dead man; he -was seenwith a stone, and a stone waa found covered withbloodand braius nearthe dead man. The prisoner returned to the barracks with blood upon him, and he gave inconsistent accounts relative to thatloo:, and when aked w'hat had become of Jacobi he stated that he did not kill bim. These were the facts of the case upon which their verdict was asked. The jury would see that it was a case almost entirely of circumstantial evidence, and he need not tel them as men of sense that circumstantial evidence was of that kind that might vary in degree from the highest amount of probability to the lowest state of possibility. Although the facts were hut few, the verdict 'was to be drawnu from the cogency of the facts, whether they were any or few; and if there wras one fact or two facts which were clearly, upon a candid consideration, incon- istnt with the innocence of the prisoner, it wvouldbe enough to ask a verdict of guilty at their hands. The facts and evidence were solely and entirely for them, and, if they were of opinion the evidence did not suffice io bring home to their minds the guilt of the prisoner-if they thought it fell in its proof short of carrying conviction to their minds, they. would be bound to say so by their verdict; but if, when they had heard the ase as stated to theni aud as it would be attempted to be roved, it really did not leave any doubt on their minds, d if they were borne by it to the conclusion to an almost oral certainty that the prisoner was gnilty, then he was onvincedthat, although with pain and, reluctance, they ould with unhesitating firmness discharge the function 4hkh their duty to themselves and to society demanded of hem this day. lieveral witnesses who had been comzades of the pZisoner ';cre called, and deposed to the facts stated by the jeaamed ounsel. it further. apneared that, about 7 o'clock in the maorning the 14th of Mfarch, a labourer was going to his work. He ^w something in a field, but he did not go toit; he went n to Maker. He afterwards returned to the field where he ad seen something. Ile went to it, and found it Wm a d body3 dr,tfir d M a 0014*r of te C Legion. He went to the sergeant and returued with him to the fLeld. They examined the body. It *i'lying on the back with the armns up: -iEe examned the head ; it was covered with blood. There was a wound behind the left ear, but he couldnotdiscover the size of it for the blood. His clothes did not apper to be'soiled at alL TheTre was a footmark on his breast. The sergeant who had been fetched by the labourer to the field stated that the dead body was that 'of Jacob. A mitary.- cap was about.-two feet from the body. He did IWot know to whom that cap belonged. There was a hedge 14 feet from the body. 'Hisattention was attracted to a military belt that was on the hedge. It was Jacobi's belt; he kneW itby the numberonit. ll-founda -stone covered with grass; there was blood and hair upon the stone. He gave the stone to the constable. There was a shoulder-strap -by the side of the body. He stayed in the field until the constable came. H3e examined the deceased's pocket and found:3s. 41, a tobacco-pipe and box, and a cigar. The pipe was broken. It was in a pocket, on the left breast, under the footmrk. A constable produced the stone, which was a most formidable weapon of very large size. The surgeon of the prisoner's regiment stted that he made a post mortem examination of t e body. The head was covered with blood. He had it washed off, and found there three wounds-one two inches long, above and on the side ,of the left ear; the second wound, half-an-inch longi below the left ear; the third, one inch long, on the left lower jaw. The sca p of the skull was, ;bout the left ear, sepirntedfrom the skull to -an extent of about two square inches. There was no fracture of the upper Part of the skull. £He then opened the skull, and found the brain lull of blood, and a large quantity of extravassted blood in. the sinus of the brain, With the exception of this, the brain was in a sound condition. After removing the brain he found on the base -of the kull, -on the left -side,-closetotbe part which contains the inner ear, a fracture,- owing to which a 1 considerable- flow of blood had issued from the: ea He -further found the left cheekbone - entirely forcede out of its socket ;- furthermore; the lower pait of the left jawbone broken;, and, finally, several considerable contusions on the right side of the head and cheek, but no fracture. Death had been caused in some vsiolent manner, tbrougl some heavy instrument. Heattributed the death to the injuries he had received. It must have been a blunt instrument. In his opinion the,stone would have caused the injuries. Thereishumanhairon the stone. The hair is very much lik-e the hair of the deceased. There is nowbut one hair on the stone.- Examined' the prisoner. There were no wounds or scratches, ! Croes-examined.-Xnew it was a'difficult thing to distinguish human from other 'hair. Xuew"there werel tests given in scientific books; he had not used any tests; -Vhen i the stone was first shovn to hini the'blood was quite fresh.. He did not apply any test because it was plain enough| The broad end of a common h1amer would not have produced such wounds; the blunt end of a large hainer would have produced them. ' It was not-'p,robable hata large bludgeon wolId have done- so. -The wounds Wem.. relves were neither of them mortal,'but the violence with which the w6und on the left ear was niade was the case of the death. It caused theinternal injury. ' One of the prisoner's officers stated that on the morrng of the 14th of M1arch he met the prisoner under charge of an escort. He scoke to him. 1There was blood upon atthat time. He said to him, " Thisisblood, Hausen.'f He drew back and.sid, "Idid-notkillthe man; I fel idown and my nose bled " which accounted for the blood he had on his hands and- coat. - 1 Cross-examined.-This was a little after 8 in the moning. 3fr. STOac then addressed the jury for the prisoner.-He appeared at the desire of the judge to watch this case for tne prisoner. There wva before them a -poor friendless foreigner, arraigned on sucha charge. He was wAthout afriend, without means, and ignorant of the langu-Te. He might naturally well feel anxious in the discharge of the duty cast -upon him. It w eas a case of suspici6n, it amounted to nothing more. The prisoner had chosesi, and he thought rightly, to be'tried by 12 Englishmen; he had no fearthathewouldsufferfromthechoice he had made. He hoped they would give the case more than ordiniry attention, to which such a man was entitled. If they did so hehad little fear of the result. In the first instance, he would call upon them to dismiss from their painds all they had heard before they came into the- box. A jacket had been produced, but it was not proved to whom it belonged. The- only thing produced to which they would have to direct their attention was the stone. There was evidence that the prisoner had a stone under his arm, and it was said the one produced was similar to the stone which the prisoner had m his possession. They could hardly suppose the prisoner had carried about this stone, weighing l6lb., all the evening for the purpose of murdering Jacobi. It was alleged that on -the stone were blood human hair. They would have a doubt whether it was human hair, for no test had been applied, and it would not do for a jury to say that, without such test, the hair was hzuman. No test had been appliedrelativetotheblood. There was no pretence for saying that this was human blood. It was suggested that the stone was the instrument employed in destroying the life of the deceased; but the surgeon had stated that a large hammer violently applied might have produced the wounds.* But he thought, wrhen they camne to take the atone into their hands, they would feel thatif merely dropped upon the head of a man it mighta have produced different wounds; but if appEed, as suggested, with great force, it would have destroyed and smashed-the whole head. They could not realize the idea that such small woundswere producedbysuch an instrnment. Irrespective of the s tone, he would now pass to the evidencetending to show that the death was occasioned by the prisoner.' He was seen walldng with the deceased, and on excellent terms with him. He was then out late, and was at once placed under arrest. HIe had on no cap. He looked wild, but that was not to convict him of this offence. He had been out drinking, he was very drunk, and, when asked what had become of Jacobi, he hung his head and said, he could not t6ll because Jacobi had left him. From this the prosecution wanted-them to infer thathe had just committed a murder; and yet within 10 minutes of the conversation he lay down and fell fast asleep by the fire of the guardroom. Was that consistent with [gilt? 7 It was inconsistent with probability ; the whole case rested on probability. It was said he-had blood upon his hands. LI he had been committing a murder, was it probable that he would have come in with blood upon his hands, particularly as he knewbhe-would be put under arrest ' as soon as he got to the barracks? Would he not have removed that witness from his hands? It was said that because he had said at night that he had scratched his hands in comsing through a wood, and in the morning that his nose had bled, he mustbe guilty; hut they must recollect that at night he wras drunk, hut in the morning he wias sober, and more likely to tell the truth. There was nothing to show that when the prisoner said he did n ot killthe man he had not beentold of the death of the man. He might have been told of it, and that, as he had been Last seen with the man, he would be suspected. The jury would look at the evidence and see whetherthere was any motive for this crime; and, if they could not see any, it would be difficult for them to say the prisoner was guilty. Here,I then, wcas no atempt at proof of motive-the deceased money was found in his pocket; therefore robbery could not have been the motive. Hf be had no motive, but had committed the act, it might have been upon a quarrel; but he suggested there vias such a doubt that they could not find the prisoner guilty either of murder or manslaughter. It was the pivego of the jury to show mercy while they administered justice. mr. Justice CBoWt then summed up the: case. The jUrY had been -properly told dispassionately to w eigh the evidence. He would seriously and earnestly recommend them to dischare pron their minds asthey might havc heard, and to try this case entirelyouo n the evidence that had been-adducedbefore them. The prisoner was afore onr, and finding he was not defended by counsel, he (thle judge) iad requested the learned counselto defend him; and after they had heard the learned counsel he-need not tell them that the prisoner had been most ably defended. He w ould first call their atten-' tion to the maner in which the dece'ased had bceen found-the state- in which he had been found, and then point out to them the evidence by which it was souht to connect the prisoner with the death of the deceased. te first question was, did Jacobi die by violence? - It could Ihardly be doubted that the man had been .murdeNed by somebody. Then came the question, did the prisoner commnit that murder? The learned judge then read over the whole of the evidence, and summed up the case with the greatest care, but with great firmness. In answer to a question put by the jury the sufrgeon said, death must have instantly followed the injury. The jury retired for an hour and 25 minutes, and then sent word that they wished to ai his Lordship a question. They were then Drought into COUrt. The question which the jurywishedtoaskwas, whether any one could have communicated to the prisoner the death of Jacobi cefore he met his officer, of wheom he asked whether hue thought he had }illed Jacobi? The witnesses were recalled, and they stated that in their belief no such information could have been communicated to the prisoner but there was a supposition in the guardroom that Jacobi might have fallen mnto the water, as he had not returued. The jury then again retired for an hour. On their return they gave a verdict of Guilty. The prisoner said, he never did it. ' The usual proclamation having been made, 31r. Justice CnOWDEnss thus addressed the prisoner . Hans Hansen, the jury, after a patientinvesEgation of your case, have foundyou guilty of the dreadful crime of murdering your comrade, Charles Jacobi - and in that verdict I entirely concur. By the law of Enl-and, and by every law divine andlhuman, your life is forfeited. The consolations of religion will be afforded you in prison during the short period of yout- existence on earth, andI intreat you to devote your fewr remamingdaysof life tothe earnest endeavourtoreconcile yourself to your offended Maker, lean hold outto you no hope of pardon in this world, You mulst ask for mercy where alone it is to be found after death. It now only semans for me, in the discharge of my painf-ul duty, to pronounce the awful sentence of the lav. The learned judge then sentenced the prisoner in the usual maimuer. Thoe interpreter repeated the sentence after the judge in a most imnpressive manner. The Court wvas crowded almost to sulffocation, NSI8 PRIUS COoT.-(BefOre Mr-. ScseNCnt CaA a7~d a C'enLmeci Jury.) - - - TR;MIBAlT ,AND WIFE V!. HosKIGSs A2i WIFE. - Mr. M. Smith, Q.C., and Mfr. Coleridge wrere counsel for - the plaintiffs; Mr. II. T. Cole for the defendants. This was an action for defamation of character of the female plaintiff by the female defendant. 'iThe defendants merelypleaded "Not Guilty." - -It appeared by the statement of the-learned counsel for the pla.utiflb, -that the plaintiff. MIr. Trebath, isa farmer of substance, living nearPenzance. The defendabnt, Mr. Ifoskings, is also a farmer, living in the neighbonrhood, and the wives were first cousins. It appeared that both the-wromen were ir. thne habit of attending IPesznce market, and on a day-in January last Mr. Hosldngs, being returning from Pensancel mlarket, asked a neighbour whether she had heard anything abont Mrs. Trembath ? She replied, "-No;" whereupon. Mrs. Hoakings said that she bad stolen a child's' coat from a tradesman's shop in Penzance, and that abe had seen her takcen across the green-market between twoj policemen. This she also was aLeged to have repeatedt othe pesons analo tohav sad ta h a tl ~ba$aersseve yers bfgre a~4tl T it1 ) ttc Q to get her off, and as money. bad got her off btfore so it had now. The defence was, that all that Ers. Hosldngs had' sai1 wa. that she had heard that she had stolen the coat, and that the had seen her between two policemen walking tbrough ihe market ; and it -wa shown that Mrs. Trembath, having tad herpocket picked on that day, had beentalling to two policemen in the market on. the day in question. It was contended that the whole was mere old-wife gossip,'which it was wel known there was to truth in, and thatthe action was an attorney's action, for the purpose of putting costs in the attorney's pocket. Thejuryfoundfor the plaintiff-damages 20s. Thelearned Judge refused to certify the costs. - In the case of Mary Weeks, who was convicted of rnurdor at Exeter last Thursday, we find there has been a -mistake in the orthography as regards the names of the counseL We, therefore, now give them correctly. Mrf. Kin-don and 1r. Phear were counEel for the prosecution, andMr. Ring for the prisoner. It il.but fair to these gentlemen to 'give their names correctly.
T-7.rp. (Trr4 t XflGSTON. 3fi-Rn 27_ (Before kfr. Baron ADi.nisox and a Specia2 Jury.) BUIRST V. THE SOUT11-EASTERU RAILWAY COIPANY. This was an action to recover damages for injuries received oy zn accident a!eged t;o have been caused by the 'xegli. genceof the defendants' servants. Mr. Bovill, Q.C., Mr. L ush, and Mr. -{onymh1 ware counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. E. James, Q.C., znd- Er. Woollett appeared for the South-Eastern la5lway Comn 'pany. The accident that was tSe subject of inquiry took olace in December last, at the New-cross atation of the Forth Kentline. It willbe rememberedthat, inconsequence of the negligence of -the men employed at the -switches, the points were not in a proper state and the tran was in consequence turned off the line into a siding where it came into collision with some empty carriages. The Waintiff who is the capta i of ainerchant vessel, was one o ithe pas-- sengers, and he received very severe injuries, a portion of bone beingt{akeu from one of his legs, and one of his feet ha.ving become paralyzed and, aLccording to the medical evidence, itisvery doubtfulwhether he wrill ever recover the use of it. Mr. JA3ms addresed the jury in mitigation of dinag_,, and, the learned judge having summned up, the jury, after a yer 2lhort doliboartion. returned a verdict for the n1aintHiff -uamages 7501. TUOMSON V. THE SOUTR-EASTER HAILWAY CO 0,IPJ. This was an-action of a similar character to the last. Mr. ML Cbambers, QC., Mr.Lusb, and Mr. Harnnen were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. E. James, Q.C., Mr. Bovlll Q. C., and . Woollett repressnted t}e company. The plaintiff in this action was a highly respectable young lady, whoat the timneof the accident had the, management of an extehaive millinieryestablisbmeS at Wallingford, in Berkshire. The* accident occurred eon the evening of the. 12th of September, near Reading, and it appeared that while the train was on its way to that place, a engine came in an opposite direction upon the same line of rails -whether wilfully or not was never ascertained, as the driver was killed, and there was never any satisfactory explanation of the matter-and the consequence was, that a most fearful accident occurred, many of the carriages of the passenger train being literally smashed to atoms' The unfortunate young lady, who was in one of them, received most serious injuries; she kept her bed for four mionths, and, according to the evidence of tne surgeons who attended her, she woild never in all probability be perfectly restored to health. When the evidence had been partly gone into an arrangement was made, by which the defendants consented to a verdict for the same amount of damages as in the last case -namely, 7501. These causes concluded the buess of the aFliies,
XORTHT WALES CIRCUI - DENBIGHSBIRE. (Before XUr. Juwticc E;sJ;r). - S;lliamlercer pleaded ENotGuil.to ha_hnv , bya false oath, obtained a marge licenoe. - h The indicfment charged the prisoner wit having, on the 20th of December last, falsely sworn before the Rev. George Cunliffe (a surrogate legallyocistituted for granting licenses for marriages), that one Mary Davies-then a minor under the age of 21jears, being of the age of 19 years only-was of the full age of 21 years, for the purpoose of obtaining a license for his marriage waith the said Mary Vavies without the consent bf her father. The prosecutor w~as the Rev. George Cunliffe, vicar of *Yrexham. It appeared froum the evidence that the prisoner called at the house of the Rev. Mr. Cunliffe, in Wrexham, at half-past 11 o'clock, and applied fora license to be married at Gresg ford on the same morning. After observing that the time was short, the reverend surrogate put the requisite questions " where he resided," " his own age," " how long he had resided intheparish," "where the young woman resided,"" her age," &c., and embodied the answers, or most of them, in an affidavit, which the defendant signed. He :aLo administered to him the usald oath. Having obtained a Jicense, the defendant proceeded without delay to Gresford Church, three miles of, where the ceremony was pefformed by the Rev. Mr. Bruce, who deposed that it was concluded just asthe clockstruck 12,thus makingit withinthecanonical hours prescribed. The young lady (whose maiden name w,as MayDavies) at the time of -this marriage was living -vwith her uncle at Gresford, her father and mother being at the tine resident in the Ileof Man. The marriage was therefore solemnized without the consent of her parents. On the day previous the defendant nsulted James]Davies, the parish clerk, about obtaining a license, who told him that there would be no difficulty- if the lady was of full agie. He affirmed she was about 21. Davies also told him that it would be necessary that he should, reside 15 days in the parish. The defendant then said that he would not take a false oath. He would be without a wife for - everlasting rather than do that. Davies directed him to go to the Rev. Mr. Cunliffe. The Rev. George C:nliffe, the Rev. XABrace, and James Davies proved theabove facts, and, the affidavit of the defendant was pat ini. Wlliam Davnes. father of the yo1lng. lady, deposed that she was born on the 26th or 27th of August, 1836.: Mr. WELsBY contended that the indictment for a misdemeanour at common lawwas not sustained, inasmach as the affidavit did not state, as alleged, that- Mary Davies or Mercer was of the age of 2L It merely affirmed that Willian Mercer, of the age of 21, made oath that he belieied there was no impediment or other lawful cause to the marriage, and that he had been a resident for 15 days last past at Greaford, and that was all the surrogate was authorized to inquirebythe 4th of George IV., chap. 76, sec. 14, which awpplied to this case. He assumed thats the defendant stated verbally to Mr. Cunliffe, before the oath was taken, that the lady's age was 21. Hlis Lonsfim? took a note of this ohiectron. Mr. WELSBY then addressed the jury in a humorous speech, suggesting that the defendant was fully impressed w,th the truth of what he had stated as to the lady's age, hasing vrobably been led to believe it by her own state. ment. Pointing out the fact that, if he intended making a false oath, it would have been easy for him to go to Chester and obtain the license there by swearing 15 days' residence, the learned counsel admitted that, unpressed -with visions of future bliss, the defendant had been very hasty in the matter; but, seeing that the parents did not appear to prosecute, he entreated the jury to restore him to his sorrovaing wife, that they might spend their honeymoon happily together. Mr. H. Whalley, captain of a troop in the Denbighshire Yeomanry (to which the defendant belonged), and several other highly respectable witnesses gave him a most unexcep- - tionable character for honesty and. truthfulness. The jury returned an Ac2uitta4 The announcement appeared, to give great satisfaction to the audience inthe hail. The young lady, who was present, and teemed greatly diso tressed during the proceedings, was overjoyed at the verdict.
T'HE ORIGINAL DUKEDOM OF MONTBOOSR, TO THE EDITOEOF THE TMS. Sir,-I observe in the pamphlet by Mr. hMacqueen addressed to Lord Lyndhurst, and upon which Lord Campbell has expressed his belief that the re6ent scheme for the creation of life peers was founded, the following statement: -"Life Deerages would not be an innovation. The Lords have just reported their opinion to the Crown that the original Dukedom of Montrose,.created in 1488, was but-for the life of the grantee." This-statement, proceeding from the quarter it does, and circulated ass it has oeen for such a purpose, is calculated to do my father7's cause, as claimant of the original Dukedom of Montrose, and otherwise, much rejudice; and I am nure that Ir. Macqueen wll forgiveiuo for ointing out that it is erroneous. I W The Dukedom of Montrose was created by a ch{arterof erection, the 18th of May, 1488, "changing!' the " title of Earl," borne by David Earl of Crawford, a title descendibIe eAclusively to male heirs, "into a. greater and higher one"-- to wit, that of "Duke,"ordaining him tobe styled, "Duke, hereditarily, of Montrose," and his heirs to be sled "Dukes " the dukedom and the propertygranted along awith it to be held by Duke David and hs "heirs'-that is, as contended by my fatber, in accordance with technical language(asMiustratedintheveryinvestituresofethe famly at fhe time), with Usage and precedent in similar cases, sand with the context of the grant itself, by the heirs succeeding to the honours and feudal representation of the house of Crawford. The House of Lords reported to Her Majesty that this creation had fallen under and been annulled by an act of Parliament,- the 17th of October, 1488, which has been styled, for convenienep, the Act Rescissory, and which purports to annul, ia general terms, and without individual specification, a grauts of estates, offices, and dignities made bythe late King within a certain period, "which might be pamjdicial to the Crown that now is." The House also reported, under the inspiration of Lord St. Leonard's, that a grant by the- young King. with advice of Parliament, in 1489, by which, in consideration of the ancient Earls of Crawford haing held their estates hitherto bythe title of earl, thattite of earl is changed, de novo, nto a dukedom, was a grant for lUfa only. But this was not the original grant on which, exelusively, my father claimed the dignity; and the Houss vas not entitled to report any opinion upon the re-grant in question, inasmuch as it had not been brought before them by Petition to, and reference from, the Crown in the usual and correct marner, apart from which petition and reference such an opion is, - on every pinciple of law, in the words of- Lord Campbell in the tecent debate, "waste paner. - - ' f needonlyada, thatIbave prolestedto HerMajesty,-on behalf of my father, against the opinion reported to He: Majesty on the subject of the orgnal grant, s being an opinion delvered (as I sabmit) in contrction Io and disregard alike of principle and precedent, and for othe: reamons which may be found at large in the report of tb claim which I have published through Mr. Muray; ani that, with respect to the re-grant, a claim is, for the reason above given, still open and competent to my fatbef i4nder the act of James IV., with advice of Parliament, tie 18th of September, 1489, should he fail in obtaining redress for the injustice done him (as I conceive) by the rontsrkport to Her Majesty. 3 b^Ye the honour to be, Sir, Yanni foh'Aint serVant. INDSAY. Yjorence, Maih l3.
: NAVAL ArD IfIJTRBY aINTgIGBNcZ. 'he gunboat fbotillandtfie-First and Second Eord& of the Admiralty, on borid the BlackEagle ya" attendedibytbe Wanderer screw deptch ieel; Commander Luce, arrved at Portland about 6 o'clock on Tuesday night, wbhre they found the Fourth Diision, under the c o .ind &of Capt in A. C. Key in the Siinspareil, 70.. Any intention of manmuvring the gunboat force was effeetually frustrated by foul winds a ndrough- seas, and the same continuued to prevail the whole'of Wednesday, no rmovements whatever' having been attempted. About 1 o'clock p.m., their Lordships (having previouly 'landed and inspected the breakwater) weighed in their yacht, and,- accowpanied by the Wanderer, 1'procee'ded fr Portsmouth, where they arived about 7 o'clock the same evening, leaving the gunboat squadrons to' return to. Spithead and the Motherbank -when the weather moderated. Sir Charles Wood and Rear-Admital Sir M.- F. F. Berkeley slept on board the Black Eagle, in Portsmouth Earbour, on Wednesday night, and left by the 8.10 express train-on the SoiuthWesteM Railway for London yesterday morning. Her Majesty has expressed hei intention of inspecting the fleet at Spithead on orabout the 16th- of April, when such a force will be assembled as will exeeed that reviewed by the Queen in 1853 by 150 ni or maore, if aul should assemble that are expected. -I * The Centaur, 6, paddewheel frigate, Captain W. J. Cli ford, C.B., having been refitted, went to Spithead yesterdayand rejoined thefeet. The crew of-theTaortarship-Thorh, 12, CaptainLord John Hay, at Plymouth,-b5ent sox6nT2hurday. - - The crew of the St George, 120, CaptiWn Harry. Eyres, will bepaidwages t-day at'Plymouth;4ndganted l4days leave of absence. The screw ateami ip Taies Watt, 91, Captain George MAllot, took her powder and shot on boird in Hamoam e- on Thursday, preparatory for leaving. She is, however, detained in consequence of defects having been. discoveredi3n her boilers. on Wednesday, to get ready for awith all de path the steam gunboats Ant, Pet, Angler, Decoy, Nettle, and Wrangler. The engineers employed willworkeieryn3ght until 10 'clock. From 8,000 to 10,000 quartsrs of wheat, in compliance with a public advertisement, were offered for sale; on Wednesday, to the authorities at the Royal William Victualling Yard, Plymouth. Of -this quantity, 400 quarters only, from Messr Fox, Sons, and Co., at 68s., were accepted. . - The Vesuvins got up steam yesterday morning for the purpose of renaering assistance in being warped out of the outer basin at Woolwich. She is now moored in the! river off the dockyard, so as to receive her ammunition from the Arsenal, preparatory to proceeding to Greenhithe to be swung. The deptch gunboat Intrepid, Commander Wood, is toleave Woolwich also to-morrow for Greenhithe, thence to Portsmouth. The Roebuck despatch gunboat is ordered to be docked atWoolwich. The gunboat Grappler, builtby Messrs. Retcher, of Limehouse, is to be launched to-m6rrow. The Spanker and the Thrasher were yesterday morning.taken out of No. 1docc, and removed to basin, and the Traveller was at the same time hauled out of the basin and docked at Woolwich. Lieutepant D. E. Orr has been appointed additional Lieutenant to the Victory, 104, Captain the Hon.J. RI Dmum-ond, C.B. - An order has been received from the War-office by 'Lieutenant-Colonel B. E. 3L Gordon, conmmanding the 6 company dep6t of the 91st Regimentat Chtha barracks, for the whole of that dep6t to proceedto thecaurp at Aldershott on Friday next. This depOt is upwards of 500 strong.; the head-quarters of the regiment are stationed in Greece. 300 non-commissioned officers and privates of the Royal Artillery, with their commanding officers, are to leave headquarters, Woolwich, to-morrow, for Ipswich, to join Captain Middleton's (the 13th) company, for the purpose of forming a battery. A number of men have aarived at Woolwich from Tilbury Fort, having been discharged from the 'depOtof the Tarldsh Contingent. - Reports are current that the corps is to be speedily disbanded. Each man, on receiving his discharge, as granted his passage money and a bonus of 1U. - . Yesterday, being what is termed " marching past day," about 5,000 men of the Royal Artillery were.drawn upin front of -the baacks on Woolwich-common and inspected by the colonels commanding, before whom they defiled in divisions aud withdrew to quaters. The cleanliness and soldierlike bearing of the men and the superior deportment of the non-commhissioned officers were the theme of remark among the numerous persons present.
THE MEDICAL PBOP-.EB&O2 ,BILL TO TElE EDITOR OF THE TME. Sir,-There never was a measure brought before Pali&ment in connexionwith the medical profession so fraught with dangerto -the public as the bill now- intoduced by Mr. Healam. It appears-to nieib bethorouglhlybeside the mark; instead of elevatingthe educationletatutof-the profession, it will lower it, and virtually give those persons -legal sight to practise, who have had no profession:al test of their competency. I allude more particularly to those gentlemene now in practice vwith one qualification only-3nen who are practiEdng as surgeons, with plates on their door, who have never passed any College of Surgeoon examination, and likewise men practising as apothecaries *ho have never passed the examination of the Apothecuries' Company. 2 Under this bill either pasty registering becomes legally qualifled, and thus a great injustice is done towards the doubly qualifiod practitioner, but a still greater to the public at large, insaxntch as it will for ever do away with any intention many might ha-ve of obtaining the double qualification who now possesS only one, and by simply registering under the new bill tiley will palm themselves off before the public as equally competent as their more fortunate brethren who successfully passed both examinations. This fact ought seriously to occupy the attention of the supporters of the bilL It is Well known that the ea ;ination of the College of Surgeons extends only to ainatomy and surgery and physiology, and no mention is even made of medicine, and yet men who have passed this only are to be registered as " duly qa3lified" to practise medicine among Her Majesty's sabjects. So, on the other hand, men wholhave onlypassed the Apothecaries' Company will by registering be duly qualified to practise surgery -who have never been tested in Lincoln's-inn-fields; and there is no doubt but that a great deal of the support which has-been givento this new bill by the profession has been mainlyfrom men holding but one qualication, but who, should the bill become law, will be put upon an equality with the mea holding tvo. A great boon to the publiiwould be conferredif anyrdember of the House would at once move for a' retirn to be mnade by the Apothecaries' Company and also by the College of Surgeons of the number of candidates who go into practice after having been rejected ait their respective examinations. Thus a man passes the Hall and is rejected the College; and yet he goes into practice; others .pasa-the Col; lege and are rejected by the Hall, and they go like*ise into ptactice. And yet these partie, .bqth considemdincoznpel tent by opeof theexamining bodies, will by regisng" u.nder this new biU become " duly'qnliIinY S.Surely, Sir, there is a great evil here, Lnd one that will tell eventually upon thepublic. WiAle sucNhIrevelationsisthose at Rugeley and Leeds are eonsingout it is notn time to belowering the grade of the profession which hm to do vith the health and wellbeing of society. Those who are to be the guardians of it cannot be too Svell educated, and a bill to-betterregulate it ought to have for its main feature proteption of the public, and guarautee that the pexties przitising it are well educated in their calling. In conclusion, Imust say I conslder -this bil to be -well received from different motives ;-it will loosen the rea strictions upon a certain portion of the profession, while, u nder the humbug of "registering," it wll'deceive the public as to the real:- professional- education of the regstered. It is a step backward.. If my: suggestion be carried out, of a member moving for- a return of the number of candidates for the respective t'lplomas whho have been rejected, andyet have gone into practice withoutagain presenting themselves, for examainaion for the last ten years, it will furnish some good information for them to .legislate upon, and will tend to-show the nierit 'or dermerit of existing examining bodie6, and' will furnish the public with some idea of the interest they have at stake in the present movement, and cause them to, take a more active part in the matter. Iam. Sir. vour.obedientserrant. I )EIOUS. March 26. ___ __ _ I_ - ' FAL OF A RO!AN CAtoLo COU'. AT PRM TON. -On Thusday last, about noon, -St. -Mars Catholic,chapel, Friargate-hill, suddenly fell doww and became a mass- of Yruns. Severalworlnen ,have been employed forwmse tiie at the btnldin& preparatoryto its enlargement. The were aboutto widen it, and for that"purpose intended to tXe out the side wall, A large quantity of earth had been sdut awayfiom the wall, auditi supposed thattlis weakened it and was theimnedit cauee of the destr.ctios ef the build-s ing. The two gable ends are still standing, but in. such £ dangerous state that their fall may be looked for any moment. 2 The seats, furuiture, books,,-indeed, every, ,th,ing belonging to the c,hp,el hgs been, sm?.slhed Jdtm to pieces and buried beneath the ruing. Very forhM.tely, none of the men employed about the building we.e in any way in3ured. The chapel will-nor lhave to be entirely rebuilt.-Jres4on CauzrdiaPn
COURT CIRULAM. WINSOR, ,MitCa 27. - The dumer party yesterday included His Majesty the King of the Beleians, hei Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent, her Roal,Highness the Pincess Royal, the Belgian Minister IL A:Van de Weyer); Lady Fanny Howard, qBaroness e- Spaeth, Colone W. Thornton, conmmanding officer '2d bttalion Grenadier Guards, Colonel do Moerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Dr. Rieken. - The band of the Grenidier;Guds played. duin dinner. The Queen's private band aewards performed in the Castle the following pieces Overte, "rrecios" .. .. .. Weber. toncerto (lit movement) ou, 1iL Bemndnyi Paganini. Selection, "A ZaIdere" .. ... .. .. Auber. Der Grue im A1penlande X .aus h . . . HIbner. The HonL Eleanor Stanley and the Eon. Lucy hI. Kerr have succeeded the Hon. Caroline Cavendish aad the Hon.. Flora Macdonald as Maids of Honour in Waiting to Her majesty. Colonel the Ron. N. Eood has succeeded Lieutenant-Co. lonel P. Cvendish as Groom in Waiting. The Bishop of Jamaica and the Bishop of Kingston had an interview with Mr. Secretary lAbouchere on Wrednesday at the Colonial-office. Dr. Ryerson had an interview yesterday with' Mr. Secretary Labouchere. Captain Bates, 45th Regimentahi;d an interviewon Wednesday with Mr. Secretary labouchere. Despatches were received yesterday at the Colonial-office from the Governors of.Vietoria, South Australia, Van Die. raen's Land, Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, and Prince Ed. ward's Island. -
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The letter of Mr. Walter Savage Landor, headed "A'leeafor M Kossuth," and your own remarks oa it, put me in the disagreeable position of troubling you. Allow me to state in your paper that not only have I had no knowledge of what Mr. W. Savage Iandor thought fit to do, but I findno words sufficiently expressive of the deep mortification and regret I have felt on reading Mr. Ludor's appeaL tions I consider his letter extremely injudicious and nncaled for, inasmuch as, whatever be my private circumstances, I am wont to consider them the sacred domain of family life. As to your remarks on the " immorality" of the struggle which it has been my destiny to lead, youmaust allow me to say thus much in returm-that you must be perfectly ignorant of its nature and character, or else you could not think of perverEng historical truth to that extert. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. L. KOsSmlTT 8, South-ba, Regenets Park, Mxch 2B.
Tnn MATTs.-SouT Tox, March 27.-The 'Peninsular and Oriental Companfs steamship Madrid, Captain Bradshaw, sailed this afternoon wvith the mails. for Vigo, Oporto, Lisbon, Cadix, and Gibraltar, 30 pas. sengers, among whom are MCr. Jame6 St. Clair Glasbn, Mr.- and Mrs. Vernon, &c., specie 32,960l., and bar gold value 5,859!. for Lisboon; 20,8651. vamue in bar gold for Cadiztotal 59,684!., and & good cargo of general mierchandise. The paddlewheel steamship Valetta also left to-da for Marseilles direct, under -the coruaud of Captain W. H. Roberts, late commander on the company's Bombay and Cluna line. This vessel wi, on her' arrival out, take the a1 ce of the screw steamer Alhainbra, now running e- ween Malta and Marseilles. The Valetta and the Vectis mil again be regularly employed on that line, both vessels ha-ing undergone extensive repairs. -The Alhambra will sa 1 at once for Southampton, where she will be probably mledready for the Peninsular line. The Unite& States' in-il steamsihip Washington, Captain Cavendy, Ieft yesterday for New York with the German, French, and lish 2na'ls, 150 passengers, and i; full cargo of French and En,hsh merchandise. ' The Royal Mail Companv's steamshi) a Plata, Captain Weller, with thne nnext West India, descan, and PacHfic malls, is expected about Sunday next. s Parana, Captain Wilson, wvill sail swith the outward ma'ls for the WestIndies, Gnlf of Mexico, and Pacific on the 2d proximo. Tan ASxEnM XOR IDIOT3.-The 'festival of the -Asdul3m for Idiots, the establishments of which are situate at Earlswood, Red-hill, Surrey, and Essex-hall, Colchester, wa; celebrated yesterday by an elegant banquet at the. London Tlavern. Phe chair was taken by the Lord Mayor, and at the cross-table were observed Lord Monteagle, Lord R-inham, Sir G. Carroll, Mr. SheriffRose, Alderman Wire, MP., Mr. MX Chambers, U.P, Mr. Under-Sheriff Stone, Mr. Twining, Mr. Peter Hardy, and other. gentlemen. The Lord Mayor, in proposing -the toast. of 'the evening, "Prosperity to the Asylum for Idiots," informed the comny that it was founded in 18.97 that -there are now 256 children in the asylums at Earlswcod and Colchester,- and that the results of the training have been most satisfactory. It appeared that, oat of 83 boys in one asylum, 32 write in -opboks, and SO en slate3; *tat si; ire mnatmakers, who en n for the institution from 70!: to S0L. a-year - that eight r tabilors, four gardeners, and-sx house assistants. All the children behave with great. ddcoru, and ill of them have, more or less, evinced improvement. Thenew asyluua at Reigate was oApened by his B=oyalfgbness Prnce lbert inua st is estimated to Jeoeive 400, and -possesses capabilities for a larger number. The cos, including the purh f1-26 acres of land, will amouut to about 40,000O., | utrthae ofit require 10,000!. to com lets and furnish the new as5lum;andit mayalsobe state that the income of the waylum has been affected by the war, and that .the high prices of provisions have grealy increased the current expenditure. In some respects, however, the asylum is a sion,asmch as moderatepayments I are reqaired from sach' friends of idiots as posses the means of supporting them. The Lord Mayor in recapitulating these facts feelingly advocated the pecuiar c'aims of theinstitistionto the supporte fthe public. -Itis Icntended by-the committee, in theier report, that the evil of idiotcy, lhke ins anty, is wholly physical,- and,' although there is some reason to doubt the unxiversal acceotance ol this theory by the medical profession, no one ill ouestion th& benevolence which cames its theory so admirably into practice, and (to quote from the report) "leaves nomeas untried to effect the recovery of the idiot-to elevate hiin from existence to life-from animal being to manhoodfrom vacancy and unconsciousness to reason and reflection." The appeai of the Lord Mayor was responded to by a subsnription of nearly 2,00!. The. "health of the Lord Mayor" -ras proposed by Sir G. Carro'll in a complimentary speech, and briefly responded to by his Lordship. Mr. Chambers, MP., afterwards, delivered a long oration in proposing the toast of "the Presidents and Vice-President3 of the institation!' (responded to by one equaly elaborate fromLord Monteagle); and othertoasts,too numerous to specify, having been disposed of, the company separated. The arrangements of the festival were, as usual, well worthy of the management of the tavern, and the guests had every reason to be satisfied- with the provision made for their comfort and entertainment by Mesrs. Funge and.Palmer, under the superintendence of Mr. Bathe.. The vocalists engaged on the occasion included Mr. Donald Kin es rs. Jolley, Miss Clara Hfenderson, and Miss Heywood. The serious illness of 3fr. lIiUgg precluded his ittendance as toastmaster. A lithogra Ec copy of a drawing from the 'pencil of one of the "improved" idiotic inmates of the asylum was exhibited in one of the anterooms, and we were favoured by the secretary with many interesting incidents illustrative of the happy effects of the medical treatment of the idiots,, and the extraordinary moral and religious impressions produced on their nascent intellect by the teaching of the ohaplain and his assistants. THE MuiDEins AT E na.-'he case of Xary Weeks, the-young womanwho was convicted at the recent assizes for the wilful murder of her illegitimate child at Exeter, and execution stayed in wonsequence of. a jury of matronshaving pronounced her "quic.c with child," has excited much interest in the city of LLetr, and efforts are making to obtain a commutation of tle sentence. The jury have, memoripaized -Her Majesty oni the subject, stating thev believe that the culprit c6mnimitted the crime under the influence of Thomas Warren, thE principal wituess against her andto whom, it will be remembered, she was about to bie married; and that she was labouring under so much excitement and trouble at the time that she was temporarilyirresponsible for her actions. An opinion pretty generaly vailsin Exeter that -he prisoner will not be executed, trut thither sentence will be comniuted to transportation or imprisonment for life.' THEATRE RoyA YmwuwTh-The opera of La Vecekia Jfadre Ubardo, the most successful LinguaFranca opera, by the most. successful-almost the -only successful-though others ought to have been successfulvet few, like Grindini, have been sacoessful-of LinguaV:anca composers, was last might produced at this hbuse. The overture, with its prophecies of a vacant cupboard, and shopping vists to numerous- tradesmen, the theatre crammed to the ceiling; and- the books of the opera (incorrect by the way, as the original editions do not contain the -cavatina - Piccola Bo-Pipa," the words of which are by Petzrch, and the music by Paisiello), inevitably referred-us to Sadler'sWells, Nell Gwynne, and Tennyson. But Tenny. son, ell Gwynne, and- Sadler's Wels, were dispelled from oulrthoughts whenthe curtainrose upon the first act, and the ,jmirna donncz,-in.the character of La YecchiaMAtdre, after the opening recitative, proceeded to sing- " Ando *1 fornaio, ! Comprare del pane, - - - . E quando ritorma, - '"W morto ll cane - The fair can tariee evoked the most rapturous applause, for she smng with a pw-ande = and a raggio, es,ecially in the schae-ando movement which marks the transition from the key of S minor to that of Q major (scientifically and artisticaly 3nodulated, by the-way, both by the- vocalist and, the orchestra) that fascinated the audienc - We certainly'objected tothe substitution of the acclenrtdo for the sostenuto time in te- last three bars, which ought, strictly speaking, to have occupied seven more seconds in the performance. But we must not qu.rrel with artstei of the Lingua.-Franca schoolof music for departing from the purer priciples of the Germa. Madame Sarabandini and Signor lassosfogatonever -sang baeter in their lives, andthefavourite rondo- - "A lla taberna vicina ando, "Vinorosso e blanco comprare; Ma danlmadre ritormo, " i= t= il can fa stsr," . ' wa,as redemande-d thii afstroreof appause. The scenery was -abominably painited -the choreswere totlly ignorant of their parts, and thetspotion of the music, origi,lly designed for a contrgo inthe ch er of li CalsoLalo, so as to 4uit. a baoprofo o, was somewhat miimical to the succeasof thecpera. iMherrsects, if the three acts be compreased ntoone, therecitative ana the choruses excised, and the ?ibreo sng in German instead of French, English, andItal;, -e predict that La Vechiet Madre VW?*rno 'Aun hhve a entv -Aftu4rnc P .
D.D Lw.-How freely, even in spite of yearly nmassacres, the crop of .legislation sdrings another fignre or two wil1 suggest. On the subject of the qulification and election of a member of Pirliament there exist 1S5 acts. On the sabject of Poor Law there are, in the statute-book, 120 acts. Upon the matter of stamps there are 130 acts. gpon the subect of Excise, 120. One act ought to suffice .oreach of these matters- yet the statutes still, includo 4,000 or 5,000 pa es of dead revenue law. Even the law -concerning sherilh and their officers is published in no less than 55actsof Parliament. Theconsequenceofallthisis,that judgze and counsel, when they ,exerclse their wits on any case, must either put faith in a fallible digest or marna] made by a private lawyer-if, byobance, that containstheinformation wanted-or they must go through the whole of tho statutes from Magna Charta to the present day; and, 'with the help of an imperfect index, findthe bit of statute they require, as 'well as malke suro tht it has not been affected or modified byany other bit of statute bearing later daie. Then of course, there are also ontradictions in abundanoe. Public and general provisions of all sorts, often conflicting in their principles, are elipped into local acb.-Dkicnef goutc7w TWore.,)
RAILIWAY INT?LLIGBNCE. -NORFOLK lfr. G. P. Bidder the engineer-in-chief of the line, in reply to the recent report of ieutenant-ColcnemWynne to the Board of Trade on the condition of the works of this line, in connexion with the Eastern Counties Railway, states in a. letter to the directors of the Norfolk Comnpany *-"I have received from your secretary a copy of the report of lieutenant-Colonel Wynne, addressed to the Railway Department of the Board of Trade, on the 21st of February, upon the condition of the Yarmouth and Lowestoft branches of your line; and alzo a letter thereupon from the super- i intending engineer of the Eastern Counties Railway, corm- municated to the directors of that line, under date of' March S. Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne reports generally that he found parts of the timbers, of which the bridges nudviadaucts of the line are princpally constructed, 'in a dangerous state of decay ' some parts of these timbers were, he says, so rotten that they 'could be dug out with a spade like garden mould-' and he coneludes tnat 'if 'cOd has no greater durability than is here ezhibited, it can hardly be considered i safe matirial for railway structures As ono of the engineers under whose advice and direction these branches were eriginally constructed, i feel it rint, before entering on the details of eLeutenant-Colonel Wynnes report, to say at -once that-I differ from Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne upon the conclusion at which he thus arrives. In the first place, I submit that whilelientenant-ColonelWynne, sincethe commencement of the year, has sent to the Railway Departnent ,of the Board of Trade two different reports, in which helas alarmed the mind of the public as to the condition of the Eastern Counties Railway, he has been totallyunable to cite one solitary case of accident apon that line arising out of the state ofthings -which he reorts to be so dangerous. Lieutenant Colonel Wynne expresses doubts throughout his report if ood can boe considered a safe material for railway structures at all. *ButIthiink I shall be able to show that wood has proved itself to be one of the most safe materials for railway structures. Iron girders have occasionally failed -brickxarches have broken down-earth embankments have settled-cuttings have slipped and turned trains off the line -tunnels have fallen in-various accidents, from failure of brickwork, earthwork, and ironwork, have occurred on railways; but I believe that no one can point to an instance in wrhich an accident has been shown to - arise from the simple failure of timber. Experience, therefore, is opposed to the conclusion of the' Government officer. But we also know that timber works are as safe as any other class of works for railways, because they are more easily capable of inspection. In an iron casting there may be a flaw which the most experienced person may be unable, to detect; an against which no one can provide; no one can see into brickwork; but with timber,iwhen it commences to decay-I as decay it will, like everything else-that decay is easily I detectable. Reason teaches, also, that timber is more readily capable than any other material of simple, cheap and perfect restoration. If a beam or sleeper proves to be %unsound, al that is needful is to replace that single beam or sleeper. Hence, no doubt, the reason why timber is so! generaily adopted UpOnl railwvays as the basis of the fabric. Nenrly every railway rests upon a timber foundation, inasmuch as the rails.rest on -wooden sleepers. All such wooden sleepers are liable to perish, yet, aS before observed, they a7re in all but universal use. It results, either that Colonel Wynne's doubts are without foundation, or that all engineers -who have constrcted railways resting on wooden sleepers are wrong in their observations, experience, and practice. The daration of unprepared timber, exposed to the action of the atmosphere, is estimated at from 12 to 14 years. Those who use timber for railway works anticipate that during that peiod' they will gradually decay, and that at the end of that time they will have so far perished as to require replacement. Engineers,'therefore, can foresee, with compnrative certainty, the extent of the works which will be required on a line each succeeding year, and the times at wlhich the timber that is used will require inspec. tion and replacement. Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne appears to think that this is a disadvantage. He says, 'The progress of decay in timber is so rapid, that by the time all the lines, on some 400 or 500 miles of railway, have been temporarily secured, it Will be time to go over them all again.' Bat so far from this being undesirable, Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne represents it, Isubmit that the verynecessity thus created is the best security for the safety of a railway and for that exernption from danger he is anXiOUs to establish. Of all things, it is most needful for the safety of a line that it should be under constant superintendence and inspection in its different parts; and this is best secured when repaqirs ofi Some sort or anotherare u3nderstood to be continualy gOin7g on, so that a staff is permanently kept up, whose attentionis constantlydirectedto the condition andmaintenance ofvorks It is eperience and experimeent which alone have taughtus that engines can travel with safety upon railways. And so with the timber employed in constructing a rail -way. No one by looking at a beam, and seeing that it - is more or less decayed, can, therefore, aathorita tively decide that it is insecure and daugerous. Experience alone can teach to what extent the depreciation of that beam can be alowed to go on without insecurity and danger. Flrorm the first day it is finished, everything on a railway, timber' included, begins to depreciate and decay. That depreciation and decay is progressive. *,But who would require the reconstruction of the whole line at the irst ap- pearance of decay? Even the GovernmentInspector in thie| present case admits that very advanced decay may be consLstent with security, for reporting on the Thorpe Viaduct, ne says:- " 'The piles and braces showed them (sic) to be inan ad. s-anced state of decay. Thin decay, I nm of opinion, has not yet-reached an extent (sic) to be dangerous.' On Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne's own showing, therefore, experience enly can determine to what extent decay in timber --k ic A-.nroans: and.-in the case of the Eastern Counties Railway system, wnatever may be the extent-of that decay, experience has show. up tothis moment that that decay may go on without being accompanied with any bad reslts to traflic. Itshouldbepremisedthattheuseoftimberforthebridges and viaducts on the Eastern Counties Railwaywas notalone adopted from choice. Necessity compelled the employment of the materiaL The portions of the line to which the Government Inspector's report applies passes over marsh land and swamp for a greater length than - rerhaps any other line in England. The foundations, there- ore, with which the constructors had to deal admitted of no other descriptioa of viaduct or bridge than such ias could be constructed oftimber. In many places the pilesonwhiclh the bridges rest are driven from 35 to 40 feet below the surface. If a foundation could have been made at such a depth, the cost of obtaining it would have prevented the construction of the railroad. Besides, the part of England through which this . line travels oes not afford either iron, stone, or materials for raldng brick. To have brought all these to the spot, before the railway was made, would have been' a work of great difficulty as well as of vast expense. The contractors were, therefore, driven to timber bridges, not merely from choice, but as the only class of bridges adapted to the line of country. The engineers advisedly designed these bridges in the simplest possible form. Beyond the bracings requisite to keep the piers stiff the bridges are notbing more than plain beams of timber butted together.' Timber being perishable, it was deemed especially -necessary that the bridges should be so constructed as to admit of the easiest inspection, and of frequent reparation with the least possible obstruction to the traffic on the 3Mne. The engineers relied not on skill or artful combinations, ' but on the unaided strength of the timbers themselves. If they had designed very complicated pieces ~of woodwork, partally informed persons might have ad3mred it, but it would not have proved so strong, so durable, or so easily replaced as a bridge constructed in the simplest form. When these bridges were designed and execuated it was anticipated by the constructors that they would last from l2 to 14 years-the usual period for the duration of timber in similar situations. It was not, however, anticipated that they woulld last during that period -without attention and occasional reparation. Everyone knows that where water gets into the joints of timber, decay is induced; and that frequent examination is requized to avert the - consequences. If- the indpient decay of woodwork is not stopped, it becomes as it were contagious, and the general deterioration is proportionately rapid. .but, if stopped in time, the maintenance of the fabric will - be Eroortionately prolonged. Now, how do these -facts linPP Y nselves to th present state of the bridges on our ine'! The Yarmouth branch, which the Govesnmey insPector reports to be in the worst state, was opened in 1844, 32 years ago. During a conaiderable portionx of that time owing to the insufficiency of the repairs effected by a late suPerintendent engineer, the bndges and viaducts upon the line have been without any repirationm of any sort. Yet what have been the results? From IS4 up to this moruent, the traffic of the line has been carried on over these timber viaducts and bridges - without a single accident, and, untilwithin the last 12 months, 'with'out the slightest impediment to traffic ! These results, then, demonstrate conclusively the applicability of timber for railway bridges, its durability to the full extent expected-from it, and the safetyof such works for all purposes of traffic The assumption that-bridges andvirAucts of timber are unfitted forr2ilways, and that the material is Aunsafe, as Lieutenant-Colonel lynne reports, is proved by these -facts to be mere assumption, based unon no expeience, and communicatedwithout consideration. I have already advertedto the fact that these bridges and viaducts ave lastedtheperod they were expected to endure, and that in consequence of tbe fce yofterpisdn byalate - ^ enginsu~ciency of tepairs dlone Superntendng en ier n your em~ployment, I re have fallen Into amc vreste hntey ought to have been permitted to have fallen into. he extensve reparations required upon these bridges were fully reported to the Eastern Counties Company by their present engineer, Mr. Peter Bruff, at the first meeting i after his appointment in February, 1855. From that period down to the present time-i.e., for nearly 14 months, Mr Bruff and his staff have been unceasingly engaged in the w-ork of reprtion. The Government inspector, after doclaring, as ne says, Iwthout exaggeration,' that 'in many parts the timbers could be dug out with a spade like arden mould,' tells you ofthe viaduct on which heinspectthese -timbers, 'When I inspected it the repairs it was undergoing -were nearly completed, and I am able to report that they arc such as to fullymeet the exigency of the case and to place the structure in perfect security.' Ishall not'stop to consider the propriety of alarming the public mind by a representation shaped in a manner so liable to misconstruction; the report itself shows that the necessary repairs have been and are still actively going on under Mr. llraffs management, and it is clear, from the absence of all accidents, that those repairs have been made, in time. In Mr. Bruffs comment upon the Government inspector's report, he observes that he is ' un- able to discover that any defects are pointed out which the company are not remedying, or that any source of danger is suggested that has not been garded against by every reasonable precaution. No efforts or e.xpense are being spared by the company to guard the public from danger, or in puttin; their worls into the best consdition; indeed, this is evidenced by Colonel Wynne's report, for the repairs to bridges which he refers to so favourably are, in fact, but precautionary measures adopted :s preventions against accidents until more permanent reconstruction can be undertaken.' The report contains certain par=raphs which appear to address themzelves to the sharehol ers of the company, and 1 Wichil exaggeate the cost at wiFch th ee reparftions WriM be accomplished. That cost, in several succemsive reports from your suerintending engineer, has been very carefully estimnate. Se puts it at a toztal sumn of W&0 a-mile,fo which 1201. per mile must be deducted for substantial improvements proposed:to be effected. The average- cost of the repairs, therefore, over the Norfolk line will amount to 230L a-mile. And this estimate entitles me to say, not only I that timber viaducts and bridges are as sate, if not safer, than others, but that they are infinitely more cconomicaL The estimate for reparations, at 2301. -a-mile, includes, of course, permanent -way, sleepers, rails, ballast, and everything appertaining to the line. Assuming that one-half of the 230M. per mile will be applied to the repair and reconstraction of bridges, this gives, for the Norfolk line of railway ~94 miles), a sum of 11,0001 in the whole, for all the repairs required by their bridges and viaducts after the wear and tear of 12 years. The sum is unusually small. Had thege bridges been built of brick or iron they vwouldhave cost at least 50,0001. more than they did cost. The interest on 50,0001., at 1. per cent., is 2,5001. a-year, whiclh in 12 years would have amounted to 30,0001. Instead of 30,0001. interest, we have, after the expiration of 12 years, to pay only 11,0001. to put the whole of the bridges in complete and effectual repair. The result is unexampled; especially taking into account the small intermediate repairs effected. Other railway are, undoubtedly, spending as much on the same objects, not after 12 years, but every year, and without any greater securitywhatever to the public. Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne, towardsthe conclusion of his report, takes exception to the mode of construction adopted in the viaducts upon your line, which he says is of ' an objectionable character,' He reports that- "'Instead of joming the longitudinal timbers with avertical scarf, as every experienced carpenter would do, the timbershavebeenbalanced together over the capsill, and in many instances the lowrer half of one of the timbers left writh a bearing less than twoinches on the capsill The obvious consequence of this is, that when the edge of of the capsill decays-and it is naturally the first part to o-the hearing strength of the timber is thus reduced onenialf. This mode of consi.-ctiou being permitted, it may be inferred that when the original strncturewas builtavery inadequate superintendence was exercised over the contractor, who was allowed to put in as bad timber as workmanship.' I cannot avoid observing that this passage of the insector's report has been penned without due consideration. H charges this had timber and this error of construction jupon the original constructors of the line. Now,what are the F cthese '2Lny experienced carpenter' who had examined etimbers properly could have seen that they were not the original timbers of the line, but timbers used for temi orarv rehoaizs brthe late superintending engineer, to mnade investigation and inquiry sufiiently careful even to bring this fact to his knowledge, the Govermment inspector based on it a charge against both superintendents and constructors-men, it should be mentioned, of the highest qualiications and the largest experience. And Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne, moreover, makes this charge, oblivious of the fact that if it had been true it would be almost as damaging to the railway department of the Government as to the constructors for it is to he borne in mind that the line was inspected.anl reported upon by a Govermment inspector before it was opened, and his report contains no mention either of bad timber or bad workmanship " In order to inquire and report satisfactorily respecting a railway, it is necessary that the inspectors shouldbe persons of enlarged experience, accustomed not only to the construction of ailways, but to their daiy use. In the present and in other cases the reports to the Board of Trade upon railways, their worling, and their condition, have been made by a gentleman who has never himself been engaged in the construction of X single mile of railway or of a single bridge, who practically kinows nothing about either, and whose only source of practical acg,uaintance with the subject on which he so strongly reports is that practice of inspection of new railways which, for all useulpurposes, every civil engineer knows to be valueless and absurd. When we remember that, with a host of eminent officers of Engineers employed'iu the Crimea, Her Majesty's Government, nevertheless, thought it proper to intrust practical civil engineers (the pricipal of whom was engaged in the construction of your line) with tho duty of laying down six miles of railway from Balaklava to the heights, it certainly does ap pear not a little anomalous that -that Government should: think itproper to commit the inspection of the railway works of practical civil engineers to men of the very class to whom they could not committheir constraction. If inspectionsand xeports of this sort are persisted in, I aslk, in conclusion, what will be the consequence ? At the present time, in case of accidents upon a line the law exposes the railway company on whose-line it occurs to very serious liabilities and penalties. That law was adopted, in the belief that it would afford the public the best security against railway accidents. Bat it railway directors and raanagers are to be interfered with, not only when accidents occur, but when they do not occur, the result will be that railway directors and mana,ers will decline the responsibilities they now undertake, and charge them upon those who assert the right to control their management. If Government will interfere, it is to Government the public must look for safety, and for compensation when thatsafety is not secured. So that the whole question, in reality, reduces itself to this :-'Who is to be responsible ? Experience has shown that, without Govermnent interference, your line, even when in the bad state alleged, can be worked with perfect security and safety to the public by your own comnetent, experienced, and careful officers; butl think it may properly be a serious matter for your consideration whether, subject to Government interference from inexperienced: inspectors, .you will do wisely to guarantee that perfect publlc safety -which you have hitherto been able to afford. GLASGOW, DU BAIATON, AND ELENSBURG.IL The second ordinary meeting of t'is company was held in Glasgow on Wednesday; Mr. Coln Campbell, jun., in the chair. The report of the directors stated that since the last meeting, held on the 17th of September last, two caLs of 21. each per share had been made; and there was, on the 3d of January last, a sum of 10,7601. of those calls in arrear by the ordinary shareholders, which had, however, now been reduced to a sum of about 3,0001., and the subscription LPayablebytheEdinburgh and Glasgow Railway Companywhenever te other sharehoIders havepaid 50,000., ainountinVto 32,0001., withinterestfromthedateofthecallsupontheot er shareholders. The report also stated that the contractors had commnenced their works on the line at the Dalreach tunnel early In September, and were now proceeding with the works at various points. They had succeeded in obtaining possession of the fand almost throughout the whole line, and they had also made considerable progress in the settlements with proprietors and tenants. They trusted that before another half-yearly meeting takes place nearly the whole land claims will be settled, and the works be in a state of great forwardness. The CAnzstres moved the approval of the report, and requested the meeting to sanction the proceedings which were being taken to enforce payment of arrears. It was absolutelynecessary fhat these cals should bepaid up, to facilitate the arraugementsvwith the Edinburgh and Glasow Railway Company. H:e also moved: that the number of directors be reduced from nine to seven. Mr. EwiNc seconded the motion, which was agreed to, and the meeting separated. NORTH BRITISH. An adjourned meeting of this company wasiheld at Edinburgh on Wednesday, to receive the report of the scrtineeis on the votes and proxies given in at the meeting on the 18th, for andagainstthe directors. Mr. Hodgson, chairman of the company, presided. The scrutineers reported that there had voted: for the following motion-" That the course pursued by the board of directors in regard to the money bill be approved, and the measure passed through Parliament without delay"present in person and byproxy, 1,048 shareholders,representing 1,10W,3931. stock, giving 11,020 votes; and that the number of shareholders who voted for Mr. Walker's amendment, " that the conduct of the directors benot approved of, and that the money bill be restricted in amount," being 620, representing 986,0901. stock, giving 8,043 votes; thus showing ai majority of 428 persons, 122,303=. stock, and 2,792 votes for the said motion. Two of the scratineers objected to 14 proxies being used in favour of the motion, on the ground that the parties who gave them appeared at the meeting, though they did not vote. The scratineers for the directors contended that that objection was erroneous, and that the said proxies (representing 25,408. stock and 185 votes) should be recorded in favour of the motion, thus makdng the majority 442 per. sons, 147,4111. stock, and 2,977 votes. For the office of directors, the scratineers reported that 1,005 persons had voted for Mr. Douglass, 992 for Mr. Sprot, 636 for Mr. Leishman, and 632 for Mr. Walker. The two former, -who were retiring directors, were therefore re-elected. The COAn n3rA, in declaring that the resolutions of the directors had been-carried, said he had no hesitation in expressing his belief of the validity of the proxies objected to, though that question did not alter the result. He had also to declare that Messrs. Sprot and Douglass were re-elected directors. Mr. M'GAvI- remarked that, though the opposition headed by Mr. Walker had not been successful, having been decided against bythe preference shareholders, it had still taughtasalutary lessonto the directors. He had nodread of a little wholesome agitation in railway companies, as it generally tended to improve dividends and put things in a mnore satisfactorystate. He wished to askthe chairman as to the dividend he antic pated on the line afterthe moneybill should have d and their financial affairs should be adjusted. He hadseen it stated in a report as 1 per cent. The CHAirmsw said, the prospective dividend he had estimated was 1 per cent. per half-year, or 2 per cent. per annum. Hehadeveryreasontobelievethat thisantidpated dividend would be realized. The meeting then separated. ST. ANDREW'S AND QUEBEC. A special meeting of the class A shareholders of this comny was held yesterday, at the office, Parliament-street, Westminster, to consider a proposition for the transfer to a company now in course of formation of the rights and privileges now vested in the company, a ld to pass resolutions in connexion therewith; Mr. F. Edwards in the chair. Mr. BMNA the secretary, read the report, which stated at the new copany lropsed to be formed would,3have a icaptal oK600,0001. in 30,00shamsof 201. each, of whichoruy ,OOOl., or 17,500 shares, would be disposed of at present, that being the amount required to complete the first section to Woodstock, 90 miles in length. The new stock would be issued in classes A, B, C, and D. Class A to consist of 4,000 shares, entitled to a Government guarantee of 6 per cent. for 25 years, to commence immediately on the completion of the line to Woodstock, with a bonus of 20,000 acres of land, or 5 acres per share. Interest at 6 per cent. per annum to 1e allowed on thedepositandcallsdrigeconstction. The Class B to consLst of 7,000 shares, - entitled to a bonus of 105,000 acres of land, or 15 acres per share, and to 5 per cent. interest on the deposits and amounts paid up during construction. The Class C to consist of 4,000 paid up shares, tobeallottedto the proprietors of the4,OOOcaptalstock share in the existing company, -with 00,0 acre of Ila,d or 1:i acres per share, to the hoIders of the 4,000 land shares of the l;nd stock company, for the purchase of that portion of the railway alrdyconstmcted,includiug rodllugstockj &.,l togetlier with all their rights atnd privileges, but no interest to be allowed on these shares duing construction. The Class D shares to consist of 2,500 shares, of 201. each, to be -] paid over to the local Governmentin right 'of their advances of 32,0001. and of advances to be made. About 3,303 acres of land are to be reserved for those shareholders only holding capital stock in the existing company, the surplus land to Be divided pro ratdt in satisfaction of interest, and for transfer of line. The C5HAIRMAN said, the scheme was now before the shareholders, ind the books were open to the inspection of any of them who night wish to see them. IMr. BATES, a member of the committee, explained that, after a very protracted discussion with the directors on the affairs of the company, they had devised the present scheme for relieving the company from its difficulties. He believed, if carried out, that it would be found satisfactory to all parties. Looking to the traffic prospects of the line, and the bigh position of the Caiiada Laud shares in the market, he thought there was a fair prospect of success. Some of the hareholders thought the terms were too liberal to the public, but he thought it 'would have been unwise to offer lower terms. The terms to the eistisi- shareholders were favour-- able, and he believed that the rights of aU parties had been fairly and properly adjusted. The division of the surplus land among Mhe A shareholders after the other classes -were satisfied would amply recompense them for the loss of interest. He concluded by moving a formal resolution to the effect that the shareholders approved the arrangement proposed to be granted by the new comany for carrying out the line to Woodstock, and authorize the directors-to carry out the arrangement. The Cm,UxA stated that the holders of 1,700 shares! out of 4,000 shares had asseuted to the scheme, and that the holders of 1,000 shares more would assent, makiang 2,700. The-holders of 50 shares only bad dissented. The whole of. the present A shares, 4,000 in number, with but one exception, had'had 161. per share paid up. It was necessary to call up the remaining 41. per share, in order to pay off a loan. Dr. GOODCHAr and other shareholders expressed their dissenat from the proposed scheme for forming the new company, as they weTe desirous of preserving their present rights. They did not want to beloug to a new company. . he CHxaNr explained that, unless they comnpleted the line to Woodstockc in 1857. they would forfeit al their rights, and the money expended would be lost. About 26 miles of railway from the port of St. Andrew's were already finished, and six additional miles could soon be completed, maldng 32 miles, that might be sooii opened for traffic. The cost of constructing that portion of the line had not exceeded i 2 ~ 7m .o_ ;lo - Th G_ww1XLolsoW overn-J7 including rolling stock, would be 350,0001. The.Government had agreed to subscribe 50,0001. towards the under-: taking, but had not co-mlcted their agreement. Mr. GnEATxEx . thought the plan ploposed was the best they could adopt, and, from infornation he had obtained, he believed if the project were carried out that they would have a very good property. The CHAIRMAN, an reply to a question, stated that Earl Fitzwilliami 'had assented to be chairman of the new company, and that Lord Ashburton had also assented to the scherne. The resolution proposed by Mr. BATES was then carried, - Mr. Goodchap dissenting. In reply to a question, Mr. Sn.ARMP stated that the biMl now before Parliament of the "British and North Arerican Great Railway and Land Company" did not emanate from the St. ndrew's Company. The proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman.
LOCA-L SHIPPING DUES BILL. A meeting was held at Manchester, in the 31ayor's.Parlour, Town-hall, yesterday noon, of the supporters of Mr. Lowe's late bill for abolishing local dues on sbipping, in order to organize an association to continue the agitation of this question, and " to obtain the right appropriation of the Liverpool town dues." The meeting was numerous, and exceedingly iifluentiaL Mr. Thomas Baziley, President of the Manchester Chaniher of Commerce, presided in the absence of the Mayor, and there were present -Mr. Heelis, mayor of Salford; Mr. Bucldey mayor of Ashton; Mr. James Kershaw, M.P., Sir Jon Potter, Mr. W. Neild, Mx. W. R. Callender, -Mr. Ivie Mackie, Mr. J. A. Turner (preddent of the Manchester Commercial Association), Mr. Malcol-a Ross, Mr. W. Reyner Wood, Mr. Alderman Shuttleworth, Mr. H. Ashlworth, Afr. T. Fairbairn, Mr. J. E. Taylor, and Mr. Mason of Ashton. The CnAmstAr, in opening the business, said, the collectors of town dues in the various ports of the kingdom were determined to appropriate for private municipal purposes taxes they gathered from public sources. The Government of the country bad wisely brought in a measure to put an end to this unjust misappropriation of funds; but he regretted that the Administration had shown a want of administrative cgurage (hear, hear), and had withdrawn their bilL He wass afraid there had been something like fickleness on the part of the Government, and the time had now arrived; when they must themselves, in these manufacturing districts, take up the question more energetically than they had yet done. Hehoped that the orgtanization now about to he called into esistence would take up the question with the earnestness it deserved; and he trusted that funds collected for public purposes would, as the result, be compelled to be atplied for public convenience and in furtherance of publiec objects only. (IHear, hear.) - Mr. W. REm-ma WOOD said the grievance they sought to remove wasa sort of relic of old times, of a state of things that waspassing away, and must yield before the knowledge aid intel igeneeof the day, when the misappropriation of public taxes of any kind could not be endured in the onen manner now practised at LiverpooL Those who had ascended the Rhine found its waters crowded with t2affio, while the remnants of feudal times existed onlyon its banks in the form of picturesque ruins, and he saw no reason why the waters of the Mersey should not be as free as those of the Rhine. Re did not compare the Liverpool town dues to the scenes of war and rapme once pursued on the banks of the Rhine; but the exaction of town dues and passing tolls were remnants of the same system, and were eqnally obstacles to that trade and commerce which could only flourish as it ought where there was the utniot freedom. We had been contending in the north of Europe and at the Conferences of Paris for the free navigation of the Danube, and he should like to know why the corporation of Liverpool should be entitled to do on the Mersey what other countries were not allowed to do on the Danube. The Justice of their cause must insure its success, and he would move,- " That this meeting has learnt with regret the withdrawal by Her Maest's Government of the bill introduced into tohe House of Commons, entitled ' Bill for the Abolition of Passing Tolls, and for the regulation of Local Dues on Shipping,' being fully impressed with the belief that, had Government persevered with that measure, the just principles therein embodied would have commanded the support of a 3majority of the House of Commons, as well as the approbation of a large class of Her Majesty's subjects. That this meeting is of opinion that the injustice inflicted upon this district, as well by the exaction of the Liverpool local dues as by the puzposes to which theyare appropriated, and the growdng importance of the principles involved in their continuance, call for a special effort on the part of this district in support of Her Majesty's Government, in order to insure the speedy adoption by Parliament of a bil for carrying into effect the recommendation of Her Majesty's Shipping Dues Commission." Mr. MAsoN, of Ashton, seconded the resolution, and it was agreed to. 31r. Tqo.as FArnBAnu- moved, and Mr. J. A. Tur-xn seconded, the following resolution, which was supported by Wr. HEEtLIS, Mayor of Salford:- " That this meeting is impressed with the valuable services which the corporation of the city of Manchester has rendered to the mranufacturing district by its energetic oi position to tho levng of these dues; and, in recording its obligations to that body for the activity and ability which it has put forth on this question, that it is the duty of the whole of the mnanufacturing district energetically to cooperate with the corporation of Manchester, in order to secure with as little delay as possible the abolition or due appropriation of these unjust exactions." M. MALCCEAI Ross, said he could not forbear, when he heardSirFrederick Thesiger's speech on the Local Dues Bill, contrasting some of its arguments with those of Sir Charles Wetherall's on the Reform Bill 25 years ago. According to him, the fall of the vested interests of Gatton and Old Sarum would be the destruction of the constitution ;and so, according to Sir Frederick, would he the r ght appropriation of the .Liverpool town dues. (" Hear," and laughter.) MIr. Ross said that it must not be sunposed that L.ive!pol gentlemen were all so blind as to the just.ice of this question, and he read the following extract of a letter from a Liverpool merchant on the neglect of the Liverpool authorities of their duties and the mraladministration of their funds, as an instance:- " That the corporation have not appropriated the receipts from town dues or expended them in a way to promote the facilities of shipping. That the Liverpool Towvn clerk distinctly virhes it to be impressed upon the public that they are not called upon to do so. That, on the contrary, the Liverpool cor ration have neglected to afford fac'ities for shipping, an protection to ships, which it was their duty to provide, as stated by 3Mr. S. Holme in the town-council. The Wallasey embankment, inder charge of the corporation, is in a most disgraceful state of neglect, the sea penetrating into it,' and the sand washed away, threatening in a short time, if not immediately attended to, to close up the most importent channel to the entrance of the river. That the corporation, who look after the weights and scales of petfy huckisters, and fine scores of them weeklv, provide nommeansforthe correct measurement of goo shipped abroad, the freight of which by measure must amournt to thousands of pounds weekly, and is a subject of constant fraud and deception. That traffic from the interior for goods shipped through Liverpool do not use any streets except those on the margin ot the quays;* and, in answer to r. Horafall it may be showrnthat the coorationhave preferred to widen purely shop streets, and have refused when they had the opportunity of widening those leading from the docks to the centre of the wholessle trade. That an immense amount of town dues is collected by no tariff printed, circulated, or known, but is left to the discretion of the clerks receivin6 the same, who frequently differ in their views; and t3&s uncertainty of what has to be paid offers temptation to pilfering on the part of younu men, chiefly apprentices, who pay these dues. That the (Govemnment Customs' officers are the chief provedores of these dues, as they refuse to pass an export entry until the payment of town dues is marxked upon it. That the revenue from doclk dues is amply sufficient to provide for the required facilities and accommodation of commerce. That the arrangements. for paying dues at Liverpool is lumbering, cumbersome, nd unecessarily exensive. There is a receiver of town dues, with a staff of cIerks, who must be furnished with a copy of each entry on which is marked the town dues paid. There is slso a receiver of dock dgs, with a staff of clerks, who must also be furnished with a copy of the entry in the same manner. The most sinple import or export entry hasthus to be taken to four persons for the local rates aloie, Nat the ntries for payment of due for awh9l9 cargo, inwards or outwards, might be passed in 10 minutes, and two clerks would thus be able to do all the work conriected with the reteipt of daes in a twentieth part of the time iat Present occupied. But at present, if there are SO differeat interests on board a ship, thev require 50 differezit entries for town dues and 50 more for dock dues. ormerly the shigbroker passed ali these in one entry,-and charged each shipper his proportioii when rendering the freight bilL Every shipper or merchant, in his entlies, wishes to use terms as -used in the Customs5 dock, or town dues tariffs (for al three are distinet and different); but, in the Customs' bill of entry -for Yesterday, takingone day of smallaverage business, Ifind,in one day alone, the following goods entered, for which there is n1o charge attached in the published tariff of town dues, excludingwhatmaycomennderthf generaltermof 'dry.goods.' Some of these articles may appear of small consequence, but are really tot so. For instance, of nitrate of soda1,203 bags are entered; and of bicarbonate of soda, 220 kegs. Firnitujre, nitrate of soda, tinl ore, Tonquin beans,. tipioca, islinglass, jalap, bleaching powder, muriates, prussiates, hats, lead shot, kegs of na ls, twine, paintings, mhinery, saddlery, plated ware,i hollow, ware, tin Iware, hardware, guns, hair seating, chains, gas fittings, anvils, vices, blue, ink, bicarbonate of soda, apothecaries' ware, copper rollers, copper bottomis, fishing maaterials, printers' and dyerr' maaterials, varnish, fuzo, flocks, verniillion, seeds, anchors, carubooses, lead pipe, windlasses." He proposed :- s_, 4That an association, to be called' An Association to obtain the right Appropriation of the Liverpool Town Dues,' be now formed, for thepurposes mentioned in the preceding resolution; and that the support of the leading manufacturers and merchants of this- district, by subscTi tion and otherwise, be solcited. That Mr. A.X enrv y appointed president, Messr.3.n; N. 2hilips, Tnomas Bazley, J. A. Turner, J. C. Harter, and Henry Houldsworth be the vice-presidents, Mr. John Platt the treasurer, and that the following gentlemen forma the commnittee of council of the association, out of which 15 members shall be nominated by the president, to be called the executive committee, for the purpose of conducting the business of the association. (Hferefollow 82 names of influential gentlemen of the town and district.) Mhr. HiENRY AMYOrT seconded the resolution, aud contended that if Charles IL bad a right to deal with these dues Her Majesty Queen Victoria bad an equal right; but they were, in fact, opposed to the spirit of the times, as well as of the constitution, by wlhich taxation and representation went together, and no part of the community could have a right to levy taxes upon another, and apply thera to other purposes than those for which they were raised. Mr. HZxOs, Town-clerk of Manchester, in an able speech - ..a - Eii.i ,, W andi d ionzt,,.om, of Sir Federick Thesiger on this subject in the House of Comniois, and by which t'he House was led to believe that IA'eerpool gave 374,0001. for this right of levyn town dues, while, in reality, that payment was for ,OO0 -manors of which Liverpool was one, the value of Liverpool being fxed soon afterwards by its resale for 7001. Iu the same dexertous way it was made to appear that Bristol was in the same position; but in facts Bristol had volun. tarily reduced the 5,0001. dues raised in this way by 2,0001. per annum, while she had got Parliamentary powers, anchad taxed her inhabitants to the amount of 0.0001. for the benefit of shipping. (Hear, hear.) But what had Liverpool done? They spent the whole 150,000!. per annum raised as town dues upon the town, and not o. the docks,and raised besides 400,000?. a-year for the purpose of providing for the accommodation of shipping. (Hear, hear.) The restolution wvas carried, and the meeting separated,
TEHE CORY TRADE. 3ULVJILESTFAL MAJ 97 Theflour trade bere was completlyparysed by the depression re Ported ir Mark-lane, sales being scarcely prcticable. Thecomntry markets held since Mionday. however, not havine exhibited such a total wantt of confidence, and the stocks on aUl hands being 3n a very moderate compass, rather more business has been transacted both on Tnesday and yesterday, at a reduction of l. to 2s. per sack on the currency of the preceding marke=t-day. In other articles scarcely any change inr value has occurred, and the dernand has ruled languid. The imports into IEverpool this week consist of liberal quantities of wheat,,beans, Indian corn, andfiour from abroad, andof oats from Ireland.L Thsere las a good attendance at our narket this mnorning, and wheat was in far demand at fully tie rates obtainable on this da5 se'ight. lournet abetter sale than of late, ata declineof Is, per sack Oats and oatmeal were in limited request, without mateial change in value. Engish beans firm, but gyptian mnust b e noted Is. to 2sa per quarter lower. Darley steaely,atfuIiprioes, BIRIIIGBA34, )LMACcH 27. At this day's marl-et there was a abort supply of wheat, which found buyers reaeily at fully last week's prices, andm some instances la per quarter advance was obtained, Fine harley iB. per quarter dearer. Oats sold slowly at the currency of this day ze'nunight. Beans aud peas diffcult to dispose oL BRISTOL, 3Aacccc 27. The com trade throughout the week bas been extremely fat, wlath very littlo business passing. On our market to-day English wheat wa in good supply, and sold slowly at a decline, varying from 2s. to Is. erquarter-the ew transactionstakingplacein foreign are at a reduction of 1 to 2s. per quarter. Barley commands full prices. but tle demand is not so brisk as lastweek, Oats and beaus without alterj. tion either as to value or demand. Wbeat-Spanish, 'ortuguese. c, red and white, 67s. to 70as per 4S01b. Brailow, Gala7, &c, soft, LOs to 6fs. Per 491b.; English, red and white, old, SBs. to 74s. per imperial quarter; ditto, ditto, new, 62s. to 70s. per impeial quarter. Barley.-Enblish, good to fine malting, 38s. to 42s. per imperial quarter; Englsh griuding and diEtilery, ig Sd. to 35a Sd. per imperial quarter; fores ditto, heavy, 34s to 35. per4001b. Oats.-Welsi, and Devon, black and white feed, 20s. to 21s. Pr imperial quarter; Irish kllndxied, white fine and.feed, 29s. to S er 201b. ; ditto, tawny, 22s. 'o 23e, per 3t41b.; ditto fine black, 21s, d to 225. 6d. per P4h.; ditto, inferior, Is. Gd, to Ils. Per39lb. Beans.-Foreign, 31s tO i5s. per 4801b.;glSth6 i3s, to Ms. per imperial quarter. Fiour.-Spanisb, &c., superHine, ifs, to 5s,. per 28Clb.; 'United State5. Canadian, do,, sweet superfine, ide, to p39s Per 1961b.; English, .goodaconda, 49S, to 02. per 281Mb. GLOCESTEE, M.cir 27. Our suppesofEnglishwheattbis week are ample, and, participating intbedecUnenoted at most of the lesding mar-kets, values have r- ceded is. to s. per quater since this day wreek, oreign is offered at an abatement of 2s. to i3, per quarter, without leading to business. Barley, beth malting and grinding, held with increased fimnmess, and previous extreme quotatioDs are fully sustained, Beans and maize each ls. Per quarter cheaPer, The oat trade continves inthe same inert state asreported forsome time past,and, althollghprices are nominalyrunnhanged, sales are only practicable in the merest retaiL, Whcat.-Italian, Remoman, &c., fine red, 70s. to 72s. per 4901b.* Portuguese and ndred, os.to 70s. per 4801b. ; Brrailow, Danube, &e., soft, 60s to Gla. Per lb. Galats, &c.. red, 6Ls. to 7Ds. per Iftib,; English, white, 72s. to 7;s, per imperial quarter; ditto, red, die, to 68s, Barley.-E? 'choice malting, S3sa to cs. per imperial quarterF oreign, and Eng'lish heavy, grinding, S3s, to i4s, per tOOlls; Irish grinding, 33s, to its, Per 0S10bi Oats.-Irish, kIln-dried, white, potato. 24s to 24a. 6d. per 3121b.; ditto, black, 22s 6d. to 2ie, per 311b.; ditto, tawny, 24s. to 24s 3d GLA-SGOW, MA2acu 28. We have had a continuance of dry weather, with fresh easterly Winds. Withtise exception offairquantities of oats, oatmeal, and flour from lIrland, the supplieshave beenuncommonlylight, nonehaving arrived from abroad by the Clyde, and only 74 quaera of wheat, via GrangeImouth, from BanihoIm. Faintcs hals again set in vith receding prices. is day's marb3t w.as tolerablyell attended, but the sales effected wereunimportant, Wheatdechinedabout6ld. per2401b. ;flour, 6d. to Is, per 291Mb, ; barley, 3d. to Sd. per :320lb. Grinding oats and oatmeel nere neglected, and nominally unaltered, Feeding oats and beanls realized fully last veek's rates.
DnEsTnueno OF A DRiDIcAI TmuN?LF.-We deeply regret to learn that the Drnid Temple on the estate of foyness, in the parish of.Auldern, withlu a ganshot of the ruins of thle old castle of Moyness, has been recently interfered with, and in a short time, if the lord of the manor, the Earl of Cawdor, does not put his veto on the contemplated "improvements," all trace of this, the most complete of the ancient Druidical monuments in the province of Moray, will be obliterated. About ten years ago this venerable temple waS in an almost complete state of preservation. Except a few stones which bad been removed from the west side of the great circle to straighten an arable field, the |sacred enclosure appeared to be entire. The outer circle at that tnne describeb a circumference of between 200 and 30 feet. At 16 feet distance from this there was an inner circle about 60 feet diameter. 12 stones of large size in the outer circle represented the 12 signs of the zodiac, and 19 hin e th inner-of which we counted 60 in all.ay havepointedtothe lunar cycle. On the aouth aide were two immense boulders-one the Cromlech or altarstone, the other the Iogan or rocking stone. This latter was in the rhomboid shape, broad at top and tapering below. It measured 8 feet 6 inches along the top by 5 feet, and was fully 3 feet through. Its weight, coinputing 8 stone to the cubic foot, could not have been less than from 9 to 10 tons. The lower extremity of this immense stone was laid on the crown of another boulder slightly indented and deeply sunk in the earth, but so nicely poised that on the sli%test touch with the finger it would vibrate six inches on each side and continue to rock- 26 times 'before steadying, when it always sat at rest fairly balanced in the centre. Anew house was erected lately for thetenant of the farm, and, building materials being required, the contractor, either ignorant of the value of this interesting and hoary mounuent, or being enjoined to use these stones in the fabric, unfortunately commenced the work of demolition by splitting up -the rocking stone. Part of it, along with a qusntity of other material fromthe same place, was usedin thebuilding, and we learn steps are in progress to clear the place of the remaining boulders !-Forres Gazele. [Advertisement.J-The Royal Pictures.-The Royal pictures egraTed in the "Art Jomnal" for April are:-" Gene,vi5e of Brabants, atBerParon Wappers; and " The Fountain at Madrid," after IL tbet A. Thiesculpture plate is "HagaxandT Ibm-ael from the bas-relief by . S. Bartholonnew. The literary contents include-" Komenclature of Pictorial Art." by Z. B. Pyne; " National Portrait Gallery," " Suggestions of Subecwt to the Student in Art " TLife of C. R. Yeshe, BA.," illustrated; " Wichester College,"$itev trated;i "he Home of Paul Potter." by F. W. Palrholt imustrated " stn's ' odern Paintera .-" " The Sterescoc3" b.r R Hunkt R.RS., illustrated- "The National Insttution khibitiou," &c. Virtuc and Co.. 25, iaternoster-row. [Advertisement.}-" Peter Snple,"prie Is. 6d,, by Captain MJarryat,now read y,tobefollowe~lnontxi by the othierworks of this popular author. .o wobnder this cheap edition has met with un- ex azpied slcos, for Captain Marryat has done for navsl 6tories what Dibdin did for thesaiofs sOngs-stereotyped the British sailor for all time. While the songs of the latter are repeated in every quarter of the g!obe, the naval stories of the former areweltcomed with delight at couutiessfiresidesathomeandabroad. The S0ththousandof "Peter Simple" is now ready, and on April 15th will be published "The King's Own," prce s. 6d., by Captain Mrryat. London, George lioutledge and Co., ri otreet [!Advertisement.]-ThelCeow1oveL--" The Old Vicarage," ian Tots, by Mrs. I bback(niece of IC-s Austen), authoress of "The Wife'sSister,"&c., is retadythis day Alwojust published, "The City o f the Crescent, with Pictureh6s areXmifesI 2 vol., plates, 21s., by Gordon Trenery, Esq, author of "'the Momrng 14nd,"kc. "`D scribes the ' Life of the Harem,' the Turkdsh gentry literally at hoses; it is novel and amusing in no common degree.t-Chambers's Journa.L Charles J. Skeet, 10. KingWiIam-street, Chansg-cross. tAdvertisement.-The new novel," Xlararet and her rnde'maids," by the author of " Woman's Devotion," in 3 vols., is Xow:- ady at all the libries. "There is a great deal in a name, and tbe tWetof this novel suggests a gentle beautyforheroine and interestin"s 'i11ites Margaret-la Marguerite-a daisy,the petMlowrerof us a4t i'nort;alZed oysoe many poets. The Margaret of this interesting story isbeauty, gentleness, goodness, affection, and love, gloriously tpipied. Kostory that occurs to our memory contains nore interest tban this for novel readers-particularly those of the tez,der sex, to whom itwill be a dear favourite."-Observer. Hlurst and Blackett,. lublishere. 13, Great Mrlborough-street. [Advertisemeut.]-" Elegant Arts for Ladies."-This is 1be title of a newbook which ereryfathershould place inhis daughter's l ands. It treats upon every art and aocomplihment. andis superbly }istrated with 30u eegravmges. A mere useful or tleunt book does rt exist; price, 3s ea. . richly gilt. "TBechste' GHanboolk of Cage- igrds" (price 2B. d) should be boucht by all vho keep birds. " The '.ti,fc's O Book of Cookery"'will secure a good dier with the most i means. Over25Odescriptive-itLustratlona add to the rtibity and alue of tbis vorir, which contains above 1,50O original reoeiPta for dtatmsabegtup,inany hd'Lsebold; price Ag. Sd. PoljibAed by Yard ud 4k, IE, ltet4let,e
THE LAST SCOCH R "nAI'.-JoIM Murdoch, who, until disabled by age and infirmity about four years ago, had officiated for a lengtthened peiiod as the fnisher of the law in Glasgow, and who was the last hangman who is ever likely to be in the ordinary pay of the corporation, has himself at length " shuffed off this mortal coil." For a period of above 20 years his stalwart form and g epartialy concealed by an old high-neckel wtrpro, were seen as the presiding genius at every scaffold which was erected thogotSotland, and at not j.a few in the north of England. Murdoch, who-was abaker, I ate t lsgwfo tho oteuaad of 20 years pDor clcmtne.ana contrivea to get some humble employmentaboutthe co- orationpro rty. It happened that about this time Tam oung-the ast functionary who had a formal appointment and a regular salary, and who wore the executioner's official costume-was getting rather shaky, and accorcingly Murdoch was retained as a sort of assistant or stand-by. On Young's death he get a monopoly of the trade, such as it is; but, as lie had neither the official appointment nor the regalar pay, he was remnnerated by the job. He took to the work quite genially, and, as he regarded his own functions as perfectly necessary to good government, he did not fail to be on perfectly comfortable terms with himself. As his person became known in Glasgow, however, he found it convenient for his comfort to remove from the city, and took up his residencesometimes i Paisley, sometimes in Kilmarnock, sometimes in the adjacent villages-such as Motherwell,-and he has even been recognized officiating as a pastrybaler's assistant at one of our fashionable Clyde watering-places. The tidings of a murder case at a Glasgow circuit always drew him forth. As soon as the judges sat down he repGrted his presence to the authorities, and then waited patiently, in the hope that the man would be hanged. After sentence -was pronounced he felt all right. That the mind of the magistrates might be kept perfectly easy as to no accident taking place at the eleventh hour-for in this case, ,ccordng to the old notion, the yoangest Bailie must do the work, old Mfurdoch always lodgeI himself in prison a week or 10 days before the event, where he had bed and board at the public expense, and thus he was certain to be forthcoming when needed on the morning of the execution. But, unfortunately for Murdoch, Glasgow alone did not afford employment enough to support a man of this trade when "paid by the piece," and accordingly he laid himself ta patetic finisher of the law in general; and we suppose hereferred to the ma"istrates of Glasgow for his character and qualifications. Yn this way it -was his lot up at Edinburgh, Inverness, AberPerth Dundee, Stirlig ,and in various towns in the north of England, such as lewcastle, Carlisle, &c. Taking a pleasure in hs work, he held anything in the sha of areprieve or commutation inaortal detestation, and iswd to say that the ridiculous weakness of the Government did him out of the best job he was ever lik-ely to haveviz, the hanging of Frost, Wi -s, and Jones, for which employment le was the favoured candidate. We have said hetoo;kapleasure in his revolting work. we officiated, for instance, upon the two murderers Doolan and Redding, who slaughtered a railway ganger while the Edinburgh and Glasgow e was being constructed, 16 years ago, and who vrere execated in a fiel close to the scene of the crime. As Mlurdoch stood at the bottom of the scaffold imnediately after the men had been thrown off, one of the authorities remarked that Doolan had not been properly handled, as he struggled. and suffered much. "It's his sin fau't," said Milurdoch, "nocht wad ser' him but he wad taL' a Jump when the drap gaed doon; but see, Sir, hookindly Iteddings slippi ' awan" (dying). The last occasion on which Zfurdoch offciated in Glasgow, or anywhere else, we presume, was at the execution, in October, 1851, of a man named Hare for a murder committed in- Blantyre. He was then 84 years of age, and was so lame with rheumatism that he had to hirple after the criminal to the gallows by the aid of a staff; but, once there, the old fellow didlhs duty with nerves of steeL Although there have been, unhappily, other occasions of the same kind since, the magistrates of Glasgow could not trust Murdoch ag3in, and accordingly they called in the help of Caleraft, who, we trust, will be found perfectly able fo do all the work of this kind which is reguired ovef the united kmngdom. Murdoch, being thus laid aside, went to the charming village of Bothwell, where, happly, his "antecedents" were nnk-nown, excepting to one or two, who generously l-ept the secret; and here he died on Saturday, the 15th inst. He was maintained for the last few years by amonthly dole from the Corporation of Glasgow, which was disguised, to the public, unner the head of "criminal expenditure," and he will be the lst official of the kind, we trust, who will permaanently have a place on the Chamberlain's books. He was not a native, and had no claim on Glasgow excepting that which abject destitution gave him, and that he had beenumseful inperformingnecessary, butvery vile functions. Had Glasgow left him to starve, it would not have been an easy matter to fix the lariah liable for the support of a wandering hangman approaching 90 years of age. Tim 31r=rv Commiom.-The reason for the delay in assembling the Board of General Officers appointed to inquire into mnatters arising out of the report of the Crimean Commissioners is the illness of two of its members. Sir Thomas 'Mahon was quite unable to attend, and his pace was several days ago flled by Sir George Berkeley. W e are now sorry to hear that a similar cause will preclude the possibility of the Commission having the great advantage of Lord Seaton's presidency. From the time of his nomination to the board we believe Lord Seaton expressed doubts as to his health perumitting his attendance, and within the Iast few days these doubts have been turned into ocrtainty by his medical adviser. The inquiry will be presided overby General Sir Alexander Woodford, an officer who to high military chazacter adds the reputation of having filled several offices of great trust in a manner well calculated to lead to the anticipation of satisfactory results from his association with the Commission. Sir Alexander has, we believe, arrived in town from Paris, and we may presume that tho sittings of the Commission will commence in a few days.-
SALES BY AUCTION. At the Mfart, This Day. j1J[ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TRIST 1VLe beg to inform the public, that the PROPARTIES advertised f°U sale byauction, at tbe .Mlart. TElIS DAY, at 12, wiU be offered as 1. Bf xton, Surrey.-Leasehold Cottage Residence and Land. 2. Clslhamn.-Valuabla Freehold Residences, ILarkhall-lane. Pall-mal.-Antique China, old Ruby Glass, Clocks, Caived Ivories, &q.. frora Copenhagen. aUESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed by the k vlniporter to SELL by AUCTION, at the GaUlery. 54. PaU-maU THISgDAY, Mfarch 28, at 1 precisely, an IMIPO1TATION of well- rhosen OBJECTS of AsT and VEBTlie , porcelain, &c., includin Dresden, Sevres. and Gerant china, WedgFrooc ware, Pslssy ana Bsffael ware, carved ivores ruby glass, clocks, ornaments, &c. hay be iewed, and cataiogues had of reasrs. Foster, S£ Pall-malU. Borough-roadt-Rleraiaing Stock of rtificial Stone PFigures, M fESSRS.. EVERSFIELD and HORNE are mn- R-L structed by the Proprietor to SELL by AUCTION, on the Promis, 74, Berough-road, nouthwark on Wednedray, April 2, at 10 for 1l, the final portion of the extensive STOCK; comprLisig foUNtaiTUs, vases, figres, groups omcluding the large Laocoon, the osldy one in ar tifisal stone), centre owh ers. sch To he sold without reserve, and wlts be thelast scae t,his season. May be viewed one -eek previous, and catalogues bad on thepremises andof the ouctioneers, 40,Parihamentstreet, or Coal Exchange. Parlianent-street, aestoinster.-The capitol Office and Board Room iutinmgs of the Protestant Lie and Fire An-urance Offlce. MU[eC.FEBER wllSELL byAUCTION, onthe Av. rmLa s 19t, aucParliament-street, agent, Carlh2 12 for o,atce ad, i fittingsiof boardroom Under and Exedestion from taWeShEetSiof.-Elegat libraryn chairy capitat counters and desks large ieon repositoay, copying machne, eight-day dils irdckentwdoc,printedcpaer,dindrfice sate in, also an houehld ftet pleratpe d ef pfec.May bevied6ed, and catalogues had on the pre-mses; and at the auction offlces, in Warnsick-cohuan, Gray'si nn. Sueerior modern Furnottm Toresnidaeenue. Camden-oad Villas lR.A.BOOTH wi SELL byt UCTION, on the NL Premises, 9. Tosriano-avenue, Carmden-road Villas, on Wednesday. April 2, atl2 foci, excellent HOISEHOLD FlJ'ITUtE comprising handsome Spanish mahogany sidebora, 10 dining room ohairsin morocc, couch, easychais, dming, oo. and occasional tables, Brussels carpets, chimnaeYg asses, brilliant toned * 6l-ctave square pianoforte, by John Broadwood and Sons, new within eight months, oil paintoEs-PaulVeronese, Ward, broA, at pins, . Cole: Pafian and china orlaments, mahogany Arabiin bedstead and chamber furnitore, china, glas, andl plated articles, bca May be viewed the day prenous and morig of sale. Catalogues on the premises, and of Ir. A>braham Booth, auctioueer and estate agent, 1, Carlton-bill VUias, Camden-road, opposite the Erecimecks Arms. Under an ExSecution from the SheriEf-Elegant and costly Furniture in the prevailiing fashion, and new within 18 months, including a magnificent w alnut suite covered in rich crimson satin, elegant velvet pile carpets, a powerful-t-oned 63u-octave cottage pianoforte with metallcplate, la-ge glasses, bronzes, prints, china and glass, and effects, removed from the residyece. M R. LEWIS begs nt announe heis andutc-oteduto R.SELL by SUaPbAI at theRooms 69 Queen-street,twodoors from New Cannon-street, cty. THIS DA6, ar. 28. at 12 Peoctuallyr the whole of the superb FURtNITURE and EF 1ECTS, emovene from the resideuce, an comprhsng a magnifoent drawing room sunite tn walnut wood, covered in crmson satin, wiorh tables and cheffomiers richly carved in corresponding order, several brilliant plate chimuey-glasses, rich patte vldvet pile carpets, a powerful-toned cottage piano, elegant china jars, bronzes, proof prints, and other drasmog-room clegaeude handsome dining-room andlibrary furniture, ineldingtheelegant caved-backhsideboard, telescope dining tales, sets of chairsand lounges in morocco, book!case, &c.,bed-roomapnointsnots, including Arabinn and fonr-post bedsteads, and damagks hangings, goose beds, winged wardro-bes, drawers w.a.shatands, cheval and dressing glasses, Brussels carpets, kcitchen articles, &, and all the necessary appendages of a first-class residence. may be viewed the day prior, and catalogues had of Messrs Rfartinand Hog, soicitors Stratford-place; r.l Heny Roberts, Tiavie-inn; oi the Sherliffs Offlccr; and of the aurctioneer, . Coleman-strett, citY othera-TsherRhichmTonBd BVrewervey, testeabli,shed for upwvardes of 280v years, writh its Fixed Plant, and 13 excellet Inns auid ublic-houses, n one lot. tr . PIGGOTT wil SELLI,by AUCTION, at the iLLs Auction MIart, ovn TuesdaY. Mfay 6. a t 12, by order of the MIort- he Crayho of Ho lel, thCe RoeBuR}HOe an 13 :[ENS, in one lot. tages, at Richmond, and the Chiaise and Horses, Cottages and Shop. at Smaliberry-green, wiill be sold in separate lots, on the same day. Stee for full particulars in the Daily Neev, the 18th iret.,and The Times, 12th inst., or the Coonty Chronicle. 25th inst. Descriptive particularsanad conditions of sale are preparing, andmay be obtained at the Auction Mart. london; of Ateesra. Rickas-da anld Son, solicitors, X Crown-coure,Old Broald-street; of William Smyt'lie, Iho.. solicitor, 12. Seie-street. Lincoinf's-mmi,3° 3j¢OiMeasa.J ^alovesnd. Alicec solictors, 39,ar Bedford-row; of 'Thomas Ravier Levis, Esq., architect, 9, John-street, Adelphi, london; and of 31r. Piceoti, a.uctioneer, valuer, end esitate ages;, George-stress, Iiie.mamonci. N.B. The 13 leasehold hotels and lieaedt here-es m>ay be hadl by the purchaiser ot the brewery bv valuation, arscordt'g to ,.r a6reement toi be en tered into, immnediatelvy after e s.the. of- MR. PHILLIPS is instrueted;to> SELL by AUG. ',E go tLRmm New Bond-steet on Tuesday April Bmo hpartlydering a residenoe abroad ; including - of Italian French and Flenish schools; also ~~.dtheB faoeiW1& ad tebscboolis and a number Wee;another, by Bt - of the Rey. haler Wegley, and other divines. Maybe viewed Sturday and Monday precedingth 55 ae,and eatalogues then ha at MW. Phipllss oJeOS andE rooms. The Improved Lease of the Trezni~s sand Stock~ of eapitiL ne n second-hand Turniture of Hem=rs Henessy and pelly of WArdourstreet, dissolin partnership. . IIJ B PnInLgLIPS is instructed by the Arbritrators 3 0einte in this matter to SELL by AUCTION, att his great Rom~ New Bond-street, onI Wednesay April 2, at I precIsely thie of capitl modemF REI4IT of enperior mnanufacture, omprsng eeral sets of 24,1its andi 12 excellent Sipanishi mahoalca hiscerdin mnorocco nioble 3ft.anEl5f rt4afilg tables, 7 ft. 6 asid 7ft, pedesta sideboar4 dinner aggons, library bookcases, writing a les (eas cairs and conebe%,drwing room furniture in walnut and rowwood.hioo. card, aknd fancy tble!, daveuportr, chimney-glasses, and carpetas, %camber appendages, including winged and single wardrobes, four-Poet and Arabian bedsteads, chaests of arawers, marble-top Wash. itans toilets, awing-glasses "c; also the improved lease of the House with exteniave, Manufacturing premises in the rear, having ~rto entrance thereto, held at a low reta fo an unxie t~erua =b vewed two dyprvious to the sl,adthe premiseby caras to becobtained atT&Mr.k'"lIPssaoflee, 73, P_on-teeu~ bnproved LeaseholdDwelling, and extensive Workshopa and Stabling, -Inj -street, Przinces-street, Soho. 1U, PHILLIPS is instruted by the Arbitrators ,L.appoiuted inthe matter of Messrs. Henessey and Pellye' Dissolution of Partnerahip, to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Roioms, New Bond-street, on Wednesday April 2 at IPrecsl the valuable iralproved INTERESTS in a LESauOLD )RPERTY No. 30, King. street, Sobo - consisting of a convenient dwellig-house, having three rooms oaeac'door,and an extra tory, intherear ofwhich arange of extensive workshops of three floors, stabling, and cellars having frontageo`g5feetmi George-yard, with entrances thereto Y)tLr froms rIn., -stee and Dean-street, and are highly eligible for amanu- facturer,, upholsterer, or cabmaster. The Premises are held for the remainder of a tern; of which 181 lears are unexpired,. at the low mo,derate rent of £130, and are paruy let off to tenants at win, and other prtions in hand yield a y-early rent of £277. thus giving a large ainum profit rent. The property may be viewed between 11and 4,by an order to be obtained at Mfr. Phillips's, of whom deecriptive particulasr may also be had on and after the 24th inst. The imnportant Collection of English Pictures formned by John Fairrie, Esq., of, Clapham-common. 1 R.PHILLIPS beqs leave to announce that h:e £1A wil SELL by AUCTIIO, at bis great Rooms, New Bond-stre it, on Tuetday and Wednesday. Apral22 and A3 at 1 precisely each day, the extoensiv and hgly important GALLERY of MODERN PIUIUURP7S, by the moet isting,inshed painters of the English school; in eartclar maybe mentione acapital work by 3. St W.TErMer,BA,, besdes t*o other examples; the Ppp a&nd Frog.by Sir Edwin Landseer, l.A..and otherpictures; theSh4rianper, by W.Collins, .R.A;Evening Prayer, by T. Webster, R.A.; three 'works by W. P. Frith. RBA. ; three-by D. Maclive, B.A.; several by T. S. Cooper, AX.BL; and equally capital works by the following artists - St Anthony SirC.L.EFAstiake,XR,.A_F.'.R. Lee, RZ.A. B. Ansdell W. Etty, R.A. S. Linnell E. Baxter W. R Frost, A.R.A. P. Nasmyth G. Bentley .T. Galnsborough H. N. O'Neil Sir A. Calluott. R.A. P. Goodall, A.B.A. PFY.ickersgll, A.R.A. T. Crerawick, R.A. W. Hilton, ILA. J. B. Pyne J. Constable, XA. T. A. Herbert, B.A. P. P.-Poole, A.B A. G. Chambers J. F. Herring, Sen. B. Redgrave. ILA, Old Crome J. P. K-night, B.A, Sir J. Beynolds F. Danby, A-.B.A. Sir T. Lawrence J. Sant A. L. Egg, A.R.A. G. lance Sir D). Wilkie, R.A. Mtay he viewed Saturday and Mondaypeceding the day of sale, and cataloguesbhadesixdays previously at r Phillips's ollices. The valuable AncientPictures, and the modern Dutch, Flemiish, and ~reachWorEs collectedby John Fairrie, Bag.,of Clapham-commoz. 11SF. PHILLIPS begs Ieave to announce that he will iY SELL by AUCTION at his Gallery, New B3ond-stret, on Tuesday, April 2, at 1 precisely, the ANCIENT PORTION of the valuable GALLERY of PAINTINGS,collected by John Fairrie, ag. it includes the Virgin ant Chid and St. John, by Fracia; a simila subject, by Murillo; the Card-players by ID. Tesierr, from the Btowe collection; the Nativity and Descent from the Cross, by Pllatrer; two cap ital exarnples; and other clever pro-ductions from the pencils of the follwing esteemed artist:- Berchemn A. Vandervelde A. Coyp Wouvermans Idileris Netacher 0. Dow Backlnaysen Ostade Metna De Hooghie Watteau Scbalken Vanderbeydeon Denner Panini, &C. The collection of modernDutch, Frlemnish, andFrenchPicturesincludea3 man capital works by the following masters:- C. Seisonnier Koeck-oek- Do Wilde Van Hove Ary Sheffer Verbeckhoeven J. Leebrucher Bafoop Van Leys C. B3latc Winnig Van Hamme,&c This ay.-Te Stok of Messrs Hering and Reigon-yOTH. _ UTGATE and BARRETT, ntePeie,17 eetsre,TI DAY anid tfo following days12Sunday exceptelu,bltlanforte COLOUR DRAWING a th bea ifetatit,ilutae t.eCox colour drwns C. Fay elviewd adcaaeg Th ycoie PO Collecino ae-oorDaings ofth lateThms Ho,R., inin Hng B0camigeamplest bFrDerc a rby h ortalginait fofrwhichd on guaranteed two pothge sapucaes. GassCTBook, an EfethrRos, 2ereptoFleet-stree,o Thusday, oTn Mn dayan,folowinl day at 112 for o3, no the vlaeanduin erestin WAtER-o COLURDSOEAW ainINGSSut, comprisingbatflseiesb aoeoc bish Caldon uhs niarqueerano e-C Stoanfedote burs eCog Frnt C. adse Fieuld uting, cdonstable tip chnyoanent Pooletfdnn Cobleis W.fe.by4fe Evnchs, B.anillsaogn chuinstufe Ban3hrrettan soas,exbey fe Cadetalogu(es orarde ont receiptlaof atw posage 76bstamps. fndrs some fins te fittains and Engrvngs 200 oousncePlate,g Linen,m Cahina glass, Bou-ost and Effin ets,teremp wtorlhB r.in MASiN. onddiondeeay, Apri .at-I punctull (Onarde,ccunts of thrnumers ofrbleotaon wahtheaeiss, 49.vn glamsto-errcbl ace, Prse bt, aebus umbrelastwod, chirnn and couhes.an tearneervic, kichn, n te tabnrleslper madouthoairsadtables, waalngut-woodedavenport, ater burn, esogantos 36 agreenstee and sivrfaasutheainucrimoner s,ation-su ditt~o, velnit pilean Lotshrcapes, hlarg u m trhieis pla;tes ~chni mne glasss,cu-glas Mr.ASNdeir, on0-ieday Aparisia cloc, alabaster andhEe pedstalt tiermsrBy withplAte-Nas at bh ack on byedncesda, fenders, sever pal Hel-ad usned, ward robscets cofdrsawdersxmrbe-tope T garhtnds, Ns cIet gasses, ct abin'sofas, in resesnbths hal chaireld umrela( sawotand,dinnr, dessheort, pandtea o J seviesicen rndeduistes ironolle, and. out-door aretils. Catloeah,ffrMastrsn . Watr n Soun,isolicitors, 30.k Bausingailstee2 ando thactoneer, M,aUnonSiUnon-.old t, B droad-street. , lt CIaty-sroi-eietl4 Cam enaseb-mod ab hel uderth R fegent'Cna 1 -m- free-B frmretByr. SN MAONTusa, apri 15, byarder of WhedEe-d3 N El Hork-se,GteewaCity-road neard the Wrkho and tooM . 1a5e. waelewreidht,rt eetkadjoinin,lt aoito ng Earle6 anoterat£5 ll. held for 26ear yubea, t anL groun rpyent of £6;t Land- Uhaleoaqure -x , and~ c ti enee. Unrioncomrstecor, Broad-street .Ady ashUior, ot er-BydMr-Eg. MSN tteSat nWdedy ho Forluesrnet 1Houses,tion-th front courts aouh andetnsv WeUinton-zuain thelsoccupatione of e Goregaenadedwar FRE . lanDW2ItNP '-pae inU front of WAUTIOrlNd sumer 1t7 arack's ren thboe £12 dayo yeari. Priculaurs lot. imessoon,r 5,UIos-codu19r t.aOldBoa-street, Slt. e org'srad Nlortonfalgate) foree ofronersat S.pr os gon rent.-B r AO,a h at Non 27i lednesdy, ?'j~E House, Gateway, large Yard1andle WorkshoDd an Snmbrdne3-ande3t. Prlatt-sree,ad-Fort distanc ifomherila perg 1,anum:hed for ztyears, subjectonlytapyeto s oLr M IC F RED. GODWS wil SELL by A'UCTION, MRarraway'ast, on theay Apday of Apil in fwou lots, uness dsoraner delbispoedOf privtel,asmall LEASE 0HOLDperSutATE,ptomusrisen 123127 aondr 129 Sotane-street, Sl-at. Gheorge'-breed; held for uboatrpire a yar,andNos 12 ad19 ae i had.Alsoa Noivate wellngtosquare, Chelsea; h ~ ~~eld for 7 er;gon et£0 andolt toyers atgoo by tisions. andm partixculars hdof th . Waehuert Beg. 3,dt KingS.L stret ACTepIde; at. thGarrawy's anddao, Apr. Gdain,2, H aluabno lrrEAce, B LDrae-quROE. Y opiigtohue.alonn - Sye-o d.hvneysret g uodayardsa d .tenment Occpaiond.Thyaebt IYon Gle aa y'toMss. on thegs aday Apthril, unless sooerdsposabedo privately, te small LEASROLprDpEL tyN , 31, Sdey-tremel, nearChelea Nw Chrch;heldfor 0 y ars atrOeod rent, ande oef the etimaed vlue f £4 perannu.Ma bhe viewpedtiany time,s and artculrs bd o ILSlasermn, A. 1,uction sbary; at Measrawa's;andof r. odwn, , Hlki-te Ra chBegave-Mss,ua,Rin. ~LoWng Cooaper,d unvsments fa,the Caleonroad, aent ueouvillectsuial conseuenceothediforuemil cfapital sIist. 1~/R~FICARMOS wllSEL byMAUCTIOby .iV.at tAeU rtO. on Friay April , at 12,,in Thouos,avey desirable years, ata vround ent of 4per annum UT NSILS aomprivigateDelinge house bein No 6 Soutampto-stret;hedfr flt,about 30 yeros,l Vaoundbren Ofl Paints,npe Wannum.cSlay beve ed,adariu a subecCts, comprising four great naaval battles, are by that distmgsned marine painter, the iato T. Luny, Esq., of Teigmrnoutb being the prope:ty oflilr. Varty, removedfromaYorkHouse, Strand, by order of the Assignees; to which is added several choice paintings, just received from thcontinent, including a fine portrait of Charles I., by Dobson, and specimens of thce following masters-Bamanmo, Caravagc, Veroncse, Guido, Guerchino, Vonet, and others; also, a portfolioof wvater-colour drawinlgs, the property of a genltleman from the country, containin,g a verypleasing collection byrPront, Bishop, Btayner, Rarp, G. Wilson, Chambers, Fyne, Foord, a rare drwving in Indlaink by Langiidge, Atc.; a box of Bowney's water-colours. Eo bev1iewed, and catalogues forwiarded on application. ITerefordshire.-By Mr. JAMES YELD STEPHENS, at the Green Dragon Hotel. Hereford, on Friday, April 25, at 3o'dock in the aiternoon (sabject to conditions o sale to be then andthere produced)i A Valuable Freehold Estate, known as the Combe A Estate, consistIng of about 410 acres of very superior arable, meadow, pasture, orchard, and wood land, in aringfeuce, situLate in the parishes of Presteign and Byton, in the county of Hereford, of whch 356 acres with the farm-house and buildings, are now let to highly respectable tenants ala rental of £510 per annum. The mransionhouse and the remainder of the estate are in hand. The mansionhouse is whel built, and contains dinmig, drawing, and breakfast rooms of large dimensions, with bed rooms to correspond, and extensive offices and servants' apartments. Tne ouit-buildings comprise a stable, coach-hose, cowv-bouse, and dairy. The farm-house has recently been put Inuo good repair, and the farm buildings axe numerous and me. most convenicnt, and weil adapted to the size of the estate. The properly is situate in the valley of the river Lugg, and In a very romantic part of the country, affording finc views and very picturesque scenery. The river Lugg runs for nearly a mile through the estate, and affords excellent grayling and trout fishing. Another trout stream forms a boundary for a considerable dis tance, and runs into Lugg on the estate. The whole of the meadow land maybe irrigated by water-coursesfrom these streams. The Nash Lime Rocls, affording excelient lime for agricultmual purposes, are witim three mailes' distance. The turnpike road from Presteign to ludflow and LeminsteBrtraveresthe estate. which isdistant from -the Leominster Station of the Shrewsbury and Hereford Railway 11 miles, and frorthe Pembridge Station of the Kington and Leomuaster Rail I wayaboutfivemiles. Thelandislettomostrespectabletenamts. The tithes are commuted. The land-tax on aportionof the estate i redeemed; onthe remainder it amounts to £4 17s. 3d. per annum. The =roperty occupies a central position between. and lies within an es distance of, the excellent market towns of Kington, -ight an Leominster. For further information apply to Mlfera. Bank'sand SOn. goleidtors, Kington; Mr. 3. D. Waters, solicitor, Great Yarmouth; and inin, London, of whom, and of the auctioneer, prrimed particlar and )alanemsy eebtalned, F?orawiewapplgtothetenanile,j in Mosaic Work, Painting EaMrvings, China, Glass bandsome Ieared oak Bookca9e, 'and ±useArticles; includiug the Jilect3 of Ithe latemr.Woodward, of Camaby-street. R. ROBE-RT RElI) wfi SELL~, at his Roomsg, Great MarlboronVg~si~~Mnd ext,Mbrch31, at'3 lfor 22 vetiwy moddemask roew od ti two drawing room and ane tabes,eabl~tswithplae-gassbak chimney and pier glue, ieord,es ofnCh slidin-fral Lme ini d tabes,tmentar.ok caes wiigtbs,Fen an . SraLas 4 bdtadswt Gangawngs, bedding, ardezrobecmpheesquof drlets wah-tarndoX91s. dersimnng abe, Andevel andto7letlasses,pndred,camb~deruniture..kitchvew edul byter,mandonothet eraect. MAyt maebeehad on aufa, and cataolous Regnts-ark.-Weill Lesehord In~vetment.,~eo J'IT ROBERT IED) wll SELL, Rt Gairra a' n YEonThursday. A &pril 17, a t 12,f pre a clEA,DL])E HffOUMSE.ANIT Chan er-iumuce.aned No.mptohicnhsquarlectromhoure an sta.bpe, annuw apdred troforOT yearsnsprd at a ground rent of £5.ie Manu bhe houese bypeniseweyprison of the tenant.Pn ead of Mieusrs. idibebbad and Cltr ark,eoctrs, Esq, Coolicotort, Linolns-in;at Gotanfree~Ofrawa's aunwd ' n of Mr. Robert Reid, 48, Great Marlboro ugh-s treet. ornigon-.Road,m ee'--A amrIy Weed ecured ]vih gvesn end st leton lese, th rents amnting o £155er anum 3P.ROBERREID.WillSEL~ atarawaygon T,h=us9d&,AErl17,.atl-" for Ipreclsoly a TE,HOD n comprising twomsupeious railesidences, itste5anding wotbin agionrod, cegntserpatrk; stbohletg ond oteass o.u5tobdng. Bhe Brasidhie,o Eq. at £5perainnunith gardnd aore,wih a coyodoh anh-ousef andpsteabl, to jeW. teonard, oudeathor aantonm, Ean h thouremane is lesheld o an jne.t irdteoa fA eas tagroundrnf 2emi. 'rentdof £1oper a onnum. be house Tayhe -prowedt a bperineswnofted tnat. Parti culars may be badofWtT IfFatrogre, Esq, citor, 87. Great Port land-street; tGrrwz Oaford Of rraa. andof M .Roeted, 48, Great Marlboro nghhstreet, Frdoutl,hastreteGa'-inrad.-A Haou Rsiene ho, withpgrdn ndstabn, and-n Iprov withun imedit o er aonnu. wUzcrd ~R. ROBERT REID wil SELL, at Garraway's_ .ton. Thursday. April 17. at 12 for Iptrecisely, a LCASEHOL)an HOD wit dobl ESTATE, situateN 5 aiothFrognat, withisnmtw roinutes'wlk nfo HaninepeteamofCh5, es, and a cotiuos ret ofakHll-ak conmprsn ando whchmmodiouamte rosessidenc,sanding hin; als gardn, consedrvaoryd Retabg and other onut-,buildngs. Thear rnespidende anda kporyo oftegaredeon 14recapyhog Nofth M5 1,andr17f Humntea-street, to k-afne, Sneth ralilendatdiNon, an toheIemaondcort is lh easeol, ofubjec toamgonda rente of £2bper annu. Iheedi=atbe pleod ypemssionabead ofthe troenats a evee. Particula rs may fe ben band oRuWtter. BakrFqsolicitor..7 8m7ds,n, GrneatPrtland -stet at Garrawwas; and o r *OMr Robert Reid, 48, Great Marlborough-street. SIdmuh-atcreetPag, v Gry-n-oax.' lahouse Inveshopenthso,seo andanImpr-owed Grond Mrcmnt-sof ee24 perannum,relsoecute. fI~ R.ROBERT REI-D wil SELL, at Garrway's dayTAgu17aday, fpril7 I t1 o precisely. i w os a LEAfMLDEPo-~ MTU withdeuleagphopstatere e-No.10. Hidm-street,Gray'den.c towd,-let3ld for touexir.ennlerttfnt5Chris,tmagrudayren,at of £16ee movdGroat d yerlrent of £4per annum hed for nGer unexpired, anrm Brik-lne,pi 1fildsaod~os 1 o 1,Jond a-couee, in thear sofpth Grebet Mreido4, GreatIS Marlborough-street.. GratMden-own, aonday Machntsreet 3, auto3 n-crelosee .iYjpusunt o a oderof heHig Cortof hacly,I en ther, Mo 1,Hihstreet ad yea early th renttoy £ an heluxd frean, -nexpare ther -gein guroiundrenUtoc£8iSpranm Thfethouses maybsoue Saieedbyrder- isonof thtrsectvetean Patcularsomay boewhaell Wate I akr,EnW osio 7 Gret oAlad-tret AUTONford-tree;ao I Olaius is,Esq, oliito, 0 ewBrond-treet aT GaraAY,s and ofMr. Rbert Rid, 4 GreatMarlbroughS,at eet yALUABLE Freehold Bldengtire loeqimn tof th Applyt Mssrs Roll, Grat o . rr teaiwTavern Coksham Ehbton, ThurdayArild,gt3e'lo. ValuaPlot Reold Freehod Lrnaged, aneah rierleemed,Br anndclsey tore,ben the ComStaton, Goretino Wether RAbbway.Appl toMesr. Rolls, REat arlw,f ELyUTO,a Lease of theoprettyaResidence , atatground ordent alofal the geuxine Fxeurnture ofrt-class Pian GoreStees andnEfere lor vabslutSable,byode ofigthe Fdreetltorod thellat-hue& lr.Can lotteax el HPULPRBY will SELL byACTO pubin the W7.1'.Ton7-oSeymopr-1,te aGroruwptjbor, eroftheY Marchn 28,cator teLES of the dae3r esiable HOUves), iseatnie gIneas 2 ndewly,til cmW5 earIt c-OmSe; alo lltherrd aenduwnehhouehldn Brook-strepianofortesessrc, aemndse,na the entir equipmen lt o ticuars nd atalgueson he pemiss; endtofls. Paraul, aaucinee and estate agent, 114,ey Sloane-ussetreet.t Theet Isign, d Hoxloway.;n angtbrde 1~fR'. PATL h 13reeve intrcton to w SELL by £..AUCTION, on the Premse, con Thonday. April 37 at nd foIl days, at ,i wloibu,lth wRFHOLe of0 the spenid CofIbo suerbs Chop i tue s,itdvauable10 Uprperstieseo theal aopDstvhemaGnifen,t Ehibition. , Dtaired laseodvertsement with ahppea ma few ad 6, J townde-lw andetat offices, 114, Sloane-street.n fou cot Valuabe Frehold uildin Fronages,land lf-tax c redeemdgen-! ondey,Surey,bein th Seond Portinnufmth Abbeyosevea Execqutofte latved Oa. Suorge witevooaen, inabivenets, valuable ABUl from PLOT, 3ineGresqatrusellsre,Rlysret vn-tetn BrokStReet .. BemnryeAchconainindro0 toN 156i fEet frnt VlAUa may .hat o ther.laogeph n the exec 07Utper. 15, Rily-street, to.oridy Aphillipst 1,coltr tote eOState, IUt, BermodE. trising mr.oganreand jataon,esoiciour.-7.Esexst,reeth, Stand;ro bed- Eliibl FeehldDwelig-ouse, leanhrbd-ta hrsedeirmed woolrmon ty ~~/UTR.HhUM dsoeS malloSELL bige wadrblic maClsurvvin Exeuto of he mateM.Gorge Steenst, in daesejparatedli,2 ienewatlogut3)esLN-OUE,wihyrd n Wahhuea Brotlok-steet auniSteunssreet Bermodrtseby, vnearth Olde Churc; eyt atool-s, e an -num,ra insmontly and othermental Flcs.Patclran plntbeA had Of M. atoteih Fioomn, 13, Oxiled-street. Rusell-streeta. theronTISDAeY,the th exctor Mor.1 Pilps,ncoullecort the esptate,m166, BermoIode-treet inlu.n Fredbi att,n foolicitor 17,snar Esex-streeds Strnd'Mr homs Hmphey, sointr. asIndima-oaychambrs, bat-ore. 5UrEzo-tet lzo-ae 1T,FSSRS. I).S.NBAKER and SONS hill SeLived SELL byAUCTION, at the Mart.es on Thuesday, April S. at1, In three lot, wel-uil FEEHLIHOSE wih onEctIoENCEr Shop, eim- tageinte rar;udacickbult Huse 2,andino explcellReents.air park,-the whole producing-aoim rentalo 10 nu . Thesera nooss ma beviewd byconent f t extepatsd, andpariuars,cuwith Bae and Son,r 107.tppro-street, Isitgron,qaeEclln 1~oe Besea, l;andthe Househod Furnitue and Effects;. eoe IJTESSRS. I)X SNHAKE and SONS hill SeLLivey instrL uction. nto theilag Amnstalerixoom10 Uer rat-ost. Todamq tonSL,byUTO, on Fr 1'ei ssonTeday. April 4,a 2,teH1iE,L atR12TUor compriinga mrahi-ogan sut,and pannedfourt-pot maenh.anyd iiroon bd steas, wth angigs,goos feaherbedsbhostehairandwo matg- Tasesad uedngo, hnSomersmahoganys wreingedsadrbmabe toMadR te wOLAsRtaD, mahlan cheat of dAwersO, isat w ardroe,oressing-glasses, sp unongigbab ond Tether cAmberl artice,al tureyt n cap sstal carpets,-OUseod and anti,quet caredwoa-buitesr hofucais, iores,elto TaundtarDn bles,gth boocsbmtes andabinet. elegante tbsie,sprmihogan and taahed chairs Asoas Por-cyofl heAsuandelir twor grand.lo piaofrtes,ulargeapl dogkEnnl, culsinary articites, Tandnmerous other tems, o be Misewedateoud aylpeeigadmrigo-ae MESSS. TEVEA2S andi SONS wil SELLON by IttAUCION, ralt theira oems 353iOxor-street, oetgadn.a The Pan. then, HISDA. 2th,at11 or 2 UnculS thSFeBApita modem FIJRIITUE, incudin Ai-ainn,four-ost.and rcnats-ybadsteads fores y einnt akes,idboads,dinngteabwood bookcases caopet. supelorpatedartiles,500 Is, f boks,imal celar E bof w in-th domstc equsies an nmeou efecs.MaybeviwedonThrs Baker's Badisness, doing 35 sacks wreekrly all ready mnoncy.-Lease Goodwill, Fixtures and Utensils, in one lot.-To d3illers, Slakers, Flour-factors, and othems-Abaolute and Unreserved Sale. MR. PETER BROAD) wil SELL by AUCTION, .LJat the Castle, Mark-lane, on Monday. March 31, at 2lor 3 ar crah' th BNEFCIL .AS ofthsecommodious PREEHf5 No.. GeatChpelstret.Wetmiste; wththe Goodwill of the valnbleBusnes, ad al th Fiturs ad Fttings in Trade, in one lot bydiectonof he rorieor thou h ilhath. Particularsat theCasle,andof r. ete Brad,aucioner,28. Poultry. Marsh Land, PIumstead, Kent. 1UTR ROB. ALLEN has received instructions to .tSELL byAUCTION,on Mronday, March 31. at 12 sttheAuctson Mart3, aeeout 4ace Dr.k28profd BrichtMA.SH LorDwihasbtantiSl frlalj baecrnxclln and buidigs,siuaewintheAbbseyhevl,a Funthe, endufate Chuchanoforte, fnOiladjtine p alarish oEugrsavelosBronzes, Deywce mhies froamenotwic, aindn thea Glkedisance fmrom EfrihImediate R.anmyb hDARD. For paricunr fappyvoured Haw ard, isRa., toicior, Datord SEnt; orAUT0 the autone, txlyniear Foot's-cray, teroc.Peltra, Dyke-road, BrightomTyand -Iriay. thSae of valuable ITUEfct.-ceen and weeouvluableaaonedHtseh untr, Squarg vret o ed China ornahements Linen, designa, Glass, beddinume'wrousoEfes.cet ofr.wrs EDandsom hashn bendtie favoued with marlstrugdraTL rioom uto EL by AUnIoNeoo, uondh Pompmises o, No.f3, Peelterrace, e-onalalf, Brightn,pont Thuarsda pandofortday.ctheed and gith onIoltUR,andernumerous-valual,se t6,effecsicudingavriety c,of bedstandOcsiofnth mos moden hadesogn, capitlvedding,e wavredroe,cet and numerouse chamberIndrequisite ofcrraetspobrndin character The and orcs,nal tables,lpaventitn surepgnfrt,cavdbngl consle tal,pisaDcimeyr lses w horland ere couh, onin Knox *. WattG O'Connor, andl other medern masters of celebrity, several line engrasings and water-cloured drawings. In the dining antibrea'kfast rooms are,a st of well-seasoned- sues bac'k chairs mahogany.bookcase.. a superior manuactredpedstaaldboad, apial inig tables, dinner waggon, quality-court. C canery-lane--Superer ousehold Pareture, It,e~ foDe-toned Cottage Pianos, and Effsct. lJqrESSRS. PRICE and CLARK wil SELL by ALAUCTION, at their Rooms, THIS DAY,at 12 for31,an swIn-- blae omodrnl2 TETtEcomrlsngrosewood and wabamt-re. ~~~~~~~ iaPestnmeaw lao and crdtbleg,eyancuhs -P SSRS. PRIEs idbands, CLARK- wah lan BEdstad by clAnUbedInN,marbto Garwahtafis an jealgam ~ ciaai debrar,1teZx eoutksadboof ,lce euats n M 60ts~ ylid. be,Sewd n aaoushd-M hney siut noeofrtheaabeatoalitiesaibt te weashtds thre lot, byordr ofthe xectorsof to.lthe flsFanle, fJh Tralal, THREE subtantial LASEHOLD udENCMe& undieanial beingl 1, 2,oad I, Loerstentg, ar-gtree, Porni psqae,hr anrum hedfrn ES rmS, PtRmoEaeronetsatrtls nd C recivetd hold invetmeUns Thfromiet my e Moriaee e byerUnCsION, oath teant3, Eoan-rpartcuarusbuhad,10 dayspror to tesae oob ral Yard, 4,d Harecurt,nemprelies; a tUerawith;an atMsr.1rc n dwean'shousies, 4,handecexent-rangezo C1apits alreeod Inveastmeate,i Doaernstrne rdcig£7 pran prdosarn o ESRS P ICper and LAKuaemee.e egahrDuryood en rpil rilsin,i valu2fe, n orlos aal nowelln-os,adecletrne of stabllts X siong or bosses,rwitha notie o caitaist.BMa be viewed bypermssin,adprtclr had1l0 days priortothe sae) of Mesrs WeallandBerkeley,solicitor- Temple-chambrs -Talconi-court, Fleet-street; at Garraway's; and oi Myessrs. Price adClark,48, Chancery-lane.- e--An excelent Residence,close to.iPortlandl-place. MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by AUTO,at Gas= y, onTeesdasy. APril 15, atl2 forl-a sae I StODNVST MET,.being theResidence,E~o.5. Beau- mnont-streett Portlad-place, in the parish-of 24arylebone. held for a term, at alow ground rent, sndlet toairespectablfe tenant at iOl per annumn. 'The realdence may be vieredhby permission of the tenant, and particularshad 10 daysprior to the sale ;at Garra-ay's; of Messrs. Simpson, Cobb Roberta. and Simpson, solicitors. 62, ldoorgate-street, city - and of Y?t;ers. Pric and Clark, 4A Chascery-lanie.- Thii Day.-I,M0 ad rich Silk, Satin, and Veve,Brod ClIoths, ~WESSRS.DE parl, ad Xffecta.-On View. .ILSEILL, at their Room,in-tetContgrn,HSDY the2Sth inst., upwards of lOoso ICLAffl nuigic goods in useful lengths,faioalshwsmnte,dse, .,en tlemen's attire, linen, afewotofurir, . Inlda Sawdls,ereg Latches, Cthree Silks,metuns, Pistols, andve Effct MSSRS. DEBENBTAM , STORR, and SON will iL ELLI, at their Rooms, RLing-street. Covent-garden, on Tuonda, Mach31 atoci- pisrigsbeaut irtl FRE andfILE k satins,sendwiehreno othgers j6eboels, tvof caigrs,o blaieand gernglemen'st appael, several iles- ona Satudacfeee.tt Teree eaysf table.pltewofaithe briint a-rgs looerse Jerlad a00 Golds ciand Siver Watches,tl lok three Cive hronometers, asr ivrPae .XESRS.DEBENHfAMf,,, STORE, and SON wegll aiinouoethat eir iroos ing-street CoTERnSALEn on Tuesda, Aprilti, ndrtwofinowndegaingsdape, sat ccs rtiB1J ,llTEolin% pttes and'S bthrooschs pins,triunngs, sirTeF qtud,andrants,et seet wthopes liar jwel, tresdepanrdo brillwat ear-rings,tinset sotons seveury, silverontea,and coffeeneqlagestreentati0oncus,iMuasteAs,rca7dland servicues or taberplat ofuthessive day(Snday edle ptrerns,ladites', goentlemren's drssngees wihelgntslvr85tne,lve,dulx mIdhoisDynThe weatches bythek laing mrakers, Juiniatged Cab~ndsler Quarteryhae ofe Book, Pantn,andow MusialrIstd.ruentos.e M ESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORE and=3 bookaE benitg paining, dawigs, nd ngrvins, pane cneetiasvilns, route micrscoes, resen ad Celse chna,urisitesmcins,s satu ary andbrnzs, il cmmeceattherRoiSEonLodL, at the 7,and conine fr evealsucesiv das SunayFREpEHOLD angdslong Covent-garden, Marchn b28 ecure. ato58t maker, etirin from Bsiness A.lV.b.eon theoPremises,tantPleant-row, Newp-road, Pentonvile comrisn capital maogn double-winedl lbray bh 3ookcase,dIen tabes bieors,wras, ,uli A CoT,cIbN, ctarvedwbedstea on'IlNrrse wood ch2ffoir , lon one wortabteoe Taprynedunuable FREntESeet ad Cushinsupolsterer's wstringicar wath hoop trpaeulin nampe-e bord sgtio; thavelrs gig four setsr o hrnss and,atmtv numevatous m ed armes fMaybeu vithew ey oir and catalogues badeonThe premies nda mr.e ahtrewfour' doffies hg, an. Poultairy. ru ute ffsrt Plies andAS coultin-houlshed b4nall)a veith c-apitabl Gtarouend Regnt, sem- toevey roLifeu Itrstr,ond wRevwaersilons.t,.Alo d ~,fR. SHTITTLEWOTH will SELL, a thmiesi S%at, LEASEHOD (mOuD REIud,mos undenabl rspecurbed famount t.Paricuarsmaybe adounin Msroos. oxepp and y, s olon citothrs, Gra'e-nnroa; t te art; ands at the aructifloneerns othies b1e A auabe an mot iportantCommvercial mrpety iN'e oCabnnon- thApprili6,et 1or1, inD one lotthuose very valabei PremlSleS, witJ2 toeaoenmdin New Cannon-streetwws,wihhavebee arecaeentl cnomplte nsiuaio, hary e fyesmatverd striking anr attracTive elevtiore esandi arel frtedop the M every comfort,o andee conv1 earenc. Thme pre- rmiescantiefu estories high,tand containsnurerous suitespofmisrst-rate ofriestavna andcutn-ose va 40 thin tall), sithuapitnalstaircase and ~lt aecesntof everthy romocurptugyom. wmedaterdosses,io cay blso had. Poininglansad connetdwithon the aboe, thosty eaissluPemisesd ina St, Marya GAderraary'churchyard, whvich onsito an lrespctbur,slefamily 'Warehose, h es adcontn aoms oath fim t se"cllsond, and thir loorsadicapital.shop Cand e]iars, onuthe goumpndeer and othe bs-. inent. Thee lastnamedt ipremanteshavebong benine the I-oenoti,mendo the proprietwor, M.dD. aot. Johnso and theAn rentsall vaglue, with thosetaboe-namdit e ann-tetwihae irsnuo R.b l IfaHIr L stmtD at £1,800perl anum the entrestgateei el fo the Mferfoxps'U ComAVy, onat lease,w for 61yars froSpt 1853 at a2 goround reent lofts.6 thoer annm oedn Tahi uableiccompany POrPERcaTIlES endstAbLainantio the Frtorastese pDemuwises Offe greatadvn antages aswell in, th me, tirecntru stuaton shi the runusua ethen ofspacFe, they ocuy.brImmadiathe posseshionma bD11eha.. Paticuplaersand onditionsord saeoilmsortly bmd iossued pand may bhem hade at Ga ortawaisanofromessrs Davedr Wyed BadZ hery aictrs,al boiorgatosreent,wersecardsby tor view imabedobtai ned. osoh SevoemstediiWye-Tramwtay,'orthe PulIc1CoPilBanes and others,Wvalesalwaye andinetsinporabl ntles ar ldMiaeranrell-kowextend Sagdeinsthecwhle under onainth1,100 brted.-AIunusuallyelgibe'n ran, alofwR. a beFCIL mistinstrwcted byith geatrtag by lees to therforen puli Batleast Gasr tways onr weed nedyApi PROPmerIE and Ca o all parts, othkingdeoreist bothen,wicr well-known aThes extension,aL onti themperr,fthe anhrcha thelx s Theres candthearconeldrns aerepmotuad-atagerom staena the hrongo turnpke rod frm Herford Moumut Dandlos, part nofte Seven an WysTramay, r th Bul-pu or anch ti of the ot Tosales Capiwayit.-Thesehvaald minves reY near ine wurellkn, veins~ and .,amsbo coaldtey ontainectrso the eertdClaefownrd-ilDeiV whiR aeraesYi fetana thicness, andsthrucrecognished seama nie, alls of whec lante pwroietabl S orke wit greIO\.at fclty, chtiefl by lvels ton Therextenttof a7t lAstU ,000t,ens per ink and lth,festransi acre, ad teyne hed i pepetity romtheCron one vcnterms teqa Sagrens tll heyarein oilwor. Fll esciptvePariuarsiculnr to~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~m th ae n a o fMsr.Mnhi n Sandes Msolctorsa, or r. ousan soicior,Brmaove orattheoffce CofMmr.leif-rd witharVnycgentem.Ano company itl foruhnhleo otino h GT.mo theDlat Owier,t SELL by AUCTION, at theAuto Gat,on hrsdatLWmbse,onWdedy, the 11hAri et a 2 i i ois ATTU.s an acetabL offteryfo theswhole isemadene in the iasithator, ELVMaeFREEHOflD HOuaeUSES,wNo.d ontohe rinsittl gProucoverlookigoodwagla ompatctn frenod esttre,n eligibly stuate, inst the vicinty of then Minst,eDcks itcont,ip recduczdiing andnalo£0 per aninuoms ,Pricularsom solcitrs,Buclerbur;o oftheauciones, copy formtheeia-roa Nea Wicheter-neleantlitle ounry esienc te deanhd Policyo Assurance srancforr £600.t ILL eorg Hotl, Wnchster on ednedoy the lif of april, now8 GreaL Thokat er dSiurabey.RTesdne ow trl Jasbl haudcmpcf reorila,le vzaleo tehoen,u 5 andetee n two an threetintialt the souetherofinchesteredi cnains good sired grudinns nraigos,salmm is~omjnr xcllet bdJoomnEd i approriateies, wth tStE-L pesrgin undof ktchen garden dituetahe diicoachhousrey, stablesadma' moom ,h prear-opertyo ilsrpofrfor three live uneratherheandan Clihaptier pofmWincester excep thoybedexacendeod. Tho rsiewnceisfanelehoanLt 2.d Acosyo stacturanfcot-efarchit,cwthre bonustes £2n an inevthed Nporwichndione orfce,l sonihelif ofh alrady,no poss.sF. Campler somlctr orthedautioneeir, Vnchpbeurer.frbe x Greatsioo.khaeprSrrLy.palrulysvmaluadex irand cmact Fedyehiof Estateds of abn 5 acrplues, witha ubstatia flriegsidubnce mthereon know as ilifeld ous, surouned b fruitiu gardens, ondhwed, Ths hvn EgD lreQuaK tOt E of Anienstrandsoded to SELL ?IJTESRS.JONESand ONHTIMillSELL by III AUTION,at thir grot Roos, IIan' 12, Lcicerfc-r-street. THI EENIG~at tothiniut, aCOLETIONof PICTURES by te ol andmodm maters sevralpleasing workZl:Y by ising srtite,watr-clou drwing rih crve an git frames, &tc. On view. No. Go, St. Paul's churchyard. -Important and valuable Collection of high class anin and maodem Pictures of the various schools, captalhih cassITeBeS amon themroillse fondrafework byRbe hch t bained as olDmedatinhePaay avanedl atn; th-erde Heitol famly Rafstle; and inmditerir Maless Otwdor impo)eretan t5wrs CTyp andu Coethersfn eamplters-UdrExof, iIoBlcl TerhargWouvermane Rubens aturn ie Rom Metan P. Potter RembranFxdt tay)fMach 8,dn Ostade Teniers P. Veronese ir A.drews. scritionfor ositve nd imedite sle, Out-dorsales efeted hit ToaPictue Colcosad GteaUdrco Excton, i e Bake Removaedtfo cket n Bate-treetuwitoudntoreserv. OnMeRhi. a ndmrig ofO) iWeS.LyA CtIloN,ue nt the xoomus 1, Riege1ntsre;andofnthReenctisoreer, THIS-DaY(riday).Marech28,ond. To-morr.-ow, atb12lfor SAL prciey, aAlUaTIle COLderTIOn ofPnmTURE, amng fowhirlg may,a be alpmed0o th Horseo Far.eA.oyp: Muical Patrty SrckinbTr-g deHoly F esiy.sHnhRs. tColhinghlyd iniShed Itimerios Miens; the Reslturn. Wofn0ODeertua oigi 3andu Chil, Shedoi; nd peciensof te cell arin and ooherwooteeme masters:- ~ ~ ~ ~ roewG vner; a Vanilyke ~hem Greu andPotegold.e a On viw ths da andmornngs f s ie, mitalgns at the. room,a1 Regntstret an o te actoner.Bel-yrd EDADSror' o ano d on te Pemiss, ld ethnl-geenroad onWcde-ldaly 2nd Map-
