DEATHS. On tim 14th ot Bovember. at };usuhee, aged 20. Jane Cleland, wift et Thomas B^rkeley BsattYE 1., ciLil surgeon, and eldest daughter ot Xxjor-General Wcodburn, <J. On the th nit., inhis 3nt3 ari HenryaRoger, onlyeonmooger| [Ilency Smtithe, Esq of EastIing, Frerobam, ie nt. On the 30th uit., lward WlAlism,infaut son of Alfred Watkin, Esq, le HollyBank, Sale Moor, Cheshire. Or the. lst iste, ia Queen's-gardeose Bayswater. George Gisbomno Iabingloe, Eo., se161, son of the lhte Thomas Babintgon. REq., of iothley Tem nple, Lcesterohire. On tle 2d t s,, in London, Xfaor George "utton Rawlinson, of the 8cnga 4rtiiicr, ir the 61st year o his age. On the 2d inlt.. aber residenee, 6, S eth apton-street, BloomaborytCure Misarriet Wilson, in her Slot year. On the 2d int, st St. Helier's Jersey, Slina Emma Wir. the oly sadbelcTeddAughterotCoolonelaunders, aged20 yearsand9 rnonths, On the Sd iost., atPlas Gogart. Uandudno, North Vales, Cbarlotte, the belovedwifeof the Rev. Edwart Thoma: Evans, M.A., icunulentof the rshandrliet of the. Wte WlUaso. Jones, ReQ., of Be-c Onthe morning of the d. iost,, at Trnoemoth, at the residence of ber son. WYi. Sidney Gibson, Rol.. barrister-at-law, and registrarof the Court of anrkruptcy, from congestion of the brain, (withi which she vas attacked on the anniversary of her birth-dayi1 after some years of lodily indrmityw ccasioned-byafa. Mr Eizateibso widow of t r renraminyGibson. foreertyof Gosport, and yoangerdanuhterof the late MNlr. Ada.n WaUlcer, lecturer in nwtural philosophy. and author of r3anyscientific works. She was warmly beloved, and is profoundly Iamete&L OOnthoSedinst., at o. t', Dover-strect, Piccadilly, Mrs. Stephen, aged 85. - On the-3d-inst., Captain Wiliam Cuppage, R.N., of Greenwich 3ospital, setond son of the late Lieut.-Generat Cappage, R.A, On thd 3d inst., at the Glyn, near Chirik, North Wale3, Richard AspinaLlh Etq., formerly of Liverpool, in the 79th year of his age. On the 31inst.. at Oxton. Cheshire, of croua, C n3rlei rancis Wood. stock. the Infant son of Mr. George Micarison, Commander of the shp Woods oek, of LiverpooL On thet 4th lst., at Lyndhrust-placc, Peckham, Mary Ehza Gale, second surviving sister of Mr. Gale, of Basinghall-strEet. On the 4th inst., Mr. Thomas Carter, of t', Brudenell-place, New .7orth-roio, Moxton, of consunmption, aged 44 On the 4th inst, at Great SLArlow, Sophia, relict of the late T. . D3rinhden, Esq., surgeon, of this town. On the 4th inst.. suddenly, Eliabeth, the altectionate wife of Mr. George f. Morgan, of Mornington-road, Regent's-pak. On the 4th inst.. at the Gerwvynn, near Wrexham, Aune, the beloved wife of John Lees, Esq., deeply lamented by aUl her uumuotns friends. On the 4th inst.. at 19. Eaton-place, George Wyndham, the infant ion of CaPtain Laffan MP.. aged six weeks. On the 4th hmt.. at St. Leonardou-sea, 31arianne, widow of the 3ate Robert Clutterbuck, Esq., of Watford House, Herts, in the ld Searof her age. On the 4:h inst.. at his residence, S, Bockingham-place, Brighton, Willim Payne, Eut., aged 65 formerly of Boud-street, London. On the 4th inst.. at Chcam House, Surrey, the residence of her sonIn-law* l'eorge Wilde, Esq., Hester, widow of the late Richard Curteis Crou~hton., LEq., of Tenteresle, Kent, and daughter oftheclate Toma :Feel. Esl., of Decant Park, Cornwall. Oa thc-5th inst. at herhou in Baker-streetk Portman.square, to Abe bitter grief of her attached family, Em3iy Sophia lady Hamilton, widow of tile late Lieut-Gen. Sir JDo. Haudltou, BarL, .C.T.S., i the 8fth year of her age. At thesotnse of his brother-in-law, Wood-grecn Cottage, Tottenham, ir. lichardStokes, Vged45.
* AB sLoTWr-PbxsoTvG CSE Ar BURIOA?KJ ' r (From the Ph nacrnuctic Jodur l l The Burdon case, which has excited sQ mnch interet In the minds of the publc and yrofession, epresents some remarkable features in the hnstory of crime. That Mrs Wooler, the unfortAnate victim in this caae,died from the - effects of arsenic admits of very little dispute. All the medical witnesses agreed on this Dint. The sinptoms during the whole progress of her ieness, extending over a perod of about seven weeks, were such as would be produced by srall doses of arsenic taken at intervals. -The arsenic was found inthe urine voided Airing life, and in #llparts of the body after death. The sigut disease of the lungs and the morbid condition of the liher would not, in any way, expnat the symptoms under which the deceased liboured, ani still less would they suffice to account for her death. The learned counsel for the defence did not dispute this point. The evidence, in fact, was, in this respect, too strong1 to be contested. This being admitted, the next inquiry*is, "Who administered the poison " It mas quite clear, from the condition of the unfortunate lady, that she did not take the poison knowingly or consciously; there was no pretence for the hypothesis of suicide. Suicides by arsenic do not take this poison in divided doses, fxtending overa period of manywes. For some time preceding her death the deceased took neither food nor medicine except that which was given to her by her attendants; and, lastly, the poison as found ina yt e which had been adployptenoth y herself, but by otners,during the greater part of her protracted ilness, for the pUrpose of supplying nounrshment to her wasted frame, and tor checking thee diarrhoeaundsr which she laboured. These facto furmsh an answer to another hypothesis which we haveheard broached concerning this lady's death-namely, that she had secretly adopted the practice described by V'on Tschudi, as prevalent among women in Styria nanely, of taking smfall doses of arsenic in secrecy, for the purposed improving herdpersona appeharace, nd making herself more attracive in the eyes of a husband whom she fondly loved. Is it necessary for us toudeal seriously ith another hypothesis, eqsally absurd, that the arsenic found in the viscera of the deceased might be normal arsenic-a natural constituent of the human body ? As no person having evens moderate knovwledge of physiology, p athology, or chninistry can hold this viewv, it is not worthy of notice. We shall only observe that it would be more reasonable to assign the presence of arsenic to epigenesis or the metamzorphosis of tissues during life. We thus arrive at two conclusions-that this lady died from arsenic, and that she did not take it knowingly. Was the poison the result of accident? The answer to this question, so far as the medical gentlemen in attendance on the deceased are concerned, is very simle. The whole of the bottles and packets in which the medicines were sent were in the custody of persons in the house. After they had once left the hands of the medical men they had no control over them. The witness, Ann Taylor, the confidential servant of the deceased, stated in her evidence that none were broken or destroyed, but all that could be found were collected after the dseth of the deceased, and carefully preserved. These, to the number of 70, including those m which the injections were sent, were examined for arsenic. They contained no trace of this poison. Therefore it follows, if accident'had any share in the result, it must have occurred between!the delivery of the medicines and their administration to the. deceased; but how can it be admitted that there should be an accidental administration of small doses of arsenic day by day, or at intervals of a few days, over a period of several weeks? Accidental poisonig is generally revealed either by a large dose of arsenc, followed by severe symptoms and rapid death, or by symptoms of a temporary kind and recovery. In this case the symptoms had only remissions over a very long period. No conceivable accident could have had this duration. The attention of the medical men was drawn to the existence of symptoms of poisonng th weeks before death, and this would have rendered them all the more watchful of any accident which was likely to occur; but the theory of accident has as little support from the circumstances of the case as the theorr of suicide. How was the poison adnistered? It must have been either in the fo or medicine. The vessels in which the food was cooked and the injections prepared were of sheet iron. There was no arsenical or other glaze..boutthem. They were such as are ordinarily used in houses, without any of the results of arsenical poisoning being observed. The meLical gentlemen, whatevtr may have been their indiscretion in keepiiig their suspicons of poisonngcon- cealed during a period of three wee are completelyexonerated by these facts from any participation in the administration of arsenic to the deceased. The symptoms of poisoning, according to the evidence, were first manifested about the middle of May, but it was not until the 5th of June that a suspicion arose that poison was the cause. It does not appear that injections werc used until about this date, and, assuming that the early symptoms were caused by arsenic, some of the poison must have been taken by the mouth- hence those about the deceased, who were in the habit of giving her food or medicine, must, either knowingly or nowingly, haveadministeredarsenic. Therewas no proof of the possession of poison by any one about the deceased, if we except the discovery of an ounce bottle, labelled " Fowler's Solution," containing a small quantity of liquid. This was in a basket with other medicines belongingto 3Ir.. and Mrs. Wooler, and to which, itappears, theyboth hadaccess. This bottle had disappeared before the inquest. It is right to state that, when seen on two different occasions, there was the same quantity of liquid in it. Although labelled "Fowler's Solution," there was nothingtoshowthatthe contents of the bottle consisted of thispreparation, Hence, strictly speaking, the possession of arsenic was not traced to the accused, nor to any one about the person of the deceasedL All who had dispensed medicines for her were cllUed, and they clearly proved that no arsenical preparationhad been at any time used by them. The main fact in favour of the accused relied upon in the defence and in the summing up of the learned judge was, that there was no motive. The same remark wiU apply with equal force to every individual who was around the deceased. The only medical fact which bore apparently with any force against the accused was not placed before the jury by the learned judge. There was arsenic in a pewter syrnge, identified as that which belonged to the accused, and proved by the witness Ann Taylor to have been constant y used by him and herself in administering injections. A brass syringe borrowed by the prisoner had been prevously tested, and arsenic was pronounced to be present in it. It was afterwards found however, that arsenical muriatic acid had been used in testing it, and therefore the result could not be relied on. Two other syringes found on the premises were subsequentlytestedby pure materials, and in one of these-a pewter syringe already referred to, the only one used-arsenic was detected ! There was no arsenic in the metaL I In the address made by the learned judge to the jury the mistake respecting the arsenic in the brass syringe '(the borrowed one) was placed very prominently before them; but the fact regarding the positive existence of arsenic in the pewter syringe (the prisoner's own) was not even adverted to; it was passed over as an unimportant circumstance! But it is surely important to consider how the arsenic1 got into the prisoner's syrnge, and who used it. We have, hteard it suggested that Dy a reversed action of the valves soine of the fluids of the rectum niight hLave been drawn into the tube. This far-fetched hypothesis will not, however, explain the facts; the fluids secreted from the lower bowels could not have been, under the circumstances, so saturated with arsenic as to account for the result. The decesed was undergoing chronic poisoning as a result of absorption, not acute poisoning from a large quantity of arsenic, taken at a dose, of which the surplus would be mechanically discharged through the rectum. There is no theory to explain this fact, except that fluid containing arsenic must have been usedin the syringe, and a portion retained. It appears, from the evidence, that the injections were administered -to the deceased by Mr. Wooler (the accused), and by Ann Taylor, the confidential servant. On two occasions only the latter was assisted by Miss Lanchester, a friend of the deceased. Such are the medical facts regarding the administration of poison in this case; the proof could be carried no further. Had the fact of the discovery of arsenic in the syringe used by the prisoner been laid before the jnry, instead of being passed over altogether, it might not have 'affected their verdict; but it would have probably been more satisfactory to the public. The jury have pronounced the prisoner, under the direction of the judge, 'to bean innocent man wrongly accused of the crime of murder.. Still the fact remains-Mrsr Wooler has died from the effects of arsenic, apparently administered in injections by those about her, the administration being in small dose4, extendmg over a period of several Weeks. The learned judge, however, openly stated that this administration had not been without full consciousness on the part of some person not directly indicated. It is unfortunate that bythis iark; a heavy weight of suspicion is made to rest upon persons undoubtedly innocent of this foul and unntmral crimp.
Dm:r.NT VImWs OF THEP cTUx ESQu-.-About the year 1730 Captain Burt, one of the first Englishmen who caught a glimpse of the spots which now allure tourists from every part of the civilized world, wrote an account of his wanderengs. He was evidently a man of a nuick, an observant, and a cultivated mind, and would doubtless, had he lived in our age, have looked with mingled awe and delight on the mountains of Inverness-shire. But, writing with the feeling which was universal in his own age, he rqnounced those mountains monstrous excrescences. Teir deformity, he said, was such that the most sterile plains seemed lovely by comparison. Fine weather, he complained, only made bad worse; for the clearer the day the more disagreeable did those misshapen masses of gloomy brown and dirty purple affect the eye. " What a contrast," he exclaimed, " between these horrible prospects and the beauties of Richmond-hilL Some persons may think that inrt was a man of vular and prosaical mind, but they will scarcely veilture to pass a similar judgment on Oliver GCldsmith. Goldsmith was one of the very few Saxons who, snore than acentury ago, ventured to explore the Highlands. He was disgustea by the hideous wilderness, and declared that ho greatly preferred the charming country ronnd Leyden, Ike vast expanse of verdant meaowv and the vilas with Yaeir statues and grottoes, trim fBower beds, and rectlinear avenues. Yet it is difficult to believe that the author of the Mnrrdler and of the Deserted Vtilage 'was naturally inferior in taste and sensibility to the thousands of clerics and milliners who are now thrown into raptures by the sight of Loch Katrine and Loch Lomond. Mg feeings may be easily explained. It was not till roads had been cut out of the rocks,s til bridges had been flung over the courses of the rivulets, til innis had succeeded to dens of robbers, til there was as little dngsr of being slain or plundered in the wildest defile oadenoch or Bochabar as ini Cornhill, thastagrshudbenhte1yte blue dimples of the-lakes and b the * which overhung the waterfalls, nd could derive a solemn plesre even from the clouds and tempests which lower on e untaMtisn tops-AtaceuisE stofl£sgld. C y LENBO BOUGH.-A Paris corresondent vwrites ;' I have this day received communicatics from Constantinoople which say that the unfortunzte WY Ellenborough, whos~s romantic adventures are toofniml arto the public, was htesi assassinated in Arbint by (says my i- formant) ' le har,?ne d'uns Cheik ArabeI anm only able to add that the deed, s supposed to have been comsimitted t the suggestion of somC wromen who were jealen of her-
TO THE EDITORZ OF THTE PTErS Sir,-Last week you publisd the Board of Tradetables, embracing the imports and exports for 1854, with their values. With reference to Irish trade, this document is grossly deceptive-as, for instance, the value of the entireInsh exports is estimated at 272,000!., whereas the exports of B3e1fas aone in 1854 amounted to aboult 9,500,00CL.-say, nine miuions and a-half I u, the total numbet of vessels that entered the port ofABlfast in 1854 is stted to be 214, whereas the tonnage entering the port that year was upwards of 790,000 tons I aving for some years past been endeavouring to bring about an improved syster, I entered into a correspondence with the Government in September, l854 (copies of which I beg to enclose), and on the 10th of July last I madethe following remarks in the McrcantfierJournal of that date, with reference to trade tables which were published at that time:- "On former occasions we have had to enter our humble protest against the manner in which Goverument returns are compiled, and we regret that, notwithstanding all I the cry about administrative reform, there is as yet no appearance of amendment in this respect. "We have frequently shown in these pages that the monthly returns of trade, as they are now phblshed, although certainly of some slight value as far as they go, are rendered comparatively useless, in consequence of htot being organized ona systemthat.would giveus the quantities and value of our imports as well as the value and quantities of our exports-the countries whence received and to whence exportd, so that a regular debtor and creditor account could be kept of our trade with each nation or country. Consideringthe matter of somuch importance to the mercantile community, we even took the trouble of sending a memorial to the House of Commons on the subject last year, which we intrasted to the care of our worthy and active town representative, 3fr. H.L M'C Cairns, and which he was prevented from presenting, owing to certain matters of routine interfering. "Any stranger, on looking at the above return (the return showvin'g the proporoteoa trade of the various ports in the united tengdom), would imagine of that erade of Belfast wgas represented by the figures there given, 'and that it was a place of no comlmercial importance. Here are tWhe fiures Tonnage Thwsnls Vahue Erports 1855 .. 53,A37.£e28,755.' "Whereas the actual position of our trade for 1854 was :- - I Tonnage Inwardr Vahle ErperLt. 1A54 . - . 790,09. .. £0356,766. "The values of a few of the leading articles of our imnorts and exports that vear were as folows :_ ! "It will be observed that the exports of linen aid linen yarn comprise nearly the half of the total value. ! Cottons andmuslins also p resent a mast creditable figure.I " The value of the L^iverpool exports is im menlsely increased bz the shipments of linens, yarns, musl3ns, and other articles sent there from this port for re-thipment abroad. "Is it not supremely absurd, then, for the Government to permit the continuance of such official bunglinW as the above return represents. The value of tho Belfast! imports for 1854 has been computed at7,576,290., so that osr import and export trade combinedrepresenU value to the extent of nearly 17,000,0001. sterling. "The consuming importance of the port may be gathered from the fact that upwards of 100 tons of refined sugar and 35,000Ob. of tea are required weekly for its supportj and the consumption of coal avetages aboult 1,000 tons per day." Perhaps youwilegoenough Eto aive these remfsnarh place in your valuaole columns; in doing so you<will not only he conferring a goreat personal obligation on myself, but also ona large number of the merchants of thistown who are anxious that the trade of Belfast should he represented by such high authority in its true light.' Ihavethehonourtobe,Sir, - - Your most obeirnt l JOHN SRED. I I ]aditor of the Bclfast MercanWle Journal. Be]fastc, Jan. 3 - -
WAxR-OrrrCE.;Ati greatmany importat cbanvge3 =nato of utes and Iocality is tli order of i~hs day. Bucldnglsm-house, in Pall-malI, is bing fitted up for the. xeceptiou of the accountaut's branch of the office, Iand the remainder of the establisInhent will be acoommo4ated in .what has long beexi. the Ordnance-office. Mrt. Hawes, the de tay at war, Mr. Drewry, the cief clerlk, an a portion of the establishment not engaged in the Anancial' business of the War D)epartmnent are ine urse of removal to Pall-malL. Armong the ehanges in thke I~rjonwmd, consquent upon The entie remodelhng of thedepdT ent. we maynow metion thaLt Mr. 1?.. C. Kirby, the chiMef examiner,thasdecidedt ret W can only iterate ur of he~rt-cas °cerk,ad Mssr.rp2ett, )fiscy, and ar-ownwl bs his mmediate a &s6Att-ETA Sai3C-
_ _G., O: S I - BIGHTS OP ZS. 1A;s (From the New YOrk JOUria of Comtsr) Theliberality-of thc belligerents in thelr eensfruci of the rUrictionsdmposed on neutrl nations by She preeh bte of public ofw his aveted, thus faro ain tbeprusecx2hscf"' Snoatt of those embsrrating qTestions wrnch if. previout rtarswaeeitherthreatened to brn new pariee intoF thc hnte orahve laidthe foundation ofpfuture re o mations arg uares. Both sides have shown an E esstoc oncilate the yemprthies of other nsthonds annadvesought to avoid grounds of dissatisfacion' and, if eispir ,yovclel shes;siv resent met of X fienly Power, as ths thecase Chon nuland ttemp ted to enlist recrdits forhei on Ia the Unted States, the rnughas been nedrgtaedby prwepr edisvowalrof intentiondlofence and ofsquai0iedj0su pncy anst ts repeItion. The case was veryrto feeteindthe preat-ars wsged nthe early partof the present bynturh,in which France and EngDland were *frces on oppaitre sides, and each of who in prosecuting hostilities mavnfested a overbeng and insolent disregard of the rghts ind deftintc of the powerofrientralnations. The orders andiecrets oef sucpcssive Fiench Governinents-thone of the Directory, Consitee and Empire lted in depredationfr on our comnuerce that eater many years of negotiation were atoned for by a ptial indemityof etac2O,OO, paid bv' France in 1f8l cal assertion of a etende tght to search our ships ana impress our seiamn by the cruisers of Great Britan was a still more irritidirLg am! oppressivne procedino on the part oE that Pov, and its persistent exercise oltimately forced us to the rbitrament of war,in which wde haipbin suacceded in- achievins th establisihment of the feedon ef the seas. wair the Ftenchm indemnity did not compensatete in sauerers to thmextean of more than one-third of theirjusthclaims; aut fcomrlet prostration of commerce as onle one of nthe Vipntant. sacriices that resulthed uepon the vindication fmt r rights: invaded by the greatest mrrda sme Power oef -the world. Experience admonishes us that it is better to eek to prevent a wrong and to "avoid entrance into'r quarel" thasntotunstto the chanmae of diplomacy or -war for reief' from losses that have ah'eady been incurred. gappily, in. the contlicts that were forced 'pon usnve so bore onurselves that to secure henceforth freedom from foregn molesttioi there is no occasion for manifesting hie spirit of our pcople or the p erov;ss of the nation. Theaexercie of mnannstiY-, in mnalng liberral allowances in favour of the eizgencies of either of the belligerents in t de present war will not be misconstrued into want of confidence in an ability to' mainti our own rights, norwill prudence inthe condnct ofrforeitnd reationd s be imputme to any other o itmenthe "an tha,. ennobling one which goes beyond patriotisntat comprehend. philenthropn in its regard, and seelcs to reconcie the promotion of the national interests d ith which it is'-priorl; - concerned with the restoration of universal harmony and the progress of civlization among mankmeinl At the commencement of the ar wging, the son jecn of neutral rights WaS one of considerable-:interest and axULietyr to maritimne nations throulghout the world. Apprehension, howvreer, was speedily;allayed,' by the declara-tious of the British and French Governments of 'heirdetermination toyield most of the concessions clai'med to' be demanded by the expansion of commerciil interests andt by the -orogressive humanity of the age. These concession3. essentiilly modified the more restrictive provisiolis of publie law, which had operated with chief severity in former wars on the transactions of trade. Russia gave a theoretical consent to a still more liberal construction of the imtermational code. In no case was there any claim advanced on eitherside, as respects neutrals, which had not the sanction of previouspractice and of thehi hest legalauthority. The alteredi state of affairs produced by the actual pendency of warsuggested private mercartile enterprises and zidventures, whosetprojectors, in some instances, sought to secure for. them the guarantee to be derived from a declration of their legaEty by the British Government. Day after day the> Bn=usu papers published letters seelnrg assurance from the.. Government in respect to some new point which the change' in affsirs presented for solution. With a rndence characteristic of British statesmen, a commendable ieserve was maintained in respect to all those cases in vhich the rights. of others than a party to the application, whether citizensor foreigners, might be affected by the decision. The Governiment replied that it was the province of the judicial tribunals of the country to interpret the law in its anplcation to such cases as were presented for their decision im the' ordinary course of business, and refused to commit itself by assurances thatthe Courts were competent to oveirule. The' applicants were referred to their private leral advisers, and' told that they must incur the risk that att,nds al tractions as regards their conformity to law. The Governunent. claimedno power to alter the pubc law so far as the rightsz of otherparties might be affected by its provisions, except to4 enlarge those rights by granting privileges as against itsdlf. It declared a willingness iowaiveto a certain extent its own. rights, or rather those controverted claims which belli-- gerentsin former times had practicallyasserted, to the greatinjury of nentral trade; but it did not assume to confer - upon its subjects other rights than those which confessedrybelonged to it to bestow. The same wisdom and prudent anticipation -of possibly'embarrassing conseqaences have not always characterize 'the course of our own Government. A case in point; occurred during Mr. Fillmore's Administration, when perhaps the greatest statesman that ever directed our counses; was at the head of the Department of State. A great mercantile adventure wasandertienwiththe assurancegivenrby-that eminent man, towhich his officialpositionwis supposedt erroneously to attach pecaliar weight4 that the. Governinent-. of Peru had no such property in the Chincha Islands as. entitled ittocontrol e ortation of guano therefrom. The entecprise involved alte partiesSo in in disaster. Peru asserted and maintamed her exclusive right. Thee Government of the 'United States was drawn into the presentation of a chalm from which it was subsequently forced to recede. The private citizens at whose costbhe expedition was fitted out are now asking indemnity of the Governmentfor losses incurred in its prosecutio. i We attach no great practical importance to the recent;- promulgation of an opinon by Mr. Attorney-General Cush-- mg that sale of a belligerent ship to a neutral -would holdM good even if effected in transit upon the high seas, so thatthe sale be in good faith, beyond the tendency which thedeclaration of such an opinion has to establish a precedent. that in future practice might comniat the Government to, embarrassg controversies which it could otherwise properly avoid. The claim advancedby the Attorney-Gechral in this, connexion is at least a conroverted one, and no case - arisen, or is very likely to e, to test its applcAtion. Ourcountrymen are not likely to purchase Russian sh;ps exposed to capture by Fench and Britishcrusers upon the high seas, except at a price that, instead of establshing the good faith of the transaction, would tend rather to show that itwas a mere evasion of the liabilities of a belligerent. But, if such a case should occur, its prejudication by the ip5c diuit of the Attorney-General would in no mnner control the decision of the Court charged with jurisdic iou of it, while it mnight involvethe United States' Goverenmet in thela discussion of dificult questions with Englnd, and, if the slewere pronounced illegal, wvould inevitably expose it to the-- importunities for indemnity of the party who had paid bin money without securing the purchase.
REPORur iN 1THrE cOuBR OF BAAUJPTcy. TO THE EDITOR OF THIE TMS Sir,-Wehearmuchof the rnsatisfactoryaduiniRtrationof the law of bankruptcy. Allowme to caUl your attention, and, through yoar columns, the attention of the learned commis-- sioners, to one very simple but very. notorious fact, which. goes far to occasion, and, indeed, to justify the complaints= alluded to. I refer to the practice adopted by the learned commissioners-and which appears to have settled down into aut established rule-na,ely, that each commisginuir shall sit. in his respective court once only, or it may be twice a-week,, though occasionally, in the case of an unusually insdustriour. commussioner, or one who is shbject to intermittent fits oE application, it may even reach the rare nImnber of threesittings in one week. The conseqgence is that a long lisbt. of matters, which ought to be distributed over several days, are crowded into the list for one day, and, as a necessary result, the court on that day is full to suffocation. It i£- impossible for those professionaDy engagea to diiharge theirduties from the want of mere space for the purpose, and thetime, patience, and comfort of ereryone in atteiidance areseriously affected. -Iratters which are placed-in the list forthe day are not reached until an hour or two hours after thotime appointed, and when reached, all parties, from thecommissioner downwards, being naturally anxious to get. through the businessand regain their liberty, both of action. and breathing, as quickly as possible, are scrambled.through., inthe best manner that ciruanstances permit. ; Such was the case to-day. The commissionerof the dayattended for the first and only time this week, aid with a. list of matters which ougat to have been divided.into three. The heat and closeness of the court vere intolerable, and it. required the exercise of considerable muscular exerticn toscure a position within sight of the commissioner. 31&tters, to my own knowledge, were not reached until nearly twohours after the time they were appointed to be heard, and. then had to be disposed of in the manner I have ittempted, to describe. Not only does this system occasion a serious lo9s to solicitors, whose time is their money, and to all other psratio having business at the court, but it is impossible udersuch. a system for the busmiess of the Court tobe conducted in a proper and satisfactory manner. Nor does it seem right. that, while many of us have to worl, every day, early andc late, to obtain the means of procuring even the necessaries. of life, gentlemen who receive hsandsome s.alaies for the discharge of theirpublic duties should limit the time for attending to those duties to one or two, or in rare cases to three days in the week, and then only between the hours of 11 or half-past 11 in the morning and half-past 3 or 4 o'dlock in the afternoon. n Nor is it creditable or £tting, or even decent, that theadminsrtion of jusice should be scerambled .thlrough in. this manner, and made an occasion of. loss. discorufort, and': disgust to aZlwho have the misfortune to be. lirought in. contact with it.i I am sorryto trouble you at so greatalength,.butacomplaint addressed in any other mode or tbrugh any etherchannel-would be a snere wasteof-time.---- Itisonly right to add that some of the en connisrasoners appear to indulge in the pracice cobiplained of to X- greater extent tham the others, some of whmSeieve, would willingly sacrifice their personal conreiienoe for the public benefit. 'V - I remtsn. Sir, your mo6t obedicnt serat - - - : 2 r E XL Ja 4. ... - ThLvKaroor,, Saturday.-The Roybid [hAl seam]hip America saied ta-day 'with the,numal-]pinls for -ainrad Boston. -The British aind XortneiAxn 'I saoY]gSfrlMIter1~PooL bnybIvcecdtheoompay the we1 depaxtums from 1 anYox cn1i te&eIYe -wfi Aespateb.-th -Meansi~c r liepo nWednesday neit fr wYr,ee h 'willlexve onWednesday,thef,thf Febrwury. TeUnitecl States ailO steamship Baltic 'wfil also-leavelj I4*o1
hc B7Z :UE atnd CASH ACCOUNhSS of the YEAR (From tle 4.Z#.# I Whenthe c an ceswhich speciallyafiect the revenue etrns for the quarter and the year are fairly considered, they are tiore favourable than at fiTst si;ht they appear to be. That these returns are the best indication of the rea condition of the country in relation to its material prospeulty no one'will doubt. At the same time, loss or more at Tarticulatimes they are subject to distrbing cauxseswhich WniuencenM4etesult, apart from the actual consumption of rticles from which revenue duties are derived. 'fhe pay. anents of Castons and Excise duties are made by the large dealers, whose htansactions are, at particular times,-influenoed by, epeculative considerations, which induce them either toaiticipbte the wants of the public by-increasing their sto&k beyond their ordinary amount, or to postpone the payment of duties as long as the demand from the actual consumer will peramit. Although, therefore, like many 4thergeneralrules, this test of national prosperity "may be, *ndis, true in the general, it may yet be false in the ~articulQr." The amount of duties paid is a certain test of She quantitin of goods Tassimg from the importers to the Cealerss hands; but though, in the long ran, it must also be satest of the qaanttty actually conasuned by the community, ete it may not be so in any particular quarter; dealers' stccks may be either increased or diminished, and the mut of revenue received increased or diminished accordinlyr, while the actual consumption of the country remains the same; In attempting, therefore, to draw general deduchons from these retuns, it is necessary to bear in mnind those disturbing causes, and to make due allowances for them. -: The income of the quarter shows a net increase of =21,4751S This is the moet important and interesting point of comparison in all these returns when they are taken as a test 6f the condition of the country, because it refers to the immediate time, and is less disurbed by influences of re. inote dates. Considering the increased taxes vhich were imposed-id the last session, direct' and indirect, this is certinlynStasatisfactoryresult. Butitisevenlesssowhen ve referaOs the fact that, notwithstanding the increase in the duties upon tea and sugar, the Customs show a decline of 315,506t, But for this decrease the net increase -of the quarter would have been upwards of 6,0007., and if -sugar and tea had contnbuted their fair .-share of t increase the revenue of the quarter would have stood at about 1,000,0001. more than the correWpondins;iquarter of last year. Nothing, however, woald be more false than to accept these undoubted f.acts as a sign -of an alfration in the consuming ability of the country and -of the coudition of the masses of the people. No dou'bt the -very high pricesof the first necessaries of lIfe may have zsom-wat-sinfhinged upon the consumption of articles which mny be considered as the luxuries of the labouring classes '7utour tradereturnsindicatethat that has not been the *casetoanyconsiderable extent. It will, however, be re-membered that in the quarter of 185&, with which the pasv -quarter is compared, upon the meeting of Parliament in the rnonth of Novemter a very general imnpression prevailed that a lage increase in the duties on imber, sugar, and tea would be proposed to Parliament, to meet the expenditure -of the War; and that, in consequence, very extensive payments oLduties took place in anticipation of future demand. 'The dutv-paid stocks of importers and of wholesale dealers -were thus much increased, without, however, affecting the actual consumption. The consequence, however, was -that the Customs revenue of that quarter repre- sented #onsiderably more than properly belonged to it. In the-, present year the reverse has been the case. In tiec -early part of the quarter a sudden and very aege increase in the price of sugar took place, which eroved X>be greater than the relation of supply and demand fairly jstHifLed. When the price was forced up to the highest point by speculative operations about the middle of the -*uartereibyers withdrew from the market, relyingupon -uteir ersgestocks for the immediate suply ofthe actmal -consumption, and, with the exception of themost urgent -.demand wthich have been supplied " from hand to mouth," transactions in this important article have been nearly :suspendea for the last five or six weeks. And, therefore, while the revenue receipts of the last quarter of 1854 were -unatcrplly nflated by-a speculative increase of duty-paid .ntocks, those of the past quarter have been as much dimi- aisshed by the reduction of such stocks below their ordinary -amount.. This result, however, must be regarded to a great -extent as being accidental; for, though the recent specuL-.. tive and high price of sugar must to some extent have -diminished actual consumption, yet the decline in the receipt -of duties must,be mainlyattrfbutable to a decreaso of stocks, which- of course, will be cor-rected in the coming quarter. AVhen it is remembered that by far the largest amount of the new vtxes of the past year consisted of an increase of the -duty oriungar, the disturbing causes to which we have re- ferred as applcable to the last quarter are calculated in a ;reat degree to remove apprehensions which might otherwise fairlyi bfelt on looldng at these returns. The icrease upon the Excise for the quarter-viz., only Z3,144.t though it appears small, is satisfactory when it is borne immind that not only the fulmalt duty was in operation a year ago, but also that considerable -receipts arose in the endoE 1854 from the payment of the extra duty upn the stocks on hand when the duty was imposed, and with v-eTrd to whichthe usual credit was given to the trade. The increase Upon the revenue of the year is 8,133,3961. falR,n allowance for the disturbin' causes to which we dhave already adverted in reLation to the Customs' revenue in the last quarter, and which apply equally to the year, as -compar4 w-ith those of 1854, this increase can only be con-idered as satisfactory, for it will be borne in mind that the receipts of I854 already included nine months of the new "duties imposed in that year. But the most satisfactory feature in these returns is the _ull success of the income and property tax. The doubled income-tax of Is. 2d. in the pound was computed to give somethiV. less than 14,O0,W0001.- it has actually yielded 33,84,1141, and, taldng into account arrears outstanding it may_be considered to exceed the original calculation. 'erhapsthere never was a more striking proof of the advan--tage of 'a direct and simple tas, when compared with all -other sourcesof revenue, than is furnished by the experience eof the last pear; and it has double importance when the ohject for which it was imposedis considered. In making provi.sion for'the expensesof a war ecrtairty not only as to the funds for conducting it, but as to the time of receiving them, isWone of the most important elements. And, again, -at such a moment it is above all thin"s essential that as little disturbance of the interests of trade and industry - should take place as, under the circumstances, is possible; for, after all, it is upon them mainly that the State can rely forthosepernanent resources equallyessential tothecon.ductofiwar,and the development of the advantages of peace. We may say that the present annual receipts from the income-tax are now 8,000,0001. more than they were at - {he commencoment of the war, and it would certainly be --difficulto point to any other source from which such a sum scouldbe raikedwith so little difficulty or disturbance of tgreat and general interests. According to the experience of the past year, a 10 per cent. income-tax would yield little short of 24,000,0001. The cash account of the quarter speaks to the huge extent .-of the preparations, which are being made for the coming .campaigrn Teamount appledtothesuppl services, asvoted byaarMment, is 14,8w0,5901., and theptllount of charges by act of Parliament upon the consolidated fund, including the dividends of the public debt, is S,122,7031.; being together-a charge upon the quarter of 23,003,293I.-or at -the rate of 92,013,1721. forthe year. The receipts of the -quartershow adeficiency of 3,879,7507., for which "defti. - ciency bills"' will be issued to the Bank, repayable from the -accruing revenue of the current quarter. This amount, though large, is by no means calculated to create anyuneasiness iter as regards the means to meet the expendi-ture of the year or as respects the money-market. At the -commencement of 18.55 the amount of "deficiency bills" -was 3,20DOQ. ; so that the amount now is only 670,0001. in -excess, wihich may be fully accounted for by the temporary reductioipof the Customes'revenue tow hich wehaveadverted. -So far as regards the effect upon the money-market, it mnst beborne in mind that, although the amount of charges upon tli6-consolidated fund of 8,122,7031. applies to the 'quarter just expired, a large portion is actually puaid during th curreiscy of thepresent quarter; so that the Bank of inandsLs called upion really to advance but a comparatively small postion of this large apparent deficiency. ln the last -qurter,for example, therewfas a deficiencyof 853,4431., but the anei2 reality was not called upon for any advance wh.ntevei -: the revenue of the newv quarter having come in - quicker $than the payments were required to be actually made. ;There IS, therefore, no ground forWbeieving that the w,ants of the Goverunment w.ill interfere in any way -with2 th*' ability of the Bank to afford to trade the full - extent oE accommodation require.i
THE nC GBMA;&' PRSs.-Those who dreaded a press, wvhich they found to be particularly inimical to their -own narowinded and imperfect views, have done their -utmost ±his year to.supplant it by another. "Let the eple be instructed," cried these reformers, whose only re ielance was that the people knew already too much. Well they have set up what thsyicall their "cleap" press, 1neanng-a.low-priced one. Its only possible pretension to tCheapnesj is in its dishonesty. What it steals is doubtless -very good, seeing that it walks into the market and takes what it p&eases. But theft is so hurried a process that it is pt to s'il the article in the very act of robbery, and 'curiously s ertain to mOpply it; and it is most amusing to nd the lespisers of stale nevs, ~who cried out ainst a psper a day old, quite reconciled to the delay employed in transferring the news of yesterday to the "che a r of to-day, prosided the "cheap" journal has the date of toOly on s4 title-page. The cheap papers, however, must din -cover sg5ae hitherto utntried means to exist. head only -what conies out mn the shape of aulthentic fact. Bead the .account f an action brought against one journal by .edstor engawed, at a most miserable salary, and oblied to appeU for damages on a breach of contract even to get some recompense in lieu of what he was promised. Xa the account of the auction to which one of thesa Ivluble Prprties wras brouightwhrtee was one l7,iddming - ah-the prize was knocked down .to a c&-drang reporter on the paper itself, who, moor fellow, could not find the 101. deposittohandiel hisgain. Y greatloss-for the weaklang died next day. We are not Wering at poverty; it is our righttoaslof our `reformes wrhether tnisi is the enginery with which they in tend to supTlant the established and trusted organs of publc pinion t. Vhere are the unheard of instructors that vere tO teach ius umnnown political lore? Alas, unheard of still, a nd as with the "coming mene'ao with the coinngmatter that is uot forthcocung. istitutions- that noblyanswer their pu=ose (and the British press has been one of them' are embedded i deeper foundations than sciolism can guess at. Their walls are cemented, not shakenb time they are buit to resist storm. Habit, in which ere isnoreprosch, confins the trust in them and the lih'no for them mnore andi more; they are part and c of the dail lifezeieds, not merely blameless but instinctive, for its happiest and worhiest purposes. Men leave theirnativecoutry and rejoice over scarcely any renewal of its memories so much as tle oldcustoxed neaerchampio as re11 teacher of what they most regardedL And while such a «ournal rmai s true to itself and its muost honourale oflie the ad -ocates of mere chantge fur change sakc, or rather for thr ow seke, -might as well suggest new parents and families to thm.sss of manhnDad as any substitute for tho publicfriendslfli> existin hetweer long-tried journalism anuits accustvmd aciatcns.-Wcetjty Li.ilsecl,
Aiuxoy THE Li niEu. DA-,-.--The foll5wug pirticulars relative totheofailure of Palmer and Greene's blankatliAchfield were publishied iniapaper ofthe locality en Saturday:--" About S o'clock on llonday afternoon a panic was created in this city (Lichfiold) by the appearance of a writtene c(ose door of the bankding establislnen log kownas Palmer and Greeneis bank, The wrtn a sfollows :-LIdchfield Bank.-It is with deep coner Iu ysedf compelled to close -the door of this, esa.blishmenit. The.circumstaneswhic:hoccasionthe neces-' MiY. are remote, and will be fully explained Vithoub delay.- thcs=~r Gax&x.' -From the exten4ive credit enjoyed by thsbikthe firni had ildnost a monopoly gf the business of this neighbourhooDc, -and t'he consequences of their stoppage are nidst'distre-isiiag. The Lichfield' Union, the Savings., bank, the Excise, the Dean and Chapter, the Corporation, the Street-rate, the Dispensary, the. lililtia, the .Conduit Latnds Trust, the Yeomanry, the Half-pay Officers the Turnpike Trusts, many charities (but not the municipal chlarities), and other publio accounts, are all locked up. Lichfield has never before received such a Shock, and many private persons who had fdnds, in tho banuk-wiUlbe seriously inconvenienced. On Tuesday.Mr. -Greene attenided. at the Banlaruptcy Court, Birmnihgham, and fied a petition inL bankruaptcy. Oi Wednesday.lie attended,accomnpanied by Ir. Knight, solicitor, and surendered. Noticeashave sincebeen Lissued, a'Ppointing the '31st of January and 2lst of Februaryr for hIs examninatimn On Thursday Mr. Xniobt appeared before Mr. Wilson, Registrar, to obtain pernission for the 'official assignee to carry on some coal mines belon~ to the bankrupt.. In support of the application Kiiiht pt inthbaffidavit of. Mr.' Thonias -Morris, of Pallnsalin te contyof -Middlesex, agent.for theTelsall and rowaill olliry,stating that he could fia a ready saleforalibe oalptouce; . that the colliery was in working rde; tht te stppae o'the colliery would occasionn 'los ed dms~, nd,theefoe,urging that it should con- tihuet6beorked. T e =Yitar pn this affidavit, and' one made b7 Mfr. Bittlet, theo~ffgicilssge ratd h power reqired, and the.work 'wlb~oonine. efoUow., 2nsrsfacts hve been coTmunmictd to us, connectecl with the. falluro of the lichfield Bank.- Upon M1r. Palmer's death, .whshtokpacenApil,185,Pr.o Greene discoveredthathe wais indebtedl to the bak rirt his decease, in the siimn of between 50,000!. and 60000!. Th'ebanktreating that amount not as a bad debt; which it had.then no right' to do,'tookit intoiaccount" and was solvent, havingr aisurIus of 30,000!.. M1r., Palmer had' been' formay - yearr the'eno partieir, hakving the chief mam'gement nhshnd,n'r Greene was, as a matter of couzse,'ignorn ftedtiso Mr. IPalmer's sate affiur& Frominh antd,bw ever,, of M~r. P 7mri debt, Mr. Greewsidc ttae mecasures t ascertain the exact -poiino the -hnk, anid uposi fuding the result as aboin,b osle his London. sgit a etiemn o t""ciexpe'rinen otayalrs as t4d Mbtr ea soud 'contin,.eue he, ban rsa a iiuiediate'0 at .pe ~Thzt~waii in the.year I850 or 1851. !rhe!result bftht a.pphicatton'was"that he " bdvisodhe dvoo&b', ctgunaly'by:Iiig. custome0rs if, LOSt~opped. Me 4c6rdlgly.cntin~d,,a&agsn ~other. consulationx. tooi pace ~n wih'jse ameres~lt :H wLas still id ise;to cntine, 'iu&hii~ So.i Bii6ethattirfie Mrl. Oreene cariedea4e bnkwfth)the,bpeand-Iullexpetatio4itAt. ~nt ~fhi'o *t~ahapp~r abation of the lite,Ur. hiIdnianls n-fiL- Finding,: hbwujver, 'trPoni'furt'her-n. 'Lnocorr edeats, ind~etethnined'thento'stop.~.There' wa so heleatpressur upon-blm' before the ntopf4e 'nor easowhatever 'for closinthean,xcj l facility of inakirig'u.1-the customnefe'acut. 'Te~ion of h sliabilitp 2209,000I.; thea. assets ~ fo 1E 60,000., aiailable froni un.'poerv -#hi6h'is gooa, mnoney, genieral socurities I~.t~Pli1 'and!Brov6,hiIl Collieyy is,,of-course,'nl~~Iua WM,'peta,llsh&d` sofarb ackvasI765,
- I - THE CORN-TBADA TVEMPOOL, J.T--. 5. We reiIMdW1o Wses Of2ritishwheat, asper "Gcasetfor"forthe wask Iending the 2ir nIt. ar K%,96 quarters at 7Ts. 2d, per quarter;: cor. re aodjn week- ULM,11, quarters, at 7Xe 3d per quarter; ditto I83576,7&85 qurgter%` at 73e. 0d. per quarter. Our suppliec of. foreigna wheat and flourarebeco--tiV less and the return oftanners saele end!deliveries are remrla*~,ly reduced. The traderhere- durifjtile week has altered very ?ttle. We, hsye hadIsuyers ofwheat. if holders would have submitted'to anrduction in price which they refusDdeoe and the tendenicyof -ceue has beenrntberhigherthan, loe,Our Preset stocks are very .uircumscribed. 1Wl'th a tool attendance at our oormntchs.rue 7egt.sday, We had moderately fair transactions for consomeption, Wheat was stiffer in price~ lust not quotably deare; 2Ls Cd. per i0ib. wa'S realisd for suipero Arcerican white wheat. Indian corn declined-ls., and Egypti.. beans Is. per quarter; linseed cake 59. per tor* butt mso otbO alteration of value was nmade. Busines in Briuatiwic-treet today is still inactive. and prices stand mnuchx the aai*a quote! eafterday. XOTTInGEEAZ JAN. 5.- The rear 1855beIng niow atanend, aeotarertrladeto 10octsireview, from the able band o-f Mr. Tillery, of Welbeck -Abbeyi wiltlbefound ofuilversal interest. "December (says he) was a very dry 2moth, and the frost ect;in' earlierand with greater severity than in anyYear during his reoDe-stion, Thle- fall of rain for the month was only s3 pests - r an inch, which fell prn ally on thle l4th, nxd-the-rest In snow' shoemtrs Thefsiol "of ainir 185wasas follows :-Jartary, 0 inch parts;- February, 2 inch t9IPparts; Efarth,!1 inch 14 prt;AuPr 0 inch O9parta; May,iinch 92parte; June, 2 inches 44 yartz; Jl,4 inch 41 Parts: August. 0 inc 53Parts; September,0 Cch 45parts; October 6 inches 08 pans- 2{ovuember, 1 Inch 04 lparts;. Docember, OI inch 53 Parts totl fal '21 inches 81 parts, or abeut three inches less than-the average.- last-yea the fal was seven incliza below the average; we are, therefonw iey ohv either awet winter ors mizmer mieo; thati%sho aelathielsuu tbaver age be balanced. The thermometer washighebt on the 28th, S2degreee and loweston the amoring of the22,l5 degroes The mean temaperaturro of the 19tls 20th, -1s and 22f was ony2 degrees, and the ice VWa drOmfour tonve inches tbick onv pMfonds A rapid thaw set in on the 23ll, owing to a change of wind to the south-west, and the weather has saines been very temperate and spring like. The m~esa temperature of the mnonth taken from 12A, observtions was six- degrees below the average. "The severity of the frost has touched the Young wheat a little, where too strong and forward in growth, bust on the whole mso -great dasnagehasbeen done as Yet. The sewing of the latewheat is agam resumned, as the seill-is in caPital order firom the frost, and no buIlk of rain fell during the thaw to sodden it. According to the ttatiBUS'Tirendered by the Highland Society of Scoln of Ibi yesz~s growth of wheat. the yield there was greater than lasofthyars, fromnthe increased breadth sown. There is no doubt that,-the returns from the farmers in Scotland are as accurte as cmn aosethjj be obtained, sndtbe sooner the same system is -pursued for the whole of the kingdom the better it wil he, both for producer and consumers The Irish ansd lcoteh returns make It probable that Mr. Oaird's estimath of the eerealyield of the United kingdom is prettyvneurlycorrect, andtbat all Gmurwants in the shape of importations from foreign countrieti will not be so serious as the croakers; -in lark-hans would try to lead us, to believe. One peculiarity of the late Season has boon, that .the wheat crop was often best on poo~r undrained Boils, arid all sttmuhunts apli'ed in the shape Of top dressing were so muchb money out of pocket. for wrherever the crop) was rank and strong; there it was the most lad and uqproductive. On the poor -forest and limestone soils in IforthN0ottinghaunhir the crops were mnuch beriefitte by the drenchiing showers in July. and wer not muchlald,-so-that the yield Was as good as Lin 1854 which was the best ever kniown. All the rain tha-t fell in July was wsanted, hut it fdllin such deluges on three differentoccasicusthat no heavycorn could withstandit. August and S,ePtember tuned out Very dry sand warm, so that the harvest was rieed end secured in excellent rendition. lPotatoes~are stil pleatlU,lysupplied in the markets, and are reasonable in pric eDcosidering the value of flour. NO COMPlaints, are nowbheard as to their keeping in he itawhre heyavebenprperystreandkeptfromtbefrost, By the Scondtc gion.Tis was reurnsebeo the poaoc opst conidralDy gratPer tereths year ~thanrInc1854,andtheesupl T iuplynofdobt bey wabunduant til the dmnew crop compesin Whenarneve theiwahr isouen u andcmildrportatoesdayprbesplantedawIthorethsaetyefrom Jataunuayil theedofwe Mar-lurtrch,eoly perin.h esaltledeetaitri The rsensr.thspracices w-illandlwaysihe oundthem bet re ventives againstthe, mildew." o erfsoe.ew j_o3& o,od In& hoSad cndition 75this wasrilefrable,frtheg musto 43part. ry tapes; fullynin, spoteD the. pericesone ofastswek The, 32ppl tof barley2 wste nequa to the demand .forigne t sapl s.maintaine thir value, but thP orer3 s~~ortsw sol.t pics7av;oursabler, tothebuye. Oat2staidnew biead weeMs. a-uate ceaer The prestercntpicues unseaimnandflour nN Thegs lare ras foll ows: Whpeart, witre, old, Sis n t2 pr3stonhe;otnwewt, whsio 88slore,old,g 2sbd. to 69;eew, 7k tso sd ar6leytordmatti)ng;Ssto 43s. per quar Ater fourgrinding, et tohispe 30n stone;e oats, ol,a toleabes,o pe f2 stone; andw aC.t l. f oreign,anc o Ilkm to mills. ueas, ol,hie. b to smpls pfWer at stone indew, nd4n3.atot47 ed;for,lsper,,Oesto ifeperior sotone-o uatherwedvathrcniues ubensteasonablymild.Therlaten fOastdpoesne appear tod have done. anijuyto theat young weto2s which is looking exceedigy, well. The0_ price W .o fa to ckh. b ans,5 h5s. pek duwelinmed shade. Beef 6, haseeondsol ateil to ids; mutton. Ot to 55 . perqater. At Mlour cornbmaryc thismrigtere was a tol ho oweratblechowa ofs wheatofend a faredo attedanc tofarmper qaartiler Then best wesamples Inbaltered ints aleInd beansv ltheewalo alteration, Olfhats 7and pea mai'ntaine late rtes.5IdbaI Whiehet. 41k to new re, 37k to 41&; l harley. 3 to 3Os,; oats, ftto 32 ; Idbeans, U. tk per qurer. lIne flour 50s. to6;scns t.t is hns is o3 er quarter. At Mlorrn-MowAce.yesera there wras a good chow of wheat, whcasd dis posedofy wta reducio ofr quartoper quarter upon last wreespices.oo in-h bautOL h uDl ftrley, oats, and beans veyltl loio llwheaoleraslet kt;nwewaTtoWsftos; .oldba red. 3ks to71s.;uiew, 7fs. to4ls.;ol tO3a -3 S.toOs.; new,oat7e. to32s. ;. nldew, 2ha.to 28&persto;new,s9 to 5k pern,5s qater59. ne,4 to4.pe soe;for 5sto7 suprdito G0 t 41. DerBY, Jto nes. 5 Ath Wrmidesof the weather hasd enald farmwersto rehsume atheir. ol.perat ons dofth breeldsuanbtelsoi isinexerllenatcnition.er In they fat: socktrade .ther&erhasnetre mchdin%g, toand ;pries have had 1s6deuward threndency l. At Ouir corna-market yesterday there was a goodl chow of wheat, anda numearosattendance offarmersa sad Merc, hantws.Induwhemath deas YatlnembOae amontdo busines dotaned latte rates. ofhlat wheek, Grindt7.;og arley0t wa 2s. ; ea,il o 8 per quarter.ceprta latwe, Go sAmples of whalt b arley manained last w edekspices of a.tW s.pe fualrI. erquarstwer heprer thanrlastswekandbeans terewalsota slgt lovreuto. Thea supplytof h.arley, eats,4sad be uawrstoerabe Wh 'pmgm,wite wheah8k at2s sold red 7k to 70k ;new, 7k4 to 7k; boarper.36 stonesL;odoats,.,Ll.tSo33s ; new,520 to 2kperSuastone old beaus,ke.to 5ksn nw,ea wasIs to 24k per quastoes; lower,. tom last suAdto Seford. -weto was per 2ston3. es, ure haer ihadW deatd WIrkotherde wsacedtin odgrnainterhen waschdolnadateIlk tolls, pWer lodowhreet bushels7. Thred e-.ther S quo atoswrley :-b.aroeyS 409.:,oats, 35s. tollas, S&t 5.per quarter;bas e. t k er k Wser huavter hadn lanothe weeks profepn weather,ot, andbfrerns thavbe repnoraterasetion Whthe appearanc of the young whed, wh. o ich; areilok emiS heal thy s.Th prc oflt fat stock& iesa4ou .tob s 0ame as last week to At ourtorn-mre,etra there was a smallschow of wheat,hc ola aeuind ofa o&Prureuothequpticas of last week, Barley adooi hw a niere.i value.tbaOatstsdweaus maitadined laterqate,rhter wheatov5eato 84.so,D~; red, 67k to 7Os; a.tin barley, 35k to 38s. ; gridin, 27e. to 9 bf,;eats, 43 to 329. ; beans, 41kwt 45Pe puerqure. At Lfouth. wheat wsoalulsae at a reduction of Is2t 2. per qabruo m qatruolatweek's prices. Barley, oats, and beans,were alsomchaer Tthe tuw lwr heat. 73 Bus75.; e, 6 to 7k; barley. 34s. to 42st pe qoarts,r7.t barl; ey.3 46; t'oats kt3;bas kt i. per quarter. At Spldaforz what w as tolbper quarter cfheape, wlith ddat dua rdemaind OIna oter duresriupton le iks of nhrie : was ad feriwardorts dhency.whsoit e what 7kawe- bk e,Te,wt.;baly 4. tols. cots, 8we3e bans, IL perqus.perquaoter. AtNeGaibrouwheamth withafatirdemafdhat ealred uctio oflaw ra2s. pruareriuonlascit onweok tpries.urs aloey, oatsrateywasdthere was notaligteYeudrato.W iteLwet 7hktwb8h edt,7k to 7k barley Ms per quarter. At Boson there wasa g6 ood show of wheat, which bsoat sampedston ofbis. toeSds.poer oaaeut rel.tUequarterup;teqoain !ls ek Bale declinwXed Is to23s. per quarter. Bens bandlens -were 2as. proquarter3 cheas.per urthan last week,Oat declined as poeraquarter.aWhite whgfeat,d ?hitowetk; aLt8s red,67tof to haly 3k& tobSe.; 3oat.stls.t9per burean,4r 4,;pes 1.t 7sprqatr AT uhe whrt ity sold tehat ba redwti of.M 2s. .proer l qrther eponot wheek' prices, Buarley,ots, andbepans,aethe tur chepaper.whithte 3k bantts, di th s. perein qater. Frm &a2. t- - M1,e2 At Spldsngethewere was qartoerabesuppetslydoiwhat,whchasold- at.a reuction of Is. phertta quarteruo last wek' quireies; fo inferior sorts threwliedinlsdemand.Baley ath6smallshow, ;lahdesse- u.qD OTse anrbacUnawerealso s.hpetquater lwer~.m6-nysz~pr Te Abt seinsboaroghtheabestqarlitiesOD oefowhet teirshat lastweek craes; ife85riordescriptiotens w rewtheturn OwEI. arloWthwastdul o sale i, rat lghleeduce d. perics Whiter w heat hhesto prile,; re,4, to 78s,pa r uarter11.- Ah oet Lyn there was a geptebe showk cV o towheat, th bet IMplteso wichi weredispode . of atma reuction ofecetoSmber quartr;nyL tinferis sorts declndI. to- of per quarter. inbarmouther was aureduc]tic ofl bs, perqarter,( atwhich decline a n a toealladryance wsomewbecte Th fertlity of th e wheat harvhes ofea 18-i pras,b then iexcs w ef durtion, laid the or in all directions, Rod verylargily deteriorate theyield This sent tre price up, with few fluetuxtatidnh, till it gradually re6amee3e (N6. 241.f jince which tiiieit hiiadid dblind, and 3 Clow the -,i wetaWII- 4f we.bousid,t autroly upon lire retur of quntities sold wa mh-t infer that the harvest of 3S wa lmahnWstave ollhtcse tha t o f lI Ibu t, a i4lri,s c risinWy wasn ot the cAse, wri, ziattibutte tteh Mw of selers ortloan incraev'Uiaanieu.the part oftheretmruing officer a. ~~~~~~~~~~~~6 atoumake s ntest haui-ftt,-randthupg taaranie, y et veft jn at albeon.te Oeq~ t oiunr4. the.osnctWu slr, yeAofth weoj,, no ihtl hdartliin thereal clIursstue &tI (LT3iatmDto Bailer, pridbeing at thabg&mmoeDftbe$a.fth yeagmnsr.tho aacig et the impost uon the aRe. The tot tjuant brought : fa quarters. WhnvTeragepreie WS" Lg Baty~ta~nc hie~e~jicesi~eetho at haiwest than it yerxhadr.ivan wthe pricerapidly since capteber last, hut the on- tatgiven thevueo th endedwsrsl8s3f.thougb eally gondsamPlesvere± bespurrhaWsatths beginoing of thuyeRa~ ot abot Ea, *e ,ow m - prolRaifi nlithamtheywaresin 1lllor 1V313 huit the Official retur give a total le of of 2,000uarters iniSt4and oWyZi5quartrsmjg 13.Beansbarepartioipate&ba the hIlh?value schich the price of AL"o been Iagreagsdr&maoa owing to the Shortnes of grass and foot! forhonseg Theavmmgprireinl23Iwa4tk.4d.par quarter; iuIls5 it was Se, d,pftqUWrter Theaverageprc fot n 25-a3.a Theavrag piceofrywwa MalS apintd2. rsIlLThe average beendecded4ydul l, n oeloue ortw irtnces ba-nfmernirprices been sustained.Th edgakeatame,led oi,ecastle, and Stocktn bare all cflezienrer a, &atins of frInn s. to fis. Per quarter. Some of the samA-r marbate bare artetr,1 a gr'erte depression the decline at (orthatksfon, for *aratene, 1tug&q to 64. mes is that of Knaresborouch, wherirate rates of last week wseifulig maintained, and in some Instances c'*tded. So lherIbp tey4 hrdas been generalY somewhbat inactive; tI¶#fatrert sspjqrics'ba70 beer, lihrs, Iutseler bae eirtaUyonsC6~li gxeat bateme'tere p ices baesufferod afmther thoughineon tbihhdegrks-. Atourmarkee this amning wre jbadafaile'atob*%f wseAt-fet ths sewn, andagood attendance ofbuyersm httsrTtb pr uDm LivepDool tesfiato couteratthe effeGctO,t6dtheelinn~at irat-efield,andbaler-wereenabled to command fullytId atates ofbat weeLa fcc thebeNtsrnplesoc whawt,and tr.feriorsamnplsiwErb oniya shade~, tIE at altlieres Bafte was in good supply, and.4iepir fdt pitied' samles deffredl, quarter. Old oats and bmft ~withoutmseet. Loga rerYbrkitficrsts maintained last reek's pricewt,ntiw nualtesg 2S~ er oaroC lsro iperal ushls;fine, 2#?~t6 Sla 6d. p 2OntIl.;neweau, is,to 96; fne,lO.I od beans -Ik!to lo. -' fln,.2h IslI ;pr~1s, oIl; nwoas, ts.to2Zs. pitliuuuter; fln~3O,. o 1a;st ats 3 toSIt fie,32.. to X*"-g teding. barly, he osrs smirrsuly. Is. o Ss. flne, 40s. toD qi 'Offcial averageevinoss thin &T weez:-Wheat, 2.s. Id. per quarte-r5 htttey. N&s fit-; oats3 2Os, S4.; rMe Sk4%Id. ; bearu, Zs.; peas, 52ts. 2&'- WRotaTE, JAXs, The wcaerco UntiawMil aralopen,with occaona ruin, -biVrs frost shinceCh-tIbnw'dsy Mie wheat brought to niark-et is -ht tLI good conTdllo,. and is wrath sbout Is. per quarter less monEytalizz bat' Week, illu9gh farraee are inwiwlling to sell aLt that ddrllhe_ Engis'h wbke' wheat 9a, 1. to 9s. 8d, rand red 9-s Gd. per brisfft-~ maltingbarler. 5%atso.5a3, ndist.,fiic;4s Sd. toSs. ; new c,s beans,% 6e. to 6, Id., and old Ta to I. Ccd. per bushel; olId EngDAMk oats), Is. 6a. tots kL ; mew, Es. to 4s. 6d.- and Irish, Is. tots. 3d. pe: I9Ib.; white pew 6.. 0.tot&; gra,S. 3di. to Cs.perbusheL. LssVt WorcesteT a'rexaps:-'beat £3 lGs. 54L per Quarter; barlegy 1 itsL . d. ;&anrte,rs, fl13.21s1 per quarter, G CE JAnev. S. 'Wehavrehadnsctealsfo granof any desm-iPtion aLt Glocetler this4 week, The onlyTmarwhidn4ft barearniredwas wrecked on thetToyage. The rnarletisrathxrdull priea Icing about is. to 2s. per quarter lower thanhAt week, ErsOih whiteTwheat,7lBs.to ts.perismrerisalquarter; andred, 2s. o7ts. Foreign as under-Dantdc and white Genesse, SSe. to 90k per 40011. ; Choice Danube, Sic to ESs. - 1'OinersaLan,WCs to &'-. ; Irsla, lbs. to 81s. ; Spanish, tis tolls. ; an I Anrcona, S&s toMe. Eoglislmaltirzbsrtey, 8so. to EQs. per quarter; and grinding, Me. to She ; Irishi, 36. ; and foreign MS. to 3k pee 400b.1 Irish white oats, 21k Gd. to,lls. 6d. per Illb. ; Irish tawney. 2fs. tolls.; sndblac-, 276.to2ls.Cd. NewEnglish beans,50ote Ms. per quater ; aLnd Oldl, 5k- to 51s. ; Egyptian, 4Cs. to 5os. ; and French, 52b. to St. Peas,5Gk to6u.focrbeakers,2and s.toSis.forgrinders The localmarkets have beenrAiberlower, thoughat Chelt_nhaM on Thursday, Wheat bada uPward tendency, and barley about the saM as lstweek, Deansridpeasfins,and veteheonotinquired for. At Stow-on-the-Wold the avenAge prices were-wheat, £3 17s. id; bJajey. Llt,4 ; oats, £XI 6a. ; andbeaus, £2 So. per quarter. NORWICH JAZZ. 5. The weather during theweek; les been waro and genial, AtFlines Loan, on Tuesday, a fair supply of wrheat met a dull eats. at a decline of 2s, per Quarter. The average for the weekwas lIe SdOn S0~ quarters At Ipawicr the zame day, thCe:uPplY was moDderate. ad trade'was languid atbareduction ofS s.Per quarter. The average for tho week was 77iL Sd. on 847 quarters Al Bury St. Edrnunds on Wednesday, a reduction of Is. to 2. per quarter tookplace; and at Woodbridge and Sudbury, en Thuralay, busin1ess was distinguishedhby the same features. Barley baa beentaken off generullyvat a redutiion of Is, and in some, i-stane 2s, per quater. At King's Lynn, on Tuesday, the averAge for the week wsas.& 9d. on 44603 quarters and atIpswrceh3ls. 6d. onz %43quarters. TispOe ofk oa-ts, beans, and peas hare beeni rightly tending downwards. Here, to-day, thes was a feirsupply of wheat, and the best-codi. tiOned samples mrade bast weekg rates, though inferior descriptions were a trifle lower.k,The beet white made VIs. Per quarter. The best s amples of barley commanded last weel's prices, but issfeior werabouti Is, Per quarter lower. little pasting in oats, beaus, and peas, Prices. -Wleat, white, (weighing 6211,. to GSll.l d4 to 87e.; dittD, red. 1welgbin BOb,to 631b.,8Bk to 56; harley,malting Iweighi,g 5211b.to 531),4, lO 43tole; ditto, dstllng (welgbingl-olb. tco-3ilb4,It. . to Ss; oats, 3k.to3s. ; peas (maple)4lOs. toSOs. per quarter; four, fGB. toD Se. per sack from the miller, Latest Averages.-iTheat, 2,&q.23 quret=s lBs. 3d;barley, 9,1235 Quarters, to,_ 9,1,; oats, 114 Quarters, Mi. ltd. COLCHESTnI JAs. 5, The damP and dull state of the weather has bad a considerable effect On the condition of the wheat breught to the markets of the district this week, This has inereased the indisposition of the milers to purchas, and has Iled to a farther general decline of all hut firstrate sampOles. Bthle mark-et to-day therm was a fair suPply; last week' rntesoouildnothbe mtainjsed even fbrthe finest, and other qualities gave way 2s, White wrheat was 71k to &Lbs ; red, 7k tol 7Os.; barley, which Was rather cheaper, 3ie, to 41.;- white peas, div. to 5e. Yesterday, at Chrelmsford, the trade from the cause noticed above wsvery inactive ; the millers mmcmd most of the samples unfitted for their inmmediato use, and though a reduction of Is. to Is. inthe quota_ tiOn' was sbubmtted tol. the trade was doll, Oats, beanas, andpea, wrere Is.; andbarley Is. to s, tower; white wheat, CIs, to Sik~ rod Mlsto 7k; barley, 29k to lBs.; Chevalier, 3k.; grinding,2ts, to 3sIc, ots, 2s. to BOo, ; wbite peas, 4lls, to Mk ; tick beans, 3Bs. tolls3. On ThIrsday, at Bishop Storiford though wheat was offered at 2s, below last Week, much at the close of the day re-m-aie on band, Barley, Is. to 2s. per quarterchjeaper The same day, at Sudisury, wheat was in fair supply, but cheaper, ln barley then wasa decline offoil 2s. per Quarter. lOEADIIIG, JAIN. 5, Since ouir last therebas been drirrling rai on must days, which has checked out-door labour, but it baa forwarded the thrashing of wheat andparttculanly beansanfPeUS. The aCCoUnts bauM all parts of the disriNct are reryftavrouable suitltregard to the young plant of wheat. PoDrsomeweeks past there baa been an effect-audit succee~ded to ab great extent-to reduce the price of wheat, andasfliour maintained a hig-hfigre,it rendered itimpossible forde.lers.to.obtain anything like af"r-remunertionfor thirtruuble; consequently, ibesuppliestoonr market have gradually decreased, and to-dlay ther was, in the ~x_change, but an extremely limited show. The downward tendency observable of late exited on Mouday inI Iark-lane, but this was largely aittibutable to the report of astngprobabilityofan earlyterinatim of the strggewitheasterndespotim. Much asthis maybe desiredoni'ly, howver, on terms as shal secure the rights of the Turkish doumi. nions. and at the same timebelhonouxablebDth toEuglian,1an,1rourethernewaereenity arrired gives us less hope of its reaU=lzton, smle_u 'udeod,at some remote period. To thiscirerurstance in owing the fim tone which theocorntrade assoedhere to-day, BusinessgopenLed by ihe mealmen making offers of term equivalent to thcsoCo las,twek but holders would not accept them.L As the stocks at the miils an, gretly reduced, the mnillers had no alternative but to purchase, and & brisk sale took- place at an adrance of Is. to 2s. per quarter for ding qualties; but the inferior parcels, which were rather numerous, were disPosed Of at thLe full currencies of this day se'nnight. Dry whiltes-heat sold at 78s.to Mbs; and vd wheat, fomyk&-tc7sM and. X&e per quarter. Br-ley, esspecially the malt'teg asniples, wras rbort in supply, but thenewas an exceedingly good demand, and an advance ofifullIs. Per Quarter was established. The grinding sorts were rather mDra plentiful, and, as the trade for these was sluggish, the turn was ijn favour of the buiyer to the extent of about is. per Quarter. Barley for mnaltingfetched from 33a. to 4v. ; distilling, M9s. andi lIn. landm grinding. 3Dk to 3d.. Oats arrived in large quantities, and the quality was rca-ions, No one cared to buy, aLnd the business ruled dull, at a decline of 6d. to apoerquarter. Theyrioeforgoodoldoatsmustbequoendat lie,ti IS, ; andthenewnrngedfrom20s. tolOs, * Thebusinaemwecofthbrashing tended to alrge supply of be&ans at which thceruero many execelent samples on offer. The desire for Epecolation, at least for the present, seems. to hare ceased, and thmes u'eAMarked quietnesain thetrade; indeed, so little was the desie tobup tha,tno sae coDuldbe effeced, unlesseby olderssubmitting to a reduction of Is to e,' and on these terms several sales were effected. Old beans (English) sold at SOc. to 57s. and fit,; some unusually line parcels fetchedCOs. ; nkew beaus we quote at 40s. to 47Th. and 45s There Wasag0odahoW of Egyptians,andthep)ricesWereati to Its. Plear were in hlberaleupply, an d, o wing to thke inacetivity o f trade_ ,a decline Of Is. to 2s took. place. The price of white bDoiigppeas lathe. to SI&e.; and the gray, lOs. to ITs, The flour-market continues to rule quIet, and the picoes recently quote are curcet-vt,_, households, 6dii; and seconds, 6k per sack of IdlIb ThlIe ItrSladterenru"eoffe return show that 1,2C3 quaters off wheat torTe sold satweekflorM6loIIL ; the avernge wasl 77s l. 7U beingsa reduction of LoS 51Per Quarter on'the previous week, Them were 943quarters ofbarleysold ferZL7S 1k6cd., at an average SITs, Si' per quarter, the exact mamout of the former return. DUBLINg, Jas. I There wasavesTY dull market at our Corn-Exchange to,daer the best Qualities oA everything maoving off at about she curxencies, of bat maret, but inferior desmriptions, especialy of oats suids blarly, Ruin heavily on band, though lower rate.c would have been solbmitted.to. Indiza coomwas exceedingly difficultof sale , even at a reetouptE Is. nor onarter.
THE 1Exw SECREZAiy 50o nxH. LW = Coa.XO -ms .-The appointment of Mr. Juoblm0wwter to'ba Scrtaiyto the Commissioners in ,#'- ic*i :bute toAth, press winch cannot fail to be zppiwlted . W-thetwhole fratera%y ct -w-u he is so esteemcd a,zemaln1 Amorng thet csddoes of the press he is dIngu'ei m ng a hLithfal matesance of liberal- iuci itibat e d tolerat for antagonists. Mrster s a forh swf a.cognixd plaCe in sta dlie bin vumes an 7iet RteMeM of 1hc mmonw Vk tells the stoxyaitbe great struggles.tthion;btukaYs' of its chiet actrs, in-a style lucid andawtained- relg tDohis coun. try the mnost importa-Lepoch bf ouhitory, snd aiding t-sefaE. of vhiom he ,W in iteogtbaiug alleance tn thC reetprinci$es o' f ie Co,nskittn.. The sanmepinci- es Tobeen his gnid*M A jorAist Mis conduct of tne Za*=ihcrLxs been cNsctdi by poiticd ardour, 1ut. al tygeaneroslty aniaLrerdty. Mr. eorster possesses e*c?7 .cslft aaificatiou, .& hb is newr off;ao Re-. as r-orig lly 'trinedfor-the-.t,and.itiswdllmow hthe wss so able a peril as not 'sn7.fqoxeny to act' for a distinguished speciapleader. As v.puIic witer, hlis studies,have teosuilly been vaned ira .continuous; and it has inevitablyfllen to hislotto cnider speciallyt hesubject of lunacy. Upon the whole.t thepe rs no- man whoseantecedentscoul&hnve better fi .d him .for the de]icate husinesereposed in theimlPostant commision to -which he is now at~acled. Ini lookin out for tbe3propernsanin the proper place, the-Lord C1r.nce1lor his selected a gentlemnan whose appointment s11 give pleasure to a very numerous circle oF society, nd. will, -we believe, be received a-s. aomupliment by ou -T.t nit wtlion disinction of p:rt.-Sec. .- -... - _- - - .-. - 2<. A . _
LONDON, MONDAY, JANUARY 7, 1856. A witty French lady once said of one of her friends " that he abused the privilege which " men have of being ugly." Possibly those of our readers who may go through the portentously long speech which Lord EwiN has delivered on receiving the freedom of the city of Glasgow may he of opinion that, he abuses the right of a Scotchman to be national, of a Canadian to be colonial, and of the recipient -of public honours to be egotisticaL Lord ErGo- is evidently a fluent and practised speaker. His periods are rounded off with a clean, though rather commonplace, dexterity. His topics are popular and popularly treated, and he has learnt by long practice to put forward the best side of everything, and to avoid whatever is invidious or awkward. Still the school in which Lord ELGW has studied eloquence does not appear to us to have been a very good one. His best sayings have, withal, a flavour of Yankecism, and the desire to please his audience at whatever price is a little too conspicuous. Mlost of the good things which he said about Canada have, we think, been said before, though we may well excuse the repetition of topics so gratifying to the pride, not only of the late Governor-General, but to that of every Englishman. Lord EaosN contrasts with very pardonable exultation the state in which he found and that in which he left Canada. He found the provinces torn by internal dissensions, which burst out in riot, burning, and slaughter very shortly after his arrival; he left them peaceful, prosperous, and united ; he found their credit low, their exchequer empty, public works neglected, public spirit depressed; he came after four governors, none of whom could be said to have completely succeeded in his task, and each of whom, by a curious fatality, found in his anxious post either the germs of mortal sickness or death; and he has come back hale and hearty, having supported the violent change of climate from the sweltering summer of Jamaica to the icy winter of Canada, and having assisted at the solution of the problem which had baffled and disheartened his predecessors. All this is well, but why should Lord Eorr pander so inordinately to the conceit of his audience as to assure them that his hopes of safety in a terrble storm at sea were principaly drawn from the consideration, not that the ship carried CQsAn and his fortunes, but that it was built in the Clyde? And why, after describing the horrors of a Canadian winter, apparently to enhance his own merits and services, did he assure his audience that Canada was blessed with a genial climtate? Surely, the pumpkin-pie that Lord ExLG served up was sufficiently sweet already, without throwing intolit so many coarse lumps of maple Sugar t One>'topic there7waa in the speech which was neither trite nor unimportant. Lerd EoriN anticipates that the next serious colonial question which will rise wiRl be from the claims of the colonies to be represented in the Imperial Parliament. -He delivers no opinion on the sibject, but-contents himself with the oracular prediction that, as we have 'got over other difficult qnestions, so we shall also get over this. The motto of ouar colonial instructors seems to be that of the learned commentator who was " infaeZi mtuus, in dJicili brevis ' we are overwhelmed with comments, arguments, and illbieation- as to that which is self-evident, and as to that which is dark and difficult are left to argue, comment, and illustrate for ourselves. We are | disposed to accept the liberlt afforded us by Lord Er.Gn-, and to offer an observation or two on the question he has passed over so lightly. The question of colonial representation in the British Parliament is one which has occupied some attention in North America, and been advocated in. some of the most extraordina specimens of Transatlantic eloquence that it has yet been our lot to see. TheI rators generaly place themselves on an imaginary pivot, tuzrn their eyes north, south, east, and west, and, contemplating the broad lakes and deep 'rivers of the new continent, draw comparisofis-extremely unfavourable -to. the geographical physiognomy of the old. Then they give us imp8: 'and exportz, jpopulation as it is now, as it was 20 years ago, as et will- be 20, B0, 1D00 years hence. They enlarge on the beauty of their woinen, the sturdy health' of their children, the fertility of their soil, and the bracing 'everity of their Climate, and then they triumph- antly ask, " Is this a country to be denied"the rihts of citizenship !-is-tbi a people to be ".treat as an infeior rce, and hIld in veaIage 'n.ud.O^aw.4a.abrss autndwebeg for it the attention of Lord EDGEn ai tf any one else who may be disposed to take the claptrap view of the question. We admit the eqjuality of our colonists, but we tam admit no more. Let them, by all means, enter our Parliament, and let it be on ternas ~of perfect equality. They claim the right to legislate for us, and, if so, we must also have the right to legislate for, them. They claim a voice in taxing us, in contracting loans which we are to pay, and in saddling us with obligations which we are to discharge. A11 this must, of course, be mutual. If they tax us we must tax therm If they borrow money on the security of our Wayg and Means, we mnust also have a right to pledge theirs. If they are to participate in Imperial powers they must also participate in Imperial burdens. The English empire may be looked at in two points of view-either as a Sovereign State surrounded? by a number of dependencies, or as a vast confederacy of equal States, each having a voice according to its population, its wealth, or its territory. In the first case the dependencies may reasonably expect the Sovereign State to bear exchisi*ely the burdens of the government which she retains in her own hands. In the second case it seems just that each confederate should contribute according to his ability, not only to the expenses of the Imperial Government, but to the interest of the debt incurred for its defence and consolidation. If the colonies are willing to be represented in the Imperial Parliament on these terms, we, on our part, see no objeetion ; but they must look the question fairly in the face, and make up their minds whether the honour they seek be worth the price they will assuredly have to pay for it. We invite the attention of MIr. GLADSTONE, or any other member of Parliament who may be minded to discourse on the subject, to this question, at least as well worth discussing as any of those with which he has dealt. We rejoice to see that sinceLordErwmaaonouGn's motion Lord ELGiN's convictions with respect to the necessity of the war and the propriety of supporting Lord PATISTON7 in carrying it on with vigour have gathered strength and consistency, and we draw from it no slight presage of I the stability of a Ministry which has been able at last to enlist on its side the sympathies of so farsighted and cautious a politician. Had this conviction dawned earlier, it is possible that it might have been more acceptable, and that Lord EIn, might have spoken with more authority on all questions concerning the Government to his fellowburgesses of Glasgow.
A few years since there was little hope for Italy in the minds of even far-sighted men. The Ministers of absolutism and the partisans of democracy had each their o-wn views, and each enunciated doctrines which the world felt to be empty of aU good for the unhappy land. " Italy "is merely a geographical idea" wrote the veteran statesman of Vienna, while, at the same time, misguided patriots were in arms for a republic, and orators harangued on the "solidarity of the peoples." In this country there were not wanting men who saw clearly the evil and the only remedy, but hardly anyonedaredato hope that circumstances would bring a physician and permit a cure. Italy was divided, and practical politicians felt that she could never be made one by the tumultuous uprising of her commonalty, but rather by the gradual formation of a national unity arouna some reai and living nucleus. Italy was enslaved by its Sovereigns, yet it was plain, to Englishmen, at least, that moAiarchy could not be safely overthrown ; that, on the contrary, the only hope was that some one sion- of all these Royal stocks should rise superior to 1ii Mae-, and realize the old ide-a of a patriot king. To make Italy united and independent must be the first aim of a friend of liberty; if, ,hen, it were necessary for a time to keep the country -nder the pressure of a strong despotism, such a condition must be accepted. Only three years since theee were the reflections of well-wishers to Italy all over Europe. Any change for the better seemed far away, and not to be iooked for by human exertion. All that remained was to wait until the stream of events should bear us on to a point whence some opening might be discerned. That hour has come sooner than men expected. The great contest which now shakes the world is breaking up the old system which for 40 years weighed down Europe. The internal changes which we feel approaching il our own country are only a faint semblance of what is passing in every country of the West,where mankind has. still to struggle against its rulers and the laws they have made. The present King of SARDNxA had been some years on the throne before he and his people were safe from foreign interference. Still more recent was the deliverance from the spiritual tyranny, which, perhaps, still more endangered the State. Even a few months since, when the first Piedmontese troops embarked at Genoa for the East, there were people who spoke with apprehension of a policy somewhat too bold, and regretted that a small Italian kingdom should venture to act when Austria judged it proper to be neutral. That Piedmont could only exist by the sufferance of more powerful neighboursthat its people had better not carry things too far, and would do well to keep on good terms with POPE and C(A-AR, were opinions current even among the best friends of constitutional freedom. Every day events are showing us that the bold resolve of VIcroR EMXA-UEL was based on wisdom. If he has alienated the potentates of Florence and Naples, they must hide their resentment in the presence of the powerful alliance which he has joined. He has this advantage of position-that he has actively supported the principles which Austria adopted but declined to enforce. FRTCIs JosErP, by the treaty of December, made the alliance European. It was no longer a dispute betw,een the two Western Powers and Russia, but a continental question, in which the greatest German and the greatest Italian Power solemnly pronounced adhesion to the Western policy. Austria then shrank from hostilities, and virtually proclaimed that she remained neutral because, in- her position, she found war inexpedient. VIroro E MHu then took his cou se* he did no more than-his neighbour in adopting the prmiciple of the- Western Powers, and therefore precluded the Court of Vienna from any just ground of complaint. He merely did for himself what Austria had-advised the German Bundto do, and what she admitted fully in principle. Hence he has taken the position of a leader. Austria finds, herself every day drawn more and more into the course in which a weaker Power has hd the spirit to precede her. Though jealous,:she must not only acquiesce but imitate. It follows that the moral influence of: Sardinia increases rapidly. The principles of government- which it has established, the model which it has held up to Italy, must be continually more and more regarded. We find, therefore, that even in the Austrian dominions it is thought necessary to ignore past events, and toD gant a pardon for the offences of 1848. Italins formerly subjects of Autria, but now naturalized Sardinians, are to be found in numbers within the Piedmontese territory. Several of these are men of high rank and large properties, who saificed everything for ItaLiai independence,i and l escaped wmost destitute when the cause of. CHALrs -Axnr was 6ost. neir possessionis. utithin the empire were of eaurse confiscated For Aix years they -hve lived in exile anl oompartive poverty. We uow lemn 'thm many of the refugea will have ;teir property I restored. The Marquis PAnuvrcr-Io, a friend and fellow-prisoner of STvLo PEMCO na 'whole generation back, is among those who will benefit by the new decree. While we do justice to the mlore humane spirit which has prompted this last act, it is impossible not to feel that to the high position of Piedmont, its adhesion to the new alliance, and the lustre which Sardinian valour has thrown on Italy, the determination of the Viennese Court must be chiefly due. The struggle of VICTOll EM3A ; against a too powerful Church was at one time still more hopeless than the contest with despotic power. If surrounding armies could march to crush the deliberations of an assenmbly, the influence of the priest could still more easily carry on the war against free thought and speech. No fortres or strategic sldll could keep out a Papal rescript or baffle the wiles of a Papal emissary. The KN-G had only the high spirit and national feeling of his subjects to depend upon. Yet these have prevailed. Not only is the priestly power curtafled within the Sardinian kingdom, but the seecls of resistance to spiritual tyranny are sown broadcast over Italy. The recent victory of the Papacy over Austrian civil rights seems likely to be barren of results. Everywhere men are determined to disown-the arrogated authority. In the German provinces the Concordat can hardly be discussed, so- strong is the feeling against its claims. From Italy we learn by our Turin correspondence more surprising news. The Lombard Bishops were, of course, the first to try their new powers, and it was equally natural that they should aim their first thunderbolts against thepress. The Italian journalists, however, have not 'been crushed. Spiritual terrors seem to have inspired them with little awe, and the prelates have had recourse to the civil arm. The Austian Government seems, however, unwilling to add to its difficulties at such a crisis. It declines to interfere, and connives at the disresrct with which the Milanese press presumes to treat an Archbishop. We have seen too much of the baselessness of brilliant visions and the fallacy of political hopes to declare that the end of Italy's sufferings is near, or to prophesy the union and regeneration of its people. But from the events of the past year we may fairly make the conclusion, that the nature of Austrian rule in Italy must be shortly modified, and where Austria leads Tuscany, Rome, and the Two Sicilies must follow. There is thus a well grounded hope that the worst evils that -have wasted that fair land will now be lessened. Austria has been a member of the Holy Alliance, which has now ceased to exit. She has been at feud with all free nations, and Italy has been her reproach and weakness. If sihe adopt fully the new principles which are to rule in Europe, she must give to her Italian provinces the institutions by which they can flourish, and be contented. It is natural to presume that such institutions must be similar to those which Piedmont has inaugurateL. Thus we find how, in a manner unforeseen to the wisest statesmen, a good principle fructifies and increases. The results of this war will not be confined to victories over the enemy. As our foe is the representative of despotic power, so his antagonists naturally fall into the path of liberal progress. What may be .called the " subjective" results of the contest will not be the least. We find, as regards our own country, that this war exercises a powerful equalizing influence, and, if continued, will no doubt* lead to great social changes. That influence is exerted more deeply on communities which have greater wrongs to complain of than ourselves, and we may therefore look for changes still more complete.
The elevation of Mr. BFuAumwxaL to the Bench wiU be received with general satisfaction by the Bar. As a sound lawyer, as an acute pleader, as a man of clear head and great learning, he has long been known to the profession. Hlis reputation, indeed, in Westminster-hall is far beyond that which he has ever achieved out of doors. The public look rather to the more briliant characteristics of the advocate-to the power of appealing to passion and sentiment-than to those more solid qualities of mind which are necessary for the due discharge of the judicial office. This, however, is a great error, and long experience has shown that the most brilliant orator may be a mere encumbrance on the Bench. In point of fact, it is scarcely a paradox to say, that in so far as a man is the more eloquent and fervent advocate he is the less likely to prove himself the consumnmate judge. It is one thing to be able, at a moment's warming, to take a decided view of a series of facts, to be endowed with the perilous faculty of colouring up half-truths to the tone of truth itself, and quite another to possess the power of weighing probabilities with accuracy, of disentangling truth from error, of appreciating the value of conflicting statements. Some of our very best judges have been taken from among men who never attained to anything approaching to eminence as advocates. The high qualities of their minds are known to the discerning few, not to the vulgar. Their opinion is sought in chambers; their aid is- invaluable in settliig the course which should be pursued on particular occasions; but they would probably be found unequal to the recognized forensic gladiators in a mere affray. Mr. BRArwmL has long been known as. a man of this order, so that there would seem to be a peculiar propriety in selecting him as the successor of Baron PAsnxs-a judge who was distinguished for precisely similar qualities of mind. In losingthe services of MIr. Baron PAcxE on the Bench the public will have to regret the loss of a most consummate lawyer' and pleader. The Court of Exchequer has lost its eye-tooth in losing him, but it would be difricult to select any one from among the actual practitioners in the courts at Westminster upon whom- his mantle could with more propriety have descended than the gentleman who has actually been chosen as his successor. MIr. Baron BRw= will, we trust, in his method' of dealing with the Crown cases, give as muach satisfaction to the public as he certainly will do in all civil proceedings. The calendars at the various ' acsize towns evince such a lamentable condition of public morality that a finm and clear-headed man, resolved at all costs to do his duty as a criminal judge, would, at the present moment, be an invaluable public servant. Murder is rife in the land in its most violent and its most insidious forms, and the astounding discloures of fraudulent dealings among --our mercantile - classes-the thousand ingenious shapes which crime has assuned in the hands of the regular criminual practitionersare all tokens which point- to the necessity of stern repression. Abrogate your laws, if you will, but, while they exist, let them be firmly administered as a terror to all evildoers. Let no maudlin sentimentality or pseudo-philanthropy interpoBe betweea the criminal and that punish-ment which the law has assigned to his offence. "Judaz damnatur cutnnocenls sotliur,"is amotto which must' be tolerably familiar to English readers. It is their own fault if it has not been forced upon their notice at least four times a-year since the beginning of the century. We recommend -it earnestly to the attention of the newmide judge, doubting not that, while he tempers jutice with mercy, he will, temper mercy -ith 'diacretion. In' iis 'respect :only Mr. imu Bwmzwt. Im hbi reputtiou to rakle- ba all others his claims to ipub5i respect will be miversa3ly admitted, and the more so by those who are most in a position to appreciate the real value of the man. We have great pleasure in. notifying his elevation to the high post which he has fairly won -by his perseverance, ability, and integrity, and trust that he may emxulate his predecessor in the length of his tenure of office as in all other respects.
E MIJTRRNBAN. r SOUTHAMPTON, JAr. 6. By the Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Indus, Captain Brooks, with the India, China, and efediterranean mails, in charge of I5eutenant - Payne, R.N., Admiralty agent, we have dates from Alexandria, Dec. 23; M1alta, 27; Gibraltar, 3L. The Indus brings 38 passengers, and on freight two packages of specie, value not stated; and a cargo, consisting of 61 boies of oranges, 1 case of machinery, 1 quarter-cask of Wne, 1 package of samples, I package of effects, 72 bales of silk, 19 bales of wool, 51 bales ot flax, 81 Uigs of cotton seed, 365 packages of gum, 92 bags of coffee; 61 barrels of mother of pearl, 20 packages of elephanmt teeth,: 3 paintngs, and 202 packages of general merchandise. At Alexandria were the screwships Lady Jocelyn, Cosmopolitan, and Aastrian corvette Veuus, a 3Mexican storeship, and a large fleet of merchantmen. . - * At Malta, the Queen of Clippers, Wide Awake, Prince Alfred, Arabia, Lancashire Witch, Chalmers, Magnet Diva, Algiers; screwships Hillingworth, Oneida,andMar: ley Hill; and Her Majestlys ships Hibernia,- Leopard, Agamemnon, Diamond, Urgent, Snake, and Himalaya. From Gibraltar we have dates to the31stult. inclusive. The steam transport Caroline left for- Balaklava on the 25th, and not for England, as previously stated. The Progress steam transport sailed from Gibraltar in ballast for Deptford on the 26th nlt. The steam transport Indian having finished discharging the shot and shell which she brought from Malta, left for Spithead on the 27th. The Golden Fleece steam transport sailed from Gibraltar on the afternoon of the 29th for Gallipoli, wvith 260 mules for the use of the Land Transport Corps, an overseer with one farrier, 12 foremen, and *dnvers, under the command of Mr. Wilson, of the 24 York Militia,. The steam transport Norman left Gibraltar for Spithead on the morning of the 29th. Durng the voyage from Malta the Norman spoke the British brig Blonde, of Belfast, from Alexandria, bound to Falmouth for orders, out 26 days. Her Majesty's ship London, from the Black Sea, left Gibraltar or the 29th for England, in tow of the Prometheus steam sloop. The sailing transport Dunbar was at Gibraltar with a cargo of powder, shot, and shell from Malta, which she would land preparatory to proceedingto Spithead. The Clyde steamtransportarrived atGibraltarfroml\alta on the 30th ult., on her way to Spithead, with the following passengers.:-Rev. J. Thompson EChapa RN.), DeputyAssistait':Commissary Greensil, Dr. umphreys, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr. and Mrs. Bennett, Mr. Melville and Mr. Hannan (assistant storekeepers), and 10 others. The Cambria steam transport, which left Constantinople on the 21st inst. and Malta the 26th, put into Gibraltar to coal on the 30th. She has 14 horses on board for England, in charge of seven grooms, the property of British officers who have served in the trimea. The Cambria also conveys the following passengers.-Lord and Lady- Napier, four children, governess, and rurse-; Mr Morris and servant, Mrs. Grainger, Captain Brett and servant, 15th Hussars; Lieutenant anda djutant Norton and servant, 3d Light Dragoons. Her Majests steam sloop Vesuvius, Commander Hore, put into Gibraltar the same day to coal on her way to England from Kertch, where she has been actively employed with other steamners and gunboats under the command of Captain Osborn, during the summer and autumn, in destroyingRussian interests m the narrow inlets of the Sea of Aoff. The sailin- transport Edendale was at Gibralt, discharging gunpowder from Malta. The steam transport Queen of the South, with a number of officersand detachents of different infantry regiments from Portsmouth, for MWalta, passed Gibraltar on the muorning_of the 31st. ~ ~ ~ ~ h mrnngo The Swedish brig Solide putinto Gibraltaron the 28th ult, to land the mate and four seamen belonging to the British schooner Jane, Joseph IRobinson master, 20 days out from Xaryport, bound to Marseilles, with a caro of coals, which was run into by the Solide off Fuengirola, near Malaga, the previous night, about a quarter-past 7 o'clock. In the collision the five men got on board the Swede; and, as Captain Robinson and one of the crew are missing, it is fearea tey must have gone down with the schooner. When the accident happened the vessels were not more than six miles from the land. The latest qutotations in Exchange at Gibraltar are, for bills on london, at 90 days' date, 511; Paris, 5f. 40c. ; MarseiUes, 5f. 42c. Spanish pillared dollars, 7 per cent. premium.
COLI;1SION ON LoINoN AiND ofRTH-WmSTiEM RAIWAY.-On Friday night last a collision took place on this line at Watford, occasioned by the up Scotch express train running against the engine of a goods train. Fortu,nately, no persons vere injured, although many of the passengers were a good deal shaken and much alarmed. From inqurie made it appears that an uap goods train arrived at W atfor a few minutes before the express, and, according to the ordinary practice, the ngine-diver passed over the pomts into a siding in order to allow the express togo by. This siding, which is a short distance from the Watford station, is about 300 yards long, and consists of a curved line communicating wi%h the main road at the London end of the curve, so as to avoid the necessity of shunting back the carriages after the passenger train had passed. The engine-driver of the goods train seems to have miscalculated his speed on the present occasion, for, instead of stopping in the middle of the siding, he proceeded to the end, and the engine and part of the tender came out on the main line, or at all events so near as to prevent anything running upon it. Knowing the express train, which does not sto at Watford, was close behind him, he immediately reversed his engine, and shouted to a policeman to rin back with a light, and put up the danger signals. The policeman did so, and the signals were seen by the engine-driver of the express train, who immediately shut off the steam and reversed his engine, but not intimetojpreventthetwo engines cominginto contact, whichthey did with such force that they were both knockedoffthe rails andlockedtogether acrossthe line. The guard of the express train, who was in the van behind the tender, was throvvn down and a good deal shaken, but the couplings having broken at the moment of the collision the shock did not extend beyond a few of the carriagea Owing to the darkness of the night, and the nncertainty as to what had happened, mucah confusion and alarm were at first occasioned, and niany of the passengers got out upon the line and went back to Watford station. The inost energetic measures were at once taken by the companfs officers, who despatched a telegraphic message to Iondon, informing the anthorities at Euston-square of the nature of the aceident, and alsd sent a message down the line to stop all the up-traffic Mr. MConnell, the chief locomotive superintendent; and Mr. Stubbs, the station-master at Watford, wvere soon on thespot, and under their superintendence the line was cleared, and the ordinary trafic resumed after a delay of about four hours. The greater number of the passengers were brought tp by the train which leaves London for ratford at 9.15, but which had to wait a considerable time before it conld get to the station. It has been found by asubsequent examination of the engines that the goods locomotive ws not on the main line at all at the time of the accident, but just atthejunction point; it was, consequently, stuck on the side andtunmedround, whichoccasioned ittobe locked with that of the erxress. It was owing to this circumstance that neither of the trains was thrown off the line, as must have been the case had the express engine struck theother one fulL As it was, even the tender of the express was.not knocked off the line. Both the engines were damaged, and have been laid up for repairs, but beyond this and the delay'natural to such an accident no inconvenie,ce resulted. The managers of the company instituted an inquiry on Saturday last into the circmnstances of the case, from which it appeared clearly that the accident happened in consequence of the miscalculation of the driver of the goods train. CIVr SERVicE PErmoxf TO PAML rMjT.-ThIis petition from the civil servants who entered since 1829about 11,000 in number-praying to be putupon an equality with their fellow-servants who enteredhefore that year, as regards the scale of pension.and the abolitior of the oppressive tax of 5 per cent. upon their salaries, tvo-thirds of which do not exceed 86.; has been signed by 9,105 Government esnploy6s. The sheets of signatures, if joined in one continuous list (as the rules of Parliment will require at presentation), would measure 34O feet. As itis fully expected that the ultimate number of signatures will not fall short of 10,000, the petition may bce considered as embodying the almost unarunous opinion of those interested.. There has evidently been awakened a most intense feeling of interest and expectation in the public departments throuhout the tbree hdngdo7-s, and, what is more significant, a disposition bas been evinced in the higher quaters of the cvil service to share in a demonstration the results of which cannot be le&s important to the personal anil domnestic interests of the head of a department than it is to those of the most humble subordinate under him. How SOLm S WIVES' ArE TitArEn.-We have received two letters from the wives of soldiers, which add to thenmany proofs already given of neglect in official departments. The vwiter of one of these letters states that three weeks ago she received a letter from her husband, who belongs to the Turkish Contingent, stating that he had sent her 9', which would be paid to her on application at a house inrall-mall on mentioning her name and address. She has been there three times and bas received aletter since, but the onlyanswer she canget is, that there mustbe remittances coming, as there are so many inquiries, and-as sooni is they get the zioney it will be paid. It appears (adds our correspondent)that a list of names must be obtained fromthe Paymister, andthen a letter is sent to the addiess of the person to w;hom itis to be paid.- This is a new arrangement, but beforeit was made money was always -received without difficulty. - Our correspondent concludes by saying that she has written to the Secretary at War, but al is of no -use -and she can get no satisfaction. The other letter eomplains in still more striking terms of odicial neglect in the ayment of money. Ourcorrespondent says that she is thewivfe of as8oldie wfio isfiLrhtiug for his Queenuand countiy, and that sihe has three children. Her husband sent her2t. on the. 5th of Xovember, but she has not yet received the money. - She also says-that she his -received- aeveral letters with three stamps dfILxed, for one of :vhichathe had topay Is. 9d., becauseher-husband's name and numbet werenot on it. Sheisno*inthereceipt of onls 4s. a-wee for the support of herself and three children, has been compnle&e to make away-with all herwern apparel inbossequence of not receiving the money et to bier by ierlsuabaid. Thi5 correspondent has aso nijtecn to the authorities, but no notice bas been taken of t-he appli.
COUBT CIRCULAR. Adndn.lSir dmud Lyne INivd OI, JAN~. 5. AdmiralSirED ad Lyons arrivedyesterdayafternooll on 4. visit to Her M1ajesty. The dinner partyin the eveningincluded her Royal 7lgh- ness the Duchess of Kent, Viscount and Ti-countess Pal. merston, Viscount and Viscoutees Hardinge. Lay Fanny Howard, Baroness de Spaetlb and Admirl Sir Edmnua Tha Queen's5o privatre bnbd atern-ards per~ min the The Qteen and Prince, with Princess Alice. attended bw the 31arcouioess of Ely, Lord Charles Extroy. and ColonaL Seymour, went to Ioondon this momnig and honoured the Photographbic Exhibition with a visit. -Her ajesty altex. wards visited the Duchess of Glocester, at Gl;cester-hone% andreturnedto Widsor at 20 minutespast 1 o'clock. The Prince of 'Wales and Prince Alfred wtnt to London and attended Mr. Faraday's lecture at the Rloyal lnstitn. then ~Princess of Salerno, the Priince and Princesss de Join. Tile and the Duchess d'Aumale Visited the Queen. Viscount and Viscountess Pahnerston, Viscount and V;scountess Hardinge, and Admiral Sir3EdmndLyonsl the Castle. The 'dinner party in theevening included her RoyalPnnc ness the Duchess of Rent, her Royal Highne: the Prnmncc Royal, Lady Fanny Howard, Barones.3 deSpae-ih, Sir George Coiu, and M1r. Gibbs. Te hand of the 2d Life Guards played during dinner, Helr aajesty's private band afterwards perfornic- JAN. 6. The Queen and Prince, the Prince of Wale-. the Prinoea Royal, Prince Alfred, and the Duchess of K3-t, the lad'e and gentlemen of the Court7 and the domes:ia housebold attended Divine service this morning in the rlivate chapel of the Castle.mrigiith iaecbp The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Wids.,r performne the service. A meeting of the SMlitnry Comnnittee o- the Cabinet Ministers was held on Saturday at the office of the Secretar of State for War. Present:-Viscount Pi;oerston, the Earl of C1arendon, Lorvd Panmiure, Earl (-ranville, Sir Charles Wood, and Sir George Grey. His ]:.val Bgigehu the Duke of Cambridge, Viscount Harding,. Adnmial Sir Edmund Lyons, and General Sir r. Airy aLn-; attended. The Marquis d'Azeglio, the Sardinian Minister, had an interview with Viscouint Palmerston on Sarurday at bi3 official residence in Downing-street. llr. Pressly hacd an interview with the Ch0i6-ellor of the ExchequLer on Friday at his official residence in Downing. street. Viscount and VLisCountess Palmerston arrived in Loundon from Windsor Castle on Saturday morning. and in the afternoon left town for Broadiands, Hants. Despatches from the Governors of the `Wut India colonies were received on Saturday at the Col7nial-office. Despatches for the Goverior of Gibraltar were sent on Satuarday from the Colonial-office.
DULWICH COLLEG:E. TO TE EDITOR OF THlE TI31ES. Sir,-Having read your admirable article un Dulwich College and its abuses, I beg to be allowed. through the medium of your influential columni, to smggest to the Charity Commissioners for the Axlninistratioi: of Dulwich College a little charitable consideration in thaeir new and enlarged scheme for the members of the profeK-ion to which the founder, Alleyn, belonged, .and who devot.-d to its endowment the entire fortune realized by that profession, now valued at 8,000& a-year, with every possibility of doubling that amount in time. No other profession, either lay or clerical, can, I believe, boast a similar instance of charitable devotion in one persol: as this "God's gift' of an actor; but by soi-e oversightforl cannot imagine such an acl;nowledged go.,)& man would have designedly forgotten the indigent oldang and chlldran of his less fortunate brethren of the mimic art-the charity has only been available to the inhabitants- of four parisheu, removed from his sympathies and associati i.s. Perhaps the player's calling was in a healthier condi: i-n then, if we may judge by the fortunes acquired in followhi g it. No class of society can be Lnore liberal to.v.ards the diso tremses of others than actors have proved to be, and no class would more sensibly fel the benefit of tk extension of this charity, which is now possible, to their wits. * Itrust, therefore, thatishall notbedeemed wIopresuming if I entreat that out of an actor's clharity ont-fourth of it new additions be devoted to the ne6dy ana helpless members of that profession by which the institntion a.r;innted, and their children, both with regar(d to in and ou: dioor pensions and education in the upper and lower schools. Thbe many insanes of the highest talent h-. ing redneed to the lowest means, wvhen the large and wat?di tiAnds of the Ator's Coegemight, if properly applied, havsn- been so well bestowed in relieving abject misery and brightening the future of many a neglected orphan, are tn. painful to enumerate. Hoping for your goodc ill and word towards "the poor player" and his little ones, I am, Sir, yoars respectfully. B. WEBSTER. I Theatre Royal Adelphi, Jan u4
MAIag STER AaD SALForD S nAVrS:S BANK.- The annual mscering of the patrons of this in-titution as held on Friday at the bank- the Lord B:.hop of Man. chester residing. Among those present wec! Mr. Brother. ton, 1.7; 3Wr. W. Rayner Wood, Mr. R. . ?'hillips, Mx. J. Watts (Mayor of Manchester), Sir Elkanah 'uamitage, r. R. L Gladstone, ec. The annul report staie that during the year ending the '20th of November, lF. there were G),1 ~new accounts, opened, 2,907 old accoui;ts reoped and 8,709 closed The number of accounts remaining open attlie end ofthe savings banklyear was 36,0'A bei an in. crease of 729. The amount deposited during the year was 2&7,5M2L 16s. 6d., in 61,921 sums; the amount withdrawn, 202,5751. s. Sd., in 30,179 sunm; and the .tAal amount owing to the depositors, including interest, or. the 20%h of November, 1855, w as S94,6911. 12s. d., beingan *increase, ae compared wvith the previois year. of 20,401?. 7s. ld. The amountinvestedwiththe Commnissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, at the same date, including 5,2861. Ss. Id. on the separate surplus fundaccount, was 91,7541.312s., ana the balance in the hands of The treasurer, 2,3711. Os. 7d., showing the assets in cash to be 904,12al. 12R. 7d. In tbe Goverrnent annuity department seven annuities have been sold during the year, and 1,2091. 12s. received for purchase money. Thereportremarksthatfewsavi sbangs1id show any great inarease this year except from addition of interest, the hgh price of all the necessaries of life having prevented much accumtulation in the savings of the worling classes; but the connmittee confidently believe that at no period of its existence has the bank been more satisfactorfly realizing the objects forwhich it was founded-inmecurin; to the vworlang classes the beneficial results of prudence anig economy. The report wzas adopted. The comnittee and officers for the ensuing year vwere 'hen appointed, and, in the course of the proceedings, Mr. W. -avnmar Vood observed that, in consequence of some ban3-s baving, from an. fortunate circumstances, gone wrong, measures were intro. duced in PaTliament two or three years ago which, ke be. lieved, went much further thaan was necessary to provide against danger, and which would have seriousiv interfered with the useflness and success of this bank. bne leading feature of the management of this lank ever since its estabi lishment had been that every book Iva laid open to the inspection of a public accountant, who was changed every two years, and who was re,oonsible to the commnttee an; to the public forthe regularity and accuracy of the whole of thetrmnsactions. The managers of thisinstitution weremot adverse to some change in the lkw re-arding savigs banks. They thought it would be beneficial to extend the system of inspectionto other banks whichhadgiven to this bank fect security, and earned for it the confidence of the pbuio but he trusted that no changes would be introdu cfhifc won3d supersede local erections and local fear, hear.) The Bishop of ianchester and m renerb ton, CLan., both expressed T o pleaure they woald have n receii ngothe instructiOns of the consmitee of this instatu. tion if tneir services should at any time ha luabla in P of an entirely new babnch of industry have been opned nb liz. Chance aboat five miles from Birmingham-th an fasture of architectualodecrationsandadjuncts inbasalr Thebratone iof the neighbournood is melted and cat in hot moulds, and cornices, doorheads and other architecuro enrwichments are produced, of very lastingqual.itv. When casb in cold mioulds, a glassy laLva, known as obsidin isprodac-' -an interesting factiniageologicalpointof vew.Z-BgnilbIn s,ap33rt of the probability o~f an extension of this ne; brauchs of industrytfe miay mention that ope.-ations are now goingon at Ordnance Wharf, Rotherhithc (the weor3is of the Colonial Gold Company), where fuces-h&ve been erected for the reduction of gold qaIrtz by direct fusion, under the patent of Mr. Charles LoT , late of Swansea. The quartz thus treated is first crushed na.erately aall, then calcined or roasted, and afterwards fused with a- mixture of fuornsyr,. lime, and oxide of iron, -which liquefying agents eombine-4sith the silica and render the 3-atrix perfectly -fluid.- oe - objectisto liberate the geld found bt 'ansals t.oexiMsV the quarts, the parEicles depositing in aIbe, or bsth ef molten lead at the bottoiu of the ournace; bat the f mass xun off as refuse is capablc of being cast into r mouldsakd Vill form ornauiealbiis, or blocLis of sone, of lasting quality ald gel t beau, ich practical use oF the refuse willatrallsentecs f hmaiua The metallic aloy o a to be sub*eWted to direct eupellationfor the gold predae, thb binttt basceant imt, s wathed withconi
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, Moada10 lM'goj%i?. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The folowing is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. .- No accolnts have as yet been received in Paris as to the impression produced on the Russian GovernInent by:the communication of the Austrian propositions of which Count Esterhazy was the bearer, and I do not believe that we can have any before Wednesday next. IL de Neasehode will not, I dare say, give his answer immediately, and some, though no very great time, will be allowed for deliberation. The best inforrned persons here hardly permit themselves to think that Russia will accept our conditions of: peace. It is barely possible, though not probable; and those who at one time hoped even against hope itself would be surprised indeed if Russia yielded. We only know as yet that Count Esterhazy has had an interview with M. de Nesselrede. The principal topic discussed was the conduct-of Austria; and the Russian Mimister expressed himself in plaintive terms on it. He was replied to by Count Esterhazy, and it is buti just to say that his language in defence of his master was precise iand decided. But of the important point of the acceptance or refusal of Russia, we are, as I have said, as yet ignorant. MIy letter of Friday contained what I stiU believe to be the correct statement of those mysterious propositions, on the result of which peace, or a war whose end no one can predict, depends. Perhaps the condLition which wdi prove most distasteful to Russia is the one which has reference to the rectfication of the Turlish territory. Redificat ion is, I apprehend, the term employed in the draft of the propositions; but, however softened down the language may be, it is, to all intents and purposes, a curtailment of Russian territory. The portion of Bessarabia thus sought to be detached hardly comprises one-half of the space lying between the Pruth and the Duiester, since the line of mountain which will form the new boundary runs from Chotym to the lake Sasik. Various and, perhaps, satisfactory reasons are assigned for the curtailment itself, and for the choice of the spot where that unpleasant: operation is to be made. The Danubian Princip:lities have in reality no frontier, for the Pruth can hardly be called so. A stream is not the best demarcation between two States, particularly where one is weak and the other powerful and aggressive; but such a stream as the Pruth is but a poor barrier indeed. In order effectually to secure the independence (so far as independence is consistent with the suzerainetd of the Sublime Porte) of the' Principalities, and to realize the improvements proposed to be made in them, a real and not a nominal frontier should be found, and that frontier is found in the hilly chain I have described. When it was first stated that a portion of the Bessarabian territory should be given upby Russia the allies were accused of the violation of their engagement that they sought no materialadvantages for themselves by the war. The charge is unfounded. The value of the portion proposed to be detached, so far as mere territory is concerned, is little, indeed ; a great portion consists, I believe, of pools and marshes overgrown with rushes, and is comparatively worthless. We require its restoration to the State from which it has been wrested because it is the only guarantee against future violence for territory more exposed; because its addition to the Mloldo-WaLachian territory can only realize one important condition of peace, namely, the complete freedom of the mouths of the Danube, as the Russian boundary on that side will then be to the north of the Danubian delta; and because, as we cannot require Russia to avow in the preamble to a treaty of peace that she fi conquered, we must have the admission of her Inferiority in another way, and with the loss of ever so small a portion of her territory. that object is gained. Retributive justice must be exercised. The crossing of the Pruth by Russia w-s the first act of hostility against Turkey which immediately led to tVe war with the allies, and Russia has to be punished on the spot where her sin was committed. She has used the Prtth for invasion, and the temptation can no longer be left in her way. The advantage of the complete freedom of the Danube to the whole of Germany it is needless to allude to. We counterbalance the rectification of the Ottoman territory, as it affects Bessarabia, by the evacuation of the Crimea, ior if Russia accept our ultimate proposals, I suppose our positions at Kamiesch, Balaldava, and other parts on the Russian territory will be given up. Yet the loss of Mars, for which the head of some one may yet be demanded, may make the Czar still more difficult of yielding. In the meantime Russia does not relax for a day in her efforts to effect a division between the German states, to excite their jealousy ofeach other, and to gain their synpathy as oppressed by pow erful and exacting enemies. These effortshave notbeen without effect, and Prussia is still hesitating andcnervous. Had she spoken as became a power of her rank, peace might have been made long since. She is now in a pitiable condition; she dare not take open part with Rusia, and she is in dismay at the consequences of a war, which if it open next springmay soon beeome general. Nevertheless, Prussia will be alowed to remain in her disgraceful neutralitybut shat neutrality must be real, and not nominal, and she wil have to answer dearly for any aid she maygive to the enemy. While M de Werther is reconmending conciliatory measures at St. Petersburg Prussia is doing the work of Russia at home, by detaching the smaller States from the policy of Austia. Tle following letter, datedVienna, 2d January, *spetrs in the Constiitdioanld- "T She real solution of the third guarantee mnst contain two things-a correct appreciation of the 'facts accomplisld'by thewar, and a just appreciation of theprinciplesof intemational maritime law. Owing to their not having well undczstood in their fUllextent the successes obtained in the Bladc Sea by the allied fleets, and still less having fully conmdered the legal consequences sanctionel by the law of nations, the friends of Russia endeavour to maintain that ene and the other alternative proposed by the Western powrs for the realization of the third point is equaUly unacceltable by the Court of St. Petersburg, insomuch as it is an attwk upon the sovereign rights of the Czar. " Th:s argumentation to be conclusive only needs to be supported by proofs drawn from the true notions of maritime law. This is what the Russian advocates have neglected to do, either from calculation or from ignorance. "I, however, accept the discussion on the very ground upon which it has been placed by the adversaries of the Western Powers. I hope to demonstrate that it would be impossible for the Western Powers to infringe upon the sovereign rights of the Czar, even if they were desirous of doing so, from the special reason that the most subtile sophist cduld nlot henceforth discover any other sovereign rights belongingtoRnssia, asfar as the Black Se, is concexned, -iax those which France and England may think fit to grant her in the plenitude of that sovereignty of their own which theyno- exercise de jare and defacto in the Eu;ine. - " It is great mistake to wish to Apply to the examinatior, of the thrd guarantee the principles of law which serve as a rale in continental wr. In a continentalwar the military occupation of the country does-not suflice, it i true, to cancel therigh of powsession of the former owner go long astheLntterhasnot?exprelyorteitIYrenouncedit. "'This prineiple, `sasMArtens,* 'hla been recognized for !ntures:ai reig" the conquest of provinces; so thatif a. belUigereaPOwr allowed itself to alienate aconquered pro,ina bef;r4 te ion of tie sae had been obtained by a *,r?ds dcXa'DtW, sld Genz No*ra d .- treaty of peace, the new possessor woula always be expoeed to the- risk of having to restore it; and mTre than once, even, he has therebybeen led into a war.' As a n example, the author quotes the purchlise of Dunkirk by France before the cession madeby Spain. - " The case is quite different in naval wars, -w3here the substitution of sovereignty is the basis of the rights of the belligerents in the case of blockade.* "Although, up to the origin of the present war, Russia alwys considered herself mistress of the Blaok Sea, it is incontestable that the sea, legally and physically speaking, is not susceptible of possession, as the fact of posscsion eonsists essentially of two points. " On the one hand, the physical, iarnediate, nurdl possibility o'f ac'ing at each moment and at will upon the thing; or the other hand to keep back from it at will every foreign nation. 'It is tArs,' adds 1L de Savigny, ex-Mmister of Justice in Prussia, from whom I borrow the definition -of possession which you bave just read, ' that tke boatman posseses his oat, ut not the water utpo)z wslick it glides, although the one and the other terre his cnds.'t " International lavw admits, however, a right of empire or sovereignty as regards a territorial sea, on the condition that the State which attributes it to itself has the means to exercise defacto, and in a permanent mannier, that physical power which constitutes possession; in other words, that it could be able to take measures *to keep away any foreign action. "Since the commencement of the Eastern war, not only is the Russian Government not able to fulfil this principal and essential condition of the right of sovereignty over a territorial sea, but, moreover, the allied fleets have so swept the Euxine that the Russian flag-has totaUy disappeared from it, and that the whole line of coast on which her territorial empire formerly extended is now at the mercy of the fleets of France and England. " Since these latter have proclaimed the blockade of the Black Sea their sovereignty has been substituted everywhere for that of Russia on the space of the territorial waters, and as -long as by the disposal of sufficient forces they are able. to prevent neutral Powers from crossing the said waters, to land on the coast, or at the ports of -Russia, they will hold the Euxine in their power. " To prolong the blockade, and with a view to perpetuate the exclusive domination of the Western Powers on the Black Sea, it would suffice for France and England to come to a joint understanding with the Porte to establish a permanent maritime station by means of four men-of-war, provided by each of the three contracting Powers. These 12cruisers, placed at different points so as to exercise the physical power from which legal occupation results, would for ever consolidate the empire of the allied Powers over the Black Sea, to the absolute exclusion of Russia. "The question, reduced to its most simple expression, is therefore this -Russia not having any more sovereign rights over the Black Sea, it remains for the exclusive arbitration of the Western Powers to decide if, and on what conditions, the re-admission of the Muscovite flag tothose waters shaUbe granted. " According to international law the Western Powers would be perfectly justified in excluding even the Russian merchant flag from aseawheredefacto and dejiwire they exercise an exclusive sovereignty. " It is incontestably a proof of moderation when in proposing to proclaim the neutrality of the Black Sea they only wish to exclude the military flag of Russia, and that even in a manner which in no way offends the dignity of the crown of the Czars, insomuch as the Porte and the Western Powers extend the same interdiction to their own respective flags of war. " Russia, less than any other, would have a plausible motive for rejecting such an arrangenient, as, when thoroughly dissected, it rests on the same principle which served as the basis for the famous treaty of Unkiar-Skelessi, imposed in 1833 by the Court of St. Petersburg upon the Sultan. There is, however, this remarkable differencethat while Russia, by means of such a treaty, transformed the Euxine into a tnare ctaimumu for her own especial benefit, thle arrangement proposed to-day by the allies of the 2d of December has no other object than the interests of the balance of power in Europe. "The sstem of neutralization of the Black Sea, as decreed in the note (libeMl1 of the 30th of March, 1855, between France and England, and to which Austria finally adhered, in its turn, embraces three points. "I. Exclusion of every flag of war, except the faculty granted to the two coasting States, Rusia and Turkey, to entertain there a restricted number of vessels to serve as a sea-police. " 2. Free access to all tha ports of the coast in favour of the commercial flag of all nations. " 3. Faculty granted to foreign Poxvers to have Consuls in the said ports. " The immediate consequence of the adoption of the second point can mean nothing else than the suppression of every military port possessed to-day by the two coasting States on the shores of the Black Sea. " This is why badly-infornied journals have often repeated the ramour spread bythefriends of Russia, accordingtowhich when thre system of neutralization of the Black Sea was presented at the Vienna conferences it was said to have met likewise with serious opposition on the part of the Turkish Plenipotentiaries. "Information derived from the most authentic source enables me to re-establish the truth on this point. "The note (libeld) of the 30th of March, 1855, said,'That as regards the Sea of 3iarmora an -arrangement would be sought with the Porte to see if it would be incined to comprise that sea in the same arrangements.' " In-the private conference which was held in Count Enol's 'cabinet after the arrival of 31. Drouyn de Bhuys and of Aali Pasha at Vienna, the latter having observed that the: application of the neutrality of the Sea of Marmora iwould impose upon the Porte the necessity of removing elsewherethe arsenals and other maritime establishments of Constantinople, insomuch as the Turkish fleet could no longer anchor in the Golden Hore, it was at once admitted that it would not be jut to demand such a sacrifice from the Sultan. The neutrality having, therefore, been restricted to the Sea of Azoff and to the Black Sea, the Minister of Foreign Affairs of the Porte at once adhered to it, taking the engagement in the name of his Governmment to change into commercial ports the war ports of Sinope and Batoum, which Turkey possesses on the south coast of thre Euxine. The consent of the Sultan to the system of neutralization of the Black Sea is a fact acquired towards the solution of the third guarantee, and, as we have just seen, the Porte, although it had been unjustly attacked, has, in the interests of the peace of the world, given the example of concessions to which the aggressor cannot reasonably refuse his consent from the moment that they are mutual. "As the dignity of the Crown of the Czar is continually brought fonvard, I will show how two of the greatest maritime Powers in the world have not feared to derogate from. their national dignity by reciprocally adopting, under analogous circumstances, the arrangement which the allies of the 2d of December have just proposedto Russia for the solution of the third guarantee. " BY the treaty of psace signed at Paris in 1763 between England, France, and Spain Canada was ceded to England. The relative position of the English and American Goverments on the subject of the navigation of the great lakesviz-, lake Superior, Michigan, Erie, Huron, and Ontario, and of the river St. Lawrence, which forms the connecting link between those lakes and the ocean, became, in 1828, the subjee of very animated diplomatic discussions between the two coasting States. The United States possess the southern shores of the great lakes and of the St. Lawrence to where the northern frontiers of the republic touch the iver, while England possesses the northern shores of the lakes and of the river in its full extent, as well as the southern shores from the 4-5th degree of latitude to its mouth. " Circumstances quite pecnliarto the American continent, and contestations on the limits of the territorial possessions, which have not yet been finaUy settled, having prevented the solution of the question, applying thereto the principles proclaimed by the Congress of Vienna touching the navigation of the great rivers in Europe, the Cabiets of St. James and of Washington meantime 'irterdieted recipro. CaUy the appearance of their militaryjfags irs anyone of the 7akes which rwsh the shores of the tzw Coastitar States.' "If two great maritime Powers, in all the plenitude of their sovereignty over the respective territorial waters, did not hesitate to subscribe to a system of neutrality, before 'What tribunal of public opinionl can RuSSLa ever justify her reful to do as much as regards the Black Sea, upon which the victorious ileets of France and England have deprived her of even the shadow of right ? "I more particularly cal your attention to the historical premdent which I have just quoted, because I know, beyond a doubt, -that the Western Powers insist upon not admitting any:essential modification which Russia may attempt to obtain as regards the system of neutrality agreed npon bv cormmon consent on the 30th of Miareb, 1855. "Infact, if Great Rritain, despite her ancientpretension to the sovereignty of the seas, in her arrangement with the United- States consented to-.the system of neutralization in virtue of which her miitary flag was prohibited from being shownupon-thegreatlakes of Boitle America, a re-- nounced, by a stroke of the.pen, the facalty of making a pPSuege -into the oceani for her ships of war, which she cold construct rauch cheaper in Canada, it must be allowede * Ortnbsn. B2 IpDiQafqua dc 14 Ater. . frai iete aa . tDe SaxZgny. rTaiWs ere laowjn that now sedoes not ask from Rylssia any other concomiion lthan that to which sheherself b js subscribed for soare than a quarter of a century. "This is what Count Valentin Esterhaly is particularly charged to eGplal to the Russian Cabinet, notifying the unalterable interpretation which the- Western Powers are determined ti attach to the system of neutralityof the Black Sea - "Thesevere-coldwhichprevailed when Count Valentin Esterhazy recentlyleft our capital for St. Petersburg delayed him three days on the road-that is to say, when the very recent cicular note of Count Nesselrode, of the !2d of December ast, was already on its way to-Berlin and Vienna. Ipurpose returning shortly to a consideration of the circuhar note in question, which is not, as might at first be supposed, an indirect reply to the proposals of peace which Austria has just presented to Russiathrough CountValentin Esterhazy. "ThecirularnoteoftheArch-Chancellorof Russia was issued in concert with the Court of Berlin, with the mamn ob-- jeet of clogging the policy of Austria and of the secondary German States-a poulcy which, according to the Prussian point of view, runs too much in the wake of the Cabinets of Paris and of London. As regards Austria, I do not hesitate to affirm that Colonel de Manteuffel might have spared his journey to Vienna. " As regards Germany, the land of legality par excellence, it will certainly notbesitate to proclaim that the conditions of peace offered to Russia are conformable to the immutable principles of international law and to the customs which serve to regulate the mutual relations of nations. Unless it is pretended that international law must be subordinate to the ambition and to the private insolence of Russia, every impartial mind must own that the allies of the 2d of December, far from allowing themselves to be led away by the emotions caused by the war, hold no other langage now to the Court of St. Petersburg than that of justice and of moderation." It was, I think, stated some time since that the Government ot the United $tates of Anerica had made a treaty with the Shah of Persia, and that they proposed to guarantee his territory on the side of the Persian Gulf. I believe no slich treaty has been entered into, but it is certain that advances of the most friendly description have been made. Russia is also intriguing vely harrd with the Shah, and it is unfortunate that, at such a moment,when his favour is eagerly sought by these two Powers, a suspension of diplomatic relations with England should have taken place. The Paris papers publish the following telegraphic despatches:- " BERLI, .TANUAnY 5. "The members of the great Council of War sitting at St. Petersbug are chiefly occupied with questions relating to the fortification of the strategical points of the Empire. The fortificati6ns of Kieff will be finished before the end of the winter.- "It is said that Austria has the formal intention of bringing before the German Diet the proposalsforpeace which she has sent to St. Petersburg. "Prince George of Mec2ldenburg has arrived at Berlin. " The Conference on. the Sound dues at Copenhagen has been indefinitely aijourned." " MADRID, J.ax. 5. "The protest of the Catalans against the re-estabishment of ihe tariffs was yesterday presented to the Cortes. " The interpellations of the democrats came on to-day." We read in the I1idipendacnce Beige, under date Hamburg, 3d instant "Commercial letters received to-day from seversl of the Russian Baltic ports mention the extraordinary activity displayed by the Generals in erecting additional works of defence on the land and sea side, and establishing intrenehed camps for the troops, who are to operate in the three provinces of Esthonia, Livonia, and Courland. Communicat.ons by land are now easy on account of the ice and snow, and Revel, Riga, and other maritime towns have already been supplied with gass of long range, on an improved system, lately cast in the Imperal foundry of St. Petersburg. It was intended to construct at Revel and Riga two new batteries on the seaside, and to ann them with those guns, in order to keep at a distance the allied ships, the broadsides of which damaged last year the advanced works.of the Russians, rhile the guns of the latter, being of inferior range, were unable to retaliate. The learned engineer Jacobi, to whom the Russian Government is indebted for the invention of the submarine infernal machines, the explosion of one of which, in July last, on board the Exmouth, was nearproving fatal to Rear-Admiral Seymour, has been entrusted by the GrandDuke Constantinewith the direction of the works of the Imperial foundry, in which al the old copper guns are being mnelted and converted into rampart and siege pieces of the longest range. The commercial letters above referred to, written by some of the most eminent merchants in the Russian Baltic ports, generally attach no credit to the rumours of peace, which also circulated there in December. They are convinced that next spring the war Will be prosecuted by Russia with redoubled vigour. Preparations of defence were in progress all over the country, and on a gigantic scale, in order to resist the extraordinary means of attack which, it was well known, the allies were preparing on their side. It was believed at Revel and Riga that an Anglo-French force will be lahded in the three Baltic provinces the moment the navigation becomes free, and that hostilities will be simultaneously carried on along both banks of the Gulf of Finland. There were at Riga several thousand men belonging to the militia of the first levy, whose armament is now complete. The soldiers carry, independently of the musket, an -axe, fixed to their belt. At Revel quarters were provided for several new drusehines of those soldiers the;batlions of 'which, employed in the Baltic provinces, hare remained as they were at their formation in 1854, while those marched by the Government last summer to Southern Russia were mostly incorporated with the regiments of the army and the reserves of the line." The naval authorities of Cherbourg have been ordered to arm three screw liners and three sailing frigates, lvich are to be ready for the opening of the campaign in the Baltic in April next. Those three ships are the Arcole, 90 guns, and 900-horse power, the armament of which is nearly completed; the Donawerth, 90 guns, which is to be converted into a screw ship, and is already undergoing that transformati0n, although she only arrived from the Mediterranean 12 days ago; and the St. Louis, 90 guns, launched at Brest on the 25th of April last, which is at present on her way from Toulon. Independently of these three ships, which are to be fitted up with all possible expedition, Cherbourg is to arm the war screw transport Yonne, of 1,200 tons, the vessels of the Iceland station, and the five bombvessels and the 12 steam gunboats which have returned from the last campaign in the Baltic, and are to form part of the formidable expedition which is to operate in that sea next spring. t We find, in theSrIdse, some accounts of the AngloSwiss Legion. The second battalion of the 2d Regiment must be now nearly completed by the accession of 300 men lately enlisted at Schelestadt. Its Colonel, Al. Bundi, had left Coire to assume the command of the corps, the first battalion ofjwhich, commanded by M. Giusberg, is to be embarked for -a Minor on the 15th of January. Measures are being taken in Switzerland to kaise a third regiment. An officer of the lst,now quartered at Smyrna, gives a very favourable account of it. Its sanitary condition was excellent, three of the men only having died of cholera. The troops were lodged in a barrack, situate on the sea shore. In the morning the soldiers receive tea and bread, at noon meat and soup, and in the evening another portion of soup. Vegetables are dear; potatoes cost 20f. the sack. The officers are supplied with meat, bread, tea, and sugar, and the soldiers cook their victuals. General Bosquet, summoned to Paris by tele. graph, left Pau on the 3d for that capitaL It is supposed that he is coming to assist at the Granid Council of War convoked by the Emperor. Sir E. Lyons, on his passage through Lyons, paid a visit too General Trochu, with whom he had a long interview. The Courrier 'de Lyon states that the l General has nearly recovered from the wound ire received at Sebastopol. - - The steam frigate Albatros, having in tow tw5 merchantmnen, entered Marseilles on the 4th, coming from Toulon. On the 5th, the liner Mlarengo, the sailing frigate. Zenobie, and the war transport Chandermsgor, arrived atToulon, from the Black Sea. Ile Mmonieur announces that, by a decision of the JMinister of Ninance, the interest on the 'Public Treasuy Bonds is to be fixed, fron the 7th of January, at 4 per cent. per aminun for lbonds from three to five montha' daate; ;at . per aent. for those from six to 11 moioths ;anid at-4 per cent. for bonds of one year.* THE 1MEDITERRANEAN. (rRod oin owx. coanEspoxnzp4T) M3MSEILLES, JM. 4, Tnequayof the Joliette is at present as much crowded wvith bomb shells brought back from the Crimea as it was during the siege of Sebastopol *hen the tme shells were being shipped. The huge American. transport Queen of Clippers, which arrived tii-day from Kamiesch, has 8,000 bomb shells"on.b?oard, The British steamer Columbian, which arrived from the Crimea a few days smnce, brouight 3,000. Equal activity is displayed in another part-of the quay in shipping gun-carriages, caissons, anld ateriel for field artillery to an enormous extent. Several artillery officers, moreover, have received notice to hold themselves in readiness. to proceed to the Crimea. The port of the Joliette, which. for some days was comparatively empty, is again being filled with ships from the East. The following vessels, engaged by the French Government for the transport of troops and nwt&ried to the Crimea, are now in the dock -The British steamers Europe-an, R Columbian, Sea Nymph, the Blitish transports Sinoda, Sumroo, the American clippers Great Republic, Queen of Clippers, Monarch of the Sea, Ocean Herald, Titan, White Falcon, Astolia; the French sailing frigate Reine Blanche is stil in the dock, taking in stores for the Crimea. There has been a heavy gale from the east during the last twvo days, which forced four steaniers that sailed hence yesterday to anchor in the-roads. The following is the movement of the port of Marseilles from the 15th to the 31st December 25 French ships, measuring (,219 tons, entered from foreign ports, together with nine foreigp ships, measuring 2,916 tons, of which six are American, two English, and one Hamburger; 17 French vessels, measmuing 4,965 tons, and 7 foreiga ships measuring 3,072 tons, cleared out for foreign ports. 306 French vessels, measuring 37,706 tons, and 137 foreigners,measuring 39,618tons, entered from ports on the coast. 178 French vessels, measuring 26,865 tons, employed in the coasting trade, with 98 foreigners, measuring 17,270 tons, likewise engaged in the coasting trade, cleared ont during the same period. The last commercial advices received from Kamiesch are most unfavourable for the exporters of French produce. Provisions of every kind, as well as luxuries, are selling under first cost. Large sums have been lost by several houses here who supplied seerchandise on credit to speculators. The latter, being unable to fullfil their engagements remain in the Crimea, and have made no ret ur. Our comr market has been extremely dull for the last 15 days, with a tendency to lower prices. While the war has directed the ingenuity of inventors in many instances to the discovery of more terrible instruments of destruction, an individual residing near this town has been applying himself to givetosteam a newandpeaceableapplication. The idea suggested itself to him that a steam trawling boat would prove a lucrative speculation during the frequent periods of calm weather, when the Marseilles fishermen are unable to pursue their avocations, and shoals of the finny tribe approach the coast with imptunity. In order to avoid being anticipated in his speculation, the inventor constructed his boat in a field, enclosed with high walls, some distance from the sea. Great was the curiosity to discover the mystery, but the secret was well kept, and the boat (with some difficulty) was conveyed over land to the dock, and is now afloat. She is a smack, of about 50 tons, fitted with a screw. Another peculiarity is, that her mast is hollow, and will serve as a chininey. I A letter from Toulon, dated this morning, states that the following ships-of-war are at anchor in that port .-The ships of the line Hercule, Fleurus,ulm, Navarin, Suffien, Duguesclin, Inflexible, Montebello, Bayard, Jemmappes, Duperra, and Trident; steam frigates Canada, Albatros, and Cacique; steam corvette, Reine Hortense; steam cutters, Requin and Solon; and sailing cutters, Caprieuse, Saone, and IMeurthe. AUSTRIA. (FB3o OUR OWN7 CORRESPONDENTr.) VIENNA, JxN. 3. The Austrian public is so profoundly ignorant of what has been doing during the last few weeks in the Eastern question that it believes Count Nesselrode'sCircular of the 22d of December to be a reply to some project of peace that has recently emanated from the-allied Powers. Your readers, however, will be at no loss to understand that the circular of the Russian Chancellor of State is mferely a repetition of terms of peace some three weeks since proposed by Prince Gortsehakoff to Count BuoL| The Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs decined| to discuss the merits of the Russian proposition with Prince Gortschakoff, but he lost no time in communicating what had passed between himself and the Russian diplomatist to the representatives of the Western Powers. The conditions proposed by Russia must already be in your hands, and it is, therefore, unnecessary to say more about them than, that they were brought forward by Prince Gortschakoff in the 12th Conference, -which was held in this city on the 21st of April, 1855. They were then positively rejected by Aali Pasha, Lord John Russell, and M. Dronyn de Lhuys, and it is, there- fore,' but natural that they will not now be' takenl' into consideration. It may be observed that the pertinacity displayed by Russia excites a mixed feeling of astonishment and indignation in the .most influential Austrian circles. Your readers will naturally be impatient to learn what 'progress Count Esterhazy is making in St. Petersburg, but some days must elapse before any positive information can be given on the subject. Up to the present moment the very best informed persons in this city are in total ignorance of the in.- tentions of the Russian Government, but it is be- lieved Cotunt Esterhazy will be able to give some: little insight into them in the course of next week. The definitive reply of Russiaisnot, however, likely to be given until 21 days from the 27th of December, on which day the Austrian propositions were communicatedIto Coint Nesselrode. 'Thelong ' expected Colonel Manteuffel arrived last night, and he has to-day presented an autograph letter from his Sovereign to the Emperor Francis Joseph. The exact contents of the Royal missive are tlot likely to transphirbut it isalready wellknowvnthatPrussnawill refuse to give her assistance t Austina should she attempt to enforce the acceptancoe'f'j'the propositions w hich she has just forwaxded to Russia . Austria is notlikely to be involved in -awar with Russia during thear. 1856; but the. breach between the two Coursis'alniostirreparable. The-public isiiilined to aIncy' that Austria would neveer have assumed such a hostile attitude towaids Russia- 'hd she ot been incitae by France but this iRiistaker n notion. The arrogance of RusiRalias deeply woundea the pide of- Austria,- and yo h-will not beaurprised thbt this is the case when you learn t ,tht one of he r dipmomatic agents but a few dys 'since thus spok ' of the A iasun- s - - - . I - s . 'Ts eswretdxed creThmee seswretraMce) to who om we.a few Years since dave back a kingdom (Img,.ry), are ready to tin tdg from us a province. Prince Grtchakoffi's reported to have lost that .COIOAes6 s vhich As zo necessary at such a criticel mOentt as the preent. n l . ( olloel Moamteufers arval is not ly to make any change i the political siation. It is known that Prlssia is resolved not to plaee herself on the saime level with Austria, and her neutrality will be-made an excuse for Austria's remaining a passive looker-on during the campaign of 1856. Yoa will not fail to observe that the canipaign of 1856 is spoken of as somethinginevitable, and it is my firm conviction that such is the case, but inany persous, who, - from their position, are better able to form a correct opinion than myself, are much inclined to believed that Russia will yield. If what is ca31edtact bethefirs.tofdiplomatiequalities3,XvonStockhaus6en, the Hanoverian Minister, must be a very poor diplomatist.: On the 31st of December he invited some acquamitaiices to see the old year out and the new one in, and his guests were, the members of the Russian, English, and French embassies. The first arival was Sir Hamilton Seymour, who chanced to be so deeply engaged in conversation when Prince Gortschakoff entered that he did not remark his presence. The Russian MEnister had hardly made himself comfortable in his chair, when M. de Bourqueney, accompanied by one or two of the members of the French embassy, arrived. Whether the- air of the room was oppressive, or whether Prince Gortschakoffwas out of his element, is unknown to me; but certain it ii that he left the house soon after M. de Bourqueney entered it. The following despatch will probably appear of little importance to the -majority of your readers, but in reality it is not so:- W o "ONIGSBERG, DEC. 31. We leam from St. Petersburg that the nmperor has ordered the Minister of the Sate domains to rise anothar corps of Chasseurs to do battle against the enemies of Ortlhodx anyd holy Russia." - The word underlined will produce the effect of an electric shock on the authors of the Concordat. A despatch, written by Count Nesseirode rather more than a year and a half ago, contained the expression " Orthodox Church," when speaking of the schismatic Greek Church, and it has told against Russia ever since. The idea of the establisliment of a great Sclavonic Confederation is ridiculed here; but the progress made by the Russo-Greek Church has given, and still gives, serious alarm to the Austrian Governnient. May the fear of a religious propaganda on the part of Russianot have had something to do with the Concordat recently concluded between Austria and Rome ? May the cunning Roman priests not have purposely excited the fears of their Austrian brethren ? To these questions it is impossible to give a positive reply; but it is a notorious fact that the Austrian bishops are extremely hostile to Russia. Yesterday, at 31 o'clock in the morning, his Majesty the Emperor placed the Barremt or cardinal's hat on the head of the Archbishop of Vienna. After the ceremony, which took place in the church attached to the Imperial palace, a Te Deirn was sung, and a blessing given to the congregation- by the new cardinal. According to advices of the 26th of December fiom Berdiansk, in the Sea of Azofi, all the vessels belonging to M. Gopeevich had left. On the day in question a very hard frost set in, and all the wheat' that was to be had was bought up by Government at 17 roubles in assignats-equivalent tofive silverroubles-the tschetwert. TheMIarquis de Ceva, the Sardinian Minister, has returned to Vienna, after a prolonged absence. The following news is of the 24th of December, -from Constantinople. The retreat of Omarn Pasha has been announced, and bad weather is the reason given for the retrograde movement. it is related that Marshal Pelissier has been summoned to Paris. General Durando now commands the Sardinian troops. RUSSIA. (mROaM OUR BEnn coxR>onSPDEr.) BMMIll, J.A?. 5. The nomination of Prince MIenschikoff to the Governorship of Cronstadt is understood in St. Petersburg to have been the direct consequence of the untiring efforts of the Grand Duke Constantine in every possible direction to bring forward the old Russian party into an all-absorbing prominence: it is traced to him also, that not only as in this instance the name of Menschikoff takes the place of Lutke, but those of Dehn, Berch, and Kleinmichel were set aside for Novossilsk, Metlin, and Tschevkin. The only commanders that have in this war .received the Order of St. George, Second Class, besides Mouravieff, (an especial favourite with that party,) are Bebuteff and Nachimoff, and of all three it is Fnderstood that they were atrongly recommended for it by the Grand Duke Constantine. The only exception to the all-engrossing old Russian influence in the nomination to place is the choice of Lieutenant-General Baron Meyendorif, the brother of the late Minister in Berlin and Vienna, to be Master of the Horse and High Chamnberlain of the Imperial Court. It is probable that, in the matter of Court officers, this zealous champion of the old Russian party, the Grand Duke Constantine, is willing to accord to the so-called German party some glimpses of Imperial favour, in recognition. of their superior intelligence and observance of the amenities of life, &c. The distincti6n conferred upon Prince. Menschikoff in confiding the defence of Cronstadt to him, which is virtually putting into his keeping the keys -of St. Petersburg, is a conclusive refutation of the many stories that were current at the time of his retirementof his having fallen into disgrace with his late master. The present Emperor has not-only assigned to him the splendid hotel of the Staff of the Marine for a residence, but has kept him as much as possible near him and in his. confidence, andhas sent him on an important mission to Finland, with particular-reference to Sweaborg. * The following is the text of the hIperial Rescript addressed to'the Minister Perowski with reference to the raisino of additional levies of sharpshooters from among the peasantry on the Apanagge domai>s "InaResipt addressedtoyou.-ander date of October25 (Nov. 6),1854, our Father, of blessed memory, called upon the peasantry on the Apanage domains to tak-e part in the generil cause of the defence of the commonfatherland. On that occasion there presented themselves far more volunteers than sufficed forthe complement of. the regiment of sharpshooters of the lnperia House, rwlich -was then proposed to consist of three battalions; and more than half the number of thosewhowere desious of enlisting,were obliged- to return homne. We now consider it necessary to form a fourth battalion of this regiment, and command you for that purpose to issue a fresh appeal to the Apanage peasantry on the basis explained at length in the Statute of Oct.:25, 1854. Tn thus conunitting to you the formation of the fourth battalion, we are fully convinced that the Apanage peasantry -wl at our call rush to the defence of thei coant-y w.ith the same readiness as their brethren, who wrere called upon by ourFather, have already takesi the field to confront the enemies of our orthodox faith and of Holy Russia "'ALEX,AflDBR," .You have, doubtless, already received in the fInvclide the two proclamations issued by -Prince 'Bebuitoff and, General MouravieE'to the populations of -lnSitiaj 0ur.is, aind. Mingrelia, caling -on the whole:.people to take up:armsiand destroy the enenies of 'the ¢ross;, behind every shrub and every stone, and from out of every hollow -of -the surfces (of the eaTth),,death must be prepared for the enemy, - tbAt is come hither to destroy their religion and their domestic happiness,- and to' d6seeafte 'their 'temples. Nobles and - serfs are all to lay hand to their Weapons, 'and range themslves- uiern' te banner' of the Crucified One, to. protect1their wives, their dcldren,Ihileir proper-, ' tie, and thetemples in wich theiF' glorious ances-tersxepos. Those of the enemy that they kill, nrorthy aitey are of' sepulture in holy Chriin ground, shall-be thrs into the earth far aw*yfrom the spot where the church belis chime, even there where the wLd beast stalls, &c. In these address the whole Trans-Caucasiaii population i3 ssurn6onea to ar-ms, to take part in the crusade against the Infidel and the enemlies of the Orthodox faith. In consideration that the service of the coast batteries and fortifications for the defence of the shores of the Baltic will, this-yeb-r, require a much- * increased number of officeis, General Count Rudiger, the Commander of the Guards and Grenadier Corps, cealls upon all naval officcrswho are incapaw - citated from continuing to ser've afl6at,*to apply fot commands at the forts and l6nd batteries. I the files -of new'spapers firom inland that reached Stockholm direct on December 24, for the first time since the establihment of the blockade, is contained the news of a fresh Imperial Order, coDm. manding three fresh Finnish (indelta) batta]ionsof sharpshooters to be formed, together. with a reserve for each battahion. Each of the new battalions is to be 600 men strong and the reserve 1(30, 40 imen foc each company. There will, therefore, after Mlay 15, 1856, when the three fresh battalions nrc core- pleted be no less than nine Finland National Battalions of sharpshooters, viz., Axbo, Wasa, IJleaborg, Kuopio, St.Michels, Tavaetehuus, Yjorne. borg, Nyland, and Wyborg. These are the warlike incidents which have been occupying the minds of the St. Petersburgers simultaneously with the reports of approaching peace, a! conveyed to them by foreign papers. These pacific views and expectations mieet there wvith a ready echo in very extensive circles, but they are met at the same time with too striking a contradiction in the extreme tension of every warlike feeling in tlhe nation, in the excessive xampancy of the old Russian party, and in the conviction that the religious claracter stamped on the whole conflict precludes anything like compromise, for thLe widely preva. lent wish for peace to become anything like a generally entertained hope or expectation of it. The efforts of the bigotted Slavonian party has succeeded in imparting so fierce a religiouis impulse to the population that anything-like political reasonsand argument are entirelyoverpoweredandthrust out of sight and hearing. Viewed under the influence of these feelings, the present aisr is expected to conduct to "results that correspond to its godlike objectsand the sacrifices that have been made for it." In Russianjournals of that party one reads that "the fruitx of glory before God, as well as. of honour and advantage before the world, which peace will someday bring, cannot fail of falling to the lot of Russia, victoriously as she has everywhere fought, and whose conquest of Kars is only the last link in a long chain of triumphs." There are, it is true, some statesmen'who think differently, but they are a minority and cannot just now make their voices heard: the majority are not for peace; nor, according to the estimate formeed there of the popular feeling, could any diminution of the Cza' external power be conceded to w.ithout producing a fearful shock to {he popnlar belief m his inviolable Majesty. To evade the subject of the proposals or the demands made by the allies, the constant subtefuge is to allege what they call the cause of the war, viz., that the Sultan has been uifaithful to his treaty obligations, and that all differences that have arisen in consequence must be settled between him alone and Russia. The entire Russian form are at present distribtted under the foRlowing commanders :-Generalissimo of the whole active arlmy, Prince Pask& witsch; Commander in Finland, General von Berg; in St. Petersburg, Count Rudiger and General Arbusoff; in Esthfland, General Grabbe; Baltic corps General Sievers; Central Army (Kieff), GenerA Paniutin ; Western Amy (Poland), General Soumasulkoff; Southern Ariy, General Liuders; Crimean Army, Prince Gortschakoff; Danubian territory, General Chomutoff; Kuibanschis territory; Gene. ral Serebriakoff; Caucasus, General Bebutoff; Trans-Caucasw, General Mouravieff. Such results as have been as yet attained in a pre liminary inquiry into the losses and expenses en- tailed by the defence of Sebastopol are of suclh enormous dimensions that they seem to all informed of them to pass credibility. The means of arriving at any positive and accurate knowledge on this subject5 such as archives, registries, accounts, &c., have beeit for the most part destroyed by fire and water in the retreat from the south to the north side. The Grand Duke Constantine, in his capacity of Chief of the Marine, has issued a circular to all officials connected vith that branch of the service, in the most binding expressions, requiring for the fature that all official reports shall contain the entire and simple truth, without reservation or false colouring. Such reports as leave the trath to be inferred from. what they do not sayishailbereturned to their writers; and hencefoith extemal form is not to be allowed to supelsede essential matter, and thus serve as a cloak and concealment for abuses ! This is one indication of an approachingreform in the red tape department. Another in the relations of proprietor and serf is prepared also by another incident. A number of soldiers, who have served their fi-dl period, and have returned. from the scene of their labours and dangers in the Crimeas,haveappliedto their former proprietors, fromr whose hands theythemselves have been liberated by their military services, to be permitted to purchase of them the manumission of their wives anu children. In a majority of instances these landed proprietors are reported to have declined any money paymerit, and have rewarded the men who have fought so -well for their country by the gratuitous hberation oe their families. The .'Cracow paper Czas mentions also that the .Russiau Government has ordered the abolition of robot (vilein socage) in FPolandi by commutation into-a yearly money payment. For someyearpast the instances in which individual private proprietors have niade this arrangementwiththeirpeasantyhave been increasing, and the Government had also set a r,imilar example on the Crowvn . domains, so that as many as, a fourth part of the whole peasant population had already entered upon their new condition. The commutation is now to ta-ke place all over the kingdom. The lists of the peasantry are being sent in, commisioners for superintending the busines are appointed, and in three years the. whole process is to.be completed. The Russian Ministry of Foreign Affairs has just met with a - serious loss in the death of Herr von Labenski, who has for many years past been the writer of the Nesselrode despatches, and who ha, in addition to the works he has alreadypublishea, left behind him numerous manuscripts, as evidences of his indefatigable literary industy. E1LECTPJC TELEGRAPHIIC DESPATCHES. (raeM 1el 0W' COBBNSmerrS.) ' - , , EOAUPlOAW- NlTMNDY MoRsxmG. Arived.-Maria, from Cardiff; AMliince, steamer, from Havre. Sailed.-Atalanta and Nord, steaners, for Ravre; - Oharlotte, £or Guernsey; Virgime, for Vulparsio; Vivid,for Montrose. Wind . , S,, i, -. iaVnu uOOLh HoND MOm'cl'-m. Sailed.-White Mouse; for Lisbon; Geo.giatwa, -for Trebizoide G Glasgow and Alexaidrtta, for Barcelonia; Hebe, for Ch-rente. - - Wind E.'J ixTied.-ffainer-fr us i4~gan Gem, from; -;(x.Bu 8VMAW 'n D 1BWINSH T5 rn) DEALI, MONDIX, 9.S39 A. Wiid S.S.r , moderate. A3CikorA-U0r, from London, for c-ardiff. Passed,-Estmus, from Rotterdam, forBat'via;
. IUM i(LN INTELLICBENCE. *,. - FRANCE. (FEO OUR OWN CORRXPONDIT1 (A portio6-of the following appeared in our second editionof Satui&.-- PARIS, FRIDAY, JAN. 4, 6 P.St A good ;leal has been said about the propositions presented fy the Emper Francs Joseph to Russa, and aecepted by ce and England. until they are ofticialy known, I may.. as well give you what is stated in the German Chancelleries in raris, already alluded to, and I have reason to suspect that.-it is perhaps nearer the truth than anything as yet published on the subject. With respect to the Dailtibian Principalities I am assured that, as already- stated, the complete abolition of the Russian protectorate is insisted upon. Russia is to have no e6clusive right of protection, nor interven-tion in the domestic affairs of tho Principalities. It i3 dem'nded that the Principalities shal retain their privileges and immunities unger the steze-rainetc of the Sultan, and that the Ottoman Porte, in concert with the contracting Powers, _hall grant to the Principalities an internal organization according to the necessities and freelyexpressed wishes of the populatioif. In concert with tho Sultan also, as their suzerainb,thePlincipalitieswill adopt a permanent defensive system, suchasis required bytheir geographical positioni, and no obstacle and no impediment shall be offered to them in their adoption of any extraordinary measures of defence they may require to enable them to resist aggression on the part of a foreign Poqver. In exchange for the fortified places and territory occupied by the allied armies, Russia wil be required to assent to a modification of her own frontier with Turkey in Europe. The frontier thus modified, conformably to the general interest, will commnence from the neighbourhood of Chotym, following the line of the mountains which extend in a south-easterly direction, and terminating in the lake Sasik. The line will be definitively regulated by the traty of peace, and the ceded territory 'will be restored to the Principalities, and consequently to the suzerainet of the Porte. With rejpect to the Danube, the opening of that river and its mouths will be effectually secured by regulationt in which Europe will have an interest, and in which the contracting Powers will be duly represented, excepting the portions belonging to the Powers who have territory on its banks, which wi'l 'be regulated according to the principle established by the Coisgress of Vienna in matters reltating to -river nav g,atior4 Each of the contracting Powers lave2the righttomaintain one or twosmall vessels of war at the mouths of the river, with the object of insuing the execution of the regulations relative to the freedom of the Danube. The BISck Sea will be made completely neutral. Its waters will be open to the merchant shipping of all nations, but wi be interdicted to war navies, and, im order to make that neutralization a b,onfide neutralization, the present military arsenals will be destroyed,, andno new oneshereafter created. -The complete protection of the commercia'l and maritime interests of alsl nations will be securedin the various ports of the Black Sea by regulations based on and in conformity with international right The two Powers posesn territory on the Black Sea will aept the engagement reciprocally to maintain theremnno more than thenumber of light vessels, the force of which shall be determined previously, necessary for the service of their coasts respectively. It is also protided that such stipulation or convention as shall hkve been agreed to for that object shall be appended to the general treaty. It will be previously submitted to the approval of the Powers who sign that -treaty, and will have the same force-and be 'in every respect considered as forming an -itegral part of that instrument. Those stipulations or conventions formin, part of the general treaty,-and secured in the same manner, shall not be altered, modified, or cancelled without the previous assent of all the Powers who sign the said general treaty. With respect to the closing of the Straits the exception will be admitted as applicable to the Powers that possess territory on the shores of theBla,ck Sea, as alluded to in thepreceding article. The privileges, immunities, and rights of the non-M1ussulman subjects of the Portewillbe confirmed, but without affecting the dianity and the independehce'of His Mrajesty the Sultan; and, as I informed you yesterday, Russia will, after the peace, be, mivited to take part with France, England, andAustria, in all such deliberations as have for their object to secure to the non-Mussulman subjects of the Sultan their relgious and political rights. In addition to the above the belligerent Powers reserve to themselves the right to propose, i the generalinterest of Europe, special conditionsbesides the four guarantees. Tha representatives in Paris of some of the States of Germarty, and perhaps one or two Russian residents, are-aid to be cognizant of the above. The same mayperhaps be affirmed of the Belgian Government. Atqall events, it is believed that the foregoing is a fair stinmary of the famous Austrian proposi- I understand that the assurance was again given to-day in in official quarter of the resolution of this Government to carry on the war in the most vigorous mans.er in the event of Russia not acceding to the propoqitions adopted by the allies. It was repeated at the same time that the Emperor Napoleonhad }to insatiable desire for war; on the contary, herwould feel as much aatisfaction as any one that the Nar should cease, but that he and the English Government were determined not to abate one iota of the terms on which peace would be accepted, and that if Russia still held out she would soon see how two such Powers make war in the -altic. It was not denied that there was still i glimmer of hope of peace, but it was admitted that the glimmer was very faint indeed. This does iot differ in any respect from what I have more than once described as the disposition of the French Ggvernment, but it is no harm to repeat it each time that counter-statements appear in the Russian press of Belgium and Germany. Of the esult of Count Esterhazy's mission to St. Petersburg we know nothing positive as yet, nor do I belieewe can know anythingbefore the lOthor 12th inst4nt. There are many rumours, but it is not wortlh while, indeed it would be waste of time, to occupy:youwiththem,as they can only be founded on the merest conjectures. In some of the German Chaucellerheg in Paris it is said that the despatch sent by Qount George Eaterhazy of the disposition of the Kiig of Prussia to support the Austrian pro positions at St. Petersburg led to conclusions far too favourable and exaggerated; and that the Count dissppeared soon after from Berlin, and it is supposed proceeded to Vienna to set his Government right on the matter, and it is feared to considerably reduce the importance which had unintentionally or otherwise been attached to the promise or egaement of the King The (burner dc Marse of the Sd instant publiesthe following letter, dated Suez,'19th ult. "The Eitt!national Comissioners sent to survey the line of the, peofeced- canal across the Isthmus of Suez srrived he-e on the 16th, aft1r a joumney in Upper Egypt, vrhere the Viceroy had rquested -them to study the best sYstem of irrigation for 4hat country antI Middle Egypt. Their report on that question is already in the Viceroys Eads. Tb day oftheir ahival tho Conmissioners visited, our roadstead, and employed the whole of the 17th, 18th; andi 19th in taidng soundizp in the Gulf, where the taoles of the caral are to b constructed. They marked out several points, and particularly the dtes of three rocki, aitua1te about two league from the extremity of the. bay, and at an equal distance from both banks. These rocks are wel known to sarmen, and present no impediment to navigation. According to-th6 -oorvations made and the facts ascertained on board the English corvette stationed for the last three-years in the Gulf at the distance of 8 kiometres from the town, the roadstead of Suez may be considered one of the safest in the world. The anchorage 6 excellent, and on no occasion did the corvette sustain the least damage in its waters. The north winds vwhich prevail there nearly the whole year, and those from the south, which scarcely last two months, are not sufficiently violent to endanger navigation, and the captain of the corvette declared that, during the three years his vessel remained there, the communications with the shore had not been once interrupted by bad -weather. The same cannot be saidof many roads. The Commissioners visited to-day the quarries of Attala, three leagues to the south-west of the town, which are to supply. the stone necessary for the stoneworks of the canaL They are shortly to leave for Pelusiumn, crossing the isthmus from I south to north, and there is every reason to believe that they I will have completed their exploration in the first days of 1$o. Soundings are being prosecuted in the meantime (on the isthmus) along the line of the future cana, and hitherto the results described in the procas-rerbaer, which the Commissioners have beogn to examine on the spot, con. tinue tobe most satisfactory." The Emperor, accompanied by M. Lefuel, the architect, yesterday afternoon visited the new works at the Louvre. His Majesty examined in succession the Pavilion de Rohan, the wing of the Ministries, the gardens, the return wing on the side of the Pictture Gallery, and the Pavillon de Lesdiguieres. The Prefect of Police has issued a decree for the reorganization of the inspectors of the butchers' trade. These inspectors were previously appointed by the Prefect, on the recommendation of the butchers themselves, but this practice is to be henceforth discontinued, and they are to be appointed directly by the Prefect. Their number is increased from eight to 15, and they are to receive a salary from the Prefecture, commencing from the :Ist inst. They are pLaued under the immediate orders of the Inspector-General of the Markets. The duties of the inspectors are-1, to see to the execution of the regulations and decrees reLating to the butchers' trade, particularly those relating to the tan on meat, and ts report on any infractions of the same; 2, t examine the nature, quality, and kind of meat exhibited in the slaughterhouses, markets, and butchers' shops; 3, to inspect, as often aspossible, the meat sent by contractors to the Hotel des InvaEides, the Miitary School, and the barracks of Paris, inltra and exfris mur-os; and, 4, to superintend the driving of cattle on the roads and their distribution in the markets and slaughterhouses. The attributes which they formerly possesse relating to the pri'cate interests of the trade are maintained; but any observations which the syndics of the butchers may have to make on the subject are to be addressed to the Inspector-General of the MTarkets. A letterfrom Rome, of the 22d ult., says:- "Prince Alexander Torlonia is now engaged in carrying out the intentions of his deceased brother, Prince Charles Toeonia, who before his death had given an order for a superb altar for the church of Notre Dame at Boulognesur-MOr. This altar will be unique of its kind in France. There will be used in its constrction some of the rarest antique marbles, beautiful agates, &c. The table of the altar wi be supported by a row of small colunms of Eastern alabaster, between which will be fine mosaics executed by the most distingoishedartists, andre. presenting our Saviour and the four Evangelists-the firstnamed pointing with his left hand to the chalice which he holds in his right. The steps of the altar wi be also ornamented with mosaics and precious stones. The tabernacle will be a model in 1rUo of the triumphal arch of Constan. tine in the Roman Forum near the Coliseum." A new exchange of prisoners between the French and Russians took place recentlyat Odessa. Among the French prisoners given up were three officers of the Vantour, who were captured, it may be remembered, some time ago by the Cossacks whilst out shooting in the neighbourhood of Kinburn. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 29th ult. were 899,511f., or 126,453f. more than during the corresponding week of 1854. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 52,497,007f., being a difference in favour of 1855 of 8,549,500f. - The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 63f. 65c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 91f. 60c. ; and the Now Loan at 64f. 45c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,130f.; Great Northern, 887f. 50c.; Strasburg, 882f. 50c.; New shares, 745f; Paris and Lyons, 1,130f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,255f.; Western of France, 750f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 68f. ; Great Central of France, 572f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 675f. ; Bank of Creait MIobilier, 1,320f.; Austrian railways, 72Sf. 750. CoursAuthntique.-:PAxs, Jan. 4.-CashPrices.-Four. and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 91f. 25c. 50c. 40c.; ditto secondLoanof 1855(30per cent. paid), 92f.; ditto Certificates (30 per cent. paid), 92f., Three per Cents., 63£ 20c. 25c. 30c. 35c. 30c. 25c. 40c. 30c.- di-tto first Loan of 1855 (60 per cent. paid), 63f. 25c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (30 per cent. paid). 64f. 50Oc 45c. 50c. 40c.; ditto Certificates (30 per cent, paid), 64f. 50c. 45c. 50c. 40c. 45c.; Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent, to the end of May; Bank of France, 3,170f. 3,180f. 3,175f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 522f. 50c.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 410f. ditto Three per Cents., 370f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; Crtdit Mobilier, 1,307 50Oc. 1,310f. 1,320f. 1,322f. 50c. 1,317f. 50c. 1,320f. 1,325f. 1,320f. ;Discount Bank, 610f. Piedmontese Five per Cents., 86f. 50c.; ditto Three per enta., 53f; Austran Five per Cents., 84; Belgian moan, 1852, 100; ditto Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93S; ditto Twro-and-a-Half per Ceats:., 53; Romans, 82; Spanish; Deferred Converted 21; ditto Thre per Cents., 38;- ditto Lnterior Debt, 334. Exchbange on London, at sight, money, 2Sf. 2.c; three months, money, 24f. 80c. PARIS, SArURDAY, JTk. 5. 6 r.M. A letter from Franlfort mentions that additional co-operation is given to Saxony, Bavaria, and Vurtemberg in the efforts made by those States in favoutr of peace.. It is considered certain that the Grand Duke of Hesse gives his complete approval to the propositions transmitted by Austria to the Court of Russia. The representative of the Grand Duke at St. Petersburg has been instructed to support those propositions, or, at least, advise their acceptance by the Russian Cabimct. What the result may be no one can say; hut the act of the Grand Duke is considered important, as the Empress of Rutssia is his sister, and he is believed to possess much influence over her. " This step," adds the letter, "Can hardly fail to produce an impression on the mind of the Emperor Alexander, and it will be for him a new proof of the disposition of Germany, and of the movement in public opinion, which declares itself each day more and more favourable to the policy of the Western Powers." - The following private telegraphic despatches have been received CVJxNNA, Jan. 4.-The amnesty which has been granted to the Poles also includes some foreigners, among whom there are 10 Germans and three Frenchmen. Prince raskiewitsch has had a relapse. Colonel de Manteuffel had an audience of the Emperor yesterday. The chances of an undeiitanding between Prusia and Austria appear to be increasing. " HAsMUo, Jan. 4.-The news from Sweden states that General Bloch, Minister of War in Norway, and Commander-in-Chief of the Army, has been directed to organize the Norwegian troops, in concert with the head of the War Department at Stockholm. " IADm, Jan. 4-Reports have been again revived of the intended retirement of L Br9il, but they are entirely unfounded. An English company has, it is said, engaged to construct a railway from the frontier of Spain tb Lisbon." An'Imperial decree opens to the Budget of the Legion of Honour a supplementary credit of 184,30Sf., of which 171,109f. are for the expense of decorations, medals, &c.; and 13,200f. for the office charges of the commission of oldsoldiers. : The Monifeur publishes a decree of the Minister of War fixing the conditions of er-enlistment of such men as have been released from the service. Re-enlistment for seven years will entitle the party to the sum of 2,SOOf., VOOf. to be paid at the tnne of re-enlistment, 300. either at that time or during the period of service, and the remaining 1,300f. on his definitive liberation from. the service., Re-enlistment for less than seven years wl give a right to a mm of 230f. for every year's service, 100f. to be paid on the day of re-enlistment, M0f. either at the same period or during the time of service;, and lOf. at the period ofliberstion. Volun- tait~engagements of those altoigether hberated from' the servce within less than a year will be entitled to the~ same advan:tages as above '!peciliom The inistei' has addressed a circular-tothe militaryand civil authorities containing the above regulations,ani ordr,i,ng them to be posted !'Up iin -t4e differeB$ baa-tacks aBd in all the communes, tlir,ogotte country. - - - - iir,iughout h The, screw war tratnsport Meui~th'e 'an'd 'the teaam'' -oiveUet Solon left Toulaon'othe 4thrinst;, the fiz'if for-the Black Sea and the secondrior the Pirseus. On the same day thel sailing frigate Vengesuce. eirtered Toulon, coming from the Black Sea. - -The stea-m corvette 2Primauguet and 'the' transpork Caravane arrived at Bret bn the 4th from Toulon. A detachment of 75 Paris firemen. embarked it' Marseille,s for Constantinople on the 3d inst.: 'i ,, The Three per CGnmts. closed tor,day at 63f. 15c. for the end of the iA.Inth; the Four-and-a-Half pei CentL at 91f. 60c.; and the new Loan, at 64f. 35c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,LI0f.; Great Northern, 870f. ex. div.; Strasburg, 875f.; New Shares,742f. 50c.; Paris ad Lsyons, 1,11.2f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,245f.; Western of Franoe,'747'f. 60c.; Bordeaux andCeotte, 67'5f.; Great Central of France, 5i74f.; Lyons and Geneva, 675f.; Bank - of Crdit Mobilier, 1,255f.; Austrianl Railways, 715f. Cours AtLa ?S&-PA, Jan. 5.-Closing PrcesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years 91f. 50c. 75c.; ditto, Certificates (30_per cent. paid), 92f. 50x; Three r Cents., 63S 40c. &oc. 25c. 20c. 1Oc.lSc. 20. 3f. ; ditto, Certificates (30 per cent. paid), 64f. 25c. 10c.; Bank Actions 3,175f.; Credit Foncier 513f 7Sc. ditto Obligations of 500., Four per Cents., 410f. *redit Mobilier, 1,282f. 50c. 1,290f. 1,282f. 50c. 1,270f. -,2S0f. 1,255f.; Disocunt Bnkvl, 60sf.; Piedmontese Five por Cents., 86f. 50c.; ditto, Three per Cents., 52f. 75c. 5. Austrian Bive per Cents., 814; Belgian Four-and-a.Xalf per Cents., 9Sf; Rente de lNaples (Rothschild), 111;* BO-. mans, 32; Spanish Interior Debt, 34; Dutch Two. and-a-Half per Cents., 524. Echange on London, at sight, paper, 25£. SOc., money, 251. 27.c.; three months, paper, S4. 85G., money, 24£. 820. AUSTRIA. (FROM our. OWN coEsrPONDEwT.) VIENNA, JAN. L Prince Gortschakoff a few days since gave a dinner to Baron Hess and other Austrian officers of the. highest rank. Towards the end of the repast Prince Gortschakoff proposed the health of Baron Hess, and at the same time expressed his heartfelt satisfaction that there was such an excellent understanding between the Russian andAustrian armies. In a word, theRussian Minister took an ungenerous advantage of his position as host, and insinuated that, the political opinions of His Majesty's principal Generals did not coincidewith those entertained by His MajesWs Minister Baron Hess, who is a good diplomnatist as well as a skilful officer, replied, that he was greatly flattered by the compliments paid him by the Prince, but took no notice whatever of the political part of his speech. A public correapondent cannot, of course, mention his sources of information, but you may be perfectly sure that the Emnperor expres sed extreme indignation when ne learnt that the Minister of a foreign Power had dared to hint that his army disapproved his policy on the Eastern question. The "demonstration"' was intended to be against the Minister for Foreign Affairs, but Prince Gortschakoff oversnot the mark, and forgot that the Emperor, as anabsolute monarch, directs the foreign policy of Austria, and that Count Buol merely obeys the instructions which he receives. No one can be better aware of the perfect correctness of this remark than M. de Bourqueney and the Earl of Westmorland, for, to my certain knowledge, both of them more than once heard from the hps of the Austrian statesman that he was only the interpreter of the will of his Imperial master. Colonel Mantebffel, who was expected by the morning train from Dresden, has not yet arrived. At the sittinEg which was held yesterday by the Adminstrative Council of the Credit Bank, Prince Max von Ffirstenberg made the following speech, which is a kind of epitome of the history of the new institation :- " Gentlemen,-The Credit Banlk for Commerce and Trade, the establishment of which was some time since sanctione l by his linperial Royal Apostolic 3Iajesty, has become a reality, and I take the liberty of saluting you as its repre. sentatives. We have received proofs of the confidence of the Government and the public in the landed proprietors, and it is fbr the institution to show that it appreciates and merits that confidence. To his Excellency Baron Bruck our gratitude is due for thekindlyfeelingwhichhe on alloccasions hasmanifestedtowardtheinstitution. When, ayear ago, the founders met in private and discussed the possibility of esta. blshing a Credit Bank, impediments, which seemed almost insuperable, presented themselves. The final realisation of ourproject is mainly attrbutable to the energetic and judicious conduct of AL louis von Haber, and in my own and your names I noo acknowledge o Pr oblgation to him." His n ighness then proposed olzince Schwatzenberg as President of the company, and that noble. man, who is the largest landed proprietor in Bohemia, was elected by acclamation. In addition to the Financial Committee, of which mention was made yesterday, a Committee of Organization has been formed, whose duty it will be to propose the employes and establish the bureaux of the company. The Fnancial Committee will manage the funds of the company, and for the moment ivest its capital in such a -way that it can be had at a very short notice. No one is inclined to doubt that the shares will bear a very high premium before a year has elapsed. Ei~ consequence of the enormous rise in the price of all the necessaries of life, the lower classes of Government clerks are in such extreme distress that His Majesty has directed they shall either receive temporary assistance orhave theirsalaries augmented. The Star of the North was, if possible, more successful at thesecondthan atthe first representation. Their MIajesties werepresentonbothoccasions. Meyerbeer, who appears to be far from well, was obliged to appear some 20 times. MIay it be asked why his Kreadrfa1hrer (Crusaders) has entirely disappeared from the stage? A musical celebrity assures me that it is more melodious than any of his other operas. Prince Gortschakoff and his suite declare that they fully expect to quit Vienna, but it will be seen that they will linger here as long as they can find an excuse for doing so. The Kalisch correspondent of the Oesterreicakische Zeitung, who is no bad authority in such matters, is of opinion that Russia will never accept such conditions as those which have now been sent by this Government to St. Petersburg. THE STATE OF NAPLES. (FROx OUR OWN CORiWESPONDF.) NAPLES, DEC. 29. Every day has its wonder, and that of to-day is that M. Brenier has wrought a miracle upon the Royal mind, and disposed it favourably to the allies. Such is the-report which I have heard stated strongly in several directions, and by people who affect to be well informed. It isaddedthat the King will send a contingent to the Crimea*, and, lastly, it is asserted that the Emperor of Austria is contemplating a visit to this Court, andthat a long series of splendid ftes is in prospect. I am very sceptical of what I cannot. see with my eyes and touch with my hand, and am disposed to think that the above reports want confirmation. I therefore send them Ito you as I hear them. Expectation is so highly wrought on the subject of M: Brenier's mission, that I do not wonder at anything that is said of the results, and as to the contingent, the report of such a measure appears to me to flow very naturally from the large levy of troops. It is an evident effort to explain a difficulty. I believe, however, that my views of the reasons for the monster promiotion, as also the levy, are correct. With respect to the visit of- the Emperor of Austria I know nothing, except that orders have been given to high. Court officers to make preparations for fdtes on a scale of great splendour. Of this there can be no doubt. The Court, too, are coming to Naples. - After having given you reports, and attempts at explanation of the grounds of them, let me now tell you what I have received as certain,-that M. 13renier has expressed himself pleased with -his reception by His MIajesty, though baffled in his wishes to treat directly with the King. The Royal manner wTas very gracious. It .is stated too that M. Brenier has every hope of accomplishing the object of his wishes, whatever they_ may be. -The French Goverment steamer which brought him is still here, and waits his 'oders 'to carry off results, or to seek fer further instructions. We are in expectation, therefore, of a brighter dtate of things than we have witnessed for some time, at all events on the muface. ITALY. (rmox oun oww coiSrOzNDE:) T--RT JAN. 2. A letter received -this morning.from a good authority at Milan mentionsthe receipt of a despatchfrbinm Vienna by the1ocalbGvernmont there, ordering the Ieleaie from sequestration of. the property -of the,Marquis PalavicinoTrivulzio, aAd says that the |-I mperialdecree for that purp6ee has been: granted. blecause these-estate3 had hteen seqjuestrated by rms: tlie("e 'Aofe). ^the'MaruisPalavicineo's i pr'opier*wassequested,-with rht-of many other Lostbard-gentlemenj in -the sarly. -part-of-113, 'o~tibly from a belief on the p3rt of~ Government Lof his having. ¶een implicated in the fmcute of the 6th of February, at which''cbnviction 'it' was pretended it had arrived from-secret aources' of'' information, "which, of course, te'-never published to the world, and -there-" ~fo,e~eould not be contradicte , but tlic present' act releasing that property unsolicited by-its owner, and without any declaration on his part of attachment to the Government, is an open avowal of the injustice to which he has been subjected for nearly three years. MI Pallavicino has been one of the greatest sufferers in the cause of Italian independence. In 1821 he was arrested and confined at Milan for conspiring with Count Gonfaloniere, Silvio Pellico, -c., and, after a trial which lasted two years, was sent to the prison of Spielberg, where he passed 12 years-from 1824 to 1836. By the amnesty of 1838 he was allowed to return to Mian, where he lived until 1848. On the breakdng out of the Revolution he was opposed to a fusion. of Lombardy with Piedmont; and, although he subsequently became a naturalized Sardinian subject, and in 1853 a Deputy for Turin, he has always advocated Republican principles until quite lately, when he adopted the idea enunciated by M. Manin in his famous letter to Die Times, offering to acknowledge Victor Emmanuel, if he came forward as King of ?iteied Italy; but, "si no, %o." To the present Government here, and to the treaty of aliance with theWestern Powers, M. Pallavicino has always been a steady opponent, both in and out of Parliament, and when it was known at Miln that the sequestration was to be taken off his property, it naturally appeared to bedictated by anything rather than a friendly feeling forthe Court of -Turin. From another source, however, I learn that the release is likely to be general, or that, at all events, the properties of the Counts Arese andBorromeo fwill be set free. Both these noblemen are hatmuralized Sardinian subjects and Senators, and the former, who was an intimate friend of Prince Louis Napoleon, has lately been a guest at the Tuileries, where the Emperor took especial pains 'to show that their friendship had not diminished on his part; so that, if thislatter information be correct of other Sardinian subjects than M. Pallavicinobeing felieved from this unjust oppression at the present moument, we shall not be far wrong, most likely, in attributing thetardy repentanceof the Austrian Government to a desire to conciliate the good wvill of her powerful ally previous to the convocation of any congress that might be charged with reconsidering the dispositions of that of 1815. The effects of the concordat are beginningr to manifest themselves in Lombardy. The Archbishop of Milan is said to have agreed with his bishops to undertake a crusade against the press. The Archbishop demanded the assistance of the Government to repress the impertinence of the editors, and the Government made no reply. Then the writers were summoned andthreatened. At Bergamo the CrepUscolo, a paper published at Milan, as well as the works of Schiller, was prohibited by ecclesiastical authority, but no attention was paid to such prohibitions there or elsewhere, and the bishops reproach the Government with not maintaining the concordat. It is, indeed, a strange sight to see the Austrian Government protecting the press against the attacks of the Italianbishops; but the difference is that the Government allows pubEcity so long as politics are not touched upon, while the Church would suppress everything. General della Marmora arrived in Turin yesterday evening about 4 p.m., having landed at Genoa in the morning from MIarseilles. H e was met at the station here by all the Miisters of the Crown and the Eng'lish Minister, Sir James Hudson. Soon after hisarrival he had an audience with His lMajesty, but in consequence of a fall on board the steamer between Marseilles and Genoa, whereby he severely hurt his leg, he has been confined to his bed almost ever since, and it is doubtful if he will be able to proceed to Paris for the council of war. To-day the Council of Ministers assembled at his house previous to meeting the King in Council at a ater hour. This is the time of year when the Turin press usually undergoes some change. There has been little mortality and few births, however, on the present occasion, but several papers have increased their size without augmenting the subscription, and others have reduced their price without diminishing the size. The most conspicuous of the latter is the Opiniome, which gives the same amount of matter this year for one sou that formerly sold for four, that amount being equal to rather less than two pages of Tne Tines, so that if it could secure a large circulation there would be nothing very hazardous in the speculation; but, as it is prohibited in all parts of Italy except Piedmont, that is impossible, and the higher-priced journals predict its failure. The directors say they are enabled to make this reduction by the support obtained from members of the majority in the Chamber, and their enemies say they are assisted by the Ministsry for the purpose of propagating their doctrines, for which they foretell the same fate as M. Guizot's system of influencing public opinion through journalism, in all but a revolution. SPAIN. (FOM oul OiWN ConsESPONDMU.) MADRID, Dsc. 31. A meeting of some importance has again taLen place between the Catalan deputation on the tariff questionand the deputies for Catalonia. It was held at the residence of General Concha, Marquis del Duero. The' members of the deputation from Barcelona stated that, as they had hitherto been unable to effect anything with the Government in favour of the interests which they represented, it was their intention to return to Barcelona, which step would be also in unison with the instructions which they had received from their constituents. The deputies present remonstrated with them, stating that some conciliatory measure might yet be adopted, and that it would be inopportune for them to leave at the present moment. The members of the deputation finally agreed to defer their departure till it could be seen what effect the further efforts of General Concha and Senor Madoz might produce with the Govermment. It is stated that the Committee of the Cortes will hold daily meetings, and hear the statements of the different parties concerned in the matter. The committee named by the Cortes toreport onthe proposal of the Credit Mobilier Company of Paris, through their representatives here,' is unanimouly in favour of the schemeVariens other similar schemes have also started up. A meeting of capitalists, who are desirous of forming another association of the same kind,took place at Senor Moreno's yesterday, but did not come to any conclusion onthatbo&gasion ; but they are to meet again. There is also.aproject of another similar association, in which various French fims and some Barcelona ones appear desirous to enter. It will be recollected that when the question of the unrecognized coupons, representing one-half of the overdue interest on the Spanish Four and Five per Cent. -Stock was brought before the Cortes that body refused even to enter into any inquiry into the subject, and left the few depulties who :proosed to do so in a miserable minority of five. Supposing the rule to have been inexorably laid down .that the question of the settlement of the debt is a closed one, and cannot be opened again on any side, this conduct is at least inttelligible:i but another class of holders of Spanish, State paper, which rejoices in the name of " Deuda negociable de 5 per 100 en papel": (the terin being rather a minsmomer, as I believe it 'is not very negotiable and never qiioted)l have applied to have the paper given them- as- hni amknowledgement of the interest (accruing, but not paid) - converted into redeemable debt of the second class, and this petition has been referred to a committee of the Cortes, which has elected Senor Madoz as its president, and is expected shortly to report upon it. It will be curions to see how this questi6n will be dealt with after the man- ner in which the holders of coupon certificates have been, I The Duchess of Roca, mother-in-law of the late Duke' of Sotomayor,' died the day after hin. The funeral of the ADuke was suitable to his rank and station'; his corp3s had been previously embalmed. Capt~iniGeneak Capa4, 'of the Navy, has just died. D. Francisco Armero yPenerandci will succeed him' -in that dignit The Cortes are occupied wvith matter of no generel' interest. MThenaval estimates as preposed' by the -Ministr:have -been adopted, and the budget has been rearlygotthrouglf. . : - . , Sent r Olozaga has left for Vico (Ibgrono), and,. -lxaiing spent-a-little time there, will go orvtoPsris. iThelThree per Cents. were done to-dayat36. and the Daferred at 21 85 and 95. We heai that thle title to be taken b Bearon PNce- ,ihits nccession to the peerage will be ,that of Lord' Weisleydale, of Weinsleydale, Yorge-wi&Vo'e .t o' * SounraroN, 'Jan. 5.-The inquest on.the body of MAr, E. Webb, wvho so dleterminedly comumitted sulicide in tbisto,wr by 'n early scen eing his he.ad fromn hisl body .with a mz'vTas'held last; e-e1iing.: The 31uaretui-sed : vecrdict of _~ Tcmeraio@y isty." - -= -*hve " dautoriitY 6rstting that Hbisl bToesbtyhas neer b 1-4i,ei'A",kdto join the allies, and that ifhe dogs s61it%iiUb6, b y his owyn Voltioii. -. : I .i
THE EASTERN COUiYTfS BAX LWAY. - TO THE EDITOR OFTIM TDMS. Sir,-I enclose herewith for insertion in ZThe Times of to-morrow a copy of the report of LieutenantColonel Wynne, the officer appointed by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade (upon the memorial of the corporation of this city) to inspect the line of railway between London, Cambridge, and NWorwich, and also a copy of two letters accompanying such report. T1he importance of the subject compels me to lose no time in placing these documents before the public, as, in the event of any accident happening oefore doing so, I should hold myself in some degree culpable. MIy object is not to excite alarm in the public mind, or in any way to injure the company, but simply to put the public in possession of those facts which the report discloses, that they may. at once insist upon those measures bemng forthwith adopted which will dispel all fears as to the afety of travelling onths line. The public should at the same time understand that the report does not affect the railway communications between this city and the metropols, by way of Ipswich, and that I have every reason to believe there is not the slightest cause to apprehend danger from travelling on this line. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant. J. G. JOHNSON, Mayor. I Guildhall, Worwich, Jan. 6. "Railway Department, Board of Trade, I .WhitehaDl, Jan. 5.i "Sir,-With referenco to the memorial addressed to the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade by the corporation of the city of Norwich, dated the 12th ult, alleging that the line of railway between London, Cambridge, and Norwich is in a dangerous condition, and requesting my Lords to cause the line to Ibe inspected, I am directed bytheir iordships to transmit to you the onclosed copy of the report which they have received fromthe officer appointed by them to inspect this portion of railway, together with a copy of a letter which my Lords have caused to he addressed to the E astern Counties Railway Company upon the subject. "I Iam. Sir, your ohedient servant, " DOTh?IAS GALT0O, Captain, Royal Engineers. " The llayor of Norwich." "sJan. 3. .'Sir,-The council of the corporation of Norwich having addressed a memorial to the Lords of the Committee of Privy Conncil for Trade, praying for an investigation into the condition of the permanent way and bridges of the Eastern Counties and Norfolk lines of railway, about the safety of which they stated great apprehensions to be entertained bypersons travelling over the lines, and their Lordships havng instrncted me by your letter of the 15th ult, to inspect and report upon the condition of those lines of railway, I have the honour to acquaint you, for the information of their Lordships, with the result of my inspection of that part of the permanent way of the Eastemn Counties Railway lying between London and Norwich. "Having, in the first instance, travelled over the whole line from London to Norwich, stopping at a number of places on the way, and, having taken a general survey of the permanent way and works, and given instructions for the road to be opened out in a number of places for my examination, I felt satisfied from what I then saw that a couple more days spent in minutely examining a certain number of bridges and portions of the permanent way on the several sections of the lino would, with the information I should be able to collect, enable me to form a correct opinion of the general condition of the whole. "The under bridges and viaducts on the line are maainly constructions of timber, and of timber and wrought iron combined; theyhaveingeneralthreeormore openings; their construction is of the simplest character ;the piers andabutments are single rows of piles, carrying capsills, over which are laid the longitudinal timbers that span the openings and carry the rails; the piles, capsills, and longitudinal timbers are composed of who e balks, and where the openings do not exceed 12 feet they are spanned by single timbers, but where Above that width, the bals have been split down the centre, n a a wroughtiron plate 1 inch in wi hand 12 in depth inserted between the half timbers, and the whole bolned together; when the openings have been veywide, or very oblque, second plate and another half timcer have been added. g"eThe under bridges and viaducts on the line between London and Neorwich are very numeroeus " I e.xamined a large number of them, and the condition whichIfoundallthese, and the reportsIreceivedof the others, satisfy me that those I examined may he taken as a true exoample of the whole. "I Tfound them all in an advanced state of decay and general deterioration; the piles were deeply rotted between wind and water, or wheretheyentertheground;- theirheads decayed and the parts exposed to the weather mpore or less gone; the capsiDls very much decayed, espec'ially on their under sides, and in some instances crushed down on the heads of the piles; the longitudinal timbers likewise much decayedthroughout their length, and greatly gone where they rest on the capsiDs. The planking of the superstructure of aliwas so rotten as tomake it dangerous in many places to walk over them. "All the larer bridges that I examied appeared to have undergone repairs, and to have been strengthened, some years since, by having half timbers added tothe longitudinal timbers, but vbhether these repairswere done with old materials or very infenior timber, the fact is that they are nowv the most decayed portion of the bridges. " Extensive reparations and renewals are at the present time in progress on the brides and permanent way. In the former the piles are bemig fished and the bearigm timbers strutted, the magnitude of the works to be undertaken rendering an immediate renewal hardly possible over the whole extent of the line. When theserepatrs have been or are beig carefully and deliberately exented by closing to the thafac one t ne of rails, so as to allow he extent of decay to be fhllyinvedtcisatedand properlymet, I have every conbidence that they will be suficuent. This has been done at the Noriich end of tin the l re bridges are most numerous and jn a very bad state. lIere one of the lines has been closed for some time, but in those bridges where the reparishave been done without strippig the superstructure, and rateur as a temporary expediont than to meet the necessity of the case, I cannotfeel the same confidence. Xot hnly do all the bridges require to be strutted, the ends of the longitudinal timbers being in many instances decayed tmnrough half their thickmess, but the extent of the decay requires to boe fuzlly ascertaind, especially at all the bearing pats, where tedecayris always the greatest, and theresults t4be apprehended the most serious. This cannot be satisfactorily done, at leastin the largebridges, without rewavyg one-half of the bridge from the traffic, while the other half is undergoing oxm ination. The great deterioration these bridges have undergone from te ravages of decay, with the conseunot reduction of original strength, is a condition o things to cause the most serious apprehension, and until every bridge has undergone a carefuzl overhauling in the manner I have suggested I am of opinion that the public cannot travel overthe rafiwaybetween London, Cambridge, and Norwich without incurring serions risk. The result of my examination of the permanent way was to show that, while vast numboers of old sleepers have been removed and replaced by new ones, evidenced by the great piles of old sleepers lying along the line in. different places, and which wereima state of decay such as I have rarly met with, mpabers yet remain in the lne qute as much gone. Although this is a matter of serious moments itis not so bad asthatof the bridges; forthe sleepers, thouoh niuch decayed, have some souxndness at the cne, and the danger could be met for the time by maintaininga greatly reduced speed over the lne. Should the permanent way not be renewed till after the reparation of the bridges is completed, it will be necessary, for the public safety, to prescribe limita to the sleed of the trains. A large section. of the lne south of Cambridge I found wet and scantily ' hallasted. 3have the honour to bde &co, -=EO. WY2N, Lientenant-Colonel, B.E."j railway Department, Board of Trade WhitehaDl, " Sir,-1' am directed by the Lords of the Committee of Privy Coutncil for Trade to transmit to you the enclosed pursue.~ *1 y Udhaecseaeopy of thes reportwhcteyav toeie beo Lieteanof ther directors that a rph of the report which states that in mousequence of the decayed condition of the bridge on this railwvay Lieutenant-Colonel Wynne iS3 of opinion that the palblic cannot tray thereon without incurring serious "MTyiordsinstructmeto pointoutthattho act 3dana4th of Victoris, chap. 97, under the provisions of whicht they ordered the railway to be inspected, does not empower Stem to take any further steps in the matter, but they direct me to express their opinion that, underthe circumlsinces stated in the report, it is necessary that the subject shouzld receive the immediate and careful consideration of the directors, and mayLords will be ~ladtolear, withaslittleodelay aspossible, the view of the directors as to the course they intend to pursuCe. "MhyL Lords have caulsed a copy of this report to be forwarded to the Mayor and corporation of l.orwich, upon w hose memorial the inspection was ordered. " DOJG.LAS GAITON, Captain, Royal Engineers. " To the Secretary of the Eastern Counties Railway Company."
ALAIRemG ILLiEss Or Lorm ADOLPHuS FzL.41RNCE.-We regret exceedingly to learnthat RearAdmiral Lard Adolphxs Fitzdareuice is in avery critical state, arising from a relapse of gout, from a'stubborn attack of wlhich the noble and gallant Admiral had beon suffering for the last three weeks. On Friday morning he was assa:led by the most serious symptoini, and the gre-test fears were entertained when the members of his Lordship's family learmt from the medical attendants that theirpatient asgseizt wi gout inthe head Iadyf ary Fox and Lady Augusta Gordon Hallyburton have, since that day, been in constant attendance on their brother, and Viscount and 'VIscouiDtess Falldand came to town on, Friday night from. 'their seat in Yorkshire, and have continued with the other *members of the family, who are attending 'hesic&chamber of.his Lordship. His Royai Highiess the Duke of Came bridge called at midnight on-Friday and has called, person. ayydaily at his Lordship's residence in St, James's Place. Her hfajesty and his Roya Highness Prmince iAlbert sent -by telegraphi esterday norning to larn the condition of his Lordsh',and the Duchess of Glocester and the other members of te Hysl family ha,e made anxions inquiries rafter the gallant sufferer. About 3 o'clock yesterday mornmg a 'dccied;cdcaavr *for the better took..place, and his me.dtcal ndfisers holdoutt h'ones of his I ordship's ultimate iecovery, although it could nbt he said lhe waiis out of danger;: ~Tlp-to. ~a into hour LhFt cvemng the Dobu6F& Baiind mtch tloe smel,.ald-thefavosu-mb1ec hnlg,e ioticed early inthe morne-. ilu; continued. -- 2 . .
THE COMMISSrO 2RAS OF 7;E0TEYNAY 3Fl) TEOTryOF L O2VD O. N TO THIE EDITOiz OF THE TMS. Sir,-Observin,g in 2hc 27mc&' of the 22d inst. a violet attack made by Mr. Deputy J&rrison and Mr. Donal NIlOU npon this body at the wardmoe for Cornhi, on Si. Thoraags-day, I must appl to youar5se of justice t give insertion to the following staement... It would appear fromyour report thatfor 'sst of a more exciti topic, and for the purpose of manufacturin ualittle political capitil on the eve of the eledion of a Chafrman of the Metropolitan Board of Worlcs,-for which well-paid offlcf DX Dputy Harrison was a candidate, that gentleman and us colleague, Mr. DonaldNiooll, tho'jlIt it rgh1t to charge the Court of Lieuten-ncy for the City of London'witht "being about to expend between f6o,OODI and 70,0M0. in the erecUon of barracks for the City of London Militia, and, having entered into an agreement to pay for some land 50D. per annum ground-rent and 9,0001. pemiumn." lir. Deputy arrison further stated that "he 1 ia seen the plan of tha buildin, which was equal to any of the West-end clube." Hadthis statement been true, itight ssiblv have deserved the epithet applied to itby Mr. Do acd Ncl,of being " an exerale3O, ut, as It happens to be di1iy oupnosedt truth, it is right that the real facts should be made ~iaonal, in order to disabuse the miunds of the citizeas.of the false ims pressions which they may have been led to form The facts, then, simply are these :-The General Miitia Amendment Act (17th and 18th Victor, chap. 105) enacts that the city of London, in common with all the counties of the united kingdom, aba1 provide fit and proper storeroms for the safe custody of the arms, clothing, accoutre. nents, and ammunition of the militia, and the necessary accommodation for the pernanent staff. The place provided by the city of London was inspected by the inspecting Fieldofficer of Her Majesty's army, and reported to be "insufflcient, insecure, and wholly unfif for the pur pose," and the Commissioners of Lieutenancy being em povvered by the London Militia Act (1 George I., chap. OD) to build head-quarters and other acconmodation for the Boyal london Militia, and defray the ex- teat out of the tropy-t, Her lajesty's Secretary of for War has called upon the commissioners todo, what has been done in the Tower Hamlets, the county of 3Iiddle. sex, and other counties, to carry the law into effect, which the commissioners in the execution of their duty are about to do; and for thatpurpose they applied for and obtained an act in the last session of Parliament to purchase a proper site-being - piece of ground, part of Artillery-place, Cityroad, abutti upon the Artillery-ground, in which the London Militia has, from the time of the old TrainedBands, prior to the .-eign of Charles 1, had a right reserved to them of being trained, mustered, and exercised. It so happens that Mr. Deputy Harr.ison resides in a house overlo6ldng the Artillery-ground, and is said, for certain reasons ofP his own, to have bheen averse to the militia exercising, as accustomed, in their oRn ground. He, therefore, got up an opposition to the b II i the House cf Lords, in which he was defeated, after putting the city and the commission to many hundred pounds' unnecessary expense ; notwithstanding this, he afterwards endeavoured to prevent the further progress of the measure in the Court of Lieutenancy, but found no support except his own seconder; and le now fac. tiously continues his opposition by mak;ing Unfounded statements and misrepresentations to his constituents. 3r. Harrison well knows, as has been proved in his presence, both before the House of Lords and in the Court of Lieutenancy, that it never was intended to erect "barracks" for the city of London Militia, as asserted by him, but simply, as required by the act of Parliament, proper storehouses for the safe custody of the anns, clothing, accoutrements, and ammunition; and head-quarters for the peamanent staff of the Royal London 3ilitia, consisting of the adjutant, the surgeon, and a certain number of sergeants and drommers, in al 53 persons; that it has never been contemplatedto expend between 60,0001W and 70,000T, or the third part of that sum, for any such object; that the rent to be paid by the commissioners for the land taken by them, induding the Artillery-ground and seven houses in Artillery-place, City-road, isnot501)1 perannun, asasserted, but 33. 6s. 8d. per annum; and the premium to be paid to the prebendary of Finsbury and the Ecclosiastical Commissioners for England for a term of 99 years is not 9,0001., but 6,0001. only ; and, so far from a plan equal to any of the West-end clubhouses having been adopted, no plan whatever has as yet been agreed upon. A plan prepared by the surveyor of the commuissioners, in accordance with the requisitions of the Board of Ordnance, was certainly seen by Mr. Deputy arrison in the committee. room of the House of Lords, but that plan was not ap- proved, much less adopted, by the commis--sioners; neither liad it any preteso to compete w*ith any of the WFest-end unnecessary ornament or extravagance, but possesing a certain military character suitable for the obect in view. The plan of the intended building is nowunder the consideration tf a committee, and -wil, erg its adoption, be submitted to the comssioners for their approvaL The grounds of opposition alleged by3tr. Alderman Carter are,that "it is not right to bring so large a number of persons into the cityof the character that the Militiais composed of, which would destroy the value of property in t.he neighbourhood and endangerits morals;-" in ignorance, apparently, that by the ancient privileges of the city the Ni litin cannot be billeted within the city, but have always been quartered in Finsbury, or the neighbourhood of London; and that the morals of the neighbourhoodandof the men themselves must necessarily be improved, rather than injured by proper headEztur being erected, where they may be brought under the immediate inspection and control of their officers; and further, as regards their morals, it is much to the creditboth of the officers and the men, that, quartered so lOng as they have been, since the month of ?ebruary last, in thepnblichonses and beershops in Shorediteb, Worship-street, St. ^Lk-e's, and Golden. lane, exposed to all the temptations of drink and the vorst associates, there should have been-so few offences committed by them. Apologzng forthe length of this communication, I sub. scribe mysel A COflySSIONER WHO, IN DISCHEAGE OF H13 . UY HASI3 AI EMS=hLL ACQUAJYKED 'W=~ TRE FACTS. City Club, Dec. 3L
T0 7TE DIRECTORS OF THE LOiN2DON ANXD SOUTH-WESTERY RAILWAY. [Advert'-ment.] Gentlernen,-I have had considerable experience in railwaymatters, beinu, andhavin been, a proprietor in several companies, and I nave rive t tthe conviction, which is shared by all the observant andreflectingpeople of that class that I know, that railway directors are naturally, necessa rily, and invariably the enemies of their respective companies, and that, independently of their jobbing and bungling in the management of the lines they preside over, vwhich is to be expected as a thing of coursewbere peoplo undertake duties they are cnqualdled to perform, the destructive influence we have to com pain of is their incessant endeavour to drive or cajole shareholders into speculations foreign to that origial nndert aing the management of which is intrustedto them. The Brighton, the South-Eastern, the Eastern Counties, the North-Western, and the Great Western, all exhibit the lamentable result of this destractive instinct; and how stands it with ourselves? The London and South-Western Proper would pay on the capital expended in its formation at least 10 per cent., then we have tho Iichmond, six miles long, which is equally good, hut that ws no scheme of ours, -it ws made byMlr Chadwvick and others, and w;e bought iS; but our directors have induced ns to make U oth;er lines. let us see how they have turned out:Andoverrans -. .. lmile -Alton ditto - .. .. lan15 Thee lire, mats 46 mIes. Houslowa loopp 6 duc6ve ofnotbiogrutav Chertsey , 3 zalr.ne Gildf?d -. These four, nmaldng 29 Mile, nWmdsor - Iaje J=. . . t prpduz yaboutiperoeM. Hampton-cout .. .. 2eJ Portsmouth - ..mUilesThw two, m7akng 4B musa, SalIsbmsby Dishopgetoe .. mmiles) abonautpericn. Dorchester .. .. .. 63mUes 3i per cenLt. So that even the last, which is the best of the whole lot pays little more than half the value of money at this time. and, aftera, the board have now the audacity or insanity to askyou to make anewline, 90mileslong, from the quiet little ecclesiasticl borough which Mr. Chaplin represents to the quietlittle towe Exeter, which has neither tuede, manufactures, nor commerce to boast of, ana which line would be carried through a country without towns, manufactures, coa, and other mierals; indeed, it night be said withoutinternaltraflicof any sortl Why, gentlemen, it would beas rationalto ask you to makea railway from Stonehenge to the Peak of Derbys}ire! I have examined the sections of the line and find that the country presents extraordinary engineering difficulties. There must be cuttings 60 feet deep, enormous embanl;ments, long tunnels, gradients so steep as to be totally unfit forrapid traffic; and, to crovn all, 50 miles of the line-viz., fron Yeovil to Exeter-will have to compete with a broad gauge line, a very few miles longerthanthis, which line is now in full work ! Then younare told that the linle can be made for 1,OD,OOOI. ! I knowi rom experience what these round -omputations mean; and I knovv also -the further liability from that little item "sundries" in contractors' accountsvir., an addition in the sequel of some 30 or 40 per cent. overthe original c mtract. Your Dorchester line was estimated and contracted for at 450,000.-its actnai costwas 620,00it; the Birmingham line, 113 miles, was estimated at *4500,0001.-it cost more than double thatsum; andbrcad, and iron, and gold, whichare the elements of these works, are as dea^r nowvaIsever. Butb it may be said, admitting all this, the alternative imposed upon you-namely, the coast line-. that is to say, the pledge line-is worse. Isitso? Then, whydid Mr. Scott and- the directors of his day canvass for votes for making it' Irnemeber their dreary speeces praising it, recommending it, urging us to make it as a msost desirable line- linetht would bevery remunerative, and endeavouring to force it upon us bg aii the comon pcs bf directorial rhetoric-lead upon lead-tm the weight seemed to be overpowering. I ask further, do the parties lpedged to the coast ine now ean-to give4heir proxies for the ruinous scheme at present proposed in lieu Of it? vingfearfully:dam dthe concerndonceard cAn they deterane topart=tlh thelr proxies p discussion, in direct oppositinto theiieviousp1edje : I confeEssthat I bave unob at -opinion of theco et-line-Ind Ihvenot to regrebt pvngaPledgefortheformato of it, b~tibt-tis immeasrably less disadvantageous thau -the scheme ifthe present directors; and frther, if you - void their trip by voting for -the coast-line, you are vefy likel totscapema1dngeither. . - * I amn,Gentlemen, your faithful aerat. : London, Jan. 5. JOHN DIOl1fSQON. SO3METD G LTE= A tc- -o -- fr J P lIeywood, of the firm of A. Heyworod, Sons, and Co., ex. l we bankers, aiverpool, has given -the handsome sun of 1,0 gineaes, to be dvided iimnong -the clerls and acp?oi&of the establshtnent, aaatiimely aid to hel/M, as clerks ic!tb_ 1~ 5adaZarie.i, durng the pressure cause b3't var,
MfOKW-MAR?KETatzi CITYIKTRLUIGENfCE. Satuiay Li There hls been scarcely any businessin the sh fundz to-day, and they have shown continued heavnew. Consols, which left offvesterday at 871 to i. openedat87to i, andrenainedwithout theightest j fuctuation to the cloee of the day. Money wsu comparativelyeasy,andshortloans couldbe 6btained at 5 per cent. Bank Stock left off at 206 to 207; Reduced, 87* tot; NewTbre per Cents., 84 toi; 3;ng Annuitieis, S&; Annuities, 1885, 1*, Ex- chequer-bonds, 97 to i; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bills, 9s. ta 4s. discount. Foreign secur were generally without alteration, and the trnsactions were limitd Turkish Six per Cents, were negotiated at 81* and i, and the final quotation was 81 to i. Theme was an absence of business in the Guaranteed Four per Cent. S;rip, but it was nominally marked 3§ to B dis. The other operations comprised-Brazlhan Five per Cents., New, 97k; Chilian Scx per Cents., 101; Mexican, for account, 20 and 19k; SpanishThbre per Cents.,tfor the account, 5 8f ; the New Deferred, foraccountg 2a t ande; Passive, 7o and 7;and Outch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this everdng were 6Sf. for mnoney,-and 6Sf. lSc. for the end of the month, showing a preponderance of spctive sales, and a fal} of a half per cent. The railway meetings of the week have presented few features of interest. With regard to the SouthWestern Company, it appeas it has been determined to recommend the adoption of the Yeovil route to Exeter, and to carry out the arrangement with the Salisbury and Yeovil Company. The report of the Dundee and Arbroath has been received as satisfactorv', and the dividends declared are at the rate of Si per cent, per annum on the guaranteed shares, and of Scu per cent, per annum on the ordinary shares. d he question of the agreement with the Aberdeen and Scottish Midland Companies for leasing the line is shortly to be reconsidered. The arrivlas of spece this week have amounted to te0,000., of w;hich only 125,0001. is gold. The shipments have reached about dct,OOOLt The mercantile letters from Mexico to-day state that the country contnues in a most unsettled condition, without any prospect of improvement; and that business was consequently stagnant. The leaders of the revolution have shown the usual absence of ability for the administration of public affiairs, and w ere rapidly becoming unpopular. In- tead of init-iating any of the promised reforms, their sole attention had been directed to dividing the various offices of the Goverinnent among themselves and their followvers, wlithout any question of fitness. At the same time they are alleged to have proved themselves to be as arbitray and despotic as any of their Corst predecessors; and the Governors of the different States, having each in turn followted the excample,were nowi again actingas s o many petty Sovereigns. A decree had been published to convoke a General Congress, but it rwas feared some fresh outbreak would intervene. The subjoined is an abstract of advices received by the Committee of Mexican Bondholders - al The committee have advices from tr.Whitehead, dated Mfexco, the 3d ult. the political Estae of the country stil leaves agood deal to be desired. The rumour that Mratamoros bad been taken by Carbaja6 is probably unfounded; Mut Tamspico vhere General Trconis commands, was besieged by General Gar, althouagh both profess obedience to the Centrnl Govermnent. hor want of hard dollars the agents of the bondholders there vere consequently unable to remit about a9,ceo which they had in hand. The Tyne, however, brings $60,000 from vera Cirun for the dividends, andthe comomttee haoe advices of the shipment of $97 Gures nth, and of t8,602 from lastlan by Her 3Eaistys sip risk." The annexed relates to the debt of Ecuador:"c 3, fustinrTrs, Jan. 5. "iThe Commission of Agency have this day received a furthe remittance on account of the dividend fund in gills for 4n3-0u, making the total amount receivedto this date The following note describes some partial pro gress on the part of the South-Eastern Railway in mitigating the defective arrangements of their continental thratlem That the company now appear alive to the necessity of prompt improvement seems to be admitted by the persons who have lately put themselves forward on behalf of the travelling community to expose the grievances which had become intolerable. At the same time some of their rcent movements are alleged to have been extremely questionable. Within the last week leters havc been rece*ied from well-informed correspondents, the statements inwhich appear tobe supported bythe local papers, to the effect th ththe post of harbour-master at Folketone, the duties of which are of great importance to the public safety, have been improperly taken out of the hands of an experienced naval officer, without any apparent motive on the score of economy on the one hand or consideration for the public service on the other. The general circumstances connected with this step are also describedto be far from creditable to the company, or to their rense of what is due to thosewho serve them. eaow far these assertions are correct the directors can themselves judge, but it is right to notice them, because a system IS growing up among many of our mismanaged public enterprises analogous to that which prevails politically in the Uenited States, Bhere on the manim that to the victor belong the spoils, every faithful servant under one admlinistration as diseissed to rewdard the intriguers under another. "Sir,-I have readwith much interest the various statements and remarkswshich haveappeared in and e s iees relative to the accommodation of the traffic between Follcestone and Boulogne; and, while concurang in the view that has Oein expred ofbthe necessity of increased facilities, Ithio k it onily just to notice the efforts the South-Easterna Company we making to h prove the packet service. hIfrequentlyaave occasionto cross the Channel, and, whle recentiy malliag the paesage from Folkestone to Bologne on beard the Princess Clementine, I noticed wFit satisfaction the many improvements that have been made in the fittings and arrangementsof the vessel, including benches on deck amidships, nearly covered in and sheltered from the weather by a sort of platform betoeen the paddleboxes. I understd that spieararreugements are to b mde in the her passenger boats, whilemeasures are being takento keep the goods' trahc totaily independent of thearrangements for bhe conveyance ofypaCsThiettalForets ardecrew steamer especally asdoFaoed ithi the grei as eren purchaed,lanits is inrontempationto buy another. Passengers will thus no longerfin the decks of the fast steamers crded up eth packBges, and these vessels il probablyrbe entirelyleft free for the quAc conveyance of passengers, for which they are meorothly cflinet, and for which alone they were originally constructed. i'n I am, Sir, your obedient servant, Etatistics of the coal trade of London for the past year, just prepared byl Mr. J. R. Scott, show that ie total importation into the metropolis was 4,177,963 tons, of wHich 3,016,868 tons were seaborne, the remaining1l,161,085 having been brought by railway, &c. this total presents a decrease of 198,817 tons, ass compared wvith the great importation of 1854, snce although the quantity by railway ehiits an improvement of 183,876' tons, there m fal Lng offof 382,693 inthatby sea, the latter circumstance being partly attributable to the removal of a nmuber of screwv steamers from the trade for more profitable employment as transiDorts under Government. The following are the nuiibers of cargoes of sea-borne coal.5 sold by the principal factors-namely, Hill, Wood, and Hughes, 1,969 cargoes; Dixon, Hars, and An3gier, 1,040; Hugh. Taylor 992; Miarsha'll and Page, 734; Charleton and Wtatson, 634; Stephenson Clarke, 627; Smith, Scurfield, and Co., 436; Winliam. Eilnes and Co, 434; F. D. Lambert, 316; Mliller and Potter, 284M; arnd Fenwick-, Laroche, and Stobart, 284 ATe annexed information relative to the progress of 3lglish miniinzg adventure iY condensed from the Miniay Journala:_ lhe,~imng share-mnarket has worn a dull asn,'4 this v-eek,-d,S e11ers have lpred0minated prices generallyrule lower. 2be dividends paid on 22 mines, during December, have'nao-led to 37,541! At East Pool meeting the ac. counts shomed a balance iu favour of adventurers of 676! - £Ldividend4f 21. lOs. per share was declared. At Whea .ity (Uny lebet) meketing the accounts showed a balance infAvcarofad&vmt6ers of 526!,; Al dividend of 2!. per shar "aec aed. At Condurrow eting the accounts showed a ba!ance in favonr of adventurers of 535.; a dividend of 2 ,. per share kas dedared. The Foxdale Mines (Isle ofMan) ave paid a dividend of . por share. At West Wheal Prov~idence meeting-the accounts 'showesla balanceein favour of adventurers of 1,295.; a divid('nd of iNs per share was declared. At the Mining Compan - of Ireland meeting the accounts showed a profit on the'i nonths' working of 21616!.; the balance available fo,s diviend waas7462.; a dividend at the rate of* 14s..per shrare was dec;lard The yEY Mn es have declared adi,vidend of lOs. per share. At Trehlae meeting the accounts showed a ialuze in favour of rdverturersof -o-.;adividend of 5s pcerShorewasdeclared. A STnlcTn ft rmne m eeting the accounts sL' 0 balance in fIvour of the mine of 5,583!. At Wheal Aruhur meeting the tnbts sho-ed alnce in favour of themine of 2j,0 MAtelant Consols meeting the accounts showed a belancoe against adventurers of 168.; a ll of 6U. per'- shre w as d At South Dolcoath and Carn hen Conso s mAetin tEe accoata sho 7ed a balance in favour of advenio rers o as wW heal showed a acalof 2e P-er sh baz4> l fayour of t?he minle of 7kl., a c&l1 of b sare nP~; made. At Great Sheba Consols meeting {no accounts showed a balance against the mine of 40?. At West C',ilacombe meeting tae accounts sbowed a balance sgan,. the mine of 221t.; a call of 2s per siare ra made. At, forth Wheal Gilbert lueeting the acoRunts showed a Xalance against adventurers of 136!.; calls to the extent of about 5s. per sharewere made. At Trumpet Consoli meeting the accounshoweda abalance againstadvenurers of 682!. At North Pool meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 455! At South Wheal Ellen meetig a call of 31. per share was made. At Cae-Cynon meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of I1. ; a call of Is. per share was made. At Gonamena meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 669!. At Craddock -Moor meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 4441. ; X call of 11. per share was made. At Wheal Margaret meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 839.; a dividend of 7T. per share was declared." With regard to foreign mining the subjoined parAgrah is the only one of interest. "The Kaptmda (South Australia) miines will, it is expted, shortlyresnme their activity. The ore raised during M855was 452 tons, of an average produce of 20 690; during 1854, 744 tons, average produce 25O748 during first six months of 1855, 955 tons, average produce 18-720; while the ore raised within the last two months will amount to about 620 tons. The average number of men employed during 1853 was, on tutworl; 28, on tribute 14; during 1854, tutwork19, tribute 29; during first half of 1855, tutwork 25, trnbuto 69; and the numbers at present employed on tribute are, we are informed, 97 men and five boys. The reduction in the average quality of the ore raised the last six months is owing to the resumption of the smelting worla, and the raising, in consequence, of lower produce ores than before. At the West Mariposa Gold meeting a resolution was unanimously adopted, appointing a committee to take steps to wind upthe company in the Court of Chancery, unloss the directors enter into,a definite agreement to return not less than 4s. 6d. The following is from thme New Granada Company "The New Granada Company has received, per Tyne, gold dust valued at 9001. tnine hundred pounds), the produce of its mines of Frontmno and Bolivia for the month of October last.' And the following is from the Mexican and South American Smelting Company - " The directors have received advices by the Tyne from their establishnients in Chili. From Herradura Works, under date Nov. 15, it is reported that the smelting is proceedingwell, and that there is copper and copper regulus ready to Iced the two ships next expected. Erom Tongoy Works, it is reported abot 150 tens of copper regulus await shipment. From Caldera Works, under ate Nov. 17, it is reported that they are short of sulphorets, that cargoes of ores are arriving from Huaco and Bolivia, that nearly 500 tons of silver stnff had been reduced in the month, and that a cargo of silver and copper regulus was ready for the incomin ship. The Eulojia, and Guimaraens and est were unloadingcoals, and the Catalina discharging ores. The company's steamer Anne had, on the 15th of November, arrived at Herradura. Since the last advices the W ll lMarnland has arrived at Swansea, with 70 tens of copper and 340tons of copper relus from Eerradura Works. The Parga has arived with 260 tens copper regolus and 50 tons of argentiferous regulus from Clera Vorks, and the IJnited, vwith 7tens of copper and 300 tens of copper regulus, anda 40 tons argentiferous regcIus and ores from Herradura The Emig,ration Conmissioners have advertised for a vessel to proceed to Adelaide, to be ready for passengers between the 18th and 25th of February next, as may hereafter be determnined.
XTHE IVIGHTINGALE TESTIMOIAL. TO TH EDITOR -OF THE ETIMS. Sijr,-If "E. M." would favour us 'with his name, we might Ieaxn to what " school of theology" he belongs - and then we should probably discover that the " other han4" in which he would have " the matter placed," were not alto. gether free from a"smack" of proselytism. For myf own part, I utterly disclaim the most distant wish to see thsnational testimonial prostituted to the partisanship of "schools of theoloegy-,' and so I think dioes Mr. BracebrMid's corrsndent, who is only anxious that Wmi Nightingae sho ili{ left free. I have not the honour of being a "promoter" of the testimonial. I have only venturedl to suggest that the sick po of my district stand in sore need of nurin; and that Ifeel the pressing want of naurses not onlywlling hut able to nurse I have ventuxed also to adld that, if 3Mis lightin. gale's institutfion shall promise to be. a school in whic such women may be trained, it will prove a great blessing tomre, and a testimonia not unworthy of her. If "E WI" were a working clergyman, he would perhaps understand the need which I have expressed. I may hope that he would also understand that nursing the sickpor is not "1apufipose of proselythin ;" and that MissNightigl' institution will do lttle fi ilntafr otannre for the poor of his "sho ftelg"a ela fmn it is thsodium kooieawchheanstmral our works of love. or aihnl JAMES sKntNEIL I c;, DaaDs rarsonage.
THE DuxE oF Ru naD s TANDms.- A deputation: of the tenantry of the Dake of Rutlamd waited pon ltis Grace, at Belvoir-castle, to p resent an address, begging him tiO sit for lisa portrait to Mr. Grant, R.A., for th tofd Durp,-Wf tpresenttg theDukewith hisgpictre and enabing hos terants to possss a likenress of his Grace The deputationy were receivad ay the Duke of Ruttland, Lord J. Mlanner, and the Revr. F. N orman. The address was as follows ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ad lowI sP the Lod uk,We tetry otdeosinexd, rersnting the wishes of The tukenty onfyou Gad whot being esifferousfrom0inlis- Goe mementoI of you thace, ned ati the nam time InineneTour toaffetio towsou yh eooursld eanesl reqepsete gthat yudGe witll conIentvadase to ettfer pota,from om which weoma have atpintda mcadeL tohe. potrait we opeour Grchpaci thul acceptgatnd allow ith pflae on toelion, depunted Lord n .. Tanners to read for him the following answer to the address:- doersom h - a m ure tp that I nme g n me I reeiveand ssen altherowoeIca whaich you haewthi day mearde owhith paeerthey oingtonebuponunhepileaod o ts&riDosdof vatherwelftreoenms tenandrb.a whtomainc my onthar flth nuelatous ofandtrlfrsectiableood u mPe e k m for; whom you raeprgeen pof e thmat eimstene hare ifomeba quaity worthyofnoticelecalthoughe cancing fonor omys aong s riegaI thesubect whave bings ymore cononanton th my owan feeaing and anreous desiieAtomprfmotd the zelfarofmUy tenan th.adt wkotzmavea willre Met haolese aen. cn Irowiequcel tgleve mxpeamon ou for fe'ag wictger peel thainemrmostheaerte oIhuan eistence.anuslftliate ,een grane theme, as sele asmYt convicticn iLhu olongirdcfIch a oteldno hsat benactltocn by feengs of oblitatiohon as eel ns o snorle attening letomselfonthey farmil tandeosi thtwic frou have ffere exemptedby thei,ran skiaudequaterye and ocprest on to feein wGmie elofromquett h n e mot ea,rt i abetofenum aset the arnlord is tonneed wi attry utesean any attri bute to rtha f ws otthe porter of thbehoe of ceug cmde moteoer, is ere,-t tblPnm thme las elaycnvcit thatthdGah sok eeelnteo f, eiC aisen thCerehetsupon bythebenandarydutnibiitya frmwe hac teportrait for beh yodomt onu toxsk etoe alt s anobei lleist~ and t his xent r at2tribues as a teanpt s enter- sht5Se; ; hc the fothr kcm endt of bei;!ng conected. wineb Is
RALLWAY INZELLIGENCE. TAT.RV ANDb T.ARDIR It is proposed to construct a cheapxailway froui the Glasg ow and South-Western Railway at Dairy, passing near West Eibride and Fairlie, toLarg&. Resolutions approving the proposed line were passed at meetings of the inhabitants of =an d other places in the district through which it is ntended to pass. COWBRIDGE A SOUTHIE WALES JUNCTION. A meeting of the inhabitants of Cowbridge was held on Tuesday to consider the propriety of supporting a project for maidng a railway from that town to the South Wales Railway; Mr. Carne, the Mayor, presided. the CHAnsNui explained that an application had been made to the directors of the South Wales Company for cooperation and assistance in promoting the undertaldng. They had received aletter in reply, stating that the South Wales Company viewed the present movement with much satisfaction, and that they would afford every facility in their power, and co-operate with them in obtaining an act, but that they could not offer pecuniary asistance as the prevailng opinion of shareholders was against their doing so. Expenditure on branch lines was considered to be unfavourable to the success of main lines, but they thought there was no reason why the proposed line should not prove remunerative if constructed at a moderate cost. He thought, however, that the South Wales Company ought to have said something more in favour of a scheme which, if carried out, must prove a feeder to the South Wales line. Mr. D. EDWARDS said that the committee appointedat a meeting held on the 6th of December last had caused a prited circular to be addressed to the lando%vners along the mine, and, with the exception of one gentleman, who stated that he was opposedto alrailways, the replies were decidedly favourable; He also considered the reply of the South Wales board as very satisfactory. It appeared to him that great mistakes had been made by large companies inthe construction and management of branch lnes, and that caused shareholdess to believe them to be unremunerative. Several objeots had been made to items in the statement of the estinated traffic, Some being said to be too large, and others too smanl, but, on the whole, the total sum estimated was not altered. Resolutions in favour of the scheme were unanimously adopted, and the proceedings concluded with a vote of thanks to the chairman. MTTDLAND GREAT WESTERN. The Dublin Mail states that the directors of the Midland Great Western Railway Company cmne to the conclusion on Thursday of advancig 12,501. to the promoters of the North-Western Railway project, in order to enable them to make the necessary Parliamentary deposit, provided that a similar sum be forthcoming from their own resources. The Midland Company, in addition, are to apply for powers to make a line from Longford to Strokestown, the NorthWestern Company undertaking the continuation from the latter town to Castlebar. MANCHESTE)3 SHEFFILD, AND LNCOLWNSRR The half-year's accounts of this company are in process of balance and audit, and will be sent out to the shareholders on the 15th inst., the meeting of the company beibg on the 23d inst. In the meantimethe directors state that, after payment of working expenses and other outgoings, they expect to have a balance of net profit, including 7,6791. re ceivedfrom the Post-office, which will enable them to ay debenture interest, canal annuities, and preference dividends in full, leaving about 17,0001- available for dividend on the ordinary stock of the company. RISIH RAILWAY RETURNS. MADEU s TO rTIM RESorEvE DATES AS rNDZR. 1855M. 1854 Na=e of .IS5way . 5. d e. a 0. 3elfast and Balynmena, Dec. 29.. 748 1 .. 667 1 10 Celfa andCountyDowu, De. 30 - 221 7 22119 4 Co* and Bandon, Dec. 20 .. . . 19S O 0 156 0 0 Cork, Blaclnock, and Pa5ge, Doc. 29. 172 4A11 132 4 8 DublinandBelthtJunctrn,Der-30 1,26312 7 892 411 InteestEaanABranch.0 .. .. 99 0 0 29 0 0 DublindDroghed&a Dec.30 .. 1,14419 2t 9S8 3 41 Dubin and Kingsown, Jan. 1 .. 1,013 15 9 .. 6,2 13 5 Dublin and Wicklow. Dec. 29 .. 367 19 2 .. 167 4 9 Great Southern and Wsteem Dc29 .5,49 14 8 .. 4,ns 19 9 LimbSouth-EasteTn,Dec.29 . 149 4 6 .. 16518 1 XlflarneyJunction, 29 .D...2 21013 7 17 7 5 Iendondendy andEnniin,Dec.29.. 2 6 1- 40011 I Midlnd Great Wester, Dec. 30D.. .. 2,653 9 10: 212 10 4 l7ewmy WarrenDout. and Roetrer Dm 33 ....... ...44 -a ° ..55 ° O lster,Dec.30.. 1,140 a I .1093 4 2: Waterfeordandlkenny. Dec.29 .. 173 0 0 . 220.0 0 Waterford and IAmeri*c De29 .. 87016 01 8£8 6 4 WaterferdandTramore. Dec.29 .. 26 0 0 .. 26 0 0
RURA.L POLICk. TO -THE 2EDITOR OF THE TDdES.- Sir,-In Mx. Poel's. letter, inserted per of yesterday 3ornixt;as well nlr inyour'prvouset on ..tis quetion I observe tlat.the }1orth2Itding of Yorkshire is stated to posges a ruraI polim& The contri~y is the fact. Thexqestion. has on. two occasions boem brought forward at the orth Riding quarter sesid6s; and on bolth thoesme ocsions the magistrates in favour of-the ektab]ish~ment of a rral porlice were defeatea. As one of. the ml- ority on both ocaso yuwi perha allow roe to correct the error. of yourWet' Ridig correspoude0tg I eclIosemy cardaccordingt,oyour ruae~,and remaini,Sir,' Your obecient ssi+e A d U:Y '1U.K OF THE PEAE FORt THE MAoTH r3DlG OF YOMMUM. Jan. 4.
DREIAND. ' LEQA.L PROMOlON. - (mRo.M OUR OWNv cORRESrO?lm7.'. DnRT.T RATrTpfAV- -Mr.'MatthewBausse Q.C., formprlyCrownprosecutor on the Leinster arcuit, has been appointed to a seat on the judicial bench. at Bombay. The salary is 0,000. a-year; 'and Sir William Jeffcott, Recorder of Penang, another member of the Irish bar, had been recently promoted to that office, but died before he had heard of bic advanlcement. Bly the promotion of Mr. Sausse the ch aiahi of the county of Wexford becomes vacant, and an opportunity will be thu1s afforded lf stisfying the claims of some lucky barrister having a valid clim upon the patronage of the Irish Goverment The Dublin Eenitig Post hMs the following statement with respect to the appointmnent, which, from all that can be learnt, is eminently popular. It is reported as probable that Sir Colnan O'Loghlen will, by the elevation of MIr. Sausse, succeed to a chairmanship of a county, though, perhaps, not of Wexford, which is one of the most lucrative in the gift of the Government "Itimuit be higly gratiifying to one so eArnestly and undeviatingly devoted to tne gpod of Ireland as Lord Carlisle, to find that, his. Viceroyalty, a longexting grievance has been removed; and, we doubt not, mainly by his habitual exertions for the advantage and prosperity of every class of Irishmen. That the chief s-eretary, Mr. Roreman, afforded'earnest co-operation we feel every assurance fom his consistent and ardent support of complete equality for Ireland. Mr. Vernon Smith, the present Secretaryof the Boardof Control, isdeserving of the merit of being tnefirst who has yielded to the ustice ofthis claim'by appomting to the vacant seat on the Indi:n bench a nexnberof the Irish bar. The gentleman selectedis Mr. Matthew 31. Sausse, Q., who has been for some years assistant-barrister for Wexford, where, as our in3tmate knowledge of that county enables us to s3ate, his zealous, most efficient, and upright disdlarge of his judicial duties had won for him the respect and confidenoe of all clawes of the community. Mr. Sausse is the first Catholic whose name will appear inscribed on the judicial roU of India ; andsofarcertainly the Government of Lord Palmerston deserv-es the credit of practically carrying out the principles of the Emancipation Act. O'Loghlen was the first Catholic judge who sat in Ireland for a century and - half, and nobly did he vindicate the right of his co-religionists to fiBl that office, by the universal satisfaction which he gave-by the affection with which his memory is revered. Hispupil and friend; Mr. Sausse, willbe the first Catholic who has ever occnpied the judgment seat of our noble empire of India. This simiarity of position and the reation between them isnot alittle singular. A moreilustrious example in the dischargeof the judicialfumctions than the late Sir -Michael O'Loghlen no judge could place before him; and we trust that we shall yet be able to say that it has been in India a model for imitation. Mr. Sausse will carrywithhim, tothe new sphere of his duties, wishes of his brethren of the Irish bar of all sections, and he will possess the enduring attachment of every man acqwuanted with his rectitude of purpose, and the frnkness and honourable feeling by hich he has beendistinguishedin professional as well as In private life." THE SKrPnlvG DE OF BELFAST. The Belfast papers publish the annual list of the vessels registered in the Customs' revenue, as arrived at thatportonthe ]Lst of January, 1856. From this sem-official document it trnspires that the commercial relations of the past year have been less favourable to speculation in the ship pig trade than in either of the two years precedinags the present war. The Norfetn 717ig, the leading mercantile authority in Belfast, observes:- " To the continuance of that war, indeed, the declne of our foreign trade, and the decrease of our tonnage, are, in a great degree, to be attribute. The raw material requiredfor the staple manufacture of Belfast and of UlIster has,hitherto, to a large extent, been imported from the Baltic ports of Russia. These ports have, for the greater part of the last two years, been closed against us by lockrade; and the Russian produce, flax-which we cannot possibly do without-reaches us through Memel and other =.rusdan ports-with all the heavy expenses of overl'and transit added to the enhanced original cost of the article at the port of shipment. Tihe year 1855 has been one of Fecnliar and trying local depression in a commercial way. Lheinercantile reverses of our own and of other ports have caused a more than usual number of vessels-some of them of the largest tonnage-to change hands and to become the property of owners in other ports. There, has, besides, during the past year been profitable employmentfor vessels of large tonnage in the Government transport trade; and several of our best vessels, including two first-class paddle, one first-class screw, and one tug steamer-have been chartered at remunerating freights. We regret to.observe that, while the tonnage owned at the port decined during 1855, the amount of tonnage which entered the port during the same period exhibited a corresponding aggregate decrease. The ship-buildin- trade of Belfas has sufferedlittle, if anydeterioration. lthough there have been only two vessel launched during the year, nearly all the shipwrigigts of the port have been fxlly employed. The busiuess of Iron ship-building, revived two years ago by Messs. Hickson and Co., has been continued.with spirit,the firmhaving launched a vessel of 1,690 tons' register about two mouths since, and having another of 2,700 tons at present in frame. The Belfast Shipbuilding Compan, on the slip on the Queen's Island, have in frame a first-class cipper East Indiainan of nearly 1,000 tons' register. A number of our best and largest vessels, usually engaeed in the foreign trade not of our own port, but inthat prncipally of Liverpool and Loudon-7have been so employed for a considerable tinie past. largE )IINIas XNEnBRISE . '' At the' half-yearly meeting of the Irish }fining Company held yesterday a verysatisfact6ryrepoit was read, showing avery prosperous condition of the' copper, lead, and coal mines. The profits for the half-year, after paying for permanent improvements, are 11,6161., outoof which4,1oof.hnsbeenpaitfore Glendalough estate-a most valuable property for mining as well as agricultural purposes-leaving a sum of 7,462t , out of which a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent, for the year was declared. nthe northern portion of the s6ingsCountg continues at the mercy of the Iliband conspilrators and,' although the catalogue of crime perpetrated there since t he commencement of the winter seasori does not include actual murder, outrages of the second magnitude are unhappily as 'frequent as they-were 15 years ago in the adjacent North-Riding of Tipperary. The- Eing's County,' however, is fortunately the exception to the tranquillity which prevails in every other part of the kingdom-the old hotbeds of northern' Rbandism' inclusive-and, as the Irish Eiecutive cannot be justly charged with supineness, it is probable that this blot on the face of the social system will ere long be obliterated. The Eveming Mail of iast night, referring to- the disturbed county, says:a " A voluntary undertaking was made some weel-s aeo Nty a landholder, who was supposed to possess considerabWe influence over the agrarian. mmd, that a number -of trastworthy men would come forward by a certain day and enrol themselves as speal constables for the preservaf.on of life and property. In the intveim, however, another persorage, of undoubted influence over the same spirits, =araNued the populace, and, consequently, wvhen the day of pacific muster arrived, not a single pecial constable appeared. Since that time the aictive instruments of te conspiracy, who had previously tuaned day into night with their nefarious deeds of blood, havebeen diligent in turning night into day by felonious conflagrations. The eiecutive Government thought to- convince them that a course of agrarian outrage would be. worse' for themselves,- and with that view -a strong body of police was stationed, at the expenise of the local ratepayers, upon the district e- cently' outlawed by the =mrderous- a ttc pion Messrs Beamisbottom and Beauchamp. But so cosdent are the insurgents in the righteousness of their cause, or in the assurances which they receive from its supporters of its ultimate success, that one night last week they proceeded to dstroy the means possessed by the farmers for meeting theincreased taxation. - Two cornstaces 'belonging to industrious and well-affected men -were set on fire lst Thursday,and 'With much difficulty preserved from total destruction by the owners and the members of their respective families' not any of the suounding peasantry having offered to lend a hand in extinguishing the flames. Terror reIgns through' out the whole district; 'many fanuilies,though compelled topay,for the maintenance of the a'dditional police force "re'dy mentioned, 'have established night "'ar1s (as the RigwS Coun4, CrnileC)' to 'protettheilropperty, an'd several farmers are converting into money the proceeds' of the harvest wvhich they intended to hold over.'"t TEn POTATO CROP OF 1855 The ear Examiner states that 'the quantity ofpotatoes at present to be found in the possession of the farmers throughout the countrygenerally greatl' exceeds the estimate formed at the close of the harvest. It appears that in the. rural. districts 'of Cork buiness ainong the dealers'in Indian --me;a haa fallen off to- a very renarkable exnt. - Iage quntr Vo poate arrive -dal , .Pint.s Jcity quanotit eof potatoes -arlive- dailvi t4e c ity- by the Great Southern and Western'alway fonm the midland counties, on some occasions.to. theamount of 80 tonrs *The retai pries, however, ibave not' as yet dimshed. - TIE XILXEE CATASTROPRE. The body of the ill-fated' Mss Smithwick, daughter of Mr. E.'Smithwi d;, of ShanbalIy near Nenagh, wais washed ashore at Kilkee on gonday,. in a terriblymutilated state. A portion of theskulf and dress were first seen,- and the. body was so66 afterwards cat ashore. I mmediate inteligencee was conveyed to M3r. Smithwickj w ho lost iLo time 1"'i Lgoing -to Kilkee, where a cooroner's inquest*ias h6ld on WYednesday on the remains of the latitentod lady. The remains of Colonel Peppar have no' yet been found, Tlsee 'er Ccxinsoinos87;dittffrc og,,J anuary8, 86j,8787j ¢X ; NewThree per (lent. Stock sP 87 87k; ditto, for ccount, January 8, 8 86~77j Ba1nlc Stoc, 218 ex.div., Eiing Company of' Iind 47 paid), for account,: 13j, Raiways-Dublin and Dui$heda, New Thirds (25g rid,18 ;. Dablin and WVclow (10a. paidJ 5 ; Great Sou ni and Western (5O!. psidi, 5 ; dit' *3ightJ, 6 per cent. Preference (6g. 5& pid), 7T; -}id land Great Westem and Royal Canal (502. p-id) 49. -IRLH BANK RETURNS. Average Amount of Bankaotes in Circulstion and of Coini h81d duriFg tbe Pour Weeks ending Saturday, tho 22d of December.
WHE MITIA. | TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TM S. Sir,-In a recent article you point out the expediency of holding out sufficient inducements to the officers of the zailitia to exert themcelves in procumng volunteers for the line. I feel cerainthatif Goverment wouldaacept theservice of regiments of miliia, allowing the officers under certain conditions to retain theirpresentzrank, thegreaterporiom of the regiments of militia inthe united idngdomwoull volunteer en mauc. There existsin many of those regiment of militia, wrhiclh have been sometime embodied, a strong feeling of attach. inent between the men and the oficers, and an ceprit dcg cespa which keeps them together, the result of which is, that the recruiting officerof the line seldom gets any of the best men, bat merely iclks apthe most worthless and dissipated. LBt if the men are asked to follow their own of 6, cers, I venture to say thatthe resit will.be very different. and that the Mionister of War wil have at his di*sIosl a fine body of disciplined men for the campaign of neit spring. The principal objecionthat can be urged against this plan is, that many officers in militia regiments have not a suffi- cient knowledge of their profession to qualify them for the. rn -which they hold. It would, however, be quite easy to obviate this objectiom by instituting a strict professional examination, to be conductedly,officers appointed by the Horse Guards, which every one would be required to pass before having his ric confirmed. Ido not mean a merely theoretical examination, but that the inspecting officersshould ascertain thatthe field offcer are able io handle their battalions in any position in which theymay be placed, and that they have a sufficient knowledge of brigade movements to enable them to command a. regnment in brigade. And that the captains and subalterns are thoroughly acquainted with all the details of company and battalion drill. I would also suggest that Government should not accept. of the services of any battalion under 800 stroAg. lnmost regiments some officers of each rank would beuable to pass the stringent examination I: have recoinmended, while others would not find it convenient to go abroad These commissions would be at the disposal of the Commander-in-Chief, and he would thus have anepportunity of promoting old officers in regiments in the colonies, without putting them over the heads of young officers in the Crimea, who, though their service may be short, have eumned a title to promotion by the fortune of war. The establishmeint of the )llitia Regiment to which I belong is only 500; butA if Government were to accept its services, I would undertake to get most of the men at present. in it to volunteer, and within a short time to raise itsstrength to 8 by giving an additional bounty- and I have. no doubt that in many other regiments the offcers woul. subscribe a sum for extra bounties to complete their battalions. I If the system I have pointed out were adopted, it would hi impossible for any but thoroughly efficient officers to obtaim commissions in the new battalions, and the services of a. nuniber of yonmg field officers would be obtained-men in. full vigour of body and mind-vho have. mosthlikely retirea from thearmy disgustedwiththemonotony of garrisonduty in time of peace, but who would villingly sacrifice all theirprospects in this country for the chance of distinguishing: themselves ina campaign. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant. eUTBo1BE
T1E DUKE OF ZQOBTHUMBERLANuS 7L;FAES. TO THE EDITOR OF Tim ims. Sir,-Having been long engaged inthe mitnagement of landed property, I am led to address y on ethe subject of the letter of " A NarthunmbrianFarmer," which appeared in 2'he Timar of the 27th of December.- ,, From what Ihareheardof themanghitaitof the Duke of Northmnberland"' estates I have been secustomed to think of it with respect and to regard his Grace, and his.. father before him, as be3ng to the north of. England what the Duke of Beucleuch is to the south of Scotland. It may seem impertinent in any one to discuss in a public journal the estate management of any nobleman or landec proprietor. The mattes referred to is, ho*ever, one ing its general bearings of pwbic interest. I solfar tberefore, r thinl, be held excased tn offeringoon it epinions founded - tion on g experience anid inimate acquaintanceit the subject. Iresldein adtrict far .emoved,fo Northimberland, ana have not4faintance with the Dukhe's e tatne or usith any one connected with it. b The lease stipulations referred to, whether orininating .with the Dnke or with his agent, in- so far as:objectinable canonlybe attributed toeanserror of judsment. The adoplac tion of them having been decided on, it is evident that to have yielded them up in rt. Wetherall's case wvould mave - been to abandon them altogether ' - by A the management of a large estate, I have long madeuse of clases of .the same natde, and beenr a ited with their pracical working and Ibave formed the opinion thatthey ar abso usely ess. I have used Thlem in compliance tion Of praC.ce handed down-fror m remiote tiimes, and have notfelt auntorized -to lay them aside,a ut f2ave modified3 the3greatypbeeoew the stringency of thoedrentioned ba- "Aibortumbrian farmner.n .Istipulatesovezandaboveedamages) for 4ce. of additional. rent per acre per annum fortmiscroppnmg, lmitng the exaction of it toto years prior to' its being claimed, and the aterage rent of the land may be assumed at from 2s. to 30sc per acre. - - . ' pa.i ai dyexperience(Thichs withmleases ofi nderances -and -favini had many indifferent tenants to remove, I have never ohee found it expediert to tosecute for the aniscropping penalties. Indeed an agent, in the caseof. bad tenants has -genhrallyenough todo to recover the protTiatd rent. If I isandhonsto mnwith yeany- tenantes, I should have felto - tan uIradciot inamy powaer to miace shrt tork with tenants2nateria lyinfroiging theiragreerents, and wruld have cont. sidered penal rents pecu}iarly naecessady o Snch pbenaltiees are derived from rouher times, in orich estaeis wera often forfeited to a mortgagee regardless of . he amount o£ The aidrte Ianyot er of the contracts of bpe and busineri intvnclr no suchopenalties aro made ule oft.h-n' --Inettebing afart one presumesf at least, tbat the offerer - c an- honest nWhnnd siit tenants and it does appear to be an ungracions and uncalled for inputation tobin forward -nthenegotiarhaion thtthereisa pres'mptibtet he till tus-i ont to bearoge. If he is already lmo*n to be such, let- hims be removed rom the farm or dismissed as a oandidate. If not, let confidence beped in his engagementas nd, should he fall to -fulfil then, then prosecute hiat rcommon law for a,y damage hemay hravet occasioned. Why annoyugood ton6eteettth claehat ate tobe operative only i the caie of -bad tenants?X I hold such claussto-be nseless many mvcse';-1iut supposgit otherwise Itonsdratherforfeit theoberefito£thens inthe exceptionel eases than stmatize t whole tenmntry assrospecea men. Indeed, Ithinbtheyhave atendencyto enoont agehremissnes on &te part of the ayent, whose duly it is,wby himself rby tos e under b kto'watch overthe cltivation of theoestate,and-to paeveis o meut6 isnent by interfering - vat onet so hon as it or- - - 1iMany shred arersawil snderatos any., stipuondof -leasef Thnatspescribedtothm ,ithraneytoean orprovurefons,wie but trustinguna-ihe icatadr fhereligyo thela lordohe chre of a enth not well to acare temwiththeapprehiension of extreme Stipulated penatihes. Such things create Jnore or lessof antdagnisn andirnationg etweenlir aiordantenanthd,what is o£ greater niportancetbanmaybynnybe suppose betveen agent and tenant. Farmers who, like MEr. W PtheraL, at the to comply with stipulations -which they cainlos brovhe, desere he jatiude'of hei2 felowf trerseforths ne4iionablecstomseulnr lthtebslein4s zrcodn tion of landed proprietors.. - ainquite sure-tht-itf woud be foudm boeneficial to land- ords-were they, as aclass4 ton lax va ions ofTtheiold feudal -provisons which ar6tobe-fbundin leases, aid thereby tomanifestmore confideucein:'hem uaousnew fair dealing, - anintelligence of their temai+s - -. To disturb, foz.so,ch a ,cau h^e gOood feo ig revsiosy Lexisting onl an estate is; I-Tin, nfoitunate fForalt concerned, andespeciarlly so for landlord and abent, to both oF iomlwouldinedncimsion sy, vithefereneto the tenant - ."Betntheirfva-Jvartl.,b,A2 -~~~- -, A?N AGENT. I : Jan-L
NA VAL ANYD MILITARY INTBLLIGENCE. Herilaesty's shii Neptune, 12 Captain' Hutton, was put-out of commission at Portsmouth on Saturday; her crew were not paid oEf, batt were paid wages and granted six weeks? eae The crew of tle Arrogant, 47, Captain Lyster, were also paid wgeson Saturday, and granted leafe. The -men who belonged to the port of Plymoth or.-its-neighbourhood had a passage given to them in Her bMajesty's steam-frigate Sanmpson, 6,Captain2Eand.- The steaiu-frigate DraW-n, 'Captain Sterat, went into Portsm6uth hirbonur on Saturday, to commence her refit for the Baltic. The steam machinery brought by the Rhadanianthus foi the ships fittng out atPartimouth is now being lauded in the steam basin, the factory on the brink of which and all the adjuncts arc in full and extra worldng-to meet the -denmands upon it in the equipment of the fleet. The Perseverance, -naval steam-transport, Comiander Crang, embarked at- Portsmouth on Saturday detachments of the 19th, 23d, 51st, 38th,g41.i. 'aid 46th Regiments, and the 1st and 2d Battalions of the Eif'e Brigade, with whomshe left yesterday for the Crimea. - The Norman steam-transport, No. 155, Captain Vallint, arrived at Spithead on Saturday aftemnoon from the East. Her dates are-Malta, Decembe- 191; Gibraltar, 24. On -entering the Gutshefell in with Her Mlajesty's ship Bondon, Her Maiest's ship Promethevs towing her through on her way to Engla3:. The Norman spoke, off the Lqland of Goza, -on the 19th of December, the brig Blonde, of Belfast, from Alexandria for Falmouth, 24 days out. She brought no passengers orimivalids. I I . Orders have been.received at Portsmouth that on the arrival of the Rodney, 9°-gan sailing ship, at that port from the Mediternmean, she is to be converth1 with all despatch into a shot and shell depOt ship for the Baltic fleet. Her crew will be paid down and granted leave; her spars are to be reduced, with the exception of the lowver masts and lower yards, which will renmain the same; the rest of her spars wll be those of a second-class frigate; the complement of her crew -will be reduced from 850 to 650. The Lon-don, sister ship, is also to undergo a similar conversion, for the same service, on 1ier arrival at Devonport. The Polyphemus steam-sloop, Commander Warren, left Spithead yesterday for the Baltic. Another vessel is ordered also to theisame waters, in consequence of reports having been made that the ice is loose enough to admit of partial navigation, so as to admit of trading by the enemy. .he crew of the Albion, 90, Captain the Hon. T. B. Drummond, were paid wages at Plymouth on Saturday, and granted six weeks' leave of absence. In the afternoon the paddlewheel steam-vessel Avon, 3, left with a portion of them for Portsmouth. The crew of the screw steam-sloop Cruiser, 17, Commander tthe Hon. G. H. Douglas, will ke paid wages at Plymouth this day, and granted three weeks leave of absence. Notice was -posted outside the Devonport dockyard on Saturday for the entry of 100 additional shipwrights. The hired paddlewheel steam-transport Cambria, No. 101, Mr. Alfred Brownless master, from the Crimea, arrived in Plymouth Sound yesterday morning. Her dates are *-Eupatoria, Dee. Sth; Balaklara, 10th; Constantinople, 21st ; Malta, 2Gth; and Gibraltar. Jan. Ist. Passengers :-Lord Napier, LAdy lYapier, four children, governess, and nurse . Mrs. Colonel Morris and servant; Sister Anne, lady nurse; Mrs. Grainger, Government nnrse; Captain Brett and servant, 15th Hassars; Lieutenant-Adjutant North, 3d Light Dragoons, with 16 officers' horses in charge -of eight grooms. December 28, at noon, lat. 3718 N., long. 5 55 E., exchanged signals with the screw steamer Alma, and on January 2, lat. 36 22 N., lon. 810 W., passed Her Iajesty's paddlewheel sloop Vesuvius, 6, Commnander Edcward G. Hore, steering north-west. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Candia, transport No. 213, Captain Parfitt, arrived at South. -ampton on Saturday afternoon from the Euxine and Mediterranean with the folowing invalids -From Constantinople-3Majors Ricknan and Carden, 77th Foot; Captain Campbell, Royal Horse Artillery; Surgeon Moorhead, 7th Foot; Assistant-Surgeon Fair, Staff; Mr.Brook, Chief Officer, and 14 seamen of the Brilliant. From GibraltarSergeant Luke, R.A.; Mr. Batty, Northampton Mhilitia; M s A. Smith,, and one child. - The Candia left Constanti. nople December 19th; Malta, 23d; and Gibraltar, 31st. Her Majesty's steam-vessel Driver, Captain Gardner, arrived on Saturday morning at Woolwich, from Sheerness, -and will be taken into the basin to be refitted for sea service. According to the customary regulations, prior to being ovehapled, the chief engineer of the dockyard accompanied the vessel on a trial of her machinery down the river. The Pearl steam-sloop is being provided with her sea stock. The schooner Teazer has arrived at Woolwich from Portsmouth, and commenced discharging her cargo of condemneE stores from the camp, among wvhich are 3,168 military cloalcs and overcoats. A short time back some breech-loading rifles, manufactured at Liege, and captured at Balalhava, were received at Woolwich. They are unwieldy-looking instruments of warfare, the length of the barrel being 5 feet. The adva. tage, hovevor, which this species of rifle possesses is not unimportant-namely, the rapidity with which it is loaded and fired. By reason of the weight and length, a tripod staRd is used in firing and adjusting the range, which, however, is not greater than the ordinary Mini6 rifle. The officeg commanding the corDs of Royal Sappers and Miners at Woolwich has received instructions to prepare for the tran3sfer of head-quarters from Woolwich to Chatham. The removal will take place on Thursday next. Some promotions, consequent on the augmentation, will hikewise take #ace, among which is the advancement of Colonel Yorke to the rank of Adjutant-General. The following appointments. were made on Saturday at the Admiraty :-Lieutenant William Lamburd, -to the Esk; Lieutenant Charles F. Lodder, to the Victory; Lientenant Charles F. MIll, to the Magicienne. The undermentioned Mates were promoted on Saturday to the rank of Lieutenant :-William J. Walker, E. J. Panter Downes, B. A. J. Stothert, Arthur R. Blane, VWiliam 3L Wright, Thomas Lo Pearson, George Rivngton, Granville T. Yicolas, Nowell Salmon, James Grant, B. J. Cooper, Horatio Facke, Arthur A. Smith, Henry C. Lees, Arthur H. Gilmore, James Patton, Robert W. D. Aber cromrby, Alfred A. Hanson, Stratford Tuke, Francis M'Norman, Henry. W. Brent, Neale D. T. Lilingaton, J. G. G. hPHardy, Reginald T. Clark, Richard R. Araistog. . - The principal engineering foundries in Liverpool have the whole of their hands occapied in the manufacture ef immense projectiles and enoramous piecesof ordnance. At the Mersey Steel and Iron Works, in addition to the raonster wrought-iron gun, to weigh 24 tons, and to throw a ball of 3001b. upwards of five miles, they are constructing two wrought-iron mortars, capable of throwing a shell of 36 inches in diameter. At Messrs. Fawcett and Breston's they areexecuting an order for 90 mortars for 13-inch shells, about 50 for sea and 40 for land service. At the Vauxhall Foundry immense quantities of 8,10, and 13 inch shells have been constructed for some time, upwards of 7,000 tons of wvhich have been made during the past six months; and dsring the last 10 days they have shipped 1,400 tons of shell to Woolwich. This firm are also making several dozens-of 10 and 13 inch mortars for land and sea service, and two experimental cast-iron mortars to tarow 18-inch shells, which, it is believed, are to be called the " Palmerston Pacificators." Mr. John laird is also building 14 wooden S screw gunboats, of 240 tons=ad 60-horse power each. The following warrant was received yesterday at the Garri son, Chatham - . "i-ctToria'BE,-Whereas, 'we have judged it expedient to cancel our Royal warrant of the -12th day of October, 1855, and to revise that part ofour Boyalw arrants of the 6th day of October and 3d day of November, 1854, which regulate the bal-pay -of lReg nentWl Quartermasters; envwil and pleskareisAhai Quartermasters who shall have erve for anar wte neribd ofE30ryears, of which at least 10 years sasll have aret aspQcarternaster, sball haveafcaimr * tretre,withthe honorary rank of Captain, npon the halfpay of lOs. a-dy, provided1 sucfi retiremenit shal he recommended to us by our Secretary of State for the War Department.- c;It is our furth6r will and Vleneure that this enu- Royal warranlt shal have a retrcepdctsve operalioz1, so as to eciafer the hononrrary ak and inrea,edhlfpy upon all Quarternsasters who,'after the completion of the aforesaid periods of service; have retired sinoe the declaration of the present war with-nRusi_a. "Given at ouX Court, at St. Jamess,- this 17th day of December, 1855, in thel9th. ear of our reign. " By HRer Majesty's command, - : PANITUE." -Upon aninspection being made 'of the newquartersatSt. Mary's, Brompton, for the offices of the invalid depot, they were found to be so damp (being made of-lath and -plastei) to be umzt-forpreseut - Seoond-class Surteon 4bbott, 3LD. ig under. orders to proceed to Sierra Leone for duty at that station; and As. istantSurgeon Curtis Martin for Cape Coast Castle. A coffee canteen is to be immediately established at St. Mary's Barracks, Bromptoi, and the library'from Coventry, hitherto used by-the cavalry and recruiting depot, is to be -tranferred to St. Mary' Barracks,-for the 'benefit of the nvahids. This alteration has been iade through Mr. George Russell Dartnell, Deputy Inspector-General of Hospitals. - The depots of theProvisional Battalion, Chathatn, off duty for the Enfoeld rife practice, are asaking great progress, and thme men of the 91st Regiment are ordered to continue their Instruction under the officers of the Provisional Battalion appointed to perform that duty. ' - The DepOt Battalion in Limerick Garrisn are now ai supplied wih the new Miniw-rifle and improved bayonet Iattached. - The bayonet, iso a on the old rougireapon. It i soinewhat longer bttt lesr clumsy, and noreof a triangular form. The inter4ing' cer ny of distributing the annuai rpis at the Ioyals Hibernian Military School; Dublin, for good miltary and general conduct, as well as proficiency in education, took place - on ' Thursday. His -Excelleney the Lokd-Lieiitena4t, attended by Lieutenant-Colonel Udney, aide-de-camp, wa"present, as were aLso Lotd and Lady 'Seaton, ird ' large party, ColonelColomb, the ofSers of the institution, 'aid the entire juvenile force, numbering more than 350 boys. 'rior to the distribution the Commandaut read two lettei :seceived from 'the Crimea; cne from asoldier whohad been brought up in the school, speaking gratefully of the benefits be had derived fzorn it; the other a lettei of good and soucd advice from the father of one of the scholars to his son,'datead "Before Sebastopol." His Excellency then handed the. prizes-about 60 imnumber, consisting of useful boolm-to the boys who had been selected for thehonours, and acc'onpaniied each vith a kind word of encouragement. At the conclusion, his Excellency briefly addressed the boys.- Be Was loudly cheered at the conclusion of his address. Three cheers were then given for the Queen. THE 1flITIA The officers of the Royal Cornwall Rangers are now doing their utmost to secure as large a number of volunteers as possible before the 3(th of January, inasmuch. as if they succeed in getting the regiment up to 400 men by that timo it will stil be kept up permanently. Almost all the men who have been training, and many of the officers, have within the last fewv days left Bodmin to beat hp recruits. As an inducement to men to enlist, the Queen's.bounty has been increased from IOs. to 17., and the officers themselves give a further sum of 10s. The 6th West York Militia, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Hind, was inspected at Halifax on the 29th of December, by Colonel Haggart, of the 7th Hussars, when he expressed Jiis gratification at the soldierlike appearance of the Regiment, and stated that he should make a favourable report of all he had witnessed. T'he inhabitants of the town, to express their satisfaction with 'the orderly conduct of the men, gave them a substantial dinner on Christmas-day. Colonel Brough, District Adjutant-General, and Captain. ICausland, District Commanding Royal Engineer, are on a tour of inspection of the different hired buildings and temporary barracks in Ulster occupied by the m'ilitia. The step has oeen taken on account of the gernral dissatisfaction expressed as to the cheerless state of many of them as winter quarters. The 4th Royal Lancashire was inspected ou Tuesday last, at Newry, by Major-General Gough, C.B., accompanied by Colonel Brough, Assistant Adjutant-Gencral. The gallant General was highly pleased with the appearance and discipline of the corps, and expressed himself to that effect to the commanding officer, Colonel Blackburne. The regiment -was very strong, having nearly 1,000 men on parade. The Sligo and Monaghan Barracks are about being enlarged and put in thorough repair for the occupation of militia regiments from England.
EXECUTION FOR MURDER. On Saturday Jonathan e0ywood, convicted at the late lancashireAssizesofmurdering3argaretJones,awomanrwith whom he lived, underwent the last penalty for his crime at Kirkdale. The circumstances as proved on the trial were these :-On the 21st of JulY a man of shabby appearance, attended by a woman, whom he represented as his wife, went to the Halfmoon Inn, Rochdale, wlhere he engaged a bed forthe night, for which he paid 8d. to the landlady, Mrs. Asquith. At half-past 10 o'clock they retired to their chamber, and soon afterwards the inmates of the house went to their respective apartments. Nothing occurred during the night to arouse suspicion, or direct attention to the strange couple, although the adjoining room was merely dividedfrom the one they occupied by a thin partition. Soon after 6 o'clock on thc following mornig he rose and went out. explaining that he would take a walk before breakfast, and tbat he should return in about three-quarters of an hour Six hours beyond that period elapsed without witnessing the fulfilment of the promise, and the occupants of the inn wondered much at the cause of his absence, and still more at the non-appearance of the woman. At noon the servantwas instracted to investigate the cause. She knocled at the door, and,- receiving no answer, went in, when she was horrified to find the lifeless body of the woman on the bed. There was a fearful gash on the throat, and a razor, spotted with blood, -lay feebly grape in the hand, but in such a positiou as to lead to the be lef that it had been placed there after death-a beaef which the early flight of the man quickened into suppositien that ne had committed the heinons crime of murder. For a time the police failed to obtain evidence as to the identity of the body; but it was ultimately ascertained to be that of Margaret Jones, a widow, formerly residing with two sons in Pin-street, Chorlton-upon-Medlock, in the borough of Manchester. Suspicion fell upon Heywood, who was apprehended, and the evidence given at the trial left no doubt that the murder was committed by him. On Friday the prisoner was informed that a memorial had been forwarded to Sir George Grey by the local agents for the abolition of capital p nisments, praying for a reprieve, and that it had been referred to 3Ir. Justice Wightmnsin who saw no reason why the sentence should be relaxed, anfd that, consequently, the execution would take place. He was not moved in the slightest degree by the intelligence. On ths same day 31r. Thomas Wright, of Manchester, "the prison philanthropist," who had seen him once befora since the trial, again visited him, underthe hope of bemig able to remove the terrible listlessness which had fallen upon thprisoner. In the course of the several hours devoted by fr. I Wright tothe criminal on that day, Heywood, who:appeared affected by thekdnly anduntiring exertions of 3r. right, softened the obsEtinacy of his temper, arid somewhat freely opened his mind. He confessed, with expressions of deep regret, thabhehad spent a life of unusual wickediiess, and mentioned several instances in which he had seduced married women, and lived in adulterous intercourse with them; and he appeared no less deeply sensible of the injuries -he. had inflicted upon his lat wife and his children, to whom, hesaid, h hadbeenabad man. e stated that his wife used to pray that God would punish him for his wickedness, and he believed the Almighty was punishing him for it now. He-wept, and seemed to be truly penitent for the sins of his past life to which he made alluson, bhut he never uttered awordinacknowledgment of his guilt of themurder forthe commissionof whichhewasso soontoforfeithislife. He also bgedthat Mr. Wright would look after his younger son, a be 1years of age, and appeared comforted upon receivng a promise that his request should be attended To. Theboe is at present livingwith the brother of the criminal at Rochdale, works in a factory, and attends a Wesleyan Methodist Sunday school. In allusion to his sentence, he said he thought it would have been better if he had been sentenced to be trasnsported for life. Mr. Wright remained in the condemned cell:util 11 o'dclck. soon after which time the criminal, after partaking of his usual evening meal with great heartiness, went to bed, and slept soundly until 5 o'clock on Saturday morning. Mr. Wright, who has visited 41 criminuas under sentence of death, statestthit he neverin his experience metwith anyone in that awful situation who appeared to feel more poignant grief than Heywoooddid for the wrongs he had inflicted upon his family by his neglect of them for a vicious course of life. Though the culprit had maintained a stubborn reserve in regard to the murder of Margaret Jones, he- occasionaUy let fall a word which showed his guilt. He acknowledged that the razor found in the murdered woman's hand was his, and that he was with her on the night in question, and he said that she had been a curse to hinn It appeared also, from his statements, that he had lived in adultery with her for three or four years. At about half-past 10 o'clock in the moe the chaplain and Mr. Wright had another interview with tle crimmalin his cell. The wretched man continued to express sinmcere repentance for the sins and folies of his past life, and earnsyengagedinprayer, hutuhemadenoallusion tothe crime for which he was about to suffer. As early as 10 o'clock a crowd began to assemble in the brickflields facing the north-west angle of the Kirkdale prison, from which an unimpeded view- of the scaffold could be obtained. A clear space was kept under the drop, the barricades round which were guarded by Aw detachment of police, who, by this time,- had taken up- the positiohs assigned to them. Xotwithstanding the rain, the throng steadily increased, additional numbers pouring into the bricklields from every: direction, unt1 the hor appoited for the fatal ceremon, when there could not havo been less thin 8,O00 or 10,00 eople present. Early in the morning several town milssionarpes, aplied for permissiou to see the condemned man, but .-they were informed by theGovernor that he hadinopowerto grant their reguest, the express order of tlie Secretary of State prohibiting the access of any but officalst to criminals under sentence of deith. The missionaries -then dispersed themsi'elves among the crowd, exhorti nthe youngg especi to lead virtuous lives, and take solemn wrniin by the fate of the wretched nmaD about to expiate his enormous criminalitybv a dreadful death. Their exertions were, at least, attendeI with some beneficial result; they excited the attention of the majority of the dense throng, and thus ssiiceeded in maintainin" a greater appearance of decorum than is generaly witnesseA'on these occasions. . * Precisely at 12 eocloek a murmur ran through the crowd, They're coming1" and immediately afterwards the condemned man, though his arms were pinioned, spralglightly en the scaffold, jumping up the two steps leading froi the interior to the drop. He advanced without assistan-ee and with a firm step, placing himself immediately under the centre of the beiau His face, though sallbw, and bearing evidence of a dissipated life,, contained no indication of-fear. On the con as he glanced rapidlyover the dense multitude which stotc hed out before him,- an expression of subdued boy overspread- his features. He was immediatel followed by Calciaft, to whom, ashe stepped on to the scaffold,be obeerved; "What anun.bei of peopled' Inthe back ground were observed the chaplain, reading the solemn serviceappointed for such occasions; the undei-sherifl; Mr. W. w ood; the Governor-of the prison, Captain Gibbg, and Mr. Wright. - Calcraft commenced the "work of dreadful preparation." Vith terrible coolness he pulled tlie white cap over the criminal's face, adjusted the rope hooked the fatal cord into a link of the stout chain depenjiag from the beam overhead; and, having given an assuring grasp to the murderer's hand, he withdrew to the scaffold.. inother moment the bolt was withdrawi, and a-corpse Was awinging before thom eyes of the now sated mob. Heywood has had 1; children, three of whom are alive a daughter and twosons. The daughter is married, tho elde-son is 19 years of age, and is 5 soldier;- t-he younger is the boy already mentioned, a3ed 12yyeara. --
§~ ~ ~ ~~PBI ATF:gM O - '- UC"-. ' 'GLASGOW, FRIDAT. .ITblis afternoon the fre4^bi e'of the city of Glasgow 3as Jpresented to the Earl of Elgigt ai Kincardine, irt testimny 'f the great public se ocei whic'is. Lordship had con. kerredonthecoaZncty in his capacity OfPMC?vernor-fGneral of tanada. The presentationtook pIai ti 'it-t mthe. presence of2,509 ladiisandi gentlemen camsprsi? the6lik ofGlasgowandit neighbourhood. The Eare 'fEil,s *lkot vas received wilth enthjusta3tic demonstrations of applause' as accompmhiid'4o0 the platform byj:the Lord Provost, magistrates, members .of couniil, Mr. Hastie, M.P., Sir Jamnes Anderson? 3IP., Sir John axwvell, of Polloo, &oe. i The burg.es-ticket for Lord Elgin was containedina large and richly chased gold box. The L,OBDP PBVOST,' in presenting the box and lburgessticket to Lord Elgin, entered into a review of the colonial poiicy adopted by the noble Lord, which he warnly, culoqized .He said that itis success wras complete in Jamaica, and proceeded to describe Lord Egtn's administration in Canada as productive of most important and beneficial results. The Lord Provost, referring to the wr w.ith Russia, s Baid,-We are niot seelcng to interfere with the internal affairs,.r the natural jiower of any State,; but wo are in armns to de-clare that the overwveening ambition of Rwussia must cease to weigh as an influence on other countries, to check the advancement of popular rights there, and to paralyze their energies in commerce. I confess I am beginning to be' doubtful if the period of settlement hLs yet trzived; but of one thing I am very sure; that the enlightened:and recent Governor of the Canadas wtih be found one of the men wlho will not eounsel the laying down of our 9rms unless the treaty of peace vill justify the wai-unless' security for the future shaLl become part and parcel of the public law of Europe. (Applause.) ; The burgess:ticket han-mg been read by MIr. Ttrner, qon of the town-clerks, was placed in the box and handed to the noble Earl by the Lord Provost. The box, an oxdeediugly massive one, Was prepared by r boL uirheard, Buchanan-street. It is about eighft inches long, six inches broad, and two and a-half incites in depth, of solid silver; richly gitU with gold, and beaultifully chased all over in bold rcelif Oultside the lid there is a finely-executed muedallion of the arms of the city.- Lord Er.ocs, on rising to reply, w;as greeted withl loud and prolonged applause. He snid,-3Iy Lord Provost, lies, and gentlemen,-1 most unaffectedly regret my inability to e.xpress, in language which is at all adequate, moy sense of the distingnished honour whEich you have done ne in admitting me to the freedom of the city of Glasgow, and my appreciation of the handsome and flattering, aud, I ,must add, very giuceful terms in wvhich such a satisfactory communication has been made by the Lord Provost. (Cheers.) AS a Scotchman (lend cheers), I cannot be insensible to the r-nIne of the good opinion of the inhabitants and the municipal authorities of a great commercial metropols of the country; and knowiing, as I do, from long experience howv much Canada and how much nil the other colonies owre to the enterprise of GlasgVw, I caunot but feel that. it is a proud distinction-the proudest distinction, perhaps, wthich I could -possibly aspire to find, that the efforts of an individual vho had labonred for many years-God knows how assiduously-to promote the interests, develope the resources, and place in a firm and rational positionthe system of government in that important dependency of a great empire, had been deemed wrorthy of recognition here. (Lond-cheers.) On this very day, nine years ago, I pasted from my familyand in somewhat trying circumstances, perhaps,-I parted from mny family, in order to embark at Liverpool to undertake the government of British NRorth Americat. It would have been a great relief if, on that occasion, I could have discovered at the close of a vista of nine years the incidents of this day. (Cheers.) I had taken my departure from Jamaica a few months before, diuing the heat of summer, leavimgthe&termometer some hundreds in theshade, and HeaLven knowrs what in the suin (a laugh), arid on reaching my new destination I found the thermometer some 20 below' zero. What new sensations I then felt, after some years broiling in the tropics ! On the morning after my arrival, when preparing to enter the city, a gentleman arrived at the houLse in ai sleigh, and told me that there had been such a stormn during the nigaht it wras more than probable wre should be unable to force through the snow inth the town. I alwiays look on this as a happy incident in my career, afford. ing me, as it did, so admirable an opportunity of testing what is tho effect of extreme degrees of temperature on the human constitution. (Laughter.) I was reminded yesterday, on v,isiting that magnificent vessel, the Persia, built for the Cunard line, that I had had, on the occasion referred to, the somewihat unenviable distinction of niching the longest voyage l ever made across the Atlantic in a Conard vesseL. Here, for the first time, I felt the influence of the tutelary genius of Glasgow. I had the fortune to be in a Clydebuilt vessel, so that, although we encountered the most tremendous gales, we arrived at Halifax, with tiountains of ice in the forepart of the vessel, and Mr. Bnrnes told me it is recorded we carried 100 tons of ice into Halifax on our prow. Notwithstanding al this, so smooth and steady was the action, so wellfounded out vesselin every particuLlar, I do notgbelieve a single individutal ever felt one moment of anxiety or alarm. (Cheers.) These little physical obstacles were trifling, indeed, when compared with the moral and political diUficulties which I had to enconnter on assuming the government of British North America. Atthetimewhen I was appointed to the offLice' of governor, the uinionbetween the Canadas-the political constitrution. given to Canada at the time of the union-had been in existence somewhat less than eight years. -'During these eight years no less than four eminent British statesmen had sucexssively held the offica of' Governor-General of the Canadas, and on the day when I sailed from Liverpool the grave had already incIosed upon then,,all. Foremost in tht list was a statesman of large vevws and strong popular sympathy, whose name is known through'out the length' and breadth of British NUorth America, and who, at that critical period in the history of this country, derived strength, and persevered inL what I believe to be the path of duty, from the countenance and suppIort of the inhabitants of Glasgow. (Cheers.) I had m3ade the acquaintance of the CanadiLan Minster, a worthy gentleman, holding-if I may compare small- things with great-an office in Canada similar to that of the Chancellor of the Exchequer in this countbry. Where do you think I found him? I found him walking up and down the streets of London, with 60,000 debentures in his pocket, which he could not get any one to take from him for love or money. He had 'gone to the capitalists, and when ho could not succeed with them he applied to that old loving ladymother-counmtry-and said, " Pray, for the- sake of tbe love you bear to your poor pulmng, not vrs well-behaved Canhda, pray endorse trese little bills' I believe he had more success mn his love address than in his other addresses to the pocket, and the conseLquence was,--so low was our credit, and so reduced were we for want -of money, that we were obliged to issue a quantityf of flve,dollar debentires, which *e forced on wretchied office-holders, au1d obliged them to take these, which they could.not exchangewithout' a discount of somewhere from 10 to 20 per cent. If I could have foreseen at that time that the day wa3s boming when, in the presence of the inhabitants of this enlightened commercial community, I'should have been able to-point to these same discredited Canada secu3rities ashaving a higher premium in the market than any other American 'security wh3tever, 'and to tint to the proceedings of Parliament, showing Canada to be regarded in its constitution as a model tdepenidency-if- I could have foreseen the 'day whenm I could have jpointed to-these facts, It should have borne a lighter heart rn my bosom- when I-went shlivering through the snow to take up that- viceregal sceptre which had proved so heavy in the-hands of -oulr ablestt men. But, *ladies and gen1tlemen., I1 pass fronm what ia -prtey personal in this compliment to matters of higher moment, and I trust I may be permtted to infer,- from 'the notiee-you are thus pleased to take of humble 'services, rendered in distant colonies, that the affairs and interests of these remote dependenCies are begisming to engage, to 'a greater extent than heretofore, the attention of the people ogttbs country.-l eIt is, entlemes,.a most mteresting fact -that, while our despotictfoe is compelled to.double the' forces stationed on the remote frontiers of his vaost em'pire, as a pr'tection both against aggression from without and' disorder'from within, ouir consEtittional -monareh, strong in-the' affection of heil subjects,'is enable-to'wi&tdraw i ron her outlying teritoriest tose garrisons retained in time of peace. I knowo well there are peoplf ir this country-perhaps not so mnany now aS many years ago-hut I know- there- are persons the consty who hold the opinion at -the colonies ar a seletss encumbrance; and I so far 'agee with t&esi ptries- thotstetgaisoset so to govern these colonies as to render them an intolerable burden;rbnt I believe it pos'ibIe, by'the eadoroa of abwisertpoliey-by freely and tey conceding to our fellow-subjectsin the colonies those ights and' priileges we so dearly pr3ze by reahtng their feelings with rest,&and their wistes with consideration, so to' adtic emotn 'to then other-countiy as to render hem a source of strength. fello uI have ouly to say that during the wfholof my public life I have been engaged in various spheres of dutym the humble endeavour toasolve tis problem and to work out thisaresult. I present' myself to the inhabi- tantsor Glasgow asapracticalman. Ido notevenpresume, according to the fashion of the time, to put myself in the professor's chair' - I do not ask yon to receive from me one single rule, orprinciple, ormaxim, upon colonial government which I have not myself tested, and of which I have not verified the result by expenrence. Now, gentlemen, speaking in th2at capacity,and of what-l found fromn my owu experience, I make bold to say that a most imrportat and materal change has tatkeu'placeof late years in the priniple on whichl the colonial - government is -conducted. It is ~a change, not so much m the form of our continental coh' stitution, but i the spirit. I speak more particularly of Caiada- not only because I inow more of it than of the other colonies, and have been myself responsible for the changes-that-lave taken place, but also because it is the effect of chauges that have taken place in that colony that have wrought an improvement in the system:in_other colonies. In our relations with the colonies we have substituted for a policy of distrust and reserve a policy of confidenec. Now, we maywith great propriety and advantage inquire what the results of this system hate been, and whether they are such as to justify us in -endeavounnrz to perpetuate and extend it. Now, I would ask,' in the first place, what have the effects of this system been on the moral prosperity of Canada ? I do not wish to encumber you with amass of statistical-details, bittamong writers of all dlescriptions, political ,statistical, and newrspaper correspondents who have treated of the affairs of North America, fit wfould be imupossible to findf otto who, writing before 1850 does not aver that the cbr,ast presented by Canada on e aid7-biidjthiTnited St oliitEId others f'smostY-'t. - urabIe ta-the former,- -ilc4A icouraging to'- thoee who prefer-monarchical- to-republUea institutions; -Well, ksinOe 1850 there is a unanimity almost as remarkabliaridthe LrdProvost-jh'a idve2ted td that.4-tbeother* vay. It would be impossble to.find one, I thh%k'\wld doesnot adfnit- that since that Period, the pirogress of &anada haaleen inl all1esPectsnmost satisfactory eqfuUin , if ospain .the most favouredi Parts of the Union. Nopolehv obeenore frank in decLaratioti to this fact tha our neigh. b eurzitheUnitedStates.- Ineed:notsay toyou thatthere isno subject upon which the people 'of; the Untei States yre sore proud than they are in reference to- theitf Astemn of tioIa-education, and they -crtLinmly have very goodreason to be so, because while we are in this country tvoclainiig " Tciferously our zeal for popular, educatios, and ;prov" our smcerity- by uniting. to-overwhelm every specifc -plan that is produced, there is actually in! that country in operation a system that is elevating the intellectual standard of that people to an elevation never before attained by any commnunity. At the sneting of the Education Board in New -York a paper was read, representing-the system of education in Canada as e,ual to that in 3l -chuaetts or New York, and the President recommended the system adopted at Toronto, Canada West. I do not think it is undesirable that the population of Scotland should know that there is a.country not two vweeks sailing from Glasgow, possessing a fertile soil and a genial climate-po3sessing a population very much resemblang what you find inanyScottish county, sharinMour-views and sentinents oii all qestions, moral, social, political, and, above all, religious, with the means of attaining-elementary education, free of cost, and on conditions thatcan do violence to no priiciple, on conditions attainable' by every child in the community, and where every child of talent and industry may go to the higher school, where a superior education is ;iven on the same tens, and from the superior school to the University. Now, if any lady or gentleman in this room wants to put the question-if we can get aU these advahtages by going to Canada, why we cannot get them without going to Canada? I implorothat they wiU not expect me to answer it. -I came here expecting to have ai opportuiiity of debating and discussing great questions of government, but this is so large an assemblage, and especially there are so many of the fair sex present, that I am really asbamed to enter on such topics. The last occasion on whiclh I made a similar appearance -was certainly not in a city so large .as Glasgow, or among a community so in-fluential, hut in a city which is the capital of a State in which a very great moral aD,d social experiment is being made, of which the issues are still doubtful, hut which no philanthropist can watch without interest, ningled with anxiety and misgiving. In Portland, in the State of ilaine, I had the honour of bheg received as I am here today, and, having been introduced by the mayor to the citizens, the band struckup "God Save the Queen," and both to riy surirse and delight the whole audience stood during the whole time tho air was playing. We-had dinner after the meeting, and at that dinner a practice was adopted which I hope will this evening be honoured inthe breachrather than in the observance. we had nothing to drink our toasts to but water. Among those sentiments-for they are too wishy-washy to be called toasts-we had "Success to the Alihed Armies." I have always considered that the most serious penalty we could pay was any bad feeling in theUnited 'States regarding our American colonies; and I made it one of my first duties to endeavour to reduce that risk to the minimum. It is fair to say Cuba is very ill governed, and so long as that state of things exists you cannot pre-vent some of the American people from sympathizing with the disaffected. Had we governed Canada as Cuba hasbeen governed, we would have found her a thorn rather than being, as she is, a rose. After the revolutionary war we coammitted to the Americans, as citizens of the United Shates, the same rights of fishing on the coasts of British North America as they had enjoyed previously as subjects of, Great Britain. Theycontued m those rights up to 1812, and then we foolLs ly went to war. At the close of the war our legal advisers decided that all treaties were abrogated by the war, and that the IJnited States' p,eople must have a new treaty. We got a new treaty restricting the rights. The American fishermen did not -fancy being excluded from the grounds which their ancestors had beenadmitted to, and went on fishing very much in the way they had done before-not, of course, without a good deal of annoyance and interruption. Well, when this case came up before the Governments of the colony and of the United States, the latter showed a great deal of ingenuity on the occasion; they said they dia not construe the treaty the same as we did, and there were ingenious arguments on the one side to show that " bays" were bays, and ingenious arguments on the other side to show that bays were not bays, and the British Government at last resolved to cut the-matter short and blow the trumpet of defiance; and our friends of America issued instructions to the contrary, stating that their interpretation was the correct one. We wtere 3ust in this position-that a hot-headed captain of an American sloop, uith the Presidencyin his view, mighthave plunged us into a war at any moment. In 1854 all the products of the North American colonies were introduced into the markets of the United States free of dut, and on the same terms as -siinixir productions of the 'United States. We may hope that the prosperity of the last few years will proceed at an accelerated ratio in time to come. I do not think I ought to detain you longer ; but I believe there is one- subjectuppermost in the thoughts of all men at tihe present`thie, and oie to which the Lord Provost has adverted; ' (Hear, hear.) And I cannot but feel that whatei-er may be-the ostensible object of a demonstration of this kind, that any public man who-receives at such a moment a 3iark of. consideratioi from his fellow-subjects may be expected-and reasonably expected-to state what his opinions are upon a sub3ect which engrosses the.- attention of the community. My opinions are very- easily stated, and - I have no hesitation in avowving them. I say that now we are in for this war we must fight it out like men. (Loudcheers,) I do'not say, throw awaY the scabbard; in the first place, because I dislike all violent metaphors (a laugh); and in the second placebecause I think a scabbard a very useful implement, when used at the or time, and the sooner we can use it the better.But I do say, having drawn your sword; do not sheathe it till the purposes for which it has been drawn are accomplished. (Renewedcheers) I say,takingtheverylowest view ot the matter, looling at it simply as a question of pounds, shillings; and pence, it appears to me that nothing could be more demaonstrably absurd than to leave work of this kind half-finished. (Great cheering.) I go further. I have no hesitation in saying-and I am rather fad to have an opportunity of saying, because I have seen unwvarranted statements to the effect that I might have a different opinion-I have no - hesitation in saying that,- in - my opinion, Lord Palmerston and his Government have, for some time past, been darrying - on this - war in a manner which entitles them to the favour and support both of those who considered a war a necessity from the commencement, and of others-no -doubt a minority-who have the opinion that, whatever the prospect of war may have been at the outset, it was soon made a necessity by the blunders of one set of diploinatists and by the passions and temper of another. A rat deal isinow being said -about negotiations; I earnestly iope that these negotiations may turn out to be of sine nuse, hut I must-confess that I am not very sanguine on that point. I think my-sef-though I should be sorry to say anything tagive offence to persons in authority ithat since this business begun, next to the successes of our aimsr, what-we have had most reason to be thankfnl to Providence for is the failure of our diplomatists. (Hear, hear.) What would have been our position now, if we had succeeded in inducing Tuirkey to accept the proposals which we made to her in the famous note of Vienna, and if, after it had been too late to mend 'the 3iiatter, we had founid that, in point of fact, we had secured for Russia every single thing which Prince -Menschikoff intended to obtain, the eagle of France, the lion of Great. Britain, and the wild beasts of the other cbuntry crouching at -her feet, as sentinels, to guard.what she secured? Or--what would have been our position if, under the influence of soein judicial blindness, Russia had not refused the proposals made the year following at Vienna, and if we had got from her'any paper arrangement-such as 'was suggested in these proposals,; leaving her the. pretge and credit of the successful defence of Sebastopol? (Cheers.) But, though I have- said all this in respect to my views of the necessit7 of carrying- on war till we get a prOper peace, I most distinctly declare that I yeldto no man,not only in myydesireto seepeace re-estabHished, but in my abhorrence of the evils-moral, social, and political-that a state of war involves. (Hear, hear.)- Peras I may feel more stronglyon this point than others, havi-ig had such opportunities of seeing the noble purposes to which peace can be turned by a people of our own race, whose intelligence is cultivated to the utmost, and who have the entire power, of regulating their own' aars.- Ihave seen in those countries triumphs, of peace, not only;more beneficent, but as startling to the imagination as the triumphs of war. I have seen the triumph of -vhat -has been ''oetically and beautifully styled 'the warlare with--the-wilderness-that warfare, permit me to say,- -whose -triumphs ire achieved -it hout human sufferig or bloodshed, and -whose fruits' of victory ate the xtension of the range of civilzation, the extension of the area of British influence and'iithority, and the extension of the marlcet for the produce and manufac-tres of this country. (Cheers.) God grant the time may eon return when the energies of this country ma be dirsctedinto these salutary chaniaels. I do not think should trespass louger on your time. I have ventured to talk: upon colonial matters to. some e.xtent, because I think it most important that the people 'ofU thisi country should have their attention turned to these questions, in order that they may secure the 'vantage ground they have gained. I do not think these are questions which it is safe to leave altogether in the hands of politicians,_for the teptation to make the colonies subser- vrent to party interests at home is too strong to be always successfully resisted (hear, hear); and nothing can keep shch a tendency, better in check than the knowledge that the people of this country are taking an intelligent concern in colonial affairs. Theughl think we have solved one im- portant question in colonial polioy-wvis, how to reconcile om9plete blierty of local governmeut w,ith the exercise of the im rial prerogative, i-do not know that that is our Jlast ditficulty. It is very possiblo.that great colonies, as-' -suming the whole chatge of their' own defence, md even coming forward to aid -us in war, may not ultimately be satisfied unless they have a -voice in the imperial govern-ment. I do -not think it advisable to treat-such.matters as abstract questions, bat I believe when it arrives-wb shall be able to deal with it as satisfactorily as we have doalt with former questions, if wve still neet the colonies in the same frank, open ..manner.. What is wanted is thls,-it is necesary that the people of this country- bould look on -the- colonies as Put and parcel of-tlrtemselxee sympathize in their wishes, and' rejoice in their progres We knowv that many of the colonies form an a=usraole investment for our capital, and I am sure, if yoou'msko an investment of your affection upon the colonies, you will find an- 'ample return -in their gratitude and goodwill. (Cheers.)} For my own part, lest I should seem to arrogate any ment to myself, or to arcept -too terally thc- very fiattering remarks of the Lord Provost, I want to say that I take no credit too yelf for. the progress of Canada during my admiuista-aion. I was deahlin there withl a free, intelligent, l6yJ, noraItPeoiopl 'and it i-ito tleir great and good quai- tie thtatnl this rpr !,AnI Drosperity ISO ig. Cheers.) Cna Mior Zyvurn a* th~el bitxn oth~ex I.M~alities than *hxt~ they OccupQeJbefore; and; if, above a,I have been Able to do anwyf Th to.1yeit the ru5k of wha I oLd ~cobtsider the greateO 4l aami- .h~nb1ygz~tef l t rovidec forein erIedtofr *hi hublemit tothe honou andaeuiyo m Ohty M&SUEv, IL?., moved a votia of thanks to th Lor Provet,nagistrutes, and cobrporatibn'of the citof Ga~ewfor avi4presented the freedonri of-the city t sul r orthiy n bes sL-dElgin., In maling this, 3ropsiti^ -h]e had timaktha e had watched canada unnthe~senoll4pof he obl toi,and eouldbear histesimoy t th posprou reultof isable and judi* Th moionwascariedby cclmaton;and h1s Lord: sliihavigackowldged~0c~ thlarge-isnbly
* UA'IRFSBITY I'TE=LIGCEr. -: i CA3RT4IDt. 3 - DEATH OF IE ASmER or Cr&E HALL :iLhe M*sterMbp of Clare H[all has become vacant by $P* death of the Rev. W. Webb, D.D., who held it for the lengthenedl period of 40 years (having been electedl' in 181 and, at the ftnme of his decease, was the.Senior Master in ther University. The rev. gentleman graduated in 1797, -and sooni afterwards was elected to a Fellowship. lIT 1815, havingthen acceptedthe living of Litbtlington from tbe hands of the society, but being in hsyear of grace, he vwa elected to the Wastership on the- demise of the Rev. John Tooldngt-on, who-bad hield office for the previous S4 years. The Master died at his vicarage r,t Littlimgtpn, Cambridgeslure, bn Fziday, after a protracted illness; at the ripe age of SL~ The akpp9ointmentof his successor is withthe Fellows of the college, 19 in ntmuber, who are compelled by the statutes, to choose a, new Waster within 11 days from the declaration of a vacancy ; in the event of their failing so to do-the appointment lapses to t'heChancellor of the Univer'sity. The election creates mnore interest both in the Univer-sity and towvn, unnder a.singciretumstances, than it would have done in ordinary timm -bcause it is all but certain that duiring the next sessson of Parliament bills wil be introduced which, if passed, will cause a complete change in the constituition and goenetflcUie-iy,ad iteltose*e the University anhd the town ; and, as these bills wfi most probably have to be carried into practical effect for the first time during the Vice-Chancellorship of the new Waster of Clare, -it .is of no little importance to the get ineet which wil be thereby affected that he should4possess personal energy and kuowledge, of* business, an intimate ac itance with college and civic ragmns n finbut cncilitory disposition and maanner. Ruimour has it that the election wil fall upon either the Rev. Francis Shephard or the respected librarian of the UTniversiy, bothL maembersof the college, and the appointment of either of these gentlemen wuld give universal satisfaction. The ualii cations of the Rev. Mr. Power are well known; whileZ 31v.- Shephara possesses, in a considlerable degree, those abovementionedl; thelatter has livredin college forabout2o'years, and for the last four or five has been t%e Senior Fellow in residence. H lis appointment would be acceptable to the HeaLds of Colleges and the lUniversity in general, and he has' also become favourably known to the town on nmay public occasions during his long-residence in Cambridge.-
THE BEACOA SIRE ON ATALYERN HILLS. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TDIES. Sir,-You were good enough last week to gie pblicity to th6 proposal for erectn abeacon fire en the dalvem Hill, ad rave ow o ifor a ota it has been decided that 1the lighting shall ,tcaOke plparecjgonThrsedat3y evening net,hn lue nd red fires wil precede theX lihin yfthefbacn Should the night proposed be wet, rmisty,-or windy, the lighting will take place on the first suitable night after the 10th. ~ ~ PETER MARRIOTT. G er airman of the BonfLre Conlinittee. Great Mah-en, Jau 4.
FEMALES PE2ffTETArES. TO TEE EDIrOA OF THE TIMES. Sir,-An- increasing interest in the spiritual as well 'as temporal condition of those unfortmuates wio throng our streets and infest itshighways has 6f latebeen enwonraged and set on foot by the higher digntaries of the church, and other earnest-ninded men, and various houses of mercy have been built to remedy the evil and afford a place of refuge to thteor penitent who mwishes to retrace her steps; but, notvit uding all these bhilanthropic exertions, the evil still continues to fester and corrode in the most malignant form. I.would suggest.that theold proverb, that " Prvention is better than cure," should be adopted, by providing work -for the redundant female population of this country; for it is aweA-knownfactthatnumbersof unfortunate viomen are drvento the streets from sheer vant and poverty; If, instead of employing young, stalwart men, who, in the army or navy, at home or in our colonies, would be better employed in wieldmg the sword, the ride, or the spade, than an iingering the ell measure, the yard, and the tape, their place were occupied by women, as in France and other continentalnations, in our greatboutiques and haberdashery establishments; not only would an honest and useful occupation be found for our female population, but your daicmg saloons, casinos, and other places hjums gcneris would lose that horde bf loose habihnls who, from yrant of more intellectual amusements, are apt to seek recreation invce, and many of whom are drawn from the young shopmcn of this metropolis. *I remain yonrs truly, C. V.
DRATPH OF MARQUIS To0NSHEmD.-Intelligence has been received--of -the death of 'flarquis Townshend, 'which event took- place a few days since at hiis Lordship's vila, near Genoa, where the Mxarqis had livedl for many years past in the strictest retirement. The deceased, -George errar Townshend, Marquis Townahend, of Raynham, county of Norfolk ; Earl of the county of Leicester; Viscount Townshend- of Raynham, county of Norfolk; Baron de Ferrars of Chartaey, Bouchier, Lovaine, Basset; Compton, and Townshend, of LNynn Regis, county of Norfolk, ini the- peerage of Great Britain; and a baronet, was eldest son of~ George, second Marquis (the eminent genealogist and .President of -the Society of Antiqusajes);and was born the1Sth of December, 1778, and, consequently, had ,just entered his. 79th year. - The deceased: e married, the 12th off May, 1807, Sarah, daughter ofXr Willam Duinn Gardner, from whom his loordship wras epeanted someyar back, and by whom he leaves no issue. Thele Marui sceeded to the title on -the demise of his father, Jly Z-,1ML He wasRigh Steward of Taraworth.. The late. Marquis is succeeded mnthe nar- quste and ancient faml honours by his cousin, Captain John Towashend, RN02uMa!. for. Tamworth, eldest son of Lord John Townslnd,b Georgm Anne,, only daughter Of Mr. Willa Poria bor in Marchf, 1798, and married, the 18th of August, 1825, Elizabeth Jane, -eldesV"daughter of telate Lord. George ~Stuart sonL of the first Marquis of Bute. The'presentp-eeruns-accessfn]ly contested the borough .of Tamworth at the geniefal ~lection in 1841; -with the late Btighit Hon. Sir RobertPeel and'Captain RdwardfL.A'Court, and at the next "eneral election: Sir Rtobert and his brother, the Bight Hlon. "Wiin Yates Peel, were returned, but the health of- the latter' right hion. genttleman falling, be resigned, and Captain Townshend -was returnedl to the Houise of C6mnmons withbut opposition. RME SEN'TATbO OF RocnnsTgx.-T 'an ticipation that the vrit for ,the-election of aniember for the city of ocetrconsequent on the retirement from the House of Comn f he-Hon. Trancis Villiers, 'wil be issued immedaeyafter the reaiserablin; of Parliamaent, both parties inthi city are indefatigable m their exertionis t-o secure the return of their candiclate. Mr. W. H.L Bodldn, who.has been brought forwAar by the Conservative party, addressedl a crowded meeting of his friends and supporters on Friday evening, and was most enthusiasticaly received. -In t-he course of his speech he statedl that he-shoulad not offer any embarrassment- or opposition. to the present Government if ho saw that the1v were determinea to carsy op the mnig'hty war in -which this country was engaged wi%th a-xigobar equal to the resources of this zreat.eiiipire. Hfe declare&- himself a firm supp6rter of the present institutions both iun Church and State,,.but.at-theasame:,tim-b would not oppose any safe andneedfulxreform~, provided he saw icparaountinecessity for them.~ ,He alsq thdiikht the saiffiage might be'sifely extendedl if, fromi theire ducatioi,, thoee who were now deprvived of it showea.themtave ca3pable of exercising it.' He deidta ewas in favoua of the ballot, as liis opponents had falsely asserted.' A resolution pledWging 1the electors to support Mr. Bodk-in Was movedl by MrW.' . I NTicholson, a county m 3agistrate, anid secondedl by Al1derman Clements, and carried unan- iOtisy. Mr. P. W. Martin; the Liberal candidate, who has been canvassing the city for -about a month, also -addressed a; meetinq of- the Liberal electorson Friday evening, la. J. 1oard, one) of tLe' city nmagistrat cuyn h chair. Mr Martin said he was decidedly opposedtotighrc-rats, 'whch. he considered an unsuttax, not only upon Dissenters, but also on members ofte establishment. He was an advocate -for en extension of the suffrage, in favour of a lar- -measur of reform, and awarm friend of the-wokin &;aZe. Therieindsof both candidates appear confident of success, and there'is no doubt thfat the contestwill] be the closest-that has occurred in this city for several yers Mar. Bodkin appears. to be held in high estimation by certain of the electors, aind, notwvithstanding his defeat in 1847, his friends say 'he wil he re~turned at this election by aconsiderable majority. He commences his canvass this dey. The Administratlive~ Reform. Association have sent diown some lecturers to enlightein theT citizens on-the questions advocated by that association.- -THE RREF=sENTAFIox oF TAvIsIoex.Mr. J. S Trelawny hias aunounced his intentio6n of becoming a camdi- date for the borough of-Tavistoc)4 in comiplian;c -vdth, a,requisition which: has been sent to him by sonte of the electors. The loion gentleman, after exprossing his great desire-to obt-ain a seaLt in Parlialnent, s~as-"-There is littletoasldto foriner'stAemehts of any opinions. Houselhold suffirage, votebyhballot, economy andeffcidencyin-theadminis-tration of depar-tm-ents, unsectarian education, and complete equality of religious conuinunionsx in the eye of-tlie lawv are still the watchwords of' iny political creed,. towliichtiue and reflection have added strength., Few ofmy. hief friends and instructors now remain; Hume, BxflIer,, :Molesworth are numbered withi the dleparte; buit their deeds-anrive conspicuouis in many a page of ouir statute law, and in t'he impove coditon f GeatBriainandher colonies. Followig vry umbl inthepathof uchmeni, I hope to aid,
Z r OllOwrng works WMil be frind 110tr4deatt"e&A ll5htol the iAboqtg i&,t D eatW ~. LEPSAGEYLTCHO. dePJAS,1itnc*Sbectior of P.e- A -ling r y u1rnce. Witht chau;rIs . i MeKmVI.OtnRgil d gh m Wilson,: Eoyal .Eu ch'anre; anid M.sres. Longman. irrirugham WilsOn, lL;BoyalErcharrga nrtza toL'h dea ai - - Tenth lUO 8*-yv,hNo t; 8 UIatybuDu f-MMMInIMENCH II~)O~Eitt&Tojg a etof Exercie. lor Vno ar,eervf th,e rrcrir sia ge onalelaeIto enable im. hysneans of_practlne to ext' -mhln.~lsugnt -toeorean y,pleof life. ll;llogbamNilaoix ii,Roalk,chaye aatessmLonZorrgmar, i -z -. EEYto ineG Friziel -CONY O N, Tjilado, p totrice i Cd, T E hes'laPEETst Chau thrn. Thkyg1 ic e.rt- th he rent ~~ topic ~ 'P uofls Ifrlinnbam.ilnsou, 11, toya±g ; d r o l rigltheditim,nice 2&, Deartly boutd. - EBPDAGE:s LST' .iP'REXCE; or tl5e Lts_5 eisD51l.o' /cCh-OrSh1Unar DisyD, in.aS'eresofgho Vrb=folhlch s tocby qrn~tiua as Exerxwis-, aith the CI figantWlson Zyal ExcllhaV4a; a~nd Keg"ru Threed oluone penries 9 cl *gh, L~L~EehSTRENCHSCB.OOL; cpimprsirsi ,De Pari" *Gift of Conve=ton'`ad U3an Step to TeasStep t leah.'wu haves, Ctanmar superior, rnouroptaloo,h4- rhatdedit. 'Whilst thim tib~e tweksof e library for the student in French. sad St 0i l9 uneamnut f Ing irin At onc to Rl~~cbarsge ;-and Messrs. Lont nan. - i[ons. LJe Prl.Gul?s f, Bs}swTUT0 iDn J1±EhNCH is ta' EXchg; and MreessLsr den ilibliFreench.cloth 4oro comparative ieee of teEgihadFct dorlbi rnia difference "This is Plain anda er mnet t t Einghan AVilho E e andide&sra. Longn2n. I i on 7oLl2mn, i.d uclEydo,pricefrcid ; orelelpantiy boun4 ted fo t bo rz ook. Irrioslis.. GE PAGE'. -PETIFltSEE de LIfYJERATURE FRA lAISE elegant Extractsfrenthe most elinent Writers oFa'nre,rose 8b rindsere ed ithaeldue regard to morals and " heseliimn e hlrnatog lan,'ticee Of Frrscli Literature ahd pcintans ar1-e qwell chosen; the hook turmsh a haendisome -olume, and vntausa lrge uantty f iot interesting mattentll-Spectator. -l.ngban Wison,oiRyaul Ixchinge ; and teas Lowman. MONES, Wight, ad - Meesor -of ALL N1ATl0liiS. with th&r, n frgiandlt Juoust, new,edition,coe=-5 tothprsettie,12.in cloth, e aST: a laual of Exchanges in A5fESv tJH sOURof Exchange ar.dilull];n ;ais Tipp,ol eu to tla n Molthyu Weights, and Measures. caritDtheir EqiIr.sstain Lughe and Freneuh, accordingto the Presen practice op all trading nations. CyWnaaA~lOt tl~i, Author o" =The Guide to the Exeaug: nd enss.Lonuan JlhaOi~s~i~wSYSTkp of BOKKEEPIG -lighth edition, justerst-Thr stui Mcns o Pre-entng rudi, Error, =4a irzr.lenscntin Cash E Transactions,fandin the Bereipt and Delia vy f tths& G re a comple-te Systemt oDfB ~gb obeEty tt oi ilustrationoftnterest Accounts and Joint Adventurs, andv a ,ew Mlethod Of .flookkeepmrg,- or Double Entry b,y Single, D GEORGE JACKSON. Acceunrazie - wo can concidentiousy addour 3iced of approesi to that of thu mlany who have already pvtoean,ec S in the same task, anve strongly recommendL it to general adoptrein--Ath Etiugham Wilson, Il, Royal Exchanges; ann me g 7s. h 7sratAttin- r.lDo0K 1~-4- do~th, l ATheDETIS and lttEVENUli$ o all NAXiON.Itz aout rI change. cloth, eth a s t terior of the iew Stock Ed.. I"SN B UOtncLPNDIUMnL of the FNGLISH andt .RE.tGe FUNDS, Manks, Raxiwan dM is,d Johat-Stock Companies; forning anf i r one of the varios Objects of Invertment andSPeusstionhich arenegotiable in Lonnon; wittsanAcocoutet the ebets and Revenues ot al Natios Tables on tie Public Deb:t Stocks Banks, Pablic Companes, andthe Ins ann Itegulations or hre StockExchage, 'frmielirrr einttion,ceised,crrected,andbrought dntothepresenttime, " tisco2pleteguide toenieptment6 is tl Onuyrenalbl authurity upon these snbjects."-.Idorning Pape. hEnct. hn, Wison, ii, E yarxlrane;aiitsrm Lougmas CHtAwreai -A irh . Lc=nu one voLn, bice It2s. cloth, R. DOT BSLEDAY's S.EOAC =and 3MONE. i.n TAsyl 1aiSTORYt: a bh3lin cij Monetary, and StatisMical hlistory of England, from tholbevotunion or 1688 to theprlesent time, divedpxincipaliyfro(uff 5,,Do.=ts, ByTilOBtAStDOUBLE. DAY, Req. "A work of absorbing huecst and uncomxionreseareln nsu have testeditnnuutoy, and beoC ie it strict fro n ateisntn lf s ionably dtenr in its statemexim"Biactwoos bacdgh Magazine. Eiugha2 s Wilson, 11. Royal Tacnasle. SAE UIIto oth e^n Nicemprove edtof , Dr.i cor Ss,idooh, "FT. I IVE STME b S cLL Exnposition of tne Aa ccntne Salc3, eslfd cainBof arnvestuent, and oferne Liability to eeaioan 3Iandass, B' ROBERT ainTBle, A . * olertoth ifsidenhmo, Al Berkshira. Roth capital, eist d and lwer l art hed os narin hints in iies 'o' i'-LlOhsrrer"WV owof no pblctoinhihsha varifmofsotnd tofortiv ndiscontainE gmlobe. Engh Wilon, TRoyalExchange; nod Messrs. indpkin. BorULLlOnd Pi,tEllClfA, htokes. &c.-Int41Do_, sdcloth, are oveef3:as ie'das them gmasweigt hitof golsandanverdts i MffJafj,c Cashier, enkts of Enga Tm°pBowbicisptoceed a Copy of th tofnrsC icatai, rap9, establishing t-he onne tie etandar dEr unit of tBoyght, Exilngbsnsiasnd blsjlr, BongmoaaEchange, PI.rITIGSS frtat all o per CE editionatereotyped, and warranted -tree r o onf tre. pages, price qen,d. boud incloth, 3 ov oo, t per t cet, (1 ThERSA I M' NEREST ancl DISCOUNT pcnsTableto, capnediat 21,3 , dl Fr4eand5 percnrt. Theyaem also acconpnledwiectla of TimeY Rand rokeragt Thisrcork ak is emitiydistinguaished n fomaothees an the same subjct by faclit o reernce diticossat type. and3 acuxacy of calculation. It ls cotans womor ltesofinterest than any otherbook. Ecing. hamWlson, publis.It, R Exchang and Messr Ionan. Committee of ock Exchange, I pdio,rie 7a. 6d.. cloth, AILWAEE BRYCS or TOOKe CALCUULA-TOR. Insrane andother Con, at anyc fromhthe eenthonet pound stetling, or Is. rhar- , sip t ln valu,a fro' one share to 50. ApplicablealnGto for Co enlh Stock or Bods and for other hisan d a oem reheteTibIa of Incomea. .DWNRIIS, E1Ngfugham ilon,1. l anrk Ehang1. MODEL of LnTER of BSINEO.-oCrlerks ~Schools Z=.- oust Omit, neirand improved edition,price s cloth, DRACTICAL LEIERC ofILE CORRESPOND- ENEwt otes, Critical and Explanatory, an A~dir ontainigrfcnlis , r mAccoent ae Bis of l ading. Bnelt ot Excthainge, nnd M itiler Tecnic aolicties talso Ca Ex rdauaion of thl Gerons P n ule, asapplicable o the Iondolatione of. Exchang SitI eiton rrvsrl ndenlarged. BS WUIIJAA ANDERSON. "A mostc prehEnveoand cmpte EffingPam amce: 3nd andn Wiso, I,ROa Echng;un MrLon, atu r ToTIAVELER M.E Zerh nts ad Shi ofies-rs Cs. cloth ITHE C :O SA i eiisof .L forthaie prle g eB , Du cties, Juisdiction, ad erouinly tinng mtauthe L omamws ersei Coul reanod ons by wd theyan, anengoaer s besel wha thes elatirgto Sheitawnemchpandf overehnt shtipohmase, captain, amgbavUmW1scn Chrqnide,Ecingham WilEsonw Ad. tyExban an d er.ongnn. - .t, P IO}Lrn C1or to hePEOPLE of ENGLAD-liecev edition,impried SCHONBEl?;STB G t. WgAbl 31.di: lloy3 pExme: to.Sd wsi, . b loth, G m ;ist TISST O C frANCY o nf I.uETlx aCletion ane vnh mogrtsae CFEonvr,s.a-t,onmd iuL Mrec and k 6L Ifor theb Peopi . B JaOaN hbet DEiY Jrn. of" te Dcmalni temdencat and egmcs of the ar ina of knXech in I - th janguena lors land reann:te statdi Das'f-t exe eudrorotiePeant htllsu arl bay arin Egands istht wich hallis hitherto enoo much yeressimedastm,otihEam ercury. EDingham Wlsond, xh.e a oyl Ehvalng,p vew and improved edition, in ao ddnoe wition. p2ric.e 6 clotha, ysHeR ILn e W IrST. STEPtto pt(ain o , pisI.a. or IATE, ' EsXPI o tO,ndThaon I,le h to nmrs; th e ing a 3ClCIonof Pog FamUliar md CSo forsavon in arenh and English, soiind Pafralleln be!dtweentrePonudaitro Eetymr ooy cKdeyntoteAnddo of thel Parts of Spmeech intlanguages, Exchnge;m WilMson,Roylxhnge;andMr ssi.emn wnfd mproed edition, inrr accordanc with tirr. Monetary JLV shaUC ontaininge arvnt -eop6t De,cvi3n mhs nro Sogre6o then Wrl, and their two paciats inoneolmri tseparatlyPact. ..Part T , lecLoth, n Key toL therbAuth or'fEeet cofmomera ritciaetAit i. Ti Exchange; and.telssm, Lougmnan. itedtNncreated,bounedoloo, rical bon3& ic s d rMEs EYLME ooteEf f CO? COLtIa IET.cr o n mtmatinnanisre pnItePiep tionrespectingthoBe ~is hrei ExclExhane dhless.Lnon TATE'SOI EY to-the EULEofTME NTS ditof imME-ovd heraftr hgirde inhiscomerira cacultios.EtfInZiram Wilson. MrENSURlATION for MECHANICS and ARTIEANS&-Tlrixd thuuvrithim rtnt Additionsl&, i.bound in cloth,Is C,; M ENSUATIVIN IIADEEASY ;or', the Decimal IVI.Systemn for tho MMilon, wilsitsApplciction lo theDaily Em. ILgymCuts of the -Aatizan and Mechanic. By CELAItIES HOABB, "Itcnruch cunimhebe wd in lirsise'lafthis exoellent little work, by w%hich arithmetic in all its compLleationsisrenderod.aslimnpeasthsI alphabet."-Weekly Dispatd ch.Ioulco, Effngbana Wilqon,purblisher, 11, Royal Exehenmge. Serventh edition in aaleatpu6cket Voteme. Ic. C, 'bound, E .NGLISH COMPOSfITONnnid PUNCTUATION JAFAMInLIAILYE-XPLAIN.EII fortihose whohoiveneglected the srsrdyofgcamniam ;ud wherein forcigneerhwo maybu'e IarntgEnglish esillalso dad information callcolaterito facilitate thele-oprozmessintho unltrstadin~of te lesnag, BytISTN Bes U.Al I'ewaadbimprovededition. withitWoodcntfs in thc Ent stye at the art,Srortboendi of Harey. prnce saC.,uel,a9Ur1tound, cloth _Silt.,or ulaledsl l srstit. gilt eOgeS, 4iCt X l HSTORY W AITHOUDT an ENo. lrom the SLGerman.- IIySAItAHA IN. '"Thlilis&ddllglrtflfsiyle. e are l indebted tolor. A ofstin fone titerary work or another, bt ournyreiltrcbildrcnt thon her for ibis. Tbihohalv "ether is a linterasl gesTsbAth hoeuhe ldon, e.flagbs'zi1Won,1.ona4 Exchenge; slad loodman andCo. IGISOItY of MEGLNsD in INE-This day. ttih e ditl,, wOtb -u lrs oetsistshI mp,ortlas ut Ail a oth. - U' HYM zES for YOUJTHTL HISTOllIA1S ODn 1 ti re H}ISTORY n f E.NGL,AiSD. brouht doa t to the Present 'ime, r ith a brIef Chronloogry oa ,A.ncLnt end a odsha I aOry, Iu, H Ro Eany asethere of the coRmmon irs oS iife rhich hav iteea tau,gir in eaoly pra by tho help of ainte."-Dr. nttls lnabI slaw,n, publisher. ILl, Bal Exchange; and Mlesrs. L dogman ,-oG}IS VinITOmls COt PAION to tePAI NU MHII TION.. -Just roeldy. axti edition, scithimpostant Additions, andaKlrevto YRrendsaPronunrlatlnn, inapzoctable pockel. volume, prie I in lli Hf FRENCH: PROMPTER: a-ia Eattd. ! olofConvrsatims in Eelll and F:cih hlhaeticallg SAsranfed: contal'i alitheWoeolaandPhcaaesinrobanltue, Dv Mfona. RF PAC.'R ,nthnr ot ."IlEeho de Pnris,"*e "Tlhe btt baook of the clas pablialsed - Itfithe maost cDlmplteirand.lx>Rof convesa tion have rae,n ais.Itha best arv4.d-Doontm 6 JEsdin. X * an Wilson, l,RoYalExchangBe: an d3beSows,Ieognan MIIN " COST-DOOri 6SSTEIL-IJltebiiabhd,ii8s pIde -IL bound ia doUt, ,ARSTSE on BRwITISH MININ]G; withl a DictfSl Coat-Book System, Stanise, acelGonecltlnr Laws,; ISyTiIOHS BARlTLiYm AgenDt, Isedon. ' week t i-invalluable tO prties engg. in lig"- a Jpgj £mugheWilcel,I;lsoao,
SALES BY AUCTION Useftl Furniture and Effects, removed from the Panteclnicon, tho lpet of a General Offlcer. ~II.PHILLI] P ll SELL by AUCTION, at his mreat Rooms, New Bond-strce n ednesday, Jan. 9, at 1 presc-ely, tbe genuine modemn FUR TsURE: of a Country Residence; comprising a rosewood drawing room suite, mahogany dining room and llbr-ury ditto, large glcasis Brusels and other carpets, sets of curtains, omnamental items, appendages of principal and seceondary chambers, clea.n bedding, services of chinas and glass, basement requisite, gardrn roller and implements, and a quantity of useful effects. nlay be viewecd the day licevions to the sale, and catalo6nes then had at the offlco andi Ancient and MAodlem Pictures. 1R. PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his LYE Gallery, Nc vBond-street, on Tuesday, 15th inst., at precisely a COLLECTilONof pleluingPICTURES, formed from tbe ancientand motlern schools of art, includUng examples by tbe followin mastcrs:- Cannacd Wouvermans Knylenburg Gaiushorough Ruibens Teniers Berghem loppner Sraneveldt Vanlereldo Ketscher J. Wilson Canalett, Ieghers Brauwcr Sir J. Reynolds. Slay be vieweed on Saturday and Mondiay preceding the sale, and catalogues then had at SIr. Phillbpss, as above. Furniture, Linen, Plate, China, Books, Cabnet Pianoforte by Broad- vrood, and Double-action Ilarp by Erard. R. TINDALE will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premnesm 5S, Bromley-stret, Commereial-road, Stcpney, on Tuesday, January15 at 12, aU tho weU-ta FURNITURE and EFFECTS of the late 3'iss Forbes Cataloguesmay be bad of tho auctioneer, I, Portland-place, Commercial-road. To Drapers, Hosiers, Berlin audUmbrella Dealers, and Paperhanger. BROWN and SON will SELL by AUCTION, at tlheir Rooms, 25, Fore-strcet, city, on WVednesday next, January 9; atll, 600 lots of DRA1'ERY, hlannels. lnens, Berlin gools, SOehldrens rich dreses, 100 doz. shirts, ties, iand bands, 4D doz. silk, bone, and alpaca unbrellas. 60 doz. gentlemen's collars, carlpets, furniture, perambulators 2,0DO pieces of paperbangings, and other goods. Freehold Investment, at East endof London. JTOHN HIND will SELL by AUCTION, on Thurs" day next,: t 1l at Garraway's, a FREEHOD GROUND RENT, of 35 perannum, amplbsecnrva on fpremises at thecornerof Club-rowv andAtndror-street, ShoreditchL PartiliLars are ready. and maybe had j at (aTrvaiays; Ou the premises; of Messrs. Ellis, Phili s, and Co., 12,Clements-13ne. city; and at the anetioncers offices,3, CannonI street-road. Comnmnereral-road east. At, srateas iliscelL-nics. and a Collection of Birds, Eggs. 1lrI. &J. C. STEVENS vill SEILL by AUCTION, at 17.T his great Boom,' 3S Ring-street, Covent-garden, on Friday, Jarnary 11, at lprecisely, PHONOGRAPHIC, Galnic, and other APPAlRATUS, dissolving views, stereOSCoPic picturmes agin lantern, slides &-c.: a collection of birds eggs fromn Ipland and other localities, birds in cases, revolving pistol, olhi china, books, jewellery and minellanies. Maybe viewedonthedayprior,andcatalognushia Many tlloned oiEee ouf laosi,,'sos-di from the GreshamnLibrary, IVIR ~~~~~Cheapside- HI)GSON wil SELL by AUCTION, at hs new Rooms, the corner of Eleet-street and Chancery-lane. on Wedneatl-y, January 9, at half-past 12, tho whole remaining STOCK of MODERN BOOKS (saved fron the late fire at the Gresbam Ibrary, Cheapside), comprisng the most popular voyages, travels. biographis, histories, novels, romances, &c. To bo viewed, and catalogucs sent on Iapplication. Modern Household Fluniture, Pianoforte, and Effects, removed frwnu Hammersmith. B. E. THOMAS will SELL by AUCTION, at his LS. Gallery 35, leicester-square, THIS EVENISG, Jan. 7. at 6, HOUSEIIOjLD JFURNITUsJIS, comprising iron an(d other French bedsteads, wool and hair mattresses, beds and. bedding, marble-top washstands. toilet glasses, chests of drawers, winged wardrobes, tabaret curtabis, rosewood and nmabogany chas, sofas, conches, and eas chairs, loo, card, and dining tables, pedestal sideboards, cheffoniers, Bn-selsandothercarpets,bookcases, duina, glass plated ware, and itchen requisites. On vie morning ofsale, and catalogues badatthe rooms. Modern kurmtur, an Original Painting by Morland, 3asIqueterlo Corner Cupboard Oriental China ConsoleTAble and Glass in carred frames, a Cabinet Pianofort-, and Effects. R.IGEORGE ROBINSON will SELL, on the IP aremises, Wo. 22, NqttUing-hill-terrace, Nottirg-hi2l, To-raorrow, January 8. at 11 for 12 precisely, by order of the Executor, lhe FUfJ2NITURE: comprising sets of diningand other tables, pedestal sideboard, Turkey. Axminster, and other carpets, silk hangings, chintz and other curtains, or-monlo lily lights and ornaments, afew books. kitchen requisites, and effects. May be viewed the day prior and catalogues had on tlio premises, and at Mfr. Robinson's offiees, 21, OldBond-street. No. 6$ Denbigh-street, Warwick-square, Pinlico.-Excellent modern Furniture, Cottage Pinoforte, Linen, Plate, &e. aL[ESSRS. WELSFORD and Co. have received inLV structions to arrange forpublic COMPETITION, onFriday, the 11th ist., the handsome YFUNITURE and EFFECTS of tho above residence. The rhole of the property is of frstassmanufacture, and .vill be fully described in future advertisements. On view Thursday and morning of sale. Catalogues on the premises; andof the auctioneer, 15, Quecn's-road, BaYswater, and 35, New Church-street, EdgeArare-road. Abasoite Sale.-Long Leasehold Premises. M ESSRS. BROOKS and BEAL have received inM structions from the Mortgagees to SELL by AUCTION at tthe If abms, 20, Piccadilly, on Thursday, Jan. 24g atFi the LakSer ffor 99 yc3rs,atagro-.md rent of £10 peer anm) of partly iohished PREMIISES, icing No. 6, Alfred Villa, Ifighgate Ar,chwvay, with extensive gardens. The house contours good halls, 13 rooms, pantry, larder, coal and wino ellars,Li$e. The tenanlts ame free from toll at the Archwfay gates. Printed particuarus and orders to view many be obtained of J. C. Sf. Stead, dEsq, solicior, 45, Bedford-row; and of the auctioneers, 200, To Cabinect, Chair, Pianoforte, Looking-glass Frame Makrs, Builders, WR. HENRY OPPENHEIRI vil SELL by AUC- TIONo at 20, Old -street, St. Luke's, onTuerdoy Jan. 8, at 1n.-l logs of CUBA, Spanish, and Honduras AL1fOtsA1t, 10,000 feet Spanish mah3ogany innplanks and beards, 20,000 feet Hfondumas mahogany in planks and beard2,0400 feet mzale in the solid,S5,000Dfeet maple veneere, and 1,000 feet fine mahogany veneere. tsfy boviewedthe day prceeding and moring of sale. Catalogues to be had o£ the auctioneer, e0, Olit-street, St. Euksrs, near the churchd Pianofortes, by Broadvrood: olLard and Collard, Wornum and Sons R. SCOTCHER Nwil SELL byAUCTION, at the PensRooms, 21, Old Bond-street, oIi on Ws dnesday Jan. 0, at 1 for 2,upSvards of FORTY newr and stcoed-hondoPiorOFOoTboincluding a magnidgentfhus-'ompuasgrand, by Efornno, and a 7-octavc grand suare, by an eminent umaker, in beautiful roseWood case, severa cottages, piccolo, vmi-grands, and squars by Broadvoed and other m Iakers also hatrps hanronims, concertinas and other mnsical in. strumnets. Slay be viewed the day prior and morning of sale. Catalogues had at the rooms;* ad of the aS3 tioneerso 70, ororimerastrect, Caveadiash-sqluare.__ Oxford-street, Bboomshury.-Tcs Boot and Shoe Slakess, Fixture corn l.01b.Sadlera. t * s ewnutardealers, Liei balf. Rs.SAinDegr, wgllon SEcLL b5 AUCTIOn ontld hth Premises 471, Oxford-street. on Thursday, January10, at 12, the well-selected STOCK of anBOOT*and SHfOE MAKII; comprising ladies' lgead,ews,yontahs, and chldirens hebots and shoes. elegant gascfhandelies, sauperiorpaent 10-lghtgsalmeterby Edge,afor outside lanterns comijaetd. excelent fire-proof iron tafe, mahogany framed selow-ases, weh s My be viewed on Wtednesday preceding thc slae, and cr.talognes had of Mies:es. Armstrong and Phi s, soliitors, Gu,dhalchambers; and at the auctioneer's offlces, 413, Or;ford-lsttect, Bloomsbury. Commercia Sale Boomfs, 44, Faringdoustreet, one doorfro adotber.- cih-Stner; Fixtures, Fnrniture, sd Effects of a Grocer, Oilmane, and Drysater, umder a Bill of Sale- Pryne v. twndr,u 'rmler an attachment Eficks v. Sutton.p-Abstleto and unreserved Sale, jj[ESSR PLGREEN and SON will SELLcbyiAUCandsTION,BLDtheir Rooms As above, ThEI DaAY. Janaary 7i at 12 forl, the genuie SIOCK, Fixtures, PonsholdFurntuse and blfees comprising 1.50001b. S.adier and Slest's new mustard, ItelLiujubiube 10 bat-a.inds. vinegar, 100galo s pic1des, 2S dozen botted ditto, white and bLack lead, brorhn paper, ah gallons new bottles and jvn, teas, coffees, epiacs saouces, rice, pePpers, eat .; also su o mahogay-top count.ers, desks, apanEleabnrieg exceSlent mahogany fittings, containingtO0drawers, a Synres' ehopperand block, beams, welgluogma. chine, v eihts, shelving, gasfittings, Le.' together with clean feather beds, bedduig, iron bedsteads, -chess ofrdrawvecs, asbalb3ands, a We-Iss's patent comm od, cheffoniers concies, carpets rugs le anf other. ofblesz dLinscy md drewddnm neshoganybookcauianlescHitouse 3 GU STUS cMT r cc y tnu o stout iron sates, handsomwe gilt chair, new patent mangle, kie. On viewv, a~nd catalogue3 bad at the auctioneers offcecs 1R flatten-garden; and at their slae rooms. Susse..-dforovmn West Geinstacha, Shipley, Warthe, ueithrst, an Boaney.-Vasuable Frectholdas dLeachold Ewstates tLTESSES. PLUsp ER and cSON ceave reeived b iaILLw structions from the Proprietor to SEBLl. byAUlCI'ION. early in tbe month of February next, in lots, the following FREE1s I t anCILEASE1101D ESTUATES, in the above-named perishes:-Ira Horebuam, the Manor of E{ewdlls, t-he manor-house offices, pleasure grounds, and meadow land- the mesyuagc-. coach-konse, stables and meadowv land; the Barrack fields, mal&ouse, cottage and mtedow land inthe Wortising-road; the Tow;n-mill house, and lands; * adimill-p)ost meadows, North Hfeath Farm, 'Pondlail Farm, Ianghur35 Pansm, Laghural woods,apeLLand Farm;3 house and lar.d, 31ilwards, copyho4d itt Pondinil-lane; Old Park Farm,3 Hawlkebouru Farm, .Channel'sbrook Farm, MXlies' and Spooner's Coppics3 and land, Star Mleadow: Burnett's.Ieadow, intheBRsprroad- Star Field, opposite the Star Inn; -White's-bridge Farm; Bentonp'slaeo Farm, in WVe3s Grin.steadandShipleyj Hioney-poles Farm and Windmill, in Shipuley; Wil oe Fann, in W' arnbam:; Elliott and Steed'sFmrn, in Nnthm3ot; Grnbb'e Farm, in Bohney.-lforeluu, Jan. 1,1550. GrosvenOr-house, Rnightsbridge-geen-Sl of su3perior Fturniur - Pianoforte, Chmey-glasses, GiltChina Fireproof Safe, WVardrobo of LinEen, China, Pantings, E:ngravins, a-ad many yiiluable HIouse- A UGUSUS ShrERis instrutedtoSELL by 8R en3dfollowng cays, atf e2ach day, teblehole of the snperiorDRAw-, lliG, Dinling, and Breakfast ROOM FUILNITUIIE, wvhich ineludas 12 vrainut chairs in Frencheatin da3mask, ditto ebeffonler writh plate-glass io correspod, splearlid lee tables, diin and caret ditto, noble cthm-- ney-glasses,timepieces, ornaments, oil eainting, engravingsti carpets. regs, fenders, sofas, eonchc, s i3d eay ci a; the contents3 of mae3 bod roomsn., inwhich arc tour-post and halltester bedetead, mattresses, lIalIla4sses, bestwbinafe3tberbedrs, blankets and coanterliarles, gttndsi and tables wvith marble to3rs 3n fittings, commnode bfdsteps, toilet glasses, Lie.;c 0 te i vol fthe kitchen reurisite s, £mubraelng ratenteastiug and steanmooinhg apparatus, Ac. Sta-t be'iwes-ed on masondy 7thbe, tedaypridr to sale, a3ndcatalogues Tire Tdeifutbie manionobcetvitSvtY- -plt IUtFi:ihucinf and dther '141 TAS~HJimreeied4iftticin. -to SHLL-by. .YAUCTION, on 'th re uc~Bgi 'r,Mitcharn, Surrey. jHlS DAY January 7ga tliri~i eclsely.a thremainlagniodervi FUItITUtI, choloceGreenhooge =lns and Effects; Inclndingz -aitai- ahogany fouer-posft bedsteadsf,-exoicllnt beds anid bedding, chests of-d sv,er5,-W&shd&nds asadrestgtable% walnnit-trmoo etretables' o. lul so! eandcattablM ogansideboard, sofa, ictt ofeass exedn tab pas~enuiers,lr-su, diel cati coaca,fueitas, oirangron, other Deed Fterlriig hock e. , lisa binrn~ ~woured ith ihtin AUCTIO ea ls. PrMiers Bigi ar baig e hemin l thvluebdeolVl adm welt raragehrses,pfor Shie, neak turkTIe."o, for wbee1watrdito eh h Jirbe ohn bared, wA. k art-ie, ier - cart BooRSHby's to arnounso t'hat th couci drlln e. NdET1 -oanurabre MANSIO ise landgrolfer. CrSALE: ,yatn A TIVin th foloine lgblrgcr aehie eaCtnpluhbocce, FrtuDay's,Slo geeseaucks, usefutim Januory heCeweight, aboen- 90oa fIXCdigYCO n salaibsatek poles. Io clts ' deon ld Dayo UqbTusda,pmc:rton, oublman1 I.Th oFuhrniuess,egp,bs-idls., ad 6mcTbodseelaneu fcmts, oaykbeiewed rmuthe daprteingo and clooming of slebT, efand eahillogand otainedm furt- thr,eeprimncialItdchambe;athe rawi nd roo mthe, ormuensof(r iterta, sutmmar pee, estato and land, agntd gls8 ad,C furoite-row f thae. house, o will heforica2eed on aplication Mifrod-laus,neaf Staud.wToh, Chembi ante, Dthe re0idened ot harles *w SS JohnS'I ' Mare, Ese.in EL Th.mCONTENTS2 -Of flee bove MarSION bl ara gd o S 4idinsqf dxoed.Ixtngivcholeosneltamble hWines.pc Tahumesad ngavng.T e,ptho- library, entrane-al and othieme gi niue. - .ESIEDan ONEbv r- Athuirdtt's-wSale, TrIay egxt5PiUo n rdy January flTha8edse of th io .tems, T moe BrLatCKScrof TTURMRLE, chnon ls,adfurvetre ofute quuarty aequIrTgos theapendilagles for seenlpt-ories, trenl tmownbitA cx[arraew, et hamdexsas.ed sadles 40thng BndoeenhofV epnandSclian Onarblew thi dayUn qandito-Morrowviwe, and eata logues obtind aoth theapreion;at d the h rruiauctionns tNut40, Chraentster, e; of Cessrs Exched-ange. Strovedb-T Ca imerhntlswMCbtretkeesnd.tes MESSRy.EVERUSFIELD) and HORNE hallveLrL AUvdisrctiO,ons otheDi'rectoemolif thlae, Stroand, Tom83aeroejJsuie8d at-roi fortb 1hyorder of theay Jaroprietor, eiatho HORSES, akenfremconstan 'ork ofx faour-e wesgons, aone on springs, 7handsone CHLteN-wgoi wPEigigmcieC 0 olsc aseortmenew), ernamenttal merebmass anda rarietyso othber fet& Maybe viewedonedayprevious, indcltdingu be innh premisest Tlmeahak.200 fetofMabl Saban afi xew Baoe s. JAWviusand ctateralousha on the prckeyistae, aof theCosreautivoner MESSRS. EVEESFIELD) and HORiNE willvE rL Wele ntutost LLby AIJCTION, on the PremIss 7adI, ot-o,XwroadwerCarptoPaneau hrHaech o umonesday s Januar 3, atl12for1 prOFIEsey1o0MpristBLeemltoIol'eaYPIdcS,Dopsperistorandoetna- Tohip, gnirideery,jit variet ouastlern, clomrisn several hpandshaomely doculptured in eatuary sanduolyre cables, angn tratmen,o Thamo? Pems-hkT wiulth Rsdec aaond Suilderg, and Jotherswo. MESSRS. EVFARS]IEtLD and HORNE hare inceivd lstrctinafom he ousguesrt SEL byT ..UCTIO for , TET BolleCio of STATUAR MAIL, fvrypr Sarb1le, -of xerlnt quality.e Mhaynbe iewe,~ Pandfertlges, halonks th rmssand ofcUaeu item rectonee-ro,m0 Bariamven-street ord Coale Exhage Sp.roteSMbVO a ix oTHs.al b Ake.VS,,lPL 18, accesleldstret ort. Cty-arl onTuesday, January2,a 15, fe10hAndsogmentoftbNeY-I So aiu ein,ada taa,ontSR.oblss be,hglpbhdnmnteue ntegha manrof heaovne beautsifulmteil-aso2 etohypses OnTatusrydaydeanmahe Not2. inorthes. arp.% vdolwos, crneopthis, Compranytat theExhaibitiesof 18s, an tth aiEpsiino 185,ForthelrrJauf -aturainosespeninetorle. which s bteginingrdlw rcive iytshdueappecito=ncs.tMay be viewe onle wteekapreiou,nd catalogues ad one lthe prns W dftedacineesda, 40, Palimet street, and Coal Exchangeth.28tl GrooLxty=beiwin ime.adat ackn.e.otie,oeapir Aucion started byr the Diretr of Thbe CanISeraiveboard Soiet, to SELrs byaUtIONs, ond Cednesay.los Januay 23illanta themalenofthe maldTerilsofthe mansionhe, aboutl PropertyEEs,tabisheuon the yeat-to comprisoingelm lime pJanear, Ihsns, ant prmr,ad ait offuttESesan DEhsBEN-0,aHAmentSTORReet SN e Afrldn resterialy tonca the Ha tfeynEtatn of the Consevtyc-olentd ceied nstuctonstoSEL byAUCONo thewles Prtemises 1.the exelnt0tEtIISad IFNG ftoASO and o OFFTICE;cmrsn eea oso leard and coper 3slted tie Troosmides oss and qatheraing,n forebarizds =Spanis maogainy doos,plation-gast thbe, autatuaery?o, wlny-iee als pohihted gratalges, ofge cotbopper s,and ather alttins ralso tfor excelletntrusinsumrer-, Lsovet-astout parofncing, erection of grenose,grwngtbr sudbrcs work, peavingler, balconiers, and other e Aecs.olayte viewd,u and ctaloge.-had arte UooftleAs ofgte Scey3,Nof-tet Vi STOCKd of TesAD.EHrrionpriand Lewis 14,zew swellcgourts, 200n-z d.cia-inlf Gedergeu4Dao organ,d Eoarl, surveyo b.Canoiylsandte ;ado-7 chrbr;o fthe auctioner,40calasetcree28, Poulry.~Ecan To JEakSanS thr.Se.fca EESELeas and Goodw areof n- Mae- by lthe Sass 7igneesi -of. tavenLec.tor ofJ bye laUCTION,1 Mn ebarys. thIESHL RMSE,rcnlrce In Clfton-oad, t Joh's-wod; coprisngay7 at subsantilly ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~held fora ogtr,aaowgon2etMye1iwd uyri culcs ad 10 aysbefre ho ale atthe~coof ohnChaplera. Th Ti es Nwspaper, from 1817 to IW55 bound in 68 volumecs, a quantity of Newspapers and Periodicals, aTnaxn's Patent Y*rerrof iSafe, OffileeFixture:sand Fitings, ey and Van,and otherEffects, VijR ROB3ERT REMl will SEI4 at his Roomns .LY.L GreAtMarlborough-street, TBS DAY, Jan. , at'l for 12 precisely, FURLN'ITtURE; compriarog walnult grcing_ room suites in IdaMask, leo caTd, occasionmal, and fancy tables cabinets writh plateglass harks,clImeyandpegasspeetlsdbrs,esofing tables,dining roamand library cairs,bookcases,Bermarlaand other capt,Arabian.and other bedsteads withbangig wadobes, cheaSh fdrer,% basinstands ad dressing-ta'blrs e h ~friue -China, glas and kittiren requisies. MlaybeCreW4rand catalogues had. Windsor Berks.-F!reebold Estates ThISSRS. SPILLIMUN and SPENCE wBil SELL by_ ,lY.LUCTIONg, pursuant to a Decree of the-High Colurtof Chancery, maade inacause "BendingagainbtBending-withtheapprobationofthe) Judge towboso Court thecause isattacher,auttheAuctiunMVart,intba3 city of London, en-Wedneaday,-thd 16th dlay of January, 18e,-atil foml1 O'clock- in the afternoon prod ise n two lots, valuable XREREHOMI HOUSE P'ROPERTY an IUiIG FRONTAGES. Eituate In thebiestpart-of thehOorOmglso Windsor, compiinacapital freeholdhue sh op, an dpremisev. sltumt eon the Cas a e-hITl,nhoe en treofhbruh olsona Freehc.'d Hoose, shop, and premises, sitruate- in Paar.tet end adjoining the Sun Inn, with a frontage of 19 feet,'adnavrg depth ofabout 100 feet;also Thre Freehold Houe,stainb rear of the last-maeutiuned premises, and a valuable fehl lto building Land adjoining the Baul Inn, Ileascod-strec,cnannm frontage of I5feet andan cverage depth ofaboistlO fe,wthasd frontage leading to Barhelcres-acre. May be viewed bylano h trnants any day p)tjvioulyotere -and particuilarswihcntos ~ sae maybe obaindof]lfessr &hrnrs a indlak, Wo.'9, Cook's J SSRS. FOSTEPR andi SON ae 93i y h annuint: and Sand S. Pe-I ne h hv 2 ear ram--oa.d.-.mprmlv Grtund Rntsx. .~jESUS FSTERalid SON Will SELLiby* AtTQ-- T1Ol~,at theMrt.To-morrW'. Aan 1 tZ inlets. :~ba the Excutor of telab 3.mediiott, JIq sso the, bstoa* of hest M. Wn.Joes IPIOVED GIiO6DtIT,5oic buel d fihmor' qter,et of~rCrllet~e,ai Keirt, ner te P ntre .d Zgwae a. iGISZBiSIIi& aaeloo.t- thee prvte Tlion.., iaames- terAee, Waerloovrnd, el orPl5yeaz for n~Ci;Cnitnf ther e1IOeal t8 TerniL re t orh whoa o two. Houe and itop, andelO,am Ine tho tn. M- atron-road, er h ofbhe ana ku f M d wdC j objESSRS. ec FOSTE bny SO 'il EL yA MaY`beyie the Mand Tcum oow Jn 8, atu13, a Trofibraeor. LEASEHOLD P]OPEEfl a& ao nethoen3t; cna~in oEL thre Yinmr £ond.;jsrtsateouses Xo.12 3,Gryslrsur and 1 of Mmestma Durlhr I'all-mial amul sl;o £20 a F eldtcll. riudgelad, Glarnocganghire.-j31 peranunim. Secured on CephldPo Mrt, AtCae en, duingjLllfe wbiclsaeverdb h olc Fror £0 thleEgrtgaudSokhlwltfe Association, with a bonus addedM 10-1853 of £40. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON jill SELLyAUof T30, a t+heMart, To-moso. a S 1ZMi h1;0 aal alf-yearly, oYut of Apteoceefandand-twohonsmate ae-i preen, toM Of 3ridged and pliarh -of- Noweastle, Glanicoprbire 1.4yale duing teIU of a persn agedM,t and a Molicy of 3maurgmoo urMadbuis of"£0ou the same life. May vsewed,&jand parlioulareshdo Robart. BLran., Esq., liddgend; of Messrs. Scott. ruet TiKe-saluable and extenstrvoCollecton-ot_Object. of Art and Vetu or. thelateMnrWilhlasnFo. %of the strand ~fSR .FOSTER and SON"are directed.to MELTj, 4YLYAUICION, at the Goal ,f4.1all-mall, en MondaLy. Feb. 22_ and four followig days, at Ileach day without, resere hrd bcluor. The Executors, the very chiecletofrr bEvRS direcurle 'Vienna, aLnd Oriental CIU'A, bronzes, eav~in Irorg, geri,menos. andintalo,acient chmsed Plate, breiu=et curione watcbe3.Cloeks mablevaseanmd labs, wtllp,turr, stained gb 3noeae, buaiil Rd sojor,. and-mnarqucterieciibinrls escritlors, tables and ornamealg nelublesWall lights and oxrandoler, aL collection of-pictures and aL variety or. obecs fantiquity"ad cueioetty,-seectedI mdeng past3carshytie late, Mr.Foceo, hos ccrctjdgnen god ase,and henourable bear. direct friteP-eodrotyears at low grodrnsrfua '£31 Ifs. per aundrnmenOm.d PJtPEITY.at arrways n Mnda. Jn.21, ati, earttvetnant.andoxtiuisr hadat~~e; ad atClerkeowl. 37obe ol uneran rdr o telvghEon co stcrot~he RoULs_ Valuable easeholdPrpryl go390 40 and 41, Myldelton. - st-!Cierkeriwell; nTe1nsmVina lteeidencee at niemi- rk"s, Cincy oselglefroccupato orinvoetmnent. ]UIALR HALH M the person apointed by tha- A R.tight HonoerbeteMaster of the Rols WMl subfiLit the, above valuable PROPETYto public COSIPEITION, at Garrwoy's, on Monday, Jan.21,at IpreCisoly. May1evirwed bypnerissienofthat0 respective teniants, and particulars hail of 0. A. Macphail, E~sq, solCi.- tor, 13, 1VIlmington-squgre; Charle_s I. Fsq.,G-nspn thOrangTee ,Colney-bateh; ahAglllnto;ada h ufe. to eslo larkeno eli-green, WaL1worb.-Loas;eholdE,stat0 and arudBn 1L~R HASLHA:N.1 will suburit the ude-mentioned .&.1lOPERtTY. at Garraw-oX on Vn Jazmary2l, at. 1, unreservedly; comprising two seun-detached brgickbuilt houses, sfituatei Nor. 56 and 57, Beresford-stret WalworLh-read, and a gonn imort secured uon N7os. 101 and 102, liil-etrect. Walsoorthi-roat leit to Mes respctablequarterlytenants at £43 lOsperanunum May be-r--e'rd by permission atclr a c0 .Mapal a. 3 Vitm ton-square; at Garaway's; and at Clerkonw l-green Music andl musical Inetrunrents. _DUTTICK aid SDIPSON, auctioneers of literam' J prptnwil BELL by AUt7=IONf at their great Items, 19i,, liccadilly, on Wcdnesday January 9, and following day, a large cellec. tdon of valuable CLASS1I5AL MUSIC, ancient and zooderu, verycxtcnsivassemblago of instrmental music, valua:ble scores, verybig collectioni of ilute music, modemr foreigni music, Uc., and rousical in. strumentr ofNvarius kinds. C~atalogues w-Mllbe sent onaPPliCatiDn. Library of the late Dr. Gelding Bird1 hlepia ntsn Photographit rictures, andMiclsenEfcs ~UTTICK and IMPSON, auctonee'rs -of litersr Pico~~ wll SLL y AUTION attheirgemat Room, I.0 To smnall Cattaliets-Eligiblc 1netet lIrR .J. RGIfL bess to announce tbathbe, will i Losubmit to public SALE,At 9arrway's, on Wednesday. Jainuary 12.atIlfor4I, sell-secur ed INfCOME of £52 per annum arisingfrou thre easehold dwdllinq~houscs, situate and being Nos. 45, 49,4ma44Z Puleny-sret. arsbureyFreehod, Isngetou elfratrt aprah ta J.yer,a J.mOdRGILeLron ifaoren,adle ito respmetable tre M EHsiLetnne Can pbei vUCIewdsvN days pwraieros,nu printesda Jartiulars obatained ate the nitc.' Arms,u pethB shinL-street noiG-toU; awt thehramonandgBaoll,okthosnalgen tthe ea tdcteanao be. ing-s Htreet, Chenp,de aobond aet othe aseforaern offcs 21, hel- Oxod-teet, ornero Booltellemr-cublirad.s rtie e j~j7R.J. ~ORGL bas fvoredeivth instructions to, pub1 3'AEblicAUCTION a Gpontheway's, 3 on oeneod bteint2, oThatougrsdayJnu Holbe let oies o t ermEMCA ofwichS ol itcue were dnespimbedatidsummeldfran untexmaires tey lof About20 yOears annum. They pres=entless hav ex perndedma conprsiderabl. sum upc-onrthe prmies wandrit is fir theassume thath bat ther excpirato, of th abovce laneamuch larogeryenthoghwillb raliped. Can obes viaewe' by leaviewofdth teandptsieen ars had to thesdao Ashuls, anld JTained xFdqo, sMlicitor,er, Liuelon'nier ds an Due-trethe Mauctioneer-sOdos.,re 2o5donestmOxfordstetommqure-ofTetenalmdm-courlt-roamiy. e ~~1TTt.J.FURE~dme, wihaposreceioed intutin .J.ubmi AUTIONSL by GarmCTOs, upontheow Panuarycs, at, 30eetor streLEt,E on thursd Jacllnuay2ttl, mcbith BEEENEICIAL LASE o.. thhe-crf desirable rrtd term of ~eldcOrsn urempiredstmax of&about 20. yer,adtevr inagodeut rentr,au of £4 fer annm; at cmpistiong attUhuractivenshopand dellin-hoser of tour sTories,wathpr ivacnatercin Flon-cuthe and xoomeroos, infthe rar, whichprhast beedroccuptieo., as abookelle'snarlandton,tiraltouhelandapthedtomothertrades. PlIny beijewed, ~ and particularsbhad of Meu.Alnrt OdJWz3 oro-Tret GDntran-s,uar.cmaitart moiders m-buithFailr Rr dntonre c (ae intheoossestionfe.Frs b-,ut withoAut I2xon, aThursday Jnury To-morrow, Janar S. at El furl, onthe LE tSEw of thisexellent -oadem-buibgte,FSIbout 7,0bei0pXe. 12rihldio anduteepwho dtcrnstof well-eltelars,tfom thriems field , ahthiu goodrepar, ad dlforipmeinte ccup atindu.. rent tansa exra toryof ed ooms waer end wUatr- caloget-otecbed rooms fiapers, lotyarng welprpareti oned Umreeptio. rVoom,IthSoo SOlcsNd ctnsaraandHA I NGo thel eStiaEdLLue of £110 penury anu.da beollwedgda, antI particulrsha o B. VAGI SICaddnODSq. ;_i, odnstreet; at pGareawfy's; and ofurbn theauctioeer, a thir .tles,I, ernrd-tret. usell-sqare. ct n ToContractors, Bickgnatrris,Builder, and o.Ithers. .ELLISNi Wdireted wil SELLb bAUCTION, a. withou lreservte,en ThursayJauaryh10r. aTooror,th Januay& aIEDS Bicklos, andthbetwhnolebfthewudll-sledPant. of the field, whTichin cludes bydronSEieumpr ithngabout31,00feet ofkpiping, chal sqands puf. maitls crowding, off-erin,nr and hexti= h5sqarrsows theorigatqucintsof roig,lthedsapp,ointmet dofs snthyoutwoportable onigonec-ig 13 items. Ond pview,daybort and mornsn of leadc whn clatalogutes znosyhohaTo he ptresmpises andgat then sauttinfeetr's, 1 40 feeogt.I -street_- without.it obl nshgcdek,conefrnrg Genoa ords, ttmpicloandtrab and olttive S-shqafttycord,f priecsht thick-st cords ends ofthronsterrn, r0apiees6- bupiint, blacic 20 toenumrela, mbelandmateral,c. May be vieweay toe day.g prcein ad omngofsae,an ataloguesba fG had at the- ools,toglorwarded Or slpllcati nd. tteoEe f aLina ChVroapita Bnldnteess.-meemld ose atuRes,oand Nottingsam. a blaELLCIStisgn diarece tofaReiu SELL rb a AU lTION, a-. ,VIe-street TeuesayhJnac-tet omro,Jnary 50 t3i heatron, at-2 capt. GelaeML'oting,hiln ak imbyders,7 qae of th orinage, qaduanetty gosoedithns,modber doom admeularedprthe folloingReversc-iong.y slls. Ayhub macholdnypusei, duln situt nglte d -ess, onexonfaing, a-, samL te ease,omaHoganyuclsets,gsftetins Randfocl iuntiecuty of wrougt Liron b,in;as rhete ocuatind ofther.stoves,mrahges.jca toand siub, latrge strof s ith sgerinewl tadwlste2. layve viewedi dhay NrecedingbanmoGain1gof sadCoe. Ctaompeanyad at daithesofa Fady agcieet Idusovycout, Twerbil; ad attheoffcesof thsurrivonlap 150the isevertiounr intereTU-RNEh R house atRaeidfod otinshamrictas SAX s Contibngethaeof -s thesioduen uindertea Wll-By7 mr. T HThur E,aamyI,ot2for3dsy Janar10 a tfinth atunoon(aes-c4,!at.,be ff StGogesaI Notnbyr -iyrdt thc3fortan ee import ubjEcto enntonstobethe dclred, th follwich ngtRevarouenty In- I?robol Hse,situatea read.ontb watest2nd road,y otAthecorner ofof amst-susretantially binck-bcuilto raot-i~ inteesto alayagonealySt.hret2iveSofhabresoinethqeorttinbarnGas ightandCoTe.rtompanyatowdeath lof alady thembi other sares ofFreehol and FrdandlPaoIft,of terlprentsigpd;j mnntednlueo£l,00 proided xpectnt,ager2 yheabrsdg, s-stem ladogedcaryOl.lite reainng svenlivstare ae!hd ris uxk-edy 15, 1 1028.5018 andlllandanyef ibesellrsdeo : a.. ieneeth,to slarrway's Lon Onor Of Mr. S. A. Notcut.t, solicitor, andA the anu.- Te12otelkeepers,.Brewers, and othem.-The Rose audCrowui[un,Wat., ford, Herta. ~SSRS. PAGE anid CAMEROT Will SELL by IVFMCIOI! at sthe Mart, on Mondazy Jam.28 at= b2 y direction o1 M,r. Jaihes Toovey.theproprietor.,the valuiable L!aSErutI GOOD. WlIs~ wth pssesio, for16 yeLrs, at a very low ret ofteaOODe welknw FAMIY 3HOTEL, an omeca Ian arid Posting-~ -house, at whichtheEx iae Sittingsare heldl, And alucrative trade has LAcen for many yeres carried en. situate in the centre of the- iroprovin xonrkettownof W~atfoxd,ealyl7mnllsfromntown on the london an XNorth-Westerar-alwaY meou3aexiouwithw]Iichithas several. agencies-. 'Thepemise cpnium oeroiss bed rooms, commrela uno-Iu private sitingroos, npialDffices, ample cellarage, extensive stabilrg, coach- -housares,yood gOrdesboln-re,adaecous fnpi -mAd OOisHdo amb outs 213 acr 1es;alowa conttag usand othe albe, i PodtosfcledA, m uayhohnd on the preise; tIhMr fdsr ~Temso,Deenam ndBrwn olcior,Sat~'Cra msLndn, - adSt Ai~ns.Reca:andofMesrs Pae ndaseon wdagt-
