DEATHS. On the It inst., in Camp before Sebastopol, Crimea, Henry Whichcote Tuner,. Captain lzt Royal Regiment, aged 26, son of the late Licut.-General Charles Turuer, Colonel l9th Regiment, of aneurLsm of the heart, uniersally regretted. On the 28thof Januaryi'titIlahabad, the infant Son of Capt. T. H. a,e, 1Bengal Engineerg. - On the 17th inst., at 4. Marlborough Cottages, Old Kent-road, Mr. Thomas Leach, formerlyof the Tax-office, Somerset House, aged 84. On the 18th inst.. at Wraysbury, near Stailues, of broachitis,lflizabeth Shelton, relictof the late William Shelton, Req., aged 71. On Maunda' Thursday, at 3, Hills-road, Cambridge, in his 71st year, Willam Davey. Esq., a native of Dorchester, Olfordsiire. RLP'. On the 23d inat, at Tunhridg3.wells, after three weekes severe illness, MIr. Thomas Barton, aged 56, much respected by aU who knew him. On the 23d inst., at the home of his father-in-law. J. S. Saunders, Esq., 15, Richmond-terrace, Clapham-road, aged 32, Edwin Coo er q., B.A, TnityCollege. Dublin, one of the Masters n the Clarsicai Deparment of Chelteuhan Colege. He waw universalybelovedanO respected. On the 24th inst., at Elainore, Benford, the youngest and much belovecson of James Deacon. Esq. On Monday,the 24th inst., at Hampstead, John, 'eldest son'of Mr. Smith, druggist deeplyregretted. On the 24th inst., at Bryansford, Wiiam S. Mill, Esq.,J.P., formerly of Streamntown, cotmty WeBtmeath, aged 73 ' On the 24th inst., at Hoopern, near Exeter. Wingfield, danghter of the late John Carter, Req., of upton House, Torbay, formerly of Silkatone, in the county of York. On the 24th inst, at Shepberd's-bush. Charles Willam Luancaster eldest son of the late Charles Wiliam Henry Howell, surgeon, Stratford, crex. Gn the 2ithinut., at 12, Heriot-row, Edinburgh, Walter Sohn, infant Ron of John Stewart Wood, Esq. On the 25th inst., at St. Leonard's-on-Sea, moet deeplylamented, Mr Toes. Neighbour, of 34, King-street, Snowhill, and Hendon, aged 13. On the 25th inst, aged 36, Mm. Mary Anne Mason, late of the George Hotel, only daughter of Mrs. A. George, of the London-road, Reading. On the 25th inst., at , GIocester-square, Hyde-park, aged 35, Magaret Sophie, thebeloved wife of Alex. Mackinnon, Raq., daughter of the late Francis WlFes, Esq. On the 25th inst., at Richmond, Miss Elizabeth Christiana FanEhawe, aged 78, last surviving daughter of the late John-Fanshawe, Req., of Shabden, Surrey. On the 26th inst., at Faversham, Kent, William. the infant son of Mr. John Bellamy, of 95, Upper Ebury-gtrect, Pimlico, aged four months. On Wednesday. the 26th inst, at Horehaz, Sussex, Susannab, relict of the ate Philip Chasemore, Esq.. aged 90. On the 26th inst., at HollyBush, county of Stafford, John Hall, Erq., aged 78. On the 26th inst., at 6, Lee-place. Lewisham, WVilliam, the youngest soni of Captain W. G. S. Hiall, aged 9 months. On the 27th inst., at 5, Elm-place, Brompton, David Laing, Req., aged 82. I On the 27th inst., at Tauniton. Somerset, af er a severe and protracted lllness the ReP H. Cooke, formerly of Comber, county Dlown, Ireland, aged 53. On the27th inst., at Langley, Bucks, Diana Carolina, wife of Mir. WMiiam Henry Everist. On the 27th Inst., at his residence, Barrington-road, Bixton, after a long9 anud severe ilness. Mr. John Hawksworth, in his 37th year, deeply lamented. On the 27th inst., at Addison-road, Kensington, in the 93d year of bar age. Jane, relict of the late William Frynmore, Faq., of Crave,nStreet, Strand, andXensington. On the 2Mth inst., at Foreet-hili, Sydenahm, HenrySmith, Rq., in his 3th year. la
MONEY-MARBKTaTan CITY INTBELIGCBNE. Yriday XvenIng. The English finds opened this morning at an improvement of an eighth, and after a temporary depression, consequent upon a very heavy delivery of stock, closed with a firm appearance. Consols for money were firsf quoted- 924 to ,,, whence they declined to 92k. They then returned to 94t to i~ for money, and 922- to § for the 10toh of April, the market exhibiting an appearance of aDimatiOn from a confident belief that the announcement of the treaty of peace will immediately take place. After offlcial hours, however, the tone was less firm, and there were sellers for the account at 921. CoDSOl Scrip left off at 2i to i prenium; India-bonds, 10s. to 6s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98k to i; and Exchequer-bills (March) 2s. to 4s. prenium; (June) par. The pressure for money to-day both in the StockExchange and at the Bank of England was extremely great in consequence of the preparation for the payment to-morrow of 2,150,0001. on the loan. Nevertheless, there was a total absence of any signs of difficulty. Foreign securities were steady, with a moderate amount of business. The operations in Turkish Six per Cents. were at 97i, {, and - for money, and 98t for the account. The Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 100t and J. The general transactions comprised -Ecuador New Consolidated, at 15 and 14; Grenada liew Active, at 22k; the Deferred, 7; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 7S; the Three per Cents., 57 and 56k; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 94; Sardinian 94; Spanish Three per Cents., 45k; the New Deferred, 2k; Spanish Certificates of Coupon, 5A and i-; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 63. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon there were few operations, and the rates were about the same as last post. The final prices of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evenint were 73f. for money, and 73f. 20c. for the account, showing an improvement of more than three-eighths per cent. The corn-market was dull this morning, at the decline of Mlonday last. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a limited business, at former prices. A further sum of nearly 80,0001., Australian gold, is understood to have been taken to the Bank this morning, and small amounts continue to be received from various parts of the continent. The specie from. New York by the Baltic to-day is 55,0001. The continental letters mention a slight tendency of the exchange to decline. At Hamburg mouey is easier at 5k per cent. In Paris, also, there seems a better supply, and the position of the Bank is said to be improving. The commercial advices received yesterday from the Cape of Good Hope furnish interesting particulars of the progress of that colony. In previous letters it was stated that the export of wool for the year 1855 was expected to reach 10,000,000lb. That quantity has been exceeded from the port of Algoa ay alone, whence, however, nearly the whole of the wool produced in the colony is shipped. The excess over the previous year was 3,700,0001b., nearly equal to the whole quantity shipped from that port in 1852. The total value was upwards of 500,0001., and, supposing existing prices to be maintained and peace preserved, the estimate was that the value for the present year will not fall short of 750,0001. Twentyyears ago woolscarcelyfiguredas a colonial export in the Custom House returns. Wine was then the principal article, but it is now of minor importance. There is still, however, a large consumption of it within the colony, and the manufacture of brandy of a very respectable quality has steadily increased. Notwithstanding the boundless extent of grazing land in South Africa, the colony, it is stated, will never be able to export large quantities of hides, the pasture being toopoor andscanty, and the scarcity of water proverbial. But to the production of wool there would appear to be almost no limit. There are stil throughout the country large numbers of the fat-tailed Cape sheep, which haveno wool; butthe sovereignty and adjacent extensive pasture lands, considered by many to be of superior quality, are at present tenanted almost exclusively by the springbok, quagga, ostrich, wildbeest,andotherwild animals. The predictions of those who attempted to stem the mania for copper mining have been fnUly verified. Lndeed, the results have proved worse than were anticipated. The accounts from Namaqualand are very discouraging, and most of the companies have been broughttoadeadlock. Everyrockthatlooked green was pronounced to be rich copper ore, since found in most cases to be valueless. From being a year ago insanely sanguine, there is now the usual danger of the colonists passing to the opposite extreme. It is still said to be beyond doubt that Namaqualand is rich in copper ore, although it is not to be quarried throughout the district, as was once supposed. During the last two years about 3,900 tons of ore have been shipped to England, averaging, it is be> lieved, about SO per cent. of copper, but nearly the whole of this has been from private firms, who went to work with more caution than the companies. It is believed that a similar quantity will be exoorted duri-ng this year. Mir. Wyley, the Cape geologist, had published his report of inspection of the socalled goldfields in the sovereignty. It is in every respect unfavourable, and does not efface the previous impression that the whole affair was a deception. The Cafres, it appears, remain quiet, but there is as yet no confidence that this condition will be permanent. With jregard to the liquidation of Home, Eagar, and Co., whose London house failed in Jannary, 1855, for 130,0001., expectations were entertained by some persons that they will pay 15s. in the pound; by others the probable dividend is stated to belOs. In any case the realization is likely to occupy several years, owing to the debtors to the firm being country dealers, who require time. The Hon. William Napier has been deputed by the committee of shareholders and the board of directors of the Grand Trunk of Canada Railway to proceed to Canada, with fulL powers to confer and advise with the provincial board, and also with the Government, on the best means for restoring the credit of that undertaking. Mr. Napiersails inthe Cambria to-morrow. The London agency of the Bank of New South Wales have notified through their brokers that they are prepared to ofer for sale Five per Cent. Debentures of the Government of that colony, redeemable at par in 15 and 20 years. They bear interest from the 1st of January last, and the price required is understood to be about 95i. The money is raised by an act of the Legislative Council for public works, and forms a prry charge on the general revenues of the colony. The colonial produce markets opened on Wednesday, and the transactions have since been to a iaix extent, and in some instances at higher terms. Sugar continues in good demand, nearly all brought to sale having been taken with spirit at rates about 6d. to ls. per cwt. above those previously current. Speculators and shippers were willing buyers, while the refiners and grocers have also operated with confidence. Privately a very considerable business has taken place. A floating cargo of Mfauritius, two of Pernambuco, and also one of Havannah are reported, but the particulars have not transpired. On th s-o o. e. . nave cnanged hands at higher prices, and the market closes firmly. Tea is very flat. At the public sales on Wednesday only a small proportion was realized, but prices generally are unaltered. In coffee the onlymaterial circums;tance has been the sale of a cargo of St. Domingo for a near port. On the spot very little has been done pending the sales of the new crop of Ceylon, which has just aived. Only small transactions have taken place in the rice-market, and quotations are generally unaltered. Saltpetre is moderately inquired for, and sore sales have been reported of the low and middling kinds at an advance. Mfessrs. Baring Brothers have announced that they are prepared to exchange t906,00 Pervian Fourand-a-Half per Cent. Bonds against New Grenada arreared Coupons, due December, 1850, to June, 1853, inclusive. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the 22d of March gives the following results when compared with the previous week:_ Tublic deposits ...£...S . 5 638,8..5Increase 2132,741 Otherdeposits . ..0... 12,107,043 ... Decrease 43,492 Rest ... ... 3,813,664-Increase 8,284 On the other side of the account Goovernment secunritis... £1U951,006 ... increase £500,000 Other securities.. 18,425,297...Decrease 859,731 NTotes unemployed o.,830., X6,745 ...Deerease 48,120. The amount of notes in circulation is 18,385,080M., being a decrease of 108,1501.; and the stock of bullio in 'both departments is 10,372,7111., showing a decreise of 180,854., when compared with the pTecding return.' -
RAThWAY ANA YAXD7V7NGq SHARES. - Friday ren'lng. The railway-market was steady, and prices on the average, were well supported. Indian and foreign shares -hai6 been more -freely dealt in, and the late advance continues to be maintained. The shares of some of the joint-stock banks were rather lower. Tkansactions took place in London and County at Z2, 32i, and 3li. Australian descriptions showed no material alteration. Ottoman Bank closed 7 to 1- premium; Bank of Egypt, J to 1 premium.; Western of London, 3S to 2i discount; London and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; National Discount, ditto, i to i discoint; and Alliance Bank, 1k to i discount.
TRADE REPOBT. | SUGA .-Althongh there was not so much buoyancy to. dayas in the earlier t of the week, there was a very fair demand to take off aliout two-thirds of the 17,306 bags of sugarput up at auction at former rates, sReculatora havingbonght largely, and exporters were also m the market. Thefollowingare the particulars-6,850 bags M 'aurtius low to fine brown, 36s. to 39s. 6d. ; low to good yellow, 40s. to 43s. ; crystallized, 38s. 6d. to 43s. 6d. 1,976 bas 4Bourbon, low to middling yellow, 39s. to 40s. 6d. 8S7 basgs date, 34s. 6d. to 39s. 1,419 bags grainy Bengal, 40s. to 41s. 350 bss Benares, good middling white, 44s. to. 45s. - 5,854 bags Madras, of which 2,189 were native, 34s. to 35s. 6d. and 3,645 bags grainy, 42s. 6d. to44s. Of West India 40 hogsheads have been sold, maldng 2,000 for the weelc. 1rivately a floating cargo of Pernamnbuco is reported at 24s. 9d. for a neor port, and on the spot abont 400 boxes Havannai at 45s. 6d.; fine yellow and orette-, at 50s. per cwt. CoFpEy-There was only one public sale, which was of little interest-viz., a few casks plantation Ceylon at 59s. 6d., and 55 bags Caracca.s at 64s. to 64s. Gd. per cwt. atiforhe whole of 2,750 bags Moongbg were taken in RICE--Tegood, but subsequently about hIs has been disposed of at 8s. 9d. per ewt.; 1,00 bags fair pinky Mfadras chiefly sold at 10s.; and part of 100 tierces Carolina at23s.- for the portion withdrawn, good quality, 27s. was offered, but refased. rivatelytherehase beenirather more inquiry for Bengal, at 1Os. to 12s. 3d., and Balamn at 9s. per cwt.; andabout 2,500 bags have changedands. SALTPETrE-300 bags, chiefly SA per cent, refraction, offered at auction were bought in foy want of buyers. The highest bid maade w&ar 32s. er cwt. UCOANUT OrIL.-100 buds. Ponaicherry were held at 37s. 3d. for inferior, market quiet; Ceylon nomiually, i7s. Coehn .38s. VAxII OIL at public sale went; at better prices; fine lagos, 37s. 9a. to ~38s. 3d. ; common, 36s. to 87s.
I - LWAYIl'LLI ascE. - - RAILwAVW TRAMI. The traffic returans of railways in the united kingdom published for the week ending Iarch 22 amounted to 376,8424, and forthe corresponding week of 1855, to 343 6MI8., showing an increase of 33,1941. The gross receipts of the eight railways havingtheirtermini in themetropolis amoiuted for the week ending as above to 162,108., and for the corresponding week of last year to 149,3471., showing an increase of A761. The increase on the Eastemr Counties Railway amounted to 1,3211. ; on the Great Northern to 1X3191&; on the Great Westerm to 2,2541.; on the London and North-Western to 1,0564; on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 1,6291. on the London and SouthWestern to 2,2991; and on the South-Eastern to 2,904.; total, 12,7821. Bat from this mnust be deducted 21i, the decrease on the London and BlackwalL leaving the increase AS above 12,761l. The receipts on the other lines in the united lingdom amounted to 214,7344, and for the cor->e,podin peiodof Sxto 194s 3014, showing an increase oft A4334 inA the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on .the metropoLitanA lines, makes the total incezase 33,194!., as compared with the correspDondingweek of 1855. 2NEWCASTLE AND CARTISLE. The annual meeting of this company was held on Thursday at Newcastle; Mr. W. Woods presided. The report, an abstract of which has appeared in Tine Tizes, was zead by the chairman, who commented upon the items therein. he said that, notwithstanding the great increase in the value of money, the directors had had no difficulty in Trenewing the debentures at the rate of 4* per cent. The dLiectors had reported that on taking the detailed valuation of the stores on the 31st of December they ftnd that a considerable discrepancy has arisen. He {the chairman) said, no doubt that clanse had caused considerable remark, and he thought the directors were entitled to take credit for introducing it into the report. There was no railway company in the kingdom that could keep their store accounts ; am d no railway company had introduced into their reports any clause of this ]dndtill ithadbeen doneby the Newcastle and Carlisle. They might have covered the discrepancy by adding a little to this item and a little to the other; but the ohJect of the directors and auditors of this company had been to put the plam fact before the meeting, not only that the shareholders might be informed of it, butalsothattheircmylboyis [3mightunderstandlthatnothingwuold be coveredandnothing I blifikedthatwouldnotbeartheclosestinvestigation. He(the ch.arman) had been ridiculed for introducing this clause. He had been told by railway authorities that it was a most unparaUleled stretch of candour; but notwithstanding it was a fact. After the reading of the report a discussion arose as to the propriety of confirming the, appointment of Mr. Smiles, themanager, to the additional office of secretary, vacant by the decease of Mr. John Adamson. MT. WrrsoN oaid Lo considered the two offices were incompatible. He thought Mr. Smiles's time might be ful_y occupied indoors, attending to the accounts, and the company would do well to appoint a manager to take charge of the whole line, even if theygavehim 1,0007. a-year. It appeared from the accounts that there was a defalcation _n the storek-eeper's department of 1,4911. He could not see how that could have arisen if the management had been as efficient as it ought to be, The CsAmmAn defended the course which the directors had pursued hitherto, and, after some discussion, it was unammously resolved, on the motion of Mr. ELLISoN, seconded by M£r. CHALmox s, that Mr. Smiles be appointed secretary. His continuance in the office of manager rested with the directors. The Chairman explained that Mr. Smiles's salary as m er was 4001. a-year. The salary of the late secretary was 30 and the fees; and by mniting the two offices there would be a saving to the company, The report was unanimously adopted, and a dividend declared at the rate of 5 per eent. per annum. Mr. isaa Crawhall and Mr. J. F. Elliott were re-elected directors, and Mr. Howard, of Corby Castle, was elected a director in place of Mr. George Dixon, -who retires in consequence of his connexionwith the Si]_oth Bay Company. Mr. iler was re-elected auditor. Mr. ELTrSrN moved that the amount of remuneration to the directors for their services be increased from 750!. to 1,0004 a-year. Mr. 'W. BELL seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously. The meeting terminated. with a vote of thanks to the Chairman. STMlIING AND DUNFERMLLYE. The half-yearly meeting of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railvay Company was held at Edinburgh on Thursday, lIr. J. Anstrntherin the chair. The directors' report stated that on the 16th of January tast Mfr. Miler, the statutory auditor of the accounts of expenditure incurred in the construction of the line, made his report applicable to the portion of the railway situated between Dunferniline and Alloa, whereby 371,8187. was fixed as the amount on which the rent of 4 per cent. was payable by the lessees (the Edinburgh and Glasgow) for that portion of the line. The action against the lessees was immediately enrolled in the Court of Session before the Lord Ordinary, for the purpose of obtaining decree for the rent due by thenm; but the lessees stated objections to the report with the view of having the whole matter again opened up. The Lord Ordinary had given decree in favour of this company, but the lessees had reclaimed to the Second Division, before whom the case would come in May next. The reporb of the auditors in regard to the traffic stated that the revenue for the half-year amounted to 15,1594, the expenses. to 5,3064, or 35 per cent., leaving 9,8531. towards the rent, which amounted on 520,0001. capital to 10,400!., showving a deficiency of only 546. in the half-year. Thle rapidl5 incrcsaing trali,i of the line, -with tfe a&hition likely to he derived from the early opening of the Forth and Clyde Railway, afforded said the auditors, a prospect that the returns of the line wousld shortly not only meet the -minimum guaranteed rent, but leave a surplus for division with the lessees. The CnAmYAs?,, in moving the adoption of the report, expressed regret at the opposition the lessees had offered to the settlement of their claims, and said that nothing further .could now be done till the re-assembling of the Court in May. By that time they had reason to expect that Mr. Miller's accounts for the remainder of the line would be completed. The bill for rasing capital to pay off their outstanding debts had been presented to Parliament, and now awaited the meeting of the committee. Mr. G. BERFUY seconded the adoption of the report; and, w.hileexpressing cordial approval of the conduct of the directors, also expressed astonishment and indignation at the condvct of the E3dinburgh and Glasgow Board. The report was approved, the retiring directors and a^uditors rc-elected, and the meeting then separated. SOUTH WALES MlNERAI. The half-yearly meeting of this company vvas held yesterday at the Craven Hotel, Strand; Viscount Villiers m the chair. The secretary read the report, which stated that, at an extraordinary meeting of the company held on the 4th of January last, it was unanimously resolved to lease the line to the <Glyncorwg Coal Company for a term of 99 years, at such an annual rent as would entitle the shareholders to receive a dividend at the rate of 5A per cent. upon the amount of capital from time to time paid up during the term of the lease. The directors are of opinion that there is reason for corgratulation on having msade such an eligible arrangement. The lease has been executed, and takes effect from and after the 4th of January, 1856. The directors have extended the contract of the contractors to comprise not only the tunnel, but about a mile and a-quarter of the railway, and they are happy to state that the works were commenced on Tuesday, the 25th inst. The CHAUMn?,.a, in moving, the adoption of the Teport, congratulated the shareholders on the favourable position of the company in respect of the arrangement entered into -with-the Glyncorwg Coal Company, 'which he had no doubt would vrove equally advantageous to both companies. The report was unanimously adopted, and the proceedings terialsated with' a voto of thl to the chairman and directors,
- ZROArSTEP MEETLYG. - BIX113ENGEAX, 1E&nM 2T. The wsual assemb e of the ironmaters of South StafforadEre and East worcestershirp r iiy to the gt quarterly meetings of the a at De's after-noon. 3fr. Philp Williams oocupieoi the char, and the attendance, although not unusuall numerous, ws highly inluentiaL The late quetionrab state of theiran trade necessarily occlupied the attentiOn o the meeting, bat comparatively little discussion ensued. It wa admitted on All fauds that so late as tbree weeks back considerable depression existed in the iron districts, and that great-doubts were entertained as to the possibility of maintaining existing prices; within the lat frtnight, however, a marked improvement has occured and there are now prospects of renewed prosperit. The expectations which we ventured to express a few weekT agowith respect to the demands of railway companies hav&' in a degree been realized, and further contracts are anticipated. Within the last fortnight orders have boen received for not less than 20,000 tons of Staffordshire rails - and another,large demand for a simiLar deszrption of ironi daul expected. Besides these requirements there have beeu good orders recewved-from theEastlndies, and these compris90 not only rails, bat variorsdescription of foundryworkussl inthe formation, maintenance,and working of railys. The fact that undersellinghasof late beenrcarried ontopa great extent is not denied ; but it is stated that it has been altogether confined to inferior makers, and notprevailedai the slightest degree among the manufacturers of best. Taking all these matters into consideration, the meeting of to-day resolved unanimously, subject to the approbations of the en3uiog qarterly meetings, that the prices fixed i>s January should be the prices exacted during the ensunmg quarter; and there is little doubt, whatever may be the: condition ef the trade generally during that period, that the first firms of the district have smfficient contractsororders in hand to lceep their worls in fll employ at those rates. Prices, therefore, now stand as follows :-Bars, 91. per ton; sheets and boiler plates, 1. lOs. per ton; and hoops, 1W. per ten. It was stated that there' is a better demand for pig-iron at improved prices; bests pigs are at least 5s. higher than they were a fortnight; ago. At the close of the proceedings it was remarked by old members of the trade that they were never present. at any meeting at which greater unanimity prevailed, or a, more decided conviction expressed of the flattering prospects of the trade. The large finrs of the district, who have been extensitce exporters of Staffordshire iron to the United States, do not. anticipte any lengthened or serious interrnption of trade' with that coantry, and they atribute the partial spensiCo of orders which has occurred during the present year moreto the severityof the winter in America and the frozen state: of itS rivers than to any fear of a rupture with Great Britain. No doubt present differences have induced caution, and considerable slackness in demand has been the consequence; but stocks are knownto be extremely low inNortla America, and, should the dispute on hand be spedl settled, a great additional impetus will be given to the Suth Staffordshire iron manufacture.
THE COBTV MARIM. | ~~~COBlN-ECHAGYA PFnA, 3UAs 2 The animla continue to increase, and thoe of wheat ai doa u comparativey large. Under these circunstanoes there is not activtyinbusinesg, and quotations c.h3ita heavy ppeaance. rSly the currency Of Monday ust is noted. I ' AlB ''ArAL WA^EMD, 3Bu2IX8. Veesels from the coast have generally made their pasge thig weekc and there is consequently a fair show of grain here to-day. The 7heat trade is frn, and the business pasiDng is to a fair extent at last week,s price F Fine barley maintains its value, other sortoratherlower. Ira beans, oats, andshelling no maeilalteration. (ld. Noew. WheAtper quarter of 8 bushels, GO.- S. I S. f. &sex.Suffolk, andKet, white 74 to 73 72 to 76 Bed .. 68 - 72 65-71 lerfolk and Cambridge, white.. .. 71 - 75 S9 -73 Linco5lshirer Yorkhire,whito 71 - 69 - 7& lled ~~~67 - 71 $2 - 6 dantsic and Konipberg* 70 75 - Baltic and Hamburg, red. . 65 - 69 - Berley, Per qsrter oft8 bushehls- 2horfolk and Suffolk Imnperial . .........- - 39 - Xorksbire and Lineolnahire, 6hb. per bushel - -- 40 - 43 Beans, per qearter of 8 bushels, 631D- 1gish, zi . .4.-4Sto so Foreign 3- 40 to l Bgyptian .7-3S Oats. perstone- Bngllsh.~~~~~~135. - 145. 155. Shelling, per load of2ib. . - 131. Ifalt. per lod of six imnerWbmhels 50 - IN2 - LIVERPOOI, i,tEcnI 28. The arnivals fromn Ireland and coaatsiae, since Tnesday, have beerm fair of oats, but otherwcismsl1 Promforegan portswe havereceived, 2!,170 quarters of wheat, 1,300 quarters of beans, 350 quarters of peas, 23,816 quarters of Indin com. and3L6il barels of dfour. The exportzT in the same time comprise 225 .quarters of vheat. 1,040 of Indian corn, 422 sacks and 1,421 barrels-of liour. There has been liWe or nothing dohiginthe trade during thepast two days; however, pricesbarebeen, nominally without change. The weather continues extremely fne, 'with hard frost during the night. At this dafs marketthere was a fair attendance of thetown and. countty trade, and a moderate retail demand wa experienoed forwheatandflouratab3outTuesday'srates Oatsandoatmeal, with a slow-ale. remalmedwithoutalterationinvalue. Barleyandpeaswera saleable in retail at late rates, while beans were the turn dearer. A-- the late arrivals of Indian corn for the most part have not been yeb sampledthere waslessofferingthanw expected, andholders wersconsequently enabled to get rather more money, ellow aeling at 30s. 6d. to 3la, and mixed and white 30s. to30e. 6d. pier quarter.
[Advertisement.]-Homesopatbic Domestic Physician, byDrs. Pilto and Eppa. The paxt on Aocidents by 2tr. G; f. X p surgeon, 610-page, 7sa 6d. Adaptedto familics. enigratat, and tra-- vellers. A chest of medicines to accompany this copiouis work, 70s_ "Domestic Homronphathy." by John Epp. nID., 5th edition, 3r. 6d. A medicine chest 42s. " Handbook Pook of Homesopathic Pctice,by AValter elly LB., 2s. A case of moedicines 32s. "Homesopathist's Pocket 6ompanion," 60 pages, Is. A case of miedicines, 12. 8s., or 2-I. Carriage free on receipt ofpost-ofalce order. James E1hpp. 170, Piccadilly; 112, Great =nseell-street, Bloomsbury; and 82, O1E 33road.strcet, city. E.[Advertisement.1-" J3entley's Miscellany," price 2s. 6., for April contains:-Tho Joint-Stock Banker, a tale of the day, byDudley (ostcllo-4eace, and the Imperial Djnssty-The SpendtlWl, by W. Harrison Ainswortb, Es.-E-aike's Jromni-The Xlhris-Tha kouroSni History of F8ir S. Morland-ldiseries of a 'Wet Day, by' Uaterfamilias- 3 Medinab and Meecah-Alson's Xth Volm lucy's Adventure-Charles gamb, by Xonkihood, &c. London. Bichard Bentley, New Burlingtonstreet. [Advertisement.t-" Journal of Adventures with the British Axrm Ffrom the CoLmmencement of the War to the Fllof bebastopol," by George Cavendish Tayler, late 96th 9 egunent, 2 ,olz. 21L bound, juxtpublished. "There was scareely an ocairenc oS any importance, says the 't7nited Service Gzet-te,"' thatn r. Taylor was not an eyewitness0 of alaki^avaInkexmaon lXertch, the ope tions in tbeS of Azoff, Anap, the'unsuccessfiil and alsO the aecon I and glorious EtOrming of the falaihoff and liedan, and tbe takn possession of Sebastopol. Each erent 5s detailed inthat eon'i but. clearprofessiocal floswhce hxente-tbcGe"ul
IRELAND. Tim IlUSE GESUS OF 1851. (mow oum owx cob11NTI . DUBLIN. THRUSDAY MORB'`NG. The followig- are further extracts froni that branch of the report recently presented to the Lordlieutenant of Ireland, having reference to the eaucation of the people, at the taking of the census iu 1851 " Amog the additional means of advancing the education - the I bitants of Ireland which kave arisen or have teen greatly extended between 1841 and 1851, we may men-tion the largely augmented Parlianentary grants for the irpes of national education, which for 1841 amounted to 2i1>00g., and in 18-51 were increased to 164,577., the number f national schools and pupils under the board having nearly doubledinthe period betweentheseyears; the receipts of the 'Church Educational Society' and of other associations for the education of the poor of the country have also -considerably increased during the same period. These ar no unimportant testimonies to the steady progress -of education in Ireland, when -we bear in memory the decrease of the population -which took place in the same period. Workhouse schoolsbave been established and mnade available for the instraction of a class which, without such aid, would probably never receive even the elements of edncation. The number of children in attendance at these schools during the week ended the 12th of April, 1851, as returned on the school forms, amounted to 80,600, or nearly 16 w cent. o^ the entire number under instruction in Ireland. Much advantage must arise to the community from the Instruction imparted in these institutions, as the children-of tie poorest class are thus enabled to qualify themselves for -advancement in the social scale. In several districts indusrial and ragged schools have been established, wvhich have -ad a very beheficia effoct wherever they have been in -operation- the nunber of these and the pupils in attenda'nce -on them, hsowever, sppear to have been small at thu time the census w as talken. "The means of extending superior education havo been greatly enlarge& by the establishment of the Queen'sColeBes,-under the- act 8th and 9th of Victoria, chap. 66, d in 1845, and of the Queen's University, which has -een founded in coanexion with themi. These colleges, situated at -Belfast, Cork, and Galway, afford the advantages -of collegiate education combined with the attainment of 'university honours and degrees to persons whose circum-stances did not allow of thoir education at other universiqties. The Roman Catholic College of Maynooth has been *enabled since 1845, by an enlarged Parliamentary grant, to provide accommodation for an increased numborof students. .Schools of design, aided by the State, have been established, ~by which it is confidently hoped a knowledge of the fine arts will be gradually diffused among the people, and an .acquaintance with the art of design be made known which -may enable natives of Ireand to contribute to the improveonent of our textile and other manufactures. "There is only one county-Londonderry--in which, mcordingto the returns, the relative number of ignorant a^ppears to have been greater in 1851 than in. 181, and the increase was confined to the male portion of the population. It is, however, remarkable that some of the cities and 7large towns showed aretrograde movement, orwere,-at least, :stationaryin regardto education. "It is difficult to account for the increase inthe proportion of uneducated in these cases; especially as townsalmost invariably afford many morefacilities for imparting instruc-tionthan raral districts. The male population, too, would 'appear to have retrograded more than the female-the latter having diminished in theproportional numbers of thosewho -could neither read nor write m the towvns mentioned above, with the exception of Waterford and Gal.Way. If migration 'has any influence on the estion, more females than males ,emove from the rural ditricts to the towns, owing, no 'doubt, to the large numbers required as domestic servants. It may, therefore,be inferredcfrom the decreaseof ignorance -among females -in civic districts that it is not the totally 'Uneducated of that sex who remove from the country in .search of employment. Large numbers of males were also to he found ingthe civic districts who had removed thereto from the counties in whichthey were born; and it may probably be the illiterate males who, for the most part, t-hus ;ninrate and increase the proportion of the uneducated, -while they diminish the number -of ignorant in those coun-ies from which they remove. "/ A decrease in the number of ignorant of both sexes, xe,tween the ages of 5 and 10 years, has taken place in every 'county and town, although it will be:hereafter seen, from -the tables showing the number under instruction, that there -was a large proportion at these ages not attending school at ihe time of takdng the school census. A favourable. dimimutionin the proportion of ignorant at other ages is also -shown in several of the counties and towns. "As regards the ages at which the largest number of -ilterate persons is to be found, it is worthy of observation 'that it is not at the later periods of life that ignorance prevails to the greatest extent, but at the earlier ages. Thus, taldng the assumed educational period of from 5 to 15 years, - ap pears that of the total number returned as unable to read or write so high as 38 per cent. are between these ages - ;and at thc period embracing the ages from 16 to 35 there rere 30 per cent, of the ignorant living; thus there were C8 ~per cent, of the total number of uninstructed persons between the ages of Sand 35, leaving' 32 per cent. of them obe distributedi between the ages from 36 upwards. "'The number of schools from whiich returns were re-ceived was 9,508, which bein" divided into the number of pupils in attendance, 504,465, will give an average of 53 persons for each school; and taking the whole population, the ratio will be one school to 689 inhabitants, 28 per cent. of ,whom. will be found at the assumed educational age, or 'between 5 and 156 years; this will allow of one school for the instruction of every 196 persons livirg at these ages. "The school returns gave the attendance of pupils -during one week only; they did not edhibit the number on Ihe 'rolls' who were prevented, by any cause, from attending school during the week in question. The school iables, therefore, onlygave the numberactually in attendance during -one week, and, from the steps taken to procure com.plete returns, they may, we think, be received as representing the average weekly attendance of persons at school in -Ireland i the year 1851. We are strongly inclined to this 'supposition from the reports of the Commissioners of iNatmonal E3ducation, wvhich showr, with reference to their shools, that there is an. average daily attendance of the ;children amoutnting tosomething lesstlhan one-half of the enthre number on the rolls. We have not the means of -Acertainin"- the average daily attendance at national schools -daring 1851; but it appears from the report on national edu*cation for that year that there were 520,40 children on the rolls on the 30th of September, 1851, of whom we may esfimate 250,000 as an average attendance; this number in-eludes the workhouse schools. Our returms give an attend-ance of 215,974 pupils at national schools during the week -ended the 12th of A ril; 1851, exclusive of workhouse -schooLs, at which80,600 children were in attendance. It will thus be seen that on comparing the national education ;returns of 1851 with those procured by -us there is, as far as we have the means of judging, a fair agreement in the numbers which have been returned as attending schools in ;both cases. We have not data for comparing the returns of pupils in attendance at the schools of other associations with the returns received by us; the near agreement, however, -of our tables with those published by the Board of National Education-embracingnearly one-half of the whole number in attendance at school in Ireland-will: allow us reasonably to conclude that the tables which accompany this reporb represent very nearly the average number of persons at-tending schools during the week referred to. The following -sttement in reference to national schools is extracted fromn -the 20threport (for 1853) of the Commissioners of National .Educatien, page 10:- S * lere was, n addition to t-hese numbers an attendance .of 5,847 children, with a daily average of 3,S67 in schools to which salaries were granted during the three months from the 0th of September to the 31st of December, 1853. "' s With reference to the University of Dublin, the follow. ing oeervations were made by the j, iior dean on the re- 1'rneceived from it:- ° " Students residing in or near Dublin attend the col;legelectures. The whole number so attending at the commencement of the present academic year was between 600 -and 700. The number of residents is now? mueh less than he average, it being vacation tuin. The whole number of 2tames on the college books, including fellows, professors, and students, is about 1,400.' " As regards the Queen's Colleges, we regret to say we -enl- received retrns of the attendance of students from one 'Of tlem-tbat of Galway. The authorities of the remaining tro, Belfast and Cork, we suppose from some mnisapprehenmsion of what was necessary, omitted to furnish the required information, though written to by us upon the subject.- " In form A-the family return-it was requested that Ute word 'Irish' might be added in the education column to the name of each person who spoke that language only; -and the words ' Irish and English' to the names of- those 'Who could speak both of these languages. A-table gives a 4usnmary, by counties and provinces, of the total numbers -of those who could speak Irish, including those who also :spoke English on the 3th of ATarch, 1851, as follows:- "N `umber wvho can speak the Irish language.-Males, *740,045; females, 784,241. Total, 1,524,286. " Population in 1851, 6,552,386. Proportion per cent. who can speak Irish, 23-3. "Ill concludng our report on the subject of ages acd 'education, we beg to take the opportunity of congratulating your Excellency on the progress which the returns show has been made in the education of thepeopleduringthe eventful period since 1841; and, although it is evident that much remains to be done to overcome the ignorance still prevailng, 4especially in some of the less improved parts of the country, yet it is encouraging to find that even in remote districts a uorance has dimninished during a period which, for atEiction and ca]amity, is unparalleled in the annals of Irel-and, and which resulted in diminishing the population during the course of little more than six years to such an extent that in 1851 it was actually less than in 1821--- years previously." PROSPECTS OF =E TnirpEAky BAN1. A well-informed provincial journal (the Rimzg's Vointdy CJirmnicle), alluding to the onerous duties wrhich will devolve upon the official manager appointed by the Court of Chancery, observes:_e " The official mrnxger should possess a n)inute knowlodge -of the afairs of the bank, not only at the iinmo of its stoppage hut previously, from examination of its books anid other sources;* this will be necessary, as well to discoyer the losses and delinquencies by which it beeame involved, as lso to enable him to make arrangesaiente and effect comproanise sao as be£t to incrase the eatate; hie must also trace out sharcholders, ascertain and determine upon their means of contributing to the demanda upon it; he is bound to in. vestigate and thoroughly search out by what nieans and by wvhse tacit connivance Jobn Sadleir was permitted to per- petrato the astounding fraud of abstracting from the bank, bET overdrawing, the enormous sum of 200,0001. In the discharge of his official dut-is he must bring misery and affliction on many, but -rhil0 he does so he must not screen the guilty or thi negligent. -It will be a subject of proper, and it ougLt to be ono of searching, inquiry who are the parties impcated in the overdrawing of John Sadleir, and how far it cean to the knowledge of the London and Dublin agents of thS bank The latter is the Bank of Ireland, and it is difficlt tO '"mderstand, considering the intimate business relations bCtween it and the bankrupt concern, how so large a sun could be abstracted vithout circumstances transpiring sufficient either to disclose it, or to have occasioned pradent investigation on the part of its directors." And again, with reference to the liabilities of the shareholders:- "Anearly dut of the Master will be to draw up a iist of those who may be liable under any circumstances whatever to be called upon to contribute. It is admitted on aU hands that a shareholder who legally transferred his shares three years or more since is absolutely released from all responsibility and liability whatever. The list, therefore, of persons liable will be confined to those who have been shareholders vithin three years; a question arises u a this list as to whether it should include those sharehodenrs who transferred more than three years ago, but whose transferees have not legally accepted, so as to become liable in their stead. When this list shall have been completed there wil come up the subject of relative liability; it appears generally adnitted that all existing shareholders at the time of the suspension are pri. maTily liable for the debts of the bank, and that, Antil their resources shall have been entirely exhausted, recourse cannot be had to those others who had transferred within the three years. It is alo contended that the same rule must apply to the other shareholders according to the times at wihich the several debts were contracted, and of their ceasing to be shareholders; and that those shareholders will bo first caled upon to contribute to the paymcnt of debts incurred when they were sharebolders before application can be made to those who had then ceased to be such. It is contended that such are the spirit and meaning of the 13th section of the 7th of George IV., cap. 46, under which these proceedings are regulated. W'e, hiowever, apprehend that few of these questions will arise in disposing and arranging the liabilities of the parties upo the litof contrnbutaries for this unfortunate reason, that the assets of the bank and the estates of its shareholders wil sufflce fo, little more than to yield a small dividend. If this beso it will reduce the discussion respecting the names on the list to the. actual liabilities of those whose names appear on it, whether they are discharged by imperfect individual registration or some other legal informalities; The resources of the English shareholders are not yet ascertained by those interested in this country; they are mostly in the neighbourhood of the branches of the London and County Bank, of which MSr. John Sadleir was the chairman."t THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91J; ditto for account, 8th of April, 924 92; Bank Stock, 221;-ibernian Bank, 251. paid, 30 E - Dublin and Glasgow Steam Company, 451. paid, 39A; aiways-Dublin and Belfast Junction, 451. paid, d, Dablin and Wicklow, 101. paid, 5%; ditto, for account, Great Southern and Western, 50i. paid, 52k ; ditto, Eighths, Six per Cent. Pref., 61. 5s. paid, 7r; ditto, Four per Cent. Pref, lli. paid, 9.5,; Midland Great Western and Ro al Canal, 50. paid, 50; ditto, half-shares, 251. paid, 15; Waterford and Limerick, Five per Cent. Pref., 01. paid, 42 *L int,
RUSSIA AND POLAND. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I?ermit me to protest against the necrological article which has lately appeared in your journal on Poland, as you could not be in contradiction with your former generous inspirations, nor absolve the abandonent of our country by the European Powers. You have believed the only way of ju:stifying the politics of Lord Pa}merstonwiith regard to her was by saying, " That Poland was no more; that she eexists no longer in fact, the only traces of her being to be found amzong the few escaped from the executioner in Siberia and in foreign countries."- Sixteen millions of Poles are fallen since the Ministry of Lord Castlereagh under the Russian yoke, but the barbarity of a despotic Government, however sanguinary it may be, c.innot exterminate a population of 16,000,000-particularly of Poles. The existence of Poland is so true that you yourself have said it, and after you the Journal des Debats has repeated it, that it was sufficient for the Western Powers to invoke for an instant the shade of Poland to force Russia immediately to submit to all the conditions which were imposed on her. To this you have added, from your correspondence from Vienna, that tho Allied Powers, compre hending that to give and not receive was a losing game, had declared to the Emperor of Austria they were going at length to proclaim the independence of Poland, and offer in exchange to Austria the Danubianprovinces. for Galicia. You said, also, that Austria accepted with joy such an advantageous offer, and gave information of the same to Prussia, who, in order not to lose Posen and Silesia without compensation, had, in her turn, notified to Russia that she would be obliged to make war on her; that Russia, thus menaced with having, not only all -Europe, but .Poland against her, sentidirectly the Count Orloff and 31. de Brunow to the Conferences of Paris. All this resnlts from your preceding articles, and, thanks to theJiTursnal desDebats, everyone believes the same in Paris as in London. We may infer, then, that no Power, not even Russia, considers Poland annihilated, or believes its re-establishment impossible. The less political men pronounce her name the more she is present to their minds, under whatever banner they- may be placed. The absence even of this name in the treaties which are elaborating in Paris would prove only the subject is so vast they dare not allow it to appear. Poland is stil closely allied to the destinies of Europe-she is the principal question, and the peace you anticipate is the witness and the positive result of her vitality. Need you, Sir, other proofs, I should have butlittle trouble in furnishing you with thcm-in the numerous officers and soldiers who quitted the Muscovite ranks without provocation, and in spite of the ill reception given to them, who came to join tbemselves to those they believed to be the iberators of their country; you will fnd them among the prisoners of Bomarsund and of Kinharn, wrho' earnestly desired to be enrolled in the armies of the allies. But the Afor7ning Adveitiser has more than once explained the reason why they were not admitted. Poland has never ceased to exist, for persecution cannot annihilate a people of 20,000,000; and, as one of our celebrated histornans-Maurice Moodszna9ki-has said, "A nation does not perish with arms in its hand." The life of Nicholas was spent in the endeavour to extinguish Poland, without being able to succeed, and the existence even of his colossal empire has been in peril by it. Only in 1848, more than 30,000 em7igs-s, young men, or public functionaies, leftPoland hopingto be enrolled in rance in a Polish legion;* but the statesmen who at that epoch were at the head of the revolution wanted capacity and knew not how to render thema effective. Poland, like the crater of a volcano, throws up its lava incessantly, in attestation that the internal fire is far from being extinguished. In 1833 the private counsellor S**^ was sent to Warsaw with the mision to denationalize Poland, or rather the Poles, and for this purpose was furnished by Nicholas with the most extended powers. Nicholas gave him 10 years for this work of destruction. From ignmorance or from vanity the envoy demanded only three, saying, he was perfectly sure of his means and of himself. After a layse of six years he was recalled to St. Petersburg; the Czars furious, demanded him why he was no further advanced in his work? "-Sire, accomplish it yourself if you will," exclaimed the s'ern emissary, "but I warn you, that if you remain only 10 months in Warsaw, you will become a Pole yourself." To this then, Sir, is reduced the untenable axiom which consists in denying the existence of a nation in order to dispense with the duty of lending it assistance. But if there is one motive intheworld to make it abjure its patriotism it is the desireof vengeance against those who have not taken account of its sacrifices; it is the indemnification in glory and conquests in place of the liberty she loses by the abandonment of Europe. Austria in the first place, arid after her the Western Powers, will, perhaps too late, repent once more denying the-existence of my country, when a generous effort would have been sufficient tosave it. They may perhaps learn th'e difference which exists between Russia powerless, through the opposition of Poland, and Russia marching with Poland rallied to -her sincerely, in the sure realization of the projects of Peter L, that is of Panslavism. * Accept, Sir, the assuranc6 of my esteem and considera- minn- Uount ulAkUtSTLEN OSTROWSKI. Paris, March 26.
AcCmIxT o0 Tim AS=rsN CouNrxs RAEoWAY. -On .Wednesday morning an accident occurred to the Parliamentary down train just after it left Chelmsford station, by which the lives of several passengers were placed in imminentperil. Owingtotherelaying of the own line of rails--for the purpose of gaining an additional line for the accommodation of the Royal Agricultural Society's meeting -the traffic is now conducted, under the snperintendence of pilots, on the up line betweer, Chelmsford station and Arbour-lanebridge; andwhennearthe latter part of the train, the engine and'thres carTiages, having already crossed from the up to the down line, three carriages in the centre of the train-a first, second, and. third-were from some unexplained cause thrown off the metals, and dragged, much to the consternation of the passengers, several rods along the embankment, the earthwork of which was deeply ploughed up by the cariage wheels. The first-class carriage sustained little or no injury, bit the second, in which were Mr. M. Lane, Sringfield,; Mr. Ling, corn-merchant, Chelhiisfodd; 1r. J. Viallett, one of the reporters on this paper, .axdtwo or three strangers; i ncluding a lady, was thrown completelv on its side, -in about the middle of the embankment. The head of the buffer was wrenched oft the draw-iron brokencoupling-chain severed, and one or two front and side panels smashed in, while the third, bounding across the line to the side of the embankment, came to a stand, its.fron4 becomin- buried in the earth. Prompt assistance wa rendered to those in the second-class carriage, who were pulled out through.the doors, and it was soon discovered the occupants were more frightened than hurt; but Mr. L. Eskell, sueon dentist, in another carriage, received an injury to his hand, and was obliged to return to London. Both- lines being now obstructed and the up express being nearly-due, a signal was sent to stop it,,and it brought up within 100 yards of the accident, where it had to wait nearly an hour' until the line was cleared; -while the -p-Parliamentary and down cpress were also detained. The carriages were at last placed on the metals, when thoetrain. backed to Clielmsford, and carages baving been substituted for those damaged the train started on its-way about half-past 11 Tbe aause of the accident is a mystery. The metals- were gauged'and found to be correct; and whether, haiig gained tbe' down: line himself, the engine-driver put tho steam on-before the entire train had cleared the points, and by the, sudden jerk threw the carriages off, or whether the wheels of the second class were faulty or loose, is not known. The train was travelling at a very steady rate, or the carriages wpuld pro, bably have been thrown over the side f the embankment, which isa considerable heights and the consequences been more3iaa-Clidmsford CAren4cC,
MRS. FIT'ZHBRBPABI.* The farce of Wife and izo Wife or a Trip to the Continent was a very fertile subj(6et for the caricaturists of the Regency. The collectors of Gilrays wil not fail to remember the represehitbti6n of the presumed ceremony in a continental chape!. Theo Prince, supported-by Charles Jamer Fox, giveg his hand (if we remember rightly, kis left hand) to jie bride, whlile a Romanist priest and a row of Jesui{t c°risters contribute their aid to the Morganatic procedure. Another caricature represents lure. Fitzherbsrt as a guardian angel, directing the aspirations of the Princess Charlotte to certain knickknackis of a Romish origin. Sconrges, thumbscrews, reliques, rosaries, and other suoh sweetmeats are accessory to the illumination of the youthful Princess, who is soaring upwards in the arms of her matronly directress. A third caricature represents " Dido forsaken, " with Fox, Sheridan, and the rest- pushing off in their boat, and disclaimning all acquaintance with the deserted matron, while a blast from the mouths of Pitt and Rolle is blowing her crownt and sovereign paraphernalia to the winds. Such were the popular versions of a story which even then was regarded in a light not unfavourable to its heroine, who, notwithstanding her unpopular creed, was treated with commiseration and considered to have been, at all events, more sinned aigainst than sinning. At length her genuine story is made completely public hy x. relative and a miember ~of her own church, in vindication of her character from certain recent disparagements. The Ron. Charles Langdale received from histbrother, Lord Stourton; certain confidential communications which the latter had received from Mrs. Fitzherbert, together with the trust which Lord Stourton had' accepted on behalf of her reputation, and to which she had herself referred in the foRlowing language :" I trust, whenever it shall please God to remove me from this world; my conduct and character (in your hands) will not disgrace my family and friends." iIn fulfilment of this duty, and in obedience to a pre-. sumed necessity which we shall presently mention, Mr. Langdale first made anunsuiccessfulappeal tothe executor of 1ord Albemarle, who, by the death of his brother, Lord Stou-ton, hadexclusive control over certain documents deposited in Coutts's bank; and, having failed to obtain the disclosure of this documentary evidence which had been preserved for Ms. Fitzherbert's vindication, he has printed the narrative which Lord Stourton drew up from her own communications on the subject of her connexion with the Prince, and from which the public will draw one more inference discreditable to the latter, while its judgment will be corroborated in favour of the victim of his selfishness. We may have cause, indeed, to reg,ret that this narrative is confined to the circumstances of Mrs. Fitzherberts connexion with his Royal. Highness; for, unquestionably, in the position which she occupied and with -the opportunities she possessed, she could have thrown light upon sbme other matters of wider importance. It was her own boast to L ord Stourton that "she could have given the best private and public history of all the transactions of the country from the close of the Anierican war down to the death of the Duke of York, either from her communications with the Duke, or her own connexions with the opposite party, through the Prin~ce and his friends." Of this, or rather of many documents wlich would have illustrated this account, we presume we have been deprived by the wholesale destruetion of her papers, with the exceptiorn only of those which were essential to her own vindication, and which still remain in thleir repository at Coutts's. These latter appear, from the list given on page 87, to be only the formal evidence of the material statements in the narrative of Lord Stourton, which- compries, besides, some amusing anecdotes, and w hich, as far as it goes, is doubtless more entertaining. - Mrs. Fitzherbert was the daughtero6f a. Walter Smythe, of Brambridge, in thoecounty of Hants. She was born-in July, 1756, and married in July, 1775, to Edward Weld, Esqi, of ]Iulworth Castle, in Dorsetshire, who died in the course of the same year. She was netmarriedtoThomasFitzherbert,Esq.,ofSWinnerton, i Staordshire, but he also only survived their union three years, leaving her a second time a widow before she had reached the age of 25. She had now an independent income of nearly 2,0001. a- year, and she was residing on Richmond-hill when she became the object of the Prince's attentions. We learn from Lord Stourton that it was at this conjuncture that her beauty was celebrated in a popular song, in which allusion was 'thus made to the addresses of the heir apparent:- " crowns resign to calt her mine, " Sweet lass of Richmond-'nhilM But the lass who had been twice a wife was well aware of the dangers attendingthese Royal adulations, and evinced the greatest reluctance to meet the Prince's eager advances. Recourse was had at length to a singular attempt, which .would be received with incredulity if it was not known to have accorded with the practices of the Royal Mantalini *For some-time her resistance had been availing, but she was about to meet with a species of attack so unprecedented and alarming, as to shake her resolution, and to force her to take that first step, which afterwards ledby slow (but on the part of the Prince successfuil) advances, to that union which he so ardently desired, and to obtain which he was ready to risk such personal sacrifices. Xeit the surgeon, Lord Onslow, Lord Southampton, and-ar. Edward Bouverie, arrived at her house in the utmost consternation, informing her, that the life of the Prince was in immirient danger-that he had stabbed himself-and that only her immediate presence would save him. She resisted, in the most peremptory manner, all their importunities, saying that nothing should induce her to enter Carlton-house. She was afterwards brought to share in the alarm, but still, fearful of some stratagem derogatory to her reputation, insisted upon some lady of high character accompanying her, asan indisuensable condition; theDuchess of levonshire was selected. They four drove from Park-street to Devonshire-house, and took her along with them. She found the Prince pale and covered with blood. The sight so overpowered her faculties that she was deprived almost of all consciousness. Tho Prince told her, that nothing wvould induce him to live unless she promised to become his wife, and permitted him toput a ring round-herfinger. I believearingfromthehand of the Duchess of Devoashire was used upon the occasion, and not one of his own. mrs. Fitzherbert being asked by me, whether she did not believe that some trick had been practised, and that it was not really the blood of his Royal Highness, answered in the negative; and said, she had frequlently seen the scar, and that some brandy andwater asj near his bedside when she wvas calledto him on the day he wou-nded himself." -The lady attributed more cogency to the evidence of the brandy and water than we should be disposed to accord to it ourselves, but she was nevertheless far from satisfied. -On theirreturnto.Devonshirehouse, a deposition of whathad occurred was drawn up aud aignod by- coh of the party, but the following day Ms. Fitzherbert sent a protest to Lord Southampton, not accounting herself to have been a free agent in the transaction. She then retired to Aix la ChapeDe, -and subsequently to Holland, where she met with the greatest civilities from the Stadtholder and his -family, with one of whom, the Princess of Orange, at that time the obect of negotiation as the intended bride of the Prince, 3irs. Fitzherbert's relations occasioned her considerable embarrassment. She contended, however, that she was not in this respect the hypocrite she might have appeared afterwards, for - at this tine she w as sin- cerely desirous to break - off her own engagement, and, in fact, for another year was endeavouring (to use her own phrase) to " fight off" the union. Couriers. after cburiers; it is added, passed through France, carrying to -her in France and Switzerland, whither she went. from - lolland, the letters and propositions of the Prince. - Their numbers even excited the suspicions-of the French Government, and atierent -times three of them,l were -thrown into 'prison. - Lbrd Stourton had seen a letter of 37 pages, writteit at thi time by the Prince, int which he stated -that his father would connive at their union. - At length Mrs.- Fitaherbert was induced t-o return to En gland an-d to agree to become his wife, though k;nowing she could have no0 legal claim to this title, yet -on certain -conditions which satisfied her own conscience.- - - --inmediately after her return she was married to the Prince in the driwing-room of her -ownIi'ouse by aProtestant'cleigyman. LordHollandlhas made the inference to her diseredit-that shedispensed with a Roman Catholic jxiest, as considering the ceremnony immaterial; but against this constructionL Mr. Iangdale protests, and apparently with -good reason. According to the dotrine of the Roman Catholic church, a Romanl Catl:oic priest is not essential to complete -the see mie7nt of marriage, nor~ is hin pre- seree necessary as al witraess to the contract, eixcept under a decree of tlhe Council of Trent:- which had not at that time been introduced into England. Mrs. Fitzherbert, as an educated Romaanist, was of course aware of the doctrine of her church with respect to matrimony, andc contented herself ws'th 76 ceremony which was perfectly valid in the eyes of its authorities; nor does there appear the slightest foundation for the imputation conveyed in Lord H:oDand's memoiris that she considered such a ceremony as " nonsense," or that marriage in any form was altogether indifferent to her. The witnesses to her marriage, says Lord Stourton, were her uncle, Harry Errington, and her brother, Jack Smythe, along with the Protestant clergyman who officiated. SiMr. Raikes, whose journal we recently. noticed, is therefore in error when he states that Admiral Keppel was one of them. " The certicate of the marriage is extant in the handwriting of the Prince, and with his signature and that of Mary Fit.zherbert," and is the second on the list of documents deposited at Coutts's. The witnesses' names were added; but, at the earnest request of the parties, in a time of danger, they were afterwards cut out by Mr. Fitzherb&rt herself, with her own scissors, to save them from the peril of the law. If Mrs. Fitzherbert afterwards regretted this, a letter of the Prince on her return to him, a letter of the officiating clergyman, and another document in which the Prince repeatedly terms her his wife are still preserved as equivalents to the missing evidence. The first interruption to this ill-fated union arose out of the well known and emphatic denial of Fox in the House of Commons that such a marriage had ever taken place. " His Royal Higlhness," he even asserted, " had authorized him to declare that, as a Peer of Parliament, he was ready, in the. other Eouse, to submit to any the most pointed questions; or to afford His Majesty or His Majesty's Ministers the fullest assurances of the utter falsehood ofthe statement in question, which never had, and which common sense mlust see never could have, happened? In reply to Mr. Rolle, whether what Mr. Fox had said was to be understood as spoken from direct authority, Mnr. Fox. replied " that he had direct authority." This, however, has been disputed, and canvassed not long since in the Quarterly Bevtew; but the denial, to whomsoever we may assign the responsibility, was one of the most unmitigated falsehoods on record... Mrs. Fitherbert did not disguise her resentment at this public degradation of her character. She would not speak to Foxc. She was disposed even to break off her connexion with the Prince, and, was only deterred from doing so by repeated assurances that Fox had not the authority he claimed to have had. " The Prince sent for MIr. Grey," said Lord Holland, in his memoirs, " and, after much preamble and pacing in a hurried manner about the roomi, exclaimed-' Charles (he always so called M r. Fox) certainly went too far last night."' RIe owned that a ceremnony had taken place and wished Grey to rectify the mistake, but the latter decltned an office in which he would have to question Fox's veracity. "W Well, then," said the Prince "Sheridan must say something ;" and Sheridan, accordingly, did deprecate the pursuing of the subject any fulrther out of deference to Mrs. FRitxherbert herself, whom he characterized in generally Mlattering terms. This was clearly an inadequate reparation, but :Mrs. Fitzherbert had the consolation of finding herself supported by the public on this occasion. "A t no period of l'er; life were their visits so numerous at her house as on the day which followed Mr. Fox's memorable speech; and, to use her owvn expression, the knocker of her door 'was never still during the whole day." But her reserntment against Fox was never fully appeased When subsequently, during his Administration, he made some overtures to her, in order to recover her goodwill, she refused, though the attainment of the rank of Duchess was to be the fruit of their reconciliation. " On naming this circumstance to me," says Lord Stourton, " she observed that she dia not wish to be another Duchess of Kendal." "Her first separation from the Prince was preceded by no quarrel or even coolness, and came upon her quite unexpectedly. She received, when sitting down to dinner at the table of Wiliam the Fourth, then Duke of Clarence, the first intimation of the loss of her ascendancy overthe affections of the Prince, having only,the pieceding day received a nrte froma his Royal Highness, written in his usual strain of friendship, and speaking of their appointed engagement to dine at the house of the Deke of Clarence. The Prince's letter was written from Brighton, whero he haa}.m*t Lady Jersey. From that time she never saw the Prince, and this interruption of their intimacy was followed byhis marriage vith Queen Caroline; brought about, as Mrs. Fitzherbert conceived, under the twofold influence of the piessure of his debts on the mind of the Prince, and a wish on the part of LadyJersey to enlarge the Royal establishment, in -which she was to have an important situation. "U on her speaking to me of this anion (confiding inher own desire that I should disguise from her nothing that I might conceive to be of doubtFul character as affecting her conduct to the Prince), I told her I had been informed tbat some proposals had been made to her immediatelyjpreceding the marriage of the Prince, of which aer uncle, Sir. Errington, had been the channel, offering some terms upon whii,h his Royal Highness was disposed to give up the match. She told me there wras no truth whatever in the report; that a day or two preceding the marriage he had been seen passing rapidly on horseback before her house as Marble Hil, but that his motive for doing so was unknown to her; and that afterwards, when they were reconciled, shecautiouslyabstained from alluding to such topics ; as the greatest interraptions to their happiness, at that period, were his bitter and passionate regrets and seLf-accusations for his conduct, wbic'h she always met by saying, ' We must look to the present and the future, and notthink of the past.' Her friends, including all the Royal Dukes and even the King and Queen, still countenanced her, though abanldoned byher husband. She had made it her constant rule to have no secrets of which the Royal Family were not informed by frequent messages, and, consequently, experienced a facility in meeting the embarrassing changes which' occurred in her position. When she had concluded'that her engagement with the Prince was broken 6ff for ever by his marriage with Qaeen Caroline, the wretched result of this union soon brought about its renewal. Again she was placed in difficulties by the same earnest and desperate pursuit to whi-h she had been formerly exposed,, and members of the Royal family, possibly in dread of a worse alternative, were solicitous to proeure herzeconciliation with the Prince. UYnder these circumstances, she referred her "case of conscience" to Rome, and the Brief which she received enjoined a reunion; but she resisted al the importunities of. the Prince to meet hira clandestinely, and gave a public breakfast at her own house on the day on which he rejoined her. I She told me she hardly knew how she could sammon resolution to pass that severe ordeal, but she thanked God she had the courage to do so. The next eight years were, she said, the happiest of her connexionwith the Prince. She used to say that they were extremely poor, but asmerry as crickets; and, as a proof of their poverty, she told me that once, on thoir returning to Brighton from London, they mustered their common means, and they could not raise 51. between them. Upon this, or sonie such occasion, she related to me that an old and faithful servant endeavoured to force them to accept 60l., -which he said he had accumulated in the sernice of the best of, masters and mistiesses. She added, however, that even this period, the happiest of their lives, was much embittered by the numerous political difficulties which frequently surrounded the Prince, and she particularly alluded to what has been termed ' the delicate investigation,' in which Queen Caroline and his Royal Highness had been concerned. *' Sometimes family jealousies, as in the case of the Duke of York, in the Prince's letter to the King, were subjects of great anxiety, in which she always endeavoured to heal any differenc which occurred. Indeed, she said that the two princes were very much attached to each other, though the Prince of Wales was freumuently jealous of the superior attentions the Duke of York received from their Royal father, but through life the duke had always acted 'beautiful3ly,' to ulse her own expression. "Upon oneoccasion, not long before his death, in alluding to the delicate connexion existing between his brother and MErs. Fitherbert, and the political consequences it might involve, he said, 'Thank God, he never could wish to raie any claim in contravention- of the rights' of his brother.' It was, however, only in the latter part of his life that he had seen the mutilated document which I have termed the certificate of the marriage." Subsequently a cause of final rupture arose out of the connexion which the -Prince had formed with Lady Hertford, with whom she had been herself intimately acquainted, and whose interference she caimed to prevent her beintg deprived of the guardianship of Miss Seymour, her ado teddaughter. The exertions of the Prince in this behalf led him, as we are told, into those confidential relations with Lady-Hertford which he was prone to entertaia with any lady who could influence his vanity or gratify his passions. "I lady Hertford, anxious for the preservation of her own reputation, which shb was not willing to compromise with the public even when she ruled the 1'rinte with the most absolute sway, exposed Ms. Fitzherbert at this time to very fevere trials, which at last almost, as~ she said, ruined her health and destroyed her nerves. Attentions were required from her towards Lady Hertford herself, even when most aware of her superior infuence over the Prince, and these Attentions were extorted by the menace of- taking away her child. To diminish her apparent influence in publib as well a w private v as. now the object. When at righton, the Prince, who had passed part of hi miornings with Mrs. Fitzherbert on friendly terms at her ew6n house, did not even notice her in the slightest manner at the Pavilion on the same evenings, aud she afterwards understood that stoh attention would have been reported to her rival. "She was frequently on the point ef thPeration whicl4 afterwards took place, but wax prevented by the influence of the P.Loyal Family from carryng her t. solutiont inito effect. Upo.n one occasion, after the dea'h of Qu%wn Caroline, upon. the Prince informing -ler thit ate was 44er- but upon his eaving her, she ordered horses with a regolution to abandon the country, and was onlY prevented frozn , oing so, that day, by the intespositios ef a Common friend, the ianie, I believe, if my memory doe, not fail xme, who 'was at, enrards the bearer of the last trIbute of her affection and conjugsal duty to the Sing, to which I shall hereafter bare to refer. "A dinner, however, given to Louis XVI brou_ght matters at last toi conclusion; and, satisfied of a syatematie intention to degrade her before the public, she thens atlast obtained the reluctant assent of sorne of the memblrs of the Royal Family t6 her determination of finaUy closing her connexion with the Prince, to whom, in fmutherance of th& decision, she never afterwards opened the doors of her house. Upon all former occasion%, to avoid etiquette in eircumstances of such delicacyas regarded her own situation with reference to the Prince, it had been customary to sit at table without regard to rank. Uponthe present occasion this plan was to be altered, and Mrs. Fitzherbert was informed, through her friends at Court,that at the Royal table the individuals invited were to sit according to their rank " When assured of this novel arrangement, she asked the Prinoe, who had invited her with the rest of his company, where she was to sit? HIe said, ' You know, Madam, you have no place.' ' None, Sir,' she replied, ' but such as you choose to give me.' Upon this she informed the Royal Family that she would not go. The Duke of York and others endeavoured to alter the preconcerted arrangement, but the Prince was inflexible, and, aware of the peculiar circumstances of her case and the distressing nature of her general situation, they no longer hesitated to agree vith her that no advantage was to Se obtained by further postponement of her own anxLious desire to close her connexion with the Prince, and to retire once more into private life. She told me she often looked back 'with wonder that she had not sunk under the trials of those two years. "ayim g come to this zesolution, she was obliged, on the very evening, or on that which folo&wed the Royal dinner to attend an assembly at Devonshire-house, which was the last evening she saw the Prince previously fo their finil separation. The Duchess of Devonshire, takdng her by the arm, said to her, ' You must come and see the duke in his own room, as he is suffering from a fit of the gout, but he wll be glad to see an old fiend.' In passig through the rooms she saw the Prince and Lady Hertford in a tete-a-dte conversation, and nearly fainted under all the impressions which then rushed upon her mind, but, taking a glass of water, she recovered and passed on." Thus terminated her connexion -with the Prince, with the exception that shortly before his demise she wrote to him a letter,offering her services,which, it is said, he received with eagemness, though he did not, or possibly could not, reply to it. She was informed by the Duke of Wellington that he more than once expressed his andiety that a particular picture should be hung round his neck and deposited with him in the grave; and it seemed to be the opinion of the Duke that this was a portrait of herself, which was afterwards not to be found on the King's decease. Dr. Carr, the Bishop of Chichester, as Mr. L angdale afterwards states, corroborated this opinion, having seen the portrait attached to the body of the King in his coflin. Here was some evidence of atraohment, if not of remorse, fot the sacriice he had made of an amiable woman-in the first place to his interests, and finalyytohispassions. "Soon after his death she left town forBrighton. There she a second time received the kindest messages.from Wil1iam IV.; but, upon his inquiry why she did not come to see him, she stated the peculiar difficulties of her situation, and a wish, if it was not asldng too much from his condescension, that he would gracionslgy honour her with a personal communication at her own house, previously to her visit to the Pavilion. "The King kindly complied with her request without delay, and she told him that she could not, in her present circurastances, avail herself of the honour of waiting upon His Majesty -without asking his permission to I place her papers before him and requesting his advice vpon them. Upon her placing in his hands the documents wrhich have been preserved in justification of her character, and especially the cerEficate of her marriage, and another interesting and most affecting paper, this amiable Sovereign wias movred to tears by their perusal, and expressed his surprise at so much forbearance wvith such documents in her possession and under the pressure of such longand severe trials. He asked her what amends he could mak-e her, and offered to make her a duchess. She replied that she did not rwish for any rank; that she had borne through life the name of Mfrs. Fitzherbert; that she had never disgraced it, and did not wish to change it; that, therefore, she hoped HisMa jesty wrould accept her unfeigned gratitude for his gracious proposal, but that he wrould permit her to retain -her present name. 'Well, then,' said he, 'I shal insist uponyour wearing my livery,' and ended by authorizng her to put on weeds for his xRoyal brother. He added, '-I numst-owever; soon see you at the Pavilion ' and I believe -he proposed the followin' Sunday, a day on wrhich his family wvere more retired, for seeinlg her at dinEner, and spending the evening at the Pavilion. 'I shall introduce you m~yself to my family,'said he, 'but Vou- mu d mc 'word of your- arrival.' At the appointed hour, -pon her reacbing the Pavilion, the condescending Monarch came himself and handed her out of her carriage, and introdueed her to his family, one after the other, as one of themselves. He ever after treated her in the same 'racioos manner, and on one occasion, upon her return fromiaris, made her a present of some jewels, which he said he had had some time, but would not send them to her abroad, as he wished to give them to her himself on her return to England. He afterwards entered, as I shall proceed to relate, into conversation on matters relating to her dearest interests, and to sanction the custody of sulch papers as were thought most available in support of herhonour an4 fair reputation with posterity. "Mrs. Fitsherbert told me that the first day when, in compliance with the commands of the King, she went to the Pavilion and was presented byhim to the Queen and Royal Family, she was herself much surprised at the great coinposure with which she was able to sustain a trial of fortitude which appeared so alarming at a distance; but she balieved the excitement had sustained her. It was not so the next dinner at which she was present in the same family circle; and the many reflections which then opp,ressed her zmid very nearly overpowered her. Afterwards she irequently attended the KZing's small Sunday parties at Brighton, and then, as upon all other occasions she wlas received wiith uniform kindness and consideration." There is a letter of hers, dated Dec. 7, 1833, in which she describes to Lord Stourton the ldndness she also received from the family of Louis Philippe, and the intimate terms upon which they received her. William IV. concurred in the arangement made between her and the executors of his predecessor by which a correspondence was destroyed, including, we presume, that Royal love-letter of 37 pages which must have been such a model of a lover'sperjuries. To the Duke of York and the Queen she was indebted for a mortgage of X,0001. a-yearon the palace of Brighton, untilwhich she had no legal title to a shilling if she survived the Prince. In fact, at one period she had debts -upon her own jointures incurred principally on his account; and apparently, instead of his taking care of her interests, it seems that he wvas as ready to sponge upon her fortune as to damage her character and abuse her affections. For him there is no excuse when we consider her story as a whole, though it does appear that at times he was desirous to uphold her in the position which he eagerly induced her to assume. In addition to the circumstances mentioned by Mr. Lsangdale, we must not forget that his rupture with Brummell has been attributed to the impudence of the latter in summoning with a marked emphasis the carriage of Mstress Titherbcrt. SNo blame, howFever, attaches to the King's8 executors; on the contrary, it is admitted that they acted with good feeling and consideration. Lord Albemarle writes to inform L,ord Stourton that- " Yesterday, the DuLke of Wellington, Mrs. Pitzherbert, and myself, were busily engaged in burning all the letters on either side, with the exception of those whicl irs. Fitzherbert chose to keep. It would be unjust to the Duke of Wellington if I did not say that his conduct was gentlemanly and friendly to Mrs. Fitzherbert in every respect, and I know that she is perfectly satisfied." Subsequently the Duke himself, in 1841, on explaining to Lord Stourton his objections to the reopening of the packet at Coutts's, concludes his letter as follows:- "Underthese circumstances, and hann acted consci- entiously and upon honour throughout the affairs detailed in this letter, I cannot but consider it my duty to protest, and I do protest most solemnly, against the measure proposed by your Lrdship, that of breaking the seals affixed to the packet of letters belonging to the late Mrs Fitzherbert, deposited at Messrs. Coatts', the bankers, under the several seals of the Earl of Albemarle, your Lordship, and myself. "I have the honour to be, my lord, "Your Lordship's most faithful and "Obedient humble servant, "s WVhEGTOM." "The Lord Stourton, Allerton-park" Whether or not-Mir. Keppel, the executor of Lord Albemarle, has acted with propriety m refusing, so late as 1855, to produce these papers we have no occasion to inquire, as he has fortified himself with the opinions of the Duke of Bedford and of the executers of MIrs. Fitzherbert herself. As, in fact, they must be inferior in interest to Lord Stourton's narTative, and, their nature being known, are scarcely required to give it authenticity, the public, on the one hand, loses little by this refusal, whie any error of 3udgment to which it is attributable is of more importane to these gentlemsen than to the memory of Mrs. Fitzherbert. Eer reputation is now sufficiently vindicated by Lord Stourton and Mi. Langdale-her elatives and -religionists-nor will it be affected henceforh by the repetition of the scanMiing statements which have given them so muesk uinbrage. Her memoirs will now be a fitting corrboration of the fact ingeniously sybolized on her monument by Mrs. lionel Dawsou Dxrer, originally the Miss Seymoulr confided to her guar- linhip. "The inscription is as follows.-' In a vault near this spot are deposited the remains of Maria Fitsherbort. She was orn n te 2(th f Juy, 756,andexpired a'.4 Brig.hii onthe 2th o Marc 1837 Oneto whom she w A 3femirs of Mrrs. Fi1hoerbert; wih an aecount of he? Mamiage with H.R.H. thc Prince of Wales, afterwards Kin0 George IV. By the Hon. Charles L&gdaie. .oudof - BRntl. JI3fi ' X and beloved memo. as a humbie ttibute of her gr, and e .ffection.'o. .. "The hand of the fgs-e bad the sinu1ar addit I {cee 2ings on the fingers, thui bearing the-evidence affec^olxate lady who erected it to the triplenarriaze ,departet2 frend." - I A fair fa,ae wi be henceforth assoczted wift fair face whi-ch has become dust, andlrs. EM bert, absolved from the suspicion of fiailty, m remembered for jjpr worth and the wrongs she Buffered. i
THE ClhZ'rC. TO THlE EDITOR. OF TBg-2hIES. %'=,-The letter of your correspondent 1specti, maing steamer Pacific, your comments therempon aa conse:QpemCes, so honourable to hiln, toyourse, and t Englkh Government, tempt me to proffer akumise may pesibly afford comfort to the friends of t}'ee, fate exciteasomuch anxiety, without toomu,c,4 encor hopes which will turn out to be fallacious iu the end. I have had considerable experience upon the sex some amorg bergs and fields of - ice. I have manyhoursof anything but pleasure whilethe -hip that moe was rushing, amid the densest fog aniat full g through thronging ice islands, the proximity-Mf which tooplyindicated bythe intensecoldof air bndwater more than one night have I known when daskness a to fog, increased the danger of being dsahed ti pieces,i having our fast-wasting bow cut through And thrc With some confidence therefore, but withbbecomir serve, I would suggest the following explauatibin of th longed absence of the vessel in question, proyided sht been neither sunk by an iceberg nor consumed by accidents both of them a hundredfold more improl than that which I conjecture has befallen her Field ice, which this year appeared unusaly earb in immense quantities, directly in the track of stea bound to and coming from Iforth America, had not si eight weeks ago had time to become7what is called ro the low temperature of the air and ocean in the mon February not having had as yet the effect of rendering I able and ready to yield. Consequently, a woo4en struc even when sheathed with copper, on being ground agai for a:certain time, must necessaily be damaged quickly ana more seriously than it would be by comir contact with the same ice afew degrees further south few months later. Nowv, the commander of the Pacific, withithe new Persia at his heels, was doubtlessbent on making the q est passage possible. Unaware of any extraordinary from ice-which,had he lnown of it,he mligt have av, by ranning 10 or 15 hours, and even less, to the south unexpectedly found himself ice-locked. According to invariable custom or ship-masters in a like predicamen tried to push his way through to clear water. -But not ceeding after a long while, his bow having become too to support any further pressure, he stopped his Tessel to her from springing a lea He had already attempted4e visible break among the heaving floes that surrounded and had failed to find a way of escape. W'hit then d behove him as a prudent manto do? Toproceedin directionbowforemostreven to retrace the way he had a the only way in regard to distance he knew anyt about, and that but partially, owing to the shifting na of field ice--was a thing impracticable, the oow ha become the tenderest part of the ship. He must then attempted to back her if resolved on change of posi Put the stern of a vessel is much weakerthan the I and, if the boW vbad suffered so much in passing throu given extent of ice, what would be the condition of same weaker portion before a similar experimeent had half made? Nothing remained, therefore, for-the unf nate vessel but to keep as still as possible; waiting foi hour of delivcrance, while she Iloated souward, rounded by an impassable barrier. If to my hypothesis it be objected, that one gf the severe gales of which we have heard must have destroy ship placed as I have supposed the Pacific to have'bee answer that ice break-s the force of or rather prer waves, and that, having little or no top-hamper, the would have incurred but'a trifling risk. and ifIam tl would have been seen by other vessels, my reply is that banks usualy attena icefields, so that an object is of visible to a spectator not 50 yards off. Then, if we bear in mind that- the hulls of the C steamers are as stronz as wood. iron, and copper could them, and that these ships are liberally supph with visions, it really seems to me that the time for b despair has not yet arrived. I am, Sir. your obedient servant. A S.I Paris, MIarch 27.
EFORATOBY IOOLS. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Siz,-I have zeceived a letter, of which the enclosed translation, from M. de Metz, the celebrated. found Mettray, on the question whether or no youthful offer should be committed direct to refonnatory schools, wit the intervention of preliminary imprisonment. The Su is one of great importance, and X1. de letz's viewv opinions have so much weight with ailwho labour i reformatory cause that I venture to trouble you Witt authoritative expression of them, trusting t]at you think them entitled to a place in your columns. - I remain, always, your wost obedient servant WIIAM GLADSTO02 7, Ausinfrias, Iarch 12. mTranslation.]"Mettray, Feb. "My dear Friend,-Yon wish to consult ne on question whether it is better to send children dire reformatory schools on their being sentenced, or to let Dass some time ia rison. "My answer . be 'Yes'or'No,'accordingtocii stances. "If the boy is placed in a separate cell immediatel his apprehension and kept from all bad associatio shoul not hesitate to pronounce in favour of the adva which may result from a discipline which exercises the first a salutary intimidation. The boy, pliced in degree before his own conscience, which has' been 'ihe-voie of God,' vill have time to reflect on :himseI convince himself that the happiest days of his life have those passed in innocence. Labour, which till then ha an ooject of antipathy, becomes a necessity, andcvery s pleasure, for the greatest privation that one canini hni in solitudeis totake 'workfrom him. Thus di his arrival in the midst of his new companions will b danger to them. "He will havetime in the cell to lay asidethe tur disposition he has contracted in theworld. H6e wil much more easily to the hardships of the school, bees will have been subjected previously to the more seve of the prison. His first impression on arriving vill of gratitude, and he will show himself open to the whol impulses which we endeavour to a-waken in his heart. 'But if the boy, on his apprehension, be mixed a other prisoners, he will acquiretheirvices instead of c ing his own. Without supervision by day, and espec night, as happens, bat too often in our I prisons de p tion,' his morals wil become corrupted, he will habits of idleness, and his admission totheschool-wl to him an aggravation of his punishment; theiwork be sabjected to wilibe the more painful in proportion length of time during which he has been doin iioth "' Certainly, under such circumstances, it will better that the boy should be sent directly withot previonsly committed for trial, as may happen uinde K=ws when the boy iB not actually criminal. "t There are, therefore, as to moral health as well sical, methods of treatment which may be good orb cording to their application. "1 limit here, my dear friend, my oboervations, p myself entirely at your disliosal ifI can inderany stances be of use. It is no merit to h;ve experien cause it is to time we owe it, but we must oontess sach cases as this it is an indispensable guide. "You know I never can repay all owe youfor all the sypathy I have received and for whi deeply grate au r 'Atccept the asswanace of mny higlh esteera, M
TiE DuTTms oF Coio.No Rs.-At tUa; Gi Quarter Sessions, held this week before Mr, P. B } county chairman, and a bench of nearly 80'magis among whom were Earl Fitzhardinge audi &rli Dis question of the jurisdiction of coroners in holing in in csses of sudden death was discussed. A&tte lsst: sessions, the Cour., on passing the commners'oills, the decision that inquests had been lo, in nanr c which they were unnecessary, and, t, mark {sei: this, disallowed the fees of two of t o.coronew in. three cases, intimatiug that they srould follow th couxse whenever what they considered "unnec inquests were held in future. The QDuroIai ouepted anode of dealing with them, and cousnned to hold up to thepresent time as before. On this cDroue now coming before the Court for exatninat chairman proposed to defer theis examiAtion to a day, as it would take up too 3lch of the time Court, and intimated that te coroaer6 w,re at to make any statemenwt thereon.; upon which th coroners, present, ldessrs. ial], lovegrove, and ford, addressed the tConrt atsoume length. Mr. B tained that he had uever elwd an unnecesrinqu had bis fees disallo.wed 'LI to this time, athough beencoronerfor nL quarter of a century. Hoewas to discharge his duties conscientiously, acoording oath which he had taken on his election, and he d allow any body of gentlemen to interpret for him th ing of the oat)hM which lie had taken. The corinor h caledbyXvc Imes tl. pioor man's n.ste,as accesuble V.j the poow san l at all times, and was penalties and dismissal if he refused to act. He for an inrmediato examination of his account. ford arnd Mr. Lovegrovo coU tcided that, if the ccx hamperod in his duties by the Court, they would he a door to all sorts of fraud and violence, and he late pwisnnilg CP cr, :. bbuwling the neoessity isnuiry in eases of suddh *leath, even where no s h O dv _
SECOND EDITION. THE TIME&OFFICE, Saturday Morning., THE EAST. (BY SUBX&'li AND BRITISH TmwuuE.) We have received the following telegraphic deptch from our Maseilles correspondent " IARSEILLES, SATuRDAY, 8.25 A.-M. c" The Sinai has arrived, with advices from Consantinople of the 20th, and from the Crimea of the 18th instant. She has brought 80 soldiers. " Despatches leave at 9 a.m. " The steamer Alma has anived from Kamiescl with 2,500 shels and 66 iRussian cannon. " The steamers European, Persian, -Francois Arago, and France leave with troops for Algeria." EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- - Twhe Conferences are said to have made considerable progress on Wednesday and yesterday; and as there is no relaxation in their labours, for the Ple3ipotentiaries meet to-day, to-morrow, and Sunday if necessary, we may consider that the moment for Signing the Treaty of Peace is close at hand. No one, perhaps not even the members of the Congress themselves, can fim the precise date, unless the accelerated motion of this day brings them to the certainty. The difficulty about Prussia, which interrupted the course of the previous proceedings, has 'oeen arranged, and, it appears, as satisfactorily as possible under the circumstances; and Sardinia, from *whom some slight murmurs may have been heard, has been contented, a very satisfactory clause to her, with the nature of which I am nnacquainted, having, it is said, been introduced in the protocols. The Congress will not be too severely censured if it be found necessary to do business on the Sumday. A work of peace is not unsuitedc to the Sabbath. The opinion to-day among political persons is, that the treaty will be signed tomorrow ; others speak of Sunday, and even of Monday, but beyond that it is not now believed the delay will extend. On Monday the armistice expires, and the order that has been transmitted not to re-commence hostilities till further notice does not by any means imply that every effort will not be exerted to make the conclusion of peace coincide with, if not precede, that date. MIoreover, a review, on a gra%nd scale, of the garrison of Paris by the Emperor is announced for Tuesday. It is a fitting conclusion, and the imposing spectacle may show Russia that if peace be made it is not from want of means to carry on the war. MIost people, I repeat, incline to the belief that all will be brought to a close to-morrow night-that is, all that is indispensable for the treaty, as several matters, neither slight nor of snall importance, must stand over for fituLre settle3nent. Many expect that the MIonitet!r of Sunday will contain the glad tidings. Whether this will be the case I cannot affirm; but I rather suispect that the announcement to Paris will take place in another fashion. I am told that at the moment the last signature is affixed to the treaty, a signal will be made from the Foreign-office, and 100 guns will proclaim the tidings before a single Plenipotentiary quits the hall of the Conferences. Suclh a mode of proceeding would produce much effect. On Sunday the streets are thronged with people going to or coming from chuirch, or engaged ill occupation or amusement, and newsmongers are all abroad ala chlasse des cansards. On that day also the Bourse is closed, and a check given to all except the pettiest jobbing. I have no doubt that if the guns of the Invalides announce peace under these circumstances the joy 'would be great. Aun English Caboinet Messenger was to have left London the day before yesterday for Copenhagen; perhaps he is the bearer of instructions to the fleet relative to the armistice ; and another leaves London this evening en r ou te for Constantinople. Lord Clarendon it appears is expected at Downing-street on Mlonday, but he will probably return lhere again. Some surprise has been manifested in certain political circles at an incident to which, perhaps, too much imporcance is attached, and the fact that it has not passed unnoticed in high quarters is the principal if not the only reason for my alluding to it. It is thought rather odd that 'while the Emperor of the French expresses great confidence in Austria, whose interests, apart from other motives, are or ought to be sufficient guarantee for the sincerity of her sympathies to the alles, the Ambassador of the Emperor Francis Joseph should have invited persons wbo, however eminent or honourable, are, at all events, regarded as the chiefs of parties- hostile to the French Government and its policy, to meet the members of the Congress at a late official banquet. Side by side with the Plenipotentlaries were, it seems, M. de Flavigny, the Duo de Noailles, M. Guizot, and others whose sympathies are well known. The fact was mentioned in the Patrie an evening or two ago, and I only allude to it l.ecause I have reason to believe that in certain quarters an umpleasant effect has been produced. A letter from Constantinople, dated the 17th, says:- "There is still a good deal of movement among diplo. matic people here; the telegraph does not pause a moment, and messages in cipher of excessive length are despatched at all hours of the night. I mentioned in my last that the Grand Vizier Aali Pasha informed the Government thab the members of the Congress required the insertion of the last Hatti-HEumayoun in the treaty of peace. The Ministry here appear very divided on this question, which affects much less than was supposed the sovereignty of the Porte, and the main object of which is to recognise the liberal reforms spontaneously decreed by the Sultan in the complete enjoymcnt of his independence. The difference which arose last week respecting the Principalities has not yet been solved. I informed you in one of my previous letters that at the Vienua Conferences the union of the Principalh ties was opposed, but the project, which was not very acceptable to the Porte, is now renewed. Austria opposes it because the development of the Principalities does not by any means suit the policy which she has followed hitherto with so much perseverance and ability. Independent of any ulterior views the Cabinet of Vienna may have on Moldlavia and Wallachia, Austria has fears for her own Rounlan subjects, whom she has to the present been unable to conciliate, and who have preserved their language, their tradiF tions, and their nationality. The Porte is well enough disposed to support Austria, because if it consent to the union of the two Principalities under one chief, it fears that thc lo=s of its right as Suzerain may soon foUow. It Will not ulderstand that since the reign of Stephen the Great the iloumans have never ceased to afford to the Sultans the greatest proofs of devotedncss; that they have never turned to the side of the Greeks norto theSlaves, because they are neither the one nor the other; that their greatest interest depends on their remaining attached to Tnrkey, and that the muion of the Principalities with a population of over 5,000,00, wvho could easily fit out an army of 100,000 men, wouldlbe the strongest barrier that could be opposed to Mnssian or Austrian invasion. I believe that the policy inclines this way. In all the questions that have come before B. Th',uvenel, he has treated them with prudence and moderation-much more so tban France would be obliged to Sobserve when a matter of so much importance is treated by her, and the sacrifices she has made for Turkey are taken into consideration. She would be justified in showing energy and determination, particularly in a matter in which she is 'completely disinterested, and when she has no material benefit t) expect." We read in the Moniteur de la Flottc "A lettc-rfrom Kamniesch, of the 12th, announces that the steam corvette Phhigltoii had arrived there the day before, from Elburn, wlijther sihe haa been sent to notify the conclusion of the armistice. She communicated with Oczakoff, where the intelligence was received on the 4th by express from Nicholaieff. The Dnieper continued to drift ice, and the allied squadron had been obliged to quit the river and anchor on the Black Sea side. The cold had diminished. In the night of the 6th, however, the centigrade thermometer ranged at 12 deg. below the freezing point. The garrison was amply supplied with provisions, and its sanitary condition satisfactory. The corvette, on her vay back to -Kamiesch, called at Odessa ir the evening of the 9th, but was informed that there were no French prisoners to be exchanged. Russian prisoners were expected from Constantinople, who were to be exchanged for English and Turkish prisoners." The Monitenr de la Flotte has the following from the banks of the Baltic:- "1 The Russian Government, anticipatingthe conclusion of peace, is at pre-eeat much occupied with questions relative to the orgauizati6,: of its distant possessions, and its maritime trade, of which it appyrrs determined by all means to encourage the development. An Imperial decree, dated 17th inst., annexes to the Russian empire several island& of the North Pacific Ocean, which were explored by P.ussian officers a short time before the war. Three of those islands belong to the archipelago of King George m. The largest has been niawed Nicholas, in honour of the late Emperor, who had ordered its occupation. It is situate within a short disfanice of New Archangel, the residence of the Governor.General of Russian America, and, previous to the co,,onencement of hostilities, the seat of the factory of the great r,Thitime Company. The island of Kodiak is a2so incorporated with those possessions. The Russians had a thriving settlement in that island, named St. Paul, the inhabitants of wvhich were principally engaged in the seal fishery. The Russians also possess in that part Of the world the Aleutian Archipelago, situate at the extremity of the peninsula of Alaska, in the North Pacific Ocean. This Archipelago stretches from Alaska to the peninsula of Kamtschatka, in Asia, andisdivided intofourgroups, the pDo puilations of wvhich continuallymovefromone placeto another. These are-the Aleutian Islands, properly speaking, of which Alton is the moAt populous and important; theRats or Krisji Islands, the Andreanoff Islands, which are remarkable for the number of their volcanoes, and the Fox Islands, the largest and most populous of which are Oupalakha and Ounimak. The islands of these different groups hitherto explored are 61 in nmnber, but their population does not exceed 6,000 souLls. Russia likewise possesses in the Sea of Behring (the Piybiloff Archipelago) the three principal islands, of vhich St. Paul, St. George, and Soupivok have been lately annexed to the empire. According to the most authentic documents, Russian America covers a superficies of 1,000,000 square miles, and contains about 78,000 inhabitants." The Government presented to-day to the Leogislative Body-1st, a bill having far its objecb to convert into a law the decrees modifying the Customs Tariff issued since February, 1855; 2d, a project of law relative to the levy, in 1857, of the contingent of 140,000 recruits of the class of 1856; 3d, a project of law granting pensions to the wounded and other victims of the insurrection of June, 1848; and 4th, a project of law introducing some changes in the budget of 1857. The following private telegraphic despatch has been received:- "MARSEILLES, MAXcH 27. " In consequence of a MIinisterial order from Paris, from 6,000 to 7,G00 troops are to be immediately embarked for Algeria. The Jacques Arago is to carry out 1,03 ; the European, 1,300; the France, 1,200; and the Empress, 400. The rest are to be embarked in smaller vessels." The vlIoniteur says:- "The orders sent to Marseilles for the embarcation of a division of infantry for Algeria are for the purpose of replacing the troops which are to return to France." The 'fniteitr announces that addresses of congratulation to the Emperor, which continue to pour in from every part of the country, are so numerous that it is impossible for it to publish the text of them, and that it wiU confine itself to giving the names of the places from which they are sent. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 17th inst. were 920,612f., or 34,270f. more than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross receipts since the 1st of January amounted to 9,603,730f., being a difference in favour of 1856 of 1,300,022f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. lSc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 50c.; and the New Loan at 73f. 60c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,310f.; Great Northern, 1,000f.; Strasburg, 988f. 75c.; New Shares, 828f. 75c. ; Paris and Lyons, 1,275f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,575f.; Western of France, 898f. 75e.; Bordeaux and Cette, 765f.; Great Central of France, 655f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 800f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,615f.; Austrian Railways, 915f. Cours AutlentiqUe.-PAnis, AMarch 28.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinbursable for 10 years), 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c. 50c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 25c. WeOc.; Three per Cents., 72f. 85c. 90c. 73f. 72f. 90c. 95c. 73f.- ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 40c. 30c. 40c. ; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 40c. 30c. 40c.; Bank of France, 3,500f.; Cr6dit Foncier, 710f. 715f.; ditto Obligations of 500£f.,Fourper Cents., 450f.; ditto Three per Cents., 410f. 405f. ; Prom. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,590f. 1,59Sf. 1,600f. 1,605f. 1,C02f. 50c. 1,610f. 1,612f. 50c. 1,615f. ; Discount Bank, 650f. 64Sf. 75c.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 94f. 25c. 94f.; ditto Three per Cents., 61f; Austrian Five per Cents., 90 Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97k; Romans, 90.J; Spanish Deferred Converted, 24k; ditto Interior Debt, 40. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 25f 37.'c.; three months, money, 24f. 92dc. RUSSIA. (a-ROM OUB. owN CORRESPONDENT.) BERlLIN, MAecE 27. The reform of abuses in Russia, in which the Government has so boldly taken the initiative, seems lilkely to become epidemic, if the measures the authorities have found it necessary to apply in a recent instance should prove ineffectual. The affair is as follows :-There is in St. Petersburg a IMedico-Chirurgical Academy, which in the time of Alexander I. was under the control of the Ministry of the Interior, but of late years has been under the administration of the War-office. A very short time back four students of this Academy presented themselves at the Winter Palace, and demanded to speak with the Emperor, as they had a complaint to make to him. On this being reported to the Emperor by the General on duty, (called there and here the General dcz jour,)i he orders them to be admitted. Nothing daunted by the Imperial presence, they prefer bitter complaints of the maladministration of the Institution, and point convincingly to the 'wretched quality of their own equipments. The Emperor listenedc to their complaints very attentively, and at the end commissioned one of his Adjutants, to examine into the truth of the statements. The result of this examination was in great measure to corroborate the representations the students had made. The young reformers, however, have experienced the usual fate of al reformers from below ; they have been punished for their officiousness, under the plea of their not having observed the ordinary course for preferring complaints, but taken the extraordinary one of appealing direct to the Emperor. It is, moreover, averred that their own conduct in the Academy had not been entirely spotless. They are accordingly degraded to the rank of surgeons' assistants, but of course with the liberty to work their way up again. Their boldness, howeverwi probablynot be without its advantage to the public, as it appears that the Academy is about to be placed under the management of the Minister of Pablic Education. It is pointed to as a very significant proof of the' sincerity of the Government in its professions of reform that it does not hesitate to publish intimnations of the many defects and abuses of the Administration in the public journals; thus the Invalide publishes now in a month more public censures than were ever known in forlmler times to have been issued in a year. Besides the censure passed upon General Marine and Major-General von Brtuim (mentioned in a letter printed in your impression of the 25th instant) for not lookilg better afteri the equiipmenits of the reserve division of the 6th infantry corps, the officerz then1Selves, whose direct duty it was to provide adequate eqiipments and supplies, are handed o'ver to a court-martial.; in the first instance Major-GeneralWolkoff, and then the other staff and superior officers, aceordiiig to their complicity in the various faults of omiiission and commission, are to be brought to trial, and to receive the punishments adjudged them by the court. It bacomes now clearer and clearer eVery day that it was the Emperor's trip to the Crimea, and the in. spection of the troops there, that have contributed more than anything else to the pacific course that Russia has entered upon. The losses sustained by the tropps in their forced marches are by this time pretty well ascertained as having reached a fearful per centage; the militia of Kursk and Kaluga, the two divisions of grenadiers, and the reserve troops from Moscow were literally decimated before they reached the scene of action, and after the battle of Traktilr the Commander-in-Chief had officially declared that iie halrdly felt himself strong 6ieoiiglh to main-tain his ground in-the fortified positions he had taken up. 'The pacific inclihtations of Russia are clearly to be traced to these results, combined with the probability of the coalition against her increasing in ext 'rit and force. In spite of all the proI spects of peace the military authorities are com- pelled to resort to the greatest severity to procure recruits tt J311 up the enormous gaps the late war has made in the ranks; thus an ukase just issued ordains that- "11Al th.,-. who on the recruiting by lots had kept in hiding, or had kept out of the way on occasion of the recruiting according to turn, even though the number of those who have entered by lot or in turn should have been exceeded, are,with the exception of deserters who are unfit for service, alid are to be imade over to the hands of justice, to be looked oni as recruits, to be called out in future levies." The Min2ister of the Interior has proposed to the Council of the Empire a plan for adding a third section to his oflice, witli a director at its head, to which all cases of offence against thle Orthodox Church are to be referred. The plan has been approved by the Council and the Emperor, and its expanses provided for in the budget. The reprint in the various Russian papers of the speeches lately made by the Emperor of the French, and which appeared first of all in the Journal de St. Petersbou'rq, has much strengthened the hopes of the Russians that the present Conferences in Paris will end in a peace. In the commercial world, however, business had been flat in the second week of this montlh; t'his may have arisen from the fact that there have been already very considerable purchases made forEnglish account, for delivery next summer. In the course of last week (which was not Passionweek with the Russians although it was with us), the Emperor left St. Petersburg for a tour of inspection in Finland; the intention of visiting this province seems to have existed some time, though its execution appears to have been somewhat sudden and unexpected; the motive assigned for it is represented to be the Emperor's desire of forming for himself, after personal examination, an opinion on certain points connected with the fortresses there, on which a diversity of opinion had reigned at the military councils lately held in St. Petersburg. A letter from a Russian source dilates upon the altered state of feeling that exists now between the Emperors of Russia and Austria; formerly, whatever took place in the political attitude of the two States, nothing could affect the natural and imposing influence exercised personally over Francis Joseph by his uncle Nicholas, who had so often dandled him on his knee as an infant; towards the Emperor Alexander, however, the feeling is understood to be very different, and to have produced a sensation of disappointment and slight in the breast of the latter, which finds expression from time to time in words and in action. On the Emperor Alexander's mounting the throne, it was intended and hoped that the former relation of youthful friends would be recognized and realized, but the Russian Imperial family has seen with great pain that Austria has been the cause of an unbroken series of embarrassments and mortifications to Russia in the late conflict, and there is every appearance that this will not be soon forgotten in Russia. To begin with, the frontier intercourse between Russia and the Austrian crownlands, which formerly enjoyed peculiar privileges and facilities, has been put under considerable restrictions, and the former has clearly intimated her intention of withholding the support she had promised to afford to the Austrian plans in connexion with the Danubian Principalities. Letters 'have been received here from the household of the Empress Mother which state her intention to visit Germany this summer and make a somewhat lengthened stay here at her brother's Court; it is understood to be her intention to wait over her own birthday, July 13, which she will spend in St.Petersburg,before she sets offonthistrip. An Odessa merchant of the name of Abraham Rafalowitsch has obtained permission from the MVinister of Finance to open a house of business in Berlin. According to the Emperor's decision on this matter, Rafalowitsch and his sons Leo and Ilermann receive this permission for the period of three years; they receive passports which are to be valid for that period, provided the house does not bring its business activity to a close earlier. These little incidents that come out now and then do not throw any very favourable light on the extent of the, reforms that the Government is disposed to introduce into the freedom of locomotion and commercial enterprise. ITALY. The Opiqninoe, of Turin, of the 28th instant, quotes a letter from Parma, of the 22d, giving a sad account of that city. The state of siege was enforced there with extreme rigour, and the number of arrests amounted already to between 300 and 400. The political prisoners, 26 in number, had been removed at night by the Austrians to the fortress of Mantua. Several inhabitants of IParma, who had retired to Piacenza, were arrested there and brought back to Parma. A decree against moustaches and beards was to be issued. The Austrian Commander was invested with the supreme authority, and it was on a Tyrolese Commissary the framing of the regulations of ithe state of siege had devolved. Among the persons arrested were-M. Alfred Malvisi, son of the la-wyer of that name; Dr.-Tebaldi, a physician attached to the prisons; M. Olivieri and his sister; two clerks in the house of Albertazzi and Co., &c. The police had minutely searched the Royal printing office. The war auditor, Gaetano Bordi, was not yet dead, and some hopes of his' recovery were entertained. Strong patrols, composed of police agents, gendarmes, and Austrian soldiers, continuallycirculatedthrough the streets. The DuchessRegent had granted the axintm of the pension awarded by the law to widows of public functionaries to Madame Calista Pahmia, widow of Count 'Valerio Magawly, of Carly, Director of the Central Prison, lately murdered by a political assassin. Tne Parina Gazette publishes the following "Whereas her Royal Highness, tbe august Regent, has, by her decree of yesterday, proclained the city of Parma and the neighbouring rural districts to be in a state of siege, in virtue of the decrees of the 28th of September, 1849, and 22d of December, 1851. the director of the general police,afterconcertingmeasureswiththemilitarycommander, 'directs the attention of the inhabitants of those localities, for theirguidance, to thoprincipal clausesof thatexceptionallaw, to which others have been appended in order to givpit additional force. Tho inhabitants are forbidden to atop, either by daLy or by night, at the ent-rance of the streets, sahburhs, andlanes ofthcity. Aftertlheevening Angclusallgro p: -of mnore than four persons are to be dispersed. Artisans, operatives, and other persons of the same description, ara not allowed to be absent from their homes after 9 o'clock, unless they have good reason to justify their absence, as otherwise theyshallbeimmediately arrested. Those who should be found writing on the walls insulting expressions or menaces against the authorities, or against private persons, or wi.o should be convicted of the fact, shall be arrested andhanded over to the Military Commander. All other' offences of a similar naturo shall likewise be punished according to the prescription of the state of siege laws. " RANCESCHIS. "Parma, 18th March, I85E." ELEOTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATOCEES. (FRO3I OUR OWN CORRESPONDENTS.) SOUTHAEMPTON, SATURDAY MoRN-iNG. Arrived.-La Poule, from Cherbourg; Wonder (steamer), from Jersey; Alliance (steamer), from Havre. Sailed.-Atalanta (steamer), for Havre; South Western and Express (steamers), for Jersey; MaLvir.a, for SSunder. sand. 1IVERPOOL, SATURDDAY 3Osra,G. Wind S.E. Airrived.-Pattersdil and George West, from New Qr. leans; War Cloud, from Mobile; Canadian, scrow steamer, from New York. Sailed.-Laura, for Malta and Gibraltar;: Claudine, for Konigsberg. (P.Y SURNTARTNE AND BRITISI TZ"GsH.) GRAVESEND, SATURDAY, 9.53 A.A3 Wind E.; fresh and fine; tide three hours' ebb. Arrived, March 28.-St. Paul, from Stuer. Arrived, March 29.-Charlotte, from Dram; Gymet, from Drontheim. DEAI SATURDAY, 9.41 A.M. Wind E.S.E., strong. Passed.-Lady Hilda, from Barbados, for London. The Chaseley, from Calcutta, for London, is anchored at Dungeness and not in the Downs, as it appears in Ltoyics List of yesterday. STOCK EXCIANGE. SATURDAY MORn.-nG, U O'CLOx.. Consols for M, oney ... ... 92. to 92g Consols for Account (April10) ... 92` to 927 . 1 _ U
TBE ARMY IN TiE CRIMEA. GENERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March S. No. 1. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence to Lieutenant-Colonel Bourke, 11th Regiment, to July 18, 1856. No. 2. iMajor Cox, 13th Regiment, and Major Ireland, 3d West India R egiment, attached to the Land Transport Corps, iill perform the duties of Assistant QuartermasterGeneraland Alssistant Adjutant-General until further orders, receiving the usual pay and allowances. No. 3. The services ofLieutenant Cameron, 72dRegiment, being no longer required as assistant-engineer, he Will rejoin his regiment. No. 4. Quartermaster-Sergeant' W. IDrage, Grenadeer Guards, having actedas Quartermaster to the 31st,Regiment, may draw field allowance accordingly from the 24th of October, 1855. No. 5. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant Preston, 3d Light Dragoons, to March 31, 1856; Lieutenant R.Gore, Royal Horse Artillery, for 14 days from date of embarcation. No. 6. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Surgeon Dwyer, 34th Regiment. The principal medical officer will bepleased to give the neccessary directions. No. 7. Sergeant George Joett, 11th Hussars, is appointed Deputy Provost-Marshal, with pay at 4s. 9d. a-day,'viee Sergeaut Molloy, 11th Hussars, from February 23. No. 8. The following soldier is appointed a clerk in a military department :-Sergeant W. Brydone, R.A., at Is. a-day, vice Sergeant Denning, R.A., from February 26. N'o. 9. The following soldier is appointed clerk in the Brigade-MINjor's office, Brigadier-General Warren's brigade: -Lanca-Corporal James Haw, 89th Regiment, is. 6d. a-day, from March 6. - By order, C. A. WNDHAM, Chief of the StafE Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Miach 9. No. 1. During the absence .of Lieutenant-Colonel Mackensie,Assistant-Quartermaster-General.MajorRoss,Deputy Assistafit-Quartermaster-General, will act as AssistantQuartermaster-General, and Major Hawley, 89th Regiment, as Deputy Assistant-Quartermaster-General at Balaklava, with the usual pay and allowances. No. 2. A number of farriers having arrived from England for service with infantry divisions of this army, they will receive pay atthe rate of 5s. a-day uponpay-listscertified by Assistant-Qnartermaster-Generals, and finally approved by the Quartermaster-General, the amountto be drawn from C,ommissary officers of divisions; Farrier-majors w,hen appointedvwill receive nay at the rate of 7s. a-day. Nto. 3. The following appointments to the Land Transport COrPS are made until HerMajesty'spleasureisknown:T o he Lieutenants-Conets F. Boner, J. B. Rutledge, J. BSodhin, J. Malley. J. Spry, F. Faulkner, J. Laundrey, H. Macleod, 'VW. M'Intosh, W. Talbot, R. N. Brookes, W. P earce, J. H. Kean, H. Clarke. To act as QuartermasterHospital Sergeant T. Murphy, 7th Regiment; from the 7th of March, 1856. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutenant Blakiston, Royal Artillery, to the 31st of March, 1856; Second class Interpreter Giovanni Giusetti, to the 10th of April, 1856; and to Deputy-Assistant-Commissary-General Sutherland-to proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the adjutant-General. By order, C. A. 'WINDHAh, Chief of the StaffE Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March 10. No. 1. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence to Lieutenant-Colonel Cox, 56th Regiment, to M arch 14; and, on the recommendation of a medical board, to Captain the Hon. W. Talbot, 9th Regiment, to April 15. No. 2. A general court-martial will assemble in the camp of the 7th Regiment, Light Division, at 11 a.m., on Wednesday next, the 12th of Mlarch, 1856, for the trial of such grisoners as shall be brought before it. President, Colonel (xordon Drunmnond, Coldstream Guards; members, four field officers, eight captains, two subalterns-14 from Light Division; Deputy Judge-Advocate, WY. G. Remaine, Esq. -Members' names and; dates of commission to be sent to the Adjutant-General's office by 12 o'clock to-morrow. No. 3. A court of inquiry will assemble in the quarters of the officer commanding the 11th Hussars on Tuesday the 11th of Mfarch, to investigate and rePort upon such matters as may be brought before it. PresidentLieutenant-Colonel Peel, 11th Hussars. Members. Major R. Bruce, 23d Regiment; Major G. Thomson, Deputy Assistant-Adjutant-General. No. 4. The following officers, supernumerary of their rank- with the service companies, will proceed to Malta*Major Greer, 68th Regiment; Captain F. Dixon, 41st Regiment. To. 5. The following officers, supernumerary of their rank with the Ist battalion of the Coldstream Guards, will roceed to England to join the 2d battalion, to which they rave been posted. tieutenants and Captains Heneage, Blackett, Whitshed, Wi",ram, lambton. No. 6. Lieutenant J. Sealy, 9th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field and forage allowance as a captain from the 25th of January, 1856. iNo. 7. ActingAssistant.Commissary.General Blanc is appointed to the Commissariat charge of the Light'Division, superintending also the supply ofthatportion of the siege train in the vicinity of the Lighti Division.D Nyo. 8.-Commissariat Clerk Macken wvill superintend the supply of the-14th and 89th Regiments, and that portion of the siege train on the heights of Bala3dava. No. -'.-The foUlowing appointment in t.he Land Transport Corps is made until Her hajesy's pleasure is kmown:-To be quartermaster-Quartermaster-Sergeant Charles Ward, 1st Battalion Rifle Brigade. No. 11.-leave of absence is granted to Captain R. Bethune, 92d Regiment, to the 31st of March; and to Lieutenant W. Inverarity, 92d Regiment, to the 31st of March, 1856. At the recommendation of a medical board, to Lieutenant Wyse, 48th Regiment, to the 10th of May, 156. By order, C. A. WIND IAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March 11. No.1. Captain James Williams, 28th Regiment,. is appointed:aide-de-caxnp fto Major-General Smith, commanding the Osmanli Irregular Cavalry. No..2. The following will be the allowance of light for cavalry stables on the Bosphorus :-10 rations for every 100 horses, from the 1st of March, 1856. - No. 3. Leave of absence is granted, atthe recommendation .of amedicalboard, to Deputy-Assistant-Commissary-General T. Wilson-to proceed to England. On arrival he will reporthimself to the Adjutant-GeneraL .No. 4. Ei-ratum.-In General Order No. 11, of the 7th inst., for* "Sergeant G. Sandbury," read " Sergeant G. Sainsbury." By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the StafE. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March 12. No. L The Field-Marshal Commanding-rn-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, pending his retirement from the service, to Captain Adlington, 4thLight Dragoons, to the 14th of March; and, for therecovery of theirhealth, to Surgeon Moorhead,- 7th Regiment, to the 15th of. Marchr Surgeon Croker, 2d Battalion 1st Regiment, fo the 13th of April; Surgeon lr'Kinnon, 21st Rlegiment, to the 12th of April ; Assistant-Surgeon Tovev, 30th Regiment, to the 13th of April; and, on piivata ayirs,, to CaptainW. Fitzroy, 63d Regiment, to the ltli of March. No. 2. The following officers have joined the staff of this' army :-Medical Staf-First-class Staff-Surgeon Robert Templeton, from the 6th of Mch. Commissariat Staff.- Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General Theodore E. MWClintQCk, from the 4th of March; Cosnmissa~ia-Clerks F.- Ramsl&en, frons tie 4th of hiarch; Horace Shntp, Ecnry B. Pliddleonii, Arthur L. Halliburton, and William Rog-r Snow, from the 9th of M1arch. No. 3. Dr. Templeton will take medical superintendence of the troops stationed on the heights around Balaklav*. No. 4. De-puty Inspector-General of' Hospitals, Macdonell, having rejoined the staff of this army on7 the 1st inst., will resume the medical superintendence of the Cavalry Division. No. 5. The following officers being in command of corapanies may draw field allowance and forage as captains:Lse.tenaut.s Skopuick, from the 19th' of November, 18055; Lieutenant Biiesener, from the 7th of November, 1855 and Lieutenianxt Schellhorn. from the 6th of January, 1856 -alt of the 1st Light Infantry British German Legion. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of a medicsi board, to Surgeon Dwvyer, 34th Regiment, to proceed to Eugland; on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General. Until Ihis retirement from the service, to Lieutenant Hatfield, 10th Hussars. No. 7. Sergeant-Major E. Teale, 2d Battalion 1st Regiment, will act as Adjutant of the Battalion, and may draw field allowance accordingly from this date. No. S. The following soldiers are appointed clerks in military departments :-Sergeant William Dust, R.A, at ls. a-day, vice Sergeant1Y. Brew, R.A., from, the 7th of March. Brigade-office, 2d Brigade, 3d Division.-Sergeant Edmuntd Gil. 4lth Begiment, ls. 6d. a-day, from the 27th .of February. Brigade-0ice, Briti'sh German Legion.-_ Private A. Braii, 1st Jager Corps, ls. 6d. a-day, fromn the 19kb of NZovember. No. 9. The following soldier is appointed telegraphist in the Submarine Telegraph Department:-GunnerandDriver C. Lawrence, IB. A., ls. a-day, from the 11th of February. By order, C. A. WINDEHA., Chief of the Stafi -. lead-quarteis, Sebastopol, Mfarcih 13. No. 1. The Conlihiander of the Forces publishes, for general information, a copy of a letter from the Secretary of State for War signifying the Queen's pleasurre that the Crimean medal shall be granted, except in certain special cases, to those troops only who were present iii the Crimea on or before the 9th of September, 18553: " War Department, Feb. 22, 1856. My L?rd,-I have the honour to convey to Vou -the Queen's pleasure, that the Crimean medal shall not be given to Fthee troops landing in he Crimea after the nth of September, 1c, the day on wehich Sebastopol fell, unless they shall have been engaged afterithat date in some exaedition or operation agaiist the enemy, which service shall he duly certified. " I have, kc., Ptf MIorE " Field-Marshal, the Viscount Hardinge, G.C.B." Further instructions respecting the issue of medalsuand clasps, commseisorative of service in the field, having been received from proper authority, itis notified that a medal, with ctisps, for each action in which the wearer may have been engaged has been granted to all officers, non-cohmmissioned offcers, andssoldlers of the regular forces; to officers of the comnnissariat staff; of the medical staff, including acting.assistant-surgeons and purveyors; to officers of the. field train department, and to interpreters who maybe certified to have been in action by order. A medal, without clasps, has been granted to officers of the branches of the service nut specified above, and to persons attached to various departments wvhose names shall have been returned and approved in the usual manner. No. 2. The undermentioned officer has ioined the staff of the British German Legion from the 28th of February 1856:-Dr. Freund, Deputy-Inspector-General of Hospitals. No. 3. Colonel Wetherall, Acting-Director-General of the Land Transport Corps, will proceed to England on special duty by the earliest opportunity. No. 4. Colonel Ferryman, 89th Regiment, will command the 1st brigade of the-Hlighland D vision. No.5. Acting Staff- Asistant-Surgeon Hatchell will proceed to Scutari for duty at that station. No. 6. The appointment of Lieutenant Patrickson, 20th Reg'nent, to do duty -with the Land Transport Corps, is cancelled at his own request. No. 7. The undermentioned medical officers, having been in charge of battalions of the Land Transport Corps, nay draw field allowance and forage as Surgeons:- Acting Asistant-Snrgeons.-Joseph Read, 3d Battalion; T. W. Shiell, 4th Battalion; G. Baly, 6th Battalion; B. Dew, 7th Battalion; from the Istof Febrnary, 1856; J. B. Cockburn, 8th Battalion; Arthur Salter, loth Battalion; fromthe 1st of March, 1856. No. S. Soldiers attached to the land Transport Corps will receive their annual clothing from theirregiments. No. 9. Leave of absence is granted to Major Nicholson, Royal Engineers, to March 31, 1856; Lieutenant Vivian, 14th Regiment, to April 5, 1S56; Cornet Richardson, 4th Dragoons, to April o0, 1856. and, at the recommendation of a medical board, held at lalta., to First-class StaffSurgeon Talfer, to March 31,1856-to remain at Malta. £rruturnaL-Th General Order No. 8, of March 10, 1856, for *' 9th RKegment" read ' 39th Regiment." By order, C. A. WQVIDH^AM, Chief of the Satff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, March 14. No. 1. At a general court-martial held at the camp before Sebastopol, on the 12th day of March, 1856, in pur- suance of an order of General SirWilliam Codrington,E.C.B., Conmmanding the Forces, dated the 1lthdayof March, 1856-No. 944, Private John MCudden, 7th Reagiment. _; Stod uapon +ib follow%Z chaagos -" For -isD been drunk, in camp, before Sebastopol, on or about the 2d of March, 1856, this being the fifth tume of his havini been drunk within 12 calendar months, and thereby constituting the crime of habitual dran'k-enness." Of which charge the Court found theprisoner " Guilty." The Court having found the prisoner guilty of the charge preferred against him, which being in breach of the Articles of War, and taking into consideration his general good character, do now sentence him, the prisoner, No. 944, Private John lPCucdden, 7th Regiment, to stoppage of ld. a-day of his pay for six months, and to be deprived of the gratuity and medal awarded for former good conduct. No. 2. The regimental promotions and appointments published by authority in the London Gdzette of the 26th of Febrnary. 1856, will take effect in this army from their respective dates. Brevet.-Brigadier-General Baron R. von Stntterheim, to have the temporary rank of Major-General while commanding the British German Legion; Captain G. J. de Winton, 99th Regiment, to have the tempolary rank of Major while attached to the British Swiss Legion. No. 3. Assistant-Snrgeon Trotter, Coldstream Guards, will proceed to England to join the 2d battalion, to whicb he has been posted. No. 4. The folowing officers, being in command of companies, may draw field alowance and forage as captains:- ieutenant Vernor, 8Sth Regiment, from Nov. 1,1855Lieutenants Robertson and Burke, 88th Regiment, from Feb. 1,' 1856. No. 5. Lieutenant Bell, 18th Regiment, will proceed to Malta. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted to Major Smith and Captain Perrin, 90th Regiment, to the 25th of March; Lieutenant Bradley, 14th Regiment, to the 31st of March. On medical certificate to Captain J. Gould, 63d Itegiment, tothe 15th of April-to proceed to Scutari; Acting Assistant-Surgeon H. Edwards, to the 31st of March-to go to the Castle Hospital; Paymaster Dixon, 1st Dragoons, to the 31st of March-to remain in the Crimea. No. 7. The following officers having left chargers at the unblic service, forage may be drawn for them :-Lieutenanttlonel Mauleverer, C.B., 30th Regiment, for one charger; First-class Staff-Surgeon, Foaker, for two chargers. By order. C. A. VINTDAA, Chief of the Staff.
NA YAL AND MILITABY INMTELLIENOE. The gunboat flotilla weighed from Portland Roads yesterday morning, about 4 o'clock, and left in divisions for Spithead. The Colossus, 81, led the White and Red squadrons, comprisinOr- The whole force anchored at the Motherbank by sunset last night, and will remain and be augmented considerably fortheinspection of Her Majesty as before announced. The fleet now collected at Spithead, in Portsmouth harbour, and at the Mlotherbank-, exceeds by far that of the whole Baltic fleet of 1S54, and by the 16th there ate expected as many ships as would equaL if not exceed, the force of both the Blank Sea and Baltic fleets of the year before named. The Centaur, 6, paddle-frigate, Captain W. J. Clifford, C.B., is ordered to hold herself in readiness to sail from Spithead. The Devastation, 6, paddle-steamsloop, Commander. Marshall,and the Coquette, 4, steam-ganboat, went outof Portsmouth harbour to Spithead, to await further orders. The foermer shipped a mail for the Cape of Good Hope on Thursday eveninf and only awaits despatches from the Government. The Transit naval steam-transport, Commander C. R. Johnson, bent sails at Portsmouth yesterday, and with the PWrsevcrance steam-transport, Commander M'Donald, remains under erders, preparing for sea. ' The Brave, new giunboat, was taken out of dock yesterday afternoon, and the Brazen and Blazer talken in to bo fitted. Her Majesty' ,paddlewheel'steam-sloop Styx, CommanderM. Bu. Bruce, fromit Hongkong, which landed mails at Falmouth on Thursday, was going up Channel yesterday afternoon, when she was signalled by Port Admiral Sir William Parlocr, aud entered-Plymouth Sound. Her dates areStraits of Sunds, December 23; Cape of Good Hope, Feb. rnary 10; St. Helena, February 21; Ascension, February -29; and Madeira, February 20. She has brought home 80 Russian prisoners, part of the crew of the frigate Diana; nnd the shp's company of Her lfMajestys brig Rapid, S. I'he screw steam-sloop IRattler, homeward, bound], passed the St-sits of Sunda on the 23d of December.,All was quiet at the Cape of Good Hope. In Simon's Bay w3re the frigate Castor, 3G; the paddlewheel steam-sloop Hydra, 6, Commander H. G. Morris; tho sloop Frolic, 16, Commander 3L S. Nollotb; and the sloop Grecian, 12, Commander G. Bland. At Ascension, Commodore Adams, ifi the paddlewheel steam-sloop Salamander, 6. The Styx has been four years and nine months in commission. She expenrenced fine weather until reaching Ushante. The Surprise gun-vessel has arrived at Chatham dockyard, for the purpose of being brought forward for sea with all possible despatch. She has been commis5ioned by Com. mander Harcourt Vernon, and will have a crew of 80 men, exclusive of marines. The Assurance gunboat, Commander W. Gore Johnson, is ordered to be taken to Chatham, to be made ready for sea. The Sparrowbhawk, Commander Gurney Cresswell, in dock at Chatham, has a large number of hands employed on board, in order to complete-her for sea by the commencement of the ensuing month. A very considerable reduction is ordered to be made in the number of men employed at Chatham dockyard, and an order has been received from the Admiralty by the heads of departments at that establishment that 100 jlabourers, 20 sawyers, a number of riggers, and also the wAhole of the superannuated shipwrights temporarily employed, are to be discharged this day, their services being no loiger required. , t is understood that another reduction will shortly be made at that establshment. - Mechanics employed on the'London, 90, CaptainW. . Jeryis, at Devonport, are ordered to work extra hours to complete her fitting by the 9th of ApriL . The crew of the Calcutta, 84, Captain James J. Stopford, at Devonport, got up loweryards and topmasts;on Thursday. The screw steam transport Victoria, No. 72, from Portsmouth, arrived in Plymouth Sound yesterday morning. She is appointed to embark Land Transport Corps for the Crimea, but will not leave before the 1st of April. Her Majesty's steamer Geyser arrived in the Mersey yesterday morning, with stores and masts for the gunboatg recently built by Mr. JohnL Laird. She will leave in a few days with the gunboats Rainbow and BulfLnch, to be followed speedily by Her Majesty's steamer Hecla, with the Redbreast and Raven. The gunboats Leveret and Mackerel were yesterday andocked at Woolwich, and the despatch gunboat Roebuck replaced them in dock. The Traveller was also taken into INo. 1 dock to be coppered. 2xtraordinary diligence continues to perradethe docLyard labours at Woolwich. As a proof of the expedition with which the various departments are conducted, it may be stated that the average time employed in rigging and -masting a gunboat rarely exceeds an hour an& a-half. A Govermnent contract has been entered-iilto by Messrs. Lucas Brothers for the erection of a newv cannon foundry and boring mill, on the site between the two foundries already in progress in the Arsenal grounds -at Woolwich. The design of the buildings having been produced by the newly appointed Government building engineer, Mr. Murray, and approved by Lord Panmure, the space has been cleared, and the commencement of diggiiigthe foundation lines will take place on MIonday next. The fagadc of the foundry is to be built of various coloured -bricks. The architecture will besomewhat inamodern Elizabethan style, formed by au innovation upon the stone cornice system of building by a substitution of colouredbricks. The extreme length of the frontage, which is to be flanked by two wings running north and south, willbe 3O feet. Iii addition to the abovenamed works, Messrs. Luicas are engaged inraising someotherveryextensivebuildings atWoolwicli, all of -which are in a progressive state. The paper factory is nearly complete. Portions of the machinery to be employed there are daily arriving from the firm of Messrs. Fairbairn, of Leeds. Macintosh's patent engine for the ireparation of tlhe pulp bags used in the manufacture of cartridges has been likewise received. The shell foundry and laboratory sawmills are also proceeding rapidly towards completion. The whole line of wharfage fronting the storehouses is being reneweed and considerably strengthened with immense blocks of stone shipped from the Portland quarries, and which by means of the numerous cranes along the quay are landed with small amount of labour to the requisite spots. A number of supernumerary labourers, under 100, who were hired for some specific purpose and whose engagements have terminated, are to be discharged from the Storekeeper's department in Wnaolwih Arsenal on Monday. This has led to the belief that a large number of hands was to be dismissed in the event of peace. Such, however, is not to be the case. Instructions have been forwarded to Woolwich from the War-office, intimating that it will be necessary to keep up the number of laboureis at present employed there, as the duties of the arsenal. departments will in any case be increased. An official circular has beenissuedfromthelTorseGuarde, dated March 26, stating that until further orders no recruit is to be received for the infantry below the height of 5 feet 5 inches. The magnificent silver centre, for the mess. table of the -officers of the 2d Life Guards, given by the late Marquis of Londonderry, but not completed in the ifetime of his lordship, has been presented by the executors. The plate is of triaugular form, each angle of the base occupied by military figures-an officer, a trooper, and a trumpeter. The centre is composed of a column enriched with flags, -ettle-drums, helmets, swords, trumpets, and other military trophies, and bearing in relief the charge of the Guards at Waterloo. the names of their battles, and the inscription, which is as follows - "A Memento of Affection from Charles VWlliam Vane Marquis of Londonderzy, MG., G.C.B., &c., Colonel of the 2d Life- Guards, To the Regiment. Intended to have been presented June, 1354. "Death makes no conquest of this conqueror; F "Eor now he lives in fame, though not in life." The whule is surmounted by a figure of Britannia. The weight of the silver is 560 ounces, and the value 500L Captain the Earl of Listowel, Scots Fusileer Guars, is about to retire from the regiment. Eis lordship entered the service in May, 1853, as ensign and lieutenant in the above regiment. He embarked for service -with his battalion in 1-54, ws present at the battle of the Alma, where he was severely wounded, which compelled his return to England. He had, however, sufficiently recovered by the latter part of last winter to allow of his return to the Crimea, from which date he served upon the staff of Major-General Windham till his return to England, which was on the death of his father, the late Earl of 1istoweL The dep6t of the 91st Regiment assembled on the parade ground at Chatham barracks, on Thursday afternoon, a further supply of medals having been forwarded from the Horse Guards for distribution among those -men who were engaged in the Caffre war. The depVt having been formed into a square, Lieutenant-Colonel B. B. .L Gordon, the commanding officer, proceeded to distribute the medals to about 160 non-commissioned officers and men who were engaged in the campaign inSouthern Africa. A number of medals were also forwarded yesterday to those non-commiasioned officers and men belonging to the -91st who ara absent from the depot on recruiting service. Another supply of Cafire medalsis expectedfromtheWar-office, to be distributed among the men of the 9st, which regiment took ,art in nearly every engagement which occurred with the CaaDes. !I1JLTIA.. The Somerset Militia and the Fermanagh MlEitia, in addition to the South Myo and the Cumberland, as also the City of Dablin Artillery, with the 15th Regiment, are held in readiness to proceed to the Curragh camp- by the 10th of April, on which date all officers and men are supposed to be present with their corps.
COURT CIrICULAR. Wfl=DSOR, 3L4ACH 28. The dinner party yesterday included His Mlajesty the King of the Belgians, her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, the Belgian Mlinister, x1 Van de Weyer,Lady lFanny HSoward, Lady Carolne Barrington, Baroness de Sneth, Sir George Couper, Colonel de 3loerkerke, Captain PDSSO, and. Dr. Rieken. c The band of the 2d Life Guards played during dinner. Her Majesty's private band afterwards performed in the Castle. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Royal and Princess Alice, rode out on horseback this morning, attendec by the Hon. Eleanor Stanley, Major-General Buclaey, anc Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Captain Dane had an interview with Mr. Secretary Labou. chere yesterday at the Colonial-oflice. Despatches from the Governor of Permuda were received yesterday at the Colon,ial-office. Despatches were sent last evening from the Colonial. office to the Governors of the North American provinces.
PtISONS In ScoTm SS@.-The 17ti Rejorl of the General Board of Directors of Prisons in Scotland is published in the shape of a blue-book, of 100 pages. It appears that in 1855 the total number of prisoners admitted into the " General Prison," amounted to 568, of whoin 33 were male, and 234 female. This makes a total number of 1,134 confined in the course of the year. 323 male prisoners were liberated by expiration of senteince, and 254 were removed to England. At the close of the year 543 prisoners remained onband in thei General Prison, of whom. 303 w-eie male, and 240 female. The report is very meagre with regard to points of general interest. One curious feature is the difficulty experienced in obta ining the servicesofE persons wling to mnflict the degrading punishmernt of whbipping our juvelez male offenders, owing to the inadequacy of tho iemuneratjon for the duty; and it has been found necessary to authorize the Sheriffs to grant smnall annual salaries (froin2?.to 51.',t induce officers to undertake the revolting task.,
AMERICA. EA> summ.ry of the following, received by reetric Telegraep appeared in our Second Edition of yesterday 1- ] LIVEP00L, FRIDAY. The United States' mail steamship Baltic, Comstock commander, arrived this morning, with ad- ices fronm New York to tne 15th inst., $273,661 in apecie on freight, and 67 passengers. The Royal mail steamship Arabia, hence, arrived at Boston on the 14th. The Baltic pased the screw steamship Edinburgb, from Glasgow, nine miles from New York. The Kansas Free State Legislature was organized at Topeka on the 4th inst. The Governor, in his message, counselled entire obedience to the Federal authority. The Legislature was subsequently removed to Lawrence. Everything was quiet at the Jst accounts, but an outbreak was anticipated at any moment. Rifles and cannon, intended for the Free State men, had been captured at Lexingtom. Governor Shannon was on his way to Lawrence. It was supposed that he would direct the 3tArshal to arrest the members of the Legislature and State officers for treason. Messrs. Spofford and Tilesion, of New York, have commenced runuing a line of steamers from New York to Gibraltar, Malta, and Trieste. Bulkheads are to be added to all the steamers of the Collins line. The New Yorlc Shipping List says " We alluded last week to the fact that an American ship x now on the way here from a direct Russian port, notwitatandlain the anosed effectual blockade of the Baltic Eea by the allies, We now learn That the vessel in question ig from Cronstadt, is nealy dule, and that two more are now on their way from thesame port. What their cargoes consist of we are not informed, bet it is certain that they brnag Rassian goods." The absconding city treasurer of New Orleans, Mr. Garland, had been-Arested on board of a clipper ahip. He had $600 in his possession. The vessel, 'which had been placed under arrest, was supposed to have $60,000 on board. The captain of her had been arraigned for having aided and assisted inthe escape. Twenty-eight thousand bales of cotton had been destroyed by fire in the lower cotton press at New Orleans. The advices received by the steamship Northern Light from Califormia are to the 20th ult. She had am. freight $272,583 of gold dust. A shock of earthquake was felt at San Francisco &ad throughout the State on the 15th ult. The reverberation appeared to be from N.E. to S.W., and it is said that not a single building escaped the Ahock. The first movement of the earth was very sudden; the buildings swayed to and fro kLevily afterwards, and finally the reverberations were short and rapid. It is reported to have been the most violent shock known in San Francisco mince its settlement by the Americans. Much indignation had been felt at the appointment of a professional gambler as MIarshal of the northern district. It was supposed the President }ld been imposed upon, and strong petitions for his removal had been numerously signed. The markets had slightly improved, and the mines were yielding largely. The subject of railway communication was exciting a good deal of attention. The defences of the San Francisco harbour were rapidly being completed, and additional Works were about being commenced on Angel Island and Lime Point, opposite the fort now building. The points surveyed by the United States' engineers were the fort on Port Point, to mount 154 guns; Lime Point, 80 guns; Black Point, 30 guns; two batteries on Angel Island, 40 guns; Alcatraz 3land, 5O :gun, mking in thi A.ggrin 354 guns, with a calibre ranging from 321b. to 1201b., or columbiads, but very few under 641b. The following are the only additional -particulars published in reference to the earthquake at Jeddo: " On the 11th of Nsovember, at 10 o'clock p,m., a violent earthquake occurred at Jeddo, which destroyed 100,000 dwellings, 51 temples, and 3D,OOD inhabitants. Fire broke out at the same time in 30 different parts of the city. The earth opened and closed over thousands of buildings with their occapants. The shock was severe at Simoda. Although the distance from Jeddo to Simoda is but 60 miles, it appears that no official account of the earthquake had been received at the latter place at the time of the sailing of the schooner Page (December 10). The news was obtained through the Dutch interpreter. The Japanese seemed to attach but little importance to the catastrophe. The inhabitants of the portion of the city destroyed -were forewarned of the disaster, and many of them escaped. The buildings of Jeddo are chiefly of one story, and constructed of very 3i3htmaterial. The temples of worship,however, are lofty, aad in some instances are constracted of heavy masonry." The advices from Nicaragua report the seizure by General Walker of all the boats of the Nicaragua Transit Company, the annulling of their charter, and the granting of a new' charter to another company. The New York Courier and Enuitirer, referring to Walker's chances in Nicaragua, says:- "We learn byperfectly trnstworthy private intelligence, received through a mercantile house in this city, that a combined movement is about to be made by the Governments of Guatemala, San Salvador, and Costa Rica, for the purpose of expelling Walkerand his American followers by force from Nicaragua. Guatemala has already raised 3,000 maen for that purpose, and they are now in marching order. San Savador has engagea to raise 2,000 and Costa Rica 1,500. It is also stated, by the same reliable authority, that great hostility exists towards Walker among the native population of Nicaragua, andthat a general popular rising aginst him is inevitable, so soon as active support is rendered by the neighbouring States. These facts, in connexion with the opposition of the American and English Governments, greatly increased, as it must be, by the recent deonostrations of Walk-er against the Nicaragua Transit Comnpany, whose interests are protected by the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, make it very improbable that the Rivas-Walker Government can preserve itself much longer. To all appearance this Filibustering drama has now been played nearly to the end." Costa Rica had refused to receive the Nicaraguan 3Envoy. Colonel Kinney had published a letter maIintaining his right to the territory from which the Government of Nicaragua had banished him, The correspondent of the Neto York Herald, 'writing from Belize, Honduras, on the Zth ult., states that the xeading of the Message of President Piecee to Congress caused a good deal of exeitement anda very large amount of political specuLati*o0 in the colony. England, instead of at all abating her claims or receding from her position in the Bay Islands and MIosquito protectorate, was quietly strengthening her foothold on the territory. The legislative session had commenced. The terri- tory was -officially represented as in a thriving condition, but in reality the mass of the people were wretchedly off for want of general employment. It was proposed to tax rum and sugar. Cochineal and indigo were scarce and firm inthe market. Our advices from Havannah are to the 8th inst. There is no news. The British war steamer Buzzard left on the 5th, and the Powerful was to leave in a few days, on a cruise to the westward. At Toronto, Canada, the Ministry bad got over their defeat, and beaten the Opposition on a motion to rescind the resolutions of inquiry into Judge Duval's charge on St. Sylvester's murdertrial. COAMMRCIAL. The New York money-market continued well supplied with capital, and an active business was being done at previous rates. The stock market was de- rew3ed. Sterling exchange was finn at 9s to 9i. cotton a further decline of Igc. had taken place. The market for flour was dull, and declining. In other articles there was no particular change. Freights remained firm. LORD Dru.ousan.-We are glad, says the ScotsPi"t, to be enabled to quote, for the information of oiur readers, the following extract from a letter received in dnbur,h from Dr. Leckie, the tuedical attendant of Lord DalLousie's successor, Lord Canning, dated " Madras, Febrm.ry 15.-Lord Dalhousie. lain glad to say, is improving in health. Though still feeble in body. Dr. Grant is not alarmed about his patient w, sno that I hope the voyage to X*i1hd will set"h, LorM.1jip up completely."
TURKEY. (& portion of the following appeamed in our xeoood eil&iton of yesterday:-] I (RoM oUR OWN CORRZMPODZNT.1 CONSTANTINOPLE, 31&nm 17. Yesterday morning General Vivian arrived hero from Kertch on his way to England. 'e intends proceeding this afternoon by the French packet Gange to Marseilles. He is accompanied by Dr. M'Pherson, the principal medical officer of the Contingent, who has come down on a tour of inspection of the medical departments of the different corps under his jurisdiction, and with the view of establishing a medical staff for the Polish legion. General Vivian is still suffering. He had some weeks ago a determination of blood to the head, and has not quite recovered from its consequences, which induced his medical advisers to recommend him change of air. The armistice affords an opportunity for it, and he can absent himself for a short time without any detriment to the difficult problem which he has undertaken to solve. All accounts agree that he has already succeeded in his task, and that he leaves the Turkish Contingent in as efficient a state as any body of troops can be. If one remembers the obstacles he had to encounter in and out of the Contingent, the result of his labours must be as satisfactory to himself as it is to his country. It could only be brought about by a, man thoroughly convinced of the possibility of his undertaking, and not easily deterred by difficulties. Wherever he looked, in the beginning he found doubts, intrigues, and ill-will, which threatened to destroy thelContingent before it was formed. Those who had to direct its formation were uncertain; the Turkish Government was opposed to it, and the Turkish commanders intrigued against it. Even greater were the difficulties in the Contingent itself. The officers sent from England to second General Vivian had been hastily chosen and without discrimination; so that before even the Contingent was formed its officers, on whose moral influence over the troops everything depended, had acquired a most unenviable reputation. The troops themselves, fanaticized by their native officers, were unwilling, and disposed to desertion and worse. It was under such auspices that General Vivian began his work. His Indian experience in the cormmand of native troops could be but of little use to him, for the circumstances were entirely different. In Iudia the English name and English influence are already recognized; with the Turkish troops given for the Contingent they had to be established. En India the basis exists, but herethe foundation had tobe laid. It is scarcely 10 monthssince the first detachment of Turkish troops were put under General Vivian's orders, and he commands now a well disciplined and organized army of nigh 20,000 men. The most objectionable officers have been by degrees removed, and the remainder brought under control; the soldiers have been gained by a judicious energy; they begin to be conscious of the difference which exists between starvation, rags, and long arrears on one hand, and plentiful food, good clothes, and regular pay on: the other. They no longer think that they have been sold to the English, and are now as willing and obedient as Turkish soldiers always are, if one knows how to treat them. Of great importance in this respect was it that General Vivian insisted on the officers learning the language of those whom they had to command; and this rule has been so well maintained that, with very few exceptions, the officers, as well as the medical men, can now dispense with interpreters, and that thu wiolo uxmy atSekrtbh numbers not half a dozen of them in its Tanks. With the confidence of the men in their officers, that of the latter in the soldiers likewise increased, and the officers begin to perceive what excellent material they have in their hands. When the rumours of a Russian attack I began to spread, towards the end of last year, both were anxious that it should take place, so convinced were they of the harmony which reigned between them. Their state of health is very satisfactory. During the time when the ice prevented the approach of vessels to the shore, and the troops were obliged to feed on salt provisions, scurvy began to show itself; but now that the communication is open, and cattle can be brought from the coast of Circassia, and sheep and vegetables from Constantinople, scurvy is fast disappearing. Nobody seemed to have formed an idea of the severity of the winter in Kertch and the Sea of Azoff. Many of the officers had come up without sufficient clothing, and would have suffered from this want of forethought, had not Miss Nightingale, in spite df the numerous claims on her acftvity, found time to think likewise of the Turkish Contingent, and sent up warm clothing. Although not aetively engaged with the armies, the Contingent passed the winter by no means in idleness. In an exposed position, separated from the main body of the Crimean army, and deprived during the greatest part of the winter of the cooperation of the fleet of gunboats, they had to rely on their own strength and exertions to keep the enemy at bay; and nothing speaks, perhaps, better for thejstate in which the defences of Xertch are than the circumstance that the Russians never even attempted to make a demonstration, much less an attack on the place. What with the work at the fortifications and the precautions required against the severity of the winter, such as the erection of huts and stables, there was not much idle time left. This regular work and the drilling besides contributed not a little to the introduction of discipline, which, according to the accounts of all officers, is such, that they entertain no apprehension about the efficiency of this force in the field, and whether, in case of war, the Contingentbe called onto co-operate withtherest of thealliedarmies, or whether itbesent as a detached corps to Asia, they are confident that it will stand compariwon with any other force in the pay of the British Government. As regards the expenses, it will be without any comparison the cheapest force for which the British nation pays. It is true that the British officers employed in it receive considerably higher pay than officers of the same rank in the regular British army or any of the Foreign Legions; but there are only three such officers to each regiment, and the pay of the soldier-20 piasters a-month-is scarcely more than one-tenth of what the other troops in Englsh pay receive. Besides this the Turkish soldiers are more fit than perhaps any other troops in the world for a warfare in a barbarous country, where they have to bear thehardships of the cimate,and where, 'with the utmost zeal and the best-organisze commissariat in the world, it is often impossible to procure regular supplies. The Turkish soldier requires neither wine nor spirits, and will keep up for weeks-nay, months, in excellent condition without tasting meat, bread, or biscuit; rice or peas and beans, now and then a little tobacco and coffee, Wil satisfy him in case of necessity, and he will feel it no great hardship to mike forced marches on that scanty fare, of which, moreover, he is able tocarrya good stock himself. But, even if peace be made, and the active ser- vices of the Contingent be not required, tjiis lattcr may be turned to great advantage for Turkey herEelf. The experience of this war has proVed, if any proof had been required, that the whole Iorganization of the Turkish army is radically w±ong, and that, with the best material for an army, perhap, that any, country can boast of, Turkey has only soldiers, but no anny. All the successes won. by it on thea Danube were obtained in spite of the defective system and the incapacity of the commanders; while Kar shiowed what the energy eveu of one man can make of the Turkish soldier. The entire reform of the army istherefore as much required as that of any other institution in Turkey. The Contingent may become the nueleuis of such a reformed army,-a school for officers as well as men, but especialy the former, which is most required. Supposing that peace be concluded, it will be impossible for the allies to withdraw their armies immediately from Turkey, lest the conditions should be eluded and they have to begin again anew where they left off. Under these circumstances, the keep. ing up the Contingent would be' the cheapest and at the same time least objectionable form w'hi-h could be devised for an army of occupation. tIp to the present the rank of major is the highest which Turks can hold in the Contingent; by degrees those who show themselves fit for higher charges would be intrusted with the command of regiments and brigades, and thus a little army be formed with a discipline and an esprit de carps which would infallibly react on the rest of the army. In this way the measure which the Turks feared would break up their army would be made, by a judicious application, into the means of reorganizing the Turkisharmy. Thereare only two waysto arrive at this result-viz.,byforming such a model army gradually or else by a national dean in active warfare. AR the war offered no opportunity for this latter, or rather, i as no advantage has been taken of this opporhtity, one ought to think of the other way for which the Contingent could be used. If immediately after peace is declared the Contingent is disbanded, everything will again return to the old routine, and all the improvements made in the men as well as the native officers of the Contingent lead to no practical results for the Turkish arny. The past week has been conspicuous from the arrival of notabilities. Besides General Vivian, General Smith has arrived from England, and is proceeding to-day or to-morrow to Shumla to resume the command of the Bashi-Bazouks. General della TMarmora also passed through: he arrived on Thursday and left again on Friday. Count Zamoyski has likewise come, and held a review of the lst battalion of the Polish Legion at Scutari. Of Omar Pasha's arrival from Trebizonde I informed you in my last letter. The law for the enfranchisement of the Gipsies, or Zingari, in WaUachia, has been published. As all the serfs belonging to the State domains and to the monasteries had been emancipated previously, this law has only reference to those who are stiUl the property of private individuals; they are in all 18,621 families, and the conditions of their enfranchisement are similar to those fixed some time ago for Moldavia. The proprietors will receive 10 ducats per head. This indemnity is to be paid in cash up to the sum of 500 ducats, beginning from the proprietors who possess from one to five families of Zingari, and so progressively. The proprietors who have a right to more than 500 ducats will receive bonds on the State of 200 ducats each, bringing in five per cent. a-year, payable from July, 1857. The capital itself will be repaid by means of a lottery, in which the number of bonds to be redeemed will be drawn by lot according to the funds which the caisse of indemnity will be able to dispose of. The serfs enfranchised by the present law will have to pay the taxes like other subjects, and the taxes -will be united with the funds assigned by the previous law of 1847, which enfranchised the serfs of the State domains, for the abolition of serfdom. Thus the contributions of all Gipsies, with the exception of three piasties per head for communal expenses, will be applied to this purpose. The fund thus created will be kept distinct under the administration of the Metropolitan and five members named from among the notabilities of the country. The names of those proprietors who may enfranchise their serfs rithout indemnity will be inscribed in letters of gold in a special register, of which four copies will be made, one to be kept by the Metropolitan, and the three others by the three Bishops of Wallachia. - The two French steamers, the Christophe Colomb and the Montezuma, which took on board the Russian prisoners belonging to the French, went up the Bosphorus on Friday last. They are going to be exchanged at Odessa. Among the number is General Kokonovitch, taken at Kinburn. As the French have no general officers-to redeem, the proportion has been, I hear, fixed that a general officer is equivalent to two field or four subaltern officers, or else 40 privates. On Friday last the Mussulmans celebrated the festival of Kandil-Guedjesi (night of candles), which precedes the Ramadaeiby 50 days. All the public buildings were illuminated the night before, and the next day the usual visits of etiquette took place among the functionaries. This festival has, caused a short respite in politics. For the last few days we have been visited by equinoctial gales, which almost impeded the communication with Scutari, except by steamers. The improvement in the French hospitals is still continuing. Evidently the siclness must have reached its climax, and for the last few days a regular decrease shows itself, which excites hopes for the better. MAR(w 18. The mail for England has been delayed on account of the non-arrival of the mail from the Crimea. This latter must be detained by the bad weather; while I am writing it is still blowing a gale from the north-east. The Severn, which left this the day before yesterday, had to put back. The gale was so violent that this powerful steamer could not make way against it. Miss Nightingale, who was on board, has again disembarked. Yesterday afternoon at 4 o'clock a salute of 101 guns from the French men of war in port announced to the town the news of the birth of an heir to the throne of France. ARl the vessels were decorated with flags, and the general order of the day ordered a distribution of wine to the French troops. Today, at noon, 21 guns were fired from Galata-Serai and Scutari, as a tribute to these signs of rejoicing. Last night a lire broke out at the Porte, and consumed several of the apartments, including the room where the sittings of the Council of State are held.
ARMAMENVT OF THE AMBICA.N NAV Y. TO THE EDrTOR OF T TIDMES. Sir,-In The Times of this day (March 27) notice is taken of the A&merican squadron in the Mediterranean ;and I observed that one of their ships bad excited the admiration of foreigners by its cleanliness, sailing qualities, and also for its very heavy armament. She carries, besides other guns, 22 87-pounders. Our Government would perhaps do wel to take the hint, and let our vessls be armed in a smilar manner. During the last American war we were generally beaten by weight of metal, ratner than from want of nettle. I am. Sir. yours obedientlv. AN ENGLISHMA.
T0O THE EDITOB OF THE "TABLE TALK"Vl OF TOE LATE MR. SAMCUEL BOGERS. (Adverzement.1 Sir,-Witlh another member of my family, I was In the seriooe of the late Mr. Payne Knight at the peiod of his deceas (Apri29, 181U, and I beg mu0ot unequivocally to oontradict the Satemtent of the late Mr. Samuel lRogers, that Mr. Payne Knight committed iuicide by prumoc aoid. No su¢h saspicmoo exised at the tume, no sah trames were fosund in his room, and no coronrs lnquee was hold oiibiabody. 5e.pect for the merLory of the late Mr. Payne Knight, n interos in the surviving members of his family (to one of the neare4t of whom I tranait tlis statemenit), induces me to take the liberty of addrseing roe, and of entreating you to give publicity to the fact that his death wax caused by apoplexy, aocording to the predictions And the rerts of his medical attendants. I remain. Sir. Your obedient sernut. JO11 JACISON. Boyr Oak llotol, l4ominster. Herefonlbire.
I } FOREIGNT 1NT-ELIaNOaE. AUSTRIA. I (FRw elm 0 O OZSPOmNDxNr.) (A portion of the following appeared in our aecond odition I of yederday:-] VIENA, MiACH 23. My more recent correspondence has contained some little authentic information relative to the proposed reorganization of the Danubian Principalities, and a letter which has been received by the Oesteicische Zeitung from 1Bucharest throws further light on a subject which is of greater importance than people are generally inclined to believe. It is confessedly the object of the allied Powers to loosen, if not entirely to sever, the ties which have so long connected Moldavia and WaUchia with Russia, but it seems as if the Constantinople diplomatists had resolved to frustrate tho plans of their respective Governments. I shaUl now give a summary of the varous resolutions adopted by the committee which was some time since formed at Constantinople for regulating the affairs of Moldavia and Wallachia, and you will not fail to observe that some of them are in direct opposition to the various treaties concluded between the Porte and the Principalities and to the Hatti S&heriff which was published by Sultan Mabmoud in 1834. The report of the Constantinople committee was .- "1 L As aU1 the Torco-Russian treaties have been rendered nul and void by the present war, the organic statutes of Moldavia and Wallachia* which are based on those treaties, must be considered suppressed. " 2. Provincial committees Will be smmoned to Constantinople, and it will be their duty to draw up, under the superintendence of the Porte, new organic statutes for the two Principalities. " 3. When the term fixed by the treaty of Balta-Liman has expired the present Hospodars will have to quit office. "4. The Porte, during the interregnum, vdll appoint Kaimakans, who will, as long as they remain in office, have Turkish commissaries attached to them. "5. After the method of the election of the new Princes has been determined and a Senate constituted, the latter shall propose three candidates, chosen from the more distinguished families, and one of them will be nominated Prince by the Porte. " 6. The Princes of Moldavia and Wallachia, who shaU be chosen for life, can only be deposed if convicted of high treason. " 7. The Princes have to appoint the chiefs of the diffe rent branches of the Admiinistration, and every one, except. ing foreigners, shall be eligible to Government offices. "8. The Porte wvll confim the ancient privileges of the Principalities, and under no pretence and in no mamner meddle in the internal affairs of the same. " 9. Both Princes to be at liberty to send representatives of their own choice to the Porte. "10. The civil list to be fixed. "IL No Power to exercise any exclusive protectorate. "212. After the new Princes have taken the reins of government into their hands, and the new lawws have come into operation, the number of troops necessary for the defence of the frontiers shall be decided on; the number, having been once fixed, cannot be changed without the consent of the Porte. " 13. There shall be no fortresses on the left bank of the Danube, and the quarantines shaU not be kept up. "14.The amount of tribute to be definitively fixed. "15. Foreigners will be allowed to acquire landed property, but they will have to pay the same taxes as the other landed proprietors. " 16. The inhabitants-of the Principalities will, without any exception, have to pay the lana-tax. "1?-. As the Principalities form an integral part of the Ottoman empire, all the measures taken in Turkey for the public welfare willbe valid in the Principalities." + We are told that the foregoing resolutions made a very unfavourable impression in Wallachia, as Prince Stirbey, " at thle general desire of the people,". had prevously proposed to the Porte and the alied Powers :-1. The union of Moldavia and Wallachia. 2. The Hospodariate to be hereditary. 3. Abolition of all and every protectorate, and instead of it the guarantee of the great Powers. 4. The MoldoWallachian territory to be declared neutral ground. IPrince Ghika, the Hospodar of 3Ioldavia, does not object to the project of the Constantinople commnittee. It is also rumoured that the Porte is to have the right to occupy the frontiers of MIoldavia in case of war, but the report requires confirmation. The Fremden. Blatt learns that credible persons, residing in the western part of the Russian province of Bessarabia, have informed their Bucharest friends that not only the peasants, but also the landed proprietors, are overjoyed at the idea of escaping from the heavy yoke of Russia. The Hospodar Stirbey, who is resolved, if possible, to form for himself a numerous and influential party in Wallachia, has nominated many new Boyards and raised others in rank. The number of persons thus favoured is 182. Yesterday evening the news of the prohibition in Paris of aUl business in the shares of the Austrian Credit Bank reached this city, and a most depressing effect it has produced on the speculators d la limusse, as they foresee that a vast number of shares will speedily find their way back from France, and also from Germany, to this country. Those persons, however, who have invested their capital in Credit Bank Shares, because they expect to get good interest for their money, are by no means likely to be disappointed in their expectations. Less noise is made about the Theiss Railroad than about any other projected line, but still it is that in which the Austrian nobles, and many of the first German firms, are most inclined to invest their capitaL Five or six of the Archdukes, among whom is the Governor of Hungary, are concerned to a very considerable amount, and you will be the less surprised to hear that such is the case when you learn that the same company will be permitted to continue the railroad from Arad to Iermnannstadt and Eronstadt. The Saxons in Transylvania will have a share in the undertaldng, but the concession which they have demanded will not be granted to them by the Minister, who has resolved as far as possible to avoid bringing new companies into the field. The plan of the Austrian Government is to induce the Moldaviaus to undertake to continue the railroad from Kronstadt to Galatz, and to obtain the promise of theWallachian Divantoform arailwayfrom Kronstadt to Bucharest. If theplan should be realized,the Principalities will obtain their manufactured goods from Austria and Germany, and send a great part of their raw produce into the Austrian provinces for sale. Little is known of Trausylvania by foreigners, but experienced geologists assure me that no country in Europe, excepting England and Belgium, is so rich in minerals, and more particularly in iron and coaL I The typhus has ceased to be epidemic, but the Viennese are now suffering from induensa, which is often a seriousillness in this unhealthy city. The genoral hospital, of which mention was made yesterday, has room for 2,000 patients. There are 10 wards or divisions, and 10 " chnics" (as they are technically caUed), with 30 physicians and surgeons in chief, numerous assistants, and 200 nurses and porters. RUSSIAL (FROM OUR OWN CORmSPONDENeT.) BEBLIN, MARCH 26. The latest news that has reached us here from Russia, and which has been already printed in your 'columis, is the intelligence that all Imperial lukase ordains that thle post of Governor-General in the governments of Tschernigoff, Pultawa, Charkoff Vitebsk, Mohileff, Smolenask, and Minuk is to be done away with. The explanation of this measure is as follows :-There are in Russia, in addition to the two Stadtholders in Poland and the Caucasus, three War Governors-General-viz., in St. Petersburg, in Moscow, and in Cronstadt. Next after them in rank and power come ten Governors-General, who are always appointed over provinces not origiVlly Russian, but vhich have been incorporatedinto the Russian empire by conquest or otherwise, and contain a population of other than genuine Russian deIcent. As soon as tle process of assimilation,-that is to say, of Rissiaaii7ing, is considered to be complete, or.sufficiently advanced to admit of these territories fonuiug part of the general system of administration, the crovernors-Geieral are removed, and the goverlnelt falls into tho hands of Civil Governors, whEo stainil in direct rotatiosi to the :Ministry of hlne Interior in St. Petersburg. Ttis is hat h:is just taken place with the An anal :. of iltu A,c-m(nnts alluded to wa forwatd& a few days .hic el. I This artklu is iii co'z.r.~1iction to A.xticle 8. above seven governents, ana is an eviJ dence that the present Emperor has not the slightest intention of fulfilling the plans put forward by his uncle Alexander at the Congress of Vienna, who proposed to unite these provinces, or a portion of them- which formerly belonged to the ancient kingdom of Poland, to those which constituto the Poland of the present day, and to form the whole into a separate kingdom, with a distinct nationality and administration. The post of Prince Gortschak-off as Stadtholder of Poland is only provisional, let whatmay be said to the contrary, and he is destined only to prepare the way for a Viceroy in the person of the Grand Duke Nicholas. On many occasions his elder brother, the Grand Duke Constantine, has been spoken of as destined by the Emperor for this high function, but this is perfectly incorrect. The Grand Duke Constantine is heart and soul devoted to the nautical interests of Russia, and has as little fitness as inclination for the post of Governor of a kingdom. It may be assumed as a certainty that neither he nor the Emperor has any idea of his undertakingr the office. It is confidently assertedby those conversant in the matter that with the death of Prince Paskiewitsch the last remnant of the system which obtained under the Emperor Nicholas for the Government of Poland has been carried to the grave. Advices from the Prusso-Polish frontier mention the excitement caused there by the approach of another coercive levy of recruits about to take place in Poland. Secret as the Government always endeavours to keep the imnmnence of the mneasure, the persons immediately interested generally contrive to get 'wind of it, and the noighbouring Prussian territory is the asylum which the unfortunate conscripts generally take refuge in. The liability to be caught by the Prussian officials and delivered up to the tender mercies of the Russian military commission in virtue of the existing cartel is just now greatly increased by the arrangements in full force for shutting out the murrain-viz., by a military cordon cutting off communication of all sorts with the places where the'cattle are infected. The misery which is reigniug in the Polish districts on the Prussian frontier is fearfiuly enhanced by this approaching braulka, and in addition to this more than one village has of late fallen a prey to accidental fires. Now that Prince Paskiewitsch is dead voices begin to make 'themselves' heard in his dispraise, asserting that, however much Poland may have been indebted to him, more particularly in the earlier years of his office there, his activityhad greatly diminished of late years, and that since the commencement of his last illness all sorts of abuses had crept into the Administration--careleasness, venality, and corruption of every sort. Of Prince Gortschakoff it is said that he is indefatigable in the cure of these evils; it would seem as 1i his late experience of war had given him an additional relish for the occupations of peace, and that he is turning to excellent account the knowledge he had alresdy gained of the interior state of the kingdom of Poland. The Oesterreidhische Zeifungreported lately from Warsaw that Prince Gortschakoff had just returned thither from a visit of inspection of the fortress of Iwanogorod, and that it was supposed, judging from his restless activity, that with the commencement of the spring he would enter upon a general tour of inspection throughout the kingdom. It is understood that the representations of the Prince with reference to the necessity of an improved system of arnnng the troops have been listened to favourably in the highest quarters, and that one result of the warwil be that great reformswill be introduced into the Russian army. The conmmissariat of the WVestern and' Central armies have advertised for tenders for the transport of 35,000 chetwerts of flour from the) fortress of Brese-Zitewslk to Warsaw; in all probability this amount of superfluous provisions is to be sold in Warsaw, seeing that the various fortresses and magazines in Pola;nd are fully provided with grain. That the Russian element has as yet made no very great progress in the population of Poland is inferred from the fact that among the 13,603 deaths that took place in.,Warsaw. last year there were only 130-or 1 per cent., of persons professing membership with the Greek Church. On the 22d Prince Gortachakof, the Russian Mlinister at Vienna, left Warsaw on his road to St. Petersburg. The Russian Minister at Stuttgard. Eerr Von Titoff, has since arrived here (Berlin), also on his way thither. They are both of them said to be summnoned to the Russian capital for the purpose of taldngpart in a council of diplomatists to be held there. Baron Von Budberg,thePRusian M- nister here, has juist left on avisit to Nen-StreLts; he is spoken of as the most probable successor of Prince Gortschakoff in Vienna. The cultivation of the mulberry tree, the breeding of silk-worms, and the production of silk are making great progress just now in Poland. It is more especially women, children, and infirm persons who take to this branch of agriculture as an occupation. A company which has been formed there for the purpose, with a licenlse from the Government, not only buys and sells silk, silkworms, and mulberr trees, but also primts and distributes instructions for their cultivation. Some letters from St. Petersburg speak of " deliberative discussions" which are to be held in that capital immediately after the conclusion of a peace, with reference to the commercial relations of Russia to other countries, more particularly the neighbouring countries. A number of plans and suggestions,which have for along time past been under the consideration of the Government, are to be submitted to these meetings, which, as it would appear, will consist of offlcials of the Government and persons technically versed in the subject of manufactures. It is understood that the latest impulse to this step has been communicated to the Russian Government by various suggestions from Paris, and that when this. so to speak, professional committee has finished its sittings, it is the Emperor's intention to introduce a thorough reform into all matters connected with trade and Customs. The postal department has notified that by the Emnperor's command no newspapers will in future be forwarded by the post under cover of any sort. Persons in Russia desirouls of taking in new'spapers must subscribe for them at the various post stations. Those who only want single copies now and then will thus have to go without them, or subscribe in advance for a quarter or half a year. The Russian Post-office manages to conduct its business on a more easy ostyle to itself than mlost other public institutions; it happens frequently that after having subscribed in advance for papers from St. Petersburg and received them there then comes a demand from the office for an additional payment, for someill-explained reason or other, which sounds very like a cock-and-bull story. Compliance is necessary, or the further supply is cut of. A St. Petersburg letter of the 18th says - " The Emperor Alexander is about to make an excursion into Finland to inspect the works which defend the costs, and to visit the interior of that province. All the military commanderson the coasts of the Baltic, the Gulf of Finland, the Gulf of Bothnia and the 'Vhite Sea, have received orders, in consequence of the re-establishment of the blockcade, to carry out their instrctions for the defence of the ports and coasts, as on previous occasions."
HaR FZLDER'S 12EPLY T9O TH.E RIA . EPORT. : . E TO THE EDITOR OP TEE TIMES. Sir,-The questions at issue between thburimn mimioners and the officers inculpated by their engage at present so nuch of the public attention, hope the following observations on the statements co in Mr. Filder's letter, which has just been puV Parliamentary paper, may not be unacceptable. From these statements it would %ppear that d winter, while the froops were saffering Athose pri which were so eloquently ind so painfully desSibed b "Special Corresponden.`" £there were large supplies of kinds in the Commissariat btores; but Mr. Filder; assipod. any sufficient reasonU why these wero not app a more extensive scale to the use of the *my. peas, pearl barley, and preserved potatoe; the abundanre or riee in store at Balaldava. at a when the troops were in great distress for w it. The Quartermaster-General was -then La under the belief that this privation 7-;arose I there being "no xnee in the Conmnissariat" 1S3 of the evidenee), and. Dr. wal also states that tl of it had been discontinued, "perhapsfor-wani of sup (Page 159 of! appendixJ Thus the two heads of d ments, -within whose province it came to urge the i this important-article of diet, werein ignorance of being any in store, and 3r. Filder seems to have co it no part of his duty to enlighten them or that point it be doubted that he ought, at such a timae, to have b specially to the notice either of the General- comm the army, or of these subordinates, that he6 had an supply of the vegetaMble diet best calculated.to a progress of dyselterY and scurvy among the-men, an he should have made an offer, if he could not-carry uP to substitute, as the commissioners point .st, the whnich was so much needed, for an equal weight of t meat which the men were dailythrowing iway they could not use it 9 ) The public now learns, from the pen of Mr. :Filder self, that many other supplies essential to the health men during that dreadful winter, might have Seen ob with the utmost ease. Though during the greatest ings of the troops no porter was distributed,-hundr thousands of gallons might have been had if only asied All the difficulty about green coffee would have v had the military authorities but expressed a preferen tea. Even fresh bread, which, during the long pe seven months, had never been provided evenfor the had only tobe mentioned as s medical comfort, andi diately it would have been issued. It is imp6ssible to -what other luuaries may not have been treasured up for men, and which doubtless would, have been forthco bad not the extreme modesty of the requisitions prey them beigg called from the vasty deep of the Co stores. But the question naturally arises, was there nothing quired-nothing expected-from the Cerberus ivho ga these treasures, but to wait till they were aske~d for by sons who apparently had no means of knowiungthey we existence? The practice of submnitting, even to Lord Eagl a statement of what was available in store, does not ap} to have been adoptea till the winter was far advanc By whom, then, could measures be suggested for turning the best accountthe contents of the Commissariat stoj except by LM. Filder himself Surely, wlhen week af week he saw hundreds of gallant soldiers sinking into. untimely grave for want of such supplies, he should ha made some suggestion-given some hint-to the milita medical officers that his stores were better filled than ti supposed. In a matter of such vital importance he seriously mean to shelter himself under the plea that was no business of his-that "he had no knowledge e particular articles of diet which are best saited to troops," and could therefore make no suggestion as i best mode, with his limited means of transport, of to account the superfluities of his stores. - - But, for the reduced state of his transport who w blame but Mr. Filder? What possible difficulty there have been in providing adequate conveyance for supplies, when he had about 2,000 horses ea their heads off at Varna and Constantinople, and horse transports lying idle in the harbour of B lava, from the month of November. The distance Balaklava to the opposite shores of the Black Sea is 280 miles (or less than from London to Newcastle) w14 with ordinary winds, should not have ocoupied a va more than 10 days going and returning. If the harb of Balakava presented difficulties, as it did at parti seasons, the horses might have been landed at Eazatch, a driven to the camp; and as to the alleged difficultv feeding them, -no one accustomed to such details need told that, in addition to 200 or 300 horses, eac- vessel cO easily have brought as much barley and loose straw 6f could not be procurea pressed) as would havefe th animals for a month after their arrival, by-which fresh supplies might have been obtained from the sa source. There was no necessity to have wasted time in intricate channel of the Bosphorus; tbe horses and supplies necessary for them could have been taklen o board at Bayukdere or any of the ports near the entran of the Blaok Sea, where they would have been clear of obstacles in a fewr hours. Till it be shown that measures such as these were impr ticable, the less Mr. Filder says about want of transport better. The military authorities -were incessantly u him to increase his transport (appendix, page 63 to 71), a until he can prove that he used all the means in his pOe to do so, and failed, upon him must rest the responsibili of the consequences which arose from the breakdown that important branch of his department. Mr. Filderes claim to foresight in having provided a sup; of fuel for the troops is far from being borne out by th evidence in the SPNeill-Tulloch report, for it appears fro the correspondence on this subject at pages 76-to 80 of th appenLdix, and from Colonel Gordon's evidence (pages 173 t 175) that, but for Lord Raglan having purchased, on own responsibility, about l,000,OOOlb. of charcoal and se it to Balaklava, the army might have been left in a gr measure to chance for an article so necessary to its ex ence. Even with this supply it was impossible to malke l issues to the necessary extent, and Wr. Eilder according in a letter dated the 5th of December, 1854 (see appen page 77), recommnended that the fuel should be ussparingly. IUpon this representation Lord Raglan restrict the issues to the corps in front, but so few of these wvere a to send for it that the total quantity issued in December not exceed four days' supply for the arzmy, as shown by returns in the Crimean Report (appendix, page 13). On the subject of fresh meat, it is -very difficult to reco cile Ir. Flder's various statements, for he informs that "the question of expense was never taken into co sideration; what was deemed best for the troops was p chased withontreBardto cost;" forgetful, apparently,that the preceding page he had assigned the risk of losing o third of the cattle nsa sufficient reason for not emplo sailing vessels to bring them-to Baltlava, though that wol have insured an abundant supply of fresh meat at an a ditional cost of perhaps Id. to 2d. per lb. The risk of aix such loss exhausting, as suggested by lfr. Filder, ther sources of a country which has since supplied ten times 1 quantity of cattle osiginaly required for our army, appea too puerile -to deserve notice. Perhaps the most serious omission recorded in tho Mee TullochReport is the non-issue of the 2D,0001b. of li juice. That it wvas in -the Commissariat stores about eig weeksbeforeanyofitwas issued isnot denied. MrT. Filderma be right in his statemnent that DRr. Hall was apprised ofi arival; but, if so, it appears singular that the latter shoulhave continued to borrow from the navy the quantity re quired, for the hospitals. The omison was a most disgrace ful one, and ought to be clearly traced to the! resPonsib party. Should Dr. Hall prove the culprit, I trust he will ln able to assign somne better reason for his neglect than tha suggested for him by MIr. F?ilder-that bec.ause the 20,0001 were perhaps insufficient for more -than 10 days' consum tion of the whole ary, it was right to retain it in stor although the army -was rotting for -want of it, till a mo abundant supply should be on hand. Did it not occur t Mr. Filder that what he had mnight have been given a prophylactic to -the divisions which wvere sufferin most, leaving the others, which wvere but slig,htly affecte to depend on the espected additional supp]ies. Of theinfluence the commissioner may have exercise in increasing the supplies and comforts of the troops I ha; no doubt we shall have a good account when the Court Inquiryccommences its labours; but, in themicantime, must appear singular, even to Mr. Filder himsilf, that t the arrival of these gentlemen nothing was heard of th necessity of bread for the troops, nor of the porter ana that only required to be ask-ed for. %Vh at magical fluence uinlocked the Commissariat doors and set all th imprisoned stores free, from the date of the arri Of the cmissioners ; or how camo it thait -the sup of fresh moat was immediately doubled, -and tha too, from a country which Mr. Filder had pre-ioU supposed to be exhausted? This sudden chan surely affords a reasonable presumption of a gen pressure from som e quarter having been exercised on Commrrissary-General. It is by no meansamy wish to e onerate the Military and Medical Staff for their supinen in-not making strict inquiries into the state of Mr. lilde supplies and turning them to better account, but it is v. for him to suppose that the incelpation of tho Staff relieve himi from responsibility in the matter. Th officers have quite enough to answer fas regards the O issue of the greater part of the lothing suppi - or sion even of a less excusable character than tha;t ofth Comunisgariat stores, and attended with equally fatl or,s quonces: i sball hereafter, with your permission, 2efer to somne the other point-s noticed in Mr. Filder'sletter;- but, in th meanttimiie, lie may res awssured that had he only shown tl saIUO iuventiv geni us in providinig forthe wants of th armuy that lie has dtune in findintg excuses for their not beo proporly fed, tho public anid ho would have had equa good reason for con&r;atulation on tho result of his labours. *I ronmaii, &e., 'TOUUlu5T Ok I Londou, 1aroM.V.
dIE,TOPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS. at 12 o'clock, the 3tetropolitan Board of mrmeeting intheCouncil-chaniber, Gaildhall, saction of business, Mr. Thwaites, the chair- r t represented a total general balance. in. e -0Board of 192,5071. -s. lid., of which _9s. . deqosited with the Bank of London, as to the Boifd, and 147,4671. 9s. ld, with the ngind,-in cash'and :Exchequer-bills. tP:L presented a memorial from the inhabiCIaphim, complaining of the present state of the sever, in that district, which they characterized _cunisce. M=STEE OBSTRUCTION. ommendation in a report of the Committee on derthe Building Act to refuse the application of torerect a building over the forecourt of the 22, White Conduit-street, Pentonville, underwent ble discussion, involving, as. it did, the important hetherthe owners of property in the metropolis permitted, asheretofore, to erect shops and other at then-pleasure in the gardens and courts in front ouses, and so to narrow the public streets and ob- ght and airto the dwellinghouses behind such this pernicious practice received during the lmodt general condemnation; and the Board determinationto discountenance it for the future utgrant the application of 3Mr. Ford by a large BD3'ASCIL P.ECOUMEmDATI ONS, rt from the committee of finance was brought up containing recommendations, among others, to .g effect:-"That the salaries of the officers under the late Mfetronolitan Comrissioners of ndrtap,pointe-dhy this Board, and also those of the rsnerIy employed in the Metropolitan Buildiwdnow employed in the service of this Board, be wihole period between the 1st of January and of I arch; that the sums specified in the shtte- mitted to the committee, amountinin the whole L8s. Zd., anddue to contractors and otherperLd; that new contracts for the stationery and requiredby the Board be entered into; that the and rpnintsng be the subject of distinct cond that such contracts be entered into for oneyear; stationers be invited to send in tenders for the stationery to the Board; that U printers be in. tender for the printing of the Board; that the acf thehoard be kept under the three distinct heads and drainage works, metropolis improvement intercepting drainage works." omanendation of the committee that 11 printers be otender for the printing of the Board gave rise to ion. It was first resolved by the Board that the increasedfrom U to 15. IFrA?iGEEthen moved that the printing be thrown blic competition. tion was seconded by Mr. LEsLsx, who contended Board would be grossly neglecting its duty to the rs if they did not allow the printing to be made the competition among the trade at large, without on. (Hear, hear.) rrfasked if the committee meant to say that re only 15 men in London capable of doing the business of the Board. (Hear, hear.) He vensay that if they attempted to carry out that re- ation of the committee it would go forth ublic as one of the greatest jobs they could .(EHear, hear.) The committee appeared to have a printer a-piece, and the Board, on the recomn of certain of its members, had that day added of four others to the list. He had no special man on the list, but he had the whole of the printers of to add to it. Why should they, or any part of them, ded from fair competition? (Hear, hear.) He begged ardto be cautious how they sanctioned such a redationw which, he repeated, would be regarded* by ic in the light of a job. Toar, the chairman of the committee, denied that mttee had been actuated by any spirit of faiR limiting the number of printers to 11 as those be invited to compete for the printing; and he d that in doing so they weTe only desirous to have nt number of resnectable printers to insure a fair o- and that, had they opened the competition to at {argo,some of the best firms in it wrould have de-. compete; and the result would have been that *ould have got its printing done in an inferior (Hear, hear.) s said the course recommended by the comprecisely that which had been long acted upon principal booksellers in London, to their entire on inasmuch as it enabled them to have their no by resptable men in a satisfactory manner. sct under\went some further discussion from Mr. n .Doulton, ard -Mr. Bidgood, and the motion 'Iffanger was put and lost by a majority of six. motion by the same gentleman, to increase the ef printers amongwhom the competition was tobe fzom 15 to 25, was *]so negatived, as wvas likewise a on, proposed by Mr. Miin and seconded by Mr. er, for throvwig open the supply of stationery to ml to public conspehtton. hole of the recommendations of the committeewere ed, subject to the alteration made in that relating to flEPUTATIONS TO THE BOARD. OLTOX~ moved, as an addition to the by-laws, every deputation forward to the chairman of the insufficent time for insertion in the business paper, t of the subject on which it was proposed to ade Bord; that such abstract be printed and circu- ong the members with the business paper for the precedig that at which the deputation required ceived, and that no deputationx be heard unless the ould have agreed thereto by a specific resolution.", orted this proposition on the grounds that questions raised before the Board by deputations 'with which had no power to deal; that the time of the Board ously diverted from the consideration of its own iness by the preeent manner of receiving deputa. dthat the evil ws an inreasing one. eputyEARsor agreed 'with the spirit of Mr. moton, but moved an amendment which he would carry out his views in a less objectionable the effect that notice be given to the clerk of the f all petitions or memorials intended to be prethe Board at least three clear days before their on, that the subject of them be entered upon the paper of the day, and that no memorialist be al- o=adress the Board. cession ensued, in which Messrs. D'Iffanger, Ware, y,andTurner stronglyimpressed upon the Board ocy and inustice of dedlinin"to listen to their ents when they came before tlhem as deputations, nmgthem to the mere dumb-showr of presenting: mamorial-. On the suggestion of Mjr. Leslie,'bet ton and amendment wvere eventually referred to the tee on by-laws THI MMT D BsRAUAGt SCHEME. CrAiRmA.-i- said he would take that opportunity of that he hope at their nest meeting the engineer of wsould be prepared to lay before them hi plan ringout the main drainage of the metropolis on the side of the Thames; and that in three wveeks he reduce his Vlan for effecting a similar work on the ide-of the rzyer. (C2heers.) CLAIMS FOR COMPENSATION. e motion of Mr. Csiar, it was resolved- at it be an instruction to the Committee on Claims mnpensation that in every case of compensation for by ofiicers of boards which had had jurisdiction *then one parish or district to give informuation of plication to each vestry and district board to which isdiction extended." STBEET TIMPROT ET IN- SOUTIIWARK. WooLuycu, the clerk to the Board, read a letter, e 13th of March, from Sir B. Hall, the Chief Comer of Works, acknowledging the receipt of his letter 8th inst., requesting by direction of a committee of tropoEtan1oard of Works information asto certain rovidedby Parliament for effecting improvements in rk and acquainting him (Mr. Woolrych) in reply the passing of the act 16 Victoria, cap. 18, the ts of 30,01. and 30,000. respectively directed to be statenXr. l3er by the acts 4th cap. 12, ad1t and 14tlh Victoria, cap. together with interest as provided by those were advanced to the Department of Public and Buildings from the Consolidated Fund; that rey with the interest which had since accrued, vw s in the purchase of Exchequer-bills to the amount which would be shortly increased by a further interest of about 2,0001. The object, Sir Benadded, for 'which this fund was raised appeared by ta ef Parliament abovementioned to be the makdng a DsUS lne of street between Southwark and West-bridge throu h Stamford-street and the York-road, 'ch azready means of communication between the us of the Brighton and Sent zailroads at London- and the wholeof the west end of theometropolis be provided. No authority, however, was given to men of Public Works to enter upon the under. and they were only to apply the money under the r ty of some act or acts to ae for that purpose seven vears from the act 16th of Victoria, 8 ( 9thl o Ma-y,1853), and, in case the moneyshouldnot a plied wthin that period, then it was provided that [d dorepaid to the Consolidated Fund. Corsox moved, pursuant to notice, at it be an instruction to the Committee of Works he fistpublicimprovementsit shall consider be for rmation of a line of street from the High-street in towarlds Waterloo-road, especially conside ring ere asum of 80,0004. already provided in aid of ated the ftormation of a street in the direction ind by his motion was no- a conception of yesterday, but ecessisy for it had been pressing upon the attention of a bitnts of Southwark for nearly 20 years, and was -ing every day. (Hear.) So far backas 1840 plans had sumlitted to the Government for improving the line fie through Southwarkto the w estend of the town, a several occasions since that time men of great emihad produced other plan, for carrying out the probutit. had lain dormant for want of the necessary jjo meet so large an outlay money as was on- at d. 2 Yow, however, a considerable sum of money vailablo for this express work, and he had noow some of seing it earried into execution. He urged upon carld to set about the undertaldng at once, insmuch had that day heard from Sir B. Halls letter that if ecution of it was delayed until 1860 the whole sum of . and upwards nowr avilable for carrying it into effect revert to the Consolidated Fund. (Hear.) He had no t plan to submit to the committee; but, in the event Board agrteeing to Iis motion, he hoped to bc able to before them the plans which had been submitted to lverament, and which had received their approval in 'intances. He com mended the m otnto the B oard raow imrsistible merits, and ac not interfering in te, et deree with any grand scheme for the improve. which the Board mnight at any time -be called on to enter. ttaim (Hear, hear.) 'The motion was seconded by Mr. E&rRsj, and supported by Mr. x. TAYLOR and Mr. CORRmIE. Mr. CARP3AsEr, -suggested an amendment to the effect that the memorial from Southwark respecting street im. provements, together 'with a report of the Finauce Com. mittee reLating thereto, be referred to the Committee on Works arnd Improvements. MIr. Collison consented to withdraw his motion in favour ofEthe amendment, and, after a few ords from Messrs. oyson, Bidgood, Leslie, andawkes,'the amendment was agreed to.- !A¶rING OF THE METROPOLIS. Mr. SExumr gave notice that at the next meeting of the Board he should move " That, in order to make provision for the proper carrying into effect the 144th clause of the Metropolismocal Management Act,it be referred to theFinance Committee to prepare and lay before this Board an estimate of the several sums which it will be necessary yearly to assess upon each parish or district in this metropolis, in order to realize a stated income of 100,0001. -per annum, to be applied to the purposes described in the said 144th clause; and also an estimate of the rate which will be required to raise such sum, supposing that the whole metro. polis be rated in one and the same proportion." (Hear.) SFTREE1 NOH CLATURK. - Mr. D'IyFrAGER gave notice that on an early day he should move, " That, in order to ascertain how far it may be desirable to carry out that portion of the Metropolis Local Mnagement Act which empowers the Board ' here more than one street in the metropoiis is called by the same name to alter thename of any and all such streets except one,' a letter be addressed to all the vestries and district boards, requesting them to furnish the Board with an alphabetical list of all their streets; and that the consideration of this subject be referred to the committee appointed to confer -with vestries and district boards." The Board then, after the transaction of some routine business, adjourned. i
I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TZilfES. Sir,-Your witty correspondent " Habitans in sicco," as well as our excellent friend Mr. Punch, appears to be misinformed as to the nature and extent of my despotism. If these gentlemen will refer to the Metropolis Management Act they will see that in the matter in question I have about as much power as his Grace of Canterbury or the Right- Hon. the Speaker. "H abitans in sicco@ will fnd shortly that the rates he is so manfully preparing to resist are levied under the paternal rule of the Westrcinster District Board of Works, and not under the despotism of your I obedient servamt, J. THWATES. I Xetropoli-n Eoark of Worlks, 1, Greek-street, Soho, Mfarch 28.
I STEAM OMMUfNICATIOLY WITH AUSTRAJrA. TO THE EDITOfOF THE TIMES. Sir,-The appearance of an article in She Times of the 12th inst.,. on steam comYnunication with Australia across the Iudian Ocean, by way of Diego Garcia, in the Chagos group, induces me to beg the favour of a corner for a few remarks on- this interesting topic, especially as it will give me an opportunity of calling attention to an official objection made against a nearly sfimilar plan 10 years ago. In 1846 I drew up a paper, in vrhich my obect was to point out tWo advantageous main routes across the Indian Ocean in connexion with the overland route to Aden,the firsttoAnstralia and its dependencies; thesecondtothe Mauritius and the Cape of Good Hope. For the first and most impoitantroute, that to Australia, I proposed to use the Indix and China line asfarasPoint de Gale (Ceylon), and thence to cross the Indian Ocean by way of tho Keelings, or Cocos Islands, on to Swan River, King George's Sound (West Australia), Adelaide (South Australia), Melbourne and Sydney-the distancesfrom place to pace, starting from Aden, being 2,115, 1,475, 1,590, 335 ,020,480, and 570 miles, or a total of 7,585 nautical miles This gave, at seven miles an hour-the modest estimate then allowed-45 days, exclusive of stoppages, between Aden and Sydney. But at thepresent allowance of 10 miles an hour the time would be about 32 days to Sydney, or 29 to Mel bourne-that is 44 days from London to Melbourne. The most troublesome part of this line is that where it crosses the Indian Ocean, which it will be observed I proposed to get over by way of Keelings Islands. But though it may be the most convenient if Ceylon and Swan River are included in the line, it is certainly not so direct as the new route now proposed rid Diego Garcia, in a similar coral group to the Keelings, further to the westward. The comparative lengths of these two routes, as far as Melbourne, are 7,015 against 6,567 miles, or 29 days against 27 daysthe Diego Garcia route being not only more direct but touching at fewer places. transmitted ccpies of my plan to Dr. (now Sir John) Bowring, and Sir G. Larpent, both members of a committee on this subject, and another to the Colonial Secretary, Mr. Gladstone, who was pleased to refer it for the consideration of the Board of Admiralty, where it was reported on, along with other plans, by the hydrographer, Sir P. Beaufort. He decided against the Keeling's route, because it would lie in the teeth of prevailiag winds. On this ground chiefly, and also in order to give Sidney, the old metropolis of Australia, priority of intelligence, the eastern route, by Singapore and Torres Strait, was recommended instead. This is the Ist of my present letter; for it is clear that the objection thus urged to my route (Admiral Beaufort's remarks are in the Parliamentary papers of 1846) must hold good against the route by Diego Garcia, since both routes for crossing the Indian Ocean are nearly identical, as far as prevailing winds are concerned. Trade,winds blowintheandianOcean fronthe eastward, as in the Atlantic, while, beyond their infiuence and along the south side of the Australian continent westerly winds would in general be met with on the return voyage. It is, in fact, the weather of the Atlantic reversed. With reference to the objection above cited, we have acquiredwithinthese 10 years so much additional experience antsteers can do in long voyages that obstaclesatfirst considered insurmountable would now be thought lightly of. As to Diego Garcia, it might be found advisable at times (I speak as a landsman), in place of steering by it right across the Indian Ocean in the face of a strong trade wind, to shift the house of call to the Mauritius, which, though less in the direct line, is more eligible for a station, and more nearly half-way than the other. This would make it 600 to 700 miles, or three days' longer run on the whole; but there might be a set-off in getting a more favourable point of wind. Again, while 1 admit that the Diego Garcia route is more direct than the Keelings, it may be worth remembering that the runs from point to point are much longer, though fewer. The longest stretch on the Keelings line is 2,15 miles, (Aden to Point de Galle), on the Diego Garcia it is 3,113 miles (Diego Garcia to King George's Sound.) Bothgroups, considered as halfway houses, are mere coral reefs. The Keelings yield plenty of fresh water, and, according to Captain Vitzroy's survey, in the Beagle, have safe anchorage in 3 to 10 fathoms at the lagoon's mouth, with no dangers on approaching it. None but seamen acquainted with the navigation of this ocean are qualified to pronounce an opinion; but perhaps both the Diego Garcia and Keelings routes might be used, one for the voyage out, the other for the return voyage. The second main route in my plan, which I wiU very briefly desrie,was from Aden, by way of lMah6 (in the SycheUles group), 3auritius, Isle of France, and Bathurst, to the Cape-a run of 4,810 miles, whiich, atiO miles an hour, could be done in2 days, or 35 days from England. Thus, with branch lines from the Mauritius to Ceylon (for India), and from the Keelings to Singapore (for China), all the British possessions in the Eastern hemisphere would be placed in immediate steam conmunicatioa with the mother country and with each other. This, of course, can be effected by the new Diego Garcia route, should that be preferred: Twelve first-class steamers and four branch steamers would suaifce to traverse fortnightly the two main lines of route andthe cross routes, and convey the Australian, New Zealand, Cape, and the Mauritius mails, with the French mail to the Isle of France, besides the cross mails to be picked up by the India and China boats. An experimental steamer would, no doubt, verify the calculations of time as closely as Mr. Wise's for the China line were borne out by the Akbar. I make no apology for troubling you with these remarks on a subject of so much importance, and which further discussion may help to bring to a satisfactory issue, but remain. Sir. Your obedient servant. JAMES A. SEARP.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to correct a statement that appeared in 17e Times of this day respecting the accident at the London Docks on Wednesday, about 2 o'clock; the particu-lars are as follows A gentleman and some ladies went to the docks, andwere met there by the brother of one of the latter ; after Niewing some of the warehouses they proceeded to the Eastern Dockoffice and called for one of the clerks. Theycromcdtho bridgo and entered No. 10 warehouse. They, as a matter of course, wished to ascend by the hydraulic lift; the flap not being large enough for all to get on at once, a portion went up fist, and the remainder a few rinnutes after. Just asthe latter arrived on the fourth floor, where the others hadbeen landed, they heard a scream and saw two of the ladies fall. They were looking down the opening where the lift *sses up and dowfn, when one of the foremen was descending from the 3fifth door, not knowing that they were below i the edge of the flap stuck their beads against the ral that is put rorund the opening in the floor to prevent persons from falling dowvn; their teeth were driven into the rail about half an inch. The sister of the gentleman that met them when they entered the dock was kiUed on the spot. The back of her head and her face were smashedin (she was not decapitated). The doctor stated that the blow on the back of the head caused death; the head was dreadfully mangled. The sister of the gentleman who brought them to the dock received a scalp wound, and vas conveyed to the lIondon Hospital in a cab by her mother. I do not know whetherany of her bones are broken. Inquiry was nade at the hopital this morning, and she is going on welL The one that was kiled was taken in a shell to the undertaker's, to await the inquest that was held yesterday, at about 2 o'clock, and I believe a verdict of "Accidental Death" was returned. The statement that was made respectingher brother attempting to throw himself from the top of the warehouse to the bottomis entirely without foundation. He certainly walked about in a rather excited manner, but gave no evidence of such apiece of insanity. I hope that I have not trespassed upon your times but I felt convinced that you preferred a trathful account to a distorted and incorrect one. -- A CIpC IN TPT1F T nlNo)N r qz) c - .bmtexn J.oek -London Docks. Mnrch 28. TIM E&STMXY r a V: s.-Letters from Amsterdam state that a inkular spectacle now presents itself, which has5 not been seen for~ the last half century-theZuyderzee. xin con eqbenc of thse long continuance of northerly and easerly winds, is almost dry. lBetween Genemi3nden.- Blockzil, LEmner, Kainpen, and Harderwyk, the bed of 1he sea may ce crcaaed dry~footed. and steamboats and aCer ypseels are eve where high n Ii iads. co
COUar of BAFK1EUPTCY, Basing72j-gtrce, Mc¢rcA 28. TV RR .TOTV W"TT (Beforc Ar. Commiuoner EvANs.) The bankrpt was a draper of Northampton. Not now Eurrendering to pass his examination, the customary pro. clamation of outlawry was ordered. hr. Morris appeared for the assignees. IL RE J. WILSON. The banlarupt was a shipbroker of Kentish-town. This wa the certificate meeting. MIr. Chidley appeared for the bankrupt. Br. GODDARD appeared to oppose. lIis client was the next friend of the children of hMr. Patteson, of Whitehaven, deceaqed. -The bankrapt was one of their trastees, and there had been an aleged breach of trust to the amount of 1801. Mr. CHDLLY subroitted that Mr. Goddard had no IoCUJ stacndi. The debt had not been proved as required by the statute; no notice of oposition had been given, and it did not even appear that . Goddard's alleged client had any authority to appear in the case at alL HONOUn said he should hear the grounds of oppoition, and if there should appear to have been a breack of trust he should alow the opposition. Mr. CMnDLEY.-The opposition comes upon my Cient by surprise, and I am not prepared to meet it. To meet such cases the law has provided that an opposition like the present cannot be heard. His Ho0OUi.-Both sides shall be heard. Thebankrupt, on being examined, said he had returned himself a debtor to Fatteson's estate for 1001. The co-trustee was its debtor 2501. He had debited himself with this 2501., being liable for the acts of his co-trustee. This made him a debtor of 1801., whereas personally he was out of pocket 701. bythe trust. His co-trustee wasdead-hewasdrowned. His HoNouL.-How do you propose to meet this statement in respect to the drowned man: 3r. GODDARD.-Bythe further examinationof the bankthe bankrapt adhered to his statement. Mr. GODDARD said he was prepared to showvthat the bank-rupt had received much more than he had paid. The parties complaining had only imperfect notice of the bank. raupty in the newspapers. On thisground he asked for an aur. CnDmY objected to sucha course of proceeding, and Hs HoIoixn having ascertained that the description in the Gaaete was correct, he said he must refuse to go further into the case, and a certificate would be granted. Having left the court for a short time, however, his HoNouR said on his return that he should decline to adjudicate until the bankrupt had filed an account of the trust. Therevwould be an adjournment for a month accordingly, IN lBE I3ENRY KELLY. The bankrupt was a builder of Arthur-street, Mr. CmnlDnE applied on his behalf for a certificate. 3fr. BuTLE opposed, on the grounds of contracting debts while insolvent and vexatiously defending an action. I His Ho.Nour said it was a very bad case. The unvouched expenditure was 3001., being about half the amount of the jdebts, and, for anything that appeared to the contrary, the bankrupt might have the money in his pocket. The expenditure had been unwfarrantable-3001., vwhile the profits had been only 381. your. CHour.-T S exends over a period of two years, your Honour. His Hoxoun.-He began when insolvent, and the bookkeeping has been imperfect. There will be a suspension of certificate (third class) one yeaw.
IZNSOLVEBNT DEBTORS COUBT, Marck 2S The sittings of these Courts were resumed to-day after the Easter vacation. (Before the CHE CO3mSSIONER.) IN RE BENJAMIN G. TAYLOR. This insolvent, a stage carpenter at Drury-lane Theatre, was opposed in person by 3r. King, a tailor, his detaining creditor. The insolvency arose from an action for assault. The insolvent's mother had purchased some baskets of trifling value, and lost one of them, as was alleged. Mfrs. King, the wife of the opposing creditor, was subsequently seen with a basket like the one lost. She was followed by the insolvent, and it was alleged he had conimitted an assanlt. As they w.-ere passingapoce-station the insolvent explained the matter, and a constable was sent to the residence of the insolvent's mother. Subsesueatly Mr. Kiing called on the insolvent and demanded his name. An action was then brought in the Court of Queen's Bench, and the jury awarded 101. damages for the assault. Tho costs were taxed at 461, and for the damage and costs the insolvent had been taken in execution. The CRIr COfMMISSIONER was of opinion it was a case for a judgment on account of the damages awarded in the action for assault, and remanded the insolvent for five months from the vesting order. (Before M:r Comrnissioner PRinLrps.) IN- RE HENRY EINGTON. This insolvent, who had been a chymist and druggist, at Dover, was opposed by Mr. Reed for several creditors. Mr. Sargood supported. The case was before the Court on a former occasion, when the petition was dismissed, on the ground of a friendly arrest, there being no assets. The insolvent had, however, remained in prison, and filed another petition, on which he had been discharged on baiL Mr. RE1D objected to the case beingiheard. It was in the same state as when the petition was dismissed. 3Mr. SAaGOOD said "No; Pierrpoint, the detaining creditor, had not discharged the insolvent, as it would be an end to his debt." Alter some discussion the case was adjourned for the attendance of the detaining creditor. (Beor eftr. Commi*sicr MuRPiIy.) n~ :. &. sn,, OTMERWISE 3lARRY. Thius insolvent, whose casewas reported before the Easter vacation, appeared for judgment. Ee had been in the habit of rentmng manors for shootmng purposes, and made a profit from snbletting them. It was complained by several creditozs that, although totally without means, the insol. vent had. contrcted their debts without intention o payment, and one creditor, Mr. Fryer, swore to several statements made by the insolvent respecting property, which proved tobe utterly false. Mr. Commissioner M31raPH decided that the debts of the opposig creditors had been fraudulently contracted, and upon that ground ordered the insolvent to be discharged after the lapse of n calendar months from the date of the vesting order. IN RE RENTON NICHOISON. This insolvent, late proprietor of the Coalhole Tavern, in the Strand, was ordered to be discharged forthwith.
SPRING ASSIZES. WESTERN CICUIT. BODMJN. MAsRc 26. Mary Ann Thomas and E]izabeth Thorms were placed at the bar. They had been committed to gaol by the magistrates of Truro on the 21st of June, 1855, as disorderly prostitutes, for three months with hard labour, and an ad- tional 12 months for want of sureties to keep the peace. MIr. Justice CRowunu said it was an iMlegal commitment, and he should discharge them; but he warned them to conduct themselves more orderly, and to reform their habits. We have made inquiry, and we find that since July, 1845, they have been committed to gaol 25 times*- they have spent eight years in prison since 1845, and of that no less than five years for want of sureties to keep the peace. The offencesmwere disorderly conduct, breaking windows, and begging. In one instance the punishment was 14 days' umprisonment, to which was added 12 months' for want of sureties. thhen Placed at thie bar these wretched women anpeared To expect some severe sentence, and when they were told they were to be discharged their joyful looks were extraordinary. John Carns was indicted for stealing variones sms of money, in very small sums, the property of the griardians of the St. Germans Union, between the years 1852 and 1854 There were three indictments against the pfisoner. r. Poulden and er. Yon ge were conu sel for the prosecution; and Mr. Coleridge defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner wss the relieving officer of the uniton, andhbad been so for many years; and the charge was that in his books he had given himself credit for having paid money to certain paupers when he had not done so, but had appropriated the moneys to his own use. The case was shown by the books of the union and by the evidence of the paupers. The prisoner had a most excellent character given him. The jury found the prisoner GuiRy, but strongly recommended himn to mercy. M1r. Justice CnOwDER, in passing sentence, said that, although the sums taken were small, yet it was a most serious offence. I[e had reason to believe that his remuneration might be vOry inadequate for the -performance of his duties, but still that did not justify the act of the prisoner; and he must be severely punished, for an imprisonment to a man in his position must indeed be severe. The sentence was imprisonment, with hard labour, for nine months. We may state that we find the salary of the prisoner was 801. a-year, he being compelled to keep a horse to enable him to perform his duties. He had to attend to 14 narishes, and was cousequtently obliged to be almost continually from home; and 5.0001. passed through his bands in the course of a year, which he had to pay away in most minnte sulms.
OXFORD CIRCUT. MONMOUTH, MARC 27. lhe commission for the county of Monmouth was opened yesterday with the usual forms. This morning Mr. Justice Cresswell attended divine service at St. Marys, and at 12 o'clock business -commenced, Mr. Justice Cresswell presiding in the Crown Court and Mr. Baron Bramwell in the Civil Court. The cause list contains but one cause-an action for a malicious prosecution. The calendar is very light, and contains a list of only 13 prisoners, charged with offences of an ordinary description. CiviL CoURT,-(Beforc MAr. Baroan BrWAmmL wd a Common Jury.) DAVIES V. PHILLIPS. Mr. Keating, Q.C., and Mr. Gray appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Whateley, Q.C., and Mlr. Whitmore, Q.C., for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Edwin Davies, was a horse. dealerand farmer, residing in the 'arish of MIynyddyslwyn, and he sued the defendant, Joseph Phillips, also a farmer, at Penyvan, to recover damages for maliciously and withIout probable cause charging the plaintiff with felony, and causing him to be taken into custody on the charge. The defendant pleaded only the general issue. It appeared from the evidence given by the plaintiff and his witnesses that on the 3d of October, 1 , he was absent from home on business, but was recalled on that day to attend the funeral of his father, which took place on the following day, the 4th of October. When the party returned from the chapel where the funeral service bad beenperfanned they dll wert into a Quhlichouse to get shelter from the rain. They there me wth a constable named Morgan, whogot uip a4 g tX she p tiffthat be ad a warnut to apprehend him. The plaintiff said he thought the constable must be mistaken, and asked to look at the warrant. This was accordingly shown. The plaintiff then wished to be alloweed to go home to change his mourning, but this was not allowed. A woman named Plummer then came into the room, and was asked in the defendant's presence to point out the man. She pointed out a farmer named Morgan, upon wbich the defendant said, in Welsh, pointing to the plaintif£, "No; that's the man," and the woman immediately said, "Yes, that's him." The plaintiff was the same day taken in a trap to Pontypool, then to Tredegar, and next day on foot over the mountains to Blaina, where the magistrates were to meet. The defendant, however, did not appear, and at the conclusion of the business the plaintiff was discharged at 5 o'clock mn the afternoon, xt the distance of 25 miles from home. He immediately gave instructions to his attorney to bring an action against the defendant, and, accordingly, on the 5th of October the defendant was se.ved with a copy of a writ. On being served with this writ tbe} defendant told the officer to tell the d- thief to bring back the mare which he had stolen. The next day the plaintiff was attending the fair at Pontypool on business, and was again arrested on the same charge, handcuffed, and taken 11 or 12 miles to Bedwelty, where he was bailed. On the 12th the case was gone into before the magistrates at Bedwelty. Several -witnesses were examined on the part of the defendant in support of the charge, but in the result it was dismissed, without calling upon the plaintiff for his defence. The defence was that the defendant had had his horse stolen from his field on the 22d of September, and that he had been informed by a woman named Plunimer that she had seen a man the same day looking at the defendant's field. She described the man as beinza gay man, like a gentleman, well dressed, and with " crump" on his nose, meaning that he had a Roman nose. Another woman, named Davies, gave a similar description of a man whom she had seen with a black horse coming from the defendants ianm on the evening of the robbery. On the 28th the defendant searched the laintiff's Etable, and had some discussion with his mother. s suspicions were at the same time aroused byT receiing as he thought, inconsistent accounts of the plaintiff's whereabouts. lhese circumstances, andthe indentification of the plaintiff at the funeral on the 4th of October by the woman Plummer, led the defendant to the conclusion that the plaintiff was the thief, and he gave him into custody. He accounted for his absence from the magistrates' meeting on the 5th of October by the circumstance that he was not awaxe of the meeting at Blaina nntil 4 o'clock the samo afternoon, vhen it was too late. Before the trial ras concluded the action was settled by the defendant's consenting to a verdict for the plaintiff with 1001. damages. Mr. W IV cra said he was authorized by his client to state that there was no imputation whatever on the plaintffs character. Mr. Baron BRAmErLL expressed his approbaticn of the course which the defendanthad nowadopted in thusputting an end to the inquiry. C.Usn[sn COURT.-{BeJCOsc Mr. JuTXfie CBESSWELL) William Smith, aged 18, was charged with administering to Richard Toinkins a certain poison called sulphate of copper, with intent to murder him, on the 8th of February, Mr. Barrett appeared for the prosecution; M1r. Somerset defended the prsoner. It appeared in evidence that on Friday, the 8th of last month, the prosecutor left a bottle containing some cider in a cot in the rickyard of Mr. Wanlyn, of Hadnock Farm. He was absent about half an hour. When he returned he went to his bottle, and, having taken a little, he found the cider had a most disagreeable taste. He then poured out the contents, 'which were of a bluish colour, and found that as many as six lumps of bluestone came out with the liquor. The prisoner was standing by when this was done, and was challenged by the prosecutor with putting the blaestone into the cider. He denied it, and said he had no bluestone; but when the prosecutor threatened to search him he produced several pieces from his pocket. In order to show that the prisoner was the person who put the poison into the drink it was shown that about the time when it must have been done he was near the cot, andhadaskedone oE the boys on the farm whetherthere was a pie in the cot. He was informed that there was. Aboutthesame timelowell, one of the Labourers onthefarin, called the prisoner twice. On the first occasion there was no answer, but on the second call the prisoner answered from behind the cot, and it did not appear that any one else than the prisoner had been near the cot. It appeared that the prosecutor had suffered some painful effects from the poison which he had swallowed, and that half the quantity found in the bottle was sufficient to destroy life. It was stated that bluestone is used in the cure of diseases to which sheep are liable; but the surgeon said he did not think it was generally known among the lower classes in this county th7ati. was possonous, or even that it would act as an emetic. Mr. SosERsET addressed the jury for the prisoner, and contended there was nothing to show that the prisoner had the intent charged. Mr. Justice CI.ESSwELt in su=ming up the evidence, said the offence with which the prisoner wascharged was a very serious one. It was one of the few offences which were still capital. The first question was whether the prisoner carsed the po3son to be taken by the prosecutor, and the second'whether heldid it with intent to murder him. IJpon the second question his Lordship observed that half he poison fo7nd in the bottle wvould have cansed death, but before the jurycouldfind the prisoner guilty of the intent to murderthey must be satisfied that he knew bluestone to be a deadiy poison. The jury found the prisoner NVot Guit,..
NORTHERN CLRCUIT. IrVERPOOL,. M4ATTT 9A CRoWN COUTT.-(Before Mr. Baron ARTINQ. James Monaghan, aged 26, Terence M'Loughlin, aged 18, Edward Dunn, aged 25, and .Tames X<fe, seed 40. were indicted with having forged and uttered a wil of one John Monaghan, at Manchester, in August last gr. Ovens prosecuted, and Mr. Fernley defended the prisoners. It appeared from the evidence in chief and the cose-examinatian of the witnesses for the prosecution, that an old iman, named John Monaghan, died at Manchester in August last, after having been 'for some time il. Hewas a varnisher by trade. The prisoner hMonaghan was his son. A son-inlaw of his, named King, saw him make his will before he died, and that will was attested by the prisoners Keefe and 3viLoughlin The son-in-law, King, had insured old Monaghan's life in the WeDington Insurance-office, at Manchester, 14 months before he died, for 10. 16s., and the wil had been prepared the week before his death, and purported to bequeath this sum of 10. 16s. to King. It also appeared that Mfonaghan (the prisoner) had insured his father's life in the Diadem nsurance Company for 3001. about three months before his death. About three weeks after old Mfonaghan's death the wiU was on a table in King's house,whenMonaghan took it up and altered it in pencil, and then got a man nmed O'Neil to copy the will with the pencil alterations, and with these alterations the copied wiM purported to bequeath to the prisoner Monaghan the policy in the Diadem Insurance office, effected on the life of the testator by the prisoner-Mlonaghan, his son. This will was attested by the prisoners M'Laughlin and Keefe, and was attempted to be proved before the surrogate by M'Loughlin and Monaghan, Keefeswearingto the truth of the attestation. The surrogate was not satisfied, and an attempt having been made to obtain payment of the policy in the Diadem Insurance Company by Monaghan, that company set on fact inquiries into the matter and into the circumstances attending the death of the testator, which resulted in the prisoners Monaghan, Dunn, aperson named Barry, and the surgeon who had attended the testator, being taken into custody on a charge of having administered acetate of lead to -the deceased, and thereby caused his death. The body was exhumed, an inquest was held upon it, and also an inquiry was set on foot before the magistrates, which had ended in the charge being dismissed. It was shown that the prisoner Monaghan, shortly before his father's death had borrowed IOZ, on the security of the policy on his father's life in the Diadem Insurance Company, and that sum had been repaid; and it was also shown that the prisoners Dunn and Monaghan had been to a young woman, named Margery Hudson, and had asked her to go out to Australia with them,telling I her that they weregoing to get 3001. on apolicy ofinsurance. They afterwards told her they could not get it. The witness Kin,the son-in-lawv of the deceased, had been paid 81. by the wellingtonLInsurance' Company, part of the 101. 16s. I insured. The balance the insurance office had refused to PaEThis was the case for the prosecution. LonsiRS was of opinion that the evidence only affected the prisoners Monaghan and M`Loughlin. For the defence it was contended that there was no intention to defraud by the prisoners. The insurance in the Diadem Company had been effected by the prisoner Monaghan, and the only object of the prisoners had been to get paid that insurance which the prisoner Mfonaghai had effected. Thewhole charge was said to havebeen got up by the insurance company to avoid paying the amount due on their policy. A part of their charge. against the prisoners had beenthat they had murdered the old man, but that had failed; and now the present case was got up against the prisones. Eis LORDS1UP, in summing up, said, the present prosecution was got up by the authorities at Manchester, and very properly. It was a case from which much might be learned. In the. first place, Ieople would learn from it that insurances effected by persons on the lives of others, in whose lives they had no interest, were utterly void. Here they had the 'witness King effecting an insurance on the life of the deceased for so small a sum as 101. l6s. That policy was utterly void, and the. insurance-office had only chosen to pay 81. on the policy. Another thing people would learn from this case was that uttering a forgeddocument was an offence, even if there was no intention to defraud in so uttering it, as if a man forged ananme upon a, bill intending to pay it when it arrived at maturity, and to defraud no one. That was a crime. In the present case 4the first wil was no wiU in one sense; it was Imerely a docunient to enable King to get the amount of the policy on the testator's life, which ng had himself effected. So the zecond wiU had been forged to enable the prisoner llonaghan to obtain payment of the policy for 300l. eftected by him on the life of his father in the Diadem Insurance Company. There was not the slightest ground for supposing that he had any design on his father's life; but, on the contrary, there was evidence that he had been a kind son. The policy foi 3001. had been probably effected in the name of the deceased, in order not to -be void' on the face of it, and the onily person who could compel payment of it would' be the legal representatives of the old man, and it was probably to effect this object the prisonef had forged the wilL In the eye of the law it was a fraudulent act; but it was not a fraudulent act in the sense that' it was made with the intentto defraud. The will had been proved to have been made three weeks after the old man's death, and.there could be no doubt, therefore, that the prisoner Moiaghan had forged this will, and the signature of the deceased. The worst part of the case was his gettingSKeefe to awear before the surrogate that the will wvas agenuine one. The jury feund Monaghan (ttity, and Acquited the other prisoners. His LoRDsrm'sentenced the prisoijer to be imprisoned Xo six'calendar months,'. .
POLICE. I!ASIONl-oUSm-Tohn HuLl, who has been so fre. qenLtly unader examination upon suspicion of having been I concerned in the great golddust robbery commiitted in the transit of the property from London to the Continent, was brought before the LoRD MAYOR for final examnination upon that charge, and also upon the charge of having absconded from his-bail in the year 1841, when accused of having received stolen goods. Mfr. Bodldn appeared as counsel for the South-EAstern Railway Company, bywhich the prosecution was instituted, instructed by Messrs. Rees and Co.; Mr. Ballantine, instructed by Messrs. Lewis, appeared for the prisoner. Mr Humphreys appeared to sustain the second cfiarge. fr. Bodkim stated to the Lord Mlayor that since the last eyaTination every effort had been made upon the part of the prosecution to obtain the necessary testimony to perfect the evidence in the case, but without effect, although the rigid inquiry made had elcited a considerable amount of facts tending to show that the accusation was far from groundless. He considered himself bound, therefore, to leave the matter as it now stood in the hands of his Lordship, feeling, as he certainly did feel, that it assumed the appearance of a case of very serious suspicion. Mr. BalLantine said, the prisoner had been from time to time rernanded in order that the 'prosecutors might avail themselves of every oyportunity to collect the evidence which Mr. Bodkin promised to bring forward in proof of the charge of participation. His client felt that it was a great hardsbip to be incarcerated for so long a period, especially as a session had intervened since he had been apprehended. The LORD MAYOR said, he had considered the whole of the evidence with the greatest care, and he felt the utmost willngness to grant all the time that might be necessary in the 3nvestigation of a case of such undoubted importance to the public; but after the statement just made by Mr. Bodkin he could not see that he should be justified in detaining the prisoner longer on the charge brought forward by the South-Eastern Railway Company. He had, he plainly saw, but one course to pursue, which was that, as the prosecutors had failed to connect the prisoner immediately with the commission of the offence imputed to him, the prisoner must be discharged as to that case. Wit Bodkin said, he the more readily consented to the discharge of the prisoner in the case alluded to, as he was aware that Mr. 11umphreys was about to establish a charge agaist the prisoner which would, in all probability, have te effect of a further detention in prison, and in the meantime such evidence might arise as would complete the care about which such pains had been already taken. The LoD MAYOR then discharged the prisoner on the first case. Mr. Humphreys then proceeded against the prisoner under the following circumstances, and submitted to his Lordship the priety of committing Hall without bail, as he had aleady broken faith with his previous sureties whose recogmzances, as well as the prisoner's own recogni!zances, hadl been estreated. James Brett, the detective oflicer, produced a certificate]I which he had received from Mrr. John Clark, the clerk of tthe Centrfal CEriminal Court, a week ago. It stated in sub- "These are to certify that at the general sessions of Oyer and Terminer, holden on MIonday, the 1st day of -March, 184l, John HLa of the parish of Greenwich, in the county of Kent, labourer, was and stands indicted for feloniously receiving of an evil-disposed person a watch, of the value of 181., of the goods and chattels of George Atkinson, well knowing thn same to have been feloniously stolen. And these are further to certify, that at the same session a certain recognizance was returned, whereby the said John Hail and sureties we-e bound for his per sonal appearance at the said sessions, to answer and plead to a certain bill of indictment to be preferred against him for felony; but he did not appear accordimg to the recogniizance, whereby the same becnme forfeited, and was ordered to be estreated into the Court of Exchequer. And these are further to certify that at the same session it was ordered that process should issue against Hall, and that, when apprehended, notice thereof should be given to Mr. W. C. Mumphreys, of 119, Newvgate-street, solicitor for the prosecustion. And these are further to certify that the saidi John Hall hath not been arraigned or tried on the said Thomas M'Gill said,-I was formerly in the metropolitan polce force, and am now retired, and residing at 1, Belmont-place, Greenwich. I was in the oolice force in 184L I have looked at the certificate produced, and was the officer having charge of the case therein mentioned. The prisoner is the person who is mentioned in the certificate? The LORD 3t&YoR then asked the prisoner, according to the sual form, whether he wished to say anything. The prisoner.-No; I leave it to my solicitor. John Hall was then committed for trial on the second charge. Gu=TinA T.-John Church and Thomas Thompson were charged with burglaryin the premises of Mr. Hawkksworth, watchmaker, of 58, Fleet-street. Alderman FP s remanded the prisoners till Wednesday. MALR:soRouGH-sThREm.Jeremiah Rees was brought before Mr. HA.aDwICK for re-examination, charged with embezzlement. Mr. Solomons appeared for the prisoner, and Mxr. lewis for the prosecution. James Eenneth, 121, Bond-street, said he was asdstant to his mother, who carried on the business of a fishmonger. The prisoner was clerk, and it was part of his duty to take the money to the bankers. In the cashbook there appeared an entry on the 31st of December of 191. 6s. 3d. as having been paid to the bankers. On the 15th of January an entry of 641. 19s. 6d. was in the cashboolk as having been paid into the bank by the prisoner. The prisoner actuaLy maid only 541. On the 19th of January 241. 4s. 3d. should have been paid a.On the 9th of iFebruary the sum of 25t. 16s. appearedasifpaidin; on the 13th of February391.19s.2d.; and on thc-21. aE XAA-tary, . . IW. m,T I..b = was made up in isackets. Althe entries in the book were in the Irn nsr'hS naudwriting. When the prisoner went to the bankers', as wvitness supposed, on the last occasion he asked him for the bankers' passbook; the prisoner replied that the passbook w;as lost, and the bankers were miking a new one. Cross-examined.-The prisoner used to post the books conjointly with witness, and when ho (witness) wanted any money he used to take the amount he required and place a ticket an the money-bowvL. Had seen the prisoner in the Homse of Detention, out of sympathy, but did not say, "If prisoner could raise the sgu of 401. he would do all he coul'dto sette the mantter." Had not been to Prisoner's friends to make an offer to settle the business for 201. Re-examined.-All the money he took from the bowl for business purposes he afterwardsl replaced, and received the tickets from t'e prisoner. Sometimles he borrowed money from the bowl for his own use, but he always returned it. Mrs. Eemneth said, she employed her son at a salary of 1001. a-year to manage the business. Henry Heatly, in the service of Mrs. Kenneth, recollected that the pnisoner had lots of sovereigns in bins porte-monnaie on the last day he was at the shop. James Champsion, cashier, at the London and Westminster Bank, knew prisoner as comning to the bank to pay in money. The witness proved that onthe several dates referred tobythe first witness the snuTs paid in were short of the sums named, in one instance to the extent of 15l.;* and that the last amount, about 30W., had not been raid in at all. The prisoner was fully committed, and, under the advice of his solicitor, reserved his defence. XSImEMEST OF 1 UR rsDWIcK. Mfr. Hardwick, one of the oldest metropolitan magistrates, having been 35 years on the bench, yesterday relinquished his public duties, his resignation, it is understood, baving been reluctantly accepted by the Home-office. Mr. Hardwick, in addition to hus sound judicial qualifications, was an excellent ]inguist an advantage particularly serviceable in this court, where a considerable portion of the business has reference to foreigners. Mr. Mardwick, as a magistrate, was honourably distinguished by the inflexible uprightness of his judgments, i no instance allowing himself to be svwyed in his decisions by the rank or influence of the parties before him; hi s decisions being also remarkable for a clear perception of the real merits of the case. The casual poor, whose claimns more particulrly come out in pollce courts, will lose a discrminating friend, the funds of the poor-box having been always freely resorted to in meritorious cases. TnaSs.-Three well-knsown thieves, named Daniel Thompson, aged 20, John Williams, 22, and Robert Wood, 18-the two former described as having no trade anLd no home, and the last called alabourer, of lfo. 4, Lady Ieake's-grove, Mile-end-were brought before Mr. YARJiEY, charged with burglary and robbery. They were committed for trial for the burglary and Mr. AIRD EYrecived 1L from {'J. C.,"MiEle-end, for the poor-boxfund, and 2s. 6d. from "E. A. B.," for the wife and nine children of Police-constableJames Chapman SOmHWAsm-William Chapman, a powerful looking young fellow, 20 years of age, was charged with committing aviolent assault on-his mother, an elderly woman. Direcfly the complainant entered the witness-box the prisoner in a threatening tone, with his right hand extended towards her, exclaimed, " emember you are my mother. You mustn,otswear my life away, or vengeance be upon Mr. Cowsenasked the complainant whati her son was, and whether he was in his proper senses 9 She repied that hewas'a sailor, and had not long been in London from the Crimea. He was quite right in his head, but he behaved badly towards her. On the previous evening he went intobad company, and, hearing where he was, she wentafterhimto get him awiay. As soon as he saw her he knocked her down and swvore he would murder her, and she beleved that he would have done so had not a constable come up and taken him into custody. Mr. COXBE asked her whether he had ilused her before? She reluctantly replied that he had. Every time he came from sea he squandered his money away, and then found his way to her for more, which she always gave him as far as she could, and as soon as that was gone he Mllused her. The prisoner, in a dozed m anner, said he had no recollection of beating his mother. Some one must have drugged his ale, which took away his senses. Mr. COa0E told him he was a cowardly ruffian, and he should not be doing his duty unless he committed him to the House of Correction for tbree months with hard labour. The prisoner here turned round to the aged woman and exclaimed, "Remember, m other, 11 have vengeance for this. rIl make you remember this." Mr. Co0ME told him he would have three m onths to cool his temper, and most likely the punishment would make him remember assaulting his mother. He was then removed from the dockr, wen the old lady actuall1y tried to beg him off, but Mr. Combe wias resoluteinm sending him for three months.; l LABX Er - . r Jonathaa n 3 nynsettand jr. JohnHensby, veEtrymen, belonging to the parish of St. George the Martyr, Soutlhwarl, attended before the Hon. G. C. NOR'TOI, to prosecute a m an named Blackwell, in a case of gross outrage for which a summionshad been granted on the Wom the statements of the complainants it appeared that on Thursday, about mid-day, they, in discharge of their duty as m emn ers of the vestry of the parish, and acting under the authoritv of the Nuisances Removal Act, proceeded to a houso adjoining the George publiclouse, in the Waterloo-road, to view a nuisance which they had been in. forned existed there, for the purpose of its removL. 71ey reached the top part of the house ithorutn'chobnejsjon0 , and there discovered a nuisance of the lnost abominable doscription, and, infact, the whole hous wasnso fillthy asta as to be unfit for human h3bitation. At the top was a - nook to which the ashes, slops, and fith, of - the in mates were carried and etnptied, and this accumulaton was in itself sufficient to create disease and nausea, ana required to beseeninordertoformany ideaoE its abomination. then returnimg downstairs, after witnessing the scene they had but faint y described, they were beset by the inmates, who assailed them with all sorts of abuse, said the landlord p{rM Morris) was an honest and respectable man, and should not be robbed by such thieves as they; and, in fact, their situation at that moment, and for some time, became one of considerable danger. Among those by whom they were assailed was a farious-looldig Irishman three R drunk, and his wife, whose state of sobriety was very little better, who occupied an apartment on the second floor. This man placed himself on the stairs before them an such a position as prevented their passing him, anil though they remonstrated with him, and told hi;m who they w.creand the object of their visit, he obstinately resistedtathr progress. On the contrary, he continlued to abuse them, anc whistling a ferocious bulldog, of considerable size, as soon as the animal reached him he deliberately set it on one of them, Mr Emmett, and attacked Mr. Hensbyhimself, and wvs assisted by his wife. ForLtunately for himself, Hex. Hensby possesses much muscular power, and to this, and this alone, he owed his preservationfromserious intn7. The object of his savage assailants appeared to be to dra6 er force him into the room. inthe centre of which appeared to be an open trap or hole through the door, and doubtless to drop him through it; but, fortunately, he was enabled to disappoint them, and ultimately made his way out of the house. Mr. E:mmett in the interim had his work to do, for the dog. being set on him, at once made arsh towardshs legs. Fortunately for him, he was fortified with a pair of stout boots, and, as the savage brute approached him within the proper distance, he succeeded m giving him a ldck nder the Has, which turned him right over, fe, however, soon returnLed to the charge, and for eight or 10 times be stceeded in kicking him about the same spot and turning him over, and at last the brnte became so cowed and exhausted as to show his tail and slink away. Mr. Henshy assured the xna"istrate that his position wa anything but pleasant, but that of Mr. Emmett he considered to be much worse, and, s far as he had an Opportunity of witnessing it, he never saw anything more extraordinary than the way in which he naged to hick and throw over his savage assailant MT. Emmet -I had not much to spre, your Worship, for I don't think I was ever more exhausted in any effort, and never, certainly, did I witness anything with greater delight than the exhaustion of this furious dog, and his walking away from me. The name of the defendant Blackwell was called, but ke did not a pear, and Lockyear, the officer, having dewosed to serving the smmons on him personally and aisc to his having a narrow escape from the attack of the bulldog wbile domg so. hir. NORTON at once granted a warrant for Blackwel's apprehension. The Magistrate requested the acknowledgment of the receipt of the first halves of two 10I.-notes for the poor-box, from "A.. C."
S.HIP NEW& Am? T.TVIM'PnnT. Wind. E2I.E. The Pzide of Canada, from Ch&rleston. has arrived at this port On the 17th ofMar,ch.xinlat 53N., long. 22 W., experienced avery eavy gale from the S.., which stove galley, boat, . and washed oneiaA overboard. Arnrved-TheTanjore, from Alexandz-the Fanny Fern, frf CharlestotL Sailed.-The Queenof the Exe and the G. V. L Sterum, forlRioJa.. nero-the 3entor. for Vera Cruz-the steamer Arno, for Geno&-thu City of Toronto, for 3MontreaL FAioouEr. March 26.-Arrived, the transport Saldanba, No. 209. from Constantinople and Cork for 2ortsmouth-the Graaf Benzio. from Slher. B3EAuAnis, March 27-The brig Donegal, of Whitehaye drAgel her anchor lat night and drove on the beach at Gallows Point, where sbe nowlies, butwithout damage. WICK.c March 25-The Brave, from CastlehilltoThurso, which wag abandoned im rentlsnd Firth March 11, drove on shore next moning and went to pieces Ts, Mrch28.-The Crl. fromm yr&for Queenstown, ba put i to-day with cargo (wheat) dged; is discharging. CoxsrA&caTioPLE, March 17.-The weather continues extremely boisterous, and vessels from the Danube arrive with more or law dalage. some of thensfter a detentton of tree to uie montbhs A?rxE r, March 27.-The Australia. from Batav-a for Rottemdum. stranded in the Hellegat Mardi 25. wag got off, and arrived i the Hlelvoet reads yesterday. The Johannes Antonius, from lottaan for Batavia4 stranded on the Pampas.March 25, was got off an torwed ont to aea yesterday. The Zelie, from Senegal, was lnat atiselleisle previoin to the 2Sth of MSarch. The31aric Isabelle, from Mr seilles Ior Aintibes. wsstranded on the rocks at Cape Garape, March 21, and was expectedogotopiecesIftheba we ther continued Hariran poon., Macoh 27.-rrived, the Iirondelle, from Arbroath for Shoreham, v.ith loss of bovwsprit, bows store, to, from colLigion, S:poedtobewith the Amelia, for Shields. MOTE iarch 27.-The brig Btemembranoe, of Matlpol from St. Jean d'Acre for Antwerp, baaput into thfsharbourto.day nialinjag 18 inches of water per boonr ndwiuibaveto diochargeher casgo. having struck npon the Ibanks Off Benkirk. L.&nCo e. Dec. 4,-The steamer Maitiand was desred byfAve at Melbovnne Nlov. 27. - 5tO.tR . 1r.. 3e7.- (B' Sut1Rum AND BErzH TzL l MFrom Lloyds) AIved.-The Countess of Lonsdale. from Hamburgb. Sailed.-ThO Vaoard. for the M ruitils. MAC1In 20. 9 30 am.-Wand, E.N.E.; tide, I hours' ebb; cloudy, No arrivals Sailed.-The steamer Panther, for Boulogne-the steamerfleehe, for Ghent-the steamer lord J. Kunela, for Dunkirk. I p.m.-WInd. E-N.E.; tide lhour'silood; froahand fne. lNoarrivals. Sailed.-The lady Bleasingon, for New York, vil Card-Jr 3pn.-Wind, F. X.E; tide 3hourse food; fne. No arrivals. 7 30 p.m.-Wid, B.; tide 2 hour' ebb; weather, fresh and fag. Arrived.-The steamer Lutken, from Harborg-the Cotia, iLm Antwerp-the lion, from Gravelines. Sailed.-The teamerilot, for Tamburg. DEAl, Lsa.tr 2S. (BYSUBXSTM TN-, AND BBRITS TELZOI'T}L) arzom laoyd's) 9 a.m.o-Mid, Y.E11; fresh. Tased.-The Chanticleer, from London forNewfoundland. Noon.-Wind, X.E.; fresh. Anchored atDnngeness.-The Chasely, from Calcutta for London. Passed.-The Queen of the West, from Iondon for Swanra,-the Basi, irom london for Bilboa-the KaRffiland, from London ice Newport-theJunius, fromLondonforSyaney-theA-amemrnon, fromA London for Ca3cutta-the City of Quebec, fromLondon for Montrealthe St. Bevois, from London for Hongkong-Her Majesti's gunboat yorester, from Woolwich for Portsmouth. ASpanish brig, from Havannab, is in the Downs atanehor. 2 p.m-Wind, B N.E; fresh. Passod.-The steamer MiWnn, of Waterford. from London for Liver. pool-the Corporation, from London for lIagos-the Favonrite, from londonfor Algoa-bay-the Great Britain, from Londonfox Montrealthe Mellegan, fromLondon for Leghorn. 7 30 p m-Wind, X.E. by N. fresh. Arrived and 1'P -The Columbine, the Lady Blessington, and the Columbus, all from London for Cardiff-the Onckeen Johu, from Lon. don for leghorn-the Sylph, from London for Barbadoes-the Mary Jane, from London forSt Joh'e, Newfoundland-HerMajestWeRgun boat Fervent, from Woolwich for Portsmouth. Off the Isle of Wight on the 23d.-The Jacob Kichland from Tapani for Stavanger-the Cere', from Cette for Meemel-the Yaria Key, from Buenos Ayrea for Antwerp. Off Dungeness on the 27th.-The LadyBHlda, from Parbadoes-the Catherine, from the westward-the Juno, irom Jamaica-all for london. Vzssxrs SPOK]w WIT. The Veturia, from Liverpool for SiLgapore, Jan. S, in 1lt. 2 S., long. 29 W. TheFortitude,fromthe Clyde. for Ceylon, March2, iu'at. 42N.. l ong. 17 W. Second distinguishing pendant No. 9,527 (Strathleven', Afare 3. The tobert Leonard, fron the Clyde for Boston,Feb. !i, off Vape Sable Banks. TheBonman Emperor, from Calcutta for London, MarchS, inlat. 36 N., long. 39.W. The bark Linwood, beating to the Northward, Feb. 4, in lat. 36, long. 73. The Arthur White, from St. John'ls, New Bronswick. for London.: Feb. 21, inlat. 43, long. 60, bad experienoedheavyweather, lost and split sails, to. The whaler Sutton, of Sydney, New South Wales, Oct. 21. clean. The Sarah Trotman, from London for Melbourne, SepLt 11, in bIt. 5 'N.. long. 19 W. The schooner Emerald, from Newport for Palermo, M1arch 7,20 mfles K of Gibraltar. 3 . of Shields, March 12, steering B., in lat. 39 N., The brig Billow, kern Liverpool for Salonica, in lat. 42 1X., long, The Racer, of Brixham, kern Newcastle for Genoa, Feb. 26. off Rock A large clipper ship. 1.0f6 third distinuishilng pendant (Celeste), Dec.10, offtBatemarn's By. HIGH WATES AT LOEDON-BRIDGE. This day. To-morrow. Morning .. 15 min. after 61 Momlng .. 9 mmn. after 7 Afternoon .. 41 min. after 6 Afternoon .. 45 nun, after 7
Advertiscrent.]-The Royal Pictnres.-The iRoyal piotures engraved in the "Ait Journal" for Aril are:-" GeneiTve Of Brabant," alter Baron Wappers; and "WThe Fountain at Madrid,after D). Itohere, BL The fiCulpture pate is -Hagar ani hmael from the lisrelief by F.. S. Bartbolemew. The lterary ecntenis n- clude-"NBomendlature of Pictorial rt"by J. B. Pine; ",'ationa! Portrait Gallery" *n Suggestions of Subject to the Stuei uti " "Ife of C. 3. Ysle, P.A.," illustoated; "Winchester College, i- trated; "The Home of Paul Potter." by F. W.Fairholt. illustra " Pukn's 'M Iodern Painters ."' " The Stereoscoe," by I. Lue%,' F.R.B,, iustrated: .'Tho Wational Instituion .ibiton," * Virthe and Co., 25, Paternoster-roW. rAdvertisement.]-Notico.-"The Old Vicaxrase,"a novel,' in 3 -rols., byMrs. Hubback (nieceo of iss Austen), authorcese! 'The W'ifes Sister." "May and December," &a., is ready this day. CharkS 3. Skeet, publisher, 10, King William-street. Cbarig.-ro TopreTent disaPPointment in the execution of orders an immediate trans. mission of them is necessary. FAdvertisement.]-" What shall we have for dinner? -tkareely any other question is more regularly asked. day alter UY, or found more difficult to ansWer MatisaCtorily. It will h a relief to manytohear that a now work justpubliLbed, caUed " The Vifc's O'n Bok of Cookery," completely disloses of the inquiry. by giving, ia sddition to the ordinay contents of a frnt-clascookery-book, plain in. etructions how to dine from two to twenty, or any larger number of persons, in a recherche and economical style, which affords the utmost variety of cholie, but occasions the least amount of trouble or expense, It iswholly impossthle toselect amooreappropriate,u ul,aLI aoceptable gift for daughter, sister. or matron than this " Wife' Own Book of Cookery" (price 3s. CK.), or " Treasures in Needlework." by Mrs Warren and Mxs. Pullan (price gs. Gd., richlygilt). orthc "Peso-, tical House-wife," by the editors of the " Family riend" (prioe 2. &d, strongly hound). These heooks have been universally commuended. and should dand a place in every household. If the choice gocs beyontenl really cheap, good, and instructive volumes, "I.egant Arts for Ladies," ¶juost cut. 3a Cd.), and "Bechatoin's Piandbook of Chamber aud Cage BIrd" (just out, 2ls. E.), are hoo}s that nutLove botb w6eeable and instructive. Better worrs donot eist, Tbey are bSe' tifully illustrae Published by Ward and Lock, I58, FlNctet,bcl ana~ seldbyaflbookselert,
THE A -ZL --.w XT -- ICA N >,.Afk. an die &eDLIte on the 0tb1 , "the Central Ame-l ~icanqviIttioni was aga&!I bror,siht on. The following ivn a report of the pro"e'Bings '¼' The Senate corRidered the bill appropriating j3,000,000 tor increasing ttm armarents and munitions of war, and for the manufacture and alteration of small arms, in accordance with the recent4ttummendation of the President. " The bill wsv ordered to be engrossed for a third reading by a vote of 22 against 12. "Mr. Critteniden (Know-nothing), of Kentucky, wished to knowhow recent improvements were to be appliedto arms in the States ? " Mr. Weller (Democrat), of California, replied that it wa; proposed to callthem in. There were about 300,000 muskets in the States, which were to be rifled, supplied with new locks, and3laynard's primers, which alterations would make them most efficient weapons. This alter.ation would cost $3 each. "M Yr. Bell (National), of Tennessee, did not think the exigency had arisen for such an appropliation. He did not wish to have it go abroad that the little speck of war had stimulated such proceedings. Besides, the object of the expenditure was'not sufficiently stated to accord with the doctrines of the fathers of the Republic. " 3fr. Weller w's villing to make the biU more specific. He did not apprehend war, but while the Treasury was full iC-was well to make preparations for any emergency which /might arise. "M r. Seward (Nigger Worshipper), of New York, would vote for the bill, if amended, so as to make definite appropriations for specific purposes. " The vote ordering the bill to be engrossed was reconsidered, when Mr. Weller moved an amendment in accordance with Mr. Seward's suggestion. " 3rr. Hunter (Democrat), of Virginia, spoke in favour of increasing the national defences, so as to be prepared for attacks from ivery quarter. "2rr. Cass (Democrat), of Michigan, said-Mr. President,When the infornmation firsb reached us some time since that a peace would soon probably terminate the war prevailing in Europe, I submitted a resolution instructing the Committee on Naval Affairs to inquire into the expediency of increasing the navy of the United States. I thought this was a precautionary measure, dictated as well by prudence as by patriotism. Before it was in my power to move the adoption of the resolution, I was prevented by an accident from attending the Senate, and when I was able to resume my seat I was told by the chairman of the Naval Committee that the subject of the augmnentation of our maritime force had engaged their attention, and that he was about to report abill for that purpose. This was dono within a day or two; and under these circumstances I thought it inexpedient to press my proposition. The bill was passed, and though I think the increase it provides falls short of what the situation of the country demands;-yet I voted for it with pleasure as an important:step in the right direction. Sir, the external circumstances affecting us have materially changed since the annual estimates were laid before Congress. We had, indeed, at that time differences pending with England; but these differenees have since assumed a much more serious character there and here, and as their gravity has increased, and with it the public excitement, England finds herself upon the point of being relieved from a terrible conflict, which demanded all her energies and resources, and operated as a security for her moderation towards otherPowers. inducingherto yield tothe suggestions of prudence what she might refuse to the dictates of justice. If she is freed from the present struggle she will come out of it with the possession of a great unemployed force, and with the loss of much of her military prcstige, added to disappointed hopes and wounded national vanity, arising out of the events of a war which have been more favourable to the renown of her ancient enemy and recent friend, and always rival than to her own. It might well be, Sir, that in this condition of comparative humiliation she might have no objection to seeking in the West that glory which she had anticipated, but had failed to find, in the East; or, at any rate, these considerations might operate to render her more tenacidus of the position she had assumed, and less disposed to meet US in a spirit of modera tion. And, certainly, Snr, no man can fail to observe that, as the probability of peace has grown stronger, the bluster in EnglandI borrow the word from Lord John Russell, who applied it to Mr. Polk-has become more violent, til the latter is *.lmost a measurement of the former. It is not long since this feeling was indicated by a distinguished review, the iVorti Britain, which observed by way of warning or of threatening, or probably both, that the same fleet which passes the summer in the Black Sea may pass the winter in the Gulf of Mexico. It is at no time improper tolook at our means of attack and defence, but it isour especial duty to do so, as the affairs of the country become more critical. There is one peculiarity in our condition which our whole history h.as disclosed, and that is an insuperable objection in the mnds of the American people to the permanent support of a gr-eat military establishment. What M1r. M.adison called the armour and the attitude of war will never be assumed tillwar is upon us. Of course our airangements to meet it ar heatH7 madr , -ut Ey are mrade with a spirit and energy which no other country has ever -lapiaj 4 which enable us to face events as they are forced upon us. And I observe that even the London Times is not blind to this national characteristic, its vision being obviously rendered clcarer by the occurrences in the Crimea. 5peaking of war, it says:- Oar merchants would find a foe as waU as a rival in every part of the world. We are aware that we should have to deal with an enemy inheriting all our enterprise and darin-, but not burdened, as we are, by a national debt and alhost of incapables, or trammelled by a Court, an aristocracy, and the routine of which the report from the Crimea discloses such sadly fantastic examples. We do not forget how quiekly the United States raised the armies that reduced Mexico and wrested from her whole!provinces. We know that 25,000,000 men of Eurokean, andchieflyBritish blood, are nobtobedespised. Ve could hardly expect to suffer much less damage than we could inflict.' The fact is, we have in the United States no soldiers, in the European acceptation of the term; no class set apart for the business of fighting. Our embodied military force is too small to form an exception to this remark. But the whole nation is a nation of soldiers when the safety of the country demands their services. Habituated to firearms and fitted by habit for almost any employment, each feels his own interest involved in the general welfare, and aU are ready to repair from their homes to the battlefield preparedto do their duty, and animated by a spirit of patriotism which leaves to the Government the tazk of determinin" whose voluntary offers shaU be declined, not whose shTll be accepted. T'he difficulty is in saying who shallUstay, not who shall go. The world has never seen such displays of military ardour and patriotism as are furnished by the history of this country in periods of difficulty and danger. This very .state of things, however, renders it but the more proper to regard with careful attention the COUrse and conduct of other nations, the pretensions they advance, and the results which their measures appear to foreshadow. Obvious as this duty is, it is scarcely ever fulfilled but the cry immediately goes forth, and often from this place, that war is desired. It is an idle charge, Sir, scarcely deservin- serious refutation. To adopt the side of our corutry in ter dispute with a foreign Power is not to desire war; it is to desire that humiliating concessions should not be made, but that if war is forced upon us we should be ready to meet its responsibilities. Its true aim is to avert 'war, not to invite it-to avert it by showing that we a:e aware of our position, and are not to be driven from it by arrogance or injustice. My friend from Tennessee (Mr. BeU), as true a patriot as we have among us, in hli remarks the other day fell into this error. He renewed the oft-repeated story of my beUlicose disposition towards England (this is his word, not mine), foundin" the charge upon nothing better than the freedom with which I examine her pretensions, and the earnest desire I exprcEsed, as I am convinced that my country is right, that she will yield nothing to the unjust demands made upon her. The senator seemed to think that this course of discussion here would be considered by England as a determination to cut the Gordian knotvwith the sword. So be it, -Sir, if she has had the arrogance to view the debates here as jtrenching upon her rights and honour-as a menace, to adopt a phrase which the senator used upon that occasion. If the statesmen and people of England, in that spirit of assumption so often displayed in her history, connect the free discussion of our cause with the determination to appeal from the arbitrament of reason to that of force, let them learn to correct their errors in the school of experience. -I rencat what I before said-the people of this country desire no war with EDngland. Every man knows the calamities which sunch a rupture would bring with it; and cerhainlv, at my time of life, and with the experience I have had, I am among .the last to look wiith satisfaction upon such 'a prospect. Out we are not to lay our hands utpon our morths, nor our mouths in the dust, lest foreign Powers should see in the examination of their conduct a foregone determination to engage in lostilities. 1 agree at least with one sentiment recently advanced by Lord Palmerstqn, that 'w hat a Government has to consider is the justice of its cause, and what is befitting the honour and dignity of the country.' That, I trust, will everbe our Ueof action, and if it leads to peace so much the better; but if to war, we should meet it as we may. We find no example, - either formerly or recently, in English history of this carefil attention to the feelings of another nation, and of this studied purpose to avoid giving offence by avoiding the discussion of national differences. VWhy, Sir, the people and the press of England are equally violent in their denunciations of our country and her position. I am not "oing to quote the terms of abuse so lavishly employed. They show how imnprovement follows practice; for in the extensive experience we have heretofore had in the receipt of similar national favours we have received none more significant than these. The articles from the leading journals which prove this state of feeling have been everywhere republished and read in our country, and precious exhibitions they are of good taste and good feeling. In one point of view only are they worthy of attention, except as indications of national character, and that is because they are equally indications of that deep-rooted sentiment of aversion which animates the public mind in that country towards the United States. I know it has been apologetically said hereforapologies areneverfoundwhollywanting-that these publicatbons speak only the feelings of the editors, and not those of the great body of the people. Sir, there is no foundation for. this distinction between rwriters and readers. The great leading papers of London are unerring indications df p,opular sentiment through, the island, whether leading or leo by i>, especially when they are united without reference to party distinctions in questions interresting to the English people; and this union is now almost ,without exception, and is of its4i one of the must pregnant signs of the times. Let no one, therefore, object to their cxamnination here in thisbranch of the national Legislature. They are legitimate subjects, important indeed, of investigation in the consideration of OU' affairs with Eugland, as they furnish the means of investigating the cosidition of the public mind, and bow far it is prepared to approve extreme measures. He who beleves that all the London journals during a session of Parliament, when the statesmen and politicians of the kingdom are assembled there, sti ongly advocate views of great questions of public policy unacceptable to the English people, klows little of the cause which operates upon public opinion in that country. Straws they may be in themselves, but so far as respects our course or our cause they show the force and direction of the wind. Some of the most violent of these papers are the supporters and under the control of members of the Cabinet, and appreciate their own position too well to give utterance to a single thought in relation to grave public matters unaccepttable to their leadefsl. When, therefore, I read well-turned periods of conciliationutteredbyLord Palmerston in the House of Commons, while he holds on with characteristic tenacity to thelast letter of his construction of the Clayton.Bulwer treaty, by which he maintains that the engagenient on the part of England that she will not occupy any part of Central America does not mean what it says, but it means that she will not occupy any more of it than she claimed at the date of tho treaty; or, in other words, that she will not increase her occupation-when I read this, and then turn to the miserable diatribe, pre-eminent for its arrogant abuse against the IUnited States, which has recently appeared in his journal, the Norning Post, I am free to confess that the coarse effusion of the paper more than neutralizes'the professions of the peer. and, in my opinion, speaks more truly his sentiments. In that precious exhibition of British moderation the world is told tuat we have no Goverunment, and are in pretty much the condition of the Gauls and Germans in the days of Julius Caesar, aud that we are as much without the pale of European principles as China, or Japan, or the African communities, and that we must be dealt with differently from civilized nations. It proposes that the European Powers should come to a common understanding how to deal with us, and that France and England should place themselves at the head of this new crusade of civilization; that they should watch OU' coasts and search OU' vessels, andtakemenout attheirpleasure uponpretextsto be judged by themselves, and, if necessary, this scheme should be carried to the last extremity. And this is the serious proposition of a great London newspaper, known to be - attached to and supporting the interests of Lord Palmerston. The United States are to be tabooe.l, to be declared a political leper, and to be excluded from the company of the sovereign Powers of the world. I have no objection to the indulgence of that boasting propensity whichmakes part of the English character. Indeed, the self-complacent eclibition rather amuses- me. We have a complete display of it at this moment, and are timely warned that on the fiing of the first hostile gun our commerce is to be swept from the ocean, our seaboard devastated, our cities plundered and destroyed, and, I suppose, our national 'independence annihilated. 'Let him not boast that putteth on his armour,' says the volume of inspiration, no less than the volumne of human experience, ' but him who putteth it oil' This fanfaronadc is an old story. A certain general, named Burgoyne, said in the British House of Commons, at the commencement of our revolutionary war, that he could march through the colonies at the head of a single regiment of dragoons; and I believe that was the general sentiment of E3ngland-it was truly an English one. In a few short months the self-sufflcient orator exchanged St. Stephen's Chapel for the forests of America; and, placing himself at the head of a well appointed army of 7,000 or 8,000 men, he marched into our country a few short miles, and there fulfilled hiis promise by an unconditional surrender of his arsy. WVhen we entered upon our last war with England our flag was contemptuously designated as striped bunting, and our armed ships as fir-built frigates. But when we came out of it, that striped bunting had so often floated over St. George's cross, and those firbuilt frigates had so often redeemed their character in desperate conflicts and by captoumng their opponents, that even national vanity, in its owN- defence, was compelled to admit the prowess of our galant navy. And this exaltation of their own power extends beyond us to the other nations of the world. For but a few short months have passed away since St. Petersburg and Moscow were to fal, and the Czar to be driven back to the primitive inheritance of the Russian rnler in Asia. But Mloscow and St. Petersburg and Russia have survived the power and the threats of England. It is wonderful, Sir, to observe what ignorance of the true condition of our institutions pervades tho English journals, and, I may add, the English community. Among the crude speculations which have recently come to us from the other side of the Atlantic are some regarding the present posture of our affairs with England. It is supposed we have no Government, and that Congress and the President and the county are guided by the idlest motives that ever entered into the humans imagination. I shall not stop to repeat them, contenting myself with observing that the failure of the House of Representatives to elect a Speaker seems to have bee considered the kneU of the Govermment. It is emphatically termed the deadlock-, an insuperable bar to our progress. Now, Sir, to us in this country it is realy laughable to suppose that such an incident as that could exert the slightest influence upon the destinies of our institutions. They are controlled by far higher causes-by the wil of the American people. And if this deadlock, as it is caUed, had even continued during the whole term of the present Congress, the people would have stood between their institutions and danger, and would have taken efficient measures to insure the operations of their Government. In fact, Sir, such is the moral effect of our institutions that the political machine would for a while almost go on byl it, ue -uPro. +io laSi at Jamestown and at Plymouth our history is a school, teaching how free and equal Governments may be organized and maintained by thse sponataneous action of the people in the face of whatever obstacles may occasionally present themselves. While I was in Paris an incident happened which furnishes another example of this Euro. pean ignorance. It is worth referring to in this connexion, as a characteristic trait. When the news reached there that there had been some disturbance in Harrisburg, -which had caused the members of the Legislature to quit their hall of assemblage, there was a good deal of excitement, and it was considered, if not an actual revolution, as the precursor of one. The state of things in this country was judged by the state of things in France, and the members of the Chamber of Deputies could not be driven by violence from their seats without an explosion which would shake the kingdom. I was asked by a distinguished French functionary, and with a manner wvhich seemed to say 'your country is in a bad way, what will be the probable result of this interruption of the public authority l for Harrisburg or Washingtonivas,Isuppose, tothemthesamething. Ianswered that the next packet would probably bring information that some justice of the peace had issned his warrant, and that the offenders had been apprehended and punished, and that with this exercise of authority the whole matter would pass away. And such, in fact, was the result. With one exception, this Government, in my opinion, Sir, is the strongest Government on the face of the globe. There is no question but a sectional one which can destroy it. If we learn to be Nvise and avoid all irritating interference between the North and South, leaving every portion of our country to manage its affairs for itself, upon its own responsibility, we may reasonably look forward to the indefinite extension of the best and freest form of goverunent ever committed to man. If we do not, we may learn wisdom at as great a sacrifice as man ever paid for his error. After these experiments of the British press to which I have referred upon the taste and feelings of their own country and upon the forbearance of this, it required a good deal of courage on the part of the London Teres, while alluding to the views entertained, to say:-'We believe that much of this recklessness (that is, our advocacy of our cause) is owing to the habitnaUy pacific tone in which the United States are constantly spoken of in England.' I am at a loss to judge whether this remark is an assertion or a sarcasm. If the former, it is as little creditable to the wisdom as to the veracity of that reckless paper. If the latter it is one redeeming concession, the more valuable as it is almost 'wiithout exrmple. ' The British people,' says the same great controller of public opinion in England, ' are very slow to go to war, but they are still slower to make peace.' This national trait, thus discovered and disclosed, must push the credulity of John BuU about as far as he can bear-and that is saying a good dealwhile the pretension excites the ridicule of the rest of the 'world. It has been often said that the last person a man knows is himself, and that the remark is equaUy true of nations needs no better iUustration than this vaunt of the disposition of England to bear and forbear, evinced by the slowness and reluctance with which she suffers herself to be driven into hostilities. The British people are very slow to go to war ! Why, Sir, their history for centuries past has been little else than a history of their hostilities wvith the other Powers of the earth, civilized and uncivilized, for they have been very impartial in their aggressions, as neither Christian nor Pagan has escaped their assaults ! Slowv to go to war! Why, for the last 150 years they have hardly been at peace. T'Iheir armed ships have been prowling round the world seelkin wlhat territory they might. devour. Ay, and finding it, too, from mighty continents to the smallest islet that dots the ocean. If they had a temple of Janus-as had the Romans their predecessors in wars and acquisitions, it would be as seldom shut as the memorable temple of old. Slow to go to war ! The very journal, 17w Timnes, told its readers but a short time ago that the British Government went to war with Burmah for a disputed claim of 9901. Slow to go to war! But- quick enough to go to war with China in order to compel that country to permit the importation of opium, a drug destructive of the health and morals'of its people, and successful enough to make that privilege one of the conditions of peace, equal to 7,000,0001. sterling annually. I merely glanceat this subject, for I have no wish to follow its details. They are before the world, andwill passto the judgmenof posterity. Slow to go to war! lhe last accounts from Indiatell us that the populous kingdom of Oude is about to follow the fate of the other native Governments of Hindostan, and to swell the mighty possessions of the merchant company which rules the immense territories upon the Indus and the Ganges. Mr. President, I desire to do no injustice to England. I appreciate all she has done for the intellectual advancement of mankind-for morality and civilization. But when she plays the Pharisee, and thanks God she is not like other nations, but shuns wars and acquisitions, I, for one, 'feel little disposition to yield to the boasts or denunciations of her politicians or her journals. I have 'touched but a few facts in her career. They mighb be made' to assum6 a formidable array.- I refer to nothing which is not before the world and a legitimate topic of examination. He who believes that the wrath of England may be-deprecated or her designs arrested by studied silence in our country, or in this high place of our country, knows little of the ceaseless operation of hinnan ambition. I am not one of thpse- who believe that by shutting -our eyes to danger we may avert it. That is best done by looking it in the face and by preparing for it. No nation ever escaped war by closing their eyes to its approach. And no nation eter brought it on by the exibition of a resolute determination to rsis a esio. Welmae-'aieay, -Sir it ipparsto, me, rea~ te sbjet qitedelcatly-ingrly I ay say, in the Senate. We had better look to things as they ame, and call them by their right flames. I sincerely trust we shall have no war. And when I consider the condition of the two countries, and the calamitous effects of a war upon both, I casn, hardly believe that English statesmen will push the difference to that extreluity, though certainly there are ominous portents above the horizon which wamus that a storm may not be far off. Bat at any rate our safety wiU not be increase'd nor our dangers diminished by sitting still and closing our eyes, and our cars, and our-mouths to everything around us, suffering events to take their own course-controlled by not coatrolling them. The latest accounts tell us that several regiments have been ordered from England to Canada. I doubt the truth of the report. Some yeaTs ago, and without reference to the Russian war, the British Government withdrew a Large portion of its troops from that province. It did not need them there. It does not need them thera now, either for the purpose of defence or of police. There is no more immediate fear of an oppositson to British authority in Canada than there is in London. If these troops have been really ordered there the measure is an acb of precaution or of menace, foreshadowing idlcrior objects which depend on the deternination of the Briti.h Government. I have seen no speeches in either house of the British Parliament from any member of the Government which give rise to the least excpectation that the views of the MIinistry will be changed respecting the differences arising out of the- Clayton-Buiwer treaty. I see, indeed. thereareintimations that they willhbe willing to submit these differences to the arbitrament of some friendly Power. For one, Sir, I do not perceive how such a proposition can behaccepted. The question in dispute is hardly a question for reference. It does not relate to disputed facts Uor to the fair construction of the engagements of the parties. It is a mere question as to the meaning of a *word-the word 'occupy'-to bring the matter within its narrowest coinpass. I slsould as soon think of referring to arbitration the meaning of tbe words, 'free Sovereign and independent States,' in the treaty of peace with Great Britain, which recognize our independence, as the words, ' occupy and assume and exercise doniinion,' in the Clayton-Bulwer treaty. The former measure vwould be just as reasonable and honourable as the latter. No arbitrator, whether understanding the English language or not, can tell us better than we now know vwhat a treaty means when it says that neither party shall occupy or possess any doniision in Central Amucrica, except m the smgle case provided for in the rider annexedto it. If anyother occupatiosi is retaiLied the treaty is violated, and we profess to knov what occupation means without resorting to the lexicographical knowledge or good offices of friend or foe. If England can hold possession witlhout occupation she m-ay make out her case. If she cannot, ours is made out. The reference of such a question would be but a subterfuge unworthy of OUr position and our cause. Under these circumstmces, and in the state of our foreign relations, I sliall vote for the propositions of the military cominittee to fortify the positions enumerated in the bill theyhave reported. I think we are called upon to do so by considerations which will be felt and approved by the American people. "M r. Hale, of New Hampshire, could not believe in the propriety of ;national armouries. He could see no more necessity for having national arns manufactured in national machine shopsthanof havingnavaluniformssnadein national tailorshops; nordidhe admit thenecessity of such anincrease of theefficiencyof thearmyatthistime. Alludingto Mr.Cass's quotations from the London Times, he said little dependence was to be placed on foreiga newspapers. He read an extract from the London Tdegraph, which represented Mr. Seward andMr. Footeasbeingextremelybelligerent, andanotherfrom Lv Pahie, Louis 3Napoleon's organ, which represented Mr. Banks, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, as a black man, saying that in the double capacity of a coloured sin and abolitionist he had inspired profound disgust in the minds of the Southern members. " The reading of these extracts occasioned excessive laughter. "Mr. Iverson (Democrat), of Georgia, defended the bill, and thought there was danger of war 'with England. He did not believe the Administration or the American people were in favour of arbitration on the Central American question. "Adjourned."
- THE DESTRucTiox OF .COYBNT-GARDEYf THEA TBE. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE, TIMES. Sir,-I have awaited with patience the termination of the investigation in o the causes of -the late disastrous fire at Covent-Garden Iheatre, and I have borne in silence the libellous asser'ions and more libeDous inuendoes unsparingly made against me by some portion of the press. i had determine 1 to "bide my timne"-to allow the public to have their say, and all thiose ',tty caluminators who are always ready to pursue a. man with envy when he is prosperous, and wiNth detraction when they fancy he is ' down," to have theirs likewise. I knew -that I had an impartial tribunal to which to appeal in The Times newspaper. and deeming that the timue -had now artived when a statement fiom Tnme and a vindication of my conduct are due both to tlic I cblio and to myself, I respectfully but confidently o a i to be allowed to plead before the most influential c,urt cf pulblic opinion in the world-to hold up my hand in your dock-and to say boldly, "Not Guilty" to all the charges direct and indirect, preferred against me It would be pusiDaniinous in me to shliuk from direct reference to the most current and most malignant accusation against me. It may be sneeringly objected, that " he wlho excuses accuseshimself " but the aspersions on me in the newspapeis have assumed far too definite a form for me to pass thews over in silence, and the plaiin truth must outthlat I am either an iiicendiary or a deeply wronged and injured man. - If I were the cause of the destruction of Covent-Gariden Theatre, it must either have been by an act of deliberate arson or through culpable negligence. That I am accused of either one or the other is pzlpable, I think, from the accompanying extract from Puench:- "Of the Wizard of the North, "Sing the Tuesday night's renov;-n, "When he let the gas burst forth, "And burnt the playhouse dowvn." Now, this may be sorry doggrel, and only a specimen of the notorious waggeries of Alr. Punch. It may be meant " only in fun ;" but fun that in plain English accuses a man whose riputation is his bread of letting gas burst forth and so burning down a theatre is fun of the frog and boy species-it is death to me. Humourous or serious, there cannot he any mistake about the meaning endeavoured to be conveyed by the last two lines. The Pincwl scribe might insinuate vwith equal jocoseness that I murdered Eliza Grimwoodc or stole the Royal nursery plate, as thltt through any act of mine the tlheatre of which I was a tenant was destroyed. Nor can I afford to pass such a statement by with contempt. In an ordinary comic publication I should look at it as a silly squib; but Punch is an institution and an authority, and a line in its colunums has often more powver for good or evil than a page elsewvhere. I may be wanting in the etiquette of journalism in endeavouring to refute in the pages of Tlhc Times attacks mnade upon me in other journals. But -what am I to do? Wil those papers which have so foully slandered me insert niy vindication? And is it not better for me to appeal to one thoroughly impartial and disinterested on either side of the question? What course of redress is open to me, for instance, against the Specetato-, which, in its number for Saturday, 'Yarcli 8, coolly remarxks:-" Covent-Garden Theatre is burnt down, and the public, taught by experience, at once suspects the incendiary." Will the wvriter of that remark denythat the "experience" alluded to is but a reference to the calumny of the " two theatres burnt down under mymanagement," and that I consequently aui pointed at as the " incendiary" suspected ? And yet, were I to apply to the editor of the Spectator to open his columns to my denial, would it not be very probable that my only reward would be a contemptuous inquiry as to who had accused me by name, and a recommendation to wear the cap if it fitted me ? In the Ba7nincir again (I quote none but powerful journals), there has appeared a leader in whicb, in fervent language, my bca smasyi# is denounced as a scene of the most rampant debauchery and abominable harlotry, and in which it is almost regretted that the " orgie" was not bronght to a termination by fire f om Heaven, instead of the material element; and by Mr. Douglas Jerrold I am described as "a fire-king cnthronied on a tarbarrel, whose reputation will be burnt into the memories of generations." I have it not in contemplation for one moment to attempt t.) combat the suddenly virtuous indignation of the Press against bals msqcsis in generaL. It is not for me to enter i.to the question of their morality or imnmorality. Assuming them to be scenes as depraved as the purist of the Examiner describes them to be, may I stil be allowed to ask whether I invented or even revived this class of entertainment-whether I have been singular in giving bals 2?asqu6s ) Therehavebeen such ballsatlfer Majesty'sTheatre, at Drury-lane, and at that very Covent-Garden where mine tcok place, and under the auspices of the very manager with whom I am now so unfavourably contrasted. I gave my bat amsqsed with the concurrence of Mr. Gye, dtoing only what had been done on the same arena niany tinmes before, and with the sole and stedfast view of discharging my liabilities to my landlord by the only legitimate means in my possession. I do not think I am at aU overstatin the case when I saythat for all commercial purposes the ball was Mr. Gye's, not mine. He had at first objected to its taking place; but on my representing to his solicitor that I knew of no other process (owing to the heavy losses I had already incurred) whereby to raise a sum; sufficient to pay the balance of the rent outstanding, and on any executing- a formal assignment. of tle proceeds of the entertainment to M1r. Gye, that gentleman on being again communicated with- gave his consent, on the understanding stated above; and in performance of my part of the contract the whole of the sum received, amounting to 7001., and which had been lodged for safety, when the conflagration brolke out, at t.ho p-lice station, Bow-street, by my secretary. Mr. Hingston, was, on my -written order, handed over to Mr. Gye, and is-no', in his possession. An incendiary, surely, -would have played his e.d:a 1,ot,or than this. I can prove what I have stated by my witnessas and my documents; at the same time I do not wish it in any manner to go forth that I amn desirous of bringing charges against Mr. Gye. He had behaved previously most kindly and honourably to me; lie had consented to wave our original arrangement, which was only for magic performances and pantonmime. He allowed me- to give, in addition, dramatic and operatic performances, and he lent me dresses from the wardrobe for the latter purpose. It has been publicly stated that the verdict of the coroner's jury might havo run thus :-" Destroyed by a masked ball, produced by puffs of the most deleterious character." Now, I ilU ask, supposing that the Bal 31asqzz6had gone off without an accident, if any such scandalous remark would have been made; or, again, supposing that the neighbouring theatre of Drury-lane had been consumed during a similar entertainment, Mr. E. T. Smitlh would have been held up to public odium as I have been? The disaster at Covent Garden might have occurred during the performance of the Huguenots, during an oratorio, a Free Trade bazaar, or a promenade concert; and I think it is the grossest, the cruelest, the most cryin- injustice to attempt to fix the responsibility of this calamity, either directly or indirectly, upon me, when there is not the snadow If evidence to convict me even of negligence (for the much taLaedof wires of ny galvanic apparatus would just as soonas any tyro in science will confSrm-have set the Thames on fire as the theatre), and when bv this conflagration I am a most serious loser in character, in purse, and in prospects. But I am a "juggler," and no lenity is to be shown to the "so-called Wizard," to the mountebank, to the showman. I am a juggler, and accept the balls and basin manfully. I bave juggled for many years, with a great deal of success, znd have made and lost a great deal of money. It is no idle toast, but a simple statement of the truth, to remind the contemners of the mountebank that I have juggled before most of the crowned head in Europe, and that the showman has been summoned to Balmoral to juggle before her present Majesty. Buat there is one thaig I have always endeavoured lo be in addition to a juggler-viz., an honest man. I -wish to use no hackneyed sentiment, but I ani here to rssert my honesty and my manhood, andI will do so against all come-s. The "noble lyric temple of Covent Garden" was desecrated by the occupancy of the juggler. Why, when a moneyedtenant could not befound, was the juggler's money so eagerly accepted ? 'Why, so long as he was prosperous, was the juggler be-praised and be-complimented ? Why, when fortune for the moment frowns upon him, is he looked upon as the lowest of the low, the vilest of the vile? 'Who, when I left the L,yceum Theatre, after an almost unprecedentedly successful campaign, protested against my taking Covent Garden? The press auguredasplendid season for me; but I amnowunfortunate, and Ilam now a butt for every scribbler's shaft-sneered at as a Mierry-Andrew, or darkly denounced as a " Swing." My pantomime was, commercially, a failure. I did my best with it, and I did my best afterwards to right myself by operas, by dramas, even by my much abused Bal Zasqud. Success I did not achieve; but may I be permitted to ask my company, my tradesmen, and my brother managers a few questions ? Have my actors or aartisans ever gone on half salaries orfound an empty treasury on Saturday, Havel IeverpanderedtoaristocraticvscesbygsvingeagaAgem, ttsinthe ballet, in exchange for susbscriptions for stalls and private boxAes? Have I ever allowed the vapid witlings of fashion -have I permitted even my own friends to dangle behind my scenes? Have I ever endeavoured to repudiate or to evade one just demand unpon me? I kept CoventGsarden eweeks,Ihave wrongednomanof onefarthing oied like a slave to please the public. But on the last night of my tenancy the theatre, by an accident, inevitable and unaccountable, but with which I have no more to do than the man in the moon, is burnt down; and my rewarid-s an accusation of constructive arson, the most unmanly detraction and the foulest abuse. - My unqualified contradiction of public statements made by Mfr. Surnam and Mr. Marcus Sharpe that two theatresone in America, the other in Glasgow-had been bumt down while under my control, has already gone forth to the world; that the statements themselves have done me an incalculable amount of injury. Of the unfortunate, and to me utterly ruinous, destruction of the one theatre vith which I was connected -the City Theatre, GlasgowI have already offered explanations. But I should like to remind those charitable persons, who think the conflagration at Glasgow a pair 4 facde case of evidence against me in the burning of Covent Garden, that I had already leean the occupant of five London theatres-the Strand, the Lyceum, the Adelphi, the St. James's, and Covent Garden itself, before my last and unfortunate tenancy cf that building. I should wish them to remember that I have pelformed in almost every theatre in the united kingdom, that I have been the -lessee, for a regular dramatic season of the 'Theatre Royal Manchester. - That I Iaveperformeed in all the theatres of the United States of Amenca, andin very many of Germany, Sweden, Denmark, ;nd Russia. If I were the " fire-king enthroned on a tarI arrel" of my detractors, my theatre-burnings would be 3 eckoned by hundreds, not units. Sir, I have done. I may have transgressed the limits which you may feel disposed to assign to statements :uch as mine; but in the press lies my only hope efsetting myself right with the public. By some journals I bave been unjustifiably attacked; but I have no quarrel with the press; to it, in the aggregate, I am under very many and very deep obligations, and I now appeal to its sense of honour, andits sense of justice, with a firm reliance on both to be allowed to' clear myself fromn the ruinous scandals that have been cast uponsme. * Iann Sir, yonr obedient servant: JOHN RENRY AMERSON.
SALES BY AUCTION. .96 Postponement of the sale of a Cacbmnlrer's Stoc& MIR. JEsIMMTT begs to state the SALE by AU.C ,LtLTION, of Iessrs. Rippa and Fugeis stock, in Great Marylebonestreet, advertisedfor April2.isunavodably POSTPONED.-Carriage Bazar, Bak;er-street, and KLing--stret, Portiman-square. WVeekllProperty, Peckham. n rR. G. H. MART will SELL by AUJTION, l t the Rosemary Branch Tavern, Petkham on Wednesdavynet, April 2. at3 in the afternoon. NINI; HIOUSES, Non3 2 t.o 10, Smnithstreet,.Commcrcial-road, Peclham; let to -weekly tenants, and pro. dure shout £101 per annum; held for a 1ong term, at a moderate grommd rent. Viewiable. Pas-':culars and conditionus at the Rosemary Branch; and atMr. U. H. Martin's auction offices, Blend 5, Cowcross-street, Smithfield. Unreserved Sale.-A capital Long Leasehold Investment. jYIR.ROBERTKEN Y ONwiISELLbvAUCTIO1 Lt the Mart, on Friday, 18th April, at 1 preciscly, ELEVI1 genteel VILIA RESIDE-NCES, aud a Chaise-houe and Stable, situate Nos. 3, 4, 5.6, 7. S .9, 10, 11,12. and 13. Milton Villas, lillbrookroad, Brixton. TDesevillasare newlyerected, andIave goodfrontand back gardens. For particulars and conditions of sale apply at the Mart; to Messrs Paterson and Lonugman solicitors, 6E, old Broad. street, Royal Exchange; or to Mr. tRobert Kenyon, auctioneer,I, Copthall-chambers, Copthall-court, near the Bank. Dover. ~jIjESSRS. CG. FLASHMA1T and Co. have been iYJJsonoured vith instructions from the Execuiters of the late Rev. J. B. Bates to submit for SABE by publc AUCTION. on Tuesday Wednesday, and Thursday. April 1, 2, and 3, the whole of the excelleni HOJUsEHOLD FUINITURE, Linen and Effects, and the valuable Library of 1,200 volumes of Books, rich in theological, c'-"-ical, and historical research. Sale each day at ll. The boolis will be sold on the last day of sale. Catalogues at Sd. each (returned to purchasers) may be bad of the auctioneers. 6, Market-place, and IS, Bench-st., Dover. Pilteham, Surrey.-Materials. Yixtures, and Eittings of lrvensbury. house. J_ESSRS. BLAKE wil SELL by AUCTION, on ,,Nthe Premifses, on Thursday, Apmi 3.at 12, all the MAT-ERIALS, consisng of elating eting, and brickw.oret tbher of roofs and 'doaf, loorboards,glazed ishes with shutters, doors, forcepmps, leadoli. terus pipes and critters. marble anld othereboirnrs-pieces, York; pa-ing, fixtures and fittings. M ay be view ed twr o days before the sale, ansI catalogues had on the prenises; at the irns in th¢ neighbourhoodi at Garrawpy's; the Artichoke inn, Xewvingeon-cause vay; and of Messrs. Bloke, Croydon. H e orthaMas ton.-Freedolu Property. b R. i DWrya FOX is directed by the Esecutors of l the late Wha Firth to SELL by AUCTION, at the Dolphin, Northampton. on Teondayenext at2 Ror3, in three lotsovalutrble FRwE HOLD IeNe ASTa,TS, for emta1l capitsllyt, comarisint 16 houses. situate in Brarward-street, Uppler and Lowrer P.iver-terra¢e. and Scarlet WVell-street, .Northampton ; producing rents amnounting to £121 per annum. May be viewed, and particulars obtained of Messrs. H:ughes, }Kearsey, 3Mastoronan, .and Hughes, solicitors. 17, Borklers. bury; at the place of sale;- and at Mir. Edwin Fo.'s oflires 41, Colemar.-street, Bank. To Builders and otbers-Paperhangings, Chimneypieces, &c. \/1R.. EDWINT WHITE wilSELL by AUCTIOYN, _ wv;ith out reserve, at his Rlooms, 10, Bish opsgate-ystreet wcithout, on WXednesday, April 2. atl21 forl punctually, a recent CONSIGX. -IlENT of superb 13FENCHE HGINGS and DECOItATIO S, part of the remaining portion of Mlessrs Erwood and Co.'s large stock of paperhangings: 30 handsome St. Ann'4 Rouge-lloyal, Sicilian, and n.assive sPatuary, marble tbimneypiece wsix r aving1-inch jambs rea der them suitable for any pub,c or large buildingl: under an ass)fment for theibenefit of creditors. A quantity of 0 G and o.her mould. lags, painter's and plastererssbrushcs, seditoers. Onvietl daypraoz and morning of sale, when catalogues may bse had b C:hislehuret. K;ent-Hlousehold Furniture, Htorse, Ca-lger Cows &c,-Ey Mr. T. BA;'TER, on Tuesday, April 1, on .he Pamlotsh, neaShVield Lodge, (-OMIPRISINTG two capital mares, 1G hands higrh, for single or double harness, as-aluable yesragcn olt, by- opanish Jack, three good cowsa two heifers, excelen- barouch, a good double-seated phBeton, a small phatedn, and i dogartand haness, ltale andtger Wen too, &c.; good four-post and other bedstead, and bed room art_cles,Ba RRrobe and drawers sofas chairs, dining. lho. and other tables, pedestal sideboard, carpets, ;itchen requisites, mangle, show2er bath, beer casks, &c. maybe viewed the day preceding the sale, ana caStalogues had a the inasia the neirhhourlaood anudof thc auctioneer Bronaley, Kent. On Viewr.-W|ell-made modern Furniture, curious Pictulre in Miosaic Wlork, Paintings Engravis, , Chinga. Glass, htanblsome carved oak Boo-case, and Plated Articles; induding the Eects of the late hr. WeOodivard, of Carnaby-street. teR. ROBt eRT Re t ID wvill SELL2 , at his Roolra bl y Great Marlborough-Mreet, on Monday next, March 31, at lifer 12o precisely, mprand FUaRNITURE; comprising two draiing rooit suites in velvet and damasl;, roswood and w.alnut loo, card, occasional, and fancY tables, cabinets ith plato-glass backs4chimney andpier glasses, sidehoards sets of slding-frame dining table, secretary book;_ cases, w;riting tables, Frnch and Anshian bedsteardswith hangin£s, beddig, vardrobes, chests of drasers, wash-stands, dressing tables cheval and toilet glasses, and bed chamber furniture, 1kitchen requisites. and other effects, Maybe viewed, and catalogues bad. Ave Maria-lane, Paternoster-row. /1 SSR, nNE=T re instruCted to SELL MESSRS. WINSTA xLE 1VR_ ICION at the Mart, on WVednesday. 9th April, the capital PREMISES, No., &Ave irSarhla-ane, particularly suitable for the ooki trade; comprising a vrarehouse and counting-houdse, -with exela lent hackdighgt, occupying the whEole of the ground 'door; a private dwrelling"-house, consisting of several spacious rooms, and twro attice (vhich might be used for business purposes). They are held by lease, of the Dean and Chapter of St. Paul's, for a term of 40 years renew;aisle every ycar according_to custom, at agroundret To be viewed by cards, wvhich, wvith particulars, m.ay be obtained of Mr. Cippindale, solidtor. 10 A, Kiag'rs-Ya,-d, Moorgate-street; aud of Messrs. Winstanley, Paternoster-row; also at the aeart. Freperiormodem Furniture, Torridno-avenue, Camden-road Villas, R/ R. A. BOOTH will SELL by AUCTION, on the IY L Premises, 9. Torriano-avenue, Camaden-road Vill as, on Wed- nesday. April 2, atIl2 for 1, excellent HOUSEHAOilD F Xt2 ITU , comprising handsome Soanish nahorany sidebemrd, 10 dining room chairsin moroco, coucb, ea fchairs, dining, ge, and octaeional tables, Brussels capets. chimn-yglasses, brilliant toned 6g-ortave square pianoforte, by Johm Broadwood and Sons. newithin eight months oil oaintings-Paul Veronese, Wdard, Pi, Watkans, Q. Colep Bparit and china ornamenta. mahogany rabl)an bedstead and chomberfurwitere, china, glass, and plated articles, ic. Maynbe viewed the dayprevious and morning of sale, CatPaoguer on the premises, and of pre. Abraham Booth, anctioneer and estate agent, 1, Carlton-hill Villas, Camden-road, opposite the Brecksnock Arms, Frecholdu Eaate, bounslow. mSiddlese, five minutaes'w uiuktfrom th Railw.-ayStation, R. WOODS AWill SELI by AsuCTION, at the lcltredionIfh lounisoW. on Toesday, AptitS, at2,or3,inlots, a mosthdestrble FREEHOLD ESTATE, comprisin a nine -roomed dotalbedfmily residenceandtaoling sith threc-quatersof ansacreof gardeand arens ground; four six-roomed eenteel Cottage Resu- anesnd tre five-roomed Cottages, with large gardens; aliso eight Plots ofe reeholdBuilding Ground, offering adesirable oppor.unity-to smnall capitalists for Investment or occupation, being freehold, waith land-tax redeemed, and contiguous to the railpaynstation, wihi 20 trains to and from London daily. May be vieryed, and partculars had one week prior to the sale of Henry i hitehead s R., Whitehead-grove, Sloane-street, Chelsea; of Mbessrs. Willoughby, Coy, and Lord. soEdtore, 13. Clifford's-inn, London; and of Mr. Woods, auctioneer, Houns. lowv, Middlesx Egham-hill, Surrey.-A Freehold ! esidence and Grounds, in the beau- tiful vicinity of Wmndsor Great Park;, 1'irginia-wstsr, s,c., with prorent accens by railway from Stainer, but w-ithi a few minutese wlal of theEghamStation intendedtobeopenedbbefore rottRace.t nl e JOHN DWoLSOan is instrueted by theTr r - I ith cutornofthnelave bhisWatson toSEW.atthe Hart,onHoe dnsdr April2, the REEHOLD SiBTsHTE. e IBcentes conssting of an Cetm- fusully desirable Residenco and Grunlds, with commoEious coach. hoses, stabring, coadyard, and various other detached offlrem, waDled garden,oagardener'shouseforming a o vehnieDt entranec-lodge, orcronded by *bout 18 aores of 6uperior meadowr land, its tinebl undal etingfomlation, omamental timber, and plantations givng st s park alne appearance, nd commandirg in every direction extensive and interestFg scuery. including the Poyal domain of lindsor CasUte GreatPnrk and Forest; within anhoIr of London by thoWindsor and RichmondPailway, and onlY a feh mnutes' owalk from the Eagham Station. to beopened by Ascot Races, Also, imnseparate lots, some valuable Meadow and Wpood Lands, situte at Thorn s tee. Particulars,ith cond tions, may be had at the White Hart v otel, cindsorCatherineWheel, sgham; Bush Hotel, Stainer; Sw an Inn, Crer seyz Ocif mes. indseay and Mtasonp pe, tasb3ghaiatreet, solicitorsn at the Irom and at as. John Dawseon'n land and agency oflces, Eiltgstoa . on-thames, and Marlborough chambers wg, 1Pal-malt. Bloomsbury-square.-Rxcelient Hfousehold Furniture. 6'-cave Cot- tage Cabinet Pianoforte, a 6-ove Semi-Grand dkitto, twoselegant Crench Clocks, Osnamenahl China, Bronzes, Plaster Bests, Plated Articles, HarlequIn Pattern WVorcester Dinner Service, China, las, and about 70 doen oi very flue old Post and other Wines. l ouR. FIr ItIS (havig disposed of the lease of the nesshouse Prneo SELL by- AUCTION, on the Premises, .,0 Blooms. bury-square, on bmenday, o arch 31, andpfoDoll g day, at 1 eae da, the FURNITfE; comprising a drawirstgrom suite in rosevrood of sofas, couches, lomgin and other chairs, aD covered in crimson dama'- silk, damask selk window curtains for five windowts,large-sie chimnmey glasses, marble-top pier tables with glassesover, tworhandsome cut-lass chandeliers, a net of Spanish mahogany diniar tables dittopedestal sideboard, a dinner vaggon, 11 mahogany chairs withs stuffed seats and bicks, duing roomt urtains Turkey, Brussels, ani other careuts, excelnt esew ood pinged bootcasr pedertaealibrary table ibrary chairs, mahoany Arabian and oteer baedscrads, capivat bedding, mahogany chests of drawrers, marble-too wrashotands. choral glsss, Prnssdn stair carpets, ei6ht-day-brac1cet clock, iron chest, Icitchen requisites, sand othervTaluable effects. bfay beviewred on Saturday and, mornngsof sae. C taloues hadon the premises and ofw Mr.Finals auctione,er, &c., 65, Great Rusocll-rtreet, Bloomabury-eosiare. Samples of the vine maytbe had, Capital Oak,As, Beech,4 Cherry, 'ZValnut, and ElIa Timber.-Bcrk. ,. hamCtead, H,erbs, M[ESS SEDQWICK3 and SON; have besen .iI honoured with histi-ctione from the Council of Hlis Iloyal Highness the Prince of Wales to SELL by AUO'TION, at the }King's ArmS Inn, Berlihamastead, on Fr2iday. April 4, at 0, an convenient ltcs uwrards of 300 TIMB1R TREDS, witth their ion, top, andbhark, man of large dimensions and excellent quality, tahnding on the Drhy of Cornwrall 33state at Berlsbastead, Hens, cloae to theuNoltb-Wealer R;ailwray andGrand Junction Canal, Each tree is marked with the numuber of its lot in white paint, and maY be viewred 10 days prior ta the sale ISunday excepted)by spplyig to the respective tenants, of whom catalogues may beohad, Catalogues aloatteigso atrtes1hn' Berkchamateata and Hemel Hearpated; Rose and Crown, Tti-la and Watfotd; Peahen, St. Albania; Ced, Lgion. Bnsot * Ahereorn Arm, Stanmore; King's Bead, Harowr- WhiteHorsee. 'Uxhridgo; Whito Hfart, Windsor, Braconsfield, andi Alesbuty; Crowvn. Amersham, George, Cheaharni: -Swan, Rlchrnseisorth; Old Bell. Holborn;w at the and Sfon, land and timbie°r surve°yors a^nhdestate gns, W£:lesodod Lodm,k near Watford, HIerts, and at tbcil farm at lHuntou-bri0eo U Ctoxicy-h91L,-. - - -
