DEATHS. 3n Thurva. the 2th ult, in Cumh,treet Cutle }ieicd, aged 27, llerbertCulvert, lr.tee Sidney, eldest Sen etkr. Caisert, of Derby, ,ii Otthe ttt.yeaot New Lv., Hawkhurst, Kent, Tohn Cobb, Esq., On the 2Sth ult., in Onslow-qare, Prompton, after a very hort ib, Isabella Mary, onlye n cndaughter of the late Granvile Pen., Zpq., of StokePark, Bucky, aged 59. On the 29th ult. at Woitlhing. Jano Isabel Blakeway, ad 15, tho 5ownest and meefi beloved daughter of ir. John Blikeway. Onthe 29th ult.. at DaIedtou-ra,ee, Anne, thebelovedwiriof Itobert 1'eckhamn, Euq., solicitor, aged 33. On the 29th ult.. at the residence of her sous-in.law, John Wfihl xe Oq., Shlekerrick, near Bath, Jane, relct of Richard Murdett 1=az On the 30tu Ult., EUizabeth Sophba wife ot Francis Walton, Esq., ot Blackheaths. On the 30th ult., at Maidstene, Charles Scudasnore, Esq, ag4Q. On the 30th alt., in Maddox-street Hlanover-square, Washingtoui Cirr, Eaq., Commander .N., irr hbis 5th . yer. On the 30th alt., at Baorton, Bisho'CannigQ near Deizes aged 4,esis,the beloved wife of Ur. dliam Clarke, and only sistero dr ThEOMa Cooper. of Melksham,Wits. Ft On thelstalt., atlNewton-road. Bayswater, thebeloYedwifeof3fr. HfenxyAvelang. On the list ult., a6t Wellington-read, Stoek Newington, May, widow VI thO late Thea Elie,,, fOrmerly of rotter&eelds, aged 71. On Thsarsda, the 31st uat., at Playferd IHall, Sufroll, in the Si8th sear of her age, Catherine Clarkson, widow of thLe Ate Thomas CLairk- On the 31st ult., at the reidence Of hismother. at lenley.on-Thsame Fdward BeMn1 Ccoper, late of Aer3, West Coast of Africa, aged3L On the 31st ult., Isaac Elger, Esq., of Bedford. On the 31st alt Willlam Fruaer Hlalkett Priee, aged 5 years, bon af hbe late illiam Prie of 34 Craventreet, Straod. On the Istinst, at his hano,s 4, HarleympIace, Henry Pearon, Etq., of 'he Middle Temple, barrister-at-law, aged 47.
B0RD or fod)aBdt IE!ID~R ara Soet o'a,4 2em mdutePK oa rAd. JMOAR1)IIt REIEC PilOaLpiiao _" th highst repectbililty cans be aeco oza:datoa wit!. DBOAIt aud RliSIUItYCE. iTims inixkr4te. For Partlonlars iaqmial at the house. 4G A. lIUi.aal. JOAhDtD rind RESIDENUE4 Mtxund, in z-higsify i.e Pepectalie well-condtucted hotoc. Tertes 25&.praweek. A lare bau.dOwme hod room with .lruikng roota fwc a married wO¶x.lo-14, A,-d4t-er,vt BUJU1.1D and RESIDENCE ate REQU 1RElY, in a boarding ehoot,.byi ludy. Term%must bumoderate,notexmood. hog £' Per aunum. Apl St'. 'illp.,r 3 "etreet, iedf0rdi Squarw. OAIWPOan RESQEC FU.I.RED, byl 'wvood IefeereoseNcroqure.l. AAessM.M.. 11r. Soaloealibrary,Port. liv.,mineto?walk from thehwandQ:A Teraiaodre.Aie.s., A %m,ooo libraiy. GI. 2`Age.esr..-raak BOA1W .and ES IDEN CE ~fora gentle:uernnvj3ged u o itn,room.. anio, baLt! room, Le. Ter,.=, winth etkfaste,lie. OXL per wceF arther bDard iL reqelre&1-.E5,Mgonte llarrbury-perk, IffL.gton. lILl) ltOOX. au;tabiro MCeelde o wtee;aI, ob bedded loon.aatetoroerorridsTrmmdrte AddIe M . A.. "L . tosn',i. S.Imtbintn.o,Rnsl-a,se J3ADand RESIDENE-Agnteanrqu0 maymet Wt the o.5igo Jn alt" rirmgal os.Te rcfr arrnge slortoy t sit 'esenone. innrLoor 6 'eclock. binem 5XED,n o. h Kc.-ldset cdl loedladenifo rfaicemmod lat, for ctoedrole'd ptntetr aemtur. Add mu,11 1 5. Ia' (ifrn~ 2I , l iottATtUbom t25.rw lol-Ntraew.od r.yeo I Esonep,e.TrIuso h I.e nIB nrw torth Westard_ IuU .~f drawosorlng. pr~, iost. Cndrtoo lod Freo.cha 1>do lad iu gete-zlh pr.nyte amrs. FA gnllieuor a~l mtarred coulel uld eve,, erry5cmw "onun withfrt gofod ut z atnd cabliy Tem SmtY,nesgn,Churchstre,HaIacy. mdoto o lUAietRDe £2Sr ndFR1b2 _iCe, re we Bmill tooms: fGrog 2a. 2Ze per -idek hity Pantiemen ,olduIttiadei--mae of te, tt qazt'd ' pnthi aiuabl e e~Unng-pi Al,lres, a"f d~ ette tof Alph French! .o1ter.Ilr, He-read. aryoo, se.p-k4Adr D , tith or ewithut moary geutel prest, famy. A entlmen r a arr .privae famild of r Smith's, neweogent. Church-streuet,er-ac.,eyt oprtuist aI e ..arbsle'tingrsngdplsee nor h,"Ue irs ofitteeCu with twor ojrfot reuitelee or enulsint elr may value teand adntvagso Finut,h wand olrn, enho weanid, a.,iAAo,dSi AlmMeclfeaII ., ot Lvrostactk, l rightna .-Ltr woul hetomit ll te, e~e ofA domsti anwe chofu hKnone., upo omdeatetoros Ader,, o k, ese-ollpee,.mml. Utest:et soel atppHbointed hitsvicintof f a lady otL bybs reeOcabil- rito family. per anum are obeidgaterlafre, CadnVils B lady.hoccpying araml VCA-CIh bonmetocrrd neiil teoiuts' walk of =Ie seau and hAi-i.Adrs r.2etaf, Louwer lvetlc-grnlessre. IBayson 1OARD Ind BtEAIED.-A wi]a7dy,, andhier t inte un=ed ine ah citlwy duigthto da, ilr Is)Arlie oL LonDn ond LnodGrt fINU. Telatms' oret p~dreparattry oirle.Ca,d, letter,s. le.F-g tmt. blt.r BOTJL4L;2PE(TLhLYOADto ]a -etlRemat sce teitr, fulYSO an u, sd musc. all oefmol. Teinieshlisthe dd FI~er. Le-tter, to rnderIt +2 cofo tesbs erannm ae. am_ferofd, exleneof, win, aile,ands DARTIAL BOAiRD- an wIDoNCE.lAdan gente danltr, ren,id in wthin at during n.thea wayl: od tregi pak pland ,s.sin at'o1n-gsdos til ,he nhappygto lrgerV honse orthao be TLEw1t oreld b .pp tor met wgtis. a L tiean,of uit, ore.d hrobitsnre qurn thezoe acitcurnroaing TDe dy bAIT Is ple-antOr stae,d wlt)goNS em od emrd. Adiliesre etrlrdg toll. T Cr., SoIrt. Addre'ss 23. ofighoree. AVlsaul g. Bedtot hsne ESRIDLNCARwit Band.RA. gen EAfaisby, t ViWak,e1 anarangmen fArTIAL BOARD wto a gentleman eeivga ete .-rreot aod nesIar th.oume, sie ms thde rte, s-adrXs Address aithvOce DARTIYL BOARDaIMI).Afniy esiding resthin tSaUr.ntanPeo' 05fk or Catmeosd-gae-.at WenEslast oe-e.e~ twogeotleuseu St.PHeliDeri. The touseisenlose n pu1 LnreDer t rcosfirdiengm-D i .n Crohe s ne toerIWils. DAw;., kER BOAR aud RESI3 ENCT,- gunsentAleIuentose,e-a-'dmarthedctpldaring the da %nn rsding in a plea rant G.o of: wrth Lhpuiago, booseller ahsIerhaota erearr qairin whe aroeecmoainTe ba,I lasip.st ofe A,cResop e.tneabley ltea-tret wSi whodoe A housu i pleasatlyodirate incoe tids Tedlss oA. Doverat. LAD)Y oresidin Sin The el hbeuho acommodated A dhBAIDai RFR5O EIDFadRgSIDncy ,or Fu rimho.i,apre. desm p.ass evr. E.sminua,b sttesAdrw obM-hr,. .t4le-fie ..Lwhl IO_ t in th e os WIDvaeWhoLeDo a convei enpetaboue family whoaee et.lafdantml Si the giri ar Oxoiatet fooi enon todn. most denimusle hom'i. ART) ,andIWn( jReBDIn boer ate rsy..i A-re.t petoaFbT. ey ladles'otitool. Thehlre lihmys.tl Lromt,,te ndom A LODGI arsNwe G it minute,. dbl family. Tr. not- to ~,ed;-od pper iftlrmOtay. na a& Di, c o oe hnoer A WIm dOWcc LADY tO rrD,yn,a cWUon',25venient hostme wTh a yothartenhaegjing' ~2 nese ofryoungmathengaged int mat dLn the r ly to ±tl)SrAp.D land LFSD)Einherfamil. Addre Ss to , L Reme and let4ha'n, Pc lh=iyslrAmptCon.otb ELDERLY03' P JrL It)sfoy -iade-stfrl wioAw and,wo E LOGN eaU rexpotrablAde sall~tatmosunottola exeeedtO ite th OitAo.., -o. au not f r.lngoopIetabrenmcUfauceagot. Leter addressed,ipert's fd't 5u, 01., Sbt hlow'e,i co,moditus-dtu g:aaran't--wihou5~ 20d antic fr~om x tondthe usedter BEOithher e p[o. rbatwoh adesiare aOuiabeRhEncad YDRIOARK.-i One vi Hu aSOot ' irstaclafrss ACltdfOtDAT The io an in ,mmoieusan on.Auhlre.,tK. f.,AndOws' llbh, Glarfoutl. lumdo(ney-frHniSedbs,ton r and UIladies -A tlads. o &fSteet vth everyides,~d dired osl~on idr.Ste toner,& llheiroyw I~~WO GNTLEMEnxi cana bZerteivendas ofAthLAerLU I.Bandimmt. inA Yrortectalefamily, wereAtthendanfot,o home1 F an uVED intothethousebof a prsm Thebed hand sittlo eproosaen ni.y themtreatmbe,ntdoflth minne,d ETe im, gncluding irem berokloe. t2aelG. oerek tosoadl..i Aepply atd Refenme given an4 ileoln Adrod entoAlpha e. _d3 Yelatote-VarbleArch Hdovrhe w,aidowme tofnt eficaer, invli thbA now VClsNYin hi D- or bher ladyo a!nd applyw to ie ma. Drer, Othe agenct, . of, aehomtoaawall a mest-a bOrEup erriallr -e. n-- sa-oy frnesie,zr id p lT~OMEDCALMEN andthefrindsete nevou A. ad inone-A LY, r aladyandhe atendant, can be RECEVEDint th hose f a ersn wo hs Dd mcl.oxprere in thotratmentofheiz.on., She wold gladl girohe ctedito. Address -Alpha. 21. Piccadilsy J~~0Au)sAmeiarrged eian na ei' iT . tan noeby In desirous of!9If7GIt i thefmily, meeie andm cae adatnio,adhs- aae o1r sidenos irt the viresdin fi mAn. Hnor toee cnololsintr~~l~ ihgr coand= grehueatahd n pno er raeca rpae thi D..psa o fe or 1r.A d emb .I,a o o eesW aldene in tuhe vIIm init-of egv-qao, ~ t EE of DY oer.G N L M oalltd r n hs elhaee coartnt eas. Trmsrrm25otoze¶ ePrant-.&dct 0!Mr-Alse, d..als, 2, -pla Iiayt ee 7---- -
.ARLIAENTABY INTC44.MBN - .............. FR- X; : 1. ZOYSEOF >RDS,FRIDAY, FBB, 1. , * The LORD CHAcMWnou took his seat on the woolsak at 5 o'clock. - THE ANSWER TO TEE ADDRESS. iermajests most gracious answer to the Address was brought up and read as follows:- "I thank you foryour loyal and dutiful address. I rely with confidence on your cordial co-operation in all messures which I may consider necessary to maintain the honour and dignity of the empire, and to promote tha permanent interests and welfare of my people." THE WESLLEYDALE IJPE PEERAGE. Lord LYNDHURST gave notice that he would call the attention of the House to this subject on Thursday next. The precise forn of motion he would place on the votes on Mon ay. Their lordships then adjourned at 20 minutes past 5 o?CloCk. i
HOUSE OF COMIONS, FRIDAY, FEB. 1. The SPEA}En took the chair at 4 o'clock Mir. BROTHERTON moved the first reading of a great number of private bills. IRISH CHANCERY REFORMS. 3Mr. WHTTES IDE gave notice of his intention on Monday next to ask leaveto introduce a bi for effecting reforms in the Court of Chancery in Ireland. In reply to a question from the same hon. and learned member, Mr. HOESMAIN said, it was the intention of the Attorney-General for Ireland to ask leave to bring in a measure for the reform of the Court of Chancery in Ireland, and he would upon that occasion make a statement upon the subject. CARDIGAN HIARBOUR OF REFUGE. M1r. L. DAVIES gave notice that on Tuesday, the 12th inst., he would submit to theITouse a motion for the appointment of a committee to inquire into the expediency and practicability of constructing in the most advantageous part of Cardigan Bay a harbour of refuge, to afford protection against the injury to commerce and to avert the harrowing scenes of woe attendant on the frequent shipwrecks which occurred in St. George's Channel; which harbour might be constructed also to serve as one of defence against invasion. And that the said committee be at liberty to receive evidence as to the feasibility of employing the convicts of this country on that work, making their employment remunerative to the country, beneficial to themselves, and at the same time preserving our social condition, the security of which at present is so affected by the return to it of ticket-of-leave men. CHURCH-RATES. 3Mr. PACKE gave notice that on Tuesday next he should ask leave to introduce a bill for the abolition of churchrates. THE IRSEH BENCH. Mr. T. CHAMBERS gave notice that on the 14th of February he should cal the attention of the House to the state of the Irish bench. (A laugh.) IRISH TENANTS' COMPENSATION. Mr. V. SCULLY wished to ask the First Lord of the Treasuvry what were the precise intentions of HTer MEajesty's Mlinistersas regarded the Tenants' Compensation (Treland) Bill; audhethor it was intended to introduce it now as a Government measure, and pass it through its several stages early in the present session!s Lord PALMERSTON said, the House would remember that last year a biU upon this subject was brought in by an iindependent miember, which at his request was adopted by the Government, who undertook to do all they could to carry it through the House. That pledge the Government had rcdcemcd; they made every effort to induce the Houme tO paES the measure, but they had met with difficulties from quarters whence they could least have expected them;indeed, some of those difficulties arose in the very quarter whence had emlanated the request that the Govermnment should undertake the conduct of the bil. A great deal of time was spent in discussion, which resulted m no successful issue,anad certainly the encouragement which the Government received lastyear was not such as to induce them to umdertake a similar task in the present session. (Hear.) It was not his intention either to propose or to take charge of any bill of the kmid. REPEALED AND OBSOLETE STATUTES. Mr. L. KING inquired what steps had been taken by Her Majesty's Ministers to carry out the resolution of this Hiouse on the 19th of June last, that a bil declaring what statutes had been repealed expressly or virtualy, and what had become obsolete or unnecessary in the present state of society, ought to be forthwith prepared. Lord PAL3MERSTON thought it was evident, according to the very words of the question, that for the Government to undertake to bring in a biU to determine what laws were actually or virtually repealed would be a task far exceeding the powvers of the present Government, and would probably transcend those of any Government which might succeed them. If the hon. member who asked the question would himself take charge of such a bil, no doubt the House would give it its best consideration. (A laugh.) TIHE GUARDS' MIEMORIAL. Lord GODERICH asked the Under-Secretary of State for War whether the attention of the Secretary for War had been directed to a memorial lately addressed by the colonels of the respective regiments of Foot Guards to Her MUajesty the Queen; and whether it was the intention of the Government, in consequence of the representations of that memorial, to make any alteration im the warrant regullating promotion and retirement in the army, dated the t6th of October, 1854!: M1r. PEEL said, the memorial to which the noble lord had alluded had received the consideration of the Secretary of State, and the delay vwhich had occurred had arisen from the necessity of going tarefully into the fiscal returns upon which the memorial was founded. He was able to state that the inquiry into the accuracy of those comparative tables had been carried far enough to show that the memorial had to a certain extent been based upon error in regard to those calculations, and, in reality, there was no difference betwyeen the standing of an officer in the Guards on attaining the rank of acting-major, and the standing of an officer in the Line upon attaini the rank of lieutenant-colonel. He could not, therefore, say that there was any prospect of alteration being made in the warrant of last year. (Hear, hear.) TICTKETS OF LEAVE. Mir. 'WISE gave notice that on Mronday next he would ask a question respecting tickets of leave, and whether that system was to be continued. ADVANCES TO TURKCEY. Mr. DISRAELI gave notice that on Monday he should move for a statement of the several sums transmitted by the Bank of England to the Sublime Porte, under article 4 of the convention made last year between Her Majesty, His Majesty the Emperor of the French, and His Imnerial Mlajesty the Sultan, out of the loan of 5,000,000,. efected under the provisions of the 18th and 19th of Victoria, chap. 99, and of the date when each remittance was made y the Bank of England. ALIE ACT. COLONEL TURBL Mr. T. DUNCOUME inquired whether it was the intention of the Government to introduce any bil for the alteration or amendment of the laws affecting aliens. He alto wished to ask whether it was true that the release s.f Colonel Tisrr by the Austrian Government had taken place, and whether that officer was at liberty to return to the | employment of the Crown of England? The noble lord, perhaps would at the same time have the kindness to State what steps were taken by Her Majesty's Ministers with respect to that gross violation of international law, as regarded Turkey, and insult to the Crown of England. Mr. ROEBBCU.-Perhaps the hon. member will allow me to suggest an addition to his question. (Renewed cries of "1Order!") Mr. DUNCOMBE.-Perhaps my hon. and learned friend will amend my question after hearing the reply of the noble lord. LordPAxlMERSTON.-With regard to the first question of the hon. gentleman, I ha4e to state that Her Majestys Government have at present no intention of proposing any new law upon the subject. (Hear.) As to the second question, I have the satisfaction of stating that the result of communications which have passed between Her Majesty's Government and the Government of Austria has been that the Austrian Government have declared themselves ready to deliver up Colonel Turr to any military authority which may be authorized by this country to receive him, and he will therefore be perfectly free to perform any duty which may be assigned to him. iLth regard to the request to have the whole of the communications which have passed between the two Governments, I think the House will be of opinion that, as the matter has ended in a satisfactory manner by the liberation of Colonel Turr, it is useless going into those details. (Hear, heat.) The question was not altogether so simple as my hon. friend imagines. It was complicated by a great variety of conflicting circumstances. All I can say is, that while, on the one hand, the Austrian Government have insisted on the assertion of certain rights, on the other hand they have shown every disposition to meet the wishes of Her Mjesty's Government as far as was consistent with the rights which they deemed it their duty to maintain. (Hear, hear.) Colonel Turr was tried by a military tribunal on a charge of desertion from the Austrian a-my. He was convicted of that offence. The transaction was perfectly well kmown, and he never denied it. The conviction having taken place, the Austrian Government, in deference to the wishes of Her Majesty's Government, immediately ordered Colonel Tonr to be released in the manner I have described. Mr. ROEBUCE.-Allow me nowto put my emendation of the question-whether Colonel Turr is liberated without indignity? Lord PAT2IEESTOX.-As far as I am aware, there is nothing further than a pure and simple liberation. (Hear, hear.) hTHE FTALL OF EARS. Mr. WHITESIDE gave notice that on an early day he should call the attention of the House to the circumstances connected with the fall of Ears. MERCHANT SHIPPING. M Mr. LOWE gave notice that on fonday he should move that the acts relating to merchant shipping be ead, -and that the Hlouse resolve ifseli-tC- c-- itti&io der theiramendmen ' - -L JUVENILE REFORMATORlES.. Ar.W1SON moved that tbeliouse,at its risng, adjourk to Monday. Sir J. PAXIMGTON said that he considered it an abuse of the forms of the House-though tacitly permitted-to raise discussions on this motion, and he should therefore notdetain them by goinginto arguments and statements with regard to juvenile reformatories in putting a question to the right hon. baronet 'the Home Secretary, of which he gave notice last night. The subject was exciting considerable interestinthe country, andrequiredthe careful consideration anil decided action of the Government. The House and country were hardly aware of the magnitude which it had assumed within a very short period- of time. He believed uvpwards of 30 counties had either established reformatory institutions or were in progress of establishing them, and scarcelytwohad adopted the sameprinciples. Somecounties had raised large establishments; some had appropriated mere cottages for the reception of juvenile offenders; some had raised large sums by annual subscriptions, and others had failed to do so, there, being a strong feeling prevalent, in which he concurred, that the support of these institutions ought not to be left to the eforts of private charity. He donbted whether the country was aware of the very large Towers conferred upon the courts by the: act which was passed two years ago. By that act, not only the courts of assize and quarter sessions, but every court where two magistrates assembled, had the power, without the intervention of a jury, to confine juvenile offenders in these reformatores for a period of five years And yet neither the Government nor Parliament had laid down any regulations for their management, or taken any adequate security that these juvenile offenders should be properly taken care of. Men who, though animated by the most admirable motives, were enthusiasts, and in whose discretion unreserved confidence could not be placed, were left to cang out a law of this nature. The act required the slender security of a certificate from a prison inspector, which might be recalled at any time, if the inspector were dissatisfied wtith the reformatory; hut he wished to know w hether the Home Secretary had laid down any rules for the guidance of the prison inspectors, and whether he called for reports with regard to these etablish ments from time to time. He thoueht returns ought to be made periodically by theprison inspetors, and those returns should be subsequently laid oa the table of the house. Another point was, that there was no security for the continuance of these establishments when once they were set on foot. The Governmentallowed Bs. a-head for the boys confined in these establishments, bul it was notorious that 5s. a-head would not defray the expense, and it was now generally understood that in counties where it was desired to establish reformatories it was necessary to raise, by sabscription, 3001. or 4001. a-year in aid of the Government grant. This subject really involved two of the most important social questions-the administration of the criminal law, and the training and care of thousands of juvenile offenders; and he thought it ought not to be left in its present sate. It was most desirable, in his opinion, that the country should know whether the Government were turningo their attention to the matter, and whether they intendedcany further legislation in the present session. Sir G. GREY said, the subject was one of undoubted importance; but when immediate alteration was suggested it should be remembered that the act passed two years ago was avowvedly an experiment. It was thought that the endeavour to reclaim juvenile offenders who had been early trained in Iabits of vice and crime, deserved the sapport of the Government, although it ought not to be dMt with hastily or inconsiderately. Recognizing the exertions of benevolent persons in estabirshin" houses in which children were received after they Iad undergone penal sentence, that act provided that, upon the certificate of the Home Secretary that such buildings, having regard to their regulation and management, were fit for the reception of offenders, the Tieasury should authorize the payment of a certain sam towards the children's maintenance. The Secretary of State granted the certificate upon receiving adetailed report from the inspector in each c tse, stating the 'rounds on which the reformatory was enVtled to the certificate. If the inspectors were not satisfied tt.e certificate was withheld. Sir J. PAEINGTO N asked if there were periodical reports as to the state of The reformatories ? Sir G. GREY said, the act provided for the revocation of the certificate upon the reports of the prison inspectors, and that their reports should be laid before Parliament. Parliament lead two years ago decided that the experiment should be tried, and, although through the agency of gentlemen wvho had devoted their attention and money to the reformation of juvenile offenders, the results had been so far satisfactory that reformatories had sprung up indifferent parts of the country, and although the number of sechools certfied was not so numerous as had been mentioned, yet he had no doubtthat nextyear the number would becqualtothatwhich had been stated bythe righthon. gentleman. There were at present 25 reformatories in Great Britainand Scotland, certified under the last act, in addition to those established under a previons act. He thought itinexpedient to interfere with an act which was, upon the whole, working efficiently until further experience had been obtained. It seemed desirable that there should be both large and small institutions, and that they should be upon a different scale and management until the experiment had been fairly tr ed. He did not believe it could be correct that some of these schools could be held in mere cottages, although there might be temporary buildigs hired for the purpose. If the powers sought by some were given, these schools would fall within the general criminal law of the country, and would be taken out of the hands of those benevolent persons who were effecting a great deal of good by the care they bestowed upon these juvenile criminals, lIfthe prayer of the petition p resented by the bon. inemler for Somersetshire wvere granted it wrould only defeat the object of those who wished to further the establishment of these institutions. As far as his experience went, a merely permissive power to boroughs and counties would not be exercised, and, if the powers sought by theso petitioners were granted, it would be necessary to make it as compulsory upon counties to establish these institutions as to maintain county prisons and lunatic asylums. An act had been asse, enabling the magistrates of the county of 3bliddIesex to establish a reformatory schooL but although a year and a half had elapsed, nothing had been done, while in other counties, where sinillar facilities were not possessed,thesc institutions had much more rapidly advanced. He did not wish to preclude the consideration of this question after these reformatories had had a fair triaL The Goverment had been asked to enable judges to pass sentence of imprisonment in these reformatories, without inserting the name of any particular schooL But there would be great difficulty if an unlimited discretion were given, because a lad might be convicted in Cormwall and sentenced to a fortnight's impri sonnment in that county, and might afterwards be taken to a reformatory school in Cumberland. There must be some limit as to place and distance, and, if these schools became gefieral, there would be no difficulty. A lad might be conmitted to the Devon Reformatory School, but, if that Reformatory School were full, there would be fll powers in the Secretary of State to remove him from one prison to another. Mr. MTLES, having presented a petition praying that boroughs and counties might have a permissive power of establishi, - and niaintaining these refonnatory institutions, wishedtoremiind the ri,ghthon. gentlemanthatf'romthe enormous number of children and the paucity of Distitutions it was at present impossible that any fairness could be done to these children. The act, to be beneficial, must be carried out on a large scale. Let the right hon. gentleman look at the large school at Redhill which was not certified under the act, and was maintained by the benevolence of private individuals. Vhy should the righthon. gentleman hesitate to enable all the counties to raiserates,ifthe thought fit, for the support and reformation of criminal children ? In the county of Somerset the inhabitants had agreed to raise 5001. for three years, hoping that before that time the Government would take the matter up. He trusted that if the right hon. gentleman (Sir G. Grey) would not act in the affair, his right hon. friend (Sir Paldngton) would bring in a bilL Sir S. NORTECOTE said, that an instance had occurred under the present act of a boy who had been committed by the magistrates of Dorset, where there was no reformatory school, to the Devon Reformatory School after a fortnight's iniprisonment. The managers of the Devon Reformatory School said there was no room there. Application was then made to the Secretary of State to alter the sentence, in order that the boy might be sent to the Glocester institution. The right hon. gentleman .saidhe had no power to make such an order, unless the lad were first admitted into the Devon school, whence he might 'be afterwards exchanged into some other schooL It was fortunate that roumwas found for him in the Devon institution, or else the sentence could not have been carried out, and the boy would have been at large, not because there was no school to which he might be sent, but in consequence of a technical defect in the act. lord R. GROSVENOR wished to correct a misapprehension into which the right hen. gentleman had fallen with regard to the bill passed to enable a reformatory school supported out of the county rate to be established in Iliddlesex. So far' from no practical ate}s having been takentocearrvthe bill into effect, a committee had been appointed for that purpose, and the school would by this time have been in a fonvard state if adifficulty in obtaining a site had not arisen. That difficulty had now been overcome and the plans for the building would shortly belprepared. - Sir W. JOLLIFFE said, one of the anomalies arising out of the present law w as that, although a magistrate had the power of sentencing a child to confinement in a reformatory school, that school was able to refuse to receive the child. Mr. MILNES believed that this question would soon be 'brought under the consideration of the House by his hon. friend the member for the West Riding, as thatlarge andwealthydistrict derived no advantage whatever from thepresentlaw. If the right hon. gentleman, the Home Secretary, hadnotneglected this subject whemitwasbrought under his attention six years ago, thousands of men would have been saved from a criminal life. Mr. ADDERIdlEY said, the act had been most successful, 25 reformatories hiaving been established under it within 12 mnonths, hutthe system required, to be further developed. The Treasury had power to make grants for the support of the schools, and the institution at Redhill, so far from beinme supported entirely by private benevolence, had a grant equal inamount to those Of all the other reformatories in the kingdom put together; Whatever might be the best plan for the amelioration of the present law, he hoped the nght hon. gentleman would bring forward no measure which had not been well considered. Lord RB CECIL asked, whether the right hon. gentleman would propose a repeal of that part of the present law which obliged a reagistrate to commit a child to prison for a fort- night before sending himtoone of the'schools?- (Hear, heir.) *:]-! Sir G. GREY declined to enter into the merits of the noble lord's question, which, he' said, could not be answered in a single senfence. This 6nbject ought to bo dealt with upon soregneral principle; for it was most inexpedient to b conti naedling with it by petty legidation. - The conversation then dropped, and the motion for the adjournment was agreed to. THE ADDRESS. ' EDUCATION. I The report of the Committee upon the-Address was brought up by Mr, BEsG, and read. IoOn the question that the Address, as reported, be agreed Sir J. PAKIXGTON said, that he did not rise with any intention to revive the discussion which took place yesterday on the subject of the Address, or to depart in any degee from the tone which-marked the discussion on that occasion. On the contrary, for himself he most cordially concurred in the tone then adopted, though he could not help remarking that that tone seemed to imply that thetwo Houses had changed their characteristics, -and that solemn dignity had become the characteristic of the House of Commons, and vivacity of debate the characteristic of the other House. (" Hear," and a laugh.) His object in now addressing the House was to remark on one of those omissions in the Speech from the Throne wvhich was adverted to in the course of the debates last night. There were several rather remarkable oi3ssions, but his present object was to comment on one only of then. He found in the Speech from the Throne the following sentence:-"There are mnany subjects connected with internal improvement which I recommend to your attentive consideration." ' Now, he qite understood that thelIinisters, in advising the Speech from the Throne, might have consideredthat the queshon of pence or war was, at thepresentmoment, a question of such transeendent and paramount interest that that ciroumnstance jostifledthe passingovertisatreference whichtheSpeechfrom the Throne usually made to many topics of domestic policy. Still, as the Government advised Her Mlajesty to advert-to questions of internal improvement, he did not understand why it was that they omitted altogether any reference to a subject which in -his humble opion was, beyond all comparison, the muost important of internal questions at the present day, and aat whih excited the greatest interest mr thins country-he meant the question of National Education. (Rear, hear.) Hie felt very great disappoint. ment that the Government had altogether omitted this subject from Hler Majesty's Speech, and he felt this disappointment the more strongly on account of what occurred in that house last session. When he then ventured to submit to the House proposals on this great subject, lie had expressed a very strong opinion that, among other things, the present constitution of the Committee of Council was not satisfactory, and that the timehad come when the large grant annually made by Parliament for the encouragement of education ought to be under the management of some educational department responsible to Parliament and duly represented in the House of Commons. He had pressed this matter very strongly on the Government, and at alate period of the session,when he withdrew the biU he had introduced on the subject, he again adverted to the point, and he now wished to call the attention of the noble lord at the head of the Government and of the House tothe language used by the noble lord the member for London, then a Minister of the Crown, and speaking on behalf of tho Government of the present Prume Minister, with which the noble lord was then connected. The noble lord the member for London, in the course of his speech, when he withdrew his bill, after stating the reason why he had thought it desirable in the first instance to constitute the Comimittee of Privy Council in the shape in which it existed, uroceeded to use these words - " But circumstances had since changed, and he thought that it would be for the benefit of the public service if the President of the Committee of Council were to be acknowledged as the Minister of Education, and that the department of education should be represented in that house by a person who might, perhaps, hold the rank- of a Privy CounciUor, and who mighIt be able to defend any measure that might be adopted, and who wouldbe prepared at all timesto explain the views of the Government with regard to the general question of education. As to the steps necessary to be taken to carry that view into effect, he could assure the House that the whole subject was under the earnest consideration of the Government, and they hoped in an early session to be able to lay before Parliament a scheme for the regulation of an educational department." He thought this language, spoken with the authority of a Minister of the Crown, was perfectly satisfactory, and he heard it with the greatest pleasure. Not long afterwards the noble lord the member for London resigned office and ceased to be Minister, and, consequently, when the annual vote for education came under the consideration of the House, he (Sir J. Paldngtonl made an appeal to the noble lord the Pnme Minister, and, adverting to what had faUen from the member for London, expressed a hope that he had spoken in the name of the Government, and not merely in his own name; and that, though that noble lord had ceased to be uilister, the Prime Minister would consider himself hound by what the noble lord had said. The noble lord at the head of the Government met this appeal in the same tone and spirit in which the memberfor London hbd spoken, and, though not formally addressing the House, intimated across the table that the observations of the noble member for London were concurred in by him and that he intended to act on them. Considering, then, that the Government last year concurred in these views, and had expressed an announcement of intention on the subject, it was disappointing that this important matter had been altogether passed over in silence in the Queen's Speech. lVhile on this subject he could not help advertng to the notice given by the noble member for London yesterday. He (Sir J. Pakinivton) stated last year, on more than one occasion, that, having thought it his duty to make some efforts on this great question, the Last idea that ever entered his mind was that, of any feelbig of rivalry with reference to the uoble member for London, who bad so long paid attention to this matter, with so munch honour to himself and benefit to the country. Indeed, he should be well satisfied in any way to co-operate with the noble lord if their views should be identical on this question. Still he was disappointed when he heard so high an authority as the noble member for London give notice for March-the Ides of March-that he would then bring forward, not another measure, but only resolutions. Of course he (Sir J. Paklngton) could not tell what the nature of those resolutions might be, but he must express his fear that no resolutions the noble lord could move would educate the people of this country. The resolutions, however slfully framned, would stand onthe Journals of the House, while darkness and ignorance pervaded the mass of the population. (Hear, hear.) What the country wanted on this subject was something more tangible. Increased means and increased money for this great object were wanted in the first place, and, in the second, a better and more effective supervision and controL He feared these objects could only be attained by legislation, and legislation there must be ere long, though it might not be in the present or next year. Of the noble lord's intentions he wished to speak with the greatest respect. The noble lord was, doubtless,influenced by the dread of the difficulties of the subject, and might think soine other moment iisore opportune than the resent for legislationu; but what the comuitry desired was legislation, and a fair bat comprehensive measure to supply the great deficiencies now existing. In the meantime, while the question of legislation was pending, it was most important that tie management of the grants given by the House and the superintendence of the systemn, such as it was at present, should be under the management of a responsible Minister. He felt hound to exipress a hope that Hecr Majesty's G overnment did not intend to recede from their avowed declaation of last year. Sir G. GREY could assure the right hon. gentleman that the omission of the subject of the edneation of the people from the Royal Speechwas not caused in the least degree by the Government undervaluing its importance. They had freguently recognized it, but it was unusual to insert any topic in the Speech from theTlirone unless the Government were prepared to lay before Parliament a measure of some importance with regard to it. The right hon. gentleman himself, however, seemed scarcely to anticipate the passing of a large and comprehensive measure en this subject dining the present session, and, as the Gov=ernet hads no measure relatmig to it which could properly be so described, they had not thouxiet itnecessary to introduce the topic into the Royal Speech. Still it would be found from the notiees which would be given and by the estimates which wold bec brought forward, that the subject had not been neglected by the Government. A bill would be introduced in the other House of Parliament by the Lord President of the Councl, which, if acceded to f rby Parliament, wouldhave the effect of greatly increasing the present means of education in this country. -That measure, however, could not becealled ";large and comprehensive," andthe Government had not thought it of suffiient importaneeto ho mentioned, in the RoyalSp,eech. -With refereue to the better supervision of the distribution of the fnds granted by Parliamient for educational perposes, if te right hon. gentleman had aimplyiasked whether ate Government meant to carry into effect the promise made by &tem last year. he would have received an answer in the a9irmnative. (HIear.) It was then thought desirable that the distribultion of thsose funds, as well as other duties connected with education, particularly in matters referring to sciecuee and art. which were nowv discharged by the Poard of Tradse, shouldbhoplaced nnder the supervision of a department responssble to Parliament, and represented in that house by a Ihinister, who would be abl.eto answer all questions and ive any e,xplanations which might ha required. To that itenionL7er Majesty's Government adhered, and a bill would be introduced for the purpose of carryirg it into effect. (Hear.) THE WAR. lIr. BENTICE rose to direct the attention to certain opinions expressed by the hon. and learned member for Sheffield in the comuse of his speech of last night, Anything which fell from an hon. gentleman of his tMalnts and expernence would naturlly be diffused widely throughout the country and command great attention; and it was on that account that he was unwilling to allow those opinions to go forth to the world without some correction. The hon. and learned gentleman stated his conviction that the people of this country in going to war with Russia had been actuated rather by selfish motives than by any desirefor the ]reservation of Turkey. He further stated, too, that m his opmon this country was unable tocope with Russiawithout the assistance of our great ally. Mr. ROEBUCK-I beg the hon. gentleman's pardon. I said just the reverse. (Bear, hear.) Mr. BENTINCK was glad to be contradicted on that point at least. The hon. and learned gentleman also expressed his belief that the result of coneluding peace on ihe terms on-which negotiations ware now sup d to be going forwardwould be to put Russia inposession of Constantinople .in4the course of a certain number of ana conse quently to endangerthe security of our Indian possessions. 'ound thtex his d indefeeissent Hens prepar felt L gund t*-xrs i eie ijn,z vspeae to conteidth uflMaWndea by -any other Power, this country Vas alwn:ys in a positiDn to coerce RusiDL and .to compel her to submi;t to terms of pewce. (" Hear, hear," from Mr. RounuclL) This, he believed, was the opinion of t luge nswho, from their osition and connexions, were well able to form an opinmon on the sbject, Durinng the recessihe, hike many other hon. gentlenmen, had had occasion to address his constituents on the subet of the war, and in the course of his address hehad contended that the vulnerable -side of Russia was her foreign com3nerce, that no attempt had been yet made to attack her resources on that side, andthatthe only way to doso wouldbe strictly to enforce our right of search, and to put an end to the transit of Russin .merchandise through Prussa, which had been carried on vith such advantage to the latter Power during the present war. Soon after be had received numerous cormunnications from persons largelyconnected with the Russian trade, with whom lee had no previous acquaintance, all expressing entire concurrence iL his views, and satisfaction that the subject had been taken up by a mnember of the Legislature.- Again, there lhad appeared not very long ago, in the colunns of a morning ournal, which was supposed, rightly or wrongly, tobe the peculiar exponent` of the views of the Prime Minister, an article, which, after adverting to the great increase.in the foreign tradeofPrussia sincethe ecommencement of the war concludedin these significant words - - "There is abundant evidence to show that many ietitral Powers have responded to the humae role of. war which the allies have laid down by systematic and fraudulent subservience to the views andobjects of the enemy. As the first stepto pat an end to this now triffli the right of search shouldbe restored in its integrity, and, if that should tumn out to be insufficieuit, then a blockade of the Prnomsn and certain other nmiscalled neutral ports would effecully complete the whole matter." A very few days after the appearance of this articl the world was astonished by the intelligence of the sudden resolation on the part of Russia to enter into negotiations, and we were told by correspondents in all quarter§ of Europe that this resolution had beetn caused by. the determination of this country to put a stop to the trade of Russia carried on by way of Prusi. In its navy this country possessed the power of annihilating the commerce of Russia, and thereby compeling that country to accede to proper terms of accommodation. Thatthat. powerhad not been exercised had arisen from our having hadacolition Government. Happily that Government no. longer existed. The noble lord nowv at the head of the Governme twas saidtobe at thehead ofan united Cabinet, and his councils no longer laboured under the difficulty or being associated with a certain knot of statesmen whose conduct had endurably connected them with political tergiversation and public disaster. He trasted that it was the intention of the noble lord, if thc present negotiatons were not brought to a successful termination. to carry out the threats contained in the article to which he had referred, and that he (lord Palmerston) would not persevere in the farce of trying to carry on negotiations forpeace or operations of war on principles of free trade and universal philanthropy. Lord J. RUSSELL said that he had risen to correct a. slight misapprehension on the part of the right hon. baronet. the member for Droitwich (Sir J. Paldngton) asto6 the notice which he (Lord J. Russell) had given on the previous. day. The right hon. baronet supposed that he intended to move reslutions which should be adopted, and no further proceeding be taken thereon; and, having formed that. opinion, he said jusdtly, that resolutions would not educate the people of this country. If, however, the right heon. baronet referred either to ancient precedents, orto what had recently occurred, he would see tha' resolutions had often been introduced into that house preparatory to the introdauction of rneasures which were afterwards adopted byParliament. Itwas with a viewtobring underthe consideration of the House the subject of education, partly as it mnight be controlled by the Administration, and partly as it might be provided by Parliament, that be' intended to put his propDsitions in the form of resolutions. Ho had been, in some measure, induced to take this course by what had occurred last session. Early in that sessionL he introduced a bil in a speeck of great ability,- bit that bill was not seriously discussed till some time afterwards. The right hon. gentleman the member for Oxfordshire (ex. Henley) then made a speech in opposition to the bill, and threw so many obstacles in its way that, had the whole session been given to it, it woTld have had great difficulty in passing the House; and some time elapsed beforethe right hon. baronet had an opportunity of replying tio that speech. He (Lord John Russell) felt convinced that, if he were to introduce a bill, and postpone it from Wednesday to Wednesday duing the present session, he shquld b&t as little likely as the right hon. gentleman to make any progress with it; but, if the Hfouse would devote two eTenings to this subject, and would say what principles it would approve, he thought that it would be the business of the ``overnment to take care that a measure founded uponl those prmciples should, if it obtained the assent of the majority, pass through the House. He rejoiced at the statement. which had been made by his right hon. friend the Secretary of State for the Home Department. He was very "lad that the Government intended to make either the Lord'President of the Council, or some othermembei of the Government, the Minister of Education, and that there would be in that house a Privy Counciller who was responsible for that department. He believed that, though great progress had been made, the formation of such a department -would tend very much to accelerate the yerfolmance of the work which had stiUl to be done. Having rlien to speal, he would -ay how much he had been gratified by the tone of the discussion on the previous evening. (Hear.) It. appeared to him that, however critical might be the situaation of public affiirs, there was never a period when theduty of the House of Commons was more simple than at the present moment. He thought that it could do no otherwise than av-ait the negotiations of wlhich Her Majesty had given thema infonnation, and that in the Imeantine it was bound to make ccvry preparation tocarry on the war with the utmost energy if those negotiations, unfortunately, were not suceasL He would only s'vfurther, that he hoped that as the operations before Sebastopol, which had been attended at one time by so much privation, and at another by so mnech glory, and at all tines by a display of the highest qualities of human natureon the part of our brave arny (hear hear), hid resulted in the capture of thatfortress, they would be noticed by- that. House in some regular mauner, and that before long his noble friend at the bead of the Government, or some other member of the Administration, would give notice of an intention to propose a vote of thanks to the army in acknowled;ment of its exertions. (Hear, hear.) Upon those es-- erteons he need not dwell; The members of the Honse had on their minds how great, how noble they had been ; many of them had been splendid, but there -were others which had been performed in the dark and snowy nights of winter, the perforners of which could have no reward except in the knowledge that their country appreciatedthe noble devotion of these n-ho had served it. (Hiear, hear.) Mr. ROEBUCK should not have risen to address the. Honse had it not been for the observations of the hon. gentleman opposite (Mr. Bentinck), whose speech recaled to his mind the Scotch proverb, "H is bark is far waur thauhis bite." The hon. gentleman hadstated that he (Mr. Foebuck) said that England was not able by herself to cope with Ruia. So far from this being the case, one of the most salient points of his (Mr. Roebuhk?s) speech was, England was at all times, and more especially at the present, .able to cope with that Pow.er; and he adduced, in support of that opinion, the singular position which Englan held with regard to tle great Emperor Napoleon. Be. said that we had singlehanded coped with that great man under whose conquering legions the very earth of Europetrembled as he trod, and whose conquering arms extended from Italy to the NXiemen. We opposed him and conquered him, "iad shall it be s.id" he (Mr. Roebuck) asked, ' that we cannot now cope with Russi" And after this. the hon. gentleman tuned to him as if he would depreciate. the power of this country. He thought he had su9iciently shown how without foundation was that accusation. The question was then put, and the report of tle com-- mittee was agreed to. THE LAV OF PARTNERSHIP _AllD JOINT-STOCE COMPANIES. MI. LOWE, before moving that the Speaker shouldleavethe chair, should request his opinion upon a matter of order. On the preios day, notice was given by his right hon. friend thenmember forrWels (Mr. Hayter), that he (Mr. Lowe) should that day introduce two bis-one to amend the law of partnership, and the other for the incorporation and regulation of joint-stock companies and ether associations. By some accident, a portion of the notice bad fallen out, so that the bill for the amendment of the law of partnershlp was omitted frora the notice, although the words " Law of Partnership" appearel as the title. Hewished to know whether, under such circumstances, it -Would be competent for him to introduce both bills ? The SPE.AKE said that, as the error was uot on the part of the-right hon. gentleman (Mr. Lowe), he vwould be entitled to proceed with both bills. It was important that notices should always be given in writing; and. in the present instance that had been done. On the m1otion of Mr. LOwE, the SrEEaR then left the chair, and the Hose -Went into committee, Mr. Fencaoy in the chair. Mr. IOWE.-It will be in the recollection of tho HouBe that in the course of last session a bill was passed through Parliament for the purpose of enabling joint-stock companies to enjoy the principle of limited liability. At the time when tfat measure wasunder consideration, itwas stated that it was founded on the lanws alreadyin existence for the regulation of joint-stock companies, and it was also intimated that it was the intention of Her Mjesys Government to ask next session for leave to bring in bill to alter and amend the enactments in question. The measure of last session was a limited one, and on that account, if on no other, temporary in its natur The whole- question has recently undergone a thorougih review by the Government, and I shall now proceed to state the results at which they have arived. The questions wehave liowto consider are these c*-first, how shall the principle of limited liability be extended to private-yartnerships ?-secondly, in what respect may the laws to which joint-stck companies re at prsent amenable be ameneed and improved? (Hear, hear.) These are two great brncbhes of the same subject, and, that they may be dealt wth in & satisfactdry manner, it wi be necessary to introduce two bills-the one rlating to private partnerihips, the other to joint-stockeompanies. Ishaendeavourbriefyto explain th tate of the case with regard to these two measure . The law of private partnerships in Englanda h been v er y little interfered with by the Legislature; it has heretofdre been left very much as it tands in.ocmo n aw The Eat grievance complained of ia not the want ef limite .gmsh between the t*o dnodes of remuneration. Andw ifs mit far better that a --I should, be alow,fedjo_-hars the fft, 'whStever th i&t -be,- t'an to receive tr,om, the trader a aermn mount. of intercst, .whether the r rofits reuldi admnit ef its tjS.meut or not ? the ltecond bi rtedrtpaitnerships, andi isiciple aecte1 'ion ascitions; known itaded the -denomp tion o£ joinsthok cosampnies tuch aM rla ylegdock compne andtther enterprbet s in-which- l age amoount ef c erts wa investede Strange. to way, these compTnies, nsteadlofbbeingclooked uponsh beg rt natioexlpgood,baioL .been regded as public nuisas- byoroors o.law; .and lthegouh they had been recognized' by .the.ltegisla.tui'e thy were subjected sto many aeverejrzestric. tMons. The bill now introduced ould put ail Born. mpanies ontfie samLe footing, an the great principle a!: the bill was that any nthber of pesonhid were at; libest to associate, provided they gave notice of the ternn on wh ich their comnpany was formed. Tllis 6t valuable principley and he begged to renew the exprewsiosa f the great satosfaction with which he had beard this eomirehensive measure propounded by the right kon. hr. talIentS observed that the subjects whinh b,hi beegt soggested by the right lion. gentlemvn were of the higheeI importane as affecting the commereial wtelbeloag ef they whole community.r The bill passed last year wa soi errao neous in its construction, so faught with retrictions, that ie rejoiced exceingly to und d tt therighthon. gentlemaiah had taken the iaroiestopportunity ofrepeaingsit. e mrght hn, gentlemran appeared to have arsived at rust prnciples, that men shouldhe perfect free as to the conacts ther might ehooseto enter into, but it was the duty of the Legis- lature as far as possible to give the greatest facilities for ascertaining wehat those contracts were. With the prina-ple of the lir.st bil propounded by the right hon. gentleman be aro. efrcins) entirey concurred, believndg that aroper coure was take n inmovereuling, by Legislative enactment, the absurd decision in "Watih v. Carver."t He rejoiced that the time haa arrived when the rational principle would be ado p ted-that a hman sbould only have that for wtich b contracted; He thoutit be most reasonable that facilities shoild be affor for loa. The usury lw, as far as related o land, had been repealed with the weheral concurrence of the a- tion, and, having removed those restrictions as to the rate of interest, irrespective of the naturo of the crity, tit wa a proper consequence th;t'a mcan should be allowed to place his money in commerce upon the same principle. aWyIh re-o spbot to the greater measure l cating to josht-stock compwnies the right bon. gentleman had exulained itc i great ecleaness and dets il, and he r. gXalnos) waouldbea ready to give his best w sssestance to cy the general phim c plehit embodiedL. As to some of the details some difserenee of opinion might posidblg arise, and upon two ot three points he cntertained considerable doubtts, which he should take another opp'ortunity of stating.- He would Just mention that, while concurring i thepropriety of compelling each eompany to po«sess a register of its ogn shareholders which any persot abouttordealwplhthee ould inspect, he could not aeree with the ight hon. gentleman that such register siould be accepted as conclusive evidence. There might be misake, and even fraud, and, if a man' name appeaed erroneoortiv upon a register, it would be great icnjustice to render him thereby hxble for the debts of the comptny. With regars. to the eto setion of winding up, he would observe thae sice and, when the W;nding-up Act firtt passed, that measure hard cansed more litigation and more excpense than. any other subjeet of dacsson in thacourts of law, and he might add that ner had there been an act which had leor to more injustice th.ough misconception. d great portion of the litigation had arisen from theconLstruction placed upon the act by LFord Chancellor Cottenmao overruling the decision of that distingnished judge the then Vice-Chancellor tnight Braee, who had held that the act did not apply to thnose abortiv companies which had atempted to constract railcays. Ihe overruling ow that decision led to ihtigation for years i order to settle who were contributories, and aftenall the time and expelse the matter was settled upon a simple point. In the case of a company such as the measure of the! right hon. gentleman haseintended toapply to,if itwere desired to wind up, and there had beena f air and ust cre pursued, the bil, he believed, would work admirably b removing the imperfeetions whieh at present eacsted concurred fullg in the principles of the bill whieh aboteshed the right of suing individeal memoerd of eompanies, and that, when a ompany wras un. able to meet its eugag"emeuta, or delayed discharging its. iabilities when called upon, that should be taken as evidence of its being cufit to contine in operation, and sholdn render it liable to be wound up. He presumed it was thee intention of the right hon. gentleman to refer such eases to the Court ohichhad now the conduct of them, and tha.e there accounts of the assets of the company aud its liabilities should be taken, and the former rateably distributed among the creditors. He beieved the bill was calculated to produce great good, and, if the principle were carried out to the ixtent which the right hon. gentleman proposed to do, hewouldronfer thelgreatestrboonon the commercal oIm ianlity by removing the fetters which bound it and tenderingits future course intelligible and safe. w e wold not. dwell longer at that moment npon detai, but, repeatig his. concurrence with the obect of the right hon. gentleman, he could only add tht he wouid feel great pleasure in of ering his best assistance in attaining that object. anLord GODcmeICH begged to offer to the ice-President of the Board of Trade his best thankps for the measures which he hadproposed, rering o course his opmiion upoa details until a better opportunity for discssieng th-na should arrive. oLst year he had regretted theat the Liuited. Liability Act whas hased upon the existig Joint StockCompanies Act. wis views, however, were now entirely changed, and he no longer entertained that objection. The confining the advantages of lmited liability to joint. stock companies was the imperfection of the present lawr and that imperfection the right hon. gentleman proposed to remove. A eomplete reform would, in his opinion, be effectedby onsolidat-in into one statnte,as fasnowpro. posed, the lawsoflimitedabiEty and joint-stockc o ftanies, and such a measure ought not to be confounded woth the tinkering legilation which led to the repeal of aneat inthe veryfnext session after it was passed, and to its enast. ment in another and very different form. (HEear, hear.l last session he proposed an amendment to the oimited Liability Bil, that there should be no limit to the shares; of companies; he was then opposed by the Government, but he was glad to fnad they had nowv adopted his D ie. mWthout pleoging himself to the whole measure, he fet bound to give it hisnmost cordial support, believing that, when passed, it would be a worthy monument of the comprehensive statesmanship of the ri,ght hon. gentleman. (HIear, hear.) Par. Wl TESIDE aked whetthethe biln would exten to all parts of the empire s TMr. LOWE repied that it would extend to Ielapd. 3Mr. CABJ)WELL said, that knowing the difficulty, the complexity, and the extent of minute detail of the sabjects which must have come nnder the notice of the right hon. gentleman, he mas desirous to express his great satis. faction that the measure had fallen into such able hauds If he understood rightly, his right hon. friend wonld repeal several acts of Parlhament, most of which had ahetady led to verg great inconvenience and difficulty, bothin the ourts IE law ana in commercal transactions, and eon solidate the law in a single act, so as t4 give lawyers and commercial men t1te utmoatfacility of reference. The Act for tlicR-gis.. tration of Joint-Stock Companies was passed at atime wenr rmuch of the experience they now possessed had not been obtained, and it eonained many provisions of slupersbundant prudence, which realy g,ave no protection against the evils they now sought to remedy but created a fictitious securite ithemninds of the public, by inducing them to trust to Parliament instead of exerising that, aution which they alone could effectually se. is right hon. fien whoutld repeal allthe complicated provisions with regard to provesonal registration, and there would be a schedule to the act in wthich wold be contaned the ordinary forms aceordinghto which companies, wthout the iteat expense of fees or any legal expense, conld be onstituteoda Those were the most valuable proviions of the measure, because these thopornts weresecured-fit,othatany companiy could be incorporated without expense; and, secondly, that if any company adopted different rnles and regula3tions from those in the schedule nnder the act attention would be attraewd and caution excited in the minds of the public, so as to lead them to iquire whether such variation was reasonable or not. He understood that his right hon. friend incorporated the Winding-np Acts, which, though passed for a most u5nefuiI purpose, had given rise to very ex;tensive litigations and so incororated them as to take aay the causes which bad led to litigation, thereby securing to the. ubUcthe benefit of those acs without the difficulties whi&l had caused them to be readed with disfavour in the courts of law. The act passed las session with regard to limited liability was also to form part of the new schenlie of leeislation. There ws no objection nressed agamnst the I;cmated Lmabilhty Bill last sessen wInch had greater weight with the House than that it ought to be accompamied with extensive changes and consolidation of all the lawrs affecting 3oint-stock companies. He congratuLated hus right hon. friend that that objection would nowr be removed, and that the law with regard to limited liability would form part of a wvellconsidered System of legislation. It wonldbe idle to enter, at that moment, up>on any controverted points in the question of limited liability - bit, as he understood, the principle laid down by his right hon. friend ws this-that limited liability was not a matter of privilege or right, but a matter of contract and notice, and that no -iyur could be done to any person who had ful notice of liability being limited. .It was notorious that under recent legislation there had been a greatgrowth of dishonest companies, which disgusced commerce and lessened the respect of the conmunity for the law of this country; and if his Tight hon. friend succeeded in amending the whole law of joint-stock com panies, which had led to such a result, he would identify his name with a work of which any man might wel be proud. (Cheers.) Mr. J. G. PIIM ORE wished to add his feeble tribute of approbation both to the principle of the measure and to the remarkable speech by-which at had been itroduced. He attributed all the evils of the present systm to judicial legislation; and, with the greatest respect for the jds, be expre*e his opmion that they stepped out of their province -hen they Interfered iu those mattirs which more pecu y belonlec toParliament. (Hear.) Besolrtions reCoMInending the introduction ofetIe bills described by the ight hon gentleman, -were then agreed to, The House remed; the report of the resoluiions was madeand agreed to ;-snd Kr. IAOWH introduced the bills, which wer ed a first time, and ordered to be rad a econd timex onxWednesday The Howe adjourned at if-pat 8 ecock, =til7Londay.
W IAC ZONDON GAZB2'T of Friday, Web. L At the Court h t Buckingham Palace, the- 30thdar of ent, the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Councii. BUCKINGHAM PALACE JA?g. 30I* Iehia day bad audience of Her Majesy:- r His-Excellency M1onsieur Musurus,-to deliver his new creCentials as Anbssigdor Extraordinarys and Plenipotentiary from th6 Sultan;., ACndDr. Rilcid,ua ini,terResodenttfromthe HanG e Towns,. Clarendn, h.GL, H eroneof Majests SecrtWary ofSte for Xnoighthood upon William aond ogan, Esquire, Direc. tot' of the GeoIogical Survey of Canada, FORH1G1N-OFrCE, TAar. 31. Tfhe Queen hasa been pleased to app,rove ML Louis Cha. traly as Consul at Melbourne for the-Sis Confederation. DUCHY OF LANC TER, J,tA-. 30. The Queen has been this day pleased to appoint Robert Needham Philips, of the Park, Manch ester, Esquire, to be Sheriff of the rountyPalatine of Lancaster for the year ensuing. mmE PRICE OF WALES'S COUNCIL CHAMBER5 JANe. 31. Sir Rucllam Berkeley Cal, of Whiteford, in the County To CorWallte Baronet, as been aPPointxed Sheriff of the County of Cn,K .or COUJNCIL,OMPCE, WHT7HIAILm, JANg* 30. Notices have been given by tbe inhabitant householders of heborough of odaeand by theinhabitant thouseholdeon thyintenw d nto apply , fo Ehrers ofe3S inor ation; ond ther into considertion by the Privy Co onthe 6th of Mah BOARD) OF TRADE. The Committee of Privy Council for Trade and plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Her Mjests Consul at Rotterdam tbat a wreck buoy has been pl-sed about2ella tothe west of an brig sunk in the Coerce channel, which casualty was advertised in the etolainds, Sfertaa Coureant of Decemtber 3 Last. THJE COMMON LAW PROCEDURE ACT, 1854. By an order of Council, dated January the 30 Inst past, cit 97 iliand Bterk hle of scito9,e in t he therneofasexpanst,hes beeanng ofpheporntd actriof, and also Ciuty of Machester. THE SUMMLIRY PROCEDURE ACT, 1855. Bhey seneral torde in council, dated Januaryp30 lat past, HerMajesty has3 been pleased to direct-firstly, th al the provisons ertof the tuhear Provycdure ct, 1855 shallt applyr To he Conurits e of recrdetbivy e C undefr thae provisionta- the act 9Jth and 10th of Victoria5 hp nrseto l actions upon hills of exchange an p rom nes were the plaintiff claims a sm not exceedingy secndly, that the provisions of the said act shall he exeedctonte court of record of the borough of everpool, caled the Court of PDsoace, except so much of section 1 as provides for the sode of fionng the amount of costs to be endorsed on tee writ of surnonosp; and, thircly, that all the provisions of the said act, except those of the 8th, 9th, and 107th6 se tions, shall extend to the court of record for the trial of civil actions in the city of Manchester. WAR DEPARTMENT, FtA& 1. Ry Regient of Horse cuards-Lieut. Willwam Wray Hastopp rovieiost D ns, tobe Lieut., Icedun t, 185 e schanges. ldDrahe tsronGmord.-est.James Swrinbunme to be Capt., by purthse. vice nathband 10thofito p retres. Iati Drgoon -iDsnt JosephaBrunt, fromitberyal HoroeG, ardto be loiut., vice Hartopp, who exchanges. 4th light Dpraoons.-Cornet Rosbugh Lhas been pemitted to retire ror the serice by the rate of his commnission. 9th right 1)agQ0ns-Asos;ia-Sur9. Donald Sinclair Smith, from the ,91st Foot. to be Asa:t.-Surg~, vices lassano. promoted on the Staff. of0the Ligh DnacoonLeut, heory Alexander to be Capt., by pm1 ich a le.ie end to retihesr. 3hight Dmgoouis.-Coret L . W.WOS d to be Ioeut., by pur-ise, aice iia,hrt w ho retires, Grenadier Guads-Quartermaster John Payne has been permitted to retire uponan ilitae allowance. 2dt egiment of Feoot-GeorgoWashington Smith, gent., to benI by. purchase, vice . P. rhilppas promoted; George Faulkner Fa I Xacood en.tobe Ensign, without purchase, vice Smith, appointed 3d Foot.-Lieut. Leonard Sidebottom to bee Capt.. witbout purchase. Vce Brevet-Major Join Lew. whose brevet rank has been converted !'-to substantive rarnk under theRoyaul Warrant, Oct. 6,1ISM; Ersign I1 Lonei St. Auobin to be Lieut., without purchaze. vice Sidebottomn; Colour-Serg. John Cotton to he Ensig without purchase, vice St. Abin, promoted ; Ensign John Cottonl to be Adit., vice Sidebottom, -promoted. 4th Foot-B3revet lieut.-Col.J3. J. oret to he Lieut.-Col., without fadleir who retires upon fl maPay;y Capt. A. Butheraimy, DUthout purchase, vice Hoterd; Liet.A. J. Sykes 3S gent.. to be Capt... without purchase, v ice EuthofoordLent.H John 3dowe totbe-Capet. Ithoutzi pucae,oo vice Bret.,vet- ort a IL.H Dow. biggen. whose breet Jon enk . vfhase been vertedintosubstantive rank irve4slthetyauti rkoWarrant, Oct. 6,155; Ensign 3. . Bartin to he lien., ithut urcase vie Skes EnignJosjubDaniel DickIinone tSe.Liebnt. ithou purchase. vithou Bowr.hxe ieSdbe To he h sCo oNS, without purchase. Ensign Wilidam Ferrien, from the Rtenfrew Mi beia, vice Diecibnson, prromoted. The Hoan. James Wilfrid Hewitt, vice Martin, promoted, 6th Foot.-lieut. F. r. Hassard, from the 98th Foot, to be Lieut., vice Twyford, who exchanges. oth Foot.-Lleut.AMthr Oswald Richards to be Capt., without pr3 - -be,vice Brevet-Majom-Henry Ralph Irromne. wyhose brevet rank ha bee converted into substantive rank, unde the Royal Warrant of nhe 6th of October, 6, 1834 Ensign A. J. Biahan Wright to be lout., loithout purchase, vice Richards. lith Foot. -EnisignW. K. Loot to be lo!ut, by purchase, vice Ander. uSob, who retires : William Lneec Bridges, gent., to be Ensignm purchase, vice Binghram. appointed to the 13th Light Dragoons; r ovard rlortimrPelritchard, gent., to be Ensign, by purchase, -vice Loot, promoted. 6ath Foot.-Ensign ChBarles Cootin to be Lieut., witlout purchase; Coc re Leslie Bryce, gent., to be Ensign, without purchase, vice 4cbrtirl. 17th Foot-ieut. W. D. Tompson to be Capt., v,ithout purchase, vice Dyer, whoes promotion, withouit purchaosen thle r1t4th of December. 1835, has been cancelled; Ensign F. H. HartweIto be Lent.. without purchasER vice Dyer. prmoted; Enign G. D. Webber to be Liot., wnithnouit pircehaase, vice Hairwell, whose promofon with.ou puwrchase, i th ofin Novrember, Bridge5, hgsbeen cantceled; Ensign sirhese, pronmotion.l wthountpucae, en the 13th oiSh Decemer, 35-5d bvan ee 310nierld Ensiha,gent Davi Sea-sneer,fro tiy 6th Foo, tc beet lice Dyer, pro moted. 24th Foot.-Lksut. W. V. SE Csings to be Adit., vice Madden, $rvho resigns the Adjuta,ncy only. 36th Foot.-Ensign A. NY. 3mKenzle. from the Antrim Mjilitia, to be C egn. without purchase, vice Acardice, promoted. 36th Foot. To be E13oproS, without purchase. Clieent SheritT Townsend Sale, get., vice Mabon, promoted. Lyudhnsat Burton To-se, gent., v-ice Knapp, appointed to the 61d Toot. 15thl Foot.-Ensign Gilbert W,alter Coventry. from the 2d Surveyllhiti. to he Ensign, without purchae, v-Ice Vulvgorse promoted. The conumission of Astct.-hurg. IL 1m Humphrey has been anteledted to the lGtlsot M iay, 1934, .41st Foot. To ho Elestcuos, wvithout purcha e1. Ensign Caarles Wiliam Talmadge r from the Antrim Militia, che saic,k promoted; Ashton Henry Warner gent., vie Dixon. pro ated, The Christian narnes of Ensign Quayie are yitred Tileet, and 'lot Myremd Tillhet as prevnousy stated. 42d Foot.-Ensign Henry Wema-as Feilden, from the 5Ath Foot, to be Ensign, without purchase. 4itla Foot.-nsign Edward brcarrou, to be Lenut., without purChwe; Riechard Yarde Foley. gent., to be Ensign, by purchase. in succesion to LDet, Henry,p ensign Frnucis O'Neill to be Adj., uc Wod, ho esinsthe Adjutancy only. 47th Foot.-Ensign Gerald F. einr to beCLeut., without purcrase -7ohn Stanley, cent., to be Elsigm without purchase, vice King. 54th Foot.-Ensign John Stevenson to be eut., by purehase, vice Ranusay. who retires: Joehun Gladynm Jebb, gent., to be Ensign by Purchase, vice Stevenson. Euthg FOOL-Enslh'a George Pulde to be Loeut., by purchase, vice PWyalckn, promoted, 5_,h Foot.-Hensg Wemysm FeUden, gent., to be Enign, by purchas-e, vice Cockell, promtoted; William Telfond, gent., to be Ensign, Psiviout purchase, vice Feilden, appointed to the 42d Foot. W%thFcot.-EnsiHam Green Torte, gent., to be Ensign, without per. .ch-5e. vice M0r;aun. promsoted.- 67th Foot-David Seymour, gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice ltbertseon. promoted. Lent. Thomas Damuon, from the Antoim Mii. V3. to be Ensign, ithout purchase, vice Seymour, appointed to thte 27th Foot. 6sth Foot.-Lont. e. L. Fatiscombe tobe Capt., without purchase, Jim Starer, eta e George Turner lobe Lut., ithout pur} misse,vic Bttieome: nsgnWilliam Weston Tumnor, from the lid. tafford Mlititia, to be Ensign, without purchase, vice Tumor. Ist Foo.e-John Bioulderson, gout., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Tortescue, promote(L Mth Foot.-lcut. John William Poole, from half-pay Ceylon begimient to be Lent., vice White, promoted, without purhase, to an unaitached company. 7th Foot.-ident. the Hon.John Colborne to be Capt., without pur -chase, vice Brevet-Maj,or illiam ltlana whose brevet ranko t has 1icerx convertedl into gubstantlve rank, under the Royal Warrant, ett 6. 1834, EnsigndNathaniel Ford. Peach to be Loout., without urcaoe, vice the Hon. John Colborne. Lout. Percy Kirk, from the t-a.oelitlEiga, o nsign, without purchase, vicePeah, promoted. SUla Foot.-AS&lst.-S-Tg. Wililani Henry Corhett. 3LitD, from the ~Stxff. to be Asmist.-Surg., vice S1mith,appointed to the 9th light )ragEoons. N6th Foot-Arth PRow.andChute, get., tobe Ensign, bypurchase, in succeaSion to LEnut, Adanis promoted, SlthFo vt.-Taei Chriol iainlame ofEaVgnpott, appointedon the 3th VfJAnuarr. Ills, is "Wlfliam,"and not "1Jnms,"asspreviously stated. th Foot.-Ensign A. It Chute, from the 6th Foot. to he Ensign, vithout purchae ; George Henry Powell, gent, to be Ensign, by pco chase,vine Treacher, promoted. 929d Foot-Capt. D- B. Hope Johnstone, from the Dumfries alilitia, to be Esign, without purchae, vice ilvert, promoted. 95thFoot.-Iicut. B. C. Boothbrto be Cxpt. withoot vurdae, vice Brown. appointed Paymaster Of the 95th Foot; Enxdgn- V. 1lesunz to ie.Lieut., writhoxt purchase, vico Boothbr: Hen yGraathamBollord, gelt., tobe Ensign, w ithout purchase, vice Fleming, promoted, 90h Foot.-Iient. H, H, vTwford, from the 6th Foot, tobe L,ot, tic. Haserd, who exchanges; B nsin G. W. Smith, fromx the ad Foot, 20 be Enin, withourt porchaae. Rifie M*gade-Scg l.aor George llogers to be Quarterater, vice Gough, appoiuted PaymasCtr. BIMSH GERMAN LEGION. * ~~~~latJagerCorpe, To be ASSIMTANT;URGIO'N3. Dr. YerdUixund ScliiUiz&. Dr. FrAnz G. A. Fincke. lIt Light Infantry-Johm reesen to bel ut.A st IStuwscba to be Ensign. , 2d Lght anhtry.-Alextuder Descondres to be Lient.; rtied4lch GbIdnertobe Ensign; Arxbhreteson to be Enig. 3d Vaiht Inmtry-Fitedrih Schermbenukerto be Lent. ;Edward Vinard to beElsis - Leut. Iteise -itz bas been permitted to resign hls comi-. ton. BRllISH SWISS LEGION. 2d Ight Inifatry.- Adolbert TYdo Schkop,p. BRBllSH ITALTq LEGION. lot Regiment. To promotion of ent.-Co. Sir Coutta indsaY. Bart., to bear date the 9th of Jantty. 1856, in lieu of the 18th nlt., as proviously slated. Lent. Warden. Ist Bengal Grenadiers to be Capt.; ]t HaPilton Simpson, Eq., to be Faymaster, rceRtYan, deceased. 2d Regiment. Brevet-Major W. H. BeaumontddoHorny, Grenadier Guws, to be Ient.-Colonel; Richard H. iztherbert, late ajor. Rifle Brigade, to Major; Captain Acheson. late 2d Royal Surrey Militia, to be Cpt.; Rcobert Desanges, Eaq.. tobe PaYmaster. To he CIIAFLAn to the Forces, The Rav. George Lawless. MA. UNATTACHED. The tundermentioned officers to have their brevet rank converted into substantive ran.1 under the Royal Warrant of HOSPITAL STAFF. Seon John Gr=nt, from the Dep3t ^^attaUon at Wmncheter, to be Staff-Suzgeonof the second cls& ActingAsdist.-Surg. Thomaoaennedy tobe Asoistant-Sugcon. Acting Assist.Surg. John GOodrich Campbell bha been permitted to resign his appointment. To be DEPUTY PuRvEyon--C11T. I'arveyor David Fitzgerald. BREVET. Licnt.-CoL WiLliam Sadlier, retired full-pay of the 4th Foot, to be Colonel in the army, the rank beLng honorary only. To be I EuTE NeT-COLOwIiES in the Axmy. Brevet-Mfajor John Linton Arabin Simmonsr CB., Royal Engineers. Mlajor Jamnes Dodington, Carmichael 32d Foot. Major Cario Cutajar, of the Royal Malta Fencibles, to have the local and temporary rank ofDieut.-CoL William Thomas O'Donnell, gent., to have the temporary rank of Veterinnay-Surg., while attached to the Land TanBport Corps. COCMMSsIONs Signed by the QuErE. Ist or Westem Regiment of Norfolk filltia.-Thomaa Gleeson, 3sq. (late Capt., 90th Foot). to be Paymaster. By the Lon-L=ruxsmeA-r of the County of FoRrAr. Wiliam Edward Baxter. Esq., to be Deputy-Lieutenant. By the Lor.DJ-Ln A.%r of the County of Surmnr.-.reD. Robert Reid, Ese., to be Deputy-Lieutenant. By the Lou:n-LrxrErA-r of the County Palatine of LIZ.-cAsrm 4th, orDuke of Lancaster's Own (Light Infantry) Royal Lancashire Miiltia.-Barltholomnew Iloyd O'Brien, gent., to bo Ensign, vic Trough. ton, resigned. 5th Reginment of Royal Lancashire Militia.-Anthony Blake Lyncb, rent.. to be Ensig, vice Cruise, resigned. Mathew Blake, gent, to be Enign, vice Bicknell, resigned. Henry John Barker, gent., to be Ers ign. Gth Regiment of Royal Lancashire Mlilitia.-Ensign William Bagot D'Arcy to be Lieutenant, vice Roche, resigned. By the Losn-IEuEA-T of the County of RxNrew. rince of Wale's Royal RFegiment of reutzwM litia.-Ensign Charles Bisset Thomson to be lieut., vice Cunninghame, appointed to a Cornetcy in the 11th Dragoons. Abraham Thompson gent., to be Ensign, vice Thomson, promoted. By the LosB-LsmrArT cof the County of Ess=. The RFsex Rifles.-John Cottinghamn Wadling, gent., to be Ensign. Arthur Thomas Godfrey, gent., to be Ensign. By the Loan-L3UTIEANT of the West Riding of the aonty o Yonx, and of the City and County of the City of Yortr S West York Bifte Regiment of Militia.-John Arbuthnot Goldicut, gent., tobe Ensign. 4th Regiment of West York 31itia.-Ensign the Hon. Herman Stapleton to 9o 3ient ice Jones, appointed to the 5Sth Foot. Walter Fhlnip WaLhc, gent., to be Ei Beny Chayter, gent., to be Er;sign. 3ustace W. floeby, gent, tobe E MiEMORANDUM. Commnision cancelled, the 21d of June, 1185. 4th Regiment of West York 3Iilitia.-Anthony B. Lynch, gent., to be Ensign. By the Loan-LIEUTEY&NAT of the County of BEaXS. Royal Berks Afilitia.-Samuel ELarrison, Gent., to be Ensign, vice Staves promoted. By the Loan-Ir.WIEXLNAIT of the County of StOw . West Suitolk Regiment of Xilitia.-George Cohyer, gent., to be Ensign; Henry Bloody. gent., to be Ensign. By the Leonan-Liff sncyT of the Coumty of CA Crtroarb Cambridgesbire Eilitia.-EnsiLn Arthur Harris Reevestobe3Lientenant; Ensign Wiam Philip bewton to e lieutenant. By the Lo3n-a-LmTErAlTr of the Coumty of 3oiNto=rr Royal Monmouthshin Light InfantryRegiment of 3li3itia.-3dward. James Tyler. gent., to be Lieutenant. vice Clifford, resigned. By the LORD-LTEutEANT of the County of GI.AroRGAc . Royal GLimorgan Light Infantry Mii2tia.-lclmy Hammond Spencer, gent., to be Eansign. By the Lorn,-LrEu=mvnT of the County of DoBV. 2d Regiment of Derbyshire Militia.-The Hon. Edward COvendish, to be Ensign, vice Davies, appointed to the Turkish Contingezit By the VfcE-LEurTENs-A?T of the County of PEP.TR: Royal Perthshire Rifle 3Mfitia.-Licut. Wiliam Condie to be Capt., vice tohbertson Williarson, resigned. Byt the LoiaD-Lxsu'rgrrA%Tr of the Couinty of MnnimlEsm 4th or Royal South Middlesex Regiment of hlitia-Raymond South Paley, gent., to be Ensign, vice Golding, promoted. By the Lor.-LBENTAM;Nor ot the Cotmtyof XoiRFor:sy. Ist or Westem Regiment of borfolk Militia.-Roberb Carter, gent., to be Ensign. 2dorEastemrRegimentofNorfolk -iNitia.-Fnsign Charles Frederick Allen to be Lieut., vice Wood, promoted; John arners Freeman, gent., to b3 Ensign, vice Allen, promoted. The followingappointment is substituted for that which appeared in the "GazetteI of the 14th of December.] Signed by the Loan-limu Tsr-essr of the County of Notroal. lst or%Vestern Regiment of Norfolk 1Militia.-Frederick Thomas Tegart, gent., to be Ensign. The following place has been duly registered for the solemnization of marriages therein:- Free Methodist Cnapel, Louth, Linooinshire. PARTliERSHIPS DISSOLVED. IBW. L. Dickinson and B. Swithenbank, Bradford, Yorks3lre, wine merchants.-Lillywhite. Brothes Prince's-terrace, Caledonian-road, manufacturers of cricketing goods.-Hunt and Shaw, Manchester. silk brokers.-F. C. Holloway and J. Hicks, Grosvenor-place, Commercial-rood East, linendrapers.-3. L Pamell and F. Pucsridge, Strand, patent lockmanufacturem-W. H. Hill andCo., Birmingham, woodtumers.-Richardson andCobb, Uttoxeter, attorneys.-F.Streng and Co., Mlanchester, commission agents as far as regards B, Owen. brug-Lewrellin, Truman, and BitchoeCe- Wood-street, Cheapsido, 31anchester warelsousemen, and Nag's Head-utcour Gracechurch-street, wine merchants- as far as regards B. Lewein.-H. Ward and W. Hunter, Atnerstone. surgeons.-T. Renton and Co., Leeds, mlllwrights-J.Roper andP. Holdsworth,Bradford.Yorkshire delvers. -S. Webber and A. Barrett.Brighton. milliners.-J. Cartv igistandJ. Wash, Birmingbmr ironfoundersa-I. Jaonbsand S. Towers, Mansell-street. Goodman's-fields, looking-glass manufacturere-J. Beswick and W. Gaskill, Manchester. cotton waste dealers.-Grundy and Barnes, Heywood, Lancashire, coalmerchants.-W. and P. Long, Mlanchester and elsewhere, tanners.-1.; J., and T. Taylor, Oldhan. cotton spinners; as far as regards T. Taylor.-AL Thompson and F. Webster, jun., Kendal, architects. -Mdulelly and Dann, Forest-hill, carpeters, DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDENDS. A. ElswoodL late of Chard, Somersetshire, money scrivener-a div. of 7s. li!d, any Tuesday or Friday, at Mlr. Hirtzel's, Exeter. J. Bronson, Liverpool, hosier-first div. of Is.6d. any Wednesday, at Mr. Tumer's. Liverpool. J. L. Ward, Burnley. cotton spinner-first div. of 4s. I2d., on Tuiesday. Feb. 19, or on any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr. Frasers, M3an. chester. W. Scales, Whitehal near Chester-le-Street, paper manufacturerfirst and final &v. of 4s lid., any Saturday, at blr. Baker's, Neweastlenpon-Tgne. F. Younger. sen. Sunderland, buiider-first and final div. of Is. SdL anpySaturday, atlifr. Baker's, ewcastle-n;con-Tyne. J . 0. Hloimes and Y. Ii Mtarshall, Sunderland, timber mer'ehants-. fourth div. of Is. &L. in addition to 4s. jd. previous2ydeeo3red, and second div. of s, 6vL in arodtWiorn tohI<,teeiarede in the separato estate obJ. 0. hlolmes, any Saturday, at r. Baker's, NeBcastle upon- T. Ivmsdeno South Shields. ritebuildes-filrt div. of Ss. 6dr., anY Satudnay, at rr . B ,aker ablf oewe ustle.upon-T ale. T. Adamson. S Jndera cnier-fiort div. of at, 2d. on the seolaate estate, any Saturday. at Mr. Baker's, roesatlie-upon-Tone. G. Xevey. Birno insbamd goefer-iirst s ig . of 5, alryThuroday, at.a. Christie's, Birmingham. BANRUPTS. Hfenry Fbei]. Staveston-rowv. Wailworth-roid, tea dealer, to ururender Feb.12,at half-past 2 o'clock, March 17, at 12, at the BanlroptC ' Cout: soliitor. bMr. Overlsbmy, Frederick'- place, o0dJers aofiicLal assignee, M1r. Edwards, Sambroo,-cort, Bssinigbali-set . JoCha Whoolbred, JermYnstreoet, tailor, Feb. 12, at 2 o'cock, MarcI II, at half-past 2, at the Pankruts' Cout: M olicitor, fr. Conl1 Tokenhouse-yads; official assignee, Mlr. Iee, aindernanb.ry. ' George Crosey and James Steel, mhillwal, timber merchants Feb. 3;at half-past 120 'dock. March 29,Dat 12,sat the Bankruptso Court: molitors, Mfessrs. Inlhater andeackood, 6se- ane*; officialaseignee 3Hr. Pennels Guadnlhall-chambers, Basinghall-street. Charies Williams, BMile-end-road, tea deaer, Feb. 8, lareh 14, at 2, o'lock, at the Bankrupt'Court: soliitor. Mr. Mlarshall, SoankCollege-gardens;* official assignee, hlr. Whitmore. Basmghail-street. Ed gar Crowe, Colchester. shoemaker, Feb. 8, at un o'ock, March15, at half-past 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, hlr. JE, Southampten-buildings, Chancery-lane, anit Colchester- of cidal srtignee, J,lr. Nicholson. Basiagha-Mtreet. Sahomas aeslington, Bingham, stsawr dealer, Feb. 15, MIarch 7, at at o'tclc, at the Birmingham District Court of Bank. ruptcy: solictor. Mlr. WFebb, Bisiningham; offlcial asinee, blr. Bitsleston, Birmingham. B ichard Gill and Henry Edo. St. Thomas by lau oeston, Comical], builders, Feb. 13, Mlarch 12, at 1 o'clock, at the E-xeter District Court oI Bankruptcy: solicitors. MIesEs fumey and Lethbcidge Co vlard, Launcestem , and M. Stogdon, Fxeter; offiialassignee,Mr. Hirtael. :Eseter. Frederick Roberts, Wrexamu, flour dealer, Feb. 13, MSarch t0, at U o'clock, at the l.lverpcol District Court ot Bankruptcyv: soLictors, MIessrs. E:vans and Son. Liverpool; of ficall assignee, 31r. Caze,oe, LiverpooL James Lamar, Wasrington, sictualler. Fob. lt, March 4, at 12 ocldock, ot the Masnchester Distict Court of Bankruptcy: soliidtors, Mess Marsh and Bagratt, Wacrington; official asignee, blr. Pott, bIanchestlar. Samuel Bayley. bIacelesdleldL cotton-spinner. Feb. 14, Ma>rch 6, at n1 o'clock, at the MIancbester District Court of Bankrptcy: solicitors, blesrs Cenliffes and Bury. anhester; offical asgee, bIr. Herulman, MaLnebester, Joseph Dixon Sewvell *nd Thomas Pattinson, Now\caatlo-nplr.T>e. chymists, Feb. 13. at half-past 11 o'clock, bSarch 17, at lt, at the lTewcastle-rpon-Tvne District Court of Bankrtuptcy: solicitcs, te s, BelL, Brodertcr, and BelL V Bow-churchyd andMesr Charter, New. c^astle-tupon-Tyne; offical assignee, Mr. Baker. Nscasotle-upon-Tyne. - ~~~~DIVIDENiDS. Feb. 22, J. Brown, Winchester, carpnter.-Peb. 22, F, W. and W. IEster, Great Queen-strcet.Lincoln'sinn-flelds, jewrel caae makesa-Yeb. 25;, B. French, 8' Maz'sterce, Walicorib-roa, atatloner-Feb. timber merbn.-c, 2,JGoe,tadevlp maker.-7Feb,2 W. Eelev.Horsepatb,Oxforoshirebuitr,-Fob.25 (G.Ricb,IAg,Lnaa (asbice, joinsr,-Feb. 2, .1'. Dsvue, Machetr. rachinist,-Feb. *21.0t. susricss, lYsexssui drayflr-Feb. Yf2, , Tgetretal, .iverpool eomn mmu=t.-Feb. 2 Z. liey Chte. chil e b tTzylor, Oreden, Yorue, womried xmner.-Feb. 2 J. Smitu, L,Dw Moor.yohh e worstedopier-Fe .25, J. Boweman, Tiverton, ;6c=.-Feb 3. Beown. WeSMooth. Doeectshire, lesther seller- ob. A W. T. T. B TotneF =ale-Feh 2S. W. ID. Bdler, E Beter. ironfeouder. CZXI ATEStobekamtedulem causebeohowmto theooeimm on the day of meetlng. Feb. 23, W. Thomag. Catherine4teet, Strand,publaher.Feb 22 A. Gibson Yloyd's Coffaeeoua% undwrwriter.-Feb. 22, P. Bose, Bbewrch, baker.-Feb. 26, A. Glen, Piccadilly. hotelkle2Zer-Feb, 23, J. F. ihalm, 8t.AIbanS. strw pti dealer.-Feb. 2 W. Barker, un.. Hmp.tedAoad, bmewer.-Feb. 2Z- J. Gonger, 13bdu Southwwrkl,oieusedTctullr.-Feb.25, 8. H. Ranford, Lewiftam, livery Nekeeper.-Feb. 26, W. H. Smderc, C ,Car= ine merchant. -FeLb 2?, 8& Mweek. XndeamebtFeeber.-.e. 22, A. B. Fry aunder. Globe HBbteaF GX d,. ld WL dodro-Y Cur. 2 2,Geroauld, BihminFham, StaIelNlew . Stetb B. e BIrt L DandW H ort d,Eam mrcamFb JPAMi, TAn ndnr1treb4J. Sm ith, Lot M.oor. Yorkahire. vrorstedsSne2.-FZ J. Bepty. Leeds, wvoollen ar mann!a SCoTOHS EQU=TATION8. A. Matt, Glagow, ine meud nt, Feb. 1S, at 12 olk ocks at thC e GlobeHAotel. t;:nr. W. WaddellL mnaerchant, Feb.13, at 1 o'clock, at thel druggis d t, Feb. II at 2 o'clock, at Mr. Maka' inu A. Watt, Glasgow1, irontounder, Feb. 16, at 12 o'dloc}, at the Globe - W. Tait. mdee, bhaer, Feb.12, at 1o'clock, at the British Hotel, Dundee. TH3I CORN AVERAGES. I General Weekly vA.erareceivedin thawreekended.Tan 20rIO r-- T= =W C: of bro-wm or iUroaogga,cmuedfo h teweek endigte2t fJnux,eeoioo Cotom_' gdutiespaid or payable thereo on the 3niportation thereof Fr=theBrishposoorsinAmei ca .. 27 dperc. Fior the mArittnus 30 S FromtheEast][ndies ........ .. .. 22 3 The aveoge pnrc of the hree foregoing de- WdptiOn!0,angarAj0tPq compu aDore 27 Si By .thor tLofParliament , HGuy Bcx-E., Fe,LClerk of the Grocers' Company.
THE ROYAL ABTILLERY. TO THE EDITOB OF THE TMES. Sir,-A general, though somewhat vague, impression seems to erist that at least some progress, if not a greit deal, has been made in advancing the efciency of our military departments; that with a consolidation of the Ordnance and the Horse Guards a more defined responsibility has been obtained; and that, in one way or the other, age and unfitness have been put aside, and younger and more active energies brought into play. Permit me to point out how little this has been the case in the Artillery, and how corpIetely that arm is still under the same antiquated rule wbic contrived so long to impede its improvement. By doing this it may help the country to formi an idea how itas that the expenence of one war is so often lost at the commencement of the next. The facts I have to give apply principally to the Staff of tho corps, and to those heads of some of its branches upon whoso energy, talents, and fitness the efficiency of the p3ersonneZ of the regiment, its discipline, instruction, and its wellbeing as a military body, most materially depend. The Mlaster-General has been done away with. The Horse Guards has ruled the Artillery for some time,and what is the state of things now I There isthe Adjutant-General, the real head of the arm, who has held the appointment for the last la years, and who is now 77 years of age. How much longer ho is to remain no one can telL The Deputy-Adjutant-Generalunder him, looling, if anything, moro venerable than his chief, is 64. They aro assisted by a third officer, as is the rule of the public service, who is at a working age, but one who has never seen a shot fired, nor hadone hour's experience of much value during his whole career. The Commandant at Woolwich garrison, whose duties are, or should be, of so responsible a nature, is in his 74th year. The Inspector of the Foot Drills of the regiment is, rather strsncely, a Horse Artillery officer, and not less than 64 The HAre Artillery is a sinecure; the inspection of drills is nearly so. The whole thing as at present conducted would be laughable, but it tends to raise that skeleton in every family, the taxgatherer, and is, moreover, one of the causes of the many scandals of the military profession. The command of the field batteries is held by another Horse Artillery officer, who is 65 or 66. He holds two goods things at once on the good old principle, and seems, from the time he has held it, to have a life interest atleast inoneof them. TheInspector of Atillery, anableofficer inhisday, is rather over 70, andthe superintendent of the repository, whose duty it is to see to the instruction of the corps in everything relating to the working of heavy ordnance, to the mechanical powers for moving and mounting them, and to the constrction on a limited scale of military rafts and bridges, is but four or five years short of that patriarchal period. If artillery officers are not exempted from the laws which affect the rest of mankind, and if age is any drawback to the effective and energetic discharge of important and arduous duties, these figures speak for themselves. Most of these officers have been moving about since the conclusion of the Peninsular war from one appointment to the other, takiiag little or no share in the foreign service of the corps, and skipping with wonderful facility into employments the most opposite, and often requiring entirely different knowledge and quahlcations. The superintendent of the repositorymay be said to possess the most versatile talents. It cannot be merely his near relationship to the Commander-in-Chief that has qualfied him to go from a troop of Horse Artillery to a place in the carriage department, thence to the laboratory, and, lastly, to his present office, the duties of which differ from those of all the others. Th question forces itself, if he had been the most capable man only, and had no interest, whether he would have found himself in any one of them? I leave it for the consideration of those who have the remedy in their hands how far a military department can be deenied efficient so much of the government of which is in the feeble hands I have described. Hitherto it has been much felt in the Artillery that the good thinas in its ranks have been the sole property of a favoured few, aud that, however abundant zeal, talent, andprofessional knowledge may have been, the rewards and notice which should have encouraged and promoted them for the public advantage have been a close monopoly. As if nothing could go right, the latest appointment has been that of an officer to the tmselled sinecure of an aide-de-camp to the Commander-in-Chief, whose active career, intelligence, and thevigeurof whose age would have better qualified him for the Adjutrant-General's department; but he is free from routine and not head-quarterbred, and might therefore be dangerous. T-nt Sr -nr- -nl4 --nJ. a- -, A SOLDIER. London, Jan. 31
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The board of guardians for the township of Manchester feel reluctant to again intrude upon your columns on te sbjet oftheeduatio ofthepauper children be. longng o Mnchste, bu asMr.Erone,the lnspector of Schols,has epeted is tateent inTeTimes of the 2Stcof J,anuary,thats paupeSr chldren are "detained by hundreds at the Mranchester workhouses," gvng the date to whihs statement refers in thefow ord et counted on the 17th of September 150chlrnpenta the examination in the Mlanchester wrhue n 3 children present in the Canal-street3workhouse on the 20th of November last," they consider some reply due from them. Tho guardians are by no means disposed to admit that Mr. Browne's figures at all help him in his statement that the children are detained in the workhouses alluded to by "hundreds." An eamination of the hooks of the M1anchester workhouse shows that of 150 children p resent at 31r. Brownes examination on September 17, 39only had, at that date, been inmates three months; while the books of the Cana1street workchouse show, -at November 20, 37 out of 139 as having been inmates for that period, making in all 76, instead of " hundreds," inmates for three months. Another ilustration of the error in the statement made by Mr. Browne as to this alleged detention of children may be seen in the fact that, of the 150 children examined by him at the Mancheste 'workhouse on September 17, 16 only wer present at his examination in Fear3uary, seven months provious, while during the interval 186 children had been sent from the workhouses to the sehools at Swinton. In order to furnish some idea of the constant changes occurring in the population of our workhouses, it mayhbe stated that from the commencement of the current halfyear, in October last, to Saturday, the 19th inst.-a period of 16 weeks-the number of children admitted was 1,070; while the number discharged was 1,037 ; to 'which must be added the number who may have died. The guardians dlo not wish to trespass further on the coIumns of The Timee, as they consider what has been already stated is proof sufficient to convince any practical person of theo absturdity onf afttemphrtiing to keep suc amschool of pauper children, whichis zeaUywhat 31r. Browne appears T A _|, ,A AAA A- _ _ MEW -E-LA R--R--OP--. Clerk to the Guardians. roor j.aw-omces, iew ismage-sreet, 51afcCesre, Jan. 3L
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Wllt you perm,, me to correct an error in your otherwise excellent reort of myspeech on the Address? With -reference to thoe linen manufactures of Forfarshire, I said, not " -that s and factories had been closed," but that when war was declared we had a prospect before us of "mnils and factories being closed."I Contrary to our expectations, and so far from such aprospet having been realzed, the linen trade of Scotland has lately enjoyed a season oft une2xamapled prospeity ot~Ltlstsnding the effects of the -W. E. BAXTER. Feb. L
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am Teported to have given notice of " a Bill to TrAnsfer the Testamentary Jurisdiction of the Ecclesiastical Con!rts to the Courts of Common Law." I added " and to the County Courts," which is omitted. -I hould be obliged by your irsertinga paragraph correcting the error. T n ;wotlAn e i :9. Y. COLLIEi. Tcmplc, Fnday. 7 fAdvertisement.1-e} Landmulk3 of English History," rceIs. 6d.. isjust a ok that was mnuch want 'Her MMetWa org f Schoola in their ruort muctibl it asleert wFli.ith'1out romise of fidelty; and htumorous. wherehm ou suitable, witmout a scoff. It Is eketchyh as 113 title indicates but, th aod. unaffected, occsionally nsiing into poetry; antho Ibooh- thoroughly free from cant. It is the oeMeat aRproximatlon to a; wor!ck on Engih history that was much wrluted."-ofln udorY. geor ledgt ana Go,, Ya 911-Itytt. .
NEW NOYELETTEs.*- The fundamental ca;nonof thecirculating libraries is in these days set at nought, for novel writers and novel readers are no longer condemned to their inviable three volumes. In fact, a three-volume novel promises shortly to'become'5s scarce'as a five'act drama. 3Here are five of them, for- example, the merits of which we seek to point out, and which just fill a volume apieee. Not only do they develope a catastrophe in a space which would formerly have brought the lover only to the door-bell of his intended, but they have each 3 distinctive theme to work out, irrespective of the customary matrmonial conclusion. It is still more remarkable that they a61 of them have dispensed with this conelusion. There are no wedding favours-no bridesmaids; all the heroes and heroines go away disappointed, and most of themto theparadise of "blighted beings." If we hadcleisure and space we should like to investigate the epidemic cause of this excessive mortality. A Lost Loe records the fate of the first of these five couples, who together' furnish materials for a new Loe's Labour Lost, and, to speak truly, its record is very engrossing. It is, to our minds, the best of the pentade. Its analysis of passion is subtle, though its plot is too symmetrical. Its heroine, Georgy Sandon, jilts her intended for a Mr. Ersldine, wo had a previous attacment, which revives inopportanely to her own disappaintment, With womanly delicacy she absolves her lover, and with womanly patience marries, mopes, and dies. We do not attempt to quote a book which it would be unfair to quote, because it is consecutivo and consistent. It makes no points but the one pointof being readable throughout. My First Seoson appears to be written (the phrase is "edited") by the author or authoress of CouzZt1rparts and Charles Auchester. It shows increased skill in dealing with an inferior conception to that of either of these works, especialy the latter. Tho workmanship has more vigour, butthetranscendental enthusiasn, which was so delicate and fantastic, suffers from its hardihood. Nevertheless, the ideal element prevails, and invests in this instance the person of a Polish exile. We despair of doing justice to the Pole's vitues and graces, and so confine ourselves to the subordinate characters. Of these Lord Ailye, the cousin and for a time the guardian of the heroine, is the most conspiemrus. His health is delicate, but his theology is over. potent. His awful sense of the vanity of earthly things imposes a fearful burden on all who surround him. He locks up the family portraits and throws the key into the Castle moat, becamse he insists that all beauty is vanity. He allows of no lookingglasses even in the bedchamber of his fair ward, and he never goes to town because he durst not rix with the world. In short, he is a fanatic bordering on the lunatic, but'considerately dies early, and so enables the heroine to have a season in town under the auspices of 1ady 3arres, her relative, and also a devotee, though tainted with duplicity. The latter, with her aristocratic pretensions, is sarcastically sketched. She is ostentatious of her piety, ostentatious of her hands, ostentatious even of her fair white feet, which she loves to display bare in her satin slippers. She strives to marry the heroine because she is in her way and seeks to confer her, first on her own dissipated son, then on a Lord Mayfair, then on a pet parson, then on a; susceptible poet, on any one except a LordNormanville, who chvalrously adores her, but whom, with supreme tact, she appropriates to herself. The heroine is a reluctant instrument in her various speculations, for the fascinating Pole, in his eapacity of tutor, has filled her with literary and pat iotc aspiratons. She is therefore simply solicitous (so guileless is the female heart) to marry his sister to her cousin George; andc her design is accomplished. Her "first season," as respects herself, ends inconclusively, which we complain of, because we have a sneaking admiration for her; and we wish the authoress next time better luck with her pnrotigges. There is considerable talent in her portraits, as witness the following of Lady Barres -- ."Lord Normanville, who had, in coummon with most milit and all naval officers, a most invincible Eropensity to indulge women, even in-theirwealmess, wssasiting upon her ladyship witvh every assiduity of affection. He soothed, he petted, he rallied,-he seemed to think her circumstances the loveliest that can invest her sex; and at last he succeeded for the ti ne, and I was allowved to ga dov.nto dinner. But, oh ! the evil eyes which peered into my bedroom that uight; though sweet smiles graced the lips, the passion which spoke in soft words vwas of such power that I shook beneath them like a reed! But thougl Lady Barres bent she could not break me: I would not tell her where I had been. I endured ' in dogged silence,' as she called it, her inuendo, that pierced as the thorn beneath theroseher soft sneer, that melted like sweet poison in the reinsthe su""estion of infamy which her accents set to music. I could' only thank God that no one except the ghost of 3raria Thleresa knew where I had been. However, though I told her I would perish before I revealed my secret, I took care to assert any own innocence; and begged her pardon besides for an act of disobedience, which I confessed. " I do not in my heart believe that Lady Barre3 wouldd have cared whether I had done right or wrong, prudently or indiscreetly; she was only desperately curious: itmaddened her, as it maddens many a mere woman, not to be as well acu.ntecd vith the affairs of another as is thlat other hersef She went to bed at las--or rather she left my roombecause I pretended to be asleep- and next morning it suited her to be very touchingly ior'iving, all tenderness again- she even begged my pardon for having hurt my feelings tne night before." The authoress has also attained greater freedom in grouiping her characters, as, for instance, at the dinner party goiven by her cousin George:* "George's dinner was one of those-auspicious but dull occasions when the rdations of a lady who is about to be married mecet the relations of the gentleman she is about to marry; therefore, however superior, the comnpany was small and select. Besides our brilliant selves, there were present, of Lord lNonnanville's connexions, thefollowving:A long-fingered girl, whose gloves rocked upon her arms, Lord 1Nornanvillo's wucle's daughter and ouly child; the uncle, a duke in his dotage, who could not feed hianself, not being present. The horrid Hugh do Brabazone. Hugh de Brabazone's mother's sister, a seraggy hag in velvet, decofletZe, who rattled awvay like a schoolgirL Her husband, a rch eommoner, with a bhody like a rolling-pin, and using a ear hutmpet. Two young men and two girls, a nest of orphans, cousins of Lord Normanville, wvho was thei gusadian,-the young men shy and underbred, the girls underbred and told, but all rich and born without the average of brains. " Of Lady Barres' counexions who graced the table their ore the Dow ager-lunchess, no near relative, but what the bnde-elect called 'a christeanng cohnexion'-that is, her son's godmother; Lady Barres' aunt, an envoy's wife who had left her husband abroad, and returned to England with two daughters whom she had failed to settle ot there, trusting-though her worn face negatived the idea she cherished-to settle them over here; her two daughters, with yellov amlds, in white satin, and her son, whose father had secared him an appointment in a foreign city, and who, having disgraced himself therein had been by its athoritiesn forwarded to his mother country. tLastly, a clergyman of rank;, wo had married the eldest daughter of the envoy's wdife; he as, however, a idow er, and though he was to have the honour of performing the ceremony which should turn lady Barres hto the Countess of alormcmnvlle, he made at her such melancholy grimaces that it was apparent he would have preferred the prart of bridegroom to that of priest. In revenge he drank much wine, smiled upon lis a and rsted the younger Ladies present with subal e andifference. wasaepat rentes-uld is so far like tdhe foregoing that he, too, is brougfht pep in the bondage of fear by an austerely religionts maiden-aunt. The latter, on whom he is dependent, insists on his entering the church, and on his refusal abandons himn to hsli own resources. But his energybears him upwards through privations and difficulties, and he at length becomes engaged to Helen Leigh, the niece of a William Graham who has greatly befriended him. He is deeply attached to her, and is looking forward to their union, w;hen his contemplated happiness is destroyed bya revelation of his aunt that there is madness in his family, and that she herself had foregone a inion with William Graham for that reason; Gilbert makes it a point of conscience to imitate her resolve, resigns his pretensions, andffies to the backwoods, while the remainder of his history depicts in strong but mournful colours his victory_ over hir- seif, and partial recovery of his peace. - Helen 'marnies his schoolfellow, Noel Forester, of a more facile and flexible type than Gilbert, and the latter returns to be n witness of their happiness, and to bless them in the sombre fervour of his subdued spirit. His story is well recited, buit it is painful to read It wants relief, and is peculiarly objectionable on account of its paraphrases of some of the most solemn portions of Scripture. It 'is, at the same-time, too consistently serious for light criticism, and too gloomy and monotonous to be 'freely praised. But it shows, in1 a literary point of view, undeniable talent. I - Clarinda Singleha-, on the other hand. 'is one of those graceful little stories, -by-the author of MaryP6i"l4 but'more graceful even than its fellows. Tho heroine is first gdiscovered at Chelsea in onoof those antiquated brick edifices with stone drnssings, 'steep roofs, tall narrow windows andado6rs, wvith ieavycarved architraves, andwhich arefamiliar to the explorer of the Chelsea river frontage. 'The: quiet equable gentlewoma coreponds with the scene where she: tends a sick mother and comfurt .a disappointed brother, and where her plaeid charms procure her an offer from that brother's college friend, Burrell. This offer she accepts. Her m- conscious brother taLes upon himself to relieve their servant of the duty of poSting, her answer, and forgets his intention. Balrrel], inthe meantime, interpDrets silence as prejection; and while Clarinda waits, doubts, and desponds he marries another. Clarinda beats her cross in secret, and, upDon her mother's death, aecompanies her brother abroad, quietly helps to support him by her pen till his prospects are bettered, and at length becomes5a ministering angel in the parish to the living of which Burrell presents hiin. On setting the parsonage in order thle source of her unhappiness is revealed to her-.- "She somewhat idly took np what lay uppermost, to satisfy her curiosity as her maid had done hfol her: -t was ineed the cost +Yilim haPd ldd aside to go into new mourning for his mother; and out of the pocket fell two or three letters. As Clarinda picked them up she observed with some surprise that they were sealed. She turned one over to look at the address; it was in her own hand, di. rected to John Burrell! Bow long she sat there on the ground, to which she might otherwise have fallen, she never knew.. " Then John Burrell had never received her acceptance of his offer I John Burrell had waited for it in vain! John BTrrell had endured all the pangs of hope deferred, snspense, misgiving, the fever-fit of impatience, the chill-cold tear, disappointment, anger, despair, wvhich she hadthought| ondly her own porton !John uerel woud not have mared his present wtife had he received this letter! The story of what their lirea might have boeen together starting up before her like a picture broulght tears to her relief. She:' wept bitterly." " Cliarinda shed no mnore teas She remalised cast half recumbent on the grorund, her armus listlessly resting on the trunk, the letters lying in her lap, a sensation at her heart as if a cord were tightly tied round it-the very image of* despair! 'She started when the clock strmck one. A man's step, teo, was on the stair-theunconscios aauthor of her woe, having had a soud, refreshing nap hn his armchair, was coming up to bed. Withashiver she roseat oncefrom her self-abandoning posture: there was a feeling of repulsion in her gentle heart-for the first time inl her life-against that guileless brother. She did not love him at all at that moment; exceedingly disliked the thought of the next sight of him; felt she mulst show her resentment in some wayspeak bitter wrords about household trifles-be cross, unpieaant to himf! a"His foot has reached thelast stair. 'God forgive me' she says to herself; and tears, heaven' own dew, moisten her burning eyes. She goes to her window. Those holy stars that have shone over all bunsen troubles since the first awfttlmnght after the Fallare shining all above-and there, too, are one or two pale, untwinkling planets. '0 Lord oulr Governor ! how excellent is Tynamne in all the earth!I Thou that hart set Thy glory above the heavens! When I consider the heavenss, even theworkof Thyfingers, the moon and the stas which Thou hart ordained-what is man, that Thou so regardest him? the son of man, that Thou visitest hims? " '0 God, Thy will be done,' thotughtshe, 'on earth as it IS in heaven 1' And, hastily gathering up the letters and pushing aside the box, she threw open her door just as William approached it. crying, 'Do come in for a moment, Wiliam and help me to admire Sirius.' ' She put outt her light as she spoke, and he left his in the gallery and shut it out. They stood togethler in the dark at that old oaken window, with its deep window seats and sniall l02enge-nanes, looking out in perfect silence, he vith his arm round her waist." Burrell afterwards settles inher neighbourhood, and his wife dies, but the author warns-us that there is nso clumsy catastrophe impending of a marriage late in the day between an elderly spinster antd a widower. He has too iine a sense of the delicate chord he is touching, andof thesweetharnony-which would be thereby marred. His volume, therefore, ends with an explanation, but without a reversal' of its previous tenour, and the artist, if not the moralist, may close it with -satisfaction. Clarinda may be too calm and quiet for some tastes, but she is tLue to herself, and to the fancy which conceived her. Her counterpart has been painted by Stothardt, chiselled by Flaxman, and chanted by IlIrs. Hemans, and of such we may anticipate is the kingdom of Heaven. We speak it not irreverently, but we desire to mark her sphere. The sphere of Paid Ferroll is of a very different compass. He is a murderer with the usual circonstamtes afftenuantes. On a July morning, fragrant with flowers, he stabs his sleeping wife behind the ear with anatomical adroitness, leaves traces of an apparent robbery and of a murderees escape, and himself passes out of his front door quietly to an early meeting wfith a tenant. The reader is only let into the secret through the medium of his suspicions, and is therefore open to representations inl Paul Ferroll's behlf. In the firet pLace his deceased wife was exceedingly disagreeable. Her death reunites him to a woman he adores, from whom by some plot of the defunct he had been estranged. Paul has a literary taste, a poetic temperament, and, except on the wife question, a scrupulous conscience. He takes measures to shelter the innocent when accused in his stead. He considerately withholds his guilt from his sensitive wife. For 18 years he declines all invitations to society, lest he should leave a painful reminiscence to his county neighbours. He refuses a promising alliance for his daughter on the same ground, and when at length an aged woman is about to be hung for his crime he shatters the domestic happiness he had found in retirement to rescue her by voluntaiily avowing his gilt. When his friends successfully tamper with his gaoler to procure his escape from his condlemned cell, he is so sensitively averse to a breach of trust that he menaces his preserver. At the saue time, this monstrous embodiment of incongruous scruples is represented as a man of iron energy and audacity. His local duties are discharged with superhuman 'vigour. He expends himself exultingly in the service of his brother magistrates, of cholera-stricken paupers, and bewvildered housekeepers. He is the Richelieu, the llinos, and the Howard of his county; yet all the while he is liable to an indictment at its assizes " for that he did feloniously with a knife or some other sharp instrutment" an act too atrocious for a ticket-of-leave man. The greatest marvel remains to be told. This complex prodigy, with his absurdities and i' consistencies, does interest us in a remarkable degree, elicits our admiration if not our sympathies, and is regarded to the endwith a feelino of solicitude. The same kind of sentiment is evoked by the victims of the ancient liemesis, and partly for the same reasons; the spirit in which they energize is heroic, andtheir crimesaredepictedby thehandof creative genius. We are the more ready to canvass the strange moral of this story from deference to theremarkable power with -which it is written, and which is more remarkable still if its author be a lady. "The author of IX Poems, by V." (such is her designation) is eminentamonghersistersof thepenformany of the qualities which distinguished the authoress of Jawe Byre. There is the same definite theme with its solemn under tone, the same Doric breadth, and Spartan vigour. But the application of these gifts is singularly perverse and monstrous, and calls for an inunediate protest. To -what account is Paul <erroll's crime so forcibly represented if unaccompanied by punishment? He loses the woman for whom it was committed after 18 years of happiness; he himself escapes to Spain with his daughter. Is it a suficient penalty, is it any penalty at all, that the object of the crime should be lost and the criminal otherwise be unscathed? If the burglar is unable to remove our plate-chest, if the thief hands over the produce of his petty larceny, is he to be thenceforth exorerated? Is legal justice in his case, or poetic in that of Ferroll's, so easily satisfied?9 If the latter is permitted to pluck his gorapes henceforth in the perfumned. air of Anda. ltsia, justice is frustrated, purposeiswanting, fiction is folly. The plea that the scaffold would he too ig,nominiouls is not even admissible, for the artist was not reduced to this alternative. Her art may be imperfect, but her moral is without excuse. Ve ought in conclusionto give a specimen of her sldll. We must premise that Lady Bartlett, one of Ferroll's neighboeurs, has been alarmed by a series of letters threatening arson, which have been brought tohervwith symptoms of trepidationbyher butler:- ".' I think,' said Mr. Ferroll, when ho had shut the door,. 'that the butler himself-vrites the letters.' "'Why so!' cried LordEwyas, startled. 'It is bome in upon me,' answered Mr. Ferroll, smiling. ' More little circumstances than I can remember or detail brig me tothat conclusion.' "'And do you think-thathemeams in harmbyit?' " ' That I don't Inow; he either acts the alarm which he shows in order to cover his design, or else he is g9ig mad, and is hamunted bythe idea of-mischief, and impelled todo it.' "'He looks ill,' said Lord Ewyas. V'Very; and much worse this evening than I have seen himatall. Iamsurehemnstbo.watchedto-lnight.' - "Lord Ewyas grew uneasy, but M-r Ferroll turned te ceuvel-sation, and. qgmtQd his great eeCl' p:WCers to en, "'A Lost Lavc. By Ashford Owen. Smith and Elder, London, 1855.7- GilbeitMassin~er. B i Holme Loe author of 2ihorney Hall, Mande Talbot. Smith and Elder. ondlon, 1855 MYfyirst &ason. ByBeatriceReynolds. tditedbj 15 e aulthor of Counterparts and Charlas Auhester. Smith ad Elder. London, 1855. SoM* Account of -Carin4a Singleia,e. By th6 &uthor of Atrari, Powel. Hall,Virtue,and!Co.' Londop, MPatIdFcvroll.. A Tale by the author ~ x~~~ ' hueompanion's interesand attention. They both beame eager in discoaurse, and Iord Ewysew immptient, whegtle. door was opened, and DIcdey, the butlei,, entered the roomi without a summons, and advanced towards the table, as i£E expecting to be spoken to. 'Did you ring, my Lord? hs z&led. " 'No, no I did not ring,' he said; 'I-thouAht the fellow was siick, ani could distrb nobodyg and then he continued the argument he was snaMtaining against er. Ferroll; butt they had not lon6 heen eugaget in the animated an in. te controversgy before fdley again interrnupted them, a, Mngsome tring alteration inthe table, evident;y ;witedforan opportnityf e,eidel" " ' What is it you wat?P sud Lo- Ewyas, impatiently. - I Why, mv Lord, if you'll gne me leave to speak, EF have a matterf vei7much wislh avice upon.' "'Can't you wait till to-morrow morning? " e'eally, my Lord, I cant very welL It's about these letters to mty lady, these threateniig letters-so Ihear ther are, at Ies. 'Which you write yourself? said 3M. Ferroll "Which I wite? said the butler, turin upon hi7 -eyes of the deepest perpiraity, ' DolIwrite them, do yeq think, Sirr " 'I ksnowv you do.' "Who told you?t s"aDid lley. - "s' Oh, one told me wiho cannot be mn,aen.' "' And did he tell7ou relly that it wabs Ir " ' Yes, positively. " Well, that is what I never have been sure of mvsdlf, for -wben I see them, and take them up to my lady, they O.,htdn le n a stmnge way for a ml£ o wrtiDg to "'Why do you write, then ? asked lord lwyws. "'Why, my Lord, its partly all about that matter that r came to talk; -with you gentlemen. Do yon know, that for nonths past there have been people coming into my roont %ithout any leave of mine. They used to be quiet enoug, but of late theyhave grown troublesome.' "'Who are they? said lord Ewyas. "'Why, there comes a good many I know, and some I don%t know; my late master, my lady's husband, is the foremost. He will come and sit down close by me, and tell metowrite tomy lady always these same words-"In a day you don't look for it, fira will consume yoU." I havo conjured him ahundred times to tell me if he comes frora Heaven or from hell, but he always shakes his head. "'That might give rise to unpleasant conjectures,' said Mr. Ferroll. 'Xow you Lnow who told me.' " 'Ay, Sir, I thought so; though I wonder he came t you. 1 never saw him, nor any of them, when other liv-ng geople were in the room, before to-day. Was it to-day, " Mr. Ferroll shook his head gravely; and, evading the question, inquired, 'At what time was he with you? " 'I t was when John and Henry and I were laying the cloth for dinner.' " 'Didtheyseehim? "'No, I asked them, and they said, "No."' "'Nor he r him? "'No; he would not speak, only beckoned me with lim.' "'But then he spoke ? "'Yes, yes; and I thnk I mnust do it.' "'Well, rm not clear that it is right.' "'Thafs what I sometimes think. myself; and r- kneeled by my bedside hours andahotrs, asking God, and praying till I have not known my head from my heels. But its all dark there.' " ' Poor fellow ! said Lord Ewyas. "IYetit'sagreat thg, myLord,to have the company of spizits; and the last hour or two I must say rve beem easier than for a long time, and that I think is a sign that rve got leave to do it.' ' I It may be so ; but you came like a wise man to con. sult us on the subject,' said Mr. Ferroll ':From what he said to me I think younre mistaken. Did he say precisely these same old words? "'No, no; worse -wvords-worse.' "'A y, indeed, I thought so. Sometimes I've known those spirits make very strange blunders; and with respect to -what your old master orders, I advise.....' -"Icae'ttake it, if you advisengaiastdoingit,' inter. rupted Didley. " Why not!v I "'Why, partly because it's alreadv done.' "'What's done? cried Lord Ewyas. "'The house is on fire,' said Didley. " ' G-ood heavens!' cried Lord Ewyas, staring up. t nBut Didley, spriging to the door before him, fastened it, and set his bask- against it. ' Nobody shall hinder my work,' he said. 'I knew ton would talk to me while my fires were burning; and af he had not gone and betrayed me to one of you . ..... "But before he could finish, Mfr. Ferroll sprung upon him, and tried to force him from the door; but Didley was armed, and drew out suddenly a large knife, the sheath of which was just inside his coat. lr. Ferzol avoided a fatai thrust; and seizing his a, said, 'Is this the way you treat yourmasters friend? "'Nobody is his friend that hinders me doing his com-. mands,' said the madman, his malady brealkin out at this sudden excitement, and strogglmg withthe violent strength of madness to regain command of the weapon. " There was now a contest, which was plainly much to the disadvantage of Mr. Ferroll, his antagonist being armed, and his mind beyond all the usual motive of controL It was not only strength that was needed, but there was tho necessity to avoid even a faint strolie of the sharp, gleamtog knife. MEr. Ferroll saw the disadvantage. "' wCome,' said he, 'you're in the right. You must do as you will; loose me,'-and all the whilehalf kept n powerful grasp of the maniac,-' and I won't hinder yonI' 'HSear that,' d Sied Didley. "' I swear.' " '4ain-a5g,ain! " 'Well, v ell, I swear; but it's all right. you see. Don't youl smell the smoke youlrself-you've done it.' "ITn fact, the burning smell becanmeperceptable. "'HEa! you say true, Sir,' said Didley, and turned his pale face towards the quarter wlhence it came; his iron grasp still held Mr. Ferroll; but Lord Ewyas perceived only the apparent relaxation in his pmposs, and thinking the danger from him passed rushed towards the door. '1 `You've sworn falsely,' cried Didley, brandishing his knife, and straining again his vigorous hold; 'my master shall be obeyed ' and again he sought to make a plunge. " 'Good Heavens ! there he is,' said Mr. Ferroll, suddenly relaxin" all his resistance and fixing his eyes upon the door. " 'Where? cried Didley, thrown off his guard for a moirent. That moment was enough. 3Mr. Ferroll closed upon him, and threw him down ; Lord Ewyas sprang to help. They snatched away the knife, and now, notwithstanding his struggles he was soon overpowered. " In another minte two of the servants, who had heard tlhe noise, came rushinm to their assistance. 'So far, z* good,' cried MIr. FerrolL ' Come, my Lord, there's the second act yet ;' and they both ran to fmd the sources of the fire, whose smoke began to roll through the house:"
UNIVERSITY INTRLLGENYCE. nn-APn I7, 1 The election of a member of the Hebdomadni Council to replace the Provost of Oriel, retired from ill-health, took- lace this day, between the hours'of 2 and 4. It had been ought that there would he no eandidate but the Dean of Christ Church. Late last night, howrever, an oppostion was announced by a paper circulated in Conmmon mgr> which suLggested the MXaster of University as a fit person to the electors. The result showed that th is su;nestion had. had weight with a certain number of members of congre tion, the following being the state of the poll at the close For the Dean of Christ Church . 74 For the Master of University. 45 Majority... ... ... ... 9 In a congregationto be held on Tnesday, February the 5th, at 2 o'clock, a forn of statute will be promnulated on the duties, stipend, mode of election, kc., of the Professor of 'Music, and on the exercises to be performed for musical degrees. Thestipendof the Professor is to be 1001. per annum, he isto giveatleast one public lecture in eacht term, and he is to be chosen in future by h board of electors consisting ofthe Vice-Chancellor, the Proctors, the Head3 of Christchurch, St. John's, Magdalen, and Now Colege, and the Professors of Geometry and Poetry. Some new, trmngements are also made with regard to the Choragus and l>zecentor. Disputatiouswill takeplace m the Divinity School on Tnesday, Eebuary 5. lhe opponents and respondentsare the Rev. Harris Smith and the 11ev. J. A. Cree, both Fellows of Magdalen. CM£MRTIDGE, FEc. L Saum's PMsZEMN-. L Ds. Hadley, St. John's College. 2. Ds. Rigby, Trinity College. The Vice-Chaneellor gives notice that there wll be a Congregation to-morrowv (Saturday, the 2d inst.), athalfpast 1lO'clock in the forenoon, to appoint adayfor the election of a buress to serve for the University in the present Parfliament, in the room of the Right Hon. tenry Goulburn, deceased. The Vice-Chancellor requests the Pneledors of Colleges, in accordance with the grace of the Senate passed lMarch 26, 1852, to send to the liegistrary, on or before Saturday, February 16, a certificate of the date of admission of all candidates for the ClassicalTripos (except of those whose rnaes appear in the list of honours in the Mathematical Tripos). - and of all the terms which they have kept, signed and sealed as usual by the Master of the College or his loczcm t4crenr.
TO THE EDITOPR OF THE 27TES. Sir,-The article in yesterday's Tiv= headed "a mp at Aldershott" contains the folowing in reference to the fira annihilators supplied to the camp:-" Fire annihulators and mioveable fire screens are kept alwamys in readiness. - Onthe occasions referred to (two firespreviously3mentioned) the amnhilators were found of little use." I beg a space in your columns for correction and explaation. The fire annihilators were used omly at the first of the two fires. Thcy were of little use at such first fire, because the " charges' had been spoilt by two months' exposure to the weather in an open oalyard. Our repr sentation had been made to the uthor,ties of the nece.sit of protection from damp and of the consequenees of a lect, but no covering was provided for the penrod nani Or recommendations and representations had been aimi. larly neglected in other respects, but the explanation giiea above stLfficientlvmeets the statement of your article. It is but. justice, however, to theAuthoritics tostate that the representations of the directors of this ompny ames the occurrence of the aire hate received a prompt and lib attention, and that arrangements are now nderthecon sideration of the authorities fo: giving such repeatation's fulleffect. . - . v!- --131.-E. OURTL% Secretay. Office of the FireAnm±uIor vompany, 105, LeadenhalUst.ret, Jan. . - - Aroma- '-uAiH.----The foUowing are the rames of gentlemen Mvho passed their examination the science arnd practice of medicine, and Teceired oert¶fio&te6 to practise, on the 31st oE Jrnias7 *.-Williahi Xirb jin.,. Hedons, near 111l, Yorkshire; James GEodwi, omse~ I3ta; and JAwAS>tt Q;1dbuigal9Wbt. ..~br~
LONDON, SATUPDAY, FEBRUARY 2, 1856. The House of Lords met at 5 o'clock. Rx M.Ajmxs's answer to the address was brought up, and read. Lord L'YNfJH}RST gave notice that on Thursday next he should call the attention of the House tothe recent creation of a peerage for life; he should state the terms of his motion on Monday. Their Lordships then adjourned. In the House of Commons, in reply to a question put by Mr. V. Scu.Y, Lord PAMrSTOxNo said it vwas not his intention to propose or to take charge of a Tcnu&its' Compensation (Ireland) Bill this session. On the motion for adjournment, Sir J. PAKUGTON inquired of the Home Secretary what were the intentions of the Government respecting the future support and regulation of juvenile reformatories, dwelling upon thle magnitude Hwhich the question had assumed and upon the inconveniences incident to the existing state of the law upOl the subject. Sir G. GRE- acknowledged that the subject was one of undoubted importance; but, as the experiment was in course of trial (the result being so far satisfactory), Parliament, he thought, should have longer experience of its operation previous to further legislation. MIr. Mmns pressed for an early consideration of the subject. After some observations by Sir S. NORTHCOTE, Lord R. Guosvxmos, Sir W. JoLIrFPJ, Mr. Mn-Es, Mr. ADDMMbY, and Lord R. CEm, the subject dropped, and the motion was agreed to. On the report of the committee on the Address, brought up by Mr. BrwG, Sir J. PAmGTo, cordially concurring in the tone which had been adopted in the discussion of the preceding night, complained of the omission in the Speech fron the Throne of any reference to the important subject of national education, and insisted upon the expediency of reconstituting the Comnmittee of Privy Council, and of appointing a respobsible Miister of Education in that Rouse to superintend the administration of the giants. Sir G. GREY said, although the subject had not been. adverted, to in the Speech, it had inot escaped the attention of the Government, and a bill would be introduced into the other House to extend the existing means of education in this country, includingthe appointment of a responsible Minister of Education. MIr. BENmcx commented upon certain views and opinions expressed by Mr. RoxBucx in the debate uponthe Address. Lord J. Russ=, reverting to the subject of national education, justified the course he had proposed to take upon the question. Re rejoiced, he said, at the genem tone of the discussion upon the Address, and he trusted that the exertions of our troops would benoticed by a vote of thanks, showing that the House appreciated their noble devotion. After a few remarks by Mr. RoBBUCx, in reply to MIr. Bmimcx, the report vas agreed to. The Rouse having resolved itself into a committee, Mr. LOwE moved for leave to introduce two biUs, one to amend the law of partnership, the other for the incorporation and regulation of joint-stock companies and other associations. He explained the state of the law regarding these matters and the changes proposedby thebills. The object of the first was to remove an impediment to the adoption of so much of the principle of the conmt2andite system as would not violently disturb the existing law of partnership. The other bill contained addtional provisions for the regulation and control of joint-stock and other associations. In expounding the views of the Government with reference to the restraints upon these associations Mr. LowE adverted to the principles which should guide future legislation upon this sulbject and that of incorporation, wrhich he considered not a privilege, but just as much for tho benefit of the public as of the company incorporated. The principle of limited liability, he contended, was freedom of contract and the right of unlted association. The law of nlimited liability rested ulpon two groundstamely, that it insured the stability of a company, and that it prevented fraud; but M~fr. LowV; in- sisted that it did not secure either object. The. onIy safeguard for the State to adopt was, in his opinion, to arm courts of justice with efficient. means -to stop extravagance, securing, at the same time, publicity. The bill would repeal the Winding-up Acts, the Joint-stock Companies Act, and the limited Liability Act, and substitute new provisions (which he explained), compulsory and permissive, for the same objects. In deference to the opinion of a select coumnittee, the bil would not apply to insurance companies. Mr. CoLLuE approved the measures, which, as he understood them, were of the right sort, founded upon definite and intelligible principles. Mr. M.niNslikewise expressed his satisfaction at the measures. The same favourable view of them was taken by Lord GODESICH, Mr. CARDWE, and MIr. J. PnxnLmoxt, and the motion was agreed to. -.The House adjourned at half-past 8 o'clock until Monday.
The omission of the United States from the Qu'es Speec, provokes the criticsm of Lord Dmzu;, and may possibly be a source of someadditional bitterness on the other side of the Atlantic; but probably the 'United States were well left out, for -there is nothing that we: could say about them just now that is likely to ple'ase.them. For our 6wn' sake, 'asiell as hers, 'we- could most sincerely wuish that .the&machine of government, in the Breat Eepublice worked a'little more smoothly, and-was not so apt to get clogged in some places. and stimulated to 'violent and destructive action in. others. - Differences- havo arisen, as they will arise occasionally between the best friends, between us and the American PRepublic. War, always odious and destructive, would be against such an enemy a tholnsana. times more revolting than against.. any. -other. To sweep her conimerce from the seas, to destroy heir navy, 'to ravage her seaboard, -would be feats- neither difficult nor dangerous to a-Power with such forces as Great Britain now possesses, but little would be the honour and heavy the loss of this suicidal triumph. We are Unwilling to fight, not because wve fear our enemies, for never were conditions of combat more unequal than those would be between Great Britain and the Ufnited States at this mIoninnt, but because We cAnnot bring ourselves to reggard them ad, enemies at all. When LuCAN spoke of a more than civil -war, he must surely have alluded to such' a' wiii as 'would be waged' between Great Britain and North America. The parent devastating the fair inheritance of the child, kindred hands employed in rooting out that prosperity the increase of which has overflowed in a tide of riches into this island, are subjects too painful for contemplation, and from which the mind of every EnglishJman turns aside with unconquerable disgust. Let us have war, if need be, with any other nation, but not with those coloinies-the proudest historic monument we possess, the most enduring memorial of Anglo-Saxon greatness. - Yet what can we do, and how avert that vwhich this extraordinary nation, or those who have at least the legal right to speak in its name, seem to he determined to bring upon us°- Were the whole attention of the wliole pubEc mind of America bent upon the question, we might hone for a- satisfaction and reconciliation; but what is to be done with a nation wlhich is drifting heedlessly into war with a people possessing a splendid army and the finest navy in the world, while it posscsses, in truth, neither the one nor the other? A few thousand soldiers scattered over an immense continent, and vessels carrying in all about 500 guns, are literally aIl the resources vith which the United States confront the enormous fleet and welltrained armies of England, about to be set at liberty by the impending peace with Russia. If we were the aggressors-if, taking advantage of the enormous disparity of our forces, we had been meana and base enough to foroe a quarrel on an unoffending neighbour, no words would have been sufficiently vigorous to reprobate our conduct; but what is to be said when a Power utterly helpless in military and naval resources insists on fixing us with a quarrel which we have as little power to avoid as it has adequately to carry out ? We find, indeed, in America an Executive Government, whiclh is ready enough to exchange defiance Nith us, but that Government is on the vcry eve of its dissolution, and is -well known to be using a quarrel with Great Britain as a means of courting popularity for the coming elections. WVe have a difference with it witlh regard to certain places in Central America and the interpretation of treaties relating to them. Whether we are right or wrong in our view of the case we will not stop to inquire ; at any rate, we have adopted the most conciliatory step in our power, for we have offered to leave the quarrel to the arbitration of anyimpartial State, and to abide by whatever award may be given. America rejects this offer, and continues the argument, which a succession of letters and memorials have worn completely threadbare. Mleanwhile a band of pirates, issuing from her own shores, seize upon a portion of the disputed territory, and, so far from repressing their outrages, we find the naval forces of the United States engaged in assisting them against the authorities of the State which they have invaded. Our offers of an amicable reference are refused, and armed violence, seconded by the forces of the State, is let loose to seize by force that -which we in vain beg them to refer to friendly arbitration. 'If we turn to another cause of quarrel-the enlistment in Canada of American citizens for the English service in the Crimea, we find a quarrel intemperately urged and vehemently pressed by the American Government, notwithstanding our disclaimer of any intention to violate their municipal laws, and our offer of the amplest satisfaction to the offended dignity of the States. Amends more than enough to satisfy the offended pride and wounded sensibility of any private gentleman have been offered to the Anerican Cabinet, but offered in vain. Tlhey cannot be content wlith satisfaction unless it be attended -with humiliation, and require tllat ve should withdraw our deservedly popular Minister from Washington as an expiation to the injured dignity of fhe Union. We trust that this rash intention is not finally determined on, or, after so flagrant and unprovoked an insult, it may be long indeed before Washington will behold another representative of the Cabinet of St. James's. But let us appeal from the Executive Government to the people, and see whether the representatives of the community will support the Government in forcing upon us, in spite of offers of satisfaction and appeals to arbitration, a qualrel to us most unwelcome and unnatural, and to them assuedly most disastrous and calamitous Alas! the representatives of the people can give us no answer. They have eyes and see not, ears have they and hear not. They have met together now for seven -weeks, but they have concerned themselves with nothing relating to the public except fruitless attempts to elect a Speak-er. The American press, to its honour, raises its voice against this state of things, but raises its voice in vain. In the anarclhy and suspension of all the functions of government into wlhich the country has fallen the Executive seems emancipated from all control, and disposed to use its power to drive things to a point at which, though the reason of the 'country may condemnn, its patriotism will be bound to support -then. -The situation is becoming every day more critical, and we must await the result vith a firnness inspired by a con- nience in our ownstrength,, and the knowledge that we have done and will yet do all that a pacific and honourable nation can do to avert the catastrophe which seems impending, not over us, but the nation that has surrendered the care of its honour and peace into such hands at so anious a moment.
One must dive rather low into hxunman motives to get at the fourdation of the conmnercial prqiudices .described last night by the VIcFPRF-SMFNT of the BOARD of ThAmE. The law of partnership in this country has hitherto been, in the words of the old proverb,- " In for an inch, in for anu ell." It was assumed as a matter of course that most people, on going into any business or commercial undertaling, would be glad enough to gi just so far and no further. Of course, if a man could put himself in the way of indefnite gain by a moderate stake, so much the better; but the very wish to do so was thought only the dictate of a corrupt nature. Generosity, fairness, and honour required that a man should risk in proportion to his chance of profit. But, what was more important, the man who did riBk- his all ;tlu'glht it -eryhard if others dia not doai3 much.-There is noprinczile'that aamits of suchgross perversionuas-that of fair-ness, At school it is not fair in a boy to do ntyverses when the rest of the class have agreed to'- the average of a dozen; nor is it at qall fair to exhibit a more than average propriety, of language and demeanour. In trade. it has hitherto7 not been fair 'that people should assist one another to carry on a business unless they run'the sani risks'as-eteryb6dy else, or even greater iiskf, in consideration of their greater advantage. 'When a man conducts his `business alone he has only his own foRies to answer for hn !Lere are a hansermy foe; but whII there 'dozen partners h ybeat the mercy of any one of them. That might' have suggested that a large partnership was so far a condition of greater uisl, and that each partner might theref6re reasonably be excused from risking:his all on the integrity and wisdom of a dozen partners. ~ But no; ihe jealousy' of private partnerships and single traders has always insisted that everybody who can be made out a trader shall be liable to the same pound of flesh as the rest. "Drink deep, "or taste not," has been the cry, inspired, as it was thought, by eternal justice. Could any shift be imagined by which a man might aUleviate his risk, he was 'thought to steal a march on his fellows,: like the pilgrim who boiled i the peas his penance required him to put in hiis boots, or the man who occasionally prefers a gap in the fence to a five-barred gate. Everybody may have heard partners, sleeping partners, unknown partners, poor old ladies, young gentlemen, and otlhers of a condition to deserve pity, described as shifty because they wished to risk only their 10,0001. or so expressly advanced. Of course; iwhenever the opportunity occurs, they are eagerly seized and despoiled by creditors to the last farthing, not only. as lawful prey, but as victims at the shrine of immutable justice. The old lady who one morming finds herself not only minus the 20,0001. left nunder her father's will in his business, but a penniless outcast, and the young genitleman who was a Cambridge Wrangler one eelek,. and a bankrupt and a beggar the next, without in the least knowing why or wherefore,, only adorned the shrine at wlich they were immolated. Trade is a craft of that sort that a man must be made free of it, and the process of adoption, it would seem, must be painful and degrading. It must take as much of a man's liberty and substance as can be extracted from him. Arl this -was thought fair. Evil was called good, and good, eviL It was wrong to wish, as most people privately did, to trade with a limited risk, and right to make everybody. put his foot into a comumercial enterprise as deeply as possible. So far, indeed, has this feeling been carried, that not only angry creditors, but high legal authorities, have disputed the propriety of allowving marriage settlenients, under any circumstances, to stand against bankruptcy. That they should be allowed to do so is an extraordinary witness of nature against the general rigour of the law. It appears that in this case we do allow a sleeping partner with limited liability-limited, that is, to the amount reserved; and, whatever may be the opinion of a few crotchety lawvyers, no person of common humanity would object to the practice. The object of the proposed measures is simply to reassert the law of liberty with no more than the usual securities against fraud. In the nature of things there is no reason vhy half-a-dozen persons should not subscribe their thousand pounds each to carry on a trade, or a hundred persons their pound a-piece; or any number of persons each as much as they can; and the law, which last session was timidly amended, will now leave people at lhberty to do this. Certainly it was tinie for it, -when it is considered that witlhn the present generation three hundred millions have been invested, and a large proportion of it thrown away, in one particular forni of commercial enterprise with limited liability-the construction of railways. Indeed, the mismanagement of these companies and the utter incompetency of the shareholders generally to protect their own interests betray the very wealness in our commercial habits which it is nowproposedto amend. We boast in England of our self-government, our powers of combination, and our representative system. It is trae that as politicians we may lay claim to these things. But in trade our boast has hitherto been individual enterprise, rather than association and self-government. Our commercial authorities seem to take for granted that it is quite impossible for any number of men to conduct a business together, to watch over the proceedings of their officers, and secure their honesty. Thus it was lately urged by a correspondent, in the very face of what takes place every day in the United States, that it is impossible an hotel could be carried on by a company, inasmuch as no body of men counld concentrate sufflicient attention to counteract the negligence or detect the fraud of a manager resolved to defeat them. It is rather remarkable that just at this moment the shareholders of this country should be entering into an organization to do that wlhich all Englishmen were supposed capable of doing before, and which it may fairly be supposed they would have been able to do, had they been accustomed to commercial association. In France the principle is better understood; the power of selfgovernment is more developed, and, as a natural consequence, railways are conducted at two or three times the profit that they are in this country. No doubt, where responsibility is much divided and spread, it is apt to be weakened. The law, too, must have its means of enforcing the fulfilment of obligations, whether the contractors be one or many. A law that seizes not only the property, but the person of the debtor, that lodges him in prison on the slightest evasion, and punishes him as severely as if he were a pickpocket or a footpad, will not shrink from confounding and chastising the more recl;ess dishonesty of a commercial association, if need be. The crimes it wil hare to deal with in these instances are rather the malversation of the offlcers than the extravagance or dishonesty of the shareholders. The latter having deposited their shares and chosen their managers generally confine their ambition to a good percentage. It is the treasurer, the directors, the lawyers, and other officers who, are apt to speculate on the funds left in their grasp. This is the sort of offence the law will have to deal with in the case of partnerships and large companies with limited liability ; and wve have little doubt everything will be done to protect a sound principle and a salutary reform from the scandal of giving a new occasion for commercial immorality.
Towards the end of last session some words fell from the lips of a legal member of the House of Commons somewhat in disparagement of the Hoise of Lords as a final Court of Appeal. The indignation of one or two titled lawyers wans extreme; but the bold commoner did not want the sympathies both of the public and the profession. The recent outcry against inefficiency seems to have had its effect, and when it was declared that the House of Lords was inefficient as a Court of Appeal a remedy was souglht . in an undoubted. though long unused prerogative of the Q0x. It is well kmown that Sir JAxEs PARE has, on retiring from the Bench, received the dignity of a peerage for life only. As lord WzsLNYDALP is bId, and witlhouit a son, it may fairly be presumed tuht it was intended to create- & precedent which im in smilar casesbe oftenfollowea-S6me -uf. nion has taken place on this subject.; and, thoiA we believe the act h3s given satisfaction genersally, yet there have been criticisms and complaints, as if the downfall of all that is modt veie.rable was at hand, and tie SovwaoN had infficted a blow whiich democrats had been long waitipg fort Now, we are not inclined -to give to the recent patent the importance which its aduirera or- denouncer. 'have seen in it. No man can calmly- believe that in attack haz been made upon the principle of hereditary peerage, and that the Eouse of Lords of another generation will be, like LouI Pn=rs Chamber, an assembly of self raised politicin joumalists, romance Zriters, ad men o£ soence. For good or evil, the one hereditary Honae is an inatitution whichmust belongto this country as long as its political life is prolongedc, unless, indeed, the lapse of time bring with it changes greater than can be conceived by men of the present day. If some enthusiasts have rejoiced in the prospect of an organic change, or some timid partisans of immobility have seen symptoms of a democratic food, they are both equally deceived. If the precedent be folIowed, it wiL, we believe, only lead to a necessary and most useful reform, carried out by the readiest mearns, without abuse of conatitutional powers, to remedy an acknowledged defect. In the first place, the grant oflife peerages in certain cases may be said to be somewhat of an aristocratic measure. No defender of the House of Lords Can assert that its dignity is increased by enrolling in its numbers peers the -wax of whose patents is still fresh, who have no historical associations to give lustre to their names, who want that wealth which is necessary to found a family, and whose descendants in the second or third generation may be unable to support the dignity of the peerage. Within the last 30 years the greatly increasing legal business of the country las led to an augmentation of the number of judges; the bar has more than doubled its memlhers, and the number -who rise to eminence and aspire to the highest posts is fourfold what it was. Ihe House of Lords, both as a legislative and judicial assembly, has felt an increasing want of menihers learned in the law. WlV e the House of Com-. mons has practising barristers by the score, theliords must rely on the four or five agea Barons who have successively risen to the dignities of Chancellor or Chief Justice. It is not as in ancient Rome, wlere the study of law was the first and most necessary part of a patrician's education. The chiefs of our great houses know little more than is necessary to frame a lease or commit a poacher, and must leave the decision of the great causes which come before it in appeal to the desultory attention and failing energies of a few men in the decline of life. As for the oaly Chief Justice who is now a peer, it is notorious that his time is too much employed for him to give frequent attention to the cases brought before the House of Lords. The many changes of 31inistry have indeed made a largae addition to the number of ex-Chanceliors, and. before the death of Lord Tuxpo there sat in the House four Lords who had borne this dignity, ivithout counting the actual possessor. Thus for 30 years we have seen the continual ennobling of new and by no means wealthy families, in return for services to the State far less than should give real claim to such an honour. Wnatever complaint the profession may have that the high distinction of ennobling a family is made more diflicult by the new precedent, the House of Lords as a body can have no reason to repine at a change which gives them the eminent father, without burdening them vith a succession of undistinguished sons. But, though we have had so many new peerages, there has been farfrom a furl supply of Iegal peers. As we said before, several of the number must alw,ays he considered as in that last sphere of life when quiet and retirement are necessarv; and, though on great occasions they may speak well and decide justly, yet they cannot be ex-pected to devote themsel7ves to regular labour. Hence a fresh burden is thrown on the CRA-acEJzm, who sits with perhaps one law lord and a layman as a court, and a decision in the last resort is pronounced by an individual, perhaps on appeal from a tribunal where four or inore equally able men have given their judgment. It requires but small acquaintance -with the manner in which this, the highest Court of the realm, is spoLen of by practical lavwyers to convince any reasonable man that the time has come for a thorough reform. That the Barons of England should form the highest trilunal in the realm sounds pictuaresque and romantic, but if the institution is to last, it must be so strengthened as to ba made reallyadequate to itshigh functions. The Government can, of course, alwa.ys find lawyers willing to taLe an hereditary peerage, but it cannot be doubted that a most eminent class of judges shink from laying on their families the burdensome honour. It is said that the late Chief Justice of the Queen's Bench was among those who would have preferred a peerage for life; but the Ministers of that day were unwilling to deviate from a practice which had been universal for so long. At the present time it is not difficult to name several whose many talents would give reputation and authority to the Upper House, but 'whose good sense would lead them to resist any offer of hereditary distinction for their families. We trust, then, that the limitation of Lord WmxsimxnA2's title was meant for a preceient, and that the precedent will not be long neglected. The House of Lords, if it is to remain a Court at all, must rank even higher in public esteem than the Exchequer Chamber or the Judicial Commlittee of the Privy CounciL For this purpose at least six or eight of our most eminent lawyers, in the full strength of mind and body, should be among its members. Let it no longer be a matter of consideration whether a man has children or is lkely to have them. A life peerage has been accepted by one of the most distinguished of living lawyers, and we feel no doubt that his position vill be as high in the assembly he has joined as if his title were to be transmitted during twenty generations. No one need hesitate to receive a dignity on the same terms as Baron PAREE. We trust that the late patent nay be the first of a long series, and that we may see the House of Peers illustrated by a succession of eminent jurists who will give a new title to respect to the body which counts them among its members.
The history of the Yightingale Fund, from the frst moment the subject was broached until the present time, is that of a hot fit and a cold fit. We all admirecl-we all felt proud of 1IiS NIGRTIGALE. An Englishmans heart beat: quicker when he thought of this Idndly lady as she glided along tho dark, dismal corridors of Scutari HospitAl, with their stenches, their groans, and their abominations, literally scattering resigna. tion anfd comfort around her as she passed along. If the committee had wanted a'stitue, Or a stud of racehorses, or a countryhouse for Misi -NTIc . GIau,, they' might have 'haad it for the asldng-anything, in short -which w .culd havc Bupposed acceptable to the lady -whom we all sought to honour. It is needless to esayTthaE Miss IMIGHTnGAIE was not the person to seek the gratification of na idle fancy. As our real desire was to show her respect, the only method of doing so in an effectual-mamne was to place- at her disposal the means of doing more good. Any
SECOND: EITION. - THE TIMES OFF!IE, Sahrday Mnrning. TAEH PEACE PRELIMAINARIES. (Br SU:ARINE AND BETLI VXBGRAP£X) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent PAW SATURDAY, FE. 2,8 A.M. "The Moniteur announces that as the adhesion of Russia to the five propositionspresented by Austria, with the consent of France and England, will serve as peace preliminaries, Rsmsia proposed the signing of 'a protocol at Vienna, to enregister the adhesion of the contracting.Courts, and to declare that the Plenipotentiaries shaU meet within three 'weeks for slgning tho preliminaries for the conclusion of an armistice, and ior the opening of general negotiations. " The English Government hid selected Paris for the seat of the Conferences. Austria has consented to this choice. " The Moniteur adds that the protocol, enregistering the acceptance of all the parties, was signed yesterday.at noon, at Vienna, and it was decided that the Plenipotentiaries of the Powers which are to take part in the negotiations shall be at Paris before the 20th of February." EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter' of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. :- I have to correct, or rather to add to a passage in miy letter of Wednesday, -with reference to the conditions on which MI. Nesseilrode declared in his despatch to Prince Gortschakoff, -which reached Vienna on the 23d, that he accepted " purely and simply " the Austrian propositions. I mentioned that Russia required that no territorial concessions should be exacted from her beyond the rectification already noticed; that she should not be required to pay the expenses of the war, and that in return she would undertake not to reconstruct the fortress of Bomaraund. The conditionstoheraccepiance of the' Ultimact1um were not, it seems, confined to the above. M. de Nesselrode requiredathat the protocol should be signed at Vienna; that two of her Plenipotentiaries should be present at the Conferences in Paris, when the preliminaries should be signed;' that directly the preluminaries were signed a general armistice should be proclaimed, and that the general conditions of definitive peace should be afterwards discussed and signed at Paris. These points, I beleve, thmEnglish andFrench Ambassadors thought it necessary to refer to their respective Govern. ments. M. Walewsld, as Minister for Foreign Affairs of the country in whose capital the conferences are to be held, will preside on the occasion. The Plenipotentiaries are expected in Paris on the 20th. How long the conferences will last is not stated with any degree of certainty, but in official quarters it is believed that the whole business will occupy at least six weeks. Some surprise has been expressed at the delay in signing the protocoL It was reported some few days ago that the signatures had been already fixed. This is not the case; but I am assured that this preliminary formality would take place to-day, and, indeed, that at the moment I write, it may be considered as afait accompli. The names of the Plenipotentiaries I have already communicated, and they remain the same as when I wrote. Of the Ottoman Plenipotentiary I can say nothing, as up to last night the Turkish Ambassador did not know whom his Government had selected. M. de Nesselrode was most desirous of representingRussia on the occasion, but it is said, owing to strong opposition on the other side, his wish will not be reaized, and ABL. Orloff and lBrunow are the parties definitively fixed on. I cannot say whether the opinion which would attribute to the latter a spirit of opposition to peace is well founded or not. It is asserted that no decision has been come to on the question of admitting or rejecting the claims of Prussia to take part in the conferences. Perhaps no decision has been officially communicated, but I know that a strong disposition is manifested against her. No propositionhas been madeto her, and none, I am assured, will be made. Tndeed, it is probable that no more notice will be taken of her by either England or France than if she never existed; and as she has hitherto remained in inglorious isolation,her degradingtranquillitywillnot be disturbed. In the meantime she is making desperate efforts to haveher claim recognized to share in the important deliberations which are soon to tak-e place, if not directly by herself, at least through others. England unquestionably opposes her admission. France does not admit it, and Austria fluctuates between her desire for peace and her own pri-ate interests, which would be promoted by the exclusion of her rival. EveTy souna reason is against the admission of Prussia. She has not the shadow of a right, and if, in military phrase, she were required to exhlbit her gtut des services, one is puzzled to know what besides a blank paper she could show. There is, moreover, another and a powerful consideration; if two Prussian Plenipotentiaries were admitted it would be tantamount to admitting four Russians. Prussia would no more desert the cause of our enemy now than she has done from the beginning, and we may be sure she would maintain her consistency in self-degredation to the end. Four Russian voices wouad be equal to France and England. Such a counterpoise cannot be thought of, though it is certain nothing will be left undone by Russia to obtain such an advantage. Sardinia having no prospect of territorial aggrandizement from the approaching Congress will very probably be against peace under any circumnstances. But whateverbe the views of the various Governments they must on the present occasion be kept from Prussian contamination, and this in spite of the anger of the representatives of some of the petty German States who are doing their best for Prussia. I alluded yesterday, though very briefly, to the opinion of the public generally on the Queen's speech. It is still a topic of much interest, and I am sure was earnestly discussed in every saloon in Paris last night. The journals of this morning publish it, but refrain from comments, with the exception of the D&bats, which alone makes a remark that it is " firm and pacific." Among the public generally yesterday the latter description seemed to be the appropriate one, and it produced a corresponding effect on the Bou-se. You may not be unwilling to learn the impression it produced on the members of the diplc. mnatic corps, among whom it was almost the exclu- sive subject of convermstion last zight in the saloons where they met. The remarks, which apply to the representatives of the maller as well as the more important States, so far as I have been able to ascertain, were, that whatever be the spirit that dictated it, the document did not completely .ustify the exag,gerated and premature hopes of the more ardent partisn of peace. Not merely siMple words and phrases were commented upon, but aLso the order in which the sentences followed each other. Your attention was directed to the fact that in the very commencementthetriumphsof the allies,thefsU of Sebwtopol, andconsequentlythedefeatandhumi liation of the enemy with whom it is supposed we are soaoonto beome friends, aue alluaedtOiu aImarkeI manef ; and the rather -paring allusion to the ne- gotiations for peace is not alwoed to,pass without ' assurances tha1 prepaiation5 for a comi ng campaign, if peace be not made, are not in the dlightest degre discontinued. You were reminded that the sentence in which peace is spoken of is followedby a refeience tb -te treaty with xSweden; and the' more acute among the diplomatic commentators fancied they ooulda etect in that arrangerment- of sentences something which was not confirmatory of the previous expectatioua of a speedy and satisfactory termination of the conferences. What, perhaps, most atucted attention was the announcement to the Commons, after referring to Sebastopol, that the budget which -is to be 'presented to them ywould contain the 'estimates for war expenditure. One. representative of a pesrerful State expressed the opinion'that on -the whole the Royal speech was more pacific than the spirit of the. English people. By some it was admitted that the document was very sdilfully drawnup ;'thatit amply satisfied th6 spirit of the, nation to whom, through its representatives, it -waa addressed,, without di.scouraging the hopes of peace, as depending on the labours of the- Conferences, or saying a word whichf would disclose the views of the Government. Some few took exception to the term "gdod offices" as applied to Sustria, on the ground that the services of thisPower meritedsome more marked encomium; but it is certain that the opinion expressed by a leading member of the French Cabinet was. that it was characterized by firmmess and dignity becong the Soverieign of a great-nation. We are positively assured that thePorte is decided on making the refovnn aind changes in the Ottoman Empire.renaered *necessary by the spirit of the age, and that few among the Turkish dignitaries are disposed to persist in their old prejudices. The- Cou)--i4r de MarseiUe, brings accounts from Constan6tinople of the 21st ult.. "The last dates from the Crimea," says that journal, "Are of the 18th, but they contain no news of importance, All the dqcks' have been blown up, with the exception of one and a few buildings spared by the explosions. This event took place withoat causing the .sliglitest emotion in the camups. The disappointment, however,was great. Terrific detonations were expected, and it was believed that the operation would be preceded with a certain ccrewmoial. A prograiniie of the solemnity had even circulated in the anmy, when, to the astonishment of all, the destruction of the docks was effected without noise or ceremony, in the presence of a few idlers who happened to be present by chance. The explosions wefe scarcelyheard in the inme. diate vicinity, and most of the soldiers in the carnp knew nothing of the occurrence. It was aso believed that the springing of the mines would be the signal of a brisker cannonade on the part of the northern forts. Generally, every explosion on the side of the allies seemed to set fire to the enemy's gims. On this occasion the cannonade continued susuall, buat with a marLed diminution in its intensity. The alied arnues were hard at work. The French troope after completing. the destruction of the docks assigned to them, were actirely engaged in removing the heavy guns and all the war maint&i stiU remaining amorg the ruins of Sebastopol. ' The city,' says one of our correspondents, ' no longer exists. The pickaxe of the des molishers and the batteries of the northern forts have con. verted it into a heap of ruins, which have assumed a frightful aspect since winter. -The fatigue parties, scatteredc among the rubbish, show off the contrast more strongly.S Visitors had become extremely rare, for they felt how ridia culonsit was to expose themselves to the fire of FortConstan, tinein order to enjoytho sightof broken stones and plaster, Nothing can be more melancholy than those ruins of a formerly flourishing city, now destroyed to its very foundations. The temperature had undergone considerable variations. During the precedingweekthe cold had reached its highest degree of intensity, but from the llth to the 18th | the rigour of winter, which had tried our soldiers more severely than ever, had begun to subside. Under the in. fluence of southerly winds the atmosphere had become mild, and even warim. At the last dates, not only had fires been extinguished in the interior of the camps, but the doors and windows had been thrown open, to allow the rays of the san to enter the huts. This change of weather, however, had been attended with all the inconveniences of a thaw. The roads, innmdated by-the melted snow, were more muddy than ever, and the fields, less favoured than the roads, offered the aspect of an immense swanp. Men were employed to renew7tahe stoning of the roads, which were half buried under the mud. The news from Balaklava is of mere local interest. The English tooops were daily exercised in the practice of the new carbines received from England. _These carbines, called Enfield Rifles, are ad. mirable for their precision and long range. The carmival wasinauagurated inthe gayest manner at Balaldava. Several I ball-rooms had been opened, and the affluence of dancers was very great.,' The same journal publishes the following letter, dated Kertch, 9th ult. "The statzs quo continues. There is a report in town that an advanced guard of 5,000 Russians is approaching, and that a body composed of the samenumber of men has been detached fromthe army before Sebastopol to reinforce the corps, which is to lay siege to Kertch: I am inc'ined to believe that there is no truth in the report. Tho season is anything -but favourable for such an expeditionn, anrd the marshy plain, at the extremity of which our town is situate, is altogether impracticable at this moment. Should the Russians, however, entertain such a project, we I are prepared to receive them. The activity of General l Vivian, the Commander-in-Chief, has provided for every j contingency. In a very short time he contrived to have huts built for 11,000 men-of our division, to erect foriifications, to dig fosses ;in short, he has enclosed the town within a line of works capable of victoriously resisting any serious attack. All this is incredible, but literally true. It is but jaust to add, that General Vivian is well seconded by his officers and staff. On the 2 inst., upwards of 20 transports, which cost the Government about 500. a day, were imprisoned by ice in thebay of Kertch. The Genefal-in-Chief was desirous to render available those vessels so costly, and for the present so useless. To extrL cate them froTm their position was a very difficult undertaking. The- operation, required much patience and boldness, and notwithstanding the enticing offers of the General, nobody presented himself to execute it. One of the General's Aides-de-Camp, Major Berganzi, at Last proposed himself and succeeded, at a trifling cost, after three days' most arduous exertions, in freeing the steamer Derwent and fonrothers, and ultimately the remainder of the flotilla. I feel pleasure in relating to you this facwt not only on account of its invaluable merit in securing our supplies and communications, but also I because it saves the Government of Her Majesty 500. a day." General Levaillant, after resting some days 'at Marseilles, left on the 30th ult. for Paris. The 3d battalion of foot Chasseurs, which arrived at MIarseilles, from the Crimea, on the 29th ult., on board the steamer Glisgow, took its departure for Paris on the 30th. The battalion consisted of 25 officers and 618 men. The following private telegraphic despatch has been received: "BERLIN, JAN. 3L. "On Mlonday Count Esterhazy, the Austrian Ambassa-. dor at this Court, received the text of thepropositionswhich Austria intends submitting to the Diet, andwhich have not yet obtained the assent of Prussia. "I deBeust, the Minister of Saxony, has arrived here in i order to conciliate the differenes which exist relative to these propositions between the two great Powers. Saxony and Bavaria ought, besides, to recommend the Diet to adop. tho Austrian propositions, and it is said that preparatorj conferences wi taike place on the matter at Dresden." The frigate Constitution sailed from lToulon for Eamiesch on the 29th ult. The steam frigate Asmod6e arrived at Cherbourg on the 30th uilt., coming from Toulon. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 26th ult. were 8#1,436f., or 194,453f. more than during the corresponding, week of 1855. The gross receipts since the let of January amounted to 3,092,884f. - being a difference in favour of 1856 of 407,401f. - The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 90c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 96f. 75c.; and the new -Loan at 73f.; Orieais Railway shares 1,235f.; Great Northern, 93 Of.; Strasburg, 947f. 50c.; New sres, 810f; Parix sa Lyons, 1,225f£; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,380£ ; Western of France, 835f.; Bordeaux ana Cette, 740f.; Great Central of France, 640f.; L&ohi d(>ta 7350. Bak" o!Cidlit Xobilier, 1,5401. Austrian Iailways 8551. CrZ-AU2Ae1Uf.U&-PA1, BFelu L--Cash Pkioes.--; Four.ntd.-HAlf per Cents. (ngt reimbursable for 10 yeas), 95f. f5c.- 50c:; Three-per Cents., 70f. 65c. 70c. 71£.; ditto first Loan'of 1855 (65 percent. p'd)}, 71f.; ditto second L"in of 1855 (35 per cent. mai 72f. 72f. IO..,; ditto Ceri5eates-(fi per et. paid, 72f. 72!.10c.; n Action, 3,275f. 3,29,f. Crdit Eoncier, 615£.; ditt3 Obliptions of 5QOf., Thre per Cent*., 87tOf* Prom^. Obligations of 1,000!., Thkree per Cents., 930!. ;. dit Ifebilier, 1,550X. 1,540£.; Discount Bank, 650f. *Piednientese Five per Cen*s., 88f. 'SOc.; ditto-Three per (5ents., 57f. 50c.; Bentes de &aplee (Rothschild's, lf. Sc.; Romas, 86£*~ 8pamsh - Interior Deb,t, 37f. Erchasgo on London, at aiight, paper, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 25f. 8oc. X AUSTRIA. (FROa O 'S bwsN CORSsODr.) VI-ENNA JAN. 29. Although nothing of any great poltical importanoe has occurred here during the last day or two, there is news of interest to be communicated. In my brief letter of the 27th mention wa made of a preialent report that the' British Government had agreed to sign the St. Petersburg protocol alld the preliminaries of peace, and reliable information has to-day been received that the rimour wasnot entirely devoid of foundatioi. If is believed Sir Hamilton. Seymour has'not yet received * any instructions from hisGovernment on the subject'; but it is certain that on Saturday, the 26th., or on the following day, M. de Bourqueney was informed by electric telegraph that he would speedily receive ;written instructions to sign the protocol in question, as there was a complete understanding on the subject between. Franoe and EnglAOL. The French Minister iwas also given to undertand, that as his jresence night be required at thePeace Confereiacesi he wuas to hold himself I preparedto leav6 for Paris at a short notice. A direct re,ply to the despatehes containing copies' of the St. Petersburg protocol, which were forwardedc to London and Paris oon Thursday, thc 24th, is ex- pected on oroabout the fIt oFebruary. It has notyet' been in miypower to obtain any perfectly reliable informiation relative to. the intentions of Austria towards the German States, but it- stands to reason that she will not allow such a favourable opportunity of obtaining their sufages to escape her. A Vienna correspondent of the Augsburg Gazettc states,'that a document is now being drawni up in the Austrian Foreign Office, " which treats of the present state. of affairs, and will be communicated to aUl the great Powers," but the probability is that it is simply the question of a circular addressed by Austria to her federal- allies. The Oesterreidcische Zeitenjg, which was not long since purchased by the Minister of Finances for the Austrian loyd, affirms that Prussia is to be permitted to share in the Peace Conferences, but it is sincerely to be hoped that such will not be the case until' she has joined the European coalition ag~ainst Russia. Th'e Vienna' journalist observes, that though Austria is, well ableto give security for the fulfilment of the promises made by Russia, she will still endeavour to persuade Prussia and Germany to become joint gnarantees. Austria, as the Western vorld has during the last two years had sufficient occasion to remark, always takes care to have two strings to her bow, and she is resolved to remain true to a policy which :has the merit of being safe, even if it has no other. The Imperial Government is morally convinced that peace will be restored, but it wishes to be piepared to' meet, all contingencies, and this is why it urges the Western Powers to admit such laggards as Prussia and the Band to the coalition. It is related that Count Rechberg will, as Presidial Minister, soon propose to the German Diet to declare its adhesion to the propositions recently accepted by Russia. The Vienna press is so excessively anxious to strengthen the ties 'Which bind Austria to France that the Oester. reichische Zeiung thus eulogizes the policy of the latter- - "The choice of Paris as the seat of the approaching tonferences is a satisfaction for France. The new peace wiU oibliterate the humiliating recoUection of the peace concludedatParis in1815. The French have, under their present 'Monarch, well deserved this satisEaction, as with the energy and self-devotion which characterizes the nation, they have opposed that system which led to the peace of 1815, namely, the system of territorial acquisition, a system which was introduced by an antagonist whose intelectual horizon wastoo confined for the ideas of our times." It is possible that the sentiments expressed by the Austian writer may be to the taste of our gallant allies, but they will hardly meet with the full approbation of Austrian statesmen, who are greatly inclined to let bygones be bygones, and would shudder at the very idea of an alteration in the map of Europe, even though it should be for the benefit of their trusty and beloved ally on the other side of the R;hine. About a month since you learned from me that the life of X. Tirr was not in danger, and it now affords me great pleasure to be able to inform you that the Emperor Francis Joseph has, as a proof of his high consideration for his illustrious ally, Her Majesty the Queen, granted him a full pardon, on condition, however, that he shall at once quit the country, and never return to it. The Austrian Generals ilnsisted strongly on the necessity for M. Tair's being put to death, but the Emperor took into consideration the fact of the man's having worn the British uniform, and spared his life. The liberation of M. Tarr will not fail to give great satisfaction to Sir Hamilton Seymour, who is said rarely to have had an interview with Count Buol without reminding him of his promise to intercede with his Imperial master in his (Tius) favour. The typhus is somewhat less prevalent, but there are now many cases of cholerine. When the packed ice moved down the Danube it took with it three of the piers (joche) of the great bridge. As the railroad bridge was not injured, the postal comraunication suffered no interraption. The topic of conversation of the day is, that Sir Hamilton Seymour and Prince Gortschakoff spoke to each other in a friendly way when they met in the " salons" of the Countess Buol last Sunday evening. It is believed to have been the first conversation they have had together since the British Minister has been here. The negotiations for the exchange of a part of the garrisons of Kars and Kinburn are still going on. e The National Loan was in demand to-day at 88, and Credit Bank shares rose to 258. London, at three months, was to be had at 10af. 29k. The premiumu on gold fell to II per cent., andthatonsilver to 8 per cent. During the last two days the public has invested very large sums in National Loan and Credit Bank shares. PRUSSIA. (rRom oua owr' corossPorNDxr.) - BEllLIN, JAN. 31. On the assumption that the protocol registering the fact of Russia's acceptance of' the'Austrian proposals still leaves tine for the distinct defnition of tho contents of the fifth point before the formal preliminaries are signed, as is expected *ome months hence in Paris, the press would not do its duty if it neglected to keep attention awake to the fact that whatever demands weintend to makein virtueoftthereservedright mentioned in the BAth point 'must be put forward, and assent' thereto obtained, before signing the preliminaries and opening the Peace' Conferences. Neither our Alles nor the rest of Europe will then be wling to hear of any fresh demands, but wil require that the Conferences be confined strictly to the elaboration of the fundamental points already agreedato. This is the more necessary as there is very good'ground for believing- that Russia does not' loo; 'upon the acceptanoe of the present prjet de preiminaires as at all binding updn her notto recedefrom its conditinus. Though we reg-ard it as our minimum, Rusia rega8as it as above her maximum. In theRussian ciroularde3patch of December 24th(Jan 1th), Count N~esielrodo say of the 5th point; that Austia's tran-. (4uillizing explanotion as regards this point was not ifficiently precise to do away with the ½tmcertainty i;hichthis clause produces. Tiis uncertaintycannot do otherwisse than produce verygrave effects, and even deprive aiready accepted preliminaries ,f the chli iracter of definitive stipulations, and therefore Russia insisted upon this 5th article being eliminated. After having in vain endeavoured to get this point "' eliminated," she alleged, that' these demands were of such a nature - that they could only be arranged, not in a mere conference of the belligerent Powers, bu-t in a general congress. As Russia has hitherto shown less inclination on the diplomatic than on any other field to give way and concede positions once taken up, it is pertinent to the present subject to quote frorI Count Nesselrodd's despatch of August 20, 1854, rejecting the four points as then put forward in their orignal harmless form by Austria. The Chacellor of -the Empire said on that occasion "It is perfectly superfluous for us to enter into an e.xaaination of stipulations which, although they are put to us, are declared to be susceptible of change and mnodificationstipulations which, even if they remain unchanged in their present fo-n, would requir Bnssia to be first weakened by the exhaustion of a long war, and which, should tho transient pressure of circumstances ever compel us to submit to them, would, far from securing to Europe a solid and durable peace, only expose that peace to endless complications." - With the 'exception of men connected with trade and 'Change, it is difficult to fand anybody here possessed of an opinion 'wothli'listeni-ng to; whoentertains the expeetationthat -the fortheoniing peace -negoitiaions will lead to the conclusion of a peace, and still more so to find any who believe that the peace will have any duration if concluded now, and in conformity with the present amounts of military success achieved by the different belligerent Powers. As one portion of the stipulatiorns of peace consists in a rectification of the Moldavian frontier, by the addition to it of a strip of Bessarabia, [a fear words on this latter Russianuprovince will, perhaps, not be uninteresting. This territory, which was incorporated into the Russian empire no further back than 1812 is divisib'le or rather divides itself, physically and ethically, into two halves, not, however, along its length, as the new frontier proposes to do, but along its breadth. - In the southern half the land is of the nature of steppes, slightly inclined from north to south and east, and the soil is of porous chalk; water is rarely to be met with, for when the rains of spring cease to fill the slight waterconurses that during the lapse of centuries have been worn in the surface. the only supply is by percolation from the: sea and from the marshes in the vaUley of the Danube. In summer and autumn the land is perfectly arid, and artificial irrigation is necessary to preserve anything like culture on what was itself once the bed of the Danube; the cultivation- of the land is confined to the lower lying plains, while those that lie higher produce only, and that, too, solely in spring, grass sufficient for the pasture of a few cattle. This portion - of the land is the continuation and physical -connecting tract of the steppes that lie to the east and south of it, viz., in South Russia, and in the Dobrudseha. The northern and smaller half, on the other hand, has an extremely fertile clay soil, and is a continuation of the Moldavian undulating conformation of the surface, which in the direction of the northwestern corner of the province, where it adjoins the Austrian Bukowina (or land of beeches), rises almost imperceptiblytotheheightof afew.hundredfeetabove thelevel of theaea,butwithouteventhere assuming in anyway the form orcharacter of rocks. These arethe only acclivities in the province, andthe chain of rocks or line of heights that is supposed to run from the north-western corner, near the Russian fortres3 of Chotym(or in Polish Chocyin),in a south-easterly direction, down to the shore of the Black Sea, or, at any rate, to the banks of the Lake Sasik, does not exist. In the regulation of the preliminaries, the Peace Commissioners will have to rectify their own rectification; or, if they leave the present proposed line unchangec, at any raie to alter the topographical description. The inhabitants of this upper haIf of Bessarabia (with the exception of the Russian population along a portion of the line of the Dniester) speak the Rumelian or Moldo-Wallachian language, which also obtains almost exclusively in the interior of the province and a0l along the Pruth. In addition to these Rumelians or Romanians, there are in the southern half Bulgarians, German colonists, and Russians; but far more than the half of the whole inhabitants of Bessarabia speak the Rumelian language. Without going back into the deep recesses of archeological researchit will suffice to point out that Russia has possessed this country just 44 years, and consequently cannot pretend to look upon it as part of Holy Russia in the strictest and most endearing sense for a Russian who loves his country. As the diplomates will see that they have niade a blunder with their chain of rocks running down S.E. through Bessarabia, which is to serve in future as a " natural" frontier for Moldo-Wallachia, they' may see the necessity of taking the Dniester for the boundary, which would afford a really tenable military position, and involve the cession also of l.ischeneff and Akermann. The Saxon Itnister Herr von Beust a3rrved here yesterday; the ostenslble motive of his visit is to compromise matters between Austria and Prussia, so as to enable the German Confederation in some way or other to adopt the five points. The ardour with which the Saxon Minister is pressing his mission will, however, not interfere with his being satisfied with "half a loaf rather than no bread; " he only wants a sufficient amount of adoption to admit of the Bund being entitled or finding ground for a claim to be represented by two German statesmen, in which case he will tale tho liberty of sugggesting himself and Herr von der Pfordten. ELETIC TELEGRAHPIC DESPATCBES. (moW oe OwIT coRS0END=rers.) SOUTHAMPTON, SAR=DAY MOKINGo. Arrived.-Wonder, steamer, from Jersey; Alliance, steamer, from Havre; Star, from Guernsey. Sailed.-Atalanta, steamer, for Havre; Despatch, steamer, for Jersey.. - LIVERPOOL, SATURDAY IOtNING. Wind W.N.W. Arrived.-Bonita, from Ceara; Favourite, from naples. Sailed.-Princess Royal, for Para; St. Lawrence, for Africa. QUEENSTOWN;, JAN. 3L Wind E.S.E. Arrived.-Emily, -from Trieste; John Eunter, from Alexandria; Fisherman, from Catania; Gratitude, from Alexandria. (BY S3MUMM AN 3BiTrISH TEUGlt"6): GRAVESEND, SATmDUA-, 9.47 AmL Wind l9.W.; tide, two hours ebb; hazy. Arived.-Brilliant, from Guernsey; Naparima, froxi Trinidad; Brilliant, - from 3Mogador ; Shelbur, from Madras,; Rerait, from Callao. Sailed.-Polmaise, for Sydney. DEAL. SATURDAY, 9.16 A-.M Wind N.W., light.-- Passed.-Falcon, steamer, from lIondon, for Cork. SaiAed&-Wilhelmins Lucia, for -S3nrabaya; Thetis, for Madra3-; Jamez,f6r Dermrnu; Superb, for Charleston. -- - STOCK EXCHAWGE. AT, .DAY MaaRNW6, i oOL(Cl Conols forf oney ... - :... 90 to, 91* Congols forAceount (March 11) ... 91l to olf Turldjsh Foar per Cent. - (ex div.) 101, to Jolt
; PIJEDMONTT. (FOMm owL a _ - TURI, j . The Ministerial project for establishing a bank of. issue at Cagliari was again the 'subject of debate iL the Chamber of Deputies yesterday, but made little progressb yoad the rejection of an amendmert proposed by the Deputy Sineo, to the effect that the notes should Dot be made legal tenders. 3!. do Cavour enteisid more fully on this occasiou into the general merits of the question; but, in the first instance, he denied that he was, as had bee said, acting in opposition' to his doctrine of frea competition. The circulation of paper is a special operation (he said), a bank 6f circulation is like a mint, but no one kas ever advocated the liberty of coning. All authors on political economy-the supporters of the English system-are averse to free competition in ban]ks. The Nationa BnaA had made a difficulty about establishing a branch at Cagliari, because it feared there vwould not belbminess enough to compensate for the expenses and interest on capitaL It had founded its reasons on the other two branches. That of Vercelli had lost the first year, in the second it gained 2,000!., and in. the third 125,OOOf. But the branch of Nice in 1855-its third year-had barely yielded a profit of 26,0D00, which was not equal to the interest on the capitaL The minister had con. fidence in the future of Sardniai but the bank said, "Look,- Nice does not pay its expenses, and there. fore Cagiari will not do so." Themaldingthenotes legal tenders had neper been demanded; it was offered by the Minisfer because it existed in the first project, which had not found favour with the capi.. talists; but lhe was convinced that, if the Chaber approved this law, the Sardinan deputies would acknowvledge itvs utility before the end of a year. Paper money, having a forced circulation, suffers variations every month, and throws uncertainty on all eognomic transactions. A forced circulation is the greatest misfortune that a country can be subjected to. In such cases the notes become wares for speculation. The paper which circulates ix Austria is not perhaps infezior to that of Franca and Enoland, but it is subject to ruinous oscillations of -exchiane, because it has a forced circulation and is nade matter of speculation. In the legal tender system, on the contrary, the notes are Vrayable on demand. The merchant vho wants to pay a debt abroad can always go to the bank and take specie. In order to facilitate circulation, lie Was of opinion that legal currency should be given in Sardinia to notes of every idalue. The necessity, then, of changing notes of 20 francs might be done more cheaply, and change might be given in copper, of which there is a great quantity in Sardinia. On the 1st of January there was in the public treasury of Sardinia 1,200,000 francs in gold and silver, and 495,000 in copper. There was arepugnance to paper money, because that now in circulation in the island was inconvertible. The Sards are suspicious, but they are intelligent and grateful, and when they see the Bank withdraw the old worn out notes; that it gives money on deposit of pubEc securities, and that it discounts bills, theywill soon understand the benefit of it, and lsse their mistrust. In France, up to 1848, the notes of the Bankwere not used, exceept in Paris, or in those places where there were branch banks. The sole way to accustom the Sards to the notes is to make them a leg,al tender. The first time they will have no confidence in them, and wil change them; the next timne they w.ill have lesssuspicion; and, after a month theywill receive them as currency. The inister repeatedly u;rgedon the Hoasethe adoption of this measure, to which he attached the highest importanlce as a means of civilization;-nd in order to meet the views of the commission on the bill, he consented that the notes should not be legal tender aftefthe bank had been reimbursed 450,000 rancs. The Director-General of the Posts i Turi publishes a notice of very great importance for English residents in this country, and one for which we have long been seeking,. It is to the effect that from the first of February next newspapers to or from England may be franked through the whole distance at the rate of 10 centimes per sheet of not more than 72 square decimeters; and other printed matter, not being periodical; at the rate of 10 centimes for 32 square decimeters. These rates apply only in case of pre-payment, and have been established in consequence of the potal convention concluded between France and England, December 10, 1855; and a subsequent one between this country and France. UTpto the present time it hasbeen necessarytopay part of the postage on news. papers in this country and part in E ngland, althoug,h letters could be paid through, and the postage onl !iVe Times 3amnoted to more than the original cost of the paper, so you can fancy how grateful the change is.
fO-BY-MAKBRETd OITY IMELGIgPNaE. FridAy Evening. Tlhe English funds opened this morning with great heavineas at a decline of a-half per cent., but towards the end of the day there Was a rapid recovery, followed by a further rise after regular hours. onsols for money, which left off lst evening at 902, were first quoted 90 to i, at which they re- ned for a considerbfe~ poerod. They then improved to 9G,, the Iast offcial transactions being at that price. &ub6equently there was a continuance Of purchases, and the lates quotations were 90 to 91 for money, and 91 to * for the 7th of February, while for the MIarch account there were buyers at 91j. The depression in the early part of the day waentirelyattributable to some sales, which caused a temporary renewal of the extraordinary demand fora money noticed yesterday, and when this had subsided, as was the case to a great degree in tlhoe aftemoon? the market regained its natural- buoyancy, its firmness at the latest hour beifig increased by favourable reports of the condition of the Paris Bourse. With regard to the:peace negotiations a statement was cireulated that the authorit%' for signing the commencing protocol was transmitted from London to Vienna on Wednesday, and the expectations of a speedy settlement still gain strength. At the Bank of Eng3mid to-day the applications were agaiun numerous, and in the general discount-market the demand for Imoney in the morming was as urgent as in the StockExchange. Before the clow of business, however, a marked alteration took place, and ultimately there was comparative ease. Bank Stock left off at 211l to 213; Reduced, 91 to i; lew Three per Cents., 91{ to i; Long Annuities, 3 ; Annuities, 1885, 10i; India Stock, 222 to 224; andc Exchequerbond, 97J to 98. India-bonds and Exchequer-bills ere mauch influenced by the state of the moneynmaret, and were sold at 12M. discount, but their final price was lOs. to 5s. discount. Foreign securities were rather flat in the early part of the mornin-, but eventually there was a general recovery. in Turkis Six per Cents. the opet-ations were at 92M, i, 4,,, ,anlQ forthe sccount, the final quotation being 931 to -. The Fourper Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated ex. idiv., the first half-yearly payment having fallen dlue- t6-day; for money the transactions were at IC0C and i, and fortheaccount at1OOJ, -J, and lOl&. 'The last price was 1Oll to Z. The general business comprised-Chilinn Six per Cents., 102%; MIexican, forthe account, 20i, i, and -i; Peruvian, for accoumt, 80; the Three per Cents., for account, 56; Fortuguese Four per cents., for the account, 48; RussianFour-and-a-HalfperCents, 93 and 92; Sardinian Five per Cents., 90; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, 42i2; the New Deferred, for account, >;, A, and -1 ; VenezuelaDeferred, 13; Dutch Twon da-Aalf per Cents., 6s,; the Four per Cents., 95s;;and Peruvian Dollar-bonds; 01. fir the foreign exchanges this afternoon there was no alteration of importance, except in the rates on Vienna and Trieste, bills onthose places beingagain in great demand. The corn-market this morning vws again eXtremely heavy, and sales could not have been pressed, -except at a further decline of 2s. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the 'week shows a very active business, and a fresh advar.ce of fully Id. per lb. The closing quotations of the French Three per 'Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 71f. for -money and 71f. 80c. for the new account, showing an improvement of about a-half per cent. t It is thetefore presumed that the hseavy monthly liquida-tionhas passed off satisfactorily. At Vienna the xnark-et remains steady after its recent rapid advance, and at Amsterdam there has been a slight rise in most descriptions of foreign securities. The rates of exchange at that city and at Hamburg show no alteration, but at the later place money is easier, and the rate of discount has receded to 41- En the colonial produce mark-ets duringe week there has beengencralheaviness, prices, withscarcely an exception, showing a decline. Coffee is almost the' onlyarticle that has exhibited steadiness, a fair demand at full rates being still observable for the Ceyson'kinds, while some parcels of East India have also brought good prices. The Dutch Trading Company's sales are fixed for the 31st of M.arch and the 3d of April, and comprise 373,000 bags. The tone of the s tgar-market is-very heavy, and the greatest difficulty is experienced in making sales. The amount brosght to auction was rather lare, and, although importers mzanifested every desire to realize, even at t1he greatly reduced prices now culrrent, the trade refiused to purchase, except to supply their most urgent requirements. Quotations have fallen ls. 6d. to 2s. per cwt., and the market closes with extreme du]ness. Privately nothing of importance has been transacted. The Dutch Trading Company have declared their next sale, consisting of 56,270 baskets Java, for the 13th of March. Large pacels of rice have been brought to sale, and the quantity dispoced of went at a reduction. Saltpetre is also very f at, and parcels of Bengal have changed hands at a fall of 2s. to 3s. per cmw . In the tea-market there is no activity, and common congon is very little inquired for. The cinnamon quarterly sales took place on the 28th ult., and wernt off with much briskness at Id. to 3d. per lb. above previous prices. Thc next indigo quarterly sales commence onthel2th inst., and only 8,820 chests are as yet declared. At the meeting of the Royal British Bank, held to-day, the report for the half-year ending the 31st of December last recommended a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum; and, after carrying 1,OCO. to the reserved fund, which now amounts to 1I,3321., showed an unappropriated balance of 2,3411. It also announced the completion of the second addition of 100,0001. to the subscribed capital, wliich, has thus been increased to 300,0001., of which one half has been paid up. Sir James MIatheson as appo.;nted a trustee, and it was stated that the new premises of the bank are expected to be comp>leted by the end of the quarter. qhe annexsed is from the Conmmittee of Spanish 3:ondholderso p * The following answer hras been received by the Conisudttee of Spanish Bondholders to a letter addressed to the Earl of Clarendon on behalf of their constituents:- " ' Foreign-office, Jan. 31. "'Sir,-I am directed by the Earl of Clarendon to acknowledge the receipt of the letter signed by Baron Lionel Iothnchild and Mr. Louis Samson, on behalf of the Com3nittee of Spanish Bondholders, upon tho subject of the state of their claims upon the Spanish Government, and requesting that instructions may be given to Lord Howden, her Majesty's Minister at MIadrid, to make such representations to that Government as may induce them, without further delay,toecognizethe just claims of the bondholdees; and I am to state to you, in reply, that instructions wil be sent accordingly- to ner Mrajesty'is Mlinister at ~dadrid, and that the connunttee may rest assured that no effor on the part of Lord Boden will be wanting to procure justice torthe bendholders.: IanU, Sir, yer most obeiient humble servant, ST. SCollett, sq. ' WODEHOUSE."' The further commercial advices from New York to-day describe a slight improvement in the stockmarket, but contain nothing else of the slightest importance. Erie Railway stock had advanced from 50; to 53; Reading was quoted 87; Panama, 100; and Dllinois Central Bonds, 81X. The latest datesreceived from England were to the 5th of Jan uary, - and a fortnight would therefore have to elapse before the news of peace could arTive out. The annexed account of the Mlanchester markets uaidng the past month is from Messrs. Robert Barbour and Brother - "1 The large business which was done here in December suplied the imnediate wants of buers,and duringthe first fortnight of the present monththemarketwascomparatively dcll, ad the tendencyof prices downward. The protpects of ,ece, which -were first annoncedby telegraph on the 17th inst., unsettled the market for a day or two, after which an extendedbusineswas done, sellerskeeping firmly to their prices and buyers giving out their orders more freely. Since then a gradual improvemenit has taken place; the reduction in prices which was submitted to enriy in the month bas been fully recovered, and quota- uiouls, particuialy for yarns, now show a small advance en the-rates current at the end of December. Stocks are low, and the demand in most cases continues equal to the production. The strke, which commenced in November, is now at an end, the operatives having returned to their work at the reduced wagea. "The Liverpool cotton-market has advanceda'bout id. merllb. on the current qualities since the rumours of neace, tut previously it was dull and drooping. - The stockis Tatiler lower than at this tine last year, but there is the p; 2 of large suppies, the crop of the United States for I -56 Being estimated at nearly 3.500,0OObales, which is nieme than 750,000 bales in exces of the average of the preCeding 10 years. The consumption hag, however, inreased o uchhthatthepricescan onlybekept moderate by large iapovtxtions.,"ag 'he return from the Bank of gland for the week ending the 26th of January gives the followingreOWLt when compared with the previous week:PWA~ic deposits ... ..£3,2G4,203.. D&ereas £594,034 Otherdepoesit .... . .. 1 2,87l,353..Decrease 040,692 Rest . ... ... 3,376,632..Jncrease - 11,420 On the other side of the account Gov~emnueut securities... £ 2636- i...Decres £1,091,985, OtherEsecurities .. .1627506X..Decrase 106,400 j9otes unemployed ... 4,874;W97-..Decrease - 33 225 Tho amount of notes in circulation is 19,298, ., being a decrease of 72,0651.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 1O,346,1O3Z, showing a decrease of 79,2091. when . comjared wih . the precedij* return. -. --
TB1WE RBPORT. Friday Evenin. SuGAit.-The market has a downward tendency to-da ancd nearlythe whole of the public sales were withdrawni of. which the follo ng ar particul3rs:-91 hhds. 78 barrels West India, 8,170 bagsyMauritius, 572 date, 385 gainy Bengal, and 0i,005 grainy BIadras. The decline3s f 2s per cwt. since this day week. 79 bhhd5, West India have been sold, making 345 for the week. COEn.-There were no public sales. 2RICE~.-The quantity brooghtforward at auction was more than the demnand could take off. The mnarket wvas very 'dat-, and the whole of the sound was withdrawn, in most eases at lower rates-viz., Madras, 7,800 bags, chie'dy at 12s. to 12s. 6d., middlin __d fair pinky; Bengal, 4,900, at 12s. 6d. to 14s. ; and 0)000 bags N ecrane, at 12s. Cd. Thedamaged, about one third out of 18,700, sold generally at a reduction of Is. per cwt. 400 bags cleaned Java brought 25s. 6d. to 26s. per cwt. Privately for 100 tons lecraurie 1s. has been accepted, threemonths prompt. SvL=rrEn -750 bags Bengal were disposed of, 6 per cent. refraction, 33s. ; and 3A per cent., at 3Ms. 450 bags Bombay realized 22s. to 23s. per cwt. Privately there has, been more business doing at the decline established in todaMs sales. -oco,%NuT Om1-In public sale 245 casks Cochin were nenry all bought in. A few hhds. a little off in colour were sold at 39s. 10d., with prompt. The market is very dull. Coc.n EAL-42 bags at public sale to-day were mostly boug,ht in-Honduras silver, 3s. 9d. to 4s.; black, 4s. 9d. to 5s. 2d.; Teneriffe, 3s. 10d. to 3s. lld, per lb.
ALWA Y INTELLrGENCE. TRAFFIC REiTffRs. The traffic returns of railways in the united kingdom pablished for the week ending January 26 amounted to j52,571., and for the corresponding week of 'S55 to 313,1211., showing an increase of 39,4501. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termimn in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 154,7891., and for the corresponding week of last year to 130,015t., showing an increase of 24,7741. The increase on the Eautern Counties Railwayamointed to 3,541 ; on the Great Northern to 3,440.; on the Great 'Western to 4,1301; on the London and No th-Western to 6,7601.; on tie Lindon and Blackwall to 237.; on the London Brighton, and South Coast, to 1,3261.; on the London and South-Western to 2,2251-.; and on the SouthEastern to 3,1091.; total, 24,7741 The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 07,782!., and for the corresponding> period of 1855 to 183,106!., showving an increae of 14,676!. in the receipts of those lines, wvhich, added tothe increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total increase 39,4501'., as compared ivith the corresponding week of 185o. SCOTTISH CENTnRAL. A special general meeting of this company was held on Tne9day at Perth, to consider the propriety of sanctioning a working agreement with the Edinbuzgh, Perth, and TMhdee C'mpany, the Hon. 3. C. Dundas in the chair. The CHnaxr3 , in opening the proceedings, remarked that when competition to any leiigth was persisted in thev usaally worked the traffic at the greatest possible expense to themselvesand writh the least possible advantageto the pubic, but when theycombined vith another line runninr between two places, so thattheymight run theirtrains ant carry passengers and goods amcording to the most convenient methed that could be dovised by the two companies, they would,inthatcase, worktheirtrafic at the least possible expense; and at the same time give-the greatest possible atzcomreodation to the public. Hfe did not expect that the gross-receipts of the-two companies would be much increased under the agreement, although there was iio doubtthe workmng expenses of both compaies would he reduced. The plant, and \V=oris vrold be kept il the most efficient state under the ,siperintendence ofthe joint comnnittee. :Heeconcluded by moving a resolutiori to the effect that the worldng agree-. ment between the Scottish Central- Railway Companv and theEdinburgh, Perth, and- Dundee Railway Company be sancti'ined, and the directors be -authorized to carry the same into effect. - r;t.lf. c B secondedthe motion. - - M1r. Tnrr considered it an imprudent and impolitic measure, and hoped it wouldnot be carried out. After some discussion the resolution sanctionng the agreement was carried.. * .. On the motion of Mr. UBRucE an agreement with the Edinburgh and Glasgow CoenpSiiy f&f the use of their Cowlairs branch and station:at Sighthill was ado ted ; and the directors were authorized to subscrbe .13,400L.towards the capital'stock of the intended -DunblanekDoihne, andCallander Riilway. The proceedings concluded wvith avote of thanlks to the Chalirman. _BIS ON STANDIG ORDERS. - Yesterday the followiug railway bills.-were. declared to have complied with the standingorders DoRssr CENrTPRaL-To construct the line, and authorize arrangements viththe London andc South-Western. The estimated cost is 100,0001. , - - SzEvmN-vAT.-For deviations and ibindonnien14 andpaurchase of land, at a cost-bf 114,0001.'- - - * -: WESTWrSTER Tznous (Deviations).-The Parlitmentary declastion as tofunds sets forth that the commaanf has uaexpeiidedpover5ttthbeittntbf 28;0001;.a - s -a RnIOSSm.-For construction of lIne. *- - ,::1 NOB. rSTxroannSmxa, =verpool Extension. THAM Es HAVE:S-TO constrict harboulr and doclts itta cost of 37,000! *. - ,.^ -
LZVERPOOL COTTON-MARKET. rTUpvlZdY. T. 1 Sa'ee-Tha woo. 84,500, tot3f this year;,282,210; same period in Imprte.e-This eel, 91,892, total thisyear. 218,905;6 same period do 1855. 77,092;. total imported in 1855, 2,143.201. Exported-This year. 16,2B3, same period in 18iS, 11,411. (Samputed Stocks.-This day. 419,540; same peuiod i'n 1055. 425,SS0. Talken for consumption this year. 211,900; samue period in 1855, Balerf. Taken for speculatIon this year. 32,539 Same in 185 . .. 28,611 Stock in Liverpoel, December 3, 18 I .. 428.810 Samo in 1854. 51110 Increase of import this year, compared with the same date last year .. ..1428,13 tnrease of exyortb 4,877 Decrease of stoek .. .o,1 In crease of ; quantity taken for ronsoumpti on . . 2D,7D0 -There has been a good demand forcotton throughout this weel-, and buyem have taken up promptly anything fairly offered, and, though there has. been a pretty goo sipplgy, yet an' upwrd tendency has prevailed, and prices for the current qualities o0 American nrec aboutt d. higher than last week, In Sea Islands a fair businesshah been done, at previous prices, For Egyptamns there has been a gooi deropsd, and preuious rates are supported. A'fair amount of transactions has taken place in Brazi, and extreme prices are current, but hasrlly any change can be nbted. The demand. for Surats continues large, and anything fairly offered has been eadfy yaleable at fulippriees; in somse cases at. a slight ad-, vance, the market closing. very hare of the Coromon qualities.a 11,030 Amercan and 5,300 S>uxat are reported on speculation; and 0 230 Egyptia, 20 Babia and 1,520' Suat for export. aosrke;it s howeqver, freely smpplied at the adivance quoted. The -sles are 12,000 hales, 5,000spccrdation and export. -' '
T-EJE IMRROPOr4UTA21BOABD OP WOlRO . R -- 'TYS WN i'O~~Ai ,dent, o.Ka ea tll ch^bi^- raie-h pedthe chaisr., e - a " oI 3 - -t A'conversationmsrose theinstasocH-of--'t as to theoprecise wordsesoadby li. -Baalget-the,e to the b6ard, jat-their' ' -eior Ii6tg til ,ngLaeer, p:rv oe-g td-ribelsis posel tion with respect to the conatractionuof the Tame Valley CanL e Air DIfangr)hi understood Mr. Bazal ette to say that lie had had the cojiroPef bne-ulf of tAe worlks on that canal, an upon tat statement he gave Mr. Bazal. ;ett hisvot. Mr Baalgete ad. oo.stated- in a letter badbeensentdwn by-thbi e of that work under Mr. Born, who was- thleprplsident engineer. Sinceuthe- tha that lt ptohad bee p.ublicly coterated e Mr Bamralgttet dated in lag Address to the board that he had the control of one-haf of-he works 'on the Tame Vale'r Canal; and he n6w wished'tOdecide,! bazalgette whethei.,ta di, or -did not, 3nalt3hat statement. meetBingrofvth Sboardttad that hs hrJad resule ofl ooe-hl of lowi foinsuch ao qestionom froma anaJunswer to it. l MajttLYoNsthoughtthatiquaestonutouchingt,he veracity oiv suordih anaepreatdin the teofle board ehaing B a asteol wuth (He hesr.) i Ie t h dat. - eaeo 3fr.eD one o verac. betweenfrsed ac hdnder.stoaodgr. Bailgette to mae twhersaement bttribtwad ntsohm and hfelthotw htit sthse board that t busissochae ueston. shouldb e askedtan i rnvdleprecatedqaes tiae,ifthe srepaaion woEte- TheS coner lsato wI.Dane scceeded hir M}r. L. Tylor Mr by suchadicussion, and moveand t r.hrat they should toee2 with of the h b oarnesofnth ay. h charge of one-half t . worows onfes Tame Vady Cndrstood uer and eteoz Fieingbordinaees hain e baamd shvn charge ofthfho take the. staemn wattribed to him,-rnd en thought it deiable that D e the business of the da sho beposptoneinte tndhe vancityc, o itoneD ther pubiem fnficers wotice ofst involne inc thend qupesto,r std Theavn i convrsaio wazsl co-ntid by r. TempeTaylr atrth saoe ton,te inrtesident, chr. ion, the SavagVe,ManHall Mor.s,Turnder, Mr. Horeln, andothrs; Wler nd itwse entull WIDTH OP STR EADLEYS. Oan the motion of bMr. OFD'for, the bylar reg1.t- trae width of streets andtillems, made by the board on the methin ulof the bo °tarnca -thatjehoa L rn andof reportea of the penalty, wws confirme, xandorderedto betrMusrnitted to th-e Secrel;ary of State for the Home Departmnexit. The RsbrSMinT sai hce had much pleasure in acnoharge, that wor. k-siah Wily M.nson had been elected a e r thoe,baT for. thea wastr residn eangin.feerso.heBnte Caa,Mr. Wiryisodaliersenaed in the pereparatio of dieecleaiong i, M.Bslei and to. Tehipereey at the bad ADVANCES3 TO COSNTRACTORS. The PrtimDeNT stated thatr it s necessary for thc board Woork,uder th amr.t Hofertan,Mes o. Walker endwBuresso bhen congineeors in d ciefo the woexe.ino wrsuce tThe coerson then ar and called upon the ta to state the exact sums nowr owing to thernm. rer Mlr. Wo ompained theaertarepor baidth beCaneinbouhtanp at the laost kmei ifn efndeon to the tredit of the board on thu pst oE January, 18, -as 22,310L 17s. 9d. - the cheols dra^nv but niot presented amounted to 2771. Is. Gd., leaving an avathable motin o rt o the yOf lOawregu 1l.t- Tha amount of the deposit account- was 20,0001. -which made the toftl balance at the Umnion Bany 42t0ba on 3th a8d; nddin a the basance at Mo Lyonl and Weptein> ster- jounal onthe. folow day,th withlcs a bodfiatioe was t the0penalty, wds coniread,vande norduereto bhecotracsntted amounted inher of gregate t 5,2051.-namee toR.T.CarlTe, 15th instalment on hontamcb works, ;untren s-crien hati line doversion and extensionh b,eenl.c to Wa. mebRofe wecln intstalment on contract works Queeu's-roadl-east, &-c., Chelseba 53rd .; to Cvtlverhouse and r.cholso.) rs i Ment on contract works, Old Brompton-lane, h c., 22of1.h to lee and Laters, thiat instardent on contract works lewishP3am and stckheath, 35it wasnd eirst instaamenthon contract works, enaven th on of&U rdge woroadk une tr halltaod Ho fe Guards, 3a0d,an and to Wntiam Dethiret, second t te alment on contoan torks, Wtiteall-place amd Whitehall, 4t.r and saidst ibstalment on contract tvrorl;s, North-roiv, Adams'-mxevs, l;c., 9W2v. Ona the Un tionBn of Londo Dpto thecred oit o the sevealdo amoufts Jvere directed wo be,p3a1i0d t.o thse the hecksal THE 3%AI SEWER AT THE 31ORSE-GURDS drho PbEut En T, in reply to 3tr. B2rslem, said, some tane ago the Government require the construction of a large seTer for the conveyance of the sdrplus water from the ornamental Iake in St. James's Parl;, andI for other puroses of drainage inthatlocality. 'TheyUniana application to the late Conuisthon of Selvers to undertakethe constdWction of the proposerd works at the expense of the Goveaments 4The Co1nmmion of Seaersvundertook the worth, anc tre hac now to say that the public would only be taxed for that mote in the g aregatd that the Te5naner tomi.T Car rOea3tebulek-of (tl3h cli)ture, wuld be borne by the lislrne,tinstaleto conract work, utsscek Mr. BURsLrwu.aicl he wvas pertectlg satisfiea -tvith the explanalion given by the President. 'T}le Secretaryg read the report from the committee of the secoln board appointed to consider thk formation of co n- Cettses to hear and determine appeals,nfor finrncialnurposes, to consider bywaws, to confer rith vestiies and distnee andLs-toreports n thid istamen on thcbonrd unoer the LouildingAct, and tlaoexathne 3a nd forston daims for con- Aconerstio enued n rfernceto the number of contractworks,Craven-lae,c gn bridae-rcom adittee for each er. TAYeon moved that in the case of the appeal coi byta ecmitteetonmerOsthourlwd boelreduced frorm- 42, as ProPosed bayltnd Horsitefte wuads o36!. band, to WilimDehik sec. Don iLTo andtMr. So io objected to th a limitation of; th committei as omdesirble, having due rsgard to the proper discharge of the -importnt bb siness to come before the committee. - - -- Theconvcrsationwas cortinuel bg Mr. sieisaiT, som TVILSEB, Mr. BRIsTOv;z, lIr. HOW%s and other merabers. The board evertually negntived the motion of ir. Taylor anw confirnet thc originalnce of thresupdater -f comtofitteeof the whole board, that the number of the appea t committec sho nSldebe th oThe remaining recommrndatior tof the conitftee of the holec bomrd formef the subject of further discusson, and unoderwsnt some moclic w oetiona TEE SOLICrrOn TO TH MO,RD. Tle PBESIDX&NT said his fiiend Str. Woolrych hacl alreaay had a writ served ipon hiwu in his capafty of secrtarp to the board, and It became necessart , on that accomnt, and ures bunealk grof nds, the expedinture w rlyday for electhe a gnlma. B tosact said heo was peethe soatifid. wt h x and alaiesof oflcrs o cosidr ad rport in respect to M.WOOLBYCH stated, in reply to a mem'oer, that the action ieferred to by the President.habeen brouhtapinst himn (3Ex. Woolrych) as statutory defendant fior a5ege-d neglSgence on the ptrterf one of the cotractots of tohks wnder the old Commissiof t of Sewrs. THE 11ORRONVN-G TONVERS OF =R 3BORD sir.ttCe.o hE,ar rsndtdtoenotice, apoved " Thatnit be referres to a comnittee bylw s, to confer with vestrthis boan d twhether it will, in the opnuion of such committee, be prtBdent to prteed to mamie the sewers aon workis mentionem in the 135th clause of th'e Mletropolis Loa YLanagement Act before some changes have been cade in the powers of borrowng ronmy eotained inthateact; and that itfbe an instrtcommittee to report to this board the 'changes, iFany, which in their opinion.arcnecee-ary." The .subjct,hesaLd, wasonedof agrat ieoftance,h nasmuch as upon it ould depenld the question dwhether 4the publc rotes to be lecied under the authority of the bo1rd.wer or were nottrbe.diminishedone-Salf. That guestion turned lton fthe borroming powers of the bosra, and if they proeaed to rise monychunaer the actof Parlitan nt incorporating the board as it now stood, theywould hxve to ay an interest of at least7 per cent., including the sinld-cg md, for which pTovesion vwas madt in the statuteb and to meet the payment of that high rate of interest it wouldl be necessary to levy,. by public xates, a s uni of from 3W00 070. to 400,00OI a-year. Besides. there vs anolddebth n emistene, which etu board inlegrited froem the late Cof mission o6f Sewers, of -something like 600,090v. Tal-ing that imito account, and the priobgbl expecse of constructing the creat system of interweting sewers, the sum the board would haveto raise would pro42l. ;mount to 4,OOD,OQ0lL But wheerthesainn were3,000,cOm inor4,0D,00oto, the pat of wholeg btoardfored the subject of futher borwdiscussion,en underwent some modification.e at wrt prsentrved upon intrs this capaciy nof be able to thehear,a it beest ameor neessaryn one thcent. The a mkuta getowlema toe acutd as slctor to the board. hermne a ther oEmitc of soliyciorl to th board. egnraedeso m,o.y whoo lent stal tedh, in eplyl toe avl mebe,oht then their moiey for any long period- of time. They would, in reality, be driven to the-insurance-offices toborrow it, like thelate Commission of Sewers. What would bo the result? -Those offices knew that the.bord. would be obliged to come to theriL for the money, aid 'they.would not' let them have itiatless than 5pe cent. The-question was, how that was. o b,e avoided-? The counse, seemed to him very eCJyi provided he bbara woulda....et.6 idoat'it. If the Govern- int oald consent to 15&answersblofor the money tho1boar wa's rboht, o'rWiAe; and in. a'way, which. he thoq-d. a4erwards describe, itimight-be, raised at 34 per cent;,. and psrhapsecven as-lo{ -astp)ercent. 'Ho woudId proposo-that- hfhadbi:ied,'ia1,ocsols.;. :.', .-:' r EX. ;Depuy-HAnisisos -(interrupting MSr. CorTie), sald,-. 540 eproibstihoa theustn. .nbmber was-ottoa nSew Was ne dvibavi p6itanf nh;1sot',4 -asit was w S lflm t that- he h calleda ttentionevoua be satter, -obfralaau!5hntc badhxd to6~ sbiixit their dWso ,r.Giithn reorlcd.intrustea .to -thgr exebc cation,ib smedto him.that4e prudent course. would be 'nbt 'to'kd1iio Wi"t *apfresemb, fEUeir,.2XS.e ri). '' - ' IYr;-uosrnz idaif:hiit;friear02o1d onaent isno-jX wtep !c,, eittDe,o tonsider,thequestion - (r,} larr,ie) wasiiJoaM i:iigxp en4'tdegr. Sftthe.co°nsiertiriflon Fof t the ,o so. -i V. ,tt|e G egofh he c6ide' by %. DTFrrAsER, referred -for b iderMio'n t' the fianblc coDLat,e. . . TH tXvCXFi G Sxwzn3. Mi,.- OFFon gave notice that it, the nex l oard, he world 'moe that ;ah i the: pan; mictiong, detlse and al otSher paper5 .-elative 40 the scheme of.ixiteroeptin; seweragein -~h $ i o~seion of the board he referred t>a} -Slect couiinittie, to range scijeport upon4hesi. u. n rThe board Shen,~ a,fter nssctug sotne routie bualneurajoned until fonlday n it~ B o'cloeck. ,-
. . - :TE CO6 AD-. ' - . . ~ ~ ; COB covxxc%uwGz. ~flrDAZ '. 1.m I11rmw4d wmpp1if. of wbeat baye been received in the nka~kt. an4 ZKiOescoDn,eqUtently 0011tinUCEWhay. WithOUt inneb actiVitY in bUtlnem. ~All otherdexiept3nut remuain depzess4. and bailer' an well M c,bI ince vimpportZmeious quqtMwu& -1i,. : rkouri s4iel, 710 scks fodegn1,133skanaS,2 L,TVXI,,1 JAN. 29. Ths SnbTl from ndde s urinzthepst ekEir' been libesul of oatmeal and otS. but amaf of oI?erazrtide. Fzom foeign ports we bAte received 24.398 quartens c wheat (of wlrcl 33,079 qUrt are fromEgYpt. .S34prtes of beansm 223D uas Of Pea 23,650qaonrof t loso n eonJ, 3,f0bagrels of indan onM eal, 3.370 sacksand 18.761b1rrelsof.oux ; and fm Canada, 5.901 quartesof wheLt. Theexportin te sntmetcnwpie78 quarters of whef, 4f43 q arejs Indian - 3,O9xack3and=b&nv&Et f}our. wner JI betz littUe znlm tlon in the trdo during tho*t vek and Inces of ail articles fontinue to show icucl wercskear ludUoorn edeclUned to 37. 6d. to3k pmer quarterforlimse nmired, being nerly 2g er quarkr under the rates of Tuesrday last The weather. which th ughont the pat week has ben extremely stormy and wet bai thisex lnsuddetay changed, snd wa bsayebard freat.- At this day's market there was only a thin attendance of the tolr and country trade, and little disposition to btu was evinoed. Wheat And dour met with an extremely loewage, at adeolneeof 3d. per -lb. and sl to l 6d.persck 3nd bAreL OAtgsnd ostmealwcrealso aiecultto more, ltnh xoffereda a reducUto ofId to2dper4514~. tn & to 1. 6d. Per low onorricfco! this day week. Barles, beaus. a peas ere quite uertl and must be noted Ld per 6Xb. and 2L. per quarter lower. Indiar met with amodrae inuiry for Ireland. and also for the inter}or, for feeding purpose, and sme businear wet done at 37s. to 37s. 6d. perquarer for pime miredAmen, t market cloging vsith sellers at the leoer ligure prirme wite Wu ok. tainble at 40. to 41s. perqarter. WAIHMD. 1!m 1. Webave xnndsh7ow ofwhea hbere to.da,buttlbetraio rules ereediglddl.l 2and the buelor psiglsTCeSylisid Staderlineof 3sw to 4p er quarter rn hbe ratecs of laetyeei forIL c Ice ,nd 4,.toSo. p7er qarterforothersorta BarleDnaets adull sale t 1J per qurelimn.y ileans Is. per qumrte oats7 3d. ser atone,anl elbog Is. pner lod lowrer.R abDtpaequarerofSbuchels,Ctlb t d. 2 K E',zex Suflolk,anlKent7, white 75 to 2 76 to SoD Red .. .. 73 77 70 - 75 Vortlkau 6 6:brid,;, rta , 75 7Ao 73 - 7 Red . .. .. 7'7-76 66 -72 Lqbrolnk an Canehedgb white. 75 - 29 73-71 R ed : : 72.6 66 - 7. DantLdoni75erg . - - BAlUicandEm7r '0-9 . .. . n- 75 - Barly,p erquarter orS bushel.- rflk and SuffolkImpedal - - 40Yorkhbire and Lincolbahire, 56,. Dper bushel.. . .. --- - -42 Beans per quarter of S buahels, 63Mh- , old G...- 48 -- 53 IoeWn. 42- 45 - Fore . ..2 - 43 --44 E.gyptin .434 - - Oats- perstone- P.er7glis .. . .. . ISct 14L 151. SEntcsh.l . . 131L-l 15V gheHng, p7rloadof2Gb ,, , 33 - 3 - 3Wit, per load. of 6 imperr' bahsb : 5D - 52 DUBLuN, DM Li The continued unnertainty which preTvils with repect to the isue of thepeae propOsitiOne has naturally bad a depresine effect upon the lnan corn trade, and another effort ha been mado byrtiesefu CnD: eta dispose of lagI.e stcks in ad by lublic auctin. The lat atte, ptd sale took place on Wednesday, wben about 3,400 bnrels of Gslatz wheat -ere offered forprchaae: bu although therem asaanumezoe3 attcuda e of xPenators, the prices were demed so much belwloth, Inarketablevaluethat the sle wasnotproeoeled with. Oll the same day Mr. Mash, the Co*r auctioneer offered 25D tons of prime Galatz Indiaucrn, on behalf ofthe Meas. Green, attheir utores onAnder. eon's-quay. Of the entire lot, only 35 tons wereo kxocked down, and those fetched, for prime, from £e3 10. to a 12s. 6d. per ton; and for sCoDndaryquality,£S2s.6Lto.£5s.
OUR BBELAXIONS WTL2H ENGLAAM. (From the NCw YorK Times.) Unfavonrable rumnours from Washineton continue to mul. iply on the state of our diploiatic relations with England. There are two distiuct questions involved-the Central American and the enlistment. The latter is of more imme. diate importance. Our Adnministration has the right of it ; clearly so. The difference of opinion, however, is wide, as between the two Governments. Let us see to what results the controversv is about to tend. L Enlistments are attempted in the United States for the British army in the Crimea. This violates our neutrality. We say it violates international law, and is, therefore, au indignity of greater magnitude than the mere violation of ourown municipal law. We complain of the British Govermnent, ascrihbing the whole fault to llrr. Crampton, the British MIinisterat Washington, and to certain consuls of Great Britain in this country. The reply is, that t3r Crampton acted under instructions, and the whole resP sibility i5assumed by his Government. This relieves 31r. Craxuptori personally. His disruissal, therefore, before the -e-ithduwal of Mr. Buchanan from London-should the controversy lead to that-is out of the question. 2. Lord Clarendon is said to have admitted, in a despatch dated in December, that thoenlistment did violate municipal law. At the samne time he assumes that it did not violate national law. Ile apologizes for the first, and tal-es issue on the last point. 3. lr. Marcy answers tlis arment in his despatches to Mr. Buchanan sent out by the steamer of January 5, and! repeats the demaznd for reparation 4. It is now said that these last despatches were accompanied, or haive been foUowed, by instruitionsto our Minister to -vithdraw from the English Court, in the evant of a second refusad to acknowledge and duly apologize for the violation of national law. 5. The recall of Mr. Crarmpton, it is presumed, will follow. If not, the Governument at W.ashington will cease to hold further intercourse with him, and his passports will ba placed at his disposaL 6. All this will not necessarilv lead to war or to warEke - demonstrations. But it wvdi produce an unpleasant as well as difficult complication; rendered the more so by the present temper of the British Administration in regard to ths Ekastern war, inwhichl, undeniably, France has reaped the laurels in the field before Sebastopol, while the Englisa navy has effected nothing in the Baltic. 7. As between tha people of the United States and Enland the controversy is less threatening. But our peo will support their own Administration, because it has the right of the question. Whether the English people, and partieularly the commercial and manufacturing classes, will ack their Administration in refusing to acknowledge an indignity to our neutral positie in the right way-drawig a technical distinction beW n municipal and national law which adds to rather than Iessens the offence-remains to be seen. We do not beheve they will; nor do we believe that a suspension of diplomatic intercourse vill be suffered to continue very long on so weak a point. In regard to the Central American question, the argmument is so decidedly against Great Britain that no apprehexision need befelt that she willfghtabout it, if, indeed, it were worth quarrellng over, which, so far as any chance of a British hioldinCentral Asnesicais conerned, it is not. Our readers -will remember the issue on the Clayton-Buiwer Treaty. Thatinstrumentwas in purpose, plainly expressed, to keep both Governments from colonzig in Central America. UJnder pretorct of somec previous wood-chopping todgment in Honduras t.he British Government cLaim that the treaty could net be retroactive, and that they have the right, therefore, to continue .this lodgment virtually as a colony. MIr. Clayton says he could nerer have been so blind or infatuated as to nmake a treaty to defeat its own declared purpose. Our Government can- not permit such a constraction. The treaty, therefore,must cease, on the notice which it provides for, or the British Governmen' withdraw their claim in Honduras. In either event there is no ground for a fight on the question. The treaty being terminated, General Walker wil most likely solve the question of possession and colonization for both parties The States of Nicaragn;, Honduras, and San Salvador will probably ere long be made a united republic. The British Government may possibly presume that our people are against their own Administration, or that they ill not suffer it to go to extremities either on theL enlistment ar Central American question. The only authority for this Will be in the tone of a portion of the American press towards the President personally. To this mnay be added representations from Englishmen in this country that the Administration, wanting popuaity on other questions, is using this controversy for affecb on the DemocraYic nomiuhtion for the Presidency in 18-56
i. ouR MLUT4RY 2YS2BEM. .. ' i 'tTUE EDITO '9 F"' TBn :' :X ' War tries tshe strength of -the iSti ftic ls in pesee that the fraewotk. itself mist bforme." - Napier, Pen' u1ar War. Sir,-Until the comneiicement bf the present cen'tury tEngland possess~d ziO public school for the .educatioi of infantry:iand cavalry ofli6rs; neither lad She an efficient stafl4 nor the means of . creating one. To iupply the first of ithese deficiencies a xiai- ryschool was, in thef yeir 1801,. etablished at .Great 1arlow; while,. 6 provide for 'the second, a similar institution was,' in the year 1799, founded at' High W nombe, and subcequently remnoved to Fain-' Law. -lhese two schools,now united at Sandhurst constitate the junior and%eiiior departments of the loYalMilitary College. The governor of thiis college is invariably a general officer, and toD im, under the control of a supreme board, are intrusted its interioreconomy,discipline, and general direction. The supreme board consists of 'the Conrnisnder-in-Chief, the heads of the principal military departments, 'and such general oflicers as Hler Majestl may. appoint. The senior department is sated in the Rbyal' -warrant to be established " for the pm-pose of instructing officers in the scientific part of their profesion, with the view of enabling them better 'to discharge their duty when acting in command. of regiments (the situation in which they canbest recommend themselves to us, and. be entitled to hope for advancement ia the higher stations of our service), and, at the same time, of qualifying themselves to be employed in the Quartermaster-Geier2a and Adjutant-General's departments,'r ln-earlier times the senior department had its own military xtaff; General Le Marchant and Sir Howard Douglas were attached to it, and General Jarry-!who had been on the personal staff of Frederick' the Great, who had served during the seven years' war, and who was a most distin'ushed officer-acted as scientific instructor. Professors for fortification, mathematics, and languages were also attached to the school. At the present moment there are buttwo ptofessors attached to the senior department. M. ltarrien, the senior professor of niathematics, teaches, in addition to his own proper branch, fortification, gunnery, tactics, caistrametation. The other professor teaches military surveying. Languages are taught by the professors of the jumior department, provided for and paid by the cadets, though there is full scope and ample demand for their undivided exertions in the junior school. The number of officers studying at the samne time in the senior department was originally limited to 30, which limit was in the year 1820 reduced to 15, and each of them pays 301. per anmun forhis education. The conditions required of a candidate for admisrion are that he shall not be under 21 years of age, that he shall have served with his regiment three years abroad pr four years at home, and that he shall be thoroughly versed in the tactics of that branch of the service to which he belongs. .e mrst also give proof of familiarity with the elements of arithmetic and algebra, and of the Latin, French, or German language. Those students who have been educated at the junior department of the college are expected to complete tlfeir course of study in three terms of six months each; those who have been educated elsewhere are allowed an additional term. Every student is examined at the end of each term, and if his progress be umsatisfictory he is recommended to join his regimnent. The final examination i5 liald before the supreme board at the end of the pupil's term of residence; those who succeed are presented -with certificates to the effect that they are duly qualified to undertalke the duties of staff officers. Here, then, is an institution fo-nnded expressly to educate our officers for that all-important branch of the army, the staff. In its earlier years it sent into the sersice many most valuable officers, who served on the staf; and during the Peninsular war, wahen the general staffiwas most efficient, the officers appointed to the Quartermaster-General's department were almost invariably chosen from those who had received the benefit of its education. Wshy, then, was the staff of our army so disgracefully inefficient atthe comunencement of the present ware Why did not that army benefit by the proficiency of the men thus trained for staff appointments? And vhy did it happen that out of 291 officers serving on the staff of the British army in the month of 1bL'w, 1854-two months after wve declared war against Rtuesi.-1S only had been trained in the aenior department of Sandhurst? The answer is disgraceful alile to our military system and to those who direct it ;-to the system, because, though ve provide the school and educate the officers, we do not insist on their being afterwards employed on those duties for which they have specially qualified themselves; their pains are futile and their time is wasted because the Commander-in-Chief and the Generals in the field may appoint on the staff whomsoever they choose, without reference to qualification, fitness, or service; -to those who direct the system, because favour, affection, and interest count for everything where they should coumt for nothing, and because the raw lad who has just been gazetted is certain of wvinning the race againlst the best officer that Sandhurst ever produced if he have " interest" at the Horse Guards, intheCabinet, or with a General officer conunanding a division or brigade. The officers of the staff enjoy aU the advantages of the army, such as higher pay, greater prounotion and distinction, superior comfort, and lialhter as well as more agreeable duties. It ws-ould thxerefore be but air that its appointments should be held out as prizes to he bestowved on oDicers of the greatest merit-on those who have rendered the most distinguished services, and, above all, on those only who are fully qualified. If the staff were so constituted, no other portion of the army would grudge the advantages it miight possess, anid merit would be certain of meeting with its due reward. But so far is this from being the case,. that although 216 officers obtained certificates of qualification at the senior school of Sandhurst in the period from 1836 to 18.54, only 20 were employed on the staff during the whole of that time; and of these 20, many(x gr, Sir W. Gomm, L;ord Hardinge, GeneraL iBainbrige, &tc.-obtained their certificates long be- i -fore the first-named year. In 1852 there were but seven officers on the whole staff of the British army who had passed through the senior school. When such encouragement was held out to military genius and successful industry, wh.at wonder is it that the asenior school has fallen rapidly into a state of 'deca-| dence and decay, and that at the present moment there are but six officers availing themselves of its advantages ? Let me give two instances of the benefits afforded by the senior school during the Peninsular war, as detailed in the evidence before the Sandhurst Commiittee. General Bainbrigge, wlho lately commanded in Ceylon, was sent, some time before the battle of Salamanca, to make a survey of three or four square miles-a good extent of country. 'He surveyed this country, galloping from point to point, stopping, either disnounting or not, and taking shots, as they are called, on his paper by the eye alone, without any instruments. In two hours and z half he had completed his survey. It was all extremely rough, but sufficiently clear for the purpose. He brought it to Lord' Wellington, esplained to him the different points, and the sketch was approved. During some portion of the time he was making the sketch he was iunder fire of the French skirmishers. The position was not actually taken up, but it was very near the spot where the battle of Salamanca was shortly afterwards fought. ln what position -would the gentlemen of Lord Rag]a's family staff have been placed had a similar service been required at their hands? When a military force was preparing for foreign service, in the year l80, a geneTal officer, a friend of Sir Ho-ward Douglas, then commandant of the senior department, came to him at High Wycombe, a and said that he had been appointed to the command of a brigade and kIew not what he night have to do in the course of service-perhaps in the operations of a siege, with the nature of which he wVas quite unacquainted. Hte knew infantry might be called upon to cover the opening of the trenches,: to cover the formation of parallels, to guard the trenches, to furnish working parties, to oppose and drive back sorties, and to assault the enemy's works, but he zcas totally inorant h he should ad in such cases, and entreated Sir Howard Douglas t'o give him at least a general -noption of approaches, parallels, the formation of gabions 'and fwine5, saps, and the other processes of attack and defence. Sir Howard iscted an intelligent carpenter to make one of the large models which 3re now at Sandhurst,. n constaitf we for the lechtres on the attack and defence of a hlf hexagon, of Vauban' first sratm. He then gave i ha a very crude ab1ad uadful idea 46f - xu&c -inatteri, Must*ide ' yTeere' tc. I j 1 1. I by retU&t h mode!.'- The. fih;d& ogate:.aeis e' alta Alege, atid'when-,'cey' met he told Sir Ho-. he should neverforgetthexee dayr.h iew hsh np .ith himw in thi mpdoiobmana d that it.was iinpossible to eonceile the 'onfidende wic tinit1nc. tion. ave him froa- rfee±ing tht 1 nderd sometbing Lof 'the .operation4a' i,, which heb w4s 4n-. gaged. That such ksiowledge night. have tbeen obtamed -ith adian,tage- 1 ni,aany b `*wb'bave' erved before Sebastopol _ay_beiiiff'&Zd frim Sir HId6ard Douglas's curt- and'pitihy -reply to a question of Colonel Dunne-- who- a;ked, 'Have not,a great niaiy of thosec men who-ba*e gone out>withbutlany previous knowledge- of f6raifi6atiozi acquiied aprActical knowledge -umder fire inxtlie-trenches.'? Answer.-" Yes; and mnany qives have been Io-t I consequence." - I But the whole question"is virtiuiyllset atrest the superiority of Sandburst officers for-thestaff, and the practical neglect of them in time of peace, are admitted by General Wetheiall, t adjaint-genea, the Horse (Guai{s witness, and himself'a pupil of the senior schobl. He says (I put the questions and answers into a narrative fonr4)tb,t latterly a very great preference has been shown to staff ofcers educated at' Sandhurst; that this preference was on account of the supposition that they were better fitted for staff appointin6ents, which supposition arose from- their -having had a; better education; that - this supposition was ascorrect ten years ago as it is now, only the Sandhurst pupils did niot get the benetit of it.* Suirely comment on such an admission is stperfluous. Thus do our military authorities -neglect to fortu the framework of the staff during peace. What wonder that when war tries its rtrength it tumibles to pieces ? COSMOPOIdTAN.
ELECTION INTELLIGENCE. -Mvpthr. A meeting of the electors of Edinburgh laeld on Thursday, in the Music-hall there, caled by M1r. Adam Black, vo hear his address, as a candidate for the city. The meeting was a verycrowdedone. The LORD PROVOST, who presided, said-Before proceed. mng to the business for which we have been convened I take leave to propose that the electors should embrae tbis, the earliest and most .apropriate occasion which has presented itself, of offering to the Rig&tHon. Mr. Macaulay the expression of oar deep regret at the necessity inder vhich he has felt himself to aissolve his connexion with this city, and of our warmest sympathy with him under that impaired strength which is the camse of his ceasing to repreo sent us in the House of Commons. (Applause.) We have. formerly been represented in Parliament by emument statesmen and great orators, imenof profound erudition and silUed in elegant literature; but I do not know that we have before I seen among us one who combined in his person the talents of the poet, the orator, the statesman, and the historian. ( (Cheers.) The annals of our city are adorned with the names of men illustrious in every deparhnent of literature and of science. They will derive addi. tional lustre from our connenion with him whom I must now call our late representative. It is a subject of sincere satisfaction to us to know that, althoiighhe ceases to he our representative, he is still *ble to devote his treat talents to the cultivation of these pusits wvhich have tended so much to improve and to adorn the literature of his ountry. (Applause.) His e.xertions in the character of a Iegislator are now to terminate. We shall watch with even more intense interest than before those brilliant cmanations ofhis genius which are constantly being diffsed among us. He carries into his retirement the respect and admiration of all classes of the community for the services which he has rendered to this city ind to his country. (Applause.) I have now to propose that this meeting shall present the following address to-Mfr. Macaulay - "To TNI RIGnT Ho,S. T. BA:nsrGTON MLACAULAY, &. " We, the electors of the city of Edinburgh, in publie meeting convened, beg to offer you the expression of our deep sorrow and regret at the announcement of your resi nation as one of our rCpresentativeS in Parliament. We shall never cease to reflect with pride on your connexion with this city as one honourable to the constituency whose unsolicitedsuffrages devolvedon you the clarge of theirmost valued rights. In common with our fellow-countrymen, we lament theloss tothenation of the talents displayed by you in the Senate, which have uniformly commanded the highest admiration. We entertain the fervent hope that those great mental endowments which are now no longer; available in the House of Commons wi long continue wvith as bri}liant success as heretofore to be devoted to the eshiichraent of our country's literature and the illustration of her history. Requesting your acceptance of this expiession of our warmest gratituce and regard, we bid you ail affectionate f=rewlLt"t! MAr. Sheriff ALUCF.&r r :E seconded the address, !which was adopted amid great enthusiasm Mr. Biacs: then addressed the meetin. After edyressing sympathy with the address anl regret that their late distinguished representative had felt it necessary to etire, he expressed hisdeep sense of the responsibility of thk trust he now solcited. e justified the presentwar; but,1 while war was a gigantic evil in itself, he trusted and believed that its results would he fraught with good, not only to our allies, but to our enemies. He proceeded to say that he had been charged with entertaining anti-Protestant principles, because he woul'd not vote against the M,aynooth enaowment. Now, he made bold to say that there was not a man here who had more coutantly and considently mainkained the true ground and fundamental doctrine ofProtestahtisin, which was this-that a mn's religion rested only between him and his Creator, and that neither priest nor king'had a right to interfere with these opinions, and no Govertmment had any right to elevate one section of religionists and to depress another. (Cheers andhisses. jNowf,withthese opinions, he camo to consider the case of Ire'lanc Hie found there that an established church was maintained at the expense of 865,535g. for the benefit of about 852,864 persons bebigins to that communion. The Catholics i%x Ireland nu'oered nearly 6,500,ODD, and they received as compenation for their support of an alien church the Maynooth endownent The Catholics paid 2s. a-head, or 12s. per family, every. year to support Protestanism, and the return they got was ld. per family for the suport of their religion, the Presby. terians receiving back about half their proportion of contribution in the shape of.sgniumn DoDUmn. Now, he would ask any reasonable man if this was ustice. (Hear, hear.) He quite agreed that the money paid to Maynooth should be draw~n, but let them have fair play. He should most heartily support any motion to iquire into the whole subject of the ecclesiastical revenues of Ireland, but he would not be any party to a motion that merely gave one religious sect a triumph over another. (Cheers.) A resolution in favour of MIr. Black was passed amid loud cheering and some disapprobation. LEEDS. The wit for the election of a member for this borough was received yesterday morning, and the eection will take place on Wednesday morning next in the Coloured Clothhall-yard, at 11 o'clock. Mr. Baines, it is expected, will be nommnated and seconded by Ir. J. Wilkinson, nfarspinuer, chairman of his election committee, and Mr. Lu. Lupton, chairma of the Chamber of Commnerce.
TEE STEAMSHIP BEZGIQUE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-We, the tndersigned, passengers by the Belgique steamship from E ngland to Neswr York, hasing been com pelled tosremain at this port in consequence of the-mis. fortues which have attended .that vessel, and, after great difficulty, having to-day made our own terms with the agents and captain of the ship in: reference to our just: claimls f.or loss of P,aasagOe, delay, &c., feel aB pleasure In awarding our most smncere thanks to The Timanewspaper for the very lmpa!t al, straightforward, and truthful way in .which our painful condition has been made known. Your corse. spcondent at Southampton was in all instances anxious to elicit the truth, and, for his satisfaction as well as for that of the p ic, we arehappy to state that in no iistance has he misstatedorasrtedhat which is incorrect.i We also award our united and gatel thanks to fr. i: A. Smith, the G6vernment emigration oflicer at Southam pton, for the interest he has exhibited in our behalf; and feel a pleasure in informing that gentleman, through you, that his unexpected kindness will ever be remembered by us all. Wp. are- 9ir vmnr v." hls - JOfN JONIES. D. D. EVANS, WILLIAM HENRY DAW. AUG. VAIER. THiOA S JONES. XZ;XKK rkANON, rassengets per Jse%ique. Others would have 8geaL but were abseut. Southampton, Jan. I. .
TEE EofrE DB VnTi, RAxaEE.-The selected design for the proposed Rathbaus, or tel de Ville, at Hzmhirurg, hasmany and great beauties, in spite of an objection to a portion' of it which occurred to us -on first seeing the drawing in the exhibition-at the Royal Acadei and, when carried into executiohi, will increase the already sufficient fame of the author of it, Mr. G. G. Scott. T blding wil be a completeiGovenment house, embraing all the various office requsired for the differe-at department-s of the Government of an independent Stat and a great commnercial city. The leading-deparinments areas folow-- L. That for the senate; comprising a Igige hall and several counnittee-rooms, offices, waiting-rooms, -roomns- for archives, La. 2. That of the representatives of the citizens - consisting of a hall of great size, in which the senate an citizensmeet every month for the discussion of -matters of state; committee-roos,- an rooms for therepresentatives of the several parishes- into which- the city- is divied. 3. The finan depainent; embracing that of direct taxes, those of indirect taxes, Vustoms, excise, andastanpe; offices for the regulation of trusteesp the pr department, &C. 4. Law courts, both civil an4chils 5. Miscellaneous public officos The Great Cor,or "Gehege," wouia be used by merchants and othr b hive business of a public as well as of a commercial nature, -an off-shoot, in fact, of the Exchange, in the midst of the Public offices.-Rsitdem-., -- tXL),ttThere igstill nostbingbgi ra0uas-or a~r n hasve -nceased. Scaroely any transactionx.zs tare g-Ige
t V t ' ' 'AV P.POIR. ' -COURT-OFQUEEN: W : V; i- - t ;- . - ;; Bst OF m@ O1LT. -. *-:ngiaUWi A+14 ' . e . r The cause list folrtiesesittzngs contains an entry of Only 3 cue,nl rare mked for * .- -GREAVnI V.. 5owERBi ANb OThErtS | jr Se -a~WUlknsand Itr; Huddlemstosi the plaint;. and 3Mr. d n e .c., a n fo-tedefendant. C.,pnig sll caset Itheury * 3fr.. Serjeant W Fif in' opemng this We to the j stated that the Vlaittiff, ElisGreavegs, was. a young livingintheesabihhinentofMissDeiSeu, a ladyresidiniglk harbrother, atNo.1, hrtonstret,Berkeley- are,andcarryingonamiliieryrbusiness~irthatplace. Thedefe5i4ants wereMs. Sowerby, ofthefirmofSowerbya4ndTatton, i'the Regent-circus; Oxford-street; ind some other persoha in his establishment, who were sued for an act of'tresas, in causing the plaintiff to be taken' into custody en the 'vclu of the l6thof October last, uona charge' of a- iisgLb money. The plaintiffwas taken down the whole le¶n7gt of Oxford-street to'thestatibn in St. Gilesis, and ' te searched. She was, ho,7ever, bailed out late 'atni 1t by Miss Descou's brother, and the next day appearedlstfdra magistrate to answerthe charge.' It was then proved that the money wams good, and the l?laintiffwai deshargd.; The Ieavnedserjeant commnted with a just sevesity 'upo the dence, and particularlg his offer to comp,romoise the affirh,y the offer of the paltry sum of lOl.J which.had been: paird into. Eliza Greaves. the p]vinit was then examined. §he was a young lady of versypreposessing rdanniers, aiid, gave' herevidence with such evident truth -aind propriet assa peared to excite the utmost interest in her avour. said,-I am the darghter of Lieutenint Greaves, latI of the Fostleer Guirds. - hei an. Asistaat Poor law Comniscioner. I was employed in the establishment of Madame Descou, 11, Bruton-street, Berkeley-square.- She is a miliner. I have been in her establishnent nine moniths. i have a sster named Ollyla in an establishment in George. street, Hanover-square. On the 16th of October'I borrowed 6g. of my sister. I did not lear 'at -the modley. It was two alf-crownsand a shilling. I had occasion tomnae some small purchases, and went to Messrs. Soweby iand Tatton's, in Regent-circus. I purchased several articles, and. gave two half-crowns in payment.. They took thai money away. I had to wait some time for change. In the mean. tune two of the young men in the shop spoke to me and asked mc if Ihadreceivedm Tchinge. Isaid "No.'i After that a policeman cnnet in with hIrW ilson, the cashier. The policeman came in a quarter of an hour. The policeman told me I had been passing. bad money, and he must take me into custody.. I said I did not know the money was bad, having only a few minutes before received it from my sister. .1 told him where r lived, and my nane, and my sister's residence, and her -name. I said she lired at No. 9, George-street, Hanovcr. Isqar he. That i only five minu;tes walk from the shop. I ased them to go wi th me to see if what I said was correct, and entreated temnotto take me into custody. htr. 'W-i1 son would not hear a word I said, mld the policeman said I must go with him. There was a crowd'round the shop. It was about 8 o'clock. The policeman took iue round by the side door. I was taken thronghgthe crowd, and kent n the street quite 10 minutes, till Mfr. Willson and MSiss filatman could join me. It was very wet under foot. I was kept on' the pavement, with-a crowd stariding round me. Mr. Wilson and Miss ilatian came out. MIiss Ilatman had served' me with the goods. I wras taken all dow n Oxford-street to Gqorge- street, St. Gibes's. The crowvd assembled on seeing the policeman come into the shon. I waLked aal down the street. The policeman was walking close by my side. HE w as in his umorm. Mr. Wilson and Mtiss Filatman walked just behind. The charge was entered. I was searhed by the female searcher. She took everything off me, and opened myniouth. Iwas kept standingon the cold stones while i my Clothes werebeing searched. My shoes and stocl were taken off while I was searched. I was kept in a cll three hours. I repeatedly-wished them to send 'for my friends. That ws in the presencoe of 1r. WilsoL and Miss Flatman. 'I tod theme I lived at No. IL, Bruton-street, and mcy sister at No. 9, George-street, Hanover-square. They were in the room when I was taken in to be se-rched. Mr. Descou came. Ho took me home in a cat. The inpector allowed me to go. The next morning I went to the police courL I was put into the dock. Iwas charged with passing bad money. Witnesses vere examined-Mr. Wilson and M1iss Flatman. They persisted in the charge. The charge was dismissed by Mr. Broughton. The money was proved to betgood. Iha hadn bI i a delicate state of health previous to that evening. I was about an hour in the doclk before the magistrate. There were a great many people in the police-court. Cross-exammied.-The magistrate sent out to Dr. Park-es to have the half-crowns tested chymicaUyo They were brought hack in about 10 minutes. I was at a salary at Madame Descon's. Iam there now at the same salary. I first consulted Mr. Day, my attorney in this matter, on the Saturday following. He is a relative of MIr. Descoi's. Mr. Cockereli did not call before the action was broughit. He called before the 6th of lDecemnber. I saw this advertise. ' ment of the 12th of November in new Tites newspaper. Mr. Cockerell told me Mr. Sowerby had put a pub lic al logy both in Vlic 2inics and Mornin~g Post. He did not ats if Iwished any Alteration or adlition. He howead me the advertisement in the M-rorning Post. He said he would pagy the expenses which had been incurred. He said M1r. Cowerby tlhought the apology which had appeared was sffi.' j cient. He offered me 101. I did not say it was sufficisnt, northatitwasnot. Partof itwasnottrue. ItsaysI was released on the appearance of my sister. I was not released till Mr. Descon came and tendered hail. Hle (M1r. Cockcerell)' offered 3e101. besidespaying all theexpens-es. Mr. Deacou saw the apology. Mr. Day saw it the same ni-ht, on the 12th. He did not advise mte not to accept it. 1r. Vilson did not weigh the coin in my presence. did not know what the sergeant said at the station. Re-examined.-Mr. Descou attended before the magiS. trate. I do not khow who Mr. Cockerell is. When he called I told him Mr. Day was 3ny attorney. Before Mr. Coc'k-erell camelI had instructedMr. Day to bring the action. It was four weeks before, on the Saturday after this took place. This passage in the advertisement is false :-"M3iss Greaves was then told that the coins appeared bad, and she was asked where she obtained them. She replied that her sister gave them to her, and she then expressed a wish that she miht he plermitted 'to leare the house. I knew nothing about it Xtill thc polleeen came in.They said nothing about my giving my address. I did that re. peatedly, and also my sister's. The advertisement referred to was hero read. It appeared in 17Th Timt7ns on the 12th of November, and was as fol- "Messrs. Sowerby and Tatton, of Regent-eircus, Oxfordstreet; sik- mercers, feel it due to Miss 3iza Greaves of Xo. 11, Bruton-street, Berkeley-square, to the public, as well as to themselves, to give an explanation of the circumstances under which she was charged with an offence which, upon invesTtiation poed to be groundless. The facts are theme -n the evening of the 16th of October last Miss Greaves (who was a stranger at our establishment) purchased articles to the value of 3s. 9d., and, in payment, gave to our assistant two half-crowns, whiqh had the ap pearance of being counterfeit, and were shown by the assistant to the Cashier, -who, from the extraordinary ap. pearance of the coinr, believed them tobe bad. Miss Greaves was then told that the coins appeared bad,. and she was asked 'where she obtained them. S he replied that her sister gave them to her, and she then exprsed a wich that shae might be permittd to leave the hue The cashier, entertaining no doubt that tli coins were bad, they having lih weight,nS which conftirmemdhis u5sfpicion, and hMe thereupon cled in a policeman, and explained the facts to him; whos Gexamied thecons Uand eaahleso pronhounhcedd thenm bad. coin in hepseso,we be handed t h oiea Rs illing, hh phad asimila earanee to the halro: Oar assistant then told the proieman that, as our firm had suffeed severely by almost aaily taking counterfeit-coin, he (the assistant) felt hound trotet his employerad he then gave Miss Greanves in chare., She wras then ~en to the police-station, where the coins were examined by the inspector, who did not hesitate to pronounce that they were base, and the charge was then entered, but shortly after. wards Miss Greaves wias allowed to depart, on the a pelrance of her sister, and upon her promise to attend hefore the magistrate on the following morning, when she proved that she had receivedl them from her sister and that the c:uliar appearance of them was occasioned by their having nuput into her pocket, where she had a quantity of quicksilver, which ad discoloured the money, The magistrate,' his clerk-, and also the 'inspector, carefully examined the coins, and, there 'stil being a doubt as to whetbhertheywerenotbad, the magistrate desired therin. spector to tak them to a competent person and hvar them tested, which was done, when they were found to bes gioo Miss Grea.ves wasa, of course, imseiatel exonerated frOm tecag,and left the court with her friends.,Th above are the facts. 'We deeply deplore the eror which was committed. We are iln g to do all in oTtt power to make rep, a nr and we thhrefore voluntariy txpress our extreme regret to Mi Greaves for the pain and ouge we have most usivillingly'occasioned her, and desire most fasyto exonerate her from all blame." is - Olivia Greaves said,-I am. the sister of the plaintiff. On twe 16th of October last my sister borrowed some money of me. I gave her two haif-crow isanl a shbiling. That evening a policeman Came, and 1went' with him to Mhr. Sdwerby's. It was about halfdpat 9 o'clock.. I told Mr. Sowerly I had pven my sister the mnoney a short time before, andl I kniew it was good.', I toldl how it had become discoloured; that Ihad had 'some quicksilver in my pocket. IHe said it was too late to interfere that night,; they.'w*ere ta)dag bad' m1oney e_ver day, and'they must make ans example of some' one. I sed hbum if m sister was to ibe in prison all ni&iht, and he said, 'Pies." He' then whispered to theI policemaan and the other gentleman. I thenL left t'he"l 0-on (5ros-exkanhed.-This money had beenLput 'with some' quicksilver. I had had it ih. mipocket with somequicksilver, and it had lliscolQuredit. ' I had been out visiting, and saw something in a bottle.'; friendshednme if I knew whatit was ? I said, " No." She said ahe wovuld gine me some in .apaer,ancldiclSe I ' . - .oliu Chiswell.-I ama police-constable.. I w-s on duty. in'Oxford-street between 8 and .9 o'clocJ. 'Iwas sent for to :Mr. Sowerby's. I saidI tho: t'tha lf-coswere' rey bad. -I went into the p and saw' the young hdy, sitting in the chair, andaskedlier where she had the money from. She said she had it' froil her sister, who lived at No. 9, Georgcstreet, Hanover-quare. She (the plaintiff) said'she was not aware they'were bad. I asked ber if she hadany more money, and shehanded me a shilling from 'cr 'glove. She saidshe lived'atlNo.'U1, Braton'.street, Bondstreet. ' She afterwards' told mes her name and her sister's, She requested u to iend to 1ier iigter to see if'it was cor rect. ' IC c s9ay sb Xrepa eeed it. ' She taid it erial times,' TheI= 'e lacy her. sister lives is Aveo minru walk fronm . Soweribj- Theri werese6ierteil sons in the abop. ' It was about uti z time, I 'd -*t, WILsQatit th i?s Wmadd, wflliAsbQ;ig believdaitw Ass b4VId Ike b.Wd hWdOMuch bad moisey lately that he must pat -a.-stop to it. I did not see manyI lP.,le~; ' .I Nye beeu subrned) bgte Dhe;r ide. -j did - lae crowd collecte.. .Westeppid4 otside a fei minutes while,3Miss Flatman ptherboanft-on: It bia beet raining, and it w.s rathr damp. 'It4was wet underfoot.L- (the witnexs for sometimo lesitaitea; as if awilbing to admit that the pavement was wet.) : " - Lord CA ELL-Whatedo yon meian by saying " rather.dampl" ' ' - ' 1 The Witness continue&.-Ae .the station the plaintiff said she was not aware the half!-crowns were bad, and repeatedly askedtheto6sQndforherfriends. I went t,ttEerequest of thOe tor. Ifouidherastatement to be-corrict. I went to Mr.'Sowerb , and told him thad found-her'state.- ment to lbe correct.'. Ke said,-h_ewas very sorry.; the money was good, but he had' left it in Mr. WilMoU's hands, and wished her to be let out onbMil. I am ubpcenaed by .r 'Haines (defendant's attorneyl iy statement was taken' down, in the presence of;the.it spector. Thenoin v ary bright and greasy. I went ivith the scrgealo Mr. Weeks, a hymisat, after I had been to the sister's, to hav, it exp le1ned. - - Mr. Descou said,-e tercairici 6nminlrut;o. street, as millner isGrae is -Iinh employment. On the 16th of Oer I heard ofseOething, and took a cab and went to the statiou, indbroughther(the laintiff home. I found her -very agitate and excited. IsaidI must have her ouLt. The inspector said he thought the moneY was good, or he was doubtful whether it was bad, and he let me take her. Cross-examined4.The iipector took ,my baiL.- It was bout ai quartser astAL - I saw theAdveirfsement i I7s .lTimes i saw Mr. ( ockere11 -hen 3ie cOie'L -Mess 'reaves left him andcame into my room.' Mr.'Cocke&rll'br4u'bht the paper with himn Shetold me Mr. C6ckerell had caled, and Ewent to him. 'She did not. consult'me. ' 3Mi. JAIES here made a prop l toMr. Serjeant Wilkdns, .iwho at once said, "dS let it -" ..It was undersaod to be a proposl that 'is lordship shouid say.whatdamages the plaintif oughttohave. ' '- e e : Janss here .itted -that he. was- extrnmely desieous -that the defendant should stand right in this matter. t li lordshiWmas now in.s= on o the whDle fat6q thb case.: Tlie apology h, been inse,red ini -Ti Times and -Mornifng.Pos, and if there was any sht ac'cr'ay $n it, he was assured the inaccuracy was unintentional. The statement had been prepared by Mr. Haines,the defen ant's solicitor. ' 6rd CAMPBELL said that, ashie law now stood, both parties agreed, he wvai bound to try the cause, and;h was -now Teady to give his opinion, if both pasties agreed.; This being done, his Lordship said,-I am of, opinion that the .10&: paid into court is not 6ufficient compensation f6r'the laintiff. entertain no doubt of the respectability dfthe defendants, and that they meant to do what was right'; Ibut stil I think their conduct was very hash and very inconsiderate. This youngwoman (the plaintiff) spoke, for her-self; she carried along with her a letter ofrecommendation* , for never in my life, since I wmas caLed to. the bar, bhave i .seen-a witness whose conduct in. the witness-box was Imore' -unexceptionable. And I entertain no doubt what her demeanourWm.s when in-the 'defendant's shop- tested by her demeanour to-day. 'I think' the defendants acted veory -harshly in not sending for the 'sister and employer of the -plaintiff. The very statement advertised by the defeihdant gave no reason why aladylike the plaintiffshould be carried -through the streets. -I could hav6 wished thit' that apology -had come sooner. It is tre the ilefendant expressed his re:gret but he did not dot so til the l2thof November, whereas -this trausaction took place on the 16th of October, and no apology was made until after 'instructions had been given. to commence the action. Under all the circmstances,i sin. :of o,pinion that the samp of 101. is nbt sufficient, but that an -additional sum of 0l.shoulad begiven tothe plaintiff by way of damages. - r. Seriesut WILscLIS asked his Lordship to certify for aspeCial jury, which his lordshipsaid he would do accord- .iEASOR V. BiRUCE AD A 5OTER. Mr. Edwin James and MIr. Hawidns-appeared for the -plaintiff; Mr. Seijeant Wilklin appehred for thldefetidant 'Bruce; and Mr. J. J. Powell for King, the other defendant. Mr. JAsIs said this was an ction brougt' by a gentle-man- who filled a situation as clerk in the Custom-rouse to recover damages from the defendants for a libel published in the CirM Servicc Gao4 of which the defendant Bruce vwas formerly the editor, and the other defendant King, -was the proprietor. The libel charged the plaintiff with the crime of embezzlement. The action was brought to vindicate the plaintiff's character, and the defendants were now abont to -retract the charge, and make an apology. : Mr. Sejeant WnWSc, on the part of King, the proprietor of the journal, said the article coup1ained of had becn improperly inserted by the former editor, and he (the learned serjeant) was now instructed -by the proprietor to express his regret that such a charge had ever appeared in .his journaL He entirely disclaimed the charge, and felt that' this amnende honora41c was due to the laintiff. Mr. POWELL (vwith whom was fzr.BeasIiy),on the part of Bruce, the formner editor, said there was a question of disputed accounts between the plaintiff and King--a subject upon which a good deal might gene-ally be saidlon both sides; but the word "embe7zlement" had been inadvertently usqed by the defendant King.- All he had meant to say wasthattlhe accountswere not in a satisfactory state. MIr. JA31ES said the rerdict would be, by consent, for 51. Sa. Lord CoarSBELL directed the jury to find accordingly. TIScED:No}RF V. )ISTIN. - - Mr. Edwin Jamnes Q.A, and Mr. Hawkins appeared for 'th paintHff; and MIlk AL Chambers for the defendant. Ihe plaintiff in this action, W. Tischendorf, was aln Austrian Pole, and the defendant, Henry John Distin, was a member of " the Distin family," and a manufacturer of wind instrnments, carrying on business in Cranbqurnestreet. The plaintiff sned the defendant to recover damages for the breach of an agreement into which he had entered on the 25th of July 14t to employ the plaintiff as his foreman, andto find hlm a certain amount of work by the nlontb, forwhich he wvas to be paid at a certain rate, according to a scale annexed to the agreement; It appeared in evidence that the defendant, having a gret press of business, had 'given the plaintiff more work than he ad contracted to do, wheteby the plarntiff'sprofits were largel inoreased, 'so that, after paying the w-orken whom he employed under him, he had- -a profit of abouvt 6!. or 7!. a-week left for himself. According to the plaintiff's statemnent, the defendant in the course of a few weeks becameo dissatis- fled wvith thle agreemnent, which was entered into for the! period of seven years, and, observing to the plaintiff thathe would be rich as soon as himself, the defendant proposed that the plantiff shiould enter into a fresh agreement,' whereby he was to rece*ve a 'weekldy sum' of 21.10Os., and 10 per cent. The plaintiff refused to accede to this proposal, and, being a foreigner, he neglectedhis work on the following, day, and wrent awna - to consult the Austrian Ambassador. Hte was there told he had better consult a solcitor. He returned to his work at 4 o'clock the same day, but was then told byMlr. TheodoreDistin, who representedthe defendant, liat he had broken his contract by absentin himself from the worL-shop without leave that morning. vHe was it tho same time discharged from any furthler attendance.! The agreement contained a provisot atthe engamentmightbe dissolved by notice and the payment of 50!. The defence was that the plaintiff had broken his,greement, as before stated, and had otherwise been so irregular as to justify the defendant in discharging him altogether. lord C¢anrPBL, in summing up the evidence, said it seemed to him that the defendant repented of the agreement, and wanted toget rid of it ; but the jury wouldform their own opinion. '-he jury found their verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 507.- -- Mr. CMsaXsEMs applied to the Court to stay execution, on theground that it had been disproved thatthe ?laintiffhad sustained damage to that amount. The plaintiff had only been three weeks out of employ. Ar. JAMES said the agreement was for seven years, and might have been dissolved by notice and the paymentof 501. The Court of Exchequer had only yerday decided against Mfr. Chambers argument. Lord CA3IPiELL refused the application, and added he was of opinionthe plaintiff could-not bringanother action. j Verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 50!. AXAM A4ND WFE V. ANDREWS. Tr.IL Chambers,Q.C., and Mr. Petersdorffappearied for the plaintiffs; and- Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Ea Wns for the defbndant. - - MIr. Cw"inns said this was anractionbroughttorecover damages for an injury sustained bythe plaintiff's wife, by reason of the alleged negligence of one of the defendant's carmen. The carna;n-was now. dead, and 'consequently could not be called as a witness. The defendant had aeed to a verdictw for the plaintiff for1001.; and he (Mr. Chambers)saidthe defendantfs conduct was very generons,-and krind, and handsomee, and that he wFould say so in public court. He had now fulfilled his promaise. - Mr. JAsSIES, on the part of the defendant, consented to the verdict. -- Verdict for the plaintiff-Damages, 100I.
COURT OF EXCHEOUr. FMB. L. (Siftings at ATisiJrium, before the CEF BaMOH.) The entry for these sittings consists of 11 special and 40 common jurg causes. DICEgRS V. PETEII PIcSTON. MIr. Hawkdns was counsel for Ihle plaintiff; Mr. Prendergast and Mr. Quain appeared for the defendant. This was an action m wi ch tbIeplaintiffsought under one eount to recover daniages for an aleeed breaking and entering into his house in April, and,-under another, rent for the use and occupation of the same premises from that The defendant pleaded not gdilty, never iDdebted; id not possessed. tI - e- d n o. It appeared t-hat :the son of 'the defendan, who s a respeclble butcher, had taken the house in question, and that the aleged trespass consisted of. an entry effetted by father and son into 'the house in' question by remoning a Toose shutter during the temporary absence of a man who had the ebarge of it, and that the occupation was that of the soin, anmd ot of the father. The CHBs BAROk' left it to the juxy, -to say whether the plaintiff had made out a:caso against the defendant on Cither ground. The staleness of thedemandhada strong tendency to: show that there n ever had been- iny real cause of action agnst the father, whatever there might havo been against heson.- ' j The jury, after a brief consultation, found a verdict gor thedefenaant. , - , wATs - v. d0ftf!L-' -- MSr. Ho and -Mr. Francis were counsel for the plainWfn; Mr. S .eant W1lkin and Ir. ance apOare for, the defeudant. .Theglantiff is m,sin Icewo an, sgaed38,resdinS*itWh'er- -a -sclioA is .carried:on-with Jhe asties~no of the plaint-IL~ C U4o dete fndint, is i,jobxnaster, and this was an actioin to eCoDver compensationi- for seious xnjory soLstainiea bytVie lantiff tbrD'' the.bnegligenct of- his coachmana, :when vig eLcien Bnpresarse iLta~d ~hi~tthe plaiiff;V liavin~ been pent by her lenceas t ren er inserigblelfqr 16 hours.' At tkeexpiraiono that period itab plaintiE fouii&herself in the Maxryleone workhomse whithe~ bedliad bediicbnveyed after having "been taken ini the: filtf inst~ne to'aci~'mist'a shop. The -result of the- Injury 4o tistaned- on that occasion was persnanent deafness and a diseaselof the, spn wh chcca.sioned get painnd"is kipromised toP be permianent in its ~h r;ce.I the fl&- instancethe plaintiff brought her action agai~it thd Prince,but se'waosithen zionsuited,on1 the ground that the dffendant~ as jobmaster, and not fhe Prince, as -the-hirer of the eirTriae,wslae,fanoe was, for the Unfortunate accidehtw1lich had biNafen her. 'Upon that thepresent 7-actioni ias broght agirs the jo? master, and by wn of answer itw*as sought ait one -period of the cae0,~ toomutedto the niff thatshe was ine briated on th night in queston"and that the accident mht be attxibutable-1646erowifca nsoesjfmbt the lain.tffand er. aittleth' netltrn4iton iiith a irc denia; .n evenu~Uythe earne- ~oui an o- both sidas agred t leve te qeston t didagstoIMedecision? Of Chief Baron. ~ ~ an
EXCHREQUER CHRAMBP. r13iR 3Y' t COOPER V. SAfl --.n~t I (;taMgSin ,&r0r. r raeCnt4-BarOna t-ANLNtsONi MA.Tn ' a2ld BRAMWELT ancd justkcs CR EWEL,: WxL1M ~ mvnt c(,nwrnv-1* A-, I *; The declaration is- this ease stated that an electioai took place for the boroiqt.T of Cambzidge., The seventh connt stated that the .plhatiffsusd thle defendaunt for that he, -after the passmingo h t and8h: Vict6oAyca,ipi 102 promised mlney to one P.ichfard C4rr, who w n av oter for the said borough, to induce Carter to. vbte At th'e 'electibn Xfor the defendant, by which lhe .forfdted- the. sum of: IOO1 The eighth count vas that: the 'defendant did corrlptly giemoney to Carter, be sni voer, on accout of hi lxving voted for tlhe"defendanat,'-by which' he- forfeited another 10O. At the trial it was proved that Carter, being a voter andabeing'at H3tingdoni received a-dircular isue by the commiitee of lord ilaidatone and lr. Slade, 'and staing in-a postscript ;hatif hecame'tovote hiiailwayfare would be paid; that Carter'cazne and voted, and was raid 8s.fos hissailwayfae. hdiss on at thetime hvivng taken place, a law book vith ajudguent of Chief Justice Tindal having been produced, Mr. Slade gave it as his opinion that, in accordance with that judgVent, such payment.of , travelling expenses was legaL. Nzfr. Baron Parke, beforp whom the case was tried, delivered his oPmnion to the jury, that the matter ouhttolbefIttothemfor theirconsideration, and that if the jurywere satisfied upon the evidencethiat the defendant did himself, or by other, by his authorityg promise money to iihard Carter in order to induce hiuin to vote for the defendant, they should find upon 'that couat for the plaintiff, although the money paad was only the railway fare; and that if the jury were satisfied upon the evidence that the defendant did give money to Carter on. acount of that, and that the moving cause of his giving the *money was his voting for the defendant, they should find .a verdict for the plaintiff upon the eighth count, althouglh it'was only -the railway fare, and althougli the defendant honestly beieved he. was committing no offence. To this ruline there was a bill of exceptions. The jury found for the plaintiff. Mr. Knowles and Mr. Crouch appeared for-the defendant. The first offence chargedwas the promise to give money to Carter in order to induce him to vote; aud; the second was the corruptly giving money to Carter on aeo6unt of his having voted.,Thelearnedconsel submitted that the leamned Baron's charge waas wrong upon both these cofints.. Upon the seventh count there was no case to goto thi jory of Mr. Slade's having promised money to the,voter 'to come up to vote; and further that travelhng expenses were legal expenses. As to the eighth count, it was subiiitted that the ilearnedu e's charge was wrong, inasmuch as le, did not leave it to the jurv to say whiether the money.had-been paid corruptly. le did not use the word "corript" 'orgive any' explanation of it; but left it simply whetliei the mioney was p aid, and that the ruling cause was his having voted - and further, that the learned judge ought to liave toldithe jury that these were legal e axenes. The question arose upon the 17th and 15th Victori, cap. 102. The first question would be what was meant by legal expenses. E travelling expenses were illegal in Cambridge and Oxford one-half of the constitu6ney would not vote at alL Baron ALERsN.-We have nothing to dowith that. Mr. KIOWTns.-At the time this act passed there were various heads of expenses upon the legality of which there was a dbubt-cockades, refreshments, &c.-and by, this act those things were deemed to be illegal, but the act did not say anthimg about travelling expense. There w nothing in paying travelling expenses which corrupted nr degraded the voter. -It was different from purchasing his vote. The paying the railway fare did no' make a mn' richer or poorer. There was 'nothing immoral or illegaL.- loney paid to a witness was not only legal, but was commanded. - lIr. Justice ClREssWEs.L.-Treating a witness was not illegaL Mr. Baron ALDRsox.-And by no means' unusuaL It was for the benefit of the public. Mr. KNoNwLs.-Acrmanalprosedution wasforthe benefLt of the pbli. , . - I . . I Mr. Juatice CRsSWXL.-I eriminal prosecutions you do not nay expenses, becuose it is for the public benefit. hlr. :wrs.-The act doesnot makethis illegaL You rmight take the voter in your own carriage. Mr. Baron ALDERSON.-Sup g yon take' a secial train, and youtakeeveryman who comes andwinkswit the left eye, but not if he winks on both sides. Mr. Baron Ba VES.r..-Do you mean to say if a candidate were to say to a person, " lf you will cone from a distanceto the poll and poll for meI 'will pay yout expenses,," that.that would not be within the statute; or do you mean, "Come; whether you vote for me or not, I will pay your expenses ;" was that within the statute ? Mr. KNOWLES said the latter certainly was not. He thought travelling expenses were pointed at by legal expenses. If a man gave more than the travelling expenses then it would be a question for the jury whether it waa not fora corrupt pu e. Mlr. Baron Wl V.-Supposing a man said, " I dor,t care about voting; I wvon't go to the expenseo" you say, "T Then I will pay for you,"-is not that an inducement to vote ? Mr. Baron BRA.MXUwm.-Supposing you said,, " I know you want togoto York and vote for my adversary, but he is too poor to pay; but I know you want to go to York - if you will vote lor me 'will paw,"-is not that within the act . M1r. Kyowns would admit that it was. He would urge that there was no proof of an authority yMt. SLade to promise to pay. It was paid by an agent, who had, under the act, tc communicate with the auditor of the dection expenses. There was no authority to promie to pay. Mr Slade merely expressed an opinion that such a payment was legal, and the man, hearing that, afterwards paid the voter. Supposing the money had not been paid, could you have convicted of a promise to pay merely upon MIr. Shade giving that opinion as to the -eighth count, for corruptly givin money 9 Carter did get his fare of &a._paid. the word *' corruptly" was not used by the learned Baron. Baron 3MIacsvm.-ltr. Shade took a ruling of Chief Justice Tindal, and nDon that gave an opinion that it was a legal expense - how could that be said to be corrupt? r. Esov.s.-Certainly it could not. Mr. BaronMARsTNsaid,-Supposinga verypoormanaecama up and voted, and said, "I have actualy.paid the railway fare to carry out my prnciples, but I can't afford it," and the candidate said, " It is but fair that you should have the money, andI believe I am right in giving it you,"-would any jury say that was corrapt' MIr. KIowsB sEaid it wonld only be so in the opinion of a Cambridge jury. Theyshould examine themotive. Baron ALDmzsoN.-It would be a misdemeanour under thisacttothink that Chief Justce Tindal had decided aight. It was a hevivy penalty upon tho late Lord Chief Justice. Kor. KYWoSi.-An unknown man votes for me, and I send him a brace of pheasants. Baron ArL>Easom.-And the man loses his place because his master voted differutli. Mr. OMs.ry {vvth whom were Mfr. Birchz3 anad mr. oriledge), on the other side, first urged that the evidence was snident, and which the judgee was bound to submit to thejury. He would askeveryjudgewhoheardhim whether there was act evidence that MIr. Shade had a knowledge of the circular. Mr. Justice Cr.EsgwxVr.-You had better not appeal to us as a jury Mr. Baron iDMRSO..-Or you may have averdict against yoa. M&r. O'`rEY -would not do so; but would stat that the circular was sent out by the committee, in which it was stated that the exnses would bepaid, and that Mr.i Slade had given his opinion that it 'would be legal to pas the travelling expenses, and it was upon the expression of that opinion that the circalars were issued, and after the voters werebroughit up they werepaid. -.- Mr. Justice < 3sEsws..-Theie is no evidence tlat' Mr. Slade knew the circular was issued with the postscrijst as to the payment, and the man was in the box who could have proved it, andhe was not asked the question. ; - Mr. Baron ALO1xso' said there oughit to be clear evi. dence of its being corrupt when it was seen that a man was disqualfied for isfe from voting for any one. Mr. O'ILv said 't;he postscript was that if-the voter voted for Maidstone and Slade he would have his travelling expenses paid. The principle was the sense, leb the consequences be what theygluigt. The judge was bound to let the case go to the jury. It was fair inference, from Wr.' Mlade being in the room, that he mast have known that the cilars were going out. if such evidence was to be kept from a jury the act would be a nullity wThe questiorn at the imge was the bringing ap the voters, notas to thelegWlity of the promise to pay the enes He sumittedhevideu;ce 'a perfectly ss.iafatory, a nd it was righ1t to 'leave ittothejni. Aswtothe eighth ouat,it woalde a ge doctrineto holdthat beesauseaman,iiid a Shmngwhich-nas wrong it was to be said he had not 'acted corruptly. HIe would not argue that MIr. Slide was 'privy to the promise because he contended that the Court must connect the opinion with the subsequent payment, anid *thatwas corru t. If there was no evidence of the proi3e,' if' Mr. Slade nad determined that the money shoslid hopaid, that 'was evidence of corruption. If a man thiougi ignorance of thel w did an ilega aet it snot toes hat not corrupt. * Ir. Baron I.rnf. ose a man about to do an ct, andlhe consultodi'counsl,sd mit that not be a feloiny i MIr. O'MALs.iaid a maiwbo'waavery learned might tap a gaspipe a;little high^er thaEn he oulght ii'd t.hinkr it wanot a fel>ony becaue 'th g'spe.wasiattached $o.fbe freehold,' but-'b much; su;~e to find that selinfg the gas, not cuttin6the piipe, w,ieafelony. :'~ M£r. Ba ioaB.asur ~e.ed' to the, esec of. Cptkai }Moire, who -bad'shot aWina -ws reaae on is gromZdi ffihi3g, thiafing he bad a T-gb 'to' do i-and'yet1aew convitd of murder, and was execut, -alth0oq& he did not think he cs doing an unlawful act. Mr. 0'MAn= eoutinued,-A --n milit be conviced to a ceo?gt act, althou be did not inend t commit an . awful .. , a c .. Xf.~Bron Thu.xwid,*E,upposing Mr. Blade iwl maide nopromisq, but that after voting the voter badsaid" lam veryoor-Iliave been put to. expease in qmxUg 'he and Mr. Slade iad.paid him the expe*sto which be r: h. 0 - a aid if:it wis in le gal act itmust be considered to-be corrupt., . uminibg therc Yw .poof ef a Promise to pLy, that ciregmtaoe, connected with the subsequent payment, was evidenoe enough that theiney hsd ,been cotLrptly.phad, t id' ac Pnoh foi the judge Ss tell the jury that it was 'cbmrutpayment. 'Mr. Justice CR= hI- t is not -o ntied ln the eArorNnA E fN.-1fy0 ocn connect the payment w5th the promise, it rnijt be corrupt, but we are diseung the mere point of p'aymrent without the Prolnise. Mr. O'MALnaYn said the Court could not spposie the jux hadsevered the tw6ocounts. The CouRT.-We are 'deslin only with the Jotge's re. poit. For the-sake of argumet, take-it for granted that wo t tthere w s no evicinoe ofthepromise. - - - ' Mr. O'Msu'i-said tbeesvn eviaente of the promise which could not. be withdrawn from thae jur. he whole of the fats *ere before the jury. It was eear that it w'as in cons_ence of having voted that -te ne vw paid, and the previous prorafe was not necersaryto cog elt the offence. - ; .BaWronuMARM-e. ' Y6x gument is this,Yt-t W. Slade having considie l themitter, and having come to ana honest .onvid&nt that he miiht pay th.e nn, and tha the voter's coming was -the moving pnnci e, -and thn.t he pcidl ',the m oney;but, athou donevit,hran.est it t,wita corrupt. I MIr. O'IMArta ..-Thoedoiniineaginagi~thlelysn&ttl.e tuteiadeitcorrpt. Dsid he pay theinan becamunee was poor, orbecause lehAdvoted - Mr. Baron BE AMeO= said,-Suppose a member, baying been returned -withoutt-any previous promise, procured asitation or o1foe for a voter, and there wasno wbi.d gation but the vote, would yon say every member of Parment who has done that would be lable to the ucnalties 1 r O'LLr. Y stalie would, most certainly, sZd that that was the object of the legislature; it as- bribery and corruption to a intents andpurposes. There beinrno previous promise did not rakEs th6 offence tLe les o act of Parliament contemplated payment without previons rondms. Corruption was the givng a reward to the rotez or thehaving voted forhim. Mr. BaronBAMiwIrdn-I don'tgiveyouthe znrineyfor voting, but because you are apoorman. I should not have given it you if ou had not voted. Mr. c'.t he movngcause westhe vote, because without the vote there would not have been such sympathy wth the poverty. The LeIsature intended to put dow this system of bribery, and if an5thing w ere given in re s;pect of the vote it -was corrupt. This act wzas fonnd tv have been done by the jury, and that 'as in contravention of the statute. If this were not so held there was not an agent whowold not run a coach and four through the statute. As to this being a legal expense, he cited cases to show that traelling expenses were not considered 16 be a Iegal expense. Every voter sh-old be free from pecuniary intes. If the ran did not vote for M-idstone and Blade be was not tobe psid. A lna amght incur alegalexpense in going to an hotel or employ a printer, and yet the going to the hotel or employinf the prnter -was for the purpose of securing his vote. Those were legal expenses whidlz miglhtbe recovered at law. There must be neithier giving nor receiving in respect of & vote. Baron ALDERso-S said it was a grest pity the leglilature had not determined the point. Mr. O'MLXA saidthat a dause hbdbeen intrecutedinto tbe bill, but it vas struck out in the House of Lords, as there was great difference of opinion. Baron ADERgSON.-And left us to find our way through it. Oue desiderates one or two plain words; what are leg Mx.OrA Lau said one object of the Reform RM-wvas to prevent voters at a distance from coming to vote. 'It was better that out-voter4should not vote than that they should bepaidly a candidate for comoing. A distinction for tin. veiling expenses could not be drawn hetwee the railwag fare and the hotel bill wheze the voters stopped. Mtr. ExOWIr?S having: replied, The Court adjourned.
PXERO(lA77VP MTMTf lrPnma Vr it - BRE!~EEE FREEMAN ANDO BREMER CozIIS Ue wu uplea zfe attentIon, el t-he Court the whole of the day, ad its risingwere a4owned u,til Tesday. _ INSOVENTDEBTORS' COVr, F(Z. L (Before Mr. CommizssoernE Mupny.) IN RE JOHN YnIrS WID?iNTGTOX. ldr. DOwsRappliedfor.a reassignment to the insolvent and the payment out of cout of a surplus of 343. 2s. Ed. The insolvont, whhadpasseamanderthenamecof Sir Jobu Winnimtn, was triwlbwed mader the act in l82Gj and in 1842wastliedirpoua criminal charg adsentencedto seven yearetansportation. IIn the meantime the *eVete under the insolvency hadrealized sufficient assets to sstisfy-all t'he debts on the scbedule, aad to leave the abovementionta SA~RGOOD, for the nassignee, asked that certam, costs which bad been diuiIowea by the ta:ing-master should be aflowed out of the estate, but l,. Commissioner MudreoY refused to interfere with the taxing-master's decision. After some discuasion it was agredthat 60! shoufla be retained in courtd, 50 to bc paid to the insolvent's wife, and 101. on account of a debt due for her support, and tbat the remainder should be paid aver to the insolvent as prayed.
'IR': A" D, . . rRISH FrEING ON THE WAIE QUESTIONT. fv%AVr OUR OWN CORRESPONDN-T.N DUB TN, FRIDAY M3-10sxG. Alderman Fergus Farrell, the new Lord Mayor, rave his inaugurl banquet last night at the Manionlouse. The Lord-Lieutenant and almost every other person of note at present in Dtublin were among the guests, and the whole affair went off with perhaps more than the average share of Wdat which generally attaches to these annual displays of civic hospitality on the largest possible scale. The first toart was, of course, "The Queen," followed by "'The health of our important ally, the Emperor Napoleon III.," both drunk with all the honours. The French Consul responded to the latter. He raid "I arn happy to say that the bonds of amnity and friendship between the two nations are becoming more closely bound together. (Cheers.) Glorious events will be recorded in ourmutual listory, and if it werein my province to speak here of the promises for the future, I might say that our hopes will not be disappointed. (Hear, hear.) When England and Frauce were straining all their nerves for the carrying on of war, the more useful occupations of peace were not forgotten. (Cheers.) Competition of a more peaceful kind was proceedig in Paris, and many of rou have becn successful in obtaining the rewards of your industry. A\t the same time our brave soldiers have received the distinctions which they have so dearly bought. (Loud cheers.) And if the mcdals from the Palacc of Industry have been duly appreciated by you, the Cross of the Legion of Honour, the badge of the Order of the Bath, and the medals of the Crimea are not less precious to our soldiers, sn d we may be sured tihe will bear them with the same pric and defend them with Ute same courage which they have shown in the battlefield. (Loud cheers.)" Then followed the usual list of toasts, ending with " The Lord-Lieutenant and prosperity to Ireland." The Earl of CAsiassu, who was enthusiasticallv cheered, responded. His Excellency, in the course -of his address, observed- "If we extend our glance from the city to the country at large, thouglh there are strips of its territory in which sad -arning has not been wanting of the necessity of continued vigilance and even of stern repression, yet, upon the whole, broad surface of its territory we may acknowledge with thaul-fiilness a wonderful absence of disorder, turbulence, and crime (hear, hear) ; and though the last lesson which such blessed intervals ought to teach us is wantonly to pIresume upon their continuance, stil I cannot but indulge the hope that in the improved condition and habits of the bulk of the people, in the interest which is felt in many qua-ters in the promotion of their education, and, perhaps the most remarkable of all, in their increased spirit of industry, enterprise, and selfreliance, fair promise is given of a long Irish summer-tide of peace andplenteousness. (Cheers.) I cannot, of course, make any such authentic announcement as was made by the Sovereign whom it is my high office to represent in this country to her assembled eouses of Parliament on this very afternoon;- still, thanks to the marvels of imodera discovery, wec are enabled to fornm a tolerably precise notion of the contents of whatwas then delivered, and w e knowv that from her gracious lipshss fallen to-daypecrhaps the most gracious word that can be vouchsafed to hvman utterance, and. that word. is 'Peace.' (Cheers.) Let me not be here mistaken. I feel confident that from neither the Sovereign, nor the Government, nor the Parliament, nor the people of this country can a corsent be extorted to .any peace which shall net substantially satisfy the grounds upen which recourse was had to the dreadful extremity of war, and which wouldd not be consonant with the fair cLaims of national good faith, justice, and honour. (Cheers.) With respect to my own feelings, I certainly cannot chae myself with any indifference either to the endurance or to the renown of oar brave countrymen in arms; and proudly indeed may Ireland count up the services and the triumphs of her sons on man>- a corpse-stren fied and many a blood-stainedramact . (App lause.) Even in this peaceful and festal assembly I am not a little pleased to come amon" you attended by several gall.ant youths (hear, hear) who ave borne their ful brunt of toil and peri in the bivouac, in the trench, and in the battle-and you may see honourable marks about them-and who do honoureven to the ex.alted position w hich t is my fate to fill by spending with me the brief period of inaction which recent wounds, or shattered health, or the 'compulsory regulations of the service ssarily impose upon them; and whio, I know, with most certain knowledge, are panting for the time of resuming active service at the first summons of their Sovereign.and the earliest call of honour. (Cheers.) They might not then, perhaps, feel ful sympathy with me, but I know I might appeal for full sympuathy, had not cireumstances .unfortunately prevented his being present on this occasion, to that distinguished and gallant veteran, the Commander of the Forces in this country, who has, in many portione of the globe, served the public with such fulness of credit and honour. I know he would feel ful symnathy with me when I proceed to state that, assumin-as I Inow we may assume-that all claims of nation. faith and honour i'-l be completdy secured bywhatever conditions of peace shall be adopted, I shall hail with unmeasured joy and thankdulness the advent of peace itself. (Cheers.) To pretend, after all that our military forces have done, and dared, and suffered; and with the knowledge wlhich we have of tthe bristling state of equipment, efficiency, and vigour with -which they are now braced up for any number of campai-ns that may follow-to pretend that with such a past and with such a present the military renown of this empire has suffered any tarnish seems to me to be only more absurd than it is calumnious. (Hear.) From one thing, indeed, I should think that the fair fame of England would suffer tarmish, if for the sake of effect-for the sake of a more imposing attitude at the dropping of the curtain-if for the sake of an additional gloss upon her well-won laurels, she were to .consentto one hour of unnecessary war. (Cheers.)" The Lord Chancellor, in returning thanks on behalf of the Irish Bench, also touched upon the question of peace or war:- " All my judicial friends will concur with me when I say -that there is nothing at which they rejoice more than the intelligence that a heavy cause has been settled. WVe rejoice, and I rejoice now, that the heavy cause of the nations is on the eve of attaining a fuU and an honourable settlement. (Hear, hear.) I rejoice that the cause which has originated the great alliance which distinguishes this era is about to Teceive its full and great and honourable accomplishment; anld I do trust that that alliance wril not pass away with the temporary occasion with which it has arisen. It is but a child as yet in European history - I trust it will attain more than ordinary longevity. (Applause.) It rests upon the good faith of the hlonarch of lngLand, the good faith of the hovereign of France (hear, hear), and of the people who are obedient to his svwy; and I am convinced that, great as has been its value for the purposes of the moment, infnitely greater will be its value for the purposes of the The Recorder (the Right Hon. Frederick Shaw), in the course of an extremely eloquent spe&h, also Elanced nt the same topic: - "Her Majesty's Speech, which has arrived late this evenug, and. the comments m.ade on it by the Lord-Lieutenant, must tend to raise our hopes of peace; and. most earnestly must we desire the realization of those hopes, provided cnly that it besucha peace as is, in whe words of theRoyal Speech, a durable and an honourable one. (Loud cheers.) No man of Christian feeling or common humanity but must devoutly wish to turn from' war, unless war be a stern and in-evitable necessity-to turn from its waste, its sorrow, its sufferings, and its concomitant miseies to the manifold blessings of peace.; and peace has its victories no less renowned than war. (Hear, hear.) But when wve have incurred the cost and berne the sacrifices, we cannot desire the discontinuauce of the war until, again to quote the wordis of this day's Royal Speech, 'the object for which it -as undertaken has beei surdy and permanently accomplished.' (Cheers.) That object was from the first unselfish. Englaud, and equally I believe her noble aly 3;rance, said. there should be no acquisition of territory or ether natinal aggrandizement-their object and the object of that all-important aliance, of v.hich[ will say with my worthy fr ena the Lord.ChanceBor, esto pcm-pctmu-thle object was to protect the wveak from being oppressed by the strong -might from triumphing over right-and to check an ambitious tyranny, which threatened the unsettlement of Europe, (Cheers.) It is net unnatural at this moment that a peace may be distasteful to the popular feeling, conacous of our ovwn unreadiness and all our own consequent shortcomings at the commencement of hostilities-feelin, that the rust of 40 years' peace has only just been wiped away from our public departments-while the painful recollectionS, the disastrous sufferings of the last winter still suriive; but seeing that we have now a splendid army in the Crimea, numbering, I believe, about SO,0)0men-a fleet such as I may s.-fely say the worldneversawt efore, al fuly fequipped, inthe highest state of health, spirits, anddiseipline, panting, as the Lord-Lieutenant has already said, to be led zonlto victory-wse must.not w onder if the popular sympathy cannot go w,ith the command to retire from the contest - and some e.xcuse is due to the honest feeling of a brave and loyal people, for if, as has been said, the victories have been soldiers' victories, surely it may be said that the war has been emphatically a peopI's war, fortheir hearts have been in it from the outset. But still we cannot be satisfied to continue aterrible warfare for themere sakeofimilitaryglory. (Cheers.) We must, however, take it as has been promised this day by the Ministers of our Royal Mistress, that.due regard shalt be had for the honour and the dignity of the empire. (Cheers.) I hope wre shall not be overreached in diplomacy ('Hear,' and laughter)the British linmustnot succumb to the Russian bear. but if Russia be ready to concede all that a victorious and a jUst enemny has a right to ask-w,e drew the swsord in the cause of justice, and if justice be done, then, and not till then, ought we to sheathe it." THE IBSH JUDICIAL BEnsCI. A report has been current for some few days past, the accura7y of which, although strongly insisted upon in some quarters, can by no means be vouched foras being anything more substantial than are-hash of rumours which have prevailed in a greater or less degree any day since the opening of MNTichaelmas Term in November last. The report in its newformn is, however, in every man's mouith, and is to the effect that a correspondence of another disagreeable riahire has tali-en place between the Lord Chancellor (Brady) andthevenerable BaronPennefather, havin reference t4 the niotion about to be submitted to the House of Connunons by an English member, with respect to the ages and leng,th of service of the present occupants of thelrish judicial bench. 'Vithout paying any attention to the alleged substance of the communications which have passed between the two high legal functionaries, it will be quite enough to mention as the upshot of the business that the &air did not terminate to the satidaion of the CAncellor, Although- hi, Lordship, in the course of the co spondence, pretty painly -hinted at the pro. bability of the Goverm ei ut being coerced by the force of public opinion to olfer no opposition to the motion of Sir John Shelley. IIPORTANST 3UtRIAGF QVESTTON. The extraordinary case of " BeaTmish v.Beamish," ca.ne before the Cour of Chancery yesterday for fiurther directions, under these circumstances "Sometime since there was a petition filed on behalf of a minor, to ascersain his right to aproperty of about £500 a- year in the county of Cork; and the question raised bv the respondent, who was his uncle, was whetherhew as or was not legitimate, the marriage which took place between his parents havini bec solemnized by his father, who was a clergyman cf tae established church? His Lordship upon the original hearing directed an issue to try the fact of marrinage, which issue was tried in Cork at the last sprng nasizes, when tho jury found in favour of the minor. The case was then brought to the Court of Queen's Bench upon the question of lamW, totake the opinion of thatCourt upon the validity of such a marriaga anda after a lengthened argument the judges of the daeen's Bench were unanimously of opinion that the marriage in question was valid in poit of law. From that decisioa the parties have appealed tothe Court of Error, and have announced that, if defeated there, they will go to the House of Lords for a final decision. " Mfr. Berkeley, Q C., for the minor, said that asan appeal was pxnaing his client did not ask to be put in possession of the estate, but wished tojhave a receiver appointed to collect and lodge the rents-and profits. "M3r. Chatterton, for the defendant, objected to a receiver, as it would entail considerable expense, which might be saved by the respondent giving security for the rents that camne to his hands. "After some discussion, it was arranged that the respondent should remain in receipt of the rents, but give secuity for the amount of three years' rent; and that the case should stand over pending the appeal proceedings." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91 ; ditto, for account, the 7th of Feb~rna, SIA 4; New 'Three per Cent. Stock, S1Sl1 i4; ditto, foraccoumt. the 7th of Februay, 91OA - National'Bank (22. lOs. paid$ 32; Royal Bank of Ireland 0 gOs paid)! 208;Mi zing Company of Ireland (71. paid), 4&endv.; ditto, for account, oc:;. div.; Wicklow Copper Mine (5. paid), 30.
NAVAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCB. Her Majesty's steam sloop Ardent, 5, Commander Hlorton, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday from the Mediterrn nean with a few naval invalids. She has left for the eastwardto be paid off. The whole of the gunboats in harbour arecompleting with coals andvwater from the depOts and several aro at the gun wharf, shipping their guns. They will form at the Motherhank on leaving the harbour. The steam sloop Gorgon, 6, Commander Crawford, wil be ready to go to Spithead in the early part of next week. The Clarger and Dove steam gunboats arrived yesterday to join the squadron. The Amity screw steam transport, No. 177, Captain Hopper, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East. She left Gibraltar on the 23d nlt., at which time a large fleet of vindbound ships was in the bay. She passed in the Straits the transport Evelino and the brig lady CeciEa, of Blyth, from Alexandria, all welL On Thursday, at 9 a.m., off the Start, she observed a bark with a vessel in tow, the stmps of her tbree masts visible above the bulw.arks, apparently steering for Plymouth. The Amity brought no invalids or passengers. The East Anglian screw steam transport) No. 162, Captain Jay, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East. On the i19th nlt., off Cape de Gatt, she spoke the brig Endeavour, 49 days from Syra, with a portion of her bulwarks carried anay. The East Anglian is in ballast only. The Bahiana screw steam transport, No. 160, Captain Green, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the East. She left Balaldava on the 5thult.; Scutari, 9th; Malta, 16th; Genoa, 20th; Bacelona, 22d; Gibraltar, 26th. On the 29th, in lat. 44 0 N., long, 9 24 W., spoke the screw steamer Vesta; on the 27th, in lat. 36 58 N., long. S 58 W., the Earl of Aberdeen. She brought home the Rev. W. Gilborne, Surgeon J. I, Gilborne, of the 89th ; Quarter. master Moore, of the 88th; Lieutenant Johnson, of the 89th; Assistant-Commissary-General Lundy, Dr. Lyon; Dr. Aitken, Dr. Doyle, Lieutenant J. de C. Mande, RPoyal Marines; Lieutenant B. F. Taylor, Royal Marines; Mr. Marsh, Master, R.N.; Mr. Conway, Master Mlariner; Captain Marriott) Paymaster, 54th ; Mr. P. D. Taylor; lMr. Farquhar. son, Mlidshipman, R.N.; Mrs. Parr, wife of Staff-Surgeon Parr; six men of the Army Works Corps, five servants five third-class passengers, nine Marines, one private of the Grenadier Guards, one of the 44th Regiment, one of the 89th, one bombardier of the Royal Artillery, one sergeant of the Land Transport Coops; James Smedley, acting gun. ner, R.N.; and Samuel Ray, carpenter, RN. The screw steam corvette Cossack, 20, Captain James HL Cockburn, left Plymouth on Thursday for the Mediter. ranean. The screw steamship Hogue, 60, Captain William Ram. say, having taken her powder and shot on board, left Ply mouth on Thursday for Falmouth, to relieve the screw steamship Hawke, 60, Captain Erasmus Ommanney. The paddlewheel steamvessel Sprightly, from Portsmouth, arrived on Thursday at Plymouth, with seamen for ships fitting at that port. The screw steam shipNile, 91, Captain George R. Mumdy, was taken out of the basin dock at Keyham on Tuesday, and warped to her hulk preparatory to receiving her crew. The screw steamship Exmouth, 90, Captain W. K. Hall, flag of Rear-Admiral Sir Michael Seymour, completed taking her powder and shot on board at Plymouth on WVednesday. The screw steamship Duke of Wellington, 131, Captain the Hon. F. T. Pelhat, flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Richard S. Dundas, is shortly expected at Plymouth from Portsmouth in order to be docked at Keyham. Her Majesty's ship Coquette, Commander rids, was yesterday completed being masted and rigged in Woolwich dockyard. She cill forthwith receive her armament, and go into dock to be coppered. The gunboat Violet was launched at Messrs. Green's yesterday morning, and will be placed in the East India Docks tolreceive her engine gear, and will go down to Woolwich to be rigged, ilc. The gunboat Julia has arrived at Woolwich, from Messrs. Pritchard's, and is under the hands of the riggers. The proposed conditions of peace have in no way induced the authorities of Woolwich to relax in their preparation for any contingencies. The utmost activity prevails at the present mioment in the storekeeper's department of Woolwich Arsenal in supplying stores for Her Mfajesty's fleets. The gun and shot department there is likewise urgi' n the contractors to complete their orders with despatch. A large space is in process of being cleared, and measured for the erection of a standard foundry, and an extensive establishment for casting and preparing the Boxer-shell. As this space is now filled with guns and mnortars, a tamway has been laid down, extendi%g about 5,000 yards, adjacent to the proof-butt, by means of which the whole of this heavy ana&eici is speedily conveyed and cleared from the space required for the abovenained purposes. A very appropriate addition, and one which excites considerable curiosity, has been made to the group of trophies now exposed in the Dial-square at Woolwich Arsenal and which are awaiting Her Majesty's insnection-namely,a wooden sentry-box, bearing the arms of Russia, the doubleheaded eagle, over the entrance. Like other articles of that description pertaining to the PRussian Government, it is conspicuously decorated with the Imperial Russian colours black and white, in alternate and broadly painted lines.It stands in the background of the enclosed space w hich is occupied by the trophies. It was taken from Hango, with a Blenheim. o e l3syssi FMr. W. O'Neill, clerk in the -war department at Woolwich, has been promoted as clerk in the war department at the Tower. Mr. Bacon, late of the shipping-office, which has been abolished, succeeds to 3Mr. O'Neil's duties as head of the shlipping branch of foreign stations. The following appointments have been made at the Admiralty :-Lieutenant Louis Geneste, to the Herring.; Lieutenant William Menzies to the Hasty; LieutenautBedford C. Pim, to the Magpie; Lieutenants John Burgess, F. T. Thomson, and William W. ML Wright, to the RodneyF. B. EL Yorke and E. D. Lane, naval cadets, to the ROya George; W. G. Best) naval cadet, to the Rodney ; G. x1 Roberts, midshapman, to the Forth; Andrew Moffitt, surgeon, to the Eurotas; Hugh Girvin, sueon, to the Mohawk ; Richard Drury, actinu-clerk tothe Algiers - William Rhodes, acting-lerk, to the"Veiesley; Byron Stratford, acting-clerk, to the Eurotas - William Crunsp, assistantclerk, tothe Cuckoo; Edward A. Philips, assistant-clerk, to the Welesley- Frederick W. Williams, to the Diver. The following #aymasters have been promoted :-To the First Class-Patrick O'Conner and William Dyer. To the Second Class-WliUiam Wells, George Ramsden, Thomas Pitcock, Charles Richards (a), and Charles A. Thore. IThird Class-Sidney J. Spark, Robert C. Webber, Edward I J. Bennett, Thomas Taylor Wise, Robert A. Cumming, and George Shambler. . His RoyalHighness the Duke of Cambridge inspected the 2d attalhon, Scots Fusileer Guards, yesterday on the Wellington Barrack parade. The battalion mustered, exclusive of about 250 recruits, 600 effective men, in fine condition. Ilis Royal Highness wore the uniform of the Scots Fusileer Guards, of which regiment he is coloneL After the battalion had marched past, his Royal Highness selected two or three officers, who in succession were ordered to put their companiesthrough the platoon and mannal exercises. This laving been done to the great satisfaction of his Royal Highness, the battahon was dismissed. Among the visitors who came to view the parade we noticed Lieutenant-Colonel Ilaygar'ph,suyported by two crutches. This gallant officer was dreadfol y wounded at the Alma, and has not yet recovered sufficiently to rejoin his regiment. The Great Britain steamship is to embark 600 troops at Liverpool, and wM i mmtelyd for Queenstown to take on board the =ndermentioned draughts for Malta :-Limrick-17th Regiment, 4 subalterns, 1 sergeant, I drummer, 35 rank and file - 89th, 4 subalterns, 1 sergeant, o4 rank and file; Birr-21stitegiment, 1 captain. 4 subalterns, I Sergeant, 6srank and file; 57th, 4 au terns, 1 sergeant, 38 rank and file; 63d, 2 subalterns, 1 sergeant, 31 rank and fme; -fullingar-14th2egiment, .Iaptain, 3 subaltern; 1 sergeant, 2 drmmers, 39 rank a,T e - 56th 4 subalterns, 1 sergeant, 2 drummexs, 49 xas,4 a fife; 62, I ctain. 6 subalternis, 6 sergeants, 2 drammes, 177 rank and fe; 90th, 3msbalterns, 2 oirummers, 2 sergeants, o5 rankc aid mle. Total,'3 ca2ptain. Sr4 sxbaltern;, L& sergcante, 9) drummers, 546rankand file, l ! .,
THE PUBLIC HEALTR. tPFrom the 0a11v 1rfnm nf +1,n RAiiA?At1 T}!his retn comprisea the births and deaths xegistered by 25196 registars in all the districts -of England during the autumn q%sarter that ended on December 31, 1855; and the marriages in 12,155 churches or chapels, about 3,685 registered places-of worship unconnected with the established church, and 628 superintendent registrars! offices, in the quarter that ended on September 30,1855. The return is on the whole satisfactory; but the marriages were below the average from various causes. The births were near the usual number; and the mortality was much below the average, both in the tolfns and in the country. 3rA:aarAoHs. 37,151 marriages were celebrated in thc quarter that ended on September 30th, or less by. 999 than the numbers in tho corresponding quarter of 1854. 74,302 persons wore married. The anntu, rate for the quarter was 783 marrages to 100,000 of the population, the average of the 10 preceding and corresponding quarters havingbeen 809. Iharriago was somewhat less frequent than itvwas in the corresponding quarter of 1854, in every county except Surrey, Kecnt, llamnpshire, Oxfordshire, Hguntingdonshire, E3ssex, Wiltshire, herefordshirc, Rutland, Y!ork (East and North Riding), Durhamn, and Nothumberland. 148,853 births were registered in the last quarter' of the thare 85; ormore in number by 2,394 than the births in btho eorspondiag quarter of 1854. The annual rate of ms m te quarter was 31.28 per cent. on the population; which is near, but somewhat below, the average (3.142). There was an increase of births in every division, except in the two divisions south of the Thames and in the Eastern counties. The registrars account in various ways for tho decrease of births. At Royston the registrar says "Many young married men are gone into the ZilitiaY The -militia is referred to also by the registrar at Hatfield; and at St. Alban's "tho removal of many young ,women with the numerous recruits" accounts for tho decrease of births. Upon the other hand, "the formation of the camp at Aldershott," it is said, "accounts for the increas of births and deatihs"' in the district of Farnham. The registrar of Southampton notices that only 84 biths took place in May, while the nuimbers in that month in previous years ha varied from 95 to 142 ; and on the whole he has a decrease in the year of 136 births; which ho attributes "to the fact that so many ships belonging to this port have been detained in the Black Sea, rather than to a diminution of the population." The decrease of births in Camborne, Redrnth, is explained by "the faot that a very large proportion of the male population has been for some timepast employed in America at the copper mines of the Lake District and the gold diggings of California and Australia, where a great nuniber of Cornish miners have emigrated, leaving their wives and families at home, who are maintained by remittances from the husbands." aCR>EASE OF FOPUILATION. In the Northern and Midland counties the effects of temporary or local causes of the decrease of births in the south have been neutralized; and generally in England there is little ground of comp hint or of any apprehension of a paucity of births, as e,ao, children were born in the year of war 1855; or 208,88i in excess of the number of deaths (426,242). In the last qnarter of the year the excess of births over deaths, or the natural increase, was 51,734. Of the immigration into England and Wales from Ireland and Scotland during the period no records exist. 24,207 emigrants sailed from the ports of the united kingdom at which there are Government emigraMtion officers16111 to the United States, and 7,329 to the Australian coonies. 7,615wereascertained to boof EngElsh origin, 840 Scotch, 10,689 Irish, and 1,426 foreigners; the onin of 3,637 was undistinguished. The number of EngE sh emi. grants during the year was 57,132. The total number of emigrants from the united kingdom was 16,253, exclusive of 10,554, ascertained to be foreigners. The numbers of the two sexes were nearly as 10 females to 11 males. Of 54,902 men whose occupations were distinguised, 7,167 were farmers; 29,963 were labourers ; 2,541 wre carpenters or joiners; 1,814 were bricklayers, slaters,gc. 661 were painters, plumbers, or glaners; 1,735 were miners - 639 smiths; 623 shoemakers ; 816 tailors. Only 972 called themselves gentlemen, professional men, merchants, &o. Of 58,950 women, 19,386 were returned as married, 13,616 as servants; the occupations of 25,222 women were undistinguished. THE PRICFS OF PROVISIONS AND THE WEATHER. The prices of food, tho state of trade, and the weather have a certain influence on the marniages, births, and deaths. Upon comparing in the table tile prices of the principal articles of food in the last quarters of the years 1853, 1SA, 1855, it is seen that wheat was 69s. 10d., 68s., and 79s. 4d. a-quarter; beef was 5d., 5b&d., and 56-8d. a d. Ilutton 53d., 6d., and 5 6-d. a-pound. Bread was dear during the last quarter. The average prices of beef and mutton by the carcase were equal, differng little from the prices of 1854, hut higher than the prices of 1853. Potatoes have faUen from 150s. a-ton in 1S53 to 95s., and this materiaUy alleviates the pressure from the high prices of other articles. The weather is fuUy described by Mr. Glaisher. The mean temperature of October was above, of November and December below, the averages of those months. The air was humid in October and November, dry in December. The average quantity of rain fell at Greenwich. The mean tem prture varied from 46-5° in CornwaU and Devon to 41-7 in lNorth Shields; the fall of rain, from 10'5 inches in- Newport and lyde, to 5-5 inches in iaverpooL STATE OP THE PUBIac lEMLTH. 426,242 deaths were registered in the year 1855, or less in number by nearly 12,000 than the deaths in the previous year. The rate of mortality was 2.269 per cent., or nearly 22 two-thirds on every 1,000 ihabitants. The mean of the previous 10 years was 2 , so that the mortality of the year was in the aggregate below the average. The civil registers contain no record of the deaths in the Crimea or elsewhere abroad. The deaths of 97,119 persons were registered in the last uarter of thE year, and the annual ate of mortality was fo04m per cent, on the population, or 0-17 less than the average rate of the season (2-208). The mortlity of 117 districts, comprising the chief towns of England and Wales, was in the quarter at the rate of nearly 24 in 1,000; the mortality in the other 511 districts, containing the small towns and the country parishes, was at the rate of 18 in 1,000; the average rates ofthe 10 autumn quarters precedig were nearly 26 in 1,000 in the large town districts, and 20 in the smal town and the country distnicts. The mortality was slightly below the average in each of the South-Eastern counties; Croydon and Dartford, which fomnerly suffered from epidemies, were healthy. Canterbury, Gavesend, and Farnham have sufered to some estent from epidemics Smalpoxc prevailed among the soldiers at Canteroury, who it appears had not been vLaccinated. Scarlatina prevailed in Alverstokc, Newport (Isle of We ht), Winchester, and Windsor. At Winchester there have rcn " seven deaths from fever" and, adds the registrar, " about the same number of deaths from sgphilitic gangrene or Adcus gre,at which prevailed in the military hospital, and also in the county hospital and union workhouse, especiaDly among women.g The mortality is much lower than it was last year in thc South widland conlties. Inafewdistricts epidemis prvicL S-illpc has been fata in Ware, in the Saffrnselypopulated courts and aeys," where vaccination was veglected. The registrar of aoyston notes:-" Sanitary arrangements much a lected; typhus very prevalent." ScarLatina was fatal in Wel c hirpenden s He rtford), Chesham (Bucks), Turveyr Bedford .d Cardnmgtun, Ivingheo (Beds), in Cambridge, Ely, and Wisbeach. Smeallpoxa occasioned some deaths ln tase counties. f Many com plaints are made of th e working of the Vaccination Act. scarLao and fever were prevalent in Cambridge both durig summer and autumn." The mortality was low in thc districts of the Eastern counties, with the exception of Rlisbridce, King's Lynn, Saffron Waldron, and a -few more. Sear atina in a malignant form was prevalent in the parish of Downham and di the Igatstone sub-district. Erysipelas, chiefly of thheface, was very prevalent in CgeshalL. The registrar of llannmngtree sass:- "cSeveral fatal eases of tyohus and scarlatina have oceurred in the parikh of hnmy, which issitateafewhmies fromrtarlich. I consider Ramsey to be the mosthealthy parish i this district. There is a large traet of xearsh landisurromuding the village, and, as far as 1 can learn, a great want of riage e.sts. Some sanitry measures oght to bedat onco put in motion, otherwise tle inhabitants must eontinue to suffer from a disease which is so prevalent in almost every cottager's residence in the At Sudbury only 54 deaths occurred in six months Ollt of abouta8,000 people.' The population are fully emiployed. The improvement in the health of Hattleden (Stow district) is ascribed to " sanitary regulations." In the South-Western counties the deaths (8,383) were below the average. Scarlatina was, however, fatal in several districts -so was fever. In St. 'Keverr.e, in Cornwall, the excess or deaths (121 to 29 births) was the consequence of !the wreck of the bark Johm on the MIanacles, when the bodies of 93 emigrants were cast on shore. The diminished mortahity of Edington (Westhury) is referred to the works of the sanitary inspector. The poor of Heavitreo, near Exeter, suffer much from'the hi^ ^ rc fod bu-su kitchens afford some relief. bple.ou usn The West Mfidland counties (Glocester, Hereford, Salop; Stafford, Worcester, and Warwick) experienced a rate of mortality much below their average. The deaths were 12,504 in 1853, 13,611 in 1854, and 11,172 in 1855. ^The decrease is meet striking in the great towns ; thus, in the last quarters of 18a3 and 1855 the deaths in Bristol and Clifton were 904 and 726; in Wolverhampton 858 and 704;* inDndley, 1,032 and 747; in Birmingham and Aston, 1,888 and 1,440. In Coventry the deaths showed little decrease. Of the 94 deathsinthe HEolyTrinity sub-distiict "54 are those of childrenunderthreeyears old, the causes of death bein generally cither 'naturalwealnns,' '-di"rrhea,' or 'convsions."'1 nvl The deaths (5,681), except in Eutland, were below the average in the West Midland counties-namely, in Lelcester, Lincoln, Nottingham, and Derby. In Cheshire and Lancashie the imnprovement is less ex. tensiVe than it is in other counties. The deaths were 16,,928. The deaths in Liverpool and West'Derby, where scarlatina was epidemie, were 3,487, or 273 mnore than in the last qjuarter ofl1853. The deathsin Manchester and Salfrd,o the other hand, wrere 2,396 or 374 less than in 1853. Many deaths from scarlatina occurred in Runcora In Knott lane, Ashton, several deaths occurred among persons who were attended by an unquaoified practitioner. The decrease in the .mortality of Yorkshire is onsiders7le'; tho deaths in the last three 3months of 1853'were 10,670; in the lastthifee mnonths of the year 1855 they, were 9,42L Bradford, Leeds, Sheffield, York, and Hull exhibit a great dmmiuti oin the number of death The deaths in the 'Northern Counties-Durhazn, North- umberland, Ctmnberland, and Westanorland-wee 5,50" Rr-vild. wihaTc'svrtn Athe collier isrcts oft irbmos fTh}ae two r vilgsi.Esagon in whiich it was ilrinea soiL in, South Shelds distct, where munyl men are employedai the construction fan extensive dock, marl ail typhus. -Iisv6 preniled. At Bedlington, Norhtb, mnalpox has teen raging among au classes, affedin oth young and old. - Those who had. not been vaccinatek vere great sufferer?n Fourteen persons died of Asiatic. cholera; seven of diairhfe3 in Sunderland East-the seat of tho fdrst outbreak in 1831. Ber In !donmocuthshiro and Wales 5,844 persons died. Scarlatina anld ty'phu5 attacked some districts; but the mortality was less than in the twao previous years. Upon the whole, tb.e heEdth of EDngland and Wales ex;- hibits evidences of________er _f _ __oemn
MEETIUi OF OCOIVOCATIOX. Accordingto ancient ussao, Convocation assembledyesterday in the Jerusalema-cha.mber of the Chapter-house of Westatinster-abbey. Theproceedings were commenced at 11. 'clock by prayer. In. THE UPPER HOUSE. The Archbishop of Canterbury presided, and there were also present-the Bishops of Wmichester, St. Davids, Oxford, St. Asaph,'Lineoln, Salisbury, Llandaff, Chichster, Exeter, and Rochester.. The Bishop of OXFORD said, he had a petition to present from the Cllegiate Church of St. Peter, Westminster. He had been requested to present this petition in co-sequence of his former connexion with the Abbey and its aean. It prayed that-the Archdeacon of Westminster, who was still a member of Convocation, might be summoned in due form to that body. The petition was refused by Lord John Thynne, the Sub-Dean, on the part of the Dean and Chapter. The Bishopof Exeter wished to know whether the Archdeacon of Westmtinster was qud an archdeacon in the diocess of London? The Bishop of OXFORD repled that he was. The Dean and Chapter.had the power of appointn him, and he held all the powers ho ever possesed His Lordship concluded by moving,- "That the petition of the Dean and Chlapter of Westminster be received and laid upon the table, and that his Grace the President be requested to direct his law officers to prepare a report on the pryerof the said petition, to be laid fore nvocation at its next session." The Bishop of EXETER seconded the motion, which was unanimously agreed to. . The:Bishop of WicnsTzn presented a petition from the Rev. Francis Merewether, of Cole-Orton, Leicestershi complaining that an act of the Lower House of last session amounted to anoextinction of the Church services as ordered by the State, and prayed that, in the bvent of any attempt to impede them, Convocation would abstain from preventing a recognition of the soletnm days alUnded to. The Bishop of EXIrrXR did not think it was advisable to receive such petitions, as it would lead the clergy to send documents containing their hopes and fears on questions not bef-'re the House. The Bishop of WUCSEnsER agreed that it would be wrong to throw open the doors of the house to clergymen who had grievances to complain of to petition upon any matter that was not before the House. He thought it right to present the petition, lest he might be considered to be judging upon a matter properly belonging to the House. He begged to withdraw it. The Bishop of OXFOrD said, he had a motion of some im| portance to submit to the House, and in doing so he beg-ed to say a few words upon the position in which Convocation Iwas cedbythereplyof Her Majesty, which had been Ilaid nfefrte House. The replywent to the pointthat Her Majestyhadnotbeen advisedtocomplywiththe prayerof that petition. Inthat address there was contained an appeal or Her Majesty's Royal decree to amend the representation of the clergy in the Lower House of Convocation. At first sight it rmight be thought that there was something incongrunous in going on wvith business upon which the Crown ad declined to allow them to legislate. The answer to that, in his mind, was an easy one, but, at the same time, one tnat involved a great many considerations. The answer was simply this :-They thou"ht that the instrument, which was provided constitationally for them for doing certain church work, which they thought desirable to be done in the province of Canterbury, was in many respects imperfeet; and they desired to make it as perfect as it could by possibilty be made. They knew that on one point they laboured under reproach, more or less deserved; and they desired, by all constitutional means, to remove that reproach, in orderthat the body generally might act with greater efflciency and with greater freedom. They had made that attempt and they hadbeenpreventedby a power, external to themselves, from carryig out the work. There w snothing, therefore, inconsisent in going on with the consideration of reforms which occurred to them as being necessary. They had done all they could to promote reforms; and they were prepared to go on with the instru ment the constitution had given them in the best manner they coul4. He, for one, could not feel that any blame was to be attached to the advisers of Hei Most Gracious Majesty, who recommended the course which had been tak-en, because if they consented to the terms of the address, they would have consented to a new element in the discussions of Convocation. He believed it was no desire to interfere with the church, or to impede her usefulness, that dictated that reply, but a cautios spiit, which said that until the members of Convocation were more united among themselves in praying for those new powers. the Government would notbe justified in granting them. As long as his Grace the President and otter members of that House who agreed with him thought that the time had not yet come for making an appeal to the Government, he thought the Government could not be blamed for saying, not rudely-" We wllU not grant the prayer, but wil postpone it ;" for the commanication which had been read stated that Her Majesty had been graciously pleased tD receive the address, but had not been advised to grant its prayer. There was nothing, he repeated, inconsistent on the part of Convocation going on wbth its work, for they did not take what had occurred in any way as a reproof, or a rebufl or an unkidndness on thepart of thosewljo wvere the advisers of that powver to whom they all looked up with loyalty and affection. It was the more impIortant on his part to notice this matter, because he was one of those who was led to take an active part in asking for that alteration. It was not because he anticipated tat it would bring about any considerable change in the composition of the Lower House that he urged it, but simply because those who did represent the clergy of the province might not have it said of them that, if they had had a reform, there would have been a different representttion. It would, undoubtedly, have given the ower IHouse more strength for good, but it would not have made any material change in the composition of the body itselL He thought, then, thatthey were bound, in anywaythey could, to take into consideration matters which were most pressing, and with that view, he should propose a resolution, requesting his Grace the President to call unn the Lower ems to talke into consideration the law re ting to the discipline of the clergy, and to draw up a report thereupon, to be presented at the next meeting of Convocation. He was ve anxious to abstain from saying anything that migt imply any difference of opinion among themselves upon the matter. He felt very strongly that there had been objections to the revival of synodal action, but they were over now, and the meetings of Convocation as a consultimn body were now an established fact. Even those who opposed these meetings did not do so upon the ground that everything in the church was in such a state of perfectness and order that no reform was necessary ; for every one 'would admit that the church was crippled in its chief and greatest work-that of saving souls, for the want of beingableto modify its external parts so as to meet the necessities of the present day. He believed the one great evil in the church of England at present was the want of this power of adjusting itself to the circumstances of the times. It had made the Rubrics themselves subjects of diversity instead of unity-a badge of a party. The great cure for all that would be, that there should be some authority in the matter, and then badges of party would be removed, and dissensions in very many cases be greatly mitigated. His lordship proceed to speak in condemnation of Dr. Lus u's judgment in the case of St. Paul and St. Barnabas, which he characterized not as the voice of judgment expounding thelaw, but as theoinion o£ an individual judge as to what that law should De To remedy this -and similar evils he had striven to restore the consalting powers of Convocation. Perhaps it was not the best institution that could be made, but it was the best that they had got, and it should be their Privilegeto mend it whenever it required reparation, rather than sit down and say, that beeause it was not perfect in its organization it should be entirely cast aside.- (Hear, hear.).. The Bishop of Sr. DAvnis seconded the resolution. The Bishop of E-ITE contended that Convocation was a legislative and not a mere consulting body. He was sorry to hear the Bishop of Oxford characterize Convocation as a mere consulting body. The Bishop of OXFORD saidthatsuch wasnot his intention. The resolution was then carried, when The Prolocutor appeared with the names of the committee appointed by the Lower House. The House adjourned until Tuesday, April 15. THE LOVER HOUSE. The formal business of the Lower Hiouse commenced by caling over the names of the members. This is a tedious process and occupied some time, but its observance is strictly enforced for the sake of the fines which are levied upon those wbo are absent. The Dean of Ely, wko is Prolocutor, being unable to attend owing to indisposition, Dr. Eliot,' Dean of Bristol, officiated in his stead, appointing as his assessors Canon -Vrlliers, the Archdeacons of St. Alban's and Maidstone, Canon Selwyn, the Dean of lNorwich, and Canon Wordsworth. lNo sooner had that selection been made than the body thns constituted were, vith the Prolocutor, summoned to the llRper House to hear Sir George Grey's reply to the petition presented by Convocation last year to the Queen, praying for leave to consider and agree on changes in the constitntion of the Lower House, to be afterwards submitted for confinnation. This reply has already been published in T7e rinw,cs and it is, therefore, unnecessary to re t it here. On the return of the ProIocutor and assessor3, ir. Burehell, the actcaa-y, read the minutes of the last session, which were of eonsiderable length. Thesehavingbeen con- The Atchdleacon of Covmerir presented petitions from UPWArds of 400 of the clergy and mnore than SOOlaymienof the province of. Casiterbury, praying for the means of enabling the laity to ex.press their sentiments at Convocation on all matters affecting the -welfare of the c'hurch. Archdeaon ArLTMT then presented . a&petition, froma the LoDwer House to the Queen, in the following terms: ." That whereas it appearsbya recent decision of the oficdial principal of the Court of Arches,that, inthie case of aclerk convicted of drunkenness and gross misconduct, lie heavier .sentence than thaLt of suspenslon' is likely to issue ; znd wheeaswe,yor Mjesy'sloal lery,in Convocation providing for the jnore peey, a eKient eiforcement a sound disdpline a st offending aes, may not be stdb. mitted to the wisdom of the High Court of Parl1ament." Archdeacon Wonswoptms objected to the petition &S infornal,.from the tacttha,t it puiported-to be m4dq by tho ovwer House2 instead of proceeding from Convocaion, and after some dis6ussion it was amended by Aredeteon- Alen in that sense. Cinon SELWYN ye notice of his intention to proposea .etition to' the UJpper House, recpeatim hins. race an8.~ 1herordthipo toutae intorconsideration the subjectofa address to the Crown, praNn that Her Majesty might be pleased to appoint a boy of learned men, wel ddlled in the original trguages of the Holy Scriptres,to consider of such amendments of the *athorized version y a have been already proposed, and to receivesuggestions from xa perpresentingsw nis Gw r them; to r omtmunic'attapith foreign aholars on d ificult pasaes v;hen it may be dee ed advisable; to exauine the marginal gs which appear to have been introdu aed into some editions since the year loOI;to poie, weth some tors andbh ashave idher changed the iry wanse obetein the sajee of tiCe;handtoereport fArTm tmoel tlti the sebercss of gmtheir wori and the Amendments ahich they may ho prepred to recommend. - ; . The Archdeacon of CoVuP.Y presented a petitiHon representing to his Grace aud their Lordships that it appeared to the Lower House to be a subject which mitht fitly occupy the attention of Convocation, whether wny and vhat stoen might be taken towards the reuuiion of the divided members of Christ's body in this country * and, with that viewv, whether some comamunication might not bie mnade to the Wesleyans onathis hubject ' Chancellor todesim oved that the schedule o£ gracon minaopresentedby Archdeacon Wordsweorth asto church rates be referred back to the Committee of Gravamina. TheiPh oLocurore now atnounced that the eouseswonld proceed to take up "tdropped business," adding that what isdropped business" wvas he could not say. A discussion was then about to commence on the reso. tious of the Upper House on the report ot e the ofedivilegeo apourned on the 9th of Febrnary n ast, when a messag arrived sumnmoning the Prolocrtor and his ass"esors to the upper House. On their return, The PROLOCUmOia announced that he had been instruced by his Grace to desire the tow er HIouse to take into consideration the present state of the lawvaffiecting the discipline of the cleipy, and to appoint a ommittee on thc subject which would report to Convocation at its next session. A committee was thereupon immediately appointed, consisting, besides the Prolocutor, the Dean of Ely of the folloving members.:-The Deans of Bristol, St. i?nul's, and. Salisbury. the Archdeacons of Maidstone, st. .Abans, and Salop, AKrchdeacon Sinclair, Dr. Jelf, the Archdeacon of Coventry, Chancellor Martin, the B1ev. Mr. Msssingberd, the 1Rev. Mr. G. Mutt, the 1Rev. AIr. F. Vincen;t, Dr. W$ords worth, and the P.ev. Mr. Bickersteth. With this list of names the Prolocutor once mere pro. ceeded to the Uipper House, and on his return read the schedule of prorogation proroguing Convocation to the Utl of AypriL Thins terminated the proceedings.
THE NIGHTThGALB PU.ATD. The following Report of the Committee of the Niahtingale Rund has been forwarded to us fox publication - "The committee beg to report that inpursuance of tht resolution adopted at the public meeting held on the 23tl of November last at Wiliss Roomsn a copy of the proceed ings was sent to Miss Nightingale, and she was requestedif the offer to place at her disposal a fund to enabie hea t establish an institation for the training, sustenance, am protection of nurses and hospital attendants, met with he approval-to name a council to co-operate with her for tha object. "We have the satisfaction to announce that 3liss Night ingale has signified her cordial acceptance of the proposa made to her, atnd has selected fiom the list of the committe the names of the gentlemen whom she wishes to act as he council. We think it will be gratifying to the subscribm to the Fund, and to the public generally-and but just t 3Miss Nightingale herself-to give publicity to her acknov ledgment of the sympathy which has been expressed, an the confidence wlhich has been reposed in her, by persor representing every class and every opinion in the countr She writes as folows:- " ' Scutari Barracl; Hospital, Jan. 6e, I856. "'Dear Mr. Herbert,-ls answer to your letter (whic followed me to the Crimea, and back to Scutari) proposim to me the undertaking of a Training School for Nurses, will fistbeg to say that'it is impossible to me to expre what I have felt in regard to the sympathy and the conf dence shown tome by the originators and supporters of th scheme. Exposed as I am to be misinterpreted andmi understood, in a field of action in which the work is neP complicated, distant from many who sit in judgmuent upc it, it is indeed an abiding support to have such sympatl and such appreciatiou brought home to me in the inidst. labour and difficulties al but overpowering. "'I must add, however, that my present work is such: I would never desert for any other, so long as I see woom believe that what I may do here is unfinished. " '.May I, then, beg you to express to the comnnittee th I accept their proposal, provided I may do so ontheirunde standing of this great uncertainty, as to when it wi 1 possible to me to carry it out? " ' I beg to name the following to act as my Council,* conjunction with yourself and Mr. Bracehrid[e!- " 'W I th regard to the general committee, I th.ank I friends for the offer of making any additions to it which might suggest, but I am perfectly satisfied wvith it as stands. 'Believe me to be, yours very truly, " ' }LOR&NCE NIGBT1SGALE. "All doubt, therefore, which may have existed in 1- minds of any as to Miss Nightingale's acceptance of the p posalsisnow atanend. The objecttowhichthefundms be appled-and which has metwith such strong supp from aU classes-bas received the sanction of Mms Nfight gale herself. "We may therefore congratulate the yublic that creation of an insitution, by means of which a careful s systematic training, with constantpractice in our hospiti wil bring to the tending of the sic,k throughout the coun that skill, tact, and devotion -which is necessary to the s cess of all medical treatment, is undertaken by one I eminently qualified for thetask- " As regards the subordinate and detailed regulation be adopted in the proposed institution, and wvhch the c fidence of the subscribers wisely left to the 'experier energy, and judgment' of Miss Nightingale, rome rema mzade by her, in a letter which accompamied that in wl: she accepted the scheme itcelf, appear to the committe replete wvitb sound common sense that they cannot forl ussng the pvenussion they have received to quote th They are as follows:- "' 4 The confidence which the subscribers to this fumd h shown me has been so generous and extraordinary, that perhaps hardly necessary forme to alude to a very nat' letter, which Iam told has been prmted, to the effectI must furnish a prospectus of what I am goig h do, be I can expectto have money subscribed to do it. I think perfectly reasonable if I originally had ask-ed for the mom which, of course, I did not. Bt to furnish a cut and db prospectus of my plans, situated as I amnhere, when I car look- forward a month,'f much less a year, is -what I we not if I could, and I could not if I wotuld. " I I would not if I could, because everything which ceeds is not the production of a scheme of rules and reg tions made beforehand, but of a mind observingand adap itself to wants and events. " 'I could not if I would, because it is simply inposs to find time in the midst of one overpowering work to di and concoct another; and if it e4ildbe done it would simply bad, and to be hereafter altered or destroyed.' XThese words augur well forthe practical spirit in w) this task is about to be undertaken. " That M2iss lightingale should postpone its comme ment until her presence shall no longer be required in East, and those labours shallbe corapleted which have' ferred so much benefit onhercountsy, is in strict accord7' with that sense of duty by which she has shown hersLt be always animated; but the course of public events just the sanguine hope that before long she maybe relieved i those ]aOUS and that life and health maybe vousclisafe her to undertake in another field a work not less ipor than that she has accomplished, and which has endeared name to the hearts of the English people. On behalf of the Committee, -"SIDIgEY R BR "S. C. EBERT;, X BHon. Se( T. nr 7lTC - -CoioneLjebb, U#61. Lti, Im Morenwal of rou3s 3am Clsr}, MD.. Pbsidai in Ordirmy to tbe Qnee&, W ford (the Very Xle'. ThBidyr Dawt,J late Bector of Xizig'S Sod IH&nts)* Sir Jchn M'KeL Iste Coemnioneriu the Climes BecdoeJtnsEsq. bLDe BJI.& flsidai to Et. George's]Iospit t "T zisirttefl the of JaxrnaW when there WI efedationef pece.
HAwovER-sQlzuE Roo.-A conoert vat g here lasd night, in the name of Siguor Giuseppe O ("pianist to His Majesty the King of Sardini ), for benefit of the families of Piednontese soldiers kiclc wounded in the Crimea. The room was nearly tliiee - fulL The progrmme included performnaces on the p forte by Signor OjVerti i pup, his Dawsoi,. f:~~~~~~~~~~- fantasia on the oboe, by Signor Faggi, from rIAnks; piees byhlissStabbacb, and other singerm leiskioi - Ad a larg e quatity of militaryxusie, from - compo2ers, execurted by the -bons of tho' Roy Guards Blu,e,and First life Guas The mlitary g wsere conducted by the bandmasers of the regienjets; Sigor hossi, Herr B7mndel &c, weree pianoforte Ja paniss. The concert --appeared to *n,e.sr. thoNfoee.present ws observed the Maqis .d'Sz Sardiman hudr
SAL-ES BY AUCTION. - Ieaceboldu Ojholdea, &e.-M Oanrny', Mlarch., 1H6. MESSRS. WEMSTORR:, and SONbegto XU ='nethat their next S&LE, at Gmarway., WMl take OA on Thuisxday the 6th of,Ntard3, ancL wEin includ -oeecletL~ LEASEHOIZn SHOP rRO ETY t amcae soefl aexcellen LONGhld 2tWia-green. de. Partleulsa ga prpdersg-11ng.AtrU ot,oe Plant, Utenak and Bdaellner of a Dye-houm. Cfltat bI y AEsSC.TG.(, W. W MASON ad SONS witll SE LYI. y ATYTIO;, (n the preie. Ns ';dl n 2 itn street, Cripplegate, an wed M n ToAda h and c mthon. February, at ll,an Iota thtvlub 6thLAn aidd7thlaof n.tesenclnreatcmeea ixsotcIer oprhr tak ondbr oengabnkekndpin,a fct., bfedewecod~sa~t h ae n saoisbdo bj 100 braasnad oa 1 in ibaa.gcemaia House sand Shop. ew Dtsp ars ad live sets of Stabling, in OsIr-tree-moewt, St. .7 onoLjoduto £243 pranm (tHINNOCK' and GASIYOURTHY ar i=tuced- %/to SElL by AU12rION. at the mart, on Wcdsa ay. Fobroai ~lat l,t?iorcapital HOUSE sod CHr.NA SHGP, 1%, Tiew-tt Dorietiuam le on thO f or an unsopUieid term of 21 years, at£ VW bahiam,1 and hedfra neaphod te f 1Iyeaes Ieses O d.11- houereata lowuwd S,1w rOatrnew.q John's-wood, held for a long viwe, i iartlars obtainod 3ofu Um aineaaVlaa solcitr"i A zwxsuw Stand-- DfMesgrm ILurgoyne, Clark, ar4 MOie , 10 Oxford-irtreet; of Jol6r Harr;% s, .a, oDlicitor. 21. Ar;*l-11 stree;ndof Stesees. uathsekiand Galsworty auctioneers and srs1 seYors 2 Rgent-street. W&troo-pl*ico. Xt71'IN.by lretissof heTrustee at theMatoWdeday,Febesry20,-a vry esirbleLEASRIIOLI)ETAE comprisng wo ouss ad aops,ben Nos. O and ll. S adon-street, I' etbarseteraea riedl rsiene No. -3 Westbourepae Di5Op5-T5~ th knOlnt corner hovse' and grccb Jatree, let n lesse at 21 per. asmum :ar the insid hous nesteho, No * amesstret, an umns-terrace. well Marated for busiess ssrosesheldforla teicms, anid partly let to excellent tenans, wh havepai onu tbe totaLl annual valUe being £415; lAommbury, igh-strt Westaminster to en Orler of the Hig or of Chancery. nuaide in the cuuses MeCuiech . Orgor7 andothe carers ul,i la,eun thereto. PHEfofl naPreebold Estates, Nin ;-LotL1 The long-e sle FpnaVic-bowa. Imowiv as the Crown,. situate in 0xfand-tmc.dlot~pol Ttebn-ostrs:lt o 37, Higli-st.-cet;lb-street;lot4. Yes, 41 sj4,Hg. sitreet: Lot S. Io 1.igh-etretet; leotf N.o. I4g2, t 't;1. ha 7. Nio. 46, High-ctreet; Mot S. No. 47. Ilgha-street; o 9. No. .15 High-. street; lot 10. en.s 50 and 51, Itigh-toteot; Lot 11. No. 2; Orcsean- eFarr'sSheP, Stable withl Tonemneut adjoining. withh.aelousa shoeing a eLd, anid a coach-houe and stable : TOt 1.3, Nos. 25 2 i, a-,id 2 7; Croan-i street: Iot IC. X-e 28 29. 0ad1Cs.ese, ?v,4,4a.d5. ltegcntt'a-plame and Faai, 1,2.3.4, 5.6. and 7. Burnett's-buildings- endI lot IS. ltos.3ton1 Crewn"stveboth inrlwive;and No, a W,e and 11. Regent's-place. The ifore premises acer. Iet chiasy on Jess to rePectable tenants at rents amo0unting to £1,13 per anurrm, and will heoot the incerased yearly value of £1,110 aisc atenstrel on the expirationof teruof19~vrs owe SpZed, and to which the lots 1.. and oB-taiedrslida Coyof ldas C eeandt Hodgo,n, roitosha, erp% Wo b rt toll, solct, 011 Jew yehmbss amcm. W,. oopr. Sell;0Ot0e Crmown, rciabl the Anetion?lnrf a ndof g 7&ssra.inu,ochr anloleo thy. au drctioner andln thervyes. 8,Relnstret (HINNOCK and GALSWVORTHY aile dSELtL to c ArCIOELL t ty AC ION, art tb-iat.e Thursday, Feb. any221 at I m iOtat. an valuable COPYI LD ltON¶ y stesialaO bnty situatnding the ihacries,o wihl greenospe.t.;anbte tgoccuatio of trs. Joneasean other respctale enats flog sAnodig underlhsasr atene onirdrb blowuP- thei valu. Plns osandle lelr may be obtand ofuG. EfMaos,. stret Waterioo-placo.a h Acinbie;ado mud00 Gaaorsohs, rectlvoble on3 thegdceatse fac ldyc go 8;it los,bydrecationh ofther -for btgnwctr (iHINN0CR and GALSWORTIY- will1 SELL bvy AUCIN nt tire 31art on Thursday, Feb. 21. at 1_2,i threei potrtatn valuable REVMLD -ompisn th£,oi bonls, sftawndingnthse, thme MIOf hihl respIcabl trMuse, en'eeval nthe decese tao -usban inh them atson shallasttin 21 or bein hauso da-ugt ershlat-M saiue2ut ormarle.theldy has hid huelet rnephid, whol duied aery young. listsd with ratleers ion wlly bOccuered in fou lots rf- £-lible eals, Pa wiculyr tands coditIoa Tof ole ay Sbeopaind nof ng. . 23rb. Cwr,, 11me. tan at the Aue f nlycton rtart newl of and -ass. (hirne anum nd 1ialawo v auctIneer.P8,IMtesetsrm f5 ee. Wateagoupand eto Norl Iard-sulre Fotnd hlaR-s-Three enbtauledoaseMs Coopretorm two 11,9olet to i- Vetablo.esmtbdns, Grn otler nor JcerilnKod.- -n= soON acttir, l.,ar, on Thurysday Feb. V~2ilt. jrpit 3oxPeeiaut p'MrteRlNtDltFCeavrika=lad J,wyo -a tre, Noart;g-( tftlrr ChnnomabldtGasstots rt auc0tpeoneerus thea the.dluaeyostst Residgen-te. o '.cot, aining sPupror e aoaanfo aiywl bersodgwth imobemediate posession, Inthe hobest pare hold dtre,t . thein fr tholer oar letong taus at odanste ground ren sts. Maybei-tewd- (HINNOCK and GALSWVORTHy will SeL bye lioha tob yAUCTION, at the Ant nTuctdag. Faeb.21 atD12 in threy of Apuilney-out, whic exstrte-nds-from FXHighstee to CIOwN-t. ien thepaishofSt.Gies', lonebury, csitae ato some othe busest tho-e ogfares inthe %o tropond commndistaine of1ihues of rhecent eretio, sceneir lusbcmplte, aundu all ind secllntdeair, well drambed and the) pLRIdowihewter id (fully taetuped byt a moursta rspt.-ble cass ofh whouly teJonannts;ralso a Leasehowd inSho rer.andhos,bsgol. Croinstret, etat- fo the o hrousDudleyicourt.pnewy irts, anclt ona leas,_ fora annu, an helttorn unrepiedtem of2 dearate,tagon rent. of Thdeon sup lerior mo,dem 2-bliar Gr taspsin ase, B lh odg-~ se; an cluvrtn fseieter.1,Slsuy-Hetatad ~e. als fof esdrs.Cino.o andGsf orb C'IHINNOCAKow and NexALsmttmt i vORTHY irt-- been aoRed witH- DnstuctON fro inth rucoed tof thELat by it-AmCtIONSEL by AUCTIONd, at The uction Mewart 2, LoZ ndnearly in apreibl nt theo auboustssa t,te entiy-ut REODmANIO.) bieirng fIAAi G tE sea aEndcoYmandie aglinegviw inof th ofwhier-ch usual doetic li; togethernum wit a fodur-sal rstabc,eletan coach homouteradoinngetere fromt the mewrs ag,In athere, and havin a prit-eqa vto ethe imotn fromteahusge.t Thisproptabrty stltonahet lheae for a Theeeber,tties owaerontienhS of Roe,at. thiemderatereticof £2it perannum,r o Cn3 only sheiewed by L,da erinsso ofic the te nant at cn vorenienhors, andrera and trticlngarsotan o ofrms Thomas a ondiAul, 190. Tsolcistor.t W outhn-ewalera, suffiolk; an ofe Messes ahnnockMr arond Dawswoelhyaucaoneer auond lTand Lhaget, %Rgenthstree, London,Acio MrtShr Thes-upebYo modem Furnituthe ofAbrdeeon oTtisag e,braiham ai Six2 clever fas Hack SAnd ligr thores AUweltoM's-n in lthe negh bou shrhes) eac torough-bel-iered Creoltdrsn eryas avest-raite Phon for hilden,a fahioablellrugha al ostnew, a0 p haIrhrse Do Cart Coss~ Pgs,Poulry, nd therEffet artbcguiners,pwrth ofn aRgntlmand-il immedia4thel fahouehg t oeTe bae witmeditatwlytaken d admifrted c lonstrcan. ofa thes r ntail etotay,a J~ UTOHN.DAW ONw isiSEtrce byASELIOby 1and 3 t1 ec a.th xeln moen FiNTII n oHe PRO'dPItTdYi all betor advrtisgedent for. Th grentlemn'sriams cws,th. worill beand baon!th Wednesd,ay.dT be viwe by moders ni on Mondy Fheb entrwhno loratlegn ayt be aw d on the ocpris, an Olt of. tohe Dflonst ator and lhmand eightrs bMdr;uberos gh-chsrn`ers boresi aOutfule ponsst othcomyof b Woeepr'ssla band in the d_ocese an 3a-heplbL oilrn sheeould Resmadeincte meaGrontimen the Inll- tiCulviAGEt of TEin&rYGretheIaggregate incantr,e of which pentacheFs £90 praa annum,San u with amdr resdene, replet Ma comfort,eE l eretedabiou te 12yrs ao,pine a bstyle and t a ,cs. r~a Jotem OrtNt noen greatN rspnstrubctyataed to the liveng ThI vnrable incumftbenIa VWW tisin his 8th yer Pr In~ate ph0articulars,ywith codtiosohae nRE OLy shortlb hod ioatins6 consihwingof nahmed)a Worcetr HereMford. andmIirAY buiat. Possessrngal Jtne arndgementa o 1a Tentlemnsyaboree, Swithperaurk, soIitors; gatrteMat; and pat Mr. pohncDarecon'siin l o 1 1c-and and aucio ffcr, trtoouglchamcss, 41, Bi rde ofL bye Aherif N, aRolt th deMrt, HonsThold Febrniuary, co1, at 12g, TWE wTY O raiE SH RESoi Suthe, cAU-CTIred in amsl ots of woee shares, rte acho £5e. a sell-seure fathglam ihndestent tihe Cellarn ofPora et atnth bard.g Prntd particulars withcon oso oyh bi-t ainedsom les, Brittn fand Tarront, Chbond-cor,Hnlbmc soletes-a thealme leart; and ath Mrix Jo admsunxired vduien, an nearth rentranc to the p ark. G. OHN MIWSO will SELL by AUCTION o Wedn. at theb Mart,19 pearyinoyo M ach, onlet pmgof y sold hyEmbr o oi% nhegwotiatOn, that ecepenta andi-ts atUisHlLIn RE UDNCE SIO, HOmS jadap twd inalloits Abarranemsents.o ait gentemad fobamily wLithportico fandumt bacnes. plato-glass -and wedindows andrit moder decortos. Thrbe-o ousehcotauns cestrs of drawer,a chbeyalanda dining whlos - ofthe firs roorm and tere ame tegh bdebwaieg moon the tw coelird -aiteryf convabenin kichelfn,sulery, lardcncer, aigd otherT oeind and othecs-Moe, valuab;e Invetment DIr. JOHN MACQ'UIRE has receivedl instrucLtions ffrom the Tonsftees of the lato Mr. Joseph Adnitt to BEL,L by AUCITION, at Gaam7ds con Monday, February IL. at 12 for 1I e cisely. subect to conditina to be then and thore lprodwsed, all ta RAE LDWATERSIDR PROPEIITY strate at the hIUrper MAIl Hammerfani hinthoecounCtyof?&ddlesec, on the bank of the giver Thsanes, and adoiin the Chwik-pier, consisting of a mnodemn well-built mill for cFsiglned asaiu nlse hr ad h wharfandmilltogether hvingsafrontage fl153feet to the river, and aSo A-ve Texements, otF the annuAl value of £7e, adjoining thereto. The inturmal arrangemonts of thBsamill have ae mride regardless of expens-s, so as to combine all the moot recent improvemnents of thie seed crushinghbuinear,and consistof a 25-horsepoweriraprovedcondtmng'M on hn and Ciamish boiler cmplete, andmachinesy,incsluringes-opaiirs off. I-et edge stoes strong iron be pates, wourght-iro - h and drt,ing wheels,-two pairs of seed rollers.withlrameansd wheels iler%te,'a*3,,PU ankettle sasck ~~~~~~~~~~lDer fxd they are by MKessrs ll, ]E. W11lion *nd Co.. of Loeds, The engine Ji equal to crush- ng360 quarters of seedpe week. Ther is cistern roosnufor 75 tons of oil and storage for 1,00 Quarters of seed,' The mil and fiv tens' snouts are leasehold for aterm of. 50 Ieams commenctng frozn the 24th day of June, 1I45 except the last tirea days oflSach term, at tire yearlY rent of £60only. The rest of ther ptqtyialoaasholfor&aterm of 40 yeas, neaneningfro th 2 Th of -be 1811 at thme yearly rent ofM£0 Themilis nowin the otu=psoinof ideats, Grahamslidd Annatrong, on a temporary agreement (terminable-by four weeks' -notice). at amontldret of£- SycelalW attention is viyted to tbefolowlonennt l -thaf rt the bodnigfer-mww ,thAt -themchineary ll uhasaeo .eeeslde s euea uniusully large prolIt. The i be iefo h sl) stUatinat Kensngton, whie the rate to Lentonby bargeSSODISYIS per ton,,so thathe item fr ariaewouldte es-tportaot. A corp5r5tively smal1capltal, with a mneaeanitemttof persoal attention, willbeocertainto sereavery lamegretumn Fers -avawpyto Messes Graham a,d Annstrons, on th iaa; nd for tirtlee particulars to ?,feams. Jones Wells BAnd = eX Gceetbusgb John Maoqrci (thle anctinssrt, or w, Deun nis,seitcu, a;o NcE-thamptoss ;c to XMe-et 5~m4ga UAR @ ;vgllC i54f. 4 EJ= M.tlb "d. *?L b1 y, AUCTOf -. id~ RMiogdi ?:Zl . t 1.ontb lOkl'TOOLtIs 'lAChiery. And Stock: 12nabh eaf-outing lath. by Shanics, 141ee bed-maelf cLn' mahide to tS,Si 2, n wide by 4 Fet2 in l4en;s'= Tcialddfn jche tone VsYl pwerful) ; aeeiog ncaelaie t. nd-ea Drillito ne:W. aesio euis oCf two. thrfee and Ifser hoise rower. Conihbds SlOtig 12cbin6. six builders' Oostiti-gd drillS? matLeas, -toot lathe., viees and batches, slocko.. taspan diem iei- st,,,d toOOtS `"uillU9-=PParAmAsfor 2DlIgbt,c, es t newportable band ronmToa Bntb's forg'e hellowe, auvils. touts bIhcs and 'ais, &o2cutlonoafwoc pAters,a fe1W lots of houaehold functura, and other effects; &Lssa the ieterpatent for iosprVe-Cuet- in the 2 saulacturo of prtrablebhand dour mills for a term of 14 years To be vi"ewed On Sattuday prertioufl to the sale. when catalsMUeS mlaybe bad on the preanisas and of dti Fidler"ss HeraT, Bll_nr-atesj .W E.S'SRSFU ndfO EYare instructed 1(Eto SELLLEA utrSeree. FULLYPOER andi9 24RanY w0incls SEL ebr beMsrEd, t andN bartn,.toe q%ydt'nne,i,s ar idn kVacble, Of eiros ~.bbisbobn-am, t1aee stsE-Zbh,g chat ine rams 8W fer 6 nd th feet dViaSet, inuji-a s dliozensfe Ian etaJamed afortar cinagpe hyd Lsle eelrs. Im bse O'vrcith sunarpor wast. r raaehne wih ppebOtU,s, din 1jS5 grours baesa tonf leadvaluablhngy severe rods o 1nkork b10c ions IFr-4 ril anjd Ihajc7 2a &wns useful Saohnery estuli and rwoogbtins of stheg sparIa- 1&as gerAsbein, a nIDnfl7 o odar thsn S groeing poplmar.aia,t elm, jandlin trees, oand mx-, a3aeriualle gothr' Tst hTol v-ewed oin. Saturday or-isu_s: poto liromle Chen stalogne1'as my btte fhadon li preid es, t'd 52 bdenians. Fulr- 1'SJIEMSriuee. FULLERI(ot W-meHORSEYwm SEipLLg IMMor.S, of peior t.el CFO WIN, andclnshn.uding a e oesOne tiesofd suren wieny.ro ahndao slas one bDo ~-ymeinor ole ry cmoier dz3'- pozetwne. 4uet.wine. altog'ee186 bosttldy Of 1thaut4.iS-i. n 1 The muayeW Mnib andy Son's slllanl andW ton Tinsa ofth hi e 18l2. bottled in 163 Yaid 1hAd (ata thenAbenAreeuhiaSeminl Hripe,f yoRd lo: o evn ssv n *,tl (hoasnd AfRSd (bI's,Snen inst Forlayensof sn,erio'pale old and br"own sbs, .induelingeen,daro sI care, sd soe bcelas,ThrP arir.e ar a-o n elrs 1 tohiou~y~ in he sae cusody of the ly; acionaeers. They. may be pi3c mayb badat te Mst; sbadoridt.a er n otramg, Fe llelr and Hoesey, nii?er ToCaxehbcniders. Ooaetasirh lons`nneg7,c`-,arst rchsers.b IESSRS. FlULLERM anduca BU.~rSlment O instrucgm-te OD te Pem!~A; nd o M OnrstVhl PrehmiCses, gur,sma ejgfoe, Stret o Torly Fe1 ay1.a 1 nt withotrseerre lGtens ItO oes(assrte) 20tao li atfoedeb, bas t vas iin.te laesan nla"eg cosJbotsas rec rted, intrO tlomtsle~D rSELL IoIat, teogCtndYAU-tnlts- loom, bes. Greeburchtisarelet, I to sulachain, Ftens% burrs wather and boltcing, Cleou zxalenpotk anus or ictent axles.=cl spings coaahironmgsuy dsr i ce-aerb IL L ew4edon olan *lbiea-cau am the o.l hey ent -an,sesma be halst Tol ihldhia lage ~Naay Deal,u, &e,-ifrlIlirnt 0adginsn24 .peI vl-Ylare ad fne abydtosuzeceivd intrect4jiontz SELL,d iVllIbd the Citys ofnrm Ilonsel :t.Gacrchted'lh ds,.pou, 0 Wibed, day."Febru Oary thel thr preciustel . bwithount er,terly Wo.o mod. earn PL-A.E 3in itea, &c.old reG sa-cs, stesaneyf,rkn d sealteclodea larg singe 0 oe brilliant NPriiusan ont henrt studs i-u, P91 ynem te. Nilooldwarciaa b Vloy othuers,an tordlduchaidy-an obthe(K a-alantl ffcats.On atieh althoea dsy ireios, and. orit g ofe r= saule. i fic 4 oajq -tat saved f rr e Jwslem thtces jbIJRsJothNSe wl EL tteCt uto lance.s gold and ivrswee,csl eelr nsnl tn-n s3yed froni the er~ ~~a th Lonclon. For ~ ~ ~ Dcc,Fb.& d f,1 at te rceo, oc monin of ale-Autionollces 44 conaedigof ass-,, turmand naleof urnsad e osofsela Arn3field U appl touth sccim , orutller.hii MayhenelbeT Tooewaers tWo d rking.and litalcuag Euganvers, C and others,n W rl]%jrIi~. EDWARj) LUMEY will SE LL b f A aC LII I ON at24. owe Bosmansroo Clekeartai.o~r,d o6thea, east,fo aI pseeute,opeanbamwe rg,spli- R.HItIL~ iillSEL b SELLo~ b n AtCe the Siantharlstoway Scaiu, North yd. bldli,, n ehs Rn.xc lnt eepIonG d eviwd eatMaogue sonybI ofes Id,feoday adoiin th il,ad fteacioer 3 e gBeoud-srbt.Lnd of Itfntl) Sale of= cue= u rwns t,i,' rit.tesns ceLt vErpOf. ODSS5nxtSL i ac .Lorninlace atnd tons d 1 l odsre,onTusa,Fbur 7. st peisl and of linld seien20 ytecmemntso gartists:-t XO Arnolleld CrusedJuteum M tSe Clint Baibroahst0r IV, on KrndighFb 4 t 22alfer I suat bemv viewedm two d-kays uats and cbignaueterhado, id Hndouesehonldtablrer,s. caiPetawithipnthe-glat cbi ukot~ hsltofnoetle,crg, deceg asled, beoov-cwfrom rthe Hornaesy-os Chines ad oteasWork, drabres, chesasmen,&et ga valabld old Pchaurerin heurnitue cf an yk, two Iron Idescroo Safes, Mandbe20d~. o ain-Ie.tl-~;h BiUshasResit.-VUluaLeCainins lMosElL, roat the riru trEx lbtioMnoble211 CHimh Hebond HI Othe Glaat 11 e?ellocls capitral gao in ae lancututeame, oeand Wat-colttwoorddrawingsDroom chaioo natre.Sly b viwe, ad ctaogue.rs had. kihn n eus FriueCottage dianofort%.cansole -a.dpertM oor,e prmiss, 2. ap ddrbeesyg lasteet, ancTetioyofeb nduatl ill, he HUSEHO,~ Pby UftI,%t enauent a,irtistss o il.rthu assal eaipton chmne-gasss,d otrbeddchingoottsge plaonofomi nearl ge ltdgod.onmen brdelenaandgls.ad kitcheuen re-ta quisits. AS view thedayLirndanaudwen tatowsadr,ur a b Street, Ths m.vKnintn F4 . W.A.OMASLEYSELSLL yA OI~ theal 3oms52.Ol Bond-stesetr , on 3 Wednra.Fb" h 6t,at 16fo HOUSM LD isely .T HOS- L UNTUI,Irhl Frnch and oteartiedrsteadl chaip"ts, ami~ns liey, utioneer , chte ouerts,reit, plalreo-glasIck, No 43 idrgisstetoth ot. he ethradSa In .Th33Iambic Leass, ith poesion. Ofthes sE wboloearl cretaa - ntst, adapteS TtPLISd SON, and HARDING Wil SELL-by It ]EL Blacke rand with counrnt of the Mateeg,gee4s,ina Thurrilay Febrearylatlpunenduly.the LEASIoIthosewxrclmlent1US1dSS FILMMAbeing o. M_ LudgaI-treet. urlonwhhhe a la.iV Tmns hA3 within ahortperiod beenexpended, Theycanah naLm alW chas ers, two large work roam., two show rooms 4 hadomely decoated commnding hop (wih late-lAss -t, xh, sabera mnt a.tlyr farnged bernecop hd for the snsxperio welof13yrtags, at rent, Ma be vied tll the sale; amt eticlca,s dad on the premses;ot W.PBe4 J:q.offil a¢oe, mo emsn% bebina, o Me a hberga ewae-staeetd a of the auctioneers, 1, S lIlODmOUth rbllil-VaablereaktBree italt105c Dwellin !Ug i houbed and 1 , IxAtem. 1 W. J. }S will SELL by AUCTIONe by 1! reof theTrustees named iaaelenmunt for the besmst of thae cieditos of r. Jae Esd,a at the tGre-oamd Uotel, Aier. gaveny ossadn.d Feb. 13, at2 in the aYtQruocsa, byprjViRdO 1Fjinshe co otrft edhh dnetieb griI sbictto eetas emimditioa ,of 8asi Loin l and 2. Loti coo. sts of all that exSen.uae and oos-eslnt BIIItWEttY, sIlt-" in th tow, of Abergasenay, andl kon as the Hanover IBeeery,t a epital asrems-useesmal-home ada gooddwemg-acots, assato enently arsrcsugdS foe bes and the whole in exceln - a *apeir well-Daged and nearbynewr aax.asterhaewngpaon t and xX large store p lers ILeticonsistsof allthat Fehl Plot oGoud Sow fenced out, heingael of Cantef and, situte f in d,s o Albsereaoy andx fcrtnorx sSshee S t calle Nottip lint. __ nbedhnx issasreS Sc rtsraeas n haoe aad!t fln ialsbrd9 o iegitofheCauifltt.
To Florists and Nurserymsefl-The valuable Goodwil of the late MEr. Groom's Business, witht the Lease of Precmises. Greenhouses, Forcing. ts. ±o.--ClaDham-Ti50. SUrrey. MESSRS. NORTON, HOGGAI(T, andl TRISTbeg atoinfornithie 1pube, that the above PROPERTY, offered for male at the Mart. on FnidayList, was not dipoedof, and may now be TREAEI) FOR- by Private Cents ct,-02dmBrod -street. orth DevOO.0--LOCalSaesin Estate Lot-.-The Eastelgh and Westleigh manors. Bartons, and Estates, with capital Manor-house, p4stan and Farm Houses, fficeea, Lawns, and Paddocks, Cottage ltesidence and Grounds, DwIling-house, Cottages, Orchards, and Gardens. near the market towns ot Barustaple and Bideford, and extendirng over about 1,100 acrea. 'MISSRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TRIST ,.Lhave receiTedl instructionsto offer forrSA?I in'O los,Ath rertesque Arms 3Hotel, Bursitape, in the month of April, lualem proviovusly disposed of inaonelot b, ri-sate contrac-t,) toevery valuable and importanat FREEHOLD P78E , known as Eastleigh and Westleigh Manors Bartons, and Estates, lying between anLd bordt an the old and new turnpike roads from firsayot Id~ Intersected and bounded on the west by the Bidleford Extension Rawilwy and the river Toriidge; distant about seven miles from Barustaple, a capital markret town and present termiinus of the, Worth Devon? taway; two miles irom Eideford, another market town and sea-port;- and close to the favourite wateringg::bstOfw thepricipl saton on the Extension RailwAY fromn pIe to Bidepfrd Tis fne roerty, commands extensve and lovely iews of the riesTaw and Torridge, and thesurondn= outy opening to Bideford adBrtplBy,Ldysad,and th ritlChannel; is in the immediate neighboUrhood of several tacks or hounds'; andI in a higly picturesue and fine sporting latof the county of Devon. Te manor of Eastleigh compriwse ch everAl bartens, estates, and tenements, known an the EasteIh Mlanor House, Higher andaLower Bartons, C-ourtices or BartIeW tenement. Syncock's, Higher and Lower E3nckbo-voug. Little Pil. hiead and west Asbrdge, mn the perish of Westreigh, Knowle-hill and Almers Downs,in the adjoining prLhof Fremiington, and numerous cottages in the vilaeof Eastleigh, with the manorial righta The zaanor of Westeigh comprises the Several estates and tenements known gWscg House and Farme, Mark's tenement, Easter and Wester Lisings. Southoott, Downumans, and SouthrottMrlFarm, mills, Itc. ;North and South Parra Parks, Lllakes or Fennywill, Tor ViUe. ziumerous cottages in the vilage of Westeleh the lime Idins, and stone quarry, withmanorinl rights, Ac. The*t. anors extend over about1,100 acrsof capital arable, meadow, anA'pastureIland,beautifulls' intersected byrun-ing streams, and interpersed wxith thriving plantations and woods, with fmar-houses yards, and mostconvenient agricultural buildings; and the dwelling-houses orchards, guardens, cottags and prnsemie comprise nearly the whoi of the two villages efEasteigh ad Wesleigh:a porton ofthe property having a1 walnblequary f bildig aoneon t, itha westerly aspect and, ~ontgetohenwturpikeoad therailay.and river. is admirably Tunbridge. Kent.-Valuable Freehold enclosures of Accommodation land, close to the Grammar School, anud in. the centre of the town of Tunbridge. ~ESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST have received instructions from the Executors of the late icevaimus Knox, Esq,. to offer for SATl by AUCTON, at the Mart, on Friday. cib. 16. at 12, in lots, THREE veryvzluable FREE-, 3HOLD ACCOMMODATION ME.ADOWS, and twro small pices of Wood Land, known as House Land Lodge and Stacki-fields ms e11bl situate, adjoining the grounds belonging to the Tunbridge tihoycoeto the church and the high road, and in the very centre of the m p tl on of Tunbridge, in the county of Kent, tLe whold lan& tox redeemed, stec and copiing abou15acsrest, inteoccupatioan oftMr. sin, earea. atd thet yeagly ftof £n2estsm.eht porssinwllb ie Aley-ayTet reayve besruvionwed and ofarticulrs had at the Mrt,ose and Crown Inn TuPbTIdE; ofT.:-o 1. Rut Asqv solicanitor Simnnes. Mall compiinate-hall waeofusooe Turneur floorsoandciasrme12, Grysinn. countre houes, yrs.d,en and Walkoner,soncitos. eli nboy idguate th.2 Manrt.o;'andof Mewes CaNortn H gat, and in Trciist, 62, Oldg Broad Itanstreet, oald Exebardnge. noo h ot motn itairsi thcity of L ndon-VeTy valabletand mafrtaneFeohold eroerty,dsis etorew Cannon-steet andKn fro itlaan-tagee,occupysingansextcan- siretearear codmersieligibleo forsiovestseneror descrithou,orfrn &,WESSIS NORTnd, OG and imdaeoTRl IST have received insrcinteofrfrS EatheMt,n Fiy.February15. at 12. ntolt,tefloigeteeyvlal FREEHOLDut,N. 5 PR PERIS vi.:ote ey usatilBid kgw, comprisingeptlwrhueo ordo and aseent with couning-t;cmlihouse, ar, adohrcneine,eiil ut o2 artin's-l ane,s adoinn thveral hn'sadTadsa' Lf n atinceofc, ind posewsn eaunTe ,adncoe rxmt t igWl traren-street and Lomadsre,oeothmoim ransttisn hred ctyr of Lonon Thes prpryhat rntieo 4 eta~t si vexteme adepth60fet,cu sandfrmisaataeupoton wecl Mthr Mmesanil pauanes. nbad and imeat oesonwl 3ftn'-arte andjoinn IestIadoehasmlrncsdto. bet tortheLsrs Fin tate uon t'eae forda ermo wH,ertorshwlxire, tady-aou Ca es twa viery ~~ i adeqate frentalof £165wpe Eaninum. A h L iieWfSeSRS. FNcOR 'sTeOs, tHeseGpemisewoud pRovIamST porant aevdjunctrutoiot ns h two pofferties ocupt togeMathern 2ran area. of aboe N.ORTHuefca feet. MAy4 bite viewed, plandpar t3uerrs hadou tof m iesrsFe and Coa solt citorm 2,e Heritttba-sreend Mufvendt-ardens; at the Grart;Nre and ofMeer.oteCoun,Hgatie Rand Wist, 62nOd Broma-stfreet Rioyal Exhisan ublge.tycngt ougar Houbse,nia andl caeonvenien-eleasntoe, Meui ie-end ew-ton.a IrESor aot 2. as sOtOdd, wihornametaltme, and apIS kVrach reeied byaczinstdrucions to oferforSanelode,atthMart,d andri Iet,e sfituaes o. eve, Pleasanit-row, and am-street, pieend Note. otlewomprisin th prmsubstantal sugar-hous xesie andwaeh usbesrfy cr,=srogl tibee, anda bapWabl oftbaring as veyconfodtable wegt counting-houe,ffmesn'syrom,dsed,-and yadfenloedbyufld.ns lago -cttgsngaterdgthrihteswholeofthe valuble plntmeasndaclsuesyf ambeete rateadw cost ofoseverlthuand pud, m ins-rt extelln workingttondition,exandpossingly evlogtery reustewforcarry naing on indextensiesgare tarade.0 ImmediaThe posessrorion mafb thad Hlads oave foren reunextireRdrterm uof 18e yeas,t apvecplew rent of £7ery Cnieannum uma be rewe, npairt icuash tothe Commer i Sa f gnleRom,mincing lane dof hessrs.oline an ValIane,6slicTOrs,1 Essex-Oret,Storand. - at aio the Mat n f r.Nroymnt ofgrt andricut,ra an Od Bproad- tet oalnExhange.svrbl oltigy tl ~he orthLodg Estte o thebrder of whiceotfe2d1hie,ans abo ut ME SSRS. NORTO, HOGGART, and TRISThv haveL received instructions to offer for SAILEI at the Start, on idy eria Feb.29 thnes prvousTH isosdG of.T tithalabe free,E plesatly log.dlgtuysituate, inCo hatyloreahtyon the Ne bour ofm the county ofa Hertfabut t-iw.oamites.and aehalesftfrom the. Pite's-baromplnd Bafel Sation ePsro theougreat, Northern andfiEaster COountion Earl. ofera sbtanti~ aland conenien reside nde bsaudenfuXensitute in aee Lenhe y a crraeol drive,w rixthetance lodge,y tahe.n SSRSche oficesofvRyTeONpto, and a godTsppl o TpRInwTr toth woe othpremevd insrctos, t orna enta lawn extensie Mhartbeiy rebnal y kixt,hen oaren lot, an vlabalif' cottageD alsopacofrtabl Fltarm-a eusixtith suiisn cmotable ocotstdar,weIargedresmbidenre,wtx guabe,neaow and woodds ladnmafis-rthsae ofccltiation,o l.Sinr otg d Iymngexccwith lywhelwright'sr.tseop olud sta t h nt tsg ion adth Mr. rancs, ad btwee f pie,n and acvery cthdr elumo Thear residence whichhis hseenptnocmltesbtnil ad Ornamntalrepai, isadaped brthe ccuptions appgentleman' Valy,bl anteheld properyholcls ands feaveour able hopspand fer cm %unig oriccuPationewit the Weknjomeantdo Radicngu,a andth sporntingf huau ve,n threeTeinstevryactilityofefor letting seaaely uany nerxtn,o te fland,withth falarm-oue RE I Cpho, and bidgs ThetaeIna held fo the thoeyofuLncastBer5.tfor aterm ofewhich a outs1e,cloaretotme axied t averyfd lo rhen Hofs £1nd peroo Pannl, hepa lesrehaving t prevHorses andI being entiledToCthree-fouthsiu of h vaue, on te timber ay e viee Ld, e and patcularset thade Mer Totham pton Upo, Bdottlon soblcitors. 0 ntifis- atWo--- the Mar antfMess Norton,ellggathe arond Trst,bldchouea-at racke,Ryl~ TPs-il, Ixt lic-houery deiabl Wosidhamewthe kpossession at ESS h. NO theN,rHOGand RTcos, andtWRiSghare rheceivedo insruction tohfer fncor SAbLE,catothe Mart, WongFriay, Te. 9,wa (unless preioulyispoused Cof,)t the vtaluonabl LEASE,ha wit Pheosession ofavercomp~actdetancbe ReSIECE,kabnp-ow s~ For Loge dlihtulysiuae,clsetoteadubN-buewChurcinted prefPableo tato Tu shill andjwithing themlefte ciyKting' a alc-omp aleate Iaeph nd fildwthe hoie shrna randbl fri res reenhouse, e- ve,yd,nother o- es;thewaoWo a gbuan- wi eotermd,2'g eul o hd,wih A13erticulars,hofMes Barntesoand ofemardi, sell beiom, nd dtotrWcestforsthebe weran yofands.bNorton,esHonert,an Meeasehold atafarTalteBixon ,tl Surrey. y.el 2iSSRSreay nOR hotN tim.GGd aRT a RS ,A.Y. hve ecevedimtrrctonsto ffe for bebad at the Mart, ns ebruahry n ext nonerlot,d afJ valwabde LEAS.O, soictrO PERTY nt ensf and grlouns, in the ocicuaifono Rkmawr. Skiner,otage- ad-th Xawith whfeelwOrigt's sHopg andTpreises, in, thOldion of Fmprtanci,and bTweenafie andesix acrestofmesdowilagnd, inthe rer,patofwhc in adapted TownrOhrwlisgTe whole prxopety isor hel dr.ospi araotel leunses fory unexpire term Yare aboth W4hyarvs, part. bnew nhand auerusdtheemnidrsltarealf£prans Lanor terme toiehexie ion 15f2 whentb the rental conalueupwards Of0 per annm, andpednl of the siateTae prio osesonwhihft applcle fo Matcua sNhd OfesRs.TOlrn, tobiGoGA olcTos and BT dge. have entwreceiat inthecMart; and offMesrs Norton HU a ndameh best 62,ioldy Bread-tree ivoate Echntange. ot orat n -valuable Freehold, CopyoldE and Leaseho Pbin-oues hand Beer souhTow~rn,ial nterielteYar moWk utha,n Redng lthe county of Sgk Yar. I have rheeveintrctonsidraleferfn,er S fLE, n ebrar next, fetaon the couty to Bh ier,s n ; Wiso HoouedPublic-house,cloed tothe saPtatinaTwfrl t ha Horserand Grom Podnt abro-ouse,ha Tharprtyah theHtorseTand Groomiv Puhrv-oue witehos snug cornemises on the ztons.d, atcWudinghm the Beryi Husandia Publdin-hose,a Wknongahe tithe couty of Surey; the Achor PubichueatWkgh ; £1.100 perMiUm, and, as the various leajes fall n, the icoil h at least c £600 per annum. Y2arouth. az is wellknown,s lebrated for its corn granaries and fishing trade, and with the enormou' riet frontagethe South TownproPrty possesses, its immediate conecxion with the town of Yarmouth,-in fact, forming part of the coyrtion itscapital access byroad,and its great facilityfor carrying n h me extensive and valuable shipping business~, theme can be nio questien that It will form a very first-rate investment for any capitalist who would be content to receivea modenateinterestfor hm xoneyat first kecrasng almost everyyear until the leases e-Pire. when, as hasbeen tefore observed, the income vill be at least per annum. The Whole Of the pr operty wil be subdivided into numeroas lois:; the grou rndmts and house property in loin to suit the various lewsemand ether.sdesirous of purchaig fle-ass investments and. the mrsh lsnd far the accomodation of the inhabitante of zouth Townan Yarmouth My be viewed, and particularshad of eses White, h'on, and White soltr 12, Great Marlborough-stree ct KesZars.Farer, 0urry, and Farrcr, solicitors ee 6i ncoan'innfedwsz Mlr. W.Wor,hi* solicitor Gmeat Yarmouth; at thbe Woa Hoctel, arwich; at the1i,fart ; and of Messrs. Nortion, Hoggart, andT Ftot, V2. Olg Broad-street, Royal Exchange. *1SSKRS. NORTON BOGGAoT, -and TRIST ,tATE have received lnatuctior, fromn the Cosmrsonera of HIer sae's Public Works and Building.s to offer for StALE, at the Xart, bnebruarynert, in four lots, vamanle FREfEHOLD ESFA con: poundt rents amounting together to £70 So. per annum, with earblyad importnt reversiouS, asupDy secured upon and ario out of fo-areapital shops, dwrelling-houses, Ac., very eligibly situate, Noe. 911 3, S3, and 94. Bridge-road, at the corner of the York-rose, en the eroeys1deoftWesmnter-bidgee lathe occuption of Moms Dodd, - itn and ethers. At the expiration of thIsresVnt leas,, in 1A16, thec uskeeswll Weoeuentitledtothesrack rentas, atiait~eger at£; e r annum. Partcularswith phase, ay ce hd ef j. Gainer i., Soicitor othe Boardof Works, Whltoball-plsse ;ef P. ad~ wik, Req., Cavsuishisue; at the Mast and of M'eeer, 1IdWtg Pimlico Improvement Act. MES ~SRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TRIST haTe received instrtctions from the Commiissioners or Hecr Majesty's Works and Pobli Buildings to offer for SALE, at the Mart, In February next, in four lots, the foUown valuable PROPERTIn situate in the immediate neighbcurhoodo Buckidgham Palace an the extensiv 'impreent's ecunected thserewithe viz. :-A Freehold Ground Rent of £4p'e'r a1nnm well secured, and rin from three dwellie&houses, Nos. 12, 13,an l%William-street, PimIco,withreyersot)erackrental (estimsate4Ia MWperannmm)in18.2; nine Freehold DwelIlng-beees Ne 23 to 31 i icluars Lva, seft,ee let to Memrs. Johnson, on Ven, tlo rental of £146 per annum, for a term, which wil expire9at erO-day next, when the prset rental wil be very considerably increased; &valuAbleFzreeboKIub1ic-hoacs and Gin-shop, known as the PlineapE itut dnn h preceding pro. perty,csontaining eight roonm, . bar pariour,.tap, roos, and esiass, with stble and eart-hirss Adjoining in the occupation of Mr. Collin,1 and let on lease to Messr. -Meux anliCo., for a term which wil expire in 1818, at a rental of £100 per annum : and a Feehold Property. com- eight dwelling-houses Noe. 13 to 20 inclusive, Staf1ordl-place teprchaerilved enratitle to thfer frac rentals,which mayxbe etimated atom ofwih30 aou -,0 per annum. Tahevewdb eremissionofortherabedein-ow atdofcs n theae Offtce opWrks,m 12,White-t thoue beq.,GiniMarchinext. rattue aucio Maybart and thf Mewts.no Nort lonto, Hoggart.adTit, an6Ts~ 2 Old Bludsre,Royal tExtRhange. MSSPRS. N~ORTON, HOGGAT and TRIST have W received instructions to offr for SAL,~ in Marchg next thow IngX Paubl RE MTTOND EToAThES REaTOd oax TSHeeu-ormaEth Farossinuame of whec ris aoft £sh, perina nnum. dithere somfort-eAs Sableodweointhoue Gancodofcs and tarhemRiwy ageofth paresen bondmed wilboue formar next oartculars may bh ae hWd aobtt wthe atn ofw Mesrs. fortob, Hongar, and Tevrial 2 Onldses Teryad-steft, ayblexmeactowabnd paehodu lated, (landtaxnn roedeere, situate1 nacres;~ and CnldgteFard, aondswithing oaahotistano then and buAldnsoershert MESSRtP crs. o rbe ! mOTO OG.GAnT patrand.Bt T Sthaes receivede instheoctiaons tof oMrKrlk for Searl inermngwtheL followinarm, state in the prish of As,e wihnnua short distances ofrte itane teartion,o the Guwllpit lfodestt and Flosehamthearlway, and parlyboude ho luse,foreemany Feztccpe b h ate, erMlo,i th coubety wit farm~ yad,frmSulds aNdOsevera encosuAReso veauefl amble. meadow andeiepastureuan,constaiin togfetheorI, abet 1h0 aes;, andth Cesgate,siarrte cIonsseotinlge of fAr yar,land, nand buildhngsttogethe witcheabout 7 acresof ambleo, m andabu turomChland.fothi thes farmsyo arexin Ith occatonsit of a coefrtable foratrmhue which exptre ta1g0ea adjiig lwow renbafr£26 pernnum,e cthe=se redstae situateg anearcd tofthe ne,wogetantderhwtth seeandenclosuest the ramblway and mare adapthedore for accommdatio fareswen theou len enses e hpre inellero babnit,frmthewoeis vaual poosietidon,ithe Threntalwlbcosdrabluesy incfarleaseid.da =4 e m May be viewed by applicationto-Pafr,oe,tth EastWy hfaowrm, As h; an prtclas a o Msrs. Cad tte, Weed gate, and Wiam, soriciors, ulco='-in-$s abtcbthe Mart- and th at;adof Messrs Norton, Hfoggart, and Trist, 62, Old Broad-stet ValuableFrYeehold Estate neW M1adon, in the county of Ossx,od iME SSRS. XMIrNO, HOGGART, and TRIST have receied instrsrctlor.sto offer forSATLE, at the3Mart,in the month of April,h EVELAs UPLA0S FARMAT, a Taluable frehod estpate srhi rpry ituate inoet the vilp fMln,narie Softhrwknstr and ctouent ofuch nsear.b tconsst of Watlcgomforntabe fam-ouse, oft xot-. Itag adjoining, ettwsoflarge barls ofle Mcatlesfyards, sheds,h Panbeing, co oSe,blokshes aOTNd varOusGGmbuldng, prodctiv gaR-S enandOU oriad togethnerxwth sea enclosures SHfOmbl and mWEadwadte whole nainn t 08 acg-sres., inthe etate has Ubenfrmded byluthe proprietry fmorthlast threehordan opryearsd fences hmaveben thewdon aendthe eosurhes enitlmargedat liowben tile-brdraied,wt an Y Pad tow oleisintgoodreartanda tnditdong h etlau a be baveyestivaed antraion40 perfnnu r Mayb iiewedt bye appictie tOM . Uxabrdoger. on theremiss andxt pnarticulas hads atn theins Maidlen anoud Cbelmsfousld e of bes privauten 8.onhtehall-plane; aot) the WHrT; and ofMs A.aotn Hegrt, randben Timtp6,oldan proaUxbridge, Royal Exhangre.td=aefbacriwy a po grVfoaltbe FreeholdnStateo, nea WatlintWen,intheronyofdieOtford Mh ESSRS. It om rasthehit HoGs,Gsablsbd,o an greSt mn eaavasetelveadins htecleng toe toffer or Smg at rothge atot the compatfreehofd aroptfert, situteIn thin dparihe tof thwno panddol inthen Chrch,ner theu tOwn ofet Wancotaingeing2 thedutyo Ohaord.rs Iadjosins thems esates ofsetha Earln oacletsfi, and Jvrohnveanieand six porivate Esqittncmpiing arfarm-house and Iot aomagriulturalee buldigst, watogter' wom aithaboudt20acresfabe,psue and wvr ecitonod office necesrsagrfnce:ti the osal~hct iheccupntatind (excptuth cea dpe oh am wine handof t andesecableg tcenant, sadho tHegestimaetedannuali valu smokingroom,bilviewedrot, and particuar inr due stimadlno atbthetinn inr the nihbourhoode bofxesses clbhutten, cw-hitsehall-lace atthes Marl; and of Maretyossrs.ltn buiggarg, and- ducive w-HUSe, greinadte dokin the Hhsreet,inthetwol,withUxbrTdgy cotherainin frontinhop,pablou~the bed rooms, kifomtche rn,was-hue, of, wthe gardns i they t re br; dec mnaei the ocuaino r o.mmdaytb vilewe, and p arittcuofsbd oghfz essr.TeherA ne and Wheite, sollptoed citor,lxrdoe;a the M art o nd Cofhm subestr Nowerton meggrtly an Valabe, andveryrim ortant Freehold and Cphld equln ctinvlu Profrehod.7h aianemntof the aptal market townlb descxribdge witha docksd itiemnthe rayear.wedanptd fort buildnghpuros es. M eeSrne OTN OGR and WTt,sUios1 a -hb rI,BckesT have reeved instructions to offer for SL,a h ht Meay n.Uxrde i ac next, in varouslon unless thewhIsoudb wh ole should be praeviouslyct dipoed ofb] piatN onrcti oelo thle WreHITE proprtye Esituate, an ther valuables anomotatpo perty,insthe centre ofn the w rellknwne andexelut mre ono towrdge with orithegreatyofvantag fabanch ralabio aidpo grsfrom the Draytr n station, on the S reath WesternLn,dietyt -ste roeetyo bu 0 et extendsoingawad in depth instherearaot00fe, and o( vd, iie nonsitainigl0e adfresin roomns, wtrclosets, lie" lst, and everysc coveniene six prvae sittingw etims,atnbeda nandlofybalipromabout T0hereti Preiceinecsary to ethseesalhment,-h 4H witheclnt nand Spratfous, celr,a aptedcfo Lamwinegmrchnt and Ehavn acs t h Highstree;dtce i mkn rOTN Oom,Abillarrom, nd TsiTtn rom,ane tap,ve inthuctonsdeal toferfo AdE; atachedi theeto Inthe yarhae tabing forAbout 60 mort i0mhorses, loos boes,lcoach-houses ducWativitae waledoarent alndadoc in therdear,i the wholnte, wit Waery wtridWngeception, freeold, andfland-ta redeemd.Th paddock,amn f te Ioa; tey lnd the Uxridge-ofmAnti reinte mmdit vaiciit of thed town ier batifullytsiut, b viertionofin the Trivters ofhie,Wand a vartyfdegirWhfu scehoner,andamt especa,eytadaped ofoer bhuildng purpouseslTes meadowsy ame partly frehlduande pARtl copyholdotuaef i the Manoof ofhAns tisubjec howee to wmerely nom inade, Isands Ettherr state in tearlya pofSibl eoual in valet fraeehofcld.theaio arangeen cofnthein seealbouts will bce decibed in coapet future advrtisemen~t.2May bosideweliv and pear ticlr aok Messrs . Trhem aot ond Whiate, roin theprisho ISt, Gord%coanrbes abDucket bu ary; o Ewihar Woomlete Bet, sofinor.s exbrde:eat thesidence andLvr ofMitesss fortcnigon,& Hoggarst,and_Trist 62pl road-ystreet. knoyan Proelimnaf AdvemsrtisemetiThe aindeanabtIe estate, inea the Isl-d proving town ofgs uhford inth counivtyof rent,with thye Perpetua Advoson 3aI'and nexteresntton. to thew Retory oflingsn-orthe.s MEkq SSrle. iNORTmoliios 4,HOGexAret, SAnd; TttST hlavendo reeive iNstrutions ogato andTrfostAlE2, inthe ondthof MAy Next inltes, sheins the whlse shouldbe *sl dispoedof abl frehod popetyitute n, the prishes of ft gnots.Alod ShdSShRSt, Gaeo n rlsoe bu SDN I TwFO mlsfOm th tw f Alfrd,. in te cuntyAoHat, nbod seutfthe sae ditoant f)Rom theAN sTation onteSot mastber Railway. this valuabled prpety extGdsends ovnerfulwads ofd 1,100ace offiambleI, I meadow pasturee, adwolad,dvde ntsutbefrm,wtfa.hue an Samabuldigs reottagnes,tme, and thet poesn rentalond au brickerSh o pArtDf h StaE,Ndtibone andinteOODected b godtrnpt rods The aUrcanmNat o the lots,ana more deild dscriptin willE apeLDj FutrIe . aderisements. Abdoutth Homertime wilperovaldte operptuld advoewaon andnext presentoat-Ion tote e toyoKignrh withadveycmotbercoyhuei th vllg, bot 3acesofgeb ImeiTEFLydOinin, andth street,Royal ExchangN LYrJTsabv e received instru ctions to o BeEfrSLL, earyAUin1e sprng the BAtrBEL onSrTay. e,rayS amot 3%imotnt andaube frTO Eehol prpetywsituae closentr toUHenley ind Alenb ind the jbcntieso Warwick~ pr orucester abot1 minalos; fero Biuinghar, 12 from foarn airtion ofro anotetfhor se, and 10fro Wmarwck Thdicos ie sa theex tensoleut pwtids of300acreIs oad atabhe, meaow pastre anbwo land, odvie inoSutables fn arms, liwithofrm,1 buildings,cotaes R%s., motaild dscrip:atioewllappearnd future GdadertWieenter-o2, Old Eli'soad-cS.1 Odoastreet. Londo. Imp6ra ale f FIncthe Isand ofgis -Antignga Mart, fon riday May 2legant 12, intwolots, by directiwnbg oton of teTute Mfte Will ofwthe lateSi WCo.'s Thnme,seastoc o unessan - accpal Clearanco Sale of Brlrk!L-To BuldMers and others 115R EDrVN WHITE wDil SELL by AUCTION, iVwithu rsreatteBckels(Ieinthe occupation of Geo. rmai, eabhoan Fret,situte on t ch westside ofthe archway-road, High- gate,nThusdey7thFebrary, atb.I4foa2pUncually,f the rxemainin POfrTION of thYe excelletURelCxStonsistbing of 2e36 stck grizzles,andplrace,whcOhmuslt be earevd awn withi andmonth asth of sal whencataloguesmay be had onthe prmie, andat thtea au tioneer's. 170, Bishopgte-sreet withoult, Loag Leasehld etatea mtead-, Cam den-road Vils, a 1Wf. GARDWmR SEELL by AUCTION, at .LVI. cwasfo t dSE, eb. atACTIOe , (bot order o At ers , IUeb rtciES, oeine 6AemtXod and 9. Rcrmentr.ronWdal&CAMde-Bs. hewhle ed forlo longdy ztberms, nd prOdUSEHOLD £ U00' pe mnn fh a houes mabeds cuar be adiong pwr . folicitor 3, erpbedll-cour.,ct;a ace. - - -.- - Absolute Reversion to Two undivided Thirds of& Freehold Estate, near Sudbury. Suffolk. E SRS FAREBROTHEIR, CLARK, ana LYE Jb.. bgRto i-nform the public, that the above REVERSION was the auction, at Garraway's, on WVednesday last.-Lanca3ter- Kin Wrlum-srse, endn-rlde~--V1ualeInvestment. 1IMESRS FAEEROHER CLRK,and LYE AVE. ELL b AUCION a Ganaa~p.on Wednesday, tHoree apital,rsienestand usiness Fre,eholdHous, ing Wilam-street JpasageSTh houeRisBRtOTHerete CAnoRKamendal LYccE, and ret onstreased to tBEL biye Amit fOr, a tGf3yarawys frmVe Y.focadillseashlon5,atbte sownt f£8 Relernceumost thed setatto,ybars, aNd. ori the remainermblte term £17 per annumy, f aythg aGreeium ortmlandin heltensfromn theigtyfS year from 18rre, atU agond srenrofu£7ings coudr.peanu ayeveewihoeetoth MS SRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARKC ancl LYE, aEre Instructed bytoheL byopAUetIoNoBL, atGarrawsy's, on W Wenesday,February13t 123'lc, atI h IFAEEHL (wt ossion)LUof the capital FMsILY sREMEt HofNy-oadS, Westr.jjter upontan Pugch at 3 poserblannum. Ma ony beiwd,and particulbers ud ofWn Lex-endeFdq, Greadrigthyer-stereet,et.3wt Jameg-atnaeracomfortan at thone ofeces ofn essrs.d forebrther Cledark, anpatle, Lancaster-plae, maiccadmly.FThlabe Tonresidence,i ofhnsmet mdemial situate,biong cihommaning enteansie, and detightnum vewos ovrinthea Surre blscanda roms fisRS. htead od anEB tTEi CLAom aednd Lo Y oner atre, Instructed bofy ther Prop rietoaoSLL,t atnd rwa',o Wlednesda,rebrart 3,a 1 d hLAEstwith poresLiong of hcha calamnRsideral nsmof meonlwey aately bern udiiosl exede,Renern theBsameTEpeteR ChLeAnce, comort and covenamienendstucted for the poImmditer toccuptio of AUCgeNtle with pourtic entrance,and conteains numerousg prnciprealan aecteur reoms Wiihersdein hce andbgol,anti roomleadng t andaetesvaconsermuntheldy lase oratermof 8 yehs ro iden mer, 1854,r a0ttagroun rmentolay bed lewedoby Etic tetsol, wfoch withparticu-r las,Saybeha ofMsr.Farebrothe, CLArk , and Lye YacsEr place, istraned;aticlr alsoLot GorWge mt, oWesq. solicito, Sotamponbuldug,Ohacey-ane; and atOL GSArrwas Nt.- at aTaluation.mrz~p capiftaeld Farickuy rtegideoeg, letontlainnge,vt£1 ery aonvnueomwt MESSRS. FAREBROTHEr., CLARK, and LYE aeinstructed bySEL ath parorieto an SeLLesby, FebruOr, on1dnsa3 erar 3 at 12.a araa~, the fUwn LEASPOa TS-iecneniof drish-sqare, weitncoc-houses and Sost laanlng-yut, and prmiesatth daton; 3 inlet osianeforl 14.yeaor Camden- tothe rent ofrent250 per ,annum; each,ield under thelearuki of CPortlandtat for anueprelemofi 4yer,at aowground renta.an May bpouviewedycrs o o e hadin Gotnapplen-town, esrs Farapebfrother Clrk,tiand Lye 6orkLanca,ster-laes, . Steran, of wheperom as parti lyb iwdculars my eha;ofMs ds uroyf Clark vis~So, and Campbes. soli citors, 160,wxfor -street; ndtGarwae. gnot-betiagahtl.-recwosdandLeasehold Estes, oforss ocuamtionem Valabl lngl~,~ldgtanfolnestment. ztaal ME SSRS. FAREBRTE,CAK n Y ar ntutdt ELaGraa~,o enesday, Feb. 13. at 2,valectuable FREHlD n ESHL SAlF,cmrsn twerofreehodsbrckbutnialty flresidene. otanngevr4 cnenene7,t gorardensinhcer eial iut,Nr,ln ,S aep-qae N ttighil,ith occupatisone oferesetable yerienns.Tohx cel,t ri&bll E at Gasehall residednces,dlranty, Ftuart13 sadt12g In 18ond I1t, aHsan oPe-tHmOYL])ESATE Nettuaeng ro-hill,wthegrdni Wandstead onhadbuo the sihrad rmLeyannuaovae;t held ford-bongte -s cmesris.n Davnes, Son,kand campbgell rsolincitr,Wric-tet Reget-street;~ atdm1 gardwaens anda the oofpces ofn Mans.1 Fotare. brother. Clark, nd Lye,iLancastr-place,rStrand Camdentoi.-earehldPr~t,helundorth nee ntsrqinCamden JW{jSSRS.FAREBROTHER CLARIK, andl LYE aeusrctedbyther S ito ELL,aGaw o WedesAy,TON Ferary Weus,dat 1ebthe1foiowin3.EASEHOL ESTAES FiEAS conveen bric-builtDwEllng-oue and Suhops,-pleantly Portuatpae,an beiengl andsubstantL.lan erce,Murnay-streely Caumden-trownt,le atrndwts ofhe5 £80pe nu, and isech held under the MaruisOfFCmdnorEtlate fora long teems, t lowgronroutde' nd MaysacousiewdicafruidintGounhd,f ien. theroroft.erauk'-ra, Statfod-place6, LacadMurraye-Street, Cam whrm, t as pepprtcolrn rn.may oebed viewd,o ands paticulars hado anIMersDaiesm Sontr, and. Capbl,xoictosrWdac-street: ndatRe-kz Waluable stoeeg 0enihqumLeasehold Estates,for Investmet stat n'asield ndsh of to captreet Fortland lae.ie rduigL e MESSRS. FAREBROTBI: CLARK,and LYE are instructed by theoProprietorao stGorMLay' onCTWeda aawf,(Wenesday, Feb. 2y 3. at 12. in two lots,(ulsprvolydoseofbrvTWO cotact,)vlal LEASEHOLDS beinTATo. co nsisti'ngpoflhee Potland-plach-suae, ofu(omachandsome elevation, ihprioetacs, stcced lease for1', 4, o 21 ears,tobl~ rspecabletenats,atetheorents respectivey of £280.£265, andper annum,adaehlrnderethe iue mfprortladfolugtrsfeast ground rents . Theupropert maylb viewued,b cars,un oto ea of Messs.o w.ndye, 6f Lancayster-plac, Straxpnd,rewomas . lrc try of Perruondsey, larticlarsen man nadusof in esses.-strgoet. toClarusndMies alntort 16a,0n rd oftreet arnda ratk Grenalwoupards. ranstead,on ther n high roadersom Letontetoodor-re. twESSrTt os. i FArEBsreOtHRnd CLa,an wtho, bln and smlgadn in the occupation, of the VestryEce rear.ewlliole pitroducigabout£A perannumld Thestacnitiong onfh Ma b toeed and partcular hda thebFirg TresInn narthpo pety;SfMr. W. RI Crokt,nartepe-ofc,WAIorA o LYEsss aamre inhner,ad bull,e solicitors,o 2 he.laedo-rw Captai Emorayto andL at theroffice of Messrs. darere, Clarch, and Lyea ., LAncater plAce, SRanID. NEX2D selpae,ItryeuMwt ducessinstreet, Potand-pwo drawing Leaseh olduEstates b fordingnd dom entaoall god iin jmlbrrK ahrom and LYter Gloretwkit on,sc-er, rdr 13, at= o1m, the bACIO Poat, and sbstantallyrs etrec-ted stablentcoiyhoused firont, andwt thet oexraior. ofe bedr,oihoms,leatonlas troa most reuspecTabe tboenat at hednesfrnuepetermoff3yearstat a ground rent. Myeiwd ycrs oehdo Messrs. Ti-ebrterdCak and Lye,lu 6,d Lanaserplce, Strreand o, sofii whmaso, paricularswmayfbeld had;uwa' and of Messr. urye Clare, and Minesk, anlIcio,e6, Oxod-tee:an t Grrwa's Wimo.le- Rsietl,Cace,ndtzrh-square.-LouEebold EstaitufrInestment, cosstn eonwocptal Faemily Residenes G pRodcnK £0e M SSRS. FARERTHR CLR, and LYE are instructed byth PopitorsP. toe SaeL byptainKnxtIoN aET, oa the g'tj on 0ednesdayFbrar Fi3ros atr1, i ton lThus. TWO.mcl piva 3~teheSIECE,ben the. 18 aendce; compole-g havingd cach-houesranodtbg ienthe crea, and athre talet, ondasesnfor 21 eafnirst ofaghi carespectal teats- th yearly renetsof£20 setac aheldunertheDuo Porleshdtfor the uepred temorof,%dyebare, grondretes. offbeieured acardstabeobarpetadofmes.Fare-t ticularsmay be adouanpoft Messreas. Brgoine Clarhogand oMdns Ien Chncery-A Potio v. the Fre.-Pehold and Leasehold Estates ofth 1lrSSS F B oTHr a CLARIK, and LYE are instructed topSeLLe byr AUCTIONatGrw', on Wed-ii thesdy Malorch1 a 2,b dRM Irectio of7 the F xetoldFrs, theofollowing vtralubl FarEEODadLASHLmNA, compriigaat10Aenfln,i h angbe o leasehold impovd galrounad ren ts,aoutn toelgethwerat 12lOs e b1cannum,hwel secure, biclssuingdu maofwhoss, fothprming he eas=an west siesr tof thyos-btride-gte,o thexpnie Ltoeweppt, Halsttrnthe ves- Cehouse, indRussllstrheet btwohues,n Cross-street Corhestnd fViuecta- gres,odDalrbyFarmv, wiermondey,ith whole pRoertync andjoins, adTe Af te anural rackrentaiLn of upacrds of rich0 AMfeeholad ground two prvatewousesgnCros-stret, an anpiee2o g croun ~otMeadt MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, (LARK,~ and LyE -ALLae matmectedby the Trusteestogsubmit forSAILE,at Johnston's Hotel, Chester. in March, in three lots,tefllwn aual BS HOLD ETATESviz.-a caLpital dairy farm, with fairm-house, gas. den, orchard, yard, and agricultural buildings, ituate in the perish of HOlt, in the count of Chester, six mIes from the capital market town of Wrexham, three from Holt and Bangor ad 10 from Chester ; with 148 acres of caIs eadow and p"asture land. bounded by, the river Dee,: 'awhich there in excellent fishng, and now in the Occuaino r.Proae under a lease granted for three lives of whtichOnl One MrePains,onowe aged 65 years, at the low rent or Only £2177 per annum, but of the annualvalue of =232 also in the same letting, but in aseaae Itwo enclosures of gram land, adjolmang the road to Holt .aatd lonte ing bOu - fre%in the parish of Shocklah, and a freehold corn-mm, wihcLia alof water, dwelling-house, out-hulkdings, and cottage, and abonut 0cres of meadowand arablc land,situateinuthepaiho Wrexhamu, aboutiWOnilles from the capital market townof Wrexham,sb let to Thomas Edwards, as yearly'tenant, at £60 per annum; T~o be viewed, and partIcularshadof the tenants at the place Of s'ale' at tha Wynnstay Arms;, Wrexhamn; of Messr. Evan1s and Clode. sofictors, Gray'-Inn-square;at Garrway's; and at the oficesof eMer. Farew. brother, Clark, and Lye, Lanase-place, Strand. Very valuable AnrpultY of £4,O er aunnu, and Polices of Assuance for FARBRO1'R CLAI!,K and LYE M .lre,stcuced to8ELLbYAUCT-I0N,tGarraway?s,Febry b reofte origTgees under their wer of sae in lots the following ANNUI ir,vie:;-LotL A, £ )Per anntnm during the life of a nobleman aged 43. expectant on the deaLth of hisa father. now age 73 scoured upon esatfies Of ample Value inhj,,Adm. LAt2. £1077,,& rtnjfo the same lives and secmred upon the same estates. ~roul~a fO sat e " lives anda secured upon the same estates.50 fflme amounting together to rembrokosbirn, South Wales.-Important Freehold and Lffehold EeAUtes, nuca to Fishguard and Rs.v Tfrdwest, comp?rising tho Mansion House of Llanistinani, with its Park, Gariens, I?lensure Grounds, and Farms, numerous Farms in the parishes of Ilanfairnanstygoff, Caslebthe LitleNewaste, lany-Cfn,andMatrycomprising the r~~~-ishe of Llanatinn aTdtMethof wri apearso oo asthesurey owbeig mde nscompleted,-Ianu. Wapping.wall.-Exes and highly valuable Freehold Estates, Docks,' and Wh.f~with extensive frontage to the river Thamest, D.M hueso,prden arnas lof nealy £LO0O0perannus.. ~FARBROHERCLARK, and LYE A.TJL=e insracted byth late John. Boulcott, Req., to BELL by AUTPIN at GarrawaY's. in March, In various lots, (unless an acemptable offe.r in previously made by ptivate ODntract,l the fOllowing valuable FEHLD ESTATS. coDnsistig of NOS, 7&. 19,0 an 81, WaPPingwall, being extensive Warehotuses, Wharf and W. redFrm ae,t on leaseg to Messs CoDoper andL Aye,3a1LE per annum; the New Crane Coal-wharf, with quay and frontage to tho river, let toN,esalL Sereant and Sons coalmerchants, at£IOO per annum; valuable Waterside Premnises, calle-d the New Crane Dock and Wharf, let on lease to Messrm Tebobutt, StonemLan and Leterhannum Suoey.-The ad beappng-watlt,et kown lase Rtnda. Henry with the Mansion, finel -timbered Park, through which flows the fOOaces ofhighy uctveLonlnaditloto w ichparedextensiv Kight.o Leate reeboldEtaemnon palhe i H.o toISSB iformteBR THER, CLARK, and LYE lYE rspctull ifom hepubliethat the above vSAlubeESTwATe wil beofpdo-AEi tesrn,uls rviouslydiospdofey of by Crvt ontract.-Laneatrpae KxfordshVe.-yvlmhld anorhou stae, winthOfies Plarshres ofrHortsn Gardn, nd addok,wndhar,Km-ulig;alsg o nd Sealm, cimhriaxn noue arlnd auidies. late th5 acrest of productie, Meado,Psue RAiSSPRS. FABEEkIT R,'CLARIK, and LYE rtegtinstr tethoferpublic that theRaoe ESAo ES willurbe offredfrSAh. nhepig unless pnaotbeofrev ioul dmsadedobypsvt Contact monestdei-p lae, Strand, sTA1W tt plearsbing i.tfFrithold anobous me, with thies,mo Slesur tround, Gandtrden, ande 'addocktheandu F tarm-bIldings;A aloye aee Frm, wit faromhousy,nie andobuildngsr, and 12ace ofprod uctiveMeadow,coPasturgeo an od manrbe honds, inthepel chof nditwelil. plsr LY ae insructe toOffe fostre SanE, atlheRe Lion, anur, i gardntc,3 and~do most desrbeFREOrSTT,stateim th with excellent stuns-built rarm-hsouse and well-arranged farming buildmo.gs, Htatenoer-qarte huch an eremlenclosuIeportri Preceaodote pastue,ndv Sazle of nd,n they OcuakTimbnr oflMr Ascot ad cBeprlson about 125 acrs, oAsholsevera lbUnder'soottages, sand iheng ofnal woginthen riversCferwelw,aybe Swe ndprtclashant h Xin r nstruofb the prnipladaentutowns of th l.ateClonelF. soicithor, broher Clark,an Lye. ALancathe fr-place.i Stand.aou 0 cp No.21 Haoversqarge aimnsiBonkst eeel-nortayte FrteeholEsatef Govenmen conrafors foccupatio orinvestmsent.unrdel.ab an eSSRS. v FtAterEto,ROTHEnbrk, ClsoaRKu,3 ande LYEas pol.. espectfullya inform terwpubli cthatathegnegotiatosley purchasesalwi of thedi aboveo PaPd Thvn be e potmte-Fe.LaTnrtsemenr.p cscer ETenieSo flreNv a Timber,MElm,aAsh and Bee mmnhm ar e,als abuton 12aeds, bfeAhwPoes, Dundtberwos a de Mthnd oner ther Potwithi lhmlet f aiwytttin ME SSRS. andREBROTER, LAN w d SLL ye areTinstruMechatedb heB tmo thelwalath ooel Sbthorpe fu ea uor. SAe, h Ba ee n ac, about 500" capita ofrear largey dtaimensios elwrhteatnino an eech, Ith thei top, Clopkanear, Lston bonTutrsdacre oFebrash pole of, 20~ byer grecowth, undr.Johds,er, CastalogueIs areDrtrto bog andathe ada ofsae wlln berouged infto urltaivationem0enKTIMBansERplace, Feb. 116.hneplr,an TyoTimbrk MTerhantsomeanid teligibet Resid ingeofYh. -Farm,tnea rala Ettos,deesd ZHd-aksrt 1LFESSS. PAE andCAMER nd wilSELb I eAC rIO, at th Cock grann, Lunt onf hrdy e.I,a laredimsetalMasions,adth ,hl of goosed-quality; comrisingdp5aoak, SahnLOpODlrwt this lop,topantd hark Standin on the abov farm an wsiuatesfo rempovae. Caaogues miaybe hotadtof Mesrh ae andCmer,(and a geont et fthpcos andvsreor, e,l road ToxTimbert MIerchants, RaiwayorConstractrs,and anheege-eriaae adbury,tneareLuton, eds, bentwemeno runstbk and Hortune, adwhere there area nalw ay n Statinds. aw,wt' eon i,oitn VlablCoetyON atr th steClcInn,Lt, k on sThue,rosda,ebor-uary cleredan helndbouhI it culivaio 900 OAK Eeutorsot TRES.2onasetee andew sConds, anossd,abotiO herry pople ar, sod _trscod ofual primEgOwth andSqAlTE,cowpiththei sopalop, and ftrathoaleytoBuryestate, cls Noe tMpwer BroatokLstoet, aloseo abon loo0icapintal Goashandothuer poles fele andic lyngrince lets prtemisaes wood, stabethe winthe adjoantinstrethl of tops,Matalouesmab had oftm Mtesrs. 2age and Camearontilnd agent aiz,indlrey ors LSdyBolBroad-fo stret ando eStreAtba~, Fbur Nye-arth,U-e--hd andsomemandeigleReasidenc]elofnJohnoulsfortn 3pr.ELGOO sisrutdt EL,a h Mathe Mart,ton- (uls rvosysl b vt otatlteu andntLree-talisabe Heddietofte0ihprfeonn ' ett ThIDey cap1it'Dal Maso,5 asfedsre,Potadpae Mat;an aLt the isrcedt EL,a h atSmarthfilond- (undlessdisposled of byPrivsates,contract), invariablyth rendemnthlyofsgentlemlenfofrainkendfotuene, anodulastl theeris oloonl ad-gadsarao ihseodr it,o tn anetiart,onu 0 Thbdy2O libray,2 ft. by 20. ien two~ room, 2EVE ft.USElS, din Broom, ea-alle, Easuteo mthree ldopposraiteth romsainde taoffcs wi tho aodo stable departm cn atr.ent of thabatde optonh oingstal and bo for sx ho~ wo cariages and rom 1ve,Hl bya Vetaluable PropetyhfrhInest-megnt, roksreet,l GRosvenor-indsquare ~ roducinga net renalcfr23 ers nu,fr.8yas TWELS.GROD]s NstrucOld Bynd-the Eecto aereo Colone ianstrucwtions decasd,toEI at thGartwynWensa, o -e.2,atvlu_able the eatimedismposDdoa), espiaciousand faHiOnabl townresdnce, know as, LoerhBrook-stee, lost eatofand lookingo intoeraosvenor-suare,swuth portiof enTrne, bihnac m- n bando Ltabl nther adjoining sthree held sortl the Marquwastatof an ster frorm2Szs,m at agroundrn Dor£120, cmrsn andt eoladBoogan fard thewhletem,at nt en o £50pe anu, rd ndtedpartec in arvein repa-to, and wotgigbenteadywbe thldyoftsal dsim roune,tw draw' momo meinget Febmuandry y Lu bb habs reardenMilhe-exoed n andCo weil Roadsptree Dwmtuellin-houeso ebasebyvalstioi.orit cunbation. ioothpem-m lYIMant,onvieweday Fbyruair yib Part1,inathrelos, may O well.a buil seen-rome Sa witD-OUt washhoue-s,reas,vauts Ganda gardes, Na Sd and 9,e Ncicholas-street St. Peod-ter'srodt led anuals vealur2 eacwrdsheaterm 75yearslrond rbuntVi s ach Aednde afveRooeSHue,wt goodN g2ren, in. Totreton-sileet SEnr Ste -byChurch,on atheGMrerswa'sCompny Westwate;letraatry12teant lot iner ludedi Motheepurchase,tarticlar of Mawesssdr and parish of 80el, Cheap elihude-sat Mrcls Hal Cieasdethe Ma rigt; andwa teutionee' 20miueesa Mile-endrad,r'-ealSs Eatio SDmmithied and Sxtdens-vaiuabdlet Leas vewoldEftthes,c South rofmweekly andas montl thoues desirable forsidnvestment,h producing £312 pr annu,Flandtauredeemd,Efet GETR OOR GOillDAH SELL by AUCTIN a h TIOMar, on thu reis,oTusday. Februry1 t12, intwo lotcs, EVENi trane toth 'lodo Doks prrote ucingracter pLARmn of all duesings arftrNtlo £8 with gaden pntereannu, siuterm 7years;ptand6Hss forin _Itra-lc,Bleaefls hawl,prdcn aeproi retlbo 19I. bd,tr i er.Altehusesae eldrie Spars, naq,scia= ttor38 Ga Dechrhtreeofthe athCouMrt anf a the auctonee's ofice,aMle-nd-road,ntNs adohr. wt"th apetoham,onea ofthe ITad e-Fewhos Freotldt Rhesidncaue isand sleve bylr IM M the1 autonderapsitreet)y the sai- Feb.27,at1 G if not inh ieatiedi; sdf,oar~ HOd tEIDNh ,kow=n echmLog, nstdlilful F33Brown's-lane, Spitalfield, tinthe countyof Middlesex late the propertyof MlchaelNasbdeceased,Particlulashereofmaybehadfgratis) of Messrs. Thomson and Son, solicitors 9, George-stret, Mrinoneg; of Messs Roy and Cartwnight, solicitors, Lothbury - of Mr. F-arra solicitor, 12, (ololirsan-street, Doctors'-cornmons; of'Mr. Bear-d, 2, Woerth. crescent, Bedford-squar; at Garrawa3's- and of M1r. 'Willam Ellis8, auctioneer, 110, Minories. ±1f. LEMVAN, Chef 4Clerk. THOMSOINand SON. Plaintiff's Solletomi Lincolnshire.-Capital landed Investment, between Lincoln, Gala-. DAborough, Louth, and Great Grirseby, DAR. VID) BRIGGS will offer for SALE by LYpublic AUCTION, at the GordonArm Hotel, in3YArketE;asen_, on Tuesday, Feb. 5, at4 in theaftemnoon, (unless preulously sold - vTatsecontract.of wbichduenoticowillbegiven,l alithat comp acHOLDESTATEsittiatointheax,L-esofToftandNewton,inafertile of theocounty of lIncoln, adjoining upornthe village of Toft and WewtS n and about four miles from the town of Market Rasen. through which's rallWnypaases firom Lincoln to Great Griamsby, and 18 Miles from the city of Lincoln. The estate consists of614 acres ofecxoBelltarable, meadow, and pasture land, and iswellroaded, and adJoins on itawestern boundary on the navigable river Anchobme. h whole of the land, with the exception of 13 acres of acconnnods±iou lsnd, with-cottages and blacksmuith's shop thereon, is divided into two farms, called the West Farmand the Fast Farm, aud is in the occuna tion of Messrs George and Samuel Gothorpo and Mr. Joseph Ranby, who are old and hi ghalyrhe=tble tenants. The farm-buildings are chiefiyof brickasnd tldandweliadaptedforlarpfarmi goperations, The landis le.t at oderate rents, andis well'd rained ;and,considering the presentstate of the ladm,,ket, an opportunityis offered toapnitalista for an investment rarely to be met with. The estate willboe offered In one or twro los,as may.be agred upon at the time of salIe. Printd pariculrswit pln nee,m be had at the Great: j.[ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SO-qrespeefnly *AUCTIOldof = li aht(wt few exceptions) their SA.LES by t ED PROERTY wil now be SUSPENDED until the spring, but they are prepared in theraeantlinofor tbe private disposal of seviral Tery mimortant. estates in the counties of Oxford. 4Oer.Wilts, Berks. Hants, Devon. Sussex, Essex Norfolk. Rent. War!wick, Northamipton, Huntingdon, York, Hererord and Mioo. mouth, offering first-rate inyofftments and some distinguishaed realdential Pge9wcties, but particulars will be, veonly to incuasc thirslctors or authorized agenta.- ater1oo-plaee, Jan.13, 185. Wikll,Berkg, between Windsor Sunning-hill and Ascot. on the vpof the breat Pack MESSP.S. DANIEL SMITH andl SON will SELL LVby AIUCTION. at the White HatInn, Windsor, on Tuesday r = Z~at ocloX n Otg iverFREEHOLD CLOSES Zan r of MPAOW and RABLE LAD. witha small Farm. house and Buildings and several Cottages and Gardens, situate adjoining the estates of the Crown, G1. H. Crutebley Faq Captain Sctt and others, near rern-hal partly offering eligible sites for building, nly four miles from winds-or, througfh its beautiful park. Partclar may be obtained of Mtesrs Chid and Son, solicitors to the vendors,62, Canon-street; of Ale.&ode Mek, Esq.. solicitor, Derimses of John Seeker, ESQ. selicitor Windsor, of Messrs. Lcwis,Wood, ana Street ~ ~ ~ ~ ~g, wiio iV;;Mbdig,Gray's-mn ; at the Auction Mlart and of neAss Daniel Smith and Son, land agtent,inWaterloD. Place, Pall-mallU and of their aget at Windsor. Great Plarle. 1IMSSPRS. DANIEL SMISTH and SON. will SELL Febrary 0, t 2(unEss praony ipsd SOfNrvt Contract, S ACRESof vry vauabl FREhOLDisvual LA FfeRMings tboe sts forbuidin. hsinadoblefrnae,ryandcls to th batfl enPatiulrsndplnsmabeha i de i me % iooWpace,io-pae Pall.& WathrnawManorFarm I ESSRS. DA-NIE SMITH andl SO isbi il aprseth pub licOM Thatthis valabe FAIif s3til Iopent trety, but th iatte mranor.) ther feprryanddetache oand T er GGRAGE near Wetherby, compriiganble mansion, suitable in everyreec for a farnly of ran=kan flortne ede bac doman o abut 00ace,part afinely-woode park intersectedby a beautiful winding river. Hafthe purchase-money may remain on the sermity of the estate, An offer would be received for the manson snd parkand any portion of the farms. Particulars and a plan may be inspected at their offices in Waterloo-place, Pall-mall. 1IjrSSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON beg to ilLaprie te ppinststht svealofthe FAMS to Sussex, lat Th popetyof he ar ofLierpol,deeasd,were SOLD at the EastlDean ANd soy AUTIN teearyvluyble mAprilhi lands. al v' ter ubleau gtare atnp resen penetobteay anldbus particula, with ocplans,oma be bad inmor,at eraorla eenall;malt; als ofL Meses Frerte1 Gocfrd, aWrid Creatmeoley- ndtf est. 'Wesmnntett,pieald and cheesonl Lsolicitorsdi Mnion thetVicinity c.Leornitenalargeanwiethhiro ME,ISSRS. DANIEL SMITH and SON will SEbmi fit forvALEb UCTION,ate r, early intbApri,in3t, a epryevaousble sta ind rerpectabe Public-house afttahed,i thet ocuaton o r Tre,ayerltenant; alsorg adtee weld of, labout-all ares. stored wiertheoa timer, ind hand,x and oWetnnasr at avengionwegoud ( ramou fox covet-also severaldetachedr Clomses oft Meadow andarablen. Land, parelgble for buoesionldig in thes parsh ofabongcoch-hngt, be twi een clearlmigton andhairy. an-dug by.sParticulmars bet plads, maybeo hadthenutthe day ofu saletis fixed atnth Caront Hotel,ma behadnneof of mMr.iReanods buideGram, 19e, So1ethasrn;o esers Weusti-ser;audSof Msoiios, DaulitrqreanofMsr.Diel Smith and Son, land aet,Wtro-lo.Pl-al agnts Watebrloo-plcmle, teond n. iggt rt eyvlal GareatnGeorge-sret Apenatmner.-Ctpitalandmheerful Laseholdth Mansionwith Sabl1ng sever,ali atoa ageLw, ih.ea 1IMESSIRS. DANIEL SMIiE and SON wall SELLis sLT. oyACed N at the MatP eryroh pri ng,r (u nlessprevously dsoe fb dipoeofbPrivate Tray oofreaty) ensF of th beTI , andtos dspirabl HOUSeShzo inGra leotge-treet hesmldbyd vles,uuablly renewAble,o underThe LOeanand CatherfaWestrinter aitraiver betweeond reeont Dtacontains numrous spacious airyorooms, widNothbackmpatment, suit.is ablea fornprofessinal mofest alsoortablne coach-hous, one a t inexpeculisarly, sint%ectbein r lkartedsby anextnsiv eelan, renderng tly ardi wInthout themfurniure.o PatcLarso and cardsh tof Keniewgmaynb hadzo Messls. uaiteiaedbandIGaha,19ollerige-sreet,oiWestmnstr andiof lUSSRS. DANIEL SMlITH and SON aire (anless prvae. tracmtyabteoffer forhall~ by made fori theenity sprming.o AUtogeter ao ine lotin, h dwhes iralndltso vabouafourAT ofe ecL tUiTng LODutifu sineo the faereciteo dirstict bertweens Webont oafry Crich Maruet arbOLoD and. PA oTRthLAmpton formpintoge ax handsomeatndinmostre cofotbnablew manion,te onl of inexpensive sande,ainperfc rvder,nlarg seTera chuvingbeen recuaenl ependedtl ixtnriepaandcimprovlaements. Itwouludbedapeuli par-lfikespdotfor, ornarentrdalr, o thebered,ewit gofodgreens,haiteald staliogstensire. lode,and lv aitreuate appurtental nceo Ma gntrlEma'stablishmenpt,l Fagforwinetetoethea~prlfrm fabovet210acres, a alubletmill,-&d. Patiulr mayhe knopwieon, about o to Meid essrs Lon ron.t ooderford IlianChtmeTreay. solicitsors noldoubm-inttorAUTIOesm. Dnielsmrith, an Sonrs oaluces, ind Watero-lce,u llml, h a uly deuthorizedD ETA Itnate eteinrncSubcurbs o LondonndmariablheoflKensinton,singu airly alabprfcle rureehldisLands, cofferinWg vea chdoie and beautiful MESSRS. DANIEL SMITH an~~~~~~~~. d SO wil uness fan accepvtable o offerall e maydesf the entirty subMit re- AUuable atd the Mart pint rchnexti lots of about four acres inapreach. .fsentrichlbeatifulsites flor[thgetererto ofi ansionsaravllas, deabout a isozda end afirtraeHOda andPASTinE LarD, ofaorming2 one ine nduatinineosr, wthinsle mintes eeal oftheiMrrownd apwatr oad, narevealclirehs,butsiuatelperectl extabensieandeheefld Imcenery.Ist Recory.diea peuliarly fne potfsoat cemeeyonbrean pubring buldn or desiTablishmsient.,Particuars,uit plans,maybea handstoteiauconmefrat oofMp tvelsymd.ef.andt.Loe soictrs,Tmpe DandfMess DanIelSmt and SON, adges in Waterlouplace dipall-ali wofb piarefulaoiedo treaty fe forM the AChaTi ag ex71 thent hold b,tereu rtatandes l HErSEfOrei, onthe borders of WIceteair adGlc anrsdr, BODAD i h eautifully taevmdnial and- Maofa Estnate and om,apita Falytreemafr es from th togehrabun3 acreaays,arichl ofetimbered., 1It opiesteRS. DAoIE SM ITH oom ndios fameiymndon.cxe .oundedbytheLsProprieor.U abutt aresde ne,arrLndon,toofer fornags Private Traeaity.adi nottasoRsodetoesubmit thUchurN.ch;espreur, 6 averyo valabeedand prticu leDlarlyd; aso bheFrentOL chres in ieo stuae tinae rich, picturesuean rm earal halthyoopart.of mutereod shire,a pefeclyrural ditrie t,crprisdiangerathadoe Denand spaciouse faoriteymaon, withr good ofices of ever desltyriston, wintcoplet rhepair,and excerlletarden sea-atinundegDbd park-iketpaddorcs,ands to valabew andpt higlypiturex u Farm sofaboutnlbu6acr ma prfec tringfece Broichlysotimbered Dalstmogether Llseoaratee= t danetached andeSo, with siablenhose and Wate rmitpralbPu-MILdg letonadon hyr Inecltbe tcnant. Thf estatelposseseslay locuatluadvantae, with rinh a kneighbo rhoodofat d h algueLtresemtab potynwthin fewiles of w o good arketowen DANdEwiSMIne TaH o an OretrNd wiR (unlm Devonshire,an MoentgaosterdesirableerResidence, witeho I aranu Farm,y andtaheraudlmeioum$ee fracmpbetievhelybmodea we advan TJ]SSRS. DANIEL SMITH andl SON will ~offr AUTO epbiRArly ryinthe spring, theoiderstinthandxveryodesirable WoODe N inthe beatiflovcintyhfies band f h ieTorquay.an oitnly threedils frmhhetonan bllaysatindofhewn AM bot. It comparIstheRcoyHue! comodousl s faied,mans ion,sur Ienterim ea e lunslwledgr ens, etn, otherdappndDages als gn raent ali CotgeRsiece nea sh churh abou ie d acresboflexceedingyech gLebolad Salso th e, rloentcare iond-steeo at £480 and "t200 respetively.e previoudr th mdea and Chiapetrerty Of Windo byxTeu customar rheMotNowble tleaeo 21yarqus. otf gel favoturten Chremrkbl picturmesue Andvohsolthy dStrickrt,withal the advantage of railroad, sen-bathing, and gleood seoiety.ofort cArdsy FanciS,. sholicito,inewtonkpBushel:h andnrcrdalndfurherpabove =ia andthe vicinty of Yore-Deltaightfuevrllyostuaer Mhrhsansindwt rChaes 1)ESSRS. DANIEL SMITH,and SON will sunleit uslyprdiosly ispse of byat trivta~theCou) AD offer ofoXr AE4b AUoCkpOt,tind May nexta, ia -mostcomple,asthe sandmerablmodern MASIN,repltero with every nowmmidatis for yar.oo family,h capital& hut.ingco stables,o beautifu plasr groMzywunds, hanoutmeconser vatory m good gardens,ash whol rinho perfseta orde feeold,R Sand freero,ite and Mrle,and-tax Partiaulars omaly,b hain the ae appChadtick'as of rniao thei kih fnowiain atorie agens dintic Watrcerloo-plac, Pall-mall, where a planare metydeseeth Fhosir n ort,gFomerandeTver vabluablte Fet-hreehold nearm 1IrSSRS. DANIEEL SMIUTH and SON willsoubert publghic IE CMEarlInTIOsNl, byorde sorithe Executorsfthet distnguihed EA -TE;vr ) thempeisng Chourch acdtesHilfirmoel Futhrpariuasilb publis~hedwhen the dsatiaixe,adith tTithe Rent-charges of the parish of Fingringhoe nsarCol~5~offrin=moteligiblproperties for the investmentof captal anpaeicuarlforrrstecs; they are exoneuteelof land-lax, Forharpaticlas, it plns ,,lbpubliahed when the time o(sae isfied;andmaythene hdattheAuction Mart i at the chief inns in te nighburhod;of J. Dangerfleld, Esq., solicitor, Cae-tet Strnd-andof desrsDanIel Smith and Son, lend agents, Waterloo- Ver valuiable FreeholdrLaned&tneSe,offering&p a s a Inetn. ESE;DANIEL SMITH and SON are coanmis- si Bdt ELT4 together or In two or three lots, akn important compact FREEHOLD and TiTH-FREE ESTATE, of about 1,100 acres. In a ring fence, with well-st~okd manor and suero farmu homesteads (as recently adverised for Wae by auction) :all let to hiigly respctale nd espnsibe yarl teant, Iis within three miles of thne lrgetrke_ ttow Lfut.keL ifs Tadsevten milkes from Hun itiogo an rcs oa aieaystaton a-nd anavgablem ourivr-feig e eligibe N A irprisoiv s . inst m rfoocpainta piedir- Bn3,3anerstee'te,Odsvt, St , ue T TLb-plate WorkTerst, Cpe-ih at 12 for 1, without, reserve. all the STOCK, plant,fxtrs mlmearts, andl utensils, comprisig siseal heand presses icla utn machine, iittigs of beazier's shop, est-iron tinning pit, O.G.bedn machbine, rollers, folding maciiines. planiahint anvils, ho~ pinniug Jenneys,0 Suga and oxke dee pots,, one ton leadpiee 2 WL 0bkirons, 2 SpLrsbDench shiear, au in d "Mlsu'ghOlwrgadrstighmes itnso Periodica Sale lesl.rblilheA in 18431. appointed to tatke Plow re 1I Thursdlayin everyinasntbi, of Absolute and Contingent4euesont Funded and other Property. Iffe Interests, A-ruitles, Pdllies of Awsurance AdvowsonK, Next Presentations, )[sanorb JgtaR ent Charges in Lieu of Tithes Fos tObitn BodvTouties Debettruv% Improved Rents, Shares in Do-ks. Canals, Milnes, RalriMlwzayss. ance Companies, and other public undertatings for the. !0'euea I[&p,MAS H beg5 to announce that hliS PEWN0 DC L ESLS (e"tblished in 1 frthe d.ispuottrass deac4iptou of the above-mentioned PROP TY. take plm nooa January 3 1 a epmbr Marsh 6 I J~~.ulyl j oeme 31r. hhageeniduoe tobold theausaesfomte na demand foe the transfer of propert of this desmptionean which as a means of investment tdily becomin bttr AndfraM his experience of the hes rwbcsad great clt c which it baa been exposed in the cours of Waei andi)~xs gence of the lastllrears has proved the above plan to beuc d vantageouato vendors and purchasers, the claseficatienofnnie lots renderingthemeansof publikity maore effectual andlesxpiit tothe vendor, and simplifying the transfer to thepinrchsr oi oDf slegintended to be eff-cibytheabovoe massol b owre to Xr. Marsh at least a fortnight anteoedent to the aoedts t order that they may bave the full bonefit of pbiiy h srI culars and condtiUons of sale for the esigra a eo*iel aerendays to ead day of sal, atte ar,adtM.Xah' Ofcs;= Otto-row,Maao-oa;owilbfwad&seE Periodical Sale (established in 1843) of Reversions, Policies Annult-im Shares, Bends, &c.-For Thursday nexLt. Feb. 7. Nine Bonds or~ each of the Thames and Idis Canal Narigatlo COmpany. Po lIj !. ARSH has received instructions from. the LY.Eecutors of the late Mr. Edward Jones tDinclude in biinextz Monthly Perioaical Sgae of Reversions, Polucies Are., appointed to take tthe Mart,on Thursday niext, Feb. 7. at 19. in three lo e 'Jlff W.M11ESan IISCANAL NAVIGATION BONDS of £1 bea ring interest at 5 pcr cent Particuars may be obtained att the MaTrt ; and at Mfr. MSarsh'g offices, 2. CharlotteM-ro. Mansion-boase, Periodical Sale (established in 184) of Revetssons, Policies, Amnuitick Shares, Bornds, kc.-For Thursday next, Feb.?7, Fiftyt£20 Shae l the EqUitable FIre Insurance Company, Cannon-etreetwt - jp.MARSH has receivedL instructions froni thei Eixecutorsof the late Mrx. John Pedrotti to include in his next Monthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policies Ac., appointed to take placeoat the Mart. on Tkursday next, Feb.?7, atI12 o'dlock~i e oa FUITY SEARES of £20 each in the EqIal ie nuac ot1. £4pe share called and paid and nwihneeta huaeo per cent. has been reclrly pi.Priuasmyb banda the Mart; of W.W. Kearsey.s.soiio.trd,Gnetrb and at Mr. Marshys offices 2,Chrot-w,Mno-bne Periodical Sale (established in is43) of Revesiacs, Policies, Asinnitiel, Shares, Bonds, kc,-For Thursday next, Febi.?, the valuable Abso-. lute Reversion- to the soum of £710 Now Three pe Cet. Anuutidera receivable on the decease of s.lady nowin berdfth year. B. 3IARSH has received instructions to includle bt big nlext Monthly Periodical Sale or Reversions, Policies, Arc., appinted to takesplace aLttho M1art, on Thurda next, Feb.?7 at te TaluW'e AB3SOLUTE RIEVE3RSION to th SU1 fLlIE THE er CENT. ANNUITIE.S, standing in the runaes of,bighiy' repetble Treasters, and receivable on the desejas of a lady now inbher 58t rear. Particularms mybe obtained atthe Mart- of 3emcrsaco and Colt, solicitors, 24, i y-tet Strand; man at mr. March's offices 2, Chariotte-row, mansion -hue Peridicl Sae (atalished inlMl0) of Reversieons Poliis Annuitiesf. Share, Bons, &e-For Thursday next, Feb. 7. the mptantan valuable Absolu e ression to the Sums of £1,581 12g,osoe and £4,83 s. d. eduedThree Per Cents., receivable asoueyo thedecas ofa ldyand gazentlean, repctiUvely inth ad 1IiIkMA SHThasreceivea instmuetions to include in ,LYLhis extMontlyreriodicl Sale of Reversions, Policies,_Ac. to tak Nthe Thursday Lt. Feb. 7.al- n letg, of £5,812s ConsDLs, and £4,183 65. 8d, Reduced Three per (,uts., standing in the names of three highly respectable trustees, and re. ceirable by the vendor unuder a maarriage settlement, as the only chid, ontho death of Parents respectivelyinthe57th and 50th years of their ag.- P4rticUlara may be obtained at the Mart; of Messrs F~reemoan and Rethamlny, solicitors, 39. Coleman-stret; and at Mr. Marsh, offices 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Velnble Letters Patent for Improvements in the Manufacture of MEiisZdOPted bythemost eminent abipowmess suit samakem in the- AIR M1ARSH has reeeived instrcetionsto SELL by .A2EE AVUCTION, at the Mar`to hsa etFc.7 t1 cousequence of a dissolution o? Thursdaynex. Faeb. T atu 12. S TERS PATENT for Baglaand.Tale, Rerwick-upon-Twead, and Scotland,edated Fnebruay t, 1844 t ante tof Loa . Toerail, for m provementsinfth Mauature onyof Sais,1whch hae be dpe wit grAtRucSs by asom oftemeietl einstrut silones anD saLi. m AeminThkiOngdm Pth articlr and consditine Fb of sale3 mayb obtaineD onWap Lct oMesss.H arSe and WhUttNeld soictrs,ISE, for the coontyn oftheiddlesex. M1ARSH a recevdintutions trom thLT 1~Ut O ,athe Mart . nTusa onTrurFebynexiatFeb. inon aot , ah eDWVELLING-HOUSE and BUS(MINreSSPRtiE ~crniiio f theten et land parTiculrs,dwit cndition oFeb 7 al, othe. Mr;fA fre cu I M PRO VlMtNTr,i Datfhed K eANU adBEUsinRw Premuises, neirther Rezent. iLr represendbtatsivesofth d11eheaeProrloer, toy SeL byed Aeifdo.- TOr. autsie the Mart, on hnursctdanext Feing 7,nsideal l2 noes lt,a the intheroccupationofrainrespctblwinants,and hatold. foera lng termatlla soeterodrent . aybe sieed anditainticnlarg,wt DdtosofWiI row, M . anso- rse. mmZCalte-o.Mninhue ToCapntes Ranlidtc.eris, n Reof lvieng S ated rtma ess.-Vlbo 3 MARSH has received instructions fro m SELL ccsrmws, an firbet lebeind alom horoldermeybCw,he biredetherinsid, orouitsid ew,th cost Of Fmanfaturing ben osdrblesta n othe, aplicble o drwin roo winows anurithIonsllTedn dra,e cyIn ChBandrpty.Sicbe Rofm Plath aCndp Pated Girtice. MnK BaudSON has eved rcinseucionstwfroms the' Assiguneesoft M zesss.Gbandbe. Reae,t]cmltdo SL y UTO.7 At I .athe MrtonT ursda nx, Iocnry atw forn precisdly, withou&V atable and oner lorks andbspons,saucet lad Eles and mSeelHnOue article oft plariute; oean four-patd ruoomdsedCtae and covrs to eaun, foksan spos abe-H ODMmwnithmmng ofm beale,fu andeata lee btapeinedstheD Mrt;m mand at Mvry Marh' oexpense, b chavrlote-rowto aHnarladoan-grn, Harrow-road, prxMidltyex,talthe Livfael Hand ea Sacio Stocld fives homandsgome tendntey Cohe hoie bredoSpanis Poutim afew ioal of Fura niture. landtxc eeme...vb cieederoftewExec.riutoslo . Ftclare,hadSAKoftbprm MEDof Wr HAYk-, Harcapit na sRsee, poigs,tumrel c arts,irnlvaud-in rollern,, igtub tePaeo le dofthe auctioneers , Kilburn. _P .SSonhl. MidisA,-3e0AMO and BaloKLandoh D Rerk insr oeabyth -ilolieo,t S ELL by AUCTION, atons Mr,nidyFebruary7, at 1, on thePremies,OrDaneS An, lynising cose aupo ebnklsur of fethle Grabend J lyciong Cneal, bye whch temabloddand delrTane,a ivered eoithder atr P tdgonor vathe lovd. Tames atjinn aoth2e pere tousnd Mayo HoT viewed the da riev. Harsow,Middlesx,-Valable Fleholdnowin a the Weeloy Chaelad Scool oom wit a temnta ng and Gard aen. 1)AKER ad SON hae recei nd isgcin, Extnensiveo ofther new1g chapel benmearl copee,IoSL byAUT ION,matethe King'sbHAdCTIOnttHaM-row, oFTreday,Fe6.8 atsj1 th2, inneonelot aTMSi shubelFAntafi-bltCHAEL 4coand CHetnlOO ROOM withearou offnuices,nwih h andfor-ropoli ed fotr and Garde siem of 38Harrow-o n-three-ll, commanding momptm beuiu viodew..Te chapel and sffcho roombe may,ataery wmall exigpense, hcoVee-tedit a Icaitdwetll d xtning. n,fo t proxiitgt the far-famed Hasro Scoos,wol alwa, command boo twDArtesiThe wholes, ofc the estimted valudo £40pabero anmnum landta re.deemed., Maygbe vismewedine weekr preacii-ously Prtcuarshadn te promkem,disen; ofy tbrak Harrow;eeMr.d upce,tarlicter a 14, F ruvAl's-ta e bolbotsr; the luabefsle unofthner aucigtine, Kinburing e -o oe Otaenie ldWmrEIndwor. 4DeboFrsooerholdtn al. -hos To Mpes,SBotS. EAL M nde- aud Ktlem ) a eITH bthe Prpritor to SEL y UTIOT at tAlhe-, Mart Wpia,Fbur ,a 2 valuabet REoLn Mi TA T e .fh cosstn of An enclsurem offril4 mleln, Fayingdnaotochr and rierTamsUhvNgR a cosi nderbefotg CL ToU an prvateroad, dypation r. anSd Cnee,une agreementha( temntiga Miche mas 1887or, aTuthealo annua Srenal ofne £2. articulars ith Delanr,~ SonZO, and hisod Roliiors, Coemn-tre r ity ro Mneztrs. Haslam and Ruckland, Foreyrs, Ar., Readin, an 'do,Can-tre wST,C city.Fretn,12 hodthcopiigalgasrt mentoffmWomblODds. nviewtear Dprifore. Iet Banv-keod Vea t1te owso Daboud, bwiatousdhthtfadvantae ofboirallwai and waer comunicaion wth th metopdolis bod o a xIre meaow. ThePmill suwied by two Artesia well, eathj17 TL.Mar onY TuSarday. February 1 2, atlnIx lots, byoeier fth Epsoin,g o adancienttisainrnt edd 6dr aCtUiclErs of betaina6ble14 d cnrludat the Hallwa Hromthe, and pricialins (fropsom ;-alecoi- In thdKng of Means.) G an SW Cork,sliios,JBtm- 28, FisaurW-plae~bh acine,M.Orptod,~x ortiblrsy-pas, dafter-rnaead t moeneitres. j03RW. BARNSgu wil SbELL NM. AUCTION adanoekov mnluigyh Desentifrm the Cos,y forales tfrom the. eoIci, - Mec-ip-rnaingOut-adohrb n fe Tm lenierue 'larsdye Tnr xistroeth ues Saer P et Rergsm Rmbrnd Anbtrirew girla). Coyp Muergbe Herngx VOn -yew Calogues sbov.w .MoeJdase oa&
