DEATHS. On the 21st of September last at Wellugton. New Zealand, Francis iRo bert Estotevie, seTenth son of the late Sir Gray Slrpwith, Bart., of liewboId. Hall. in the county or Warwick. At Woodlatxds, near Liverpool, on the 11th lust., after a lingering illness, Robert Y. Tralil Esq., second son of Plrofea,or Traill, Edinburgh. On the 14th inst., in his 71st year, WVlliam Robeson, RZs., solctor, 33romsgroe Worcestershire. .,slctr On the 17th inst..'at 17o. 9. Almorah-creecent. St. Helier's, Jerse, HatnahMaria, the hbel0oedwife of Capt. James Somerville, H.L.C.S. On the lStlh Iast., in the 68th yeac of his age, at N~apier House, Ckeltenban, Thomas Rae, Esq., late of Manchester. On tLhe 1Sth inst in Eaton-place, the Ron. Lady Inglis Cochrane, relict of the late dAn'irai the Ron. Sir Alexander Icslia Cochraue, .Ou the 19th inst.. at Uppin a. ulandshifrEl, bt te betloTed wife of the Rev. John Richard fllakiston, B.A.,ot Upp)ingham, and youngest daughter of Sir Edward 1icoll5s, K.C.B. On Thursday. the 20th inst., suddenly, Charles Pons, only child of Mr. and Mmrs C. W. Price of Hanworth, Middlesex. On the 21st inst., at his residence. No. 5, Cowper-terace, Cowperroad, Stoke Newington, James Rudd, aged 6, formerly of 49, Southampton-row, Rusaell-srusre. ln Edinburgh, Elizabeth relict. of the late Geo. LeeIde, Req.. of Lon doo, and sister of the late kt'racia Elomer, Req.. ALP.
QOARD or Partial Board) and RESIDENCE are " O FEBED, In a family. where tho advantages of cheerful soiet A ae conDfortaNe home wouldibe found, onmoderate terms. Address .29. Leigh-street, Brton-cresoeut. BAD andRESIDENCE WANTED, bv a gentle. ii an, in the house Or £ private family: the neig bourhool of ater preferred, Adres,statin5glowLelt terms, c., to L W., g0ARD and RESID)ENCE (Folkestone) OF- J.) ED, to one or twTo ladies or a married couple. on moderate t,nr,l R neferenlces erchanged. Address to A.B., Tiffen?s library, BOARD and RESIDENCE, iD. one of the best situa- tions near Kensingto nrdens, for I marcied couple and as migle p rion. References reqnu ia and exchangedi Apply by lettetr ad- dre-sed to J. (3.. care of Mr. Boswortb, bookseller, 215. Regent-street. BOARD and RESIDIENCE.-Brighton.-The BALBEHARLE, 7. Miarine-parade, opposite the Pier. Very advantageous arrangements can be maade at this seso for the reeption of families at the above establishment, on moderate terms. Priviate sitting roomssforinvalids. AddresstothelProprietur. BOArD and RESIDENCE.-A 1ady, of good B family, residing in the imme diate ebbourhoo of Belgae. equare. and having a larger houre than she requires, is desirous to re. ce 'e a married couple and a naid, or a lady or two ladies and their m ds. Attendanceincluded. ApplytoO.P.,60.Piccadilly. OARD and RESIDENCE.-A LADY, Gentleman, B or Married Conple c n be Bu EIVED into the houso of a pro- g m fi m Ternsfromi5s to25s I er week. with the use of a private sitting room and good pianoforte. Address Y. Z., 14, Oxford-terrace, King's-road. Chelsea. BO 0ltD au RESIDENeCE.-The principal of v, B 11 select school has a VACANCY for one or twso lades, to -whom she cau offer a cheextul and czfortable home, on moderate terms. Anrivate sittingroom if required. Addr essM .C., 51,Weftemr. road. Brtighton. BOARD and RESIDENCE, or Ap3rtents, in a private family. residing in Bal-er-street, Portmansquaxe, su1itable or twro or three gentlemen. Any foreign xentleman desirous uoter fecting himself in She English languagec would meetwith every domestic c omfort, For cards address It. Id., Taaffe's, bookiseller, 128, Crawford. BOARD and RESIDEYCE.-Rnuesellsquare.A, i dy, oupying a commodious andhandsomely furnished house, receives a select number to BOARD with ber. The domestic arrangements are such as to ensure personal comforts, combined with agreeable society. The vacancies are suitable for a marRed couple-, or parties requirng a permanent and cheerful home-11. H, 50, Upper Bedford-plaoc,'Russell-square. QOARD and RESIDENCE.-A consulting medical B gentleman and his wife wish to receivc into their louse, being large and situate in one of the leading streets out of.Portnman-square, TWO SISTERS or LA)Dy and her DAUGT°ER. The house comprises ery domestic comfort. and the society most select. Terms the two T20 guineas per annum. For cards apply to C. A.,Messrs. Beadells, pastrycooks, S, Vere-stre-t, Oxford-street. BOARD and RESIDENCE.-ID a spacios house, situate in the best part of ttlapbam. ladies, gentlemen ana fmiliesiare offered selectsociety, aliberal table, and every domestic comfort, on moderate terms. A capital garden, extensive pleasure grounds, coachhouses and stabling attached to the establishment, Onmibuses Pass the door. Addrews to A. B., 6L EngWiliam-stree, city. BRIGHTON.-A HO.ME for CHILDREN of the higher classes requiring sea air, in a superior mansion, in the most healtby situationin Brighton. Onlya limited number taken, ani from the age of one monUt to 12 years A governess nurse and every suitable accommodation. Referenree to eminent medical men and clergymen. Addreia toA C. L., care of Mr. WVallis, 5, Bartholome-., Brighton. D F ILDREN's HOAIE, in a most healthy situation, where every attention be w aidto theirheaithandoomfort Terms from Si. to Is0. per week. Address to M Morland, 4, Bamet' Cottages, Penge, near bydenhaen. rro PARTIES RELINQUISHING HOUSE. T ;EEPING.-A HOME i3 OFFERED to a married couple, in the house of a lady, occupying a country residenc nine miles north of London, and near a railway sbation, combining all the essentials of a genteel establihbment, includim- the use of a carriage. Addreas, withsreal name and residence, to . X. Y., post-olEce, 183, Regent-st. TFO GERMAN FAMILIES.-W1ANTED, bya gen- tleman engaged in town during the day, a BED BOO and PARTIAL BOARD, in a repectable German family. residingin a healthy locality i the environs, or a few miles from London. Tho prinipalobect of the advertiseristo acquire a knoowledge of the Gerscan language. French v-ouldbe considered an additional advantage. Address, witliterms, toG. X, A, CityNew;s Room, Cheapside. YDROPATHIC ESTABLISHMENT, Bridge of H XAlla&,Stirlingsbhin: For termr,, to.,apply toDr. Balbirme. "ifYDROPATHY.-MOORE-PARK nea Fparnbmn jL Smrey, three mfle, from the Camp at Aldersbott, and formerly the residence of Sir William Temple and Dean Swift, Physician, B, W. LANE, A2.L, bLD. Ed. Dr. Lane may be oconsited ia london, at 61, Conduit-streetp Regent-street, every Tusday, between balf-past 12 and 2. PARTMJGNTS to be LET, 23, Duke-streer, AGrosvenor-square:-First Floor, consisting of three rooms and kiit,cben--4 guinieas; Second }Iloor, of three rooms-L35 A PARTMENTS, Furnished, conveniently situate A near the Nev-road, Regent's-park, consisting of double' drawing rooms, and two good bed rooms, al well-furnished, to beLET, on very moderate terms. Apply at 31. Dorchester-place, Blandford-square. PARTMi,EINTS, Furnished, for single gentlemen, A within one minute's walk of city and westend omnibuses-a araaving room loor, -with two exa bedoomsif req. Tenes modesate. Address, 25, hrersbolt-street,C~alden-to3v;n- APARTAMENTS to be LET-sitting room and one or two bed rooms-comfortably furnished, with attendanme, in a religious family, Neighbourhood quiet and respectable. No children or therlodgers, Highestreferences giveDand required. Address Z, caTe of Mr. Gilson, boolseller, Mile-end-road.li A PARTMEN'TS to be LET, lunfumrnished, by a SCriptreReader,on tho high road to Harrow, both cheerful andheslthy; consisting of a Sitting room, two bed rooms, and use of the kitchen and garden. Terms 75, per week; or if for 12 months certam. s, CDS Apo yenD the premiSe!, to Mr. Shemtt, 4, Cbapel-terrae, Harlesden-green, Wlllesdea Station. By rail or omnibus, 6d. , PSThIE 'TS,Furnshed-Southampton-street, sionni gentleman,"Tiho is about to reside in the country. elYel suitedz for a Member of Parliament or a barrister, or a gentlemuan and his wife. For terms apply to Hammond and hiloart, house agents, 28, Chancery-lane, F-URNISHED.-A PARLOtJR and BED ROOM forl2s fsper week; anextrabedroomif required. Omnibusesto the cityand west end. Applyat 19, Aberdeen-place, Naida-hilL FuRNISHED APARTMENTS: draving rooms and to bed rooms, at _5. Per week, to two gentlemen engaged oat during the day. Apply at 2, IGuldfOrd-3tretussel-soare. F URNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, in a respectable farm-house, pleasantly situate, vithin two miles od Hampton Court Station. F or further particulars inquire of Mr. Hy. Benwell, 18, Charles-street, Grosvenor-square. URNlSHED APARTMENTS, for a sinfle gxentle- mau, two miles from tbe Bank-two parloms, well urnihed in. eluding extras, Hi. per weelk, and an extra bedroom ifrequired, 6s. Omnibuses pam the street every five minutes, Address B. R., 25, Cross-street, Isington. FURNISHED APARTMHENTS WANTED, for a Fsingle gentleman engaged in town during the day, must be within similesof Chring-cro3s, PutU-, Richmond, Barnes orWimbledon. Detached house preferred. Letters, post paid, to S. H., lomny and Son's, tailors, 23, Regent-street. URNISED APARTMIE.NTS W ANTED, in F Islington, not mnore than half an hour's walkfrom Somerset-honee. -A youn man, engaged in business, wishes to meet 'with a neatly FURNISiED SITTING ROOM and BED ROOM, in the house of a perso of decidedly religirus principles, Address, stating terms and full particulars, to Z., post-office, 19. Strand. F URNISHED APARTIENTS.-& gentleman, of J quiet and regular habits, who is engaged auring the day, can ho accommodatedwithaDF,AWING ROOM FLOOR in the hours of a privatefermily, where there are no chIldren or other inmates. Inclusive terms 14s. per week. An extra bed rmm if trequired. Referencesechanged. Apply at 11, Trinidad-place, Liverpool-road, Islngton. U TNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, at L 2, Ashley-crescent, City.road. The house has just been painted aesdlpapered.andis well1fitted np. Gas is litd on. TTNIFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-WANTED, %J a good-sized FIRST LOOR, at the west end, suitable for an artist. Addres J. B. (with full particulars), Spalding's library, Notting-hilL TTNFURNISHED.-To be LET, at Lady-dayl U TWO DRABV G ROOMdS and one or two BED BOOStS, beautifully situaLte. Rent low.-26, Sontioampton-place, New-road, two houses from Euston-square. TNFURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET.-A qJ gentleman, having TWO ROOiMSmore than he can occupny, upon the cecond foor of hishouse, is nwling to BET them ((with use of a kitchenaudattendanceif required) upon moderateterms. The houce is pleasantly and healthily situate, in the best part of the Camberwell,-o-d. For particulars apply to R. C., 49, Watiing-street, city. UTNFURNISHED APARTMIENTS to be LET, in W- the house of a professional singlegentleman, situate in thehbest part of theNew-road-TwoFloors scond and third,n excellent condition, a large front kitchen, coal cellar, &c., at the low rent of z£24: or three of the rooms, kitchen, ,c, at 20 gaineas. Astheproprietor's object is to have them occupied by a respectable lermanent tenant, if %atken for three years, they would be let for the vihole term for 69 guineas No other lodgers. AppIy to DA P., 54, Toubridge-place, 1terw-roead. t3M) be LET, the UPPER PART of the HOUSE T No. 2GS, Piccadilly, near the Regent-circus; or thePFirt Floor an office. O. 5t9, BAJKER-STREET.-To be LET, Fur- N nished, a SECOND FLOOR, consisting of three rooms. Rent £'2 S, per week. TmO be LET, TWO BED ROOMS Fiirnished, for _ sleeping. Early breaktfasthouse. ApplyL. I., 13A Essex-strect> tiver-terrace. Isliegten. O N very MODERATE TERMIS.-To be LET, in 0 Hart-street, Bloomsbury, a SrTTING ROOM and BED ROOM. comfortably Furnished, for a single gentleman. For address apply at 26. Hart-street, Bloomsbury. B ED ROOMS, Furnished, for Gentlemen.-Two or B three BED ROOMS to be LET, vith me of sitting room. axEd partial board if requirod. Terms moderate. Applya't 6, Red IioLstreet, Holborn. DORTMAN-SQUARE (near).-To be LET, hand- L somely FURNISHED APARTMENTS, consisting of drawing a,ddining rooms, and four bed rooms, with the attendance of cook and housemaid, and use of Collard's grand piano. For cards to liew apply at Rolfe blibrary. 32. Duke-street, Mancleeter-square, G EORGE-STREET, Hanover square.-To Members G of Parliament, &e.-The principal PART of an elegantly FUNIsHE HOUSE to be LET. with the attendance of two servants. Address Beta, post-office, Brook-street, H;anover-square. TIOILLES-STREET, Cavendish-square.-Handsomely 3LFURNISHED APART3M'TS to be LET, fromthe lst of A ril untiltholstofSeptember next,for £20; comprising sittingroom, two bedrooms,store oset, &,withattendance. Apply to Mr.Donaldson, 1, lougham-place, Portland-place. A DRAWING ROOM FLOOR, with every conve- nienae to be LET, Fmrnished, vithin half an hour's wall of thie Bank; healthy and pleasantly situate in the Old Kent-road. Omnibuses pass the door every 10 minutes for the city and West-end. Terms very moderate. Apply to Z. Y. X, 7, Oal-dey-terrace, Old lent-roa rTO PERSONS WANTING APARTMIENTS or E having AiPMRTTlCTS to 1ET, tn.-& printd copy ot t'he GNERAIs REGISTER ol APiARTMENTS to be let sent free for is. or 12 postage stampL Charge for registering . Id cash or stamps Geo. Chambers, jun., 36, BrodeneU-plaeo, New North-road. TTIPERPARTof a-respectable HOUSE WANTED, U inthe city, by a widow lady,with a small family, where, by taking charge of the offices, she could reside at a moderat rental. Not less than iive bedrooms preferred. Apply by letter td Mr. C. Good, 47,EiunWilliam-street, ity. O'E or TWVO GENTLEMEN or a Sin-le Lad, can beaucommedated with a BED B0O6S and uSE of SITTING RoOM, in a French lady's house. atSt, John's-wood, close to the ou nibuses, and writhin a short distance from the City Railwvay. Partial board if required, References exchanged. Address toMaclameol. Iveriden's newspaper-ofiire, 59, Henry-street, Regent's-park. N OTTING-HILL.-Half a Double House to be -L I t.-The owner haNing built a HOUSE larger than hb requires. is desirous of LETTING HALF, consisting of two parlours, two bed rooms, kitchen, sculiery, and aU other conveniences, two dosets, two Services of water; good garden: gas laid on to parlonrs and kitchen. The neighbourhood is very healthy. Rent includinz g-a, £28 per arnun. Apply at 14, SDchester-road, Kensington-park-, 'ottiug-hsil S TUDIO WANTED by an artist at the west tnd, s it must have a reapectabte entrance, a large fist floor room, wvith a northern aspeet might suit. Address. post-paid, stating terms, sizs of room andsituation,to 3L G., care of Mr. Vestbiy, 9. George-street. Portuian-squarc. ADELPHI-CHAMIBERS Furnished.-To be LET. a capital, light, air- SET of TIktEE RBOOMIS, newvly painted alid papered. Rent £2i per annum. Furniture valuation about 40. Address D. A.. Lawlresses librry, Phipot-lane. TJYDE-PARK-CHAMBERS.-A SET of CHAM- LI.L BEll are now to beLET in this anuoson, The situation isthe a,0st heathy in L ondon. E.ach set consists of a sitting room antd bed i-onsmadjoining. Thmeschamberswillbefoundtobhithelbesti inLou-. don. A eo the premises, 10, Hlereford-strot, Pack-lanie, near tho ar i .-
0FFICESis, St. hINichaers-alley, CornhilL, close to theRoyal xchange Appl to thehousekeePer, on the premnises. o FFC WATED, near the a ,for stock rbusi- gentleman, having oFffiMs at the west end, wihes a M,ngoo,l situationg, ontheground or fist floor: fumnished T°be e LET,anidre OFFICW., 10. Regenstreet . Water aio in the Ciy.-to Public Cornr a -ToY OFFICFS be b Lghtnduiet0inal Rn :sui,es oftw thee, and four rooms, ilth strong room, in King Wlllantatret lso pecuusudeceleUtearage. Apply toMHesgzs. Havn ad ons 61 Kng illamstret London-bridge. an eli"ibe OFFICE state 4 ai- ('IITY OFFICES~-bFurished.-To be LET ina larg bos ls othe B3ank of Engxand a SUITE fTHREE ROOM, o th seondfloor. suitable for a compan or merchant. Bent £70. Apply to the housekeeper. Bond-court House, Bond-court, ARLIEN-T-STREET.-To be LET, as intoru hrepr ;I S, the Scat and secoud floor rcoms of premnises, n ear the Eah lor mnay be had separ,ately. ALpply on the premises, To. 41; to Mer.rch=ePllmopePrladroetnetestreet; or to Mr. Bayes, auctioneer, 3, UHOUSE.-WANTED, a alldetache OIAGE IIS31DENC} . with -garden and paddoclc, writhin 40 miles of London. and two miles oqj a railwa station. Address, Mtr. Dawso3. 4, Brunswvick-place. TBlckbeatb. T1URNIS}HED HOUSE WANTED near Glocester- ,,gate, Regent's-park, for a small family, aOfor six monthsfrom 3Lst March instant. Terms not to exceed £2 5s. Per week. Address ,G., fr. Hughes's, bookseller. 8 ark-street, Comdou-town. FA URNISHED HOUSE or APART- 2 S.-W£NTED, forsixweeks or two months, within an ao' ride of town, in a healthy situation, The nelghbourhood of Hampton Court preferred, Address, stating lowest terms, to W. G., o DRAPE `S e&cr desirous of disposin- of their buiness.-The ae'tvertsers are opn to TREAT for a good CONEERN in the above line, or for suitable remisns, i agoodtown. Addr (in first instance) toJ. IL, 23, Berkeley-street, Toxteth-park, LiverbooL REQUIED v.ithin a few weeks, a FURNISHED OUSE, for 12 months or more. detached. and with a garden to coutata three large sittin rooms. with four or five sleeping apat ments! Localityiuan;healthy suburb of London, not exceeding seven or e,it miles from the Bcnk: Wandsworth, Putney. Barnes. or Richmon preferable.-A . F., 27, 3ontagu-streetr Portman-square. 3IREEHOLD LAND.-WANTED toPURCHASE, LaxPICE of FBtEEEOI,D'LAND.of not so' ;than an acre anda hahbhaving a frontage of about 210 feet towrards a public road and within a short distance of the Royal Exchange. Itmustbeinthe vicinitrof a market. aod capable of good drainage! Address, stating full particulars, containing price, situation, &. to Mr. Herbert Williams architect, 1, Great Ormond-etreet, Bloomabur, on or before the 2d TED, to PURCHASE, a de- BRachedFREEHOLD VILLA. conisting of a good entrance hal twro or threa well-proportioned sitting rooms, with five or sLx bed rooms, including servanta' rooms. and the usual basement offices; coacx-house, stable, and otlcesi good idtchen garden, with fruit trees in good bearing, itower garden, Two to four acres, meadow land; within two milts of a rils-wy station. not in a lonely situation, but in a village, ornearatown. Fulldescriptive particulars,heightandsize of rooms, to be forwarded to Mr. Garrett, auctioneer, Sc., 54 Western-road Hove, Brghton. EDICAL NOTICE.-Gentlemen wishinr to DIS- 1 POSE OF or PURCHASE bond-fide an establied PRACTiCsS. partncrships. or vaIluable permanent appointments, are respectfully invited to furnish early and full particulars. personally (preferred), or by letter, to Mr. WILSON, British medical agency. 52,R gent-street, adjoinug the County Fire office. Asistants provided. l\JfESSRS. DAWVSON and KNIGHT's printed .i7 L REGISTEBgfor March of LandedEstateis, funished and unfurashed Residences, in town and country, is unow ready, and may be obtained, free of charge, on application attheirofices orbyPostby forwarding one stamp. Full particulars of property for disposaL are requ ested to be forwardcdby the 2Sth inslant forinscrtion in the next Rej;ister.-Offices, 47, 3rtimer-street, Cavendih-square, and Chelmsford, ESseLB °0 be LET, a small HOUSE, consistin of six rooms andwash-house, situate 75, Royal-road. Kemgton-park Rent'20guineasperannum. ApplyatM.rrolomon's, 1. Strand. T°10 be LET, at Iighbury, aconvenient six-roomed COTTAG:, with large garden well stocked with fruit trees. Rent snodemte FoTrfurther particnlars apply at the Loan-office, 11, Broadcourt. Bow-street. T be LET, very desirable P M ISES, consisting Tof aPLHOUSEand EtOP. suitable for ^ hght business.,or for some p,ublic comay,=. requiring alarge..dli,ht..omf.rcleks, &c. Apply to hlr. };er ey, 17. Vo'oumn-place, Russell-squ&re. Qt be LET oii LEASA, extensive 31ANUFACTTURIXG PREf53SES, in one of the yrsdpal tboroughfares, withil01Gminlutewallcof the Bank (north). For particulars apply at 57. Old-street, St Luke's. TO be LET nearIngatestone, Essex, the whole or - part of a- CTTAGE, genteelly Furnishet Terms reasonable. Porparticulars applyto J. J. Clark, grocer, Stock. coach-house, and stable if required, O o be LET, for the summer months, a FUR.LWISHIED COTTAGE, beautifully situate on the 8armouth Estuary, North 7Wales. For particulars apply A. k., poet-office, Dolgelley, Merionetishire. This advertisement will not be repeated. 1110 be LET, (rent 21 guineas,) a genteel sLx-roomed COTTAGE and STABL cn the high road to Harrow, both cheerful and healthy; garden back and front. By rail or omnibus 6d. Apply ou the premises,a Chapel-terrace, Harlezdon-green, nearWillesden Station; or to ASr. eooper, 152, Oxford-street. Ff10 be LET, Furnished, a most desirable 10-roomed TH HOUSE, in the best part of Warwick-street, South Belgravia, fitted-up with every convenience, at the moderate rent of two guineas r veek; for long or short period. Address, 109, Wrick-street, be ,ith ossession at ady-day, a genteel a omp act BHOE t sight rooms, and bath room andwatercloset. Situate 2-o. 3, Blomfield-street, Westbozne-terrace north Rent E£0. Apply to Mfr. SUmmers, 3, Glocester-cresceat, Glocester- To be LET, a large lo P, with excelent DwaUin;r-houe rear t4io te i of two ralways and the beat thoroughfare in Learirzgon. Also a good Hfouse, and two excellent Warehous, in a principal thoroughfare in the city of Coventry. Apply to Whtle and Son, 33, Lower Parade. Leamington. 1TtO be LET, a semi-detached eirht-roomed VILLA No.43, S. James's-square, Noting-bill, consisting o breakfast room, two sitting rooms, communicating by folding doors, four bed rooms kitchen, ko. ; well-drained and in thorough repair. Reat 35 gaineas a year. including fixtures, There is a smaUlarden ith rear. Appy to 3Mr. Richardson, wine merchant, I, Union-terrace, Notting- Ff10 be LET, a most desirable semi-detached COT- TAGEa unfurnished. at Shepherd's-bush close to St. Stephen's Churcn and the hipl road, containing dining, drawing, and breakfast rooms, with five oed room-, and every domestic convenience ; alo a beautifuil garden, stocked with waaU and other fruit trees, within a Gd. ride of the Bank; omnibuses pass tostantly. Possession may be had, Rent 40 guineas perannum. Apply to the owner, Mr. Pugh, 163, Re gent-atreet. 70 be LET or SOLD CHANDOS LODGE, a valu- ableandelegantfreehol mansion. suitable for a large family facig Wimbledon-common, one mile from the Putney Station, and eight rom London. Contains IObed and several dressing rooms large drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, library. servants' offices, ac.; double coach-honse and five-stall stable. With immediate possession. Rent=100 guineas perannumL Apply on the premises; or to Mr. W. Vaughan, 57i. Old Broad-street, city. T°11 be LET, large PREIISES, with valuable LLease, at a very low rental, standing in front of one of the first thxroughfaresinl ondon, nown malt liquor establishment. These premises comprise-on the upper floors, three bed rooms and dinn room leading to a flat; groundf Soor, a convenient bar, havig two entrances, bar partGur. good tap room, and large pnbll parlor, good kitchen, and two large dry cellars. Aiy perEon who requires large back premises to build a manufactory for any description of trade stablin, Rc., these premises would suit. Apply earl atI6, ansionhouse-street. Lower Kennington-lane. 0 the lWINE TRADE.-To be LET, with imme- T diate possession. one of themoetconvenient VATJLTSin the vest endoif London, with sample room, counting-house, and other convenitece_ For particulars apply to MIr. Barratt, 69, Charlotte-street, Portland-place. 0 DRAPERS Eosiers, &c.-To be DISPOSED T OF, a onDipact SiOa and convenient BOISE, situate in Highstreet, Poplar, where a safe trade may be relied on. Forparticulars apply by letter (or esonally alter 6 p.m.) to J. F., 1, Webb's Countyterrace, New Kent-road, ho agent need apply. 710the NVINE TRADE.-Tobe LET, withicnme- diate possession, some of the bestand most convenient V LTS in the west of London, with sample room, counting-house and other conveniences. For particulars apply to A. B., care of Mr. wel, 8, Wardour street. Oxfurd-street. 11O IRONFOUNDERS Engineers, and Capitalists, -The BUSINESS and PLX&TToI a first-rateFOUNItDY to be SOL'D. The machinery and stock being quite new, and tbe premises in excellent condition, the purchaser could go to work forthwith. Apply to lronfounder, care of Mr. IV. Clifford, 5, Inner Temple-lane, kleet-strect. 1rro SURL4EOINNS, Chymists, and Druggists.-To be JL LEr. on advantageous terms, a conveuient SlHot? , in a populous neighbourhood, doing a good counter tradie(established 10 years), and o!ernn a firrt-rate opportunity for a young man commencing business For cards to viev; apply to MIr. TLndall, St. JohnL's-weeod estate office, 2S. Portland-terrace, near St. John's-wood ChapeL UP10 RPHOLSTERERS and CABINETTAAKERRS. -To be DISPOSE) OF, on very advantageous term.-, an oldestablished BUSL'TESS in a cityin the north of England, and ina locaity abounding with wealthy families and seats of the nobility where a lrAt-cLsos trade, with large returs, has been done formn ye3rs, and which is now advertisedasthe Proprietor isretiring from e buiness A ddresA.Z.12, Vincent-terrace, Islington. 0 OUTFITTERS, Clothiers, &c.-To be LET, a first-rate HOUSE. situate in Church-street. Greenwich containing spacios premises for tne tailoring department and manufacture of oil suits. mattresses, and other branches of the trade. The present tenant, whose tenancy expires this quarter. Lady-day, has carried on a large hipping and ready-money de for the last l6years For particulars and to view apply at 4, Turnpin-lane, Greenwich-market. Ff10 AUCTIONEERS Surveyors, Land Agents, and others.-To be LET, for the renmaiider of the term, a suitable RESIDENCE, in a provincial town in the south of England (the terminus of a railway), with capita1 offlces for the above professions, for which there is a good opening in the scalty. Rent only £35 per annumn. For lur;ber particulars apply to Mtr. J, WY. Penfold, architect and surveyor, 2. Ciharlotte-rowr, Mransion-house. o ho SOLD, (Lilla Esseneen, Sweden,) a PRO- PETY, consisting of a smaUl is and, in the beautiful Lake falaren. one mile from litockholin, with an area of about 37 acres: cnmunsrng a dvielling-house of 13 rooms, and a shipbuilding yard. at which several brat-class yachts have been built by the late owner, h}r A. IBB F.^NE andrdn PCcEIIIBB Apl, po-pid toT. 14 Zeffe6quri 3IS, SteringsCoats. StroCckh;olm.0 PP-r-dd °..Zir Ff0 TAILORS, &c.-To be DISPOSE OF, a well I. cotablisbeit first-class TAILORING BUSINESS, in Dublin. Returns? £0erannum, whicD h are profre Te3 peent proorieto-aetirin frontbsiness. butwould remainfor s or 12 months as mbeagreed upon)tothoroghlYbintrodoco the conuexion. For further particulars apply to essrs. Scott and Wriht, 6, Vigo-streetg RegeNt-street, loudon, T° h be SOLDb, in the bestdpart of Stoke Newington- I. ooad, a capital FAtLYHeO bSE, bistaining nine roomas, toolouse, ad long gardens. T,he situation is remruikfbly healthy and leaant, gravel soi;i gas-fittings, deorated parloura, and convenient for rail amd omnibus; i good repair, and suitable for a retpectable family. loasefor 11 ears. Groondrent. £6. Tobesoldonveryrmoserate tcerms. Apply atlI 35Nelson-terr3ce, Stoke Newinglen, 710 be DISPOSE OF, a profitable WHLEAL aBUSINFSS established fealr years may be mrlried on with a small capital, say ;E120, the goodsbeing manufactured articles of general coDuption, pad tho only manufacOry in the county; the cause of the pretent propretor widing to dispose of it being a wrane of sLuacent capital.I e p resent stacb, fixtures. RE, will not exceed £FU . -Atddress. pro-pwa to i. Y., Mr. oedward'o solciter, 8, Wic barcstreet, Porosca, Hlant3 net. LaNEN 2 and WOOLLE:N DRAPERS and SothersB-Tom. CoulETh, ahimmediate pois on, the commo adious PIIEMISESlio. 9. Briggate,the beat busies street). Ieeds,at present occuipied by P. letthewRed, Linendra,er. The premiss cau bo taken with the remaining etoes (at atrluation), or without im preferred, The Fremisesare adaptedl for the Unen or woollen trade, or any other bucneserequtrino reonai. Tihera handsothe plate-glass front tou eth shopeatdthe showrtyoo above. S.P. The Cxhtures to be takenuata valuation. Arch' tn P. Kettlewell. No. 9. Brigrat. Leed. . -10 be SOLD, pursuant to an Order of the High 2Court of (Chancery, made in a cause of" Dod and another v. Ludlam," by AUJCTIN, in three lots, by MLr. ROBERT WSILIAM FrmuLL. atGarray's f inthe CitYof lndon. onethe 27thf t arch next. at 12 do'cloc at noon .-LJot 1.-FRDEEHlOLD PROPER;1TY, at Smitbium Bottom, Conlen. Surrey; consisting of a publehouse and buldicng, cailed the Rted .iOn, and piccato pasture land adjoining, ountaining six acres and three roads, ho the same mare or lees, Lot 2. Ftreehold Messnu,ge or Tenemnent. *Yo. 10. and the buiLldings and erec- tions,tiereto belonging, situate on the wrest side of Bed-court, Fleetdtree4, in tha cityat London. Lot 3. Two C>opyhold Hooses, situate ins Icidgeeleet, Belper; let to yearly tenants at the rer,t of £30 per annum. ILatethe properlyaf Jese Oldeld,decesscd, Printed parti- ticulars and conditions of sale maybe had at theolces of ress.Chubb, Deane, and Chubb, sollrtera. 14, South-squre, Gray-inn, in the county of liddlesex; 31r. Thomas Tayioe solicitor, ta,lBuclders- bur, i th ciy f Lndo; M. enr Rihars,soliio,nodn at heautiner'sofics,inCrydo; t araw~'san aloethn TPO be SOLD, the LEASE of HOUSE and SHOP T in he general line. Taking £36 to £40 per week, Inquire at 31, Warren-street, Fitzroy-square. rr0 be SOLD an old-established fancy TOY, Brush, .Land Mat BUShNESS, a few miles from town, on the south side. Forsale in cousequence of the death of theproprietor. Apply to W. H. Chitd, 21, Providence-row, Finsbury. rUo PARTIES ABOUT to MARRY.-To be LET, .J a neat seven-roomed HOUSE. Rent S25 per annum. Within 20 minutes ?walk of the Bank. For particulars apply to mr. Boag, auctioneer, &o., 9, Matson's-terrace, Eingdand. rTO DRAPERS and GROCERS &c.-Tobe DIS- -s rosED OF, a well egtablished COOX6Rk. doing a good business. For particulars apply to Mesm. Bowmanand Co., Wood-street; or to Metsr. Spence and Co., Love-lane. rl oCHIN-A and GLASS DEALERS.-To be LET, JL in the beat part of Blackifriars-road, an excellent corner SIOP, for many years in the trade. Apply on the premises, 46, comer of Cross-street. Rent moderate. rT°i the MBIDICAL PROFbESSION_-To be DIS8- JLPOSED OF, writh imnmediate posse-slon. and a good introduction, a COUN'TRY PRACTiCE; in the county of Norfolk., within 15 miles of Norwich. Apply toMr. J. D. Smith, druggist' valuer, Norwich. APITALIST , Biiilders,and others.-Some don. It adioira the turnpi:e-road to Harrow, and is within a few minutes' walk of the Rtailway Station, For ferther particulars apply to Riichard Wright, Esq., 57, Lincoln's-inn-fields. ('hXFORD-STREET.-To :be LET, with immediate ~JposseFeien, THREE excellent SIIOPS, wfith plate-glass fronts and superior houses, wvith private doors. For particulars apply to MAr. Tarlton, 14, Southampton-street, Btoomabury. DICCADILLY.-To be LET, a HOUSE, with ex- cellent wa-rehouse, chop with two frontages, good dwelling-house overand privato entrance. Apply to Mr. Owen, Mr. Devey's offices, 16, Great Marlborough-street, Regent-street. p OLLOWAY.-To be LET, in the Seven Sisters- road, afirst-ratolO-roomedHOUSE, withevery convenience, and sty nappearance, at 40 per cent. below the value. Rent £i0. Apply to M=cm. Roberts and Bull, 16, Holles-street, Cavendish-square. TIENDON, Middlesex.-To be LET, a four-roomed H . semi-detached COTTAGE, pleaaantly 8ituate, with garden and good wnater. Rent and taxea very moderate. Apply to ACr. Elford, .uendon. iTRAND, Salisbury-street.-To be LET on LEASE- S for 21 years, No. 6 in this street: also.No. 19. Immediate possession. Apply to Messrs. George Nicholson and Son, solicitors, 4, Old Palace-yard; or to Thos. Smith, Esq.. 38, Hart-street, Bloomsbury. CT. MARTIN's-LANE.-Tobe LET on LEASE,for K 21 years. No.87 in this street; also No. 113. Immediate possession. The former house is entirely let off to substantial tenants at good rents. Apply jto resfsrs. Geo. Nicholson andSou, solicitors, 4, Old Paace-yard; or toThos. Smith, Esq., 36, Hart-street.Bloomsbury. HATFIELD, Herts,-To be LET, very eligible H'B1JIDSG LA.ND, atEatfield, 17 mniles from town, on the Great Northern Railway. suitable for the erection of vila residences, For particulars apply to Messrs. Geo. Nicholson land Son, solicitors, 4, Old alace-5ard, Westmainster. NEAR BECKENHM and HIAYES7 iKent.-Tobe LE;T, a respectable FARMI-HOUSE, containg five bed roem; ater-closet, parlour, kitchen, &c. 'with chaise-house and stable ; goo garden, and an orchard and mcad'e if required, Rent £30. Apply to MIr. T. Baxter, auctioneer, Bromley, Eent. MOUNT-STREET, Grosvenor-square.-To be LET 1 L on LEASE. an excellent double-fronted SHOP, wvith three rooms behind, and good dwelling-house over with private entrance, situate between Charles-street and Berkeley-square. Apply to Mr. Donaldson, 12, Curzon-street, Mayfair. 1J(jBNGINGTON-PARK.-To be LET, or SOLD, newv seven-roomed HOUSES, handsomely fitted up. Rent only £3per year; no taxes. Alo a variety of Houses and Shops, rents vaying from £19 to £27 per year. Price £150 and upwiarsls. Lease 70 Sears, at a groundrent. ALpply at Mr. Cook's office. Lorrimore-squaro, sPaMin gton-park. S T. GEORGE's-TERRACE, Lower Edmonton.-To be LET, a HOUSE, containing three large bed rooms. two parlours, drawfing room, large kcitchen and wvash-house, and good garden, at the lowv rent of £20 per annum: also an l-roomed House, rent £2 per annum; or to be Sold, a Freehold, a bargain. Inquire at Mr. ole's, on the premises. pECKHAMnl-RYE.-To be LET a detached J Ilu ESIDENCE. The house contains 1t7rooms, dlower and kitchen gardens, a detached coacShiouse, twvo-stall stables, wfith man's room over it. It ms situate on the prefesable part of the R;ye, viz., Ryehill-park, and known byo the name of Grove Villa. For particulars apply to Mhr. Strong, High-street, Peckham. 1 ASfCBESTER-SQUARE,-To be LET, a very iL desirable FAM,ILY HlOUSE, close to the above square; containing five bed rooms, and four reception rooms, with appropriate offices. The house is in sound repair, and conveniently arranged as a professional residence, and wili be let on lease at a very moderate rent. Applyto Mr. MIcDonald, 41l, Bakrer-street, Iortman-square. H EN ON.-To be .ET, afirat-cIasaFAMILY RE- - SIDENCE, delightfully situat7e at the wvest end of this beautiful village, and commanding the finest views of the surrounding country. The house contaius nine large bed rooms, three dressing rooms, two spacious and lofty drawing rooms, dining room, library. &ec., wvith numerous and convenient kitchen offices, garden, and land. For particullarsapplytoMrr. E. Salter, surveyor, 121, Chancery-lane, city. ALPHA-ROAD, St. John's-wood.-To be LET, eA uihed, (or Lease and Furniture to be Sold,J a deligtful FAIMIY MANSION, No. 21, Alpha-road, St. John's-wood. It contains seven bed rooms, drawing room, brealdast and dinig room library, and conservatory, kitchens, and servants' ball, coach-house, stables, and numerous and convenient out-offlces. Apply on the premises; or to B. Peckham, Esq., 6, Nicholas-lane, Lombard-street. -W ALES.-To be LET, with immediate possession, TV from2,00Oto5,000acresof MOUNTA andWODSHOOTING and FISHING, with a capitalresidence . consisting of two sitting and five bed rooms, offices, bath room, and goodfarm-burldingsr a pretty garden, beautifully situate on the benksof the Piran, inthe picturesque grounds of Haled. Any amount of arable or pasture land, in good condition, can be had if required. Pwlpiran is wzithin 12 miles of Aberyatwith, and 14 hours of London, For further pmarticulars apply to hr . Forest, Hafod, Ehyader. QPRING-GROVE STATION, on the Windsor line, j . eIght miles from Hyde-park-corner. Trains ever, hour to and from Waterloo Terminus.-Substantial VILLA RESIDENCES are erected anld elegantly Snuiahcd on any approved plan on the Spring-grove Estate, which indelightfully situate, cuaasoiof pure gravel, between Osterley-parlcandRiemmnond These homseshave good gardens attacbed to them, and additional land may be obtained If wanted. Particulars for rent on lease or purchase may be had from Mr. Cole, at the estate office. opposite the station; orin town at B', Warwick-street, Regent- ABUILDER, Auctioneer, and Undertaker, residing a short distance west of London, through ill health, is desirous of DISPOSING OF the GOODWILL, Stock, Implements of Trade, c., of a BUSINESS in the above branches, which has been well established, and for many years successfuLly carried on by the advertiser and his predecessors. The property at presentconsists of a convenient dwrelling, with shape, sheds, garden, and yard, adapted forthe business. Further arrangements can'oe entered into for a lease, presumed to be advantageous to the lisrchbser Terms and other information may be knowin on personal aph ston to MrE. Gisasher, furnishing undertalker, 193, Tottenham-court-road. T liEAT> WORKS.-TRo be SOLD or LET, a large .U MANiFACTORY, in Birmingham, now in fuU operation, con-. siating of a white lead works, capable of making 25 tonsper week. with g rinding and paint stones complete, by Fairburn, a compositiou and lead pipe miLl by Baton, a rollig mill by Bush, 8 feet 6 inches wiide, and a steam engine of 505-horse powver. The w hole of the machineryis of the beat construction, and contains all the latest improvement. The wlorks have a frontage of l100 yards to the Birmingham Canal, are within a quarter of a mile of a gosand pasgner raBilway statiou, are of modemn erection and most aubctantialcharacler. Apply to Box 53, poet-offie. Biruastmaiu ah C OUNTRY BREWERY, with attaehed publicV houses.-To be DISPOSED OF, an old-established COtDWITY BREWERY, inn first-rate markettown,lhaving direct railway communication wiLth London, from whichitis only an hour and a half distant. There are 34 public-houses and beer-houses attached, and the business averagesupwvards of 5,000 barrels per annum, a verylarge proportion of whichis str ongbeer.The propP ertyhhas]beeninthe handset the present reasons wfill be given for its disposaL. The caPitai required to purchase thevwhole concern w,ill be about £20,000, a considerable portion of which might remain upon mortgage of the property. Apply to Mr. Rtichard . less, 12, KZing William-street, city. 'JFILITARY CAMP, Aldershott.-To Builders, Hotel and Shopkeepers, and others.-To be LET, on BiLD ING LEASES, for.long terms, at peppercorn rents with a premiu, or at ground rents, very eligible PLOTS of BUI1fDING LAND, at Aldershott, fronting the high road to Farnham, immediately opposite the artillery barracks now incourse of erection, comprising the 'est situation in the localty for an hotel and shops; also severl plots for the erection of cottages, the demand for houses of e-cry description being sopressing as to ensure an musuallybigh rate of interest for capital expended. For terms aud particulars apply to. ir. Barrett, Faroham, :urrey; or to lr. J. W. Penfold, architect and surveyor, 2, Charlotte-rowF, ansion-house, London. F REEHOLD.-Clifton.-In Chancery.-Twining v. Twining - Twining v. Holmesa-Mr. lWM. ROHE has been honoured by the appointment of the High Court of Chancery, to SELL by AUCTION, (pursuant to a decretal order of the said Court, made in the above causes, under the direction of the Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Torin Kindersley, Knight,) on Monday, the 24th day of March, 1$56, at 12 o'clock atnoon, at the Bath Hotel. Clifton, in one lot, TWVO FREEHOLaD MESSUAGES, one at the rear of the other, situate No. 4, Princes-place. immediately behind No. 4, Royal York-crescent, Cliton, near Bristol. (one formerly a beershop,) and the fixtures, with the right of tbe use (with others) of the gardenand shrubbery on the south side of the crescent, givingvotes for the county. Printed particulars and conditions of sale can be had (gratis) of Charles Chester. Esq., 144,Blakfrarsroa, Lndo. Slictorforthe Plaintiffs; of Messrs. GreiiUe and Son, richolas-streetBristol, soLatorsy eassrs. B.. Brittau and Son, Small-street, Bristol, solicitora- a . K ling, Esq.. Exchange, Brstol, solictor; at the Queen's llote'l, Cliton; the White Lion, Broad-street, Bristol, the Commerial Rooms, Coru-street, Bristol; the place of sale; and of the auctioneer, Mfr. Wluiam Rdeo, No. iS, Parskstree6t BristoL. VwLIGIBLE MIANUFACTURING PREMISES, ( with river frontaese.-To be LET, from year toyar rforforatennof years, as mzay be agreed upon, w ith immediate possession, the greater portionof those vauable WVATERSIDE PREMIS8ES, known as the Don Alkali Works, situate at East Jarrow, near South Shields, in the county of Durham, and within half a mile of the public docks now in course of construction atJarrow Slake, on theriver TyWne. The premises (which are very extensive) consist of a commodious w harf or quay, adjoining the river Don, navigable for keels and river craft, a lofty chimney and flues communicating, an excellent fresh-water well, two capacious reservoirs for water, numerous ranges of sheds, warehouses, and other buildings, laboratory, a well-built counting-house and commodious offices, and porter's lodge, together with a close of land, coo,perage, &e., and have beenheretoforonsedas an alkali manufactory and chym ilwaorkes, but are also suitable for an ironfoundry. forge, or other manfacturu 6 business fonrhich railway communication or ship- in faclities are requisite. For further particulars apply to .essrs. urlthandCrighton, solicitors Newcastle-upon-Tyne; Mr. Crovvdy, solicitor, 17, Serjeants'-iiin, Fieet-street, London, Robert Dareso Esq., or MEr. J. D). L,ister. South Shields; or to hfr. RfobertVart, East Jasrrow, near South Shields, who will .show thc premi,ses. MIDDLESEX and SUSSEX.-Valuable Freehold Building Land, with good brick earth, and six newly-erected Freehold Cotta,es, situate near the Bald-faced Stag at Finchley ; and five Freehold Uottages at Portlade, near Brighton, Sussex.-To be SOLD, piu-suant to a Decree of the High Court of Chancery, made in a cause 'Alder v. Short." with the approbation of the Vice-Chanceilor Sir tichard Toriu Kindersley. the Judge to whose Court the said cause is attached, by Messrs. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS, at Garraway's Coffeehonse, in the city of London, on Thursday, the 17th day of April, 1S6. at 12 of the clock at noon, in three lots, as follows:-Lot 1. A PREEHOLD ENCLOSURE of LAND. situate at Fincbley, in the county of Middlesex, nearly oPposite the White Lion ad Rid-faced Stag Inns, containing by estimation 4, acres or thereabouts, with good brick earth, pottery, and kiln, and possesslng an important frontago to the high road. Lot 2. Six capital Freehold semi-detached Cotlages, newly-erected, adjoining lot 1, with gardens. Lot 3. A compact Freehold Pro comprisinLg five cottages lone with butche'fs chop and out-build1Bng situate in the vWillage of Portalade, about 3' miles from Brighten, andlmle from the zeasshore, near Hove and Shoreham. The premises may be viewed uPon application to the tenants, and pninted particulars and conditions of sale may be had (mratis)in London, at Gasaway's coffeehouse; .of Mr. William Rose, solcitor, 19, Changealley, CornhiUi of Ar. J. W. Taylor. solitor, 15, South-street, Finsbury; and at the offics of Messrs. Rushworth and Jarvis, Savilie-row, Regent-street. and 19, Clange-alley Cornhill-and in the country, at the ins, at Finchiley; ard at the Old Ship Hotel, Brighton. vTALUABLE F E EH O L D ESTATES and PGROUND BE;TS, Benmondsey and Croydon.-To be SOLD by AUCTION, pursuant to an Order of the High Court of Chancery, in a, cause "laltby and others v. Grey and others," with the approbation of Vice-Chancellor Sir Richard Turin Kindersley. the Judge to whose Courttbe said cause is attached, by Mr. THOMIAS JOHN BARNES, the auctioneer appointed for the purpose, at the Auction Mart, Bartholomew-lane, near the Bank of England, on Wednesday, the 16th day of A pil, 1I86, in six lota, the followinmi capital FREEHOLD PROPER IES, chiel_y let at ground rent, viz. :-A freehold ground rent of £120 a year, secured upon. and arising fromn, an extensive freehold estate, Great Russell-street Bermondsey. comprisine a large site of ground, upon which are built upwards of 40 dweling-house,, stacks of warehouses,manufactories, and othcr business premises and yards of the presumed value of £1,400 per annum a freehold renal of 5a year, from threehouses. 47,48, and49, inGreatRussell-treet, andground in the rear : a freehold residence and extensive range of workshops, warehouses, and other business premIse, Nos. 45 and 46, Great Russell- street, let to and occupied by Mr. Paxton on lease, at the rent of £95 a. year; a oommodiouis family residence and offices, with largc garden, situate at North-end, Cro don,near the railway station, let toMr. Dunakin; alsotietwoajoi Inhousesandpremises occupiedby Mr. roughney and rs. Penson The whole freehold and capable of im - tveden. rThe premises may be viewed by permission of thtenante Pssn pa a andconitios ofsalemaybe obtained of Mdesrs,. ~me, Tsadle,andSanilads,solcItrs, 53 Fenchurch-street; Garar an Jme, 1. ufflksteet iallmal-at Blue Ancor,Rs,ael-sret, erondey;an attheGryhondCroydon; B ELGBAVIA (SOUTH).-Mr. Geo. Gouldsmith begs to announce that hc has sOveraliwell-builtand convenientlyalrmatafiFAMiLY H Y;DENCISIor SAI.or forLIETIG, atrents Tasping from £550 to £200 per annum; also Furnished Houses, for the season or a lor,gerperiod. For further patculam and to view appl at his auction and e5tate agency offices, Ei elgrye-road, Pimelico. ELGRAVE-SQUARE.-Valuable and imiortant Town Mansion-To be SOLD, the det3heI& NSION, lmovn as &efton-house, tituate at the s0uth-eatt augOle fPcsaeee adcontains upwards of 20 5pacious bed chainbess twro bath rooms, elegant unte of reception rooms, banquettlng room, dining room, library, and boudoir, with complete domestic offices, and an extensive range of stabling.,enclosed in a spacious coutyard. Per further particulars and cards to viewv aPPly to hIr. Geo. Geuldsmith. auctioneer and estate agent, 3, Pont-9treet, Belgrweesqusrc, and 24, Belgraveroad, PinsliEc. FREEHOLD MIANSION, St. James's.-To be BOID, or LET on LEASE, a spacious FAMIaY spANSION,ufith all the reenirements for a family of distinction, situate in 8t. James'splace, St. tahe's-street; contniningl6 bed chamers suite of reception roomes, large diningroom, library and breakfast rom. servants' offces, and an exccentstableiu the rear. Mlay he viewved by cards, totbe ob tamend of Mr. Ceo. Gould9mnith, auctioneer, Jc., S, P~ont-streeS, Belz.:nve-aqluare. and 24. Belgrave-road. Pimlico. ATO'-Sti UE.-To be SOLD, a spaeious i irst- o seass FAMIuY RESiDENCY, situate in the best part of the 3quare. It contns elegant reception rooms, nunerous bed rooms bathvoom, and coniplete-oliees, coach-house and stabling attached. Forctermsoandfcardstoavieb apply to Mr. Geo. Geuldsmith. auctioneerand estate agent, 3, Pont-street, Eeegrave-equare,and,24, Pelgrave-ro;d, 1JE}TobN-PLACE.-To be SOLD, with ifmmediate orparposession,xa5superior FAoIy RESID.ENCE, containing numerousspaciousrooms,and having unubsualnygood arranegegent double coach-houec, and four-stall stable. Atpply to Go . Geo. GouldGsaith, 3 Pont street, Belgrave-square. and 24. ]ielgravelro rd Pimlico. "P.LRAE-S -AEPT e ROD,aKa- JLJ MANSbeIO,ET of miediu size anunihd, withth ununsea, upperfloor, orptuart on the bexellenthe Pnrnituare e Soldt It conotains elegantdre - ingroom, dining reom, library, 11 bed and dressing rooms, and, suitable P be lyt for terms. fc, to y pr. Geo. Gouldsnith,aucti!eer, &and 3,24ontetret, Belgrave-equnro, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. OELGRTVE-SQUARE.-STo be SOLiD, a capita ontiANSON, of medium size, and wgith the extr upper floor situate on the best side of the square, with or 0ithont the furmture or it may be d t, fusnished, for on year. Apply to Mr. G eo. Gouldsmith, auctioneer, estate agent,a., ,Pn-tet esaesur and 24, Belgrave-road, Piralico. and 3, Pont-reet. e)re-nae ECOUESTON-SQUExL, South Be1graviE.-To be LnEa or SOLD7ueon ad antageous tSrms, a well-built aioua FAMILTY PRESIDEhmCE, having unusually good arrangements, and contains l0 bed rooms, bath room, two elegantdcrawing rooms, and conservatory - on the ground dsoor, large dining room, library, mnorning room, and anete room; c omplete basement offices * also a double oanchbouse and four-stall stable in the rear. Apply to Mr. Geo. Gorddrmlth, anctioneer. &o., 3, Pont-street, and 24. Pclgrave-road, PimPdco. i2EOUREE LEASEHIOLD INVESTMIENT, to pay k3 nearly 7 per cent. dlear.-To be SOLD), a well-built FAMILY HOUSE, with coach-house and stable, situate in one of the leading squares of Belgravia; let on lease at £170 per annum, and held for a long term at £10 groundrent. Further particulars rmaybe had at Mr. Geo. Gouldsmith's offices, 3, Pont-street, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pirlico. CIHELSEA,-To be LET, Furnished, for 6, 9, or 12 XJ months, a comfortable HOUSE, situate in Wellington-square, containing four bed rooms, two drawing rooms, dining room, kitchen, c. Apply for terms and cards to view to Mr. Geo. Gouldsmith, 3, ront-street, Belgrave-square, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlieo. INVESTMENT.-Pimlico.- To be bargain, together or separately, a BLOCK of FIVE HiOUSES, situate in a leadng thoroughfare, each containing eijht rooms, &c.. with small garden in the rear; let at rentals amounting to £180 per ananun, and held for 27 years, at the total yearly sum of £42. For further particulars and cards to view apply to Mr. Geo Gouldsnutb, auctioneer, d., 3, Pont-street, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. .LOANE-STREET.-Dwe ing-house, Wine Cellars, and Plot of Ground.-To be DISPOSED OF, the LEASE of valuable PREMISES, suitable for an academy, builder, wine merchant, furniture-dealer, &c., comprising convenient l0-roomed dwelling-house, with front offices, e.xtensive cellarage, out-hcuses, and plot of ground. For terms and cards toview apply to Mr. Geo. Gouldmnith, auctioneer and estate agent, 3, Pont-street, Belgrave-square, and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. BtLGRAVF-ROAD.--Smali Eouse, with command- ing Shop.-To be DISPOSED OF, the LEASE, for 10 years unexpired, at a ow rent of £51 per annum. of a DWEING HOUSE and SHOP, in a fit-rate situation for securing an extensive business, suitable for the china and glass or other trades. F.r particulars and to view apply to Mr. Geo. Gouldsmith. auctioneer, 24. Belgrave-road. pELGRAVLLAHouse and Shop.-To be LET on LEAs,sith immediate s5e6sio, a PiOUSE and commanding SHOP, in the immediate neighb'aorhoo of Pedrve-equae. MSaybe viewed, andpartieulars obtained at Mr. Geo. Gouldsmith'soffices, 3, Pont-street. Belgrave-square. and 24, Belgrave-road, Pimlico. CROYDON.-FurnishedResidenewithinlmiute vwalk of the Station.-To be LET, for two years or a longerperiod, a well FURItNISHED detached COTTAGE RESIDENCE, standing in its own grounds (consi ting of between Sa nd 6 acres of garden paddocks), an containung nineorl bed rooms, study, drawinganddining rooms, servants' offlices, stablim:, &o. For further particulars and cards to view apply to AMr. Geo. Gouldasmith, auctioneer, &c., 3, Pont-street. Belgrave-square, and 24. Belgrave-road, Pinlico. D ICE[HI0O D.-To be LET for the summer season, 3I a vere handsomely FUNISIIED and most t-mplete do tachea RESIDENCE, standing in well laid out pleasure grounds; containing bed rooms, drawing rooms, dining room, lbrar, ana billinrd room, hot-houseandoonservatory, spacousatabling. out-houses and use of cows, de. Forparticulars and cards to view apply to Mr Geo. Gouldgmith, auctioneer, estate agent. dc., 3, Pont-street, Belgavesquare, an( 24, Belgrave-rad Pimlco. ATORTHAMPTONSHIRE.-To be LET, for three orsix months, a well FURNISHED RESIDENCE, pleasanily Situate, and within five minutes' walkof arallwaystation. ft oontains drawing room, dining room, study, 12 bed rooms, and convenient offices; flowerandkitchen gardens, and stabling belonging. Apply to Mr. Geo. Gouldamith, 3, Pont-street, Belgrave-square,and24, Belguaveroad, Pimlico. (Fo. -.1 nLACKHEATH.-Messrs. Kirkmand Englehcart ZFbeg to inform their friends and the public generally, desiring RESIDEN'CES (either furnished or unfurnished) in theaneighbourbood, that they have at the present season properties of every description for sale or rental, and respectfully solicit the favour of a p ersonal appliestion at their offlces, or particulars (by full description of propertXy required being furnished) will be forwrraded from their estate agency and aucltizon ollices, 58, King William-street, London-bridge, and Blackheath, Kent. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ heei TEE, near Blaclkheath-To be LET, ith immediate L possession, a compact detached COTTAGE RESIDENCE. situate within a short distance of the Church and Lewisham Railvway Stationcontaining five bed chambers, dining room, drawing room, library, and study, housekeeper's rom, and all necessary domestic offices, with pleasure and kiten garden. Rent per annumn, £75. For further particulars and cards to view apply to Kirlmnan and Engleheart, estate agents, 58, King Wil1am-street, city, and Blakheath. ]2IQ CKHEATE (the Par3gon), within a short JP distance of the Railv. Statiop.-To be DISPOSED OF, by PrivateContract, theTL;AS'of anexcellent YISPOESlEDOF.Eb containing eight bed chambers and chamber accommodations, saous dining room, elegant drawing room and library, housekeeper's room, and all necessary domestic offlces, with pleasure garden capital detached carriage-house, with three- stabling and lofs and rooms over, large encdosed poultry yard and large productive idtchen garden, with greenhouse, do., in the rear. Immediate possession may be had, and any portion of the excellent furniture maybe purchased if desfi-ed, For cards to view and further particulars apply to Klirkinan and Engleheart. estate agents, S8, Eing VrIliam-slreet.city, and Black- IROY:DON.-Detaehed Family Residence, Coach- house, Stabling, andlargeGarden,-TobeDISPOSEDOF orLet on Lease, a FREEHOLID detached FAMILY RESIDENUE two minutes' walk from a railway station containing ei1 t bed chambers, dining, drawing, and moningrooams, kitchens, andallnecessary offices. with coach-house and stablng, large pleasure and kitchen gardens, witheonservatory, hot-house, grarery, forcing-pits,&d. The elegant and substantial modern furniture, mostly new last summer, may be taken at a valuation. Apply to Kirkman and Engleheart, 56, King William-street. city. and Bla6oeath. "T-ACKREATk1-PAR1-To be LET on LEASE vL r withimmediate possession, a desirabledetachedFAM Y RESIDENCE, containing eightprincipal andsecondary bed ecambers and dressing rooms, dining, drawing, and aorning rooms, kitchens, and all necessary offlces; with coach-house and three-stall atabling. and Capital fllower and kitchen gardens. For further particulars and cardstoiview apply to Eirkmnan and Engleheart. estate agents, 58, King Wiliamstreet, city, and Blaekcheath. SHOOTER's-HILL.-To be LET, furnished or un- fmished, upon LEASE, a conmodious FAMILY RESIDENCE with coach-house, stablmng, pleasure and kitchen gardens, asnd about eight acres of superior meadowland, The house contains eight excellent bed rooms and chaniber accommodation, entrance-ball, dining room, drawing room, breakfast room, and library, and all necessary domestic offices. Apply to Krkmnan and Engleheart, 58. King Williamstreet. city, and Blaekheatbh I:RST-CLASS HOTEL and LAND, at a fashion- WpeateringPlac on the South CoastLine of Railway.-To be Centract, or ~~~Lot on Lease, P. substas,- Hil-ul OTEL, wvith tap-house, and extensive stabhing, writh or srtotland, The furniture and fixtures tobe takenby valuation, with immediate possession. Apply to Eirkman and Englebeart, auctioneers and estate agents, 58. King Wiliam-street, city, and .Blckheath, Kent. TAVENDER-HILL.-Messrs. Herring and Son L are instructed to LET upon LEASE, a most desirable deta-hed VILLA RESIDENCEu,upon a compact scale. delightfuly situate on the summit of the hill, five miles front the city. There are six bed rooms, an eleganiand very spaciousdrawingroom, dining and breakfast rooms, hall entrance, lobby, rater-coset, &c. The domestic offices are ample,mincluding butler'sroom and man's sleeping room, with an excellent suppb of spinmg water; spaciou awn and pleasure ground infront, witgreen-house, back lawu and walled garden, capital coachhouse, tabling, and small paddock, altogetner about three acres of ground. ApplyoMIesars. llemvng and Son, 109, Fleet-street. UPPER TILSE-HILL.-Messrs. Herringz and Son are directed to ofTer on LEASE agentlemanly RESIDENCE witth extensive frontage and grounds, very pleasantly ituate. - It contains six bedrooms, dlressing room andbath room, lofty drawing room. dining and breakfast rooms, entrance-ball, with principal and secendary staircase, v.ater-closet. do. ; good domestie offices, coach-house andustabling, groom's room, &c. * lawen and garden, orchard, &c.. toEeOther abouet tw5o eatcres annd a half, A Pppl to M ,essrs. Herring and QYDENiHA1%, Kent.-Messrs. Herring and Son are directedtD offer on LEASE, a commodious YAldILY RESIDENCE, very pleasantly situate and enclosed in its own extensive and ornamentalb-timbered grounds, together with paddocks 15 acres, con-- tiguous to the village of Sydenhamn, and about half a mnile from the station. The accommodations are upona superior scale, including 12 bed rooms, drwinganddiingrooms, library, gentleman's room and bath room, with a complete arrangement of domestic offlices, ample stabling, do. Earlypossession maybehbad. Apply toMhessrs. Herring and Son. 109, bleet-street; or to Llessrs. Mfanseli and Elliot. 13 A, Belgrave- XTORVO OD, Surrey.-Messrs. Herring and Son .^ are directed to LET on LE.SE, a very desirable and commodious RESIDENCIE, pleasantlysituate in Thurlow-parkontaining eight cx-- celIent airy bed rooms, dressing rooms, and water-closet. capital din,ing and drawiing rooms, spacious entrance-hall and portico, sceli arranged domestic offices, law;n and garden. Apply at MUessrs. Herring and Son, 109, Fleet-street. W EST DULWICH.-Messrs. HerTing and Son IF are empowered to LET. Furished, for 6, 12, or 1S months, a very genteeland convenient BESIDEWCE3, delightfuUly situate near Duiwvich-comon and the Crystal Palace. with or without the use of cows. The intemal accommnodations are seven bed rooms, dressing nrooms, do.,shandsomeandwiaeng roomwiteh conservatory, dining anc offlces. The externals include coach-house, stabling, and TrOOID'S room,. lawn, garden, and paddock nearly four acres. Ap'ply to Mtessrs. H}erring and Son. 101, aleet-street. 1VIJLWICH-COM ON.-Frnished.--Messrs Her- LV ring and Son are instructed toLET, for a few months a desirable detached FAMILY PESIDENCE, in extensive groundn with offlces stabling. the use of a cow, c. The-house ia ppreached bya ledge entrance and carriage drive,andcontains seven bed rooms,bath roem,stero room, spacious drawing room, conservatory, dining room, large entrance-hall, d. Apply to Messrs Herring and Son. 109, Rleet-street. -HILL.-Messrs. g and Son are di- seven bed rooms and dresing room, excelent drawTng and dining rooms hai e tmuce, lobby, water-closet. convenient domestic ohices, walled garden, and pleasure ground. Apply to Herring and Son, 109, lEyeet-street. e BCI2:TO-EILL.-Messrs. n two and a are _Q TcH e toATI upFor immoediate TRANSFER aHOUSE kZ7n DAY ae SCHOOfacing laUwn and groundsof Yrederick-place containing seven sleeping rooms, two dressing rooms, drawing and dining rooms, etrance-ball, avter-loset. the usuatl domestic offices, [and garden at back. Apply to Messrs. Herring and SOTt, 109, Fleet- Ttreet. ITEND)ON, MViddlesex.-Messrs. Herring and. Son .k.Lare empowered to LET upon LEASE, a commodious detached :FAMLY RESIDENCE, delightfully situate at Colder's-green, near Hendon, three miles from the Heget's-park, and twoand a half from KlUburn Station, with extensive grounds, stabling, of£ices, anDa land, nearly2 acres. There are seven bed ooms, te wdreseing rooans,dinarg and drawing rooms, library anDa conservatory, excellent dome3tic offices, and servants' sleeping apartments, mple atabling, carriagehouse, and groom's room; e.xtensive and beautiully disposeod lawn, garden, pleasure ground, and paddocks. Apply,toMiessrs. Ilerringsand Son, 109, Fleet-dtreet;eor to Mfr. Paxon, HaCapmteai S CHOLASTIC.-For immediate TRANSFER. a DAY SCHOOL for YOUNG LADIES and GENTEMI4 in London. The premxises5 are very commodious: a large school room buU$~ £n the play-ground. Rent exceedingly moderate. The present princdpa£ has conducted It very successfully,. and only retires on receiviagan appointment to a large metropolitan school. Incorme from ERITH, Kent.-To be LET, a SHOP, situate in High-street, wet adapted for almost any business. }4r partienla.re apply to Chas. Keadle, iuu-. house agent, Erith. MAARSI LAND Stratford.-To be LET, 24 acres of desible GBl ING LAIND. For particulars apply to Ms 3aies Carter. East Ham, Essex. INSBURY-CIROUS.-To be LET, a FAMILY F RESIDENCE, reple've vith e erg convenience, iu good substantial and ormamental repair; writh imediate Pomslmon. For particulars apply to John Perry. housagent, 61 Lonaottwal, M.AR GARE T-S TR BET, Cavendish-square.- - LEASE and FUBRNITURE of a1 BEIDENCE to be SOLD, well adapted for letting furnished, in whichy ithasbeenusedseveral years. Apply to Mr. Robt. Reid, 48, Great h -soroughstreet. (UBEN ANNESTREET, Cavendish-square.-A private RESIDENCE, of moderte sire, and well Fulshetd, to be LET, for two, three, or four months, at a moderate rent, Apply at 3i-. Elgool's offices. 93, Wimpole-street, Cavendish-square. iUT'TON, Surrey.-To be LET, unfurnished, in a setired noolf, welitimbered, eightsninntcs"valk from thersilroad a neat eight-roomedCOITTAGE, with lawn, garden, and outbuildings. For particulass apply at the rayhound Inn. HAYESCOMLaON, Kentp.-Pretiy COTTAGE, E Scontaining four bed rooms, tvro parlours kitchens, Ac wvith gansen. &c., to be LET, by the geax. Rent £16. Apply to ide. T. Baxter. auctiouser. Biromnley. lCent. 1qALI?G.-31aven*gi'een, near the Railwav Station. in a garden; containig bed as three falu patent water-closet, and kitchen. Copyholdof theanorofEatng. Apply. to Mr. Barnes, 19, Blrchin-laue, Lombird-street. ENSINGTON.-To be LET, in Edwardes-square, Ka hJghly respectable and pleasant situation, near Lord Holland'spark, a convenient DWELLIG-HOUSE, containing eight rooms. JReut £40. May be reduced upou payment of a premium. Apply to adr. Barlow, 48. Edvwardes-square, Kensington. tIAMIEJN-ROAD VILLAS.-To be-LET one of V thete desirable RESlIDENCES, containing 12 rooms and good garden. Rent £70 per aunum. Or with coach house and stables, £°O perannum. A pply to3ir.AbrahamBooth, auctioueer sodhouse agent> ,Carlton-hill Willas, Camden-road, opposite the 3recknock Aren. BISHOPSGATE-STREET (in the best part of).-To be LET, a HOUSE and SHOP,with handsome plate-glass ssh andfittings; fit for any trade requiring a, rst-rate situation, particalarlya milliner, hatter, jeveller, or any lancy trade. For terms inquire atSv, Bishopsgate-street without, HARRINGTON.SqUARE.-To be LET. a well a a 'URNlSHEIiD HOUSE, four bed rooms two drawing rooms, diliingrobm, and study, seante' ofces, andevery conveniene, ReDnt for three months, £2 15e. per week. For cards to view apply to gr. Gairdner. lt%,Tottenham-oot-road. li-TAMPTON COURT.-FREEHOLD BUILDING GROlND to be SOLD or LE, at.ioulsey, Surey, situase200 pards of Palace, raiway sad Thames, with views of the Palce, Thames, Buahey-park, darrick Villa, and her delightful spots vrli=l.y soil and pure water. Apply to Kent and Son, Hamton AMPTON, on the Banks of the Thames.-To be:e H IlT, a HOUSE, containing dining, drawing rooms, parlour, six bed rooms, water-closet, kitche offi C es; oach-house, stable, and gden. Rent £48. For particulars applyto ICeutand Sons, Hampton, Middlesex.I HANTS.-To be LET, Furnished, HILL HOUSE, lHambledon, or for Sale, Freehold; two or three sittin rooms, seven or eight bed rooms, stabling for four, coach-house, gardens, and two paddocks. Near to several packs of foxhounda. Apply to T. Smith, Es., Droxford. Toagents. 11) EGENT's-PARK-To be LET or SOLD, an ats excellent FAIL HOUJSE3, in. front of and overlooking Primrose-hill and Regent'e-vparlk cConainin^ eiht bed rooms, noble dining and drawing rooms, hbrary, anda mpl d omestic offices, with coachhouse and stable if required. Apply to .Ur. Beodler, S, Regenlt's-parkroad, Primrose-hilL. 19CiTIMBLEDON.-To be LET, Furnished, for two TV months, a delightfully situate sei-detached ViLLA lR ESTI)N3Et, containing four bed rooms, a dressIg room, dining and drawmuSrooms, andoonvenientofices. Ithasagood garden, and isa shrVistanoe f rom the Ralway Station. Apply to Mr. Toned TN the IMME IATE VICINITY of BERKELEY- .LSQUARE.-A lady wishes to LET her IIOUSE, whichis small but very comfortable and elegantly Funmished, fom the bepiuning of 7,ay,lor the season. It has every requisite ofice and is m the best situation. N.D. Thereisnonurseryaccommodation. Applybyletter, paid, to E. B., post-oflice, Piccadilly. E PSOM.-TWO semi-detached COTTAGE RESI- DENCES to be LET, pleasantly situate, contiguous tothe railway. One contains two sitting rooms and flve chambers, the other two sitting and three chambers, with offlice and gardens. Water supply and drainage perfect. Rent £30 and £20 each, Apply to Iaueands and Son, Epgon. 1)EGENT's-PARK-To be LET, a well FFUR- JLI NXISUED FAMILY RESIDENCE, or the furniture to be sold. It contains eight bed rooms6 two noble drawing rooms, breafast and dining room library, bath room, stone staircase, and three waterclosets. C -house and stabling if required. Apply to Mr. Freeman, 7. Ormond-terrace, Regent's-park north. (AURBITON.-A COTTAGE VILLA, containing S three sitUng and four bed rooms, dressing room, two waterclosets, kitchen, smare rcom or bed roominbesement scullerr. laer ceilro,ge, &c. vfithamallpleuro gardn, a Shortwalk fromthe rai. way station, to be LIT, with immediate posession. Apply to 3Mr. J.H. Pricker, Cadogani-road, Surbiton, Kingston-on-Thames. T AVIE N:DER-HILL.-To be LET,a good FAMILY RESIDENCE, containing drawing room, daiing room andmnoming room, seven bed rooms, bath room, excellent domestic offices; greenhouse, lawn, garden, paddock, three-stall stable and coach-hause Gas throighout, On lease. Immediate possession can be had. Ingre on the premises, Laender-hill, Batterse3-rise ;or of Mr. Iot, uurcb.buildings, Clapham-commou CAMDEN-ROAD VILLAS Torriano Avenue.- Semi-detached VILLA to be ,ET, in thorough decorative and substantial repair, with large garden, commanding line views. Rent onlyg£40peraanunm. Theexcellentmodernfurniturermaybe had at a valuation. Apply to Mr. Abraham Booth, auctioneer and house agent, l, Carlton-hill Vilas, Camden-road, oppoette the Breckneck Arms, ARK-STREET Grosvenor-square.-To be LET, Fuarisbed, adesirabe RESIDENCE comprisig fivebedrooms, good dawing room, diningoom, andbck room, anddomestic offces, For particulars and crds to view apply to Messrs Snell adCo., 27 Albemarle-street, Fieadiy NJEW BOND-STREBT,-To be LET, unftrnished, 1 the entire UPPER P of a largenewly-blilt HOUSE, containing suitesof apartment, andomeetc offices, This would be an excellent opportmmily for anyone desirous of tat-tag premises to be let in chambers, or would suit alirs-rto milliner. For partimilars and cards to view apply to Messrs. 8nell and 1Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarle-street. Piccadilly. S TAFFORDSHIRE, near Cheadle.-To be LET on TEASE, for a term ofyears, a capital FAMILY RES8DENCE, witha Manor of about3,000 acres. Thehousecomprisesfourreception rooms, and a bli3iard room, numerous family bed rooms. and servants' sleepingrooms; the usual attached anddetached offices, and capital stabling. The rent is moderate. For particulars and cards to view apply to 3Mess. Snel and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarie-street, Piccadilly. ALBEMARLE.STREET.-To be LET on LEASE, an excellent RESIDENCE; containing eight bed rooms, a noble front drawing room, and two others, excellent dining room, a library and genUeman's room, and commodious offices. For particulars and cards to view apply to Messrs. Snell and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarle-street, PiocadiDy. (1 RAETO:N-STREE;T Berkeley-square.-To be 80ELD, the CITY \LRA of a capital FAMILY MANSION, wfith noble reception rooms, extensive ottices. stabling for sir horses, coach-house living rooms. and laundry, &c. For particulars and cards to view apply to Mesisrs Snel and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly. Tno be LET, furnished or unfurnished, for a terse of L years, within five mninutes' valk of a Station on the Soutth-Western Ralway, and 12 miles from London, a gentleman's VILLA RESIDENCE, stniidiag in its own pleasure and garden grounds of about two acres, and approached by a lodge entrance: containing seven bed rooms, lady's boudoir, two drawving rooms, large dUnig room and conservatory,andexcellentdomestic ffices, with every convenience, and stabliDg for three or four horses, For particulars and cards apply to Messrs. Smel and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarlestreet, Piccadilly fRAYTON-GREEN, near Ealing, one mile from D the Station.-To be LET. furnished or unfurnished, a commodious detached VILLA RESIDENCE, with lawn and garden, comprising eiht bed rooms, large dramwing room, dining room, brealkast ,oom, and study. The usual domestic and out-door offices, coachhouseand stables. For rticularsand cards to view apnlyto Messrs. Snell and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, Albemarle-street, Piccadilly; or to Mr. Palmer. Hanwell. iddlesex. TELlGRAVB-SQlUARE. -To be SOLD, the Li LEASE and FURNITURE of an exceUent RESIDENCE. For particulars and cards to vie apply to Messrs. SneU and Co., upholders and estate agents, 27, A.bemarle-street, Piccadilly. jf:BERESHIRE, on the borders of Hampshire.-To be I ET, Furnished, a MANSION. fit for the oocupation of a nobleman or of a gentleman of large fortune, about a mile and a half 'rom a principal raUway station, and nearer to a good market town, with excellent gardens, hot-houses, mushroom-house. ic. The pleasure grounds, trout stream (full of fish, lake, and Ilands are of unusual beauty. About 25 acres of grass land will be let with the house, aud the tenant may have t.he shooting over the estate. The house contauins a library of above 3,eoo volumes, and a billiard table anud billlard room, w ith all the modern improvements. For particulars and cards to viewv apply to Messrs. Smell east Co, Albemarle-street. TINDSOR.-To be LET, a private HOUSE, in T' thehighand best partofthetown. Itisinperfect order, and mDost comfortably and fullyfunished. and contains eight very airy bed rooms and dressing rooms, water-cleset, three reception roomsN and convenient offlces, Particularly suited for a family having sons at to, or for ladies wishing the security of a town, wizh ready access to park rides and walks. For particulars apply to Mr. Hance, S', Alban'sstreet, WindsLor; orat 10, wattrloo-place, Pnll-mnal. TTORNSEY.-To be LET on LEASE, a capital HkL semi-detached FAMIY REIENCE, pleasantly situate on the south side of' Mutewll-hillU containing seven bed chambers dressing room, dra.ing and dining rooms, kitchen, and the usual accommodations; large gardens, with lawns, pleasure grounds, coach-house and stabling. Forparticulars end orders to view apPlY to SMes.m Plrickett and Sons, anutioneere and surveyors, 84, Sout,hampton-buildings, Chancery-lane, and Highgate, Middlesex. NJOTTING-HILL.-To be SOLD, No. 7, Kensing- ton-park-gardens, alarge and handsome FAMILY RESIDENCE ready for immediate Occupation, and containing spacious dining anmd drawing rooms, w ith library, on ei."'d floor;* three dborsof bed rooms, many of them very large; ample basement accommodation rarden and pleasure ground of sevsn acres in the rear. Apply to Messs. Connell and Hupe, Fludyer-street, Westminster; or to 3fr. Drew, Rosedale Villa, lNetting-lull. DINNER, Middlesex, within 300 yards of the U Station.-To be LE1 or SOLD, several elegaut semi-detached VILA RESIDENCES, most judiciously aranged, and tastefnlly decorated, and fit for the immediate reception of respectable families. The rents vary from £50 to L65, which includes a first-class free pass by the North-Western Xailway to and from London. and the pr.iege of free education at Harrow School. For particulars ar,pl to 3r. lird. 38, Edgeware-road; or to Mess. Toplis, Son, and Hd, 16, tSt. Paul's churchyard. K INGSTON STATION, on the South Western B ailway.-Tobe LET on SE agentlemaub RESIDENCE, on a comupact scale, standing in its own grounds, with wailedgreenhouse, coach-house, and stabling. and all nusia appuLrtenanDces, about a mnile from the railwvay station. The house contains dining room, drawing room n 3d momieg room. eight bed roome, a dressing room, and a man-servant's room, and domneatto ofices. Fpor terms and cards to view apply to Mlr. John Dasson, auctioneer and agent, Marlborough-chamhers. 49. Pall-mal. H AVERSTOOK-HILL, Hamnpgtead.-To be LET, U_ ?No. 9 and U. OAKLEY VILLAS, Adelaide-road, 14 rooms each house rent £80; and 'iand 7, Montem Villas. 18 rooms each, rent £5;6th iut ntems eial r of Adelaide-road, Haverstoc-hill, ia few minutesalk freosm tbhleCityRawilay Station, and commending beautiful viewis of Hampitad and Primrose-hil These houses arcsuperiorly finished end fit for families of respectabity containing dining, drawing, breakfast rooms, llbrery, bath room, S to2hedanddreasing:rooms, superior kItchens, and otherdomestic arrangements, with gardens backc and front, and side entrance, &c. A pply on the premises of each house. TnOVER.-To Ironnongers and others.-Tobe LET, .11 with earls possession, very spaious aud convenient PREMISES, situte in Snairgte-street. and in which the above business has been succestuflly carried on for more than half a century. They comprise a convenient dwelUing-house. large shop. with extensive store rooms over and ounting-house advoining, capacious buildings andFcaves ir the rear, in which are numerousforgus anffurnces kco.: the whole formang a compact property, and affording feery facility for carrying on aimotany extent ofbusiness. Thepremdes arein completeworking order, aLnd may be entered upon aLmost immediately; or they maLybe easly -converted into a brewery or manufactory, where an unlimited supply of excellent wavler in required. furtherparticuars may be had of M{r. James Worefold, estate agent, Dover. 1i)OTTGHTON, Hants.-To be SOLD, bv Private LlC4ntraot, a very desirable an compact F OL0D PROP'ERTYf, comprising a commodious familyresidence, la,telyoccupied by Wihiar t Steele Tomldns, Faq., deed, with gardens, leisue rounds coach-house, stables, and other outbuild , apbroschedb a private roadfrom the village, aLnd surrounded by a.bout A'are of 4as ture land, includingt the elvelling-bouse, grden, and premises, in the occupation of 1.O. Fox, REsq.; alsosoverat cottauges, and twvo vesaluable farms, called Darfield FaLrm anDa Seven B8arrow Farm, WithC all reriusite farm-buildings immediately aLdjoining. and containing toether 498e. 2r. 38p. or thereabouts of arable and. ~Immediatc poeeon of thehonse, pasture land(except abou twro acres), and DarEeldFaum casbe bad. Mir. Aesbeton Smith'e and other foxhounds constantly meet inthe immediaLteneighbourhood of this property, which is din- ern Railway, 12 milsfo aibr n Winchstr, an hiemies from Andover andRasyFrfute lrluaaapyoMe. Rawlenoo and Squae,ln gns ssuy rt ,F ely PORTL,£LND-PLACE.-Unfamished.-Messrs.- Dawson and Krdght have been instred to LiET, or Dispose of the Lease, of one of the best HOUSES in this desirable and fashioaable Iocale.-Offeoe. 47, Mortimer-street, Cavendish-square. TM-YSWATER.-To beLET (2£30 and £35) an eighc B Aand ten-roomed HOUSE, newly painted, Teryconvenient, gente.1, and heathful ; Close tO oMnibUses. Apply toflr.Smith, iz tanSdowne-terrace. Notting-hill, BELL-YfAro D Temple-bar.-To be LET. a capital tr open-frontedsOP, Parlour, and drq Cellar, suitable for any trad= ,iring a good thoroghfare. Rent 1ai. week. Apply at A T ESAINGTO N-SPAA 12-roomed House for £40 per annum.-A semi-detached RESrDENCE, in the best part of tis favourite watering plaoe. Apply to Mr. Hunter 14 Chrott street, Leamnington; or of Mr. LIuck auctioneer, 10, 31ucklersbury. QT. JOHN's-WOOD.-To be LET, unfurnished, an ) elegant detached VILLA, in the best part of this fashionable suburb, in excellent repair and condition, at the moderate rent of £S0 -13roomrs; couservatory andgoodornamentalgarden. For cards to view address B., post-office, Swiss Cottage, St. ,John'svwood. WALTON-ON-THMIES.-St. George's-lodge.- -To be LET on LEASE, a compact genUeman's HOUSB, grounds, stabling. to., opposite the entrance to 'it. George's-hill. Ap- lication to be made to Mlr. Clarke, architect, 13, Stratford-place, Oxford- street. ]Fj,t!TINGS, Sussex.-To be LET, for three, SLX, or a nine 3ontha. a semi-detached V TLLA RtSIDINCE, known as Glen View, with beautiful land and sea views, handsomey Furnihed within a few minutese walk of the tovn. Address, OitMareferenos, to Mr. Spencer, Glen View, Hastings. Ca-RSHlALTON, Surrey.-A HOUSE to be LET, containing five chambers and dresingroom. dining anddrawing room, kItchen. and soallersy two water-closets, grden, andoilicsee Inquire of MIr. Robt. Smith, Gest-street. A coach-house and stable if required. RIDGE (nearto).-lTo be LET, a -AMILY V RESID'ENCE, contaiuing 12 rooms, coach-house, stable, walled garden, shrubery, 73 acres of land at back Rtent £100 per annAm, Apply by letter to Mr. South, 28, Great Cambridge-street, Hackneyroad, near London, 0 OSELERVILLE, Northileet.-To be ~LET, a ~deirXtiable RESIEDENCE, containing 10 roons~ situate Albert-terraee, RoshervWle, commanding a magonificentview of the river and suxounding country. The bouse is replete with every convenience for afamily. Rent £40 per annum. For particulars apply to Henry Newman este agent, 23, H armer-street, Gravesend. RANGE-ROAD Bermondsey.-To be LET a re- -G spetable pri2-4IDECE,-o 2t4, rnGwgereed; Bermorid-- sey containing nino rooms (including the kitchen), recently put into a stateof thorough repair, and fit for immediate oocupation. Lowest rent4£45perannum. Thelandlordpaysall ratesandtaxes. Applyto Mr. Turner, 225, Grange-road QT. JOIN's-WOOD.-Mr. Tindall is instructed to S LETa desirableFA51ILYRESIDENCE; itcomprisessixbed and one dressing room, drawing and diuing rooms, library. COnTenient servants' offices, and good garden, with or without coach-house and stables. For cards apply at the St. John's-wood estnte office, 28, Portland-terrace, near St. Johr's-wood ChapeL S !T. JOE.N7s-WOOD.-Ml: Tindall is instructed to LET I,.several desirable RESIDENCES (one property), situate in the best part of this favourite locality; they contain 8 to10 rooms, fitted with every convenience. Rents;iOto:70. For cards a prply at the Sdt.John's-wood estate office, 28, Portland-terrace, near St. Johu's- S T. JOEN's-WOOD.-Mr. Tindall is instructed to LET, for nine months or longer, an elegantly FURNISHED semidetached VlILA it contahs four bed rooms, drawing and dining rooms, library, servants' olices, Large garden, double coach-house, and three-stall stable, For cards apply at the St. Jobnh-wood estate office, 28. Portland-terrace, near St.] Joha's-wood Chapel. 5T.JOHN,s-WOOD.-Mr. Tindall is instructed to LET, Furis3heLd a desirable VILLA RESIDEN'CE; it comprises five bed rooms, drawing, dining, and breakfast rooms, convenient servantsiofllces,andgoodgarden. For cardsapply at the St. John's-wood estate ofice.28, Portland-terrace, near St.Joha's-wood Chapel AT. JOHN's-WOOD.-OUSE WANTED, con- s taning four goodbed rooms and two sittingroom, (separate ferred). A smaU but nice garden indispensable. Direct S&particuel r. to Mr. Tindall, house and estate agent, 28, Portland-terrace, near St. John's-wood ChapeL pARK-ROAD, Stoke ewinigton.-To be LET or SOLD, with immediatepDoession, several eight and 10 roomed HOUSES, pleasantly situate, and fitted up with every cenvenience for families of respectability: conservatories opening into large gardens. Apply to Mr. Rodda proprietor, on the premises, 24, Park-road OD INVrESTAIENT, £123 per Annum.-For SALE, a PAIR of semi-detached VILL& RESIDENCES, each let for three years from present time, containing 10 rooms, U the best art of Canonbuzy. Will be sold cheap. Fnr particulars apply to Mr. odda., 24, Park-road, Stoke Nevmington. QTREATHAM.-LEIGHAM COURT AVENUE, *gen.lemanlyresdence,tobeLE,T: four receptionrooms with beat plate-gla33, and elegantly decorated, four beat bedrooms. two servants'ditto,largestoreroom excellent kitchen, andusa0ffices. Or the Lease to be Sold, at a lowv ground rent. Apply to Mr. Carter, 25, Pavement, F-inshury. S TOKE, near Guildford, Surrey.-To be LET a S well FURINISHED COUNTRY RESIDENCE, delghdully situate, consisting of draw,ing room, dining and breakfsst rooms, sdr bed rooms, k;itchens, dar, and nueul outbuidings;* three-stall stable, coach-houe, 8.c. ; use of twvo cow s and a large w.ell-stock;ed garden, with five acres of meadowv land. Terms £5 perweek. AddressNY., hlr. Andrew,s's library. High-street. Gollfdford. FTHE LAKES.-FURNISHED HOUSE to be TLET. from March to the end of September. Rent for the six months. 60 guineas. The -house consists of drawing room, breakfast room, and large dining room, five bedrooms, two kitchens, Ac.; comptelyfurnished. Ascoach-house and stble, vithboat on thelake. ghee bouse is beautifully situate, overlooking thelalke and viIageof Grsasmere. Apply to Mr. Rogers City Newserooms, 66, Cheapside. LDMONTON.-To be LET, a FAfMILY HOUSE, E within five minutes' walk of the railway station; containing dining auddrawing rooms and breakfast parlour, lage entrance hal, nine bed rooms, with the umal conveniences; large pleasure and kitchen gardens, coach-house, three-stal stabe, and oter out-houes. For particulars apply to Mr. Henry Knight, 27, Bucklermbury, and Edmonton. TTP>PER WEYMIOUTH-STREET, Portland-place, tJ close to Hg~h-street, larrlebone.-Leaseholds-For SALE, TWO newz and aubstantial briek-built and convenient DWELElaNG, HOUSES, w ith Sho s, in the aboTe street. The proerty is heldfor the long term of 5S years, at low ground rents, and let to highly respectable tenants. For particulars apply to John Knapp, Esq., solicitor, 3s, Welbeck-street, Caven,dish-square. B ROMPTON-To be LET, Furnished, for six or nine months, on moderate terms, a HOUSE, in one of the leading squares near Kensington-gardens, comprising good entrance-hall, spacious dining room, ante room, butler's pantry, stone stairease, draw,ing roomS, and four bed rooms, tvwo wvater-osets, with kitchens on basement, replete with every convenience. iFor cards apply to Mr. Labes, 65, New Bond-street; or Mr. Godwin, 3, Halkl-nterace, Belgrave-square. AVFORD-STREE'T.-Important BUSINESS Q PRE3IUSES, a short removo from theRegent's-crcus, onthenorth sie of this unequalled thoroughfar in wlhich they occupy a frontage of 35feet3inches, withadepthof lGOfeet. Theyareinvaluabletoa silknmerer, cabinetmaker, pianoforte manufacturer, or any person reqmtri spacious show rooms, with an attractive frontage to this street,whihforbusinesshasno rivalinthe metropolis. Applyto Mr. Robert Reid, 45, Great Marlborough-street. BELGRAVIA.-In the preferable part of Chester- square.-To Members of Parliament or lamilies in quest of a comfortable well FURNISHED TOWN RESIDENCE, to be Llr, for the season or a longer period, with early posse.sion. containing handsomely fitted-up reception rooms, dinin and breakfastroom, library, five princpa andthree servants bedcchambers bathroom, and commodious domestic offices, coach-hoese and stables. Fll particulars may be obtained of fr. Geo, Hlines, auctioneer, Grosvenorstreet west, Eaton-square. C ROYDON Surrey, about half a mile from the West Railway Sta on, and near the chureb_-To be LET on LEASE. D(PPA HOU7SE a commodious residence, standing in its own prounds, vwith stablingfor fourho3es, coach-house, garden, lawn, conservatory, shrubbery, wValks, and meadow, altogether about four acres. The house contains four principal chambers, twvo dressinga rooms. four servabta' bed roomns, d4inin and draw,ing roamS. each 22 feet by llfeet, morning room, and ample domestic offices. Mray be viewred between thehonrs of 2 and 5 by cards, which,withatheterms,maybehadof hlesrs. Blal;e, Croyslon, f OLNEY-HIATCH-PARK ESTATE.-Several ,J pretty semi-detached VIILiL RESIDENCES (containing eight rooms) to be LET, with goed gardens front and rear, at the extremely low rent of £E21 per annum each, within 16 minutes' ride of the K;ing'scross Railway Terinhi. MIr. Ellis. builder, on the estate, will showthe property,and particulars may be had of Mr.Bray, in, estateagent, 16 k, K;ing's-road, Bedford-row, B ARvNSBUR?~Y.-To be LET, in this locality, TWO J capital RESIDENCES, in a very pleasant and respectable street; attheback id a Large pleasure garden, in which the tenants have the pivilege of walking. tisaweilsuitedforchildren, ApplytoMr.Bray nn,, estate agent. 16 A, X.ing'-road, Bedford-row. 1) USHEY, Herts.-To be LET on LEASE, a most BI delightful VILLA RESIDENCE, standing within its own grounds, ith about 4t acres of superior meadow ulplanc. commanding extensive views of thesurroundingscenery over many miles The vila contains suitable famuilyaccommodation, an abundant supply of hard and soft vwater. coach-houne,-etabling. ., a end customary out-buildings. The lawnand gardensaretastefullylaid outwith choiceshbrbs and fruit trees; also a large orchard. It is in every respect fit for the reception of a gentleman's family without additional outlay. may be viewed by cards only, and further particulars had of Mr. Bray, jun., estateagent, 16A. Xing's-road, Bedford-row, London; or Mr. Hum bert, laud agent, Watford, rHORP ARCH, Yorkshire.-To be LET, from year to year, or for a short term of years, at a moderate rent, a capital andoonvenientDWELLlG-HOUSE, with gardens, land. two cottages, and suitable outbuildings adjoining, situate in a delightful part of Tborp Arch, The premises were occupied by the late Mrs. Payne. for many year,preious and up to the timeof her death. are in good condition, adapted for a respectable family, and ferm a desiable residence. Thorp Arch is about lz miles from Leeds, 1 from Yorl;, and 3SfrOm lVetherby and 1'ad caster, and has a railwiay conmumnicaton w ith York, L eeds, Tadcaster, Hlamvowgate, &e." A person on the premises will rshow them, andfifrther partiosslars may be hadon appllcation to Mrs. Nayler, of Thorp rch, near Tadeaster. Yorkshire. TFSLE of WIGHT.-To be LET, an HOTEL of the L farst-class, at East Cowes, having a pier and landiug, and frequented by the Royal Thames Yacht Club. Its situation commands the first combany, being in the vicinity of the Royal residence. The house has lately been under the cloud of litigation-it will now be offeredup31n such terms as will ensure the occupier great advantages, as the rent is nominal. It has 20 bed rooms, numerous sitting roomS billiard room, coffee room, ball room, with every requisite accommodation, stable yard, coach-houses, standizg for 20 horses, Ac. A detached tap. The coming-in wvil be made satisfactory if the party is competent. Inquire of Warlters and Lovejoy, 55. Chancery-lane. BEXLEY, Kent.-To be LET, at a moderate rent, with immediate possession, a HOlUSE, known is Brampton-place. containinlg drawling rooM, dining room, brealfastparlour, andhall, 20 bedrooms and suitable servants' offices, together with coach-house. stable, lawn. greenhouse, and flower garden, and an excellent supply of sprivgwvater. Well adapted for the famuy of a gentlemanhaving business in London, The house is delightfully situate, commanding beautiful views over the surrounding country, and at about a mile distantfrosthe Abbey Wood Station on the North Kent RailtwaY. to andfromvwhich an omnibus passes thehhouse eight time'sa lav. The right of shooting over 25G acres of laudmay be hadii reqnired. For particulars apply, peronally or by letter, to hIr. Sheather, Bramptonplace Farm, Bexley, Kent. BUSHY PARK, swithiR five minutes' walk of the river and of the capital market town of Kingston, andhalf a mile from Hamptnn Cour-t.-To be LET, Furnished, for two or three months, a very desirable RE SIDENCE, stauding in its pleasure and garden grounds, ciitaining two acres, ornamented with beautiful trees, shrubberies, greenhouses, hc. The house Contains four principal bed chambers, large dressing roomn, thtee secondary bed rooms, goad dinmnand draing rooms, and library opening to the gronmd, kitchen, an wel-adapted offices; double coach-house and four-stal stabling. The Twikeabam, Hamptron Court, and Kingston Stations are available, to the latter of which onumbuses run to meet nearly every train. To be viewed by orders, which, withl particulars, may be obtained at {r. Jobn Dawson's, land and estate agency offices, Kingston-on-Thames, and Marlborough-chambers, 49, Pall-mall. BERKSHIRE, near Maidenhead-To be LET. rPFFurnished. for one or more years, a FAMILY MUwANSIO seated in a noble park, With grounds tastefully laid out in lawns. pleasureandkitchengardens, orchards, &c., surroundedbybeautiful country, and in the vicinity of many distinguished seats. This family residence is wel furnished, and containsonthegroundfloor,noble reception rooms, boudoir, dining room, morning room, library, biliard room, spacious entrance hail, principal and secondary staircases, a school roon, four other rooms, bath room, and cousevatory; on the upper floors, ten principal bed and dressing rooms, seven accondary bed and dressing rooms, day and night nurserie, sixservants' dormitories, convenient water-closets, store clsets: on the basement, excellent and numerous domestic offiees; spacious carriage yard, stabling, laundry, wash-house dairy, and other buildings. Together With the shooting over uwZards of 4,000 acres, almost in a ring fence, strictly preserved andabundantly stocked. Cars toviewthe mansionandfurtherparticulars may be had of Messrs. Farebrother, Clark, and Lye. Lancater-place. Strand, iHE BIRCHES, Hagley, Worcestershire.-To be TLet on loasse.- essrs. Driver are instnucted to LET on LEASE, the very desirable FAMILY itESIDEDCE, known as the Birches, delightfully situate at Hagley, in the mostpreferable part of Worcesterxhiro,. 2 miles from Stourbiidge, four from Kidermnster. and a quarter of a mile from iTailway station. The mansion issituate on an eminence, commanding most beautiful views of the Malvern a other hills and Hagley-park, and is surronded by plantations, shrb- beries, lawn, flower and kitchen gardens; it is fitted with every accommodation suitable for a family of distinction, and contiois dinig anud drawing rooms, numerous principal and weoondary bhd chanher, dressing room, and all necessary domestic accommodation, coach-house and stabing, loedge, aud gardener's ottag,e-the whob neihborhod, nd hooingmayeba onthe estate; a pew in the parsh hurh blouatoho roprty Fothe rcntsa termsfrte ILIGGROUND.-FREEHOLDGROUI-TI TITATRSID PREISESto be LET, near VT. empe-b; wth tabingwarhoues,lage light worksboe and dwligros pl o~ ie 7Armnde-treet, Sts=d mc,harcis p, sigt-ic,smigv-od r A FREEHOL ST E,o47acres, of excellent C3L land, for SAE erasainote ot atr ala,in Mont, 'With residceadfmbulng. ppyo,.Silir , Oueen's-place,.ennln L?UILDING LAND to be LET, at An_e~rley, for tile .LD erecton of villa residences, commandinigextensrivenbeautiful prospects. Terms 12)years Leasedirect from the freeholder. AplyL to Mr. Arthur Taylor, architect and surveyor, 18 a. Basinghall_stres ¶TEAMI POWER to be LET, with inUediate pos- session-a spacious floor. admirably adpted fOr m3nufacturmnt suposes Apply on the premises, 20, Wharf, North-whacf-road Pad- WATERPR~OF BUS-INESS -to be DI1SPOSE-D W F.inzajirst-rate situation, A personwithsmnall mean, and ind:stijona 'ha:bite would find this an excallent opportunity. Address by letter, pre-paid, to wr., xesers.Gillhsrt, Brothers', 18, Graoechurchstreet. ~LY BUSINESS.-To be IJET, the FLY BUSIF NIS attached to an inn, situate in a Popuflous; anc. xespectable district, a few miles from town; offering aLn ezoelleut oPportunitY to a smal 'atalist.orpriuasppytthWhtLonI, tebLn R o1und, 60, Chanoemy-lsne. A FREEHOLD INCOMEB of about £65 a year, -C-without deductions and well &ecurcd upon premises let on leasw, tobeSOLDfor£l.0C0. Offered at this extremelouwprioetD prevent the owner borrow;ing upon3 mortgage. Belof titles, Applyby letter only to B. Z, !i. Albert-terrace, Southampton-street, CsmberwelL. QTATIONERY, Newspaper, and Fancy BUSI- .7iNESS to be SOLD); established 30 years, Returns -L50D per annum. L-eas andl goodwill, £I00. Stock, library Loe, at valuation Rent may belet off Apply to B3. Bmumhield, 18, Uppj;er North-place, Gray's-inn-road. T BACCONI.ST's BUFSINESS ~to be DIJSPOS-ED TOF estblished over 30 years, doing a first-class count-er trade. As thea boeisgenuine none needapply unlesspoaemde at leaft £100. For cards of address apply to MeBssRs. It Ebels Son, 54, fi,. John-street. ClerkcenwelL. DENT _ny£1 per_A=sn_,inclumiveoLta,xo&,A I,gentlemian has a smnall COTTAGII to LIT, delightfully Bituabb ini its own grounds, within eight milles of London. it contains fry Smallrooms, with pleasure garden. A desirable tenant only will be soeepted.-Alphs, post oflire, Pinner. ~OR SALE, in the best part of Gray's-inn-road, the F'extensive FREEHOLD LA-ND (over an acre) and PRMES belongingRto theWelsh Charity. Forgprmissiopt to view the proet and for further Particulars app,lyat te office of)Mr. Henry Cot 26, Charles-steet St. James's-square. Ii~REE OLD.-o be SLD, 10 acres of excellent T)kARE OPPORTUNITY.- Tobe LET, a 10-roomed J,t,) HOUSE and SHOP.,with handsome plate-glassfront, In aleading thoroughfare, the upper part being tenanted at £45S per arncan. This offers an opportunity seldom 3met. Rental CO guineas; fixtuses ~oodandatuorninalvalue. ApplyatMa. ed's, 21,1Pavement,Fins- ~TATION-ERY, Berlin Wool1 and Fancy BUSISNESS to beDISPOSED OF, in heading,.in the vicinityofa largea number of schools, doing a respectable and ready-money trade,whic would be3 materiallyincreased bya suitablepurc-hase. The house has a private entrance and convenient for letting off. Apply to J. W. C.. 115, Caste-street, Reading, (} ENERAL GROCERY and CHESEMONGERY. %X-To be LET, an old establishedl BUSINESS in the above live, situate in the centre of the principal miarket atthe west end. Doing £16 per week (proof I over the counter. Plrice £45. Fixtures worth miea.rly 2ll the mnoney. For particulars apply to Mr. Andrews, postoffice, 57,Tottenham-court-road, No agents need apply. orEXHIlTION OOZ-To be LET, thegrond par ofBod-sree, n ee~nlyfitted GALLEItY on floo, wih gon lght,endsptefor the exhibition of picure, satury,or the woks f at. her ia private room atBond-street.autioee%, OTIE ad SOP.-A apialHO'USE _and .LL HOP wih prvat sie etrane, o b LE, in the immediate vicniy f tre o for quresanthterntusof the Nerth-Westeru For artculrs pplyto r. cDoald,aucioner,41, Baker-street, IVlLA, i theHorsey-road, to be urnihedor nfnriahe, I isreplete with every reqAusit br getlean' reidece,wit stblig.large gardens, jawn, padoci, ochad, nnyar, ldgewit twroos.ec. For partionpper-street, Islingestatlon.U Jj'~REEHOLD MAN~OR FARM, in Ben-ks, to be_L' SOLD, to pay S3pe cent., consisUting of 235 acres of good sound. laud, with farm residece, convenient homestead, ax-, near a good. mrk et town and three railway stations, one houirfrom london. Apply to Mesrs HTaslam and Buckland, land agents and surveyors, at Bead- - ing, anA2, Cannon-street west, city. E NLIGIBLE, IN-VESTMLENT.-TWEN'TY-FIVE. JACRES of LA-ND, of asuperior quality, freehold andtithe-free situatemnear Hounslow, to be hOLD, byFPrivate0Contract. The aboveis now under cultiv-ation as arable land, and is equally 'Wel dpe for amarket garden ; it also possesse many advanrtages for baidiy purposes For'parttcuLals apply to HenrylFamnell, Rq.. solicitor, Iseworth, lifddlesex. 1~ORSALE a POTOGAPHC GALLERY, Faoisedhyoh visitsof Satioa, onubrofaiesf the hit-etrnE wyacghetsotandnget blfunsedDISOUSE,F wthe proces empbckloecawn be4 ktaugh to prchser If wonaint oued Proosoand withasu rofra thr00 sitingmroao,d aplser arte ficelas, b letter,us anddrssedl C. RT,epsit-oatice, perfely- FEORRSALE, aBoC of LE1 HOfurnseS, l etrt goo wreekly tenants, indexcdlleng eoatirena omrepar cothani£0 a year,eae fe ror narly 40wi yars,i~ rtamo,erategr-oi-_rs. hi estate wtisnfeeb thmie ownter sttorise ao surms ofone fordst engapemeny teisnudR. Wandtel, ows picedofstate agent. eyidgt em nery buyRK s pRtOnA nlD f h moneybIs required, part aidoureman - Aplto ardn&. PAt pply,8,GetoUnion-street,Boough-roandes,eae rual OUt SEo lonelye Apply, nto ret.-. arkdeu h700. andt Lostaeagent, Weyhstdgrnte. lasMyews prty HOT OETixELlen daecratn rpi, ad ContebaIni Fthreebed r)oIPAm's, Drain,adinhimediaroom,water-Lest, seervnts offres wthi a il ofth sttio. or ers and card toeviet appl toMr It Walden houe ad esateage T.heypride.ie ren Y ORK-'ROAD, beybLET.-To be LET,OaEDobe OF offies,gardn, c. pplyto r. RWaide f houseeandetat aent,w Weybridge. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ D<uate be p Orfere,)inECtoG for onET Furnished, ina lawnt part eof Exeer.Theato cnsstsof inig rom 5 eret by, orw ngvroo UST be SOLD nnnediate of TWOk termiEHOed b ground rent £45, ~ ~ letupo lease t8yse,prc £,00thefreon prprert tre,BAppfrnars,H. edse-sre. otn F6 IROT-CLAS HOe,Tvern200 ce, and. Rosieehoue manynyar modtablsed and hastlong ranked als onof the, Ameoetim-it potant o etabihmenSotshofitsm Raininlwndy. Thes premise areeces sardisyeth,ensie,cadihvedirtceinstly atagEaT.epneenptit compLET,frtee ordrTo buinesesois. ofthe mxcustirespcal andH pohtabeOT descovrip5o,MPatiuoramay baes obtWainedoby pnrincipal one apliatono tponM. Apl.yGaodinermauctioeer 17b, Rat1eon-garden AP N r Dvantaeou teRms,TheUEAE of conventienmand 13 situatedPreISem, wit ath Bywelarrne0qater,tbeSL o - barewr la.ntwillnb alor e tor rmi,tu fodn a raret eelsn~i o~Ipporunty of takin goig aroa. Laseof he oue i reuird.-M.AlfedC-Ox, New Bod-stet r Upper Baker-street. IFo. 5.618.) URNIURE,for five rooms WANTED.- F WANTED.immediately, fromapra se yEtn h - some second-hand FURNITUJRE, for one or two drawing rooms ard- two bed roomis, and long stair carpet. State lowest terms, k&c, to Z.,Came of Mr. Sabin, 41, Southmolton-street, chages Evry nfomaton ay e otaiedat the Cambridge De- postor, aneag-rod,St.Gerges-oad PmMlioD. by application to- - theManger onthepreise, nar o wichthe Weriminster omisii- 0 FMILESREMOVIYG~-=The RE-DFORD ropad, fof vbealhuable popefrnty,ure, itted upaintongseparate anduse venilaed omprtmnt, s tht ech epsitr cn hve isown lock and ey,andfro th gret eten ofthepremises the proPrietor is S OR WANREHOUSES BakEr-stEe BEGREEr.- wARme.KINGelcku omsmyb eggd A prNoaYlue pen tems'ponrpplicaTioneo amois n sent tmgive estibmatefr sent, os o-elng a, dk remoynii covre vans Apl oth tr- 0n HUtNDRED andtWEV ERF.
ADDRESS to the COlNEXIONS of the UNITY - I I CSUR CE AiSSOCITIONiS: chief offices, Unity-buildings, C Cannon-street. city. DESTRUCTION of COVENT-GARDEN THEATREI by FIBE. - Dear Sir.-I hare an several occasions drawn Your atteution to the larg amouht of Property there is in this country insufliciently covered iby insuan ce or totally uninsured. When a large fire takes Place the 'report of tUe catastrophe genermllyconcludes with the words -partially Insured" or "uningured." This is the caae with a very large propiorion of great institutions and warehouse property throughout 'ihe country. In the lamentable instance to which I have nowv especially Teferred not one single brick was insured. It is euite true that Sreat precautions had been taken in perutanertce. One fireman by day .rsnd three by- night were engaged thLroughout the Year, at an expeudi-ureof £375 persanum. Large tanks had 6een constructed, from 'wbichlIStosor. wsaiter were.in the event of lire, to he thrown down .lke a deluge upon the fames. The fire at length bappened. Though it broke oit in the night, it was at a time when the firemen were ;aTowedly present, and when several people were ii the buildi:g and in the adjacent strects The asistance of the engines -as so rapid, that -one witness exprewed his surprise at finding theta there so soon after the outbre.k. Yet the whole building and all the properties it contained weripooeinmed. The precautiousand thegreataunnual outlay Wroved ineffectual in the hour of danger. The bulldiing umay he fairly 4tated at the present rnoent, for all purposes of usefdlnesa, to be Without one stone left upon another. 31any of the proprietary are in s. condition bordering on runl, while the renters. who were entitled to nlrmities and certain privileges, will now get neither one nor the other. 2h1s are £150,000 worth of a property, which may be called National, scrfficed in a fe hours without the slightest hope of its being reinatated. the cataatrophebringingruin to several persons, and serious loss tornany others There maybedilferences of opiuion respecting the rederection of the theatre, but I treat it simply as a pile of prop rty.which. having beendeetroyedwhiIeuninsuredLe, nnot bereinstate It isapart afthesam spiritwhichleares two-thirds of the property of thecountry uninsure. In the vicinace of every one of thu sblareholders I am now addessing are many to whom a fire would bring irretrievahle rain. 1Z i3 to such as these that the consequences of the destruction of Covetugarden Theatre should forciblr appeal. There mre many who trust to thier precautions against fire, or to their hones of saving a Vortiorof theirpropertyincase of accident. They neglect insurance, -c they insure insufficiently. floes experience ever show that precationt is safety, or that the hope of the preservation of property is. 1felfrd in the sequel2 There is no safety but in inturance. It is comienfatiouforloss-notpreservation of property from iire-that alone can be relied on. lt may be said that isurance is expensive, but soisloss. Oftwoevilsitiswisdomto choosetheleast. Ifweyn3ylcse £100 i 12 months, it seems but a very tritling matter to pay 5s. to 45ecure a perfect recompense. Yet how many are content to play the amequal game, and prefer the continual risk of ruin ra-her than incur the certain expenditure of a few pounds per annum. It may be -statedthat inthe case of "Covent Garden" the prenmiumatwhich in. -annce offices could have accepted the risk would have been so high a3 to inYvoVe a very considerable expenditure. But the house which wasv burnt down in 1038 was insured for475.000. And the amount paid annually for the four firemen, who proved useless to avert the catas- ophe, orto save any portionof the proerty, would have secured a .tiividend of 29 per cent, to these who have n losteverything. But if it be the element of expense which leaves so much property imsurd, does it net appear m onstro us that Government should liecom e an accessory to the ruin entailed upon the uninsured, by the I tienvy duty which it supwerafds to the rates necessary to cover the insuance? Ilad "Covent Garden" been fully insured, Govermuent 'would have demanded £150 per annum, in addition to the premins nequiredfoytheoffices_ Even in theinsurance of some warehouses , and ed8 per annum are seueradded-by the Govement that gives meitherpriiegenor advantage-to the amount of premium paid to the oficewhich secures indemnification from los. In the case of minor insurances, the insurance duty appears more indefensible, becausethe amount demamded by the Goverument ou the insurance is so ridiculously in excess of the premium required by the insurance -ofive to cover the risk. For instance, aman whoinsuires abuifldingfor .£1e,O0msyparthe incuranceoffEceannuallyl5s. fle will havetopaythe 4GovernmentZ0s. Sothat if therewere noGovernmeitsluty hisinsuranco would cost him ISs. By the obnoxioustax of the bovernment he is znade to pay 45s. per annum. If we were to descen llower in the scale of insurance the same reslt would be found Arm the effect of this lpohibition in to le-ave two-thirds of the property of the United King.dom uninsured, and to bring rain on many of those visited by the calaSnityo ftire. Progresa of the Unity Associations. It wil be perceived that the new business which is weeklly dowing in -exhibitsanincrseaoverallthathasyetbeendone. This is the more .zratifying as it shows how the principles of the Associations are appreciteat by the public. It was asserted that, though we were doing so large a business, it was merely among our own connexions, that we ,nhould soon exhaust the field, and be unable to nisintain the large -sanial amount of insurance which we at first effected. Unquestion-ably the Associations have derived a great impul-e from the business of their shareholder,, hut it is firom the puiblic they are reced the gre.teramoentof newbuuiness6anditisto the pullic that the Thti-tutions must look for that great and permanent prosperity they hope to attain, 2rewBcainess of the Unity Fire Office during the past Five Meonths, from September29, ISS, to February 29. 1856. Dates. 7urmber of New Policies. Insuring in Amount. -October, 1855 .. 910 £606,762 -November. 18SS 1,705 997,897 3cember 1855 . 557 310,995 annary. 1856 1,029 973,497 :Yeb.uay 1 .. 971 63S493 Total% 5,172 Z£3.527,574 From this table it willbe seen that the new business during the past dye mouths consists of 5,172 policies, insuring 43.527,574: giving an averge ot 1.034 policues insuring £705,514 monthly, and an average of 112,408 policies insuring £8.466 168 annually. plicies Iffectedinthe Unity Fire froathe commencement to 29th of February, 1856. s Date. lJumJr Amount _ate. I_ .e_effect e d. (sl Quarter, ending 24th December. 1852 .. 450 £22S,S60 _d ending 24th Mach. 1853.. .. 9S2 552,162 . ending 23d June. 1153 .. .. 1,0S7 622.070 ;th , , ending 28th September, 1853 .. 175 99 3,202 5th ,, ending 24th December, 1853 .. 2.116 1,420.932 fth ,, ending 24th March, 1854 2,86 20865 7th ,, ending --Id 3ue. 185s . 31,262 2479,06 .' , ending 28th September, 1l4 .. 1,861 1.442,395 5th , , ending 24th December. 365 ... 3,296 2,435,994 -atw ,. ending 24th3farch 1855.. .. 3,134 2,392,112 31th ,, ending 23d June. 1855 .A.. .. 244 1,493,805 11th ending 28th September, 155 ,, 1.9S5 1,234,575 =I . ending 24th December, 185 .. 3.172 1,915.65 Jauary and Feoruary, 1856 (two months only) 2,000 1.611,920 Totals .. .. .. .. 9427 40.911,072 ThIs ta'ble shows the progresetve increase of the As,sociation froma the .cOmmencemren. Inlittlemore thanthree years 30,427 po!icies have been efected, insuring nearly e2I0.00.CO worth of property. Comparative Increase of Each Years Business, from the commence. mentto the present period:- Iacrease o-er the preNumber of t vious Year. Data. PolEcies Amoun Effected. Insured, Number o Amount ______________ ~~~~Policies. Insured. Istyear.ending2SthSep- tember, ISZ3 .. .. .. 4,277 2,391,996 - - 2dyeaw,r euding2MthSep- tember, 154 .. .. .. 10.10T 7.425,01S 5,30 5.029,024 Sdyear. ending23thSep- tember, 155.. .. -. 10,371 7,556.455 764 128,468 ,4thyear,essdc23thSep- tember. 185.. .. .. 12,408 8,466,168 1,537 909,662 Eastimated by the b15ines effectedhithepast fi7e months.) This comparative table will prove that the business of the ofdice is Xhoroughly progressire. It disproves altogether the assumption that thelVebusiness effected is gained from the proprietors alone, To nome ot the shareboldersithis assumption requires no argument to invalidate. They kinew howr little they have done, individually, to brng6 -their interest to bear upon the office. There are certainly very many of Ihe sabreholders who understand the associative and mutual charace of the Institution, and do a11 in their powver to ad vance its success. Had the Sara spirit animated the whole proprietary. £4i,.000,000 or £30,0a2.80Qw ouldhavebeenaow the amount of property insured in Ibis ofie. T'he ropr5etors vonlddowreli to remember thattheyareaslringao iloey ee or e,inducethibr friteinds t°o insure in the Unity. Theprintuplesof the Instituttis - are such thatthe advantage to the insurer is at once mtdeapraresat Advantagea to Insurers in the Unity. 1. Comnplete seculrity affordedby thousands of shareholders, wrhose s.amesa3ndnddrer_ea are published. 2. Thepronipt andliberal settlement of every claim. 3. A dirsion of two-thirds of the profits, thus eventually moset mate,is1yredncing the premium. These air the principles brougcht promrinently and continualy before :he publi wrhich esabledthe wUnity Eire. at the end of 1a5 after two rears' existence only, to surpats 22 other Londen,ouices, hmin made ies eybus'e.nss for lSu aimrlhon Wndsa hah more than thatofthe Sun, mnduplweds of four millions and a hlf abotte that of any other metro. 3soiton ie ompany.ri Progress o' the Unity General. The life bunessnoe bei geodected by the Unity General is probably .thouteprecedent. Duringbtheptest fourweeks nolessth3n51 pro 3. adss on lives have come before the poard,s for the most part free frem Ian brsinesst Newr Life Business, From January 1,13SS, to February 29,1356. BusinessProposed. Business Completed. Months. j of oent oof Amount I Anual Pro o P~r oi- Assured Premiums. posal.s 3 |c thereby.1 thereon. Aieurs. trcy aajr. ISSSM ,, 100 39.948 65 19,350 61 6 3 ebruury, ,, . 130 36,150 101 27,216 835 10 4 larch. . 167 3,650 141 33.000 913 17 6 pr;;, ., *, 147 46,025 l11 31.8S0 9S 0 3 aS " ' 187 72,260 106 39'810 1,193 0 8 ore'. >, '', } 115 43.950 106 27,150 609 6 8 u | 107 S6 0 109 3r250 I,2 16 6 .4=3t. " .. 1 123 79t39~~30 103 4 ,501'980 eptmber. ' .t132 49.S7 95 33.2SS 1'I IQ__ _ ciober. n , 9 3i6io lD9 17,2 136 1U oveu;ber, ,. IN .29 42.2U0 98 29,1 1,066 13 6 9 .2325 S9 22,753 6D8 2 9 13,03>i6 . . I 4014 05 I04 '3,036 94614 3 ebruary, . . . 151 50,800 11O 26,20 843 19 1 Totals.. . ! ,81,6 63,558 14 I 442,527 F I84 9 These toblse3libitthelife business effetedhy the Unity Genera, niDmF the pl4montbh consistingof 1,485 polices, asuring 527 d grving new] remium income of £14184 4s. 9d, I havefrequently taken occasin'to invite Yourattention to the peat lranutagr derived from gathering the iMnuences already attamea, idbrlnntbh to bear in other cbannels. It will be remembered, tst olt account a the peat power and iniluen_ce attained by theIni ire, it ws determined to use that power and influence in frrnin_ e Uinity GeneraL. This latter wras to absorb the business of the Ibaalard," and takre vucha 03tion itbeftat it would again react iouthe U nity Fi.- and from tnewclrhannein of buswiness createsibrinlg It bcChpDoweraQndbuioess. The following comparative tabl will olwtheflrtyesrsresultofthiscoore It proves the soneldneso of ep,roposal. and shows incontestably the pwv.er whbich is ganUed by the sociat.cu of several influens I have thrown this table together for e sake of com-'sion The tmrst four years are the business of the Trafalar ~'ttme ssequent E:gire5 showv the immensely increased wer ainedw in the fiSth yerby the establishmlent of the Unity sueral: IDmprative Table showing the Incrae of Life Bulsiness in the Unity Perid. ~ No. of Amounmt ProuinAg in | iE lIE d.|Anud rethe * year ending.ov., 1851 .. 325 £9,83;3 022 15 9 .. ' ,. .. ' 1852 . . 567 196,8f3 X ,:31 1 7 ,, ,, , 1853 .. 623 266,460 8, 15 2 1 ; , l5 1 85 .3. 573 193,370 ,16013 7 1 1. 11 18559 . . 1,247 38,333 12T5 5 2 Totals .. ..l 3,335 1,140,809 I £36,80 I1 3 . thus appears that in the fearth year of the business of the "Tra. -ar."fSl3 policies were effected,givingan average of llpoliciesweekly. thefirzt yearof theUnity General 1,247policies were issued, giving avferage of 24 polices wveekldy. The present average is 30 iverely, cbn vrsy large and increasing business proves the popularity of the cipaie oftheUtnity General, ful infermatien on vich vilbe found tha prospectuses of the association, and sho vs hov; eximor-Enarij accessionx of power acts on the extension of business. The oteraton -his principle of aasociatingninfuenceswillnow0be further teveloped the Unity Joint-tock3utul Banking Association. The sharelst he Batnicasbeenx closedfor monz ths. The deed bhs been subscribed tisecoumnencing epitalof£.300,00hy549 shareholders, by whom pal5s0 .bory£ther shrehavebeenVpid Up, It isneither,thererowmincofgcapital, from weant of completionof2he deed, nor non ayes tch lommncdhbusines.heptrhincip7les of the}3B,n$t have been .led to the satisfaction of the tawofficera of the Crowvn; the deedhas a nspa bythe Bosedof Trade; and the charterof the t7nity Bank 'owrpssing from depariment todepartment, with mo other delay a is re'suired for the due compliance with the formalities prescribed the law, 'o tme Unity Insurance Asociations the openlng of the Bmak- is a Temeotof intense importance. Ithisbeen shown hew the Unity e and the Unity General act and re-act on each other, and how each evsion o! influence ha led to an immediate and consequent accesX of business. Both these Institutions have already derived inMedismportanc, power,aandbusinerssfrom the Unity.Bankduring sta4Lsshment. Its openinwill ncreas ten-fold those advantages. e3il rather comnexions which woould probably never have been aere4 by other means. It wYilt reduce their expenditure and in"ustheir ptublUdty. It Wil draw attention to their principles, and renh them by ita own results; and whfleit wiU enailo both to an a greater dignity ansd importance, it will luad to economy and pctness in their ma ent. I conchasion. I have only to urge upon the shareholslers and in- habiw greatlythey are interestednthe proeperity ef tho lIstitu. and liowr uc they may do to secure it. The aplmroach of taer quarter, whel so many insurances a-re effacted eads me to Suep5 all the con-exions of the Association tlb t they will secure a of these as sble for their own Institution. It need caueo re no trmnble at all; one )ine to the agent of the dititnct, or to the lodfic. woul seure every attention. lYiwg Oa this exertion of yoer iafluence, I am, dcar Sir, yours trul , 2THOAS H. .BAYLIS, Managing Director, rdonAIU FIRE INSURACESOCIETY.- -Tobe OLD aE 2, 6. pr har, 10 HAREIi iii the above urpsa hic If. Oer hac ha ben pid,apply J. W., 71. i E~~~'~ OFFICE, Csnnorn-xtret, J~IEDCAL, E(iAL and ENER LMUTUAli LAWLIFE AS-SURANCE OFIE,Fee-treet, Liondo 6th Mlarch. 1856-Notice ihebygvntatthe Taybl Non 1oda, Kihe Wihlday of Arilee xt, andon- anyusubsequen da,bewe theboors of 10M adesrpir 3fo'clck. Halfthe mmul prmBy orer ofd u the Dirctrs One-hir ma re~;-on . SA _E n O Std Actuyarg. No.1, Kng Illam-tret du ansIon-houle o city. REndowmsent assurancesf, payable at 50, 85, 60, &c. Loans to asumrer on personal or other security. 80 er ent ofproits go to assurers ona the honus scae. The lasbt bous av.eraged 53 Per cet uthe premniims ld. ORWiCTHO U-NION LIFE IINSURANCE, Prcsident-LieuL-Gea_ SirRH.J. HrARVEY, CX. Secretary--Sir Samuel Bignold, 3i P. This Society in 47 years hasi issued 29,344 lifopolices. Plaid in claims upwards of 4:4,431,044 and asaigned £I,9K4342 in bonuises The accumulations now amount to nearly £2,200,000. Its premaiums are lower than those of nmoBt companies, and all the profits are divided armong the assured. For prospectuses apply at Surrey-street, iNorwich, and 6, Crescent, -1New Bridge-street, Blacakfriars. London.- -LIAMILY ENDOWMENT LI~FE ASSURANCE L' and ANN-UITY SOCIETY, 12, Chatham-place,. Blackfrlars, London: establishedM13. COjts £50000. OTORS. WILLIAMI BUTTERWOR,TH BAYI,EY, Faq., Chairman. JOHN FULLER, Esq., Deguty-Chairinan. Malor Loe Iurrougba I CYisries HenryLatouche, Req. Robert Bruce Chiceter, Req.. Edward Lee Esq. D). i6L Gordon, Rs.ColonelJ. ~W. J. Ouseley ideut.-CODL IL:B enero I Joshua Walker, Rsq. An annual bonus is allowed to. parties whLo have made live annual Payens o pliiestaenout on the profitwsale. That for thecurret Tho extensive asrnebsns fteAr and United Serice lBank has be rnfre oti fie n the Society has branch establsmnso gnce tClut,Madra, B3ombay, andAgm. ~~~JOHN CA2ENOVE, Secretary. 1IETOFOLITAN LIFE ASSURANCE ..L TRL SOCIETY, 3, Princes-streethBnk The Directors hereby give notice, to members who-le PREMIUMS fail due on the 5th April next, that the same must he PAIl) within 30 days from that date. Th'e premiums are paid yearly, half-yealiy. or quarterly, on the 5tlr of January. 5th of April, 5th of July, anid 5th of October, either of -which sev-eral days constitutes the commencement of the year to members. Persons, therefore desirous of entering the Society as members on the 5th of April next should appear or lodge their proposals at the office on or before that day. This Society, for mutual and general assurance, appropriates the whole of its profits to the benefit of_parties assuring their own lives for the whole term of life as neinbers of the Society. For the year ending the 5th of April, 1856. an abatement of 51 per cent. has been declare on the premiumns of all members of five years' standng an upwrds. ENRYMAIISHI&L, Actuary. N.B. Reolved,this 10h of Sptember 1855,that, duLring the preseint war evry ersn asurd, rtobe ssued,asa member or otherwise, I1 MPERIAL FIRE OFFICE, I, Old Broad-s-treet, I ~~~~and 16 and 17, Pall-mall. DIRECTORS. AUGUSTU7S HENRY BoAQIT . q,Chrmn JAINES BRAND, Req.,DeuyCaran Thomas George Barclay, Fsq. I ane MidEd.sq. James Christian Clement Bell, James Gordon Mlurdoch, Faq. Esq. IJohn Horsley Palmer, Req. Charles Cave Rsq. IHenry James Prescott, Esq. Duncan Dunisar, Faq. William, R. Robinson, Faq. Geore Fil.Rq Johni Scott, Flq- Archibald Hastie, REsq., ML. atnTcker bSmitb, Esq., MYP. George Hibbert, Fsq. Newman Smiith, Esq. Samuel Hibbert, Req. Alexander Stewar, Fa.,ad William Lyall, Feq. Richard Twinig, jun., Faq EX-DIR OCTORS. Robert Cooper Lee Revan, Esq. I Henry Davidson, Req., and Gecrge Henry Cutler, Eaq. I Claude Neilson, Esq. AUDlITORS. Thomas Newman Hunt, Req. I Frederick Pattison. Esq., an3a Sir John Kirkland ISir Charles Rugge Pie Ri-MlFk%A_udito-Edward HenryC Chapman, Faq. Notice is hereby given, that insurainces which expire at Lady-day should be renewed-vithin 15 days therefrom, or tkLey become void ; and thatreceipts for such renewals are now ready fer delivery at the. offices in London, and with the repective agents for the Company throughout the United Kingdom. P. MILKER, Accountant, DECLARATION of BONUS.- QDYAL EXCHANGE ASSURANCE OFFICE, -LjLno aur 85 TeGTmr n Directors have to announce toleod oI o eefceontthe sstem of partlcptoiprofits otebthe C~orrationin December, 184, that a second septennial bonus has been dreclared in respect of the surplus realied on that accunt, Such bonus attaches to all Policies-effected subsequently to 184 for the whole term of life, on the pat'Icipting scale of premum-which were subsisting up tothe closeoo the ,3 d of Dweebr, 1855, and oa which three or more annual premiuma ha then been pad. The follown Tbesosteamount of Rteversoary Bnsadded to Brts oliso 4yaa tnigfor the smo£100each. Ae Addition FutePr Cent. Per Cent. whn made in AdNition in Total Per Annum on the Aured. 121. 185 Addition, on the Sum Piremium Assured. Paid. £ £ 50 102 112 214 1-13 59.5 35 106 115 221 L58 50. 40 113 121 254 1-67 50.5 45 12 12 249 L-78 48.2 530 115 140 270 L9S 43.0 55 140 154 303 2.15 393.9 60 166 174 340 1 2.43 1 37.2 Equivslentreductions have been made in the annual premiums pay,able by thope uns who preferred that form of bonus. The future d£ffons of profit will take place every five years Any sum not exceeding £15,000 may be inswred on the, same life, This Corporation afferds to the assured a liberal 'Participation in rofits. with exemption firom the liabilities of partnership ; a rats of n us equal to the average returns of miutual societies, with. the guarantee of a large invested enapinta stock- ; the advantages of modern pratic, iththuseuriy f a ofic 'wosereouscahave been Fireandmarne ssuancs ae gantd olibrniterms. Tabes f pemim ad oherparicuarsmay be obtained at the chif ofic oftheCororaion intheRoyl Echange, london ; a, tIr brnchoffce,29,Pal-mal; r fom heagents appointed in the JOHN A.HIGHAM,Actuary and Secretar-y. CILERGY MUULASSUR ESOCIETY. JOffice. 3.1lroad Sanctuary, Westminster, (near the w,est entrace, toWeutminster Abbey.) Fatablished int182. PATRONS, His Grace the Archbishop of CA.NTERBURY. His Grace the Archbishop of YOItK. President-The Right Hon. and Right Rev, the Lord Bishop of LONDON. THOSTRF£. The Bishop of London I The BishopoWicetr Theo Bishop of Durham. I Po icetr VICE-PRFSIDEIj'r. The Bishops of both Provinces The Archdeacon of Canterbury. TXhe Dean of Cernter8b, o RFRENE The Archbisops of Canterbury and York The Bishops of Iondon. Durham,. and Wlnche3ter. DIRECTORS. Chairman-The Ardbdeacon of LON'DON. Deputy-Caima-F. L. WOLLASTON. Req., 31-A IEv;.T S. IL. Anderson, li.A. Christopher Hodg5o q,1L Mir F. Anstrobus, art. ILA Rev. Johin Jennings~, &A. Rev. G1. B. Blomfield, ~IA Rev. JohnLoUtte, ALA. Te Dean of Bristol. The Dean of Linooln. RevLH W. Browne, B1-A. Rev. Henr Mackenzie, 3LA. Rev. A. 31 Camapbell, M-A. The Archadeaconof -Maidstous, The Dean of Chichest-er, The Dean of Manchester. Richard Clarke, Esq. Rev. Ryan Nepean, liLA. IRev. W. H. Dickinson, AL-A. W. F. Page, Esq., M-D. N. B. Edmonstone. Esq. Rev. William Stone, M.LA. The Archdeacon of asEex. Charles Sumner, Esq., M.A. Rtobert Few, Faq. Rev. William. Webster, 11-A. Rev. Temple there, liLA. Rtev. S. C. Wilks, ILA. Rev. J. D. Cllermie, M.A. The Archdeacon of Winchester. Solicitors-Messrs. Lee and Bolton, 2, Broad Sanctuary, Westminster. Bankers-Messrs. Couitta andCo. Consulting Actuary--CharlesAss Faq, IF.H.S. Physician-Dr .Babingten, 31, Georgestreet, Haover-squnare, Secretary-Rev. John Hodgson, M.A. Assistant Secretary-William Wlebb, Faq. A-ssurncesmay be effected onlives 51raorshi8bP.kC',;t0 anyamo1nt not exc,eedingz £5,000, by clernen, bythevwives-, widows,andhlde~n of clergymen, by the neartionset clergymnen,andalsoofthewives Of clergymen, The principle of the Society is that of pure mutual assUranCe. There are no proprietors, and the protitsare the sole pro- pty of the 2assurd, and are divisible among them every AilM year. A division of proflitswill be due on the 1s of June, 1856. The amount now assured upon life in the Society is upwards of £2,400,000; the annual income of the Societv is upwards of £96,000; and the totalcapital of theSociety,inTestedintse names of the Bishops of London, Durham and Winchester, is upwards of £61,()0. Propecuises to be had at the office of the Society, and applications mnade to the Assistant Secretary as above. F]PE LONDON ASSURANCE, incorporated by LRoyal Charter- of His Miajesty King George the First, A.-D. 1720, for Ijfe. Fire, and Mlarine Assuraces. Offices--Head office, 7, Royal Exchange, CornhMl w. est endj ofaice, 7, Pall-mali. SAMiUEL GREGSON, Ran., II.P., Governor. JOHN ALVES8 ARBUTHNOT, Esq., Sub-Governor. JOHN ALEXK HLANKIFY, Esq., Deputy Govemor. DIRECTIORS. Nathaniel AIezander, Faq. G. R. Griffiths, a. Richard Baggalley, Faq. DiiO Gtre, Faq. George Barnes, Req. Edywad Hlamage, Fq HEenry orenans Eax, Req. Louis Hoith, Faq. James Blyli,=a. Wfiiam King, Faq. J. Watson BeralIe, Fsq. Charles Lyall, Esq. Edward Burmester, Esq. John Ord, Req. Charles Crawley, Esq. David Powell, Esq. Williamn Dallas, Esq, P. F. Robertson, Fzq., MYP. BonasDbree, jun., R-sq. Alex.TLrotter, Faq. Harry Gerge Gordon, Rsq. Thomas Weeding, Esq. Edwin Gower, Esq. Lostoek Peach Wilson, Req. Actuary-Peter Hardy, Esq., P.R.S. Wesft end Office, 7, Pall-mall. Committee.-Two liembers of the Court of Directors in rotation, ame Henry Kingscote, Faq., and Johin Tidd Pratt, Fzq. Supexintendent-Phillip) Scoones, Fzq. Tare Teprtmnt ime Department. This Corporation has granted Assurances onI Lives fora period exceding 130 reas, having issued itsfirt policy on the 7th June, 1721. Twvo-thirds, or 65 per cent., of the entire profits are given to the assured. Policies may be opened under any of the following plans, viz. At a low rate of premium, without participation in profits, or at a sOmewhathigherrate, entitlingtheassured. either afterthefirstfiveyears to an annual abatement of premium for the reniainder of life, varying in amount with thesuccess of each year, or, afterPayment of the irt premimn, to a participation in the ensuing quinQuennial bonus. Series 1531. The abatement for the year 1856 on the annual premiums of persons who have been assured under " Series 1831" for five years or longer, is upvwards of 31 per cent. "' Series I186." Declaration of Bonus. The Governors and Directorshave to announce that the second quinquennial distribution of profits, under "Series 1846,n has bern completed up to the 31st of December, 185S. and a Tery satisfactory bonus declared thereon, Such bonus attaches to all policies efrected from the Ist of January, lS-i6. to31slt of December. 18SS. The following table, including the addition made in 18S, exhibits thae tdotalamount ofreversionary bonus added to policies of 10 years' Age when Sufm As- Total amount Total Per Cent, on Pre iured. sured. Of Premium"s Bnus. miums paid. Paid. 30 1000 253 170 67.1 40 IOO1 325 157 57.5 50 1000 452 193 42.6 60 1600 661 218 32.9 The haraster and standing of this Corporation, maintained during nearly ai century and a half, guaranteed to the public a full and faithful declaration of profits. The Corporation bears the whole expenses of management, thus giving toS theassured (conjoined with the protection afforded by its corporate fund) advanages equal to theos of any system of mutual Premiumas may be paid yearly, half-yearly. or quarterly. All polices are isued free from stamp duty, or from charge of any description whateyer, beyond the prermium. The attention of thu public is espeeially called to the great advantages offered to life aures by the Legislature in its recent enactments, by whichit wlibe found that, to the extent of one-sixth of income, life prawniumaam noc subjectto incoetx. The fees of medical refeeres are paid by the Corporation. Annuitiesare granted by the Corportion, payable half-yearly. Eyery facility wil beogiven for t le transifer or exchange of policies for leans thereon, or any other suitable arrangementwiU beina. f fo the convenience of tho assured. Prospectuses and all other informaticn may be obtained by elthw a, writteWorp ernual appliction to the offices as above: MITRE GENERAL ILIFE ASSURA_CE.- Every description of life Sarance effecte.-23, Pall-m4 L- d ndo. W. BRIDGES, Secretary. -LANGLISH and FORtEIGN LIEFE ASSURANOB J 135, Oxford-street-LtOANS to PoUcy-boldenx for twroor thrZ =ty per cent., on personal security, repayable by quarterly A iftlments. BO.NUS Ek7f1sNG 1856i- TLONDON MUTUAL tIFE and GUARANTEE .,.63, Xoorgteatreet.-At the division of rofits on the 2d of July, a BO?.US wsDECI.ARED averaging 29j percen,t. on premiums paid, or a reduction of 27 percent. from the annnapeen . miuma until next bonus. GBOltGE WflSsof, Cairman VROTEOTOR ENDOWMENT, LOAN and AN- J NUITY (CoSIPANY, 3t ing-street. CheaPside Londo. LifeA.unitiesin every form on favourable terms Interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per a.num on temporary deposits. Loans on approved personal or realsecurityiconnoxlonwlthlife policies. JOHN B ADNELL, Manager. C1OVEREIGN LIFE OFFICE, 49, St. James's- vv street, London. founded 1So TBUS1 ES. The Earl Talbot B. Bond Cabbell, l!sq, ,P 8ir Claude Scott Bart, I Henry Pownall, 5Seq." This Company ofbers-The secrity oGf large paid-up capital; mode. rate rates of premium; exemption from allother carges. H. D. DAVMPORT, 8cc. TE GENERAL LIFE and FIRE ASSURACE COMiPANY: established 1837. Euiowered by Spedal Act of Iarliament. 62. King William-street, Len on. Lor rates, and the Payment of polices guaranteed by a capital of ioans from £100 to £1,000 advanced on personal security and the deposit of a lifle policy. Such loan, ybe ntre eb A yeryinstalments. TEOMA;P RII ecretry SIXTH DIVISION of PBOFITS. C LERICAL, MEDICAL, and GENERAl LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY, 99, Great useell-street, Blooab , London. Special Notice.-AIa persona who assure ou the participating ale refore June 30, 1816.will be entitled to ashareof the sixthbonus, Whiuch will bo deLclared in the Januanryollowig Proposals should be forwarded to the ofice before the lst< June next. The ThirtY-first Annual Report jtust issued) can be obtained of the Society's agents, or of GEORGE H. PINCKABD, Resident Secretary. QURETIES NOT REQUIRED.OANS on per- k sonal security froa £10 upOards are made to Governmentofficia.ls clerk and otizera, by the LONLON DEPOSIT and LOAN COMPAhLyi 356, Straud. For the public convemience the offices ame kept open on Tuesday and Saturday evenings til 8 o'clock. Prospectuses and forms on application to ROBERT STEEPS, Manager. L OANS GRANTED in connexion with life as* suranceh y the WELLII7GTON ANNUITY and LIFE AS upon the usriaf t.rns. Forms of applicationt to be obtained at the head offico, 3, Chathsan-place, Dackfriars, London. Every kind of 3ife and annui6y 'business transacted. Half credit policles issued. February, 1856. CHARLES W. ROli; Secretary. ]TS ~~CITYBAN 2, Royda Rgxchange-buildings. Si BOBEBLT WAlLCABDgS, Alder uan hairmzan. Interest allowed on the monthly minimum balances of current accounts. 3Money received on deposit, the present rate of interest being £5 per cent, A. J. WHITE, Manager. TRAVELLERS GOING ABROAD.-Tho London JL oint Stock Bank GRANTS OIRCULAR LETTERS of CREDIT, combiningaaU the advantages of circular notes, with perfect security to the bearers, upon thejirincipal towns of tho continent of lurope, America, and India Head offioe, Prinoestreet, Mansion-house; Western Branch, fBe, PaU-a-ml1. GEO. POLLARD, Manager. C IRCULAR 1NOTES.-UNION BANK of I OlNDON.-CIRCULAR NOTES (value £10 and upwards, free of charge for stamps) and LETTERS of CREDIT, payable at all the unc'pal cities and t wns of Europe and elsewhere, are issued at the lead office and branches, as follows, vi7. :-Head office, 2, Princesstreet, Mlansion-hoitse; Regent-street Branch, Argyll-place - Charingcross Branch, 4, Pall-mali east; Temple-bar Branch (temporary office). 200, Fleet-street W. N. SCRI[MGEOUI, Manager. QOUTH AUSTRALIAN BANKIN'G COMPANY, k incorporatud by Royal Charter. 1847.-The Court of Directors GEANT tERS of CREDIT and RTTBTL upon the Company's Bank, Adelaide, at par. Appro-eed drafts negotiated and sent for coUlection. Business3 ith all the Australian Colonies conducted through the Dank's agents, Apply at the Company's offices, 54, Old. Brood-sreet, London. London, 1stMarc. 1046.WvILIAM^3 PURDY, Manager. _W ST MVIETROPOLITAN BA . Capital £300,0. in 3,000 shars of£100 each, of which ha only will be called up. Deposit £10 per share, payable on aUotment. Bankers-The City Bank, 2, Royal Exchange-buildings. Brokers-Messrs. Carden and Vhitebead, 2, Reyal Exchange-buildings. * Solcitors-1e& rs. Fearon and Clabon. 21, (reat George-street. Temporary Ollices-31, Parliament-street. Applications for shares may be made to the brokern orbankersm TORRINGTON, Chairman. DEPOSIT BANK, Leicester-place, Leicester-square. D ~~~~~~Establisbhed 1847. Dtposits in sums of notiles than £1 aereceived, whichmayboadded to from time to time, and bear interest at £5 per cent. per annum. Depositors for two, three, or more years are alowed £6per cent. per acnum Bills are cashed anid advances made to responsible persons, in sums ninlg efrom. £20 to £1,000, repasable within tihree month,, or by instalments within a year. B W. SEALE, Manager. BANK of LONDON, Threadneedle-street, and , ohaximg-cross Chairman-Sir JOHN VILLIERS SHEILEY. Bart, M.P. Vice-Chairman-JOHN GRIFFITH FRITE, Fsq. Current-accounts are received and interest allowed on bal nces, £5 per cent. interest in at present allowed on deposits, witht 10 days' notice of withdrawal, onusumsof £10 and upwards. By order, MIATTHEW MAtsHALL, Jun., Manager. BENsJAMIN SCOTT, Secretary. Threadneedle-street, March 2Q0 .15. OTICE is hereby given, that an APPLICATION Nhas becn made to the Queen's Most ExceLent Majesty in Council. by petition, praying the grant of Her Majesty's Boyal CHARTER fo incorporatin:g a Companjy for the purpose of establishing a Bank in London, carrying on bauklng business in the Turkish dominions, and for conferring upon the shareholders in suieh Company limited liability and ,,ther privileges: and that the said application has been referred by Her Majesty to the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantation. BIRCHAM, DALRPYMPLE, and DRAKE, 46.Psrllament-street, Westminster. Solicitors to the Company. rTHE LONDON aud WEzTMINSTERBANKissues IJ CIRCULAIt NOTES of £10 each, payable at every important place in Europe These notes are isued without charge, and they are cashed abroad, free of conmmission The Bank also issues.free of charge, letters of credit on all thv principal cities and towvns in Europe. The letters of credit are iLsued only at the head offlce, i Lothbury. The circularnotes may he obtained at the head-office, inLothbury;or at any of the branches, vi . Westmilster Branch, 1, St. Jamees-squsre. Bloomsbiry Branch, 214, High Htolborn. Southwark 13ranch. 3. Wellington-street, Borougb. Eastern Bran,ch. 87, High-street, WhitechapeL Mlarylebone Branch, 4, htrattord-place, Oxford-street. Temple-bar Brauch, 217, Strand. The rate of interest allowed on deposits of £100 and upwards at the bank or any ot its branches isnow S per cent. J. W. GILBART, General Manager. 1)EMOVAL.-1ETROPOAITAN and GENERAL L F,REEHOLD LAND SOCIETY.-Notice is herebygiven, that the BUSINESS of the Society will, onTueaday, 25th harch instant, be REMOVED from No. 1. Ironmonger-lane, Cheapside, to the Soclety's rew offices, No. 58 Fenchurch-street. Mtarch 20, ISSS. D. D . WHTE. Secretary. -ONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY.- Jl The Direntors are desirous of receiving TENDERS for LAMPS for the insde of their omnribuses, for Supplying Oil and Cotton, and Cleausing the same. Teuders, with samp e lamps. to be addressed to the undersigned. A. G. OHUR(,U Secretary. 454, West Strand. T'hUSTON IRON ORE COMPANY.-Tho Diree- - torsarepreparud to receive TENDERSfor aPAIRof BLAST ENGINES, specifications of which may be seen at the Com any's offices, between the hours of 10 a.m. and I pm., up to the 31st of March inclusive. The Directors do not bind themselves to accept the lowest tender. THOMAS NURSE. Secretary. Wrllington-chambern, Cannon-street, London, March 19. 1016. D USTON 1RON ORE COMIPANY.-The Direc. tors arepreparedtoreceidve'TEN-D)I for T E COB.NISH BOILERS, specifications of which may be reen at the Company's offices, betwreenthe hours of ll am, and4p.m.,up to the31st of Mrci inclusive. The Directors do not bind themselves to accept the lowest tender. THOMAS NURSE, Secretary. Wellngton-chauibers, Cannon-street, London, March 10, 1S56. ]OYAL SURREY-GARDENS COMPANY JIA,lMit,ed).-Provisisnally Registered&-Persons desirous of CONTRA IG to SUPPLY R EIRESHIENOTS in th eselardens may make proposals, stating their plans and offering terms, to tIe Secretary of the Company, at the offices, 25, Golden-square. By order, WILLIM I S, Secretary pro tem, Iiarcb 19. 18i. T ONDON GENERAL OMNIBUS COMPANY.- .iThelDirectorsare desirousof receivig TElNDERSfforthe SUPPLY of WATERPROOF APROINS for thebo and roof seats of their ornmibuSe, andforthe maintoe-nasnfceofethbesame in good condition. The bex apron to be8 feet by 4 feet. with four straps and buckles. Thereof seat aprons to be 8 feet by St feet, writh two straps and buc?sles. As somne ot the omnibuses re'anire tw o ro af aprons and Others only one it will be requisite for the tenders tobe made accordingly. Tenders to be asddressedto the undersigned, on or before the 29th inst. 4S. Strand, Stlarch 20,1036i. A. G. CHIURCH, Sec. P ATEiT SOLID SEyAGE MANURE OM- L PANY.-lotie is hereby given, that an EXTRAORDINARY GEN2i-ERALi MEETIN{G of itb Shareholders of this Company will be held at the office of the Solieitors, 1, CopLhail-buildngs, london. on Tuesday. the 8th day of April next. at 2 'clock precisely, to receive a report from the Directors, and to make or sanction arrangements respeclngihe grarting of licenses, the disposal and iurue of unappropriated shares, and other matters.-Dated this 20th day of MSarch, 1856. By order of the Boardi Signed .W YILSL FP. CO bE, Chairman. THS,i PHIPPS, Secretary. rl¶HE PERMANENT WAY COMPANY.-Extract L from the Report of Captain Douglas Galton, R.E., Socretaryto the Railway Department of the Board of Trade, on Railway Accidents for 1053, After referrlng to several cases of one class of accident, be says: In all these cases it is statet by the insPCting officer that the accidents wouldprobably not have occurredhadthe jointsof the rails been fished. The stabilityof the permanent way is one of themost important elements in the economical and safeworking ofaraliway, and to obtain this stability very great care should be lbetowed upon the joints of the raills. Oftheimnprovedjointsin usethe ishjoint appears to be one most largely adopted on narrow gauge lines, and tohnaTe proved very satisfactory." Lpicences to use the dab joint, of whlch thePermaaentWay Company are the sole proprietors and every information respecting various other highly important patents belonging to or worked by the Company, may be obtained upon apphcation to Charles 3May F.R.S., the Matia ger, or toWilliamn riordenw SeerettOi 2o, Great George-steret, Weatzminter. V rBO8UGHT and SOLD. Advances made thereon. Sales and pur. chases effected in British and foreign funds, railays, mine.. Le Apply to Messrs. Wilinrelt and Co_, stock and share delen.s, S8 014, Broad-street. I NSURANCE AIALGAMATION.-A well-esta; blfieed LIFE COPCE,havn, a.ood income and unburdened withoffcias, i aniou to MAL.AAATEwith another office of equlal standing. Any offle desiring thus to increase its strength can communicate confidentially ,ith,hlessrs. Edwards, Clerk, and Co., 2, Upper Wellington-street. Strand. * -_EIGATE BURIAL BOARD.-The Burial Board Lt fbr the parish of Reigate, in the county of Surrey, are desirous, subject to the approval of the Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury, of BORROWNG theSUM of £2,000,Payable by the Ist day of; MIaynext. Theloanwill beachargeuponthe future poor rates of the parish, andthe Board ar compelled bystatuteto pay in every year, in addition to the initerest, 1-20th of the prinipalC3. Parties wilig to tender for the above are requested t^ send sealed proposals to us, stating the amount of interest required, and the time at which the money will be ready. The Board do not bind themlselves to accept the lowest tender. By. order of thc Board, SbMITH and bORRISON, Joint Solicitors to the Board Reigate, Mlarch, 1816. of WORKS for the LIMEHOUSE an , comprising the parish of Limelsouse,the Hamlet of asdiff, a the parihes of Shadwel, and fWapping-Contract for Scavegers' lVork.-Notice is hereby given, that the Committeo for Panng, Lighting, &c., aill reet at the offlcesof the Board, White Horse-st3reet. Commercial-road east, on Monday the 31st day of MWarch. wiing to CONTRACT for SCAVENGERS' WORX and REMOVING DUST in certain parts of the district. Fmther particlam Inaybe known, and printed conditions and forms of tender obtained, upo application at ti;e said uffices between the hour of 10 and 4, The Board do not bind themselves to accept the lowest or any tender. No tenders wil be receive'1 fter the time specie,nor unless strictly iu accordance with the printed instructions. I3y order, THOS. W. LIATCLIFF, Clerk. March 20, 106. I RONMONGEPY and TIN GOODS.-Shippers and JLmerchants are iuforused that G. anid J. OLIVER. 281, Wapping, London, have added cons derably lo their improved machinery for manufacturing tin goods, whereby a great saving in the cost of manufacture is effectd. They make all descri,t!ons or mikpans, washliind, brasins, &c., in onio pice, 1':tblout soldlering. J_AMES LAURIE and Co., ironfounders, &c (ousin3nauc, Upper Themesstreet. London (Works, Glasgow ana Btewcastle), are makers of guns, mortars, shot and rbell, railway chaii andgleepers,girders,coliumns, taTnk plates, gwsandwaterpipes, andfire brick. A,seits for Knighti vood, Boghead, or Bathville cannel coa4ls Torbane mnderal. and, Summnerlee Oig irvu, Ff0 be SOLD, a bargain_ about 16,000 good BRICKS T and about 1.11 TIL . -t Ranri' p tent Apply ta MI. * RfAILWAY REFORMY.-Ysst.ern Counties Pro- -U-U. Perty in Peril-At a AMEETING of ~br Committee of the FalwaYProprictuirs Assocation, held th s,day, 58 -ras unaniimously rasolved, thlat an Eadtern Counties Radvral Dileac Commiittee be a!PPointed to consist of all memb>ers of tlw oinislttj of the Asiocationhoulding Eastern Counties Stock. andthatthe Csmmittee be empowered to inTite the co-operation0 ofEastern ComfstlkaSghareholders whether Memlbers of the Associatidnornot, and lbetrco-operationt is invited accordingly. B rlr A AIS himr 430. Wo*t Ltrand. march 20, is56, 1)AILWAYREFORMiV.-Eastera Couuties Rail- Liway.-The immtediate attention of the shareholders is ur- aently called to tho Bills now before Plarliamuent, bY which a cora-' plete indemnity is given to the Directors for all past deeds, right or wriong, and a power is vested in them to raise an iadditional £Rtl.000 on mortgage, witho,ut limitation of Interest, for the avowed purpose of lending it on Norfolk aud Eastern Union securities, which are only mnarketable ata sceat discun .or of expeniulg iton branch lines. Fowerz are alFosooght togsaddletheaharebolders with increaed liabilities for the Tilbury aud houthend lines, and the dividends on the ordiniLry stock wil he suspended if certain branches arenotcompleted: in fiye Years Petitions in both Housesi of Pariament against these Bills are in Preparatio~n, and wiU lHe for EtenaUReU at the ottices of tihe Association, ndt at oteplaces, of which duenotice willbe given. The Bils may be seen, and every information obtained, at the offices Of the Association. 430, West Strand, March 20,85.IZ " 'M MqChim Ted the of Nth~e EAS-TERX bave reevdpoyfpr rmteCommittee for promoting the eletio ofMmqs.He ps r.adWalters, and hare not yet returned which, ae = tupon = tred to do so. in order that the vtalue th .tms nubeio roxies is considerable, may be reoovered.i-March 20, 1856. I 1JASTERN~ COUNTIES RMLAVAY-.Tenden E24for Loans.-Tho Directors are prepared to rweeve MONEY ot LON,tpsy off debenture falling due, and to accept tenders for the sam, t 5per cent,.per annumn. Applications tobe made to theundersigned. B3yorder of thea Board,, Bishopagats Terminus. March IC &% J. B. OWEN, Secrtary. _E¶ASTER HOLYDAYS.-BRIGHTON. and BACK J4for Is. Sd.-4n EAster Sunday, andI Easter Monday. a TRAIN wilt leave London bridge Terminuis at 9.0 a.m., returning from Brighten at7?,lOp.m. Covered third clasas.6I. d.; second clas6s, o,6d. drst class 7s. 6d. FREDERICK SLIGHT, Secreta~ry. London-bridge Terminus, 1ONDON~ BRIGHTON, asicl SOUTH COS Li RAL AIr nEse udy ac 23, and on Easter Monday. Mach 24,and onevery ucceedng Sunay andMonday unt Il furter otie, (JRAPEXCItS(SNTRAN wll eave the LUndon-ridg terinusfor RIGHON a Oa.m., returning from thene at7.30p i. Faet :Firt clss~ s.6d. ; second class, ha. Sd. ; covredthid, s.Sd.Pasengrshavn~ ugggemust pay the regular London-bridge Terminos. , Secretary. C(IREAT WESTERN RAILWVAY.-Easter Holy- ,"days--CHEAP EXCURSION to SWINDON, Cirencester, Stroud. Glocester, and Cheltenham.-OaL Saturday, March 22, a TRAIN will leave Paddington.-at 6.30 ?.mn., returming on Monday, March 28,from Cheltenhama at 12 o'cloc noon,Glocesterl12.30 p.mx.. Stroudl o'clock ,.ui.. Cirencester 120 p.m., and Swindon at 2 p.m. Yare :--Swlndon, 7s. and 4s. ; Cireniceater and Strond, 9s. and Ss. Glooester and Cheltenhamn, 10s. and Gs. Ticketa not transferable, and only available for the trinin specified. EST EIND of LON'DON and CRYSTAL PFAW It AILWAY.-The Directersbeing anxious to prosecute the works of this line with increased activity, so as to open a considerable prtion of th. eeilway during the ensuing summer, are prepared to MSUE DEBEINTURES, bearing interest at the -ate of 6 per cent. per annum, for one, two, or three yeare to the extent of £100.000. being the amount authorized to be created under the powers of the Act of I.ncorporation. Applications for debentures to be made to the undersigned, at the offices of the Company, Gresham House, 24. Old Broad-street, city. - Grebam Huse.March 8, 1M.EDWARI) BELLAMY, Secretary. -F.ODONand NORTH-WESTERN RAILWAY. J -atrHulydays.-IlARCUS's. ANNUAL EXCURSIONS 0fromL2ONDO and ;ACK:To AverpolorWsarrington, oovere carriage 1s, firsle,,a,.PeW 2.ad40.;llnoetro Hudderafield, 20a,and 17s.;Bangor or Conway, 24s.aud42l.; Che.-ter, Ida. and 33s.. Stafford, 12a, and 122s. ; Ieamsngtoa ox Coventry, Ss. and 18s.; Birmningham, 9s. 6d. and 20s. ; Wolverhampton, IDa. 6d, aLnd 22s. 6d. Shrewsbury. Wellington, or Newport, 1ls. and 7.6Sd, From the Euston-Busuare Station, on Mionday, Mlarch 24th, atIO.30 a.m. Tickets, bDils, and further informnationimay be had of Henry R. Marcus, 231. Crosby.hsa-chambems 25, Rishopsgale.streetwithio,city. Cl REAT NvR'l HERN RAILWAY.-EasterfHoly- I days.-EXPREPrs anil ORDINARY DAY TICKET available at the stations at which the respective trains stop, as advertised in the time hills, wil be issued to and from all stations on the GreatNorthern Itailway,subject to the uaual regulations.torenmainin force from Thurrsday, the 20th March inst.. unatil Taesday, the 25th. both days inclusive. The trains sin Good Friday wil run the same " on Sundas The following towrns are reached by she Great Nsorthern express and fast ordinary trains.- Peterborough Lincoln Sheffield Bradford Spalding Granthamn Doncaster Halifax Boston Nottin hm cnottingley Milford Junction Hoincastle Newar Wakerield Hull Grimsby IRetford Leeds York. By order. SEYMOUR CLARKE, General Manager. Company's offices, Kinigs-cros Station, Londoin, March 18, 1856. T iE GREBAT NORTHERiN RA.ILWAY COMTPANY.-The Directors are open to receive TENDERS for LOANS8 on MORTGAGE, to a limited extent only, and for Periods only of four or five years, at 4j per cenit, per annum interest. The interest to be pasd half-yearly, io January and July. by" coupons, at Messrs Smith, Playne, and Smith's bankers, London, Offers of loans to be addressedto T. B. AIOWATZP Secretary. Sersaresy's office. Ring's-cross Station, London, 7th March, 181. .QOUTH-EASTERN RAILWAY.-Contract for the I..J Supply of Storeszfrom the 31st ofMarchtillthe 30th ofSeptember, 11&%-The Dircctors are prepared to receive TENDERS for the SUPP'LYto the Comupany of the undernsentionedfITO±t.ES, yiz.:No. of Contract. 1. Oils, Tallow, Turpentine, ko. 2. Iron, Axes, Ti3res, For m¶&c. S. General IlronmongeWroey, o 4. Fles, Steel, Steel-Springs. do 8. Sheet Brass, and Copper, Tubes Finisbed Brass Work, do. 6. Tin, Tin Work, Leas Zins. asedother Metals. 7. Glas. Lamps. Lamap3Materials, Mo. S. Wraish. Paint. Drysatery. &o. 9. Rope, Canvass, Bags, Cordage, Felt, c. 10. Coach Triminins,Ca tig, Cloth, Ii7ease-hair, Towelllng,&c. 11. Leather, iiuseA'ps jibrpe . 12. Brushes. Brooms Mats. Re. 13. Timber. Deals, Wood Work, do. It. Sundries. Specitications and forms of tendler maybhehad on alpHeiationin writinig to the Storekeeper. London-bridge Terminus. Forms of tender for each conitract axe printed separtely, and parties tecy propose to tender.or contracts for which Pattnis a~beuspetedn sa refer te lth inst., from 10 till 4 o'cock a th storkepers ofie. riklaer' AmsStation, and any furter nforatin rquird my b obtine atthe Storekeeper's Tendrs o b sen Inon r beorethe24th of M5arch, endorsed "Tederfo Stre,-'adresed o he ecetay,London Terminus. London-bridge Terminus',March 5. 1858. .SaE-,Se SQOUITH YORKSHIRE RAILWVAY andl RIVE-R KDUN COMPANY.-WANTED, a SECRETARY for the above Company. The salary will not exceed £100 per annum. Applications. to e mde y ltte tothe undersigned, at the Company's office. 33 By order, J. CHARLES HANDFIELD, See. MIDLANI) RAILWVAY.-Loans on DebenturesMThe Directors of theI Midland Railway are prepared to receive TENDERS of LOANS, in sums of £100 sadu upwardLs, oni security of debentures, at interest after the rate of £5A l5s. per centum per annum, fosprod of three years. or atter the rate of £4 10s. per oentum per annum for a period of four or lire years (at the option of the lender). The interesti'apayable half-yearly. Ajppicatlon to bemade tomae. By order, JOSEPH SANDERS, Sec Secretarys office Derby, March 1, 1816. 0XFORD WVORCESTER, and WOL~V-RHA-DV1P0TON EALWAY-Notico is herby given, that the GELNERAL MEETING of the Company, which was adjourned on the O'lth of Februar last to the 8th proximo. at I o'clock, at the London T-aven.. will, by request of the Crs.smsttee appointed on the former day, who fiad thatthe time Sxed for the Shareholders to receive their report wil not allow sufficient time for the full examination of all tie matters that must comne under their notice, be held on'the 6th of April only pro form.% and wil be farther adjourned to a day to be theni named. By order, NOEL THOS. Sa1ITH, Secretory. Compani's Offices, Worcesics. March 19. 1856.- NAMUR and LIEGE ~RAILWY- OSand MANAGEI.-The Committee of Shaeodr pone at the Mteetin' held on October 16, 1855, at the Gog n utr aen CoMnil, having laid their case before thelihslglubrtei Bielgium, and having received from theina pno nqioal favourable to their claim for the bac'k-itrs,hv eemndt havng xprssd temslvs a eqaly dsirusVrit the C-ommittee to Obtin epesl setleentofthi qustin,it is'anticipated that the decsio wil t gien ithn amonh fomthis date. Shareholders desros t prtiipte n he enilt o thseProceedings wil please to ay sbscipionofla.pe shreto hecreitof the Committee of Disenien Sarholer, a te ondn nd outyBank, Lombardstreet (Signed), R. S. BARROWV. Chaira to -ho Committee. 26. NewBridgze-street. BLnckfr1ars,. March 2,86 fiHE RECIPE and SAN FRAN018CO PERNArM- T BUCO RAILWAY COMP'AWY-Notico is hereby given thatani EXTRAORDINARY GENErAL MEETINGr of this Company wil be held at the London Tav-ern, Bishopsgate-street, liondon, on Tuesday, the22dday ot April next, at 2 o'clock pcte.m accordance with the requisition of the statutes of the Iomperial Government of Brazil relating to ibis Company, to approre the appointment of the Directors.- Notice ishereby also given, thattbe First Hslf-yearly Ordinary General Meeting of tabi Company will be,held on the same day, at the same place, at half-past 2 o'l$ock, to receire a report from the Directors. By order of the Board, R. BENSON, Chairman. W. H. BELLAMY, Secrtary. OS, Gresham-honse, Old Broad-street. London, March 18,1I56. N.E. For the conveniencae of shareholders residing at Manchester and Liverpool. Mkr. C. H. Colette, the solicitor of the Company, will attend at the Queen'siHoWe, Mlanchester, on Tuesday, the Isttisyof April next, and at the Adolphi Hotel. Liverpool, en the following dLay (Wdnesday), the 2d day of April, between the hours of U1 and 4 each day', vdth the D)eed of Settlement for their signature.- Proxieawillbe forwarded by the Secretary on application. Cl1 BELONG and MIELBOURNE RAILW-AY IkXCO?4PANY.-Shareholders, who hare received sealed certifirates of this Comapany from the colony for registration in London, are yeonuested to attend Or scud to thin office, and produce the same, with their transfers signed and complete, in order that they may receive the warrante for the payment of interest duo on the 5th bjtober last. S. J. COOKE, Manager. Ceelong and Melbourne Railway-office 36, Cannont-street, March1IS, 1856 -.( ELONG and MELBOURNE RAILWlA-Y vX COMPANY.-Notice is hereby gten, that the TRANSFER -BLOOKS of this Company willi be CLOSED from the Ist to the 6th proximo. Warrants for the payment of 5 per cent. inteiest guarantee-d by the Colonial Government for the half-year ending 5th April now ensuing (less Income-tax) wil be readyfor delivery, on application at the office of the company. on and after the 20th April next, between the hours of 10 and 5 daily. S .COE 1ngr Geelong and MelbourneRaiway-ofce, 38 Cannon-street, MArc18I a56 CIANADIAN RAILROAD BONDS.-Ar. LANCE negotiates the SALE and PURCHASE oE CAANADIW RAILWA&Y anud other BONDS. The trafio returns and firancial statecents ol each railway company maybe inspectedby persons desirous of investig, Parties having auy CanadianRailroad Bonds forsale sre requested to commuicate particular. Price current of Amercae securities may be had on applicaion.-10. Begent-st., Waterloo-place. f>ONTRACTORS' RAILS.-, 180 tons of - liht J BRIDGE RAILS (44 lb.), for contractors' use, in exceUent Condition, and 50 tons of flat bottom rails. 40 lb. to the yard. Apply to blatthew T. Shaw, contractor for railtay plant and storesot every kind, 65, Cannon-street, city. N.B. Twenty mew permanent ballast wragons for sale, well suited for mineral purposes. STEA AM ENGINES, by C. COLIjINGE and Co. (se- 8 lecteI by H.R.H. Prince Albert). the most simple, substantial. and effective - daily at work at the manufactory, 64 and 65, Bridgeroad. Lambath, Casting, machinery, and mrlwork to order. QEWING MlACHI N'ES.-To Shirtnakers, Tailors, B ,otimalcers. acid others Egged in various Ooscriptions of Sewing cr Stitehins,-W, F. THiOAS and Co.'s new PATEN SEWING ACH1,Ba producIng wrork alike on both sides, can he obtinted only at 34, St. MEartin's-ls-Grand, L,ondon, 131, Market-street, Manrhedter, an d 3, Smithy-row, lN"timgham; jOHN CHEEK's FISHING RtODS and TACKZLES ti are the best, - argest stock in London. Prices exceedingly moderate. Good gnst, ls. per hank; fine trout, 2s Sd. ;the choicestand Snest imILondon, Si. for 100 selekcted lengths; * ies b;y an artiste, 2s. a dosen.-132 G, Oxford-street. Newr catalogue; and British ngler's In. atructor ( g r a t a l.- MIjAHOMED'a VAPOUR and SHAMPOOING iLBATHS. recomrmended by the facuity1for acidity, gont, rhea-- matism, muscular contractions, strains. and chronio en'arement of the joints.-7, Ryder-street, St. James's. TIlH SUJLTAN-'s iVAPOUR BATH as in Turkey. 8-HOT PEiDILUVIUM, frant vapour perfumned shoer, with siesta to followr, 8s. each.-lO, Aryi-place te ent-stroet, and Newr -Broad-street, city. Warm baths for laies, families, and gentlemen, 21 ofor a guna tickets transferable. - arun baths set out within 10 rmites of Iosdo . rrlO LINENDRAPERS, Hosierr, Calbenlters, aued 8 othera lorHSALE, theFIHXTURESOand adTT GSTofa in the above line. Lsahogstay top Counters, partition, and ihel3ing oamplete. Apply immediately at 7 fWhitt,togn-placer Upper cholloway, near Archweay Tavern. r ALdSN T N' VAPO tJb.UR 5A TIS,tre asine AE WNUT TREES, felled last December, andlsuyiposdto coatairt akbout 500 feet, For price and furthor partiolouaa Opl* inr. Eoht sharms 131cAfog, LisicQlubire. BRI1TISH BENEFICE)~T INSTITUTION, 63,. -LlPInooin's-ino-flelda.-The Couril~ bavo the honto Ln un-e that the Mfost Nohie the Marquis of CL.NRICA~RDE baa kindly con . sented to PRE-SIDE at the -ANNOIVEIWZARy FESTIVAL of this Institution, ona Tuesday, the 3d Junenelt. Thenaumesof Stcwrd wil begraefuly ecevedby hh ounil.atbe ofries as above. ALFRED AIENI,Secretary. ULIBrIDGE ASYLUMI for SOLDIERS' '.3 IDOIWS, Ki.o-r-hms establisbed 1851. Supported by volunta ry ontribution. PATRtONS. He'r Most Gracious Ma,jesty the QuEEN Andthoo rMemberof th.e yalFgamily. Lady P'regideint-Her Royal Highness the Duchiess of Gloucester. The aext ELECTION will be held a-t tIYe Lndon Ta-eren, mishops. gate-street, on Thur~dy April 24, when eight vwidows wil be elected, one ofwbomnwill be on the Russian War Fuod. The Polling papers willibe issued in the course of neitweek, and Sab-. a ribers not receiving them ie requestedtp to ) Talsce-chamalers, St. James's-street. TV SCOOLSand P.FGE-A combinedBA AI ilb beldo the 24th and 25th April, at Wils'. Rooms, o eafo a n ztituiosin-Westminster. The ladies whose n esaededWill thlankfullyr receive contributions of work, fanygos rwns c The Indwstria School for Boys, 56, OldPy-te. The0 Home for Destitute remale Cide,Dacre-street-1ady rollock, 13, Waterloo-place. CIaphams. St. MgtthewK's School, Old Pye-stree"t-ms. Malone, 6, Glocester. street, Belgrave-road. St. Anne-'s-lane Ragged School-Lady Mri,7,Eao-qae Pear-street Ragged School-Mrs Custad 5 tne-tet PiMlicoD. OREPHANASYLUEM.-SEIl frFTYORPHANS, in danger of Exclusion.- Thisfoodhasnow eenin operation1 s-nce June. 1854 and by its aid 1S banshav ben rtaied for the full period, the boys til 14, the girls yeas o ag, a acost of £1,.228. 16 more come of ago for cxcinio duin th yar1856. some of whom may he consigned to the Workhuse rto tterdestitution, unless go guineas shall be 'ad for ther etntin efrethe completion of their eighth year. Frthe conribtios ae ugenlyneeded and will be thankfully received by the ev. homa Dae. 1,Gordon-square;- or Charles tlddey, REq., 2. Hacoortbuildngs,TempeVc.Pelstof theWanteadAsyluci. evnof these poor chilre are eligible fer re-electiont in May,186 oni behalf of whom proxies are earnestly soliie,an1ilbercie as above. The sumi of £1,500 is needed towadswhich the following suboscriptions are gratefully acknowledged:- fiss Burdett Coutts, 2d Mlis Msargt.Lee, 2ddon. £e5 0 0 don. . £100..lO 00 A Thank Ofreriag . .10 0 0 W. Stone, Esq., 2d don, 5 5 0 The MissesOcurliri . 5 0 0 Miss Mkarston.Sd don... 10 0 0 HerbertDalton, Esq.. 5 0 0 MissHEoward. 2d don. .. 10 0 0 Sir C. D. Crossley .. 5 5 0 A. B. Sheppard, Rsiq., 2d Sir John Key . .. 10 10 0 dun . 5 0 0 fllsafDoveton . . 1100o C hail, Strand, Londrn SPECIAL APA President-Right Hon. the Earl of SHAIFTESBURY. TreasnLrer-R. C. L. Beran, Esq. Hon. Secretary-W. Locke. Esq Banklers-MTessrs. Barclay, Bevan. and Co.. 5, Lombard-strest, city. In connexion with this Society there ar in operation 81-day schools, Ill evening schoGols, and 114 Sunday schools, in which 15.O00 neglected and destitute children of the metropolis are receiving a useful, secular industrial, and religions education. There ore also in connexion id refures containing 450 frier,dlless or crimin-lcoys and girls, The exPenditure of these- instituAtons, from -various causes, has gretly in- onyThe Choleofitse earnestln reepets, fut ls a suml tof150 th bUfowrd fuinds to aid them in their extensive and benevol(ent la~bours. Contributions will be thankfully received by Mlessrs. Barclay, Bevan, and Co., 58, Lombard-street; and by the Secretary, Mr. Joseph GP. Gent, 1. Exeter-hull. Strand. T1he Directors have the leasure to announce that the Al I-- VERSARY FESTIVAL wsi take place on Wednesday, the 16th of April next at the London Tavern, Bishopsgate-street. The Rlig't Hon. Sir I. LYTTON BULWER, G.C.II., has kIndly consented topreside. Diuner on table at half-past 5 'clokpeily Marquis of Stafford, MYP. WMn. ifarryman, Esq. Lord Robert Grosvenor. MI'. James Ingle, Esq. Sir James Duke, Bart.. Aid., H.P. John Jones, Rsq. James Sullivan. Esq., ALP.1. John LoboucheceEsFq. Herbert Ingrain. Esq., MI.P. Owen Lewis, Fsq David Williams Wire. Eaq., Ald. Charles Lucas, Eisq. George Gay, Ess,, V.P. Walter Meller, Esq. Cat onHall. I.N., V.?. George Moore. Faq. Gea.tBerkeley Han-ison, Esq.,VY. -MjrW otg Roey. W. HL.W. A. Bowcyer, S.C.L., Archibald Nisbett, Faq. V.'. J. R1. Beeves, Faq. Rev. L. W. Hreath, MiA. James Patient. Esq. Rer. Charles Mackenzie. ILA.. John Sbepperd, Eeq. Rev. Joshua Rt. Watson, lILA. Henry Simpson, Faq. Alexand(er Beattie, Esq. Joseph Somes, Faq. J.,Geo. Bouner, Esq. P.IWinktor Spence, Esq. Henry Camieron, Faq. Denji sewete, Faq. James Clark. Faqq. John Mills Thorne, -Faq. Charles Curling, Esq. Henry Sykes Thornton, Eaq. Percy M. Dove Thomas Tilson, Faq. Robert Forrest,rq ' Win. Coo. Watts, Faq, B. N. Francis, Esq. Win. White, Esq. W. Gardner, Faq. R1. R. Wood, Faq. Charles Goode, Faq. Henry Woods, Faq. EdwardGreen, Faq. Chas, Woolloton, Faq. GenLtleMen wilinig to assit the Ins4t,tution, by ating asSewrs a6re earnestly solicitesl to send their names to the Secretary. City offices, 12, Walbrookc. ALFRED MACKEZIE, Sec Y MEDICAL BENEVOLENT COLLEGE,. Patron-Her Most Gracious Majeisty the QUEE. President-The Right Hon, the Earl MAX~VERS. Treasurer-John Plropert. Esq. The ConndllIsaTe the Pleasure of informing the Covernors and other Frind o th Isttutontht ta OUTHANNIVERSARY FESTVALis ppomedttak plae a th Fremasns'Tavern, on. The Riht Ho. theLord AYOR,in the chair. Diuer illbeen abl a 6 ~clcl. Tckes,price one guInea each, maybeha o ay f heStwads oalth ofie,in Soho-square. 17 oo-square, March 19.1856.h - e - fl ERIfAN HSPITAL, Dasison. -ABALimad O) YAL SEA BATHING INTFIRIMARY, Mfargate, -L*, (established 1797. Patron the QUEENI.) for the Scrofulous Poorof nil England.-Notice in hereby given, that the GENERAL HALF. YEARLY COURT of Governors of this Hospital wMl be held at the London Tavern, on Thursday, the 27th day of March inst,, at half-past 20oclock jbrecisely. C. J. ROWSELL, Secretary. 4. Dowgate-hill Cannon-street, city. 1~IETROPOLITA-N EAR iNFIRAMARY, 32, MVI Sackville-street,-The ANNUAL SUBSCRIPTION BLL,~ in aid of the funds of this Charity, is appointed to take place at the'Ranover-squaTe Roomns, on Friday evening. April 25. Tickets 1Os. 63. each. Lists of the Stewards, through whomn alone tickets can be procured, mnay be obtained at the Rooms. f-iACER HOSPITAL, Londoni and Bronmpton.- %,/This Hlospital has reoeived under MIt care 1,317 patients, and now averages constantly unuder treatment nearly 400 cases. The remedies areof anexpensive character. TheWcaims of the poor alluded with, cancer, especially femalem are more uirgent than for any other class of snifferem The Comisilttee desire to extend their in-door scommodation, and thty respectfully solicit most earnestly the AID of the bBnevolent. Treasurer-Wilians Loxhara Farrer, Esq., 66. Ltnoon's-fini-fleldit. 'Bankees-Measmr Coutts and Co., 59, Strand. Secretary's Office. 5, Waterloo.-place, where subscriptions are received and all information relative to the Charity can be obtained. By Order. W. J. COCKERIL14 Secretary, METROPOLITAN CONVALESCENT INSTIflJ- M 1i.Asylum, Walton-on-Thames, Surrey. Offices, 32, Sackm. villle-street, Piccadilly. President-The Right HOnL the Earl of ELLEMERE. Chaircriat-Ool. F. PAGET. Vite-Chair,nan-Maior LYON. T'he object of this Institution is to provide an asylum in the country for the temporary residence of the conivalescent and, debilitated peer. whose restoration to health is impracticable in the hospitals, and at their orn unhealthy and ill-provided homes, but may be speedily effected by pure air, s-eat, and nutritious diet. Total number of pers-onsa-dmitted in 1854.872: in 1855. 92. Admiitted upto1th March, 1855. 76 ; to the I18th March, 1856. 175. pTheBoard of Management most earnestly solicit further contributions, in order that they may be enabled to meet the daily increns1mg Oubcnhon ad dnaion ae rcevedbythe ChaIrman, CoL P. CIITY of LONDON HOSPITAL for DISEASES of the CHEST. Vlcteria-park. Under the patronage of Her Majesty the &,EEY, and His Royal HlRicness Prince. Zc Presidenit-mfs Excellency the Earl of CARLLIS, K-G. Treasurer-H. Edmund Gurney. Faq. The EIGHTHE ANNIVERSARY FESTIVAL in Aid of the Funds of this Institutbon will be held at the London Tavern, Bishopagatestreet. on WVednesday the 2d of April;- Sir JOHN VILIA~ERS SHIPELE,ar. ,inteci. Stswards.-The Rtight Hon. Viscount Sydney ; the Right Hon. Lord Robert Grosvenor. M.P. ; the Right Hon. Lord Stanley, hER: - the Right Hon. Lord-Leigh ; the Right Hon. Lord Teignmouth; the Right Hon. HEenry Fitzroy, ".P-. Sir Smacul Morton Pleto, Bait. ; Thomas Aston. Esq.; Richard Attenborough. Esq.; F:rancis Bennoch. saq.; JTonathan Chapman, Faq.; John Dillon. Esq.; Dunican Danbar. Esq. ; Thomas Bworthy Esq. ; Thomas Famncomb, Faq., Alderman; Edwin Fox, Esq. : John Griffith Frith. Esq. ; J. W. Gilbart, Es.,, F.R.S.:- Charles Good, Faq. ; George C. Graves, Fsq. ; H. Edmund Gurney, Esq. ; John Hawkins, Faq.;, Charles Hemery. iEsq.; Johin Haltley, Fq Thomas Jacomb. F,q. ; Frederick Halsey Janson. Faq. ; Henr Jelfeson Req, MD.~FracisJourdan, Esq. ; Thomas Lauenc, Fq. Wilia LidiaA, s~.H.H. Lindsay, lsq. ; James Mau. Eit. Chrle Mlls Fa. ;Joh Pen,Esq. David. Henry Ston. Eq.:Thoas aplng, aq,; HnryTucer.Esq. Th atendnceand upprt f te frend oftheInstitution are H.SWL.Hon. Sec. RICEHARD P. SLATER, Sac. -City offxce. 6. LiverpOol-street. March20, 1856. KIN'SCOLEG HSPTA.-TENDR Are requred or upples f MET, readisa, cheese and butt-er, groery poatos,oilan' gods priting &c. and onthy pament. Tedersto b delvere by10 o'clock ola Portugal-stret, Marth 20,186 I TIMPORTA-NT DISCOVERY.-Dr. GRIFFITHfS JLJONES w,-il LECTURE onl HiMCCOPATHY andl the WA_TER. CIJR,in onjnctluwih'ElctroChyicalath,bywichminerals, incldin merury- &c. adothr mtallc cmpouds,maybe eliminated!romte bodwith5t theslighest pin, dnger,or nonvehall ~e-stret.Mondys,the 4thand31st of March: April 7thand14h. al ofScenc. ityrod, edesdysthe 2ftlof March. PDIOT ASYLUM.---HARRIET PETERS, No. 186. JL-The friends of the above rost gratefully acknowledge th'e kidnd support of the subscribiers in October last, and emsl eus h favour of their VOTES9 aud.:ZNTEREST at. the ensuing electioni April next. FPHEAT-RE ROYAL, - COVENT.GARDEN.-The J. three daughters of thei late Mr. Branaou, who was boxk-eeper. i the olden time, are rendered totally destitute by the 4estruction otthis theatre, their father having, in 1801, invested all his wife'smoney (£SAOOO) upon the sesurity of this Property, the interest upon which Bond-stee, Mr. t&street.a), ofLinolns-in APAndTUSr. layti 5, of We and £2 per set. First-class practical instructions, gratis. EleinentaY apparatus, firom 85. 65. to £2 2h. F INE ARTS.-BROOKMAN and LANWGDOX's ce :olebrated DRAWING rsNCILs (for which they received a medal at the Paris Univeral Exhibition) are miade of reel Cumberland lead, and patronised by theZRoalFamly_ad the raost eminett artists. Manufaclocy. 28, G;reat Rual.t,-t, B3ritish Mduaeum. T'hIA3IONDS to be SOLD, the property of a lady, a very great bargain-one large brilliant clustre ring, one half-hoop enamel brilliant ning?forosrrly belonged to the Duchese of Buciiat. baus. Pecuniary embirrassiosut the cause of their being disposed Apply by letter or personally to IIllaaL, 63. Charlotte-street, Portia .QERYICES everY Sunday, in Great Room, Hanov;prKIasquare, by Rey. J. BALLIE.-To-mlorrowr, at 11, " The Atons1t3.15-ul~ertEli jai on Cnne ual female fil&e cl4*i5, CHURCH in Sabbith'. Colletosigi f h d fte, churhdwil b andaftr ondy,APri 7, Kinges sioue~ wril b~eeoo liv evnins i th wek. O LISSS in the HOLy SC1IXR% Gree~ Irie Frech.Geran.English languageancopoib, udru itr gorpy matbeiatica, (incluigalgba nld dbfebialacl,ad ihSpec-al application oteter fpo Abiliteies, bn o ie0as.ac~rtmu.adbokeig Esq, ine Cllee~lonad ~ plctetJV inehm R. W. JELF. D..D., PADnelP4l EVENIN CLASES for YOUNG ENCro,~ The Right Hoe,.Lord EBRINGTO?1 H.P.,inheb, 12t- Gentlemen kindly disgosed toassistthe Committeeyg tli names as Stewav&l asnaresmtlyr, %ueted to commmuniate witliva 11ev CHAS. ACKU24ZIE, Al_L, Hon. SeC. EWENINGCLASSES for YOU.NG MN-rsy L~4hai. 3. Bshoe estret ritin.InUnion with the Society-of The new Frenh Gins. wil icr eand onTedy pi stk at 7 wuil. heiael. in aid of the fonda o The ee or achcla' isIs.perter. Asubscription of 14,. a-er or g.perqurtr, ntils te ubeaierto the use of the Centra Readng oomandLhar.nod alsoDto attend one classeach term, Prosectses wih lstsofelasses, may be had at the libra' CHfAS. MACKENZIE,A.R on Sec. SNTfLGEORGE's CATHEDRALt, Southwark.-Onx FC aater Sandaay. solemn PONTIFICAL MASS, at 11 am. ; ser3MOnby RightR1ev. Bishop Morris; music, Mozart's Mass.No. IZwithI foil orchestral accompaniment, Ponlifca Vesper at 6.30 pmnil sermon by Right Rler. Bishop Grant. ~T. MAR~, Moorlelds.-OnEaster u`nday,Hi KJ minnceCarinl WSEMN wllcelebrate PONTMFCA-L HIGHMAS an PRACHin hisChuch,at 11o'clock am. Tile Mas wil b Bethoen' inC. itha fll rcestral arcompaniment. HisEmnene illasistpotiSaly a Vspes.at4 o'cloclip.=_ At S o'loc p.. terewrIte asolmn eneictOn Of the lBlessed Sacre.. QT. JO 'sCUC,una-erc,Ilnom KJ -To-morrow (Ese a).GADHHMS,at1 ad Vespers, with To Deo t7.bthitafolanofnsren, ~J MEETNG of he Exeutive omnithte fthe Sociret fre tOe Thbeat. ioTngo Relaignefro Slte roae amn mtind BConrl BieldOf wich Thate this Committee, b rhelininge onvict.iontat elndsthat rhepealo efeth entlawy ofi Church Rates wudbmoionsaitenutmier sofndpolishesan. conduciwee to other intisrestsof relainion, is aolestlyhesiom tat thei dilcrl introduce fhorna thatk fitpoe shudreceire themale nottio ofte membisaatheCure. o ngad That, havigeaie theseamendmeontar in suoy ih, thugilm,go which nof,tice haobje en give by thes HomeitSecrtr, itd don uds hatthey i tionand whre ate ma cotinu tobe evid, xemtlfomd Melmen al wh ma thnk itt eclre hemelvstou theprmempbalersdo the Church of Englande.HoAe o p,Sroceedngsfr euing. Foetcomplete.elzto,th mte e -It eEdEntto sport the GVesryment in its weffrts tofrr the ill aseld amtendd Thoug-hbthHose o f hrsa Parningmten2t, ayo That,uinuarrivingeqtisucidteriaio,oisCmitenodsi;l Tat lbry in the evento of thes reectiongo the meapsued asI for eodiSed tieoftahe anystepinforegiving completepaersett tuhea prnipl wtalredy airmed by succesivs te andmincrationgmort of thrhreus HoTesee oaq colletrs,eantdin leg,nottrperson. T)ARISH of SAINT ANE,t At Amehode.-t UL L MEETIN of theVestrym and Etbepoyeraoths of egti3b Thedat the Town-halt&l,son thursda Meeningb,an the sh aye of Marcb, Mrdre o .S. D urchwmben EsAq L in.o the chairgy;n esvr ance folplowg esoluioins we reveutnghAmnimulyaredntil aendcarried thatuin the opinio of thimosMeeingtheu propeonsedeBllraetplnining agdiaendingitheMtooi.oa aaemn c alh nrr atv ofthe bestr interests ofcthesrtedptoyersnasuc as ite willfo thak the ppontin. pying an aportioningunthe duties of thetr petktot, collctor, badle, wnoter pesongo( s. t pr tinterpae Thaoaetoitng prpaed,souignsed inoprsented in the Houa6 Mornf hepas d,wt such amendet swl cnimtepws ofveir anititbads nderteMtooi CL oc.Al MAnaOgementAtt the puposes fromtendthepAnnalGeneof theeAt,n and tbopreseriet teetymnof the sevralpaise andav places wincluded nlthe sad toe 2the Mapponten ofTherchwardeiluI, ovkeres an2d other parer Thatthe codial than r of thisMetCmingh,adthee sm. rehr odredtoT. S11.1Duncom. Rt.h M'.ote ene IV Rgy CANd EYsveancte hedsidisplayedhyhl itpeenltin CathamendaneyundBlier churri givnen tosit,tyn,hnti l-ae bpwsrnitbtesemr augrtoog, and Folethne mbr for the County opie ofnay the p etbtioy, lt,with alrqetthat they sbwill hevsogodeastoy supot a ting eaeE theirpae Theatesth formegsof ing,respoluions bel hinsertedin TheaTimsorningtc Advertcnfsiser, aud tDaiytNe confidsaencrnths. icr,crw in hi.anxios soRtne o sav the will tak plae omnite tohixa teb rgth Marchi must.Tequ chairsuntimbeltakend.at2ndclotpecaringydw -isyptyt Bye oerdeire ofd the Commthrepaonfeftee, Pallhismall,-March 1418bl56 ad. pzgh ThOAmeteALCwe, Sheun.r sigeSIaMo deiAed to othiue lte fn tobAR CoAmdfoNhebneY; of 11ter wiof tbd Josldephine 'WoittheAsaexrSSIoTNC of admiraevon. ltinfurmot trying.wenfthisoillect ed hpwas run inxpbythestenmer,a greaestfirmessof ind,empoyig al hi enrg etinend earoseyi. inuhi anxous. soitd mto saei th: e livEso thse. comistted to his cohane andginsconseuec o Jhsun e.ynd S arboduhlEaq.IgaId Mend tour kidrnto mo Wi.ls n thearton, oftEireatq. sp -ina sypty otebeevd lan as afurpthMer eprsion o esee.O for, ahiswl-ndown, bdora n upighle Vchakcers, wE,q theuner lentrsinFlrtheran, of ths Sjc.' He warak-eert swimme,2and thadmahandtimesitece o of hi lienr Haudgohers, from drwIng but, ointhimeancFiholy 1 ocGso,.w of hi sq.female D Sarker, jun., Req.o the fin of 0e,r,. ilsa o;a dAtResHs.GOnUMlS,EadEC.'s 67. CLEombadStreet. L- W foroRPI JOHNEHOEGHITSOU.St.IPetr'sersey leden-Te igJ oHn. EALE. ON USI P and Co . £10ww 10W0lfa Lewis, Esq., rse. John Bradbkusry, Rzq. 2Tp0a.. caboouh,Rq. 11 Job Porter FstePearson, mesq Esq.. 0 Gessrs.eH H.oWe.lisq.n J. ColeHaWkeins,E Esq . 20 Coh,e hndsom don-YAtioY StaMNley tack-er paeans. th 10t ofsrs Flayeigtcher,as tro- S.ic th , BaUrker.o Enos. 2u 20 b tverynomtinmyb Hbaiedr Hugthes Sereq.ry at 1h 10ico tese LsSinntioadisher 10easid 0 G. Brch Es.,Prs.200 Samuel Baker,E RAWq.= Ron. 0 0 Londn. eb.O2.SEfrIE HENdY CL IERK SCHOS PrsdetThesigo-ht Hsop. ord CHOHN RSSEL,M.P TRIUSTEES. Johd Rberadu, Ceq. MP E Trantn, sh eae Eq Riohn PorteSr Foster Ettsq J. IG.5 Trabbrd, Esq. GEo.J.BrgesMoore,d.q Hoo J.q Coe aeil,Rq Tahenext HAlf-YteARideLYseLL.OTIOrmwillStakexplace n he20thr ofumay, bngtherm lobost ntofwic the chidrnt X3 ofrnan-sumerbeswilb Ev*erinfomtisopnfmayouhsepbarineda of theSerery, atutheofisAchof thecInstitution, 13,Che myapsxide y. Trs=Pra m JOHN's COJLLEGE, Hurst.Pierpoint.-TriuiseL- Lordcoo Robr Comeil, iaP H.olmse Termtton. Req. raum Rihe et Hon.rSir JohinPteso Api 9 .. scubb o ard, deprtmen maa be h.aeesod Hnapyi ope Req. F .Lor,MA,Ha atr h Collg,HN't CeroiLG,Hus ietit.Aear. tei,YDc,o orteARmy andLnavy Term £42Uper LAnnum. S-JOH3NWst COrLe-tie.-HurismutbPirpintrouodbtrainn . aet S4cholfreCommercial Choommistee. TrLders Visitors. pranr The nextqat-erm beins Aprilnce. forsetuse Snof Depachtdepatmeonto wiheer norain ay he haaind on applyigt e.I .Loe . edMser,-th Colg,9VHurst J. .erpToin.t.mtr LTYE-ARK COLLEGEIfrTEN LSC IEOL. T.Le 3ou Weofistroueoiterrnclues-Bplismustberinturouedb the Progl. sideut, Vse-Presients, Comittee,crlLadiehVisitors Junior epartmnt.-Thenext qarter wll com enro hursdY,.- The exttermwil comenc, fo th Senorepatment olzncMpa. E LTH denAofCOnilLEGI 3ATHE STH. L Principal-R.eW. JPORTERAYGItIGTHE, 3LC.P Tuemcourse of Anstructonenludes Biblica liertreteEnlih Frnh,a diGermnelang uages,yhe-ati and Greevk XRclV.Si isoy erogrpyi, naturl histoeryn, andphiosohy,eamattic&-- , drawirng, 0.1,. Studepupis are efficienatlypeprted fommrth andivtersiis vcthmiliary ; C ForAprospedctusofberms Tandnreerecesfobappy esrs. T Swale ari' Rltguinea, aendi. theagenug qardther wl cormmenucea on%Thuraeayo oth, stdnslWperesidntnfConilErlmTH T Prnipal-RevLJuS HtAfGAlTH M.A.cinisompe, Principal. 1B-~ n- ~pj;tao t h CIIVIL ENGINEERING and SURVERYING.- Engineers' College, London. Courses Nos 1, 2, 3, and 4, Surveying, Architecture, Engineening Levellig. Drai=nin Draughting Mapping, -Measring, and Valuing o Laudl. Timber, 'di~ing, &c,ilcommaenc'e on Wednesday, April 2dL Feefor the whole 10 guineas. For prospectuscs, &c.,, apply at the offie, 24. Bulfr-te t, Rssell-square. the RGAN thePiaofore, ad inVoclMusic. Applicationsby. leter,wih tstionals wil e rceiedby the Rer. B.G0. Johns. settld bythe Cmmitee mybe mwn oapplcatione aboe LINCOLNSHIRE.--Spilsby GraTmmar SchooL-A LVACANCy having occurredinthe3MASTERSEIP of the abovet School by the death of thecRev. Isaac Russell, the Trustees will proceed to the election of a successr inna short time, of which due notice wil be given. The endowment is about £80 Per atonum, with Tery eligible school premuisesrent free. Aresideuceadjoining may be had if' desired on terms to be agre-ed upon. Can.didastescpa~bledojfimparting - a souud Englishi and clwasical education ar eie o edi etmo.' iala to W. Walker. REsq., the Treasurr, within a mnontlc,-Sp(laby,March 18, 1858. N.B. An opportunity for comimencing a first-clnaw boarding school seldlom to bemnetwith now presenta itgelf.- 1) USSELL 1INSTITUTION.-A. SHAREforSALE., X..LI Apply to Win. Hunter, REsq., 16, Hart-street, Bloomsbury-square NTEXT .PRESENTATION.-To be SOLD, the' -Li NEXT PRESEN'TATION (dependent on a life now in his 70h i year toa vluale IVIN, o abut 700per aunum, eltuate in & hejstlntprt t he estof ngand hainga.rectory-house suitable foraentema'sfneiy. Teneghbuxhodiexcellent, The popui., latnucis ntielyof rual atue, nd otexceeding 650 inihabitaLntg, Prieialsorthir olcitrsony teaedwith. Apply to Meow.,, ChinockandGalworhy, uctoners,28,Regent-istreet, Waterloo. W 1JHCHWOOD-FORBST, Oxon.-Alteration of' T imber Sale.-Tlie SALI, adTertised to take place ust this, F16ores, at the Churchill Arms, Aacott-under-Whicbwood. on Thura.' day, March 27. is POSTPONED until Thursday. Aprril 13,1316. T~O UPHOLSTERERS,- Builders, Carpenters. T1.Smitbs, IDlihangers, saiid the Trade in General.-IROIMON,, GERY WAREHOUSE, established for the exclusive impply ot tha Iabove trades, at wbolesAle prices.-JOBN 'YOUNG. Birming5ham ms4 Wolverbampton agent and factor. 18, Illandlord-street, xiauchtitg. SEQume, London. running ot fBkstet 'rmt-qao
LO37DONZ, SATUBDAY, MA)CH 22, 1856. The " Correspondence between the Governments *" of the United States and Great Britain in regard " to Recruiting for the British Army within the -' United States, comrmunicated to the Senate of "the United States on the 2Sth of February, 4" 1866,'" puts before us in exdenso the state of the C583 on this subject. The charge of the United .States' Govemment divides itself into two heads,into a charge against the English Government, and Lto a charge against the officia7s of the English Government in the United States. As between the English Government, then, and the United States' Government, the case is this *- Early in 1855 the English Government-to use Lord CLARs-Dows's words--' desirous of availing " 1iewnselvm of the offers of volunteer in-the United' "'tat, ado?pte thc measures nlecessaryJ for maing ";zc.eraZa knot, that H}EB MAnars Government were ready to doso, and for receiving such persons <'5 a4onl4 present thernselves at an appointed place "-ixflne of the British possessions." At the same :ime " they issued stringent instructions to guard "against any violation of the United Statee' law." Heme; then, is the act of the English Government in this affair-the only act for which they are responsible, because the only act which they Iave done. By an act of Congress it is forbidden " to hire or reain another person to "enlist or enter himself, or to go beyond the "limits or jurisdiction of the United States with ',iltent to be enlisted or entered, in the service of 'fpy foreign prince." Thlat beingthe law, then, of Fe~ gAitedStates, the English Government respected >i~$~jd gave strict instructions to its officials for the o fervance of it. But it was no violation of this 14w simply " to make generaUy knownn" in the Mnited States that the English Government *wepe ready to avail themselves of the servites of volunteers. To make known such rzine onthepartof the English Government t9 reCive vrinteers was not "to retain or to " hi,e" volqt*eers. It wastocommunicate intelligence, ;aud Ao more. If any person in the United &atewcbAse to avail himself of such intelligence, idA'o either to Quebec or Halifax, Liverpool or London, to enlist, he had a perfect right to do so, and no more transgressed a law of the United Statea than if, upon the sight of a mercantile adver. tiEement in a NewYork paper, he crossed the Channel to offer his services to a Bristol counting-house. Neither the giver of such intelligence, then, nor the user of it, can be charged with a violation of law. Now, the answer of' the United States to this statement is this,-they as good as admit that there has been no violation on the part of the English Government of any law of the United States, though they admit this grudgingly, and misrepresent while they admit it. " For very obvious reasons," says Mr. MARcy, " the officers employed by HFm " M1rAnTY's Government would be cautioned to "avoid exposing themselves to the penalies " prescribed by our laws." This is not a true statement of Lord C RmoNDo's instructions. The officials of the British Government in the United States were not advised to elude the penalties for violation of the law, but told not to violate the law. However, the admission being 'made that there has been no violation on the part of the English Government of the 'United States' law, Mr. M.ARcy falls back upon another much loftier but much more indefinite ground. " We had a right," he says, "to expect that the Government of Great Britain "would regard the, policy indicated by those "lavs, and respect our sovereign rights as an "independent and friendly Power." And the English Government is charged with "having "violated international law, and offered an affront "to the sovereignty of the United States." " Had "there been no acts of Congress on that .mbject, "foreign Governments are forbidden by that law "to do anything which would in any manner put "to hazard our position of neutrality in respect "to belligerents." Now, there can be no doubt that laws ought to be obeyed, but when we are talken from the ground of law, and told that we were bound to attend to certain other vague and general considerations, the question becomes not so easy. What is meant, in the first place, by MIr. MA.wy saying that the English Government was bound to attend to the policy indicated by those laws ? Wlrhat is this policy ? Who is to say what it is ? Is Mfr. MSRCY to determine this point, and to be allowed to forbid generally anything to be done in the United States which- is against his own ideas of a certain general design and intention Of the 'United States! law ? If he is, with all respect for the MARcIAn code, we defy any man living to tell what the law of the United States is. It is not written law-nothing so common and vulgar ; it is lex in nubiltns. - The more common sense view is, that the law of the United States declares its own policy and design by what it actually prohibits or allows. It is against the rights of a sovereign State to have actual engagements formed with a foreign Power within its jurisdiction. But if the United States allows its citizens liberty to choose their line, calling, and occupation in life, there can be no encroachment on a Government standing in so free a relation to its citizens in simply giving the latter information of military service, should they choose to enter it. Again, what is meant by " an afront to the C" sovereignty of the United States ?" What sovereignty ? Does the American Government claim, a sovereignty over the ingress and egress of its-Mr. M cRcy will not object to the termsuVecds, and prevent them from entering what military service they please ? Certainly not. America boasts of the freedom of. her citizens. " en Government of the United States," says Lord CLRMDOX, " has enacted no such law; it '-' justly boasts of its complete freedom in this "respect; ' civitas non. cacer est.' Ali residents "therein, whether foreigners or citizens, are "perfectly free to leave its territory without "'the permission -of the Government, at their " ovwn absolute discretion, and to enter the service "'of any other State, when once within its fron"tier." Then, how is the sovereignty of thie United States affected by its citizens being informled of such sercice, into which they may enter, in such other State? But Mr. MARtcy is afraid that such an act of a foreign rower " will put to hazard the United " States' position of neutrality in respect to belli" gerents," and he reminds us that " among the "solemn duties imposed upon the PREsrDENr is "that of vindicating before tlle world t7te goodfaith "of the 'United States in sustaining neutral "relations with other Powers." But how is the good faith of the American Govermient hazarded by such a liberty as this being allowed to a foreign Power? It is a liberty which both sides may use. If the English can advertise their military service in the United States, the Russians can do so too. Mr. MARCY then appears to us to malre a very poor claim out of his indefinite, unwritten, majestic law of American sovereignty, American neutrality, and American poliey, indicated by American law. Is there any law, we ask, of the United States which the English Government has violated, or rather has not scrupulously respected, in this whole affair? If not, then the charge of Mr. MARcY against the English Goviernment, as distinguished from any charge against its officials, is disproved; and thus by far the larg,est and most important part of MIr. sAucv's argnment is disposed of. Ee has rested up'n a very weak ground for the principal part of his attack, and, that having given way, the rest of his attack is not formidable.
Every one who has had the pleasure of listening to or reading the writings of Lord OVERSTONE must regret that one so singularly gifted with powers of argument and illustration, with the command of elegant language, and with practical knowledge and experienceof commercialmatters, so seldom addresses the House of Peers. Any observation that falls from him receives, as it well deserves, the greatest attention, and those who differ from him must well weigh the arguments which they oppose to so great an authority. Still, after all, authority is no safe guide on such matters of opinion as can be reducedto the test of reason and argcument, and, like habit and:-asociation, often misleads the soundest judgment andlperverts the clearest reason. Inpresuming to differ from Lord OvzrsToNso on a matter of commercial policy and morality we are quite aware that the weight of authority is against us; but argument is of more avail than authority, and we rely on an appeal to reason against the unsupported aphorisms of any one, however competent to judge and to give expression to his judgment. Lord OVERSTONE states that the measure for Linited Liability of last session was brought forward in the teeth of the evidence taken before the commision. This we emphatically deny. We have not taken the trouble to count the numbers on each side, but in weight of argument and power of reasoning there is really no comparison at all between them. Again we must deny that Lord OVER.STONE has any right ,to stigmatize the present legislation on the subject of Limited Liability as hasty. The bill was introduced on the first working day of the session, it has passed its second reading, and will be committed after Easter; so that there is no great probability of its reaching the House of Lords before the beginning of May-a period of full three months-sufficient, we should presume, to bring to maturity the judgment of the most deliberate capitalist. Neither can we admit that Lord OvEPxsToN has a right to gay that he speaks on behalf of the commercial interest of this country. The opinions of the great mass of commercial men are, as nobody knows better thain oiuselves, strongly in favour of the introduction of a system of Limited Liability, and a reer who denounces that system, and at the same time assumes to represent the commercial interest of England, is either no representative at all, or misinterprets the message which he was instructed to convey. What reason has Lord OvzRsToxn for thinking that the measures of the Government were not well considered? Their principle-all with which Lord OVERSTONE attempts to deal-was affirmed by the House of Commons without a division, and has been received with unanimous and almost unexampled favour by the press and by the country. Lord Ov}sSTON3o states that, had Limited Liability existed in 1825 evenbarter would have been brought to stagnation. HIe does not favour us with the proof of this assertion, and perhaps it would not be very easy to do so. Had Limited Liability existed in 1825 we may confidently presume that the following, among many others, would have been the results :-First, joint-stock companies would have been less trusted if people had known the exact amount with which they were trading. This would have operated by way of prevention. Secondly, when joint-stock companies failed, the loss to the shareholders -would have been ascertained and limited, and those scenes of unmerited distress which we are just now witnessing in the case of the Tipperary Bank would have been spared; the creditors would have suffered, but, having trusted less, they would have lost less. This would have been by way of cure. What there would have been in such a state of things to bring us to barter, or maLe barter impossible, Lord OvERsTOwn does not tell us; but, as the main effect of the crash of 1825 was the temporary annihilation of credit, and as barter is a species of contract in which credit is neither asked nor given, the connexion between the crash of 1825 and the stagnation of barter is by no means obvious. Lord OVrnSTobE next launches into a disquisition on currency and on credit. He asserts that, notwithstanding the recent drain of the precious metals, commerce is in a sound condition, because, we presume, from the context of what he says, commerce is now only in a slight degree based on credit. The inevitable tendency, he says, of Limited Liability is to extend and intensify the principle of credit, and therefore, we presume, to render us more liable to be affected by the exportation of the precious metals. Surely such reasonincg is neither specious nor solid. Supposing a trader under the present law to require additional capital without wishing to take in a new acting partner, he has no alternative but to borrow money at the current rate of interest in the market. This places him to the greatest possible extent at the mercy of those causes which lead to the exportation of the precious metals, and the consequent contraction of the currency. He may find, without any fault of his own, that the interest demanded from him is doubled or tripled, or that it is impossible to obtain discount even for the most approved bills. A system which leaves the trader no resource except to go to the money-lender for accommodation places him as much as possible at the mercy of the money-market. Suppose, on the other hand, some system of Limited Liability introduced, the trader has then another resource. He may obtain capital on terms of receiving a share of the profits of his business, because the receipt of those profits will no longer be attended by the terrible liability to utter ruin, in case of the failure of the borrower. So far as this change in the law has any effect it will take the trader out of the hands of the mere bill-discounter, and place him in those of persons bound to himn in a much closer tie of association, and whose interests are therefore much more identical with his own, and much less regulated by the fluctuations of the money-market. Lord OVERSTONE thinks that Liaited Liability must extend and -intensify the principle of credit. We. apprehend directly the reverse,, for the plain reason that creditors will be less likely to give credit to firns that pledge a part than to those which pledge the whole of the property of the partners, and in confimation of this view we cite the evidence of Lord OVERSTONE himself, given before the Commissioners, which concludes with the following words :-" If Limited Liability is an " arrangement for the special benefit of the "parties constituting the concern, but to the "detriment of the public, and if the public "stiU give credit to such concerns, it can only be "because the peculiar form of such legislation leaves "thempracticallyno other alternative;"and wecommend to Lord OvERsTO'NZs attention his own observation in the same paper,-that the amount of confidence which can properly be placed in any concern is a question the decision of which should rest. with the public, and not with the Legislature. The popular objection to Limited Liability is, that it wil destroy credit; but few ot its opponents have had the dexterity, like Lord OVrnSTONE, to urge against it-first, that it will destroy, and then that it will increase, credit. Lord OVERSTO-si threatens us with a giant and a demon, to be evoked by this law, whose name is Speculation. Again we will answer him out of his own mouth :-" All attempts in such matters "to substitute legal provisions in the place of "individual prudence or of the public judgment "have proved proverbial failures. Confidence "will be meted out to concerns not exclusively in "reference to the amount of capital ultimately "responsible for their engagements." From these principles it wvould seem to follow that speculation cannot be created by limited nor checked by unlimited liability, but must depend, not on the amount of capital, but on individual prudence and private judgment. Limited Liability does not, as Lord OvsRsTosx says, allow people to borrow without being obliged to repay, but to borrow on special terms, limiting the right to receive repayment to a particular fund, terms which if found onerous to the lender are sure to be considered and provided for-in the coitract by' an extra charge in the nature of isurance. Lord OVERSTON- appears as the advocate of concerns anxious to carry on their business on honest principles; but the one principle is just as honest as the other, as it is quite as honest to insure a bad life at a high as a good one at a low premium, the only principle in either caw being that enough should be demanded to protect against the risk and leave a reasonably high rate of profit. Had Lord OvEnTONs said that under the name of extended credit he was really denouncing increased commercial activity, and under that of speculation a closer and more severe competition, that he appeared as the advocate of those commercial concerns which disliked the introduction of new houses into the trades they monopolize, his speech would have been more intelligible, though probably less persuasive, and would have given, we apprehend, a more faithful picture of the views of those who regard with dismay and apprehension the effort to remove existing trammels from the association of capital in commercial enterprises.
There is something very fascinating to the imagination in the system of justice as administered in the East by Cadis. How speedily detection follows upon guilt, and punishment on detection ! Scarcely has the baker mixed up abnormal ingredients with his adulterate cates when the Eastern magistrate, attended by four stout acolytes, with goodly staves in their hands, stops, obedient to his matchless instinct, before the offender'B shop. The cakes and loaves are handed out, and in far less time than it has taken us to write it the unprin.cipled tradesman is lying prostrato on the ground. There he remains, bellowing with pain, while the stern ministers of justice are pounding away with their sticks upon the soles of his feet, as cheerfally as though they were employed in the process of beating carpets. The remedy is not always byway of bastinado. Occasionally the ears of a butcher who is found tripping are nailed to his coiunter; occasionally the erring retail dealer is mounted upon ajackass, with his face towards the tail, and paraded through the markets as an object for the missiles of the faithful. These forms of proceeding appear at first sight to the Western student as somewhat summary, not to say severe. They have, however, received the sanction of a majority of the human race. We include, of course, the empire of China in our estimate. The European nations, and especially the inhabitants of the British isles, have, until quite recently, fallen into the opposite exntreme. There is not a single article representing the animal, vegetable, or mineral kingdom, and used for the nutriment of man, for his apparel, for his 'necessities, his caprices, or his delight, which has .not been publicly vended among us in an adulterate, damaged, or noxious state. Our meat has been diseased, we are told, and has induced carbuncles; our white fish has been green, and our green vegetables white; our sugar has been saud or lime; our wheaten bread potatoes and alum; our mustard has been flour; our beer has been drugged, and our drugs poisoned. The very air which we breathe and the water which we drink -ave partaken of the iuiversal pollution. The rich, who are enabled by their position and their wealth to deal only with tradesmen of the highest class, have but little idea of the extent to which this adulteration has prevailed. Fine ladies and gentlemen do not amuse them'selves by strolling about on Saturday nights in the remoter markets, thronged as they then are by crowds of anxious purchasers, who are endea-vouring to lay in the Sunday's dinner and the week;'s provision at the smallest possible expense. We must not, however, for the moment enter upon the general question of the food Nvhieh is supplied to the poorer classes. Enough is done by the more roguislh tradesnen in the way of adulterating our food to call for the vigilance of alL The reports in the Lanwct first drew attention to the subject, and since then the minds of the most careless readers have been held in continued attention by the disclosures which have been made before the Parliamentary Committee. Let us confine ourselves for the moment to the one subject of bread. A few years back we heard of nothing but the "big loaf " and " little loaf." It was, no doubt, desirable to procture as large a loaf as possible for our money; but surely the case of the " sound " loaf," as against the " unsound loaf," merits as attentive a consideration. I't appears to be as well established as any fact well can be that the loaf which is ordinarily purchased by the London consumer is mixed up with ingredients which should not of right enter into its composition. In some cases lime and ground bones have been detected in the composition which is by courtesy called bread. More usually the articles -which are employed to depreciate the quality of the loaf are potatoes and alum. The potatoes give weight-the alum colour. With, respect to the mixture of potatoes with the flour little need be said. Potato-flour is not injurious to health; the only hardship is that we are called upon to pay the higher price for the inferior article. With respect to alum there appears to exist a diversity of opinion amnong the witnesses who have given evidence before the com- iittee. WVe will leave it to our chymists and physicians to determine how far it is beneficial to lealth that the human frame should be well satu-, rated with alum. Speaking as laymen upon the point, we muist confess a strong objection to the-use 6f alum as an ingredient in our daily food. It would seem that the evil has attained such a pitch. as at length to call down the notice of the authorities. The process of adulteration does not only take place in the baker's sanchon ; from recent reports we are rather inclined to the belief that the flour is more usually vitiated at the mill. A short time ago a flourdealer residing at Wakefield was: fined for having in his possession a quantity of flour' adullterated with alum. The MIAYOR had caused printed notices to be posted all over the walls of the town, cautioning dealers against the adulteration of flour. The practice, however, was so usual, and the habit so inveterate, that the notice was disregarded, at least by a flourdealer named GLG-.i-. The police were directed to search his premises, and there seized 84 sacks of flour. In 57 sacks alum was mnixed with the flour, and in 17 sacks in most injurious proportion. For this offence the defendant was fined, and the 17 sacks weredetained. Forty bags of flour besides, belonging to the same owner, were reserved for fur-. ther analysis; the result of the inquiry was, that the flour was found to be so strongly adulterated that they were detained, and thle contents cast out to the pigs. A few days afterwards a large quantity of flour was seized on the premises of Mr. GEoBGE MoRnrr,T of the Steam Mill, Pontefract, and, being found to be adulterated with alum, was condemned and sold, after being rendered unfit for human food. At Rotherham, again, Mfr. JOSEPH CROSSLY was charged with adulterating flour -with gypsum, which is composed of lime and sulphuric acid. Samples were forwarded to Mlr. SLATER, an analytical chymist of Sheffield, and the presence of gypsum in considerable quantities was detected. This proceeding, also, as far as the bench of magistrates was concerned, terminated in a fine; but from their decision the defendant has appealed. These instances, which we take at random from the provincial journals of the last few weeks, will be sufficient to show that the attention of the magistrates has at length been directed to the suppression of this system of adulterating the staff of life.
FRANCE. We have received the Mconiteur of yesterday. It puiblshes the following bulletins of the health of the Empress Enugnie and of the " Prince Imperial":- "PARIS, MA-CH 20, HALF-PAST 11. "The milk fever is subsiding. se o'CLOCE;. "The state of Her Majesty the Empress is most satisfactoy. "Dr. HEL CON2EXAU. "BARON PAUL DUBOIS. "RA.YER. "JOBERT DE LAMBALLE. "DARRALDE. "The health of his Highness the Prince Imperial continues to be most satisfactory. "Dr. H. CONNEAU. "BARON PAUL DUBOIS. "Dr. L. CORVISART." "HEALTH OF HIS IMPERIAL HIGHIESS PRINCE JEROME. " MARcH 20, 10 30 A.Di. "The state of the Prince continues to be satisfactory. "RAYER. " LE ELLICO. HC UTIN. "At 3 o'clock His Majesty the Emperor paid a visit to Hlis Imperial Highness Prince Jerome Napoleon." The Manfetur announces that on Easter Sunday, the 23d of March, at 1 o'clock precisely, a Te Deu.nm will be chanted at the Cathedral of N6tre Dame for the birth of the Prince Imperial. The ceremony will conclude with the Pontifical blessing. The Ministers, the great bodies of the State, and the civil and military authorities will attend the ceremony in full uniform.
,SECOND EDITION. I TH.0 TIMB&OFFICE, &Stiday Mforning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris c4rrespondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. Peace is so certain that people now only talk about the date of its official announcement. As it is not anticipated that the sub-Commission appointed to decide upon details, not of sufflicient importance to occupy the attention of Congress, will have very much left for them to do, it is believed that very soon after Easter the world will be informed that the war is at end. Some fix it for the 27th. The proclamation of peace, however, need not be delayed by the proceedings of the subCommittee and the great points once agreed on, the treaty may be signed forthwvith. The Prussian Plenipotentiaries have already presented themselves twice at the Conferences. They were coirteously received, and their conduct, it appears, has given no cause for complaint. Their position must have been rather awkward under all circumstances, but they comported themselves with proper modesty, and I am assured theyofferedno opposition, and suggestedno difficulties in the way of an arrangement. Russia, notwithstanding occasional fits of coyness, no doubt to enihance the value of her favours, has ended by conceding almost everything she was asked-neutralization, Nicholaieff, Principalities, and territorial rectification; and one would suppose that at this moment her only regret is that no further concession is asked of her. So, at least, goes the report. Notwithstanding the grace with which Count Orloff yields to the allies, there are occasionally some cutting allusions to Austriapolished to be sure, but not the less keen. The territorial concession was dangerous ground to touch on, especially for Austria, and all the art of AL Buol did not prevent him from suggesting corrections in matters of diplomatic lorewhichwere not to the taste of the Russian Plenipotentiary. It was hinted that the experience of Russia was inferior to that of Austria, and admitted with proud humility that, so far as practice went in matters relating to territorial concessions, Russia had very little advantage indeed; her acquirements were all on the other side. ForM. Buol himself, personally, no one has any objection; and the acquaintance he dis. played with treaties of all sorts, and with the international law of Europe generally, is said to be profound. But it is not difficult to perceive thatithe Government he represents is hated or mistrusted by all. Prussia eyes her askance, and Austria, in turn, regards her rival with undiminished suspicion and dislike, and feels still uneasy at the prospect of anything lilke liberal institutions being established in the Principalities. Peace will be made, no doubt, but whether in the meaning of the mnot attributed to one of the Plenipotentiaries-2ow paiz, et 4uno 1ai.Ti-time alone can tell. It will be made, but whether the men who have assembled together to discuss and sign it will repair to their respective homes enamoured of each other is another question; A rumour prevails that Prussia is desirous of recovering the good graces of England, which her conduct throughout the war had forfeited. How true the report is I cannot say, but her dislik3e, and perhaps fear, of Austria, may prompt her, now that Russia can render her little service, to court the goodwill of her former friend. The Assemnblee Nat ionale says '"We have reason to think that the statement made by some foreign journals of the fornation in the Congress of a Special Committee charged to draw up the defnnitive treaty should be completed in this manner. The Comumittee in question will, it is said, be itself sub-divided into subcommittees, which mill particularly consider each of the principal points under examination. The regulation of the navigation of the Dardanelles, rendered necessary by the abolition of the treaties of 1840 and 1841; is given to one of these sub-cbmmittees, of which Baron M1anteuffel is a member." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received " ll XG, MAnCH 20. "The English frigate Amphion, after havin a encountered a violent tempest in the Belt, grounded on a sand bank, but being got off by the Sampson steam covette, got safely into KieL "A despatch has been received here announcing that Commodore Watson has declared Iiibau and all the llussian ports in the Baltic in a state of blockade." " BERIUN, MARCH 20. "A despatch from KiUnigsberg states that the Russian Government has destined two recently organized corps of Cossacks to form the permanent garrison of the coasts of the Sea of Azoff2" " COPE2%'EAGET, U\P.cH 20. "Ten Deputies of the German Duchies, in the Deliberative Council, have proposed an application to the King to get the Grand Charter revised by the Diet." "MADRID, MIARcH 20. "The Credit Mobilier Company has requested an authorization from the Government to establish aBank of Issue at Yalentia. "A TeDteum will be sumg on Sunday next at the Church of Saint-Louis-des-Francais, to celebrate the happy delivery of the Empress Eugenie." The following was the bulletin issul edto-day at the Tuileries " . KirP.CEE 21 nAjY-PA,sr 11 AA3L "The Empress continues to go on perfectly well. "The health of the Prince Imperial is excellent. "No more bulletins Will be issued respecting his Imperial Highness Prince Jerome." (Signed as usual.) Addresses of congratulation conitinue to be for_ warded to the Emperor on the bilth of the Prince Imperial. The Monileur of to-day publishes those of the Court of Accourts, the Tribunals of Cherbourg, Saverne, Toulouse, the Municipal Councils of Orleans, Troyes, St. Etienne, Angers, Nantes, Valenciennes, and Caen, the Invalides, the CounciL of Health of the Arnies, the Council of Works of the lMarine, the Director and persons employed at the Imperial naval foundries at Ruelle and at La Chaussade, the Jewish Consistories of Colmar and St. Esprit, and the Academy of Lyons. Wlte read in the Monitettr - " By an Imperial decree of the 20th inst., issued on the proposition of the M1inister of Mfarine, a full and entire amnesty has been granted for all offences and contraventions in matters of police, as regards inscription, navigation, and maritime fisheries, committed prior to the above date. In order to benefit by the amnesty, deserters from merchant vessels or men inscribed on the lists of the conscription who have not appeared must present themselves before one of the maritime or consular authorities nearest to the place where they may happen to be, in order to make their declarations of repentance before the expiration of the delays hereinafter men. tioned, which will reckon from the date of the said decree, viz. :-Two months for those who are in France or on the continent; three months for those in Corsica; six for those out of the French territory, but in Europa or in Algeria; one year forthose out of Europe; and IS months for thosa who areheyond Cape Hor or the Cape of Good 13:ope. The aninesty is not appBcable to the expenses incurred ior prose- cution, nor can it throwr impediment iunthe way of the rights of any third party." The Emperor paid a visit yesterday afternoon to Prince Jerome. Prince Jerome continuesto advance slowly towards convalescence. On Sunday last, only a few hours after the birth of the Prince Imperial, a Te Deumn was sung on board the BrUtagne line-of-battle-ship, which bears the flag of the Admiral of the Mediterranean squadron, now at Toulon. All the other vessels in the roadstead sent the officers and detaclunents of their crews to be present. The upper deck of the vessel was transformed into a chapel for the occasion, bordered round with flag3, and ornamented with vases of flowers and branches of laiurel and olive, so as to presentin soine measure the nave of a cathedral. Count de Tascher de la Pagerie has been raised to the dignity of Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour. The Count de Labedoyere, Cham berlain to the Emperor, is m entioned by the Ronen journals as the Government c3ndidate for t-ie 5th electoral circulmscription of the Seine-Infirieure, vacant by the resignation of the Marquis de Mortemart. - By the promotions just made to the rank of Marshal, the number of officers of that ranIk is At present IO .-Count Reille, Count Vaillant, Magna-n, Count de Castellane, Count Baraguay d'Hillieri, Pelissier, Count Randon, Canrobert, Bosquet, and Prince Jerome. The Toutrial die Havre says g Commandant FavG, the orderly-oficer to the Emperor, 'who was charged with the mission of announcing officially to the Municipal Commuismion of Panis the birth of the Prince Imperial, has been gratified with a pension for life of 10,000f a year, which he is to receive from the funds set apart for the Civil List." The 3fessager de Bayon7w, of the 20th inst., announces the passage through that city on the 18th of M. Isaac Pereire, on his way to Madrid. The people of Vittoria and other towns along the road, apprized by telegraph of his arrival, twere everywhere preparingfRtes in his honour. A private letter from Mladrid, of the 17th, says:" In the Cortes to-day, the Duke of Victory rose and observed, that the Cortes, after voting the budget of expenses, were bound to vote that of receipts, in order to give the Government the means of meeting the public expenses He therefore expressed his hope that the budget should be adopted in its present form, or with very slight 'amendments. He admitted that it had only a temporary character; hut said, that it was not possible to mike it other'wise until after the floating debt enould be extinguished, and, util the Goverument, on the promuigation of the Constitution, should be able to take measures to develope public instraction, commerce, industry, and aul the other branches of the national wealth. 'If,' added the Du3ke, 'the budget of receipts be not approved, all the Ministers will be compelled to resign, in order to show their resPect for the decision of the Cortes.' This declaration of EsparterO created great sensation in the Assembly, and there is every reason to believe that the financial project of ht. Santa Cruz will be adopted by a large majority." The B3ourse agents of Paris have received a sumnnons to attend at the office of the Prefect of Police to-morrow, at 10 o'clock. The object is to inform them that they are not in future to negotiate paper, F?rench or foreign, which is not regularly quoted on 'Change, and that if they do so they will be proceeded against by law and punished with all the rigour it permits. This measure is taken in order to check; gambling at the Bourse as much as possible. It appears that a protest, signed by 25 French Bishops, has been sentby Cardinal deBonald, A3chbishop of Lyons, to the Pope, against the resignation (forced on him by the Government) of the Bishop of Lucon. The protest is said to be rather strong, and the Cardinal declares that if the Bishops areto be thus forcedto resign when the Government wish it, they will in reality be nothing more than public functionaries, removable at pleasure. The Bishop of Lucon, who is now at Rome, has been appointed by the Pope, no doubt by way of compensation, a member of the Congregation of the Index, The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the week ending on the 10th inst. were 910,529f., or 35,443f. more than during the corresponding week of 1855. The gross ieceipts since the 1st of January amounteato 8,083,11Thf, being a difference infa-vour of 1856 of 1,265,751-. The Three per' Qnts. closed tday at 72f. 45c. for the end of the month; the Pour-and-a-Hlf per Cents. at 94f.; aud. the New Loan at 72f. 95c.; Orleans Railway sharea, 1,295S£; Great Northern, 990f.; Strasburg,: 980f.; new shares, 823f. 7Oc.; Paris and Lyons, 1,262f. 50c.; Lyons to the MIediterranean, 1,565f. ; Wegtern of France, 89X-L 50c. Bordeaux and Cette, 755f.; Great Central of France, 650f. ; Lyons and Geneva, '85f.; Bank of Crddit Mobilier, 1,570f. L AStrian Railways, 907f. 50c. Cours AiThenEfquc.-PAnTs. Mfarch 21. -Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., S9f. oc. ; ditto not reimbursv able for 10 years, -94f. 93f. 90c. 941.; Three per Cents., 72f. lOc. 7.2?. 72f. 5c. lc. 72f. 5C. lOc.; ditto first Loan of 18S5 (75 per cent. paid), 71f. S0c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent paid), 72f. Soc. 7Oc. 60c.; ditt Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 72f. S0c 70c. 60. O Bank of Frnce, 3,475f.t Credit Foncier, 702f 5tlc. 7001. 697f 50c.; ditto OhUigatiorg of 500f., Four per Cents,. 450f. - ditto Tenths, Four er Cents., 97. 50c.; dittv Three per Cents., 95f.; rroin. gations of 1.000f.. Three per Cents, 940f. ; Credit 3Iobilier, 1,570f. 1,560f. 1,565f. 1,570f.!; DiscouLt, Bank, 650£ ; Pied-' montese Five per Cents., 941 941. 25c. - ditto -Three pee Cents., 62f. 0lf. 50c. 25c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 89Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 974; Itaman, Sr 8' Spanish Passives, 7A. Exchange on Lnldou, at sight, money, 2D.U 37Ac.; three aonths, money, 24£ 929Ac. AUSTRIA. (yBoil om OwN' 0oRZMTOiDiT.) VIE-NNA, Thuscue 18. At il o'clock this morning solemn thanksgivings were offered up to the Most High on account of the birth of an "Imperial Prince of France." The congregation, which was large, consisted principally of Flrenchmen, but the alies of France -were dtily represented. Prince Charles Lichtenstein, the Grand Steward of the Court, and Count Grilune, the A.djutant-General of the Emperor, attended for Auistria; Sir Haamilton Seymour, and one of the gentlemen of the Embassy, for England; and Islam Bey, with his Secretary of Legation, for Turkey. It is also possible that Count Arnim, the chief of the Prussian Embassy, was in the church, but my eye did not chance to light upon him. That Count de Serre and all the other members of the French Embassy were present need hardly be said. After the celebration of the mass, Te Daurm was sumg. We are still in total ignorance of -what is doing at Paris, but a strong impression prevails that peace will be concluded within a very few days. Yesterday a Cabimet Council was held here, which lasted from 1 till 5 o'clockl, bnt it is not known whether foreign or home matters were discussed. As the Council, at which His Majesty 'presided, sat during four hours, it must be presunied that some question of unusual importance just now occupies the attention of MIinisters. The Wiener ?Zcittfsig of to-day announces the appointment of Count Ruidolph Appony to be Austrian Minister at the Court of St. James', instead of Count Francis Colloredo, who goes as the representative of this country to the Papal Court. Count Edmund Hartig, who is at present Minister at Copenhagen, is to succeed Coint Rudolph Appony at Munich. Among other diplomatic appointments is that of Baron Zedlitz, the "officious" agent of the Hospodars of 3Moldavial and Wallachia, wha is to have the rank and standing of Minister-Resident for Brunswick. During the last 24 hours some of the princip-al financiers in this city appear to feel a slight want oi confidence in the future. They think that Government is too ready to grant railroad concessions, and much fear that if Baron Brucl; and M1. von Toggen. burg do not proceed more leisurely there will, at no very distant period, be a crisis in the moneyed world. Some half-dozen railroads are about to be constructed, and as each of the joint-stock coinpanies will bring its shares into the market, there cannot but be a very great demand for mioney as often as the instalments ont theni become due. Not one of the railroads at present projected is uinnecessary, but this Govelruent -ill certainly do well to refuse to granit any newr coices. sions for at least a couple of years to come. Tlhe lower classes met with such a severe check aboult a week siince that they have almost ceased to speculate in Credit Bank shares, and highly agrecable it is to the founders that such is the case. " Even during the first year," says a member of the Adiri. nistrative Coiuncil of the establishlment, "we shall be able to pay a larg.e dividend, but persons wyho io10 buy the shares at a premium of SO per ceiit. have nr right to complaint should they clhance to finld tlla they have paid too high a price for their whistle,' The holdeis of 10 Crddit Banik shares will r\exi%as a bonits, one share in the Vienua-Lina-Sa1ablw Railroad, and one share in the Italian liika The formier are at 13 p'r cent, and 14 pci' e-v'n0, p mituni, bit nio businews hast yet 1een klcoij; int
* - '' AMERICA. j (BY ZLaEmiuc TnLEOmp .) SOUTTTAMTON, Firtu.m NIGHT. By the United States' mail steamship Axago, Captain Jines, with the Englih aand French mails, ewe receive intellgence from New York to the 9th ;inst. The Arago brings 80 passengers, specie value $404,000, and 2,500 barrels of flour for Havre. On the afternoon of the 8th inst., six miles east of Sandy Hook, the Arago passed the Royal mail steamer Arabia, from faverpool bound to New York. She brings no intelligence of the missing I mail steamship Pacific. ThEere is little news of political importance by this arrival. The State Democratic Convention of Pennsylvania have put forward the name of Mr. Buchanan, ex-Minister to London, as its choice for the next Presidential term. The correspondent of the Nrew York- Herald in Washington telegraphs as follows, under date the 7th inst: "It is stated by those in confidential relations with Mr. Crampton that he has no apprehension of being dismissed; everything, however, depends upon circumstances. General Cushing said to a gentleman to.day that England would not withdraw her representative, ' but,' said ho, 'if they do not he will certainly be dismissed.' Kows Tc,-rons. "M r. Crampton's discovery of Lord Clarendon's direction that he should communicate to Mr. Marcy the contents of a despatch relative to an arbitration of the CiaytonBulwer treaty dispute occurred in this wise :-Another Foreign MIinister was at Mr. Crampton's house, and they were talking about Lord Clarendon's assertion that Great Britain had offered .to arbitrate, when Mr. Crampton remarked that he had a letter from Lord Clarendon on the subject. The letter was produced and read by Mr. Cram pton. ' Upon reaching the concluding paraggraph, he exclaimed, 'I didnottnotice that before; what shnal . do?' He decided to send the letter immediately to Mr. Marcy. This explains the circumstance noted by Mr. Marcy of the receipt of the documnent at the State Department at U o'clock at night. " In connexion with the fact that a large British sqtadrou is understood to be on the way to the coast of Central America, I will mention that I have learnt to-day, that the Government of Great Britain sent word to Mr. Marcy several weeks since that British subjects in Central America had supplicated tham for aid, and that they should afford them protection. This looks a little squally for General Walker, but if the British lion puts his paw upon the Americausteamors bound to Nicaragua to overhaul them for men and arms, I apprehend he will get some of his claws pulled out. There may be something hot besides the climate on that region before long. "Secretary 3Marcy has been very busy for the last 48 hours preparing elaborate despatches, which go out in the European steamer to-morrow, with reference to our present difficulties with England. Complete instructions to Mir. Dallas will accompany the despatches. " The despatches brought by the America were received at the State Department yesterday. Mr. Marcy has thoroughly sifted their contents. There is nothing decisive or definite in them, notwithstanding there are various rumours afloat that they are of a belligerent character. "I am informed this evening from a creditable source, that Mr. Crampton will be transferred to some other position, he having intimated a desire to that effect. After what has transpired between himself and our Government, the same authority says that the difficulty between England and the United States will he amicably adjusted." The Washin(jtom Untion of the 6th inst. concludes a long editorial article, published, it was supposed, by the authority of the Administration, with the following declaration:- " But we cannot forbear to add one remark, which is that Great Britain is thus threatening the United States with war, not because -re have infringed her laws or insulted her sovereignty in any the least Aiung whatever, but only because, after she had infringed our laws and insulted our sovereignty, we courteously request her to relieve us from tho presenceof her Minister, iMr. Crampton, forreasons the most cogent and unanswerable." In the Senate a bill had been introduced for the construction of a railroad and telegraph from a point on the River Mississippi south of lat. 37 to the Pacific at San Francisco. Mr. Sumner's resolution, directing the Committee on Foreign Relations to consider the expediency of some act of legislation to effectively abrogate the treaty with Denmark, and to repudiate the payment of the Soiud Dues, wao considered. Mr. Sumner argued that the notice given by the President by direction of the Senate in Executive Session for the termination of the treaty was defective, inasmuch as treaties are part of the supreme law of the land, and can only be abrogated by the action of both Houses of Congress, approved by the President. Messrs. Seward, Pessendein Collamer, Crittenden, and Stewart sustained Mr. Sumner's views, and Messrs. Mason, Toucey, and Cass opposed them. The resolution then passed, and the Senate adjourned. Intellig-ence from Sierra Leone has been received to the 19th of January. Fever prevailed generally along the coast. An American brig of 200 tons, completely equipped for the slave trade, and prepared to take in a large cargo, had been destroyed at Boa Vista. The disturbances still continued at Liberia, and a large force under General Lewis had been despatched against the insurgents. At Bathurst the black inhabitants had memorialized the Governor to admit sLx of their number as members of the Legislative Council of the colony. The Governor declined acceding to the request. A schooner belonging to Fairhaven was struck by the ice off Rock Point on the morning of the 4th inst., and the captain and cook were drowned. The crew, tenin number, remained in the rigging for 27 hours, and were badly frostbitten when rescued. A bill has been introduced in the Senate of Louisinna prohibiting the emancipation of slaves in that State unless the master furnishes a bond that they should be transported out of the United States. In the New York money-market there was not much business doing. Sterling bills on London were quoted at 109i to 109M; Paris, 5f. 20c. to to 5f. 174-c.; Hamburg, 36 to 36W ; Bremen, 7S8 to 79. The sales at the Stock-board were light, and sales had fallen off. The unsettled appearance of political matters was the cause assigned for the dulness of trade in money matters. Thecotton-market was rather stronger, without change in prices, and sales reached about 1,200 bales. Dealers were disposed to await the arrival of the next mail's news. Flour was unchanged. The export demand was light, while there was a fair domestic demand. Good lots of wheat were more firmly held. Missouri prime wheat sold at $1 96c. Corn was in fair demand at lower figures. Southern white sold at $66*c., and prime Jersey yellow at 70c. and 701c. Rye was quiet. Pork was inactive, and closed at about $15 87-e. Sugars were more active. The sales were about 900 to 1,000 hogsheads and 400 boxes. The auction sale of a good cargo of 9,000 bags of Rio coffee averaged $11 44ic. Freights were steady for English ports, and firmer for grain, 8d. having been refused in ship's bags for Liverpool. Rates to the continenlt were unchanged. At N~ew Orleans cotton had declined 1io. to ic., and the market was unsettled. At Charlen cotton had advanced Jc. to ic, with an appearance of a further rise. Stock on hand, 53,000 bales.
COUBT CIBOULAR. WINDSORI, MAtcH 21. The Queen and Prince, with the Princess Royal, attended Divine service this morning, and received the Sacrament of the Holy Communion, which was administerfed abo to the King of the Belgians and the Duchess of Rent. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Wimdsor officiated.
THE CRYSTAL PALACE. The Crystal Palace was visited yesterday afternoon by no less than 17,507persons. Long before the opening of the doors, at 1 o'clocl, the railway station at London-bridge was literally besieged, and throughout the afternoon it continued thronged. The utmost efforts of the railway company were tasked to convey passengers to the Palace, and, although trains were despatched as fast as they could be flled (on an average every five minutes), many hundreds were unable to obtain conveyance until too late to avail themselves of it. The utmost order and decorum prevailed throughout the building, not the slightest injury was done to the statues, plants, or flowers, and neither wine nor beer was spplied between the houirs of 3 and 5, spirits being never sold in the Palace. The exhibitors' counters were closed, all sales being strictly prohibited. A selection of sacred music was performed by a full orchestra in the centre transept. The whole of these visitors were conveyed from the Palace, without accident, in the evening. BAZA-A IN THlE REGENT'S PAu.-Th eToxophi1ite Society have granted the use of their grounds in Regent's Park (adjoining the Botanical Gardens) for the purpose of a grand bazaar, in aid of the Hfospital for ConsUmptiOn at Brompten. The~ bazaar is to be held as soon as the requisite preparatioc,s are made, and in the meantime the governors of the' institution have invited contributions of bijouteric, fancy work, kc.
FOBEIGN INELGENO. - - FRANCE. (FRoM onP. OWN OORRPRnw"-i% PAPJIS, THURSDAY, MARCH 20, 6 P.3. The eleventh sitting of the Congress, announced for to-day, has not taken place.. The members of the Commission charged dith drawing up the terms of the treaty of peace met, however, at 2 o'clock in the apartments of the Minister for Foreign Affairs, and were busily engaged for some hours. It is doubtful whether the Congress will meet to-morrow, Good Friday; if not, it will assemble without fail on Saturday. Peace is now regarded as so certain that the acts of the Congress, or even of the Commission, are hardly thought of ; and, as for the Crimea or Sebastopol, they seem to be nearly as much forgotten as if they never were in existence. Yet the state of the French, both at Constantinople and the Crimea, ought to occasion some anTciety to the home Government. The deaths from typhus are most numerous, and hi the Crimea are said to be not much below 100 daily. The sudden change from a most active to a half listless existence has produced emuiu, always fatal to a camp; and home sickness is general among the soldiers. A private letter speaks of the deficienicy in food and clothing among the French. The men do not look healthy, nor in their wonted spirits. There is reason to fear that their rations are insufficient for the climate, or to support them under the work they do, and to keep them comfortable in their tents. The letter I allude to says that many of them throng about the British camp, and pick up waste biscuits, and even the refuse food which the English soldiers throw away. Surely the rejoicings for the birth of an Imperial Prince should not make people forget the condition of an army which has contributed not a little to consolidate the power of the throne, now that their work is done. Sickness, perhaps, cannot be helped, and no one could foresee the surprising mortality that has swept away so many of the medical staff, but that the army should be deficient in comforts, even in necessaries, is incomprehensible and inexcusable. A Te Dezon or thanksgiving for the excellent health of the Empress and the Imperial infant was chanted to-day in the Chapel of the Tauileries. 'The Emperor and Court attended. General Count de Sonnaz, sent by the King of Sardinia to congratulate the Emperor on the occa. sion of the birth of the Imperial Prince, has arrived in Paris. Addresses of congratulation continue to reach the Emperor on the birth of the Prince Imperial. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " BERi,-, Mlarch 19.-Letters from St. Petersburg announce that after the conclusion of peace conferences will be held to examine and discuss plans of reform in commercial policy. The journey of the Emperor into Poland is postponed until after his coronation. There are indications of a bad feeling between Russia and Austria." "M MADRID, March 19.-A well-founded hope exists of a speedy understanding with Rome. A slight disturbance has taken place at Lorca, but the movement was not of any importance. Differences of opinion continue to exist among the Democratic party. The statutes of the Credit Mobilier Company wil soon be officially approved." A private letter from Madrid of the 16th mentions the following facts *" We are rather in a curious state here about the Biblea subject in which the people of England take a deep interest. There have been lately some attempts at Protestant doctrine in Barcelona, which have aroused the Catholie spirit of the people, stronger at this moment than it has been since the War of Independence-a fact the explanation of which I am unable to give, and which I leave to more philosophical or metaphysical inquirers. The Government partake (whether out of conviction or fear) in this revival, and are determined to oppose vehe. mently aU attempts of English. Bible or proselytizing societies to introduce the wedge, by which, through hammeringhereafter 'orthodoxSpa' istobetransferredinto a 'heretic community.' There is at.thismoment herea Mr. Alton employed by a Bible society, who is a person reaUy of great sense and moderation, and who seriously desires tokeep on the right side of the hedge, and act within the bounds of the law. It is very difficult to know what the civil law-on the subject exactly is, and how it is affected, neutralized, or overridden by ecclesiastical law, by tradition, and last, and certainly not least, by the arbitrawy power assumed, when it suits, by all Governments in Spain, as much Progresista as Moderado. Mr. Alton printed a Bible in Spanish in Madrid; but, when printed, the Vicar Apostolic embargoed the copies, upon which the rev. gentleman went to the Engslish Minister to complain. Lord Howden, I am informed, told him that so long as he was within the law of thb land he would support him by every means inhis power, but not a moment longer; and his Lordship advised him to get two legal opinions from the two best and most famed lawyers in the capital, one of whom is M. Cortina. Unfortunately, the tenour of these two opinions (both very obscure and involved) differs, and the question will be asked in the Cortes what.the lawvreally is. However, be the law whae it miay, I have reason to know that the Government are de. termined to mak-e a character with the clergy by opposing tooth and nail all attempts at Bible distributing." I may observe that I doubt whether the circulation of the Bible in theSpanish language-of course, the Roman Catholic version-isprohibited in Spain. I hasve more than once met with copies inthe slops and bookstalls of Madrid. I have at this moment before me an edition of the Bible, and from its form intended to be a cheap and popular one, in Spanish. It is a translation by the Right Rev. Philipe Scio de SanMiguel, of the Esculeas Pias, and Bishop of Segovia. It was printed in Mladrid in 1797, and reprinted in 1824; Charles IV.,-no very liberal prince,-wasthereigning Sovereign inthe first, and Ferdinand VII. in the second period, and in 1824 the Constitutional Government had been overthrown and absolutism restorea. I may add that the edition of the Bible I speak of is without note or comment. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 30¢. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 93f. 90c.; and. the New Loan at 72f. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,290f.; Great Northern, 995f.; Strasburg, 980f.; New Shar, 825f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,260f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,560f.; Western of France, 897f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 76Mf.; Great Central of France, 650f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 795f.; Bank of Crzdit Mobilier, 1,572f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 632f. 50c. Cours Aufhentque.-P?SA , March 20. Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years% 93f. 90c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 23G, ditto Certificates (45 per cent, paid), 94f. 25c. ; Three per Cents., 72f. 4ue. 45c. 50c. 35e. Suc. 20c.; ditto first Loan of 1855(7a per cent, aid, 72f. 25e.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent, paid), 72f. 75e. 73f. 72f. 80c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent, paid). 72f. 75c. 73f£ 72f. 8e. Bank of France, 3,475f.i Cr,dit Fondier, 72f. 71Sf. 70f.f Prom. Obligations of l,oOof., Three per Cents. (200f. paid), 930; Crddit Mobilier, 1,575f. 1,572i:50c.; Discount Bank, 650f.;Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. Wc.; ditto Three per Cents., 60f. G1.; Austrian Five per Cents., u; elgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 97 ; Romans, 881; Bpanish Differed Converted 251; ditto nterior Debt, 30$ 40 401. Exchange on London,at uigbt, money, 25f. 37Ac. ; thrie months, money, 24f. 921e. AUSTRIA. (FROs OUR OWN COPaMSO DRNT.) VIE NA, MARC 17. At Bucharest it is related that when the Hospodar Stirbey retires from office in May next a Kaimakam, or Turkish Commissary, will be placed by the Porte at the head of the Wallachian Administration, and the very idea of such an encroachment on their privileges highly exasperates the Wallachians. The irumour has doubtless been spread in order to serve the purposes of one or other of the numerous candidates for the Hospodariate, as it is difficult to suppose that the Porte ca intend to take a step which would make the Wallachians lament that the Russian protectorate had been abolished. The question of the Danubian Principalities will long occupy publicattention, and, the-efore, abrief summary of the various official documents which relate to the privileges of the Danlbiau Principalities will now be given. The oldest document, which bears the date of 1393, .,is a-trealy concluded between Bajazid I., surnamed flderim, and Mirz; Prince of WaLlachia. The treaty, which was signed at Nicopolis, contains five articles:- "Art. L The Principality 'recently subjected by our invincible force, shall be governed according to its own lawvs and the Prince ihQll have the right to make war and peace and the power of life and death over his subjects. "Art. 2. No Christians who, having adopted theMahom medarn faith, shall go to Wallachia, and there return to their original religion, shall be reclaimed or attacked. "Art. 3. Wallachians who may go to any part of our territories shall be exempt from capitation or poll-tax. " art. 4. The Christian Princes shall be elected by the Metropolitan and the Boyards. Art. 5. But, in return for this great clemency, and because we have inscribed 'this Prince Rayah in the list with our other subjects,' he shall be obliged to pay every year into our Imperial treasure 3,00 red piastres of the country, or 500 silver piastres of our money." The fifth article would seem to establish for the Porte a right of sovereignty rather than of suzerainet& The seend document is a treaty concluded in 1460 at Adrianople, between Mahomet IL. and Viade V., Prince of Wallachia. " Art. L The Sultan engages to protect WalLachia agaist all enemies 'without exacting anything more than the supremacy over the, sovereignty (la supr6&atie. sur la souveraintM) of the Principality. The Voivodes shall be be obliged to pay to the Sublime Porte a tribute of 6,000 piastres. "tAr. 2o The Porto will not meddle in the administration of the Principality, and no Turk shall be permitted to enter Wallachia 'without an ostensible motive.' "Art. 3. Every year an officer will be sent by the Porteto receive the tribute. "Art. 4. The Voivodes to be elected by the Metropolitan, the bishops, and the Boyards, ' and the election to be recognized by the Porte." " Axt. 5. The Wallachian nation to have its own laws. The Voivodes to have the power of life and death over their subjects, and the right to make pece or war without any kiind of responsibility to the Porte. " Art. 6. No renegades, who, having gone to Wallachia, had there returned to the Christian church, to be reclaimed by any Ottoman authority. " Art. 7. Wallachian subjects going to any part of Turkey not to pay tho poll-tax to which 'all the other Rayahs are subjected' (a laqutdlc sont scunris les autras Bayas). "Art. S. If any Turk has a difference in Wallachia with a native, it shall be settled by the Wallachian Divan conformably to the laws of the Principality. " Art. 9. Tarkish merchants going to the Principality to buy or sel goods to announce to the authorities how long they intend to stay, and to leave when, the time fixed is at an end. " Art. 10. No Tark to take away with him Waliachian servants of either sox. No Turkish mosque ever to be built in Wallachia. Art. 11. The Sublime Porte pledges itself never to sunmon aWallachian subject to Constantinople, or to any pact of the Tarkish dominions." The third document is a treaty concluded in 1513, between Sultan Selimn and Bogdan, reigning Prince of Moldavia:- " 1. The Sultan acknowledges that Molc'avia of its own free wilpromised obedience to the OttomAn Empire; " 2. The MIoldavian nation to enjoy ull its privileges, and the Porte promises never, in any way, to curtail them. " 3. The Princes to govern the country, and the Ports not to meddle either directly or indirectly. ' 4. The Porte not to interfere in any private differences. "5. The boundaries of Moldavia to remain unchanged. "6. The MIahomedan religion prohibited in Moldavia. "7. No Mahomedan to possess real property in Moldavia. "8. Trade with Ioldavia to be open to all nations, but the Turks to have the preference if they should wish to purchase the produce of the country. The Turks must, however, trade at Galatz, Ismail, and Killa, as they wil not be allowed to penetrate further into the country without the express permission of the Prince. "9. Mloldavia shall preserve the title of 'Independent,' and it shaU be given in all letters addressed by the Porte to the Prince. " 10. Turks bringing letters from the Porte to the Prince to remain on the right bank of the Danube. The Governor of Galatz to send across the river for them, and forward them to the Prince. * "1L. The Moldavian Prince to be elected by the nation and recognized by the Porte without the least difficulty. "12. The country to be pretected by Turkey when the 3loldavian nation shall denmand aid and assistance. - "13. For all these advantages tho country makes an annual present (psckacsek) of 4,000 ducats to the Porte." In s1666 the- P-asha of Silistria having greaty annoyed the Wallachians, the Porte gave orders that all the habitations constructed by Turks on the left bank of the river should be destroyed, and the Wallachians left in peace. The form employed by the Porte in the Hatti-Sheriffs addressed to Moldavia and Wallachia has invariably been, " A country enjoying full liberty and self-government." In the year 1834 the followirng remarkable E[attiSheriff-was issued by the Sultan Mabmoud "It having been 'found necessary to establish on a more solid basis the internal administration of the two countries, we have resolved that the Princes of Moldavia and Wallachia saclu be chosen far life. They, conjointly with their Divans, shall direct the internal affairs of their countries without the interference of any one, and without any order being issued to detract from their rights. All the isles belonging to the left bank of the Danube shall form an integral part of the two Principalities, and the middle of the river, from its entrance into the Ottoman States to its conduence with the Pruth, shall form the boundary of the two countries. The Porte promises not to maintain fortresses or any other establishments on the left bank of the Danube. No Mfahomedan can reside on the left bank of the river, and no merchants shall be permitted to enter the country excepting those who have a special permission and come to purchase goods on their own account, or that of the Ottoman Government. The two Principalities having an independent internal adminisration can establish quarantines and sanitary cordons along the Danube and wherever they may consider them neces sary." As compensation for the above-mentioned concessions, Wallachia agreed to pay an annual tribute of 4,000 and Moldavia 2,000 purses. As no part of the foregoing can possibly apply to that portion of Bessarabia which is now to be ceded to Moldavia, there is no reason why any forts which rmay be constructed on the left bank of the Pruth should not be intrasted to the safe keeping of the Turks. The Moldavians are such a degenerate and corrupt race that they are not to be trusted. The birth of an heir to the French throne has produced less effect here than mnight have been expected. The Viennese wish well to the dynasty of Napoleon, but they have no great confidence in the durability of the present state of things, and drily remark " that there may be many ups and downs in France before the new heir to the throne attains his 18th year." The only local news is, that to-morrow thanksgivings will be offered up to the Most High by the French in this city " for the birth of an Imperial Prince ot France." RUSSIA. (FRnOa OUR OWN CORPRZPONDjNT.) BERLI, fARnc 1 General Prince Menschikoff IM has Ieft St. Petersburg for Moscow, as is believed, on his way to Wicholaieff, to confer there with MIetlin, the commander of the naval department, and MIessner, the commander of the Danubian fotilla. The Ministry of Marine has, it appears, deputed him to collect materials for its information with regard to the stock and state of the vessels afloat belonging to the Blaclk Sea, as well as of the building yards on its coasts. There are about 30 smaall craft of the Black Sea row-boat flotilla now lying at Rion, and it is assumed that the conclusion of a peace will not interfere with their application to their original destination. It appears that it is to Admiral Prince Menschikoff that the Grand Duke Constantine and the Russian nation at large are indebted for that remarkable lecture to the officials of the Minstry of Marine on the necessity of truthfulneas im their reports of which I lately lately sent you the text. (The text is not yet published in any journal in Russia). The total impossibility of arriving, at the real state of the case by means of official reports had long been obvious to the Grand Duke, but it was Menschikoff that first pointed outto himwhatfearful abuses and of ofical hraeolgy. tistat~ tat y alarge number f the scldnonilcs,or GovrnmentOfli.- cials, this steD on the part of the Grand DThNa! is greeted with satisfaction, as tending to raise in t1hnin class the feeling of personal honour and integrity. Prince Menschikoff was the man who did away with the old style of military despatches, as they used to, be forwarded not long ago fromr the Caucasus, in w hich the list of the killed was always confined to "one Cossack." He assigned to this imaginary individual, who was continually dying inthe servce of his country, a place among the blessed above, and threatened, in case of his revisiting head-quarters, to promote him to the rank of a Russian General, which would effectually interfere with his return to Heaven. It may be observed enr 1xassat that few things contributed more at the beginning of the late war, to impress Europe with a false and low idea of the strength of the Russian military forces than this sudden and unexpected return to truth-speaking on the part of the commanders; -we had been accustomed to assume the truth at somewhat less than half of the numbers officially stated, and were consequently slurprised to find the reaWlity always exceeding our computations. Among other reforms about to be introduced into the Russian Empire is rumoured that of the entire administration of justice; this, however, will meet with almost insuperable difficulties on the side of the Ways and Means. It willibe in vain to expect probity from officials whose salaries do not furnish them with anything like the means of subsistence. There are many men in office, more particularly in the Department of Justice, who receive no more than 150 silver roubles a-year as salary; and as they contrive to live in very good style, eveninthat most expensive capital St. Petersburg, there can be no doubt of their making ulp for the deficiency of their salaries by a variety of unauthorized perquisites, or perhaps worse. The secretaries of the different local courts in the various circles into which each govemment is divided are remunerated with just three silver roubles per month for their service, but this does not interfere with their living qFi the fat of the land, and enjoying themselves as though they had each a little California for their own private use and enjoyment. The Minister of Justice has, on his part, given an earnest of future reforms by publishing periodically extracts from all the petitions he receives, together with the date of presentation, and the answer that has been assigned to each. It has hitherto always been forbidden to the five so-called " noxious" sects of the Russo-Greek church to procure substitutes for themselves, when drawn for military service, out of the orthodox population; at the instance of Count Bludno, Chief of the 2d department of the Imperial Chaucellerie, the pro fessors of all other Christian and non-Christian coifessions are forbidden to provide for themselves substitutes out of any other denomination than their owsn. These five " noxious" sects are the Malokany, Duchaborzi, Ikonoborzi, Indeistwyjuschtschie, and the Skopzi; the innoxioussects are the Stavomorzen and the Boskolniks; these have externally recognized the Czar as the secular head of the church, but indulge, however, in a mental reservation on the subject. The clergy of the orthodox church are, naturally enough, the zealous upholders of the Czar's prerogatives, while the Staromorzen, as dissenters at heart, are always to be found among the malcontents; the latter are most niumerous among the so-called great Russians, and the proprietors of landed property. The Gipsies also, who have hithierto-been exempted from the necessity of military service, are in future, inso far as they are to be met with settled and domiciled in towns or villages liable to taxes, to be brought under the general obligation of serving in the army. Now that the carnival is at an end in St. Petersburg (its chief manifestation is confined to the recreation of the lower classes during the last week), attention seems to be turned with increased earnestness to what is going on in Paris; what little transpires of the results of the transactions there is not thought of a very saftsfactory nature. The measures about to be extended by the Sultan to the professors of the Greek church are not deemed to be by any means an adequate indemnification for what they are to lose. They are, it is true, to be put on an equal footing .ith all other religionists, but their secular privileges-their coperation in the administration of justice in the assessment of tax:ation, &rc.-ae to be taken,fr.om.them; and yet. it -was the securing of these that constituted the very sum and substance of the original demands made upon. the Sultan by Prince Menschikoff -viz., that the privileges which the Greek population had enjoyed, ab. antiqzo, should be furmly secured to them. Prince Italinisil (Count Suwaroff Rymnialki) is to have the command of the -corps d'armiw on the Baltic in the place of General Sievers, who retires on account of ill health, and is about to visit some of the mineral springs of Germany in search of a cure. A variety of instructions have been issued of late by the Government with regard to the administra-tion of telegraphs throughout the country, which serve to show in how great a degree they are an object of interest. Uip to the present time the reports upon the traffic of despatches have been sent in daily; they are now to be sent' in every month. Officers who have been wotuded or severely injured in the late war, without being positively invalided, are to have a preference in the appointments to the telegraph station. The household of the Grand Duke Nicholas, and the keeping up of the countrypalace at Zarskoe Selo are to be provided for by an annual allowance of 70,000 silver roubles provided for in the State t Budget. The army of the Cossacks of the Don has presented its congratulations to the Emperor on the occasion. of the mrrimage of the GrandDuke Constantine; and the Emperor has acknowledged this " fresh token of their indestructible devotion"' in a letter of thanks. The Emperor has passed a severe censure upon the Governor of Kaluga, and the members of the committee intrusted with the- organization of the militia of Kaluga, for the very bad state of their boots, cartouche-boxes, shovels, and bilhooks. The Commander of the Vladimir Militia has been suspended from his functions, and made over to the discretion of the Commander-in-Chief of the Central Army. ITALY. (rRloX OUR OWN eoREroNDzENT.) TURI, MARcu 17. Soon after the telegraph had announced to the world yesterday morning the tidings that an heir had been born to the Emperor of the French, M. Cibrario, Minister for Foreign Affairs, waited on the Due de Gramont to offer the King of Sardinia?s [ congratulations on the happy event, and shortly afterwvards all the CorpsDiplomatique had called on the French evening M. Cibrario gave a dinner at the Foreign-office to all the representatives of foreigncountries at present here. Our Opera season was brought to a conclusion last nig,ht, afer a very unsatisfactory campaign for both the manager and the public, the former being (as it is said) a heavy loser, an the latter having been constantly dissatisfied. A private letter from Sienna of the 10th inst. gives the follow account of a demonstration there in favour of the celebrated artiste MLaria Piecolomini:- "W We left Florence yesterday to be present at the benefi; of the P iiccolomini before her departure for Mantua and Paris. A great many Florentines were with us, bound on the same errand as ourselves, and the railway station was positively encumbered with bouquets of white and red camelias, ordered by her admirers, said to have been to the value of more than 100 dollar The theatre was densely crowded; every passage was choked by people who could not find standing room in the pit-far more, in fact, than the house was ever intended to held. The opera was Verdi's Trovatore. After the fist act the people lost all control over their feelings; they continued con. stantly applauding their favourite before the curtain, and showering bouquets at her feet. This 'was re. peated at the conlusion of each act, and at the ftnae it appeared as if they never would cease. For half an hour she was obliged to remain and receive this boisterous homage. She was deluged with bouquetb, crowned with garlands, and, amid waving of handkerchiefs, clapping of hands, shouting of rives, accompanied with balloons sent from the boxes, and goldleaf and flowers thrown on the stage, she wvasat length allowed to retire, but not before the lights were being extinguished. At the door she was received by the gentlemen of Sienna with candles,who formed a procession to light her home, preceded by aband of music. It was truly a most interesting sight, and one that must have been deeply felt by the person in whose honour it took place." I learn by a telegrapLic despatch from lHaples (which, by the way, has been little more expeditious that the ordlinary post) that a Royal dlecree has at le-ngth been promulgat-ed there, permitting-, the e.-- port of wlheat at a duty of 20 carlini the cantar, Indian com at 12 carlini, and oats at 10 carlini the cantar. The despatch adds that the publicstion of the decree haul harl no effect on prices. A letter frozf Milan says that the arTangements 3nade for the Lombard railways had given mich satisfaction there, ard it wras hoped they wpuldnow soon be extended towards Piedmont at the three places formerly ixed on-viz., Pavia, Novara, and Sesto Calende. The prospect of retnning peace has naturally produced here an infinity of speculations more or leas hazardous, and which wil, no doUbt, como before the public soon in the most attractive forms. A Credit Mobilier has been organized, a CreditFoncier is about to be so, and. there is a scheme now before Parliament for a colonization company on a large scale for the island of Sardinia, with a capital,of 20,0000,00f., and a grant from Government of 60,000 hectares of land at a very moderate raTe. As the chief promoters of this scheme have not yet .msde public their plan of operations it is impossible judg,e fairly of their probable success, but in the commission of the Chamber of Deputies before which it has been argued there seems a fear that, desirable as it is to see the island again brought to the condition of an exporting country, there is- reason to fear that an association such as that proposed would not be the mUost effectual means for the purpose. A grand diplomatic banquet was given on the 7Tth by the Minister of Foreign Affairs at Turin in honour of the King's birthday. The British A mbassador, Sir J. Hudson, proposed a toast to the Kin, to which thle Minister of Foreign Afairs replied by proposing the health of the Allied Sovereigns, with some congratuiatory allusions to the happy birth of the hereditary Prince of Franoe. The Duke. of Grammont returned thanks, and proposed the health of the Pixices and Princesses of Savoy. The Corriere Mercantile of Genoa of the lflh states that the enlistments for the Anglo-Italian Legion have been suspended in consequence oj orders from London. The 2d Regiment, stationed at Susa, is shortly to proceed to Genoa, thence to be shipped to Malta. lYe-mentioned some time ago that-the Danes du Sacre Cceur of Chambery had been prosecuted for keeping a school without due authorization firom the Government, and been condemned with costs. The (Upinione of Turin of the 18th now states that the Court of Appeal of Chambery has reversed the decision of the lower Court, and that it is likely the public prosecutor will appeal against this aentence. SPAIN. (FBoM o ou ow- cor EmOKDZST.) MADITIUD, ,L-RcH 16. It is expected that the debates on the budget of receipts will commence to-morrow, the separate reports of Senors Orense and Alfonso being discussed. first. General Zabala is expected to present to the Cortes to-morrow the treaty made with France on the boundary question. The Aragonese depaties gave a dinner yesterday evening, at the M1inistry of Public Works, to the representatives of the French Great Central Raiway Company, the Mtinisters, President, and Secretaries of the Cortes, and various high officials and directors of journals being invited to the same. The Esp0n7a states, on the faith of a Paris letter, that AL de Lavalette is coming here as French Ambassador, in place of 3L de Turgot, attributing it to his intimacy with Count Mormy, and his wife being a relation of the Princess Maithilde. Senor Enrique, a landed proprietor, and member of the Provincial Deputation of the province of Ciudad Real, has been carried off when on a shooting expedition by three men on horseback, who demand $3,000 for his ransom. The e-Mhinister Don Francisco 1artinez de la Rosa has just been elected a member of the Academy of Sciences of Lisbon. It was his brother, Don Diego, who died lately, andawhich event gave rise to the erroneous statement of some journals here. There is a public " Capella Real" to-day, in consequence of its being Palm Sunday. Their Majesties will attend. It is not expected that the public ceremonies which usually take place at the Palace in Holy Week will do so this year, and it is understood to be the Queen's present intention to remain at the Palace this year, relinquishing her usual spring visit to Aranjuez and summer one to the Escorial or 1a Gra-nja;
THE BEIRLIN DUEL. The Nortli Prussian. Ga:ett, of the 17th inus, ontrin the following declaration sent to it for pu}lication by Herr von Eochow, of Krahne, the brother of Herr von Hrinkeldey's opponent:- " The accounts, partly incorrect and partly false, that have been circulated concerning the cause of the duel between the Director-General of Police, Herr von Hinkeldey, and Herr von Rochow, of Plessow, make it incumbent on me, as the brother of the latter, to make known the following particulars, the truth of which in every sense I guarantee. The conduct of the police towards the members of the Jockey Club in the month of June lt year induced my brother to lodge a complaint, which led to the punishment, for breach of disci line, and removal of Herr D-, the lieutenant of poice, and *f afforded to my brother the satisfaction of seeing the officiai acts of Herr D- condemned as unjustifable, and as injurious to the parties who had suffered bythem. In a conversation that took place respecting this affair between my brother, accomp bnie byHerr-, and the DirectorGeneral of Police von Hinkeldey, the latter made to them a communication which my brother considered himself bound, after he had taken down ibh expressions, and verified their accuracy by written and verbal conference vith Herr-, to repeat to two other gentlemen,the parties most concerned. One of these gentlemen, belonging to the military profession, considered himself obliged in consequence to lay the case before the Council of Honou. which step caused the putting of a question to Herr von Hinkeleldey. In reply, Herr von Hinkeldey declared officially that he haad not made that communication to Herr ToIL Rochow and Herr -. The military tribunal aboveaamed, -upon receivin this answer, declined proceeding further in the affair. Through Herr von HinkeldAy's official declaration my brother lay under the imputation of having uttered an untruth; but being, on his side, convinced that he had strictly and faithully reported the expressions of Herr von Hinkeldey, he complained through the offiIal channel, and demanded, by stating the affair and bringing forward Herr - as a witness, that Herr von Hinkeldey should be nade acquainted with his plaint, and that he should be induced to make such a declaration as to render it possible for him (the complainant) to alter his opinion that Herr von Einlkeldey had officially uttered, an untruth. This plaint led to Xvarious other steps, but in the cause itself to no further result than the judicial decision, imparted to my brother, that no reason appeared for officialy prosecuting the matter. In the course of these negotiations it transpired that Herr von Hinkeldeythought and maintained that his communication had not been as represented, and that it did not bear the con. struenon put on it by Messrs. von Eochow and - bat that he had merely made it hypothetically, and, moreover, confidentially. This latter assertion was not assented to by my brother; on the contrary, it was dez claredpositively by him, as well as by Herr -, that Herr von Hinkeldey had made no appeal to the discretion of himself or Herr-, in sO far as that expression was concerned, but solely for another part of the conversation; and upon this point he and Herr - were entirely agreed from the very first, when the purport of the conversation in question was verifed between them. By brother attached such importance to this poit that he made the omissior, of it by Herr von Hinkledey the conditions of a settlement soUht to be arranged bythemediationofathirdpaztv. This con tion was also accepted by Herr von Hinkeldoy, and thus an undertanding -was effected respecting the contents of a declaration which the latter was to nake touching the disputed expression tht had given rise to the proceedings. But an understanding could rot be effected respecting the form in wrhich this declaration was to be dravwn np. The case appeared quite as little to the judieWt authorities as it did to Herr von Hinkeldey himself to warrnt a legaL plaint, even on the grounds of prirate. wrong, although my brother emphatically repudiated thc insinuation made of his wishing to provoke a duel, and although hre expressly resorted to this judicia mde of vindication. Under such circumstiances, my brother thought he need entertain no scruple of presenting to one of the gentlemen named above, who requests it, acopy of the resolution adopted by the militarytribunal, declining the mediation of the Council of Honour, together with coments of his own on the steps actually tken or intended to be taken byhimself with the authorities im order to obtain an official settlement. Having been m*e acquainted with the resolution in question, HerrVon Hin. keldey sent my brother a challenge to fight a dael with pistols. The issue of that duel has been aledy mad' nown by the lumpire, Hierr von der Mairwits, whose statement was published in No. 61 of The New Pruniam Gkdt for the 15th of Mareb, this year.: " A. VONROCIHOWofEin " Berlin, MIarch 17, 1856."X CAXtDu F IxPRoxz .- The Iarehiojnes oE Bute has given instruction6 for the erection of a new street from the towrn to the dockg. It is to be 60 feet in width, with rescents and squares, and to be planted its entire length with trees. Lage bodies of men have been met to work. The Marchioness is also about to erect almshouses and has likewise determinedto turn a largo piece of laulinto gardens and ornamental grounds. Two new banls are abouttobe opened in Cardiff-viz., Bailey and Co., and W.i114naand Co., and writh these improvements and sina eo£ nprosperity the extension of the dook accommodation is aldig place. A newr college is to be erected at a oost of 3O,OOOJ.atIandaf,for female orphanQ of the dtrgy, ia cqcXezio with HordSJ Charity.
I THE CAPITULATION OF KAR. Tlhe strong letter of the 8th of December, sent by Colonel lilliams to Lord Stratford, had, as was not unnatural, been received by the latter as a formal attack upon himself, and he replies to it in two elaborate despatches to the Foreign-office, of the date5 of December 28th and January 21st. For his long silence he excuses himself only partialy .- " It remains for me to say a word respectinn my silence towards Colonel Williams. It has, in trailh, continued lotager than I intended. It originated in my anxiety not to occasion disappointment by announcimg measures which inightormight not be carr-edinto effect. I knew that during the winter season little, comparatively, could be done; and I preferred, under the pressure of business flowing im abundantly from other sources, to give my correspondent an answer in full, rather than keep up a succession of partial mcommunications. To this may be added the total want of punctualitywith which of late the packets for Trebizonde mave Ieft Constantinople. It has happened more than once -tbat the opportunitv was not brou"ht to mny knowledge till -sithin an hour or two of the vesseY;s departure. Thus to the motive for not making preparation was added the difficulty of writing at the moment for want of time." The Turl.h officials at Constantinople "c are not without circumstances to excuse, though not entely to justify, the slowness" of their proceed- -"Winter, distance, roads scarcely passable, want of funrds, the e-xtent of evil to be cured, the scarcity of truAtworthy officers, the greater interest of operations elsewhere, the illness of Ismail Pasha,-all these causes of diflculty, and others which might be enumerated, have concurred top +rduce hesitation and delay. I regret the existence of ;such o'bstacles, and blame the Turkish M1inisters for not surnmountin-gthemwith more activity. But can I wonder? lio4. Corruption, ignorance, prejudice, want of public spirit, and the instincts of selfishness engender the same consequences wherever they prevail in long habitual exuberance. Such cankers, wide-spreading and deep-rooted, have everbeen the harbingers and instruments of ruin, except in those few and favoured States where public opinion proclaims the danger and suggests the remey in time. "Eas Englanditself been always without a taint? Have -we never heard of Bacon or of Marlborough? Have we forgotten the memoirs of Pepys, the profligacies of his day, and the one claim of an exiled Sovereign to the gratitude of iis country? Are not the denunciations of Burke still ringing nourears? Place, time, and circumstance vary altogether, but the disease differs only in degree. In Turkey it has reached the stage of extreme virulence; in Christendom, generally, it is in abeyance, or shows itself only under ulaldforms; inRussiait mingles with the system of admimistrati,on, and would, no doubt, fulfil its mission there, as elsewhere, if the power and energy of Government did not :maintain a counteracting vitality. "Within the last few days Ihave learnt from one of the TurLish Ministers, on whom I can rely,in this instance, that the real cause of the culpable inattention shown last year by the Turkish authorities to the wants of the army in Asia was the jealousy entertained by Mehemet Ali Pasha, first Grand Vizier, andsubsequently SerasLier, of hiehemet Rouzdi Pasha-at one time his colleague and at another threatening to become his successor. "Unhappily, this is by no means a solitary instance. The - present Seraskier (Riza Pasha) and Omar Pasha have long been at variance with each other. lutual accusations take place, and, while the SerasLier asserts that he has sent amplesupplies to the ary in Roumelia, the Generalissimo complains of being neglected, and all is contradiction and m uncertainty, except one painful fact-the suffering of the The application for the title of Ferilk for Colonel Williams was, Lord Stratford allows, not formally made. He himself thinks that the want of the rank in question did not operate unfavourably for the commissioner:- "I have now to conclude by acknowledging, without disguise, that there exists no record of my havmg applied in -wrlting for a formal recognition of General Waiams as :EHer Majests commissioner to the army of Kars. On looking back to your Lordship's instructions I cannot but admit that, in strict propriety, 1 ought to have done so, and I am really at a loss to discover how it happened that I omdtted so obvious a formality. In the absence of any apparent reason for the omission I must presume that the very facilities of my position with respect to the Turkish '3inisters betrayed me into an inadvertency which I regret, Ahocgh, in point of fact, it was of so little practical limuortance as to escape the notice of General Williams lhiself, in so far as my recollection serves, and to leave him in full possession of the advantages imparted to him by his public character and the confidence of Her Majesty's Govecmment. His own correspondence has abundantly recorded the attentions and honours with which he was received at Erzeroum and at Kars." This extract is taken from Lord Stratford's despatch of January 6, but its tenour shows that he -was either unaware of the existence of the despatch of Consul Brant of December 7, of which we have eiven an extract, For that he discredited the information contained in it. His palliation of the shortcomings of the Turkish executive during the winter of 1854, the time when -our own army was perishing on the plateau of Sebastopol, might almost be taken for a satire upon the Home Government .- " Let it be remembered that the war began in hesitation and weakness even on the Danube; that the army in Asia vas naturally a secondary object; that the known defects =ad abuses of Turkish administration were no less rife in the military than in other departments; that officers of knowledge and capacity were scarce; that the deficiencies of the line were necessarily supplied by hordes of undisciplined fanatics; that the Sultan's revenue was altogether inadequate; and that all these general causes of evil were aggravated. asto the army in Asia, by distance, by almost impassable roads, and at times by the rigours of a severe climate, to say nothing of personal intrigues and official jealousies, which are not confin2ed to that army," It is plain, however, that Lord Stratford's notion of thejposition which the British Commissioner was i.tended to occupy differed altogether from that -which the latter felt himself compelled to assert. The distance between the two policies kept continuacy increasing, and at last the dissatisfaction wbich hac been so long smouldering broke forth in the following appeal to Lord Clarendon, the importance of which will excuse its length - " No. 135. `Lo3D STRATFORD DE RE3DCLIFFE TO TIE EARL or CLAREXsDox.-(Received March 1.) "Constantinople, Feb. 19, 1855, Seventeen despatches, which, together with their respective enclosures, I received at once from Brigadier-General Villiams the day before yesterday, are, doubtless, forwarded to your Lordship bythe present opportunity. " Whatever the Queen's commissioner requires, on military grounds, for the maintenance or improvement of the Sultan's army to which he is addressed I shall continue to rurge on the attention of the Ottoman Government. Whatever appears to me beyond the limits of his commission and of questionable advantage I shall feel myself at liberty to reserve for special instructions from your Lordship. Nomere defect of authorityor errorinform shall prevent me from trying to obtain whatever may appear to my judgment substantially conducive to the advantage of tiht service which, under present circumstances, is closely connected in some respects with our own. From personal altercation and controversial correspondence with those -ho, in sundry degrees, are called upon to act in concert wth me, mnder Her Majesty's commands, it is my desire and study, as it is my duty, to abstain. " Adhering to theseprinciples of conduct, I leave entirely to your Lordship's correction whatever may be found in the tone and temper, as well as the substance, of the commissioner's despatches at all inconsistent with what is due to me as Her Majesty'sAmbassadorat this Court. Much as I am alive to the provocation under which I pursue this course, I cannot pretend to the merit of making any sacrifice, so long as I have reason to rely on your Lordship's impartiality and just appreciation of my claims to support in the exercise of those functions which I derive from the J4flest authority in the State. 'It is useless, however, for me to avoid, by the most -Scrupulous method of proceeding, such clashes of opinion or =onduct as tend to impede the public business, unless I have a distinct knowledge of my correspondent's position%and of our reciprocal obligations towards each other and towards -the Porte. It is not enough for me to know in general terms that Brigadier-GeneraQ Wiliams is a military officer, nstructed to act as Her Majesty's commissioner with tne army atXrs. It is further desirable that I should bo made acquainted with the extent of his powers on the spot, with the degree to which he is independent of the Commandern-Chief, and how far it is expected by Her Mfajesty's Goversnent that I shall insist on obedience to his demands, with.out reEerence to any doubts entertained of their e-rpediencr, either by the,Porte or bytme, Df appears that the commissioner asserts in practice a zight of being obeyed without hesitation, whether the .object of his suggestion be the punishment or removal of an a6fficer accused by him,- the correction of an abuse, the introduction of an improvement, or the direction of a military operation. If such are his power,s, I know not in what he (hffers from a commander-in-chief, except that he is not. ;hargcd writwh taking the field in person and directing the rhole of the operations on his single responsibility. The :Iorte most certainly does not put this construction OFL theauthority with which he is invested, nor have I so read my nlstructions as to ask for more on his behalf than a fair reliance on his judgment in matters affecting the administration of an army, a respectful attention to his advice and *pggestions for the promotion of its efficiency, and that amonnt of confidence as to military movements and plans ,;hich ought to be inspired by the intimate relations subststing between the respective Governrments. 0" Observing in your Lordship's instraction to General Villuamstbat he is directed to maintain the most friendly ralalions with the Turkish officers, I venture to ask whether the tone which he has assumed towards them, the abraptneeg of hIs charges, theviolence of his threats, the dictatorial riprt which, according to his own account, has generaUy characterized his proceedings, can be said to correspond with that intention,or to favour those dispositions to reform which it is our object to produce no less at Kars than throughout be Turkish em pre. " We ghould bo inconsistent with ourselves if we sought ta tample down what remains of Turkish independence. Were we constrained to undertake the invidioLus task, we: nu4t act by agreement with those who might otherwise cast their hiLds into the scale of a sinking Government, and we amAt be prepared to support ourpreteul6gns by a command ing superirty of force and example. Looking to the individ 1 alwo, rightly or not, haa taken so high a postion, camwt,*se.l from the Turks that he s lable to al tho .e*ich may arise from ignorance of the national languag*m, and want of practical experience in the field. - !hese ses-eral points will be found the more desorving of ourLorshi a onsdertio woa you bear inauind that GeneralWilliams has caUed upon me to have the Quarantine Station removed from the road leading to Persia on exclusive military grounds, and that he has declared his Ieventual intention of treating the new Commander-in-Chief Iof the arny to which he has been sent in a manner which Iwould not only create a feeling of resentment in the Pashi's mind, but act most unfavourably on our means of reclaimiing the Porte from its corrupt and negligent habits of administration. [This expression probably refers to the following sentence in a despatch of General Wiliams to the Earl of Clarendon, dated Erzeroum, February 5, 1855:" I have just heard-of the arrival at Trebizonde of the Provisional Mushir of this army; and I trust that I need not assure your Lordship that if he does not support me in the victualing and reform of it I shall pursue such a course towards him aswill, I am aure. call down upon his head the indignation and vengeance of Her Majesty's Government."3 "'I have not yet found time to give more than a cursory perusal to the numerous despatches addressed to me or to yourLordship by General WliUiams. But I think it my duty to lose no time in bringing under your Lordship's consideration, however imperfectly, such obvious impressions as a first acquaintance with their contents and apurehension of their consequences in future have suggested to me." During the winter the British Commissioner continued at Erzeroum, using the utmost endeavours to procure the transmission of provisions, fuel, and military stores toKarsand Toprak-Kaleh, and toprevent the too great separation of the troops. He was supported by the goodwill of Ismail Pasha, the governor of the province, but the age and infirmities of this functionary rendered him unfit for the duties of a post which required the energies of a Wellesley or a Gortschakoff. One of the most unfortunate of his half-mesures was the formation of a dep6t of provisions at Yenikeui, instead of sending thenm on to Ears. They all fell into the hands of the Russians in the summer, and contributed mainly to enable them to continue their blockade of the latter town. But the difficulties of transport were enormous. The following despatch to General Williams from his faithful coadjutor, Lieutenant Teesdale, gives a graphic description of an Armenian winter scene. The table land, it should be remembered, of which he speaks, is about twice the height of Helvellyn above the level of the sea:- " Kars,January 20, 1855. "Sir,-Raving arrivedl at the town safely on thenight of the 18th inst., I do not think I shaU be able to give you a better idea of the state of the road, or rather country, between this and Erzeroum than by describing our journey. "After leaving Erzeroum we reached Hassan-Kaleh in eight hour The road is well beaten by caravans, and is not difficult in any part, but for caravans orladen horses the distance must now be reckoned at ten hours at least. "On the following day we proceeded to Keupri-33eui, taking only three hours, the road being still good. " From Eeupri-Keuiwemnarchedto Khorassan, the road for the first three hours being well beaten by caravans;after this, however, it becomes a mnere track-, but still not very difflcult. '-From Xhorassan to Yenikeui the road was obliterated, and we with considerable difficulty reached Yenikeui in eight hours. r ceadving Yenikeui as soon after daylight as possible, we proceeded on our journey, but on the higMi table land above the village aU trace of a track was effaced, and the snow lay to such a depth that the horses fell at every step, and, after contendisg obstinately against every diffliculty, we were forced to return to Yenikeui, having thoroughly exhausted the horses, and having laboured for four hours to get across a space traversable in fine weather in a few minutee. "On the foUowing day we renewed the attempt, accompanied by three men of the cavalry detachment. We forced our way for about an ordinary hour's distance across the lain, i'te of extremely bad weather; but were then roght toa standstill by the exhaustion of the horses and by the storm rendering it impossible to see more than a few yards in any direction, and our own tracks being obliterated by the wind and snow as soon as formed. From this difficulty we were relieved by a Zaptieb, who had been travelngin an opposite direction, and who guided us to a large khan close at hand, which has recently been constructed, and would serve as a refuge for between 200 and 300 men and horses. Having waited for a break in the weather, we pushed forward, ana arrived towards evening at Bardos. "We next morning ascended the Soghanli-Dagh, the road to the summit being well marked. The descent was more difflcult, but still passable, and we atrived at Laloglu in six hours. The road was now well worn by caravans and by big trees being dragged across the snow, so that, leaving the baggage behind, we changed horses, and galloped into Kars in four hours. " Such, Sir, is the state of the roads over which al stores must be conveyed from Erzeroum to this garrison, but decidedly the most difficult and most dangerous part of the road is between Yenikeui and Bardos; and, while the storehouses at Yenikeui, though good, are limited, those at Bardos are capable of containing an almost unlimited supply of every kind of provision necessary for the army. "I have, &c. "C. TESDALE." The jealousies of the Turkish officials would, however, have probably baffEed the efforts of Isnaail Pasha, even had the roads of Armenia been like those of England and the season the height of summer. The malicious Shukri Pasha, when out of the sight ofthe commissioner, did not fail to endeavour to thwarthin. At a drinking party of Pashas he asked the assembled guests <c why they allowed themselves tobe treated lik-e chaousches by him." On this occasion Kerim Pasha appears to have warmly resented the affront, and worthily upheld his patron's cause. But it was plain to General Williams that it now was necessary to-the public interests that yet more power should be put into his hands, and he wrote the following despatch to the Ambassador at Constantinople "BnIGADIE-GssxAL WILIAMS TO LORSD STRATFORD DE REDCLrsFE. " Erzeroum, Jan. 29, 1855. "cMyLord,-I had to-day a long interview with the Governor-General and Shukri Pasha on the subject of the supply of provisions for Kars. and after hearing an endless seres of complaints against T;erim Pasha and Sirri Pasha,* wehodirect the military -and civil administration of that garrison, I found it impossible to induce them to come to any coniprehensive plan for carrying out the duties of their office. "Lieutenant Teesdale's reports will speak for themselves, and'I feel jusdfied in saying that his zeal and intelligence are most praiseworthy; yet we shall only arrive at disgrace in April next if the Turkish Government allows this state of things to continue-that is, two parties, one at each end of the lne of operations, whose whole thoughts are bent upon enriching themselves and starving the soldiers; not a spark of duty or patriotism is to be found in their breasts. But these men must not be allowed to disgrace us. " As a Ferik and a member of the Military Medjlis, I can shield the army from such a fate; but, to enable me to do so, I beg your Excellency to send me, at the earliest possible moment, a Vizirial letter, together with a written order by the Serashier, naming me the 'Director of the purchase and forwarding of the suppEles of Kars and the outposts.' These-documents should be accompanied by positive orders, addressed to the Governor-General and Ailitary Medjlis, enjoining them to followv my advice, and instantly to act on n.y directions. This course is the only one that can keep this army together until a General be appointed to commiand it. "1 have, &c., "W. F. WILLIAMS." This demand was referred by Lord Stratford to the home Government, which supported it in a despatch of the date of March 7. At the beginning of February Vassif Pasha, the Alushir who had been so long expected, arrived at Erzeroum. Gbneral Willis sent a letter to meet him and prepare hin for what he was to expect. After compliments on his arrival, he proceeds- " As your Excellency vwll be engaged for the first few days after your arrival in receiving the military authorities, I thini- it wise, as the commissioner of Her Majesty the Queen, to offer your Excellency a few remarks intended to imneet you on the road. They are perfectly confidential, and are written in Turkish by Mr. Churchill, the English secrttary. "I think it wise to keep the money your Escellency is bearing tothe anmy in your own hands until I can confer with you, and I shall then be prepared to advise you to pay the soldiers a' reasonable proportion of their arrears, ;but Knot to allo,wthe generals or colonels to touch one ~para, unru ti nos who have abused their trusts and robbed the Sultan shall have been tried and punished for their crimes; that must be the first act. I trust also that the remainder of the money in hand will be used for the instant purchase of provions and horses for theartillery and cavalry, letting the old standing debts stand over for the next arrival of money from Constantinople. "'I warn your Excellency to avoid placing trust in the accounts of the present Defterdar of the army, nor in the excuses of Shukra Pasha relative to his past conduct. "I can give you every possible information and positive proof relative.to the crimes committed in the army at Kars and I have just sent an officer of the staff to Keupri-Keul Toprah-Kaleb, Zuch-Reissa, and Byazid, to report on the state of the troops, and to send me the news as soon as pos'sible, when I will have the honour of communicating the particulars to your Excellency. :" I send this letter on the road to meet your Excellency bhut all my time is at your disposal after you shall have establis'hed yourself. " Not a day is to be lost, and the high character which your Excellency holds in the Sultan's opinion leads me to ialyour arrival at the head-quarters of this army as a signal for reforms which will be known to your Sovereign, and wil resound throughout Europe. "I have, &c., Te W. F. WILLTAMS, QuTh een of England's Commissioner.'- The punishment of the guilty officials was the point which General Wiiarams at this time thought the most important of all-. "II am ignorant (he writes to Lord Clarendon) of the precise instructions held by the Provisional Mushir from th Seraskier on this -head, but he will find me inflexible- and if he be ont ready to act he will be made to onfesit before he is 24 hours in this head-quarters. -" We have now in store at Kai-s bread for 50 days, barley for 90 days. and rice for 10 days, so that I have breathing timne tc look round for contractors, and I hope to avoid dis- grace in the sprint." The " preciseinstructions" were indeed very different from what the British Commissioner desired. Thu -ae -hofllwin, tarig-date January 28, 1855. It wil be observed that not only is General Williams's office as commissioner unrecognized, but that it is only in the contingency of an attack being made upon the Turkish forts that his advice is suggested as likely to be beneficial:- (TraDslation.) "As the numerous thigs written on the article of war, and of their being brought under a systematic and technical application, are subjects of delicate importance, it is impossible to enter hereupon this great and weighty subject. His Excellency the Commander-in-Chief is versed in the art of war and in military matters, and as, mnore especially, the manneriu which the circumstances below re!ated, and the necessary measures to be scientifically and wisely a,p plied with respect to them, are not known, it is decided that it is not requisite to furnish him with faull instructions on thesubject; and a few needful suggestions are therefore only made to him. '- A temporary Board has been instituted for looking to the administration of the army in question and for attending to its affairs comformably with the military system and regulations. The settlement and execution of all military matters in conformity with the instructions and system, and with the orders to be issued by his Excelency the Soraskier, by the Board in question as now established in its complete state, and in other ways, and the necessary supplies of grain, &-c., for the rtions of the Imperial troops have been already provided for by the Govermmentfrom the necessary quarters, and up to this time a considerable quantity has been sent to Erzeroum. 3f there be any deficiency in the provisions allotted, the Commander-in-Chief will enter into comrmunication with the authorities of those places, and see that proper measures are taken for feeding the troops and providing for their comfort, as far as that is possible with reference to place. " Winter is not the season for military operations, and it is lis Imperial Majesty's orders that the army in question should not act aggressively, but remain on the defensive. As the eneny, however, may attack the fortifications raised, and invade the Ottoman territory, in that case the Ottoman authorities will consult with the Ferik llVMiams Pasha, .who is at the Imperial camp, and with the chief commanders, officers, and others, and see to repeUing the enemy by adopting those measures and movements which may be approved of according to the proper application of military science. " This is not the weather for drilling; but the Commnander-in-Chief will, when the weather permits, see that the troops should load and fire off their gUns, and practise ball-firing-a most essential thing. "There may be a deficiency in the army of gunners and cavalry horses; and the Commander-in-Chief will on his arrival supply the deficiency of horses, and report upon the provisions of war and other things necessary to be sent from this, in order that they may be promptly forwarded. " It is highly requisite and important that precise information should be obtained with respect to the actual force of the enemy, to his operations and actual circumstances, and to be always well-informed and on the alert; and, in order that the enemy may not learn what is going on in the Imperial camp, it will be the constant duty of the Commander-in-Chief to see that those individuals cominz over to the camp, and the traders and merchants thereat, should not enter the camp and separate nillitary detachments, and take information thereon. " It has been alleged, as an excuse, that, the army being in the field, the reports drawn up have not been hitherto duly forwarded. The object of requiring those reports was to know the actual returns of the regiments and battalions in the Imperial camp, their position, and to acquire information concerning the army, the importance of which it is needless to state. A s it will bce easier to despatch a sucCinCt monthly report, the Commander-in-Chief will see that this is done. " The Commander-in-Chief will, on his arrival, reporb accurately to the Seraskierate on the officers to be dismissed or changed. "It iS superfluous to repeat how desirable it is that the commanders and officers of the army should be on terms of perfect submission, concord, and unity. A want of concord -thlat is, dislike of one officer towards another, is productive .of all manner of disorder. The Commander-inChief will therefore look to the establishment of concdrd, &a-. among all the officers." Lord Stratford, who had been shown these instructions at Constantinople, was naturally much dissatisfied w;ith them, and represented the matter to Redschid Patsha, who promised him that further orders relative to General Williams should be given to Vassif. A copy of this supplementary doclument was furnished to the Ambassador, and by him sent to the British commissioner. Tnis precaution was the means of detecting the stratagem which had been practised by the enemies of the latter, and of p)roving beyond all doubt that his suspicion of the Seraskieriate at Constantinople as the real source Of the opposition he encountered was founded in fact. The supplementary instructions conclude with the paragraph*. "Wlliiams Pasba, a chief military commander of the Pritish Governmnent, on whom the Porte has conferred the rank of Ferik, is a very experienced officer, possessing the coniidence of his Goverrnment. The friendly object of the Porte's sincere ally in sendin" that Pasha to the army of A natohia is, doubtless, that of organizuing that army, and in order that the advantage, of his counsels and suggestions on military measures should boe reaped. Williams Pasha enjoys the high consideration of the Sublime Porte, and is counted as one of the chief commanders of the Imperial Government. The representations which he has heretofore sent hither have been taken into due consideration, and proper attention is beinggiven to them. His Excellency Vassif Pasha will not look upon WVilliams Pasha as a stranger, but will consult with him frankly on subjects of reform and miltary matters; and he will do whatever is necessary to be done there, and report upon what it will be requisite to be sanctioned fronm hence." When Vassif arrived at Erzeroulm he informed General Williams that he had received the instructions of the Seraskier, but not those of the Grand Vinier, MEe added, howrever, that he knew their spirit, and intended to act up to it. General Williams, upon this, exhibited no less shrewdness than energy:. " I thought it right, under these circlumstances, to acquaint his Excellency with the fact of my havin9 a copy of Redsehid Pasoha's memo-' randum." The tact displayed in the interview with the Mushir soon produced good effiects. :Four days afterwards Vassif retu-ned the commnissioner's ViSit. Here is the description of what took place . " RnIADIuR-GENERAL AVLIAS TO T}iz EARL Or CLARENDON.-(Received March 28.) "EIrseroumu, Feb. 25,1855. " The MNushir returned my visit yesterday, and remained in conversation with me on the general state of the anny for more than two hours. " Having received information that the Mulshir had been the hearer of a decoration for Shukri Pasha, I demanded of his Excellencyvwhether that was afact or not, and also whether he had brought orders for the removal of that officer from this army. He replied, ' Oh, that is a decoration. pertaining to a Ferildik, and not for services performed lmere.' And with regard to the second question, his Excellency replied, ' I have no special order to punish Shukcri Pasha, but that can be managed.' Discerning the timidity and embarrassment of Vassif Pbasha, I expressed my surprise at any mark of favour, under existing circumstances, conferred on Shukri Pasha, and assured his iExcellency that Her MIajesty's Government would learn with regret and astonishment his further emplovment at the head-quarters of the army, and that I therefore begged his Excellency to be firm in dealng with himn. " Vassif Pasha then asked me whlat he ought to do;* Irze. plied, without hesitation, that his obvious course was to arrest Shukri and eusein Pashas, and bring them to trial on the evidence which I possessed of their guilt. His Excellency remarked that it wrould be perhaps inconvenient to try a man of (Shukri Pasha's) rank here, as all the members of the lMedjlis were in his favour. To this I replied, ' Dismiss the feduous, which, as Mushir, you have a right to do, and droceedto try the prisoners.' " Vassif Pasha had evidently every wish to act, but the ucertainty of all positions in his country weighed him down and magnified the real responsibility of such a step, and after some further conversation he took his leave. "As I was about to visit him this mornig, for the purpose of ascertaining the effect of my appeal to his energy, hisExcellency sent for me, and toldrmesthat Shukri and Hussein Pahash were prisoners, and should be tried, either here, or sent to Constantinople with the itten' evidence against them. I thanked Vassif Pasha for his prompt action, and told him that I felt it my duty, in return, to leave the scene of their judgmnentin the hands of his Excelwlency, which, as te now told me, for many reasons, he wished to hesat Constntinople. The prisoners will therefore beinmmediately sent to Constantinople, and I shall draw p the charges aoanst them, which will be contidentially translated by I . Churchill, and put into the hands of the Mushir, on sheets of double columns, one side containing the English and the other the Turkish. I beg leave to en- close herewith, for your Lordship's information, copies of my charges against Shukri and Elussein Pashas. " I must give Vassif Pacha every possible credit for the successful efforts which he has obviously made to shake off his fears of offending great functionaries at Constantinople, and to which he many times alluded. He requires the most prompt countenance and support of your Lordship and the British Government, so as to encourage him to per'severe in the course which I have marked out for him, and rhich is to purify and reform this army, and thus to become 'the benefactor of his country. I feel confident that he willnot appeal in vain, through me, for that most necessary countenance and encouragement." The strong measure of arresting the pr otiggs of the Seraskierate naturally caused a sensation. It is amusing to read the two following despatches, which crossed each other on the way to their respective destinations "LonD STR.ATFORD D REDCLUFFE TO TMn EI .L or CLAnFiso.N.-(Received April 2.) - . "-" Constantinople, March 21, 1855. "My Lord,-In reply to your intruction of the 7th inst.,* I have the honour to state that Shukri Pasha, togather with Hussein Pasha, has been arrested by order of Vassif Pasha, and that the two accused Generals are now, it' is to be presumed, or their way to Constantinople for. triaL " M, Pisani informs me that the Seralder, on hearing of their arrest, declared his onviction that they had been afreeited on insufilicient grounds, and th'at he should thiink it his duty to send 'in a protest 'ag,ainstthe measure to the P9reo; -: ' i~ ,'Whatever may have been 'the demerits of the two ac- cused Pashas since their arrival at Kars, they served with distinction unider Omar Pasha, and, in consequence of the Generalissimo's recommendation, had marks of approval and honour conferred on them.* I have, &c. "STRATFORD DE REDCLLFFE." "Tim ExuL or CLARESDON o To LoRD STRATFORD DE REDCLIFFE. " Foreign-office, March 29,1855. My Lord,-Brigadier-General Wiliams has reported to me that by his advice Vassif Pasha has arrested Shuari and Hussein Pashas, who are to be sent to Constantinople for trial; and I have to inform your Exceluency that Her Majesty's Government have heard with satisfaction the arrest of these criminal officers, and hope thst Vassif Pasha, who has thus made a good beginning,' will meet with encouragement from his Government. "lIam, &sc., "CLA-RENDON." The arrest of Shukri and Hussein was not the only victory achieved by General Williams. Ahmed Pasha, who had been in command at Olti, and through who5e malversation no less than 500 soldiers perished by want, was likewiseisent to Constantinople to be tried. The thanks of the British Government were conveyed to Ismail Pasha for his support of the commissioner; and the latter seems, by the beginnng of March, to have been generally looked upon as the ruling spirit of the war in A sia. iButunhappily this triumph came too late. The Seraskierate at Constantinople still continued its opposition, and withheld the aid which was necessary to enable the army of Anatolia to make head aiainst their energetic enemy, when the termination of the winter should eniable him to take the field. The following most important despatch shows the difficulty of the problem to be solved:- (No. 170.) "BRIGADIER-GE_qErAL WInLLIMS To THr EARL O- CLARIENDON.-(Received Mlarch 28.) " Erzeroum, March 5,1855. "My ILord,-I had a long conference with the Mushir on Saturday last on the numerical strength of the army under his command, the very extended line of defence occupied by that army, and the representations he was about to make to the Porte on these subjects. " The various detachments of this army amount on paper to 30,000 men, hut his Excellency agreed with me in placing 20,000 effective men of all arms opposite to that number. " The lines of defence, extending from Ardahan to Kars, and thence to Kaghismnan, Toprak-Kaleh, Euch-Kelissa, and Byazid, present a distance so great, when compared with the forces under his conm,iand, as to lead Vassif lasha to fear that, in the event of an offensive movement on the part of the Russians from Akhirkelek, Gumri, and Erivan, it would be impossible to retain the ground which the detachments of his army now hold. In this opinion I fuUy agree with his Excellency, as my various reports testify. I, however, told the Mushir that I thought the allies would not leave us wvithout material assistance to bear the brant o, such an attack; but he replied by asserting an opinion formed from a conversation he recently had held with personages of high rank at Constantinople that he could expect no assistance from the allies till the fall of Sebastopol, and that he should consequently write by this post to demand a strong and prompt reinforcement of infantry and cavalry, and begged me to support his demand by an appeal to Her Majesty's Ambassador and the British Government. "Being, of course, ignorant of the combinations contemplated by the allies for the defence of this important frontier, I cannot offer an opinion as to the number of Turkish troops desirable for this service; but if we are to depend on the umaided services of such troops I cannot estimato the prompt reinforcements -id Trebizonde, under .5,000 infantry, 3,000 cavalry, and 2,000 artillerymen (barely enough to man aU the guns at our command in these regions). Unfortunately, these discussions are now taking pface in March, instead of December of the past year, my warning voice having been utterly disregarded by the authorities at Constantinople. "With regard to the recruitment now being proceeded with, I was informed by Ismail Pasha, the Governor-General, that only 60 conscripts had been furnished by the city of Erzeroumn, and less than 1,000 for the province. "1 fear great exaggerations have been exhibited by the Turlish authorities thronghout the empire in estimating the Mussulman population- this is not a misgiving of a recent date on my part. I have always distrusted the estimate in question. " Ihave, &c., "W. F. WILTTAMS." The despatches from General WVilliams now begin to alternate between feelings of satisfaction at the working of the reforms effected by himself in Asia, and despair at the reckless apathy of the authorities at Constantinople. Early im March two English officers, Mlajor Olpherts and Captain Thomapson, arrived at Erzeroum to assist bins in his arduous duties. They were sent on to Kars, and by this means his faithful aide-de-cump, now Major Teesdale, was enabled to return to his side at Erzeroum. Dr. Sandwith was actively employed in organizing the hospitals at the latter place. The scurvy made its appearance at Kars, but the ingenuity of the doctor was not without resources to meet it, low as the supplies had run- "I would recomimend the immediate despatch of any available vegetable or fruit; moreover, the exercise of the troops in the open air. In the course of, perhaps, a few days certain early wild plants will appear, which will, if made use of, effectually put a stop to this disease. I shall by the next post describe and recommend the gathering of these plants as soon as they appear." On the 25th of April the condition of the place is tolerably satisfactory .- "The number of troops in Kars and the neighbourhood being about 15,000, the proportion of sick (1,109) is by no means large. When out of these we cotnt the cases of scurvy (275), not one of which would occur if the troops were well supplied with suitable diet, and 154 cases of fever, most of which may be averted by better hygienic measures, the conclusion is that the climate is a very healthy one, though somewhat productive of diseases of the intestines, especiallyin the autumn " During the whole of March regular drills are going on at Kars, Kherim Pasha stands steadily by " the better part" which he had adopted, and an encouragement to his continuance in this course is furnished by Lord Clarendon, who on the 7th of April tells General Williams that he, "Has informed Viscount Stratford de Redeliffe that, according to al the information possessed by Her Majesty's Government, Klesim Pasha should be supported by the Turkish Government, as he is the only officer attached to the Turkish army in Asia weho has shown a desire for reforms." But the new Mushir, Vassif Pasha, was disposed to wipe away this disgrace from his countrymen, Ismail Pasha, though well disposed, was extremely old, and consequenltly inefficient. General Williams had written to Lord Clarendon early in February : " Anidst all those intrigues among the military authorities of Kars and Erzeroum, I think it but just to state, for your Lordship's information, that the aged GovernorGeneraL Ismail Pasha, follows my advice, and almost daily sends off rovisions to Kars. These temporary measures evince at least his anxiety to second my efforts, and, when Ismail Pasha is removed, I hope that he may receive the thanks of your Lordship for his politeness to and consideration of me. His age audthatof the feeble and consumptive Defterdar of the army are melancholy proofs of the want of consistency evinced by the Porte in making nominations durng such trying and dangerous moments of its existence." The thanks of the British Government were duly sent, and on the 15th of March General Williams writes again "The Mushir again desires me to urge the immediate removal of the Governor-General of this province, Ismail Pasha. On this point Vassif Pasha writes to Constantinople by the post of to-day. "Shukri Liva Pasha, the late Eeis of the MElitary Council of Kars, together with his cash-keeper, were arrested to-day for malversations amounting to 300,000 piastres. "Investigations as to the honesty of the Defterdar of the army are now in progress. " Dr. Sandwith is actively employed in reorganizing the hospitals and creating an Ambulance Corps. He willreport, through me, next week. He receives prompt support from the Mfushir. " The Mushir has requested me to form an Intelligence Department without waiting for an answer from Constantinople -this I shall enter upon at once. I iope to secure horses from certain Persian merchants for the use of the artiUery; and the organization of an irregular force of cavalry is also under consideration." But activity at the seat of war is here again thwarted by supineness at Constantinople. On the 17th General Williams aain writes:- "I have presented to the Miushir a project for the formation of a model squadron of regular cavalry, to consist of officers and men from all tbe regiments of that anm, and to be drilled at Kars under the direction of Tashlar Bey. As soon as his Excellency issues the necessary orders Tashlar Bey will proceed to that garrison, and enter on his duties firthwith. -"I regret to inform your lordship that not a sabre, nor a pair of boots or spurs, have been sent from Constantinople forthe use of the cavalry ;. and even this model squadron could not have been drilled, if we had not found in the artiUery stores here 120 pairs, which remained from the issue of last year, and which Tahir Pasha has, at my request, ordered to be issued for that purpose. " I further beg to state, for your Lordship's information, that no knapsacks for the infantry of the Kars army have been sent from Constantinople, notwithstanding the urgent representations made by me, through Her Mtajesty's Ambassador, during the months of September and October last, relative to this want oF the service, and which were simu,ltaneous with those shich pointed out the fature wants of the artiluery and cavalry." And again, on the 20th,- "From Vassif Pasha, the newly arrived wushir, I continue to receive practical demonstration of his good intentions to this army, as well as of the hwighest consideration of my position at his head-quarters; all tha t his Excellency can do to counteract the effcts of the culpable and dangerous disregard evinced towrards the forces nows under his comumand throughout tha past winter he will do; but no amount of after-acts on his part can counterbalance that lamentable want of consideration for my reports and opinions which has been exhibited by the authorities of the capitaL'" Nevertheleas, the CornTusioner does not lose heart. He prepares for the worst, should Kars fall, in the following mamer, by put;ting Erzeroum into a condition of defence: "'BneesnsR-GE1Nf2AL WUmTAS TO TXo E E RL OF CLhIRiDON.-(Received April 19.) "h " Erzeroum, March 24, 1855. My Lord,-I have much pleasure in stating to your Lordship that the Mushir has at once taken into his favourable consideration the project which I offered him for putting Erzeroum into a proper state of defence, of which I informed your Lordship by the last post. I have already gone over the ground with the Chief of the Staff, and marked out the points to be fortified and the nature of the worics they require. This being the season of inactivity of the whole rural population, I shall push on the works with the utmost despatch, and I hops to report, at no distaut dzy, that Erzeroum is not only safe from any misfortunes which might come to it from the side of Eoordistan, but that an attack upon it would cost the Russians dear, supposing that, from want of reinforcements, we might be obEged, by sn overwhelming force, to abandon our advanced positions on and near the frontier. In preparing for the attacks of a foreign enemy I have not lost sight of domestic foes and social disorders. The heighta commanding the city will have their redoubts strengthened by blockhouses, which will sileuce the turbulent, who know that reform is at hand, and who, although they tremble at the nod of a strong Government, might, nevertheless, be very troublesome if they thought they could be so with impunity. "Both the Iushir and the Governor-General have been rompt in rendering me assistance, and giving me every facility in carrying out these very important works. "To reinforce the artillery of the town, I have prevailed on the civil authorities to add two companies of local artillery to the one now existing. " I have also marked out the localities for the small camps which are destined to receive those men from Rars and the outposts who are not capable of supporting the fatigues of active warfare, but who wi, nevertheless, render most important services in Erzeroum, where, while imparting confidence to the town during the absence of the bulk of the army, they will graduallyrecruittheirstrength, and form, in the event of an attack, a strong elementof defence. This contingency, however, I do not anticipate; yet it is my first duty to guard against it." The promptitude of the Mushir and Governor was emulated by that of the population. "I now have to state that I last week attended a council composed of the military and civil authorities, the latter functionaries being the Mussolman and Christian priests. After explaining to them the necessity of these works, both as regards the public and private interests, I received from the Armenian bishop and his Mussulman colleagues an offer of the assistance of the whole population during the present season of cessation from agricultural labour. " The works were begun three days since (March 31), and shall)be prosecuted with the utmost vigour. Captain Teesdale having rejoined me from Kars will aid me by an active general supervision of them. - I have advised the Mushir to direct the Chief of the Staff to go immediately to KEpri-Keuy, Toprak-Ealeh, and I Euch-Kelissa, to plan and execute such field-defences as he may think necessary for the strengthening of those posts. I hope these precautions will prevent the Russians from attaeldng Kars, for, as I once before stated to your Lordship, I can scarcely thinL they would do so without the ulterior view of getting possession of this hitherto unprotected deDOt of Erzeroum, and the vast amount of cattle and ag'ricultiral. wealth of its adjacent plains." On the 17th of April the Commissioner reports"The rapid progress of the fortifications. 'Under his own constant supervison and that of Captain Teesdale, the townspeople and peasantry labour with zeal and cheerfulness." On the 24th- "The fortifications are proceeding with great rapidity, and the townsmen and peasants labour for the defences of their homes with perfect cheerfulness, without -ay, thus sparing an exhausted Treasury a very considerable burden." I On the 26th he writes to Colonel Lake at Kars- "4Withthehope,and indeed undertheimpression, that I shall be able to incite the Mussulman population of Erzeroum and its plains to defend the fortifications which I a-n now raising, and at which the population labour as if for a frolic." There was, however, a dark side to the picture, only the more gloomy for the brightness of the other. The Seluskier, Riza Pasha, continned his policy of obstruction to an extent which can scarcely be accounted for by simple obstinacy and dislike of foreign interference. A quarantine station hadbeen established atToprak-Ealeh,which seriously deranged the military movements of the army. Nor was this all. It hindered the supply of rice from, Persia, which, in spite of the efforts of the Russians and the prohibition of the Persian Government, wvas smuggled over the frontier in considerable quantities, The British Commissioner applied, throulgh the Ambassador at Constantinsople, for the removal of the station, as a matter of. the greatest importance to the welfare of the army; and at las;t, on the 10th of MSarch, Lord Stratford is enabled to state that orders ha. e been given by the Porte to the President of the Board of Health for its removaL. But on the 1st of April General WVilliams "waited on the Governor-General of the province, and asked him if any order had reached himn from Constantinople for the abolition of jthe quatrantine at Toprak-Ealeh. The answer I received was, that no instructions had been received on that point. This most objectionable impediment to the supply of our army, therefore, remains in full force, and the Persian merchants continue to be molested and oppressed by the venal officers of the quaranltine in question."| {'It would appear to me," he wvrites the nex;t day to Lord C]arendon, " that the authorities at Constantineple take a secret pleasure in crippling the only army which exists toI defend Asia Mtinor, and w,iii feel a secret satisfaction in its future defeat and discomfiture. In spite of all my representation,s of its absolute wvants, and prayers for a share of that assistance which itis the duty of the Seraskier to accord, not a shoe or knapsack for the remnant of the infantry, not a boot or sabre for the 'wrecks of the cavalry, have been sent from the Seraskierate;- not an infantry or artillery recruit to fill up the casualties of last year has been sent from the capital; in short, we are left utterly uncared And on the 24th of the same mnonth, the -very time when the fortifications of Erseroulm are, under his own eye, makeing such satisfactory progress, he is full of despair at the prospects of the future.- " The bad conduct of Shukri Pasha, combined with the inefficiency of the aged and dissipated Governor-General, has produced the fruits I have anticipated in so mnany despatches. Neither the land-carriage for the enny of Ears nor the prov¢sions for that force are to be had in suficient quantities; and I have this day received intelligence from Colonel Lake drawring my attention to these points, and, indeed, echoing the prayers which I have in vain addressed throughoutt the winter to Constantinople. The officers serving under Colonel Lake make their detailed compLaints, aLso the echoes of those of MWajor Teesdale-the cavalry without boots, horse appointments, or efflcient sabres;- the infantry without knapsacks and many other absolute necessaries; the artillery and infantry with ammunition far short of the exigencies of a campaign. Surely, my lord, this army has been doomed to destruction at the Seraskierate, and the utter neglect by its authorities of wihat troops are rnowv here is embittered by the total want of the necessary reinforcements. it is my duty to state that Cmolonel Lake and his assistants are displaying a praiseworthy zeal and activity. PsI am using every effort here to procure grain in the immediate neighbourhood, hut it is absolutely necessary that the Governors of Diarbesiir, Kharpoot, and the more distant provices should he ordered by the Porte to attend to their duty, and to forward provisions to Erzeromm. These functionaries have utterly failed in these respects, and I .trnst they maybe changed." At the end of April the Mushir, Ylassif Pasha himself, is forced to " comlplain of the silence and neglect rith which his representations have been received by the Serasdier, Ryciza Pasha." At Ears the quantity of supplies is very trifling. Early in April intolligence arrives that the Russianms are collecting grain and means of transport, although the state of the ground, arising from the melting, of the. snow, does not admit of -military operations. Yet on the 1st of Mar General Williams is obliged to wrieo tusGtoer aor Stratfourdga-rison aite hi m if an orderesl had reach him Irn epct,prcstbavenui tori reamse{ in foteullc fofrtle, arnd pth pesaymnt nliIhadt wIite thus to Lord Stratforchdts:t "Several weelks a6o I addressed your Lordship on the necessity of my having authority direct from Constantinople to tako an active part and to have a decisive voice in the Durchase of provsions for this armiy; but, although Lord Panmure has expressed his decided sentiments on this vital point. I have not received a lie in allusion to it from your 'cellency; and I have to state, for your Lordship's information, that this army caunot be supphed writh provision unless I can control those who have this matterin their hands." "Colonel Lakeinformsmethat the provision has dwindled down to 10 or 12 days' supply; and I have not the authority to oblige the Medjlis to make contracts and expedite food to our force which I may soon have to designate as a starvingarmy." The emergency was too great to allow of waitinog for a replyto this despatch, andtheBritish Commissioner determined to take, on his oownresponsibility, the only step which could remedy the mischief. On the th of May he writes to Colonel Lake- "In accordance vwith the promise I made to you on the 2dinst.,Ihave to state that I immediately putmyself in communication with Tahir Pasha, who is always ready to attend to mv suggestions, and -whose active efforts for the benefit of thisanr y demand my best thanks. " I represented to him the dangerous scarcity of provisions and of some kind of ammunition, as setforth in your reports acid in the detailed deinainds of Major Olpherts and Captain Thompson; I begged him to allow nine to enlist into our service Persian muleteer whom I had induced to put down their loads, which they were carrying into Pessia, nut who, of course, demanded a high price per load (190 piastres). I contrasted the sum of l,OO0., which would cover the increased Tate of hire, with our disgrace and retreat from Kars at this eleventh hour. Tahir Pasha immediately assented, and within the last two days 2,000 animals have been despatched to your garrison with provisions and mieaicines. "The result haLs been as I expected ; prices liave agan fallen in consequence of the prompt payiment whichz I had ' The interview lasted three houms. X'Oii the I11th of Januiary .Lord Stratford. had been in. fotined thait Shukrj Pasha should be recalled. Loord Claren don's. despatch -of the 7t.h, ~begs the Ambassador "cto ask Resehiid Pasha whether an order for Shukri Pasha's recalvas actually sent to Erzerouni, and when it was likoly that such order would be received there. " I* In the relation which the two offenders are said to have borne to Omar Pasha it tatnied out. in the sequel, that the English Ambassador iead been wilfslly deceived by tho I T;xrWix authorities. guaranteed, and Tahir Pasba has this moment informaed me that he has 2,000 more mules engaged, and that he lt sent mules to Passim to transport the grain recently pur- eGoveror-General; and, moreover, th the mountis has promised an araba from each village, which will amount to I09. These carts transport a somar of wh~eat each; so I trust that our difficulty and well-founded u6ai. ness have disappeared." r X This spirited conduct of the Commissioner _ia6 equalled by that of the hushir, who, at once acceded to his request to be allowed to exercise in active superintendence over the purchase as wl1 as the transport of provisions pending a refNerexiee to Constantinople. The necessity for this step js patent in the document which sanctionIs it* "v^ssnV PAss TO BRIGADnIEBGEqRA WELIALMS; "Xars, May 7,1855.; "You are perfectly aware that we have scarcely any pros visinns remaining in the stores of Kars, and that, on my arrival in this garrison, I made Urent representstions to the ex-Governor and the Medjlisof Erzerourn, as 'well-zs to Imail Pasha, Governor lof (lti, to send us provisions without delay. The Governor of Erzeroum proceeded tothie I plains of Passim to buy up corn, but though I have reoeived numrnerous commaunications to the effect that 2,000 or 3,00O soarshad been purchased by him, notsbushelhasyetreachea this place. They all pretend that, this being the season for cutivation, carts cannot be obtained, whereas we Jnow that if they were to get two arabas from each of the villages of the plains of Erzeroum and Passim it would make Up a good convoy at once. By this means the cultivation could not be injured, and itwouldaffordrelief tothe army; butthis plan Ihas 31so been considered inexpedient, and in the meantime we have but a few hundred somars of wheat in store, ard fifty somars are consuned per diem, and we shall inevitably find ourselves on the verge of starvation if a stop is notput to the procrastination on the part of the authorities 6E Eracroum and Olti. '"Xiars has already furnished more corn than its share to the army, and, though very little of this commodity remaizis for the consumption of the 3nhabitants, still Sirri Pash has promised to procure 2.000 som7ars of wheat and barley from the villages to fhich he had repaired for the purpose, while Erreroum, a province large en,ough to feed even the wthole army for a year, has furnished comparatively nothing. The army w,ill inevitably perish if a dfferent course be nqt taken. "So long as you remain in Erzeroum, therefore, I consider it expedient that you should exercise a supervision over the buying and selling of provision for this army. I have written to Tahir Pasha on the subject, and you will consult with that general officer, and superintend that most important branch of the service; and I entertain ever, hope that you will do your utmost to send us, with as little delay as possible, at least six or seven monthse provisions. "HL A. CHUR.CHIL." - The good effects of the bold step showed thenmselves at once. Tahir Pasha, the President of the lMilitry Board of Erzeroum, fully and cheerfully acted up to the Mushir's instructions, and on the 12th of May General Williams was able to inform Lord Clarendonthat "contracts for a year's provision are now being made, and in the meantime the mule.- tears freely offer their services, and large convoys leave this for Kars every day, as well as timely sup. plies for Toprak-Kaleh."
THE MISSING STEAMfER PACIFIC. TO THE EDITORi OF THE TfMES. Sir,-No good reason exists for the popular belief that this unfortunate ship has perished -with her passengers and crew. Those most competent to form an opinion upon the dangers and difficulties of an Atlantic steam voyage, especially the commanders of steamships traversing the same route, and exposed to the same difficultiesasith6 missing ship, confidently believe that she is still afloat with disabled machinery, and that she may yet reach port; to them herlongabsence is satisfactorily accounted for by the fact that the lately prevailing winds on the coasts of Europe end America effectually barred her approach to either shore. Of all disasters likely to occur to such a ship brealage of machinery is most probable; the history of Atlantic steam navigation records scores of "accidents" to machinery, some serious enough to destroy the steam power; others, of less importance, causing only triffing delay. - It is reasonable to assume that the Pacific may have broken some important part of her machinery (perhaps ire the ice-field) on or near the Banls of Newfoundland; if so, her commander would have turned back and attempted to regain the coast of Ireland (as the Atla&utie did in l851) ; ha would not for an instant have attempted to work to the' American coast under canvass against the strong westerly gales that almost unceasingly sweep the American seas in mid-winter. If her steam power failed on the Banks, she mzight have regained the coast of Ireland by the 29th to the 25th of February, provided she had westerly winds all the way, as the Atlantic had on her return passage. Against head. winds the Pacific could make no progress. Belying upon her steam-power, she spreads very little canvass. She has no bowsprit, and scarcely any head or after saiL 'With an immense hull high out of water, and large paddleboxes and deck-bouses, she must drift to leeward as fast or faster than s'he would reach ahead. Throughout the month of February strong southerly' winds blew constantly between long. 15' ancd 40' west. On this coast, extending asfar west as 15', we have had easterly winds, with occasional gales, almost vithout intermission,, since the l0th of February. More than 300 ships are overdue from the westward at the ports of Great Britain and the channel ports of the Continent, though few (and among' them are some of the best appointed packet-ships) that have recently arrived from New York came rapidly over with the westerly and southerly winds until they strgck soundings, thence they have battled for weeks against easterly winds.- A ship arrived yesterday, 50 days from New York, more than 30 of them used on soundir,gs at the chops of the. Channel. If such ships are held in check for a month, what is thefate of the disabled steamer, with her retreatcut off by opposing winds. In retracirg her course across the Atlantic the south winds must have drifted her to lee-; ward, north of the route of passing vessels. On reaching the meridian of 15' her progress eastward was effectuallybarred; she could not get to the eastward or southward. In' such an emergency she would have held on as well as she could, drifting slowly northwards on the western ma-rgin of: the easterly winds! If afloat-and no goodreason exists for doubting that she is-she is probably within S00 to 60. miles W.N.W. of Ireland, where she can be found and, rescued by a searching squadron of two or three, or even one steamer, sent from these shores. Urgent reasons exist for sending relief to her -without de- - lay; her canvass, scanty and insufficient at all times, has now been exposed to the storms of the North Atlantic for fifty days, and may be entirely worn out or blown away; the stock of provisions on board is fast diminishing, ani it is not impossible that her unfortunate passengers and crew (186 in alI) may perish by famine unless relief is sent to them. The ship may be stanch and strong, but without propelling power she is a helpless hulk upon the waters, and out of theusualtrack of ships crossing the Atlantic she may drift for months. N1EE3 DESPAIR.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Shouldtheenclosedextact from a letteriustreceivedlfrom my son in the Crimea appear to you worth notice, it is. at your service. Yours faithfully, J.L. : M=h 21. " Camp before Sebastopol, Crimea. "March 2.-Having heard that a truce had been agreed upon until the armistice should be inally signed, I thought it a good opportunity to go and have a look at places where it would have beeh dangerous before to have been seen. I and a friend accordingly started for Tral-tir-bridge, but the Sardinian troops would not allow us to pass ; we imme. diately turned back and rode to a part of the iver Tchernaya, just below the plains of Inkermann. Iere we found many of our owvn men had previously arrived, and I presume from appearances that since the battle of Inkermnann, NSovemeber, 1854, no one but an outlying picket of the French had ever bean on the spot. We saw in al direc- tions around what had been dead Eussians, who had evi-- dently tried to crawl down to the river after the action, but had died in the attempt; all that now remainedwere old coats, boots, and accoutrements, the former -with whitened bones sticking out of them; the skulls also were - very perfect. After contemplating this not very delightfufl spectacle for some time, we went on through a swamp, in Mhich our horses sunk up to their knees, towards the nver. Here we found about 50 or G0 English soldiers fraternizing wiith about 20 Russians, all the conversation being carried. on by signs, vith the exception of our men patting the Rus. siaus on the back, and making use of the universally un. derstood term, ' Bono Rusid bono.' The Russians lookedfat and well (much better than the French, who, I am told, are now being buried at the rate of 120 a-day), but -were ' shockingly badly clothed; their coats, -which are long, were of a light brown colour, but full of- holes, with pieces of stick and rope used for buttons. They are more 'ike English in face than any other nation I have seen in these parts, but they appear to be very grave, and aU I saw were fine, tall, stout feflows ; I made signs to theni to know if they were hungry, and they immediately took up a handful of grass and put it to thoir mouths; what they meant by that I know not. While we were there three' Ruski officers rode up on shocking bad ponies; they took off theircaps,andwe did the samne. An officer of the 88th spoke to them in French, muerely sayin,g w-e hoped to be good friends with them soon. Tliey must have thought that our men looked very smart, for they had on their niew tunics.' I stayed there about half an hour, but did not So across the river, which is about 10or12feet wide, thoughmauy of owr men did." [Advertisement.]-" Cassell's Ilustrated History of Eng. Iand."-The first quarterly pert of this extardinarily cheap wink winl be ready ol Tuesday, the 225th iist., containiing 156 pages of crown 4Xo uad 150 beautiful engavings, with engraTed WrAper, prico Ia. 3j1 To all who arm de4irous of obtaining am autnentic and interesting reaed of the ansals of their country this , o,k presents a favourable oppodat. - nity. Nothing but theenormousnuiuberof copies sold-upiwardsot 120,000 CoPies a-wsek---veables this w ork to h produced at so low a price; and an inereasednite must necessarily be chargedfor rarjwini g the wrorki in smaller quantities when the present editiou is e.ah,uis. Orders should th erefore be given at ocre- * '(ssel's IlhntrMts. tory ol ECugland"nnsY be obtained mn weekly numabers, Pfsies d, or irn monthly palts. price .91.. or. rhen containing liv-e nutu.}Xtlas~i tt4, IQ ;V. I;'an ad Go-- 51 ad ll, 52 atemoslc-r-ow.
RAI WAY INTELLIGENCE. B.RTTIPORT FIhe',report of the directors of this companystatesthat the accounts up to the 12th of Mfarch show that the receipts mamuntedto 29,673C. and the expenses to 24,5781., leaving a balance of 5,0951. The directors congratuLate the shareholders on the punctuality 'with which the payments on the several calls havebeen made. One half of the compat's capital being now paid up, the directors suggest the exercise of tlieborrowing lowers, in order thatthe weight of the undertaking which has bitherto been borne almost exclusively by the locality should be IiEhtened. This course will have the effect of delaying the calling up of tlhe remaining sum on the shares to a later period than would be otherwise practicable. The directors therefore recommend the sharebolders to grant them power to borrow on bond or mortgage any surn not exceeding 21,6001., being the amount authorized by the company's act of Parliament. The reprt of Mr. H. J. Wylie, the engineer, states that considerable and satisfactory progress has been made in the constrmction of the railway. The operations have until lately been confinsd to the portion of the line betwveen Bridport and the summit at Witherstone, a distance of five miles, and on this section nearly all the masonry has been completed, and a considerable portion of the line has been formed, and requires little more thanthe ballasting and per. manent way to complete it. The works having been commenced between the summit and Maiden Newton, the engineer fully expects at the next ordinary meeting to be able to say when the lne will be ready for opening. SCOTTISH CENTRAL The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at P erth, on Tuesday; the Hon. J. C. Dundas in the chair. 'The report, an abstract of which appeared in lZ7ie Times of Saturday, was taken as read. The C}LLseAnX,s., in moving the adoption of the report, stated that they were gradually closing their capital account, but the increase of traffic and the additional accommodation requiredforithadretarded that operation. Withtheexception of the outlay at Stirling and some additional sidings, he anticipated that in future there would be but comparatively small additions to their capital account. He congratulated the shareholders upon the favourable aspect of their affairs with respect to revenue. He adverted to the payment of 3,6051. to the Edinburgh, Perth and Dundee, on account of a traffic arrangement made in 1854, and explained that only about 7001. of it, being the estiinated working expenses, was a loss to the Scottish Central Company. That outlay had secured them from competition for the west coast traffic, and enabled them to keep on good ternms with a neighbouring company. He thoupht on the whole, with respect to the dividend, that thsey ought not to be discontented, as they had been enabled to maintain their 5 per cent. dividend. He complained of the conduct of the Caledonian Company in having subscribed 30,0001. towards a line to Denny, proposed to run parallel with the Scottish Central Railway at a distance oftwo orthreemiles, andwhich would, if carried out, be in direct competition with their line from Greenhill to) Stirling. This he considered was a wanton act of aggression on the part of the Caledonian, and it appeared to him that the directors of that company were aever satisfied unless they were in hot water. Hopes had been entertained of a general peace in the railway world, but it seemed impossible for the Ualedonian to concur in that view. He had no doubt the Scottish Central would be able to cause the rejection of the bill for the Denny line, towards which the Caledonian had subscribed. He concluded by moving resolutions to the effect that the report be adopted, that a dividend at the rate of o per cent, per annum on the consolidated stock of the company, less income-tax, be payable on the 31st inst.; that the3Larquis of Breadalbane and Mr. J Sawyers, the retiring directors be re-elected, and that Mr. l. Vorrison be elected auditor of the company. Mr . Enuenc seconded the motion. Mr. OunAPHasT believed that the Caledonian had no intention of making the line referred to by the chairman. It was well Inown that very few branch lines paid and he did not think that would be an exception. If there was any probability of its paying it would have been carried out by a private company of persons resident in the district. The CmnaRmAN. said, it wasthe intention of the directors of the Scottish Central to make the Denny branch. They had no intention to give that up, even if the Caledonian Company's bill were thrown out. The cost of the line would be only25,000L, and ore great advantage would be that it would repel the incursions of those who had ever shown themselves ready to interfere with another's district. The resolutions proposed by the chairman 'were agreed to, andX the proceedings concluded wvith a vote of thanks to the chairnian and directors. EASTERN COUNTIIES. The repairs on the line between Cambridge and Norwich are being vigorously proceeded with. Substantial brick- ork is being built,at some of the wooden bridges pronounced by the Government inspector to be in a dangerous condition; and one line of rails is closed in various places for the purpose of replacing the old sleepers. At the same time it is only right to state that the trains are worked with princtuality. AILVWAY TRAMFIC. Thetraffic returns of railways m the united kingdom, published for the week ending March 15, amounted to 371,2901., and for the corresponding week of 1855 to 345,6551., showing an. increase of 25,6351. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their tersnini in the metropolis ausounted for the week ending as above to 157,0311., and for the corresponding week of last year to 147,S4SC., showing an increaso of 9,188/. The increase on the Eastern Counties lRailway amounted to 171C.; on the Great Northern to 1,0041.; on the Great W1testern to 2,9771. on the London and lNorth-Western to 1.0291 . on the London, Brighton, and South Coast to 5S0C.., on the London and South-Western to 1,7211. ; and on the South-Eastern to 1,7761. ; total, 9,2511. But from this must be deducted 631., the decrease on the London and Blackwall, leaving the increase as above 9,1881. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 214,2591., and for the corresponding period of 1855 to 197,812L., showing an increase of 16,4471. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the totall increase 25,635C. as compared 'with the correspondinz wveek of 185.X
A3rERIoN- DOMESTc WmNE.-The Cincinnati Chamberof Commerce, in a recent report on the business of that city, remarks as follows:-" Another business which has grown up almost entirely since 1850 is the maklng of wine, and which promincs Lo equal in amount that of the finest provinces of France. By comparing the statistics of the Horticultural Society * ith the fact that numerous vineyards have been set out in the last year or two, we may confidently state that there arc ilot less than 2,000 acres of Cattawba vines in cultivation in the vicinity of Cincinatti, of which 1,600 acres arein full bearing. By the average production of the last few years,this area of vines will yield 700,0,0 gallons, and in a very slort time it must be greatly increased. Already dry and sparkling wines and brandy, commanding the hiiliest prices, are made here, and the demand for thei is greater thun tie supply. Mr. V. Longworth, the fanous wino grower of Cincinnatti, has juzt published an article, in which he says:-' Ours is the region for grape culture and the manufacturing of wine. Thl wine countries of ELuron have no native grapes. Our hills and vallcys are covered with vines, producing hundreds of vareties of grapes. If our temlperance men can he induced to respect tne doctrines of the Bible, and not interfere with the culture of pure v,ine, not many years will elapse til we can not only supply the United States with wine, bu't include all Europe."' P.AUPER LABour.-&Ai interesting report of the agricultural committee of the Newton Abbot board of guardians has just beein publiEhedl, wlhich shows that paupers in union workhouses may be profitably engaged in the cultivation of the land. The principal crops grown on land cultivated by the paupers of the Newtoin Abbot Union, during the past year, were,- 224 bags of potatoes, 16 bags of wheat, 5*3cwt. of cabbages, Scwt. of swedes,. 30cwt. of turnips, 16^wt. of parsneps, 10 tons of mangold-wurzel, 8S01b. of onions, 1,.901b. of leeks, Scwt. of brocoli, and 44cwt. of earrete. The aggregate number of hourls of field labourdone by adult paupers (mostly a£ed and infirm) was 7,630; num1cr of hours of field labour done by boys (fro:n three to six b1t,u daily), 11,034. 'The ,_pxvfit of labour e>i sh,_xeaz r 7M. 33. Old,
SINAI AND PALESTINVE.* We have at length a complete and satisfactory work on the Holy Land andc the adjoining Peninsula of the Arabian Desert-a book that will henceforth be invaluable as a manual for the traveller, yet admirably calculated to interest the general reader. Mr. Stanley is not one of those annual tourists who visit the East as a mere recreation, throw off their reminiscences in a series of sketches, grave or gay, and dismiss with a few racy but flippant sallies scenes which, however open to criticism, are "almost consecrated" by the *' tears and prayers of thousands of pilrms." Thle pleasure of sightseeing is represented in him by an intense eagerness to realize and portray the most solemn localities in human history; the thirst for publication. is superseded by a deep sense of the value attaching to independent facts in the study of all records, especially those of the Bible. " To point out how much or how little the Bible gains by being seen, so to speak, through the eyes of the country, or the country by being seen through the eyes of the Bible-to exhibit the effect of the 'Holy Land' on the couse of ' the Holy History'-seemed to be a task not hitherto fully accomplishecd" "So to delineate the outward events of the Old and New Testament as that they shonld come home with new power to those who have almost ceased to regard them as historical truth at all," is the object considered by Mr. Stanley most worthy of a traveller's research. This object his readers will admit that he has himself accomplished with remarkable success. To the rare combination of difficulties presented by such a subject at such a time he has brought a combination of qualities united by very few-a liveEness which gives interest even to the antiquarian disputes about the halting places in the Desert and the holy sites of Jerusalem and Nazareth, a true historical imagination, a sound judgment, a brilliant fancy, a chastened taste, an artistic eye and style, and, above all, a truthful and reverential spirit. Three years have elapsed since the tour on which this description of Palestine is founded, and few, we believe, who read it will regret the delay which has savedus from anotheroffhand, ephemeral, il-digested diary of Eastern travels. After a preface on the " Connexion of Sacred History and Sacred Geography"-between which and Mr. Jowett's remarks on the same subject there is a signiicant discrepancy-the book opens with a sketch of Egypt in the form of extracts from original letters written on the spot. Though M1r. Stanley disclaims the intention of treating Egypt elaborately, and rather regards it as " the background of the whole history of the Israelites," the " fitting and almost necessary prelude to Sinai and Palestine" (an idea beautifully extended in the close of the preface), he does, in fact, throw considerable light on the peculiarities of its history and geography. HIis picture of the Nile valley, with its seclusion and uniformity, his graphic representation of the ruins at Thebes and Ipsambul, his reflections on the solitary obelisk at On, and on the tombs of the kings on the western bank opposite Kamak, are striking pieces of description; and his " Colossus of Rameses" reminds us of the Sphinx in Eotlwen. It is, too, in these letters from Egypt that we first meet with the twvo chief excellences of Mr. Stanley's historical illustrations,-the one, his power of seizing the points of similitude between places; the other, his keen sense of historical analogy. The -view from the top of the great gateway of Karnac is somethinglike that "up the Forum from the Coliseum to the Capitol," the Conivent of St. Catherine on Sinai is compared to the Grande Chartreuse in Dauphiny, the probable "Passage of the Red Sea" to the Straits of Gibraltar, the desert "Wadys' to the "dry bed of a Spanish river." When Omri's palatial residence at Samaria became the seat of govermment, " it was as though Versailles had taken the place of Paris, or Windsor of London." The peculiar course of the four rivers of the Lebanon is " as if the Amazon and Olinoco, after being confined within the lines of the Andes, were either lost in the Pampas without reaching the Atlantic, or by a violent turn in their course escaped into the Paci'ic." The kingdom of Egypt "must have been to the wandering tribes of Asia what the Roman Einpire was to the Celtic and Gothic races when they first crossed the Alps." The temple at Philie is " the fullest specimen of the restoration of the old EZgyptian worship by the Ptolemies, and of an attempt, like ours in Gothic architecture, to revive a style and forms which had belonged to ages far away." Pera has beento the main body of the Israelites "what Scotland or Ireland has been to the chief course of English history." Such references to familiar scenes or events are very frequent, and are particularly valuable in dealing with a country which its oYw-n singuiar destiny and the general testiinony of travellers conspire to present to us as unique. Sometimes, perhaps, the simile is a little overdrawn, as when the symbolical figures of the Egyptian kings, colossal in their proportions and resembing the Gods far more than they do the rest of their people, are compared to the galleries of Versailles rather than to the corresponding monuments of AssvrianRoyalty, now less strange to us than our own Anglo-Saxon dynasties. The general configration of the Desert, not, as we sometimes imagine, a vast expanse of sand, but a sterile pebbly tract, the representative m Arabia of the high sterile steppes of Tartary, the grass-covered prairies of South America, and of our own elevated heaths and moors, is treated con amore by Mir. Stanley. From this broad limestone plateau of the Jih he conducts us across the yellow sandy belt of Debbet-er-Ramleh into the heait of the triangular block of red sandstone and g,ranite mountains known to us as " Sinai," but properly called " Jor,-" the central Sinaitic range. Dividing this group into three clusters, he analyzes their characteristic pecuiliarities, "the colours, the confusion, the desolation, and the silence." The former are brought home to us with great vividness by the aid of maps, in which the new process of chromolithography is employed to illustrate the geology and vegetation of each district. Even the dreary labyrinth of WVadys, the watercourses and highways of this region, and the rank overgrowth of local traditions, acqiure under such hands an interest for which we were little prepared. But here, as everywhere, we are apt to tiurn impatiently fiom the geography to the history. Those whose curiosity can only be gratified by satisfaction will at first be certainly disappointed. Of the passage of the Red Sea, that sea rising and falling with the tides of the great Indian Ocean, so inexplicable to those-whiether Hebrewvs or Macedonians-whose "gt,reat. sea" was a vast tideless lake, Mr. Stanley speaks with that "union of criticism and diffldence" which he himself elsewhere attributes to Ritter. Upon the whole, he prefers the shorter passage in the immediate neighbourhood of Suez to that of eight or ten miles between the WadyJnauilc and the Wells of .Loses. It is somewlhat dishearteningtolearnthat, of all the sites enumerated in the journeyings of theIsraelites, only one (Paran) retains its name (under the modern form of Feiran), The three other most plausible derivations are those I of Muktala, Ajzrood, and Huderah, from Migdol, Pihahiroth, and Hazeroth respectively. In his preference of Gebel Mousa to Mount Serbal, and of the Ras Sas-feh to " Sena" as the scene of the giving of the law, we trace the disposition of M-r. Stanley, afterwards manifested in the case of Petra and Mlount Hermon, to select the most striking situations for events of great import. Besides the fact that here may be found a plain of adequate extent before a commanding cliff, " the awful and lengthened approach, as to some natural sanctuary, would have been the fittest preparation for the coming scene." One of the best examples of the critical acumen which the author unites with so active an imagination may he found in the note on the Sinaiti inscriptions, in the discussion of which it is impossible not to contrast his calm, painstaking scrutiny of the existingr data with the audacious theories of less modest writers. Without explicitly deciding on the question, he does go far to settle it, dwelling chiefly on the *nfitness of the symbols themselves to support anv serious interpretation, and on the numerous crosses prefixed to the Greek and Arabic as well as to the Latin inscriptions, and often accompanied -with the well-known Alpha and Omega. The description of the view from the, sunmiit of Mounmt Serbal. and that of the Gulf of Akaba with its port of Ezion-Geber, the ancient prototype of Suez, are among the elonuent passages of the volume. Petra has been so thoroughly described by Buckhardt, Dr. 31obinson, and Miss Marineau, that Mr. Stanley's remarl;s are, as he himself professes, essentially supplementary. Yet evenhere there is much that is original, the boldness with which he calls the celebrated cot"' of the rocks a "dull crimson," conkimses tilat tey are but partially visible v S&.iei and Pa(o0tinc; in COa,neioat rcwi their HiWtory. By! Ax.% Penrb b Slu_X. A., Ceou of CantWrbmxy. from Petra itself, and reduces the caves that can be included in a single view to the- modest number of 6O. It is not the desire-o Tnagnify,uile Balstaff, iheir own experience, but rather the dread lest they should appear less observant or susceptible than others, that causes half t'he exaggerations of travellers; and from this misgiving our author is secuired by the consciousness of his own strength. The grand defile of the Sik is a common topic, but the temple (El-Deir), on the other side of the valley, invites, as he thinks, further investigation. We believe that the identification of Kadesh-Barnea with Petra is new, and, though supported by mgenious arguments, and especially by the fact of its proximity to Mount Hor, the want of water felt at Kadesh, and the statement that the children of Israel "journeyed" thence to Mount Hor, seem to need explanation. The gradual melting of the Desert into the Land of Promise, the elevation of the country, the English character of the scenery, the shock of surprise, soon changed into affectionate interest on being confronted with places the names of which seem a part of our consciousneall this, so beautifully told by Miss Martineau, receives an additional charm from Stanley's pathetic words. Take as a specinen "M Most startling of all was the hum through the airhitherto that silent air which I desocibed during our first encampment, but which has grown fanmiliar as the sounds of London to those who live constantly within their rangethe hum, at first, of isolated human voices and the lowing of cattle, rising up from these various orchards aind cornfields, and then a sound, which, to our ears, seemed like that of a mighty multitude, hut which was only the united murmurs of the population of the little town which we now entered at its southern end." From this point it becomes altogether impossible to do justice to the work before us by any process of selection or condensation. The elaborate table of contents and index provide ample facilities for reference, while the arrangement of the chapters, not according to the political divisions of the country, or the casual order in which the localities were visited,but according to great natural featuires, gives a remarkable clearness and consistency to the *whole. It is not a narrative of personal adventure; that had been already written, in the pages of Eothen and Tlie Orescent and the Cross. But we willingly sacrifice the digressions on the Cyprian women in the one and the women of Bethlehem in the other for the sustained vigour and transparent fidelity of Mr. Stanley. There is absolutely no egotism in the volume; the unforeseen disasters that thwart the plans, the petty annoyances that sour the temper of le,s favoured travellers seem to have been somehow averted; his style, ins enthusiasm, his power of realizing events on the spot, never flag; and, for aught that appears in the text, Mr. Stanley might have been borne in a triumphant progress from Beersheba to Dan. He is the Humboldt of historical geography, reducing to an intelligible and agreeable form everything that comes within the scope of his subject-an antiquary at Bethlehem, :Nazareth, and Jerusalem-a mythologist on Sinai and Olivet -a geologist in his description of the depressed valley of the Jordan and the Dead Sea, prolonged through the Wady-Araba into the Gulf of Aklaba. Philology is propitiated in a copious vocabulary of Hebrew terms; but, without perusing this, we pick up many interesting facts, as, that the characteristic name (Wady) of the dry watercourses of Arabia was transferred by the Moors, for want of another, to the noble stream of the Guadalquivir (Guad-al-Khebir) that rolls by Seville and Cadiz; that the message brought to Joab in the wood of Ephraim should run "Behold, I saw Absalom hanging in the terebinth ;" and that " Armageddon" designates only the ordinary battlefield of Palestine, figuratively chosen as the scene of the great battle of the " Revelation." Though not professedly a scientific naturalist, in the care with which he verifies the nature and local distribution of the animal and vegetable species recorded in Scripture, he may be said to speak " of trees, from the cedar-tree that is in Lebanon even unto the hyssop that springeth out of the wall; he speaks also of beasts, and of fowl, and of creeping things, and of fishes." But the passage in which the picturesque details, collected with marvellous diligence and observation, are employed with the greatest effect, is the chapter (xiii.) on the "Gospel History and Teaching viewed in connexion with the Localities of Palestine." The importance of tliese, as constituting the conditions and framework of Jewish history, is shown in an earlier part of the worlk-;- here -they axe proved to. have furnished the colouring and illustrations of our Lord's most impressive discourses; the parables of the Vineyard, the Good Samaritan, and others belong to Judma ; those of the Fishes and the Cornfield to Galilee. The passage in which the latter parable is verified deserves to be quoted:- "' When I thought of the parable of the sower, I answered that here, at least (on the shore of the Lake of Gennesareth) was nothing on which the Divine teaching could fasten. It must hare been the distant cornfields of Sansaria or Isdraelon, on which His mind was dwelling. The thought had hardly occurred to me, when a slight recess in the hill side, close upon the plain, disclosed at once, in detail, and with a conjunction which I remember nowhere else in Paestine, every feature of the greatparable. There was the undulating cornfield, descending to the water's edge ; there was the trodden pathway running through the midst of it, with no fence or hedge to prevent the seed falling here and there on either side of it or upon it-itself hard with the constant tramp of horse and mule and human feet; there wvas the 'good' rich soil which distinguishes the whole of that plain and its neighbourhood from the bare hills elsewhere descending into the lake, and which, where there is no interruption, produces one vast mass of corn. There was the rocky ground of the hillside protruding here and there through the cornfields, as elsewhsere through the grassy slopes; there were the large bushes of thorn, the nable,' that kind of which tradition. says that the Crown of Thorns was woven-springing up. like the fruit-trees of the more inland parts, in the very midst of the wavinu vheat." lNor does Mir. §tanley fail to observe (though in another place) the extraordinary appropriation of the terms of sacred topography, the Wilderness, Sinai, Pisgah, and Sion, as the " household imagery of Christendom." The concluding remarks of the 13th chapter are pregnant with earnest good sense, and will exhibit our author's manly views of Christian truth.. Of the remaining chapters, the best, in our judgment, are those on the general geography of Palestine, on the maritime plain, and on the Plain of Esdraelon, though ve are well assured that none who begin with these will leave the rest of the volume unread. The peculiarity of the central high lands of Palestine, as contrnsted writh the low champaign on the west and the rich territories of Sihon and Og on the east: the separation of the trans-Jordanic and Northern tribes from the commonwealth of the Israelites; the constant preference of the Jews, olving to their want of chariots, for mountain warfare, whence the neighbouring nations spoke of their gods, unlike those of ordinary invaders, as " Gods of the Hills ;" the paramount importance of the passes leading doNvn from the high ground of the interior; the strange caves in Jewish history,these are among the points on which Mfr. Stanley throwvs a flood of light, set off by an unrivalled aptness of quotation. It is not too mucli to say that he invests the political and social condition of the Israelites, hitherto only not uninviting because it was sacred, with a bonvd fide interest such as that which the reader of Grotv feels in the affais of Greece. In military history he is his superior, and the narrative of the occupation and defence of Palestine wvould do honour to the pen -which described the Siege of Derry and the Massacre of Glencoe. In the clhapter on the maritime plain nothing can be happier or more lucid than the fourfold division into Philistia (whesace the name " Palestine"), the PlainL of Sharon, the Plain and Bay of Acre, anid the Plain of PhloLicia. A sandy tract along the coast, baclked by fertile slopes, is characteristic of the-whole district; but, while Philistia is laid out in arable land, pastures cover the greater part of Sharon; Carmel bounds on the south, and the Tyrian Ladder on the north, the bay into which the Kishon and Belus deboucli; Phcenicia is distinuished by its harbours, its palms, and its position imniediately under the ridge of Lebanon. History confirms these distinctions; we pass successively from south to north through regions occupied by Jewish, Christian, medireval, and classical associations. It is in this part of the work that we experience most forcibly the kind of pleasure which Mr. Burke attributes to being dra;wn rapidly in a carriage over undulating groiund, so even and luxurious is the progress of the description. The observa.tions on the present state of Tyre and Sidon have a peculiar value. That these towns, aswell as Ascalon, Petra,and Damascus, have repeatedly revived after the sentence of desolation pronounced oni them, is a simple fact, and by the light of such facts it is our wisdom to interpret those sublime visions, the. scope of which is too often confined to the actual buildings and sites. What Belgiuml has been to the -northern, and Lombardy to t-he southern, Powers of Eturope, what the plain of Stirling has been to Scot'land, what Asia Minor and Affghanistan have beento the great Oriental empires, that the plain of Esdraelon -wNs to Palestine. Along the western coast of Palestine, not indented, like those of Asia Minor, Greece, Scotlafnd, Ireland, and Norway, with numerous and deep creeks, the hosts of Egypt and of the south poured round the base of Carmel into6 this memorable valley; by the same great highway the Assyrians and Midianites entered from the east. 'The two victories of Barak over Sisera and of Gideon over the Midianites-the most signad in Jevish annals-and the two defeats of Saul and of Josiah, are localized and described with great effect. Some, however, may regret that the victory of Saladin at Hattin, generally known as the Battle of Tiberias, is the only more recent event which Ir. Stanley thinks "worthy to be 'ziamed in conjunction with" those which he describes. This objection, if it be an objection, applies to the whole volume. The splendid campaigns of Khaled, which made Judmea an Arabian province after a short subjection to Persia, are unnoticed by Mr. Stanley; the great historical scenes of the Crasades contribute little to the interest of his work; the defence of Palestine by the Mamelukes against the hordes of Holagou and Timur, the irruption of the Carissnians into the Holy City, have left as few traces in the narrative before us as they, perhaps, have on the condition of the country. The entire attention is concentrated on Jewish history-we might add, on the region west of the Jordan and south of Lebanon, were it not for a short, though interesting chapter, on " Perea and tho trans-Jordanic tribes;" and a graphic sketch of Damascus. The gorgeous ruins of Palmyra and Baalbec, of Djerash (Gerasa) and Amman (Philadelphia, and Bosra, the scene of Ehaled's success and of Baldwin's failure, are not equally fortunate. Wliat Mr. Stanley has omittedc is happily that which can best be supplied from other sources. Lord Lin&say's Letters are particuxarlyf-ill onthe district eastof theJordan, and WVarburtonleaves little to be desired in his account of Lebanon and Baalbec. Nor can we regret anything which adds to the unity of the impression produced by such a book as Mr. Stanley's. Nowhere can we detect in him the least anxiety to correct a rival or depreciate the reports of other travellers. So evident is his freedom from bias that the reader will often find himself appropriating his view as the very one he -would himself have carried aWay. He moves amid the inheritance of the Twelve Tribes, not with the inquisitiveness of a stranger about to write a book, but with the ease and familiarity of a naturalized citizen. The magnificent passage in The Crescent and the Cross on the western approach to Jerusalem does not tempt him to disguise his disappointment at the view from the south, and where the truthfulness which never forsakes him obliges him to give up the belief in a traditional site, he consoles himself with reflections on the moral greatness of a religion which owves nothing to romantic scenery, or with the secondary associations derived from the devotion of the more credulous pilg,rims. Mr. Stanley would doubtless be amused to learn, what more recent travellers assert, that he has himself become the centre of a similar group of tales, that the spots at which he halted alnd the trees under which he sat are pointed, out with fond respect to English visitors as the resort of " the Shevlik ;" and that even an idoloclast is not secure (such is superstition) from being personified in the grotesque conformation of a rock or immortalized in a Wady. Of the sincere and unaffected piety that characterizes the whole it is, perhaps, needless to speak. Yet, if it is much to have accuracy and research without referring to the ponderous tomes of Robinson, it is yet more to find a clergyman expressin ghimself on sacred subjects with a dash of reserve, it is true, peculiar to these controversial days, but with good taste and fearless honesty. Though he is never fired, like Bothen, with ain "insane devotion," making him " madly strong against nature," neither is he ever " hopelessly sane." There are expretsions, no doubt, 'which will be duly dragged to light and censured by those who are on the watch for such things; but the prevailing spirit it will be difficult even to misrepresent. 'We here take leave of Mr. Stanley, wvith the conviction that Sinai and Palestine will be recoganized not only as -the most satisfaetory work on the subject, but as his own chef d'aeavre. This is a book, too, the excellences of which are obvious without being superficial, and -such -is the foundation of a solid and lasting popularity.
BRISTOL CHANNLEL PILOTAGB. A special meeting of the Bristol town-council, was held yesterday, the Mayor (Mr. John-Vining) presiding, for the purpose of considering a communication from the Board g of Trade im reference to the pilotage of the Brictol IChannel. It should be stated that at present the pilotage authority of the whole Channel is vested in the Bristol corporation, and by that body delegated to the society of Merchant Venturers. Complaints having been made of the state of things by Glocester, Cardiff, Neewport, Swansea, and other !orts, in April, 18.55, Captain (now Admiral) Beechey was Ieputed by the Board of Trade to visit Bristol, and to insti- tute an inquiry upon the subject. The gallant Admiral held sittings on five days, and examined a great number of witnesses. As a result of the recommiendations of Admiral Beechey, the following proposals concerning the Bristol Channel pilotage have been submitted by the Board of Trade- " 1. ORGANIZATION. " 1. The pilotage of the estuary, including the ports of Bristol, Bideford, Bridgewater, Cardiff, Glocester, Neath, Newport, and Swansea, to be under one governing body. " 2.The Trinity-house of Deptford Strond to have a general control, and to take steps for the constitution of the local governing body. "3 . The Trinity-houseto communicate with the pilotage, harbour, or town authorities at each port, and to appoint sub-commissioners for each port. "4. One or more of the sub-commissioners at each port, according to the importance of its trade, to be deputed to act together as a central body, to regulate the general pilotage of the channel. "5 D. The central body to meet in the first instance at a place to be appointed by the Trinity-house, and afterwards at such place as they may themselves select. "6. lhedutyof the centralbody will be-to frame bylaws for the whole channel to fix, the qualifications of pilots, to license pilots, to fix stations for pilot boats, to appoint general superintendents, to settle the mode in which the earnings of the pilots are to be applied, to arrange pilots' superaunuation fund, to arrange how the property in pilot boats is to be held, to make all other rules and arrangements necessary for tho interests of the several ports collectively and severally. " 7. These rules, when approved, to be made binding by order in Council under the Merchant Shipping Act, 1854, section 333. "S. Thecentral body to meet at such stated times as they may determine, in order to hear complaints, make or alter bylaws, &c. " 9. The sub-commissioners at each port to carry the bylaws into effect at their own port, and to hear complaints arising at the port.- "IL G AP M=G,-ETS wrCH IT IS SUGGESTED IT WILL BEi FOUND DESIRABLE TO ADOPT. "1. Pilots to consist of two classes, outer and inner. The outer pilots to be qualified to take a ship betveen the sea and the anchorage off each port, or further, if licensed for the purpose. The inner pilots to take the ship from the anchorage into the port, and rice versd. "2. Two superintendents of pilots to be appointed, one at Pill and one at Cardiff, to enforce the bylaws, to keep the pilots to their stations, and to maintain a proper supply of pilots at their proper places. " 3. Special arrangements to be made for the Glocester pilotage." 31r. J. G. SA-rv moved, and Mr. Alderman Alexander seconded, the appointment of a deputation to attend a conference of delegates from the various ports, to be held at the Board of Trade upon the above subject, on the 4th of Api-l. The resolution was carried after some discussion, and the chairman and deputy-chairman of the Docks Committee (M1essrs. R. P, King and Robinson) and Mr. J. Poole, jun., were nominated as such deputation. The master and warders of the Society of Merchant Venturers, and Mr. B. Drew will also attend on behalf of that body.
THE Cn.cni ESTATES Contcssio-mRs.-The fifth general report of the Church Estates Commissioners was published yesterday morning. It bears date the Ist inst. The transactions in the year just concluded have exceeded in number and in value those of any previous year. The commissioners have approved the termns agreed upon in 300 cases, 279 being cases of sales of reversions and 21 eases of purchase of leasehold interests, and the value in fee of the estates so agreed to be dealt vith exceeds a million of noney. The aggregate number of cases enumerated in the annual reports as appr6ved is therefore 827, ani the value of the property dealt with upwards of 3,300,0001. In six cases the terimis proposed were declined by the commissioners; hut in tlree of them the terms have since been mnodified and have been tlierefore accepted. The aggregate numnber and extent of the transactionis effected in the last foui years lead to the conviction that the terms required for enfranchisemenit have provedl generally satisfactory. The commissioners, referring to t\c provision of the act of 1854 contemplating a particularcourse of proceeding for ascertaining by,arbitration the annual and fee simple value of property proposed to be enfranlchised, recommend that if it be re-enatcted it should eb made comupetentto either lessor or lessee to enforce comipletion. 1C,000W. has been paid over to the common fimu of the Ecclesiastical Commissionin respec't of the surplus proceeds of enfranchisements completed. [Advertisement.J-3T. Guizotq new -ork, " History of Thlebaril CromvWell andl t.he lIesteratlon of Charles Il.,"rendered by the tranUater of M'. flnt's foncerwvorks, Sir. Andrew Ecoble, is puttlshed tbs dapby.Xr. Bentley, in 2 vols., Evo, Ss.
THEB NAPOLEON CORRBSPONDENCE.* (Concluded from 2Vsc nma of March 20.) These letters abound in maxims -which exhibit Napoleon's general policy, and contain a variety of instructions which show the means by which it was furthered. In the first place we have an admission of his object in placing Joseph at Naples. "I hope," says he in 18U16, "that by setting to work earnestly to form a good army and fleet you will assist me to become master of the Mediterranean, which is the chief ancd perpetuaZ aim, of may policy." In the same year we have an explanation of his views 'With regard to the European Powers:- "-Of thethreePowers, Rusia, Prussia, and Austria, I want one for an ally. Prussia can never be trusted ; tkere remain Russia and Austria. An Austrian alliance once enabled us to be strong at sea. Austria, like myself, wishes for quiet. An alliance, based on the independence of Turkey, guaranteed by us, and with a mutual understanding, securing the peace of Europe, would enable mae to turn my attention to my fleet. It would suit me. Austria has often hinted this to me. The present moment, if she is ready to take advantage of it, is peculiarly favourable. I say no niore. I have explained myself more fuly| to the Prince of Benevento, who will commuricate with youl. Your part is played as soon as youhave insinuated, as slightly as possible, trcat I sin not opposed to a system which might unite me more closely, to Atria. Keep watch on 3foldavia and Wilachia, and let me have early notice of any attempts by Russia on Turkey." Many of his instructions for the accomplshment of results subordinate to his designs are so fre- quently repeated that we may regard them as his' fundamental principles in the conduct of affairs. One of these is the importance of occupying, the capital of the enemy. "The great thing," he writes in February, 1806, "is to take Naples. Naples taken, everything falls; and a province which could not have been conquered by two regiments vwill submit to a company." He is continually writing to Joseph, both in Italy and Spain, to the following effect,-" Your army is too scattered. It ought always to march so as to be able to concentrate itself in one day on a field of battle." Again, "Forbid smal garrisons, otherwise you will have great losses; the real system. is that of flying camps." In 1808, when Joseph is in Spain, he thus insists on the necessity of preserving his line of operations - " The art of war is founded on principles which must not be violated. To change one's line of operation is an o?eration whicholyaman of genius ought to attempt. m o lose one'sline of operations is an operationso dangerous that' tofeguiltyof itisacrime. Topreserve it is necessary in order to avoid being sepsrated from one's depot, which is the point of rendezvous, themagazine of supplies, and the place to which one's prisoners, wounded, and sick are to be sent." Then we have the maaxim that war should main-| tain 'war :-" Mtake the country in which you are furnish you 'with everything that you wtant. This. is a great portion of the art of war." The above instructions are repeated on variouJsoccasions and with different forms of ex pression, and may be regarded as the chief articles of the " Code Napoleon7" 'with reference to operations in the field. Upon establishing yourself in a conquered country you may be said to commence upon this broad and simple basis-" Nothing is sacred after a conquest" (March31, 1806). "The first things to do are to get money, and to make severe examples of assassins" (March 23, 1806). The latter applies to Naples; in dealing with Spain the same treatment is prescribed for its ubiquitous "banditti." A deference to public opinion in such cases is equivalent to a dependence on moonshine. "Whatever you do, the mere force of opinion will not maintain you in a city like Naples" (March 2, 1806). The professions of the people, if you attach weight to them, will only mislead you. " You must not suppose me so ignorant of the present disposition of Europe as to believe that Naples is too philosophic to have any prejudices in favour of birth; and if Naples seem so to your eyes it is because all conquered nations put on the same appearance, disg-uising their sentiments and their habits, and prostrating themselves 'with respect before him who holds their fortunes and their lives in his hand" (May 24, 1806). Don't deceive yourself as to the true object of a conquered nation's antipathies. " You do not know mankind. There are not twenty people who hate the Quieen as much as you think, and there are not twentv people who -would not yield to one of her smiles, to one of her advances. WVivut a iWtion iost hates is anotherl- -2itio0b (Aug. 9, 1806). As a corollary from this unwelcome fact, " Never go out with out guards" (March 2, lS0S),- " Do not organizeyour gnr so as to be under the control of a single commander; nothing canbe more dangerous. Sooner or later it would be necessary to retrace your. steps, and it is better not to start in a wrong direction. I have told you already, and I repeat it, that you place too much confidence in the Neapolitans. I say this especially with respect to y our kitchen and the guards of your person; lest you should be poisoned or assassinated, I make a point that you keep your French cooks, that you have your table attended to by youm oln servants, and that your household be so arranged that you may be always guarded by Frenchmen. You have not been sufficiently acquainted with myvprivate life to knok how much, even i France, I have alwdays kepthmyself mder the guard of my most trusty and oldest soldiers." Again,- "tNo one should enter your room during the night excep your aide-de-camp, who should sleep in the chamber that precedes your bedroom. Your door should i be l astened nside, and you ought not to open it, even to your aide-dc-camp till you have recognized his voice. He himself should no' knock at your door till he has lock-ed that of the roDm which ho is in, to make sure of being alone, and of being followved by no one. These precautions are important; they give no trouble, and the result is that they inspire conidence, besides that they mayfreally save your life. You should establishthesehabits immediately and for a continnance; you ought not to be obliged to have recourse to them on some emergency, which would hurt the feelings of those arotund you." The mode of establishing onesself permanently in a conquered country is as follows-.-In the first place, you must be prepared for a breeze or twvo:" The mob 'will not be submissive until it has had its inslurrect on" (M!arch 20, 1806). "Twvo or three battalions, however, and afew pieces of cannon will bring it to reason" (Same date). "' I should see Naples in revolt as a father sees his children in the smallpox; the crisis is salutary, provided it does not too much weaken the constitution" (Augnst 17, 1806). After this you- must gradually prepare to dispense with the support of a French army by the following policy (MIarch 8, 1806) -- " You must establish in the kingdom of .Naples a certain number of French families, holding fiefs either carved out of domains of the Crovn, or taken from their present possessors, or from the monks, by diminishing the number of convents. In my opinion, your throne will have no-solidity unless you surround it with a hundred generals, colonels, and others attached to your house, possessing great fiefs in the kingdom of Naples and Sicily. Bernadotte and lassena should, I think, be fixed in Naples, with the title of princes and with large revenues. Enable them to fouinid great families; I do this in Piedmont, the kingdom of Italy, anid Parna. In these countries and in Naples 300 or 400 French military men ought to be established with property descending biy primogeniture. In a few years they will marry into the principal families, and your throne will be strong enough to do without a French army,-a point which must he reached." - 'This advice is again repeated, with the addition elsdwhere (June 3, 1806) of cautions against relianca oA Neapolitan zeal :-" I am sorry to see in your. letters that you are captivated by particular services. To be captivated is very dangerous." It is observable that Napoleon himself is much less. satisfied with the services of his subordinates than lie ordinarily pretends to be. His maxim is to make each of them believe that he has his confi- dence (See Jan. 12, 1806). But in private he does not stint his complaints of their shortcomings and delilquencies. Massena is continually stigma- tized as a robber on his own account.: "I see already traces of the disorder which Massena produces everywhere" (Feb. 9, 1806). " Massena has robbed wherever he couild. Let hin be advised to return flo-ce niZZio2ns" (March 2, 1806). "M 3assena and S- have stolen 6,400,00f.; they shall repay to the last farthing" (March 12, 1806). " His theft amounts to 7,000,000f. or 8,000,000f." (March 20, 1806). " Four millions taken by Massenia have been found; two more mnst be recovered" (March 31, 1806). Again, "M. Barbd Marbois has been unfaithful to his duties. You need not say this to him, nor alala hlim too much until I come. . . . Say slightly to M. Marbois that a storm is brewnmg. I should not be surprised if Desprez and the-other jobbers connected with Barbe MIarbois, in their fear, replace what has been taken" (December 23, 180D). Again, " You must not let Savary Euspect my opinion of his incapacity" (July 18, 1808); and as to Talleyrand, in 1814, " Irepeat, distruist that man.". Biut there is one offence of his officers which he treats candidly-au&on the-instant. " Tell General Senarmont that he did not send a correct account of his artillery; that the EDglish took more than he aclnowledged; that I approve of his puttiN what he likes into the newspapers, but that w. en. he writes to me I must have the truth" (Sept. 4,1809). "Express to Marshal Jourdan my extreme displeasure at the inaccuracies and falsehoods in his report oi theetransactions on the 26th, 27th, 28-3x (Talavera), and 29th of July. . . Make him feel that this dishonesty towards the Government is a, real crime" (Aug. 21, 1809). On the other hands it is commendcable, in fact, it is the art of great captains " to make their numbers appear very large to the enemy, and to persuade their own troops o£ the enemy's great inferiority.. . . Far from owning that at W7vagram I had only 10V,000 men, I tried to prove that I had 220,009. Constantly inmy Itahian campaign when I had only a handfu -o£ men, I exLaggerated their numbers; this served myr purpose hing my glo' (Oct. li, 1809). These volumes are throughout filled with emphatic proofs of the supreme value which Napoleon attached to correct returns. Again and again he asks for them down to the smallest items, and again and again he is testing them and complaining of their inadequacy. " The returns of my armies form the most agreeable portion of my library; they are the volumes which I read with the greatest pleasure-iu my moments of relaxation" (Feb. 9,1806). Again, " Take pleasure, if you can, in reading your _eturns. The good conditien of my armies is,.ping to my devoting to them two or three hours ini every day. 'When the monthly returns of my armies andc my fleets, which form 20 thick volumes, are sent to me, I give up every other occupation in order to read themin detail, andto observe the difference between one monthly return and another. Nio young girl enjoys her novel so much as I do these returns August20, 1806). Even at Nogent, in 1814, in the very crisis of his embaxrassments, -we find himTemarking on a small discrepancy between two of them; andon the eve of Borodinohe-dis-; cusses ang-rily the intricacies in the Duke of Ragusa's - report of the Battle of Salamanca. Finally, he refers from him to his subordinates:-" Order the Generals of division to send returns of their losses It is intolerable that false accounts should be sent, and the truth disguised" (September 2, 1812). On the other hand, the option to put anything inx the newspapers which he liberally exercised himself -we observe that he accorded to and even enjoineeL on his subordinates. On the 9th of August, 1806, he says-"All that you tell me of the money scattered by the English is untrue. I have not been taken in. I am well used to rumours of this kind. All that is said of the plundering by the English is equally false. Mfy old experienee tels me more than aU the reports which can be given to me." At a later date, nevertheless, he catches at; rumours of this class, and gives Joseph directions-to put them in the newspapers. On January 15, 1809, he again says, " Pay attention to your newspapers, and have articles w:ritten from -which it may be inferred that the Spanish people is subdued andc submits itself." He takes objection even to forms of illustration; for instance, To the comparison of Saragossa with Saguntum (March 31, 1S09). Again, previous to Borodino, "Ask General Clausel to send you a detailed report (of the Duket of Ragrusa's account of Salamanca) to be inserted ill the ]feifnitier, withsomepassagessoftened." "Insert in the Mcsniteur (Feb. 8, 1814) that it is remarked that ambassadors of France and England are on terms of greatest politeness." Again (Feb. 21), the Minister of War must send good reporters to the towns which the enemies have occupied to draw up narratives of the atrocities which have been comnmitted. Of the same enemieshe says, Feb. 23 - *- A few days ago they thoughtthat I had no army; now their imagination sticks at notg-0000 or 400,000 men are not enough for them. They fancied that I had none but recruits; they now say that I have collected all mny veterans, and that my armies consist of picked men ; that the French army is better than ever. &c. See what is the effect of terror. The Parisian newspapers must confim theirfears. Newspapers are not history, any moie than bulletins arehistory; one should always persade the enemy that one's forces areimmense." It is flattering to observe that he, nevertheless, relies on the accuracy of the accounts publishe& in the English journals, and uses them even for the infonmnation of his Generals in thefielc. "tMy cousin," he says to Berthier (June 3, 1811), "II send. to you the English account of the action at Fuentes d'Onore. Send a copy to the Dukes of Ragusa and of Istria. You may have copied even what is scratched out, that they may know the whole." In the same spirit he remarks on the English statement of their numbersat-Lidai-andit is curious to observe what an impression it makes upon him, how he refers again and again to his beaten regiments, and directs Joseph to tak-e measures to recover their nworale. In short, he has been struck by a fact not yet familiarized to his experience, yet he does not dispute its statement, or declare it una-uthentic. He only says " If this be true, it is very extraordinary." The compliment is the greater that we find Napoleon so consistently avails himself of false assertions and pretences. When Joseph had presented St. Januarius with a diamond necklace he receives a letter of congratuation on his reconciliation witIx the INeapolitan saint. " But I suppose," says Napoleon, drily, " that, notwithstanding this, youhave occupied the forts; that you have taken care to, garrison and to provision them; that you ha7e disarmed the town, and been rather severe in youigovernment." On the subject of the decree sUppressing the Neapolitan convents in 1807 he shows equal flexibility - "' I own that I was not very we31 pleased with the preamble to the decree suppressing the convents.* In what concerns religion the language employed should beinareligio-s, andnotinaphilosophical spirit. You should displav the, talents of a ruler, not those of an author or a man of lettems. Why talk of the services which the monks have rendered to the arts and to science? Their merit does not consist in those services, but in theiradministrationofthe consolations, of religion. This preamble is entirely philosophical, -which. isnotwhat waswanted. Youseemto me to insu`t those -whon, you expel. The preamble ought to have been in accordance with the monacal system. Disagreeable things. are better endured from one who agrees with you thani froin a parson who differs. You ought to have said thatt:besnumber of the monks made their subsistence difficult; that the dignity of their profession required that they shoulul all bewell supported; that for that purpose a 1part must. be Temoved: that some mustbe preserved, because they are required for the administration of the sacraments, and thatothers mu;st be released, >c.'' After Austerlitz we have a more remarkable evidence of the length to which he could carry his. simuilative efforts. According to M. Thiers, at the close of that battle a number of the flying Russianshad thrown themselves upon the frozen lakes, wvhen Napoleon, from the Hill of Pratzcn, pereeivingtheir predicament, ordered round shot to be firedl. on the parts of the ice which remained unbroken, and so, by what may have been a fair operationi of w-ar, destroyed nearly 2,000 soldier Buu writing to Joseph on the 3d of December he describes the, circumstance thns :-"' A whole coluimn of the enemy th-ew itself into a lake, aud the greater part of them were drowned. I fancy that I still hearthe cries of these wretches tchom it twas imnpo!s5Sie to sv50." The fact is that thronghout his ea-cer hedid not scruple at acts and statements tti vhich he ought never to have condescesled;. and it is remarkable that, in spite of these, he succeeded in attaining the results which le: did. Those results are chiefiy attriblutable to the most extraordinary capacity for getting through work which was, perhaps, ever possessed by mnortal. Of this capacity there are evidences iiniumerable scattered throughoult these volumes, bat becanse they are so dependent on the kinowledgeof time and place, and a great -ariety of details, they are less easily presen"tcd tha-n the broad admissions which tell against hin. ' hiS publication, as we have already stated, will tend to increase our sense of his moral defects, but it wouldl be erroneous to suppose that it will detiact fro 'hisgreatness. Such as his genius has ever appeared to reflective minds it will still be considered. whea this correspondence is closed. Only it will be norevividly illustrated to the reader in every sense, Tit its power and its pettiness, its grandeur auid itsincompleteness. * The preamble stated in vffect that the religixus.~ -icers, which once were the preservers of knondedze .asid 'cat'0onig, hladbecome nnnecessary. That the attention of the prie-rt age was directed towards art, science, milihsry, v.olunijil, and commercial objects. That the expense sr-.uirpl forthese purposes obliged economy in other tling- Where- fore, vc. * Tlie Confideial Corrapondence of Kapolon Bonapartc 'oith his BrothLer Toseph, some tiMe Kin2g of Spvin. Sae lected and translated, -with explanatory notes, from the Arnvwlrcs duc oi Josepjh. 2 vols. Lonaou: Xdurry, 155. THE BOinD OF TRADE ,UND TIME L c:s; TiUl. JosEpIIn= WTTTs.-Two young Tynae seamn, ..aanme Newham and John Anderson, greatly distillngnLOIed them-. selves in rescuing the unfortaunate peoplc left *on thrJosephineWillis after her collisiun with tbe AIaiigertrni. They took nine persons off the mahimnst, and, after sowinga boat amile, rescued a passenger, who vwas tm.nath,g on ;A life-buoy. This week, by instroctiotns fromii the Btard oE Trade, Mr. Greenhow, the shipping-master at Nrt1h Shields, haspresented them each witlh 53s. a.Sui;tck.vwled ement of the Govermoent's appreciation of ihor. uaCe snIhumanity.
F: nT the LONDON GAZETT1E of 2"T&e1, Alarch 21. TI COhSSIOERS FOR BufD.lTTcmRC! By an Order in Council, dated the 25th of Februarv last, 3lerjl ajesty has been pleased to approve a representation o t=eCommissioners for Building Churches, and to order that the chapelry therein mentioned for the church of the Holy Trinity, at Wilnecote, in the parish of Tamworth, in the county of Stafford, be formed as in the representation set out. COMMIsSIONS Signed by the Qu '. 1st Durham Regiment of Militia.-Edward Agnew, Esq., to be Adit., vice Smitb, resigned. B'y the Loan-D TErNA-T of the West Riding of tho Couinty of * YoRI1, and of the City and County of the City of YoRY. The Hon. James Frederinc Stuart Wortley, to be Deputy-Lient. Bythbe LonD-LruTi-A-x% of the County Palstine of DURHaAr. IstDurham Regiment of Militia.-Adit. Edward Agnew to serve witlrthe rank of Clapt. * Bwythe LoRn-IsuTzN-.Ar of the county of NOTTIrclLGAr. RoTlSherwood Foresters or Nottinghanihie Regiment of Mtilitia. -J0hn Alexander Byrne, gent., to be Ensig. By the LoRs Hr Tr.AST of the county of NoRltor.s Norfolk Militia, Artillery.-Shovell Henry 33rereton, gent., to be Ececond Ieut. -1st or Western Regiment of Norfolk Militia -Ensign Edward Effingbaa.Lawrence to be I.ieut., vice Clarke, resigned. Bythe Lor -IrEr -Ar of the County of De-BiGnr. Royal Rife Regiment of Denbighshisr Militia.-Lieut. Robert Mldidelton to be Capt., vice 5'itzimgh, resigned. By the Lomn-LIa u=seArT of the County of SuFrOLK. West Sufolk Regiment of Mlflitia.-Lieut. Lord Hervey to be Caph, vice Agnew, resigned. By the LoaRD-LnorwA?r of the County of Sum.TuFy. Ist Regiment of the Royal Surrey Militia.-To be Lieutenants.- Eign Alared Spencer Heatheote, vice Ross resigned; Ensign Arthur Irwin BeS vice Forbes, promoted; Ensign lYLliam Henry Medly, vice Devs, resignedL This Ggzette" contains notices that the following places have been dulyregisteredfor the solemnization of marriages therein;Roman Catholic Chapel, Webb-street, St, Olave. Surrey. Wesleyan MIethodist Chapel, Worksop, Nottinghamshire. PARTNERSHBPS DISSOLVED. W. and J. Duckett, Burnley, Lancashire, stonemasons.-J. Harwood 2nd Co.. Heywood, Lancashire, cottopmners.-J. Hartley and J. Ponsford, UpperThames-street millers.-W.andW.Howden. Boston, ironfounders.-H. Whalley ana J. Brindle, Chorley, Lancashire, plasterers.-C. Coles and J. Howrlet. High-strect, Islington, and Highztreet, Stoke Newington, linendrapers.-T. Owen and Son, Bowdon, Cheshire. plasterers.-W. Marsh and Co., ;ingston.upon-Hull, spirit merchants.-W. Towers, ViLson. and Co.. Ripponden, Yorkshire, sik wasto dresers.-. and C. L. Kelly, LowerBelgrave-place, and Belgrave-street Souith, rimlico, auctioneers - 0. C. Dobell and CO.. liverpool, forwarding agents.-Cortis and Maples, Kingston-uponHull, emigration agenta-Newtou and Scattergood, Stockort, mannufacturem-Atkinson and Thirlwall, Holbom-bars linendrapers.-J. and E. Fielding. Rochdale, and elsewihere, teadealers.-Creswick and Harrson, Sheffleld, manufacturers of electro tanted goods SutclifEe and Brother. Halifax. cottonspinnert.-alVdL and Barham, sristol. general haulier.;-D. Clarke and J. Melville, Hathoan ,Tew Cown, lenther japaunerst-H. Masters and T. Boulden Ashford, Kent. carpentera.-Mace and Browne, cNorwich, lciber snatch manufacturers.-W. Elliott and T. Carleton, Buton. Bedfordshire, straw bounuet msnufaetorers.-Thou pson and Hiilton, Oldhsamn cottonrpinners.-W. Lea and Son, BimniaghauP, jewe lers.-Pais er and Co., iverpool. vwholesale teadealers.-Neson and Co., Nornwich grocers.-Wray. Deges, and Co., Goole, Yorkshire. engieers; asfar as regards E. Wray. DECAItATIEON OF DrVIDEINDS.- H. Copon, Lacncested, butpser-irstadiv. ot ls.. on Tuesday, April * or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mr. Pott's, Manchester. Jo:Eils. Brdnick. nearManchester, joiner-fasut div. of 3s., on Toesday, A pril S, or any subsequent Tuesday, at 3Mr. Bait's, 3fanchester. B:I.ord, Blackbuarn. coal dealer-first div, of 4!d., on Tuesday, April S. or any subsequent Tuesday, at Mrr. Pott's, Manchester. hL, . anld T. Henthfield, Sheffleld, cotton spinners-fifth div. of 0d. on Tuesdayo April S, or any subsequent Tuesday, at M rr. Pott's ofaachester. H. Topper. hanchester, provision denler-first div. of 4s. 2d., on tuesday, April 8, or any subsequent l'uesday, at r. Poet's, Mnaueheiter. J.19orrall, oiorttn and Mranchester, Fanufacturer-second div. of 2s.lock.. on Tuye2day, April 8, or any subsequeut Tuesdiay, at ier. BASEIIUPCY ANNULED. Henry, John, and James Slithies, Blackburn, irolfounders a BANXRfPTS. Tohn Juliusr tumzer, Grenville-street. Brnawick-square, shipovner to lrrender, April 42 , at k at 2, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Mlessrs. Laicanne, levws, and Bowyer. Old Jewlrychanberse- offcical assinee, asr. Bell. Colemau-street-buildings JohnuColes Fourdrrier, vito of Bush-lane, paper-makler, April 4, at 2 o'clockr,May 2,at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. HIllauce. Plews, andBwert OldfJeryiassniners, OldJerNyc offld,al assignee, Mr. Whutmore Basinghall-street. Edehan Turing Curtis Geat St. Hielen's, merchant, Aprild , at 2 I'clcck. April29, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Court. soMecitor, Adr. NicholRay,ewineustree d ; o fficial assgnee. 3fr. Grah .L Samuel Sheen, c orwood, victualer, Mtarch 29, at 1 o'clock. p ray 7, at hAif-past 11. at the B,ankrupts' Court: solicitors, Messrs. Paral and WillaurR e New Broa-street; offlcial assignee, Mr. NicholsUn, Basangha tr-streete EdenD_evis, Oxford-street, cabinet manufacturer. ipriland 29,at l o'clock, at the Bankrupts' Court: solcitors, Messrs. Archbutt and BaysrNew-ins, Strand offical assignee. H r. Lee,did.ermauhury Rdcard Nichollon, Southampton-court, Holbre , carpet-bag-maker, April 3, at2o'lhk, Aprifl29, at 1, at the Bankrupts' Curt: solicitor, f.-Ro.eOiCO°, ing-street. Finsbury-squaree offlial assignee, Mr. Edwarqs, Sambrook-court, Baminlialil-street. Peter Hewitt. Osseit-coraron. Yorkshire, wvorsted-spinner, April8, LMvayr,patUo'cock,at heeedsDistrict Court of Bankruptcy: soEll elters. M1essrs. Terry .and WVatson, Bradford: and Mtessrs. Bond and Barwock. Leeds: oacail assngnee, Mlr. ne ope, r i eds EdwardPotell, Ne ai1o[ncleontsomer.shire, grocer, April3, payl2 at 11 o'lock. atthe Liverpool District Court of aLnkrnpty. solicitor, i~r..Raddlife, Liverpool - official assignzee, Mr. Turner, iverpoo1 Behest Clnr' l.iverpool, miller, Apr-l 3 MTay .I at 2l o'clo at tcke Livetpool District Court of Ba^nkruptcy: solicitor. fr. Voo^dourn, M -,i verDool of hcialt assignee, M1r. Turner, Liverlro. JonFront, SuAtton, near hlacclesffeld. sil]c manufacturer3, April 2 and 24, at H2 o'clock, at the M^lanchester District Court of Bankruptcy: solietor, 31r. Hiiiginbetham, Iaceclesleld; oflicial assignee, M r. Hernamau, Stanchester. John Smith, Manchester, tobacconist, April 1 and 22, at 12 'clock, at the Manchester District Court of BankruptcY; solicitors. Messrs. Acphrdsion and H indell, Bolton-le-g oore ; offfcial assinee. 3fr. rott, Idanchester. ~ ~ ~ 4 J Jne,Machstr John Phillips Veysey, Exeter, hatter, April 3 ard 30, at 1 o'clock, at the Execter DsLtrict Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Mesrt. Reed, ET Afor, and oarbden, Fraieday-strcet; and hMr. Stogdon, Ecetera ofinal assignee. Mrr. Pirtzel, Exeter. Joseph ilarsden, Derby. iron folnder, Aprdi s and 2m , at hAlf-past 10 o'clock, at the Birmnugham District CWourt of Bankruptey: solicitor, WSr.veDack, Derby; oicial assignee, Mr. Harris, Nottinshaim. BeprelO1, H. Tindall, Hastings, breWer.-Anril 1J , C. Dearie, Fredewrick'place, OldJevrys merchant.-Aprill2, H. Fairweather, Nootrich. phoLsterer.-A-pril 11 and 17, 1., HM, and J. MitchDel, Forest of Pendle,iL-rcashtre, worstedspumer--Aprin4 J. Jones, a anchester, inrlkeepsr.-APrl 14, J. J. Brierley and R Arro.Sla ith, mun., Manchester, silk manulfacturers.-Aprl 1,I.R Fairley, Sunderland, H.nndte April 16. E. Squire, Kingston-upon-Hull, timbcr-mer1dgt.-ApriI 28, B.Prgr, late of Ludlow. bnnker.-Apritl12, J. . Lucas, Binning- CESRTIFICATES to be granted ualeu" cause he se-enr to the enutrarg - ~ anon the dsyof meeting. SnApril J Powvell, Wootwich, l1eFdraper Apriea 11, C. .Jeffenes, inAtoef nion-court,OldBroad-street, nmerchaut.-April15 WV. Shove, Croydon, oitman.-April ll, A. Kcing. ChisvweD-street,, F.insbury, wholesale srocer-Ap^ril 12, W. P. iiDicrap, Davies-street, Berkeley-square, farier.-April 12, W. and J. Raven, Fish-street-hiL.a Ghoesmale stationers.-Agprl 12, H.A FaLweatherk Norde idc, pholsterer. -AprAil15, J. 3MitceLsl, Sun-street, Bishopsg,ate-street, analytical chynust.-April 15. HL Ellis, Hudg^ate-bil, wine merchant.-April 11, X. Fairley, Sunderland, chym^ist.-April 24, J. Stade, Stoke-sub-}lamdon, Somersctshire, glovemnanufacturer.-April 17, It. GilU an.d HA. Edo, St. ;Thomaas byLaunceston, budlders.-April 14, H.A F. Budge, Manchester, festsanmannfact..rer.-M1ay2, W., H., andJ. Mitchell.Forest of Beadle, Lancashire, worsted spinners-APril4 P. RoberL^, Wrexhamn flourdeaiter. Aprilil^,W.iH Sm&tls Manchester, hspmerthaut.-Auril 17, G. T. CanweQl Wiolverhampton, puaup-maker.-AApri 17, G. lBarPker,-Burslexn, veneercutter.-sAprl11, . H3Punting, Shilton. Staffordshire. veneer cutter.-April l2, Hg KEettle, Sheilield, wzoollen draper.- Ap^ rlT 12, ^T., H,} aud S. Woothouse, Sheffield, sawinmanu.facturers. THE CORN AVERAGES. General WYeekly Average received in, tlhe wAekeleded March 15. 151: The Aqerage Price offEaymor' Muaovado, Sugar, computed from the returs made in the week endiu, the ith of March, exclusive of Customs' duties paid or payable thereon on the importation thereof into Great Britain. IL d. From the Eitish possesesionsnAmertca ,, 2t 2i per ewt. From the Mauritius- 25 , Frem tae Fasticd the three fore2on de- aptiounsofsugaz.joit1y.compu e . . 24 Gratf-nde lusiveofduty .. ' ° °oh r s24 C p HEs~ Bcxnci Clrk f he roor~Company.
CO2;FMATION AT ST. JAiS'S, PICCADILY.- On Thursday afternoon the Bishop of Oxford, acting for the Bishop of london, who is unable at present to resume the active duties of his episcopate, held a confirmation at St. James's Church, Piccadilly. T'he body of the spacious church wvas fiUed with youthful candidates of both sexes, among whom were a large number of the children of the nobiliy. The usual prayers of the church and those secialy appointed for the occasion having been read bv the Rev. J. E. Kempe, ALUa, the rector, the Bishop ascended the pulpit and delivered an earnest address to the candidates, explaining at some length the origin and nature of the holy rite into which they were about to enter. His Lordship then returnedtothe communion table and admitted the young persons who were presented to him by the imposition of hands. The Bishop of St. David's wil hold a confirrnation, for the Bshop of L,ondon, at St. Martin's-in-theFields, on the 2Sth of April; and it is expected that that whih is arnnouced for St. (Gi)es's and St. George's, Bloomsbury, on the 23th of April will be held by 'he Hon. and 1ev. Dr. Henryv Montagui Viliers, who prior to that time will have been consecrated Brshop of Carlise. [Advertisement.]-Easter Gifts and Easter Offerings.-It isrwhoyiimposaLble to select a -oreappropriatet,suefsi and accentable tififor daughter, sister, or wife than - reS in NeedleivorQ" Wr, Warren and 3Mrs. Pulan (price 8s. 6d. richly gilt), or the P=acticalHousewife," by the editor of the -Family i'riend"X (pric 25.6&., strongly bound). These books have been univers2,01 comr rmerded,thetirstas3being "a casketof treasures" (vide "IlUUstrated Loodon Seim, Jan. 6 1556),while the second work is spoken of as -a capital handbook" (vide " Athenreur," Dec. 29,1855) " that every cor.isderatehou.ekeepershouldconsult' (vide "Stamford Mercury Sov. 16 1855). Should the choice go beyond theze really cheap, good, andinstructivevohumnes, " legant Arts forLadies' (just out, 3s. d.), the " WiLesOwn Book of CDokery" (nearly ready, 3s. wd.), and "Bech. rtein's Handbook of Charnber and Cage Bird" (ust out. 2s. 6d.) are books that must prove both agreeable and instructive. Better works donot exist. They re beautifullyyilustrated. Ward and Lock, 158, 81ee-treet, and sold byall booksellers. [Advertisemcnt.--While the subject of national education is being languidly discased in Parliament, and whie faction is recdering abortive every meaore that is proposed, private enterpris ever in adv_nce of the Government, is enablig the people toeducate themselves. Without the aid of an act of Parliament or of pablic moSeyany person may obtain for d. a-month an education superior tothatwhich nine-tenths of the middle class of society receive. On the 29th of March vill appear the firatweely number of the re-issue of Cau,els "PopularEducator,"editedby IrfessorWalslce. A.M. of thejUnivervity of Glaafow, and Colleiate Tutor of the University of London, price lI.; to bepublished alo in monthly parts Price 7d.and S'd:; in divisions, in a handsome coloured wrapper, price is.; and in balf.yearly volmnes, price 4s. Gd. The whole complete in six volumes, comprising an invaluable library of useful knowledge. For the convenience of those wrho wish to complete sets without delay, or to purchafe the entire work, the whole will be kept on hand durini theperiod of re-issue. The first three volumes m' alo be had on inferior paper atid.pernumber; SL and Gdperpart; Is.d pervolorcomplete in one vol., s. 6d. London W. ICent and Co., Patemoster-row* and all bookseilers and newsaenaersin the united kingdom. [Advertisement.-' Our Own Stiory," by Selina Bun. bury, 3 vo's.. just published, and to bo had at all the libraries. ''ThJa is a story of that meriteons class which, entering the world cith the viewi of improving and amusing it, effectively accomplishes both ,DUrpOSeS. l3alkc the frivolous literature of the drawing-room, it does meore than excite the cuHriostY of the reader by the ainkresting complication oZ events and adventuresndt .aimatung develop. snent of the plot. It exhibits throghout a karnd Spirt of observa. tion, and bha much both of tender *nd lofty Sechog. The vitalityand vc'satility of orizin31genius Jevery chapter; there islifo in it. ttblonn twit deep thou rlhtiainationa din. !ay., in equal proportions huour, invention, and acute obseration Lm; of theEecene£ae pathetic in a very poverfl degree, and such of them a, are ini themain of a lively andmthfulchrcterare occaiioriliy softened an d elieytdbytouclies of unexpected tendergess
YA VAL AND MILITARBY INTELLIGENTE. The Castle Eden convict-ship sailed last evening from Portsmouth for the eastward, and also the Avon steamvessel, Second Master Veitch, ffor the westward. The Clifton, No. 106 transport, sailed last evening for the eastward. The Mayflower, 2, gunboat, Lieutenant Temple, arrived yesterday fromr the eastward. The Goldfinch, 2, guuboat, Lieutenant Boxer, arrived yesterday morning aM Portsmouth, from the eastward. The Amelie, No. 203 transport, came into harbour yesterday morning to discharge stores. The Pearl, 21, Captain Sotheby, went out of harbour yesterday, and anchored at Spithead. The Wanderer, 4, screw despatch vessel, Commander J. P. Luce, having received the whole of her stores on board, left Chathnam on Wednesday for Sheerness, to await her sailing orders. This vessel is supplied with two large Lancaster guns, and she is also provided with a large quantityof cases of Lancaster shells. Her crew have been paid in advance. The Mohawk, Commander F. A Close, fitting at Chatham foradespatch steamer, havingbeen completedand made ready for sea, a telegraphic despatch arrived at Chatham late on Thursday evening for her departure for Sheerness on the following day. She has a complement of 90 men. An order has been received at Chatham dockyard directing that the men employed on the establishment are to discontinue worldng overtime, with the exception of those employed on the .Etna floating battery.
EMUIGRATION TO AMERICA. Department of State, Washington, Feb. 19. Sir.-In complhance with the act of Congress of March 2. 1819, regulating passenger ships and vessels, I have the honour to communicate herewith the annual statement of the number and designation of passengers arriving in the United States bysea from foreign colntries during the year ending December 31, 1855, compiled from retmuns made to this department by collectors of customs, pursuant to provisions of said act. The measures adopted by the department in 1853, with a view to obviate the previous absence of unfformity and to secure accuracy in the returns of collectors, on which the statement is based, and which were referred to in the letter that accompanied the lass annual statement and in that which accompanied the preceding one, have conduced most favourably to the desired end. Previously to the statement of 1834 but two recapitulations were appended to the returns-namely, one embracing the "arrivals" in each State during the year; the other the number of passengers belonging to each "country." The statement nowv submitted will be found to embrace recapitulations exhibiting the following facts:- 1. Arrival of passengers in 1855. 2. Country where born. 3. Country where they mean to reside. 4. Age and sex. 5. Occupation. 6. Died on the voyage. 7. Comparative statement showing the countries in which were born passenzers arriving in the United States from foreign countries, from December 31, 1852, to December 31, 1830. 8. Comparative statement showing the age and sex of passengers arriving mn the United States from foreign countries, from December, 31, 1852, to December 31, 1855. 9. Comparative statement showing the occupation of pas. sengers arriving in the United States from foreign countries, from December 31, 1852, to December 31, 1855. 10. Comparative statement of the number of passengers arriving in the United States, by sea, from foreign countries, from September 30, 1843, to December 31, 1855. Attention is once more invited to the fact, that by the act of Congress of 1819, requiring immigration returns, passengers "arriving by sea" seem alone contemplated; and that an amendment of that act, so as to embrace also those arriving by land, seems to be demanded. The attention of collectors at frontier customhouses, especially on rhe northern border, has been directed to such immigration by this department, and the result has been returns from the collector at Oswego, embracing the arrivals of 5,072 passengers during the last three-quarters of the year. Although the returns of collectors of customs of the passengers arriving *within their districts have been characterized by greater precision during tbe past year than heretofore, there is still room for improvement; and the present statement will, like its predecessors for the last two years, be transmitted to them, with a view to aid them in causing their returns to conform to the requirements of law. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, W. L. MARCY. Hon. N. P. Banks, jun., Speaker of the House of Repre- sentatives. NO. L r.tnViArS OF PASSENGERS PT 1.55. 1;o. m.-COU?1TRY W}VEE THEY WEQT TO RESIDE. United States *.. .. .. .. .. .. .. 205,217 l n other countries ....... . . . . . . . . . . 6,2S5 Country of proposedresdencenot stated .. .. I ,974 Total . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 230,478 .NO. 1V.-AGE AHD SEX. NO. X.-STATMIENT OF THE NUMER OF PASSMGERS ARTIVING IN THE , UITED STATES BY SEA FROM 1OREIGN COUNTRTIES, FROM SEPTMBER 30, 1854, TO DECem BER 31, 1855.
FESTIVALS oF 1 THE TrnEE Croxms."-The triennial meeting of the three choirs of Worecster, Hereford, and Glocester `wi be held this year at Glocester, and arrangements are now being actively entered upon in that city for insuring complete success to the festivaL Judging from the number of gentlemen who have come forward and undertaken tho responsibility of the stewardship, a most successful meeting may be anticipated. These are-Sir Edward Tierney, Bart., Sir Martin H. Crawley Boevy, Bart., Flaxley Abbey; Sir Mxwell Steele, Bart., Mickleton Mianor, near Campden; Rev. Sir Lionel Darell, Bart., Pretherne; Hon. Ashley Pensonby, M.P.; Mr. W. P. Price, M.P., Tibberton; 3Mr. T. Gambier Parry, Highnam. court; Mr. James Ackers, Prinknash-park; Mr. James Wallington, Crudwell, near Cirencester; Mr. Charles Bathurst, Sydney-park,; M. R. F. Onslow, the Furnace, Newent- Mr W. Capel, the Grove, Stroud; Mr. G. H. Bengougz, Glocester; Mr. R. P. Davies, Thorn. bury-park; 3r. W. H. H. Hartley, Lyegrove-hoiuse, Chippenbam; Mr. C. J. Monk, Glocester; Mr. R. Potter, Standish-park; Mr. T. Turner, Glocesr ; Mr. J. Whittuck Whittuck, Hanham, Mr. E. Ho kinsion, EdgworthMr. J. Rolt, Q.C.; Mr. J. Fortescue Brickdale, Birchamphouse, Newland; Mr. P. B. Parnkel, Stancombe-park (county chairlan); Mr. J. A. Grahkn Clarke, Rocester - Mfr. H. H. Wilton, the leaze, Eastington; the Worshipful the hlyor of Glocester; and Revs. T. Peters, Eastington; Canon Bankes, Glocester; Canon Murray Browne, Standish; T. M. Sherwvood, Hucclecote; G. D. Bourne, Westonsub-Edge; R. W. Hippesley, Stow - F. T . Bayly, Brookthorpe; h, Houlditch. Glocester; iF. G. E. Hasluck, Little Sodbury; and C. F. WFillS, Upper Slaughter, near Stow. The days of holding the Festival are not yet fixed, but will
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I beg to informn " AL Taxpayer " that he is rig,ht in the suppositi.on that I left the Rifle Brigade for the 84th for the ~express purpose of getting on t,he Staff in India. I h ad been to the Crimea, had done my duty there, had been ordered home an, and was offered a Staff appointment, which I was perfectly justified in accepting. " 4 Taxpayer" sneers at me for not having gone out with the service companies. I did all in my power to go with the regiment when it left England, but, as I was the junior subaltern but one, I was left behind with the depOt. I went out ,with the first draught in November, after making a personal application at the Horse Guards to that effect. I was in the furst battalion, and not in the second (as "A Taxpayer" implies), when I was ordered home by the military authorities in.the Crimea, and the Horse Guards had therefore nothing to do with my return. "A Taxpayer" is wrong again when he states that I left the Crimea before either of the assaults on the Redan had taken place, not having quitted it for five weeks after the 18th of June; and he surely must agree that the Horse Guards were right in facilitating my exchange into the 84th, as by so doing the 2d battalion obtained the service of a captain of 14 years' standing at an important period, instead of one of three years'. In addition, I only beg leave to state that my exchange has not put the country to any expense whatever; and that, as I start for India to-morrow, I trust that "Taxpayex".will let this subject now ent;irely drop, for I shall be uniable further to correct his numerous nistakes, which, in the zeal he possesses for the public service, he has made in his previous letters. I am, Sir, yours obediently, A. AN.UN. Captain b4th Regiment. London, March 21.
*[Advertisement.]--The Four Cheapest :Books in the World.-Englghsoman's Domestic Magazine, vols. 1, 2, 3. and 4 aLre nowallreprinted, andcan be purchased at any bookselelers in tbe unltedkingdom. Each volume contains 800columins ofmost interesting and useful mnatter-viz., Tales-Biographical Sketches-Miwoella. neous Articles-Prize Cfiompositiong.-~Poetry-Lalies' Fancy Worl;,Embroidery, Applieation,Bead-wor k,ook-markers,Braiding,Crochet,the Fashlons-vooldng, icllingeand sTeering-The Sick-roomNurseryThings Worth Kuaing-The Toilette. There are also more than 100 illutraion byBiret Fste, Jhn lbrt.B Morin, 3M. E. Dear, and Jullan Portch. The Engshwocnau'e oDtomestic Magazine is peb- e world Anysolume or volumes will be aent, post free, by the publiaher, San'nei 0. Boston, 18, Boruverie-street, London.' * [Advertisement.3-" A Comparative Table" is iust published, and forwarded free by poet on receipt of one stamlVby Sauel Biothers, 29, Lugdate-hll, sbhowing the bigbest and lowest price. of bread, nlour, snd wheat during each year, from January 1. 13A5, to December 31, 1I85. The purpose is to place at one lance before the reader a comprehensive view of aU the relative vcissitudes of the bread and wheat markets nader the various circumstances of nationsl prosperity or reverse, and the various ircal regulations wbich have operated during the period in question. "The table is altogether very ruggeative."-Mornirng Advertiser. "The result of the bakers' somPetition may be plainly seen in thislittle table."-Daily Ncws.
SIR CARALES NAPIER AND SIR JAMES GRAAM. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Sir James, in his speech, accused me of not sendir,g a report on Sweaborg till September the 23d. On looking over my papers, I find that, owing to the weather, I did not get ofi Sweaborg till the 12th of June. On the 2of f July Sir James wrote to me asfollows:-" The Cabinethas taken into consideration the statement contained in your plivate letter to me on the subject." The following is an extract of myletter:-"The only way to take or destroy Sweaborg would be by a large military force occupying the islands and throwing shells into it, and I send Admiral Chads' report." The Admiral's report was a very clear one. This Sir James industriouisly concealed from the House. On the 18th of July, after due consideration, I sent another report, and, as it is of great importance to me, I beg, Sir, you will have the kindness to reprint it:- "The only successful manner of attacking Sweaborg, that I can see, after the most mature consideration, assisted by Chads, who is a practical man and knows more about gunnery than any mran in the service, is by fitting out a great number of gunboats, carrying one gun with a long range, and placing them west of Sweaborg and south of Helsingfors. Every shell from them would tell somewhere, and perhaps nota per cent. from the enemiy would take effect. sack them bythefleet, to relieve the men, and in the course of the slumner Sweaborg would be reduced to ashes, and Heisingfors also, if it was thought proper; and I don't see wlhy we are to be 'mealy-mouthed' in time of war. The ships, you ill see, could not be destroyed, because they could move out of the way. "I was at the siege of artinique, many Years ago. We could not batter Fort Bourbon, as it lay higher than the ground around it, but 54) mortars, in three weeks, plunging their shot into it, made it surrender. And whether mortars are placed on shore or in gunboats is quite immaterial; indeed, the latter have the advantage, for, when their shells began to tell and our blood began to warm, the ships would move up to the batteries, and close quarters would finish what the mortarboats began. "11 sent you home copies of all the plans I had, and if you will lay them before the engineer and artillery officers, Iwill be bound forit they will agree with me that is the onlyway to destroy Sweaborg without an army superior to the Emperor of Russia's, which we are not likely to bring into the tield. It is toolate this year, but be all prepared next, now we know the anchorage, and begin early. " I forgot to say that the islands with;in range may all be put ir requisition for 13-inch mortars. The expenses would be very great, no doubt, but if we are to bring the war to a conclusion expense must not be thought about." t This letter the Admiralty deny having received. I wish to know what Sir James has done with it? He said I sent home no report before the 23d of September, which was the reason he could send no appliances in 1854 With regard to Bomarsund, Sir James read two letters of mine, recommending10,000 men to be sent there; but he suppressed the extract of another letter as follows:-" The third plan is to attempt Aland Islands. To do this (as we have no troops) it would be necessary for the whole fleet to proceed to the anchorage pointed out on Captain Sullivan's chart, leaving vessels at the entrance of the gulf to watch the Helsingfors squadron. Land all the marines and tuhe French troops,* which would amount to 5,000, a great number of heavy gurns, and lay siege to Bomarsund, attacking at the same time in front if found practicable; if not, land 10,000 seamen, and make soldiers of them." Why did Sir James suppress this unless in orderto inj ure me ? It is worse than Captain Christie's affair. I have shown that Sir James contemplated no further operations after he knew of the intention of withdrawing the French army; but when he found the people were discontented, a coiuncil of wvar was ordered on the 4th of September, aud it was unanimously decided that nothing more could be done at that season of the year. I, therefore, was not to blame. A second council of war was ordered on the 9th of September, to take General Jones's plan into consideration. This plan, Sir James said, I sent home without comment. This is not true. I did comment as follows:-" The place is of too much importance to be feebly garrisoned, and, if we have 5,000 men at Backholmen, they would pass over from Gustavus Sward 10,000 men, andmakethem all prisoners." The date of this letter to the Admiralty was the 27th of August. This council of war was not held, because the French army had gone, and the Admiralty l;new at the time they gave the order that it was decided they were to go. A third council of war was ordered on the 12th, and the French Admiral declined attending it, as he had already given his opinion, and my own Admirals unanimously agreed that they saw no reason to change theirs. Now, Sir, it will be recollected that my second reconnaissance, an account of which -was sent home on the 23d of September, was received by the Admiralty on the 4th of October, the day that the report of the capture of Sebastopol arrived; and they perverted my letter, wickedly and maliciously, and goaded me to attack Sweaborg, contrary to the opinion of two councils of war; and on the 9th of October (the day that they knew Sebastopol was not taken), without waiting for my reply, they contradicted the order, and directed the sailing ships to come home and my squadron to go to Kiel. How does Sir James get out of this? He blinked it altogether, and told the House'the battle of Alma was fought on the 15th of September. That had Inothing to do with my report, which was dated the 23d and arrived the day of the hoax; anid that was what caused the quarrel between the Admiralty and myself; and Sir James managed that so well that he led the House entirely away from it. Sir James says it was my neglect in not sending home a report before the 23d of September, 1854, which prevented him from sending appliances necessary for the attack of Sweaborg in 1854. I have .shown that I did send my report, dated the 18th of July; aid as for his talking of sending out appli. ances, it was quite impossible, and he knows it was. In 1855 they only managed to send out 32 gun and moitar vessels, and had not one gun on the islands, though the French had; and Admiral Dun|das was so sensible that his means were insufficient, though assisted byeight Frenchgunboats, four mortar vessels, and, I think, four or five mortars on the islands, that he never contemplated bring,ing up his large ships; and yet he was one of the "Yords" who vished me to attack with eight or ten sail of the line, though the intricate nature of the ground, from rocks awash and reefs ulider water, rendered it diffi'cult to select a position for the mortar vessels at proper range.t Even Captain Sullivan, who had surveyed the ground, got on shore, and the ships which engaged the batteries were obliged to haul off. It may be asked why Admiral Dundas did not go in when he saw the whole place in a blaze? There were two reasons. Eis fleet was not assembled and his mortars were all split, and the admiral had none to replace them. Sir James says this affair ought not to rest here. So say I. His Admiralty have been accused of perverting nydespatehestosave themselves from blame, and urging me to act contrary to the decision of two councils of war, ordered by themselves, and attack a fortress which not an admiral in the service would have ventured to do with my means, and which one of their own board, with all his additional applianices, would not do; and at the time I write, 200 sail of gun and mortar boats, besides what are preparing in France are, getting ready for the Baltic (if the war continue), to do what I was expected to do with nine or 10 sail of the line. The whole of the summer of 1854 I was uraised more than ever an admiral was, both publiely and vately, and now, in 1856, every attempt has beeinmade by Sir James Graham and Admiral Berkeley to destroy me because I resisted their conduct towards me, and all the power of Sir James's ridicuile and special pleading, true or false, brought against ime to damage my reputation. When I came home a court-martial was refusedan appeal to the Prime Minister not noticed-an appeal to the House of Commons, in 1855, successfully resisted, and an investigation into the operations in the Baltic met with a serious charge, preferred against me by the late First Lord of the Admiralty, supported by the Senior Naval Lord, accusing me of being the cause of proper appliances not being sent to the Baltic in 1854 to attack the enemy; and a further charge of having caused the delay in the attack of Cronstadt-a charge little short of high treason, and, if true, I ought to be removed from the list of admirals. If an investigation, which Ishall ask the Admiralty for, is ordered, I can tell both Sir James Grahan -anld Sir Frederick Berkeley it will not redound to their honour, at one time advising me not to be goaded oln, and that they approved of all I did; and then turning against me, and doing everything they could to anmoy me. Sir Frederick Berkeley said my nerves were gone. He has done enough to destroy the nerves of a much stronger man; and I should like to have seen how the gallant Admiral would have conducted the Baltic t Marines. t AdmiW DmdasS Lter. fleet the first campaign, had- it been intrusted to him. But that the Government took very good care not to do. The reporter of The Times represents me as having said that I had the gout. I said no such thing; it was a perfect mistake. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. CHARLES NAPIER.
MEDICAL LEaISLATION. TO THEEDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-There is now before Parliament, to be committed at the next morning sittig of theHouse of Commons, a bill which pu1rports to be for the reform of the laws relating to the medical profession. The matter is of so much public importance as to deserve consideration in your columns, especially as Mr. Headlam'sbill has hitherto attracted no general attention, and its principles (such as they are) tllreaten us with a new and objectionable style of class-legislation. - The more important professed objects of the bill, as of all medical reforrm bills introduced for the last 20 years, are the following -l. That within the tnited kingdom the licences and diplomas granted by duly authorized bodies shall be of universal currency, not, as now, restricted to particular towns or particular counties. 2. That bodies incompetent for the purpose shall not continue to give licences for medical or surgical practice, and that bodies retaining this privilege shall conform their tests to a uniform standard of qualification, so that one such institution may not underbid another, to the harm of the public, by selling its licence to unqualified persons. 3. That a register shall be kept of legally qualified practitioners, so that, for both public and professional protection, they may easily be distinguished from false pretenders to medical education. These are excellent objects, which 31r. Headlam proposes to attain by very exceptional means. After withdrawing from the British universities, from the Apothecaries' Company, and, I presume, from the Archbishop of Canterbury their present respective iights of giving licences to practice; and after providing that the Corporations of Physicians and Surgeons in England, Scotland, and Ireland shall alone exercise that privilege, he would institute a 3edical Council, as the sole and irresponsible depositary of all power for the purposes of the bill, giving it alsolute authority to regulate all educational tests and all payments for diplomas of admission to the medical profession; giving it entire control over all channels through which the British empire can receive a warranted supply of skdlled labour, indispensable for public and private service. Omitting for the present all reflection on other pats of the bill, I beg to offer soine criticisms on Ir. Headlam's conception of the cotncil to which such functions may be intrusted. First, however, let me observe that the proposal of a Coimcil of Medical Education is in itself not new. Universally it has been felt that, whenever certain necessary changes shouldcbe made in thelaws relating to the medical profession, the new system would begin as a difficult matter of administration, and would require that competent persons, deservig public confidence, should give it their strict attention. Therefore, as long as medical reform has been talked of, every project has tended to the establishment of a council; which (whether finally responsible or not) should at least constitute the immediate agency for that new administration which the reform would inaugurate. Different reformers have planned different functions for such a council; but all have agreed-and in this view Mr. Headlam's bill continues-that the entire system of medical education, including the conduct of all licensing corporations, and indirectly of all medical schools, should be subject to its supervision and control. Other functions, especially in relation to public health, have often been suggested for such a body as that in question; but, without referring to them, anld looking only w ithin the narrowt er limit of their duties, the council would require to be of peculiar material. To decide on the efficiency of schools and examining boards, disregarding their rivalries and jealousies; to regulate medical education; to appreciate the scientific progress of the time, so as to maintain the highest practicable standard of requirements for a professional licence-these would be tasks both difficult and delicate. They would involve knowledge, and more than knowledge. For a proper discharge they must be intrusted to the very best men in the profession-to men of high education, large minded, deliberative, just, and not only incorruptible but unprejudiced. The worst thing that could befall such a council, with its judicial functions, would be that its members should consider themselves as deleg,ates, pledged to the interests of particular nstitutions, or to the views of particular sections in theprofession. This, however, is the very thing aimed at in Mr. Headlam'sbill. His proposed council is to consist of 24 members, of whom 16 are to be delegated by the several corporations interested in medical matters, and eight to be elected by universal professional suffrage. Of the 24 members thus to be appwointed, nine are to be representatives for Scotland, ine for Eng,land, and six for Ireland. There are obvious objections to the details of this proposal :-First, in the absurdly disproportionate allotment of renresentatives to the three divisions of the kingdom. Secondly, in the improbability of obtaining effective co-operation in so numerous a council, with the majority of members likely to reside at least a day's journey from the place of meeting. Thirdly, in the certainty that, while the foremost men in Scotland and Ireland could, of course, only be induced by a sense of public duty to maLe the sacrifice of convenience and income necessary for such distant attendances, the office of councillor wouldlbe of sufficient Wdat-perhaps even of sufficienit emolument-to excite eager competition among men who could bring with theni no accession of strengo,th or of public confidence; and, as regards the eight popular members, to be nominated every three years by wFritten and postable voting,-papers$, the Edinburgh College of Surgeons forms a velr moderate estimate of the consequences of such a system-remonstrating against it that " it will probably give rise to canvassing, intriguing, and strife, and thereby tend rather to cause disunion than to promote the best interests of the profession and the comfort of its members." The greater wisdom is not always in the greater number, nor the tenderest conscience in those most solicitous for place. Candidates would be dangerously tempted to bid one against the other, and to flatter the vildest desires of their constituency by promising all sorts of impossible things against druggists, and homceopaths, and corn-cutters, and boards of guardians. But these are, comparatively speaking, faults of detail. The one insuperable objection is in principle. The clauses of M1r. Headlam's- bill which regard this subject imply an entire and radical error as to the proper object and meaning of such a coi.ucil as is proposed. He plans its construction as if the primary object were to guard certain internal interests of the profession; as if, for instance, some common propertv had to be administered-some property vested jointly in medical corporations and practitioners, over the application of -which they all mnight rig,htfully claim to watch-interest ag?ainst interest-so that none should steal an unfair advanitage from the trust. -Under this strange misapprehension, it is overlooked by Mr. Headlam that, at least equaly with the profession, the pubElc has a claim to be heard. Greatly,rno doubt, it would concluce to the rightly-understood interests of the profession that a well-chosen council should advise the State in respect of medical matters; but the Legislature will never concede that professional interests are the only object of medical reform, or that a medical council, aspiring to functions of national government, can be chosen like the board of dire- tors of some proprietary company. Nor, as regards the essential steps of medical reform-somewhat misrepresented though they are in this inconsiderate bill-would any such extravagance be needfuL The two parties-public and profession-have almost identical interests. Equally for both it is desirable that the sick should be able to know who are the duly educated medical practitioners of the country; that no others should be eligible for the publie service, or capable of recovering charges for alleged medical attendance; that in the question of qualification there should be no avoidable sham; that no person should be allowed to imitate those titles or credentials which imply a well-tested professional knowledge; that no institation should be able to confer such testimonials, except on sufficient evidence of the candidate's technical attainments.; and (this condition being secured) that the licentiate's title to practise Ibis suggestel to me that in Bngland alone there would be 20,000 voters; uaong whom some thousands would probably consist of apothccaries' assistants and the keepers of open shops,-not the best constituency for electing a sciontific judicial council. should be valid through the length and breadth of the land. It is an indispensable basis for the attainment of these objects that such visitational power should be exercised over schools and examining bodies as mnay insure that their standard of sufficiency shall rise vwith the progress of science, and that all required tests of education shall be effectively and honestly applied. With whom, then, is to rest this visitational power? Witihthosewhohaveto bevisited? Quis ctustodiet custodes 2 According to our practice of legislation under circumstances of equal magnitude, it would be vested in the Crown; in order that always some member of the Government for the time being may be held responsiblein Parliament for the exercise of authority BO. greatly important to the public interests; and, if this responsibility is to have any truth or meaning, 'surely the Governmnent must be left fee to exercise its own discretion as to the persons whom it vill appoint to advise or act in the matters in question. Here, then, I am at issue with the promoters of the bill. For the scientific interests of the profession, no less than for the rights of the public, I protest against the principle. It is "representation ran madL" If the large powers asked for are to be given, they must be in harmony vith the other institutions of the country; not centralized among the delegates of corporations, or committed to the hr.phazard results of professional popularity, or trusted forfair working to the balance of conflictive jealousies, but made part of our common Execulive. It is for all interests, medical and public, that so important a branch of Government should not be self-included and irresponsible; that it should depend on some recognized department of the State, and thus work under constant liability to Parliamentary question; that its responsible head should be in the great national Council. where other interests are discussed, where he may be challenged to show that medical legislation is working for the public good, and where, wvit;h his better cognizance of medical concerns, he may often find reason to urge their just claims to -consideration. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant. S. T. IL
WOMEN AND WATCHZORK. TO TlE EDITOObF THE TIMES. Sir,-A letter in your paper of the 13th inst., headed W"omen and Watchwork," requires some observation frora our trade, to prevent a grievous mistake on the part of those *whose philanthropy might be deluded by the fallacies containedin it. The basis of the writer's appeal to the public is the alleged fact of the decining condition of the watch manufacture in this country-a statement totally incorrect as the following statistics show:-In the year 184 the numberofgoldwatcheasesmarkedattheAssay-office, Gold-mithshall, London, was 14,257; in the year 1854 ithad increased to 23,56L In the year 1847, at the Chester Assay-office, where Liverpool watcheases are stamped, the numberof gold cases stamped was 1,528; in the year 1853, the last return, 9,2S4. In the year 1848, at London, the number of silver cases marked was 73,071; in 1854, 83,4G6. In the year 1847, at Chester, the number of silver cases was 5,456; in 1853, 13,673. At the Birmingham Assay-office, where the Coventry watchcases are marked, the number can only be estimated, for the register is kept in ounces, not in articles; but I the ratios are equally shownL Thus, in 184S there were 38,S42oz. of silver cases stamped; in 1853, the date of the last retura, 38,175 oz.,-a slight duminution, owing to the practice of the Coventry case-makers sending their cases up to London to obtain the London mark on them, and thus give the watches, when complete, the character of London work. Thus, without taking into account a large number of watehes manufactured wvithout cases for export to America, of which no register is kept or obtainable, the above figures show a trade far from declining ; on the contrary, increasing, in the only way a trade of such a nature can increaseby the gradual increase of hands, who require years of application before they are competent. Nor is this animprovement that has occurred only within the last few years, but has been going on with steady progress for many years past; for the year 1829, the last year of a return printed in 1830, shows the number of gold watches at London to be 9,136, and of silver55,991. So much for the alleged decline of theEnglishmanufacture. The writer states thatthe product of Neufehatel, in Switzerland, is 1,500,000 watches annually. There are no official statistics of manufacture in that canton, but there are of population, which, of course, bears a constant ratio to manufactures, only disturbed when new machines give power of more rapid production. In the year 1834 Dr. Bowring was appointed commissioner to proceed to Switzerland to inquire into the state of manufactures of that country, and, on the authority of the President of the Council of N eufehatel, Baron Chambrier, he reports the number of watches manufactured in that year to be about 100,000 or 120,000., the official returns showing a population of 56,073, of whom 6,38G wvere watchmakers. From a manufacturer in lNeufkhatel, to whom I wvrote a few days ago for the information, I learn that by the present census the number of the population in the canton is 76,000,-an increase of nearly 20,000. Now, admitting that the -whole increase of the population is wholly composed of grown watchmakers, malking no account of children, we do not then quadruple the number of watchnmak-ers existing in 1834, and cannot therefore reckon on more than a quadruple production,-viz., from 400,000 to 500,OO. But this supposition of the constituents of the increase of population is against nature; we cannot therefore conclude otherwise than that even this number, far short of the aRleged 1,500,000, is beyoni the truth; for there have not been invented since I834 any tools or system of manufaeture which can alterthe powers of production. It is but right that I should add that my informant, a respectable manufacturer, gives it as his opinion that 600,000 is the number now made. This, however, the statistics of population, -with reference to their producing powers, throw in doubt; yet even this greatly varies from the 1,500,000 referred to in your correspondent's letter. I have taken some trouble thus to supply statistical figures,not only as a corrective of the error which appeatrs intheletterIrefer to,butwhichisbeingpropagated through the mechanics' institutes of the country in the lectures which the writer alludes to as giving enlightenment to the trade. The English manufacture of watches, from the sound, reliable mechanic's watch to the more highly-finished gentleman's watch, has nothing to fear from Swiss manufaeturers if the system of producing reliable work be adhered to; for surely we who have supplied Switzerland with all the p:inciples of mechanism can maintain our ground against her, while she is content to be worLkig on principles which -we, havingfirst invented a century ago, have now abandoned as inferior to our present system. That Swiss watohes are cheaper is not denied, but that English watches are better, and, on the whole, cheaper, is equally true. If, however, by the introduction of inferior worlpeople the quality of our work is reduced, of course our existence as a trade must rapidly cease; nor could a surer method to effect it be planned than the introduction of female labour. It is no noveltyto employ women in the watch trade; daughters of worlkmen have frequently been so engaged, but the quality of their work has not been found satisfactory, and their apprenticeship has proved a mistake. Whether the trade be prosperous or declining need not affect the employment of women, so that they could succeed; but it is not merely the delicacy of hand that is requisite for success-it is patient thought and sound judgment that are also wanted. The hand is quickly adapted to the work in which it is engaged; no lady's hand rivals in softness that of the Spitalfields weaver. The watchinalcer's hand also is an instrument not only of motion, but of sensation, and the more delicate parts of the watch are just those which exact more judgment-a quality in reference to mechanics for which women have never been distingunished. Ornamental work seems more their department; and in engraving or enamel painting for the decoration of cases, or as applicable to jewelry, employment for a limited nuni ber of women might be found. I am, Sir, your ob'edient servant, JOQHN JO\E, S, AVatchmlnier, 33S, Strand.
MiRy's OFFERING.-You are well aware of the donations to the British soldiery sent out from the fair sex in England, from the lowliest cottager to the very highest lady in the realm. Among the presents were somc flannel shirts. One of these fell to the lot of Sergeant -the other day (I am requested not to print the na:e, ubut I kIow the man well); this shirt he opened, and then, inside it, he discovered carefully pinned a look of hair and tho following letter, which I subjoin Terbutim. The letter is directed thus - "hislisforyouAndIl hope it is Ayoung if not Give it ton won." Inside, thc words rtn thus: "My dear FRieud,-I write those few lines to you hoping thlat they Cheer you A little. I think you are dull, butt (;od will hulp you. I am A yoslng woman And I hope that yon are A young man, this is my hire (sic, for hair) Keep it for Mdy sake " from " M RtY. " You are now lafing, it zs bad writing." So ends the letter. wNeithcr county nor towvn is menitioned -in it It -was wafered, not sealed, and the stamp on tle envelope is a "forget-me-not." Thelock of hair enclosed is light brown in colour, and plaited in threo, tied with blue and yellowsilk threads. Who is lIary9.-Criinican Coirc spoadclit of tc Hecrald.
SALES BY AUCTION. Long Lasebold Investment.-5. Arlington-street, St. John-street-rL MR. RICHARD MOSS has received instructions f from the Executors of the late blr. Francia Forrest, to SELL 1 y AUCT1ON. at theMart. on Friday, April 4, at l2, a capital brick-buil grivate DWELLING-HOUSE, being No. 5. Arlington-street, St. John- treet-road, immediately betind *adler'-welUs Theatre, let to a highly respectabIe teIant at the moderate rent oE £32 per annum, and held for an unexp,ired term of Si lean, at a ground renlt of £4 Ss. per alnsu:n. bfay be viewred by permission of the tenan-t. Particulars had on tbe premises; at teh Auction farte: of Messrs. Nelson, 11, Essexstreet, Strand; and of h[r. Richard Mess. 12, Kfing William-street. city. oLung Leasehold Investments. Caledonian-road, Fentonville; mutable for small capitalists. 1,TR. RICHARD MOSS will SELL by AUCTION. lMtat the hfart, on Friday, April 4. at 12, in two lots,a very desirable well-built HOUSiE, with Shop, being No. 1, Upper Sontbampton-street, the corner of South-street, close to the Canal-brid"e held for about 60 years, at a grreund rent of £4 per annum. And a private Dwellinghouse, betag jNo. 65, Southamnpton-street; held for abouit 30 years. at a ground rent of;£2 lOs. per annum, May beoviewved, andparticulars had on the premtsei .atthe Auction Ihiart of M£essrs. Johuson.WenthraZll and SOnS. 7, King's Bench-wfalk, Temple; and of hlr. Richard MIoas, 12, ing William-street, city.'' LOng Leasehold Shop Property. Pethnal-green-road, for investment. 1 R. RICHARD MOSS is favoured with instrme- 1i tions from the Executors of the late Mr. Wm. Smith to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart. on Frida7, April 4. at 12, a valuable long LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, comprising two houses, adjoining each other, with sbops. being Noe. 69 and 71, in the best part of Bethnalgreen-road, having good yards and tenements behind. They are both let on lease to lessrs. RoUings and Witherick. highly respectable tenants (wvho have considerably improved the property), at extremelY rmoderate rents, amounting to £5 per annum, and are held under one lease for an unexpired term of 35i years, at a grond rent of £1153. perannum. bay be viewed by permision of the repective tenants, and particulars had on the premiEes; at the Auction Mart; of Messrs Nelson. 11. Easex-street, Strand; and of Mr. Richard Moss, 12, King Williamn-street. city. Pictures of the modern Belgian SchooL-By Messrs. CHRISTIE and MANSON, at their great Room, King-street, St. James's, on Wednesday, M1arch 26, at 1 precisely A Collection of Pictures by modern Belgian artists, DI. the property of a gentleman, and received from abroad. including capital specimens of Baume alecher Marneffe Van der Eyken Bovie Gabbe Morenhout Verineman Carolus Hugens blusin Verbeckhoven Clays Kruseman Robbe Verwve Coene Koelkoek Redige Van SchendeL Also the remaining pictures and sketches, the works of the late Thomas Henry Illidge, Esq., including many interesting portraits. May be viewed two days preceding, and catalogues had. In Bankruptcy.-67, BLhopsgate-street within.-Notice. M ESSRS. GREEN and SON beg to notify that the 1 SALE of the LEASE and BUSINESS, 67, Bishopsgate-street within, appointed to take place on the 24th inst., is POSTPONED for a few days-Offices, 18. flatton-garden. Isle of WVight, Woodsrde, VT'HE public are respectfully informed that the SALE L by AUCTION, of the PROPERTY, and of the Furniture as,d Effects, advertised to commence on Thursday, March 27, is POSTTONED until further notice.-FRANCIS PITTIS, auctioneer, Newport March S., 1856. iireat Boolham, Surrey.-The truly valuable and compact Freehold Estate of about 10 acres, with a substential Residence, known as 31illfield-house. surroanded by beautiful Gardens and Grounds. ]LR. FREDK. JONES is instructed to prepare the above desirable IROPERTY far SALE in May next, unless an acceptableofferispreviously made byprivatecontract. DetailedpartVculars will be shortly published: in the meantime ordersto view Mny be had upon application at his offlces,72,Park-street. Gr!enor-square. Mlarsh Land, Plumstead, Kent. jjR . ROB. ALLEN has recived instructions to SELL byAUCTION,on Blonday, March 31, at 12. at theAuction '.lart, about 14a. 2r. 28p. of rich MARtSH LAN, with a substantial barn and baUdings, situate in the Abbey Level, at the end of the Church hManor vway, in the parvial of Pumstea&eloee to the Abbey-weeod Station,on the Nforth KientRaivy, about11 miles from Leondon, three miles from WVonlsich, and the like distance from Erith. Immediate possession may bo had, For particulars apply to J. Hayward, Esq., solicitor, Dartford, Kent; or the auctioneer, Ruxley,aear Foot's-cray, K;ent. t HouseiseldEffectr of a lady leaving her residence, removed Ifrom tiap.- harn -Cabinct and Cottage Pianos, Engravingg, Clocks, and foreiga Furniture. I:ESSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, at their great ±VJ Rooms 211, High Holborn, THIS DAY, at 11 o'cloclS capital PiOUSEHO116 FUr.NITURE, large glasses, elegant drawingroom tables and chain, in waDnut and rosewood, commodes, with glass baCks, velvet pile, tapestry, and Turkey carpets, dinner tables, 12 handsome chai morocco, Arabian, 4-post, and French bedsteads and bedding, winged wardrobe. chuval glass, marble washatands, bookcaes, glass, chinda, and other furnishing requisites, May be viewed, and cata- Barnsbury-park.-Genuine Household Furnuture and Effects. ]'J ESSRS. WOODWARD, BROTEERS, will SELL M by AUCTION,atthelargeRoomadjoining-theiroffices, Parkhouse, Thornhil-road, on Wednesdav. March 26, at 12, a DRAWING ROO3 SUITE in walnutwoodr 61-octave cottage piano inrosewood case, mahogany and rosewood loo tables music stools, chair.s and couches covered in haircloth and leather, Brussels carpets, rugs, steel fenders and fire-ircns, mahogany four-post bedsteads, marble-top w.shstands, bidets swing dressing-gLasses and numerous useful items. On view the day previous and morning of sale. Catalogues as above, and at 50, Bedford-row. Notting-hill.-Handsome modern Furniture. China and Glass, Boo s Table and Bed Linen. and Effects. MESSRS. PRICE and CLARK will SELL by 1 k AUCTION, at the Residence, No. 6.Kensington-parkVillas. near.aotting-bill-gate. on Monda March 24. at 12 for 1. an elegant waIDut-tree DRAWIVNG-ROOM SNITE, covered in damask, with cur- tains en suite.tWa tabRs eed . Lnlas chandeiner, chimney glasses, extending dining t3lspdsasideboard, mahogany chairs in sets, Brusxsels carpets, bed chausber appen(tages, winged wardrobe, mahogany and iron bed steads and bedding, the requisites for the domestic offlices, ac. May. be vciew.ed on Saturday, and catalogoues had; also of the auctioneers, 437, r'utrney and Southwark.-Laarehohld Estates, suitable to Small eapi- MR.LOUJND wfill SELL by AUECTION, at the iLL1 Red Lion Inn, Putney, on ThUrsday, March 27, at 6 puncsi ally, by direction of the Executor of Mr. James Thornton, deceased, in two lots, a compact ESTATE of four houses. eligibly situate, on the Upper Richmond-road, Putney. near the Arab Boy, and a short distance from the railway station, let at rentals amounting to £53 per annum- and a house and shop, situate and being 19, Pleasant-place, St. GeorgWs-road, Southwark, let ata netrentalof £12perannuim. Maybeviewed,and particulars had of R. D. Ward, Esq., solidtor, 13, King's Bench-walk, Temple; and of the auctioneer. 6D, Chancery-lane. Southwark.-To Builders, Slates, Carpenters, Building MIaterial Dealers, and others. .PEAIKE isfavoured with instructions to SELL ljIby AUCTION onthe Premises, Fashion-street, Dockhead, on T'hursday, March 2i7, at P, without the least reserve, 60 tons of SLATES. (princesses, duchesses, countesses,) &c., also a quantity of leose building materials, comprising doors and franmes. sashes, quartering, mahogany shop front, and shutters. joists, quantity deal boards, 20u? oak p eats, scantilag, and other oak, with a variety of useful materiahl. Slay be view.edthe morningof sale, and catalogues obtained of J. H.. SAnthony, AEsq., soLicitor, 36, Nicholas-lane; and at Mlr. Peake's offices, 41. Tooley-street. Southwark. Brixton-hill.-Contractor's Plant and Effects, at the Reservoir of the Lambeth Water-w=orks. WESSRS. EVERSFIELD and HORNE are in- Lit stru.ted by the Executors of the iate Mr. Nesham to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises of thoL^ambeth Water-works Company, Brixton-hill, on Weenesday, March 26, at 10 for 1, in consequence of the completion of the contract, the valuable PLANT and EFFECTS ; comprising about 3,500 battens, 3,000 ft. of baulk timber, 2$0 navvie barrows, 180 wheeling planks, 400 scaffold boards, poles, and putlogs, seven pile-driving engines and monkeys, pug-mil, ladders, screens, brick and dobbin carts, a large quantity of ceDtres, ribs, huarterng, fire-wood, and other effects. May be viewed one day previous, and catalogues had on the premises ; also at the George the Fourth ; and of the auctioneers, 40, Parliament-street, or Coal Exchange. No. 1, BeIgrave-road, Pimlico.-todern Household Furniture, Piano- forte, OilPaintings, Billiard Table. andEffects. 1R. GEO. GOULDS.MITI will SELL by AUC- 17 TION, on the Premises, as above, on Tuesday. Aril 1, at 1 o'clock precisely, the whole of the CONTENTS of the RESIDENCE, which includes several iron bedsteads and bedding, mahogany wardrobes, chests of drawers, marble-top wassatands, and the usual fittings of the severa7 bed chambers, rosewood drawing-room suite, chimneyg'asses, lo card, and occasional tables, grand pianoforte by CoLard and Colard, mahogany dining tables, sideboard, dinner waggons, met of ditto chairs in leather, mahogany bookcase, and other libraryfurniture, biliardtabie, kitchen requisites, and numerous effects. On view the day preceding andmoming of sale. Catalogues on the premises, and at the auctioneer's offices, 3, Pont-street, and 24, lgrave-road, Pimlico. Thedesirable residence to belet on lease. Library of Law Reports, useful Office Furnitire, Iron Safe, &c. i[tR. HODGSON will SELL by AUCTION, at his iT l.new Auction Rooms, the corner of meet street and Chancerylane. THIS DAY, Mrarch 22, at halW-past 12, the valuable LAW LIBRARY of a gentleman retired fron practice, comprising a fine set of Ruffhead's Statutes at Large, from Magna Charta, with Continuationtol6thandl7thVictoria,39voeL.; many useful booksof reo ference, and a series of the moder rerts in the Courts of Chancery, Exchequer, Queen's Bench, Common Pleas, Bankruptcy. iai Prins, &e.. comPlete to the present time, and in excellent condition, being all relt bound. The offlice furniture comprises mahogany winged book. case, glazed; library tables, offlice desk. chairs, capital inon safe, 3 feet by 2 feet. and other useful items. To be viewed on Thursday and the morning ofr sale, and catalogues had. Twickenham. 1%R. BRAHAS vwill SELLby AUCTION, on .i.Y. the Premises, on Monday and Tuesday, the 24th and 25th of biarch, at 12 each day, by order of the Proprietor, the STOCK of a SMITH and IRONMONGER t comprising several tons of new and o'(t iron, large quantity of smnitlis tools. seven sets of stocks and dies, two large iron pilasters, gates and fencing, four anvils, a mandril, a bolster, seven pains large vce, stoves and littings, iron wrire, quantity of chain, several coppers, copper and iron oipe, gas fittings, washing apparatus, tinman's tools, a quantity of nails, screws, pewter, copper. and lead, leeks, keys, bolts, hinges, weighing machine, scales and w eights, and the remaining stock of a furnishing ibonmonger. Mlaybe viewved the mornmgof sale, and catalogues had of hfr. Abrahams, auctioneer and valuer, Twviekenham. The promises to be let on lease County of Pembroke.-Valuable FreeholdFarms. R. T. WYATKINS is instr-icted by the Messrs. 1 _Pemberton to S& by AUCTION, at the White Lion Hotel, in the town of Tenby, on Tuesday, the 15th day of April, at -o'clock in the afternoon for - precisely. all those TWO deiable FARMS, called Redberth Court and New Nap, situate about five miles from the fashionable town of Tenby, on the road from Pembroke to Tenby and Carmarthen, now in the occupation severally of Mr. David Jones and hMr. Francis James, and containnog respectively, by estimation, Illa. 3r. 14p. and S. Or. l4P, of arable, meadiow, and pasture land,with rights of common thereunto belonging, and having snitable homesteadsi and farm buildings attached, Anoy further information may be bad of Mlessrs. Icman and Co., sohectors, 51, Lincoln's-inn-fields, L-ondon: *Messrs. H*owell and Son, LAlanelly; or of the auctioneer, No. 143, Aldersaga te-Btreet. -In re John Liscock, Bootand Shoe Factor of Brooke-street, Holborn, a bankrupt MR. SAMI. JOHNSONwiU SELL by AUCTION, MN. at his Rooms. 143, Aldersgate-strect, on Wednesday, March 26 at 12, all the STOO5in TRADE of the above-named bankrupt, and some otber Effects; comprising 9,000 pairs of men's, women's, and children's boots and shoes; also in leather and shoe mercery, 40stout crop butts, 13 ew. kip butts, cordovan and russet offal, 150 doz. boot fronts, 800 pair blueher uppers, 16r doz. calf kids, enamelled skins, roans andbaess, 40 pieces cashmere and shoe lininMgs, 2 barrels American pegs, a sr;peror fire-proof safe by Tollet, a mahaoganu desk, gold watch and chain, and a'l the unexcepted articles of household furni. ture. Waybeviewedthodaybe'oroasndrooming of sale; and catalogues had of - Stopher, Esq., solicitor, Cheapmda; and of the auctioneer. 143. Ablderagate-street. Assembly Rooms, Lancaster. nectfull anounces that he ss- hasbnhonoured with inrctionsfromH. Birkett, Kaq., the ovner, to SEILl.by AUCTION. at the Assembly Rooms, Iancaster, on Tuesday, Wedneslay, and Thursday, the 25th, 26th, and 27th days of March. sale to commence at I o'clock in the afternoon of each day. and at 6 o'clock in the evening, the whole of his very valuable and carefully selected STOCK of large and splendid OPTICAL and PHILOSOPHICAL INSTRUMENlTS, several splendid mezzo-tint and other engravings, also a venr valuable librarY of books. The whole may be viewedfrom 1 to4o'clockonthedaypriorand on the mornigs of sale, and catalogues had at 3d. each (which will be returned to purchasers), at the following places :-Lieerpool Mercury, Manchester Guardian. reston Chronicle, KendaMercury, Weatmorland Gazette, Lancaster Gazette and Guardian ofices' and from the auctioneer, at 107, Mtoorlane, Lanc aster,-A uction and agenCY office, 107, M 1oor-lane. Sale of fine old Ports and other Wines. 1 R. GEORGE KNIGHT respectfully announces t.o iLL his friends and connexion, that he is favoured with instractions to SELII at the Iart, on Tuesday. the 25th inst., witbout reserve, to cover advances, the foUowing WINES, in bottle, viz., fine old crested Ports of Sandeman's, Quarles Harris's, and Cockburn's shipping, six to tw-ro years in bottle, fine vintage- wine of the 1851, Slva and Son's shipping, recently bottled; high-claeM Sherries, pale, gold, and brown, of Zisa'e, Garvey's, Domecq's Gonzalez, an Dubosec's shipping; fine sparkling Champagne. and choice oll Claret: also the finest pale cognac Brandy imported, and genulne Inlay Whisky, 10 per cent. over proot. Samplesmaybehadbyspayment or tasted the moring of and during the sale. Catalogues may be obtained of the Secretary; at tho Mart; or of 'Mr. George Knight, 20. Crosby-hall-chamber, city. In Chancery, "Soame and Rogers."-Valuable Freehold Estates, in the commt of Middlesex. sunESSRS. t Eo Y PaD submit to AUCTION, puri suant to a D Rcreiogf the Bgt Hon. the Master of the loUs, at the Mfart. on Tuesday, April 8, at 12 for 1, the following capital FREEHOLD PROPERTY, situate in Clerkenwell n--Lt 1. A coipacertrestate coirsing to neat messuages, Nos. 293 and 291, Great Warnr-sreetC?ekenwell , let at rents amounting to £49 per anum Lot 2. A Freehold House and Piremises, 9, Dorrington-street, Clerken. wael let on lease at £48 per annum. Lot 3. A F'rcehold House and Busines Premises, 10. Dorrington-street, let on lease at £3 per annum. The le4sees of lots 2 and 3 have expended a consIderable sum on their respective promises. Particulars and conditions of sale may be had at the Auctiou MIart; of Frederick Hewson6Esq, solicitor, 4, Lincoln'a-inn-fields; of Messrs. Gregory. Gregory Skirrow, and Rowcliffe, I, Bedford-row ; and df New ,K lCmp, 31, Judiit, B nms wick-Kqae Jd-tee,Bua taptalFrehol pivae ecloed tale,Mew. wthDwelling-house, ES~SRS. DANIEL SMNITH andi SON wespo(unless AUCIONappris the pMbltc thar the above valnaleand,o substantia Pthgese. pti upautoa asteon fon the eretio OMsion. are stills abougto TET,and offerc spand andEbHOLDig PoASfactRy orND farehosg and and elgBleysiater forad ondearloer,l chuch-aesrlbutpitae. Marche18. Inxtenwstveand cueurbfuo Louou an oud pearh ofpelay fitne spt for larny pauablc inreehtoldLns offstbUhernt Perythicelrs -ihpand beaytu DebdatteAucIEo SMIrtH fMs .M and SO P.l (nless olie:ntzUtable; offer Wh.l beim,adefrchthet9 entirety) submit t AUCtiOn, atdthe Mert,na. thmelan ofit Egand, Son, Tuendaygethe th ofe auparilt6 thereo'cok, Av lotsboe Farom ad toinn 4 aces each, Ipretentin Churchn sitro for g.Theeeto Adofasions or vilas au ounetfine ndulatergincomrsirn, wthin Frewhl inutores' of Sthe lary owand Bt.yswates roads ne aua evealu chrces abut ,7D antuthe prfectl deofe fromtatany toseesror other Churldhns and cmmandig s. n exEnsive A IE IT and cheruOseer, beapeuialyln spbmtfo any t public institu TION,o atbiset.th PAaTticulars wthe plans, may be ha edoat rvt tet. the AucinVat;oOWrsOt.M Nd of Lowe,~ soliitos, T Fpie;ofr.. Sopim,n arhitRect,r 09, St Elgn-rese etighl;and otfhma.a thessrs. wiiel Smithed ande ton, landiagents inE WaceteroopAce,o Parll-mal,nhoar ully athorizedtl tof trea forth rhetor anyw pant hsthereof.A vauable Fam adivson.toingcmaye pur cntofhetrcopingthe rreol ectorye of St. Maryw eaotsy0 e nu) h ptoaeadrgtof Pre-sentation toseveralaother Churchesan Capls IapeSSS A iE MT andtoS.hasat omy,i SON vll submitd vrc lo the ght; of ominationgt the Rectorictcues of St. Mr and S' t. THomas, asd theSt Johniesil be Ducivfideld, under tdi thepo n tofarecn c of StMayfrlimn,uo the deathbeiog.the present icmeto t eetolnw ini 70th year. Readn suc diisonk hein come of th rectryiof St.e purblill beat habigoudt£2o0 pboer esannum,at the oftgryad reightc of pirsehntoation BatoAlSitsCuc.a rpe vandabto StI.Coars,a Romay, ind other valet of Chead-. also aTsorte Cariaght, of neOmiLto to theCdIstric curcnheso rmSt., GorgTe'sda, AtrHyde, andt St. John'lvestockicopriesd am0 vStedintheov rec2 tor ofng cary forstes,2 stire being. The resenOUtrincumben ofrSt Thomas,st hof will back.omwearetor oa t,breyu Tho ans'sult the dvsionw taking ptbe. rics now iny hisndt yar qathey incomresohed retoryw of St. hatofl ThompissAsevtonl Fapitl., oytond; ofaMessrt Vaugchcant, spngring maktand Vaohnyolcirtos, Hocar'spartoMesses Wluhite irounhtoll, adrls Whie.sr- dOitrag 12 hareas, Marilborsptnourhsteet horMehaym akngiel Smit andSon,landagens, Wterlo-plc,. Pall-mal, Lieondon &and at the Auction Mart.c. my b viwe Arbofie Hal, nar Radi andWoknd caalongueks.hda h 1i'rESSRS. DANIEL SMasi16toke,anddO rsecfllyen .L aprie he ublc tat haingsoD teabovel eSuthate Sateth proert an reidnceof ir oh Coroy Eat. Hanceas, thei whoenti Wots.Thevlube SLord ,o CornfHy andOthrEfcsoWham tear, 12 stPong carthre,2n trepg,addronol:tecr conist of niea stc owHeat. ot,bre,adbas ihtesrw astrEeSRicS Dtha,ANdE aSqanITy oftrehd StN ra;te doad ma1rket andioneby cats, Howutrds pathen plategCaptairn r-oller, dRils dreceaze, drgs hearfrowS,LE crinrs pat ent, horenhes, haynakiepabg ma-e chine, harnevoss,saks stableJ uthenaoesigl,rangtols, dshbeep troughsean CagesNladers hudEs, andvr qauanttbold bicksT, stoes firewhood, andfre alof grabtroueh. charo, handsomhastonTe mastorn, &hcolonmayde vinwd oingsMondy Marwhch Ithe andmroprningtofrmispndcatalogesrad atouthe far;und~s innstantia Raing,rokemntsa, isdeigstfully paned uadon-a hentd; evatithe Auctio arit; prniat esroos. openiel tothe andtb Son's ofic ves, in aterloo-splace,fo Pal-a; fand of ra.k Hand fothneir agenti unsandeceigy rich pomain of 010oacrs, innedb the paindnsh of Lhecocve near. Chichfonhrn andowithine 14ailes ofluivl Bath,rtins the theesarofthe, vhitsficshedy by. Ithes Exetcutorslo apthedintorCatain prosrvtoksn,f decasned,fn terepoe fowalE-, icendMay mth nex,runes,a acepable toffher shallbed pardeviosly mande, the abtfuovesinguarly5desirabes an catompet CwaTlks S A and vufdies,pry valuable tAthe, aller fhreehl and freet ofabgreat tupeesr Them hadomre stne nmansion, with colonades forar dengrs, and lonuwhich The intoproprietor expemndion isevyaeatltouand pound inposubstantier alumproements,li Delihtfllyplaed poy 6etvie elvtion,e withn Mallsitsprincipwalrom oPer,nindt cpthealh Fants uuulyrcpaklegrud,bounded by thebeuil windings of the river Waf ewe Yoith its iHerry,h,aIte a hariculaly adaptredqu fort the poreseirvton ofl gae.eA ines frorraaeswalk,uscrened 12from the nrh,lad o h walle gardens,ando toffa beautfl be ofevnearly made acrest tn public fxCOvPEr,IullOf ethrivn oakir lts,mb Mand inetersethed abyv graotvelued walk an tured ides pot slpin toche pive.ther aresan excellen stablng, sperir far-houss an hometead ,an cottaesnor gar-es deues ndlabures.Theappoah t temnsionsis by a neat log and rongats frm te Cippehamrea, wtho rigethrwithsverfabou treqaeroAimlschiendytherhougpnntatins dspeanw Therouhte gsaroundalad to thkonechurch in which anU il satce Halfthe esthat emoe.yaricrasndaysremanrntepaigbti h ne evrtery infrmtionar aind oreshrstoy viewbisahehd atn hifie,i mah e imsportantandeveryvalablreeholdr DomtainofeibGrn, wirthamitoshnobe-stonpetMansin,tichgmSedark, andt captaly Fiarms, Yorkn and aroth aer Apphighlywictura esqu leprtofa Y torkhr,onlye svnomil-%'esfrom Rnaiesbreug and 12vra goomdLeeds MIJESSRS. DALNIEL S3MITHI andl SON will (unless prvae, unacetableo offer frshAll beyrcvAoCsy mae sbit toe sprubli CoMPetITONe ntr or in lots , nMynx, the aboveablmost valu-beETAEo ableTnddeigtfu ESTATE;nh caomprisig caisMta aewendspacousmnsiontr,wt Crevery Mappendage boroaugh,yo adisotintin,speror, gamrdes, hot-ahouses,omue grondms, tacomfog,alodes &c.Ao, alla inperfcpolersurroumnded mprichmensuprl Itisberluedipark,enclosr-edpyawl,andok skired b therive fo acnsidrablextnt;togestherlith, severalc spca Ilttn the hearnt of the amingthunt, Wandwithinreas. ec SSteY S. aDANItaEoLSiehudsTH andwithN willroubmteriet aittlFRactions and soidatagHEs,bothAfor reidenc angod inesment stherei an railwayabto Yorkic-onnetn itwtahed all patseocpto of th kngo. Halfrthe puarchasenmoney mays remainewo onfh securty of thre, estate. Futear paTicbulaFrtEsswlex shrl; mihd and vlalTinh theint-hrerim plans MESSRS. DANIEL SMIITH and SONT aire submit prvtMtet t top ffub fr AL byEPTTIN in thoN, ianth smporiang, togEtHerOrLi loin,ThE; CDesirgableadoauable aTATE ofexel Daentry Cpadadrich,re marshorongh, an tediatrithmtn of ib omrt, ing ah hands-.omesectandlmotecomfotablehe ansion, onae ans h inexeninldeparsadiprovtemTtbent-.Iischardes nfche p ark-ike af krngo, ornamntaly tibered wit goo garens,caita sthbinvestentranc lodg, ad alreqisl apurteancs fo a exnteman's o esablishment and Choimeley~ ~ ~~~~~~~sq, solicitors,Lnonsin,ratMsr.Dne mt andSons ofic; i Waerlo-pace Pal-mll,whoare fully auhoizd to teat or diposl,ewihearl possaesso, an topgive cards toe ChiewL anthiciit lof Lesininpon,th Warwikair te.rv- ~IE SSRS. DANIEL SatH ah nd SoN ab direcstbitno fo SLb SACiONB..DeabroyiwAri, inloin, atver abvaluable little FREEHOLD andT oTe-raedofRM windthax godrome-in taread andrspectabed Publdic-oueatahd in the Occupation of Mr. W ais Tunr syearly tenant;talwrn aLsoainsepwoodto about, U5e aChres. stored pant ahgfewfo builcbdiLngs,dtae, a in the parish of Log Meintn etweren Leationgtont,eSouath and Rubyparticulars, with pan padwhn, mh aybef ba whntedyo ale is fixed, at the Crown Hotel, Srwbr tteO I-nn,nAgben; ofur.; ReWynols,tbuildrm, at Oswentha; of Mesrs. Digtnce land Soens, Fioldcitors Dawiersquarlco: lnclnsin and of Mess.DailSthandson land SmtnadSn adagents, Waterteoo-rlace, London,l Cnape italto FrehldFrms,Dwithtfallargesetentofrc Gansiong Land,ric neark-Tibugryortd, Esx and valuable Timupnthe Rien-hrgs Ouse. ME,SSRS. DA-NIEL SMITH and SON will sublmi lnuplandousandrichpmashd olands 1inathe dintract) offe TfobrySAFort, in he and. f rspetale enats iliefy andlease;alsote Fndree bo alalde TpiatheTitb Ren-carges of the parish of Finx'groe,ghsex cptoAl, TIand patcual forytrustees they arEHeOneatD ofIlan-tax, Furherparicuars wth lan, wlib pulihed whp tetm fsl isfied; nd mythebehoaithAncton Mrt; t mthychefin orvn-tgmree,Srn;ado M ressrs.dan Famith anp o,ln MOESN. DAILSIHadSNwilsubmfft torSL pblicCAhETTION. at the, end vrofsMay, b divrectionuo fertile meadows pon the banksbo the riversSvranVeew aboudingwithdeli wit a vry sperir fam hois redofspectablItalbrik ad sltedbuiding, i th occpaton finMr. e amies, the tenats, and sticular, with pans. badwihWen t0he daPy of tsoale tin fixd, t te ion~otl, hrwabry atheOak Inn, Alberbury ; the Wynsay Ams,Oswetry;of r. 3eighon,landl agent. Chelveston. Higam orrs ;at he ucton art ofMesrs.Bennett, Field, and Bawon,soicior. Lncin'-mu; nd f esss.Daniel Smith and Very valuable Freehold Landed Estate, offering a capital Investment. j~ESSRS. DAiNIEL SMITH and SON are commons- soetoSELL, together or hi two or three lots, an important comnPact IFREEHOLD and TITHE--FREE ESTATE, of about 1,30D acres, in a ring fence, with well-tocked manor and superorfarm homesteads (as recently advertised for sale by auction):1 al ettofhighbly respectable and responsible yearly tenants, It in within three miles or. the arg maket ownof t. ees an iemiles from Huntingdon, and Pelrpetoual rAilowaysoain and ah navigable river,y ofCoolizag meet cl SS a RiSl t. PartIcular SMdpITH mayc beN hadin sabmtelo place, Palallll and pofsl Msrs.d booy Stretoftet andiGuteres soliciEtors,o rabaent-leurt. dhieot-ane.h Particularsmy valsoable FEHadOfLMr C ondrY, auctioner,gh of neggteandallftree.enains ti zthae interpetua Advstricn of thife vanColuabl Castle, ofeCoolng nraear e2!d tod AChtION, atdthe Mart,e eus the spfg (unes)s anpe accptable, arIisig from glebe land and tithe-rent charges, paynble by a few occopiers, rendaering the collection particularly easy and secure. An increase of income in expected firom the rorent cultivation of hops in the parish, The age of the present incumbent is 66. Populationt 150 There lane parsonage, but a house may be rented in the parish Fur.7 ther particulars maay be known oni application in Waterloo-place: als, of Messrs. Smith and AlListon, solicitors~, 4, Warnford-court, Thirog. mnorton-street, Great George-street, Westminster. 1JFESSRS. DANIEL SMITH andI SON respectfully VJ,apprise the public that, having Sold the Mansion, No, 16, at theo south-east coiner of Great George-street the FURNITURE will be SOLD by AUCTION, bv Mlr. STANTON', on the Premigses on Wed- of te reepton roms.chadelirs, ookases.h Tuke IndOte pendgesof te bd roms,kitcen tensls,and other effects ofth ollces Te flmiur ma b viwedonTueday te 8h,and cataloges ad n te pemies~amAat tses, mitb ofics,in Water- Vehluable Leasehold Impropriate Rectory, in a beautiful paut ofS1oiith Devonshire, offerirng a most desirable Residence with a superi i Faim, and a handsomeinoome for a comparativelynmoderato advanso of capitaL. ESSRS. DANIEL SMlITH and SON will (nnless U.Lprevioushr dispoaed of by private trkeaty) offer for SALE: 1,3 OTON.in the spring, the important and very desmrble 1XIASTqHOLD 1,MPROPIRIATE REcTVORY of IPPLEPIN -od 't (ODLAN~D, inthe bea-utiful icinity of Toiness and Torqluay anid oi ly three miles from the town aLnd raUiway station of Newton Abbo;t. It c omprises the Rectory House, a commodious family mansion, surri vaded by pleasure grounds, walled gardens, and other appendageslb o an ornatmental Cottage Residence, near the chiirch; abouit ted a,resof exceedingl rich globe land; also the rent charges in lien of il e tithes of theo parishes of Ipplepen and Woodfland. commuted at £480 and.£200 respectively. It is helduwder the Deanuand Chapter of WVindsor by the customary renewvable lease of 21 years. It is a very favourite and remarkably pictures-ins and healthy distritt. w ith all the advantages of railroads and good society. For cards to v ew apply to TMessrs. Fox anid Son, solicitors Fitlnvury-circus ; Mr. Francis, solicitor, Newton Bushel; and for cardsand further particulIars t-o Mlr. J. Brooling, solicitor, Dartmouth, also to Messrs. Daniel Smith and Son. land agenits, in WVaterloo-place, 'a-ml,London. M Barnsbm-y-park.-Household Ftrniiture and Efects. lIR. BRAY, Jun., wilfl SELL, on the Premises, No. 53. Huintingdon-street. Barnsbury, on Wednesday, MNarch 24, at 12. HOUSEHIOLD) FURNITURE. cempli iing chimnoy glass, extending-frame dining anid other tables, Brussois carpets. ru;ss fenders and fire-irons, mahogany couch. setofrmahog-any chairs,,comnice poles and curtains, bedsteads and bedding. cheats of drawers, washstands and dressing tables, glasses, &c,, kitchien items, four doz, stoppared bottles, andnmiscellaneous effects. May beviewed theoday prior, and catalog,ues had onthe premises, and of the auctioneer,lOs, King'seroad, Bedford-row. Islington.-Dsrellinc.bouse, wvith double-fronted Shep. 1~r.BRAY, jun., will SE,LL, at the Al'art on IVJ,ITurdady,April 10, at 120,a newly-erected LEASEHOLD) D;VELLING-HOUSE, wvith two shops and good family accom c,odation, hold for 49 years, at £32 per annum, and producing rents amountini; to £57 per annuma. May he viewed by leave of the tenants. ancL tatclr idconditions of sale had of]). A. Rivolts. Esq., solicitoUr. 0, Hart-street, Bilooinsbilry ; at the Anjgel ; on the Premises; at the Mart; anid of the auctioneer, 1ISa, KICng's-road. Bedford-row. Old Ford, ttow.-Twvo genteel private Residences. Jp-BRAY, jun., has received instructions to SELL by AUCTIOI,, at thseMart, on Thursday, April 10. at 12, in two lots, TWVO welt-built private ItESIDENCES, of neat elevation, with garens beng os.8 nd , Bdfod-trrae.Old Fond-road, Victoriapark hed byse ratoleaes fr 8 yeas fom arch. 1010, at the low undrnto rt4 S, eao huse Ma beviewed on applieation to InBnrptey.-Blrixn 1R. BRAY, jun., vwfil SELL, at the Mlart, on JJ..Thursday. April 10. at 12, in seven lots, by order of the Assignees of WVillviam Aahtn, a bana-rupt, with the consent of the Mortgagee, SEV'EN substantially brick-built private RESIDENCES, of neat elevation, with gardens in the front and rear, being Nos. I to 7. CromwellroAd Loughnhbrough-road, Brixtou, inL the county of Surrey;- held ior 0 0 years from Lady-day, 1853, at the low groundl rent of £2 ills, each house, and producing rents amounting to £182 per annum. Mlay be viewed by leave of the respective tenants, and particulars and conditions of sae had of Charles McDuff, E-sq., 37, Castle-street, Holbomn; and Juno. Gluam, Esa., 24. Bartlett's-buildfidgs. Holborn, solicitors to the fiat; of Messrs. Harrison and Scarborough, solicitors, 6, Bloomsbury-square ; of Patrick Johnson, Esq., official assignee, 20,Rasinghallstreet ; of Mr. J. Hollidlay, builder. Loughborougls-road ; at the Mart; and of the aucetioneer, 1iSa, King's-road, Bedford-row. Filnebey, Middlesex-Out-door Effects of a gentleman's Residence, a few lots of Furniture. &C. -AKER and SON will SELL by AUCTION, on B Monday. March 24, at I, on the Premises, adjoining the Old Church, at Fiachley, the remaining EFFECTS, comprising two milch cow, fur eifrs,stak o reen.cars, androlier, wsinnowing machie, llekecruher lades, ate cat,manure, garden engine mahoanyfou-pot bdstads chsteof rawrs,beds, sideboard, din- Keusat-green. Harrow-road near Padntn-Vr rm Upland MleadowHy of first-rate qiitancour B3AKE n O il ELbUTON, on the Peie,opposite the Cemetery, at Kena-re,oWdesy March 26. at 2, abourt 400 loads of ver ueirMAO A,o the very best quality and colour, a. evee h a ro,Ctloguaez had on the premises; and ofthauioer,Kbrn Wentworth-house. Mill-hill, Heudon, Middlesex.-Lease of the Resi- dence, elegant Furniture, Plate, Books, Paintings, race old Wines, upwards of 40 years in bottle, Carriages, Horses, Out-door Effects, &c6 1iARER and SON have received instructions from 1Fthe E-xecutors of the late Capt. Ianes, H.C.S., to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premnises. on Thungday, March 27. and foliowing day. at I each day, the LEASE of the capital RESMDENCE; the excellent furniture, in mahogany four-post and other bedsteads and hangings, beds, bedding, toilet stands, tables and glasses, wardrobes, c~hests of drawers, a drawing room suite in bird's-eye Magpile,omprising conchais, chairs, centre and other tables &o., beautiful Inda screens and c-abinets mahogany dining and other tables, chairs sideboards, bookcases, dinnerwagon, library table and chairsl, 1,000ote,books, grand pianoforte, 1,01 or,. of maodemt late, 80 paintng and prints by esteemed masters, rare old India,Sdvas and ann china, chimney and pier glaszes. Turkey and other carpets; a small cellar of very recherchd wines, including Ports of 1820, Sauterne and Constantia upwvards of 50 years inbottle, red and white Hermaitage, Clarets, &e.; chins, glass, kItehen and culinary articles ; and the out-door effects, consisting of a pairof eryhansom yong arragehores,superior cob, a nag horse, excllet carece,a cb, arnss,twomilch cows, hay, rowen, ews ulda bs Chnd esesos arm ndpigs polty garden roie,dit tioeer, Klbun, ..Theleae, urntur of The REdSchambers plat. hoks chna,&c. wil besol onthe27t,vad etedrawng and dinng oomfuritoe. Mines,anout-orefcs de., nte2t at MRBSTESD,V-ENS wvill SELL by AUCTION,a his Geat Room. 3d. King-street, Covent-garden, THI Frday, testsort, stndars, alf tandrds,and dwrfsead 100ntea rokses in p'eeots,an importationfrom Cndia incldingc i llow n butt otwlota Firueumho adHo 0hu f sed ofonig conatifrs, Maybeiewedontth thepulictht teAMIsCelLAneusS ale. N TO S fSl Ma rchi8.at 1Apreisely,a a2 McISCaeLLnEow US ASSEandmBaGE ehaonsppisatingof micoscoes,rs amithums and Soxthe appaitra 6Situs agptol stiontBlofm snery;, ossils shels,stuPaged birds driedo ilants bookts, angravings, pitue, and Brad-variety and othe Alartcls. Myb iwdo thddesdyerir and cartsValouabes had. adCoyol stts h lareeholdlnviam oleAtf-TelCorksPublic Housygrean,MddTaernean twoFreehoadnta House adjoining, psitatin Gatounm Lthfedtes MAESSRS. PAGE and CAiMERONbe tovinboem ofteaboveureeholdh Pnsroperty, advromtised Extorstaoelacea thy MArt, TON Fa, apri 4,e Mart1 on'clocka, ay1 areno1RA2, and maybte heiadbon applcatOnLD MESsrs. E Sm thablndgo, soliciotors, 18, uHamptogrensthe et,ngtonomuburyhoruosessrs. Pae CtaeandjCmeoin.ilnd,i agentsoando surveyos 65 Ol Frreoad-strvelt,indhoue, Aan ' So,nal pp-t,i h Middlesex and t H ers.-V thaluablefFreeoldtandgepforbdiEstatetostes pleaatystate WilimPtl thleld enraneothtw offalygen amidet r!Estex, ro ducng a rtenta of Mabout £30Land siannum. are-cmonThe vIuabeS S PAEeeodMaws ctarnidnCaMERONaces havrebeen favSoured witthainstructidonshfro themExecutforsngtoheL byg-radUCFREEHOLD. arESIDENCE tablmg aoiind rounds,l a on Hbainey-g1en thes Welingtonth Publichos and the Cat;ottage adjoining, inoheitown ofar tcehuspasion e of Mr. Pealogengoer noineiacres Cofsby-solar Mando Lan andss Pg forCtages withro vlabdaefontsag dsforvbilinoprpses.l pleadsatlyestuat atd Sthe elbns,ance toathetow fBre rmBsrs aery allo blen ofsMbaeadowfad situatey onWatchet,O-coartsonfThree valuble reeold eados, ontining abot7e ars;aFehl eR.Sop J OttagS,ONd othe PrEmise, frotin the high-rAduatio Whetstnice,natiASlaRsMaNd onditionS, ofnsaletaynb obtlarginged1 dastprio tod cuther saleutthat rigs ofin emr.Rihrdsy, sodbrlciator 0 Charlter-housde-squhare;of r. Joeis, srolcitor,, sCrosby-squaret of ands bfiMessrts Pagte ands Came, imeon lnd gents and surveros En 4,a Old Boroad-swtreet, andSt subns, ohe vn~ercotlye, ca a evee theryprvaluabeAsenmblageofsawelery Catchoges,h10 atttsrofoDsn ToBa nr dxtos, ando, he. 1%/l. JOHNSON will SELL, at the City Auction LIRooms, 39. Graceehureb-street, oni Wedneday, March 28, at 1.2,th aSmagI ficen BZASSRTMN ofP Licld JE E , lonisige ofsemlarge sigl stonerantcusterl brilindtherings ine emerad,o suby,rt andpbrilliantbaceladets, werkbetes,headnornmenyfits,boces, drstdgcs,e10 craofbs lossr forignwaces, and sundryu otherveycsl effects,. May be viewed tedypeiu th a rvosand morningoofsale. Catalogues hadaatthe rooms. No. 2, liory Toad WadsworthPro~resand oohern osehl untr MR. JONHNSON will SELL, bt theTCity Auctio T . Boom,s 320 Gracchreb-sreet, on Frisday, MetBarch 25, at 12, the STOC ofeg a BAZAAR KEEPUSRAOincludin a lRgeompsemblgeon brersteadsufalyfudtberesmtresse,inas dberdions,coetias,ortamnyhesto craddes,workboxs,andhandsml fiterdessing tbe,oietgasses.ob, pd'sape knies,anywdnmrous, oplthefectlas.payebeviewedathendayopeviousoo cr.and morningkfasaleCtabloguets bfad at a the frooms. hiscuh bndo,m2,eriryroselad, etsandwrugh,-right teelderndeHouseod furnitoure and Efect, genine aintigs. ema paintiynfgoos.icud Preise, 2, rioy-rad,onTuedaynet.arc;Feih 2 Scae12fo 1, the gsuin moem HOUSEOLD FUR iTUe,gllr co priingtirng bedsead, etbebed, matreses,andbed ing ah oganv ests. ofd cr,tand breakfastabes, sets ofs Baynes' fara'nme hirs,,couhes, o haenedsoeyrssl carpets6 and2 precsel,byrihstefnderso and prpietre-irenchaimnery-glasse i godincifr-ams sidebosards. Thoie spainfptinsiclude lIoasueighjrs screne,byplathe-tw Interisrs, Vndan assotrylment f paers by Va exe motngthisCoattage art, bywhiin eatlky; fine s'g allespanting Lablesprayer, anddOthers ichsenv reqis aites,i&cbeMa bnel viewbxsted, n catalogueswhad ontthepem-o,aisyes;afmGeSle,ds, gl4-o, sTra falgae-quase anodelofth auctioeer,sh1, threodher's-coufrt,uLe,estersquared. spae Cravesend, Kent. rot sats Wensday Marh 26., a 2 pecisly, .y orer o the popietor tremoving, a POTI o the SOCK in tRA coynes'spistting ofbook stationery,L fanrgods onecahogaand Wglass, archoie soc ofrpoianho- four-exectin thissbeautifu D art,wriin R esom s dressiWangtcases, booro, Cbibes,paes, andeschure servicgTbes, 12anrdc envlop boxeCai s fndlled, acovewred letter-ox, fancy aenamelled glaovebox stockrt nofbleeces.- 10byar22.30g cos okcasivew, Lensesy Tandb oole wocows.dswt a Ra.soe,da couINtes tabes gridstne do, MayCbeOviewe the C. Jo n sso , acinee, valuowe-r, a n nd underake,3, Hannrch2s t 1et Grae HUEOLendEU.adEFEM;o~~im mall6ganyAra-i-an-c aud 'OZpE eseclvtbnig e ar beddin marble-top washstands and fittings, dressing tables, cheval and toLet glasses, a capital 8-feet winged wardrobe, chests of drawers, carpets, chairs, and the usual bedroom appendages, drawing room suite in wainut-tree wood, of couch, settee, indulgingand other chairncovered in green and gold Parisiandamnsak, pair of bandsome cabinets, cheffonler 'wth plato-glass back, centre and side tables, 61-otave cabinet piano m zrosewood case by Stoddart,Indian jars, anu ornamental items, velvet pile carpets and rags music stool, canterbury, what-iot, mahogany telescope diningtable openhi 12 feet, noble redestal sideboard, 12 chairs, Pair of easy chairs and couch covered iunmorocco leather, chimney glasses, engravings, bookcase, couch covered in hair, curtains. poles, fenders.fire-irons, &c. Maybeviewedion Saturday, the22d, and morning of sale, Catalogues may be had on the premises, and of the auctioneer, the Iodge, htting-hilL The pleasing residence to belet: rent£85. Brettonby, in the North Riding of Yorklhire.-Highly important Freehold Property, situate in the parishes of Barton and Manfield, inthe North Rding ofrthe county of York. AIESSRS. T. a-nd J. WETHERELL are instmneted to SELL by AUCTION, at the King's Head Inn, Darlington, in the county of Durham. on Monday, the 7th day of April, at 3 in the afternoon, subject to conditions to be theni read, all that beautiful and very valuable and FREEHOLD ESTATXE called Brettonby and Wath Hall, situate within five mites of the exoeUent market town of Dar. lington, and se-en of Richmond, and immediately adjoining the great bigh road leading from Catterick-bridge to Pierse-bndgo; comprising man,ion-house gardens, ornamental and finely wooded grounds, large flah pond (whic'h forms the reservoir for a water thrnshing machine and corn and bone mill). fedby one of the most noted trout streams in the north of E ngland, winding tbrough the estate from west to eat. The mansion, which is situate nearthe centreofthe estate, is well adapted for a capital family residence, surrounded by ornamental grounds and convenient paddocks. exceUent stabling, loose boxes, avith all neces,ary agricultural buildings. The estate contains SOds. 2r. 7p. or thtrxeabouts of rich a-able, mcadow, and pasture land, 170a. 3r. 33p., being old grass, of th -best feeding6 quality, 24a. 3r. 3p, woods, plantations, and water, and the remainder of w,hichis arable and first-rate turnip sell. It is ins high stateof cstivation,andhas withinthe last five years been tboroughiy drained. This property presentsgreat and unusual attractions, being vithin a ring fence, on a good climate, and in a beautifl pert of th-e country, near good markets, well roadod anui wvatered, and divded into convenient closes by good quick feuces. Tho estate also presents great attractions for the sportsman, having several thriving plantations thereon, which affordprotection to the game, with which it is well stocked, being surrounded by large estates strictly preserved: and, in addition to the exoellent shooting and fishing, it is sitiuate in the beat part of the Ilaby Hunt, a favourite covert being on the estate. It is also within an easy distance of the best meets of the Durham ounaty. Hurwovoth, and Sodale Hunts, A moiety of the corn tithes are merged in the freehold, and the remainder aro commuted. The parochial rates are remarkably low. The property may be viewel on aplicaion o Mesrs. avisn an Andeows, the tenlants, and printed partielas, withlithEhographic plans, and any further information maybe obtainedon application to Mtesrs. Clake and Ionce, solicitor, 29, Cole-et, London; or MedW Dobinson= ad Mitesife, sUcltsQRlcbmod,, ESSRS. FULLER ad'RHORSEY are instructedl Milto SELL by AUCTION, Oae Monday, Mjxch24, at 2 forbhalf-past 2 ipen isely, at the Castle Tavern, Mark-lane, on account of the underneles, ,19 barelsAMEICA1 FLUR,lying at Broken-wharf, Cr Tame-eteet nd hitn -warf Racliff-cross, ex Am3erican Eagl, Piestis. auiConeluaGrnnel. heulk bayhview atany Manufacturing i'euss xmr-tet ihSteaus-power. MIiESSRS. FULLRandl HORSEY are instruceted LIby the MortZgnee under a Power of Sale to SELL by AUCTEON, at tho AMart, on Thursday, Mlarch 27, at 12, spacious MTAN-UFACTUTRIN(.4 PREMISES, on the' Marquis of W1estmfinster`s Estate, occupying a eylarge ares, and situate George-street. Oxford-street, a short ditne frm Groevenur-squnre. The premises are sullAantally erected, and comprise a ligbt and lofty grousld flner factory, with slated roof. about 130 feet in length; a m anufactory of five flnors. next I corge-stceet,. with stuaccoed front;- and six brickc-built fiwelllng-lho,uce, Nos 5 to 10. George-street, Oxford-street. There is a well of excelleut ,water for manufacturing purposes. The whole held on lease for a termi of a;bout 1601 years at a rent of £350 per aninum ; and live of the dlwelling-houses ire let off at rents amounting to £230 per annum. leaving the portion in hand sabject only to the very low rent of £11200 per annum. The steami-engine of eight-horse power, the steam boiler, and the smitb's forges, will be included in the purchase. The premises are very desirable for a pianofforto maiufactory. fora manujfacturingsilve-r. tmit, cabinetmaker, eoaebbuilder, coach smith, engineer. or for aniy manufacturing business. To be viewed till the sale. Particulars may be had on the premises; of Messes. Hilleary. solicitors, 5, Fenchutrzhbuildinigs. Fenchurch-street ; at the Mart; and of Miesss. Puller and. Homey, Blilliter-street, city. Imoortaut Leasehold Investment, well secured. MESSR. EFULLER and1 HORSEY are instructed by the Mortgagee under a pwer of sale to SELL by AUCTION. at lthe 'dart, on Thursday, March 27, ut 12, a valuable LEA.SEHIOLD ESTATE,producing-a profit rental of-£150 peranunum. Theoproperty comprises a substa isaliy-creeted sugar-lhoase of eight flIoers, situat-e in Christian-street, St. Geor e'a east, in the centre of the miarket; a brik-bil lIerhoue f Maie, doors in the rear of the siugar-hous, with separate entrance from Elizabetls-street ; a lig'ht anid lofty engine-house, men's house of fouriloors, and a small yard ; also a dweliitg-house, 6, Christian-street, the ground floor of which is used us a sale room and office, and the uppe part assa dwellB forr the boiler. L-et onileace to. P. ILSchbrder, Me.. for aterm of S7i. years less 10 days from Miehaelmon, 1814 (deteinninable by the lessee at the end of 14 years or any seven ye-arc afterwards), subject to the rout of X873 17s. Gd per annum, and held on leases for a similar term, subject to ground route amounting to £23 17s. 6d. per annum-leaving a profit rental of £150 per annum. The premisesareoinsubstantialrepair,and mos,tdesirably situate for tle buindress. The rent pa'id by the lesoeL is imoderat, te pan beongngto im s o geatvale,andthe establishmnent Sel Secreas aFrUndE rent.Td ee bOS Y prerminssiouofthed teM `,by heArdines o f' whic (wihafprinted particuas may AUCION had, 1 dayspiordoe hesae, ofw na tesss Rauller Satind oneidy,13 Malltr-hstreea. PLrtienil erira ma alSo EHaLD ofesrs.Morris Stne, Tomewoe, pand Morr~ isie c, soliios Weig,loesultry, arcind oforsexate-st 6w reen.hmes houe plant. plULL iieR,cia and gs H 20SE arluesfbos instuce eluding Alison's Europe and othaer standard works, and other effectF, The furniiture includes a roscwood drawing roomi uite, GI- octav cabisetpiaofote,chffoier se eteningdinngtables pedestal sideboad, et inig romchars,libarytabe,two winged wardrobes-z mahoanyfou-pet ad Arbia besteds,marble-top washstand'. hsear Mile-end-gate-.& comnpact Feewhold E.stnte, eligible f or Invest- ment. iLR. MIOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the Ml Miart, on Thursday, April 10. at 12, in one lot, FOUR brickbuilt HOUSES. 7 to 10. Norfolk-street, opposite3 the Octagon, Carsbridge-road, each containing five and six rooms, sand garden; let at £01 per annum: Tendor paying rates- land-tax redeemed. I'articulara of Messes. Baddeley, solicitors, 48, fLcman-street, Goodman's-fields; at the Mart; and at the auctioneer's ofrices, Mile-end-road. Barbiesr-Freehold Fatate, producing £313 per annm iigoe for Mliddlesex. land-tax redeemed. 'ivnvoe 114b. 10 RE illSEL byAUCTION, at the IVIMat, onThursay, pril 0. at12,fin two lots, l6 briek-built HOUSE. al nealy ajoinng, ituae Sad 10, Golden-lane, 10 to 13, and 8 t 20 Brckle-ateet aui to7. mit's-our; let to cood payingtennts at£35 pe anum,venor ayigraes.All well drained. Mart; ad at th auctioeer's oficesul'try;-ed-rtae Commnercial-road.-Three new-built Residences, each a lot, for occupa- tion. AP . MOORE will SELL by AUCTION, at the lVJ~-, onThurday,Apri10, t 12 THRE mot ubtheBiantnsa anRomfoadentony builteigh-rwoomeod RE ottaEges, -with Gardens, desirabl sma ituae.os. L.0. andY,oAliion-tervoeso Commrctial-rcoad,y Limebous; let torespectaleotenansaat £4 per annum,ec,teat Burell Es.. olcitr. 0 cchucl-buldigs,ciy;att socthe rstanmCie Tavent imhu the Ma rt; and at the auctioneer' s offi ces,le ndlls-( aloaiml lPid- eacehofd Esaend adeoinin,gl g oe for t hed conty. R. TROR -vwi SELL byUTONa the M Arat, onThursday, April 10, at 12, TObikuftCT TAGSES, with front and back gardens, pesnl iut,l o--il I,andaseeofd Groum ndWadoiningt, souithablefor-building severalncttage meat's-~~ ~ ~~~lane.Lobr-tet teShpnnHaesre,nfGdn Lion, .WA LTRuor;PohBeruSe,aneadh prOVErtY;Agl arern- attheMrtead at the auetioner's offTicuners,oil-nd-raeasd.oSL OO EwlSELby AUCTION, at tbwys nWensa,Arl ,a. m essds pose oat, on thuntrsdaby, Aprilat 10.tract1,i thewel-otswO six-Roomed HOUe teSESuwthamfron Tandvekgrde ns Nos.t7amtnbudi8,Regenthpae, Glob te-road, letaat£19seach.nAlsola husdert the rEar,let Rdnr at£1 4 taerm5 yueas; biground rhent0 Amnedit 10it House mand larPiee pbof Grond suriciten footre ues. 1oprsn covrato ,tehonhre-straet eat,il ande £12 gooperninum, veneaybegvrates: termilyars;ha gound terentse £80; land-ta redeemed Particulars,9 CofMr. P-trentce, solicito-r,o2d8.Wi:te. chplra;aoteMr;ada the auctioneer's offCces, Mile-end LeseoldIxhd Tv andesWine-vaults, Seghouthmpon-uDdings Chance-bry- E I1SSPRS. WARLTERS and LOVEJOY are in- M strlicted by tbe Executors ofTJ. SaUneson deceased, to SELL b byAUCTION, at Garraway's, onWednesday, April 2, M at 2vnersustdispii3osd otm theintei byRpEHvat coTAVRac,Nh well-ImownCTA1EU mwith hoWia the godilFn ossesion Sheld-under ThempEarl ofndtadnor,ea aod ren ato eHonperanjonum.gTh situateien isavry commandin forthpo erte Tavsern hbousi hebin in they immedgratelvicintyofvmany laergjepubli andw ptrivatfote ocs.toprsd oIns onvesantwithds thatndaso it weill offer asgoo optenig Mrpsdnwlwcut.Iay be viewed. tmahdo the premises of h Messrns. PBrickuellsoictos,79d onnau.Ghtfftersacto,2 Edgewarsburoy;an atGraa';adof the auctioneers, 55, Chancery-lane. GodFeehaold Ivstment,in -the neigbouhoden-ofweml-br M SSRS. WARLTERS and LOVEJOY are in- sEtructed by the Executors of -. Wouis. deceased, to SELL by, AUCTION, at Garraway's, onWednesday. April 2, at 10, a verySubtsn knOwn athoU-E WilAm trheaordtfth, Shp-ard theMple-bnArm,an a Feetshold prlevate2 Houer adoningm itate in lCshair-court:anbothpoperties areorccuie bym res-tewtabie thenants, patirentspoduin £80 perng olann . silay othprpsdnwlwcosMabe viewred by leave. atctasb-o h rmss ot ther tean's.;atclr a of Mr.. Groveiths,q.solicitor, 214.alot-tre,Bckedfrdh-y atqGarrawy; and of the au ctioneeers 5. Chancery-lane. III sined b the xecutrs of- Youg, deepase,toSLLb AUTIN,atCn-wa's o edesay ArLL b,yAt CTIaOLASE town,let a £28per anum: nd aLeaseold rousetandshop, 51, Packstret, amdn-ton, o th ocupaton f )resYoung. SOila.' May b viewd by eave Partcular hadonth genpremises;fat Garrasquae; a d oftheauctonees, 8. Cancey-lne. a, n 3 admird viw, ad ner th entanet theparyk.d inn on tth at ealyoin telemontho Mray unesprmty eodb private17 neofthe in ha aio and vhe eary aigttrcie eieneSO OuSpe, adateo toal itouaemanimd efr etea's family,Th wimsh otic o an honni sekplate-glss,and widw, on oder esoraios Ther hus coneintakinshentranceublle , aI lra.adadnn room, on the enrnc uor;helegantdaing rooms ofRccupiongdh wh,l"role of teafirt door adnqd threntareeih bedl abes n hetw upperidotsom; elinwentore,homem Pard'sculorset,caines c h domesti omayes-a onMsistrof housekeeproer's andbWtldes's rooms,ugood Licoln'ara nn,vr slcionvenient kithe, sculie. larderandotherk oayfaices solcitr - at the pur a ch ase lIt.J iascopnhld autofn agichmn offices, 1iftgston. Surrey, and 49. Pall-mall. Eghaim-hill, Surrey.-A Freehold Residence and Grounds, in the beau- tiful vicinity of WVindsor Great Park-, Virginia-water, &-e.,with present access by railway from Statues, hut within a few minutes' valk of the Egham Station, intendled toebe opened before Ascot Races 1IF .JOHN DAWSON is instrueted by the Exe- iLt-u-torsoftbelateSt)issWatson,tOSE,LL.attheMsaionWedaesdy, April 2, the FREEHOILD ESTA!1'E, Melcents. consisting of an unusually desirable Residence and Grounds, withx commodfious coachhouses stabliag, eowyardl, and various other detached offices, wallIed garden, a gardener's house forming a conveniient entrance-lodge, surroundled by about 18 acres of suiperior meadowv laud, ito finely unduntoting formation, orniamental timber, and plantations giving le a parklike appearance, and commnaiding in every direction extensive and intere,sting scenery, including the Royal domain of Windsor Castle Great Park. and Forest; within an hour of London by the Windsor and Richmond Railway, audronly a few minutes' walk, from the Egluam Station, to he opened by Ascot Races. Also, in separate lots, some valuable afeadow and Wood Lands, situate at Thorpe Lee. Partirular. ithcoditon, ay e adat heWhteoHartHotel, Windsor; Caterie Wsed Egam;Bus Hoel.Stanes; Swan Inn, Chertsey; Semi-detached Cottage Residenre, Old Kent-road. R. AURRELL willi SELL by AUCTION, on iVTcdy pi ,a 2,agnelsm-eahdCOTTAGE, RESIENCE wih bak ad frnt ardes,rontaining drawing, dintog an brakfst oom. fur ed nd resingroams, kitchien. he., in To Speculative Pablicans and others-Hole in the Wall, Newcastle Taver and Ohephouse, 161, Fleet-street, for absolute Sale. WHITL wil ELLbyAUCTION on the caues onModay Mrch4.at .aheLEASE, Snrnture Fixtres andEffcts incs lt, f th abve.The house is licens4ed formad, nd tsfirt-atecetra psitonwarrants the presumption that uner pope maagemnt,an eceeingy prfitbletradle must be esurd. Laseupwads f 20yeas. My b vieed.Particulars Genuine Sale This Day.-Queen-slsreet, cityw doors fromNew Can- non-street.-An Assemblage cf elegat Hoshold Furniture, including a costly Walnut DawingRtoom Suite, ahandsomea solid Roeewood ditto, two brilliant-toned Fianos to superbly-carved easer, noble Fideboedwith a plate-glass back, Bagtelle Board, elegant China S!ervicess,Proof Prints, and Effects. Poetponedbyorderofthe Sheriffi 31[,R. LEWIS begs to announce he is instruicted to BL ELL by AUCTIONl, at the Room. 69. Queen-street, Cheapsilde, (where tho proverty is removed,) THISDAY, March 22 .nIH 1 punc- ta ,the sruperb EFFECTS, comprising the necessary appointments for using room and library in Spansdsh mahogany, o- superior workmanship, sets of chairs and lounges covered in mnorocoo, noble sot of telescope dining tables,bookcase, anelegant plate-glassback sideboard, handsome Brussels carpets, &o.; also two elegant suites for the drawing rooms in choice walnut and solidrosewood, with extrachintz covers, several brilliant-plato chimney-glasses, richly carved tables and cheffonies,wor-tbls, ir-scees,ric vlve plecarpets, two magnificent piaos,brore, pate arices,ho.ThehxoDrns include handsome cared raban edsead an hagins,noble winged -wardrobes, deube an sinle wslisonds chets o draers,carpets, toilet glasse_s, Surrey.-Valuable Freehold and Copyhiold Estates, at W%alton-on- Thamnes, Hfersham, and Epeom, jT .W. IBUTCHER has been favoured with inistrucILL tone from the Ex'ecutors of the late Air. 'Willam Collins to hELML by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, April 17, at 19. in lots, sev-eral eligible' PLOTS of extremely v-aluable BUILING GROUN2D. near the town 011Walton-on-Thames, adjoining the estates of Sir H.L Fletcher. in the immediate vicinity of Oatlands-park, with a considerable, frontage to the main road from 'Walton to Siliepperton ; also a comimanding Piece of Land, with extensive frontage to the river Thames, and opposite the towni of Sunbury. The following Properties to the Hfigh-street o1 Walton-the residence of the late Air. Collins; the busace pemies djinig,in he ccpatonof Mr. Dare, whitesmih; hedweiig.oeue ed akey.in hetenure of SIr. Allen; a tenmen ocupid b Carls Ions sad furcottages in the rear; Shpand extensive Premise,i b ihsre,i h cuaino Mr. C arlesMore plunuhrad Itr asweluthadong House. occuipied by Mlr. Chre Fe5i sabootanshem t;lo SiX Cottages, With extensive adn,staeo lyhl.i h ca xuate,sf Mser. Iake, Tilnr, kiner,andothr.Mybvoe Mr. Robinson's Horse and Carriage Repository. Little Britaln.-Aiaim portaut Yreehi,ld Concern in the city of London. of a highly re munerative character. M EI8RS. GADSDEN, WINTERFLOOD, An5 --L LIS have receisTed instructions from the Pr-oprietor.to SELI by AUCrION. at the Mart, on WVednesday. 16th of Anril, ISi6. at V oclock, thoz_- spacious anid conamanding PREMISES. in Little Brn tain, in w,hich for a greet number of years Mr. Robinson bas So suc. ct%ITuly pro secuted an extensive trade. The peculiarly central posi toofthe property in the heart of the cit-y of Londlon. its substan, tial sad c-nsv.exietly arranged construction. its pserfect stat e Of re, pair, thve large areaL occutpied, andl the imuportant and valuable can. mexion attac-hed to it, afford to an enterprising indifividual ot moderati capital, a certain opportunity of realisinga& forttune, whilst to the) capi~ tals n pcltra s r-mnnl eevn attention. Thsereai a cpitl rsidnce to dellngsforforme. andthe st--Sdirgs fci homs sd arrags ae uffcintlcpciosfrslpupncs.A small hay : nwel y crds,whih. ith artculat, ayle obtained al EtnieRauge of Stabling, Coach-hou.ses. Covered Sheds. Yard, and liwelling-bsuses, with frenta"c to St. John-street. Clerkenwell, well deserving the attention of &mnihu Companies. HaLy Salesmen, Ihvery Stab`ckeeperi. and others requiring space insa central position. ~SSRS. GAD)SDEN, WDNTERFLOOD, aud 1V ELnI` have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, nn Wednesday, April 16. at 12. tbe important LEASEHiOLD PREMTISES, in Sekfoede-street, facing St. Jobs-street. Theyl have recently b-en used by M1r. Robinson. ini conjunctionk with his 1tepositor,adfora a valuable auxilary therewith, huat should they not bt deemed equisite for that Purpose, present capacity seldomn to he met with in so eentral a situation. H1eld for an unexpired term of about W0years ata ground rent. May be iewed. Patiuarsmy be had of Messrs. RobinIson and Son, solicitors, 17, Orhcha'rd-stret POrtrn=r sxuae onteprmss at the Mart; and at 7Messrs. Gadsden, Witelnid, and Eilis'a offlces, 18. Old Broad-street. city. Higbaus-hill. Walthamstow Olaitashioned FamllyResidenc0-,pleasure Grounds, Gardens, and Patddock, standing on high ground, commanding mRost delightful viewvs over the riverLea and sunrrounding pioturesvque country. MEIfSSRS. GADSDENV, WINTERrFLOOD, anti --- ELLIS have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlare. on Wediaesday, April 16, at 12, the LEASE of this beautifully situate PRIOPERTY. about ij mile from the Tottenbisam Station. It comriss n od ashond ioue. onainngnumerous rooms, ample domstc flces ycdsthllg.an ot-bliins,wailed garden, and padock a prsen i had ad ossssin illbegiven. It is held at a goun ret o ri I, pr anumfora trmof about 20 years. Mlay be vewe bycars t heobtine atMesre.Gadsden, Winterftnoa, Sussex-ikquare.-The remaininig Furnitnaro of a gentleman removinmg. M SSRS. GAD)SDEN, WVINTERFLOOD, ancl ELShave received instructions to SELL by AUCTION. on the Premises, Sussex-square. ont Wednesday. April 2, at 122, the capitol HOUSEHOLD FUIlleITUJRE. comnprising. large wingedwardrobe and bed chamber appendages, drawing room smte inwhite and gold, covered in crimson satin, roacwood chairs covered en suite, noble chim-ey and Pier glasses and Pier tables, cat-glas- chandeliers, dining room fernsture. Brussels and other carpets, fenders and fre-irons. a few kitehen requisites, and other effects. Mtay he viewed the day previouasly and mnorning of sale. c'Iatalogues may be had of Messrs.Gadsden,Winterflood,. and Ellis, 18. Old Broad-street. city. Lee. Kent, nea-r the Blackheath and Lewisham tailway Stations.-A. valuable Freehold Estate of upwards of 10 acres, eminently adapted for building purposes, witha aspacious and substautial FamilyResideuice and Out-buildings, and two genteel detached Cottage R-esidencesz; also (lot 2). contiguous to t-he above, capTital House and Premises, known an the Mfanor SchoaL, 'pSSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) have re- Twceived instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at rarraw-ay's, on WednesEday April 23, at 12. a valuable FREEHOLD ESTATER delightfullly ei~te. at Lee. within a fewminutee walk of the Blackheath anRdLewishamStations,.and within half anhour'sjourneyof London; comprising a thoroughly substantiall and commodious detached famfly residence,. formerly in the occupation of the late Joseph SIaden, Esq.. 'witbcoa-h-bouses.eight-stallstabling,and othercapitalontoffices.w-aled kitchen gardens, conservatory, vinery, lawn, and well-timbered pleasure grounsd, and paddock, and two genteel well-tenanted dTetached cottage residences, the site of the whole comprising upwards of 10 acres gently sloping to the high road, and presenting mnost valuable frontages of upwards of 1.O0 feet, the estate being singulaly well adapted, and at once available, forbnuiding purposes,. This property will be offered for sae in one lot, presenting a most advantageous and specsalativ-e investmnent. Lot 2 vill comprise the capital Freehold House and Premises. now occupied an an edlucational estabilabment, and known as the Manor S5chool. with its cost-offies, garden, and playground. I'articulars andI plans muay be obtained of St. Barbe Slaen, Esq, solicitor, l4. Parliament-street; at Garraway's: and of Messrs Green, eottet agents and auctioneers, 28, Old Bond-street. 'Uckdfeld, Sussex, about S miles from Iewee, 10 from Hayward`-heatla and nearV- midwray between Brighten and Tonbridge-wells.-A 'taapl Family Mfansion, and G8 acres of exceedinglyrichs Land, freehod andland-tax redeemed. _I~,ESSRS. GREEN (2S, Oldl Bond-street) have re- ~LLceived instructions from the Ploprieter to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on W ednesday, May 7, at I2, the valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, known as Uckfield House. a thoroughly substantial modes,s built mansion, adlapted for amodemate-sized family, beautif oiy situate, close to the town of Uckfleld, in an elevated but well sheltered position, and commianding fine views of the higbly picturesque scenery of the surrunding country, standing in the miidst of its pleasure prounds and gardens, with productive orchard, and surrounded by about 68 acres of park-like lanid, some of the best in the county, bounded byte estate& of the late Lordliverpool ; with capital stabling and out-oflices, and all necessary farm-buildings-the whole forming a most perfect and desirbleproery, ligbl alke orinvstmntor occupation. The runi- Nrts' bedroos, avthndfu caitlesdom hestcofcs coah .-house bo fo Freeholdl lanorial Estate, with stone-built Mansion, Plantations, and Grounds, andI 535 acres of rich Axable andI Pasture in a ring fence, with Entrance Lodge, Farm-house, Homestead, and Cottages. 1IrSSRS. GREEN (28, Oldl Bond-street,) have reiYLceived instructions to SELL by A-UCTIO N, at Gairraway's, on Wednesday, June 4, at 12. (unless in the mneantime disposed o;f), the valuable MANORIIAL ESTATE (freehold, and land-tax redesmedj) of 3Blunaden St. Andrew, pleasantly situate within three miles of the Swindoni Station.. and about four miles from the market towns of Swindon. Cricklade. and Highworth, comprisinz the capital family residence kmnon as Blunsden House, approached by an entrance lodge. and delightfitlly placed on the southern elope of Blunsden-hill, corn. manding extensive and varied viewrs, with the manor farm-house, suitable homestead, and cottages, and the mnanor and hiome farms, thEr whole comprising 515 acres of rich arabie and pasture land, in a rira fence surrounded by excellent roads, and producing a rental of about £S60e per annum, besides the mansion, offices, gardens, and plantations, which are in hand. This property offers acapital investment, and prevents beeides nasny attractions for residence, esqpecially to a Sportsman, being situated in the centre of the V. W.1H. Hunt, and within easy reachioft~heDulkeofBeaufort'sandtheBerk,ioehou)ds.andofthep)r.n cipal station on the Great Westemn Railway. The buildings are all in2 goo reair th lndsin xcelet cltiatin.under the occupation at a hihlyresectbleandresonsbletennt,and the miansion is in. evey ay datedfo te rsienc o a outygentleman. Particular ma heobaind a 6arrwaya -f esss.Muilinga, D)aubeny, andE Chub, oliitos, ireceser;andof esss.Green, estate agents and To Contracors Farmers, and otbers.-Sixteenvaluable young flrimgihs; and Nag Horses. IJOW baa received instructions to SELL by AUCTOW N,wUSL yA CI on the Prem-e,Kn-os am eknaa Ken, s,onnTue usday, March2,a 27 'cl1c, byl order ofthe ProprIeIor STComriin cmrsinemyough aond activefo draugbthtre, andsm hit for Boroug-h;llanSdeofheauc,Retine,UprSdh, and Bigwr,Mdlsx-aurn ahl lee, K eat,d ndCoyolEsats Aluabl LiVEaNd Dead rmcingedticn-Bructiosh farm, Lhee Kent. 3 R.torE willerfo SAEL by AUCT IOX N on the Mar ro. i ase, nhusd ay, Mceparch 27,fat is, alletheusly adaej thFtAlRMde SNTOC,compisin EigTAyoun activ doraugtthrse, abotfv handsomwal eoigh griniaylmard e,iordabryuhaa ae faost browdnghrs, ditto,an brakhorse, aooyearlige colt. sevuenmllb and icalf owes,i capital, extggnS,T pleare and sa ats,e patdentarend-ohepousea, dragh-andsseed htarrows, texellen comarigonrlereapinge aindelsyaewsing mahies.utyo laenstac cnlothmno couchdesbl frnointge machinoues, andgab variectyeo onther befutfects,iaye. Alewed thelda prectedikngohesae and eill-ogsees bAd at te Ins inthe eighourhod; heaHrse ShedBrov,ugh; and of theaucioner Uper ydnha, ad urn As, elevto, Kent,omri Foret-bll,Sydnha, Ket, nd dl,ewae,libray, ed rooms uab Frehol an Coyhodsaten MessrsJ.OWAEN bits receive inst tosfo the Premss o- ih-tet Shoreietrh t offe fody ac 21 t1or S12.Ebby UCTIOr,oa the Mat,erly-e th pring.rs (unessvangacpal,fe speiosymd,h rl e siralereEHOininEStAockat ores-dll aout Toyv, minutes wacl fro th station; comprisng va,andcommodious famlyo resnidencfe,eit eig htprincials andseonarybed rOoms drawing, dining,aned bredak-o fastroms Ca-largesofball,goodncersWs, ind allomstieetFices,bextesiuaepl Veasre adktcern garitrdens,ugreenhue aoa-ort, rusetandesTablng; thewCholercommandisgone ofChies finestaviewsinSth oanty3 of Kent.e bt eautfu ste Aloffa CopyhoeCnldEs-tates, known FasmH,S-honse. Edge byrordeeaofnthysitecteorandapproachedaby acariaed.iesrone wihpesregons TheER house wislo netELevatinad ci omprise largedrawing ande dUining rooms morning room, dabary-, bedroom ham pr oporton car,occasona,an s nytablco-ose, largnetswaied glarden,land liacres ofirinch mandowirlansseForpardeticulasndebcards~ stsof viewppl tatbth bofcse ofth auctioneer,blUppBrmssesdTenh tsndorBugntAshrarma TonTo arndhModseratorLamp Dealers, bFixureByes wardrobe,therstsof MwessrasimJ - BaKE, adresOi , o thbezia Prlmses, and, High-streeul Seowairdson tonday,Marchl2, nat Chnford1, bysorerx f hPo prIeos,DemLva-ang,.-q Ehverciedisr tiHE reminn teAsg estoki Trad fch aaToyst,hous aML b shCTOp,fixthure,t rsprigvan, and Weffecs;ay alsoh quantit foofsee and,atllobeads dayondhmarbems.eOn vew.rdtobeMcle,ardthedaylof sable. Caaousoh acines idil-tetDisuY-EuR a.a On TOCK inde FuRAiDiE squar PiaNTofore a aruCtriTTale aDRChaiRs, handsomen cylinesicalperiantings mtcounc- dessofgPlato hinTea, aindiCoffe Siervices,sCndlmesticks, crunet rs, drspoons, rec. by; orer ofathe Exetng3cuternof geintlema,ldceasexd.alcetatr Gma Malbooug-sree, o Moday Mrsh28,at 1rouhiro12 and Fenchbedseadswithhangngs,beddng,rw ardrbs chestson,ic ewardlayoeMll,na ahnfod EatoySex. , n h The Friars, Aylesford, near Maidstone, Kent. . TOOTELL isdirected bythe representatives of the late C. Whatman, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, upon tho Premises, on Tuesday Wednesday, riday, and Saturday. March 25. 28,28, and 29, at 11 for 12 each day, the FUNITIUIREand FIT3EMTS of dining and drawing rooms, the lhbrary, study. 14 bed rooms, nurserJ and dressbig rooms, lInen, an 8-day Parisian clock mounted in or-moulm and marble, 25 oil paintings, 400 vols, of books, vases, jugs, and ornaments in Drerden, old Derby, old Chelsea. and oriental china, Wedge' wood urns, models in Glustiani ware, china dinner dessert. ten anl breakfast servicrs, cut glass, sliver plate, plated goods, wine, several mxcellent guns by eminent makers, fishing tackle, a family travelling baro.ch, DA, a first-rate shootinl pony, a half-bred bloodhoSndb andmiscelneoUs articles, On viewuthe Satorday and Mondaysprecede rngtho sale Catdlogues, Sd. each,toPebent rtuncedIto it uandhhc, fhadr atenth ManprtLondon;i Crowns, Requalerad tht ofnbny Sun,r Chat-e ham; Swan MosaIling; Ball, Cranbrook; and of the auctioneer, Maidscone. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ upro cntueino The Staiford, first-class Publie-hoaso and 'Tine and Sirit Estabicshmuent. Hlarrow.road, Paddington, ?diotiinn to the ItOilWay-bridge. WVesthen ,e-park Term d s7year llent05all. il-R. DANIEL CROSIN is instructed to SELm by to SAOCTIONl at GaN-atasOs, on ThursdaY. March27.at12.the very valuabcl,eEASE and GOODWIL inTR DE of theoabov truly excellnt HiOUSE.r hichat all times must commandbatleast a trade of the great m nitude which is atpresent attached to it. and wlhich, for eri ent and profits, is scarcely equalled by that of any other hoase woithin a consideible distonc. The thoroughr ae, the densely crotded neighbourhood, the absence of any effectiv caompetition or the prosPect of any, the recmarkably isisforta,ble and superior construction of thepremisesare al feature.ein an estimateof theavaluetofthis lresrt lrhic are sugested vrith u cit conidence. Thc house maytbe viewrett one week before he day of sale, and particularsomay be procusedthenldso at Gauana's ; of ess lctors.eon, E ans. and Neuld on. solisito.n lWardrobololace, Doctor acomms nsg ; ndof theauctioneer,i42, Bloomsbluvy-sqisare. MCapital F?ree Roadside Imr.-Tottculsam. R11. m. S. H3NdN ,S is directed by G sMr. TeBr plernat 1P|to SE3LL. by AUCTION, at Garrawvay's, on 310nday, Mlarch 31, ntl2 (ulelss previosalr soldl, the LaeSE and GOODWiILL of that W'el-know, n SHIP llt, on the High-road, Tot tenh , The poition of this property for doing- a larlge respectable trade is undeniable, it being located in the centre of the town, wvithin 10 minutes' walk of the railwaey station, anud is noted as the old wvatering homle for all tho coaches a7nd omnlibuses on the rod, anld where isaue are st.arting trout every quarter-hour. The plremiseJs are in capital repair; the .stabling, coach-houses, and out-officeS possesls every accommodation, there is a large garden, fruist trees, &o, Hlled on lease for 17 years, at,i tho net rent of ,£70. Can be yiewsed Partieulars on theplremiscs; also of Mcasni, Diaartineau and 7Reid solicitors, 2, Raymond-bulildings, Gray's-inn: Blells. itomtocd; Rted Lion, W'hitechiape1: GrapBes, Borough; . almis. and Bali, Betinsua-green-read;- 8hades, Towver-bill; and of the anntioneer, S2, Chiswell-street,a
