DEATHS. On the 23t of Dember. at Itateapoora, Ceylon, Samuel James Butcher, En,, in the 34th ye. of bis ma. On the 31st of Deeember, 154 at Gougo Soco, MinAg Gers, Brazil, Mr. William Hitchens, Cashier, ana one of the Mnembers of the Coanmittee of Maagemnen of thelmperial Brazilian MiningArsoclation. Onfory. th 4th,ust.,at Craven House, Wakefield, John Naleor, 3rq., agne 3. On the 10th inst m nI nn, iafant daughter of Mr. Irenry Cet. Avu, ag 6 ouiths, On the loth inst, at Southampton. Jcan Calder, wife of William On Monday, the Uth inst.. at her .,esidence, Biomfleld-terrace, Prad. dinton. Elir. the last. mursiviuz daughter of thUe late Terence MeMahen.EqE of tha Islandl of hr. Chitopher's On the l3th Ins . at 7, Wlmpole-streetC Casvendish-q . }Elizabetk widow of Adam Askew, Th.. late oC rsedibeugh, in the county oi Durham, aged 7S. Onthol3thinst,atMorayLodgV, Campaen-hlll 1s,bel Catharine, the Infant daughterof Captain Lkhart. VaiLnt, On*the 14th lut., Thomas SktelesWright, Esq. solicitor,of Lincoln'sinn-fieldg, aged 67. On the 14:hi t,. at her resilenco, LeCbalet. Torqsy,. HarrictAnne, ioungert daughter ot the late Harriot Stewar, ot Watatord, Herts, in ber 71styear. On the 14th liist, at B1trton-strect, Westminster. Mr. ret Shotten, in the 70th yearof her age, much rspected by many of the W.stanaxter scholas for the lat 30 year. On the 14th lnst., at her residence, 14, AmherstVillas, Hiekney DowMn, Elizabeth. relct of the late Davfd Thomas, of Bethnal-grecnzoad, and last murriving daughtLr of the l3tcAlexander Wade. On Thurldy. the 14th [not. of lingering consumption, in her 39th year, felicent Mary. the wife of George Berrer. E;q., of Bottlughampark, and daughter of Samuel Newham, l;q.. of the same place. On the 14th nst., at2,, Gloceter-street, Pimlico.of whooping cough Ada Harriet Editbh the infant daughter of W. 0. Currie, Esq., age 11 months and 13 days. On the I4th inot, at his residence, 9, Bemont. Bath. after fire days' Illness, borne with meek oubmisadon to his Heavenly Master's will, Med i2, the Reo. John Eat, rectorof St Michael's pariLh, Bath, of whilch he had been the dgeoted minister during 23 years. On Friday. the Xh lnst, at the London Orphan Asylum. Clapton, aged 2 year Henry Donne, the beovedi snonly survvinlghld of the tev.. Hen sttie, LA., Chaplain andH t MeaNster. On the I5th i05t., at AllIngton, SotiUt Stonehanm, Hfaute, Edward Twyuam. Eeq., aged 55, hWhly tespectea and tsteemed by all who knLw hinm. Ovn riday. the 15th ina,. at[er a short illne, deeply lamented, Mis3 Burhatt, o Ceswdl YUdg, Old Brompton. On the 15th inft., MLizabeth, wife of SamL Thos. Keeno, 40, Southstreet. Manchester-square, soungest and lmt surviving daughterof the Iate Mr. S. ilipperson. of Hampton Court, Middlesex. On the 1lth inst.. of bronduhitI saed 56 r. r Fanny Kennedy. the afecttionate wife of Mr. Jno. X, Kennedy, xo. I, Bdgrave-terrace, Pimlico. On the 15th inst,, at his rcsidence, Gadlnor House, Hampsteal, Jonathan Pthllips, aq., of Oxford-stret, and New Bond-street, -aged 6, On the 15th inst.,at the residence of his father, Walnut Bank, near lancaster, Wllanm Henry BLtkin, surgeon, in the 26th yeaof hiss age. On the 15th inst.. at his residence, Fark-walk, West Brompton, William Fedserick M1ill4 agd-iT. On the l6th inst., of bronchitis, Harcourt Webster, the yoengest son ef !r, Fobert oll, of 37, York-place, Portman-square. aged 4 years,
I!foAJf ABRKST and CITY INTE NI CB. Saturday Evening. TThe English funds to-day have shown comparative steadiness, and there has been a slight tendency to recovery. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 90 to J, were first quoted co° to a; they then declined to9, but again improved, until there 'were b\lyer at t'O- At the close there were sellers at that price, wihile for the account the quot-4,,V was O to .4. The quieter tone of butve -now attributable to the general impreEsiOi t'n;,t is -new loan ill be of moderate an1O1mt and t~iat the~ raising of such funther sums >-d may tthuTired will be deferred until a period of less pue in the I mcney-market. Bank r left bt 213 to 215h Reduced, 901 to ;ew Three pr Cents., 911 s j; Long Annuties, ; n,ities, 18 . 11-16; lndia Sto-J, 224 to 222; Exchequer-bonds 97; to 98; lu iia-bonds, vs. bo 3s. discount; and Exchequer-bilus, bs. discount to par. There wr few r h ansactics in foreign eecurities, 'but prices were on the ;average fairly supported. In '1TUTsh Six per Cents, the bargains were at 931 for morney, and 92a to *3k for the account. The Fo 'per Cent. guaramteed Stock was negotiated at M9--and100. The genieral business comprised-Gre'Mmla Deferred, 6i 3 lRussian Five per Cents., 1051X lSpanish New- De&rred, for account, 23a and ZS'assive, 61i; and IDutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64 and 04i. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bolrse this eveningwereT3f. 30c. for money, arid 73f. 95c. for the end of the month, showing an almost complete recovery from the decline caused yesterday by the fall on this side. Therailay meetings of the week have included two of the principal companies-viz., the Great Western -a-nd South-Western. The report of the Great Wlestern Company lias been adopted, and the dividendat the rate of 2-v per cent. per annum has been ceanErmed. The ex.amination of affairs, it is stated, shows the property to be in a more favourable position than was anticipated; but some of the ahareboldern continue 'dissatisfied with the management. At the conclusion of the proceedings the dictors were authorized to raise money on the remainder of the new stock, either by instalments oradvances, for the purpose of fini-shing works. The dividends of the North-Eastern Company are proposed to be in the following proportions-viz., at the rate of 4J per cent. p er annum on Berwick shares .and stock, and 34 per cent. per annum on the York shares and stock, leaving the respective balances of 5,3771. and 1,3461. The available :mount from the Leeds revenue is 56,7271., and the directors recommnend a dividend at the rate -of 6 per cent, on the preference quarters and the extensions, and 5percent, onthe first issue and 3& per-cent. on the second issue of the preference fifth shares. After setting apart the necessary sum for-arrears-of interest abalance remains of 8,4691. The dividend of the South-Vestern Railway, at the xate of -51. 12s. Gd. per cent. per annum, has been lagreed to, and the report carried. The principal topics-discused were the increase of traffic and the improFved prospects of revenue. AAccording to the accounts of the Blackwall Railway, the dividend will be at the rate of 3s. 6d.-per share, leaving a small balance to be carried forward. The directors of the Lancashire and Yorkshire Company have proposed a dividend at the rate of 4i per cent. per annum. The financial statement of the 31idland Railway shows a dividend at the rate of 31 per cent. per annum on the consolidated stock, of 2g per cent. on theBirmingham and Derby, at the usual rate on the preference shares, at the rate of 4 per cent. on the Leicester and lIitebin preference stock, and also on the 5!. shares, leaving a balance of 33,8021. The orks of the Bradford, WVakefield, and Leeds Company are progressing favourably, and the line, it is believed, -wilrbe completed withinthe estimate. The liabilities of the Cork and Bandon Railway have at length been clearly ascertained, the disputed claim of the contractors having been decided by arbitration. As they are in the aggregate extremely heavy, the shareholders, it is said, will be prejudiced unless they subscribe for the new stock, the claims of some of the creditors being urgent and requiring almost immediate arrangement. The directors of theMonklandCompanyrecommended a dividend at the rate of ,% per cent. on the consolidated stock. At the meetOi D t- Go P1----6-y anra f-d vL Rilway the report was adopted, and a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. has been declared. The report of the Eastern Steam Navigation Company, issued preparatory to their meeting on Tuesday, states that the failure of Mr. Scott Russell will be a cause of some delay and some increased cost in the completion of their vessel, but they hope she -will be launched in August next. It is stil contemplated, in the first instance, to make trial tripe between this country and America, and an arrangement is likely to be entered into for selecting 1'ortland, in laine, as the United States' port, since the Canadian traffic may thus be secured. The amount of capital at present called up is 131. per share, making a total of 508,2741., buit only 358,9631. has been received, calls remaining unpaid for 149,3101. The specie receipts of the week have been nearly limited to the total of 569,0001., announced to-day by-the West India steamer, and which consists of 506,0001. silver and 63,0(01. gold. The exports are estimated at about 200,000l., of which 100,0001. was on account of the Turkish Loan. Large arrivals of specie are known to be on their way to this country. The James Baines, from MIelbourne, which is expected to bring 400,000L or 500,0001., is overdue, since, supposing she sailed at her appointed time-the 2ath of November-she has now been 83 days out. A ccordingz to the last advices from Panama, Her MIajesty's ship Brisk was en rote -for Englandwith 360,000l. The letters from New York lead to the belief that some moderate amounts will, probably, in future arrive thence by each packet, 'While at Alexandria the rate of exchange has taken a turn which will suspend the transmission of gold from this country-to Egypt. At all the continental -cities likewise the exchanges have a finn appear-ance. On the other hand, remittances at the rate ,of at least 100,0O0W. a-week are expected to be made -to Constantinople during a considerable period on ,account of the Turk;ish Loan, and until peace be ;absolutely concluded the demands for the British {Commissariat rill-still continue heavy. The subjoined conmunication details certain circumstances connect-ad with a disputed insurance claim between somne members of Lloyd's and the 2Tew'York, Newfound41and, and London Telegraph Comnpany, the agent-of which is about to return from 2London to New York, after having been unzble to effcct a settlemast. As the statement is at _preseat- ea pa)xe, it is inrered withont remark ; but She ofer ed the company to refer the claim to arbidrationlhaving been rejected, the underwriters must expect a vary unequivocal expression of public opinion if..they fail ultimately-to establish a justification of their course. Meanwhile it is to be assamed that they conceive themselves to have a defenee -such ;.s wilU satisfyevery requirement not ?onlylin law but oequity - "Te L7ew York-, Newfoundland, aind London Telegraph Company, charter-s by the Government of Newfomndlaad to corstct telegraph lines across that island and to connect it with the nemg.hbourn; contiaent, codered in London a submarine cable -of 2Z4 yies in lengtis, gcontaining three conductiing 9i-eS, a4a AhipFed it to PortHau-Basque, Newfoundland, by the bark S9arah - L. Bryant, which was there to be taken m tow by a zLearner for the purpose of subnergiqg tke cable without transshipment. On this cable sn insurance was edFetedoeta the 15th of Zvnc, 1855, at lloyd's, at 4 guineas per,c"t&., ft being the highest rate eharged on such s¢hipments ?y sailing vessels. The words i: this part of the po'icy a;re -' FiPteten tousand pounds sterling on an electric cable. TLe case to be Lmai down between N'ewfoundlaLnd and Breton 351and. Nova&fiotia; oil risis incurred by the ioyizag docm ,f the cable to be borne by the untderwrriters.'__ The Sarah I. Bryant sailed on the 29th of June, .sUd experienced a tempestuous voyage, arrivinLg at Fort-auBasque only on the 16th of August where two Eteamers engaged by our company had previously arrived to assist in submerging the cable. By t bis delay fully three weeks were lost of the,most favourable s. awo for eperations. As soon afterwvards as the machinery t, "r pLy-_ ing out could be put in order and the weather would P'- nut, the laying down of the cable commenced and was 'ontinned w;ith success until about 44 miles had been sci'bmerged, when a storm arose which finaUv compelled th e captain of the bark, in spite of every dxertion, to cut the cable in order.to save the vessel the bslance of the cable, and the lives of those on board. The bark was then towed I by one of the steamers to Sydney, Cape Breton, the nearest available prort, where the remainder of the cable was landed. This unfortmuate result rendered the cable utterly useless, as it is well bIlown that it is impossible to raise a cable-- from beneath a depth of water exceeding 200 fathoms, when once embedded in sand (which very speedily takes1 place ater being iubmerged). The portion landed would$ also be so iable to damage from- the neccssary trans-ship3zents that there wouldl bei great risk of failure in attempt. ing to make use of it. The company was, tharerore, -relue. tantl dtaab.ndn boh,sicioncof the cable (which postponed the completion of the communication last year) and instructed their agents, Messrs. George Peabody and 6,., to apply to the underwriters for the insurnce. "In consequence p£ ty9 ey;sivg rnanner, howt-scr, in which they iaet this applit;ai109, , as one of the directors, and en behalf of our comin,v O&me to England to obtaina payment of the policy. *i'tkur agents, I aso met with avasion from the un)rriters-& prinipal one actually leelining an interf,ews with me, and another giving the in- ",niat there was no loss, the cable ,eing at the Fore *om se sea,just where you wishtoputit- x wasthereore _gtd to akskMessrsFreshfleld (our leg-^?advisers) toput t e ..<l^ts in com;nunicatiOn with the l;Iyer of the under- ters mad offer to settle the matter, ether by reference to tWytation or according to any 9Thc of the folowing propo 'dtions:-'1 The underuritog eo lay down a erfect ca¶ae between Cape Ray Cove, 7 eswfoundland, and eape Breton, by the tlst of Juluy andlcakethe salvage, using as much as toer tan of the cA cable, and garanteeing a perfect line of tlte insulated wires; or 2, the underwriters to pay a total loss, and the assured will, without any charge for com- mission, give the underwriters the benefit of their assistance l in doing what can be done to recover and dispose of the cable; or 3, the underwriters to pay a total loss on 44 miles of cable actually lost, and the assured to take the rmining 30 miles of cable as it lies at Sydney at a valuation, in asertaining which all the circumstances are tohe taken into consideration; or 4, the underwriters to pay a total loss on 44 miles. the assured to order that length and sendit out, and theunderuriterstopay all expenses attendant upon the sending out, joinings, repairing, and laying dow,n the cable (if feasible), including all risk of failnre and consequent necessity of supplying, joining, and laying down a perfect cable ' " After several postponements in giving a promised answrer these propontions were declned. As rwe considered that the assured had been trilled with, I requested the iessrs. Frefibded to inform the lawyer of the underwriters that they would commence legal proceedings at once, but still bo open to an amicable arrangement. After this an ouportunity occurred. in ordering a new cable, to dispose of the sections of old cable, which, under all the circumnstances, would have been favourable to the untderwriters, and of w,hichl we informed their attorney, but who (on behalf of his clients) declined availing himself of the opportunity, and adddta ' theywrere advised that the assured's duty was to join that part of the cable alresdy laid down to the part saved, and t,hus complete the line.' YVe then informed them that this was wrholly impracticable, and that, as every means had been used to assust the underwriters in decreasing their loss, there was nowr no course open to the.asued, without seriously injuring their undertaking, hut to order an entire new cable, which I have done. "'I am now, therefore, compelled, after over four months' dedayand every possible effort to obtain an amicable arrangement, and at much expense and personal inconvenience, to resort to legal proceedings to enforce payment of the insuzance. " The law waill, of course, afford us final redress;* but it appear.sto methat in the p reseat instance,, when parties needlessly and unwvarrantably resist a just rYttlement of an insurance, they are doing a great injury to commercial interconrse, which necessarily depends so greatly upon good faith, and doing also much to create an impression that an insurance against all risk at I.loyd's may insure a lawsuit. " I have thle honour to be, Sir, wsith respect, " Your ohedlient servant, "CYRUS Wf. FIELD.' " Morley's Hotel, London, Feb. 4." Accounts from Panama again illustrate the superiority of that route for commnunication with AustraBa, MIelourne papers having been received there lo the 2Gth of Novem ber, being a week later than those broulght to England by the Shalimnar. The supply of gold apparently continued to increitse, the price havingt declined 6d. per ounce. On the previous day the bank;s had fixed their rate of exchange at Par. In the WVest India intelligence, published to-day, it is stated that " considerable excitement existed at Trinidad in consequence of the discovery of several successful forgeries on the branch of the Colonial Bank, to the extent of several thouand pounds " This is erroneous as regards. amount, the total being only 2,0201. In the weekldy report of the colonial produce markets, yesterday, there was a typog,raphical error, stating a fall of 2s. per gallon in rum instead of 2a. per gallon. The Committee of South American Bondholders have received to-day a further remittance of 2,0151. 18s. 10d. on account of the Ecuatorian dividends. The follow;ing note relates to the position of the Southwark Sas-inga'"Borough, Feb. 16. "MAay I be permitted, through your columns, to call the attention of the Chancellor of the Excchequer to the (as I verily believe) uncaled for panic w;hich has arisen, and now to some extent exsists, as to the Southwrark SavnDgs Bank ? From some, at p resent unexplained, cause a feeling has been excited in the minds of a great number of the investors as to the bank-, and the result has been that a very large amnount of deposits has been vwithdrawn. " The managers, to counteract this feeling, liublished an extract from their last audit, showing the financial condition of the bank in Nsovember last; but this exetract states that the treasurer then had a very large sum of money in his hands. The fact howvever, is, that no such officer as treasulrer is recognzed by the rules of the bank, and moreover the gcnthmn in question could not by possibility have any money in his hands, as all deposits are p aId into the banlk in the names of the trustees, and all checks upon the bank must be signed by two of the trustees. ";In order to restore the deservedly full confidence to the bank, I wsould take leave to suggest that the Chancellor of the Exchequer should send downu some person to auldit and exzamine into the accounts and publish an official report as to the same. " I am, &:c., "'A RETIRE MAAER)' The annexed informnation wvith rega3rd to the progross of English mininDg adventure is condensed from the MJKininlgJournal'l:- "nThe mining-market opened this week very heavily, and a considerable declne in prices took place in several shares rhich wret offered, the fahl in each case being without any apsaeut cause excepting a preponderance of sellers. At dehealsSeton meeting the accountashowed a balance to next account of 1,4997.;* adividend of 4?. par share wXas declared. At West Whoal Seton meeting t the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 2,079?. a dividend of 67. per share was declared. At Fowoey Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance of 5,1G76.; a dividend of 37. Peor share was declared, leaving baLance to ne xt acconlt 3,694g At Tincroft meeting a dividendof 6s. per share wvas declared. At Exmouth and Adams UJnited meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 2,8517. a dividend of 3s. per share was declared. At Great Treguno Consols meeting the iaccounts showeed a balance in favour of the mine of 403?. At Grambler and St. inbyn meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 657r.; a call of 3?. per share wlas made. At Leeds and St. Aubyn meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 83?.; a cal of 1?. per share awas made. At Fend-an-dren Unitedmoeting the accounts showved a balance in hand of 5757o At bheal render mwet the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 1s6?- a call of 6s. per share was made. At Treloieth Copper meeting the accounts showsed adebtor balance of 69?. At Nimorth Tamar lBeerforris) meeting the statement of accounts showed a balance against the mine of 1,500?. ,n a call of 30s. per share wams made. At Pembroke and East Crinnis meeting the accounts show.ed a credit balance of 330. twvo cals of Td per share each were made to pay off liabinities and further preseente the mines. At Wheal Polmear meeting the accounts showved a small balance;- a call of 5Qs. per share wtas made. at East Fowrey Consols meeting the accounts showed an adverse balance; a cal of 5s. per share was made. At Tretoil meetWig the accounts showed some arrears of calls. At Silver Brook meeting ite accounts showaed a balance in favour of the mite of 971. At sWest Sortridge meeting the accounts showed abalance in favour of the mine of 17?.; a caUl of Gd. per share was made. At Altgoed ConsoLs meeting the accounts showed a balance against the company of 44?. at ,;ilbricken meeting it was announced that the committee had disposed of the mine and plant for 82t5., of which 600?. ;as to be paid in cash, and the balance in bils. At Camborne Consols meeting the accounts showed abaLanco against the nine of 520. a call of ?t. per share fas made. At North Tamar (Lezant) veetng the accounts showyed a balance against the mine of 42,055.; acaof 2s. Gd. porshare a as made. At the Britishand Colonial Smelting and Reduction Company meeting the accounts showed ahbalance of liabilities over assets of 1,086?;1. a resolution was passed for tatkig measures to wind up the comphanyforthwvith." itly regard to foreign rning adventure thFere is nothing, worthy of extract. le Emino ation Cohamissioners have advertised for a vessel to curr emigrants to Adelaide, to be ready for passengers between the 31st of March and the ath of April, as may be hereafter deteroined.
I - COMMERCZIAL NTEZLIGENCE. I ! FE 1n The demand for cotton to-day h As been good, and the sales amount to fully 0S0 bale-3t000 on speculation and for exDort Prices femly maintained. LIVERwOOL WOOL-AIIgET, FEmL 16. All kinds of foreign wool continue in good demand at very fdm prices, and with a tendency to further improvement. Scotch wool is in more request, but for want of setock there is not much doin& IMPOiT5 FOIR THE WEEK EKNDG F. 16. Foreign .. .. .. .. 582 ba Previously . 17,888 Total . 18,190 Scoted .. 39 bags Previously .. .. .. .. .. 16 Total MllIISGOA3g FAT AND TALLOW rARKT, FT 16. Rough fat wans lIrm to-day at about the rates of last weck. Thero .u brick emaneisted for the better caw lof home melt. Rlestb qnahety of grease sells frceel on arrival. The following wvere the quotaItines :-R,ough LIt. mutton,. 4:d. to 5d per lb.; bect~ 4d. to 4a-; rgnixel 41d. to 5d. Y. <C. tallow, 590. per ewe.; E:nglsh, 56s. to d tI 57s.; foreign. lie palm oil, 42s g pese st quality, 45e.; second ditoG, AINI 9E AtoD SKl MARKET, FEB. 16. The okfrawhides continued4ull, and there was but little alteratboo inlast week's rates. Wool sins were 6Ed. to 7d. each higher than tacit. uotabon, and takenfreely. The advtance has folly kept pace e1:h inceered value of weoL. The foliowiI,g were the suhng e ricesogf tbO & -H,es 9511,. and upward, 1dper e be.85lb.fo91 b ro on of t> Cl,f{ to S ~ d..651b. to 74Rb.. 4to ; 761Ac. to erib., ryd.; 55b. andnwXr, f w* cvisuPd to33d ibulls'. 11d.- flawed and live- 1b'of 1b 6t E.. flwed ,nd isregular, 5d.; and ieeei MaNCl'A7L RIFORM 1nt SCOT.ie'u.D-A bill of llr. E]ice, Mr. E.Y w4, mid Mr. Baxter extends th provisong of the Stottish', Mwsuespal I7efornt Act to ccrthin royali bnrghs in scociand. sow excluded *fom the. benefits thereof;.thseae are 7)0¢05510, New Gallosvay,-etxlroost bo1P muabens, Bervie, W,ter~~ laRtruther; Kilgemiy, KingIbrn, and Kintore. Provisi. on is made for the election of a town council in each burgh, sb.e fpl'Ther of councillox5 to be
RAILWAY AND MrNING SHARES. The railway-market has been rather firmer, ut the operations continue limited. At the close of business quotations were fairly supported. No great variation has occurred mii the shares of the Australian land and banking companies, the transactions having proved nimportant. Un Canada Land the bargains were at 130, and 'dhe final price was Ottoman Bank 'eft off If to i pm.; Bank of Egypt, 1i to Z pm.; National Discount Company, - to i pm. s Western Bank of London, i to I1 pm.; and dlliance Bank, par to i pm.
I THBE EASTERN COUNTIES RAILWAY. TO THE EDITOR OF TUBE TIMES. Sir,-In thepublicationbythe abovecompanyof thepoll on Mlr.Goodson's amendment at thespecialgeneralmeetingatthe L-ondon Tavern on the 25th of January last, I am astonished to find that my name appears among the list of proxies as having voted for Mr. James Goodson's amendment. I did not vote at all on that occasion, nor did I sign any proxy anthorizing any other person to do so. - --I am, Sir, yeur most obedient servant. VILLIAM NAYLOrP I 'rnlteIs-end, leb. 15.
FITZWILLI4If MVUSEUM, CAMBBIDaE. I TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-You wilfl greatly oblige mie by giving publicity, through your columns, to a subject of somewhat more than merelocl iterst.It apeas tat henthe very splendid buidin &etedforthi mueumdre ontowards completio a yndcae ws apoite fo th 'anagement of its affirs Grat ain wre ake toselctthese mnembers of the enat wh wer mot coverant ithworks of art-- and ifone may judge from their success in choosing a colour for tewalls, and from the small remnant which remains of t'hei arrngement of the pictures, they.were well up? to the 'work. The present vice-chancellor, however, took upon himself to set aside the plan, matured with care and deliberation by the management syndicate, for placingthe pictures. The result of this great stretch of powger m an officer elected only for a earf is most deplorable., The pictures are arranged wit out the least regard to harmnony of colour or symmetry of form. Very many of the best pictures are placed so high that they are seen to great disadlvantage, andl their artistic handling is altogether beyond the reach of the eye.n As a Tfrnitynman, I feel justly proudl of the great scetific attaimnents of the present vice-chancellor, but 'when he took- upon Ihimself to disregardl the unanimous opinion of the managinig syndicate, and conistitute himself absolut-e orbiter degantiarume, I think he not only greatly mistook his mittier, but violated the -responsible authority which the Senate had conferred on the Fitzwiliam Managreanent Syndicate. This syndicate first remonstrated, hut "in vain, and then resigned in a body. As a lover of art, I appeal throuighi your columns, to the public in general, and to tho Senate of the University in particular, toreinstatethe Management Syndicate, and support them in carrying out the work for which they appear to have been folly qualified. A NUN-RESIDENT MMBER OF TEE SEATE. I_
THE IxQumy 1To THE Loss oF Tm]ToosKnns WILLIS.-The fuller eNidence as to the loss of the oseaphine Willis, in the offlcial inquiry, completely bears out the 'view we took in our last publication. The fact that Mr. Clayton altered the course of the ship, momentarily having mistaken the steamer's whit-e light for that of Dungeness, Ind luffed up, is imnmaterial, for, discovering his error, he immediately righted the helm, filled his sails am{n, and resimed his course, W.S.W. As we supposed, tha ship was (n the wind, the yards braeed nearly shaip. It consequently was impossible for her to port her helm and bear up when thesteamer was almost upon her stem on. And I ihis raises a question as to the fitness of the Admiralty rule, that vessels meeting shall port their helms in all circurmstances. This regulation supposes an equality of mnoving power between steam and sail, which does not exist. The steamer can as easily go right as left, but-a long square-rigged ship cannot bear away in a short space (f time. She must brail up her driver or spanker, tnd shiver her miizen topsails to get her head off the wind. It maybe remembered that the Tayleur, when a league off ihe lee shore on which she was wvrecked, could not be got to wear, and, with her helm bard up, having fallen off a point or two, there she stuck in irons till she drifted lke a log ashore. To put steamers under the law always to go one way upon meetiagmay be quite right for they have more than the advantage of a running ship; -but sailing vessels meeting steamers should be left free to act asathey muy best be able to do,with the certainty that the steamer theymeetis boundto one course. Had the Josephine Willis been sure that the 3fangerton would port heg helm she would hare knoin -what to do to ivoid the colision, but in her uncertainty, seeo lug the steamer coming end on, she did'what'aissenger in the streets often does wlien another is 4pproaching, went to the left Ws the other went to the right.-Rzaminer.
-RALWAY INTELLIGENCE. 'KTnPTTTFAqPV.PV Ihe report of the directors of this company state3 that the revenue of the half year shows an increase of 34,2621.; and on the other hand a decrease in the ordinary vorking expenses of 24,0311. The gross receipts for the half-year ending the 3Ist of December last amonnted ta 903,3971., and for the cornespondin8 period of 184 t3 269,1351. The net receipts amounted to 453,296W. for the past half-year, and to 412,9291. for the corresponding period, showing an increase of 40,3671. The total excnditure for the past half-year amounted to 447,9811., incuding 55,0001. for renewval of permanent way; 16,2551. rates and taxes; and 10,6611. Government duty. The totalexpenditure for the corresponding period of 1854 aInounted tM 455,0441., inclading 40,0001. for permanent way MRiews fund; 14,4051. rates and taxes- ani 10 4. Govrnment duty. The increase in the ot evenue from traffic has enabled the directors to bIeet the augmented charge of 16,5321. for interest caused by the rise in the value of money, as well as the' additional providion of 15,000. for the renewal of the permanent way. The additional expenditure under these two heads amounts to 31,5321. After providing for these and for preferential charges, the balances on the separate revenue accounts wil admit of a dividend of 4; per cent. per annum onthe Berwick stock, and at the rate of 33 per cent. per annum on the York stock, leaving balances of 5,3771. and 1,3641 respectively. The available balance on the Leeds revenue account amounts to 56,7271. Out of this the directors recommend a dividend at the zate of 6 per cent. ner annum on preference quarters andthe extensions 1848, Nos 1, 2, and 3, and after laying aside 37 402t, to meet claims for arrears of dividend on the abovc sar"es, there will re- main 10,471&. They aLsO recommend a dividend at the rate: of 5 per cent. per annum on the first issue, and of 34 per cent. per annum on the second issue, of the preference fifth shares. This will amount to 2,0121, and leave a balance of 8,459., wvhich will be suffident to provide for the claim for arrears upon the hrst issue of the preference fifths. The Bedale and Leybumr Railwayhas been opened for merchandise and mineral traffic, and the directors propcose to work that line on terms wvhich have been alreadyagreed upon. The Aunckland branch will be ready for openng about the month of June. The dizec[ tors propose the creation of an Irredeemable 4 per cent. debenture stock instead of the debentures which the company is now authorized to issue. The sum expended on the Joint capital account amounted to (&6,4261.; on the Berwick capital account, to 11,233,1971. - on the York enpital account, to 5,876,380Z. ; or the o.eeds capital account, to 2,645,2361.; on the Malton capital account, to 319,'J . andonthe Great Worth of Englandpurchaseaccount,to 139,737& ; makdng the total 20,902,9001. The revenue account for the half-y.;ar shows that 903,3971. had b-en received and 450,100 expended, leaving a balance of 453,296., of which 258,8321., or 57-1 per cent. is appropriated to the Berwick company; 149,1341., or 32-9 per cent., to the York company; and 45,3291., or 10 per cent., to the Leeds company. EASTERLN COUNTIES. There are at present nine candidates for three seats at the board of this company, two of the seats are vacant, and one is at present filled by Mr. D. Waddington, lLP., the chairman, who, at the half-yearly meeting on Friday,. the 29th inst., retires by rotation, but is eligible for re-election. The late committee of investig,ation, it appears, are endeavouring to prevent the re-election of Mr. Waddangten, and to secure the election of Mr. T. W. Helps, Mr. R. Orr, Mr. I. Walters, or Mr. C. H. Pulley, a memberof thelate committee. The section of the shareholders who are in favour of the re-election of Mr. Waddington are endeavouring to secure his re-election, and the election of Mr. J. Goodson, and Mr. 3. Packe to the vacant seats. The two other candidates are Mr. J. R. Morrison, and Mr. M. Reilly, who, it appears are not connected with either party, and therefore otter themselves as independent candldates. It is understood that Mr. J. I. Morrison, who has lately retired from business, and has explained his views with regard to the managenient of the company as a commereil undertaking, will be supported by a largenumber of shareholders. LIVERPOOL, CROSBY, AND SOUTHPORT. A special meeting of this company was held at LivTerpo on Friday for the prose of receiving a report from the directors. Mr. w. arleocecpiedthechair. Thereport, after reminding theproprietors that at a special meeting held on the 14th of June, 1855, it was resolved to sanction an agreement to transfer the property to the lancashire and Yorkshire Company, on the understanding that for the year 1855 they were to receive a dividend of 21 per cent., for the years 1856 and 1857, 34 per cent., for theyear 185S and succeeding years, a dividend at the same rate per cent. as the dividend payable to the shareholders of the Lancashire and Yorkshire, it stated that when the dividend for the first half of the past year became due, the directors of the Lan, cashire and Yorksbire Company, 3astead of paying proiptty, contended that amongthe liabilities which had come to them for payment were some which did not, in their opinion, come within the seope of the liabilities contemplated when the agreement w/as made;* and that, therefore, the amount of those items (6301.) must be deducted from the amount to be paid in dividends. The directors of the Liverpool, Crosby, and Southport Company, had offered to submit the question to the decision of impartial gentlemen, but the ;Lancashire and Yorkshinre Board had refused to accede to the proposition; and the present meeting had been summoned to ascertain the Tish of the shareholders upon the matter. After an explanation from one of the directors, it wias resolved, on the proposition of Mr. Aiken, that the subject be referred to the directors, with an understanding that if the di0ficulty could not 'be otherwise settled, so much of the liabilities objected to by the Lancashire and Yorkshire Company shouldibe drawn as the amount wvas of too trifling a natulre to be allowed to imperil the agreement. GLOCESTER AN)D DEANT FOREST. The half-yearly meeting of this company ws held on Saturday at Glocester, Mr. S. Baker in the chair. The report stated that the balance in hand woould afford a dividend of 12s. per share, free of income-tax, equivalent (taking the income-tax into account) to 51. 3s. 4d. per cent. per annum, and leaving a small balance in hand, whereas the balance at the last half-year was 2821. against the company The present surplus will be ftuther increased by a forthcoming dividend-the precise amount not yet ascertained-on the shares held by this companyin the Hereford, Ross, and Glocester Railway. As regards the future prospects of this company, the following information was afforded by the report:-Tho rent paid by the Great Western Company, at 5 4 per cent. per annum, represents a half-yearly dividend of 13s. fd. per share. From thlat 13s. 9d. the directors will deduct the income-tax the cost of management, and for a time, the difference between the interest payable on 25,0001. debentures, issued to enable this company to contribute that amount to the capital of the Hereford, Ro3s, and Glocester line, and the dividends to be received on their shares in that undertaking. The report was adopted. Resolutions were then passed, declaring a -dividend of 12x per share, and, other formal resolutions having been carried, a vote of thanks to the chairman closed the proceedings. HULL AND SELBY. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Saturday atuUll; iUr. R. Tottie in the chair. Mtr. LOCXCIXG, the secretary, read the report, which stated that the amount available for dividend was 32,844r., after deducting the income-tax retained by the lessees They recommended a dividend of 21. 9s. 6dL on each of the 501. shares of 11. 4s. 9d. on each of the 251. shares, and of 12s. 4;d. on each of the 121. 10s. shares, leaving a sum of 504 fn hand. The CmsskuAw moved the adoption of the report and the declaration of the dividends mentioned therein. Mr. BoNvxs seconded the motion, which was carried. The retiring directors, Mr. Tottie and Mr. Craven, and the retiring auditor, Mr. Digby, were then re-elected, and the shareholders adjourned to an adjoming room, wherethey presented a testimonial consisting of one large and two smaU silver fruit or flower stands to Mr. Charles Henry Phillips, solicitortothecompany, as a moark-of the high sense they entertained of his semces as their solicitor for a period of 20 years. STOCKTON A-N) DARLINGTON. The half-yearly meeting was held at Darlington on Friday, Mfr. Thomas Meynell in the chair. The report (which has already appeared in Thle Times) was taken as read. The CszARr%Ne congratulated the shareholders on the steady increase in the income of the company, being several thousand pounds in exicess of the corresponding half of last year, wand suSlicit to enable the directors to continue the dividend on the ordinary shares at the rate of 9 per cent. He went over the different heads in the repors,-andconcluded by moving its adoption, which was carried renb. con. A resolution declaring dividends at the rate of 5 per cent. on preference shares, 6 per cent. on the Wear Valley and Middlesbroug and Redcar shares, and 9 per cent.'on the ordinary share capital of the company, was then -assed. N1eon-s. H. P. Smith, A. itching, and 3. W. kease were re-dected directors, and ilir. Robert Wilson auditor. The meeting was then made special, for the purpose of considering an agreement propoed to be entered into with the Darlmngton and Barnard Castle Railway Cmay o wvorking and maintaining their ins. Company, for The C ntrExL, read the heads of the agreement. It was proposed to be in force for 10 years. This company was to appropriate 50 por cent. of the gross earnings towards the expenss of working, but in the first instance they were ouly to take half that amount un7til the shareholders of ths Barnard Castle Company should have received interest on their outlay to the extent of 4 per cent. Then the remaininghalf due tothiscompany would bepaid; and if there wvere not suicient, the defiieincy to be a charge on the Barnard Castle Co Iany, and tO bear interest at tge rate fI 44 percent. Shoulh there be any nus after paying all clarges, it would go tothe Barnard Castle Company. A resolution authorizing the directors to carry out the, agreement, with such amendments as may be reonired by the Boaril of Trade, was then carried unanimonsl A vote of thanks to the chairman cncluded the business. IVAX-VALLEY. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Darlingtoin, on Friday, Mr. IL Smith in the chair. The business wvas confined to the declaration of the usual dividend of 6 per cent., per annmn, the re-election of of Messrs. H - Smith and Isaae Wison, as directors, and of M1r. Robert Wilson, as auditor; after which, a vote of thanks to the chairman wound up the meeting. MIDDLESBROUGH AN7D REDCAR. The filiaf-yeirly meeting of this :company was held at Darliagton, on Friday. 1r. A Hitching in the chair. The declaration of the guarinteed dividend of 6per cent., and the re-election of Messrs. A. Kithing and 3. W. Pease, as di'etors, and M&r. Joh Pese,' as auditor, was thewhole of the business trnstctcd.* EDINBURGH AID B4MGA1R no half-yearly meetiog of this company took plaeo at dinlrgh on Friday, Mr. Thomss Hll, vice-ehairi n;na presiding. The report stated that the cill recently mad uzpon ii s;hareholders had been, on t-ho whole, well responded to, ansi Xthtthe directors had horn that acrce disohaiged moot ot the outstanding liabilities of the company, There were st some shares in arrear of severacalls the forfeture of Whiclz thedirectors would prrpoeat iieit ineei . The arbiter had given in his award in the Uphall contract, the only one remainiing unsettled. The directors recommended that a dividend be declared of 3S per cent. per annumn on the ordiny capital for the h,i-year ending th6-3t of Januay The( z.UR Dlliovea the adoption of the report, ana ;gratulated the shareholders on obtainihg a dividemL Thhich, though not large, was a fairone. Te Secretary stated, in replyto qestions, that in the Uph all contract rns 8n 00t, and the awd 6 ,427 l being about 150L more than the directors bad proposed, p that thereo0ere 1 shares in arrease o 2 the report pss approved, and a, dividend wvas declae GREAT SOTEIJT7 .AT 'WEiER1?. tohe report of the directors of this company statesthat tha receipts for the half-year ending the blst of December last amounted t 180,295L, aend fOr the corresponding period et 1854 to 150,9781., showing an increase of 29,317t, of whicu. 16,690T has for passengers, 1o,1712. for goods, and 1,100tr for cattle. The net srplhsrevenge fortherhf-year amounth to 86,658L, ont of which the directors recommend that _. dividend be paid to the proprietors of oriiive stock, at the rate of 5 per cent. per annth, leaving ah ance of 24,158= of which they recommend 15,000A to be platd to the credi of the reserve fund, and 9,159L caried to tbls ne.st account,, The increased mileagAe consequent on the increased traffin was 65,590 miles. they have given orders for a increase in the rolling stock, and in :station acom modaton i consequence of the increased traE6bc. iL dividend on the companyx s investment in the xlapne junction of 1J. per cent, for the last half year appeared for the first time in the accounts. At no distant day the direeton expect a fully remunerative dividend from that line, independent of the large trafficderived from it. over the maim line of the Great Southern and Western, T}he capital account to the 31st of December last showved that 4.139,088!. had been receired and 4,1G6,182L *espended, leaving a. balance of 27,0944 against the corRpany. The revenue account showed that 185,5291. had been received dung the half year, and 62,024 expended in working espenser, 10,4361. interest on debentures, 9,309L interest on Ge cent. preference shares, and 17,473 interest on 4 per cant. preference shares, together 93,8TOL, leaving an available surplus of 8,C8. for the ordinary dividend. DISTEI. The half-yearlymeeting of this company was held at Bel. fast on WVednesday, Mr. \V. Coates in the chair. The repo^rt of the engineer rac^umimded that 6C,0O a- year should be laid aside as a reserve fund for the renewal of the permanent w.fay. On thle motion of the CnARMN, a dividend of 2cs. per 50I. sharewvas declaredfreeof income-tas, payable on thei 21st March, on all shares not in arrear of calls, leaving 4,0454 to be carried to the reserve fund. It was stated that Mr. Dargan was the contractor for the extension line to Monaghan. The amount of the contract. was lOO,O00I. for making the way and laying the line. The meeting then separated. SCINDE. The report of the directors of this company states that in the early part of last year the capital was promptly sub. senibed for, and in June aprovisional agreeient was enteredc into with the Hon. East Idia Company, by which 5 percent. was to be guaranteed on 500,0007. capital. The whole of the preliminary expenses, Parliamentary charges for the, act incorporating the company, law expenses, and deed of settlement up to the 31st of December last amount to 3,244L. On the 31st of May 128,94Lvas paid into the treasury oE the East India Company; onthe30th of June 46,2341, and on the 31st of July 72,058., amounting to 247,2381, beino nearly 50 per cent. of the guaranteed capital, am' 122,238. in excess of the first instalment. Subsequently 18,3704 was p?aid into the treasury of the East India Cornp any, making the total amount to thef .credit of the company to this date, 265,6141., upon. which 5 per cent, accrues, and warrants have been issued for the interest due December, 1855. The contract was duly executed between the East India Cornyandthis coni. pany on the 4th of January last, under the terms of which. interest at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum on the capita! is payable half-early in January and July. The line fr Kurrachee to lydrabad having been surveyed and reportec upon, by order of the Bombay Government, the directors expect shortly to hear that the exact course of the line has been fmally settled. From the unusually favolrable nature of the country to be traversed, it being a series of firm, bard, and level plains, little exposed to inundation, the directors anticipate a rapid progress andearly completion of this themost important_porhion of the line of communication. along the valley of the indus. The materials for 30 miles of permanent way have been contracted for, and a large portion is now in course of shipment. The report gives a favourableF account of the increasing trade and capabilties of the port oE Eurrachee, and states that for the last three years there has. bean a reglar communication established between Eurrachee and fooltan, a distance of 800 miles, by Government steamers, and, to meet in some degree the increasing traffic four boats, vwith accommodation flats, are beingconstructed by order of the East India Company, to be added to -he existing steam flotilla on the ndus. The. capital account shows that 257,157. had been received, a-ac 5,5021. expended, leaving a balance of 251,655!. 3MADRAS. The report of the directors of this company states thati. on the 10th of Nlovember last the Governor-General of India and his suite -were carried by. special train overnearly 60 miles of the line to 3aras, being Lord Dalhousie'.s first trip on an Indian railway. The works beyond the 60 miiles as far as TriveUlum are rapidly approaching comple. tion, and wil be ready in the course of next month. Ever exertion is being made to complete the line to Vellore by the same tine. The. chief engineer has stated his expectation of having the line readythe whole way to Salem, above 200 miles from Madras, bythe middle of next year. Operations are proceeding actively on the western side of the peninsula, from Beypore, inland, to Coimbatore, and at some points it is ready to receive the rails. Advices have been received of the safe: landing of the first eight locomotives at Madras. During the past year 34,500 tons of materials and stores. of all descriptions for the railway were shipped forMadras. The first 70 miles of the line-were by last accounts sufociently advanced to admit of the opening of that portion at an early date. The report alluades to unsuccessful efforts on the part of the directors to indute the East India. Company to raise the guarantee frnm 4.4 per cent. on one stock and 4' per cent. on the other to a uniform rata of 5- per cent. The directors have undertaken the survey of a, nefrom near Madras, by way of Cuddapah, to Bellry, and. thence orawards to a junction with the Boro3ay Railway. The-balance-sheet shows that 1,,34,766. tad teen received, and 854,1061. expended, leaving * balance of' 489,6601. DIJCCH RHMOTISIr The opening of this company's extcsion lne from .Arnheim to Emmerich for public tr,oc on Friday last, it. appears, completes the system of ,eiiways conceded to thbicornany, and establishes rallvay communcation between, Holliand nd Prussia. On the_ompletion of thebranch line of the Cologne and Minden Railway Company from theirmain line at Oberhause- to Emmerich in the ensuing summer, the Dutch IBenish Railway will be brought intocommunication witb the railway system of central Europe,. which it is expect4l Vill improve teir traffic. _TrISH RJLWAY RETUPS-S. arara up5 To TIE smWzcrXvE nAvs 5ss UNEs _ 1S56. hs .NameoflRailway. £ EL d. . a d. BelfastandB laymena, Feb. 9 .. . S25 18 3 .. 63 7 4 3lBfastiand Conaty Down, Feb.10 .. 214 411 .. 21s 9 - CorkanEandeo,Feb.9 .21111 S .. 24 2 5. Cork, E1ackrocir, and Passage, Feb. 9 .. 126 19 10 .. 107 2 4- Dublinand BeitastJuncio. Feb. 10.. 963 710 .. S3319 S 1ntereat1NavanBrach .. .. .9 0 0 .. 59 0 0 DublinandDrogheda,Feb.10 1. .. ,294 611. 1,093 6 611 Dubln and Kiangtow, Feb. 12.. .. 6214 . 1 . 4 913 9 6 Dub1inaodWVldo,, Feb. 9 .. 2 1 . 122 S 3 Great SouLthemand Western. Feb.g .. 036 12 3 ..3,2I611 01 Irih South-Easter nFeb. 3 .. 24319 . 187 15 3E MlLarneyJunction,Febh9 .. 1 610 . 173 2 4(1 Lndonderry and EnAuAkilen, Feb. 9 . 497 5 3 . 491 5 2 Mtidlan(IGreatl Westemn, Feb. 10.............. 2,69 S O .2.311 0 5 UlsterRailay, Febl0 .. .. 1,135 8 . 111112 0 Watertordundkilke aa Feb. 9 2S3 51 .. 29S 12 . Waterford and Limerick. Feb. 9.. s97 1 4- 716 12 Waterford andanTuome Feb. 9.. .. 30 T11 .. 1 4
FraE AT THE T;T)s INDusTsL ScaooL.-Alou& helf-past S O'clock on Saturday Moring the bovs' schoolroom in the south wing of the Leeds Industrial School .as discovered to be on fire. An effort was made by the masterand servants to extinguish it, but -without success, and an alarm was then given at the police and fire offices, and the engines arrived on the spot a little after 9 o'clock In theF meantime the flames had broken out in the boys' dormitoryabove the school, and extended to the roof of that part or. the building, which soon afterwards fell in. Fortunately there was no wind at the time, and- the fire was soon emtinguished, having been confined to the south owing. Thel flames appear to have circulated for some time between tho. joists and the flooring, both of the boys' school-room and the. dorsuitosy, before it was discorcred; anditiSomewht dif cult at present to trace their origin, though it vill probably transpire on further investigation that the fire was causet by the hot air with wiwch the establisinnent is heated. Had the fire occurred at night time, when the boys. were in bed, the consequences might have been fatal, while the wvhole of the noble Uile of buildings would haveF been endangered. The building is insured in the York. shire and the Star insurance o9ices. The damage will not. exceed a few- hundred pounds. The .Industrial School Is a. fine modern structure, sitnaied on a piece of high ground at, the north-east side of 1eeds, and is the moral and industrial training institution for pauper children belongiPg to Leeds. A.i mE G ov].-A lriige quantity of flom= adulterated 'with alum was seized on the premises of MIr. George hlorritt, of the Steam-mill, Pontefract, by chiefi constable Ward last week. The seizure was made in conse. quence of information which transpired durngthc investgation of a similar case at. Wakefield, reported in kc2VmSi of Thurtsday lst. The adulteration having been provedtv thc satisfaction of the bemch at Pontefract, a fine of 15.- vas inflicted unon the defendant, and the adulterated flout nas condemnea and sold, afterha6ving been renderedunfitfor human food, the proceeds (amonntmg to about W0?.) being divided among several charitable istitutions in Pontej fract. I, Thr lBrLI.-Two other law bilsl have bee3i-I printed. The one is a bDill to zme-nd the procedure in andt enlarge the jurisdiction o f the superior courts of common IawinI±eL a d, xivcinecaaedep.owerato the judes; the second is a bill to consolidate an&asiend te laws reaigt iuries. Both are prepared by the Attorney and Sollcsto General for Izeland and 3Ur, floran.
$rA2T OP TRADE. MAXCHESTER, FEn. 16. 'e bave haa a considerable business durinig the week in cloth, and still more activity in yarns, with an improvement I in prices ; but the market has been much quieter to-day. I Slhe impuLse which led to the increased business of the weekI mrs given by the advices received last Sunday from the 'United States respecting the piospects of the cotton supply. Bhe fear that our relations wit' the States might be mter. I zopted also encouraged specuhlaon infhe Lwerpool marls, and during the week the sales have reached neariy a fAe I- u5ghVs consumption, at Id. to id.er lb. higher prices. Since then the letter of tie Chancelor of the Exchequer announcing the intention of Govermnent to effect a new loan and to fund Exchequer-bills, has had a counteracting effect and hence a quieter market at Liverpool, and corrosponding dullness hero. rost peopleseemntoregardanyat. nempt to permanently raise the price of cotton in the faco of the plentiful supplies thathave hitherto come forward as certain to be unsuccessfu, and the disposition of buyers of manufactured goods is to bold bock as much as possible ntil the speculative bubble bursts; but this cannot alwas, Ie done without considerable inconvenience, especially in periods like this, when a series of disturbingin4uences may continue to affect the raw produce-markets for some time to come. Spinners are ask-ing dL to id. hieher prices for yarns, and manufacturers obtaun rather highier rates than ast week, but are unable to secure an advance which would compensate them for the increased cost of cotton. Lord Palnerston has nado an appointment for 12 oeclock o-biorrov to receive, at his residence in Piccadilly, adeputation fromi the Manchester Commercial Association on tho subject of our relations with BraziL Their object is to procre the repeal of the Sth and 9th Victoria, cap. 122, so long an offence to the Brazilian Government, by whomn, it latbought, suffdiently vigorons and successful efforts have lieen recenty rnade to put an end to the traffic in slaves. lffhe deputation will include Mr. J. H. De Castro, Mr. Swinfen Jor-dan, Mr. W. Harding, Mr. R. J. Farbridge, 1r. W. Gibb, and MEr. Hutgh Ileming, secretary to the association. At 2 o'lock to-morrowr also, the same deputation have an nterview 3ppointed at the Boar-d of Trade with Mr. Lowe, on the subject of the Shipping Bill, and on the sub. sect of the African import duties. According to a etter vwhich has come to the hands of the association, -the increasedl ad alore- duty of 3 per cent. placed by the legislative Council at Cape Coast Castle on English manufactures was already drivingthetrade intothehands of the a)utch. The writer saystbatnianyof the Englishresidentinerchants were going into the Dutch settlements, his agent informing him at last advices that they had selected the small Mutch town of Mawree, three or four miles from Cape Coast, where thc Governor had given themyermission to sccupy the fort, on condition of keeping it in order; and 'cssels w-ere already passing Cape Coast in consequence of the annoyance and troble given to the masters by the new ;regulations and restrictions on trade. BlIMGHAM& PiER. 16. The tone of the iron districts during the past week .%as been flat, and fears have been entertamned that tnless a speedy end is put to the present differences existing between this country and North America prices xaust give way. The trade with the United States in plates and sheets has for the last few weeks, if not months, ibeen rndually improving; but the demand at the present anoment is not so good as it has been. An Miluential portion of the ironmasters well acquiainted from long connexion 'with the American trade think, however, that there is little teason to apprehend any serious reduction in Transatlantic demands, and that they will, after all, be called upon for large supplies of South Staffordshire iron during the spring 2nonths. The American stocks are pretty well exhausted, and it is generally March before any fair judgment can be formed with respect to therequirementsof the iynited States' mnarkets. PossiblythepresentcontroversybetweentheBitish and American Governmaents may temporarily cause a cessa. ioni of orders, but, this happily terminated, a great influx is ntidpated as a certainty. The demand for the home znarket is steady, and the first firms of the district continue ko exact Qularter-day's prices, hut undersetting is unquestionably upon the increase. But, although the market for anufactured iron is somewhat wveaker than during the month of January, pigs of the best make are in good re- upon the whole, maintain their rice steadily. to be regretted, as affecting th character of south Stanordshire iron, that the uhse of inferior cuhlities ntch as cinder pigs, should have prevailed so generanly as it has doh durmig the last t fe yeas. rytis stated, hotever, * that in th is respect a mark-ed improvement is obs~ervable 'untd that a better class of malleable iron is consequently fast superseding these inferior makes, which have brought disre. pute upon iron produtced in certain parts of the South :htaffonisl,ire district. It is unnecessary to say that these -observations do not apply to what are termed the " marked" lsouses, whose iron is always good, and needs no commemn-dation in the market. The conaltrade, in comparison with what it has been, is flack, but still there has been no reduction in the rates of charge. There is a less supply for domestic purposes, and some of the furnaces are consuming less than a forttdlht or a month ago. The collieries are, however, genersIy hiL nil work and the men w ell employed. It is satis-factory to report that the differences woich latelv occurred ietoteen the coal proprietors and the coUiers with respect to sone of the special roles made under the authority of the Mine Inspectmog Act have been adjusted. In many in. stances the masters have abasdoned that part of the regoulations to,hich referred to the "fire eoal," heretofore talowed to the colliers, ard the disallorwnce of which, in the case -of single men, created great uneasiness and insubordination 'n the col-fields of Earst pWorcestershire and Sttfferdshirec irmicd and singole men earningfi U wages are to receive one uon per month, instead, aS was proposedain the ner rules referred to, the Talowance to single men being limited to one ,ton in twvo months. The orders received zy the foreign mails during the w eek are by no means heavy; huLt, unquestionably, if wec are t.o believe Brazilian correspondence, there is a better call for 3i1rmingham goods than during the early parwt of last year. .Such is the representation made ix l etters to which we hive had access. ThFe W.est India orders are not nuImerous, lint the Call for articles requtired by the planters is seldom given by Liverpool houses at so early a period of the year. i'he orders for su ar funnels, large quantities of which are nanuafy exported to Jamaica, Demerara, and other West 12dia islands, as well as to South America, are seldom put in hand before April or Way, frequently not so early. There have been, however, some good orders among our mianufacturers of ed"edtools for the colonialinarkets. The founders of Birmingham denythat the price of copper has, or is a' present likely to have, a downwvard tendency. Admitting that a cessation of war might lead to a large increase in the importation of copper from the north, they contend that the increased demand for manufactured goods, niot only for the continental, but also for the home market, -would far more than counterbalance any reduction which may by somue be expected from an increase in the import of -the ra-n- materalh. The stocks on the continient are known to be extremely lowv, and, trade being once again thrown open, is asserted that accumulated demands must havs heeffect of keeping up prices for some time to come. The 'demandl for tubes alone, under the crcumrstances anticipVated, wvould of itself carry off an immense quantity of the anereazed exports of copper; while for sheathing the zequraements would consume an eeual if not a still greate: qu.antity. In some branches the demand for certain articles of brass foundry is far greater than might lJave been expected. For the best descriptions of brass bedsteads orders are extremely numerous, and one of our estalblishments which has obtained areputation for this mannfacture is working overtime, with every prospect of increased activity. For the commoner descriptions of metallic bedsteads the demand is not so great, superiorqualities at high prices being those at the present time chief'y in most request. Large quantities of these elegant and useful articles are exported to the East and West Indies, as weU 2Lc to the southern p arts of Europe. Although the jewelry x tinufcts re of the town has recently received a hea ilow b;- the failure of a Large house fn London, business is jeriea, and most innse of acknowledged renutSaion are getting up more than an n average amountof work, The piemand for commorc articles is unusutlly extensive. The manufacture of common locks for building puopfses !continges remarkably dul and a revival of this branch of trade c.hnnot be expected until a further advance of the Jasohn The k-atemnt lock business for safes is, however, rtemarably active, several principal finns hatving aS many orders on band as they can welt execute within the time ieciftedlfor their completion. thes is the more remark-*lAe, inlasmuch as the orders for these descriptions of safety asteningsu are unsually more nutmerovs on the approach f wninter taln at the entrance upon spring. In coadnexien c-ith the clck-manufacture ie may be mentioned, as inter-estinz to those ho took an interest in the lock controversy during tle Cystal Palace E .xeibition in Hyde -Park, and -gmmediately subsequent, that in the Birmingham Court of r3snlsuptcy on Thrasdly the improvements of Weale's Invention, now known as Cotterili's patent climax detector seck, were claimed by a person named HsiPss, then 1efore the Courta;a bakrupt, and uho songht by his evidence to improve lhs estate by adding a third of the value of the invention, as secured by a. deed executed by Mr. Cotterill, to his oteher assets uder the banrrutcy. Mr. Cotterill IIounht to set asde this claim, by statnig that the third was issigned not for the alleged improvements which constiizted the rerit of his fame e lock, bat to prevent disclosure sy Hipkiss of the principle upon which thelockwa con.- j-tructed. It appeared, how-ever, that the specifications f,rere tied some time'ieore the deed was ex;ecuted, and : hat there could be, therefore, no further secrecy in the 2 natter. The disclosure, whether true or erroneous, has c reated considerable stir among the lockmal;ers of Birming. }jin In Willenhall and the neighbourhood, where the r tanafacture is carried onto a great extent, the house lock 1 usiness is dull, but the gun lockmnakers are busy; and the r es sea service rifles just ordered will give still further em?!IOYDent to the artisans engaged in this department of localtrade- The hollow-ware trade of West Bromwrich is in some deyree recovering from the depression it experienced upon the fi off of exporte to Australia. The supplies to the -aactors ae upon the increase, which argues weUl for the state of the hardware and ironmongery trade throughout the country. In Wolverhampton the tin workers are busy; znd it may be statedthat, generally, both the factors ofthat townt and BirLmingam speak favourably of the prosrects of irade (so far as tho various branches ,,itha which they are -conneted nrc concerned tihroughout the country. It is to le renarked, that al nough at the present time there are no great contracts on hand calling forth the resources Df thi3 part of the country-exce;ting, indeed, the xupplies for the army and the nayy, which affect only cert+ain branches, yet the demand for ironfoundry and, ardwar of almeat every description has, undor all circumeances, been steady if not over-active. The falling off in rmer great demandt for railway works has not been felt -*severely as might hae been expected, and the constant id steady annual requireenta for railway stores has in mie measure made up for the absence of heavier contracte| _ow Christmas is turned and the raily companies ar-a 4ntennLg upon a fres half-year, specifications are making their apperanc. ins the district, and large quantitieaof ails, nails, bolts, screws3, and other artiles of Staffordshire £nd Birmnghm psoduca are required for somle of the prin. I Cipa line.e ~heChaber ofCoqamerce in Birigham durnDg the t5e deo= iti a e2^ntioi to tuhecbi Wfit respect to2 which in the midland districts no twro opinions ard entertained. After a short discussion, the Chamber unanisnoCly resolved to petition Parliament in favour of'Mr. Lowe' measure for the abolition of local dues on ship]ing-dues which have at all times operated, particularly at Liverpoo, against the interests of Birminghammanufacturers. At the ae meeting it was agreed to memorialize Governienb with a View to obtain in Brmingham and in all other towns w'here a branch of the Bank of }ngland isr established preater facilities for the purchase and transfer of Government stock, and for the payment of dividends thereon; Other bodies in the town are moving in the same direction. Weti"daPylast was appointed for a final dividend meetiDgin the mattes Of Nessrs. Bufford and Wrasg, of the late Stourbridge Bank, but, owing, as it is stated, to some portions of the estate not having yet been realized and some claims requiring time for further investigtion, the winding up of the affidirs of this bank-distinct from that of the Bromsgrove Bank and the private estates of thebanknaptswas adjourned until the 112th of March. The dividends from all the estates wil constitute but a sorry aggregate. NOIITIGHAM, Fn 16. The demand-for hosiery suitable for home consumption continues far, and employment is pretty general in all branches, while in some departments of the business there is a scarcity of hands. In the occupations auxiliary to framework knitting, such as mending folding, finishing, &c., there is such a dearth of labourers tha a vanced wages are being obtained by those engaged therein. Spinners of hosiery yarn have given notice of a further rise. The effect of previous advances is already perceptible, particularly upon goods of the lower qualities, which are much dearer. Indeed, there is a general tendency upwards in prices. In the lace departments the demand is rather quieter this week for home consumption, but foreign orders are large, some of unusual magnitude having again been received from the United States. Plain bobbin-nets and Brussels laces are so generally sought after that they are very scarce. One or two large local houses cared the market some time since, and have planted orders that will occupy the most extensive machine owners at least two months to supply. This, of course, has raised prices, combined with the advance upon yarns and silk. Some merchants contend that the enhanced rates demanded are excessi and refuse to operate at the prices asked, while others affirnm that a further rise is justified by the extensive trade doing. This being genuine, and coming simultaneously from almost all quarters, but little fear is entertained of checking business. Very many orders have been declined during the week, the goods being wanted in other directions at enhanced rates. In the fancy departments blondes and edgings are still nuch sought after. Thebetter classes of black laces are agaiu freely in request, including pusher goods and imitation pushers made upon the lesars machine. The scarcity of female labour in the lace branches is shown by the frat number of notices for cap hands, carders, .c., which are everywhere placarded. The industrial population appears not to keep pace with the requirements of business, though the town continues rapidly to increase in size. A half-starved stockimdniaker is now never to be seen-as far as Nottingham and its neighbourhood are concerned the race seems to be extinct ; at least, their position is so generally raised, in consequence of their own services being bettor remunerated and their families meeting with lucrative employment, that they do not look like the same beings, and now are generally as weU fed and clothed as any other large class of operatives in the kingdom. If the expansion of local manufacture and trade is not now to be checked, an effort must be made to bring in more of the country operatives and their children, which can only be accomplished by the erection of a great number of low-rented cottages. At present it sometinies takes weeks for a family settling here to find a home the rent of which does not drive them back again into the country before they have had time to acquire a position calculated to support their necessarily increased expenditure. An alteration of the Enclosure Act, with regard to certain portions if the newly-enclosed lands, is loudly demanded, m order to facilitate the building of the cottages required. LLICESTE%R, FED. 16. There has this week been more doing in hosiery for home zonsump 'on, although the demand is yet by no means brisk. ln the low-priced cotton goods some tolerably large sales have been effected. Some Aimerican orders have also been given out, and prospects are rather improving. There is more doing in the fancy departren as for shipping Wools are firm at the late advance, with an upward tendercy, but spinners are comnplaining of the price of worsted in comparison with that of wool. On the whole there is a decidedly improved tone with respect to trade generally. The directors of the Leicestershire Banking Company report that the net profit of the bank for the past year (after roiigfrbad debts) is 18,450!. 14s. 7d!. A diviiendoha paid of IZ. per share, and another similiar cividend for the half-year ending December last is recommended to be paid, being 10 per cent, upon the paid-np capital; a bonus of 10s. per share is also recommended by the directors to be paid, which, with the dividend, is to be free from income-tax Afterdeducting 1,461 2s. for interest on the guarantee fund there vwould remain 3,6771. 4s. 3d. to be added to that fumd, making it stand as follows :-Balance January 1, 1855, 48,3381. 10s. 10d.; one year's interest at 3 per cent, 1,461G. Os. 2d. ; residue of profit, 3,6W77. 4s. 5d. ; total, 53,476!. 15s. 5d. The paid-up capital w.as stated to be 100,000., and the guarantee fund 53,476!. 15s. 5d. LEEDS, Fan. l6~ In anticipation of an advance in the price of wool, and also in expectation that the peace negotiations will be sucmessful, and that there will imimediately be an increased demand for woollen goods for exportation, buyers operated rather freely at the early part of the present week, and the tone of the trade gradually strengthened. Wool, at the ales which commenced in London on Thursday, has advanced, on an average, about 2Ad. per lb. over the prices Abtained at the sales in October ; and the demand is aniimated both on the part of home and foreign buyers. At the murrent indigo sales in London prices have also advanced, so that on two prime articles the manufacturerhas topay a considerablyincreased price. All these circumstances combined have caused our woollen cloth-markets to-day to show much animation, and agood deal of cloth was sold, at prices a shadchigherthan those obtainable in January. Both the home trade and the export houses have made above av:rage purchases, being convinced that there must be higher prices paid next month than this. A little fear is entertained that the pesent dispute between this country and the United States of America 'may lead to an interruption of that peace vhich h.as long prevailed, asit were, between two branchesof the same family ; but the statements of Lord Palmerston in the House of Commons last night, and the whole texture of his Lordship's speech, have given assurance that his Government ill do al that in honour can be done to bring the msatters in dispute to an amicable conclusion. The uncertainty, howevevr, as to wvhat may be the issue, is rather checking orders on the p art of merchants for goods suited for the States. The tightusof the money-market has not yet been much felt in the West Riding, there being few complaints of nonsettlement of accounts. The worsted trade at Bradford is much the same as last week. Operations in wools and yarns have been rather checked by the anxiety felt as to the result of the wool sales in London. Manufacturers havin sought rather higher prices for their goods has also rather tended to prevent sales of piece goods, yet, upon the whole, a fair seasonable businesshas 'een done. The trade of Halifax has undergone little change. There is a struggle for higher prices, but it is not very willingly yielded to. The. operatives are gradually obtaining more employment. enhqe linen trade at Barnsley has improved during the week, and both power and hand-loom weavers are getting snore work than in January. Stocks of most descriptions of linen fabries have diminished during the past few weeks, and the demand appears to be increasing. DUBLLN, FEB. 16. Trade has been very languid during the week. Almost all the m-arkets have been without business, and the continued downward progress of almost every article of traffic -of corn, provisions, sugar, &-c.-is not calculated to restore animation to them, or promote commercial operations. In sugar considerable sales were effected here at the close of last week, but at prices very little if at aU highler than the rates in last June. Smithfield on Thursday was again a dull market, though a smart reduction n previous prices would have been submitted to to promote business. The rovision-market was also lanuid. The Customs' receipts forthe week, to Thursday inclusive, were 14,0041!, against 17,064!. last week. The followg is an abstract of daties received at the port of Dublin for the week ending Feb. 9 Tea, 5,1471. Os. 6d.; refined sugar, 824!. 4s. d ; mnuscouado sugar, 2,9501. s. 5d.; coffee, 1991. Os. 4d.; wine L878. 4s. lld. ; spirits, 7801. 3s. ld.; tobacco,3,773!. 2s. 4d.- timber, 64!. 2s. 3d.; miscellaneous, 236b. I5s. 10d. Th6 share-market has been tolerably active, the advance in the funds in the early part of the week having afforded more encoura,gement than usual to opertions on the Stock-Exchange. "Miners" declined considerably, bt were in demand on Thursday, and recovered Zs. Gd. of the previous falL. Wicklow Coppers improved 3!. BEFAST, F 15. INamss.-The mere rumour of an. hterruption of our commercial intercourse with America has had a backward influence on the linen trade, and created a good deal of uncertainty and distrust as to future operations. Markets for white goods have been quiet. Small supplies only have for several weeks been sent forward from the bleachflelds, the unfavouable state of the -weather having greatly interrupted general business. Stocks of white linens are, consequently, rather low in the hands of the leading fizms. Prospects of the spsiag;trade are very good, and for the home and foreign markets there has been a fair amounmt of orders recently to hand. Of course, much will depend on the settlement of the American question and the final ar- rangement or peace with Russia. Brown markets were fyll supplied with webs last week, and, on the whole, the buymg was well up to the supplies. In several cases, however, holders of large lots seemed unwilling to move them at previous rates, and, in anticipation of improved value, kept them over. Ballymena was not so well attended as usual on last market day, and sales were dullfor some classes of goods. Others, again, w ent offbriskly, finer sorts being more sought after thaa the heavier styles. Lmtt Ynw.-Theire has been more doing in this article i during the week, and warps iii some cases brought better prices. Fsx-The supply during the week of home-grown flax has been smaller than the previous one, with a steady demand for all kinds, particularly for good hand-scutched, In Cootehill, Ballybay, Monaghan, and Anghnacloy 64 tons appeared. In Ar-magh, ookstown, and Ballymoney 63 tons appeared. Price of hand-scutched, 5s. 6d. to &S. 3d.; and nmll-sciitched, s. to 14s. per stone of 16l1b. In foreign flax we bave not heard of any transactions of ina portance. Corror.-We cannot note any change in this department of local enterprise. Yarnissoillata& light advance for all counts above 10s, and for lower numbers fllprices are paid. In the goods trade there is a steady amount of busi. niess done, and especially for fine fabrics, those inuslina selling at an advaLnce of Is. to Is. 3d. per piece on the rates cretafwmnh s ago. Weaes aeali ok n th iatt fpodcini bu tehgetaon
THE COBN TRADE. LIVEPUIOOU, FM 16. Tj, Mtvrus of"Jaes ofBritihb wheat, as Per "Gazett, for thle week endig t8thins. ae 68,686 quarters at Us9. Sd. per quarter; cornapndng w.o1k ISr e1,223 quarters at 71, id. per quarter; ditto, 1NW, 64131 quartei`'- at SZe. 4dt per qutarter. TXhe farners' deliveries are gainupona ro urZd this Week, andI if line weathelr should now set in, which is not frproCbi.~U after so many weeks of heavy 221in, theYwill leeverY busily Zgage wt odlbu,adw a stillo x smraller deliveries of wbhea. Their attention wfl very lie edhrectedonore to thre thrreehng out C! 1ealrey The growing wheat Plant wears- a remarkably healthy ,-PPe=ariac0. The as.Thof foreign grain sad flour since Tuesday are tn.-lvticsant. Theme evi a fair attendance At yeeterdsY's market, but al,>gether the b-slneas effected wa very moderate. The mlddllng descrli.-tiOns of Anaer;ca 2ed wheat, of which the bulk- oftheeaeraeles consisted, .teCllaed abon3t id. per bushel from TuLesday last ;but, froma the eztTem -Scarcity Of prime qualitiesaoffresh red And white Wheat, holders wereenahtled to comn I.pr bushael advanrce. There was a nominal redueflure masde on every other article, namely, Cd. to 9tt persack and barrel on ILou,- . perV loAd on 01tend Cd per quarter ech on Indian corn, beans, and peas, and 24. perbuoheI on barley. There is no change in price to-day', but evidently a6 stronger feeling prevails. The weather baa become dry, warm, anid eprine.li NOTTIIIGHA3 Ecua. 16. The weather has been very mildaillthe week, end soremuch rainhbar fallen that theValley oftire Trent is thlorouighly flooded, as alsoare meast of its tributaries. Grass begins to grow in warmer situations, and COnseqetuetly hay and other dry fodder are beconaing chper. TurmIps being mostlY gone, sheep are daily forced into the market, -wbich baa bad the effect of lowering the price bothl Of mutton and The conditioni of the wheat shewing at our market to-day was gene. rally vory had; dry samples met a ready sale at the full prices of IaS. week. A email suPPly Of barley; theo demand was limited, but i. cOuld notbe bOught lOwer. in1 oats ed bensnoalteration. The prset prices ofgrain anddetur.in Nottingham ae sfollews.. Wheat, white, old,8r.toS7s.perlfstone; uew.8Os.t.os4s.;:red, old,~ h7s,to is,; new, Us.to7&e, Barley,formalting, Id.to44..per quarter; for grinding, 35e. to 363, Oats, old, lie. tolC9s.per 2lsto. ne;nw. 23& to ll. Beans, old, fOe, to Sie, per 3S stone; new, lie, to £ls. FloIur, super. lie to062s.Per0lstone; fine, lie, tofils. DERBY, Pan 16, We bare had come deluging maine since our last report, and a good deal of meadow laudi has been flooded. This season the ground will haveO a thorough soaking. The 'weather having been unseasnably maild, vegetation has progressed very rapidly, and the young -wheat in looking forward and healthy. At our corn-maark-et Yesterday, the quantity of Wheat at market Was an average one. Thlere were, however, some damp samples for whichL ther was very little, if any, inquiry. The best descriptions of wheat relize the quol0ations of Last week. Barley was in, fair Supply and ratbereasierto purchase. Oats maintainrd lastweek's rates. In beans therewasgno alteration. New white wheat,i7s,to 9s. ;.old white,7T.eto SUe-.;new red wheat,72lie.to Us.; old,7li, to7ICe.;maltlng barley, lie. tolls., Per imPerial mneasure; grinding barley, lie, to Us. per iiO stone; old oats, lie,. to lie.; new, Mfs to 27s. peri20 stone; old beans, 5ie, to l5e. ; new, 4ie, to 4ie, Per ii stone ; flour, l5e. to 51s, ; Super flour, 5ls, to lIe per 20 stone. LEICESTER, Pen,16 We have had an immense quanitity of rain during the past week; ,and the waters are out. No damage is, however, Apprehended, And, withL 'verY few exceptions, the accounts respecting the appearance of the young9wheatsare favourable. The fatstock trade has this week boonj dull, At our market the trade ruled slug-gish at last week',sprices. Al Our homse fair on Wednresday thec best description of hacks sold -well, at good Prices. Many inferior homseswere sheos, and for theseethereowas very little inquiry. At Our core-market thit roomning the supply of whbeat was goad, sand there was a nuLmerous attendance of farmers and millers, In wheat there was a ceod demand, at the quotations of last eveek_ Barley was an excellent shiow, And there wasa brisistrado doing at lest I weeka3 Prices, There was a fair qiuatity of oats showing, and lato Prices were maintained. For beans there wvas a good inquiry, at last week's prices. White wheat, 74e. to Ifs. ; red, lOs. to Vie; barley, ils. to 4D.; oats, lie, to 6~ li.;beans, iis.to lie. Per quarter. Fine flour, 563w. tolls-. ; Seconds, lIe;. ; thirds., lie.L to lie. per 20 stone. LINCOLN. Fast 10. A gret deal of rain Itas fallen since our last rePort, and the low- lanids are neow undrer water. The young, Wheats have made Astonishing Progress durinig the last weekc, and look- remark-ably well, The fatstockmarket boas been during the last fe-w days rather on the decline. At Peterborough the shew of sheep) was net so nmunerou,s a,usual, withOut variation ton price, witile fOr beasts, of which there eras a gee I Shew, reduced Prieces wore taken. Be'ef, Ye:. to le. 6d. per stone; mnutton. i ewes, VA tto Gd; wethoe-, Cd. tol7d. PeT lb.; pork, lei. to s. Od. per Stone. At Newarkc the fat stoeek market eras well supplied, axed the tradle ruled dull at late prices. Beef, 7s. to 8s. per stone, mutton, CdI to 7d.per lb. At our corn-market yeetorday there was a tolerable show of wheat, comaeofwhich was in bad orthiition. For the best samples rather mere money was given than Last wrek, B1arley was in fai,r supply, at an advance oftIs. per quarter erpors the rates of last week. oats muintained late prices, andin beans there was no alteration. White wheat,8lie,to Sis.;'red, Ms. tole. ; barIey, lie, to l1s. ;oate.i2e. tol32s,; beans 48s. to l4e, per quarter.I At fileaford there wvas a tolerably briskc trade done in wheat, at a decline of 6d. per quarter upon last week's rateis. Noalteration in other deSCriPtions Of grain.L White wheat, U1s. to l&s.;, red68, e to IDe.; At Gatssborortih whceat, of which there was a small sita,raie Is. per quarter more mnoney titan last Week, In. barley theewa reduetren Of Is, per querter. Oats seed beans irititout alteration. WVhrte whecat, li.to lie. ; red, ifs, to lie, Per quarter. At SPaldiseg tlee market was badly suppled with wheat, andI the host; samples resli7ed 3s, to 4s, per quarter meore mon ey thain lat week._ Beaus were Cd per quarter daremr, and in eats there was an advance of Is. per quearter. AtNewulrkthere wa s A good show Of -lteat-wh icl celdat An advance3 ofis. tele. per quarter upon the quotatiow,of last week,. In othrerdoscerittiores of grain tltore was rie altervation. Im1-ite whbeat, Vse, tollis. ; red, lee, to ICe. ; malting bearley, lie. to I0ls,; grmndinrg bairley. i-I, to lYe,; oats, die. to l2e. ; beans, us, to lie. ; peas, I40s, to 4Us. ; malt, lie. to lie,. per quarter. At Boston minot of the wheat showen was out of condition, for which lam'plesathere was an advance of Is. to is, per quiarter upon the quotations of best weekL There was very little inquiry for inferior samples. In barley, eats, and beans there was no alteration. White -wheat, 7ie. tDo7se.; red,lO, to 72s. ; barley.SSe. toI40, ; eats, 24s. to 26s. ; beans lie to I7s, ; peas. ifs, to 463. Per quarter. At UJppinghaen thequrtnations were, wirte wheat, 143. to Ida ; red, 7ft to172e; barley,iiQs,to lis. ; oats,ii-A. o lig.; beans,.40s. to 5D3. per quester. At Utent, the wheat trade ruledI actrve, at an advance upon the Peters Of last week, of is. to is. per quarter. In oUtler descriptions of grain there was very litt-le alteration. Whilte Wheat, 67s. to 68e. ; red, 64e. to,C6s. ;hbarley, lie. tol4ls,; eats, lie. toll8s,; beans, l5e. toll9s, per quarter. At Oakham, the prices were, -white wheat, lie.L to 74e,; red, Ole. tol70e. ;barley, 35s. to 39s, ; Oats,iOs. to i2s,; beaus, Ids, to 4ie,- per qr,arter. At Lynni, most of the wheat shown Was in bad condltion, eonsequen"iy very little business was done without any variation ine prices, Barley sold at a reduction of Gd. per quarter; Whrite Wheat, 74ie, to 163.; r4d 5ilS. toD lie, per quarter; barley, lie,. to XOs. per quarter. DIONCASTER, FgEr, IC. T-he weather continues extremely mild and open for the season, the tePmpritro' being as Itigh as it usuallY is two months Inter than this. The young wheat plant never looked better thana it does nowr on all but the Poorest lands. It hias a fine Strong blade, of a goodI colour, end stands very erect and regular, The ploug-hing oflaud for spring sowing is now general on the most forward soils, and, wiha continuiance of tbc Present weather, our farmers will Soon be very busy getting in their seed.Coe edi rac;tels rpwa psilfiue and the pricehasgone up zCla-tonbhigher titan it waslastyear. The yetmg grass in beg-inning to prick up on cthe pasture lantis in this viclinity, endI they are already Assuming all the Appearance of spring verdure. _ _ The value 'Of wha n h oksiemrketisthisweek has had generally an upward tendency. In only one instance has the advance been ver mar'ked, whlel in twro eases the price has actually receded, but at all the rest of the maark-ets prices have either been stationary. with considerable firmnness on the part of holders, or improved to a slight extent. We began the week- wini' depression of Cd. per lead (is 4,1. Per quarter) at Selbey, where thle show of grain was large, and of is, per quarter at Thirsk, wlrore hut little business was done. At Picker. ing and Darlbingln prices were stationary. On Tuesday there Was an enhancement of Is. to is. per quarter en the best samples at Hull, the show being li-ber-al and the tone of the trade very firma; a slight advance at Leeds with a fair sale for the best' parcels ; and an incres flee, to is. at N ewerstle, wi th same act'ivity in the markcet ; but at Sheffield, en thee same slay, last week's prices could not be exceeded. The markets on Wedacedny fully susItained the improvement cetabilshed en Tuesday. At Barusloy. Bartianl-castle, Guislborough, flovingleam, and Nerthatterton, the advance effeeted1 was irarily quotable, but holders were firm and Prices were decidedly the turn hig-her. At MarkIet VWeigton and Ifaresboroughi good dry samples of Wheat commanded Is. to is. per quarter more money, an-i a-t Stockton-on-Tees, wvhere the show was lIncited there was a quick sale, at en enhancement of Is to is, per quarter. On Titursaday there was a little slackness to the markets, and trade -was very much at a Standstill; and on F'riday the trade was heavy and drooping at the principal market-Wakefield. Ire the majority of calesi the supplies hare been liberal for the seasn, the -growers evidently being meire -willing to dispose of their stocks than they wiere a week or twro Age; but at almost every market the condition of the grain has been indifferent and in some eases very bad. As fareas regards political feeling in the trade, everybodly seems disPosed to await the result of the approaching conferences and the business of the week: has en that account been elelefly of a retail ohsranter. Priicesbhave rangued from about Ol2stois, .per quart~er. The trade in other dezcriptions of groiun has been for the most part inanimate. Barley has in several instances declined Ise to is. per quarter, the trade boing, however, almost neminal Przices 35e, to tie. Per quarter, In beausvery littlehas been done; thiereports generally represent the torso of the trade as lanugrad, and prices lIcve been without alteration, except where sales have been pressed, and then a reduction of Is. to is. per quarter has taken place P~rices 4fs, to lis, Oats have presented a similar dull aspect, and have declined 6d. to Is. at several markets derring the -wee'k. Prices 22a. to l2e, Pea nominally as before. Flour underewent a slight reebaction at the beginning of the -Week, b)ut the depressien has since been fully recovered. At our market this morning we had an unceTmonnly good supply of wheat for the season of the year; indeed we have lead an abundance of samples regularly every week since tlre'snbmlssion of Rlussia was announced, and there Would seem to be plenty more to come, judging from the Activity of the flail and the thrasher in the face of fluctuating markets. The condition of all the samples shown this momning was mnore or less indifferent, it being doubtful whetlrer there was a single parce. fit to grtin without old wheat. The attendance of buyer was good,. i-,cludingz many from the manufacturing towns on the west side mParket the trade was both limited and dull; a good many samDpe3 would have changed hands a' Lat week's rates, but these purchasers were not wling to give, and seLlers being pretty stiff below that eoncession oly a very moderato number of parcels changed bands. hiefy at areduetioxfo fllny Ed.perload(ls. 4. per quarter) onlastweelfsrates. Theshwoofbarlsywas liberal, but fine qualities wore scrceo and quitea3 dear sbefere, rather moresoinoncortwoicas; inferior sortswrere easy topurcase atIs. reduction, Beans met a scle inquiry, andeouldonly be disposed of at a decline of 6d. to Is pEr load (Is. 4d, to 2a. 9d. per quarter). Oats were in improved request at the rtes oz last week. The foUowing are . our quotations to-day '-New wheat, 23 to 2i., per loed of threo imperial bushels; fine, 29s. to 3os.; ol wheat, 27le to29s.; fne, 30s. to 31s. blendzom, lie. to ML -. rye, 17, to Ifs,; new beans, iC6 to 17. ; fne, Ise,; old bean, Igo. to 1 ; gray peas16s. tol7s.; whiie peas, 15. to 17. new oats, 2h to 27xs per quarter; fin, 26e to 30s.; old 0ots, 2li. to 3is; tae, 32a to 3:h ; grinding barley. 3Ss. to 3iS.; maMig barley, lie, to 0l. ; fine, 41L to 42.. Official averages since this day week:-Wheat 756Ss. ; bLrty, 40L 5t ; eats, tie. Id.; rye, 463. 3d. ; beans, II s& . WOIRCESTER, Fan. 16. ' Tefneness of tho weather to-day brougght a good attendaneo of fareresto mar'ket, and the firmnens of the trade at Mark-lane had the ffect of inding then to ask rather higher prices thanI ist woek. - Eolulttitowheat fetchedl 13 44. to is. lId, adrerdsc , 1e s mnaltungbarley, 4g. 4d. to 4s. 6d., and distiling, 4s. to 4s. 4d.; now English beans, c . 3d. to 63 d, and old, fs. Gd. to Gs. Sd. Per bushel. Elglish ofts, 4g. to 4s. Gd. per 391b.; and Irish, 3s. 9. to 4g. 3d; peas, 6. to Ga. 4d. for whlte, and 5s. 6d. to 6s. for gray; vetches, Ss. 6d. to 9s. M per bushel. Last Worcester averages:-Wheat, £3 1s Ild. per quarter ;brey, £116s. 10d.; beans, £2 Ss. Sa.; andpeas, £1I2s. 21, GLDCESTER, Fn 16. We have bad no fresh arrivals of 'wheat in Gloccater from abmad, the only rceeipts of grain being a eargo of 4,463 ardebs of beans from Alexandria. The market was well attended to-day, and an advance tookplaoc inths price of wheat ot fully Is. per quarter; Jliouralso advanced, 553. Per sak being the current price. Our quotations to day erc as folloW :-Elnglishwhite wheat, 6COg to S2s. per quarter and red, g.' ?± , 9 P* I o Danube, 7v to 8Oss; brala, 6Ls. to Ms.; and Spanish, 70s. to ig. por 4M4, (lodA rnaltjn barley, 35s. to S7r. rer quarter, and trinding, 32L to 3is. *ihk. 33g.to 34g.; foreign, 29rl to30; . Irosh eats, 26;. to 27s. per 3121b.; anidlr 22 M to 26& ; foreign, weighing 391b. to 421b., 23S. to 30a.; peas, 52 _45 ger quarter for breakers, and 43s. to 44g for grinders. English lned cake, l, to l dlOs. per ton. Last Glocester averge of wheat, £3 11: Gd. lie quarter, have Theo ra¢hbouring mnarkets av all beenl ftrm At Cheltenbam y.sterday w,eat was worth abou0t d per quarter more money, and at Tewiseshney' ont Wednesday an advance of Is. per quarter took place. Atthat market olJl wheat fetched Os. C. to 9s- id., and new 8& to g.' perlbnshel; maltig barley 4g. 3d. to 4s. 6d., and grinding 3s. 9d. t is. English oats 3b k to 4B., and Irish 3s 3d. to s. %d per bushel; English beans 5s. to a_., and foreign 4g 9d. to Se. 6d.; boiling peas *h., and hog 5s. 6d. to 6L Per bushel. At Stlw-en-the-Wold the average prices of wheat was ;~ 1ii. 6d. per quater ; and of barley £1 3L. Od. per quarter. NIORWICH, ,, 16. The weather ha been sesonable durinb the wock, and to-day is fty aud fine. The tone of the local markets has been flyner this week for tho best sample of wheat, though inferior deseriptloro have scarcely eommanded so much money. Barley, beans, and oats tive Still a doawnward tendency, but the decline has not exceededIs. tcp25- per quarter. The Suffolk markets generally present the same featuets; at Sto,w market on Thursday there wa an advance of la_ to 2h per quarter. Here, to-da, under the influence of the firmer advies from Mast. lane, there was a better demand for wheAat an advance of Is. per quarter; tho best samples of white realied 79s., and in some instances EOs. per quarter, Barley, on the other band, was dull at about late rates; in other corn little doing. Prices:-Wheat, white (weIghing 621b. to 631b.), 75s. to 79g.; dItto, red (weighing 601b. to 63b.), 70o to 7fis.; barley, mealting (weilghing 521b. to 531b.), 36e. to 40gs.; ditto, distilling (weighing 501b. to 5i jlb.), 31s. to 35g.; oats,3Z0a to 33 per q ter. Latest Averages.-Wheat, 2,2274 quartere, 71s. 8d.; barley, 6,779j quarters, 3Ss. 3d.; beans, 41 quarters, So&. Sd,; peas, 20 qaar_ ters, 41gsd. - COLCHESTER, Era, 16. The trade to-day for wheat has been, as throughout the disftict at the latter part of the week, of a more firm and active character. The weather has effected an improvement of the samples, and the millers buy more freely. Last week's quotations have therefore been fully maintained, and for the best parcels is. moro was given, White wheat, Us. to eSs.; red, 6 to 73s. Fine qualties ofbarleY eyU freely, but in regard to other descriptions of grain there is no alteration. Yesterday. at Chehnsford, business commenced rather actively at the rates of lastweek. but, after a time, the ready purchases of the milies to replenishtheir stocks, which had nrm rather low, produced n ad vanceofIs-to2g. Per Quarter. A fair clearance was effected at this improvement. White wheat, 62s. to 76G.; red, 5Ss. to 72s.; barloy, the best samples of which were freely taken off, 25. to 3I4g; chevalier, 3Os. to 37s.; malt, 70s. to 74M; tick beans, 35s to 33s. BEADING, FEB. 16. In the past weelk the veatherhas been wet and stormy, but still the temperature has been high, ranging on an average from 53' to Si. On Tuesday night there was a heavy storm of wind and rain, and on Thursday hail fell. In consequence oftthe continued rain for three days the rivers LAOddon, Kermet, and Thames have rapidly risen, and a considerable breadth of grassland is now amder water. The Com Exchange to-day was well supplied with wheat, but we noticed that the show of prime ai dryloas was verys¢anty. The panic in tho trade, while it laIatL, made mealmen buy sparingly, and, now that their storks are reduced, theY are compelled to be moro froe in their purchases, and to that vwas owing the improved demand made for all that was dry and ready for imTnediate use. It vwas only the picked samples that were sought after in the fiust instane, and thebecag,eme evincedledfarmersto stand firm, andtheyreadilyobtainedanadvancs ofls.perquarter. At-e,bsequentpastel the daytrade stilfCother improved, and as nucli as 2s. per qUarter abovo the rates of this day vere vwithout difficulty obtained. The secondary parcels of whent were damp and in bad condition, so much so that the trads for them ruled extremely heavy at the late currencies. The prices realized were:-whitc wheat, 56s. to 82s. ; fine old ditto, S5s. to 83; redditto. 60s. to 76s. ; fine nursery, MSs. per quarter. The market for barley appeared large, stiU the malting qualities were rather limited in number of parcels ; the demand was again active. and an attempt to obtain bigher figures made, but it did not succeed. W hen holders were content to accept the full terms of last week, a clearance wvas readily effected by the maltster. For the qualities fit for distilling audgrinding Purpeses the inqauiry was fully as good as of latrbut stiU, to sell, prices gave way about 23. Per quarter. Even then, all could not be sold. 11ialting barley fetched 3Ss. to 42s.; distilling, 34g. to 37s.; and grindng, 27s. to 32s. Of oats there was an abuandance on offer, and but for the factof there being a demnand for seed, the trade vwould have been aimost neglected. The Price for this artide still ums high, and none wilt buy unless circumnstances compel them; hence it was that much remained unsold, and where any passed into other hands it vas at a reductionof Is.to°s Pcr quarter. The terresfor old eats were2ts to lOg., and for neow 16s. to 25s. per quarter. The stands for beans were well fiUld, and there were many remarkably fine samples. The Peculiar state into which trade has lately got by the probability of peace being established made dealers reluctant to buy, the figtures exceeding the average of very many years; therefore the article was almost neglected. All sorts must be quoted ashaving declined about ls. to 2s. per quarter. Or fiures are-old beams, En, liii,, 47;c. to SCo.- X} ltto, am. to Ceo.; xe535n,,, vi,t, 055.0( to sug; spit, 29s. to 30s. per quarter. Peas ace still tavishly pushed into the market notwithstanding the dulness in trade for several weeks past. The sales made were very slow, and tenws were easier to the buyer to the extent of Is. per quarter. Oar qiuotations must be:-White boilifg peas, 423. to 46s ; grey ditto, 3is. to 41s.; sample ditto, 43s. andl 44s. per qunrtar. 3uring the week the market for flour has raled very quiet, ant no difference has occured in prices, which arefor honseholds, 53s.; and seconds, 54s. per sack of 2501b. That the corn trade has recovered from its depssdon is shown in the eturn of the Inland Revenue-office, for there wore at the last market ,408 quarters of wheat sold for £5,372, or an average of 6o. 3d. psr tuarter. TherewereS9l7 quarters of barleysold for£1,6°13s.6L,anl the average was S l1_1d. Bread is sellin in the town at 7d. to 8ld per 41b. loaf, being from ld. to 2dL per loat cheaper than a fortnui,,t ago. DUBINV, FEn. 15. There was scarcely any alteration in the prices of Tuiesday at our corn-marketto-day. The best qualities of wvheat may, perhaps, b3 toted Gd. dearer; oats and barley moved off slowly at that days currencies. But little doing in Indian corn, and we do not alter our lawe quotations.
TarE Jsws' HosrsrA.-The 50th anniversary of the Jews' Hospital, in Mile-end-road,was, on Thursday, celebrated in a very distinguished manner at the City of London Tavern the Right Hon. the Lord Mayor in the chair. As the istitution was the first connected with the Jewish communityoverwhichlhis Lordshiphadpresidedsince his appointment to the office of Lord Alayor, great efforts had been made by the most influential members to proportion the company in numbers and respectability to the importance of the occasion, and 2-6 gentlemen sat down to a splendid entertainment, comprehending all the leading members of the Jewish community in England, and many of the oldest and most respected commercial men of the city of London, who desired, in commoonwith their Jewish fellow citizens, to do honour to the first Jewish Lord Mayor. After the usual loyal toasts had been drunk, the very Rev. Dr. Adler, the Chief Rabbi, took occasion to relate an historical fact of an interesting nature, connected with the mecting. It was to the effect that at the end of the rear 1656 MIanasseh Ben Israel presented a petition to the Protector, beseeching the geat Oliver Cromwell to reconsider the edict of Edward IL, by which the Jews bad been banished for ever from the conntry ; and, notwithstanding the existence of the turbulent spirit of the time, that petition was referred to the Chief Justice of England, the Lord Mayor, and other persons of high consideration, and its prayer was eventually granted. (Cheers.) It was rather singular that in February, 1W65, exactly 200 years ago, the cruelly persecuted and oppressed body were readmitted into this prosperous and happy land. He considered it as a singular and providential coincidence that at the very tiime the city should have for its chief magistrate a gentleman, the first of the religion he professed, who held the exalted position to which he had been advanced mith the unanimous consent and approbation of the citizens of L ononn, after such a struggle through bitter and conflicting vicissitudes and op. pressions. (Cheers.) The "health of the Lord Mayor" hlaving been proposed by Sir Anthony Rothschild, Dart. received with such seclainations as have not been often heard even within the social limits of the London Tavernan undeniable testimony to the admiration and respect iu vhich his lordship is held. The "corporation of London" vas responded to by Mr. B. S. Philips, the firstJewadmitted to that court fromwhichthe intolerant spit, exceptin afew wretched instances, has been since completely bamshed. He tooktheopportunitytostatethatthecorporationweredesirous by every means in their power to promote the moral, social and Political interests of their fellow-citizens, irrespective e f creedor colour. The unanimous election of hrPavid Salomon to the mayoralty was, he declared, a triumph in which every Jew in the civilized world participated, and " Howe'er the past deserved or blame or praise, thiswas a triumph of our later days." (Cheers.) Upwards of 1,7701. were collected in the room, and the greatest enthusiasm prevailed through the whole of the animated scene. Tis great instituion, which seeks to confer the blessings of education upon the indigent branches of the Jews, and to offer a home to destitne old age, was founded about 50 years ago by the benevolent of those days; and the Lord Mayor, in an admirable addres, described its advantages and te remarkable exertions of those who baa watched its progress and promoted its great objects. Among the benefits it conferred was that of instructing the young in various trades, a privilege which hd, together with otherimportant benefits, been denied to thepeople who were now contemplated with more generons sentiments and sheltered in the great commuty of British subjects. The conmpany were degted with thehealthy and vivacious appearance of the children, one of whom recited an ode written by Mr. Sapon Samuel, to whose efforts the institution is deeply indebted. Thest grateful thanks were returned in the name of the-institution, by tho Lord Mayor, to 31r. Henry Faudell; for his uceasng axertions, and for the zeal and activity with whichth invaluable improvements had been effected throngha't the institution. F3ns PutatO LBRARY AMD M rsxv AT E3MwEssEzD.-At a meeting of the ratepayers, o thii tawrt. ship on Saturday evening, Mr. JoLard, iashipbuilder. p residing, it was resolved unanimouesI5,4o apply the Poblio Ub2rariews Act of 1855 to the towndp.
THE LOSS OF fpT JOSEPHINE WILLIS. On Saturday molngtheoffio'al inquiry into the loss of the Josephine Willis was restnmeA' before.3r. Yardley, the maglstrmto of the Thmes -offce, and Cap ta Tmin Robertson, representing the Board of .,-sde, at the Town. haLl,PoD1ar. - nro tallantine was again present as co el fwthr iri ewneourd ofth Mangerton, as was also Mr. Parry, .vn . Talfo'd Salter, for those of the Josephine Willis. the The most material witness examined in the course ote daywas Peter Patterson, boatswain, acting second mate or thc Mangerten, and who had the actual charge of that vessel when the collision took pbce. He deposed that lie had heen 18 years at sea, 14 of which hie had heess an ablehodied seaman, employed mostly in sailing vessels in. the Xorth .nercand west Indian trade. On the niht of the col- eajp;aon' Watch, and witness keept thewatch wt h eW heeher the captain went below for a short _in. witness had h3arge. After passing Dan enees the isptan, aconui,nued by tho irst tate, went elov: and charged him t p ^ 5d lookout. Shortly after that the muan on the lookou. a,t tho foropgia of the'esel called out "Lightra-head." He then saw j ltThilhletookto be tlht of the South Porelael, bat; which _iiffia out to Ig that of the Josephine Willis. It was a whfhi Isgt, about a point and a-haf on their port boW. He gave no order on seeing the light, but continued to watch it. He could not zaake it out to be approaching the steamner. He lost the light shortly afterwards;, and then sung out "port"to the aan at the wheeL The heln was ported and the ship answered. Ho never saw a light ain before the collision. After the helm wasd orted the looo uat uan reported "Ta ship on the port-bow, and wites immediate y ordered the helm to be but "port again, and then " hard-a-port." When the bela was -put "port" asecond thue, the ship wasf ron half-a-mile toba mBy from them, and after it was put ` scr&a-porst he could see sheisp luffacrosstheirb hws. wy Captain XaablrtsoneaHe had been four or y-e yea"s a boatswain in a merchant ship huit had niever ha-. entiro chasge of a watch himself on board a steamer. He ap , a waman, but had never passed any examinationg. Won he had been assisting ata watch with the captain, and walisie the captain was down belowt, he hLd been in the habih of acting for himself, and not Gf callin up the captain. When. he first saw the light he thoaght it was that of the Southi Forelaid. About four miinuters elapsed after seeing thelight and first porting the helm, and about eight sinnuteo between the time of seeing the ltht first to the time of the collision. After the coasion orders were given by the captain to stop and back the engines and to get out the beats. All the four boats were then on boand the steamer, with the tackles hooked oha They were in the habit of carrying their boats on board'the Mangertonh Supposing a mfan ha fallien toveoard and the seip was steaming eightn anile thour mawith five en onboard, which was the number Softhe rew,they could have got one of the hofts .outsforhise assista in four miinutes. They had also life- By Mr.ss Parid, -H had hp wad chatg alof a -watch inna sailing shiwedabrithout anytsuperior oter over him. He swore beloreghetcoronersatl)eal, to the best of his belef, that the m a n on r a th e d f o r~ th a t r d "a lightio n o n o p t hc p ort b ow ," landntn"3alight ahead.'The light, ahed migh able alittl fo n the ap or t h4w0 Hea , w pou d thav e o rt e d t h e h e h atfirst if wahaeelowf the linghrt belongead ato ah vessel Sposin thel lookout.a had reported loingh down tesabeoard hatownho would have kept his course, andthe there mould have beein By Captain Ilobertson.-1f the light had been about four cmints on the starboard bowheo would have kept his course, iort tenl t t or a point and a-ialf on the starboard atoalt he saul thve starboarded his helm a little. Edward Ryan, an able seamtan for nearly 20 years, said he was one of the crew of the Man-erton in thle captain's watch on thde night in question, and was standing on the bridge with the laist waitness when the captain was down below. Hle could seec Dungeness light a-head at the timne the light was reported b the man at the forecastle. The man sung out a t oni the port bow." He would swear he said that. Te lighit w%as seen abaut a po3int and n-half on the port howr. He lost sight of the light, and t fen the last witness ordered the helm to be ported. The linht was 'een again, and then he saw itsi re- Iection onthe e ofthip's canvas and also the hull of the shp hentio h oight ws rported a sec time Patterson (t lSthwitness)gA tohev torder"Port"fiagain oand then " Hard a port" and"Stop er." hen th shipwas firist seen she as bouthal a mle ff, nd henthe order "Har a-ort wasgivn, he ws aouta-quarter of a By Captain Rodlertson.-.o coldd not explain why he, standing on the bridge, did not see the light a-head before the man on the forecastle, except that when on the bridge he was obliged to keep a lookout behind as wer as a-heado (a laut ) awhile the man on the forecastle was reiuired only tonduct ao-ad.bo he lthoug lndswb-ed, which turned out theh Jspidentall w a briget liglit. Cain t obertsontold wits thant te ltep rn of the hosephinilisw a brigiht, a green, anl a redef lhtand ased Im toex why he saw only a bright lightC?witnes si his onowas that a lantemw so constructed only sh bright lighty and that each one of the three light baid the other. 31r. Plarry said that iwas a question of o ptics Pantrick Mahoney, a Shannon pilot, annd an able seaman for nearly 40 years, depsosed that he had charge of the wheel of the Mangerton.before and at the time of the eellision. The captain, before going down below, cautioneEd him to obeydthe rdr idL,~ '-~ - whichlie h ii e could net hea te man on the lookout at the forecastle, hut the mian on the bridge passed the orders of the mnan on the forecastle to him. The order was g-iven first to port, then to port again, and then "hard a-prt ;` all which he dlid promptly. Before there was any order given to part at all he saw the light himself about a point or a point anda a-half on the port bow. The light afterwards disappeared, and he never saw it again. 'Kien the order was given to put the helm bard a-port the captain ran up fromn the cabin and immaediately ordered the en"i-ne to be stopped, andl the first mate camne to assist him at tie wheel. This concluded the evidence on the part of the Board of T'radle. Mr. Yardley said, before closing, the investig-ation he wished to have one of thxe men belonging to the luigges examined at the next meeting, and the inquiry was adjourned till Tuesday at the Thames Police Court. In the course of the day M1r. O'Dowd, on the part of the Board of Trade, applied, under sertion 238$ of the Mierchant Shipping Act, to have the certificate of the captain of the Mangerton delivered up. He added that hie pronounced no opinion upon the captain. All that was necessry for him to say was that his conduct hiadibeen called in question. Mir. Yardley said he entertained a very strong opinionL that at present they were niot formally investigating the conduct of anybody, although undouibtedily the conduct of parsti'esad incidentaly come into question. He did not thin h Legislature could have mieant to deprive a maau of his certificate -withbout his ha-ving an opportity of defending himsielf. If they dlid, it -wouald be contrary to all the principles of equity and justice. He would not, however, come at present to any conclusion upon the application. H mecrely said that it was inopportune.
ENCOURAGEMEENT TO IN YEIYTOMS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Observig in the month of April Last the very dilatory and expeasive manner in which troops, horse;, and stores were conveyed to vessels lying in the river, I wrote to thie Board of Ordnance, to be allowved to lay before them my plans, whereby a great savig of time and money might be effected. The Board at once requested that my plans should be forwarded, after which they were sent to the Royal Arsenal for inspection and report of the select committee. A meeting was convened, and the merits of my invention fairly discussed and a report forwarded to the proper quarter. Not hearing anvthing from the Board, and being informed that the business of that Board was now transferred to the War Department, I then wrote a letter to Lord Panmure, detailing the advantages which would be derived to the country by the adoption of my lans; in reply to which the subjoined is a copy of his Lordship's letter:- ' " War Department, July 2, 1855. "Sir,-I am directed to convey to you Lord Panmure's thans for your communication of the 29th of Play, and to acqnaint you that the inquiries which have been made satisfy his Lordship that a structure such as thatwhich von recommendvwould be highly useful, and that the sabject 'will receive his lordship's further attention. "1 am, Sir, your obedient servant, "I G C. MUNDY. " Mr. W. Gosling, 4, Edward-street, Woolwich." On receipt of this letter I naturally concluded that I should be shortly called upon to carry out the plans which I had submitted, and, therefore, decled several contracts which were offered me, in order that I might be better able to execute these works; but, to my astonishment, shortly after receiving his Lordship's letter, I found -vorkmen were employed in constracting a pier similar to that which I proposed. 1lhave since that time 'written several letters to his lordship, pointing out the unfairness of others being employed in carrying out these works, which in justice should have been given to mie; but his Lordship has not only refused compensating me for my plans and loss of time in attending several appointments made by the committee, but bas stated, in a letter 'which I received from his Lordship, that my planhs were not approved of, whereas they are being earnod ouXt 'with a tfig deviation, while many thousand pounds annually 'will be saved by their adoption. I amn. Sir. yourT obedie.nt servant Feb. 16. W.IGOSLNlEG, 4, Edwnrd-street, Woolwich.
THE LATELosrr BAGoT.-Lord Bagot, who died at his seat, Blythfield, near Rugeley, St ifordshire, oniL Taesday last, the 12th inst., at the ripe age of 82 Na the, eldest son of the first Lord Baggot by a. daughter of the second Viscount Bolingbroke, and was bor in 1773. Re1 suceeded to hlis father's title in 1798, -when be vas stl a k izo,fourth daughiter of the fist Lor& SouthamCton,who died in GO.C Arferremaining a widower about st years, in 1807 he marriev Lady Louisa Legge, eiaest I daugPhter of the thwird Earl of Dartmouth, but wa again. left a widower in 1816. The de tsed haid,no issuoeby his former marriage, but by his secondife o ft three sins and three daughters. lisa eldest son, Vallma,su now third Lord agt was born in 181, narried in 11 the Ron. dLicia Agar Elis, idster of Viswcount olfe &n; and re, sented the county of Denbih in Parliament, in ihe -o servative intere-st, from I88 to 1852. The late peer, 'We: t believe, never sat in the Rouse of Co?nons, though his Ifather represeited StafEordre for nely -30 r to his elevation to the perg n18.The laeihtoni. .St. Petersburg, and Envoy ExtaordinarY, and Mns Plenipotentiary to tbAsUaiid 'SWaes)and. t'he late ThhoP of Bath a-ad Well were brothers of the: - leoased zioblenisn. .who; though heber took an-active or proumineut part in oltical .fo npwa'rds of half a centr suported the, discipe of he E von ind Cathereagl schol f olicins the Ilistorical-Soet,ndwsretdn rr.yD~. Of tluq lvesy fOfrii
I KPQR2EN Y XOTICES. I HOUSE OF LORDS. 3fMnOnIA TP. IR orP^bTh . _ - j Oii tlRedeede. On0Atomteilj,brenball bereadasecond time after Tuesdayth (,ofjlnet Thatno blll wuimn Y .th hdy Jlne or Inthony m,-ousinl ouer of the roand of Hejth oau rbebamgau~coreo,lads,under 8peeia report .Of the En- Islosme CounisEioners for ngland arelWe orl orconfrmtog any scheme of the Charity COMMissine rsfr Egm orfoconiesn6alb radX tasebcondtiine 'erT y, thcl5thdayorJulyzexz these order shall not apply to AnYnew bil snte-sth a sen of Commosmwhichthe Cheirmau of COwnnsenotr repor theHouso - 'teubstanteily the some as the-bill dicm orthe telvons, 1.o qEmertantssof theT Ix tnhsetttemertni iDntO pore =,rmwg2, SU°F 'fltO the;r trade from- pira .i , tntof Hi7e,ray §hSes'X7Nla5O<* { -? The,drese t t h e LI,7ds Com tntaN5 o,' the Adinizety. On the aibje::C b bei IDio.- ... Trial of ofrencesllil -nnaYiae 100i re-commiitment). Viscount DoancRno;;.4 MO e fit eun the sall lsountis hil, have qualified to act as justces ofe iTi5eaenteseelcOtesa Eei"lnd and Wales; also retmur of its. nuber Of petty senuiona didalons in ,asch couty, the number of *k551bSt COWprs in e$.gl divison, end the Suumber of pgsr-t3san. 'cintflt iein,* Vice-Pmeident, of Comm gittee of usuac)."etnBUL,--com. mitteeomite f onclonn, .apuse of Conngona Offices BIfl-Committce. Metropolitan Police BlliI.-Committec. Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill,-CGomm1ttce onTh:s2 y the 21st of Februnap. Lord Broogham and Vauxz-To move a rcFoiution on lir snxbeo of judicial statis-tics (Friday, the ld of tecbraary). flOUSE OF COMM2IONS, 3ec-DAY, Es91t 13. C'urt ofCrha 0 ODX55 or THE )W Cor o haer (Ireland) Billl-Secoud rcssdinyg. Courts of cDw.:;q Losw (irrland) Bifl,.secco2dreadiisg. Juries (Ireland ltill-.Second rading. Prisons (Imrlarn Seon rss'ilug. Drainage Advanesa Acts Amendmeent 13f11,-Secoo?4- shadlng4 Turnp i ke Tr-oss A edgerecisets 31, il-Scrond reae.L-,jOsnunons EralosureleiilSecofdireading. Supply.-Rleport. Supply,-Conunittee. CtseofuLrds Chfnlut sIe&~land n agrGIrslcienj Etati-eondead Cort.of Cancery a threland)(ier-edre( MI(-Seor Wzrwcythcl o- ffcou3~rtof Chncedry GIeand Eerae.l Sirv;ilI forpndsreaiong,rdh~ Corgtiid ofervacesri tIrelattdc of-stthes)eano thll-eeiondrteaflgbm' aLudedngtoin,'he "asz thero Vie~tslcntof 84 ltard:5 of Tont Ye en ul-bd n hether it is the intentioni of4teGvvtsn olPiie bll frethdy oIStAse ofLordsa to pat seibcota donu agiiuttstts' i Mr. ]tagrt,-To ainqieo the tnder-&.:ev'tavy.for Wrsrvhythelisttoer anyguimeaservies in the aotempck tonth lia ofnt Gerthr.tt sforpthe'her,cen arluded tofi the Stafefe of thcdBrtioh _4~y oentolaralsg5it asha yiet ee-usfteblished and aoethe intelis ths'iu..rktdutmoo ofrIh Sbatret-,y ceive their appciatments on the groxiod of mnesi only. Sir J. Shelley.-Aeldress for copies of al eoar4.,uaitxderc* anC.lrttdrns relatin,g to tisettoyal Foree'ta (in coDntinuLationI C Pisiiiameotax- ISPp6r' No. Si of sesSusinS54). Mr. Fagan,-Ieturns of t'he number of tierc~"bd lbarrels et salh be-f and of salt pock advertised for by the LosiVemmissionm-s of tha- Admiralty, andt tendered for in October. 1t52Il diistinpuishing txo~ quantity to he delis-seed respectively at Deptford 4OsliOrt, Plymourth.- and ltaulboline; Of the nuniber of such tierc-es and banrels tendered socr, and of ther' -number so tendered -=epted, distinguishing the ne. fib6etendered for* and arceepted in the name or on behalf of the pro;T476fe merchantas rearectively of Cock; Limericl, Belfast, Dublin, anid ctller titles, in Ire- ln;ofte L ndon,bierpofl Glasgow, anandotheof citeef Enln d _r eonSeslned; ofespaetuely nted of the Uittnited States ofn aflirm~statnspec tike fotrnst rbsei ctoring the contract, take fin o Heer Ialestyser vice. ristinguishrpcing the cootenetfsuc taldeenatin onrus. Sftatenment o thconthlne aenere aof sbseqefnd parton staetfngtli daeaport,uc PiyLnuth.ond lanlbointureuspigte ctiselyof ond~te'datisof thder aboe diffetentt theadcem stationg hae of the deieiec unlliecc co-a whretheticondftemainuoteaoftieme ordbau tofkee pace is cn (f the quristitcy of beraciofporkrei,edi yarecsl onm aethne cntiuon for nthbeing cofliorXto Deptfat,ord Gi or Her, Plrajustys aervaie.disDineuishng the cuantiey of tuhe rondenaiorms re-eddrl Ofic wee nodumbs-atcondemunt on any subsequent inspection, ta-gti daeof such W.isnspehction, n,dustinorshngyh subsequntinfctondewerei conderrtheiditncrnhedl rspesctingy,statenmeo the aues ftunih sjotrd dhereathen uondenrnthidi-enofeshteade or borltokpae Of the quantity of beef andf pork reieired aiet 1alyoi from thecto- tvier. weecnendaah-fa raysh un fastiecti any Ofteqatt o rvsbsrcevda opr and Plymouth~ fro th cld ontacoesiniretlythoug Halblin: heauaontity condened t eah yar resectiely, tatig th ucaus. ofsChondemnation under theic differenn honda Oftequantity of saleefad perkvsin madeupv lat ylearhbythe fom Otbier 1a1.to Odtoferent1854Ui, dislieg:ishiiggtheeiruantitheliecoditdo thoncwer fomndthato pxrst sodr antysbyeueth isupertiontedn, the Ener sttof ther averbagerics fondunid-qthe Huprintjendety'evo, and theaerg cont met prices tfor uc dliees:edsangalote ubr tier. sto arrelsn sof deierdwicerle condemnhedft. a int.91inx subd equstrectiLfon, cskproiyin-th-cons sofe suth condemnatiomn:er t1ra Siolngat Addtie,s inr respect tromthie poisosudeivteeduthere laUst Ofthelinburuclions Liven Glgo. Roburseeno insertor Patsley,lbanln aseeto thepashoing cnemaion oseparaevisoluns, texaminfedyhm ofl -h tha island 'drnthmnlstcome,15. nlna eturns Gofd teqand ityoer atcedovs: 2nsurthalesogld Iriandl lshve yea byas thcovpernmentd sttigther qutansAtitylofsuc sof eIsand condemthned on aINUcet uorn ubseariuesnf thinspesctipiononsIhr no. cLOn emnTioutfeahook tlaese artdclspreiofeigb the assoflsch. candsnow-- in,in sepqantit ofumsalted Hovwsnmranyeuplatveare byo thenGoern paentarteoikerentHo mtallngyarwred fro dtatlgemhincost,tecondition theys wer foun inm reonvthat for m subsern inar etion, ,.The numabero Of atirees ndibarrels foud uns fbove- Herre Majhest service, and sthlen buesyofd suhe uity .ness: r h onh fDcmbr 95 n Jarrnd, S6 attmnd taigtentbr of theoemsodo n ea rofwter vitallnd . t - An, romSthe mg.agiostateforfrturn frovLtme prntcandeutson poltOf acetnces g and Lytenit, Glasgow. Dwonde. t Aberdeen,o Pasley, and 1second-lGold socnd silver wtchoUes A.cAtice of gold6t and sto ilveria pla43. Aurticleeac of thewyeby 4.m Artice of blated goods: y.eArtsicle oflhdes, coper Oflpiatind othecrietaces0 Aticesdfbytemd endbohy clothng .r Semiere-dlraeosarils ooetrsf orther lescfreptions. IIr the nmbetrofoia eatrch, ofin theeoces recoveredlby thed poice,ands showicng,s insearae olumens ren-e in0 canyeuec remiconerdufree iene Ofate brokers2 Hof manychorecoverednfrees cdealer in scondBhand goods:e re.salowfmanyrne overedenew other partices: .h nube of thes e artce not yerecov terede; f plctin o nwle Siyond theycit hounds duringe the i oenthsof Dhecpember. 18n5.iend Januaofy.h1816;landastilingCthe numbefoofEthosedrecoveredtandGilsosm An,fro the mc 3haud istrae of Vithna,ebabove-mentioned towns Act tof amcende iudbtheAsrltng. tor byhany twomms"i of them,t rkr ort dsee ind secnd-hand impoodsmende h oieAt of thescoth and C 7ulrEthte of Victrga 1843' aduringtecho the yesa fromnc84of futoe 18ntinboth thes ylarst c- clude;2 Of aopications tor shurch Bllange refunsedo byithemdrn the Ece same period, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ofth wr lireces avenot een eneed i coueu rneeufrmsconduct av Ofith Elnumberry,ofopoylousctNoeso praetlycoed Inin coneqiaurac of the3 refus-alno agit rlates -toree the inhertnceso: U Nvbo And, ye~ear y eaur.;of the anumber of appreceipts fornew llceunc-~ Sirt by Gth.-elcprti comrttese to iquirmaintaiin the prsnconstiotion of th tccesiastical Commissi!on forEnied ito the o-tetperaiod t amend the sacts rlatbeng to tat Coundistsion."end o the sact 1uhnde 1dhiffrn Vicora, cap.I u191, entitld "Aru Attofy taete aae Ofstandlmpnysorovem bdeento psoa ndur Crapenistu ur Ettesei England;y"o and int ofthe expdin of feorgleer. co 9 ntinuon the ls act,o Mr. W otf Gord,-Iteturn3 o of thanmbe ofIE miltar thedrtcz of intereS awlihothavrceedd o thD%edEastasincethcommenem=entafstee war statingdtheca number wohav apearedtp onl athessick retais, who ha died, or who have been luvalidedorohe And,sinalarretun anto he cvil ug and mpoytedb thea War-h oflice. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~fM%i Sir Erlie erc.p. o actlaho.h1s of:-3i theqn! ondan frLeVisaur atof 1d1 euciongn atorelting wth the inheriacsfteNwbo mebr. Gofge.therHouse of theaccoumnts fa; rcit n ibre monitabyethemcoporthdion or rsring candomausintiine heprto Aducol, fromfahliTesurdy of Dteebr and tOrther laespetin'periodmt uaionc thelownicehs bend madcin ic upheditigshingy the Agsame und difeen heads,l Mi an unde whatn i atethority nite nIUbi 'rs cxof all mneys J boroe P hydinoebentuG.rey,ce otherisuner. the auor-Ad thorityef i alrMli of. thel 26theo Getorg yGeerII .1.and ofthe aocit of- tie 3,1o Georga -etur.035 orf ayoleat the raeandates of interest aet which thersona es bemorrowd;lha pngarteo the sopernubeenrarids off:andtmn rddrsi the vanamutofitrestpaybl Gonerthent officst debt or -det (iny cornmintaio of Parliamentaryo papem a. in cofnesinons 181;1oy 1nt orfie yean183 and uo, 271 te at of saysionn1855t: Ad staemens . of p met n the surplusrecit aofve dsum ns ofosr the of yearb pending ton theo Ist day of Deember.a 1855: andpctiofy the toalturple on te abovmen det-,ailed)o thne applicatinoinessent n of suchrt asutoltoo endfhe lats thderebof,ado theye plvidendseeie the refr fayom (in% CIst.y ofinebatinoaryIaMentary paper o o. 2ale of pessionen 18e551. loe inthe Marqui ofie to wnifoes,-To esonistee the melectrCommittehe en. the Formatio.-Adde,, fofPrise -iilof the earenisof isndored.u(e tTie - Acut 6libringIRLon, Mr.tByag. cha. E0. " furtn.er. Go Butt. r. Glad. tombpte ulorum:h powtier of secndafrterons,fo paprs,int'reordsag. o Tr. oich,renoen of the redctos n of the loIsr einte:rncae of altien and Wvemolumnso tha havces ntoenplaed since there IS. ofJanuary. 121. crease took placeh - boks,&c~ t Sim.'a rCoi 'or Il utpoitlal ffiesas rcusuall hcld t bjmqo
THE CLA 2Ox-BuRw E TuEAT-The fToaWing' is the first article of the Clayton-lxlwer reay. in theproper interpretation of which a diiArence eMsb=betweer. our Government and that of iaa. Ulrited- States:"Article 3. Neither oartY will ev ibtain oV maintairn for itself any exclusive control ,cr. the .ontcmplated canl Neither will ever erect or.`mnt. any forti-.. fication -commandiug the same n vinity thero Xei, ther wil occupy, orfortify, or coianize,oraassxwe5 or exercLse. any dominion over licaagna, Cosa Ric% the Mosquita% coastk or any rtoo Central America. - Neier wil use any protectIonwfinch Ci3lraffordSi or may affeed, oDr any a1llinook which either has owr mayhxve~ 7or with any State orpeople, for;the purpose of, c ting or maintainiany such f.opiftcAtions, orof occ:ipyingor olon-i Niggi2a,. Codtxwr,* tbl Mosquito coast, orenyrst of Aerica,c.oQ assmningorexerosingany dofinionfover thesame.Neitherwdil take advantagri of any intimacy, or use any lliance, con,nexior,, or inZluence that eithermay pssesswithasnyState or people thro(gh hose territorysthetaalmty passW for ihs puipof seirquirng or holdib, directly or indirectly, for its own citiizas orsubjeets, any unegnasirights ordantabes otcomDmerc'j orna.vigation." The British Governmnet olds that theo aning of this aritle is prospective; thbit refers to any Iutnro attempts at colorization or dominion; a.n& that hiaditineant the rennciation of Bthe Britiih Prtie-- ratein-Mceoito, and the British aettlemenh3t~ 2rn Asreric, this renunciation wvould havo beenk ox re;,ly sti. pialated. The-American Government contentd th'ethe -rti. sclohapUoa the entire abhandonifient of the B.9iti1 te znents hicIvenstedSat the time of the treaty , *heyeaon those |fl.si sUcrthesettlcmcnt tanad aroundlieWe, bsi4Eqj~T-siis ien a oflQinaas, .,
LOZDOzY, M[ONDAY, FEBRUARY 18, 1856. The condition of blinistries in this counatry is such that they ame never without plenty of vulnerable points on which the most moderate and condtitutiorx; Opposition may fairly e.xercis its ingentity. Some governor of a colony has entered upon Lame. elf-willed and insane cour3e of action which the- Ministry is too much committed to disown, na let totally umable to justify. Some diplosn2atist quarrels about a lMdy or a game at cards, striles his flag, and converts a wavering ally into a bitter enemy. Some husih Judge will not resign, ore Bishop grasps at more than his allowance, some -_t: wr;n. t Sn sn -after-dinner speech ham ipoken unadvisedly wsith his lips. These are things for which every Government must be answerable, and which, according, to our spacious notions of responsibility, every Prime Minister is just as much bound to defend and justify as if he had done them bimself. But surely this is enough. it is enough to be answerable for what a man does himself, and what every one over whom he has the least control does or omits to do, without also being bound to defend things' done by persons acting under a different and independent authority. These thoughts occurred to us when we re-d among the notices of motions given en Thursday, the 14th inst., the following resolution, with the ominous n=e of Mr. L&YARD prefixed to it:- "That this House has observed with deep regret "that those officers whose conduct in their re"spective departments has been shown by the re"port of the Commission of Inquiry into the Sup"plies of the Blitish Army in the Crimea to have "occasioned great and unnecessary sufferings in "that army have received honours and rewards, "or have been appointed to and are still holding "responsible offices in the public service." If the Government, responsible to Parliament, had be stowled honours and rewards or conferred appointnments on these officers, nothing could be more reasonable than that they should answer for what they had done, and that if they failed to justify it they should be visited with the full weight of Parliamentary di-pleasure. But who is there who supposes that Lord PA iEusToN or Lord PA,33uu , M1r. Moxsmz or MIr. FnmroUmcK PEEL, knew anything about Sir RICnARD AnE's aud Colonel GoIDoxN's appointments to be Quartermaster and Deputy-Quartermaster-General, of Lord LurcAa's reginent, or Lord CARDIGAN'S Inipectorship of Cavalry? Had these been naval honours, the Ministry might well have been summoned to defend the acts of the Admiralty; but, if the Co3numxnDEs-ni-CmEH be pleased to abuse the power he possesses, to neutralize the effects of inquiries conducted by other authorities, and to administer the army on principles most repulsive to the feelings of the nation, he may indeed be removed from his situation, but his acts are in no respect the acts of the Government. "Whatever induced the authorities at the Horse Guards thus highly to distinguish these guilty or incompetent persons, nobody supposes for a moment that those motives were shared by the present Cabinet; indeed, the appointments were not only so bad, but so perversely strange and unaccountable, that we cannot believe they would have been made by any Minister, however corrupt and unprincipled, who had the fear of immediate Parliamentary responsibility before his eyes. We do not blame Air. LAyARD for directing attention to so flagrant a violation of the duty of appointing suitable men to high command and honour; but we certainly should have a right to accuse the Government of Quixotism and unnecessary punctilio should they deem themselves bound to take up so desperate and so disreputable a quarrel. Let those who did these things answer for them. So long as the report 'of the Commission remains unanswvered and uninvestigated, there really is no case to be made against Mlr. LAYARD'S motion. It is impossible for Government to controvert the report of their own Commission, which they have laid on the table of the House, merely because it censures by anticipation. certain appointments of the Co,ninL&wDEIr-CnmrF; and it is equalIy impossible, while upholding the report, to justify the appointments wmucan It, qvna_. The lesson, however, which is thus administered to Government has its salutary as well as its painful side. It must set before them in a pointed and convincing manner not merely the injury that is done to the public service by the retention of the command and patronage of the army in the hands of an irresponsible department, but also the great and increasing danger arising from it to the stability of the present and all future Governments. So long as the great name of the Duke of WxaLIxGTox silenced all complaints and covered all abuses, and so long as the popular idea of our military excellence gave stability to this influence, the decrees of the Horse Guards were unquestioned, and Government was relieved from the weight of responsibility. But now that the great DuKn is gone, and that the silly confidence in an obsolete system is dissipated, now that the civilian mind can nolonger be kept from prying into these martial mysteries, and, above al, now that the patronage of the army is conducted with an ostentatious disregard of public opinion and a marked preference for misconduct and incapacity, which strikes even the most apathetic and unobservant with astonishment, the separate and independent powers of the CoaLvs,&DEn-iN-CmFY bid fair to be one of the greatest difficulties with whichGovernments have to deal. Every reflecting man must see that this state of things is not destined to last long, and that while it does last it is fraught with the greatest evils to the Court, the Camp, and the Senate. The influence of the first over the army will be studiously exaggerated, and represented as perpetually at variance with the will of the Minister who is responsible to Parliament. The second will be distracted by the duality now established, and Will find in the conflicting views of the two departments to which it is intrusted perpetual causes of discontent. The third wil be constantly occupied in discussions all the more acrimonious and frequent because concerned with the only public department which is still emancipated from popular control. The best solution for all parties Will be that this state of transition should be got over as soon as possible, and the best answer to the threatened motion an announcement that the separate jurisdiction out of which all this evil has arisen has ceased to exist.
A telegraphic despatch brings tidings of the destruction of Fort St. Nicholas by the French army in the Crimea. Sir W. CODRINGTON had before communicated that the demolition of the docks was complete. It may be said, theh, that Sebastopol exists no longer as a naval stronghold. Sixteen months after the first shell was thrown against the place the only remaining fort has become a mass of ruins. A large barrack, capable of containing three Russian regiments, will no doubt be destroyed also. - Every building that the aiege has spared is now in the hands of the allies, and they will probably not quit the shores of the Crimea withouit having rendered useless whatever might serve as a shelter -for the armaments of the enemy. We may now, in truth, look on the great wrork of the campaign as concluded. The destruction of Sebastopol, and not the conquest of the Crimea, was the object proposed by those who originated the bold enterprise of 1854. If the impulses of the Western nations rather than the policy of their ruIers led to the war, which we may now perhaps consider as at an end, it is equally true that the general feeling indicated Sebastopol as the point of attack. Even before the first blow was sTruck at Oltenitza the name of the Crimean fortress was in the mouths of all who ventured to advise or predict on the subject of the war. At first, indeed, there seemed but lttle chance of a speedy combat in such closed lists. The Russian armies held the rich provinces of the Danube. Before themi was a broad river, which an army assailing them from the south must rashly place in its rear. ' Their flank was covered on one side by a delta armed with fSzt-class fortresses, on the other by the territory of a Power supposed to be friendly through a similarity of institutions and great benefits recently conferred. The Russian generals had even crossed the Lower Danube and seized the best positions in the Dobrudscha, from which it would have been difficult to dislodge them. So great was the credit of the Russian ams, so exaggerated the estimate of Russian nunmbers and resolution, that the defence of the Dardanelles and Bosphorus wag among the irst plans of the Western tactici?l ;. But there were causes fated soon to -werthrow this mighty prestige. Perhaps, chief among them were that destraction of life and exhaustion of resources of which we know so little. What may have been passing behind the iron barrier of Russian isolation we can only judge of by the results. The bravery of the Turks and the jealousy of befriended but insulted Austria added to the difficulties of the CzApR, and the soil of Turkey was at length abandoned. Eardly was this great victory gained when the minds of our people reverted to Sebastopol. With much ju.stice, they attributed the success of Russia in former wars to her uncontested naval power in the Black Sea. She could dictate the peace of Adrianople, she could confiscate and govern Georgia, she could wrest Asiatic Pashalics from the SvLTAN, she could rule the petty Court of Greece, and guide the animosities of the Rayahs, chiefly because from a commodious and impregnable centre she could send out a powerful squadron against any point of a wveak rivals undefended coast. Sebastopol was a stronghold, on a peninsula that jutted far out into the Euxine, beyond the shoal waters of the coast, beyond the limit where the sea is yearly frozen. It lay opposite Constantinople. The prevailing. winds would within tv.-o days bear even a sailing fleet to the Bosphorus; and not only wind, but steam, was brought into the service of Russia's ever vigilant ambition. What a Russian fleet could do, what it would dare to do, had been shown at Sinope. Turkey's naval forces were monthly becoming less, and the faintest trace of rivalry, it was evident, must soon be at an end. In these circumstances4he British people called for a blow at Russian naval power, rejoiced at the enterprise that was set on foot, and for a year of alternate victory and disaster never belied their character for tenacity of purpose. The victory is now won, the object is attained fully, and we trust for ever. Although it would be folly to depreciate a result because its effects may not be eternal, yet it is certainly more gratifying to feel that success cannot soon be nullified. The allies have not only destroyed Sebastopol, but to a great extent the possibility of restoring it. Seventy years have elapsed since the conquest of the Crimea, and little less since the old Tartar villagof Akhtiar gave place to the first buildings of a new city, baptized -with a pretentious name, but destined to a period of sombre and ominous grandeur, and then to a terrible fall. During the lives of twvo generations that stronghold, where all is colossal and built as if for ages. has been the care of a succession of Sovereigns. The description given of the docks will tell how much time, labour, and treasure has been expended on the fleet which. is now ingulfed beneath the waters of the harbour. It is sail that the foundations, laid twelve feet below the surface of the earth, have all been broken up by the successive explosions. Although it may be that anything that engincers have done engineers may 7undo, yet many years of constant toil and burdensome expense will hardly restore those great 6 t, + e cndition in which their constructors left them. The great forts were equally proofs of skill, grand design, and unwearying perseverance. Those on the southern side are now rn ruins. Twvo were blown up by the Russians themselves on the morning of their retreat; now Fort St. Nicholas exists no longer. The destruction of the city seems hardly an event for modern times. It recalls the histoies of antiquity, with their long deadly wars of commonwealth with commonIwealth; it suggests ideas of doomed races, whose fall has been foretold by prophets inspired from on high. But even the ruin of Nineveh or Babylon, Carthage or Jerusalem, did not represent a more utter vanishing of doninion than wvhat has been done at Sebastopol does as regards the destruction of Russian supremacy in tho East. The navy of the CZmx is gone, and cannot be reconstructed. All that remaais of it is a few vessels sunk -within the port. We should be glad to learn that some means had been found to destroy even these, and that no vestige of the once dreaded fleet remained whole below the waves. We may, however, now pause, satisfied with our labours. We may appreciate what we havegained by considering what but a short time since we should have been content with. "hile the siege was in progress, even those most exacting only urged at first the opening of the Black Sea to the war vessels of every nation. It was demanded that the old policy of Turkey should be discarded, and that England and France should freely send their fleets under the palace windows of the SULTAN, past the forts of the Bosphorus, into the neighbourhood of the Russian harbours. The Russian Admirals in turn would have been at hberty to pass at will into the Mediterranean. It was even thought fit that ports on the Black Sea coast should be granted to the allies, in order that a balance might be established.. Later, our statesmen went further, and demanded the limitation of the CzAB's armaments. Even then Turkey would have had to keep up squadrons at a great expense, and provide men for a service for which her population is unfitted and from which it instinctirely shrinks. HOow much more has been now gained! The Straits may be closed, for there is no danger within. Turkey may spend her money more profitably than in line-of-battle ships, for there is no enemy for them to oppose. Constantinople need dread no sudden assault; any future invasion must be conducted entirelY by land, for no navy will protect the Russian transports which supply armies in Bulgaria or below the Caucasus. With the forts and docks of Sebastopol ends the dream of a new conquest by the barbarians.
Wnat is the best manner of offering some mark of public respect to the memory of the late JosEpu Hum. ? Such was the subject proposed for the consideration of a very large and very influential meeting at Willis's-rooms on Saturday last. The proposal is one which is as creditable to its supporters as it is to the memory of the politician who has so recently been called away. In bestowing some mark of respect upon such a man, or rather upon his memory, the gentlemen who 'met at Willis's-rooms acknowledge the value of disinterestedness, of honesty, of perseverance, as elements in the character of a public man worthy of praise and respect. We are no unreasoning partisans of the late Mr. HmE. hn the course of his long eareer in the House of Commons we have over and over again had to challenge his dloctrines and oppose his act. As a matter of simple truth, however, we are prepared to acsknowledge that during the time he held a seat in Parliament-and the period extended over nmore than forty years-we should be at a loss to iiame any oceasion upon which MSIr. HExi" acted with any other motive than that of the public good. The gentlemen who differed from him upon the repeal of the Test and Cor*oration Acts or of the Corn Laws, or on the Reform Bi11, may have been ready to devote hiis head to the infernal gods for taking an active part against them when those measures were under discussion; but 'what had Mr. HuE privately to gain by 'she adoption of his views? The nobleman who owned the advowson of two or three pocketboroughs might be pevaonally interested in the rejection of the Reform Bill, but certainly Mr. HV= profited little by its acceptance. Next to his public honesty, we nmust consider the wonderful industry, the laboriousness of the man. Mr. HtUx= worked at politics as a conveyancer with 16 children works at his wills, and draughts, and titledeeds. Politics to him did not mean an cecasional opportunity for delivering himself of a flashy, epigrammatic speech, and of inhaling the- grateful incense of flattery and admiration. He had adopted politics as a profession, and to his profession he devoted all the energy of his life, all his time, all his thoughts, and that without remumeration, or the hope or wish for it. He remained in harness to the'last, just as much in earnest on the last day cf his life as on the first day when he entered the House of Commons-that is, just about the time NAPOLEON was setting out upon -his expedition to hMoscow. Ambition could scarcely be said to be lis stimulus. A man of his shrewd sense must have I erceived at a glance that upon the line he had taken there was no hope of honour, employment, or dignity. He could expect nothing but ridicule and thinly disguised contempt-or contempt not disguised at all-for many a long year, his only cheerful thought being that ultimately his views must prevail, or, at least, that they ought to prevail. It is marvellous, wlhen one thinks of what public abuses were forty years ago, wb.at was the condition of the Government, whlat and how numerous its supporters withini and without the walls of Parliament, that a man was found of fibre sufficiently firm and of moral courage sufficiently strong to confront the storm patiently year after year. Mr. Hu-iE did this, and, despite of ridicule, invective, and abuse, he lived to see most of the measures he had advocated fully or partially carried. Such was his reward. Such was his rewvard, and it was the only one he ever coveted, for, as we see by an observation w hich fell from one of the speakers at the meeting, his family have denied that he ever desired even the titular distinction of a Privy Coumcillor. The shame of not having offered it to the old mai must, notwithstanding, endure as a permanent reproach upon the aristocratic polticians who gained so much by his services, and in the day of victory divided the plunder among thenmselves. A disi cussion of this sort is, however, unworthy of M1r. Hu:ir's memory, and so lot no more be said about it till the time comes for asking testimonials from the country in honour of those who excluded Mr. Hu3iE from such honour as they could have bestowed. Meanwhile, his career should not be without a practical moral for oU1r working politicians. Here was a man who was eminently qualified for public life, as he proved by a public career I of well-nigh half a century-who was born in lhumble circiumstances, but who never condemcended to snake a gain out of politics. Before hle crossed the threshold of the House of CormImons lie reali7ed a competence, and, when he cared not for the frowns or smiles of the Court, of M31inister, or Peer, he boldly stepped down into the arena of public life, and fought the fight out j honestly according to his convictions. Would ! that the railroad contractors, the aspiring young lawyers, the Irish Phalanx, the united Colonels, ! and other sections in the House of Commons ! hxich cotld readiy be named,wore as disinterested in their viewvs and votes as was during his long Parliamentary career the late JOSEPH Hunr&S!
. What is that road which you can walk over in a quarter of an hour, but which you cannot drive over in less thaiL three-quarters? Let no one who reads this question fancy that we are pelplexing his soul with a conimdrun, and that to answer it he must rack his brains and ransack his memory as if he were asked by some angelic being-what is that word of one syllable from which if you take a couple of letters it becomes a word of tvo syllables? Nothing of the kind; the question is a plain and honest one, whiclh is to be answered by no puzzling of the intellect, but only by a little vexatious experience. The road extends from Blackfriars to London-bridge, on the Surrey side of the river, and is about the most disgusting and disgraceful thoroughfare that even this metropolis need be ashamed of. To ride through it or to walk through it is simply a choice of evils. It is cne of the narrowest, smokiest, muddiest, filthiest, ugliest, sickliest, most malodorous, battered, patchedup, disagreeable localities in all London. But one living pen can do justice to its superlative hideousness. The Bankside is a kind of marine-parade; but those to whom that title suggests a broad road with a good pavement, brilliant equipages bowling along, the sea rolling in with its sullen roar and its pleasant breezes, ecstacy in the eyes of the little ones who scamper about on the donkeys, bashful pleasure in those dimiples under the great round hats, and health retiuning to the cheeks of the poor souls who go abouit in Bath chairs, muist imagine the very opposite. Instead of the muisical dash of billows on the beach, there is the plash of the Thames sliding lazily along, like an overgrown gutter, through the heart of the city; great barges drifting clumsily on its surface, like the bits of wvood which boys, in the days when they delight in dirt-pies, tak-e a pleasure in navigating through the currents of the common sewer; and the water is so decidedly opaque that one is a little astonished to read the police admonition by which the inhabitants are particularly requested, for the sake of decency, not to bathe too near the houses, as if anybody but Yahoos would bathe in such a stream ! It is the least fault of the road, however, that it happens to be on the bank of an enonuonis gutter; it is itself a consolidated gutter, and the passenger who travels that way has literally to "run a mucIk." There is'not a sense which is not offended, and it is difficult to say which is offended the most. The road is nearly as narrow as the pavement for foot passengers in Regent-street, apparently for the purpose of bringing the unhappy pilgrim who is seduced into that byway into closer contact with the impurities of the place, and of precipitating him more certainly into the sloughs of despond and pools of disgust that at proper. intervals vary the abominations of the walk. - Barges lie along the Bankside, and the wayfarer inevitably rubs shoulders with a dozen coalheavers before he has completed hIis journey; or, if he has a rassion for old iron, he can gratify it by gazing on a perpetuity of rusty hoops, broken rots, and old lampposts; while, if he wishes to indulge his nasal sense, he can at anytime approach one of those barges which are satiricaly named after some cherished flower. The " Forget-me-Not" is being laden with all the concentrated refuse of the pLace from dutstholes and stables innumerable, and the way is blocked up by carts heavy with manure, as if some Southwark HHRcurn;s were for ever endeavouring to clean out Augean stables, and couldn't manage it. These are a few of the delights which assail the foot passenger as he traverses the only possible communication parallel with the river between Blackfriars and London bridge. The delights of this kind which the camiage passenger enjoys are certainly not less, and if he drives in an open carriage they are very much greater, from the fact that they must bo endured infinitely longer. Fow- a great part of the way it is impossible for more than one vehicle at a time to pass along; if two meet each other, one of them must back out, and the unfortunate individual whose coachman has been so deluded as to think the Banklide the shortest cut to London-bridge has the satisfaction of waiting five minutes behind an immense dungcart while the road in front is being cleared, and while the guard of the Brighton train is giving his last whistle. The traffio that passes over Londonbridge has now become so great that it is an object of some importance to relieve it as much as possible. At all times it was the most used of the bridges, but now that the railway station absorbs a greater amount of traffic than any other in London, with the exception of Euston-square, the delay and disappointment to which travellers are subjected by the dead lock of carts, cabs, and omnibuses, have become an evil of metropolitan magnitude, and call for such immediate attention, that we are not surprised to find the Board of Works coammencing their labours by discussing the question of an improved communication between Blacldriars and London bridgg. There is not a more important subject for the Board to consider than the improvement of the thoroughfare, not only from the High-street to Blackfriars-road, which is its worst part, but also to Waterloo-bridge, and still further to Westminster-bridge. In a great metropolis, where time is everything, it is a disgrace that carriages crossing Waterloo-bridge, or passing from the South-Western station to the South-Eastern, should have to make a on.g circuit in order to have any chance of reaching their destination unimpeded. The short cuts are so narrow that they turn out the longest routes; and, in order to save time, we must go miles out of our way. The improvements which in this respect have been suggested to the Board of Works regard the ordinary comfort and expeditious travelling of the inhabitants, and in this point of view alone are absolutely essentiaL The object is utility, andu that is, of course, the first thing to be considered; but we are disposed also to regard beauty of construction as an object of far more essential inport than our public bodies are generally inclined to treat it. We do not work better by working in the midst of dirt and slovenliness, in buildings that are dark dens within and ugly blotches without.- There still seems to linger a feeling that success is greatest in the dingy warehouses and most miserable countingrooms ; that, in fact, the wealth of London is built on the ruins of every sense of beauty. Hence the Thames, which ought to be the noblest thor-oughfare in London, which we ought to be glad to approach, which we ought to be proud to point to, is one of the ugliest and hatefullest; few of us wiUingly traverse it, and there is very little of the river frontage that wre care to show to a stranger. When the sewage of the nietropolis is diverted from this channel, it will certainly be more pleasaut to pass along this highway; there is one thing we can always enjoy in its fresh waters, and we can point with pride to the immense riches that float on its waves-to the argosies of every nation that congregate to our shores. But is it impossible to impress on our merchants that they might be wealthy without disfiguring the banks of a noble river with the most hideous constructions, huddled together in indescribable confusion? Whlo that looks upon either bank of the river, and sees how it is lined with buildings 'which look little better than colossal pigsties and exaggerated cowsheds-exactly such architecture as on a smaller scale 'we devote to rabbit-hutches and dog-kennels, but must feel indignant at the degradation of so splendid a site ? The nuisance is not the less real because we are used to it, and because we can avoid it by the simple exl)edient of shutting our eyes.
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. It was attended by Viscoimt Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Mtarquis of Lansdowne, Earl Grauvile, the Earl of Harrowby, Sir George Grey, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmiure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Righlt Hon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. Al. T. Baines, anid the Duke of Argyll The Council sat three hours and a-half. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 271.-(viz., Io. 87095, for 201. ; No. 54S79, for 51., and two sovereigns), on account of Legacy Duty, from " C. C. F." Pos3mIt Co-raNLNmcAyTio_ wniT ThELAxD.-A Treasury minute, dated October 19, 1855, with a view to improve the postal and passen-er communication betwixt England and Ireland, was published yesterday. Mfy Lords desired to Lnow if it were practicable, 1. For a mail leavin; London in the morning to airive in Dnblin in time for the departure of the evening mails, and also for a delivery in Dablin the same night? 2. For a mail leaving London in the evenin- at its usual hour to reach Dublin in time for the d3v mails from Dublin, and for a convenient morningdelivery in Dublin? 3. For a mail to leave Dublin in the morning, after the arrival of the nitht mails from the provinces, in time to reach London for ths departure of the night mails, and for a late delivery that might? 4. ForamailtoleaveDublinintheevening, afterbusiness hours, and to arrive in London in time for an eariy delivery, and the day mails out of Londor.? If such arrangements were practicable, their Lordships wrould be prepared to incur a considerable expenditurein order to secure them: in that case, in the majority of instances, the Irish postal serviceboth ways would be advanced byperiods varying from 6 to 12D hours, and in many cases, for business pUapnoes, 24 hours would be saved in replies, besides the most perfect passenger accommsodation being secured. It is I assumed that the slaxtniu7mt time occnpied in the JoUrney ketween the two capitals would be U hours, and that arrangements would be made for sorting letters on board. The minute was ordered to be referred to the PestmasterGeneral and the Chief Secretary of State for Ireland. TrHE NEv McEDICAL PzoFEssioN BiLr.-The new bill bronuht in by Mr. Readlarn, Mr. Brady, and Mr. ralufwrd7is to take effect, if passed, on the Lst of August next. A "Meedical Council of the United Kingdom" is to be established, to consist of one person chosen by each of the following bodies-viz., the three Universities of England, the four of Scotland, the two of Ireland. the three colleges of surgeons and physicians of England, Scotland, and Ireland, and theFaculty of Glasgow; and also of eight persoas to be elected as hereaf ter shown. E3veryperson so chosen must be ¶salifledto be registered under the act, and the first election is to be made within three months. The tenure of office by members of the counail is to be trienniaL The eight other members of the council wiR first be named by the Secretary of State ; four of them are to be appointed for England, two for Ireland, and two for Scotland; these eight members wil hold office till June 1, 1857, after which period they will be elected triennially,-four by those recorded in the last printed medicalregisterfor England, two by those registered inScotland, and twobythose registeredinIrelu n The MedicalCouncil will hold theirfirst meetingatsuchtime and place as the Secretary of State n%y be pleased to name, and afterwards where and when they themselves maay determine. They are empowered to appoint a treasurer, secretary, ang servantss; and the Secretary of State will aopoint a registrar, tobecalled the "Medical Registrar." This oiflcer will, up to the Ist of Decemuber next, register rersons already in practice and duly 9uazlifed, on paLyment of a feo of 20s.,; -nd, after that perod, he will register practitioners qualiied as hereafter shown, for a feeof1Os. After the 1st of December next parties applying to be registered as physicians must be 26 years of age, be graduaFtes in medicine. and furnished with letters testimonialfrom one of the IRoyal CoUleges of Physicians. Surgeons mtust be 22 years of a,e, and have been examined and passed bv the Royal Colege of Physicians, asisted by fivesurgeons fin medicine and pharmacy), and by the Royal College of Surgeons (in sargery and midlvifery). Scotch and Iris surgeons must have been examined by the two CoUeges of Physicians and Surgeons (or, in the case of Scotchmen, by the Facultyof Physicians andSnrgeonsof Glaszow). Persons registered after the 1st of December must cause theuseelves io be admitted as members of the college fromwhichthey received their letters testimonial, but no person offering himself for admission will boobied topass any further oxamni nation. Names struck off the college hsts for misconduct wil be erased from 'the reg. er,'-a penalty tantamount to professional extinction. The examinations ofthe various colleges will be supervised by the Medical Council, who will have the power of compelling the amendment of any faulty system ofexamination or the neglect ofregplations in the medical colleges. A "British Pharmaopueai will be published by the council. Registered practitioners, and none else, w11 be able to sue for and recover "reasonable" charges for medicine and attendance. Unregistered persons are disqualiied frorn holding public appointments. The council IS empowered-to maike regiulations for persons prac - Uising ia the colonies anad students. This act will in nso wise affect the lawful occupation of cbymists and druggists, or interfere with the privileges of duly Eicensed apothecaries in ItrlandP
TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (BY S BMANI AN1D ZBUH TELEGBIAL) TMLS~A1 CONFERENCES.- We have received the following telegraphic d- spatch from our Paris correspondent - . PARIS, S-2-AY, Fim. 17. "Lord Clarendon and Lord Cowley arrivedyesterday evening at Paris. "To-day, at 2 o'clock, Lord Clarendon was received in a private audience by the IEmAperor. " Count Buol, the Austrian Plenipotentiary, arrived at Paris during the night. " The Conferences will probably open on Saturday. " Baron Manderstroam, the Swedish Ainister, arrived at Paris to-day from Vienna." THE EAST. We have reeeived the following telegraphic despatch from our Miarselles correspondent:- "MARSEILIES, SATURDAY, FEB. 16, 7 3t r.r,& "The Jourdain has arrived with adviees from Constantinople of the 7th, and from the Crimea of the 5th inst. "Despatches leave at 8 p.m. "Your correspondent vrites "'On the 4th inst. the French blew up Fort St. Nicholas, at Sebastopol, with complete success.'"
A USTRALIA. SOUTHAMPTON, FE1. 16. By the Royal d211 steamer Mlagdalena, which arrived at this port last night with the West hdia and Pacific mal, we have received, ridt Callao and Panama, files of Atstra lian journals, containing intelligence from Melbourne to the 20th of November, Sydney to the 14th, Adelaide tothe 13th. There is little nevs of interest. The price of gold at Melbourne has declined, being quokd at 31. 14s. Gd. The banks placed the rate of exchanges with England at par on the 19th of November. 'The closing price of flour on the 17th of November at Geelong was 491. to 501. per ton for Chilian. Business there was rapidly improving. At Adelaide flour was rising in price on tlle 13th of November, and is quoted at 551. to 600. From Sydneybour advices are to 'the 14th of November. Little was doing in the House. The Steam Postal Bill having passed through committee may be considered as already on the statute-book. The snm of 20,0092. has been inserted as the contribution of New South Wales towards a general line for all Australia; but it is to be gathered from what 'the Solicitor-General said, thatthis contribution will only be paid towards a line of steamers vid Torres Straits, and that there will be no co-operation for one vid SingapDre and Melbourne.
THE PACIFIC. SOITHIAMPTON, FEE. 16. By the Royal Mtail Company's steamship Magdalena, Cap. tain G. Abbott, 'Which arrived last night with the West India and Pacific mails, we have received our usual flies of newspapers and despatches from the Pacific ports t%i2 Panama. The Pacific Steam Navigation Company's steamer New Gran3da arrived at Panama on the evening of the 20th uilt., bringing dates from Valparaiso to the 1st and Callao to the 11th of January, 33 passengers, and 550,000 in treasure. The New Granada passed Her Britannic Majesty's sloopofwar Brisk on the 18th nlt., and spoke tbe American whaling schooner Ann G. Doyle, Captain Phillips, off Cape Blanco, bound from Paita for Tumbes. From Valparaiso we learn that the extra session of Con. gress was closed. The laws passed had received the sanction of the Execrtive. The roads were improving in every direction. The works of the Valparaiso and Santiago oail. road were rapidly progressing. The Tailroad proposed from Santiago to Talea, 200 miles, has been preliminarily comnenced. Mr. Chevalier, the engineer appointed by the directors to the survey, has already practised the first sur. vey as far as Rancagoa, accompanied by the mIdnister of the Interior as well as by otherengineers. Hisreport is satisfactory as respects the facilities for constructing the work. Orders have been forwarded to Europe on account of the company. The Cachapoal-bridge which the road is to pass is to be reconstrncted. It is the intention to celebrate the next anniversary of the independence in September -with the opening of a portion of this road. Agriculture and commerce are stated to have been favourable during the past year, but nmning interests are poorly spoken of. 'Upon the whole, however, the yield during the year has not been much less than in fourneryears. A company for exploration has been formed, and had gone into the mountains, under the direction of Mr. G. Schmidt, to examine some deposits of ore discovered by him. Copper mning was daily becoming more inportant, and great energies were being brought to bear in working the mines. A distressing fire had occurred in Valparais, which destroyed ten or twelve houses and kiled five or six persons. The rtified copy of the new treaty with Great Britain -as to leavo Valparaiso for England in the steamer of the 31st ult. The following shipping inteligence is received from Valparaiso: " Her Majesty's corvette Alarm, 26 guns. care in on the 16th of December, 108 days from England,' having touched at Rio and the Falland slands. She will relieve the Dido, which ship returns to Engand about the end of January. "The American ship Red Gauntlet arrived on the 17th to repair. She was Li days from New York, and will proceed to San Francisco. " The American corvette John Adams caine in on the 21st, 44 days from the Feejee Islands. She returns from a visit of punishment to the Feejecans on account of depredations committed by them on whale ships and their crews wrecked on their coasts. " The French war steamer Lovaisier came in on the same day, 66 days from aMontevideo, cn roz?te for France. "The St. Mlar'sarrived from Talcahuano on the 24th. At anchoring she saluted the French and English admirals. " The captiin of the British bark Beliama arrived at Valparaiso on the 24th from LiverpooL He reports having sighted an English bark with only her mizenmast standing having lost the other two. This 'was in lat. 57-15 S, and long. 71v3 W. No people could be seen on board, and a nearer approach to the vessel was impossible, because of the violence of the wind blowing. "The French rhsip Perseverante camc in on the 2Ith, 47 days from Rio. She relieves the Forte. " Ships of War in the Bay.-The English line-of-battle ship Monarch, 74, Admiral Brace, and the sloop of war Alarm, 26, Captain Douglas; the French frigates 1orte, 30, Admiral Founichon, and Persevcrante, 6V, Captain Le Begue; and the steamer Lavoisier, 6, Captain Armand; the American sloops of war John Adams, 20, Captain Boutwell, and St. Mary's, 20, Captain Bailey."
COUBT CIRCULAIL The Qneen rode on horseback on Saturday morning, attended bythe Hon. Mary Bulteel, in the riding school attached to Bucldngham Palace. His Royal Highness Prince Albert rode on horseback, attended by his Eqlierry in Waiting. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa took a carriage drive. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince, vith the Princess Royal and the Princess Alice, took a drive in the afternoon in an open carriage and four. Major-General Bouverie and Captain Du Plat attended on horseback. The Queen had a dinner party in the evening at Bnekingbarn Palace. The company included her Royal Hig,hness the Duchess of Oambridge, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, her Royal Highnessthe Princess Mary of Cambridge, the Turldsh Ambassador and Madame Tusursus, the Hanseatic Minister, the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Mlarauis of Lansdovwne, the Earl and Countess Grey, the Comntes3 Somers, Lord Paninure, Dervish Pasha, Lieutenant-General Sir George Bowvles, and Baron lKnesebeck (in waiting to the Duchess of Cambridge). Her Majesty's private band attended after dinner in the Palace, and performed the following pieces:- Selection. "LEtoile duaord .. . eyerbeer. Dmo, ".rennaye.n"A r. Peliesierarbch .A..gu. lYesterday the Queen and the Prince, iith thePrince of Wales, the Princess Royal Prince AMfred, arnd the Princess Alice; the ladies and gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic bonsehold attended divine service in the Private Chapel of Bckldngliam Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiateA. Weetings of the Oxford University Commiio6n wTere held at No. 17, Grcat Queen-street, WVestminster, on Friday and SatUrday last. The commissioners present were-the Earl of Harrowvbk, Mr. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edward Tvisleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John W. 'Awdry, with th6-secretaries. Des athehs from the Governors of the WestiTdix Cobo'nies, the Gambilia, and the British Settlemdesis on the~ West C4ast ef Africa wvere rcoeired on Saturday-at thle Colonialoffice. Despstebes *rere senlt in the evenin to tbe Governors of the West India Coloniest
SECOND EDITION. THE TIfES OFFICE, Mron&yMorni2W. VNpj.E,t, FROM PARIS? The following is the letter of our Paris corresponcelnt, dated Saturday, 6 p.m. The Emperor, accompanied by several Generals and a numerous sta7E, yesterday forenoon reviewed the battalion of Foot Chasseurs of the Guard in the court of the Tuileries, and distributed a certain I nmuber of crosses and military medals. The regiment went through several manoeuvres and afterwards filed off before His Majesty, a number of the woundled marching at the head, amid loud cries of " Vive l'Emperm! d" At 2 o'clock His Majesty, accompanied by Generals Korte and Duberne, and Colonels Flenry, Ney, and de Valabr:gue, and escorted by a squadron of the Cent Gardes, proceeded to St. Cloud and passed in review the Sth and 10th regiments of Cuirassiers, the first about to keep garrison at Casnbray, and the other at Maubeuge. These troops were drawn up in the wer park - of St. Cloud, and presented a magnicentappearance. His Majesty was received with rat enthusiasm by the two regiments, whiich went hu0gh1 several evolutions with the 'most perfect ecsion. After the review the Emperor returned Paris, the troops and the spectators shouting uodly " Y; e 'Empereur .t" While the regiment of Gendarmery of the Imberial Guard was filing before the Emperor on Thursday at the end of the review, His Majesty rremarked in the last platoon two men who had been wvounded, but had not received any decoration, and he called them to him to interrogate them on the subject. The Emperor then spoke a few words to one of his aides-de-camp, who went into the Palace and returned with two military medals, which His Majesty himself attached totheir breasts, and at the same time shook them by the hand. On this incideit being noticed by the crowd standing near, a loud cry of " Vi.7e Z'Empereur!" rose on all sides. The Emperor the day before yesterday gave a private audience to M. J. Oppert, who had the honour of laying before His Majesty the results of the French expedition into MIesopotamia, and exhibiting the maps and plans which he has brought back of those distant countries. The Mllroniteutr publishes a decree making four nominations of knight in the Legion of Honour, and awarding 35 military medals to wounded and maimed non-commissioned officers and soldiers of the anny of the East. Another decree confirms one promotion to the rank of officer, one nomination to that of knight in the Legion of Honour, and the grant of five military medals made by Marsha Pelissier. A decree in the 31omikur extends to Algeria the law of June 10, 1853, exempting from the payment of the patente tax (license to trade) such weavers as work at their own houses, and have less than 10 looms. The 31inister of 3Marine has received reports to the 7th ult. from the Governor of Senegal. t that date the state of affairs both in the upper and lower parts of the river was satisfactory. Two principal points are dwelt on in these reports-the gradual falling off of theinfluence of the falseprophetAlagIhi, and the constitution of the Oualo into a French province. This Latter has been divided into four districts, each placed under the command of chiefs devoted to the French, and the whole under the central authority. The moment the Oualo was decLared to be a French province, the inhabitants of that fertile part of the' country who had been driven away by the depredations of the Moors, hastened back to the villages and placed themselves under French protection. This event has given a fatal blow to the domination of the Moors, which had been before much shaken by the recent successful expedition of the French troops. A razzia which was recently made by the Governor of Senegal inflicted on them a loss of 1,500 head of cattle and 10 prisoners. The false prophet Alaghi, who had endeavoured to organize a regular revolt against the French authority, has taken to fight, and sought refuge at the extreme limit of the Kaarta, and the Moors, who are completely demoralised, will doubtless soon make their submission, or be in such a state that they will not be able to disturb any further tle tbanquillity of the country. The Commander of the French Navy at Constantinople has placed the Ajaccio steamer at the disposal of the Grand Vizier Aali Pasha, the Plenipotentiary of the Ottoman Porte at the Conferences of Paris. Aali Pasha embarked in that vessel on the 12th, and was expected at Marseilles on the 17'th or 18th inst. Count Camille Benso de Cavour, President of the Council of Mlinisters, and Plenipotentiary of the King of Sardinia at the Peace Conferences, arrived ina Paris on Friday. Count de Cavour is accompanied by the Mlarquis Centurione, Secretary of Legation, M. de Nigra, an officer of the Ministry of ForeignAffairs ofPiedmont, and the Marquis Aynard de Cavour, his nephew, a diplomatic attache. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 95c. for the end of the month; and the NTew Loan at 74f. SOc.; Orleans3 Railway Shares, 1,255f.; Great Northern, 07£f.; Strasburg, 97af.; New Shares, 82Sf.; Paris and Lyons, 1,240f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,3SOf.; WVestern of France, 850f.; Bordea=u and Cette, '745f.; Great Central of France, 640f.; Lyons and Geneva, 750f.; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,580f.; Austrian Railways, 910f- Cours AadheinCqU&-PARus, Feb. 1G.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimtbursable for 10 years), 95f. 75-.; Three Per Centa.. 73f. 73f. 25c. loc. 25,c. 30c.- ditto fint- Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid), 73f.; ditto second Loan of 18.75 (40 per cent. paid), 73f. 50c.; ditto Certificates (40 per cent. paid), 73f. 60X ; . Rnk of zance, 347Tf.; Credit Eoncier, SOf. ; ditto Obligations of 50Sf., Four pr Cents., 440r.; ditto ihrce per Cents, 400f. ; ditto Tenths, Four per Cents., 97£ SOc.; fridit Mobilier, 1, aOf. 1,560f. 1,580£;- Discount Bank, 6501.; Piedmoatesa Fivo per Cen;s., S9f.; ditto T1hree per cents., 5Sf.;- AuLstran Five pxer Ccnts.,SS8; Belgian 1our-and-a-Half per Centws. 97; dtrThrce per Cents., ;0}; Rente de Nxaples (Rothschid's), 1P2; Rioman, S7; Spanish Three per Cents., 42A. Exchange on Leaden, at si,,ht; mnoney, 251'. -30c.; threo tnonths, money, 24f'. 85c. AUSTRL4. (FREc OUR Ow772 connsPoomrzMT.) VIENNA, FE. 13. Count Buol had several interviews 7with His Majesty the Emperor on Mlonday and Tuesday, before lie left, and is said to have received very full powers, as the Allied Governments' are resolved to proceed in a more business-like way than they did at the fienna Conferences. Ten months ago Prince Gortschakoff and 3. de Titoff accepted propositions ad referenduc ns-that is, they agreed to refer certain proposate made by the Allies to their Government -but Count Orloff and Baron Brunow will, without loss of time, have to accept or reject the propositions of the Allies. This straightforward way of proceeding will hardly be to the taste of the Eussian- Plenipotentiarie3, but they cannot well object to if, as their Ianperial Master 1ill be at lberty to refuse to ratify the preliminaries of peace should thoy not be to his taste. Some time since you were toIdthat there was an. "annexation" to the Concordat, and it is now in my power to inform you what the supplementary docu- ment was like. Byorder of His Majestyaletter' containing a detailed explanation of each separate Article of the Convention was addressed to the Pope, and mention was also made of certain demands made by the Papal Chair which were refused by tlle Imporial Government. One of them was, that the "Ipreveative censure" should be re-established in Austria, but it was rejected on the ground "that long experience had proved it to be of little real use.' The Archbishop of Vienna was the author of the letter, and the ninth Article in it is said to contain a passage which would seem to Lyive the Italian bishons a riaht to interfere v%ith the press, which is not granted to their Austrian and Hungarian brethren. If such is really the case a political blunder has been committed, for the object of this Government is to introduce as much uniformity as possible into the heterogeneous mass of states forming the "c indivisible" empire of Austria. The Common Council of Vienna applied to the Archibishop of Vienna for permission to erect a monument to the memory of Mozart in one of the churches, but his Grace refused to grant it, as he cannot countenance the worship of genius, which is but akind of idolatry. A work which was introduced by the Ministry of Public Instruction into the schools has been prohibited, becauLse it teaches that there was no deluge after the creation of man, "as no fossil remains of human beings have ever been found." By the foregoing you will see that the unpleasant cosequences of the Concordat are beginning to be felt.' When Galileo affirmd that the world turned round the sun he wae punished as a heretic,' and it is perhaps well for the learned author of Cosnos* that he was not an Austrian Catholic. The Wiener Zefitung of to-day contains an edict, which ordains that, in future, moneys lent in silver shall be repaid in silver,and notinbanknotes,if so specified in the bond. This is naturally a partial abolition of the "forced course" of the paper currency. BMuch is said in the foreign papers aboat the Emperor of Austria's being godfather to the expected heir to the French throne, but nothing of this is known here. In order to cover the extraordinary expenses of the Wallachian Government, a tax is to be raised on the revenues of ail the lnuded proprietors. Some nuns have emigrated from Austria to Wallachia, and established a school there. The irmprovement in the currency continues. The premium on gold is 10io per cent.; and that on silver a, per cent. and 7 per cent. Fr:. 14. Some time since your attention was called to the extreme importance of the projected railroad between Vienna and Salzburg, and the numerous applications which have since been made by English firmis to MIessrs. Merk and Lindheim, the grantees, for a share in the undertaking, would seem to indicate that my remarks on the subject did not pass mnnoticed. You were long since told that the above-named gentlemen had the greatest chances of success; but it was not until the 8th: inst. that His Majesty accepted the proposal made in their favour by theMinistryof PublicWorks. The Oesterreichische Cor. espondenz of yesterday evening contained an official article on the subject, which will now be given, as it-cannot fail to interest the mercantile and travelling worldc "A great gap in the Austrian railroad net is about to be filled up. On the 5th His Majesty granted to M. Enest Merk, the Imperial Royal Consul in Hamburg, and to M. H. D. Lindheim, merchant, a privilege to constract a railroad from Vienna to i7nz, and thence to the Bavarian frontier near Salzburg on the one side, and to the Bavarian frontiernearPassan on the other. The railroad, which isas importamt for Bavaria and Southern Germany as it is for Austria will bear the name of 'Empress Elizabeth Railroad.' The length of the railroad from Vienna to Salzburg is 4.3 miles (about 212 English), and from Linz to Passau 12 miles (59 English). The period granted for the construction of the whole railroad is five years. The plans for the line from Vienna to Salzburg are almost completed. The State, which makes the grant for 90 years, guarantees 5 2-10 per cent. for interest and amortization of the shares. The grantees intend to form a Joint-Stock Company with a capital of 0-5,000,000fls., and it is probable that the Austrian Credit Bank wil be concerned in theundertaking.t The Vienna-Salzburg Railroad will naturally he continued to Munich, and an uninterrupted railway communication will be opened between the Atlantic and the Adriatic, and tra. velers mill hardly be more than 36 hours on the road between Vienna and Paris. The new railroad will, however, be of infinitely more importance to the mercantile than to the travel2ing world, and this is why far more attention is paTd by foreigners to this than to any other Austrian railroad. It is foreseen that the groat mercantile road between Paris and Vienna must soon extend to the coasts of the Black Sea and to the capital of the East (Coustantinople). A most conscientious calculation shows that there is a movement of 2,000,000 of travellers and 1=,00 0 cwt. of goods in the vaUley of the Danube in the course of the year, and a total receipt;of S,500,OOOfl. This revenue alone would give a clear dividend of SL per cent. on the capital after all e.xpenses had been deducted." A prospectus of the railroad fom Constantinople to Belgrade has to-day reached me, but it does not appear advisable to make any particular mention of it at present, as more positive information on the subject will reach me in the course of the next week. Telegraphic advices have been received from Trieste that the Sultan has sanctioned the new Turkish Reform Bill, which contains the following 21 points :-I. Maintenance of the Hatti-Sherrif of Gulhaneli. 2. Guarantee of ancient ecclesiastical privileges to the Greek and Armenian Clhurches. 3. Deprives the "Patriarchate" of temporal andjjudicial power. 4. Equality of all confessions. 5. Abolition of persecution and punishment on account of changeof religion. 6. AdnmissionofChristians toState offices. 7. Introduction of civil jurisdictions for the Rayahs (TurkdshChristians). 8. Theexistingciviland criminal laws to be collected into one code or digest. 9. Code of laws to be in all the languages used in the empire. 10. Prison reform. 11. Police reform. 12. Recruiting amongthe Rayahs. 13. Admittance of Christians to militaryhonours. 14. Reformation of the provincial authorities. 15. Right of Franks to possess real property in Turkey. 16. Direct taxation. 17. Improvement of highways. 18. Public budget. 19. PRepresentation of Christians in Council of State. 20. Credit bank for commerce. 21. Reform of the currency. A part of the following Constantinople news of the 4th was forwarded yesterday evening by telegraph " There is a considerable fall in the price of munitions of war, and a smdden stagnation in all business for the supply of provisions." In my letter of the 7th, which appeared in the second edition of Tl1e Tintes of the 11th, is a passage, wliich was probably misunderstood in England, as it has been so here. It is said that little business of importance is likely to be transacted here durins Count BuoYs absence, as the Under Secretary of State in the Foreign Department "has a remarkable disinclination to take any responsibility on his own shoulders." There certainly is a double e2tendre in the sentence ; but it was my intention to say that BaionWernerwould be unwilling tointerfere in.any matter which did not strictly belong to his own particular department. The phrase quoted was enmployed merely because it was used by a diplomatist in my presence in the sense just given. The official Gaz=etta di VeT-nee confirms the report that His Majesty the Emperor has ordered three ships of the line to be built for the protection of the so rapidly increasing mercantile fleet. In consequence of compklints which have been made to the Minister for Commerce and Public Works, or-ders have been isued that all telegraphic despatches must in future be sent by the line indicated by tthe persons who forward them. In consequence of the high prices of the necessaries of life the Municipality of Vienna has temporarily aughieited the salaries of the lower classes of its em- PRUSSIA. (/lu. OUv OlW coWN s?olWNZNT.) BFRLN, Fzr. 16. Before this can reach you you will doubtklss have already published the text of the Prassian despatch of the 3d inst., addressed to Count Arnim at Vienna, on the subject, not of the course intended to be observed by the Prussian Government alone with reference to the motion lately brought forward by Austria at the Diet, but rather of the course PhlE reckons will be observed by the other States Ot termany toWards at j i tih el1iiarity of the despatch one may recwgflze a covert consciousness of being able to speak in the naiDe of the rest of Germany in opposition to the course proposed by Austria. Prussia expresses her expectation that the other States of Germany wil be willing to adopt the terms of peace already accepted by Russia, but in so far as difference of opinion is likely to arise in the elaboration of the details, the extent to which they wiU adopt them will depend upon the Bund being represented at the Conferences. It would, however; be erroneous for the reader of that despatch to suppose that Prussia is here advocating the representation of the Bund while she herself is left out, and that she is willing to see a Beust or a Pfordten in Paris representing that conglomerate of inertness known by the name bf the Bamberg Coalition; on this point Herr von Beust lately ascertained here that a representation of the Bund by any one or more of the minor States was not conformable with the view that Prussia takes of the proprieties of German politics. It has been usual ever since the existence of the BLund to look upon Austria and Prussia together as the representatives of the Confederation, and if on the present occasion Austria has taken up a position at variance with the views of the rest of tlle Confederation, Prussia wil have no objection herself alone to represent the whole of Germany minus Austria, seeing that she is not invited to represent herself in her quality of " Great Power." The apparent wilirngness to see the Band s6)eiazllyrepresentedbyotherthanAustriaorPrussiaat the Conferences, that may be found towards the close of the despatch, is held out for the purpose of keeping well with the minor States, knowing that Austria would oppose anything of the sort; if Austria would accede to the idea, it would turn out, when arranging the details, that Prussia was just as much opposed to it as the other. Austria would have no objection to the Bund having a vote at the Conferences, provided she herself gets the proxy; Prussia would have no objection, provided she herself be the representative; while the Western Powers will have every objection to both cases on the broad principle of the Lund being no belligerent Power. The new proposition for the arrangement of the Sound Dues, made bythe Danish Government in thle Conference of the 29th ult., is nothing more than a tablean, showing how the amount which the Government asks for to capitalise the existing Sound Dues, may be divided among the different States concerned. The amount mentioned is not $36,000,000, as the French papers have stated, but $63,000,000. A petition has been presented to the King of Denmark, drawn up in Danish, German, Dutch, English, and French, and signed by about 2,4CO masters of vessels of all nations, praying for an extension of the anchoring ground at Elsinore. For those who may have money transactions with Denmark, it wiU be of importance to be informed that the Danish Government has just issued an instruction to the various postmasters of the kingdom to confiscate every money letter passing through their hands not registered and declared as such. The amount contained in the letter goes to the informant as his fee. The instruction is not signed l y any of the Ministers, but only by the General PostDirector. RUSSIA. We have received the St. Petersburg journals of the 9th inst. The Tourivwl de St. Petersbourg publishes an Imperial manifesto, announcing the marriage of His Majesty's brother, the Grand Duke lNicholas, with the Grand Duchess Alexandra Petrowna (Princess of Oldenburg). The Gazette publishes a long list of promotions in the army on the occasion. All the Imperial Grand Dukes are appointed Aides-de-Camp-General to the Emperor, retaining their other honours and appointments. A letter from St. Petersburg, of the 6th, in the Contstitutionnee, says " The marriage of the Grand Duke Nicholas with his cousin, the Princess Alexandra Petrowna, of Oldenburg, took place to-day. At early dawn the firing of cannon and the ringing of bells announced the opening of the fite. Although an7official programme of the proceedings had been published, it is not that one, you may be assured, which will be carried into effect. Alexander IL need not have ordered that St. Petersburg shall be illuminated for three nights, as wilbe so for a week-bythespontaneous wiloftheinhabitants Carriages and sledges thronged the streets of the capital, General officers in full uniform, ministers, members of the corps diplomaiique, civil and military functionaries, the members of the aristocracy, the wives of the ambassadors and of the grand dignitaries, glittering with diamonds and enveloped in the richest furs, were seen fiocldngtowards one point-theWinterlPalace. The streets and quayswere covered by an immense crowd, and the weatherwasso mildthat the people could witheut inconvenience to themselves stand still and witness the equipages passing. In the large state salon of the Winter Palace the invited gaests found assem, bled all the Imperial family and several foreign princes, relatives or friends of the Grand Duchess. The Emperor Alexander, the Empress Dowager, the Empress Maria, t' e Queen Dowager of the Netherlands, the GrandDuke Cesarewit_eh, the Grand Duk-es Constantine and Michael, Prince PeterandthePrincess Theresaof Oldenburg, PrinceAugustus of Wurtemberg, the young Dukes of Leuchtenburg, Princes of Romanoff, and other august personages surrounded the young couple. There were also present Baron Korff, grand master of the household of the Grand Duke N'ichola;, the grand mistress and the ladies of honour of the young Princess, and the suites of the two Empresses and tLe Grand Duchesses. All these ladies were- in the Russian national costume, which produced a charming effect in the midst of the brilliant uniforms and of the toilettes of the other ladies invited. Count Orloff, in the uniform of a General of cavalry, -wa also present, and received numerots congratulations on the subject of the important mission with which the confidence of hisSovereign has invested hins. Count Valentine Esterhazy also appeared amid the glittering throng for the first time at one of the Court galas. The Empress-Dowager did not go to the chapel in consequence cf her delicate health, and afterthe married couple hadreceived the nuptial benediction, they were saluted by aU the members of the Imperial famiily. Theinvitedguests then left the palace, to return in the evening to a grand barnquet and concert. It was at first intended that there should be a splendid ball, for which invitations had been issued, but the death of Marshal Paskdwitsch caused this arrngement to le changed, and a concert was substituted for it. If the weather this evening is as fine as it has been during the day the streets wil be thronged during the whole night. To-day and for the next few days it will be useless to dis- cuss here the question of peace or war, as the rejoicings for the marriage vill be the exclusive object of attention; the Crimea, the Western rowers, and the Conferences of Paris are for the moment nearly forgotten." SPAI. (FROM OUna OWN COstBSPOwDENir.) MADA ID, FEB. 12. The new Finance M1inister has not yet rmade known his plan for supplying the deficit which the abolition of the Excise duties on produce will create. The Nacion intimates that certain new taxes will be imposed, and that any remaining deficit will be covered by an operation of credit. The daily conferences of the Tariff Conmittee wi the representatives of the manufacturing interests still continue. The Espanua, which is liberal enough on the free-trade question, remarl;s on the absurdityof wasting time on a subject which is so perfectly understood, and hearing statements and argunieihts which have been so abundantly re. futed. Th4 funds were supported on the Bolsa to-day, I I exa:l1der von Humbo.dt. t The esta' Umaent in question is likelyto take shares to tlle awcul Eo£O,OO,Ofl. but gave way a little after the close. The Three per Cents. were done there at 38 cash, and the Deferred ditto at 23 i5. _J - IERICA, (BY ELECTC TELEGRAPIL) - LIVERPOOL, MoNDAY, 10 A.. The PRoyal Mail steam-ship Africa has arrived, with advices from New York to the 6th iistant. She has brought 30,394 dollars in specie on freight. Congress- was organized on the 2d, on the adoption of the plurality rule, by the election of Mr. BanksasSpeaker. The last ballot stood-Banks, 103; Aiken, 100; Scattering, 13. Subsequent to the declaration of the result, and the announcenent by the tellers that Mfr. Banks was chosen Speaker, objections were started by the KnowNothings as to the legality of the whole proceeding, whereupon a resolution endorsing the action of the House was offered and adopted, 39 members dissenting. On the 4th the usual course of swearing in the members took place. The official organ of the Government remarks:"Although the result is one that every rational man must regret,, yet, as the Republicans have a known majority in the house, and therefore are entitled to a Speaker, there is reason for acquiescing, inasmuch as it enables the machinery of Government once more to move on., There was some talk of a difference, on account of the transference of Riissian vessels to Americans. The Washington correspondent of the Heri'ald says,- "It has lea'ked out of tle State Department that the French Government has ass=med a position in relation to certain Russian vessels that have been transferred since the commencement of the Eastern war to citizens of the United States, being at the time of the transfer in American ports, which it is likely will makce difficulty unless the President faints. A list of the vessels has been furnished to Mr. Mason, our Minister at Paris, and the determination avowed on the part of the French and English Governments to hold themn as lawful prizes of war if they are captured. Mr. Mason, it is reported, exhibits some apprehension on the subject. The correspondence will probably be called for in a few days." Advices from Havanna of the 28th ult. report that two French frigates were in the harbour, but no Engliph. The United States' frigate Potomac had left for Key West. The stock of sugar in the market was smaller than usual, e.ing to the unpropitious state of the weather for harvesting and transporting. Madame Rachel had arrived at New York, en 2so0itC to England. On the 5th the Central American Question was again debated in the Senate, Mir. Foote denying the claims of England in Central America, &c. The idea of yielding her pretensions was not to be thought of. If England did not give way, he "would have her removed by force of arms." "Let England," he said, "Understand that we are in earnest about this, and that it is not a second edition of 54' 4ff or figlt, and then bask down to 49'. If, after so much forbearance, war comes, let it come. We shall be justified both by God and man." The Irish Filibusters at Cincinnati have been acquitted. The New York money-market was well supplied with capital,and morcantile paper of a high grademet with a freer currency at 8 to 9 per cent. for short, and 12 per cent. for long dates. On call 6 to 7 per cent. were the rates. The prices of stocks had gradually closed with a downward tendency. Sterling enchange was firm at 8 to 8 per cent. prem.; Bills on France were quoted at 5f. 22-1c. to 5f. 20c., 60 days; and 5f. 15c. short. In cotton a further advance of -c. to Ic. had taken place. The rn.+At fa flninr haLd flmr.innrl 2lin. p'.r hn-rrPl The iron market was quiet. Freights inactive. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATFEES. (mo0M our. ownT conr.Esro_xzhNTs.) Wind S. QQEENSTOWN, FEE. 10. Arrived-Quen and Pandora, from Marseilles; Charlotte of Derby and Princess Victoria, from Alexandria; Baldoz, trom Ragusa; Mary, from Marseilles; Swift and Martha, from Alexandria; Conqueror, from Larache ; Azof, from St. John's, N.B. SOUTHTAIMPTON, MONDAY MOnzrrG. Arrived.-Hopewell, from Swanage; la Poule, from Cherbourg; Cicely, Effort, and Taurus, from Sunderland. Sailed.-Snity, for Sunderland; Vectis, Elfreda, and Dangotiland, for Newport; Devonshire, steamer, for London; Argyll, steamer, for Carentan; Johanna Ehie, steamer, for Cardiff. (BY SUnMURsYE AND BarrI?e TELEGRAPH.) GRAVESEND, 3Oos)DvY, 9.59 Am.r Wind East, cloudy, and fresh; tide three hours' flood. Arrived, Feb. 17.-Lark, from Gijon; Blessing, from Brausels; Olive Von Wood and Suthft from Rotterdam; Acadia, from Antwerp; Maria, from lutken; Alma, from Christiania; Elizabeth, from Gothenburg; Diana, from Marstrand; Laura, from Odense; Eugenia Sophie, from Aarhuus; Warwe, from Medemblick Wind E.S.E., moderate. DEAL, MoNDAY, 9.41A. Passed, Feb. 17.-Ada, from London, for Mogador; Queen of Freedom, from Shields, for Constantinople. Passed, 15th.-Deane, from London, for Cape of Good Hope. STOCK EXCEIANGE. MONDAY MonNIG, 11 o'CLocK Consols for Mloney ... ... ... 90L to 9gConsols forAccount (MIarch 1l) ... 90 to 90t
UIVYEBSITY INTELLT!GENCE. OXFORD. FE. 17. In the convocation to be holden on Thursday next, the 21st inst., at 2 o'clock, the nomination of the R1ev. James Pecrs Tweed, 3.A., E-xeter College, the 11ev. John Ernest Bode, MLA., Christ Church, andthe Rev. William Andrew, M.A., Worcester College, to the office of Examiners for the Hertford Sc'holarship for the promotion of Latin Liters ture will besubmitted to the approbation of the House. In a congregation to he held immediately after the statut concerning the Os-reave Scholarship and the stipends and duaties of certain Professors] will be submitted tot te House inthformnwhahit as pomulatedon Taesday, the 12th inst. The statutie is dividperd intlo 19d votes Tthey proes sor test, the proviso that no Professorshall be Badeiffe Oh server or Public Lecturer in any College, the Baliol. endow. meat of the Savilian Professorshij of AsTronomy, the recr eetq ht h yAao esor shailnot practise, and the proviso that both he and the Laudian Professorof Arabio shall be members of convocation being to be put separatel The Craven statnte is to be the subject of a smngle vote. At the same time the statute concerning the Bedels, which was promulgated on Tuesday last, having been amended by the the Council (who have omitted the proviso for hiring additional Bedels on occasions of state~, wil be promulgated afresh. The statute concerning the nomination and adiission of Mroderators and Examiners will also be submitted to the House. fn a convocation to be held on Tuesday, Feb. 26, at 2 o'clock, the form of statute formakingeertain alterations in thesttuts,chifl fond whchwasacepted by congregsatioonTutes dadyZlTast,will hesuhbmitted forapproval. In a cengregation to he held immediately after a new statute will be promulgated, the object of which is explained to be "the abrogation of those portions of the present exminationstaute hic fixthetimeforcomencing the several examinations at 10 oclockl, and to give power to the examiners to commence at any convenient hour, after due notice ; and the remRoval of the re4triqtior by which an examiner in the final schools who has completed his full ter oftwoyeas cnnobereapoitedunil two yearso have elapsed, by providing that in the cl-assical and histor in the mathexiaia'adntra cec schools after one The voluntary examination in Tholg will behldo Monay,Marb 1, i th MeaphsieilSchool. Candidates are requested to send in teir names to the Rtegius Proessr o Diiniy (r. acoson onor beoeTuAa, A paper has b6een issuea from the pessoigtee 1,500?. Os. SAld. ThebalancontbehandsoftheVice-Chanteler s 122 s. AShTherat oftarfor the ensuing year
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. AUSTRiA. I (FROM OtR OWN DORflSPONDENT) VIENNlA, 3An. 12. _-1:44m raely deserve the Uttejitn of p j~~~ ~~bont todis~~~~~~Iay. the foroign-pmublic, but3 1 Aaudr I iiboutna g =nlsual energy at Fanlktort, It ,s necessary i a brief account of what has recently been doing " in t;: great Fatherland." On or about the 20th of January Count Buol forwarded a despatch to Berlin, in wl:;ch honourable mention was made of the exertions of Prussia to persuade the Court of Russia to accept the propositions made by Count Valentine Esterhazy. It was then hinted that if the Prussian Government was willing to accede to the conditions which were to form the basis of the negotiations for peace, the Western Powers would hardly object to P'russia's sharng in,the approaching conferences. Ti conclusion, the Austrian Minister for Foreign Affairs fornally announced his intention to move in the German Diet that the fundamental conditions of peace, as agreed to by the if our great Eropean Powers and Turkey, should be adopted by theButtd. The answer to the Austrian lespatch was received here at the end of January, bout the Berlin Cabinet is said to have declared its resolve notto quit the position which it has occupied ever since the beginning of the Oriental difference. Prussia, in her desire to see peace restored, warmly recommended the Austrian *propositions to the acceptance of Russia, but it never washer inten- I tion to force them upon her. The Berlin Cabinet further expressed its apprehensions that difficulties would arise at Franlfort, as the Bund might be wiling to declare its approbation of the propositions, without pledging itself to maintain them. As Austria could not succeed in persuading Prnssia to go hand in hand wsith her at Frankfort, she resolved to act alone, and, accordingly, on the 7th of this month Count Rechberg proposed that the propositions agreed to by the four great European Powers and Turkey should be adhered to by the Bimd. By the influence of Prussia, who was probably supported by Saxony, the matter was at once referred to the political committee, and it is generally supposed that the Austrian motion is to be " burked ;" but the Imperial Government has resolved that such shall not be the case. The matter will be warmly followed up, and at no distant period the illustrious German Diet will be called on openly to declare whether it accepts or rejects peace propositions which have met with the approval of by faYi the greater part of Europe. People here are inclined to believe that, with the assistance of Bavaria, they will have a majority in the Diet, but M. von der Pfordten inspires me with little more confidence than ML von Beust and Baron' Hugel, the Saxon and Wurtemburg MEnisters, who are themece toolsof Russia. ColonelManteuffel,the E(<nvoy Extraordinary of His Prussian M3\ajesty, has at length quitted Vienna, and, his mission is pronounced by the best judges of'such delicate matters to hava beena total failure. in order that Colonel Manteuffel should not be accused by his employers of want of zeal, it must be stated that he was, during the last few days of his stay here, so extremely importunate that more than one of the members of the diplomatic corps is deligThted that his sojourn in this city is at an end. There is a report in the city that the ESmperor Alexander II. w.ill visit Paris if peace is concluded; but thosepersons.who are best informed on such matters aflirmn that it is totally devoid of foundation. Count Buol leaves for Paris this evening, but the Cabinet is so desirous to publish the ordinances relative to the concordat without delay that he is even now-2 o'clock-closeted with the other members of the Concordat Committee, which was some time since appointed by the Emperor. SARDIN.IA. (FRo-w ova oWN connzsPonzrqbE.) TURIM, Fa. 13. In addition to the intelligence communicated in my last of the receipt in Milan of the intentions of the Imperial Government to grant a certain amount of amnesty, it is known here to-day that the Sardinian Government has received, through its Charge d'Affaires there, an intimation from the G,overnment of Vienna that it is prepared to raise the sequestratiuo froisthe properties or aennt ramea Austrian subjects, provided they will retuan to their country and reassume their citizenship, or, in case of their preferring to reside abroad, the Inperial Royal andApostolicGovernmentwill consent tohand over their properties to their- heirs and successors (provided, I suppose, that such inheritors shall be Austrian subjects), and they are to have until the end of the present year to make their election ! It is now just three years sincethese properties were sequestrated, and though repeated applications have been since made to the Imperial sense of justice, both by individuals and by Governments, it is a fact worthy of observation that it is only on the eve of a conference, which may peradventture lead to a congress, that this sense of justice has been moved. It was well known that the sequestration of property belonging to Sardiriian subjects was one of the claims likely to be advanced by Sardinian diplomatists, and, therefore, a very natural desire has been exhibited to arrange matters before arbitration should become necessary, not only to avoid the scandal thereof, but also the obliggation which would be incurred towards the arbitrators. But the abovementioned proposal fals far short of satisfying any one among the owners of sequestrated property, for those who have been naturalized in Sardinia (and they have generally been so) have no desire to return as Austrian subjects, or that their children should become such; and as to the jutstice of the case, it cannot be too often repeated that the 9th section of the Imperial Royal Austrian Patent of Emnigration of the 2tth of March, 1832, says, "Persons duly authorized to emigrate lose their quality of Austrian subjects, and for al and every effect of civil political law 'wll be treated as foreigners," and it has long been agreed by treaty between the two nations that the subjects of each should be allowed to possess property in the territories of the other, and transact business personally orby power of attorney. The Austrian Government has hitherto always refused tofulfil these conditions, and now expresses a wish to " drop a veil over the pas" 'inthis matter, whichcertainlyisnot inconsistent with its traditional policy, but the sufferers from its conduct are most anxious that truth should be vnmasked and exposed to the light of day, in order that the world may judge fairly between them and theC (;overnment. It would appear that the Archbishop of MIlan is so little pleased with the success of his circular to the hbrarians, &c., of his diocess that those about his person have been active lately in giving it to be undersood that it was merely intended as an eszJlo,1tionZw and not a Comm S. *Whether this explanation will satisfy his own party or not seems uncertain, but it has altogether failed to soothe the irritation of the opponents of Papal supremacy, and it is said that the Lombard bishops, or a certain portion of them, are to repair to Vienna in the spring to hold a consultation there with the German prelates of the empire on the interpretation of the concordat.
COIIRT OF CoMMoN Cotuc.-At a Court of Common Council held on Friday, some conversation took place upon the subject of corporation reform, the result of which appeared to be that the Government had gienan intimation that it had not yet been able to ature a biU upcn the subject. A very long discussion ensued respecting the report "on the ssveral petitions relative to the baths audwashbousesin Goulston-suare, Wlhitechapel,andrecommending the purchase thereo , at the sum at which they are offered, viz., 11,5001" Mr. Towse referred to the opinion of ar. Simon, the late Officer of Health of the cityof London, and to varions circumstances, with a view to show that the opportunity of benefitting the pcorer classes by the purc se in question ought not to he neglected, and moved that the report of the committce be agreed to. The motion was seconded by Mr. Abraham, who said that the question was not whether the establishment would pay, but whether it would not be advisable to purchase at a low price the means of improving the health and increasing the comforts of the poor. Mr. Cox spoke in favour of baths and wash-honses, but condemned the proposed purchase as a job, and moved the previous question as an amendment. 3Mr. Anderton, who seconded the amendmLent, said that he also was an advocate for baths and washkouses, and he then proceeded to state various objections to the establishment in Goulstone-square. Mr. Bel said that his name appeared to the report, but he put it there to forwardth6 pnnciple of baths andwasbhouses, and he Wasdecidedlyopposed to the motion. 3r.H.}Tayloropposedthereport.Aider lalAwrence supportedit. Mr. Frsxid,thecorporation ought not to look to profit alone m speculating upon the advantages of a purchase. Hie denounced that doctrine, but he was not quite sure that the present irsa a speculation into which the corporation ought to enter, and -ie should therefors withhold his support. After a few words from 3r. De Jersey, who opposed the original motion an ad from Mr. Tovwe, who rep]ied, the previous questionwas darried by a majority of 45. The numbers beimg-for the zmendment, 62; for the original motion, 17.
THE TVKBH ABRMY IN 1IYGRELIA. I TUlMSHI ARMY, bENGBELIA, J%us. 10. (FOM A COFXMPONDT.) Since the date of my last'letter the tran- -_ . the camp hasbeen in no way disturlb- 1'- itifty Of -. ,. .. ~.11tbythe enem~y, | to is tUppogea w7>-_'Q sfr2 eara __as farasS dte Vd 1in; As Pasha made a Tieconnaissance - with four bMaiff6ts of infantry, and explored the country for sobi distanae to the left of the Kutais road. Ite reached a point on the bank of the river Seva, fro.-a which a small encampment of militia could bZrely be mnde - outbythetelescope. Expeditions hsve been sent in other directions also, the chief object of wnich is to exercise the men in marching, and to withdraw them for a time from the stifling atmosphere of their charcoal-heated tents. The rear of the camp just reaches the brow of a hil overlooking the valley of the Seva; and on this hill formidable earthworks have been thrown up and guns mounted, rendering the position nearly impregnable. Huts are springing up in all directions, and officers and men are anticipating three months of not unpleasant idleness. The axes of the TuLrks have completely changed the face of the country, and the dense forest which clothed it a month ago has nearly disappeared from. the neighbourhood of the camp, so that the invasion must eventnally have a great influence in promotng tho cultivation of the rich alluvial soiL Improving roads are steadily working changes for the better in the condition of the troops-changes doubtless due, in some measure, to the presence of Omar Pasha at RedoutKaleh. Strings of beasts,ladenlvithclothing and provisions, may daily be seen upon their way, although the d.ifficulty and expense of transport are such as still to limit the supplies. This limitation has just made itself felt in an order directing all uzbashis (captains) and all officers of inferior rank tosell then horses forthwith, so as to diminish the demand for forage; while the baggage aninals have been so long on starvation allowance that their numerous carcasses scarcely attract the wild dogs and jackals of the country. It is much to be wished that civilization could so far prevail in Constantinople as to procure the addition of limejuice to the Turkish ration; for, as at present fed, the approach of summer will inevitably seethe men decimatedby scurvy, asthey were last year at Eupatoria. There has been a distribution of honours and rewards to the troops engaged on the Ingour, a distribution which has aflorded an amusing illustration of the contrast between Western and Oriental notions. The officers who commanded in the action were ordered to send in lists of such of their subordinates as they deemed worthy of the MIedjidie. Lieutenant-Colonel Ballard satisfied himself by a list of 13 names. Osman Pasha, who had about the same number of killed and wounded, and whose force occupied a position scarcely of equal importance, sent in 230 ! The requisition of each officer was strictly complied with. Under Colonel Ballard the men of real merit alone were decorated. 'Under Osman Pasha every officer who either was or ought to have been engaged-those who ran away, those who remained at their post-all received the order of merit. Among the number were numerous pipebearers to the principal officers; but, under the Turldish system, rewards to these men are more ludicrous in seeming than in reality. An officer of any rank, when his troops are going into action, has his carpet spread upon the ground they are about to leave, dismounts from his horse. squats down, calls for his pipe, wishes his men God speed, and endeavours, more or less successfully, to deaden terrorbythe soothing influence of tobacco. The chibouque-jee, compelled by respect to stand behind his master, is, of course, far more exposed to danger than he, and servants of this class who will do their duty within sound of firearms, and cillcnstantly be ready with the solace so much needed by their employers, are not only highly valued, but deserve decoration at least as much as thei employers. It is, however, unfortunate that an order, founded w ith good intentions, should he bestowed so indisc.riminately as to lose all value, whether in the eyes of officers or of men. The cost of the decoration, given alike to the brave man and to the coward, is a fruitless expenditure of money that cannot be too strongly condemned. To-ether with the orders some jewelled swords were sent to the officers of Osman Pasha; and of these swords one has fallento the lot of a colonel whosonghtrefugge in ahospitalduringthe whole battle of the Ingour, and whom the surgeons vainly attempted to dislodge. Accustomed to the bravery of everyclass of our own troops, Eng,lish readers wtill scarcely comprehend or credit the cowardice of T'urkish officers. Some of those under the orders of Colonel Ballard sheltered themselves in a house during the action, and, when directed to join theirr men, objected, saying that there was no cover, and t.hat they would be exposed to fire on their advance. Itisreportedthat Colonel Ballard promised these men the cover they required, andthat he actually afforded it, by taking them one by one behind him upon his horse, and thus conveying them to their posts of duty. On the 6th the arrival of a mail from England brought oiut copies of Lieutenant-Colonel Simmons's despatch. Colonel Simmons mentions with due honour the names of Colonels Ballard and Cadell, and the name of the late Captain Dymock; but he passes over in total silence the two other British officers who were concerned in the engagement. Surgeon Edwards, of the British medical sta4 and his assistant, MIr. Turner, were stationed by Colonel Simmons at a point from which the roads taken by the three columns of attack diverged. They remained there, exposed to fire, during the whole time of the battle, had the entire. charge of all the wounded, and were occupied without intermission until daybreak1 on the ,th in the performance of operations and in attendance upon injuries. They subsequently had all the patients under treatment until fit for removal, and then accompanied them to Shemserai, where, for the first time, the poor unfortunates were handed over to the tender mercies of the Turks. Omar Pasha, although himself taking the standard military view of the value of doctors, could not shut his eyes to the services of Surgeon Edwards, and requested Colonel Simmons to convey to that gentleman. his especial thanks. But Colonel Simmons did not think this sufficient to procure for Surgeon Edwards the honourable mention he so entirely earned; and from which alone he could derive real credit or permanent advantage, as a consequence of the proper discharge of his arduous duties.
2O THE EDITOB OF THE TIMfES. Sir,-In the report of Thursday nigtht's debate on Sir T. Shelley's motion, Mr. Napier (~aUndg Zto Baron -enne, father) is reported.as saying, '&Chief Justice Doherty, a pcerson of greater infirxnituii was not asked tn Eo crct." 1 beg to say tat during the 20 years my father presided as Chief Jutce ho nover missed a circuit;- and, so far fron la'courig under any infirnities, his lst appearance in his offcil character s at the summer assizeb in 1850, ut a few weeks ,alas before he was cut suddenly offinthe full vigour of manhood and intellect. I am. Sir. Your obedient sepvnt - GEO. CA£NThO DORERTW hlanpton. Court Palce, Feb. 16.
THE LIFE PEERAGE. TO THE EDITOi OF THE TLMES. Sir,-Your excellent and common-sense leading article ix WCdnesdal's Times has directed public attention to the real question involved in the controversy now raging in the 'Upper House of Parliament. The moot point is, not really whether the Crown p Eeses an unlimited prerogative of creating Peers, nor whetlher the Sovereign has or has not Properly exercised such undeniable prerogative in favour of Lord Wensleydale. The true issue is,as your articlesimply stated, the retentionby the Lords of their appellate jurisdiction; the modification of that usurped jurisdiction, or its transfer to a supreme court of experienced, responsibie, and paid judges. Whethter such a new and improved jurisdictioni should hold its courts inside or outeide the House of Lords is a question of coraptrative indifference to suitors, however an important consideration as respects the future authority and permanency of an upper chamber of hereditary Peers. Now to the question,-3 very old story. The facts respeCting the ancient .nd modem appellate jurildiction are Lriefly as follows :-Till the reign of Edward L the King's Couencilhad votes, or sufrages, in thelegaljudgments of the Court of Parliament. Th7ey were summoned thither by writ under the Great Seal. Lord Hale proved that in the reign of Edward II. "they began to be in the nature of assistantsor advisers only." They were still summoned, had seats on the woolpacks distinct from the Peers, who sat on benches. These assistant-judges were de facto the deciders of appeals. They heard the argutments, and pronounced the judgments in the name of the Sovereign and the Peers. In old times the Kings were never present, the Peers rarely. The sleeping copartners were a myth, although the judicial procedure was nominally in the Court of Parliament, and had all its autthority. Thus much for fiction, alias falsehood. In process of time, and as jobbing found occasion, the lay Lords adjudicated aPpeals without judges or legal assistants. Lord Hale denounced the eNil in his admirable treatise on this abominable jurisdiction, expo6ing the corruption prevalent, and the consequent miscarriage of justice. He declares that it was " a fashion" in tho Rouse of Lords for their Lordships to rulc in favour of "1 kindred, friends, favourers, landlords, tenants, or relatives " in his own words, that their Lordships were "sweetened," and "that it was come to that pass that men even hired or borrowed of their friends handsome sisters or daughters to deliver their petitions" (Viide Sug- icsesTrcaatise of the Lazcof Pr-pcs-t, as adminis:'er-d by the Hozstc of Lordst, p. 13). Burnet states that Charles II. in pri-ate matters of justice canvassed the Peers personally in the house lik-o " a common solicitor," and employed even Iadies in his Royal vocaition who had credit with their Lord-hips. The jurisdiction was the constant subject of complaint and scandal, but the Peers held fast and grasped tightly their usurped power. In the case of one author of a pamphlet who had complained of an appellate judgment their Lordships compelled an apology, voted it a false and scandalous libel, and ordered the sheets to be burnt by the common hangman. Nevertheless, the suitors and some honest lawyers continued their demands for reform. Lord Somers sagadonsly perceived the peril when the practical didiculties of working such a defective jurisdiction were thus patent. That great statesman publicly in the Upper House reprimanded the judges for non-attendance on the Lords on the hearing and decision of appeals. The judges, overloaded in their own courts, did not heed the rebuke. Mr. Mfacqueen observes that objurgatory admonitions in such instances are not calculated to make zealous assistants ; nay, when occasionally the judges did attend, the judicial decisions did not mend. In the well-known case of " Reeve v. Long"' (1, Selk., 2?7) the Lords, on a question of pure law, reversed a decision pronounced in the Common Pleas, all the judges, including Lord felt, being against the reversal, the Lords voting " at Large.- nir src;aw Ou6Oa- tp. o, cummenenig on that particular reversal, condemns it as not only " contr3ar to the settled law, but, in truth, wholy beyond the jurisdiction of the House.", The scandal of the more modern O'Connell case it is not necessary to disturb. Why, tlhen, when the Crown, acting by its Mmisters, confers a life peerage on an eminent judge, with the object of adding-judicial strength to the Lords' appellate jurisdiction, should the noble opposition raise the quostion of the prerogative ? If their Lordships are disposed to part with the present condemned system of appeals, then they.might be excused in their opposition to a possible unlmited creation of life Peers, and although such an abuse of Royal power is not very probable. But without some life Peers howr are they long to retain their appellate jurisdiction? Howr otherwise than by life Peers can the judicial constitutionoftheirHousebe amended? Sofar asnew hereditary !au- peerages no means exist of proper or sufficient addition to the peerage. Where are the heads and fortunes in the Inns of Court for hereditary succession ? What alternative do the Opposition Lords propose? The Gordian knot must be untied or cut. Either the Legislature must reconstruct the appelate jurisdiction within the House of Lords or the Lords must abandon it wholy. Here is the fi-, and tlhe real issue. Now, -what have been the expressed and public opinions of the Opposition law lords themselves respecting this defective appelate jurisdiction ? All have, in turn, especially wheen commoners, condemned the tribunal! Lord Brougham always in the Lower House stigmatized the appellate tribunal as the grossest defect in our judicial establishments. ln1S34 he presented a bill in the Lords to enable the House to refer all appeals and writs of errors to the Judicial Committee of the Privy Council, on whose report or recommendation the Peers would decide. This wvas a polite compromise plan, but, of course, was "dropped." lord Canipbell, in 1842, when moving the second reading of a biUl establishing the Htouse of Lords as the sole court of ultimate apPeal, wvith power to sit throughout the whole judicial year, admitted in his Conimons speech that formerIy " all appeals were to the Sovereign in Parliament; and the separation of the Privy Council from the House of Lords was a departure from the ancient judicial constitution of the country." Lord St. Leonard's, in 1S25; in a published letter to Lord Melbourne, declared " that an effective Court of Appeal is a necessity, and can no longer be dispensed with." In 1849 the same noble lord, in the introductory chapter to his invaluable treatise on the lavr of real property as administered in the House of Lords, gives a history of defects and abuses, and repeats his opinion in favour of an entire reconstruction of the tribunaL Lord Cottenham was equally pronoLnced in favour of complete reformation. Lord Langdale ad-ocated the appointment of permanent judges in aid of the law lords, consisting of a lord-president and lord's-assistant, such lords not necessarily to bePeers. Lord Cottenham had proposed also the appointment of a Chief Justice in Chancery. In later years our colonies have become emancipated from thfe old appellate jurnsdiction, and the result of Lord Landsdovne's motion in 1827 eventually set free our East Indian empire. The Hfouse of Lords has also of late years been lightened of its appellate control over some secondary departnments of the law. Thus, for two centuries past, have the Peers been self condemned, though they still persist in absurdly and mischievously defending a position soon untenable. How many years longer are the suitors to be made the shuttlecock and grievous sufrerers in this contest for the diqnities and privileges of the Peers? The Lords wil not de.ude the country by their senseless discussions on the prerogative of the Sovereign, though they may damage the Crown, and limit its future power of maintaining and popUlarzing the constitution of their own body. An aristocracy would be intolerable without a sovereign power of re-creation. Let the Lords, therefore, beware of false steps. The Commons will soon take part on the right - of the people to cheaper and undelayed justice in the worn-out appellate juriseiction. A sham plea is a despicable fiction, now abolished in common iaw ANE OLD BENC{ER. Lincoln's-inn, Feb. 1.3. The SPe-IIer gave his secondl Parliamentary clinner on SaturdaY evenng. There were presnt the Marquis of GranbY, Lord Henn~r G. Lennox, Lord Stanley, the Rigt Hon. Lord Naas, -Lord Claud Hamilton, the Right Hion. Colonel -Fores'ter, t'he Right Hon. Sir John Pkinrgtn, the - Rigltt -Hon.. Spencer Walyole, the Right Ron. l3naminuDiraeli, the Rig-ht Hon. Toseph Warner Heney, tlie.Rigbt Hon. Christopher Hlamilton, the Right Hn. GeorgeBankes, the Rlgt Hon. joeh Napier, the n. I G. lddel, te Ho. Catain ulncomibe, Sir Willim JolSire,George Ber celey, Sir .-Frederim 'fles ~e, Sr itzoyKelly, Mr. Augustus. Stafford, r. He~ allle,ColnelTaylor, lieutenant-oDIonel Duane, Mr. . W PsrreontBentinck, Sir Thomnai Herbert; -Mr. L. . Wgran, he evT. Gamier, and C. FL Lefroy, Esq. Exc~e wre eciY~dfrom Lord Newport, -the Right Hon. Sir Tohn Trollope,Mr. Whiteside, Mr. Knigh1t, Mr. G. Iiasilton, Sir Bulwor Lyttozi, and M0. P4k-e,
LIGHT CA VALRY TACTICS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-Lord Cardigan, in answering on Saturday last the remarks which I mademin your impression of the preceding day, admits that while his brigade was perisliing from exposure and starvation on the heights in face of the enemy, he, their commanding ofiicer,was residing seven miles in their rear on board a pleasure yacht in the harbour of Balaklava, visiting his wretched troops " almost every day," and sometimes even "twice a-day." Whenthe Russians surprised the British army at Inkermann I am assured on the very best authority that the commander of the Light Cavalry was away in bed on board ship, i and did not-indeed, could not-reach the Light Cavalry camp till that fearful struD'leewsnal decided. e was nearl Lord Cardigan declares that he acted thus by the advice and at the recommendatien of the late Lord Raglan.. I conceive, hoxvever, that in pleading L ord Raglan's sanction for suchs an unsoldierlike proceeding, Lord Cardigan, without clearing himself, has dealt the heaviest blosw which the mailitary replitation of the late Commander-in-Chief has yet sustained. Hear Napoleon on the duties of a general of light cavahry. WVriting to 1MIarshal Berthier from Paris on the 2d of January, 1812, he says, " I wish you to write me a report for publication on the correspondence respecting General Girard's affair. It seems that General Britche was posted on the side by which the enemy attacked; that he was completely surprised, not in his bivouac, but in bed in a comfortable house, while the horses of his Hussars were unsaddled. My object is to impress upon the generals and colonels of light troops the principle that a conunnander of Hussars or Chasseurs who goes to bed, instead of spending the niglhts in bivouac or in constant communication with his main guard, deserves death." What would have been Napoleon's verdict if the culprit had been proved to have taken up his residence seven miles in the rear of his comniand on board ship, content with riding up occasionally in the daytime to look at his dying troops-dying of cold and starvation, too, while around their General's marine abode there was abundant food and clothing ? Lord Cardigoan does not deny that Lord Raglan signified to him, in an offlicial letter, of which there must be a copy at the Horse Guards, his displeasure at the employment at such a moment of his wretchedcavalry horsesto carry messages to and fro between the Enchlantress yacht and the light cavalry camp. Lord Cardig-an declares that the said yacht was not a vessel brougiht to Balakilava expressly for his own convenience. He explainsthat he had lent her to a friend, who chanced to come there, and place her at his disposaL. I am convinced that what his Lordship says mustbe true; but at the same time I must observe that such was noi the impression in tlle Crimea. It was believed that the Enchantress was brought out at Lord Cardigan's expense and direction, for his especial accommodation, by a connexionr of his own. Had not the authorities at Balaklava believed this, they certainly would not have allowed such a large vessel on a mere pleasuretrip to occupy for months space in that little harbour, while crowds of transports with their precious freights were kept waiting, to the total loss of many, in the perilous anchorage outside. Lord Cardigan affirms that " no correspondence is in existence which can in any degree reflect upon him." I have no doubt that such is his opinion. But I askl his LordshiD whether he dirl not, at the most critical moment of the campaign, bring officially before the Commander-in-Chief a number of most. serious charges against his commanding officer, and wlhether Lord Raglan, after in vain urging Lord Cardigan to withdraw those charges, did not officially intimate to him his deliberate decision that on every one of them he (Lord Cardigan) was in- the wrong, and his commanding officer in the right? Did not Lord Raglan also point out to L.ord Cardigan the deplorable example he was settine to the rest of the army by his incessant squabl es with Lord Lucan ? Whether such a correspondence did or did not takc place may easily be proved by reference to the cir of tIp .TTnm (nards, or by the examination of Lord Lucan and of Lord Raglan's military secr etary, Colonel Steele, who is now in London. If Lord Cardigan can show that he represented to the Lieutenant-General commanding the Cavalry Division from day to day that his brigade was perishing and useless from sheer starvation, and that there was abundant food for them at Balaklava, which they could only obtain by going thither to fetch it, and if he can further show that his commanding oDlicer refused to allow him to take the only step which could have maintained his horses and naenin serviceable condition, then will he stan I exonerated from the grievous charge which is now hanging over him. Blt, in that case, as the danger which necessitated sutch a painful and certain sacrifice of the Light Brigade must have been supposed to be imminent, L ord Cardigan will still stand convicted of having for the sake of his owvn comfort lived at such a distance from the troops under his charge in their hours of suffering and death as to have rendered the proper execution of his duty on the sudden emergency which was expected at any moment to occur entirely out of the question. Again I say, Sir, in justice to the memory of the lateLord Raglan, in justice to LordsLucan and Cardigan,-who consider themselves calumniated, and, above all, in justice to the British nation, let us have a public and searching inquiry into this matter. I am. Sir. vour obedient servant A CIVILa1.
THE NLur,s.-The British and North American Mail ste.amship America sailed for Boston and Halifax today, with a large cargo and 104 passengers. REPRESENTATION or LE0iMSSTE= -The election of a member for this borough in the place of Mr. Arkwtrght, deceased, takes place to-day (31onday), but, should bo,h candidates go to the poll, which is fully expected, the election will not be decided until to-morrow. The late member, whose political opinions were Conservative, repre. aented the borough for 14 years; and, on his deatb, rhJ. H.. Arkwright, wvho baa recently come of age, w-s solicited by the electors to allow himself to be at in n,omination, but declined on the seem of youth and inexperience -disqualifications seldom pleaded on such occasions. TIn a short address issued to the electors, in reply to their invitation, Mr. Ark-wright says:-" I regret that at present I do not feel myself sufficiently acuerienced in public afgress to undertake those important anties which at this critical period munst devolve upon a membPer of Parliament." The candidates in the field are Mr. James Camnpbel, and IWr. Gathorne Hardy,- beth strangers to Leomninster. Mtr. Campbell is favourable to an extension of the suffiage vote by ballot, "-and generally to those measures of progress and improvement wvhich have uasually received the support of the Liberal party." He isalsoforadministrative reforn, and considers army and navy reform, and a just distribution of rewds and promotions in those branches of the public service as '-necessary'or the safety and honour of the country" In hispublished address he writes - "The vigorous prosecution of the war until we obtain a safe and lasting peace for ourselves as well as for the more exposed States of the continent, and a lmitation of Russian encroachments in Asia wvould be the first condition of my support to any Governmxnt, and that condition seems at present to be fulfilled by those now at the head of affairs." Mr. Hardy is the Conservative candidate, and advocates the extension of education, based on relgion, and an amendment of the law, and would-not be slow to amend our political'constitution where reason is shown for alteratibn, but will not try ra.h experiments. As to the war he says,"Having embarked in the struggle for no selfish objects, we ought not to sheathe the sword unless those cbjects are thoroughly secured. Peace is a great blessing, bnt it may be bought too dearly," 8Sc. TEE LSHIPPING DUES BITx.-The perturbation which Mr. Lowe's speech on the shipping dues produced in various parts of the kingdom will not be dnminislhedby the publication of the measure itself. To say the truth,it is a rather formidable production for weak nerves. Parliamentary bills, except w hen theytoach some pethumani. tariua topic, are terribly devoid of sympathy. They cut asunder the most ancient and tenderly cherished ties without athrob of anguish. Snug nestsin which a sauccession of octogenarian blrds have nestled for one cannot tell how manay centuries, are rent into a cloud of sticks and feathers witli no more emtior. than the sportsmna. displays as he bags his 50th brace of partridges. Trhe easy habits which have been fostered by a dateless familiarity with -a purse filled ast tpublic expense are roughly shouldered into rectitudew and affluent corporations are sent to honest povirty *without a tear. Mr. Lowe's bill is pre-eininently a document of this sort. It deals a finishing blow to the jobbery which-has gsolon victimized the shipping intetst of this country, andthrougl them filched to some extent. bverymerchhant, mainlufacturer, andconpsaner- throughoit t.heo land. The culprits with which it deals are the last of their order. The shipping monopoly has been overthrown. The irresponsible and costly prerogatives of the London.Trinity Eouse have been brought within more just and useful limits. There only remainedthe exactions which were still perpetrated under the name of frssiag tolls, town. dues, $e., and stern impatiality requsr~d thatthese should also bc sent to their accont. 'However severe the meaisu re, it fi^s become one of simpile justice aind the newv state of things 'will onliy mould ois mercantile instiitutions on the model of utiiityau¢deqiait?.-Wiaclfartes. Ezxaniine-cn Tim7e1 - - -
I NE7W PALACE AT WESTMLNSTER. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE S. Sir,-As you have given to the public in your last number the substance of a minute of the Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury respecinlg their decision upon imy claims as the architect of the New Palace at Westminster, I trust you will do me the favour toinsert in your next number the following statement, which, I believe, fairly elucidates the case to which that minute refers. T am Sir- mour ob1din.nt serrant CHARLES BARRY. Old Palace-yard, Feb. 15. SI CHARLES BARRY AND THE TREASURYAICaITEOrS REMOr ERATION. Previous to Sir Charles Barry's appointment in the year 183, the estimate for the then proposed building was re. ported to Parliament, with an alowance attached to it, by the Board of Works, of the suad commission for the architect of 5 per cent.; and he entered apon his dutie3 upon the understanding that such should be the amount of hi remuneration. After an exercise of those duties for more than 18 months ho was informed of an order from theTreasury that,for certain reasons assigned, his remuneration was to be limited to a fixed sum of 'U2i000, being nearly 10,000?. short of his stipulated com. mission, and that the same priznciple of limitation was to be applied to all public buildings from that time. Against this decision Sir Charles entered a protest, which has never been answered or contested; nevertheless, by the advice of his friends, be acquiesced in the decision, upon condition that it should be reconsidered on the completion of a considerable portion of the work, when ho expressed his belief that the injustice of such a reduction from his legitimate claims would be manifest. Owing to a considerable extension of the building, numerous changes in its design and internal arrangemente, which have not only been sanctioned but commended by Parliamentary committees of inquiry, unlooked for difficulties in the progress of the work, particularly as to the foundations in the river, great increase in the value of materials and labour, and other causes beyond his control, the smount of expenditure incurred and the time for executing the works have been greatly increased; by which the reasons 'assigned for the reduction of the architect's remuneration have been falsified, and not one of the conditions of that, reduction has been fulfilled. The Government has in effect admitted the nullity of that arrangement by makdng unconditional payments to the arcnitect, from time to time, of about 20,0001. beyond the original fixedffsum. After much negotiation with maiy successive Governments for nearly 20 years' the present one has made an offer of 4 per cent. npon outLay, and a special recompense for the trouble and difficulties encountered by the architect in respect of the warming, ventilating, and lighting arrangements of the building. To avoid further contention, but not until after having in vain urged repeatedly a reference to arbitration as the only fair and proper mode of deciding upon the various questions at issue, Sir Charles has been induced, at a very considerable sacrifice, to consent to the principle of remuneration now proposed, upon condition that certain extra services, not pertaining to his duties as architect of the new palace, and to which the proposed commission can have no reference, should be recognized and recompensed, either by a fixed sum or at such an amount as might be determined by arbitration, to which proposition, however, the Government has not acceded. Sir Charles thinks it right to advert to several of the passages in their Lordshipe minute which appear to him to bo founded upon a misapprehension of what has passed, and to which he has already alluded in a letter to the Treasury, forwarded since the presentation of their Lordships' minute to Parliament. L With respect to the appointment of the late Mr. Pugin, he had already stated, with reference to a claim made by their Lordslsips for a set-off upon the architect's commission on account of moneys paid to him, that Mr. Pngin was not employed upon any duties that devolved upon the architect of the new palace, inasmuch as all designs for that building hademanated fromSirCharles himself; but only as the superintendent of the wood-carving department, in carrying out the architect's designs to which offile he was appointed by the Government at a salary. 2. With reference to the measurement of the work-, he had already explained that a portion of it was executed by his own clerks of works, and not, as stated in their Lordships' minute, by the officers of the Board of Works. 3. That as the mention made of the furniture in the minute might lead to an inference that ho had supplied it, h o n- at- that Lo ia& on7 boo -ployoa Xo make the designs for it, see to its being properly executed in accordance with the contract, and check the accounts. 4. With reference to the remark in their Lordships, minute as to the duration of the misunderstanding between himself and the Government, he stated that one of his greatest hardships had been the constant delays and postponements which had occurred in the consideration of his case, and that during a period of more than 15 years he had done all in his power to effect a settlement of them; and had constantly urged, without effect, the fairness and propriety of a reference for that purpose, by which he should have been perfectly willing to abide. lastly. He noticed an omission in their Lordships' minute, on the subject of Mr. Vhits renly to their last proposalnamely, that he did not decline, but accepted the principle of it, reserving only the question of a portion of the extra services for which he proposed a fixed sum or a reference. Sir Charles conceives that he has a right to complain that the Lords Commissioners of Her Mfajesty's Treasury have constituted themselves the judges in their own case; that they have formed their decision partly upon expartle statements, to which he is an entire stranger; that, vhile they are now paying at the least 5 per cent. to all architects and engineers of independent practice for works of the plainest and most simple, although most expensive, character, they make the New Palace at Westminster, which undoubtedly is the most elaborate and complicated edifice in modern times in this country, the sole exception, and propose not only to pay to its architect nearly 20,0001. less than his legitimate claims, but to deprive him of all remuneration whatever for many extra services not pertainin' to his duties as the architect of the new palace, an? to which their offer of commission can have no reference; and, lastly, that their Lordships have not acceded to a reference of the several questions at issue, although Sir Charles has repeatedly expressed his perfect readiness to abide by the verdict of such a tribunal.
WRECKS AND CASUALTIEs.-A return has just bcen printed of the wrecks and casualties on or near the coasts of the united kingdom in 1855. The result is deplorable. The total number of wrecks and casnalties were 1,141, of 176,544 tons. Of the vessels, 903 were British, 11 colonial, and 116 foreign; of which number were totally wrecked 272,stranded and recovered 246, stranded (but whether total or partial loss not reported) 167, totally lost in collision 55, seriously damaged in collision 178, slightly damaged in collision 14, leaky and foundered 49, leaky and put back to discharge and repair 47, destroyed by nie 14, found "derelict" 19, dismasted and otherwise damaged 49, abandoned 20, capsized and sunk, 9, sernoul *dama"ed by spontaneous combustion of cargo 2. Of these, 56 occurred on the east coast, 251 on the west ceast, and 117 on the south coast, of Great Britain; 127 on the Irisl coast; 10 offthe Scilly Islands ; 6 off the Channel Islands; 34 off the Northern Islands-viz., Orkneys, Shetland, and Hebrides; 13 off the Isle of Man, and 7 off Landy Island. In 1855 the total number of lives lost was 469; in 1854, 1,549; in 1853, 689; in 1852, 920. The number of collisions reported is greatly on the increase, beirg 247 against 94 registered in 1854, 73 in 1853, and 57 in 1g52. This increase is, perhaps, attributable, in part at any rate, to the same cause as that of the number of wrecks abovementioned. Total amount paid to lifeboats during the year, 5821. 3s. Sd.; total amount as rewards for saving life, 6554 3s. Sm Rscnms Auy.n-Sir Richard Airey has good grounds for congratulating Limself. He, at least, has not faen unader the shafts of newspaper criticism. On the contrary, the Horse Guards have so thoroughly respected his misfortunes as to make themn the ground for advancing him. Addison tells, somewhere in the Specaor, the story of a girl who had been a servant in a gentlemanbs house. She discharges herself without cause assigned, and when her late master meets her by accident in the street, he asks what good luck had befallen her, so smart her gown, so gay her bonnet? . " lawks, Sir," was the reply, " don't you know I have been ruined?" Just so Sir lichardAirey. His whole adnminstration in the Crimea Was one long series of blunders, and.for this he has had his reward; he has been thorou"hly " rained" by the report of Sir John MrNeill and Colone!l'ulloch, who have convicted him on the clearest evidence of ignorance, negligence, and incapacity tothemost extraordinary amount, and he reapSs the recompense of his doingsbyappointment to achairthathasbeenfilledby such an officeras GeneralFreeth, audnot longback filled by Sir Willoughby Gordon. Certainly it is an efficient answer to unamswerablo articles, giving promotion to proved inability, but whether the country or the army will endure rebuke of this kind time will tell us. We all recollect the story of Pitt, who refused an application made to him to .give a politicalsupporter free access toSt. Jamees Park forhiscarriage, but oflered instead to create him an Irish peer. Something of this sort still prevails in our Government. They will not permit an offlicer against whom the most serious accusations are brought to clear himself. They will not permit Lord hucan the court-martial he craves. They will not suffer ford Cardigan to give to the publiEc the vindicatienshoe to suppose that the public require, They smother'.k mpatterg as far ag they can, and give General Airey t8tatappointment, consign the inspection of the AWra todeCiLrdi-gan, and would stifle Lord Lucan with the second lass of the Eath.-UnidSbervice Gazelle. RThIsu Pisos Bni.-A Government bill 'to further anend tho laws relating to irisons in Ireland, transfers the jurisdiction of the Queen's Bench mderthe existing act to theoLord-Lieutenant, and reduces the number of comnnissioners ajipainted iusder that act from 12 to6, There are mul:titudnous nrrangeinenat in detail.:
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CHANCERY, LINCOW'S- . Fen. 15. vWel;or thC LORDS JUsTIOs or Aarnr4A IN I3LNKRU?TCY.-EX PARTE DEANS, IN RE DEANS. This case caino on for further consideration after the de. cision of the commissioner. It was tho appeal of the brother of the bankrupt against the rejection of a proof. Tho bankruptwasa woollen manufacturer at Blackburn,and his brother, the appelant, a hawker, who bought goods of the bankrupt The case of the appellant was that, having frona time to time surplus funds in his hands, he had,en paying hbis brother for thegoods Rurchased, made advances to hint beyord the sums due. The aggregate of these advances, with interest were claimed as amounting to 1,0641. The commissioner thought the evidence tendered in support of the claim insufficient, and declined to admit it as a proof. On the appeal coming on to be heard their Lordships intimated that it would be3ioro satisfactory if the commissioner permitted further evidence to be adduced. This had been done, and the commissioner had allowed a proof for 7001, holding the remainder of the claim to be barred by the Statute of Limitations. Mr. BACON and Mr. Ln'Ir, for tho appellant, contended that the Statute of Limitations did not apply. Mr. SwANSToN and Mr. Dx GEx were for the assigneee, and contended that the circumstances of tho case were so suspidous as to justify tho original decision of the commis. sioner. Their LoRDSnHIs suggested to both parties whether the best course would not be to be satisfied with the commis. *sioner's dedsion ; and this, after some discussion, was cn- ceded to, and the proof was ordered to stand for 700., the costs being paid out of the estate. SATURDAY, FEP. 16. (Before tht LORDS JusTIcEs of ArPAL.) rALTR V. NEWELL. The appeal in this caso was from a decree of the Master of the Rolls in a case raising several technical questions, but none of gencral inteorst. Mr. Bagehatve and- Mrr. Bagshawe, jun., a puered in supprofthod dcrce ; Mrr. floundell Palmer and Mr. Asnphlett forthe apl; MIr. Piggott, Mlr. Speed, MIr. Rodwrell, and lr. Law were for other parties. .RODSNSON V. nITCHrN. This also was an appeal from a decree of the Master of the olls. The bill is fd by the ltev. Mr. David Robinson, of No. 4, Rutland-gate, Hyde Park, alleging that from June, 1850, to December, 1854 he had pecuniary dealings and transactions with Messs James Pope Kitchin and James Isaac Grugeon, stock-brokers, in the buying and selling of sharos and bonds in British, colonial, and foreign railway and mining companies, and in the buying and seliing of the stocks of foreign countries, and on which they had retained moneys for Colnmission, continuation, and brokerage on account of Mr. Robinson, and that he acted under their advice, by which he had lost and they had gained large surns of monoy; that Mr. Robinson haddiscovered that they had acted as jobbers raweRe as brokers, and that by those transactionstheyfraudulentlyohtainedlargesumsof money. Thebill then prayed an account of all these dealings andtransactions, and for payment of what should be found due on such account. The defendants, by their answers, refused to give the discovery sought by the bill as to the character of the dealings between them and the plaintiff, on the ground that by the statute 57 George IxL, c. 60 (repealing or altering an act of Queen Anne) penalties were incurred by those who acted as brokers they not being sworn brokers, which Mr. Grugeon was not; and, as the act imposed the samepcnalties on those who suffered persons not being brokers to act under them, MIr. Kitchin was also on that ground liable to the penalties, also his partner, having acted underliim. The 'Master of the Rolls held that, as the defendants had held themselves out as sworn brokers to their principal, the rev. plaintiff, they could not protect themselves fron answering on tho ground of penalties, for that a man ma by contract shut himself out of the protection gfven by se rules of the court, and ordered that the defendants should answer the questions put. i lr. Follett and Mr. Mlartindale appeared for the appellants, the defendants. Upon a question from the Bmx;Cr, Mr. MARTINhDA-LLE stated that the act in question was not printed in the general collection of the statutes, although it w.as directed to be recognized as a public general act and altered, and to a certain extent repealed, the statute of Anne, which was a public general act, and printed in the Statutes at Large. Lord Justice KsNI rT BRuCE said that it would be advisable that Mr. Martindale should communicate with the Commi-sioners for the revision of the statute law the fact he had thus mentioned. M3r 1LSRTINDALE said he would do so. Daring the argunment it was suggested from the Bench that the parties had better come to some arrangement. One of their Lordships expressed a doubt, although he did not offer an opinion on the point, whether such deahngs on the Fart of a clergyman were legaL. MIr. Roundell Palmer ahd DIr. . RudaD appear for the plaintiff. The case is not concluded. During the argument the defendants' counsel offered to refer the matter to a committes ef the Stock-Exchange, and to produce their books and explain their dealings with the plaintiff, but the offer was not accepted.
I VICE-CflANCELLORS' COURTS. FARTnAVY TFL lt; GRAZEDROOK V. GR.TREX. (Beforne Viee-C)unu;dlo, Sir B. TI lnrnme r.vi This bill was filed for tho purpose of setting aside a sale of certain property in Mfonmouthshire, known as the Varten estate, under these circumstances :-The plaintiff's case was that one W3llam Morgan, being iii embarrassed circumstances, execute-d a deed in favour- of bis creditors in August, 1842, in w;hich his son, Joln Morgan, joined, whereby certain estates to which William Morgan was entitled, subject to encumbranices, were conveyed to trustees upon certain trusts, and, inlter elia, upon trust to sell at the expiration of seven years, or before that tihe in certain events. John Mlorgaan, .atthesametirne, broughtin 1S,S20b., as representing his share innapartnership formedinthe Golynos Iron Mines, held on a lease from William Morgan, and which the creditors of Willian Morgan considered as advanced bv him to John Morgan, and disputes arose in consequence, and such suIm of 13,320?. was made the subject of various provisions in the said deed, to the effect that until his share in the mines should he said, the income of such sum should be applied under the general powers of the trustees, until the whole sum should be received, retaining 1851. per:annum for lihnself, and there was a power to the trustees for the creditors to seLl such share, to the extent only, however, of 13,3201. and interest, with a proviso that there should be no liability to pay such sum, except out of the partnership, andthat Wiliam Morganshouldnotbeliable to repay to John Mor-an the sums advanced. In January, 1844, the partnership was dissolved, and John Morgan and one William Wiiiamscarriediton, and purchased an estate, caUed the Varteg estate, which, with regard to the Golynos mines, was thus situated :-The Varteg estate was almost entirely surroeuded by the mines, and itself contained blast furnaces; was of a hilly character, and minerals carried from one portion of the Golynos mines lying on one side of the Varteg estate to other portions lying on the other side of such estate were either taken round or through the Varteg estate by mreans of wayleaves and tunnels, which were therefore of great value to such mines. In April, 1847, John 3Morgan dissolved partnership with WiUiam Williams, and his share amounted to 41,7211. 1Gs., which was secured by 27bills of exchange,andbya mortgage to secure such bils on the Varteg estate and the lease of the Golynos estate, subject as to such property to certain mortgages, including tho plant and machmnery and mineraLs, or which might at any time thereafter during the continuance of the security be upon the premises, with a power of sale. John Morgan then endolsed over 12 of the bills of exchane to the trustees of the creditors' deed, and aid them %5oO01 in cash, and settled 11 of tho bils on his marriage, and vested them in trustees upon certain trusts, it being provided that John Morgan should hold the mortgage provided as a colateral scumity for payment of such bills, subject to the prior lien of the trustees of the creditors' deed to the extent of 13,320?. andinterest. John Morganthen executed a mortgage of the same premises to such last-mentioned trustees to secure the 12 bils so endorsed over by him to them. In November, 1838, in consequence of some breach of covenant, the trustees of the creditors' deed entered on the premises demised to them, and sold the same to Crawshay Bailey for 24,7506., and the machinery, and plant, and fixtures for 7,Th0l., reserving the wayleaves, and at the same time granted hini a lease of the Golynos mines. The bill then charged that such reservation was illegal, and, being objected to by John Morgan, was not referred to in the conveyance; but nevertheless tlhe sum of 32,5001. only was given, whereas the wayleaves were worth 10,0001. at the least, and the machinery, &c., which ;was sold for 7,7501., was of the value at least of 40,000D., as a paying concern; that Crawshay Bailey was aware that the trustees of the creditors' deed were not authorized to sel with any such reservation, and that they applied the 32,5001. in paying off mortgages, which they had no right to do. Under these circumstances the bill was fled by the trustees of John Morgan's marriage settlement, to set aside the sale as illegal, and for a conveyance to themselves of the estates - for an account and delivering up of the 12 bills; or for a sale and applcation of the proceeds, first, in paying the plaintiffs their claim as trustees of John Morganis settlement. Mr. SHAPxER and Mr. SELWYN, on behalf of the plaintiffs, contended that John Morgan, under the creditors' deed, being a surety for his father, the trustees of that deed, by their dealings with the property, had discharged him from such suretysip; and that the sale of the Varteg estate, minus the wayleaves, wvas a plan' to increase the value of the Golynos mines for the benefit of Willian Morgen, and was absolutely illegal,-ageaeralpowerof sale authori;ing nothing but an absolute parting with the property' sold; and that, inder the circumstances, the plaintiffs ad become first encumbrancers on the estate. Mr. BAILn, Mfr. SPEED, and Mr. SAroGnr appeared for the trustees of the creditors' deed, and argued that by what the defendants had done no priority was given to the plain tiffs; the Varteg cstatewassosiaed that the wayc aves were liable to be flooded by the water which supphled the (olynds, and therefore they could not be considered of eny value. At the same time it was quite unnecessary to tse such wayleaves, as there was a complete communcation between every portion of the Golynos and the other yortions, and there was, moreover, an act of Parliament whereby a canal and railway could be made to answer that nurpose. Theevidence was most imperfect to prove the case made byv the bill, and in many respects inaccrarte to such an amount that the case stood quite unsupported and must fail, as far as it went to charge the trustees with havng done,anything improper or iUegal. Mr. GLA-sE and Mr. roan appeared for Mr. Crawshay Bailcy, and submitted that tho case was perfectly unproved as against him ; so far from the estate being bought by him at an ufider-value, he had given more than any one else would offer, and, of course, with the conduct of the trustees he bad nothing to do, and must he regarded as a purchaser fend! jdewitho\rt notice. lie kSnew that he was buying under a mortgagc title and a power of sale, but that was not sutlicient~to nalre him liable in the mode in which he was now soughtto be charged 3Mr. Sa was heard in reply. The Vien-Cnx6CiLno. said that the questions and facts in thin case were of a very complicated nature. His Hoviou then stated the facts, and said it wa3 cleAr that Mrs; John M-gan was acting as thd Muthorired cgont of the trustees of his settlement, and he thou ght it peared clearly upon the evidence that there was great donb; wbether the Varteg property would realize mnore than 20,000L It' also appeared that Mr. Crawshay Bailey when be purchased the Varteg considered that he should hava the Goiynos mines, and therefore no doubt a lease of those mines was a portion virtually of the bargain, although not agreeda t-until afterwards, and, as the ownership oF the Vaitezwould, of course, continue beyond the lease of Golvnos, t e wayleaves were excepted and, treated as of little or no value, and for the same reason the right to re-purchase back the machinery was also made a tern, but these were clearly stipulations after the agreement to purchase and the actual conveyance. It wms contended for the plaintiffs that John Moroan was a surety, andmthat his property was dscharged from such suretyship under the creditors' deed, by the dealings wth the creditors; that was denied by the defendants. It appeared to his eonour that John Morgandd his m,th vested a trust in the trustees which they hadarightto have administered- John Morganwas no a surety ith ordinary sense, and, having stood byrand not compelled the trustees to do what he said they ought to have done, could heo now say he was a surety, and they had discharged him, ho stood in the shoes of the trustees of Ahis settlement, and it was a casae of simple acquiescence, and his propet a not discharged from liabilty under the trust-died. n the question whether the sale of the Varteg and the Golynos plant was void, because sold with reservation, the party aggrieved here would have been William, who gave the power, and it did not follow therefore that John Moan would have the right to complain; that was assumin a there was a reservation, but it was clear that the sale took place before there was any stipulation as to the wayleaves, and neithor such stipulation nor that as to the right of preemption,vitiated the sale to Mr. Crawvahay Bailey. As to the question of -under-value, the evidence showed that, so far from the Vartegbeing sold for less than atticipated,itfetched more, nor was there any proof that the plant and machinery was not sold for fully what it was worth. It might be, as was fairly stated by the plaintiffs, that the benefit of the sale had gone to the wrong party; but the bil merely sought to upset the sale, ad, therefone on the main parts of the bil the plaitiffmust fail, but ho had a rigsht to a sale of Weilliam hiorgan's property, and tho bill aust therefore, as far as it was dismiissed, be dismissed without prejudice to the ight to the wayleaves and right of preempston, with costs. (Before rice-C17ancellor Sir W. SPu. O.) Aftir the VICE Cfl CELLOE had disposed of his list of petitions his Honour proceeded to hear caunoss but no case came before the COUAt of suffidcent interest to require a report. (BDefore Vice-C7hancellor Sir W. P. WOOD.} SiLR JAMTES BRWOOKAE, LOis.., V. WISE. Mtr. SEL;vv?r followved Mr. WiUicock in support of the billin this ease against the plea for want of parties Sled by the defendant, as stated in 27wc Times of yesterday, and at the conclusion of his arguments, 31r. ROLT was heard at length in reply, in the course of which he urged that, at all events, even if the plea were held bad for infomnality, the Court would give leare to amend it, with a view to the substantial justice of the case. A great portion of the argument, so far as regards the substance of the objection as distinguished from themere technical rules of pleading, turned upon the question whether the Eastern Archipelago Company, or any of the shareholders, could he said to have any existence as a company, association, or partnership, the charter originally incorporating the company having been annulled. This fact appeared on the plaintiffs bill, but was not alluded to in any way in the plea, which rested the title of the persons who were alleged to be necessary parties to the suit on the deed of settlemnent by which the company was regulated, and as their being registered shareholders in it, and on an averment that the association or partnership was a subsisting asociation or partnership, and had never been dissolved. In the deed of settlement however, as set out in the plea, frequent reference was made in the recitals to the charter of incorporation granted to the company, which was also referred to as " the said company." This preliminary statement is necessary for the purpose of explaining aportion of the Vice-Chancellor's judgment. His H1oNouR said that, with respect to the right of the defendant to couple an answer with his plea, which he had done here, he had no difficulty in saying that he had brought himself within the principle of the case of "Hodgkin v. Longden" (8, Vesey) that the rule that if a plaintiff is not entitled to the relief sought by his bill, though entitled to discovery, a general demurrer holds does not preclude the defendant from demurring to the relief and answering as to the discovery, and thereforeno objection couldbe raised on this ground. But the informality of the plea was another matter, and he had no hesitation in saying that this plea was informal; for, while the bll (which in this respect must be taken to be true) stated that the Eastern Archipelago Company had been dissolved, and the charter annulled, the plea contained averments which were either inconsistent with that statenment, or had been inserted with a view of countervailing it, which they certainly did not with sufficient certainty. Another defect in form was that even if the Court could assume (which it could not in considering thq plea) that after the charter had been annulled another company had been formed, collateral, as it were, to the chartered company, then the plea only averred that certain persons (why selected did not appear) claimed to be and were entitled, there being no avennent as to the rest of the shareholddrs generally. With respect to the leave to amend, his Hoiour said that such a course would only he productive of stih further delay and a continual staving off the hearing of the suit; and that in a case where the whole question might be determined at the hearing, and the whole defence was already made by the answer, the Court would not be justifed in givin- leave. Nlo doubt, it might so be that a fresh plea migIt contain substaitial avermentsC showing that the Eastern Archipelago Company, as originally formed,was formed independently of charter, and that, although the charter wasannulled, the companynevertheless existed; and, indeed, some passages in the judgment of the present Lord Justice Tiuner, in the case of " Macbride v. Lyndsay" (5 Har% 574), might lead to such a conclusion; but, even if the plea were- allowed to be amended for that pnipose, it would then be very doubtful whether it could bsuccessfully supported; for it might be shown that as to a great many of the partners they had only joined theunderta3ing on the understanding that it was to be a chartered company; and the charter having been annulled they might not wish to clain any interest whatever in it. In such a case the consequence of having allowed the amendment of the plea would only be a second dilatory without any useful result. It might, however, possiby turn out at the hearing of the cause that this objection for want of parties was a substantial one, and that the plaintiff could not succeed in the relief asked by his bil as to the coal grant without the assistance of the parties to whom it was alleged to have been assigned; and (his Honour added), without giving any opinion as to the merits of the case, which had nothing whatever to do with the present question, it did appear to him that such a difficulty would arise; and, that being the case, the proper course would be to overrule the plea and reserve the costs till the hearing of the cause. SATURDAY, FEB. 16. (Before ricc-Chasncenor Sir PI T. KinDnsLzr.) OLAMVERIG V. ELLISON. This case was argued on the 6th and 8th of December last, and fully reported in 27we Times, and on that occasion his Honour reserved his decision. The question arises upon the will of George Clavering, dated the 9th of January, 1793, whereby, after giving certain legacies, and charging them and his debts and funeral expenses on his estates, he gave, devised, and bequeathed all his real and personal estate, whatsoever and wheresoever, anto the Rev. Nathaniel Elison, Henry Elison, and Charles Wren, their heirs, execators, and -administrators upon trust, to invest the pers=nalty upon Government or real securities, and out of the rents of the real estate and the interest of the personalty to pay certain aunisities, and to pay the residue of such rents and interests to his son, Sir Thomas John Clavering, forlife; andafter his decease, subject as aforesaid, the testatorgaveallhis real estates to all and everythechild and children of his said son, as tenants in common tail, and if but one, the whole to such one, and for default of such issue, to his nephews, Charles John Clavering and Henry Mordaunt Clavering, and to his nieces, Lady Napier, Lady Pechell, and Lady Caroline Warren, and their heirs, as tenants in common. And the testator gave and bequeathed all the residue of his personal estate to all and every the children of his said son, equally, to be paid at 21, with benefib of survivorship, with remainder in default of such children attaining 21, to his said nephews and nieces (by name) equally; and then followed this proviso :-"Provided always, and I do hereby declare, that the devIses hereinbefore contained to my said son are upon this express condition, that he shall continue to profss the Protestant religion according to the rites of the church of England during his life, and that he shaJl not reside abroad more than three calendar mnonths in any one year, and upon this further condition, that his present wife shall, within three months next after my decease, renounco the Catholic religion, and embrace the Protestant religion according to the rites of the church of England, and continue to profess tho same during the life of my said son; and in case my said son shall resde more than three months in any year abroad, or shall not continue to profess the Protestant religion according to the rites of the church of England, or his said wife shall not within the: time aforesaid renounce the Catholic religion and embrace the Protestant religion according to the rites of the church of England, and, having embraced the Protestant religion, shall, during the life of my said son, renounce the same,, and embrace the Catholic religion; then, upon any of the said contingencies so happening, I revoke the said devises so made to my said son, and decla re that nng said trustees and| theirheir, exeutor, an admiistrtofaslhall f'ro-m thenceforth, from time to thune, duiring theaI life of my said son, Plac out the rotE and profits of mY said real estates and thoeinterets and proceeds of my said personal estate upon Govermentor ral secrtLities for theo benefit of all and every the child and children of my said son, equally to be divided among them, share and share alike, if mnore than one, andl to be paid and pa-yable at such time and times, and in such mianner, andI under and subject to the lik-e limits-, tions over, as are hereinbefore declared of and concernig my personal estate, upon the death of my said soa. Po vide further, and 1 do hereby declare, thLat the de-vises hereinbefore conta-ined to the children of may said son area maade upon this express condition, that the children of my said son be educated in Englanld and in the Protestant res glen according to the rites of the church of England; and in case an3y onie or miore of such children shall be eduicatedl abroad, or not in the Protestant religion according to the rites of tlse church of England, thea I do hereby revoke all and every devise to such child or children so edneated as aforesaid, and do give, devise, and bequcath the share or shares of such child or children of and in my real andt personal estates as aforesaid, unto andI nMong suh other childl or children of my said son who shall beMeucated in England, and in the Protestant reli. glen according to-the rites of the church of Englad, as if sch child or chiildren so educated abroad, or no Iprfes te Protestant religion according to t'he rites of tecuf of England, vwas or we-re- aotually OqA34 anld, in caso all the children of my said sorn shall be educated abroad or not in the Protestant reigion according to the rites of the church ol n6land, then r do hereby give, devise, and bequeaith ng mry eid re upnd personal estaytes unto and among my sai nephewi and niecesin mner aforesaid, in like manner asrif all and every the childre of my said son so educated abroad, oi'not li the Pr.otestant religion according to the ritesnof the circh oa England, wras or were acofaly dead onder The age of C yeae" The testator made a codicil to Ihis 'wll dated the Ist of YSsbrualry, 1793, which contained the followin Clausen:-,' s do hbreby declare that the devio sea contained in my said williowmr onthomasJohn Claversog are made ucon this further my ndaiOn that all the children of my said son shall be educa ted ti England, and in the Protestant religion accor lingto The s of the church of Entland;andintcase all oranyofthe childresj of my said son Thomas Jofhn Clavering shall be educated abr ad or in the Catholic reitgion, then, and in such case, I dohreLdteyoke the said devinss contained in my said will to ya ai: son, and Ido declare that my sai trutees, their heirs, executors, and administrators shall from thenceforth, from time to time, during the life of my said SOn, place out the rents and profits of my said real estates and the prdeeds and interest of my said personal estate upOn Governneat orDrealseuriti or the benefit of such of the child or children of my said son as shill be educated in England and in the Protestant religion according to the rites of the church of England, equaily,to he divided samongthe, share end share alike, if more than one, and to be paid and payable at.such time and times, and in such manner, and under and subject to the like limitation over as ar declrzed in and by my said will of and concerning my personal estate npon the death of my saidson, ;ad incaseallthe children of my saidcshall be educated abroad, or not in the Protestalt rcEgion, according to the rites of the church of England,thenIgive, devise, and bequeathothe same unto tho persons who, under my will, shall in such case be entitled to my real and personal estates." The testator died in 1793, leaving his son Thomas John Clavering his heir-at-law surviving, who married in France Clara Gillais, a lroman Catholic, such marriage being afterwards solemnized in England in August, 1791, and had six children, James, ClaraAAnnaaartha, Agatha Katherine, Thomas Charles, Augustus Geoge, aind the plamntiff WillEam Aloyzies. Thomas Charles Clavering nnd Au"ustus George Clavering died infants, and int1i Thomas John Clavering andhis wnife went to Prance with James, Clara Anna b atha, AgaTha Kathermic, and augustus Georg3 (who died abroad), ara reuained in Paris until the edict of Napoleon makng all male subjects of the cuited kingdon above 18 and nnder oO prisoners of war, and was detained nt Verdun and Paris ntil 1814 under such edict. James Clavering was educatoe in France until 1803 by ptoman Catholics, when he came to Enland, and wentto Harrowand other schools, nlaia English very imperfectly, wand ied in 1824, baveng ate left all his property to Maria Debritto for life, remainder to John Clavering, thaeir reputed son, and saia Debritto survived the tesRator and died, leaving al her property to John Clavering. Clara Atna lartha and Agatha Katherine wera educated at St. Getmain-en-Laye auder the celebrated mladame Campan, until 1810, when they came te England, and were put to school fora short time; both married R,oman Catholics, and always resided abroad, and the former was stil living, the latter dying in 3a850. The plaintiff, being brought up in England in the Protesthat religion according to the rites of the church of England, in the events which had happened, claimed the whole property given bypthe testator's vwill. The Solicitor-General, Mr. Svanston, and or. Bazalgette appearedfordthe plaintiff r. Anderson, Mr. oelt, Teed, N Baily, tMr Glpase, Mr. a mhlett, n tDickinson, MIr. Chichester, Mnr lf. F. Bristow.e, Mr. Oliver, Mr. T. C. Thompson, Mr. F. T. Williams, Mlr. Faber, and MIr. F. M.f Nichols for the defendants. The a VyofCtechir orx, after recapitulatin g the above facts, said,-The plaintiff insisted that the contingthency upon rwhich the shares of the three children, James, Cla FmiaMartha,isad Agatha, were limited over hadtakoen effect, and that he (the plaintiff) was entitled not only to lown origial share, butrto those of those three children. With respect to the shares of those who died in infancy no question arose, it being admitted that the realty andpersonalty as to them went over to the other four. en the administration suit instituted in 1800, to which this was supplemental, it was found that the wife of the son bad not abjnred the sroman Catlic religion, and therefore there whas no question but th e lifeinterest of the f tother had ceased, and the trusts of the rents and profits for The bonefit of the children caee into operation, and they had accumulated up to 1853, when the father died. It whas plain what the testator's cnd and object ves in these provisoes. His son had: married a roman Catholic lady, and he nas apprehensive that he and his children migit become Roman Catholins also, and therefore determined not only to require the son's waie to abjure the Rdoman Catholic and profess theProtestaut faith, hut that the sonshould continue in that faith and the children be educated in it; ano d, as a means of accomplishing that end, he meant to prohibit a continuous residence In foreign p3ts of the son and of his children, and attempted to doether by the provisoes in qua tion. Nowv, those provisoes directed a cesser of the estate of any of the children on the happening of either of two contingent events, being educated abroad or not in the Pro. testant religion according to the rites of the church of Snpsnde This might be cseld ah conditional hlmitation, and was very analogous to the ease of " Egerton v. Browvnlow," where Lord Truro designated it as asaroviso for cser and acceleration. It was, no donbt, a conation subsequent and not precedent, the cstates to the father and the children being vested when they came into nsse, the effect being to defeat thesprevius estates and hactclerate the subsequent. It was a plain rule that such conditieoal limitations must be constred very strictly, ad inthe older cases theywere chao racterized by the quaint expranion of being "odious to the lawv,"-that is, to be looked upon with great jealonsy. These must, thierfore, be raite definite, unambiguous, and ertain, so as not to leave it n any deoree doubtful what the contingencyhwase hich was iotended to divest the priorestate. When the case was first presented to the Court his Honour confessed that he felt no serious dificalty, but, on more mature consideration, the dPificrltyincreased uponr the meaning of the word "educated," It might not be that the testator used the word always in the same sense, although it was very difficult to say that it did not mean exclusive; but the questionwaes wrhat he meant by it. Was it to be exclusive education either abroad or in England, for each of the three children received part o' their education in both countries! 'The testator had virtually permitted his son to reside for three months in each year abroad;- and wvas he to be precluded from taking bis family with him!? Suppose he had done so, and the sons and the daughters had received tuition abroad in either bodily or mental accomplishments, which, although not necessarily so, were undoubtedly portions of a finished education, such as riding, drawhng, fencing, dancing, fortification, matheIaticr, , wjas that education abroad! or, suppose they merely resided there during that period, did the testator mean to prohibit such a course! or, if it was a question of proportion, what w as the duration to be! where was it to begmn, or end! or, supposing different periods w ere passed in each country, and different acquirements oiven in each, which was to preponderate ? His Honour then referred in detail to the facts as to the timle spent by the three, children in each country, and said that he had been obliged to come to the conclusion that ho could not give a definite meaning to the provisoes. With regpard to the question of being educated in the Protestant religion, i was clear that James and Clara Annav MIartha wsere Protestants, and that Agatha was educated a Protestant, although just before marriage she ,abjured that faith, and therefore upon then hole case his aonour's opinion, founded upon very anxious deliberation, yas that the contingency upon wvhich the estate was to he defe.ated wvas not expressed in such clear, distinct, and unambiguous terms as that the Codut coud either la prieni or a pos.eiaior say that in any given case the event had ha1ppened which the teshtatr intended. His Honour then referred to the case of 'aillindham v. Brorley," Turner and Russel's Reports, 530, which he thought in point, and was of opinion that in this the plaintiff wfas not entitled to what he asked. (Before flee-C7hancell'or Sir J. SvTILran.) THE NOE"FOLIO EsruJAfly CO:MrA-Y V.. EVA£NS This was a motion on behalf of the Norfolk Estuary Company for an injunction to restrain the Eats Brink Commissioners, who were sued in the name of the defendant LEvans, 4their treasurer, from paying or npplylnga the purchase moneys of lands formerly belonging to the commissioners, but recently sold by them, otherwvise than in the manner directed by the Norfolk Estuary Amendment Act (1849) until the portion remalning unpaid of the contribution of the sum of 6Q,000?. thereby required to be paid by the commissioners should have been paid, or an adequato vrevision made for the payment thereof. By an act passed an 1846 the plaintiffs were incorporated for the purpose ofreclaiming from the sea, and enclosing and embanlnmag the tracts of land therein mentioned, and it wvas thereby provided that they should conilmence their work;s by formng wvhat w.as called a twro-mile cut, and also another cut across certain sands called the Vinegar-middle. By a subsequent act passed in 1849, and cLelldthe Norfolk Estuary Amendment Act (1849), the defendants were required to pay 60,C000?. towards the execution of the two cuts, and it was provided by su3ch last-mentioned nct that the stun of 6O,000?. should be levied and raised in certain instalments, by and out of the toLls payable to the conimissieners, and which tollsv were by the latter act chnrgsdw iththe payment of such sum. The plaintiffse contended that the sumn of 60,001 wa^s further secured by the latter act by a powver of sale or mortgage of the land belonging to the commissioners. Before the bill was filed the comnmissioners had paid to the plaintiffs all stuns then due to them, and there now remained a sum of 28,8791. to be paid by the commissioners to the Isaintiff;;, but such last-mentioned sum hs7d not yet become noe. Towards the latter end of last year the conriniseloners sold aportion of the property belonging to them, and the object of the bill was to have it declared that the plaintiff had a lien on the purchase- ney arising from such sale, and for an injnction as before stated. The question turned on the constretion of the Norfolk Estuary Amendment Act(1849). It was contended, on behalf of the plaintiffs, that, although there were no instalments now due to them by the commissioners, yet that they were entitled to have the purchase-money in question seeured, in order to satisfy future instalments, the mcome of the commissioners bein" at present a rapidly di. minishing one, having been 4,00&. in 1849, and last year 1,3001. only. The case on behalf of the commissioners was that the sale which they had made had been effected by them for the ppose of paying offmortgageswhicithey had contracted an order to discharge some of the instal- ments alreadypaid totheplaintiffs. The motion is at pro- sent onlypart beard, Mr. Mlinms and Mr. Suage appe-- for the plaintiffs ; and and Mr. Bacon and Mr. Buck for the Ean Brink CoamissionerS, (Before Vtee-C7zancior Sir W. P. WoOD.J B E Mssr;'s TRUST. Thiuwaapetitionunerthe Tastee Relief A ct inder which a - ti _qe whc ,nfon aroe as to the title to a legacy pald intoa oourt. 44e legatee had been t aio blct fiorento death of the teetatrix, and had obtained certificates under Ib'oth bankruptcies, but under the latter bankruptcy ls. in Tthepondhad notboeenpsid. Soonafterthe deathi of the I testatixse assignees-under the aeon d bankruptcy claimed the legacy from the excutors of the wil.Afterwards the l legatee took the b2egvfl 9! the Inaqut DaSebtoi Aq~ a4
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. GUrrTrnAT.- T%n- 1v. CA2NSAN AND OTYrF.Rq V Ar (Stings at LVYsi Prius, befare Lerd CA.n'ipBE annd Speciai Juriem) Mfr. 31. Chambers, Q.C., Mr. James. Q.C., Mr. 3M. Kerr, and 3Mr. Lush appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Serjeant Wilkins and .Mtr. Quain for the defendant. The plaintiffs in this action were the assignees of a bankrupt named Count Emile Dunin, and they sued the defendant, a solicitor in Lincoln's-inn-fields, to try the right of the parties to the value of certain goods which had formerly beionged tothe bank-upt, and w hich had been clained by the defendant under a bill of sale executed to hin on the 4th of June, 1gi3. As soon as the case was opened, Mr. J,3is stated that it bad been agreed that a verdict should be taken for the plaintiffs on all the issues the assignees undertaking to pay the defendant 7001. and h.is taed costs. CANr-X AND OTHERS V. wrenS MND OTHS. Mr. 1L Hill Q.C., and 3Mr. J. Brown appeared for the ,laintiffi-; and Mr. J. Wild, Q.C., Mr. Honeyman, and Mr. .J. Clarke for the defendants. The plaintiffs in this action were the assignees of Ifessrs. Adams and Co., underwriters, who sued the defendants, Messrs. H. H. Willis and Co., insurance brokers, to recover a sum of money which it was alleged was due to the bankrupts in respect of premiums of insurance. The defendants pleaded the general issue, and also a set-off. No question was nown made as to-the liability of the defendants to pay the debt due from them to the banskrupt, the only question being whether they could set off a debt which the plaintiffs admitted they owed to H. Hl. Willis, one of the defendants, in answer to a claim on the partnership. The plaintiffs souht to establish that the debt in question was owing to H. 11. Willis in his individual capacity, and not to the defendants' firm, while, on the other hand, the defendants' case was that, though the contracts upon whiich the plaintiffs' debt arose purported to have been made wiith Willis only, they were wrell knowvn and understood by the bankrupts to have been made with the firm. - The question arose under these circumst;ances .-The defendants firm consisted of three partners, carrying on business as insurance brokers, under the style of Re.s H. H. Wilis .and Co. In the month of January, 1852, they began to transact business with the bankrupts, Messrs. Adams and Co., underwriters at Lloyd's- and by means of their clerk, Mr. Barker, they opened four distinct accounts for risks on ships, according to the printed heading of the " ships" sent to the underwriters. These accounts were with "H. H. WiUis and Co.," which was a credit account ; two were with " H. H. Willis,' one a cash account, and the other a credit account;and the fourth wswwith the "NewZealand Company." These accounts were all kept entirely distinct. Mr. Medley, one of the rtners in the bankrupt firm of Adams and Co., with vh.-om the defendanta' clerk had opened the accounts, stated that he had no recollection that he had been told that the defendants were all interested in all the accounts, and that he considered that " H. H. Willis" only was liable inrespect ofthe accounts opened in hisnuame. It was admitted that if the defendants were entitled to set off the debt due by the bankrupts to H. H. Willis, the amount wvould be more than sufficient to overtop the plaintiff? claim. Mr. W nDg, for the defence, said he shouldr call wVitnesses to prove that the course of business at Lloyd's w.-as for insurance brokers to open several accounts with under. writers, in thenames of individual members of their (the brokers') firm. This wams done w~ith a viewr to keeping the accounts distinct, as different rates of discount wrere allowed, according as the account was a cash or credit account. The broker w as allow ed int al cases 5 per cent. on the premiums, and 10 or 12 per cent. discount was allowed on the balance, at the settlement of a cash or credit account. He should further show that the defendants' clerk had distinctly told Mr. Mtedley that the defendants wished to open the four accounts, and that he (te clerk) was well known at floyd's and to the bankrupt, as acting for the defendants and for them only. The learned counsel said he thought tat under these circumstance it vwas hardly decent for the assignees to bring this action, and so seek to deprive the defendants of their set-off. Several witnesses were then examined in support of the defendants' case. 'Mr. HLas having replied, Lord CAIipELL said he thought it would be harsh dealing on the part of the law if the plaitiffs were entitled to rscover in this action. The question was wlhether Medley, the banLrupt, was inforned or knew that the policies when in the name of "H. H. Willis" were for the whole finn of "HL H. Winlis and Co.," and notfor "H.H. WiUis" only. If he was informed or was aware of that, the verdict ought to be for the defendants. The evidence was strong to show- that he must have known that they were for the firm, for Barker, the clerk, was known to aU at Iloyd's as the clerk of the defendants. The bankrapt said lie had no recolection that the clerk told him that all the accounts were accounts of the firm. The probability was that he would assume that they were so. The jury without hesitation found their verdict for the defendants. WAISn A)ND OTHERS V. fTAfLus. Mrr. (Ylalley, Q.C., Mfr. Bovill, Q.C., and Mfr. Forsyth appeared for the plaintihfs- and Mr. Edwin James, Q.C., ana _r. Francis for the defendant. The plaintiffs in this action were the .assignees of a bankrnpt, Joseph Moses, who formerly carried on business as a ass and ch-.2 dealer, &-c., in the Lower Marsh, L-unbeth. The action was brought to recover the sum of 1411., being the value of certain jewelry and plated goods which, on the bankruptcy of Moses, were found in possesion of the defendant, and which, it was alleged, were transferred to the defendant, in anticipation of his bankruptcy, with a view to defraud his creditors. The defendant had been exarined on oath in the Court of Bankruptcy, and he there stated that he had purchased the geoda in question of the bankrapt, and he produced vouchers in support of his statement; but, in answver to the present action, be had omitted to plead any plea of payment to raise the defence on vwhich hnabeore relied. The defendant's evidence in the Court of Bankruptcy was ut in and read. M1r. JAMES then applied to be allowed to add a plea of P3Z-ient. LO1i CQtPBELL granted leave accordingly. hr. '-axis then addressed the jury in snpport of the defendant's cQen, which the learned counsel said was foUy stated in his evidence in bankruptcy. It was unneeessary to caU the defendant, for he could add nothing to what he had already proqd-viz., that he had bought the goods and paid for them. Lord C,nrBrLL, in summing up the evidence, told the jury that the question w as whether the defendant had paid for the goods. All that wvas said by the defendant in the Bankruptcy Court was admissible in evidence, but still the jurTy were at liberty to believe only so much of his stateaent as they thought wvorthy of credit. The defendant ight have been called to prove payment, and so might the bankrupt; hut, in their absence, the jury must say whether they were satisfied tha.t h had pad for the goods. Thenjury found a verdict for the Lordff for tASI amunt claimed-1411'. Bosmrss Or Tn} COUBT. lord C,UIPBELI gave notice that on Monday (this day) MIr. Justice Crompton would sit in a second court, and assist in the trial of causes.. SATURDAY, Fan. 16. (Sittings at Nisi Ps-its", before Los's? C,AIPBEras Qen a Common Jury) ORrESBACis V. sr.-oas-roe;. lr. Edwin James, Q.C., and M. v anisty a ed for the paintiff, and Mr. Watson, Q. C, and Mr. Cleasby for the efendant. The plaintiff in this action was the Rev. William Robert Griesbach, vicar of lEllington, near Pocklinton, in York. shire, and the defendant, William Singleton, was a solctor practisingat York,and brother to the plaintiffs wife. It appeared that in the year 1854 the plamntiff had get into pecuniaryF di'diculties through putting his name to certain bills, and had employed the defendant, ast his solicitor, to settle with his creditors. The declaration in one count charged that the defendant had received the sum of 3,0001. to arrange with the plaintiff's creditors, but that, instead of doing so, he gave the plaintiff improper advice, and induced him to petition the Insolvent Debtors' Court; and in another count it charged the defendant with a refusal to account when caUed uipon, whereby the plaintiff was put to Seat expenses and incurred great loss and damage. The defendant, in numerous pleas, denied all the allegations contased in the declaration. It appeared from the evidence givenbytheplaintiffthat he was a married mian, with nine children, and that in the month of June, 1854, he had got into pecuniary difficulties through putting his name to certain bills. He explained the state of his affairs to his brother-in-law, the defendant, who undertook to raise a sum of 20001. upon a mortgageof the propertof theplaintiff and is wife, includig also his liVing, which was of the vaIue of 4501. a-year. The laintifronthelsthfjuly, 1854, execut-ed a mortgage to a r. Thompson for 3,0001., and two days after - -vim, on.the 1lth of July, both parties came up to London, asthe plaintiffsixdf to pay off the London credtors. These partieswere the ho ders of the plaintiff's bills and to whorm be was indebted as follows :-Florence, at. ; Nathan, 3001; Titherley, 1381. ; Sanders, 73.- iPs7.; Lyndhnrst) S0t- andKemp and Clay, 2g. lMs. The ntiff and defendant called upon all these parties, arid inl several instances the defendant promised to call upon thenragais the nexct day to settle their accounts. Instead of doing so, lhe ad. wised the plaintiff to go through the Insolvent Court. The parties retutrned to York on the 21st of July, and in the l;vuth of August the defendanlt intto4ngt5d ln tOasiOdi- citor of the InsolvenitCoenit. The plIhtIfrsaid he assented to te sggeti6 to o trouh tu Isolvent Court on the repesetaton s'A bythedefndat tathe had received onl 2/00. uQithemotgae,thoghit turned out that he hd req~yd th ful amunt f 3000!. on the 1-5th of Jul,-, sm uit sffiiet t py of llthe creditors In ".4iersea to a considerable amountwrinued The plaintiff was served by the defendant with a writ,- at the suit of the niortgsgee, and induced to consent to a judgment for the sum of 3,0001. ; and immediately after, -acting under the adcvice of the defendant, he presented a petition to the Insolvent Court at York. The petition was dqismisd, and thecn for the first time the plaintiff discovered that the defendant had actually received the whole sum of ~00O!. u~pon the' mortgage. He at once placed 'the matter in the hands of his present attorney, and instructed him to take proceedlings against the defendant. The plaintiff, on cross-examination, stated that in June, 1354, his debts amounted to about 3,000!. He had been suspended in 8,Wfr two yeas,uron achargle of being too familiar goeres, utb hd ee aloe to, receive the proit ofhi liin duin th sspesin.He was then cres-easnned tosho tat e hd pomied o gvefurther woodproert," nd tat he hol ofthe 3,0001. was not to b avalabl untl tht wa don. Th witness deniiedI this suggeston and also the sgestion that the eh.iject of his visit to Lodon with the ddagfcndannt, in July, 1854, was to look after that property. He said he hiad never receivedI any part of the 3,0001. from the defendant, and that since thdefendn had been compelled by an order of the Court of Chancery to pay over the balance of money in his hands the plaintiff's presenit attorney (Mr. Rlobson) bad been enabl Ed to, ~aff nearly all his (the plaintiff's) creditors. Mrt. Tidy, Iolosoon's snanaging clerk-, confirmnedthe plaintiff's evidence as to the promise made by the defendant to the London creditors to call next day and pay their respective debts, and also as to the advice gsven by the defendant that the plantiff shouldI go through the Insolvent Court, the dcefen Fant g-n as a reason that it would take nearly 3,0001. to pay off theo plaintiff's debt;, and that if the plaintiff Petitioned the Court the creditors wouldl be willing to take les than the faul amnount of tIheir debts. He also produced the account rendered by the defendant ina obedience, to an order of the Vice-Chancellor, in which the defendant adminited that on the 15th of July, 1854, he received 3,000!. in cash from Mr. Thompson, the mortgagee of the plaintiff's property ; and also an order made by the Vice-Chancellor to the effect that the defendant should pay over to the plaintiff the sum of 1,333. 14s. 6d., the balance in his hands, after deducting 170!., the amount of ta.-ed costs which the defendant was allowed to retain in resp,ct of hisprofeed%onal sen-ices. This sumlwas sufficient to pay the creditors 1(rs. in the pound, thoughi some of theTr, hadbeen paid in full. Mr. Rohson (plaintiff's attorney) 5rovd tat aterthe defendant had received the 3,000!. in uy184the plaintiff was sued by four or five parties, which occasione a great expense. The defendant's own bill was 801., 27!. had been paid to the solicitor in the Insolvent Court at York, the witness's own bill was near 301., and one of the creditors, named Florence, had ran his claim up fromn 400!. to 7621. All this loss the plaintiff attributed to the defendant's keeping back the fact that he had received the faul sum of,3,000?. upon the mortgage, and representing that only 2,000! had been so received, and thus inducing hima to petition the Insolvent Court instead of at once paying ffhis debts in full. It further a pperd that on the 12t of MaLreh, 1855, the defendant had ee called upon to account for the maoney he had received and ex-, pended, but he returned no answer. He was again appliedl to on the 16th, and returned an answer which amounted to a refusal ; and when comnpelled to account by the Court of Chancery, he was constrained to admit that he hadl lent, the sum ofl1,5141. in his own name to aperson named Beatson, on the mortgage of somne houses The defendant was examined in support of his own case, and stated that though he was authiorized to take secuLrity from the plaintiff for 3,0001., it was well understood by the plaintiff at the timec that only 2,000!. was to be applicable to, the paysiacnt of his debts, unless he could give some further security, which he promiised to do upon some prope3rty in London,called "the Roundwood property," hutwbich turned out to be of little value. The object of the parties in going to tow%n in July was not, as stated b the laintifF, to settle wvith the creditors, but to see the" 1ou wood property." They did not, however, go to see it, hut they called en the creditors, as wvitness stated, to ascertain the amount of their claims. He deniedl that he premiised to call the next day and pay any of themi, or that he advised the plaintiff to petition the Insolvent Court. He said it was Tidy who adviszed that course. The defendant said he hadI lent the 1,5141. to Beatson in order to comply with the plaintiffs request to sai-e him thle interest which he was liable to pay to themiortgagee on the whole sulm of 3.000O!qat the rate of 4!. per cent. The defendant said that in all the paymenits which he had maade he had acted under the direction of the plaintiff, and he considered himself liable to Thompson for the 3,0001., though he had not given him his own security. 5i Two of the plaintiffs creditors, Sanders, an auctione-er, and Nathan, a wvine nierehant, in Mark-lane, were then called by the plaintiff, and distinctly contradicted the state- ment mad bythedefendn thatghe thad noitherparomse to callead paytheir dntebs.Tetr atos hplaintiffiasnasr-alld anddenie thatnher had evtintreqfiuestiedtheh deendntt layd oth aefnydmneyto save nthoe pelaointiff the interest.Th Theflenarnehd coune hav0ing. hith haddrssead the jury upown LogretdeCsires sai kethe thouadghtetat uneMither esartyop peared with credIt inuldthesve, etasatonr.thejr plitif inay ohtherceditoers and the (Lorde Campel wusas dIsor tLorsa thmpeldeenan dpidniot come wellaoto the iiwsnquiryut thet the second was established, and that would probably be the opinion of the jury. The defendant could hardly be said to have wrongfully abstained from paying the plaintiff's creditors in July, when that appea~re to have been done w~ith thetplaintiff's entire acquiescence. But it appeared that on th 12th ian 16th of March, 1855, the defendanlt had in a most distinct manner been called upon to account. Instead of doing so he returned an evasive answer, which amounted to a refusal. The plaintiff was thus forced to go into Chancery to compel the defendant to account. The result wArs that themdefiendant was ordered top pay over a balance of 1,333!. 14s. 6d. That was not done till the endl of June, whereas, if it had been done!in March, it wouldi have been sufficient to pay off the debts tif Nathan, Sanders, &c. It would be for the jury to say whiat dam ages tie plaitiffwas ntiled o reoverin eset of that breach The jry fund or te plintif-Daages, 2081. Mr. aasv aplie tothe our to tayexection, but
I COUIT OF COM[ON PLT EAS. .ThTTnTTATT. P1 XZ (Sittings at lAiW Pri7s, iut Londo7z, after Tern, 'before Mr. Justice CROWDERo ) The Court was occupied all day with trying a cause commenced yesterday-" Fendell v. Trimen "-which was an action brought to recover the price of some Bath stone furnished for building a church in Lancashire. A former action against the Church District Committee failed, and the present action was brought against the architect who ordered the stone. The case possessed no kind of interest, except to the parties concerned. SA%TURDA,Y, Fxn. 16. (Siings at His! Pri-is, in London, before Lord C7ief Justice Jimvis and Special Jutries.) .LT V. 3S5RT_NDAEE. This was an action to recover 2,000!., money had and received by the defendant to the plaintiff's use, to wvhich the defendant plcaded that he was never indebted. Mr. Knowl es, Q.C., and Mr. MIilard appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. Hugh Hill, Q.C., and Mr. Quain for the defendant. It appeared from the opening statement of the learned counsel for the plaintiff, and from the admissions and es-idence in the cause, that the plaintiff is a gentleman residing near Carlisle, in Cumbefrland, who, in September last, having 2,000!. to spare, consulted a friend as to the best mode of investing it, and was put into communication with a Mr. Gladders, a stockbroker at Liverpool, who advised the purchase of a bond in the West Hartlepool Dock and Railway Company, the price of which was 2,000l. The plaintiffagreed to make the purchase, andMr. Gladders was instructed to buy the bond. Mr. Gladders accordingly bought the bond, and requested the plaintiff to send him 2,000. the purchase-money -and 1O& for his commission, wliich sumn of 2,010l. the plaintiff remitted by return of post to Mr. Gladders by a letter of credit on his bankers at Carlisle. In about a week the plaintiff received a letter from the broker of the seller of the bond, requesting him to take the bond and pay the money. On receiving this letter the plaintiff immediately proceeded to Liverpool and to Mri Gladders' office, where he learnt that Mr.Gladderswas out of town, andhad been from the day thathis remittance had been sent, but his clerk told him that the defendant -was a great friend of his, and probably could tell him more abont him. In a state of considerable anxiety, as may be supposed, the plaintiff went to Mr. Martindale, the defendant, who is a dealer in cotton in Liverpool, and at first could learn very little from him or anything about Mr. Gladders. At last, on being seen again, and in answer to the anrious inquiries of the plaintiff about the 2,M1OR which he had remitted to Grladders, the defendant said, "Why, to tell the truth, I havegot 1,947!. of it." " You," said the plaintiff, " what have you to do with my money r" 11 Oh," replied the defendant, " Gladders owed me 1,94;71., so he paid me the money." The plaintiff in vain urged that the money was sent for a specinc purpose, and Gladders had no right so to appropriate it nor the defendant to receive it. The defendant only answered he had a right to get his money from Gladders as he could. From the evidence of Mlr. Gladders it appeared that he and the defendant, Ar. Matindale, lodged together at Liverpool, and that Martindale knew of the purchase of the 2,00u1. bond by Gladders, and that he&had written for the money, and on the morning the letter containing the letter of credit for 2,010'. arrived the defendant was with Gladders, and said to him, "I want 2,0001. to take up some cotton to-day, and cannot get it. Iend me that 2,0001.; I only want it for the day." Gladders refused at first, said it was sent to him to pav for the bond he had bought, and that he should be liable to be prosecuted if he misappropriated the money. He was answered, "Why, what difference can it make to you ? I only want it for a day." After some further persuasion. Gladders was induced to endorse the letter of credit to the defendant, who then said, "'You had better get it cashed yourself, andI will go with yon." The defendant thenuaccompanied Gladders tothe bank, remaining outside till Gladdes had got thoI money, and Gladens handed over to him the whole amount. -The defend,gt returned the 101. commission, sind when requestei by Gladslers to give an I OUI for the 2,0001.made anexecuse that hc waatlwu} in a hurry, and went dWway, lus the after- noon the defendant called upon Gladders and said to him, I have come to settle our account." " What account ?' aked Glidders. "Oh, or account," replied the defendsnt, handing Gladders an account showing a balance of 1,9417. against him. Gladders said he could not settle it; but defendant said, " Oh yes, here is the difrerence out of the 2,000C.," handing him 531. Gladders remonstrated, refused to take the money, and reminded the'defendant of his solemn promise to repay the 2,000!. in a dav, and told him what a mess ho should be in with the plaintiff and also with the selling broker if he did fotget it; but Martindale coolly answered, " he could not keep his promaise; and, as to the rest, it was Gladders' own fault." Eventually Gladders took the W., on the defendant saying he would send it to his office if he refused. Gladders, not knowing what to do, left the town and ran away from the difficulty, and it was in this position of affairs that the plaintiff sought to recover his 2,C000. from the defendant, who, he contended, had concocted the whole scheme to get hold of the money, and who knew the purpose for which the money was sent, that it -was his money, and not the money of Glad. ders, and had appropriated it sith that knowledge. Mr. H= subnutted that there was no case against the defendant. His LORDSEIrP ruled that there was, and that the plaintiff was entitled to recover, reserving leave to the defendant to move to set aside the verdict if he were wrong. Verdict for the plaintiff for 2,000l.
I COT) OF F , PO 1mM rLn'TCR6r AN") -T - - - -- V ' (Before t7hC LORD CHIEF BRA]o; and a Snrdal .Tnurm Sir F. Thesiger, Mr. Lush, and Mr. Brandt appeared for the plaintiffs ; the Attorney-General, 3Mr. Bovill, and Mr. Honeyman for the defendant. This was an action of ejectment to recover a messuage and tenement situated at Hendon, in AMiddlesex, upon the event of which depended, as was stated, landed property of the value of 7,0001. or 8,0001. a-year. The very premature end to which the case ca.ne would render a detail of tho evidence given, which was purely of a documentary character, to provevarious steps m a pedigree, unintelligibl. fNotI withstanding, however, that the case of the plaintiffs was nrecked almost before it was fairly launched, it was not commenced without sufficient time for consideration, for in the year 1839 it was proved that upwards of 100 persons joined in a bond to support the claimants, and that the suit wns carried on by means of calls made upon the obligees, although the action could not be brought until after the death of one James Fletcher, the tenant for life, which took place in December, 1853. When the evidence had proceeded for a short time, a register of Colesheth, in the parish of Willink, in Lancashire, was tendered to prove the marriage of one Wil'am Flitcroft with Ann Owen in the year 1686. The Attorney-General, having inspected it, called the attention of the Court to the entry. He (the Attorney-General) had compared it w.ith another entry in which the name "Flitcroft" occurred, and which professed to be written on the very same day in the same register, and the entry was obviously not genuine; it was evidently an imitation of the other, and a very bad one. Sir F. TnsrIsoGR then took the register into his hands, minutely examined it, and, after some consultation with his learned friends, rose, and said that he had not thc slightest doubt that the entry was not a genuine one. There was, he admitted, no other satisfactory evidence of the marriage, and, at all events, it would be nmost unbecoming on his part to attemptto support a case in which there had been manifestly a tampering with the register. He would therefore withdraw from the case, but at the same time it was but just to the attorney who conducted the case to say that he lhad entirely frosted to copies of the entries, and had never seen the original register till that day. The CmsEF BARON expressed his approval of the course taken by the plaintiffs' counsel, and the plaintiffs were then " called," and nonsuited. In the expectation of this being a very longcauuse the jurymen in waiting had been released and the Court accordingly rose at half-past 12. SECOND COUJRT. The cases which were disposed of during the day were not of any pablic interest. SATURDAY, 1EB. 16. tSittigs at NiPrius, beforcthc CsHrEFBARONandaSapcia Jury, at Guild&Tall.) LAWUS.IE F. THE EARL OF CARDIG.MT Mtr. Edwin James and _Mr. Lush were counsel for the plaintiff; the Attorney-General, Mr. Bovill, and Mr. Garth represented the noble defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover damages from the Earl of Cardigan for his alleged vrongful dismissal from the office of agent and manager of his Lord. ship's extensive estates in Leicestershire, Northamptonshire, and Yorkshire, without reasonable notice, and also to recover compensation for services rendered with respect to the last-named estates as general agent for a period of nine months. The defendant pleaded several pleas, denying the engagements as set out in the plaintiff's declaration, and justifying the dismissal on the ground that the plaintiff had wrongfully refused and neglected to comply with the defendant's wishes and directions as to the management of the estates in question, and asserting that the plaintiff hadwvith. drawn himself from the service of the defendant. Finally, as to the claim for services rendered in Yorkshire, the defendant paid 1501. into court, and denied all further liability to the plaintiff. It appeared from the evidence of the plaintiff (who was the ondy witness in the cause) and a voltuminous correspondence that the plaintiff had held a captain's commission in Lord Cardigan's regiment, but was now a major, and that, happeninig to call upon his Lordship in Portinansquare, in 1847, he learnt that he was in great distress relative to the conduct of his estates, and that, though his inc:ne was large, it was nearly doubled by his outgoings. In the course of the conversation which ensued Lord Cardigan pressed the plaintiff to undertake the office of financier as regarded his estates in Leicestershire and Northamptonshire, at a salary of 400?. a-year, and a house, stating that " as he had always managed his troop devilish well, there was no reason why be should not do as well in this new capacity." Upon this the plaintiff assented, and entered upon the duties of his office, which gradually enlarged in consequence of the death of the regular agent, till he was virtually the steward of the noble earl's property in those two counties. For two years or so no addition was made to his salary, though his predecessor had enjoyed afarlarger one; butatthat timethe plaintiffappiled to the defendant, and his income was increased to 5l00. In addition to these duties, the plaintiff also undertook the duty of audting the accounts of Mr. Hayward, the agent for the Yorkshire property, at a salary of 100l. a-year, and so great was the confidence reposed in him by his employer that when the latter sailed for the Crimea he left a general power of attorney vwith him, with directions to act for him in all emergencies, if, as was not improbable, his report; and communications should not be answered within a reasonable tune. The plaintiff accordingly acted for the Ear: in his absence, and wrote fully to him every fortnight on all subjects connected with all his property, ant on the early death of Mr. Hayward, in default of any reply from the Earl upon that subject, assumed the general management of the Yorkshire pro* perty. On his Lordship's return toEngland, in Febsuary. lSoa, the plaintiff wvaited upon him and submitted to bins as was usual, his book s and accounts, and a sheet of memoranda which had been prepared for his inspection and directions, and in the conversation which ensued the greates' cordialty and satisfaction were evinced on the part of tin EarL On the 13th of the same month, however, the plain' tiff was aniazed at the receipt of a folio full of complamit; from the defendant-some sn respect of trivial matters, ani others in respect of more important topics; but the main feature of the communication was the expression of th - writer's dissatisfaction at the alleged undue assumption o? independent authority and control by the plaintiff, and a want of ' that common respect which was usually paid by an agent of estates to his employer, the proprietor," and an intimation that, unless the plaintiff was prepared to comply with his wishes for the future in the various details there pointed out, he must adopt the alternative of withdrawing from the management. The plaintiff answered this letter by denying that he was open to the imputations cast upon his conduct, and. after appealing tohis past laborious services (which w ere stated to have effected a saving of G60,000. in the eight years of his rule am contrasted with the expeiditure of the preceding period of like extent), concluded by saying that, as he nad lost his Lordship's confidence, he felt he colld not any longer retain his office, and therefore, in compliance with his request, begged to retire. The defendant then repled that the plaintiff had not lost his confidence, nor did hc wish hini to retire, but that he claimed to exercise the ordinary rights of a proprietor by calling for sundry details, and bad only presented resignation as the alternative. After thistheplaintiffand defendant met attheir club, whentheformer bowed, but wasmet ratherdistantly, and a conversation ensued, in which the plaintiff said, "thoughtheir relation of employer and agent had ceased, there was no reason why they shouli not meet as gentlemen and recognize each other ' to which the defendant replied that b he did not wish to Lnow him, if he did not continue to act as his steward." A further discussion took place, in which the defendant repeated that "all he vanted was the assurance that for the future his wishes should be complied with;" and the parties separated on the understanding that the plaintiff should write again. This was on the 24th of February. On the next day the plaintiff addressed a letter to the defendant, in which, repeating his impression that his services could not be acceptable after bohad lost the confidence of the defendant, he begged to retire from the management of his Property. To this the Earl replied, accepting the plaintiff's resignation and caling upon him at once to surrender his books, &c., to his successor, who would attend the audit on the 1st of Mirch, on which day in 1847 the plaintiff, as it happened, had entered into the service of the defendant. Unter these circumstances it was that the present action was brought and the claims above enumerated advanced by the ulaintit The ATToRYEY-GErERAL, havingtaken certain technical obiectionsto the declaration and proof, which were overruledbythelearnediudae, addressed thejury for the defendant, contending that that which the plaintiff called his dismissal was nothing more or less than a voluntary resignation of his employment, rather than comply with the natural desire of the defendant to be kept better -acquainted with his own affairs than he seemed to think had been tme case; whether rightly or wrongly, he had preferred certain complaints to the plaintiff, and had called upon him simply to give the assurance that for the future his affairs should be conducted in accordance with his own views and wishes or that the plaintiff should retire. The plaintiff ivas therefore not dismissed, but simply invited to adopt the reasonable wishes of his employer or to resign his situation - but, instead of giving the assurance which any igent ought to have given, the plaintiff chose to take huff, and to treat the matter as a reflection on his hondur so grave as to call for his resignation. The defendant, however, had all along wished him to continue in his servide, and had only exercised his undoubted right when he called upon the plaintiff as he had d6ne. He (the Attorney-GenbrAl) therefore submitted that the plaintiff was not entitled to any compensation for want of notice, and as to the'claim. for services iu Yorkshire, he contended that they were amply compensated for by the sum paid into court The CanEr BARON, in summning up the evidence to the jury, regretted that two rfentlemen occupying the rank and poitio repcidfilled by the plaintiff and defendant shoul dtowards each ether inthe situatibh of employer andservant, butwhen su6h a case occurred it behoved both parties to bemost guarded in their demeanour and bearing towards each other. On the one hand it becaime the agent so to conduct himself asto avoid the possible imputation of assumning too much, aud, on the other hand, it became the employer so to behave towards the agent, his brother officer and a gentlemnan, as not to give occasion to wound his feelings. The case, however, was to be decided by the jury, who would say whether they thought the plaintiff had been dismissed. or hte rqipned- There was great weight in what the Adiorney-C,eneral had urged, and there was somne weight in the contentiosi of Mr. James, who had stated that if an agent was called onto adopt a course which, as a gentleman, he could not adopt, or submit to the alternative of resignation, that would amount virtually to his discharge. The jury would say whether they thought the communication of Lord Cardigan to the plaintiff was framed with the desire to force himn to resign, or to enforce the adoption of the wishes expressed by hiu to the plaintiff as to the future management of his estates. If the former, they might view it as a discharge; if the letter, it might not be so viewed by them, and the plaintiff would not'be entitled to compensation on the first two heads of his claim. If they thought the paintiff had been disrmissed, be was dearly entitled to reasonable notice in his (the Chief Baron's) opinion, and they would give such damages as they thought right in respect of beth estates; and if they thought tbe$alinti-ff had not been sufficiently remunerated for his services in Yorkshire by 1iOL, they would give him such further sum as was proper on that The jury consulted a short time, and found a verdict for the plaintiff on all points :-as to the first, they awarded 1501. damages; as fo the second, IOOI.; and as to the third, sot. iAverdict was thereupon entered for the plaintiff for T'he CHF tBARON, at the request of tlhe Attorney-General, stayed the execution in order that the yinionof the Court above nmight be taken on his ruling in the case. SECOND COURT. (Sit4inygs a4 (uildhadI, in Committee-room Yeo. 1, at Rsi, Prits, beforc Mlr. Baron MARTTN and Common Juries.) I5ARUIS V. BINNS. Mfr. Hawkins, with whom was Mfr. C. Pollock, conducted the case for the plaintiff, and Mr. Sereanit Shee, with Mr. Pearce, represented the defendant. This was an action by which the plaintiff sought to recover compensation in damages for alleged negligence in his character as an attorney in not canying on a suit which he had commienced for him to trial, under the circumstances of which the following is an outline:- It appeared that the plaintiff, who was a fruiterer, carrying on his business in St. James's-place, Aldgate, had employed the defendant to manage various proceedins insructions Aoug these mlatters was one where he gave insetonstothe deedn osea woman of the E name of oach, who kept a shop in the Arcade leading up to the London anlBrighten Railway, fora sum of 211. ; and accordingly, on the 24th of March, 1854, the writ was issued. Adelay hero arose, for the declaration was not served till the 2d of June. Notice of trial was then given for the 19th of that month, but that notice would appear to have been countermanded. The plaintiff falling into insolvent circumstances, he got the defendant to take him tlhrouh the court. The action against Roach, however, rexinaed dormant, notwithstanding, as theplaintiff said, he was continually pressing the defendant to proceed with it, until a second notice of trial was given on the 29th of January, 1855, but that notice was not acted upon, and at length the attorney on the other side, anxious to get his own costs, took the necessary proeedings under the late Common law Procedure Act, and obtained judgment against the plaintiff for not proceeding with his action. The result was that tle plaintiff w as arrested for the costs, which amounted to 171., but was released on his paying lIQ. In the course of his evidence the plaintiff, who wvas corroborated by his brother, stated that when the defendant apphed to him for money in June, 1854, to enable him to proceed with the action, he had banded him 61. On behalf of the defence it was declared that the defendcnt had not procceded with the action because he had been unable to obtain money fromn the plaintiff to carry it on. It was also stated that the defendant had transacted very miany law matters for the plaintiff, for which he had never received any payment, and that with respect to the sum of ;1. spoken to by the plaintiff, that money was handed to Iiin towards the expenses he had to incur in taldng that person through the knsolvent Court, and in p roof of this latter statement the defendant produced his book containing an entry to that effect. It was further represented that the defendant had ascertined that it was of no use saing Miss Roach, as she had no assets with which to satisfy any judgment. Mr. Baron MAsTrsy, in leaving the case to the jury, said that an attorney was not bound to carry on a suit for a client at his owvn expense. Indecd, no client lied a right to expect it. In the present instance the plaintiff and his brother said that hehad given the defendant, for the purpose of proceeding with his suit against Miss Roach, a sum of 61., but the defendant, on the other hand, said that that money was handed to him on a different account--namely, towards the expense of taking the plaintiff through the in solvent Court. The jury must find their way through these contradictions, if they should be of oiriion that the 6s c fis othe dterendsan; on account ot the action against Mliss goich they should find for the plaintiff and give moderate damages. He thoug,ht, at al events, the plaintiff was entitled to recover the 10l. he had had to pay in consequence of the defendant not having proceeded 'with the action. The jury consulted for a considerable time, and then gave a verdict to the plaintiff, with 251. as damages.
INSOLVENT DEBTORS' COURT, Feb. 16. IN RE THO3IAS ROOlR. (Before Ar. Comm7issioncv 1xmLLus.) This insolvent was opposed by M1r. Sargood for Messrs. Burleigh and Snelgar, wine and spirit merchants; M\r. Dowse supported. The insolvent was beard about. a month since upon a petition under the Protection Act, which petition, upon the opposition of Messrs. Brleigh and Co., was dismissed, and having been since then arrested at the suit of those creditors, the insolvent petitioned under the 1st and 2d of Victoria, c. 110, for his discharge. It appeared from the evidence of Mr. Snelgar that the insolvent had acted as agent and traveller for his fann, and that in March last notice was given to him of the termination of the engagement. In May, however, it was discovered that the isolvent had received 70?. on account of the firm, which he was called -upon to pay over, which he declined to do, setting up a claim for porterageand money p aid for carriage by way of set-off,-a c aim which was repudiated by the finn, hut which the insolvent persisted in, having entered it in his schedule as adebtduetohim. Since he had been arrested an offer had been made on his behalf of 201., in settlement of the debt, but the creditors refased to accent less than 25?. Mr. SARtGOOD urged the case as one of simple robbery, in which it was the duty of Messrs. Brrleigh and Co. to oppose for the saLe of public justice. h#. Do s Pleaded in mitigation the aivanced age (71) and infirnn health of tlle insolvent. Mr. Commissioner Pnrrws said that was a matter which, however much ho might de2loro-the inrolvent's infirmities. | did not fall within his province. Any appeal of that kind I mnutbe addressed to the creditors, who corud release the insolvent at any moment they chose after the judgment had been pronounced. It was clear the debt of Messrs. Burleigh and Co. had been fraudulently contracted, and therefore the insolvent would not be discharged from their suit until the expiration of six months from the date of the vesting order.
POLICE. GuuhDmiLL-A well-dressed man was placed at the bar before Sir IL W. CAnDMN and Alderman 1?Awvn cE upon the following chargo Samuel Coombes, detective officer.-I have been watchine the law courts at Guildhall for some time. At half-past 1i o'clock on the morning of the 12th of February I saw tho prisoner n the passage leading from the Queen's Bench into tuildball. Hewentto a door and placed hishand unonthe brass handle and then went away. At about U o'clock he returned, and I saw him put his hand into his pocket and take out a bradawl, which he put to the handle of the door and turned it round. He then put the bradawl into his pocket, and I saw him twist something from the door and put it in his pocket. -Ee tried to get the handle off, but could not do so. He then went away and I followed him andsecured him. I searched him on the spot andfound the screw which I produce in his trowsers pocket. It belongs to the handle of the door. He gave a correct address and, upon searching his lodgings, I founda a strap wvhich appears to have been the springof a door, three finger plates, a mrass hook belonging to a door, two pieces of brass apparently belonging to bell-pulls, a small candlestick like those used in churches, part of a -gas-fitting, an iron hathauger, and several brass screws. I have made inquiries about the prisoner, and I am informisedthat he is a gentle- The prisoner said, he had worked for an auctioneer and a broker, and hc had obtained the goods produced from different sales. Inspector Carpenter said, he was the inspector of police attached to the 13righton Railway. During the last four months every handle and hook :in the offices had been wrenched off. He had frequently seen the prisoner at the station, but never suspected bins, as ho -was always welldressed. - Sir I.W. C,mDEN inquired whethtr there was anyfur. ther evidence' X - . * Officer Coombes said, ho had just been iisformed that the hatwhich the prisoner wore could be identified by a gertleman-in co-rt as his propeity. - i Joseph John Sappery, said helived4tIambFarm, Dorset, and was an accountant. The hat produced, he had not tho slightest doubt, was hi. It was stolen that day week from the Bankruptcy Court. He could identify it by the date, written inside the ining. Sir R. W. CAnDEN said that these depredations, although petty, were excessively inconvenient. Under the circumstances, he should remand the prisoner for a wee;, in order that the police might make inquiries. Charles Raines, a marine store dealer, of 'No. 2, Barrett'scourt, Wigmore-street, and Edwin Butterworth, were *harged, the former with burglariously entering the house of lr. Benjamin Webb, of No. I, St. James's-terrace, St. James's-square, lNotting-hill, and stealing therefrom 260z. of sl7ver plate, aud also he was charged with the othierprisoner as being the receivers of t.he property* stolen, wvell linowing the same tobe stolen, Sir R. W. CARDES eomm itted the two prisoners for triaL WARYBISTE.-Mr. John Woohlgart, a tobacconist, carrying on business in the Edgeware-road, was charged before l,Ir.) LNO with having uttered base haf- crowns. The evidence went to show that on the previous afternoon Richard Burrell, a porter in the employ of Mr. Best, upholsterer, &e., Tottenham-court-road, left a sofa bedstead at the prisoner's house, anld delivered a bill for the same to the amount of 2l 5s. Prisoner gave the porter eight half.crowns and 25s., and, upon the porter looking over the money, he found that one of the half-crowns was a counterfeit. He returned it to the prisoner, who, in exchange for it, gave him 2s. and a 6d He went home and gave the money he had received to his employer, who discoveredthat amongthe coins there was a bad half-crown. The porter then told him what had previously occurred between him and the prisoner In the course of the evening Mr. Best, accompanied by a friend, went to the pi0soner's shop and asked for two cigrs, upon receivingwlich he tenderedasovereigo,requestingthat the change might be all in silver; in the sad change he found another spurious half-crown, and he then gave the prisoner into the custody of Polce-constable Sankey, 74 D, by whom he was conveyed to the station-house. Hfe was there searched, and he had in his possession bank notes. geld, and silver, to the amount of o91. lOs. 3d. The prisoner expressed his innocence with regard to any knowledge of either of the half-crowns being had atthe period ot his paying them away as stated. The three counterreit pieces were produced by the police oflicer. M1r. LoNG told the prisoner that he must he remanded, for the attendance of the Mdint Solidtor, till Thursday next, but that he would be allowed to give bail for his reappearance on that day, himself in 100l., and two sureties in 50!. each. epon an applic, tion subsequently made by MEr. Herring, solicitor, ths nmgistrate consented to reduce the amount of the sureties to one-half of the sum, which he had in tho first instance named. Frederick Melcombe, a fishmonger, was brought up on a warrant, by Race, an officer at Marylebone workhouse, clarged before Ur. LONG with deserting Frances, his wife, and leaving her chargeable to the parish. Mr. LoNG (to defendant).-You are charged with deserting and neglecting to support your wife. What have you to say to this 7 Defendant.-I deny that I am her husband. William Armfield, on being sworn, said, he resided in Church-street, Portman-market, and that the defendant was married to his sister, the complainant. Drr. LONG.-Wlhen was he married to your sister? Witness.-About 11 years and a half ago, at St. Pancras new church. After their miariage, they came frequently to visit me and my wife. They were then living in the neighbourhood of Pimlico. A few weeks ago I wvas pasing through Billingegate-market, wvhen I saw the defendant in t.he shlop of hr. Heywood, a fishmonger. I shook hands with him, and he (defendant) said to me, "How are you, WfillIiam1 I told him that his wife was in Marylebone Workhouse and at the point of death, and he remarked, "ls he, by GodI" Iasked him why he had deserted her, and he made no reply. Mr. Lo.}.-This is a strange case. (To defendant.) Do you, after this evidence which you have heard, still deny that you are married to this woman? Defendant.-I do, your worship. I know nothing of her or of the wituess who has just been examined. The parties are altogether strangers to me. Mr. LoNG.-If you persist in that you must be remanded in order that further inquiries may be instituted. Complainant (to defendant).-Yon know, Frederick, that on the very morning you married me there was a black man married to a white *roman at the same time. (Laughter.) Defendant.-I know nothing aboutyou, and w-as never in St. Pancras church in my life. A person here came forward, and said that ho had known defendant for 20 years, and that he did not believe coIIplainant was his wife. He (witness) knew the woman to whom defendant was married. Complainant (with much energy).-That man (pointing to defendant) is ny husband. I can't be iiistaken, and if he has 50 other wives I can't help it. rn swear he married mne. Mfr. Tibbs, the assistant overseer of Marylebone, said that, notwithstanding the positive denial of the defendant, he should be able, no doubt, on a future day to adduce indisputable evidence as to the defendant and complainant being reaUy man and vife. The inquiry was adjourned till Thursday next. Wonsip-s=ru.-Joseph Martin, a thick-set oun,g fellow, dressed like a baker, was charged before Mr. H11aUs, with having been concerned wtith other men not in custody in the folowing assault and highway robbery Mfr. Samuel Cluff, a silk manufacturer at Walthamstow, stated,-I was croswina oix-'. B at as orclock on Friday afternoon, and had scarcely set my foot on the pavement,when I was suddenlyset upon andattacked by four or five men, among whom was the prisoner. One of them snatched at my wateh, which was in my waistcoat pocket, fastened to mybuttonhole by agoldAlbertchain, and secured to another round my neck, while a third chain was fastened to the Albert, with three gold seals, - gold key, and a locket. That chain was broken away, and my assailant got off vith it, and while he was doing so a second man struck me on the head, knoeked my hat off, and "ttempted to steal my watch, but the guard fortunately fell, and he missed his aim. I then tried to ran after the man who had stolen my chaim, and was purposely impeded by the prisoner, who bent down to stop me, but I jumped over him, ran on, and caught the one with the chain about 20 yards off. I seized him by the neck and flung him down, but he kicked mne so violently I was obliged to relinquish my grasp, and he got away. I, however, still pursued and twice aught him, and, flinging him over the shafts of a waggon, hed him for about half an hour, I should think, when the prsoner came up, said I had made a mistake, and tried to pull him awayfrom me; but Istuckto him, held him firmly, and dragged him about 200 yards, the prisoner all the tune trying to get him away from me, and the thief being so exhausted from my holding him tightly that blood came from his nose, and he bit my finger. The prisoner at that time dealt me such a heavy kick onthe lower part of the stomach that I was obliged then to let go of the other, and he was immediately hurried away by some of his confederates into one of the adjoining houses. The prisoner then seized me by the waist and tried to force me away, but I succeeded in gettig him into a publichouse, though how I did so I rcally cannot telL. The prisoner then made a desperate effort to ese.-pe, hut with the assistance of the landlord. 1: still held him till a constable came up, and I then gave him into custody. I was qite alone at the time of the robbery, can swear the prisoner is one of the men who stopped me, and knowthat he stoodimmediately behind the one who stole my chain. Thomas Harris, 119 H.-When called totake the prisoner I found the prosecutor bleeding from one of his knuckles, and sawV a footmark on his trousers, as if from a violent kick. The prisoner gave as his address' No. 44, Brick-lane, but on going there I found that he did not live there, though his sister had fornerly done so. William Turnell, the publicanreferred to, stated,-While in my parlour I heard a violent noise and hammering at my bar, and on jumping up sawv both prosecutor and prisoner standing there; the formuer was very much ecixted and tremblingall over; his whole appearance showed that he had been thrown into the mud and illused; -one of his hands was bleeding, while in the other he was grasping his watch, from which the chain bad beenbroken. Ee said, "Excuse my intruding, Sir, hut I call upon you 'to help ne to seciure this man for robbing and illusin" me" and I vent round and held him on one side, while t7he pr'oseetor held him on the other, and we both did so, notwithstanding several detersmied attempts at escape, till a constable could be found to take him. Prisoner.-I saw Mr. Cluff struggling with a man who was bleeding from the nose; two more men were assisting Mr. Cluff, and I also 'went up to protect him, but they struck me and beat me off. I went up a second time to help him, seeing he was being iused, but they had then got the other-lad awsay. Zf. Ciuff was trembling and shaldng all over, and seemed ready to drp, and he invited me to have a glass of ale, that he might give me half a sovereign for assisting him, hat the moment I got into the house he turned round and gavre me in charge. Mr. HAMMTLI-Very well, that will do; I shall send you before a jury. The depositions were therefore taken by Mfr. Hurlstone; the second clerk, and the prisoner was- fully committed to Newgate for triaL
{Advertisement.]-" o L'Orme," by G. P. R. James, price Is. 6d, is published tbis day in tbe *Parlour Library." Of all tbe Vorks of this most poe2lar writer not one stands higher in public estiMation tban this wor- lNota sIngle pageis without somnestirring adventure. It bas been considered quite equalto SirWalter scotts "Ivanboe." Latelypublishedalsoin this series "The Inheritanea," by Mtiss Ferrier, autbor of " -larriage," which wiulye ready in a day or two; both selling for Irs 6d These volumies nmay be had of aU bool.s:llers and at any railway station in the three kingdoms. Thomas Hodgson, publisher, 13, Patemoster-row. [Advertisement.]-W. Vincent Wallace's latest pianoforte works-" Reverie on tbe Eankls of Allan Water." Bs, - <-harlie is may Darling" and " The CampbeUs are Coming " E'antaisie de Salon, 35i, "PFo rgmetmnoV Zsomance.Ss.; "La Fglihadel' Amnore" lRiroletco) 2s. - "LaDomaeMlobile" (RigolItto, 2s. M;L `ThboVcs- ieEynts.; "Thne OldlludredthFsaolm(tt's;, "'I know thatm-r iaedmenelivetbh," 2s. Ca ; "With verdure clad," 2s. 6d. $Haydn's Surprise," s.; "Pading away," 3s.; Scotch melodies. caLc Ss., Irish melodics, each 3s. "The most fasunatifg of aU drawing-room compositIons. London, Riobert Cocks and Co., aXew BUrlington-street. [Advertisement.)->orbh Notice.-What has always been wantedas just publ sredce4s. "TheDictionary Appeadix" (6th edition), with upwards of M wo00;asrd nmot found ina dictionary, comprisng the participles of tho verbs, which pelex aU vvitem. No person who writes a letter sheod be-without this work; all sehao gp?i a sbould have it. " This book is invaluablc."-e Weel, Time5." "Ve heartily recommend it."-" Evangeliceal Magzaine. " This book is as neceesasy as WValker's Dictionary itaeL"-"-The Critic. " This book should be at the elbow of every one -who wisbes to write correctly."-" Iaterary Azgus." Those wrho pores this book xtandon higbergroundthmntherest oftheconnnunity- SeleyandCo.,S. Fleetstreet; alsosoldat0, Charing-cross. Thbe2ttthousmndi3n0wseling. rAdvertisement.-" Tne is the Kin dom, the Power, 'ndthe Glory." Painted and enmved by S W.yeanolds. Size, 18by 22incbeshigh. Prints, .; on diapaper, 1s.; artist'speOOfe, on Indi&pa&err,,z2. sAmostwinning engraving, abydesigued and sdmirably execoted. T2he subJect may easilyboe coneICvedd. AfaI child, just able to repeat the 3ord's Prayer, Imneis on his bed, with bli tiuy haisuplifted. and supportedby his youthbul mother, vho gazes onhim with the utmost expression of maternal love The engraving cannot bat prove adcoered favotaite "-"Britannmis" " The engraving wsil doubtlessiflnd favour with ma, from the beauty of the sub- lependentiy of the dlerer way inwlch it is executed."-" C,urt Jonmpal.. @4Aswveetpictureof^z!oun other teaching her sonhis prayer"-!Ecoomist" Also, "Suffer little childrento come unto mae;" mamesire andprice. -<Also. Barraud's' "onour thy father and thy mother;" soniesizeaadprite. Eitberof these aroemoanions to each other. London, Thoma ll 401, Oxford-staoct,Tand all print-
IRUA2`D. I (FRoM oun ow, commoNoiZm)T DUBIf, SATURDAY EVEYSM,. OA.L MW ON SIrPPING.: The bi introduced by 3!r. loowe fortheabolition of passing tolls, &c., bas given great satisfaction to ce Omeroiil community here, aB the'measure embracesprovisions eminently calculated to relieve the trade of Dublin from certain obstacles to its development and progress. The Mercantile Advertiser thus specifies tho grievances and the proposed antidote "Under a cerain act of Parliament, of the 56Mt year of the reign of George IEL, 4d a ton is charged on all vessels, coasters excepted, bourd for Dublin, and for the vessel herself 9s. Gd.; for eacht entry of goods going into, or cbming out of, bond, and! for goods duty yaid in bond, imported in shi l ao foreign parts . ls levied; on all bondspaascdatthet>sto. houe 2s.; oneeylcneto ^ hp Os,o veysi upon registry being granted in tbe port, lOs., on every Cn*. torns' entry from tarhouse of foreign goods, 2s. This Latter item is the famous '2s- entry about 'which so much his been heard, and against which so many contplsints have been made. It is one of the most vexatlous-mdood the most oppressive of all the charges Out of a sIngle cargo there mnight be 50 or even 100 entries, and every entry was subjected to an impost of 2s. But the anomaly of these taxes is as cormiel as their injustice is glariin bhey are paid in to reimburse the Excbequer for the savances for constructing the harbour of Kingstown, in which any vessel in the world might seek refuge and gain safety without the paymnent of a penny. A. vessel fromn Canton or Archangel bound for Dublin, and not touching at Kiagstowav at all, 'vould have to pay4d. per ton; but the same vessel, if bound for an English or a Scotch port, might obtain au asylum-perhaps escape destruction-by- taking sbelter in Kingatown harbour, and not pa a-farthing for the shelter and protection afforded her. There is also levied ; tax, under another act, of 2s. Gd. on every entry invArds and outwards wade in this port. The levying of this impost has long outlived the uses to 'which it -as originally appled; and, consequently, though not the heaviest, it was one of the most vexatious of the charies that clogI!ed the best energiesanad neutralized the enterprise of tle mer. chants of our city. Mr. Lowe's measure -proposes to remnit the taxes which we have enumerated above, besides another ' duty of 2d. uer ton' not specified iu that enumeration. Thus weemay at length expect thatthelaboirs of the Council of the Chamber of Commerce are, in regardi to this great interest, besides mnany others on the point 6f being crownecd with success; and the merchants of Dublin, in the words ot MIr. Codd, I permitted fairly to compete with other parts of the unitedkiigdomn, unencumbered by partial and oprressivo taxation.'" AGRICULTURAL OPEPATIONS. ARl the provincial reports complain bitterly of the long continuance of the rainy season and the consequent backwardness of spring fitldwork. The ground is everywhere aiid to be dompletely satu-i rated with moisture, but as within the two last days there has been a favourable change in the weather, a cessation of the complaints may be speedily expected. ENICUMB13ERED ESTAMIS COURT. A petition for the sale of the Irish estates of the late lamented Marquis of Anglesey was this day presented to the Encumbered Estates Court. The petitioners are the Duke of Richmond, Viscount Sydney, and Lord Clarence Paget, as trustees to the will of the late marquis. The propert y is situate is th counties of Down, Louth, and Galway. The net aunnua rent;al is 5,3381., and the encumbrances amnount to 43,8001. 17s. 2d. THE FUNDS. three per Cent. Consols, 90 4 i; ditto, for account; the 7th of 3fairch, 903 91; New 1'hree per Cent. Stock, 90Q i; ditto, for account, the 7th of March, 90. j ; Royal Bank of Ireland, (10!. paid), 20,,; Wicklow Copper Mine, (51. paid), 33A. Railways.-Dnblin and Belfast Junetion (451. paid), 42j; Dublin and Wicklow (101. paid), 5.; Great Southern and Western (50. paid), 53; Irish SouthEastern (12t. paid), 5 ; Killarney Junction (10. paid), 8; Mlidland Great Western and Royal Canal (50!. paid), 40Newry, Warrenpoint, and Rostrevor (20! paid), 4; Waterford and iLkenny, New, 6 per cent. preference share.s (41. 10s. paid), 2.
SOLDILERS BOOTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-Like most other persons, I have had my attention called to the reports which have from time to time ap er in your columns, and more especially to Portions of tfie - cial documents just issued and signed by Colonel Tulloch and Sir J. IrNeill, as to the many real causes of complaint against the method, or rather want of method and-proper arrangement vwith which our army is provided for andi clothed. I hesitate not to say that if.tbe authorities choew to avait themselves of that help and advice which, without cost, woild be cheerfully given, much inconvenience and expensc would be removed, and a practical step nmade towards a better order of things. I have the department of clothinginview, and especially that part ofitinwlhich r have, or ought to have, some personal knowledge-boots anda shoes Many comnplaints, as you are aware, have been maade that boots sent out as water-tight have not been so; that a very large proportion -were the wrong size; that the boots,. after a few days' wear, fell to pieces, or that some parts did' so, thus rendering the remainder useless. Few but those who have personally experienced this state of things cau conceive the disappointment, inconvenience, and annoyance such circunstances must occasion ;-no help for repairs within reach, or under marches and in wet weather, anl without others to change. Sir, I have seen boots going out to the Orimea, par's of which were excellent, and other parts worthless-the bad pQrtions spoiling the good. Why do not the authorities call togeiher four or tivo tgadcsmen thoroughly understanding their business, acd i. no pay connected wth eont-racts for Government supp]y, and asvi their advice5 Their experience and Judgmgent; would w illingly be given, andI believe nrtices less expersive, more durable, and inwinitely more suitable for the fotia would result. To particularize the waterhoots. The straps used for these have been a piece of narrow cotton tape, breacingtafter two or three times of trial, and causing the boots, especially if damp, topilon with much difficulty. A leather strap substituted for the cotton tape would cost no more and lasti out the boots. The inner-sole, or that on which the foot rests, being a part not seen, is generally in an untsnned, or nearly in its green raw state. The effect of this is inevitably to blister and draw the feet, and when this crude leather ie drving. after the boot has been in. damp or water, materiallyto shrink and contract it. Througi carelessness or want of judgment, the seams in the shorter boots are sc placed as if 4;urposely to cut like a tightened cord over the most tender parts of the foot, and this where there is mnos-t exposure to the weather, and where also the work is mnost likely to come undone and difficult to repair. If the boot were properly contrived no seam would be needed across this susceptible portion of the foot-all pressure wouldi be thus got nd of, and one fruitFul cause for the necessity of repairs removed. I venture to affirm tlhat, so far as the structure of the foot is conoemed, our arny boots are fully a century behind the improvements of the day-loose where a hold upon the foot Is needed, and, consequently, tight across the articulated portions of the foot, where case, play, and freedom are especially require(L *'here is no present arrangeinent by w-hich suitability of size or shape can be secured, while, by a very simple process, every division and proportion of ssze and most suitable shape can easily be obtained. By such an exercise of method no danger of waste need be entertained, and the now "onethird loss of supply" entirelyout of the question. I apprehendthe same principles might applyto, andsimilar help might be secured for, the ether portions of tho sDldiert) dress, insuring to him a more suitabole and durable attire, and withal such imPrOVementS suggested and secured by thle feicudly and unpaid advice of those whose experience anta talents have deservedly placed thlem-high in their respective trades. I doubt not army contractors obey orders, R~nd use whamt kinowledge they possess; but I have ample rason to adi that the nature and exitent of their 'business prevent theus from seeing, acquiring,s or bcecomng even acsgsainted with, or using those improvements which- those whose time anti success, being dependent en a specialty, compel them to~ adopt, or the latter class would never have reached as firt rate london-tradesmen the qtosition they now occupy, and who even now, _f halting _n the race, would soon havoe to retire froim it. I hve the honour to be, Sir, Year very humble and! obedient servannf JAMES MEDWINT I , Ecgent street, Feb. 16. THE CONAGE.-A return issued on Saturday ihowvs thtthe sums andtnceaiastye romtheconsolidated fuid for the purchase of bhlion for coinage amounted to 250,000O., while the amount paid itto the Baink of England to the account of the Exchequer in repayment of advances from the consolidated flund was 300, Th. The tot4 amonnt advanced for 'uying bullion since WS37 indusive is 4,E,gl, and ihe tetal amount so paid into th3.ank of Fnglad is 4,770,)000.
APA Y2L, AIYD MILITA4BY INTBELuGy.6 TBe Telegraph steam-transport, No. 1S4, Captain Nichol. son, arrived at Spithcad on Saturday aftefrcon. She sailed from Corftn January 22, Zante 25, Malta 28; ar. rived at GibraltarFebruary 2, and sailed thence on the 11th. The same day, at the entrance to the Straits, she signalied the Ikedalus, standing in. The Grasshopper, 2, gunboat, Lieutenant Lee, arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday mornmg from the eastwardL The Geyser, G, steamsloop, Commander Tower, sailed on Saturday morning from Portsmonth for Liverpool. The Rodney, 90, Captain Wilson, was taken into dock at Tortsmonth on Saturday for repairs. The Centaur, 6, steam-frigate, Captadn Clfford, was taken ont of dock at Portsmouth on Saturday. The Thistle 2, gunboat, was taken ont of dock on Saturviay, and the Charger, gunboat, t.aken in. The Falcon, 17, steamsloop, Commander Pollen, will have shcr compasses swung to-day. The Cleopatra, No. 13G steam-transport, hauled alongside the yard on Saturday to take in troops. The following ships are in Portsmouth harbour The Victory, St. Vincent, Illustrious, Victoria and Albert, Calcutta, Colossus, Falcon, Perseverance, Volcano, Rolla, Sealark, Pigmy, Fairy, Sprightly, Fire Queen, Elfin, Fanny, Comet, Echo, and 11 gunboats. At SpitheaL-The Royal George, Dake of Wellington, Algiers, Csssar, Hawke, Pylades, Impericuse, Urgent, Gorton, and Resistarce. At the Motherbank.-IS ganboats. In Dock.-The Rodney, Bellerophon, Shannon, Fox, Centaur, Vulcan, Basilisk, Charger, Sk-ylark, and Pioneer. In the Fitting Basin.-The Blenheim and Centaur. In the Steam Basin.-The Marlborough, V,ictor Emma3iuel, Arrogant, Lapwing, Fury, Flying Fish, and Whiting. The Majestic, SA, and the Forward gunboat arrived at ;pithead on Saturday night from Sheerness. The Calcutta, 84, wvI releve the Winchester flagship on the East Indian station. The hired saling transport Alipore,Captain Milman, from 3Black Sea, vas towed out of Plymouth Sound, by the Confiance steamtutg, on Thursday, and sailed for the eastward. The hired steam transports Northumberland and Camberiand, and. the private steam ships City of Paris and Xdadge sailed on Saturday for Constantinople. The crew of the screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Caplain Thomas C. Symonds, C.B., turned over from the Vigo jhulk on Saturday, and she was placed at her sailing moorimgs. If the weather be favourable she will take her trial trip round the Eddystone to-day. The crow of the screw steamship Orion, 91, Captain John Erskine, have bent sail. She will be taken out of the J3asin-dock at Keyham to-day. The screir steamsloop Harier, 17, Commander Samuel 31. Derriinan, arrived at Plymouth on Thursday evening Xrom Portmouth and sailed again for the eastward on Saturday. The gunboat Skipjack, having conmpleted coaling, went from Hamoaze into Barnpool, Plymouth, on Saturday. The steam blockship Forth, 12, Captain Lord John Hay, will go out of harbour on Wednesday next, at Plymouth, to try her engines. At the Royal William Victualling-yard, Plymouth, last 'week, 340 barrels of pork were condemned as unfit for use in the Royal navy. The bakers at this establishmenit commence w.trking 12 ovens daily from to-daY. On Wednesday next tenders will be received there for the supply of 3,000 quarters of wheat. The following items of intelligence respecting the stations ef Her Majesty's steamships in the 'West Indies were received by the Royal Madl Company's steamship Magdalena, wvhich arrived at Southampton on Friday night with the West India and Pacific mails :-At Barbadoes, the BoscaT.en (Rear-Admiral Fanshavw), the Medea, and the Vestal; at Port Royal, the Imaum, the Powerful the Termagant, the Argus, the Hermes, and the Daring at Port an Prince, the Malacca and the Arab; at Greytown, the Eturydice and lhe Espiegle. Two lords of the Admiralty-Admiral Sir M. F. F. Berkeley, K.C.B., M.P., and Admiral Sir Baldwin Walker -accompanied by Mrx. Charles Berkeley, secretary, went dwown to Wooluich on Saturday for the special puirpose of inspecting the progress of fitting out the numerous gunboats, and more especially the new description of despatch gnuvessels-namely, the Coquette, Intrepid, Sparrowhawk, &a., in process of being coppered and prepared for service in the dockyard. Their Lorlshipse visit vas confined to tlle inspection of the above-named vessels, over which they wvere conducted by the respective officers of the shipwrights' departmnen, ana - .-4-, L7 ar. Xr-Iald. master-attendantof the dockyard, andCommanderHoare,of HerMajesty's ship Vesuvius. The steam despatch gun-vessel Coquette, CoTmiander Risk, -was taken out of the dry- dock and adunitted into kasin at Woolwich on Saturday. The Intrepid despatch vessel, anad the paddlewheel steamer Vesuvius were dockled on Saturday at Woolwich, the former to be coppered, and the latter to undergo some considerable repairs. Two new gunboats, the Fervent and the Forrester, were lowed down to Woolwich on Saturday, having been launched from Messrs. Green's at Blackwall, and will go into the fitting basin to-day. Two gunboats, the Louisa and Mayflower, arrived at Woolwich on Thursday, aud were taken into basin on Friday morning, in order to pass through the hands of the riggers. The enginesoftheLouia weretestedundersteam in the basin and answered remarkably welL The May. flower vwas built by Pitcher, of Northfieet, and the Louisa. at Limehouse, by Fletcher. The gunboats Goshawk and Violet have been taken into the west dock at Woolwich, to be coppered, The Nightingale, Griper, and Hersing are likewise in course of being equipped for the spring campaign. There is a numerous fleet of gunboats and steamers of various descriptions lying at Woolwicli, many of which are already in commission and readyfor service, .5wili be found by the following list:-The Fisgard, the Black Eagle, the PJerlin, the Coquette, the Intrepid, the Firefly, the Pearl and Devastation (at Greenhithe), the Tartarus, the Vivid, the Herring, the Julia, and the Dee, conimissioned; the Tyne, in commission; the Hesper, the Wildfire, and the Black Prince, Governmient transports; the Niger, the Vesuvins and the Ardent, lying in ordinary for repairs ; the Griper, the Nightingale, the Violet and the Goshawk, fitting for service; the Spitfire and the Vixen, in ordinary, undergoing repairs; the Janus, under orders to be broken up; the Mayflower and the Louisa, being rigged for service; miortar floats Nos, 1 and 2; mortar pontoon raft. Lugge quantities of ammunition for revolvers have been received at the Arsenal at Woolwich, samples of which nave gone through theordinarvproof satisfactorily. Immense supplies of Eley's prepared cartridges have lkewise been received there, and stored ready for an emergency. A continuation of experiments is to be carried out to-day in the Woolwich Arsenal marshes with Captain Boxer's improved Congreve rockets. Some were tried a few days ago with success. In addition to the S6th R egiment and. a battalion of the :rifte Corps, which are about to be despatched to Canada, it is understood to be the intention to send out several other regiments to British North America, so as to form a powerful force in that country. In anticipation of this step being taken, it is rumoured that almost every regiment niow attached to the home station has received private inti3nation that their services may be required in Canada, and such early notice has been given in order that the regimerntal clothing, which is made expressly for that station, may be in readiness in case the exigencies of the service should require a large body of troops to be moved to that country. Two companies of the Royal Sappers and Mliners (the 17th and 24th) will leave Brompton barracks on Wednesday next to embark for the Crimea. The 17th company will be under the command of Captain Augnatus Mleyer Lochner. RE., and the 24th will be commanded by Captain George Felly, R.E. This will be the first draught of this important branch of the service, which has left Bromptou since the establishment of the head-quarters at that station. Colonel F. Edward Chapman, C.B., R.E., is the officer appointed to take the command of this division of Royal Engineers; and Lieutenant George Montague Stopford has been appointed adjutant. A niumberof fine young men, volunteers from the 99th Wexford Militia, have joined the depOt af the S3d Regiment ati Chatham Barracks. Assistant-Surgeon John M. Hyde, 14th Regiment, is relIeved from duty at Chatham garrison, and has received orders to proceed forthwith to Portsmouth, there to embark on board the Cleopatra steamship, in medical charge of a draught of the Mledical Staff Corps and other troops for the East. Acting Assistant-SurgeonJ. J. Henry, at present doing duty at the Provisional Battalion, has received orders to be attached to, and do duty with, the Ordnance Corps at Chatham garrison. A party of volunteers from the East 'Torfolk Militia have joined tihe Provisional Battalion, at Chatham, for the depbt of the 524 Pegniment of Light In- fantry. Captain S. G. Bunbury, commanding the Medical Staff Corps at Chatham, has received orders for a detachment of 80 men, belcging to that corps, to leave tomorrow morning for Portsmouth, under the command of Captain Walter B. Perase, 90th light Infantry, to embark ll board the Cleopstra, for the hospitals at Scutari and FVala va. Colonel Crutebcley, commanding the Provisional Dep6t attalicIn at Parson.Aown, on Thursday last received order, for the follovingoffzcern, belonging to the 63d Depbt5 to pro ceed to the Crimea to join their regiments, viz. :-Captain Boauverie, Lieutenant Grant, Ensigns Pouys, Bunbury Crowther, Stokes, Carnegy, and Kinahan. These officers are going out to supply the vacancies caused by a number of officers who have been transferred to the Land Transport Corps, and of those who have and are returning home on medical certificate. 23 men of the 2d Dragoon Guards, and 41L of the 3d Dragoon Guards, who recently arrived in Exeter from Dublin as volunteers into the 1st Dragoon Guards, now in the Crimea, are at present with the depot of the regiment at the Exeterbarracks, and will remain there until ordered to theI Crimea. In the Gazettc of Tuesday last the name of Arthur Fleming Stack Payne, appointed Ensign in the Worcestershire Regiment of Militia, was erroneously printed Slack Payne. In the list of officers who left Portsmouth on Thursday in the Indian, for Malta, the name given as Ensign Coney should have been Ensign Charles Covey. AMITLTA. Volunteering from the Fife Militia Artillery took placa few days since at Cupar, the head-quarters of the Regiment, and at Leith Fort, where detachments are at present quartered. 'Major Thompson, of the 7th Dragoon Guard3, and Lieutenant B. L. Forster, of the Royal Artillery, accompanied by Staff Surgeon J. Anderson, were in attendance for the purpose of receiving volunteers into their respective corps 23 fine youmg fellows who would have done credit to any regiment fell out, and, after being exainaed and passed by the surgeon, were at once enrolled for the above regiments, a few having joined the Sappers. The number of volunteers from this regiment is considerable. On 'Friday night, from 8 to 11 oclock, the streets of Newport, 3ionmouthshire, were the scene of disorder, owing to the conduct of a number of privates of the Clare ,lilitia, stationed at those barracks. That regiment has not been many weeks in Newport, but the men have frequently evinced great insubordination and a ready disposition to disturb the peace of the inhabitants. About 8 o'clock some dozen or 1S, while in a drunken state, commenced an attack on the civilians in one of the low neighlbourhoods. The police were then called for, and a small number arrived, but the disturbance was so serious that it -was necessary to reinforce them. Five men were taken into custody. During the whole of Saturday the town was in a state of exdtement. The prisoners will be brought before the magistrates to-day. The oflicers in command at the barrackshave ordered several parties of their men into quarters when seen in the town; and, therefere, it is hoped an effectual stop will be put to the dangerous spirit that has been exhibited.
THE CHUBCHYARD OF ST. MARGARET, WESTAMINSTER. TO THE EDITOR O0, THE TIMES. Sir,-As an inhabitant of the locality, -and having frequent occasion to pass the spot I beg, through your columns, to call public attention to the present condition of this churchyard, which is by no means creditable to the authorities who have it under controL While the majority of the metropolitan graveyards have not only been closed for interments, but levellcd and laid with some material calculated to counteract exhalation, the churchyard of St. Margaret, Westminster, which is immediately contiguous, and is also a thoroughfare, to the Houses of Legislature, is at present like a swamp. True, the intermients have been discontinued, yet the flat gravestones have not only been allowed to get into a dilapidated condition, and most of the inscriptions worn away through friction, but the earth in many instances has sumk, so as to leave numerous openings near the stones, while during this wet weather the whole area is an alternation of mud and puddles. It would certainly, in my judgmnent, be a most effective mode of correcting this evil if the whole surface were brought to a level and paved in a plain way like the area at the foot of the Dukc of York's column, and v ere this or some similar plan adopted with regard to St. Margaret's churchyard it would Produce the desired effect. T. W.
ThE LNcUIPATmnD CuRLVUBn O_C-resR.-" 01O n'eassassinc I" cried the French culprit under the gripe of justice. "They slander me," cries ordCardigan, under the censure of the Crimean Commissioners' report. Lord Lucan echoes the complaint. It is curious enough to see these two noblemen, who have been so freely flinging dirt on each other, now maklng common cause against the report, or rather the evidence, which inculpates both. Llch taLks big of his defence, the word being that of the witch in MacbaA, "'ll do, rP do, I'll do." Snch noble wrath was of course to be appiased, and Lord Paninure "was sure there Was no intention on the part of the commissioners to attack the noble earl (Cardigan in his capacity of an officer. but only to express their o.ituon as renacrded other matters." This is the established Picevickian explanation,; otLr 5ud bl <7non- n' a oaraly anera's care of Her Majesty's horses involves his capacity as an officer most materially. L? Lord Panmure's coachman let hishorses die of starvation rather than demean himself to fetch their forage from the cornchandler, would his Lordship consent to give the man a good character on the ground that his skill in driving redeemed the fault through which he had no horses to drive, and that bis capacity as a coachman was unaffected and unhnpeached by his destruction of his cattle? A cavalr- officer's loss of his homses is analogous to a naval officer's loss of his ship, for which in cases of blame so severe a punishment is awarded. A dismnounted trooper is, as llle Ti;mzes happily says, like a swvan footing it on a turnpike road. al but the parties concerned wiil believe vnith Lord Panmiure, that there was no intention on the part of the commisoners to attack Lords Cardigan and Lucan, or any one else. Their intention was obviously, simply, and solely to discover and make known the truth, and their report bears the unnis-takeable stamp of the principle-" notbing extenuate, nor aught set dowvn in malice." Ve trust it ;ill be as honestly supported as it has been honestly written, and that there wil be no running with the hounds and holding with the hare. Lord Hardwicke having observed with good spirit that if he had been honoured with public decorations and afterwards reflected on as some officers had been, he would have torn the badges from his breast and flung them at the feet of the donors. Lord Panmure answered that the honours had been bestowed for bravery in the field, and any charge which u-as made against the possessors as to any dereliction of a secondary nature could in no way detract from the lustre of the actions for which the decorations were given. And wh.at were those actions vwith a lustre? What was the passage of arms in which Lord Lucan distinguished himself pre-eminently ? What was Sir Richard Airey's brilliant exploit, what Colonel Gordon's? As they say in the House, we pause for a reply. Lord Lucan, indeed, sent the Light Brigade headlong to destruction, but he did not go with them. It was not his place. HIad his duty required him to head the charge, he would doubtless have done so with the spirit to be expected of every Englishman from the lowes' to the highest. But the fact is that he did not distinguish himself in any extraordinary way, for want, no doubt, of opportunity. He neither took- a part in the successful charge of the Heavy Brigade, nor the glorious disaster of the Light. Lord Cardigan acquitted himself as others did, where all acquitted themselves gallantly. He neither did more norless thanvn other man in tbat devoted band. Perhaps, however, in saying this we are saying too 3auch, forit is reported that there was an officerin thecharge whoralliedthebrokenremnant of the brigade, andgave order to their retreat, and that officer was not the General Lord Cardigan. It should be the pride of the country-to consider the high bravery displayed on this occasion as common, and to call for something morefor distinction. That something more usedtobeexpressedin the old-fashioned word "condauct in the field," which comprehended, writh courage, presence of mind, resource, judgment, and the seizure of opportunity. For example, among the thousands and thousands here and in every part-of the civilized world who are full of admiration of General Williams, how little any one tlrinks of his bravery, how much more the mind dwells on his inexhaustible energy, his all-pervading vigilance and care. The conduct for which an officer merits praise, honour, and advancement is not only the conduct in the face of the enem but the conduct wvhich enables hih to face the enemy vith his forces made the most of in every way. His men, his arms, his horses will be in the most perfect condition that circumstances improved to the utmost may permit of. He will not be chargeable with any of those derelictions which the Minister of WVar classes of a secondary nature, for ho will regard the care of his men and, horses primary, duties, not secondary, and he would consider himself disgraced if he could not take a part in operations against the enemy because he had allowed his horses to perish, andthereby reduced himself to the condition of a non-combatant and a mere encumbrance on the a-my. But, assuming that a decoration was due to the gallantry of Lord Cardigan in the Balaklava charge, the question remains why the Inspeetorship of Cavalry was given to an officer wvho, however brave, had signaLy and disastrously proved his unfitness for the care of horses. Assuming also that Sir Richard Airey had on some unknown occasion distinished himself gloriously, and earned the order with which he is decorated, yet it is to be-asked, why is he made Quartermaster-General at home, when almost all the great disasters are referable to his administration of that offlce in the Crimea ? What General Airey's exploits against the enemy may have been we know not, but they have been great indeed if the have made a tithe of the havoc with the Russians that his administration made with the British. army, Pershing for want of -what he Lad the means of affordling, and neglected to afrord. In the common phrase to express disorder, things were "1here and there"-that is to say, starvation here, and the supplies that should have furnished plenty, there ; want in the camp, abundance at Balaklava.-EAlrarin w MAI¶CHESThR CHArset OP Coansnccg.-A few days before the departure of Lord Clarendon for Basis; the Idirectors of the Manchester Chamber of Commeree sent a- memorial to his Lordship, in which they referred to the gross and culpble neglect of the interests of commrere at the Vienna Conference of 1815, and expressed a hope that during the comnb" negotiations at Pans advantage would Ibe tak;en by his ordhisp of any opportunity that might arise to inrease the numberof outlets for British comnnerce and promote its7interests in iny other way. A reply pro. mising most careful consideration to the suggestion has breen received. STATu oF Mu. BE s.-The. execution of the statue of hMr. Baines, about to be erected at leeds, has been intrasted to Mr. Behnes, of Osnaburgh-street. Exclusively of the pedestal, which ig to be of Sicilfan marble, the artist is to receive 800. for his labours. When combleted the statue wMll be placed in the vestibule of the new Townblsl of Leeds.
DBATH OFi AIR JOHA SAI)LEIR, A.P. FOR SLIGO. The body of Mr. J. Sadleir, MLP., was found yesterday morning on Hampstead-heath, at a considerable distanc3 fromthe public road. A large bottle, labelled. "Essential oil of bittersalmonds," andasilvercream-jug, both of whichecon. taiced a small quantity of the poison, lay byhis side. The body was at once removed to the workhouse, where it was seen by Dr.. Nichol a few minutes afterwards. A powerful odour of bitter almonds was perceptible at the mouth, so that there can be no doubt he died from the effects of this Ioison. He had, probably, lain on the spot where he was found during the greater part of the night, as the body was quite cold, and the rigor nortis completely established It appears that Mr. Sadleir left his house (11, Glocestersquare, Hyde Park) about half-past 11 o'clock on Saturday night, and as yet nothing further has been ascertained respecting his movements. The body bas been recognized by several friends of the deceased. Mr. Sadleirformerly practised as asolicitorin Dablin with great success, and enjoyed a high professional reputation. In 1S47 he entered Parliament as member for Carlow, and sat for that borough until the dissolution in 1852. Upon the accession of Lord Aberdeen to the Premiership Mr. Sadleir was offered, and accepted, office as a Junior Lord of the Treasury, andhe continued a member of the Administration for some months. In lS4S he became chairman of the London and County Joint-Stock Banking Company, and for several years presided over the affairs of that body with great ability. A few months since he vacated the chair, and, though his connexion with the company continued, he took no active part in its bminess. His occupation of the chair at tbelast general meeting was simply an act of courtesy towards his late colleagues in the direction. We have been informed that he was a purchaser to a large amount of lands sold in the Encumbered Estates Court in Ireland, and that lie was extensirely connected with various commercial undertakings of magnitude, but that he was under no heavy liabilities to the banking company to which we have alluded; and that for the comparatively small account that remained open against him at the time of his decease the company was guaranteed by ample securities.
THE CIVIL SERVICE SUPERAVINVATION BILL. TO TfE EDITOR OF TfH TIM2S. Sir,-The apparently fair and dispassionate statement of the Chancellor of the E_xchequer last night, in introducing his bill for the amendment of the law relating to the superannuation of the civil service, was to superficial observers all-sufficient to carry conviction to impartial minds that the complaint of the injustice under which the civil servants labour is all bnt groundless. But, in point of fact, the arguments adduced by the right hon. gentleman, as well as those by hon. gentlemen wvho supported his diews, were neither more nor less than special pleadilngs in vindication of the course originated by the Teasury in 1829, carried into a law in 1834, and adopted by the successive Governments up to the present time. The principle enuncialed by the Chancelor of the Exchequer at the opening of his speech goes to prove-if even superficially investigated-how one-sided -were his argumoats in support of the superamnnation tax. j Hestated "'thatthe remuneration of civil servants according to the present mode of payment is divided into two parts. It consists partly of an annual salary received by a public sen-ant while he is discharging the duties of bis office. It also consists of an allowance which he receives at ithe time when he ceases to be able to performu those duties." Subsequently, he explains that the levying of the tax was to assist in defraying the charge for superannuation-in other words, to throw the burden of superamnuation upon the civil servants themselves. This act he seeks to justify. And the principle, he states having been duly considered and settled by the House in times gone by, he does not pro. pose by this till to disturb the arrangement. Now I would ask, Sir, is this logic, or is it equity? First of all, the State propounds that its servants are paid upon the principle of salary, in part remuneration, during service, and by pension on retirement. as the balance of such remuleration. Those who do not live to retire cannot, of course, receive their faUl share of recompense. Surely, Sir, upon this principle, the State admits that it should bear the whole charge of superannuation as w;ell as of salary arising from this mode of recompense put forwvard by itself. But what is the fact? floes not thle St<atepractically repudiate such liability by levying the impost in question, and thus proclaim that it will not full its share of the professed contraot with its servants? Further, the right hon. gentleman considered himself bound to say that in his opiion the combined operation (of the contributions and the income-tax) produces cases of considerable hardship," and this opinion was iterated by other members. Now, if the principle of the superannuation tax is sound, and no injustice is inflicted by it, how can the addition of the income-tax inflict ahardshipgreater than is borne by the puateu at lino 7 Again, it is stated thatto abolish the superannuation tax wrould practically bee to grant an increase of salary. The restitution of an unfair deduction undoubtedly wrould have the practical effect of increasing the net salaries of gemployds, but only to the extent of what properly belongs to those officers. Is there not, on a fair analysis of the argluments abov,e alluded to, sufficient to constitute a ground for complaint? I must, however, candidly admit that the suggestion of the Chancellor of the Exchequer-confirmed by the opinion of the House-that the bill, on its being presented for a second reading, be referred to a select conunittee, gives an assurance, beyond mere expressions of sincerity, that the right hon. gentleman does not wvish to debar the public servants from a fair hearing of their case; and hence I am encouraged to hope that the vhole subject in all its bearings -will be deliberately and impartially weighed by the committee in that spirit of justice and liberality, as between the public and its servants, whom it desires to be fairly treated. I have the honour to be. Sir. vour verv obedient servant. c. s. F Ecb. 1G. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIEES. Sir,-Sir James Graham and Sir Francis Barling,-two of the authors of the bill of 1S34,-complain that the civil servants grossly misstate the object of the superannuation tax in supposing that it wvas meant to creato a superannuation fund for the benefit of the service, it being a mere tax, paid by a small part of the service to help Government to meet the superannuation charge for the whole. I beg to state that the civil servants, as a body, have not made that mistake. Their case is embodied in the petition to he presented by Mr. Roebuck, signed by eleven-twelfths of their number. It speaks of no "fund" as intended-by the act, aud makes no claim on the 700,0001. vhich they have paid since 1S29, and for -which they have only received back i superannuation about 36,0001. It is true MIr. Bromley makes some such claim in order to form the foundation of his "insurance" or "vidows' scheme." But that scheme finds no favour with the Civil Service. They simply wish that the tax, pat on in hard financial times with other taxes, should now cease, and that a reasonable scale of pensions should be adopted. Sir James Graham, in his old wvay, lavishes praises on the civil servants, but says that, as they entered service with their eyes open, and the tax about their necks, and as he never found a want of applicants for the meanest appointment, there cannot he any hardship or cause of complaint, and lie solemnly warns Government against disturbing a system which has existedfora quarter of a century. Sir James Graham knows that to the lad there are attractions in Government eznployment, which, howvev-r, fade away when he becomes a man -with a family to support in respectability on theFay of a mechanic. Sir James aho knows that complaint -bitter complaint-does exist about this tax. Such gentlemen as Sir James Emerson Tennent, andclr Booth, of the Board of Trade, the Hon. Mr. Sprin Rice and Mr. Goulburn, Commissioners of Customs, and the stipendiary magistrates of Engtlad and Ireland do not thoughtlessly join in apublic petition from almost tlh, antire Civil Service without having well grounded reasons of complaint, both as heads of departments and as individual servants of the Crowvn. The Civil Service superannuaationgrievance, w hich has during the last 10 years excited the surprise and sympathy of the nation, w,ill not be removed by telling the public employpii that they have had vhsat was "nom2inated in the bond." The enlightenedandg~enerovs statesman ,will consider this tax in itsactualrelation to the acknowledged lowness of public salaries, its oppressivenems on a few thousand Government clerks, and its trifling value to the State as a source of revenue ; while the Administrative Reformer, who desires to raise the tone and effieiency of the public offices by establishing a higher standard at entrance, vill not be indifferent to a complaint more deeply felt and more widely spread than any complaint which ever found utterance from the Civil Service of this country. I am. Sir. vourrverv obedient servant. - 0. roPb. 17. _ I~
LErrEBS, &c., FOB CAliFORNI, OBEGON, AND THE SAN-sCH ISLAYDS.-Information having been received that letters and newspapers from this country, addressed to California, Oregon, and the Sandwich Island. reach their destination more expeditiouslyvi New York and Panama than when forwarded from Southaxapton by the West IndiLa mail packets, the regulation which has heretofore existed of transmitting this correspondence by the latter packets, unless specially addressed to be-otherwise sent, is rescinded, and in future all letters and newpera for California, Oregon, and the Sandwich Islands wilbe forwarded, as a rule, vid the United States, and only those letters, &-c., will be sent by the West India packets whicb bear a special direction that they are to bo so forwarded. When transmitted through the United States, the combined British and United States' postage to the above places will be :-For letters not exceeding A an oz., Is. 21d.; exceeedng , an oz. and not exceeding loi., 2s. 5d.; exceedin- loz. and not exceeding 2oz., 4s.10d. ; newgpapers, 2d. each.When transmitted by the West India mail packets, vi& Panama, the combined British, New Granadian, and United State' postae will be:-For letters not exceeding ; an oz., 2s. 4d. ; ezceeding.h an oz. and not exceeding loz., 4s. 8d.; exceeding lor. and not exceeding 2oz., 9s. 4d. * newspapers, 4d. each. The postage both npon letters and newspapers must in dll cases be p aid in advance.-By command of the Post-. naster-t3eneral, EOW{LASVD HI, Secretary. General Post office, February, 1656. Avgrsm .ws M S.- FLFzeouTsr, Feb. 16.-The sailing ship Keat, Captain Coleman, left the Sound this rnorning at 8 o?clock, and the screw steamship Royal Charter, Captan Bo'ce, in the afternoon at 4 o'cock, both for Port PFlMip; wnd easterly; fine breeze.
THE HUMETBSTT31O1NtAL. On Saturday' an influential meeting of noblemen and gentlemen, members of both branches of the Legislature who had sat in the House of Commons with tae late Mr. }lume, was held at WVliis's-rooms. The object of the meeting was to consider the best means that could be adopted to raise a fitting memoria to the memory of Mr. Joseph flume, the veteran Reformer of the House of Commons. Earl Fortescue was called to the chair. Among thenoblemen andgentlemen presentwerethe Duko of Somerset the Marquis of Breadalbane, Earl Fortescue, Lord Panmure, Earl Granville, Lord latbherton, General Sir De Lacy Evans, HLP., Mr. C. P. Villiers, lLP., Sir B. Hall, 3LP., the RightHon. Edward EJlice, MIP., SirDavid Dimldas, M1r. Brotherton, 3LP., MIr. W. Browvne, YP., Sir Jcshuna Wahnslay, ALF., Mr. Duncan, ILP., Mr. Ewart, M.P., Mr. Thornely, MP. Colonel Sykes (late Chairman of the East IndiaCompanv, LordEbrington, MP., Colonel Freeston, MYP., Mr. Viiams, MY.P., Lord P. Grosvenor, M.P., Sir W. Somerville, IiLP.; Sir J. Duke, M.P., Mr. Craufurd, M.P., Mr. Robartes, 3MP. (Cornwall), Mtr. J. Ewart, M.P., Mr. W. T. Hall, Lieutenant-ColonelRomilly, Sir G. Nicholls, General Rawdon, &c. The noble CsLiwurvA, in opening the proceedings, said,Ladies and gentlemen-for I am happy to see that we are favoured with the presenee of both sexes-I think it right in the first place to state to you the circuastances which have induced my noble friends, whose names are attached to the circularwhich Ihold in myhand, and acopy of which has been, or onght to have been, received by you, to enter upon the duty which we have undertaken on this occasion. Early in the month of September last, in the course of an accidental conversation between my noblefiiendLord latherton and myself, we spoke of the public career of the late Mfr. fume, and we concurred in regretting that no step had becn taken-for at that time we knew of none-towards the erection of a monument to his memory. Itthen occurred to us that such a step might not iznproperly or ungracefully originate wvith those who, being now members of the House of Lords, hadformerlysatanldvotedwltlr. Humeinthe House of Commons. (Cheers.) Acting upon that impression, we communicated wvith several of ouLr friends similarly situated witlh ourselves, and theresult was that in a very fewweeks, we obtained the signatures of the 30 peers which are attachedto thecircularletterby whichthemeeting, of which this is an adjournment, was convened. Some time afterwards I learnt that some steps for the same object-namely, that of erecting a memorial to MIr. fume, had been taken by a very respectable association of the working men of this metropolis; and I further learned, subsequently, that another body of gentlemen had also taken the matter in hand. But, in communicating with some of the gentlemen who had taken a leading part ir. both these movements, I had the satisfaction of learning that they entirely approved of -what we had done, and considered that it would be a very valuable aid to the common cause. (Cheers) I trut, therefore, that what I have just stated will be considered as a justification of myself, of my noble friend, Lord Hatherton, who now sits beside me, and of the other persons whose names are att-ached to this paper for the course we have adopted. (Hear, hear.) In all the great struggles wlhich took place during that eventful period for the extension of constitutional liberty-religious, civil, aud commercial (hear, hear)-Xr. Hfume was alwdys chief in the vanof the fight. (Cheers.) Other Statesmen may have had the honour and the happiness of proposing and ultimately of carrying through those great measures, from the first defeat of religious -intolerance by the repeal of the Test and Corporation Acts, up to the final triumplh of commercial freedom by the repeal of the navigation laws; but to all those questions Mr. fume gave a cordial and zealous support. (Clieers.) Other Statesmen may have brought to their discussion more profound learning, more able .argiuents, more flowers of loquence, but none, through evil report as wvell aS good report, ever gave them a sore honest, uncompromising, sndzeslous supgort than Mr. flume. (Loud cheers). Gentlenien Iwilll now detain you no further, but call upon my noble friend, I ord Panmure, who hiss borrowed an hour from time unceasing duties of Ihis most laborious office to attend our meetis g, and has agreed to move the first resolutlon. LordP,t uLr.-YyLord Fortescue and geentlemen, I carcely know on what grounds I have beeis honoured by I eing selected to take so early a part-for I should be sorry to have taken no part at all-in the ploceedings of this most interesting occasion. I cami attribute it only to tle fact that I I ad the good fortume and the honour to be born in the same county as Mr. fume, and that lie was, for many years, the representative of a large and Liberal constituency in that county. (Hear, hear.) When Mlfr. fume, early in his I arliamentary career, presented himself in the year 1818, in Forfarshire, to the then mureformed constituenicy of the MIontrose burghs, I am proud to say that that county, distiiiguisbed through the worst of tiimies for having always sent Liberal representatives to l'arliament, both for the county and its burghs, woere so convinced of the soundness of the principles of my late lamented friend that w;ith no hesitation at al on their part they returned hiim to Parliament as tie representative of their owvn and the public iiterests. There are three upon this platform, and in this room,. who can remember tie tnie when, with very smaU minorites at his back, Mr. fltme, with a courage which nothing but rectitude of principle could support (hear, hcar), night after night, session after session, Parliamiienmt after Parliament, advocated, with a pertinacity which ave must all admire, measures which, I am happy to say, he lived long cnough to see familiar as laws. (Cheers.) Gentlemen, it is not as a party man that I support the object of the present meeting. (Hear, hear.) I support the object of this meetiingnamlely, that there should be erected some lasting testimnonial of MIr. Hlie-on the ground that lie was a national benefactor-a benefacWr to his country. (Cheers.) I support it, moreover, on the ground that he, in contending for the goocd of his country, was actuated by no selfish motives; and the proof of this in his long and laborious life was that in advocating great measures of principle for his native land he sought no reward which either a Governnent or even a Sovereign could bestowv. (Loud cheers.) IL advocating those prlnciples in the House of Comumons, I tllink I may say with saftety that, in all the discussions in which Mr. Hume was at any time engaged he never made a personal enemy (hear, hear), and that wvhile I have listened to others debating with acrimony, during all the debates in which I hare seen him take part, I never heard that gentleman, and I believe I shall be corroborated by those who have had a lonfrer experience than myself in that assembly, utter one wordT which eould hurt the feellngs or reflect upon the character even of his opponents. (Chess's.) Under these circumnstances, I think the memory of Mrr. flume deserves well of all who admired the man, and adnilred the principles wrhich he mairitained and asscrted. (Hear, hear.) But I trust, gentlemen, that in carrying out ihe objects of this meeting we shall not confine the passing of resolutions and conferring a testimonial upon the nimemory of Mr. fume solely to ourselves. (IHear, hear.) I think that any tribute to the character of such a man should bear, as it were, a national character. (Loud cheers) I have great satisfaction in moving the resolution, which is to this effect:- " That the disinterested services of Mr. flume- for above 40 years in the House of Comnsous, his successful efforts to check the waste of nublic money, his constant support of all measures conducive to the spread of moral and intellectual improyement, and his unvarying advocacy of constitutional liberty, claim a lasting record of the gratitude of Isis coUIitrymen." (Loud cheers.) Sir B. HAL-My lords and gentlemen, I feel very great pleasure in being called on to second tae re,olution proposed by my noble fiiend. (Hear.) I feel not only on public grounds, but also on private, this pleasure; for I was not only a political but a personal friend of Mr. flume; and I am proud to have it to say that tho very last act of Mr. flume's public life was to propose me as the representative for the borough of ,larylebone, when, in consequence of my taksing office, it had been necessary for me to vacate muy seat. (Rfear, hear.) My lords an,d gentlemen, my noble friend 'who preceded me said that the object whiich we have now in view, and for w hich we have been assembled here, should be national-should be one to be entered into by all parties -by persons holding different political opinions-by, I may say, all parties and grades of society. (Hear, hear.) Now, I had, some time ago, the honour of presiding over a large meetimg in the borough of tarylebone, which had been convened by the working classes of the metropolis, and from my personal k-howledge of the gentlenmien who composed the conimittee of that meeting I am sure I may say that I am only giving utterance to their sentiments when I declare on their behalf that they are willing to co-operate vith those who called the meeting at which we are now assisting, for the purpose of carrying out the comnioni object, and showing that those views which have been expressed by my noble friend who preceded me are adopted by them. (Cheers.) At the meeting in larylebone a subscriptionwas entered mto; and I have every reason to believe that that subscription wilU form part of the commion fund which you are now endeavouring to raise. (Hear, hear.) With regard to what my noble friend said in relation to the conduct of Mir. fume in the House of Commons, I can go stiU further back, and say that Mfr. flume's whole career was one of honour, one of disinterestedness-one in which he had ever in view the common weal of society. (Hear, hear.) Mr. WALL (secretary to the Working- Men's fume Memorial Association).-My lord, I beg to be permitted to say that I hope there will beaperfectin&erstanding between all parties engaged in the work of raising a memorial to Mr. flume. (Hear, hear.) My lords and gentlemen, I have the honour of being secretary to the Working Men's Association, and can maythat so long back as A p a last the workinlg classes thought that something should he done to honour the memory of lir. flume. (HIear, hear.) On Tuesday, the 1Gth of April, they held a meeting, at which I had the honour of assisting, which meeting was adjourned, in order that the sentiments of parties who had knuown MIr. flme as to how the movement should be proceeded with might be ascertained. (Hear, hear.) We found that in consequence of the Patrlotic Fund being at that time in course of collection, and likewise in consequence of the position in which the country was situated in respect of the war, it would not have then been judicious to force on the subscription for the fume Testimonial. (Hear, hear.) So matters remained until September, when Sir Benjauiin Haul took the part he has stated, and in October we received an intimation that your Lordship was vorking. with other parties to carry out the same object that we had in view. (Hear, hear.) To show the feeling that animates the general committee, I may obecrve that at their last meeting they vent so far as to resolve that no further business Fhould go on until the present meeting should have been held. (Cheers). This was done in order to insure that a perfect understanding between parties baving the same object in view might be come to. (Hear, hear.) The worldng classes of London are, however, prepared to address their fellow mechanics throughout the countsr, through tho medium of an address tobe sent to the vanous mechanics' institutes and trde societiesin the kdngdom. (Hear.) After the Marylebone meeting it was determined that there should be a meeting in the city of Iondon, and the London meeting took ceonthe 13th of December. Itwas, however found ttnothing effectual could be done until after the Cliatmas hmolydays. But the wvorksing men of London are deteramedtoproceedwits the work, aided by SirJames Duke and Mfr Roebuck- and letters received from Liverpoe, Manchester, and otier great towins show that we shall receive very effectual support from the provinces. (Hear.) I believe that our machinery is quite peifectji'd oir-y r- qusires to be put in foroe- and after this meetmnl the p ablic , v,illunnderstand that aU classes arejoined together for the 'trposewhichhasbroughtushere. (Hear,hear.) WecaU know that Mr. fume took a prominent part in the education movement, and thathe assomiatedwiththe l.te Duke of Kent. (Hear, hear.) And often, when working men were placedd in diculties by those who used them for their own personal interests-who made catspaws of them through pecuniary and other unworthy motives-Mr. Hume stood their friend, and prevented blows levelled at them from faling where they were intended to strike. (Hear.) The design which the Working Men's Association have in view is, that there should be some mark of respect dedicated to the memory of Joseph Hume, which they can point to as having been erected to the memory of a man who, by his t^lents, raised himself to a foremost position unong his : fellow-citizens, who laboured assiduously for the class to which he belonged, who advanced the great interests of .mankind, and who had won a nation's gratitude. (Cheers. Sir -. WA.&,LaEy said, he did not object to subscribe his mite, especially as it had been decided that the sum to be paid by each individual should be of a limited character, but ho thought the meeting would agree; with him that if the subject were taken up in a propr spirit, and that members of both Houses of Par3ianient would exert themselves in its regard, a public, and not a private, memorial would be the result. He would not refer to the public acts of Mr. flume's life, as other speakers had alluded to them; but he had no hesitation in saying that his private acts of benevolence and usefulness were qnite equal to his pubEc performances (hear, hear), and he believed there were many in high places who had to bless the memory ot his honoured name. (Hear, hear.) He might also add that, although Xr. Hnme was not a rich man, he expended a large portion of his private income in the public service without ee or reward of any sort. (Hear, hear.) He had never asked for any favour or distinction from any Government, and the country hadnever witnessed a moro unblesnished public or private career than that of Mr. Hume. He (Sir J. Wahasley) was certain that in olle branch of the plic service alone Mr. Hume had saved the country no less a sum than 60,0001. per annum. It had been said, not at this meeting, but at another public meeting, that Mr. Hume had either sought or coveted the office of a Privy Councillor. Now, as a private friend of Mr. Hume, and as one who might be said to represent the sentiments of his family, he felt bound to say that, to their knowledge, Mr. Hume had never coveted or sought such a distinction. (Hear, hear.) Colonel SYvEs suggestedthat it would save time if it were understood that the object of the meeting was, not to determine what memorial should be erected to Mr. lumne, but that funds should be collected for a memorial, not from London alone, but from the whole country. The CmIkcRMA3 then put the resolution, which was carried unanimously. The Duke of So0arsExsr moved the second resolution:That a subscription be therefore opened for the erection of some public monument in honour of .Ur. Hume." M{r. THOPSLxy, M.P., seconded the resolution. The CHAmsIsAc.-I cannot put this resolution to the meeting -without stating that it was framned purposely with a view to leaving the question entirely open as to what the memorial should be. (Hear.) That must depend, in the first place, upon the amount of the subscriptions; and if thatamount should be sufficient to carrv out the object suggested by Mr. Wall, I am quite sure, from my Imowledge of the late Mr. Hume, that a memorial of him, which should contribute to the benefit of those who come afterwards, would have been far more gratifyingto his feelings than any pbl statme ormonument that could be raised. (Hear, hr.)= I sincerely hope, thereforc, that the funds mnary be such as to be made applicable to some object of that knd. (Cheers.) Mr. EwVART, M.P., beged permission to offer one explanatory observation. Sir Joshua Walnasley had alluded to a paper which had been signed boy 280 members of the House of Commons. That paper he (MIr. Ewart) too had sign3ed; and, in common wl ith his lhon. frcnds sitting near him, he had done so nnder tile inpression1 that a senatorial monument within the walls of the HIouse of Commons would be erected to the memory of their lamented friend. (Cheers.) He 3might, perhaps, be allowed to add that he trusted the day was not far distant when they vwould see the great hall at Westmninster surrounded by the statues of those who had deserved wrell of their country. ("H ear, hear," and a voice-" And Cromwell among them.") The resolution was then carried unanimously. llr. EDIvARD EcICF, MP., moved, that the subscriptions be limited to sums not exceeding 101. from each subscriber. Lord HEUTEMaTox, who seconded ihe resolution, said,-I trust to see a comrnittee established in every great town in the kingdom, that the wise principle will be everywhere acted upon of limiting the 2nayiiuni, of individual subscriptions, and that those subscriptions will be collected from the 101. of the rich mar. to the halflpenny of thepoor. (Cheers.) I entirely concur-in the object proposed by the committee of the Working Men's Association, and I am satisfied that it would be impossible for us to do anything more graceful, more in accordance with the feelngs of the people at large, or nore beneficial to the country. (Cheers) The resolution was unanimously adopted. Earl GAWInLE.-My lords and gentlemen, I feel very much honoured by one of the resolutions having been intrusted to my hands. It gives me particular pleasure, not only that the claims of Mr. fume to our gratitude have been advocated by minembers of both Houses of Parliament, but that they have been so clearly and ably stated by the gentleman who represents the working classes at this meetmg. I rejoice in it, not ouly because it shows how united all classes are on. this occasion, but because I can conuSim everything that has been stated. (Hear, hear.) So far as my experience went, I not only found Mr. flume singularly courteous and kind to myself as a young member of Parliameint, but since that time it has never happened to me, when engaged in any work out of Parlianment, and I had to seek his advice, which I frequently did, niot to meet with his zealous support and most business-like advice and co-operation. (Hear.) I believe thai in this country we very sensibly look rather to the results obtained by men. (Hear, hear.) I do not mean to one brilliant success, which may often be owing more to some fortuitous circumstance than to any merit on the part of the person who achlieves it, but when 'we see a man constantly, year after year, devoting all his attention and his energies to certain reforms which he thinks ought to be carried out, and when we see, one after another, aD those reforms actually carried into effect and receiving the universal sanction of public opinion, I think such a man, whose exertions have led to such practical results, rather than a man wvho achieves a triumiph by the brilliancy of oratory, or the desire of personal interest or political fame, is the one whom this nation delights to honour. (Cheers.) I therefore feel much pleasure in moving this resolution.- " That the rromotion of such subscriptionthroughout the kingdom, and the application of the same to thle object proposed, be intrasted to a committee, to be named by this meeting." Lord R. Gaosviuxou.-I shall make no apology for rising to second the resolution proposed by the noble earl, my friend, who has just sat down, because, my lords and gentlement, I had the honour and grati1ication of sitting for 30 years in the House of Commons with the late lamented Joeseph flume, and I can entirely corroborate every wvord that has been so well said in hlis praise by those who have already addressed this meeting. (Hear, hear.) If T had been asked to second this resolution, and had refused to do so, I am sure, my lords and gentlemen, you vwould have thought that I owved yon an apology. An apology would certainly have been due for my refusal; but none is required for my acting here. (Hear.) I am now going to touch upon a subject which would, ma some places, be considered a rather delicate one-that is, the interference of peers in matters of election. (Hear, hear.) I therefore beg to mention, in confidence to the present meeting (Laughter), that Mr. Hfume never had a more consistent and zealous supporter daring the time he was a candidate for the county of Mddlese- than my father. (Hear.) And, muy lords and gentleman, I am happy to observe that one of those who convened the present meeting isan individual who now represents the samc family, and is, I may say, one of the largest landowners in the county of tiddlesexL (Cheers.) It is, indeed, a matter of sincere gratification to myself personaUy that I ihave now the honour to speak in the name of the great and intelligent constitutency of the county of Middlesex (hear, hear); and I venture to add that in no p.art of the empire will the proceedings at this meeting be read with greater pleasure and your efforts be seconded with a more hearty goodwill than by the freeholders and inhabitants generally of the comnty of Middlesex (Cheers.) There is oiie subject upon which I wish to say a few words,-namely, the character of MIr. lunme. It has often been the fashion to say that, though at great personal labour and at a great sacrifice of his time, he reisdered eminent services to his country, still one of tho onjoym-nntq of Mr. fume's life Was plodding over endless returms, diving into rowsof figures, andmakingupeternalaccounts. (Laughter,) Now,even if this were trae, even if Mr. Hume had no higher motive than the gratification of the taste imputed to him-and no one can tell what a maa'smotivesmay be--that would be a very unfair medium through which to viewy the greatservicesofM4r. Hume. (Hear,hear.) Butthe veryreverse is the fact. (Hear, hear.) It has also been said that economy was the principle of Mr. Hume's life; and that, while he harassed the clerks in publiocoffices by getting them to mak-e out returns, he niever spent any money of his own in providing himself -with statistics for public use. That Ibelieveto be untrue. (Hear, hear.) The resolution proposed by my noble friend, and which I have the honour of seconding, is one for the appointment of a committee. A great many names have been already put upon the commit- tee list; b-ut the committee have power to add to their numbers. I hope that this comunittee will join vwith the other committees all over the country; that, in short, everything will be done to make tUZe subscription as universal as possible, in order that we may erect a truly national monument to this great, distingushed, and lamented man. (Cheera) The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. EwART. HLP., moved the list of the committee, which included the names of the Marquis of Breadalbane, the Earl of Bessborough, Lord Broughton, Earl Granvlloe Lord flatherton, Lord Panmure, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Earl of Zetland, Earl Forteseue, the Lord Mayor, Sir P. Baring, ColonelSykes, SirJamesDuke, &c., with power to add to their number. Colonel Svxps seconded the resolution. The CQiAsAr,icz said that Sir B. Hal and twio other gentlemen had consented to act as trustees for the Working Men's Fund, and that Lord Robert Grosvenor had stated his willingness also to act in that capacity. (Hear, hear.) The same trustees would no doubt act for both parties. He could not put tlle resolution without stating that he had -endeavoured, with what assistance he could command, to forma committee, so-that all classes would be represented upon it. At the same time &hwas bound to state that he was noa prepared to say that all the parties named on the committee wero willing to serve as committeemen, because he had not asked them to serve mntil he knew what the desire of the meeting was.. Ile had spoken to several peers who had expressed their willingness to act, and he was sure that many memlers of the House- of Commons would alse be glad to further the object in view by putting dowc their names as members of the executive committee. (Hear, hear.) The resolution was then agreed to. fr. W. WI ALiAM, ILP., moved- - "That a copy or these resolutions be forwardedto the chairman of the Worldng Mlen's Committee upon the sama subject, with the expression of a hope of their union and co-operation." Eaving served in the House of Commons for many yeas, and co-operated w-ith lIr. Hume, he could speak to his total absence of self, and unwearied assiduity in.the public service. (Hear, hear.) Throughout his long and laborious life, he was the friend of the worldng classes, and no umn in his day had done so much to romote their interests and improve their condition. (Hear, hea.) The motion, which was secondedby Mr. F. IL Goldsmith, was unanimously agreed to. A vote of thanks to the chair man was then adopted, and several noblemen and gentle. men inserted their names in the subscriptioii list.
THE BA-TLE OFTHE 1 lIWAYS. TO THE EDITOi OF THE TIIES. The Secretary presents his corapliments to the Editor of TDe Times, and would feel obliged by the insertion of the enclosed reply to M!r. Denison~s letter published in The Ti?mes of the 15th inst. London and North-V-stern Railway, Secretary's- office, Euston Station, London, Feb. 1G. "TaS GRX-k XNoumm;N A,SD MILA2SD, Lo.N-Dox AND NonrTn-WE:-rEn, AND MANcErSTER, SnzFFD, AaND LISCOLNSSETR A WAY CONTrAsN "Euston Station, London, Feb. 16. "Dear Sir,-Though not intending to be drawn into a lengthened correspondence with you, we feel it due to ourselves to notice an insinuation in your letter of yesterday, published in O7le Times, to the efrect that, in ours of the 13th, we had, for some purpose of our own, withheld part of one of the letters of Mr. Clarke, which insinuation is wholly groundless, the portions of the letter not quoted having reference to a point never raised. "It had never been alleged that Mr. Clarke or any of the managers had authority to conclude an arrangemnent, their proceedings being, of course, subject to the confirmation of their respective boards. " You, however, having authorized Mr. Clarke to negotiate with the officers deputed by our three companies, subsequently disavowed him, alleging in your letter of the 2Sth of January that he 'Iwas not authorized, directly or indirectly, to negotiate upon or to discuss any proposition wlhich might affect the future or general policy of his railway company;' and you further alleged, in your letter of the 11th of February, that we ' knew and had tnown all along that Mr. Clarke had no authority whatever from this (the Great Northern) board, or any memiber of it, to enter upon such negotiations.' These allegations we felt called upon to contradict, quoting, in proof, Mr. Clarke's letter of the lGth of August last, in which he stated that 'he had the autho. rity of his chairman (yourself) to meet for the discussoon of a plan for the extenson of the axrangement ;' and -farther, that 'he had discussed with him (yourself) the polcy of extending the arrangement to the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Company's district,' to which he added, ' ha (yourself) sces no objection.' " Of your refusal to assent to the amicable conclusion at which Mr. Clarke and the other gentleman arrived, after months of negotiation, vwehave never complained; but we had a right to complain of your denial of his Authority to discuss the question, and stil more bave ve a right to complain that you again authorized Mr. Clarke (an,i this time you do not pretend to deny tbat you did autho' rize him) to write us another official letter, inviting tr to meet you, and stating that, 'Mr. Denison and Mr. Meek wil attend any meeting that may be proposed by your united companies, on any day next week; they have bad under consideration the result of our conversation this morning, and I am authorized to say that this deputation from the Great Northern Board, to whom this snbject is remitted, are prepared to enter upon negotiations on the basis laid down;' and that when we met you upon this invitation, and had agreed to a reference npon the basis thus laid down, then, and not till then, you told us, that Mr. Clarke had no authority to write that letter, and that, to be binding on your board, it ought to have been signed by its secretary and not by 3Mr. Clarke-demanding, moreover, to have a totally new basis laid down for any negotiation which should follow between us. "W e have abstained from any notice of your professions of concern for the public interests, as they may be affected by the present differences; because we did not suppose that any member of the public 'would value these professions very highly, or be drawn away by them from the real points in difference, for it was obvious, from your own statement of the case, that you differed with us, not because we deprecate competition, but because we refused to combine with' you on your own terms. ""We have the honour to be, your obedient servants. " UYIA-XDOS0 " JOHN ELIJTS "JOMU CTAPITAV " EdmunddDenison, Esq., M.PP"
THE t)xDaoq GOEIERAL Om-BIuS ComIPn'y.- This new company exhibited on Saturday, for the first time, at its offices, 454, Strand, the designs forwarded in competition for a prize of 1001., to be awarded to the best plan of vehicle adapted to its traffic. The judges selected to decide the prize are Mr. Charles Manhy, r. C-eorgo Godwin, and Mr. J. Wright, carriage builder to the London and NorthWestern Railway. These gentlemen have not yet determined which is the succes3ful design, but their choice seems to rests between two-one sent in by Mr. IL P. Miller, the other by Mr. 'Wilson. Both present considerable improvements on the best forms of omnbus now in use, but whether they fulfil all the conditions requisite for a conveyance of the kind can scarcely be ascertained except by practical triaL What is required for the proper accommodation of thepnbhc is clearly defined by the company under the follorning heads :-Increased height and wvidth inside, improved ventilation, 17 inches straight seatfor each passenger, Mwith room for 20-12 inside and eight outside; easier means of access tothe roof seats, greaterprotection there to passengers, reduced noise in motion, the weight of the whole not to exceed one ton, and the present outside width not to be materially exceeded. The General Omnibus Company, in directg its attention thus early to the essen point of securing velicles in which people can trarel with a moderate degree of comfort, is unquestionably consulting its own best interestsas well as those of the public; and notwithstanding the difficulties which the narrow streetsof London, overburdened with traffic, interpose, we hope to see its effortsinthisdirection crowned with success. Of the 810 omnibuses runniaf in the metropolis it has now bought up 326, which require some 3,500 hormes and upwards of 1,000 men to work them. Some time will probably elapse before the system of " correspondence" and the other leading features. of the scheme proposed by the company can be introduced. Meanwhile, it publishes its trafflc returns weeldy, andboasts that they exceed in amount those of three-fourths of tb' railways in the united kingdom. 'What suits the wa"r- If the French metropolis may not in every detail be O4d to, auswer for London, but there seems to be no .od reason assignable why, with prudent arrangments. all Ptre-s directly or indirectly affected by thisundewlkirgshould not find themselves benefitted by a concentrrl°n of management, admitting of plans being economicaY carried out on a scale suitable to the wants of the mod,n Babylon. While the omnibuses were in the hands of - number of differentpropxietors, each having a practical ,-onopo1y of some outside district of town, and afl fFcely competin. for customers in the centre, this was OTviously impossible. The public, too, will be gainers by laying one responsible body to deal with, instead of many, when abuses require to berectified or increased aeommodation is demanded. It will be curious and interesting to watch the progress of this new experiment introduced from France, worked for the most part with French capital, and carried on simultaneously as a commercial enterprise with that other deve- lopment of the same principle which is embodied in the, creation of the Metro litan Board of Works. SouAvrrrosv feb. 16.-lThe half-yearly report of the Soutthampton flock Company has just been printed, and will be p resented at the general meeting of the shaareholders on the 27th instant. By this document it vrill be seen that the net revenue for the half-year ended the 31st of December, 1S55, after payment of the interest on the debenture debt, of the dividends on the preference stocks, and of all the working expenses, repairs, &c., amounts to S,2771. l1s. 2d., and enables the directors to recommend a diaidend of 22s. Gd. per share for the half-year, being at th rate of 43 per cent. per annum, and maling, with th amount paid for the half-yearto the 30th of June las a dividend on the ordinary stock of the company 0 4per cent. for the year l7855. This division of profit will leave a surplus, including the balance of 4412. i . to the credit of the previous half-year, of 73XL .1L sI to be carried to the credit of the revenue for th current half-year. The tabular statement printed wit these accounts exhibits the following progresiv increase in the amount of gross earnings .-1850, 2'Q,613Z 1851, 23,391!. ; 1852, 30O,303?.; 185S, 39,705!.; 1 - 4S,501L.; 1855, 52,442?., and the dividend on th ordinary stock of the company has during the same peric steadily advanced from 7nil in 1850 to 4 per cent. for th year 1855. Ithe directors report that the reeonstrctiston the entrance cuve has been mnost satisfactorily complet and has ben found to be a great improvement to th entrance into the open dock They also report that the have been able to afford at a small cost a considera increase of accommodation in the close dock. By lenh ing the other two jetties on the west side of that dock th are now able to berth satisactorily six of the largest sree steamers alongside of the three jetties, an arrangem which has already on Eeveral occasions been foun useful, and which is very important with reference the great increase of trade wivnch may be expected the terniuination of the war in which we are now The comparativestate)eantofthe yearsendw December3 froml844 to 55, isas follows :-iS44 4,018 7s. 5d. ; I 8,9771.fls. d.; 1S46,13,203LIs,5d.; 1847,17,333=.14s. 1848, 19,53W. 8s. 7d. ; 1849, 20,5431. lGs. d.; 1 20,6131.18s. 6d.; 185l, 26,391?.1s. Id.l -)2 183,302!.05s 1853, 39,705W. 15s. lOd.- 1854, 43,4i3. '12s. Od.;- 1 52,4421. 3s. 10d. The aggregate amount of tonnage whi entered the Southampton doc!s during the pastyvar is iven:-West Indies. 46,626 tons- Brazils, 13,926; dies ria Alexandri 2A,156- (&ibraltar and 1a - 15,822; Black Sea andCrimes, 5,955;-Amnerica, 14, Australia (steamships), 4,087; Australia (emigants, 26,7? Cape of G3ood HIope, 1,400; Baltie, 1,014; Ostend, 0 French, 42,230; Jersey, -3S,203, -rish, 5i,486- collie 50,706; coasters, 12,671; to repair from sundi7 F4O 15,911; total, 414,667 tons. Messrs. DJ.vison, L,iggins, Young are the retirnDg directors. bult are eligible fcr re-el tion.
SALES BY AUCTION. NOtime3o-mesr. Makepeace and Walforas Stock. ~SESRS. CHRISTIE and ~MANSON r.speofuffly untioa that theY Wi1lSELLbYAOCTy4O-s &ttLeir-gies WOL0.tho e TOnnder of the capit.al STOCK of pL&Tpsit PLATED) ARTrLIet1 and JEWELLEfiy o!Mejsoes. Malsspecer sad Walford, by order of thre exeutors or she late Mr. Walfoseu A well-Bectr, n urday Mzc ArNTOM and SON SELL, at the Mart, on Df4ea,ON is,~Shoss,rw hur -e IONley on tha viintyo isogaten-Wetree,morrtgowst theb c%ity 12af beth giewed,e saatclashdo Mess HaeadSt, oiios CWV ch=4 lo atndd Msofs. turner, anefdrSo, maldoga, 6.Mount palae. Whitsaebograd-, ahrnd of Fentomwkl and Son. Z.peieu-. rieVrcdthO4J:6YPr ueeringotraeet Mayfbid. 111ur DhADlOoICnzo:sTet i istnce JJ. y heExcuor owie Slat r tlodl oSL sAC lIONoo he remses iS Ueinetreet,smre e.1.itlo riecdtoedypaor nd oWraning - le,es shncaffol esnabo an the sralies, and catalge r.onlonsuonnte and ethtose, au2. Ealyix,tres lifdefecs, fo Cabnrs7etndPaort lfaisr.a.otes LVERITEW will SELL by AUCT atN tnhe InCdleTavrn Mak-hwUniMon-dayet Fomrs-own tHISD merat reily i hea va orlu,nableountof th ubof f la' SHOP aeet P00 -fet antd bu'etoa saes, deghory u tf.1 fu-e a lUieer. en There i dreparedwoe,tw tonhrs of nTllonoryrag, doPes, anvilor, swix mble soldin o-piloe, scffing,u laddersnbe. a ri Lac sle,usad cat lthes hade on the p.f r.emIss n ftsa Bacdebr. Cardndtof-teretHamctioernd4-rJd-LtreetheEso Saie t k BlTo Mllrs c.-Vh.malnEerseasetofaci-,OnerBa ikessgo,wi i OxteIIO and eCaets and unresere ae noelt 1YJ~-. Bi~TLEwill SELL by AUCTION, at the onCal Tavernsdarklneo, na Feb.ruar'praalos 25.I a ForAMfaIt2 pEAsslyt he alusable clerSE onfra naintal BIixEIC SHOP and fE1talIe for ige amiis.n beineto. I to re1 conSl.erro arker-strxeet. thicklym po mi-etated b Vin n nei,hofurhoo, dfesing m to on0nteprsing raCgOnLreoticl traelma aO good oepportuni.ty for es at rougs genu,inet for --ea. Threccis adtaceda alol te bous.Tes whole bf eh rlecntay S pe invnoy a l buensold ianoner -wot, thout reserd e, Pomrtindaths in theO reises;3 ath the please ofpalet of Mrito. Kniht oIet3nr, 2b, hadof e Str;andhll ofz theoactitoner, 47. Cbldma-treet, a oiyroad,&r Wloier. hb, Tolemsrt,ctyeho.BilesForn,atn,Scld ing.oHosemanduare,oa d Ede rni WmO'D wilBELL bv AUCTION, athi L a-half ich abates. rosewdd candotaherdes and linings.T casiosrLnd frsases tandez a variety, ofwinerh wlate-, balanand lddrs 130lo D=morigo ae. ucnaralogeh ondBem pretaIses, and oMfthauioneoer fotienhanao o ivetmnt W.A FA.COAKLEN wil SELL by AUCTIONY, attb Ltho rMarT,honFrday. h yeb o arl, 2at i sepain E lot, 0 TWO~ binchWmd and 4ix Gem-dtahe Vlllas, teGofveleatdsin O C.b~1A tolD.t iohn's-areid adjolirning, hnexldenor.uepaire ad crsoftain years, acomodrat gyun rets:letto ostresonsbleteans aet rets Gcrone£it5t Weoaioi itheremoEst.leasaatparto Biroad, Par t. iculars~ maybeh badx ofn, StrWodnil,esdspv Feolxi2ct 3. witCoueas-t reet s o theboe saf lloeer 2, ClesPAtrOe, city. lute yte rse X Mofr aeudern tHouWMhof Fr.erniture tn Effestois, b 1R,H MSiI ELb UCTION, at teMr,a usa,Wac .1 ~oa thisa itb6. HOUYSEOLD PttT=toeE Posrtioin drnawing rooma substania ardamabuk curtained resienodchr, couhe dagndui sltuteeon thee cTim,on rang t-1adles,-o hLfowier wiath t Wplale-lrs ack, hanvihdte actedn Brnoavell ad oheren-puets, -hladecimn rey aridp e g,lassesymaorgany sis. couhes, ndeastnot' has ebt of ptatndinin tt, pdeta sVidebards,cTIONis maoanyth Arabnian tandforpstz bktedauten co==idi~nndPcc ditt ro,mautteses, bedos-an=d beddoIng mdawhogany chamber, squareitano, marble-to double and sinle asotasl an liligsachstsk ofndrowecrs,wtains,mbins sad at thed rooms.aa boj~hajcmt an Mo tinocinesmet 1eafr -rw. A.G ALYwl ELb UTO,a West Htheb Mladre, on Fida.theaun 14h o ac,a,t on W esmnrio amnSdetachPanfod e AMiLYbESr oEf'IS wthlagegodei b-ein oe and 4,uGrsa ove Varis,te HGrsv,Crbewi,Sury h G.doio or,a repetBLE faiysh isitruation to hih eaLthy,ad conveient OI. the ctyban wemsten, on e. nlet tloGerge Smith Esq fomigd Laydt 182, frU ab temLl of fo%uryas atd LOt pe annu, coinseqetypseso a bed TadM outishouse in oe w ium ediante. Nb,4 i le toIL eft. Pir, tomle Ladyday 1TM0 exoreentclea at £65 anum. PartCuars had at ooe Mrart; rofo3D i?rey.tse,soiictor6. uretsPmin. andocaorn- tand lof grg .a,d Oakly, actioeer nsiland agent wil±entow cartzie Wnseriootplate. Stockwlh-Heschol Fliritre ChISina, globms PaintntsPanoore excelent iniugtab and nootherd oEffec1ts,s andR. C.ODGHO wil -SELL by ACIN, ot. NT.tew Remises, 1Me Parn-r ofd nletgtard St. InieharPau Chure thesuprior.W. 9 moder FUHN fiTowBE comprsingk goodP- 3bab furni-t ture, aptl dinin taBleKS, superiornideZoards selta Wfnaogkany chars,rorwod spaiagroo site o soi rcarod,BuGenscr pehtts,chine-gAsses, and pantng, n th aiusohrneesa apendgesw of a p-hate reidnc, M3paty be viwed tho-ee dlaypecein IDPatdemrnin TOfI -ae KonumcaGtalogqu-ba onteprmsS; tbpinm pacimey and T,e.of England; C2 g. auctineers 6, Ilc -thie tomnthrark lIfn ENYAO cmetis iam Ise~ 33bye 9 the !frVsteel' BLUc a aeudr h ilo r Bejai 'a.to Lb &UcTiOif. stths Mart,d lon hrsday, Itrli.itaoot,te an rIefti. 9Oi'HOL EF12A!f a;ne potrtio cositig f eIbsania brc-ul etac,whersinc, mos dOlightful ly situte oI tV ris of th kl,eiinfrmLwrHahtWctea-.ie,thdahd stahingndoberuilin0intc rer: djonin Isalaeepodutaroc garden and ao Bwell o voletwate, s -Bad tWhe reainig prtion Volsth iestte vons. isptin f a rage0coaschl4-houses exeniv ckbk gsn otercnvnin eecins wt a3rdan roucie areTwl
