DE3ATHS. - On he M lt. atthg Asle aosit alsyaatin e nsequenZ of bf:3Noundreceiedaccitall A}ianNiUam asr Capai6 tegiment, a&ed 19, son of the late Colonel Fraser, of tanae 6,Oithetthsl , Aug u itctlfem 4Ajstrtalia Mr .John Trenerry, of - On*ih&11th~lt VFlserto& Hose earSalisbury, of ebronier * bronchitis, John Edgar, Faq., in his 7lthyear w, choi 1 On thn2lst nit., it her iesldei Friar's House, Exeter, after a few *bo° On tbGtB-lt;at teasuglon, Colonel James JoTbirPreston, Bomn. On the M , olt.atHEndhbEIall, Yorkhire, 311a Prano;s Augwt Iland, aged 75. E-e eldest daughter of W. j.1 Frence,ken,;Woflxams7< green; In her 37th yearHenry *k-,bwtxCO Gautrehy A On the 27th ult. at Lwr CEapten, Mn W. Hg. of No, 7, O&tOhe2lthnlt,ia,t Croutch-nd Horney,3fr. HEcnry &n Ga ry, ^- Of tlh&2h8 oltiiatl ostonH Wila Henr Male; Eq., of t-he Island dL.St kiitW% aged 6 *OnC Thursdaj, -the 27th lt, at Stoke Devonport, Admira Curr7 CDB., In the 84thyearm of hir'age. I+On the 27th ilt,. ddenly, Mary Ann, wife of Mr. Wm, 'JrleY Churh-stet, Hackeie, lato of LeedS, agPedam, t - On athe 27thutlt.,in his-th'yeir, theBey. FrancisEdwardArm`en of 6f Greshanm, Norfolk. eco On the 982t nIt, at Chestonsile, Brfied .F House, P6ea7 jungetchl of on e.' Ghog Darke cobam, Iiu$, On the 2Sth ult, at a -% O enridtay thee 2th, i. l,yugs duhe rtelt r eIlia Stndon, of ro r Ja m 1 oa the 28th uIt.o age theatisedfn4influr of &e lard Shpyearzds,of ten andim ' an inhio On the 28th Vlt., aEt edrothWklhelrsw. wIsli ,at Ms oresdenc inhis Hesiet ta-resevt C-om e- ren t he last st ofothe four Oh setled in tonhe ltewartryg widow adbrit fNamiyt on ile,ae On the _9Ut tit., at Is, YokdFen Citby-road, Georgian Bchacil the la3elotedo a Srd afetionate w°nifoFrsederck Browing, Ems1.tettlm OnL the 2ith uilt, at Coiebroo eall,en th Stow 6 r of °n irc dhright N.D. h,Fat9, of And- Onte 2th ilt, a Edntsng, aged 5$, Jane, widow Of the late Johbn Grant, saq., of Nuttali il, laacashire. On Friday. theo2ithult, atE6, Vere-treet, (1svendlsh-squao in bis 72$ yeasMr, George Scebenckert On the 2t silt., (Innocents'-dayj atEastDerehamV Vca eaNroi os Gertrude Mary, daughter of the Bov. B. J. APrr trong, mnonti. Outhe 2thult, at Ru -pla, Swansa, the Infnt son eof 112 toeber Ogilby Moos, f-ron cosgestaonf the bhnain On the 29i tlt, at LaniTport, Houie, Portsmouth, aged 57,anera wife of ColonelJohn Eyre Commanding the t'oyal ArtilleraPrt. .iouthF On the -29th ult., at Missendern Abbey, Bucks, George Carrington, On the 29th uIlt, at Surbiton, Surrey, sddenlZ A-Te, youngest dlaughter of Mre. CharleB Butler, aged 4 yeazs and 3 months. -On the 29th uilt., at Gravesend, Thomaa Towns,6 Esq, late of 20, Oxford-street, London, in the 61st of his age. On the 29th uilt, at S. -Nelson-crescent, Easosgate, of consumption, - 2erdinand, youngest son of Mr. Rudolph Ackermain, of 191, Regont- istreet, London, aged 19. *OCar tEeo 29th malt., at Torquay, after a few dale llInes,~ John D)ick 'oco for that county. -~ ~ ~~th a te 2th it- a Cabrige;if he Slbrer,Sarah Mflddleton ,,a o te lteMr Toma Atwed fomelyofHall Farm, Wes On the 30th uilt,. at 5, Great Garden-street, U1iltlSchap4 Hrelen, the belovyedwifeof Mn. James Glascott, aged 20, deeplyregretted. 'On the 30thL ult, at Camden-town, in the 26t year of her ao *Arabella Jane, the beloTed wife of Wiliam Henr Ly-odall and dlaughter of Edward Lorenro Perry, Faq., artist. On the 30th tilt, at Froafield, Mr. John Martin, formerly of 312 Xout-s~treet, Grosvenor-square, in the 65th year of his age. - - On the M1t ult, at Park-road Villas, Battersea, after a sheet Ilness, neged 63, John Hist, Esq.,of the fuamof Keeling and Hlut. Monmanente At the Parsonage of Sholden, Kent, the Rev. P. W. Darw-al aged5O~ At Souathmolton, agedI 70, NWillam Longworth, Faq of Smnmeryile Worcestershire, and Glynn-wood, en. westreath, eln,oug6 and last sur-viving son of the late Fr,ancis Longworth, Ese,, of- Cregan Castle, in the sAme county.-
BO R )and IRESIDENCE, Psirtheor Entire, in" the beat square to the noith of I,ondot,' for oeis or twog tlee teeking a permnet bon.Terms v rylne,derwte.-47, I=deton iqsare. nerh ne,Islington. 1)OARD and RESIDENCE REQUIRED, for a Bllay,na private family without children, within four or five millcsofom ,outhe Snrrysdd. Terra andi fufll Particular to be addriseied AiL P. G.. 13, hlpt-Isac, city.- city.Termsmoderte. W, Ee leoilbrary. ith BOA.4RD~ and RESIDENCE, either partial or entie my h obtaoined tliebhouse of ahighly rneeteldy iut near Charing-cross Address ]EL I3L, Mi. rFowler 4 35, Bedford-street, 1)OA-RD and RESIDENCE, partilornte,t'r ML ingle gentleman or two brothaeesixa a sgl epcal aiy in the immedliate net1hbourhoo(t of ad-sar. plyt .C, 27, Sounthamapton-row. lussell-square. agreeable Terms from 2 guinea per See .-, Palmererriemce, Hoi1- 7U OARtD and Gxood ACCOMMODATIO0N, wi,thumae .Liof piane, in a plca.'nt house, near mnngogadn.Any pory tesrou obingdouiciled in agenteel fanrily. without childreni, irond met wth oc,a smfort. Addres Kensington, Mr. Klnigsford's elhYmist,. High-streeto Kensington.- U ADand)EtESIDENCE near Rn-sacll-.quare, hij .tLNYaRrivAtc family, who have eeiOd ManY year in Yrncno anid Italyf. Huse?ssclouo, overlookinig several accuse! gardens Aner teo nhoor rem thecityorwe-stend. Terniesnmoderate. APppl a 30. Great Ornmond-street. QARD and ESIDENCE-married conplest, B[OARD) and TUITION.-A beneiedeegvrn aLrsdn tiabut15 minates walk from eacoftpblehls reemives intolu os YOUNG GEN'TLESINM to BO 'D Bi,an who~ sueintendis their studies, wiishes to lind as pupil or two to redthe, cl eis adathlematics withi of an1 evenlngL after 7 e'clock. Terms modterate. AddressCollis, careof ir. Good.C, £0 ?oorgate-sreet. BOARD and RESIDENCR-One or two gentlemen_ Bwho maly desire a HOMEB in a Private family of the highest re?epectabilit,y can be rerelvod in anoblemaruiLin.mosteclegantlyfunotsbea. Ijilef norita fourcheutte. Dininer aLt 7. Three se urvat. Piano and lIr bag,,, atelle tabl e: Terms XI 9 per annumn, or at the ame ramte per eret wor we No ext rms whatever.-l. B., Parsn's, baker, Tarring. ton-place. Gotdon-stiuare. RESIDENCE.-BOARD, in a respectable boardin'. Momr,e of lonig standing, conducted by a widlow lady. Two sm11 bed roomis are now vacant to gentleren engagdot.Trsfrom.C1 to a. per week. Cardg at i. Crawford-stet lace-tet. ALADY or TWVO SISTERS cai, be accormnodated Awit-li BOARD andI RErIIDEN CE-. in the house of a widlow lady,where no other inmiates are received. Tcr;.a9sfrom 38to40 giea e ainunu. Addrer.sY. Z., Mr. HursVs, 1, Rocki;ngham-pIace, New Kent, AVACANCY for a latdy or gentleman in a comfortAable domestimated family where the comforts of a homne am offered. The house is plessntly situate, on the Surrey side of the water. Letter to be adresd,~ post paid, to St. A., I'riees, chyralst North Brixton. N? 8, GRENVILLE-STREET, Brunsivickt-sqkare. OneL roomi sulitable for a maLrried couple. To those who are seeidg homec cmnforts thIs wll be found a desirble bouse. .Addres SIrs. IL. Beferences~exchauged. A FAMILY residing in Hanover wish to receive --TWVO you0ko ENGLISH GENTLE-ME1. under 17 years of ag,who are desirous of acquiring the Germiani Language. Evecry dlo. lestccomfortW,ill le tterided to. Fur particulars apply by letter to V. it O., 4, 'Montague-place, Llslngton. rIHE ADVERTISERt, a professional mas, who reTsidles in the most heautiftil and healtlir sobhorb in the north of Lonon wil e app t REEIE GIiJLMA into hisa fam5ly WATER CUItE.-HYDROPATHIC ESTAWBLISHDMET. CoMethall House, Fortis-green, Finchicy. Sliddlesex.six miles fromnLondoni. All letters addressed to thieprolrietor, B.WV. JACKSOX,Esto. IResident Physician, Dr. ILIL Johnson. A PARTINE NTS.-To be LET, neatly Furnished, a1 S3ITTIN~G ROOSt1. withi one' or two Bed Itooms, Pleasantly situate, aboiit II miile from the Lea-bridge Station. For particulars apply, to IL S., INhip's-cros post-ffice. P"NTMENTS.-WALNTED, for a singlegetA min, a SITTING ROOMK and BED ROOM,L w0ithin hlf a hour's walk of Ilcgent-cireust. Terms, lOs. per week.-A. Is., 32, University-steect. APA'RTAIENTS, Furnished, for single gentIem-en wiith, rartial Board or otherwise., m a quiet family where there are no children ; or sitting roomi, wihI one or two aeh rooms, with every necasr comfort. Terms moderame-24. Noel-street, Rtiver. terrace, sigon. APARTENTS for bacelorin one of the pretiet ottge ilas n t. oin'swooi,and furnished unexceptonaly-dawig rom ad smlle dito, ost dcsira:e.V bed room and demin roo. Pefectattedanc, lien sd Plate. SituaLte 12, Wellngtn-rad.Tens R. pe wek.Alltheomuibuses pa.' the A PARTAMENTS, Furniished.-A DR NV~ ROOIST witli twoeormiore Bed Booms, to be LET. h.a ost dcserable part oiGravesend. If taken for thewiniter monthstlbsterms w,ll be verynmoderate. Apply to SL.St.post-office, ravesenid. All letters pro-paid. I APAR'1'MENTS, handsomely Funse,i a ALsquare Notting-hlul.-A. widlower gentlemnwihufml, wi,bes io LETr any number of RtOO-SIS out of 1.o h hl,o mnoderate terms. Address. lpletter seily in the Setpae .S . post-office, Izidrllrok-grove, laotting-hill. No ageuneapy APARTMIENTS.-4,, Wcyrsontbhs-trecet, Portland. ACphice.-To be LET. handworcsely Furnishied, a DRAWINTG BOOMI, with beLd room adjoininig, aud lare front be-d room on the second floor. Also a dressing room or extra bed roomn if required. Good attendance,.plate,amndlineni. Apply as above. 1I2~~URNSHE.-Is a ithly respectable square, a Jk well FURNISHE'DFRONT BEDEROOSt, with use orparlourtco breakffast in.and atttendance,utIs. per,,eweek Apply to r. Dutton, 25, Compton,strecet, Brunswrick-square. F URNISHED APARTMENTS, consisting of J'drawing room, witheor without partial or entire board, ins r- spectable domestic establishment. Apply to IL H., 87, Guildfordtstreet, Russll-siusre. FURNISHED APARTMENTS, siituate in Dukce- sgtreet, St. James's, to be LET, maost comfortably furngishd and ready for immediate ocption. TerMS very mo-derate. Attendance circn. Apply to r . A. Oakley, auctionee, 8, Regent-treet, Wiiterloo-plaee. L"~URNISHED APARTMRENTS.-To be LET, a I.' SITTINGS ROOM13 and BED ROO11, n the first floor of a private residence, in the neighbourhooid of the Regent's-park, suitable for a gentleman Rteferences required. Addres W. F., aLt Sire. Mait's, 10, Reetset,u-read. . U TNFURNISHED APARTAIENT.DAI RO~POM, B3emuitooin sand mnall extra rom2aldo1 ie with dmsic-conveniences. RLent 20 guina-t .Gageracast, Queen's-road, Dalston.- TTNFURISHED.-To b LET,by a respectable ~Jery avnga au lrgr ha rqure,a DRlAWINsG Room FLOU, wth a exra bd rom ad ktche ifrequired, inx one of the mostheathy quaes i Lodon,20 inuts' alk romthe city or or ersna qull~ repetabe. ddessA. .,21,Mnahetoper.stoet TI0 be LET, urnfurmished, A A T E 1,cnit .3. ing of two sitting rooms, fourebedrom,adithn Apply at 73, George-street, Portetmn-square. -uN the STPAND.-To be LET, goodROS ut ..able feroffices or dwelling. Rent-low.Alagfrnkice may be had. with othierconveniences. Apply at67Stad ?To be LET, unfurnishee, oppositee the British M~useumn, a very compact adid newly done uip SECOND FLGOOR forea gentleman, at t9, Great Russell-street. rrO CHRISTIAN YOUNG 1MEN.-To be LET, a .1. BED ROOM, with Use of Sitting Booma, on moderate terins. Partial board ifreriuired. For cards of address apply atHIoncy.sets lbbeary, Hligh-strectc, Camaden-town. TOCATHOLICS.-APARTMENTS WAANTED, T3.by'ayamulg man engaged inithe city bedxroom, witlisuseof sitting ron,and partial atteinuance. Refereaces. Asidress, statiuir ers Xe.t Z. , 91, fleet-street. TFPO GENTLEMEN.-APART.MENTS to be LT A. Furnished, with every comfort and cionvenience, suitable foIon ortwogentlemen- No children oroether lodgers. Address-25,Aliainy. she,RgnsparIs T O GENTLEMEN.-APARTMENTS to be LET, Xin a pretty detached cottage, near Claphara-commo., consist.ill of bed sitting, adid dressing room, neatl furnished, with attendance. Terms- I2s. poer-week. C oach-hotuse ndstable if required. Aridrews L. B. L., Acre Cottage. Park-road, Clapbam. T O MEMABERS of PARLIAMBNT andothe-rs.-Xo- --be LET. Furnished, in one of the best stireets ear the eluibs, a DRtAWING and DININGl RO-OS eni suite, withL suitable Bed Rooms. Per particulars address to B. C., Ide. Kelly'g, post-office, VigGi-street, AHandsome FIRST FLOORt, newly done uap, to be ALET, runurnised, In the house of a professional gentleman,with bWand dressing roin on the second floor (water laid on). atic, and lower offices complete. The rooms particularly llglt and airy. Apply lit-4l, Fitzroy-square m F ARM.-HOUSE A-PART51ENTS.-WANTD J FURNISHE SITTING ROOM1 and BED RtOOMingod sire far-houe, sitale fra taderan adhis wife.Thsiuto muste arlr an asarmsapesibe, ndi wihinan hour's ride of -ERKELEY CHAMBERS :13 Bruton-street B Ben~ozd-street. :Retsinb0tDrj0. CHAMBERS-~To lie L E,fTte onp wth cromfrtsd flonv, lerg, anught, inludaing atRnaOO. Foreae furtherparatclym apply tor wthe a r elrstaein front. Ren vey oderate. ilousekecperand. attenantesidnot on the chabes Apply at 38, Upper Thiamesstreet, oity. tHEAP OFFICES.-A small BACK'OFFICE to Cbe LEr, in a leadiisg thoroughfare, near the Temple, Somerset:hos,i. The advantae of the se of alarger office, and of the at. tenan o th aderise's lek In the smsm, vould he obtained. Address A.-B.;-at Mer. Beckfoed's laws stationer, 12 Chanory-lane. fl ROUND PLO OR OFFICES to-be LET, late M1r. Pk eter Broad's. fl9t Tavistoek-street, OCovent-garden. Inquire c TjOBOOKSELLERS and STATI ER.2AT T3. D. to PURCHASE a IUSL3NESS, retuxningnot legs thang£1200 a year. Suburbs of town preferred. Particulars, by letter ol,to N. M., News-rooms, 15, Gracechurch-street ROOM LOOR,withextra Bed. Ro,adohrenmeg rVoMMLANDAENTS-,LWANTED,y --IRNT &c,-WANTEDU by_A ady with TBPI~~I~~AINFS of the above .description, eitIserat Iho west cilof London ornin any.large town.. F~ull pa3rtcular Must bt adixeuaed to A., B, Me. Colgates, news a-zeut, ke.,- ii, Kenuingtocm- 'NOB nd PREMISES - ANTED, jj,h leidinre, ng~t;. inap~odanei,bouthiood4 ii the suburbsof Lmsd !L auttbe fllor A~. l ~visboaa.Srv:IniaLes FRPosrtice, lxonlywHIba WARHo~LSES-in'theCITY and WATERSrDE-> W "~~ ~~~eanaig IRISSo .h h M1ESSRS. SMITH and CHAPMAN, land an& elresj ae nw fo theenu~ Sesontheir RUINTED LIST of PROPER ~ ndSO . NocbargeforregistgL. ISH~HUSF o PCTTGXWANTZD; recentlyreis rlsiUIthD, fosr ancfeg an busnesor prvat IntIttio. Fryparticulars aplya MYark-Aiii4 buler, c51,Sh-qre be LLV iD xcptonnkichn ndtw ror]. In a respecitable'nibuhrl In Isrntoo, elose t fo tecaed oerieTalwy taetionrOcbaf a I famly an emsmdrte0pl a eLEo gIOoD, FREEHALE andUSTOUT& T rXUE,withla gocneromcttw rcawee (admrll ulpie, il bixureF tesisnora de, tbaUuond.parfroditulrewthstablea I. hant £04 To be LET, ufurenishedI, for twomon7erth; ro t~he T rtrmdHOUSE,eof S t ons, dtcbe$h,sie o entelandtwo,oantteFriuew4hich I , n Arinew ob Safgold,c aso thehfanulyod oning. ab,SOonatcuasply tomi Mr. Hes 23Wger-tereoct,c.Avoishr sqae:o'aoSre J.nc Wellingn okellr ki. ,]vrno-erce Bishop's-road, Bayaorinwater. rro be LET, frsc a termofE ALEar asd mayOUT Tage wi n,the od oortwc LONIINTOr LLIkY near Newigth- ino-Tn. h trad?e, ofd therIgtHon.tIre Earltoarlle. Re tlils ar Rsnktothlo prosin seam whL1ich haihr tecentlymexiteniely-. opeed ut heengnes sceeswifdoh. splyto upon. the Bolwnsarws be tkenata alutionFuthe iNfoagetione canpepbtiedy npp. TrIO bU LTCHEorsu-ShOa,r it Fixtres, to m bet XLETo reaonabe, Ine an "Yltel,igibestuaItion.u o ApLyat2l,A Gatos.- TedO,CARVERSi ar s,nddGILDERS.T o b he D ISPOe]) OF natfashuionabl su'erpieformntoncod-sablisbtd BUSIoaaF,, inthe aboealine, o in the deathblof iuthepoprietr Apply to, Gr o. Barrett, Lowestoft, Suffolk. 0 'iLE,ATHE RCUTIUERS.-:Tobe DIS~POSE) ~OF, T. an obi-estabbashed BUSINESS, in a good neighbourhood, with os Withocut stork. Fixtures ata valuation. Applyat 24, Stesnhepe-stroet Clarc-msrk-et. T O be SOLD or LET, TWO excellent nine-roomed. JLHOUSES, situate in thiehighestpaTt of cItetisl-town,fittedoap.- with every convenience;gardenin themr=; ad.ovrblooking thofieads.- Benut40guineas. P1rice £110 each.lae JA 908years,at&a I w grounnd rent. Apply toMr. Wright, ,Willo--vak, Kentish-towen. rro DRAPERS, &e.-Io be DISPOSE]) OF, tih 114 years' LEA%SE of one of tboihandsouneset SHOPS In Idverpool, situate intho best part of the first business s-treet frontage SIfeot, det 5fe,suitable for any ilrsi-clae, trade. Apply to Menws. Edwards fanSmith, 19, Grest Caster-lane, Docioees-comnsiong. rro FRMER.-ForSALL, a ILK BUSINESZS-, tta HOSI0 ERSwek a lla ndRT foKrSredyTobe~ at-I PFOSED OF, a fint-rate PLACE of BUSINESS. at the west end,, in a most excellent thoroughfare, withra large house, replete with everyconvenience, in perfect comdition. Rtent and taxes very moderate.. Stock and lixtures not exceeding £300. Apply to SIr. Sibley, accountant, 9, Foster-lane. .LirrsePItMISE.-T beLET,in he eighbourhood of Edge- TIN GROCERS and OILMEN--G. Armstrong ra&T.Son, trade valuers anid auctioneers, have for DISPOSAI eom astvantagrous terms, an old-established genuine IIUSIXNESS, doing -.& prolitabletrade,a fewmiles suth-cast ofLonidon-bridge, The shop is beautifully fitted up, with every convenience. The house is large and. convenient and mun be enaly let off. For orders to view apply at 27, Bueklderury, city. roMEMBERS of PARLIAMENTand FAMILIES T. abouttoVISIT .ONDOS-~To be LET,fe-tireseason orlonger period, the whole or part, of a commodious FAMSILY ILESIDE2NUA', near Bearkeley-square, consisting of e-legant lefty double drawing roorns, dining reole, six bed rmoms, and usua offices, or'arro I,atli, and every convenience. Attendance if required. Apply by letter to A. B. C., po,t-estee,VWigo-strect. lNo agentneed apply. T'OCOLOUR MERCH.A.NTS, Wbnuner~a T. others-To he LEr on LEASE, with early pesesin, a large and commodious WHARF, with a 12-roomed House adjoining, suitable, for a nranufacturing business with considerable erections for the list.. named trarde. A lofty steam shaiterectedl. Or couvcnientfor stabling, Ac, On tire Rtegent's Cain], anid opposite the Railwray Depot, Camden-- town.For particulars apply to WV. C.,, Stanhopu Arms, Oral-road, V[0C O S, Confectioners, and others-Lu~cratiao T. nv`es2n`cut.-Mecszrs. Robt. Green and Comipanyare instructed to DISPOSE OF LEASE, Goodwill, Fixtures, Fitting, and Utensil of afirst-clasIUSUfESS as abolve. Price0450guineas,parteowhich,If. reurd may remainon mortgage. The furniture,or part,and stockc avauto.The house is commnodious and frihionably, located, with~ coach-house and stable attached. Tire upper part iswLlt let, leaving the businessiperoutes rent free. Apply at their ofiier, 201,Oxtford-street KEW-GREEN.-To be LET, unfurnishsed, with iui' K mediate possession, a sinsll COTTAGE, with Farwlcn Rent moderate. ForparticuLvsrsnplyto MNr. Se.-res, agent,kew. B IGHTOX.-Somno capital HOUSES;faig the' sea onteEsGl!,t eLT rrfmee.Aply to Meins, Parsons and sons, 9, Mkarine-parade. OXFORD-STREET.-To be LET, -with imnmediate 0poeska,Qion_ THREE excaellet SHOPS, with p late-glass fronts,,, and superior houses with prvt or,Rx41ad401 Oxford-otrecet and!53,3Museum-steret. Apply to.Messrs.Neighbo=urmd Son,oil nr-- chaLnte, 127, High Hfotborn S PRING-GARDENS.-Etos ecss or Residence: CirambersTo be LET,urnfmmisbed, the-SECONI) and THIEJ-Y j,lORS of oenrol the largest HOUSES in this central postion For patculars apply to Mx. WV. A. Osidey, auctioneer, 8, Zectses., NORTHAMI'TONSHIRE--To b E,at N entered upon immediately, a good FML OS,wl furishd w-ith ample stables, reach-boriss,in o tecar o butn ounts' wIti a slort diealnoerofaAm-cssriwysa iontand easy distanceof`a mal marhet tow.Fefs rpatclrF apply to Mesr.Buro and Son, selielioms Davriy WMEYMNOUTH.-For S ALEP, a firt-class HOUSE, VIsituate in the Belvedere of tris fashionable watering-place, consisting of four sitting roomes, 11 bedI rorms, and all suitable offices The house is in complete repakir nd has just received thresicoats of paLinttlrroughout. Termsupwardsof60 years Price £1,350. Applyto sIr. Rohi. Diamon, or-to Mr. Brorier, Weynmeuth. BRIGHTON.-A nlay;vihes to LET her HOUSE, clos,etotbse MaIrine-paTade andpier, withanside seav!iew. It conloins three sitting mid sevecn bedrooms ele5t beds). reththcuoual oDffices water audgas lad en. Terms two gumeaasand a half a woch, - for two, four, or six mouths. ApPly to M1r. Dureant, 35 -Maiune-- parade, Brighton, or to R B., 70, Park-street, Grosvenor-square. t IAMBERWVELL-T.o be LET era LEASE, a sun3-i stantial detached FAMkILY RESIDENCE, suitable for a largefamly,wit coch-ous mi amlin, pddok, idtchen and pleasure garens wih wll-row sruberis, reehoue,coshouse, LA=i 7],OTTING-HILL facing Lord Hollaud's-parku--To. LIbe LET, lurfumishe (suds]] the appropiriate Furniiucdi S4ldd, a most convenient HOUSE, lit in all respects ferna small family; It has three sitting mooms and live bed rooms, olllees, and garden. lins £65' rrer anum It is in perfect order, and fit for Immnediate ozeupratiop.' Pe ad oview applyt lo r. mUalett, 10,.New Bond-street- EGENs-PRK,-o b LE ona LEASE, ar A.ts apita FAMIY RESDENCE mostdesirably eituate ire ther-- room ane mo, hrny,airbedLE monet and S deesiosp JnheRegeAYS-pArk.Knsntnpak Hndon INLLO2WST JOTTA's-WleD-TerRAC-ToT be ET W fLEtahOuSE,xsirlturate inuetacboed Otenur E s o aDEMCEth motbautifug id-outngrounds contf the Harylebo nug,nedAreaHoufe t i in a mrri s6urbstanti,ald stateofrec1at, hadv_somel eredm anod dtthed -- braew-oue,er ond out-buhelding6ader-cryfconvenienehe iareirdoutrantm thereahd-hreat, G ldrei-nhnaous; ortMaPoter, bouttrdier, str oiux drood-terecaaye. FrhratclxoX..D- cinuu estate aelegantyBFUlNISHEDnt. rooifd priat HUSE wthn r inthe' seindsof then. to e LT, or wo onts, ithluredit oaevleny toua rset-o hous unfHNrash WOd. -NTeone sfom Uppern.an-ie thehtous CI trOY Oe, -To be T1Pa LETR,fo onLEASEn,f cNipeo 2d-- clair room,e midtted enthanume-hlrour laxtrges hod momesdirs semr-- O11TH DE9VON, Teignmouth,-Deigbhtf3arne tSResidene, e-legantiy l,'mmisied.-To he LIZ, an excen MMtEd- §ENCE surrounded. by its owripleasrre gromds of about deer Aercs,.l with aeressto tire did-and sea bech tcntainsdbiiiaganddrawing torss, oac-hors,andusul ot-bildngs The Initce'a-_ns Theek houecnol be viewed OF bAyeard Is, with alth erisei cof the'.
3(-MONY-MSAIM T ard CT-YINTBLLIGEB cE. Monday Evening. lThe financial experience of the past year, like that of its predecessor, has.Justified the reliance expressed - at its conimencenient. The chief question then was -whether-the Government would- resort to-loans in.:Wead of prejudicing the war by adding too heavily Ad .its burdens. Sound policy prevailed, aid the .country has not only been able to meet satisfactorily :nli other sicrifices required of it, butt has maintained a course of commercial prosperity fitlly equal-to the overage of ordinary times, and far. greater than has Ueen witnessed elseowhere, even among those nations tl-At have remained at peace. This-result, morcover, has been arrived at in the face oE attemph to create a commercial panic similar ; -to those vaily employed in 1854. Although Con- 4o!s, which werethen driven down to 85.x, have this year, in like mnanner, touched 86., the general range .of prices has shown remark-able firmness. Confidence; also, has characterized the money-market, since, while the rate of discount during the con*cIuding three months has stood at a point rarely re.ached, therg has been an almost total absence of any 4exclusively, domesticg cause for the alteration, and itlias consequently been followed by few signs to indicate that anything unusual has taken place. The *demxnd for gold in France and some parts of Germiany to pay for food, and the uhexpected and :sudden measures taken to obtain it, created a corresponding movement in all quarters. As regards her general position, however, England stood in juist -the same relation to othet countries before it occurred ,u" she occupied afterward. Its effects, therefore, -were relatively unimportant, and enough- has since been witnessed to demonstiate that in the absence of -ny abnormal influences there was little in the state -of English commerce to lead to pressure of any kind. Indeed, so long as the rise is universal, and we are niot placed at a comparative disadvantage by it, there -ill be no national cause for alarm, whatever point -=y be reached. The experience of America .nnd other countries where the rate has been commaonly from 8 to 15 per cent. shows the conditions to wlicl, under certain circumstances, trade can healthily adapt itself. Witl respect to the future, this solidity of our -commerce is su9ficient to dispel allnxiety, and there as no reason to regard the third year of the war with -ny diminution of the trust rightly entertained at the comniencemient of the preceding tNvo. Happily, the public are being gradually (isabused of the -vague terror that war and financial confusion are inseparably connected. A great nation making enormous annual additions to its capital from the profits of' an undisturbed trade can carry oni hostili-ties for any number of years without necessarily experiencing a moment of monetary difficulty. Of course, it is deplorable to sink in this way wvhat mAght be applied to oiur material progress, but even in that respect regret is diminished by the fact that, instead of so applying it, we usually squander it in foreign- loans or schemes which are ultimately repu,diated or brolken up. All that is requisite to insure safety is that the (Govermnent should resolxtely liit its expenditure to a point which will not cause the annual efflux of bullion to exceed the realized surplus at otur disposal; and, as the circumstances necessitating that precaution are inexorable, there can be no pardon tfor inattention to it. Whatever devices may be resorted to-unhinited issues of paper, suspension of specie payments, or even, as in Russia, a prohibition -of the export of gold-nothing can do away w"ith 'the alunual requirements for bullion to meet all the excessive imports the war occasions. Hence our power of continuing the war must depend exclusively upon our power of getting gold. As wve possess this power, howvever, to a greater extent than any other country, such a condition ought not to be considered'ahard one. We have the certainty -that in fighting upon these terms there are none -who can hold out so long, and that it is the consciousness of this fact that everywhere inspires awe. That in the present state of our trade our annual gains are amply sufficient for an expenditture which mo other country can rival has beer shown by the results of the past year. Notwithstanding the pro-digality of oiur dErect outlay, the grant of loans to Sardinia and Tiurkey, and the continuous disbiusements for public works in India, Canada, and elsewhere, to which we had committed oursclves before siny peril was apprehended, the specie at the Bank of England is only 1,600001. below the point at -which it stood t-vo months after the declar3tion of -war, wlhle the quantities held by the other establishments in the united kingdom are in excess of ;their usual aggregate. If, howvever, our expenditure had been carried :greatly beyond these limits, what would have been -the result? A 'Bank Restriction Act and an issue of irredeemabIe paper would render the coin now in circulation available for export, but half of it would probably be hoarded, and after thle other halfamounting, per'aaps, to 40,000,000I.-had been sent away, we should find in the succeediin year that the limitation of expeinditure by which we might voluntwrily7,have preserved the credit of the country would be forced upon us in the midst of disaster and confusion. W hen in our prodigality we had parted with all we possessed, and had injured our -conunerce in the act, we should- learn that upon that commerce for the future must our only supplies .depend. - It is trnie that in case of mismanagement on this point one legitimate paliative is open to us, and it is well thatisuch is the fact, sine& it is irmpossible to foresee into what imistakes Goveranient may yet be led by the frequent repetition of the phrases that in the condiict of the struggle money is not to be conzsidereds and that it remains to be seen houv far the maintenance of specie payments is compatible with a state of-war. These cries, like those of the currency theorists, would beget an impression that, -owing to our credit, our means are illimitable, and that at the worst, all that-a Minister has to do is 'to create Consols for what hle wants or impose fresh taxes. In the gold question, however, neither *a creation of Consols nor the heaping -on of - taxes can help us. Foreign merchants nill not take securities in payment, for their ,oods .anymore than they will ta7se bank-notes. -To-meet -that large proportion of the expenses-of-a war which represents the extraordinary profits of.contractors,4shipowners, &&c, -and which -involving nmerely- a transfer of'money from the- community at laige to -certain indfiiduals 6f their body, terminates in no -actual loss to the nation, loans are the true resource; but for any h-n beyond they are a delusion.:- Satisfaction, therefore, may be felt that, in the unlikely event of the:Governhient being rash enough to bring this truth to- a praclical test, there- Iwduld still bee a' means of- the -peril -that Would -ensue - and: -1 --gilg thren2utime to return to a viser coune h -W present conshtuaion of the currency lavet -us al -as lv *ith a magnileent exfdiedi for :any sudden eiegency 'An issue of l.-notes iig4tfset fre at any tine, proJbably notless than 20,000,0001. of bullion, -Like al= such aids, however, i-would aditpf no repetition, and should therefore be held up merely for the instruction of our, enenies, as showzing the extraordinary reserves thit miubte exhausted befo,e theycan hope to see us even approwhing< -the pretnonitory zymptomeof astate ofirea difficulty.:-- r i The behseF2consqiuently, warranted that with ordinary care ourmon tay position is-impre'nable. n fact, assuming a continuance of the-war, andof the steady: avoidance of speculatilon wbhich isits-onsequence it mav bo s-itl tihere has rzimlybeen: a time when ~ip'oapects have ptesented fewer elements cf u116rtainty." The exeitions on tho continent to obtin gold from us have left us -unusually free from claims'from foreign countries ; the AluLstralian crisis hattingpas7thero is -no approhension, such as coiumnonly prevails even in tho best-times, that at least'some individual-inmxrket can be pointedout where, from a glat of qur 'goods, a reaction is to be expected; the prevailing rates of interest offer no difficulty, becanse,obeing general, they fail to compromiso -or power 'of competition -oith other nations, and our home suLpplies ,of food ar fully equal to an average,-while the favourable autumin and high prices have stimulated a further increase of agricultural activity. eV have also the certainty of benefiting more thai any other country by that free expenditure always consequent in America upon a successful-hareiest afid a heavy foreign demand; andi, finally, the latest accounts, both from .California and Australia, give the assurance,'not only of a continuous, but of a large and steady increase of the influence of the gold discoveries. It is, at tho same time, to be borne in mind that with every month the prospect becomes stronger of a return of some of the inmnense supplies of specie already sent to the Rust. The process of hoarding, even among the most - unenlightened populations, never goes beyond a certain' point, and there are indications in Tturkey and elsewhere of its approaching cessation-a result which muist be accelerated by the high value of money. To China the drain continues-without a sign of diminution, but a considerable portion of it is on American account; and it is therefore partially met by increased receipts from that country. Within the last 30 years there have been two examples of a similar outflow. In neither case, however, although both lasted a long cime, was it so protracted as in the pretent instance. Fronm this review we arrive at conclusions calculated to give faith to every one in the ful maintenance of our credit and prosperity. It will be seen that, whatever may bo thc general rates of discount, we are perfectly in a state to accommodate ourselves to them, and that anl that is necessary for our continued security is that the Bank should unflinchingly continue to keep their charges up to the general level of those upoII the continent. This of ,itself will operate as a warning sufficient to restrict the Governments both of France and England within the bounds of legitimate expenditure. But, while the commercial and agricultural classes have thus every cause for confidence and satisfaction, it must be acknowledged that those less extensive sections of tho community which include all persons of fLxed incomes are subjected to serious hardship. They are forced to sustain, simultaneously, the effect of the gold discoveries upon prices, anid the full but far from impartial severity of the income-tax, and are shut out from all counteracting advantages. Tiis, which is a point for the Government to keep in view in adjusting the popular burdens, since, wlhile they cannot palliate, they may avoid aggravating it, seems almost the sole exception to the general wellbeing. If, on the other hand, contrary to expectation, the war should suddenly end, althotugh- a period of wonderful development would follow, the time for real anxiety would then approach. Whenever a new period of inflation in England shall arrive it will be fraught with a new and singular danger. The secret discovered by foreign Governments and corporations just before the outbreak of hostilities, that by guaranteeing a certain amount of interest they mnay attract our capital wvithout limit for the execution of public works, will be niade use of to an extent to which it is diflicult to see any terminationj except thle usual one of a grand convulsion. Previously to the interruption caused by the wmar countless schemes of this kind were in preparation, and in the subsequent two years projectors have been busy at al points preparing to add to the nunber. When Europe is again in repose they will flock round every Government, anid, inasmuch as all proposals for great national undertakings are deservedly popular with the masses, wlhile they flatter the vanity of potentates and the cupidity of courtiers, the success of their endeavomus is likely to be limited only by their capacity for invention. In this way the movement will go on until a crisis of unexampled magnitude shall reveal that it is in peace, and not in war, oiur financial position is most assailable, and probably that whiile we have been constrticting every great work that could add to the glory of foreign cities and ports, including, of course, those of Russia, we have neglected aU similar duties at home, and have impoverished oturselves to a point wlhich must condemn us still to a postponement of them. The English funds opened this morning at a reaction of an eighth from thle steady prices of Saturday, and suibsequently experienced a further slight decline. Consols were first quoted 883 to -i ex. dividend, and they left offf at 8S4 to 3, a general absence of business, an extraordinary demand for money at the Bank and elsewhere, and Iower quotations from Paris being the principal causes of the prevailing dhulness. The next settlement is fxed for the 11th of February, and Consols for that period closed at 88-\-. iBank Stock was quoted 205 to 206; Reduced, 8S to ; New Three per Cents., 88Q to ; Long Annuities, 3 9-16; Aimnities, 1885, 16 5-16; Exchequer-bonds, 97g to i; and India-bonds and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 5s. discount. The demand in the discount-market was unprecedentedly heavy even for the last day of the year, -whern, in consequence of the ordinaiy payments on the occasion, and the' desire of all persons to have full balances at their bankers', it is usually very active. Part of the extra pressure was consequent upon another instalment of 10 per cent. on the Turkish Loan falling due to-morrow. Foreign securities exhibited little fluctuation, but prices generally were maintainedwith firmness. The operations comprised-Brazilian, 99%; the Small, f9f; tne Four-and-a-Half per Cents., New, 90 ex. div.; Danish Three per Cents.,'.83; Mexican, for money, 19&; for the account, 19k, 20, and 19 ; Portuguese Four per Cents.,, for money, 49; for the account, 49s; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 40; Spanish Certificates of Coupon not funded, 4c; Turkish, for accouint, 83M and i; the Small, 8Si; the New Scrip, 34 discount for money, and 32 and i discount for the. accouit; and .Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 94'-, i, In the corn-market this morning there was a further decline of between 2s. and 3s. per quarter. The final price o'f the French Three per Cents.'on the Pais Bourse this evening was 64f. 30c.,-showing a fall of nearlyfive-eignthspercent.,-tobe attributed probably to themonthly settlement and the apparent -referenceto Prussia in the 'peech'of the Emperor to the Imperial Guard. - The whole of the 476,000L.'in gold brought by the! Donald RKay isunderstood to have been purchase& for transmission to the Bank of France. -' The America- this afternoon froiu New York-has brought 62,0001. in gold. - - The whole of' the Six per Cent. Victoria Govern 'ment 3ebentures held for saleinthis colunry b? theXEanks of New South Wales and Australasia on aq- ctof the Government of - that colony- hava 'to-day been disposed of. ' - ; - -
RAILWAY AAD MIrNiNG SHARES : - ,,onday Evening. The raiiway-market was steady to-day, anud quo. tations generally were rather firmer to-wards tho ciose. Australian land and ba3iking shares were well supported, although tho transactions continue limited. C,anmda.Land were- nego,tiated at 128 and 120, and the final quotation wvas 124 to 128 ex. div. Mining shalres exhibited heaviness, few transactions having taken place. Crystal Palace left off 2 to 2,. ORDINAlRY SRARFS ANADq sToc1 AnsiUvAs or. To nE WEEIs 393 AuLstralia ... . . . .. . Sl9 Otherplacea . 133 To tal... . . .. . .. 8s6 With respect to the general state of the trade Mesrs. Colchester andWeakner remark:-" The tallow-market has been very quiet during the wveek, and hut little business has een done. Prices hare, howvever, been pretty well, maintained,contracts for thisyearhavigbeenclosed at Ss. to GSs. 3dL, anud .at one moment tallow. for inumediate delivery was dearer than for the first three monthLs of next year, but at the close on Saturday this was not the case. ln consequence of.the prevalence of contrary irinds the arrivals have been moderate; about 3,000 casks are now due, and may be expected in w ith the first clhange of wind, but after these arrivals it will be soine time before we receive further supplies. * The quantity likely to be delivered off to-morrow sn t ment of January contracts is variously stated, but we l)elieveit-will notexceed 5,000 casks, atmost, the greater part of w-hich will, we think, go into strong hands. To-day but lttle has been done. Our closing prices are :-o7s. 9d. to 6Ss. en the .spot; 67s. 9d. January to March; 68s. Febuary and M1arch; G3s. April to June,; G7s. is accepted for old Y.C. on the spot; G65s. 6d. for beef Australian; 6Ss. Gd. for sheep; B9a, for South American; 65s. Gd. for town tallow, net cash. ___
THE young ian, about 27 yeals of -3ge, descended froma noble family, after six months' service m the Invernesashire Militia; has been made Colonel of that: regiment! He neversmeltpowdereiceptinsport onthehills, with pointers underhis command. There is nothing in his past history to show that he possesses a xartisispirit, thirsting for glory at the cannon's mouth; nor, so far as we are ;aware, has ne ever giyen evidence of any remiark-able accomjdishments, or anything to make him conspiceous amothe -yonng nobilityof Scotland.: H16w, then, it maybe as0ked, has hebeen promoted overtheheadsof hisbrother officers.in the regiment? Sir A.- Gordon Cununig is Major, and if a vacancy. inthe colonelcy ocenrred he was the right man for the place. He has had -13 years' service in the 71st Regisnent of Foot - and 4th Dragoons as a recommendation. He was five years iin Canada at the time of the rebelIipn, and was officially reported as an "efficient officer." Supposing Miajor Cnmming to have,been passed ove, there -was, next, Captain James Duff; late of the 74th Regiment, with 12 yeas' service in Canada, aind who; besides this, saw .a very great deal of hard ighting among the Caff-es in -oouthern Africa. No officer in a m tiliia regiment could , Pave takenmoretroubletoputit ina propr state of disci- U thnCa tain Duff has-tak-en with the Livernesasshire Mlltla. Besidestheie-twro6ffiblers, whose senrices gave themx the fstelaini, theirewasthe-Hon. J.mesGrant, lIteofthe42d Xegnmeut, who also ,hould have c,ome-,in for proniotion before a mere striplin~r with.no experience wvhatever of a mii-t tary life, and, in otier r ectis, possessin no claim topromotion 6ver the heads o senior and experienced officers.- How has this.young m" been-promoted. so. greatly out of -Ids turn 1 He has the&gooafortun' to be t1 sonof a HghJlana ain!, Aend wat in this vzNe is still more fortfiate, lord LovatPi Wfather, is IDrdzLieutewint of Invernae4qhire,.- £x4Iithe ;pio*er. to apn'it a- coloriel to oh regimientc Lord. I?Anmnee, as Kecretmx -v at War,-'has no Fhing' to -do 'in ,thezqAtter;.- MI he,cafdo:is tedoolcon anad frown. - Lord -Loyat represents .the, Hoilpe Guards-in this district, inOvrtue - fben ' ,i an To-vpenes ai; office td whch -he, "o,Wag pointed-ehV-of-his tuna .> rd Glielg a hig shuldhave Obtained that office.- Ho .Was Ia man -oir'ability, and r&dered- good service ta. c-^we teibou.rite Adiniratih ButLord LoCat' ad -interest r-in- -high .qiAarters, ~n~di thepo lJoer with which he ihve~oi~a~p~4niin' one 'of' the' mnost barehE&d acti-of -ljsi~oad eevn fiesthat -coudd .- 'ave-occutiredin- an raglm~nt L.,erhsneot-honodr,e-his- P l:JilaA.dressied. nnmiitawdx Iac, wlch_is i inolclrer rai_ide~drlsi6n finStead of Lrie4c PaeloeI'Scnin able, buf- foUy- cannot be- respected, even. among 'British geers. ~ 'lad cainit,i te -naur ofC thmns, *itsii., xioitl4'gse 1i6atF '{ig be§paeof Msiiew iil L iW~t iytb~nlWk,effici.eneyj thoe4ptef -usOne poin;~ ~.*an~Jtisidulg.entita~herhasmado_Jim the laugh'. gs ''k0o v. wh"ol'd' rekfiment1h WVhat~-can-Major"10ummmi g C!~apiain 'IiforA)a,pta.a Gant-thinakof terclnl.V1act t Me no-qotns n offices and privates tb of0 hiram"I andSrat i'illthe ounti' thiik f a 'OhOf-Wh~h aiyHl2
IJ. . I H REVBN1TE. --The following is an abitract of the net produ3e of the Revenite of thle united kingdom, ia the undermentioned peridds, ended Docember:31, 18b5, compared with the corresponding perioda of the precoding year:- III An Accormt showing tlieNetRevenueaend othierPeceipts Of thle Quarter ended Dee 31, 1S5, the Application of the saume, and the -Charge of thxe Consoliated. Fuind for the said Quarter, together with the Surplus or Deficiency upon such Clharn
THE CRYSTAL PALACE COAMPANY. TO THE EDITOR OP THE TIDMS. Sir,-As one of the members of the late conmmittee I hare perused with much interest your remarks invour paper of the 25-th inst., and the extracts from the directors' circular, the contents of w-hich I greatly. regret, as they are not calculated to limprore tbe concems. I am xiot an apologist for Mr. Fuller; but, if he lias done all the circular imputes to Iins, I and the rest of the shareholders lire not bexnefited by the disclosure. I care little for the cause of the depreciation of the shares if the discovery does not improve the dividend or the future conduct of the undertaki-g. The statements as to the earnings of the Palace are really puerile; the concern has virtually had the benefit of two years, as thePalace and grounds are essentily a season resort.- - As to the vario-as subjects mentioned in the letter, the are, save one, like all the previous proceedings of the boar exhibiting a desire to do something, but with so little selfreliance nothing is actually done. The subject I have excepted is that of exchange of shares for life tickets. I can scarcely believe that I read the letter As a member-of the late commcittee I attended its meetings. The cmnmittee were emjmwered by the shareholders to confer withthe director. Conferences did tale place, but- during the latter sittings they wer conductedas follows :-The committee sat in one room and the directors in another, and members of the committee attended the directors intheir room. To theseconferences Iwas not admitted, nor was Mr. Fuller; yet, notwithstanding these exclusive c on sullltations, the comymittec and, It ynesiume, tehte die cltos,v agreed to recommend an issue of e-ticket, for money psZiscicahity of issuing ietbes h h eomns ti6n was wiathdrawn I must leav e the dir-ectors to explain I can'hardly address ybu without stating that I dissented from the views -of the directors and the othermembers of thecommitteewho think-with them, not from any feeling ofhostility tothe reseit board, but purely upon certain questions which, if they had been deliberated upon entirely free from party motives, the labouns f this committee, woudave beenmostisefuLh II urged before the committee -and alsocthe directors thc necessity of havingthe accounits thoroughlyinvestigated by an accountant of standing; aLs the shareholderswould not be satisfied without somesuch guarantee. flad this been iacceded to' and had we carried out the express object'of a shareholders! committee, the present wra:nalink, to which: I amn noparty, would not have existed. I attiibtt the Iesent difalulti sftothefialsb'apoai tionthe directors have.tplaced themselves in by refusing a proper examination of the acodnts, as I am perfectly satisfiedthe agentewseu of- thecommaittee -who undertook this duty (althsugh vWith the: best intentions) were not competent, as subsequent differences between themselves clearly roved. . 1 As the directors have taken high grounds in refusing the large number of'shareholders who advocate certain chages for future; iiauiagem ent tlhi right to be represented at the boArd, and astheyhaveobjected to aproperesaminationof -the accounts, forthesereasons Isubmitthat the shareholders have a perfedt right to compilamn of the, present state of affiB,rs and, as one of the larges-shareholders in the company,i l claim the same credit asgthe chairni±, of being perfectl free from the-char'es, of ayspeculative operations to which hie refersin his lettcr fo the 'sharcholders.- -- .- . I-snqSfr,yourdobediently, ift. *-il r-KLU. - Ib, TesmV-street west,, - r - Dea. 29.1 t .. tWe can insert no more lett2fs on-this sibiect except as advetetens.] - . . I I
- --- --THE COI? 'DE. MAI|K-IANE, Alab-DAY AnxsoOQh, DEc. 31. Our supplies of native grain last week were all scanrr1, but there were liberal arivals of foreign wheat, flour, beans and linsoed i I - Tho quantity of English wheat vas 5,372 quartcrs, of foreign 20,683 quarters, 13,00Dquarters being froxiAmerica. the remainder from the PeDinsula, India, and LIeghorn. The exports vwere 1,847 quartrs. The 3norsingks supply fom Essex and Kent was smali, upon the overlefi! samples of lat week, and sales -were quite of a retail character, at a reduction of Is. to 2s. per quarter, with the bulk undispDsed of at a late hour. . I In foreign only a limited trade'passmng, for aidmixture with English, at f6rm.b rates. 1 Of flour there were 10,88 -seks from the country, -withs 7,394 sacks and 33,518 barrel of foreign, elheny fronm America and Spain. Town-made samples were reduced 3r. per sack. American barrels sold at ls. to 2s. less. Tho top price of Xorfolks became 51s. to 57s.,-Spanish 6ls. Barley exclusively English was short-viz., 3,403qnarterss. Sales were slow, at a reduction of 2s. per qnarter on a7l kinds. M-alt also receded in value Is. per quarter. The whole supply ofoats was 8,571 quarters, 1,500 only being foreign, the remainder Irish anud British in.iqual pro. portions. Notwithtmnding the limited show of samplesr, the business done was in buyers! favour-say, about ad per quarter. Foreign beans amounted to 7,270, nearly rll Egyptian. English were only 357. The w-hole supply of peas was limited to 520 quarters English. English beans and ho; peas were 2s. per quarter cheaper; white boilers fell 4s. per quarter. ILnseed from India was in plenty-viz, 13,220 quarters, with 30 quarters from Alexandria. Most of the suppl,being previously sold, the market was flrm, both for seed and cakes. Canarysced dull sao and cheaper, with large stocks OIL hand. Cloversesd is firmly held. In hemp,eed, rapeseed, and other seeds little doing, at unaltered rates. TotalQuatity of all other kinds of romie adGan Talts IT.8 Rpse .1. Ilused ui 1,54I MOstlaredsee * S CURlIENT 'PRCES OF BRItTISH GRAIN AN%D FLOURt DC MYARK-LA2la Shillng per quarter Wheat-Essex and Kent, whi'te, old . ..79 to 88 extra 90 to 92 Dlitto.new.. 63 -82 Ditto, red, ld 7* 7- 80 81-8 Ditto,new * 60 -76 - Norfolk. LinoDInshre, adYrsie reil. old ~ 73- 84 9 Dito nw. 60 -74 - flrley-Mzating, new . 5- a) Cebvalier 37 - It Distilling * 35 -3T Grindin; . I 1- 34 Malt- Essex, Norfollt and Suffolkl . 74 -76 --82 =ngso, Ware, and to sr~l .75 - 7 -83. 69-3 Bittool , 3- 35 Ditto. blak * 23 -25 --2 Means-Maaa -3 839. Harrow * 40~~~~~36- 46 Pigeon * ~~~~~~~~~40- 4et Plea- VIie eirs* 4 -511. MIaple 40 - 4i Grjy.. ~~~~~~40 - 41 Ditto, coontey * 58 -6CA Norfolk and Suffolk. ex sbip..' . 56 - FOREIGN GRAMN. Wheat-Dantak inixnt ~ ~ ShM!lngs per quarter. Whea-Danir,mixe n o 91Nghmixed - - 92est.-to 91' Ktonigsberg: 84 -86 - - -90 92' Rosoc. Lw 82 -86 dna - 09 no American. white 8 - 90 red - - 0- 83 Power.. Meckb., and UceKereni. - St Cat 85 82t FAl"n.red..81- 83 s-hite .. 5L -81 Dais &Eolben74 -8 - D so 84S Odessa, St. Peters- Ba & -GT gta 75 -77 fins 7. 9 - 8i Oats- Dutch, birew, and Folands ds 3 Ditto. feed W -~2 29 Danish and Swedis feedZ -3 Sitrahsund .. .. .29 -31 Beaus- eicealand and Ho lsteinn 421 44 Ktonigssberg. 422 45 Egaptian ~~~~~~~29- 40 Peas- Feedin; * ~~~~~59 405 Yellow * 41 -49 floor- s!oanish. per sacs 63 -5G ~zecu o.perbarrel . 39 40 Ditto, sweet, ditto * £: : 4 -4 BRPTIH SEEDS. s.d. s.d. Tarea. winter,.per basel . 6 6to169 Coriander. eercwt. ..* : : :20 -21 Caraway, per cwt., mew D CZ-nasyr . e q r C -e. Linsed, per qr.. crusing St1'8 UAcakesper too * Izn £13-5 Rapeseed. per qr.. new 0 - 911 Cake, per ton * 710t83Hempoe& ;~ FOREIGN SEEMS, diC. Hmee.prqr r .-all58 Coriander, per wet * ~~~35 - 25 Caraway * ~~~~~~~~~~~~42-46 Linee, pr r.-Bte. 75 - 73 Bombay .: :: - S0 - 85 Cake, perton .. £71o0£8- GRAIITHA3L Dxc. 29. At our Exvchange-ball to-day the supply of wheat was'scnt ad the demand.slaek,4 at adeehins of is. per quarter. Barley of all deacip tious Is. per quarter cheaper, and all other kinuds of sp.-ng corn vewr duIll What ew wie, per 36 stone. . 78 to 8s Ditt=.ditto.r . . 74- 79 Bastey. mnalting, per inaperial quarter 37- 42 Gats, new, per 24 stone . .28 -312 Dhanns,nevw,per l8stone. . . -. 4
METBOPOLITAN CATTLE-MARKE, D. 3L Theseate oftrdeto ywss1e'lm,ctedybdsk for everytingn, anr Prices geneally improved. The casoe 91 tbis chango in the mxarket was the snrallnese of the supples of meat. Of beet the supply was below 3,ODD head of be ta;a n, Y etail Christras demand proved good, so as to pretty well 'lear tmrhebotchers of sto, purhases were made to-day with increesed afnimatio, at S advance of 3dL Per stone mn 3ies. Scotch beasts made75s 2d. per stone. ndaaxhrez beastsxcaiizedpzoportisned quotaticos. esupply comprised only 12,00 head of soeep. for al C hrlsagood active sale -was experienced at ery inam quotationsSooth Down, Ss. 2d polled siheeP. 4s. Caltes sold off quickldyat veiy ulprices, a diromet ifth an exceedingly good inouiry at the c Orrentt e t ts' Statement of P.rices and Supply of Catt.le at 2,akt.
LOST, about a fortnights rsincc, ca P3UNCH of KEYS ru: ,~ ~ ~ ~ I 14Obeotm l tkecirh-street. Arsyun tiigte o24, RtoDt-1,'ne, wiltls REWA,1RDED. N,-11OPL'RlJYIAr( 13t?i1teS,-'o (JomnsItt-ee A"f Anlo-reriTian onidholderzs beg to iiiform their cousitituenlts zaghnttpjraeo -entered a PRMW,lST and cauecdrcoplee- theareof to be t.Senor itvecro. tho Mliniter,au to' i',car Anthony Gibiso Illnd,~o3 the Fis.-ancial agent& or Porn to th efec tht onl 'With the request ODt Senor Riveco that the Bonas be sent iua to bistarurcd with the increased Sinking Fund, shall not bi Co trued into a RICU"JtD Tito2tTO?i, CbairmanS (ld Sy7an-WhAtt, Dt,&. 31. 1833. OlilORUGUESRDVDN.Th HAF MEARLY 3DIVfDEltg which becorneg due on the Ist ol ea.nnarr-y 185, Orn the- lfewThuee Per C,!nt Bond,s of I853 will be PAID oneatat diy, and eey" tollownng Tuesday sand FridaY, betwcecalt and 20Oclock. The coupons to lie left for examination eight daYs orevi003 to the )aynient, to cOlntene. on Nonday, the 24+h Isit.* andf erery succeed- la Monda anid Thursday. bctwen the game heers. The dividend for the hAne half-yuoar on all other uneOnyoretd B-ondS 'nd on thedeeolae Wias ha pIW&on the bove days, at the late of thseo percent. Perannum. , Lainjulyinct. -CetupsIss due treriO¶iS to the 13atOf Janna- IPPI cAnnot be recatrod tortbeweeahe90h ist.andtheFit of aid Jiaunuary. FIb be ~ 0 (1. X Do Bui-oI, Finl calAgnt WV-li a it ~knovyn trTwas inicecasl to S per cent, on the Four-and-a-Half Per Cent, Bond.;s,m luSo 3 per cret. cea the Three per Cent. Bonds, the respective Interest on theo redemption bdinfaccumudative; and that this congr&ion in favourof tIos~ formikltBonds having been. fully, iperored and ratilied. T. FitLtCiacLe tle ttiveeo, Minister Ecesitent of PerUa at this Court, being inrOteitc with full axwd vceegen powers, anid acting inz nscoxsdanco with the enters And irstructions have received for such frrp,omfen the Supreeme Government of rerm, hereby givo notice, Vtiest"n the eclaratiou aforesaid. bY virtne of whichi the Sinking Fund has been iucrca&-d lathe Amgle Pernsiann Bo ofd5er t. to Spercent., and en tlh B-3ndsol 3pereenk to 3percent, theTnM~te=nti bth otocks~ b6ing, accioniulative in the redemp tion. in to he henceforth considered as an ald:itonat clanso, and to ?he rwt of the other clauses contmedt in the coniltrat printed in otrhe body of the B3onds, and is to be 3ebj.ct to thie Eati socuriiciesand guarantees therein mentioned, until the redeniption of the s-!id debta be cmmpleted. And by special ord,a~r of my Guvemnmsnt I herehy ratify and make* knowni this my dreeardtion. *hich is to he stamoped at the back of the Bonds. toZethor writh the seal of this Lasgation. Lonidou. Dc~ . I&Z85. I FIMANCISCO, DEi RIVFRO. -In virtns3 of thle delaration this day miade by mne. the holders of tIseONDSwil be esse te'ItEENNthem at tho offlce of the Financial Agents, Me-zMr Ansty. Gibbs and Sons, 15 BishoPFgate%tree. ssitlshi. for the Vnepeseof having their declaration stolmped thereon. togethecr With the seel Of this Legation. Mtnst epeented betwecen the houmofladolee n within the peledof Oono nar'nth. London. 2ee. I&Z85. FRANCISCO DRRIEO. A AIATEU1t THEATRICALS. - ,Roy Sholi -rk-h.-Atre. Deawa-troet5 Oxford strce Th-iss eleganut PLACE of 5tTlf'T has b(een re-decorated ins mrost costly style, and st he R1. rlitl OtOtscwio n vry odrae tens.Apply toMr. Shsielcy, at the'Theatre, who peeares pop ls for ahe sta,gs. THEATRE ROYAL, DRURY-LANE.--Lescel St,inc riuesngsr. Mr. Robe.- Rexby.-Thebox-otlico open daily, genesi till b ocloclc undee the uPerinteadenco of ir. Edward. Chatterton.- The reduceA jseicesaltthis Cheatre -are so follow :-Peivlate boxes to hold two parsons, Ilk. 6d, ?(s,for each insn extra); on tbo grand ties'. one guinea' . roowenirsn and stae bxes, . £2 I.; galleries, Sd. and Is.: ieit. 2s. uipper boxeG, is. il.; ilset cirrcl I-s. 6d. : dress eCrle, ALc-sieniL performance To-msorrow, January Z, and every Wedunre,iny.,.t 2 0'cle.-Mlr. Cliarles lklat heNrs in TWO -Piecs ThulS1 'lVENING th ef.nseswl oeee ihteinteriede of TUVI. G IT ON. hi' Wahnton Petts, Mtr. C. Matvhews- r Jobstece, 'Mr. A. Yonsge: Mr. Tittlebat, Mlr. If. B3utler; Mfrs. Job-~ stock, Mr:s. Seller; Fanny: Miss M. Oliver; Lucy. Mss3 Wadham. Aft, r wh,ik?i trill be proiuced an entimely nlew comi!c sketch, THIE GRrAT GUN' TRLICK. in rihich the Original WVizard of the LyceumI will nzhibit h:s baortynp,my tricks. sisisted by Mleews J. eers (his secndap"seeicinthi lne),Tilbury-.Templeto-n.andlMIWneWadhans T. cencloato with the grand comic Chsri&.rueas pantomime., byE. L. Blanchard, Esq.. which for masny weceis past has engaged the cxtenisise and unrivnalled resomwvs of this establishment.asntI which close aprears tissler the Additional. traditional, andI PeCuliarlymsg' gestive title of ItEl! DIDDLE DIDDLE; or. Harleq~uin Kirg Wonsciise 2nd the Seyen Ages of Man. The scenery. entirely new, painted by and( tindter the superintendene of 74r. William Dewency and arvistants'Teto eeii.u ieoVrsniadhr ul the two Cossnibin. Maame Iloleno and Ma:,rie Charles; the two paialeor,Pess Pue and DeuisU Johnson: the two Speites~, teIeterElithe het- lws ar eeeandTom Mtatthews. Prinipa d.nee. iissResns eigt, ssitedby MOdlles. Therese, THEATRE OYL COVENT-GAIRDEN.- TLesee for the- Ciscit=3s Pantomime,. M1r. J. HI. Anderson.- Imimeireo suscese. of the G reat Psa:teoins of the Ficld of tile Cloth of Gold. -Triuoph of the Real Clown Flemunore.-Ida;icand Mystery in its Yerr -Air.ngenmsnt mnore Attractive than Ericr.-TO-NIGiFT (Tumlday', January-. nest duei, the week the performsanee %vill comene wthitAGI ae)MYbEIY.by Professor ANDERISON. thsetires'0,WiT3yL1Of the North. To enisluide with tkcgrand, nationa,.l, hust;orseil, anu- -chivalric p antomiume. which has been so lOng in )eOVaatOn .n on the I,cesltiction of which so large an exPensebas been incurred. of YE BELLE ALLIANCE.; or Ifrlerquin G-ood Huenlour anw Ye Fields of ye Gtoth of Golde being a legend of the Mcet:2ny of ihe lop_%reh&, Scene a, The &avers of the Gnome Britauncnts in Soubtenrancannnsia. Brifanxicts, Mry. John WNville. Scene 2.~ Tuec Land's. End. Osenwall. wvith the Car of the Dragons;. C,,Qe1Ifi6ir.or Miss H{arriet Gordiou. Sce,ne I. The Deck of theo Great Uarry. four-decker, 122 guns (theo first Enlsh Man-of-War); Hfenry VIII, M. le Fears=n:CoDmmander o ct-c Great Harry,M.1) Stewnert. Scene - h oneior of the Chateau of FMcsL between Gruines and Ardennes; Francis L, Mir. NV. Shalders; Lo Siee do IFr=ns'oiay. Mr. H. Caroris Scene S. The Field of the Cloth of Gold, including a Grand Pas do Itosecre, by Miss Emma Homne and corjps do ballet Scelne &. Grand Corridor in the Chateau, loading to the Bedtchazaber of theM~onarchs. Scene 7.The Outride of londetto's Farm, Blondztte. 'Misi LEnsu, home ; Coquoecctie MNr. C. Bro,n. Scene S. The AbodaOf the Fairy QIIenin the Golden Groves of Good liumour (bv Mr. William Beericry? ; the Fairy Ouccen, PIe IE5~ . Thornc. General Transfrrisation-Ign ee,uin, Mr. C. Brvown - Pan.taloon, W. A, Barnes Itise Transatlantic pantonsusnit Columbme, Miss Emmna Home; Clown, the great 1.I'sxmo. The Apotheosis of Ye Belle Ailani (dsinedIiy,LGern) nglnd ndFrance-bfoumcers at oneAltr, 'idoeson neThrne.TheCornatonwith the Cororets of Vaery y th Genus o Vicory oom -sen athll-spast 6, eosnmenc at7. he sulfe i~ ow per, u4srthedirection of Mr. T HEATRE -AL H AY 1 MALRKET. -T R Ie -LEVENING (Tneelrsy). %adsiTo-morrow tWedneedaL,Golbonith's coruedy Of SHE. STOOPS To COxQU.- Afiter which, the new comns eZautonnrue. with tiie, scener by (hltotlect etitled THE BUT PFW ALL AND T~HE G(I HO?PPLILS FEAST; or, Haeleq ui and the Gen'hus of Spring. Thursday and Friday The 33azybody and the Pantoncime. Satursay7 will be revived The seaur Stratagem; After which, thec Pantosmime, w-hich will ooncludo every e .euithis wekat a qsarter pastil., Box-office open dally from 10 tinllS. Ji'O dm1 Morning Performnance of the Pantomime will take Placo on Thursday. Jan. 3--doom; open at hcall-peat I, commtence at 2, and conielsute by4 precisely. ]R OYAL PRINCETs' THEATRE.-TO-NIGHT TA, ITnoatoy). and osi Saturday, THE COESICAN BROTSIER-'t: TmorwIWednesday. Louis XL. Tbnuad.sy, Every One Has Wis Fault; andthe I?Athltensita o,"ry evening. THE OiNLY EQUESTRIAN PANTOMIME in TLOndon ats ASTLET'S ROYAL AMPHrITHEATRE. Thiree Heroe Grand Mooning Performances :-Saturday next. Jan. 5; Satur. day. Jan. 12 ; and Sptuss-dy. Jan. 19-earls commencing at 2 OWOclk. TVHEATRE ROY:AL, ADE,LPHI.Proprietor and Wr.tt n ooPice Eer i iht-TISEVNIG,MOTHER Agai Ja't 515Rareclin ilartm Ceest; Mther Goose and C PSmih errt, r.Lo% M~r. . Tlnsy. Domstct Eonmy TEa -VIIG TRY2< ITON TTHEATRr, RYAL. D0VEiTY-LARD1. Lee.see, Isle. E. T. Anesmit. s M THIS E1AIO ndZG BTYTRYIN IT bylONe. nds TO coneluade wita YEY DIDLE DLIADLE; or. Harlequin Kind liurourans nd the SleIdeni Ageso of Mand. THMATRE ROYAL, COVENTPADE. Lessee, Mr. P. Ir . AnrdrersoadnleClse theS94NIN CMb rest enteado theT ANorth.I Shi& cOncueW'S YEUP BELLE,O A.LLNe; oih Ar. HANqDa ToIM =4 H uAlt ri.eUr xqi and ye Med ~ eCother o Goo e atd,Api TItHEATRE ROYAL,~ HADLERR~ELL. Under the Management of 'Mr. BuelIsn. .VENICtE.CbyMetora.cbhI nendal Regeps,VYllliers,Hows,P.dCobinsn, Miset sTut aenods L rew g Poynte, andsm Mbiies A, Viobsy. t F Tracencnewtm H BoocueiJthH.REE UIYSBALAN,D THESIN GRASS- -ROYAL SURICSS' THE&THRE Unir the ranagemhentdo and. Carh eswi.k TEils EVEtNING will be pcesented THE ORA BROVTHEGIS. To onE-ude ANDt TH PrlIDC AD TPEA GPLE; or, Taheun Faid ATLEATRE ROYAL AMP ETLMTRI. rO Letor,a r. H Woaneer; DM-nes. Maam Coo elet THISssn'NLFNXG wlil be presenated OMWOTHRO D GIr,TrrllED HOWS OU UCLt1Tococldewih AC AoocldND Th Ns, Strl'Ing. AND aT nEwOaRyE exraagn) THE DRA 22zCr, UI &"eatn. Temnion. lske Stephr end ,A, o mec a ps? - TO CORRESPONDIENTS. ftr readers are requested to observe that the e eof l'he Z12mes is reduced to 4d., and that 53d. is ihe price of a copy with the impressed stanp atlied. 'Under the amendedc regulations of the Posv-office -(No. 60) The Ti2nes is transmissible by post to Britisli colonies and foreigu countries without'au imprmessed stamp. 3M3 notice can be taken of anonymos commications. Whatever is intended for in=ertion must be anthenticated I6 the tnme and address of the sriter; not necessarily r p?tibliiftion, btit gs a gut raintee of his good faith. a cannot snder- ae to return retected communications. 31P Te publientiowof Tatrsaees toe nsen cd at 5 O'clock yesteray momin~ and inished at 15 rinutm past 1. :
LONVOO, TUESD4Y, JANUAY 1, 1 .3 Dark ildeed And discouraging were the p1os2}s of the nation at the begi ing of the year uch we have just concluded. We had been nine months at war. We had entered upon the struggle Nit of the glorious memories of the last five years dsour late contest with France, and in deep forgetN iess of the long couuse of mistakes and disaters vneh precded them. We had won two -great battles, but generalship had nothing to do with Them, foi' 'in thcfirst we ialked dired'tlyrtoftlie' snare which had'been prepared for us, and 'in the second we laid open the most vulnerable6point- ofour army, so as to offer to our enemy an irresistible temaptation to an all but irresistible attack. Together. with misgivings as to generalship we were just beginning to entertain other doubts. - ' Together with the letters of our correspondent, thick and fast carne the news of that neglect, disorder, and incapacity under -wliich our army was perislhing before we, and possibly before its own General, were truly apprised of its danger. Day by day the truth became better known, till towards the end of' the dreary month of January we awoke to the conviction that our men were overtasked from want of calculation, and underfed from want of foresight,-that Balaldava was a cemetery and Scutari a pesthouse. The nation was. fearfully excited, and in the midst of that excitement Parliament reassenbled. Notice was given of a committee of investigation, and as soon as that notice was given Lord JoHNi RussisL. fled from. the impending storm, leaving his colleagues to shift for themselves as be'st they could. The nmotion was carried, and brought with it the first great event of the year-the dissolution of the Coalition Ministry, just two years after its completion. Looking at it with the knowledge we have since gained of its constituent parts, we can only wonder how it came to pass that it lasted so long. With the leadership of the House of Commons in the hands of a statesman so slightly united to his colagues, with so strong a Peace Pasty engaged in carrying on the war, its destruction at no distant period could not have been doubtful. WVe need not here recapitulate the unsuccessfil attempts of Lord DERuy and Lord Joux RusSELL. to form a Government, or how the task of filling up the offices of state was at last acconmplished by Lord PALnrnSrON, in whom the nation, guided by an unerring instinct, reposed its confidence at a time when no one seenied left to confide in. The iirst two months of the year wore away in England in this protracted Ministerial crisis, and in the Crimea witnessed the destruction of those old and well-disciplined troops whose loss we are now striving to replace. The first days of March startled Europe by the intelligence that the cause and moving spirit of the sanguinary contest then about to recommence was no more. His spirit stung to the quick by the reverses that had tainished the glories of his armss; his nmind shattered by the conflict of pride and shame, selfwill, and despair; his gigantic frame enfeebled by incessant application and imprudent exposure to the cold of a Polar vinter,-the Emperor 1NcuoLAs sank under tho news of the repulse of his attack upon Eupatoria, and the seventh part of the globe received a newr m.aster. Thirty years of prosperity had been effaced by a single year of adversity, and the most powerful and successful Prince of his age clied of a broken heart. The first impression that this event produced on the public mind was an expectation of peace, founded on the nilder and less ambitious character of the E-mperor AnLmANDr:r;; the second was a conviction that peace was further off than ever. Concessions that an old and successful Sovereign might have ventured to make could not be offered without peril by his successor, and it was therefore without surprise that Europe found the new CZAR pledging himself to walk in the steps of PETERr, of CATMMINF, land of NICHOtAS. The sincerity of these professions was speedily put to the test. At the end of the month of l Iiirch a Congress assembled at Vienna to deliberate on the four bases of negotiation, already accepted by Russia, when it soon appeared that, altliough Russia had promised to put an end to her supremacy in the Black Sea, nothing v-as further from her intention than to put that promise into execution. It was at this Congress that Lord JOHN RuSsELL, who had rejoined the colleagues he had deserted, and accepted the office of envoy to Vienna as well as that of Secretary of State for the Colonies, gave a favourable car to propositions made by Austhia which were not wvithin the scope of his powers, which had not been assented to by Russia, and which assuredly wouild not have been assented to by the Government or people whose envoy he was. The negotiation was not persisted in on this basis, and in an unhappy moment for his own reputation Lord JoBx RussELL, in addressing the House of Commons on the subject of his mission, suppressed all notice of the terms to which he had been willing to accede. Detection and exposuire followed, and Lord ToHs RUsSrLL was driven from an office which he had not held six months by the almost unanimous reprobation of his former friends and supporters. In the meanwhile the war in the Crimea had recommenced in good earrest. A bombardment took place in April, without producing slfficient effect to warrant an assault; the besieged in their turn became besiegers, and, instead of retiring fronm our fire, threw up fresh works, which brought therm continually nearer to our lines. When the House of Commaons adjourned for the Whitsuntide recess, in the middle of a debate on the war, nothing could be more gloomy than our prospects, but during that brief recess news arrived which greatly altered the aspect of affairs. The allies had forced the Straits of Yenikale, taken Kertch, and spread terror and devastation along tle. coasts of the Sea of Azoff, destroying enormous stores of com, of fish, and of hay. Possibly this success, considerable enough in itself, was at the time overrated. At any rate, it came to. this country like the first beam of dawning day. Its effect on the House of Commons was mn=ifest and immediate. The great debate on the war terminated prosperously for Ainisters, and the authority of Lord PAMsxSTON's Government was from that moment firmly established. The capture of the Mamelon and the Rifle Pits on the 7th of June followed, and the nation began to believe that it was about to reap the fruit of all its labours and all its sacrifices, when the disastrous repulse of the 18th of June followed, and was almost iminediately succeeded by the unexpected death of Lord RAGoLs. However little there might be in his career of the shining talents of a General or the providence and foresight of a great administator, the country felt that he had worthily closed in her service a life which he had always been ready to lay down on the field of battle, -and that his errors and disasters were to be attributed rather to those who sent him to fulfil dLuties for which neither his time of life nor his previous experience fittedhiiathan- to any faults which could be properly called his own. The regret for Lord* RAGLAUN was increased by the choice of his successor, to wvhose lamentable incompetence we owe regrets that poison the joy of triumph, and force us to regard a most substantial victory with little more complacency than a decided reverse. Still the siege advanced; the French drove, their approaches every day nearer and nearer to the walls, and the Englih made some progress, but not such as enabled them on the 8th of September to shorten by a single yard the distance that divided them, from the- Redan. -The fire became every day more teirnblb and more effebtive, and had destroyed, one by one, Xoxiznyr, IsTOma n3, and NAcannorr, the victors, or rather executioners, of Sinope. - The Russian commainder saw that the place he had so obstinately defended would in a short time be no longer tenable, and began with admirable cooluess and forethought to prepare a bridge for the evaouation which Ji maw impeiiding. Yet before the city bowed totits fate he -determixinred to 'ina; one desperate eoTt for its relief, and attacked the French and Sardinian lines on the banks of the Tchernaya inm great force and with the most deterniined, resolution. The signal repulse of that attack left him no other choice but tonawait his fate; nor was he destined to await it long. On the 8th of September, after a furious bombardment of three days, the allies asssulted tlhe towni in five places, and, though repulsed in four, the assault of the French attack on 'tHe Malakhoff completely succeeded. The Russians withdrew across the bridge, leaving their vwounded, the town, - their stores, and their artillery in the hands of the allies. The victory -was g,reat and sigual; it saved the lionour of the allies, it destroyed the Russian: fleet, materially reduced the force and cowed the spirit of the Russian armies, and produced a moral effect all over the world of which we can hardly yet e6timate the results. Nor was it bought at a higher price than ive must ex-ect to pay for sucll successes over a brave and resolute foe. But Englishmen felt, and felt justly, that by leaving to them the attack of the Redan, to be made from the very same trench as the unsuccessful assault of the 18th of Jume, and giving to the French exeltsively the attack on the Malakhoff, which was witlin 15 yards of their trenches, they were deprived of the glory, while compelled to share heavily the loss, of the day. It would have been only reasonable that the clhances of success and of failure should have been imipartially divided among the allies, and not that the one should have been sent to a highly probable success, the other to- almost certain repulse and defeat. On the 29th of this sa.ne month of September the Russians sustained before the walls of Kars the most sanguinary defeat that has been inflicted on them in a war whicl until the 28th of November was nothing but a succession of disasters. Bent upon retrieving the credit of the Russian anus, General MouAtvrEFF ventured a premature attack upon the half-starved garrison of Kars, wlhich ended in total defeat, and inspired the besieged with an unfounded, though not umreasonable, hope of deliverance. Doubtless, they thoulght that a vast army, jiust delivered from the drudgery of the trenches, occupying an impregnable position, and confrontinig a beaten and dispirited enemy, might have spared something from its overwhelming force for the relief of inen who had fought as bravely and as successfully as themselves. They could Inot believe, till taught by bitter experience, that Mfinisters, Generals, and Ambassadors, with nmen, with transports, with stores at their disposal in boundless profusion, could leave a wvhole army and its victorious Generals to beg their lives from an enemy who had starved those he could not conquer. But it was even so, and on the 28th of November Kars surrendered, and the Turkish army of Anatolia ceased to exist. The occupation of Kinburn and the bombardment of Sweaborg make up the brief catalogue of naval successes for the year, and the perfidlious attack on the crew of the Cossack at Hango. is almost the only other naval event worth chronicling, except the sudden and unexpected death of Captain Lyoxs at the moment when the distinctions he had obtained pointed him out as one on whom the fairest hopes of the country rested. The land operations closed with the fall of Sebastopol, and the allied Generals,plungedin an inexplicablelethargy, suffered the Russians to recover from the treiiendouLs blow they had received, and to assunie an attitudemore menacing thani that which they ventured to asstuine while Sebastopol was yet standing. The diversion attempted by OAR PASnA at the foot of the Caucasuis, and the blundering operations of Adnmiral STXRTINCG in the North Pacific, complete the military events of the year. Ve have accomplished luch, yet not so much as seemed -at one time to be within our power, and the war has failed as yet to give us that great General whio011 we still hope to find, as we found one in our lltmost need in the last war. A deep distrust of our military system has taken possession of all minds, and, altlhough the inherent difficuilties of the investigation, together with a striking want of skill and method in those who conducted it, rendered the researches of the Sebastopol Committee far less full and satisfactory than the nation had expected, a feeling is abroad which will never be satisfied until the soldier be treated wvith the same liberality and faimess as other servants of the public. The absence of a military education among our officers, and their inferiority, as a class, to those of the semi-barbarous Power to which wve are opposed, are painful and humiliating to a nation not wont to yield to any foreign competitor, and the invidious plivileges attached to wealth, to birth, and to interest, which have recently been so publicly and so injudiciously paraded, are assuredly not destined long to survive the general condemnation of the people. The Adininistrative Reform Association sought to place itself at the head of a movement which should give effect to these sentiments, but partly from the unwillingness of the nation to embarrass our Government in time of war by a course of domestic agitation, and partly from the extreme indiscretion of some of its members in the House of Consmons, it fell into premature decay. The excitement of men's rainds has, however, not been wholly without its fruit, and the year will be remembered as the first in which the principle of ascertaining the fitness of candidates for public office by examination was fairly tested. The medicine has prodttced an effect far more violent than was anticipated. Instead of securing a better class of candidates, the examination has proved that it is impossible for the present corrupt system of patronage and the most leniently applied htest of qualification to coexist, and that we must either go back to the practice of nominating persons, however incapable, or forward to free and unrestricted competition.1 The year has been rendered maemorable by the visits of the Emperor of the Fnnxew and the King of SAP.DLN to London, and the expedition of Queen VICTORIA to Paris. In these events we trust that we see the best security for the sacrifice of ancient antipathies and for the firm resolution of England and France to dwell together, as beseems neighbouring States, in harmony, and to protect, by their joint action, the cause of justice and enlightenment wherever it msy be endangered. Of our own domestic affairs we have fortumately little to say. The metropolis was disgraced by a series of riots more discreditable to the police authorities than to the miserable urchins who took the lead in them, anrd London has for the first time received a system of self-government worthy, it maybe hoped, of the wealth and intelligence of the vast community for the first time trusted with the management of its own affairs; In taldng a general survey of a year which has added 1&,000, 0007. to our national debt, and exposed our troops to two bloody repulses, we cainot speak with unmixedpleasure, but it were unthankful not to admit that the good far exceeds the evil. Whatever be the losses and disappointments we have undergone, whateverthe reverses of ourarms, whatever the drains upon our Treasury, these evils have been as nothing compared with the tremendous visitation that has fallen on our subborn and overbearing enemy. While our trade has undergone no diminution, hers is almost completely annihlilated. If we have felt a little tightness in the money-market, the has been driven to supend specie paymentp, If we have increawed our debt by 16,000o0001., she would esteem it tle greatest good fortune to borrow half that Rum on the most unfavourable tcrms. If we have lost a few thousand. men, she has sacrificed whole hecatombs of thousands. If we do iiot recruit as fast as we would. wish' Russia has already drained the classes of men from which she can renew her armies. Despondency and terror, we are well assured, reign throughout her vast dominions; the present is grievous and the future terrible; and all the efforts of fanaticism and all the traditions of loyalty cannot prevent the war from becoming as unpopular as it is unjust. In England there is nothing more cheering than the manly and noble spirit of the people. There have not been wanting those who strove to persuade the masses that their blood -and their treasure were being sacrifioed for no adequate object, and that any concessions were better than perseverance in a war so unjust and so -unprofitable. But the clear instinct of Englishmen enabled them to see and feel that there was more at stake in the matter than their blind guides chose to admit, and to adhere to tho cause they had taken up with a steadiness and pertinacity which put to shame the vacillating counsellors who first involved us in war, and then told us that it was vain to contend with the manifest destiny that urged. Russia on to the conquest of the East. On that spirit we unhesitatingly rely, convinced from the successes we have already obtained, the augmented resources which we possess, and the unswerving resolution of a imanimous nation, that we have only to go on in the same career in order to terminate the war with the success wllich the justice of our cause and the purity of our motives deserve.
The return of the revenue for the quarter ending the last day of the year 1855 suggests some comparison with that very palmy state of finance in which we were basking but two or three years ago. At that time it was usual to affect a squeamish repugnance to what are called -war taxes, and, if the origin of a tax could be assigned to any tiue between A.D. 1'793 and 1815, it was enough to make it utterly unpalatable to a peaceful citizen. In successive discussions the Income-tax, the Paper Duty, the Glass Duties, and the Wtindow Duties, and some half-dozen others, were stigmatized as war taxes, which we had a right to protest against in the sacred name of peace. lWitlh the recollections of this golden age so recent, we cannot expect to reconmmiend the table before us to the taste of our readers. It is not an agreeable document by any means, and its least agreeable featiures are those which do not show at first sight. That so muchl more moniey shouild be raised from the income, from the necessary expendihlre, the industrial resources, and the comforts of the people, and squaudered in war, is itself not a matter for congratulation. But it is a far more serious affair that the money so raised is by no means sifficient, not half sufficient; at a rough guess not a quarter sufficient. Chancellors of the Exchequer would seem to be either the most credulous or the most plausible of men, for, hvliile one promised that we should pay for the war out of revenue, and another undertook to lay the expenses half on revenue and half upon loans, it is now manifest that any attempt at a satisfactory ratio between taxes and expenditure is wholly impossible, and w,e mlust revert to the rough and ready old -way of carrying on the war without regard to expense, and then paying as we find it convenient. The receipts on tlle quarter's Customs are less than those of the corresponding quarter last year by 315,5061. The decrease is on sugar, brandy, alnd other articles. The late rise fi the price of sugar, arising fron the previous excessive consumption, has doubtless contributed to this result. On the three quarters of the financial year there is an increase of 292,9381., principally on sugar, and also on tea aiid coffee, owing to additional rates of duty. It is, hewever, the old story over again. As has been the case wvith many a former budget, the inierease of duty has not produced so great an increase of revenue as was estimated. The national piuse does not stretch to the requirements of tlle Treasury, and the more the State levies the more the taxpayer retrenches. In the table before us, besides the comparison of quarter with quarter, and of the three quarters of the financial year with those of the corresponding quarters last year, there is the old comparison of year with year; and we have been supplied with some particulars as to the items of that comparison. Not to fatigue ouir readers, however, it may be enough to notice that in the Customs of the year 1855, compared with 1854, there is an inierease of 609,2831. On the quarter's Excise there is an increase of 53,1441., which is the balance between an increase of 190,0001. on malt, licenses, and paper, and a decrease in the receipts from the hop and spirit duties. Our readers need scarcely be reminded that the duty for the last very abundant crop of hops has not come into the Treasury. On the three quarters of the financial year the Excise shows an increase of 422,4071. This is the difference between an increase of 800,0001. in the malt duty and a decrease upon hops and other items, that upon hops alone being 180,0001. On the whole year 1855 the Excise shows an increase of 861,7713., of which the whole is on malt. In Stamps there is a decrease of 91,4001. on the quarter, and 139,8021. on the tlhree quarters, in both cases owing chiefly to the repeal of the stamp duty on newspapers. Assessed Taxes are apt to show no variations except frorn the greater or less activity of the eollectors. For this quarter, however, they exhibit a real increase of 52,7061., arising from improved assessments; while in the three quarters of the financial year the late reduction in the rates of duty has led to a decrease of 168,4011. But it is wlen we come to the Property and Income-tax that the wax shows its full, unmitigated pressure. Bere it is all solid increase, 100 per cent. on the old receiptsviz., 434,3531. on the quarter, 2,629,4771. on the three quarters of the financial year, and 6,517,5261. on the whole year 1855. This admits of no detail, and requires no explanation. In the Post-office the fluctuations are so generally accidental that little can be inferred froru a single return on the condition of the revenue. On the quarter there is an increase of 16,0381., while on the three quarters of the financial year there is a decrease of 159,9381., owing to the circumstance that the corresponding period last year included surplus balances in the hands of collectors called in. In the Crown Lands there is, as usual, nothing- to observe, and in the "Miscellaneous" items only the fact of some larger casual receipts than ordi-: nary. The'result of all these items of increase and decrease is, that the net increase on the quarter is 321,4t'5l.; on the thrie quarters of the financial year, 3,251,1741.; and on the year 1855, 8,133,3961. As everybody knows, war bills come in very slo'wly, and the statement before us of the net revenle and the application of the same gives but an inadequate idea of the burdens in prospect. One caninot help notici&g, however, that although in the quariter just ended the Treasury received in fall of the loan of 16,000,0001. the sum of 4,021,000., neverthele3s there is a deficiency of 3,879,Z501. to be met by Exchequer-bills in the ensuing quarter, against a corresponding deficiency of l,519,534L. on Januiy 1 1856. Nodoubtwe shall have to follow the example of our neighbours, and fathom the depth of the national resources for the prosecution of the war. With this prospect before us, it is reassuring to remember that we have -not yet approached, or anything like it, the t;aua-. tion or the expenditure of the last fwar. -,The resources of the country are unlimited, in coFAparison with Bunis drawn. from it within th6so two years. There may, indeed, be-new circumstances in the condition of the people that may put unexpected obstazles in the way of the Chancellor of the Exchequer, but these obstacles will not arise. from deficiency of means. On the contrary, the British people never werg. so wealthy as they are now-never E1o well ablr to carry on a great war without much interruption to public works and' internal improvements, and that agricultural and mercantile enterprise, to which, after all, we must look for the sinews of war.
COURT CfrCUZAR. WINDSOP, Dzc. 3L The Queen, with the Princesse3 Alice aud Helena walkcd in the Home Park this morning. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by Prince Ernest of Leiningen, went out shooting. Mr. P. G. Dodd had the honour of exhibiting to the Queen and his Royal Highness Prince Albert the inkst3nd intended for presentation by Her Majesty to the King of Siam. The Austrian M1inister arrived in town yesterday from the scat of Viscount Palmerston, Broadlsnds, Hants. The Sweedish and Norwegian Minister has returned to London from a visit to ViscountPalrerston, at Broadlands.
We are sorry to learn that Sir G. Grey met witlh an accident on Friday, while out with 31r. Morrell's foxhounlds in Berkshire. His horse fell, and Sir George, falling ivith him, broke the small bone of his ann jusst abore the wrist. We are glad to hear that the right hon. baronet is going on very favourably, though not yet able to leave loleshill, Lord Radnor's seat-Glob THE Um'vn'r" OF OLD Amrnzti' .-A commnittee appointed by a public meeting of the inhabitants of Aberdeen to promote a reform of the universities of the Old anid Newv Townv having forwarded a communicatioll on the subject to the Senatus of King's College, thlat body resolved, hyamajority of six to four, "That no scheme of uniting Ktin',s College and Mlarischal College is, in the opinion of the Senatus, calculated to remedy the acknowledged defects of these institutions, 'which is not based on a junction of all the faculties, including the Faculty of lrts; that, consequently, this Senatus deem it their duty to decline to entertain anly plan. of union not recognizing this principe." The minority, on the other hand, -were prepared tolook with favour on any scheme of union which would propose to brintg King's and Marischal Colleges under the jurisdiction of one university, but leave the two colleges in the possession of their separate and indeiendent rights as at present and wlhich would also recogniw the eleent of public control on the part of the graduatesin the manageseniit of the affairs of the university. The resolution, which was carried, cfihectually bars the way to university reform in the north for the present unless Government take up the subject, and legislate on it indepedently of both colleges TaE LATE IR. Tsoas Cunrrr.-. e record with sorrow the loss of a great builder and a good man-MIr. T. Cubitt, late of Thames-bank, and of Belgravia. Mr. Cubitt was born at Buxton, near Norwich, on tlbe 25th of February, 1788, and died at his house, Denbies, Dorking, on the 20th inst., so that he had not completed his 68th year. At an early age he was thrown upon his own resources, and early learnt to have trust in them. His great success through life may be traced to the possession of a clear mind, untiring energy, and unswerving integrity. At the death of his father, wvhen he was in his 19th year, he was working as a journeyman at the business of a carpenter. Thieimcertainty attending such a position made adeep and lasting impression on his mind, and stimulated into unceasisig exertion in order to obtain a niore independent position. He shortly afterwards, with a view to improve his eircunstauces, took one voyage to India and back as captain's joiner. On his return to London, then about 21 years of age, with the savings he had put by, he commeneed a small business in the metropolis as a carpenter. After about six years, appearances of success manifesting theraselves, he took a tract of ground from Lord Calthorpe in Gray's-inn-road, 'upon which hoecrected large w-orkshops and carried on a very considerable business. This establishment was afterwards relinquished to his brother, now 1r. Alderman Cubitt, who had been for many years associated with him. One of his earlier works while in the Gray's-inn-road was the London Institution, Moorfields, where he met and overcame great difficulties. About the yea^r 1824 be entered into engage ments wvith the Duke of Bedford and Lord Southampton for tracts of ground,on wiich Tavistock-sqro and Gordonsquare, with Woburn-place, and other streets around, now stand. Towards the close of the samc year and the begning of 18925 h engagedwith tho late MLarquis of Westnminster and Mr. Iowndes to cover large portions of the Five Fields and grounds adjacent. Of this engagement, Belgrivo-square, Lowndes-square, Chesham-place, and ether ranges of houses are the results. He subsequently engaged to cover the vast open district lying between Eaton-square and the Thames, now known as South Belgravia. He has also carried out similar extensive operations in Clapham, Kemp-town, Brighton, and other places. Shortly alter the commentement of these great undertalkngs a monetary anic occurred which caused much general rain, but his unRaumted courage and perseverance carried him through the di'diculties w hich arose from it. Through life he has been the real friend of the worling man; and among his own people he did nmuch to promote their social, intellectual, andmoralprogress. Heestablishedaworlkman's library; schoolroom for worknen!s children; and, by an arrangement to supply generaUy to his workman soup and cocoa at the smallest rate at which these could be produced, assisted in establishing a habit of temperance, and superseding, to a great extent, the dram-drinking which previouslv existed among then. He has two brothers survivina--Mr Alderman Cubitt, 312. for 4ndover, and Mr. Leois ubitti thearchitect of the Great xNorthernRailway Terminus. Sir William Cubitt, the eminent engineer, though a native of the same county, is not related. It may be worthy of ramark, that the large engagements as to Belgrave-square, begun in 125, have'teen completed in the present year, and Mr. Cubitt's ov.n dwelling-house, on his estate at Denbies, in which hb died, is onily just finished, as the future residence of his family. As an illustration of the uncertainty of life, it may be usefully mentioned that at one of the last meetings, on the embankmnent of the Thames, there were present, MWr. Cubitt, Sir Robert Ingli, Sir William Molesworth, and Mr Philips, of the Office of Vorks; and in the brief space which has since eLapsed these four men have all been removed by death.-Builder- Sa OFA NESPAPER DYAUCION.-MAYOHzE53TER Monday.-z Friday erening the copyright of the Afeachefster Daily Tcgropb, the first cheap or penny newspaper established in the provinces, was announce for sale by auction at the King's Arms Hotel, Manchester, after an existence of lS months. There was a much more numerous attenidance than might have been expected, the company inclading the principal proprietors of the leading newspapers of the town. lir. Pratt, thie auctioneer, set forth at some lengththe advantages of such a property to purchasers. Hle saidthatthe daily average circullation of theTke7rcgrpa hadbeen 6,000 copies. Itbhadbeen establishedunder many dificeulties, and much money had been sun in the concern, but it had now surmounted all obstacles to success, and was an estabished property, whieh any man witli " some capital and a little energy'' might convect into a splendid fortune. An ianportant feature was, that it had a good advertising connexion, and, besides itS subscribers inManchester, it enjoyed a circulation through 126 of the neighbouring towns. Mr Wlitworth, the solicitor, read over the conditions of ale which were that the property should be put up at such sum as the auctioneer should appoit, and no person should advanee less than 61 at each bidding, a reserved biddig to be vested in Messrs. John Bastow and David Curr, the vendors, who might bid once, and no more; the purchaser immedia.tely after the sale to sign a contract of purchase and advance 10 per cent. of the purchase-money, and pay the remainder on the 4th of January, up to which day the vendors would carry on the paper at their own risk; the purchaser to have the option withinthree days of taking the type, printing materials, and stock-in-trade at a valuation, the vendors entering into a contract not to prit another daily paper within 20 miles of Manchester within 10 years. These preliminaries having been set forth, the auctioneer proceeded most earnestly to invite a bid. Hesaid, although the vendors had given him the power to put 'up the property ata certain sum,hewouldmuchpreferan independent offer. After a brief pause M1r. Thomas Ayrea Phillips, recently a reporter upon the paper, made a bidding of 100!. A long pause followed, and the auctioneer in vain invited an advance upon "only one hundred pounds.'I The result was, that the property wasreluctanijjm3ocked down to the first and only bidder; and Mr. Philips was invited tojpay the required deposit of 101. and sign the contract. hr. Phillips took a pen in hand to sign the contract, but confessed that he had no moneyw-ith him; and Mrr. Whitworth, the solicitor, thereupon declined to take his signature. MIr. Phillips asked for an hour in which to prodnue the money, and this was conceded. He accordingly left the auctionroom, but, not returning when nearly an hour and a-half had elapsed, the proceedings concluded by the solicitor declaring the sale to be null aud void. Since these proceedings the paper has ceased to appeiar. SLAvERY nr VnieAza-In the Virginia House of Delegates on the 4th inst. Mlr. Mallory, of Norfolk city, offerad the folloving resolution:-" Resolved, bythe General Assembly, that a joint Comrittee, consisting of seven members of the Seinate and 1 members of the House of Delegates, be appointed withl a view to the adoption of more effectual means to prevent the escape of slaves from this commoniwealth to the lNorthern States, and to provide for the sumnmary punishment of yersous detected in aiding or abetting the same; to inqusre into the expediency of measures of retaiation and, self-defence against such of the Northern States as are engaged in a 'war upon our institutions, and report thereon to this General Assembly." Mr. Garnett, of Essex, moved to- amend the resolution as submitted by Mr. llory by inserting a clause. .k Miallory accepted the modification proposed, and informed, the gentleman from Essex that :he-would go with him ebrdiall in measures of retaliation, and war, too,, i-it h ld ,be- necessary. The --abolition emissaries' (Mr. Mallory said) had penetrated. the domiciles of gentlenien in his city,-.who had notbreturaed to their homes since the cessation of the epidemic, anid had enticed awvay their slaves. They vere also nowv perambulating the streets of Norfolk for the same nefarious purpose. The people of Eastern Virginia are a law-abiding people, but 'unless the Legislature of the Stats Sdll effectually protbet their proI perty they will enrol themselves der Judge Lynch, and hanh the aggressors on galows as high as Hazmam's. Thc resaoluto was namo 7t adopted,
TELEVxRAPHIC DESPATCHES. RUSSIA. - (BY SUBMA]RTN-E AND DR=H T=OE >Pl-.) We have received the following telegrap3ic despa.ch from our Berlin correspondent:- - BEB.IW, MONDAY, DEC. 31, 18W5. "The Czar has ordered a fresh appeal to be issued, summoning the peasants of the Crown domains to fort fresh regiments of sharpshooters. "Prince Mensehikoff hias been appointed MUli tary Governor of Cronstadt." SPAIN. We have reeeived the following telegraphic despatch from our Pais correspondent:- - "PARIS, MONDAY, Dxc. 31, 1855, 830 P.. "The Duke of Sotomavor, formerly Ambassdor at London and Paxis, committed suicide on the 26th inst. at Madrid. "He had been suflering for many years from viole.nt attacks of gout." We have receivred the Mowiitenr of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest.
TURKEY. (FROr OTTR nwv nO viV R I CONSTANTINOPLE, DEc. 20. Onr last letters from Trebizond are of the 13th inst. They state that General Williams has been sent to St.. Petersburg, that Dr. Sandfwith was daily expected there, that the Redifs and Bashi-Bazouks were dying like rotten sheep from the effects of their long starvation and from full feeding after mnuch famine, and that Omar Pasha had at last decided to send part of his army to relieve Kars! We have no intelligence of the Tnrkish Generalissimc having entered Kutais, nor do I expect any s3uch news, notwithstaudingthat the captore of that place -was confidently predicted here fulll ten days ago by persons in high places. 1 have few details to add to those I have already given you concerning the capture of Ears. The f unine appears to have been very severe before General W illiams resolved to capitulate. One account states that 100 men a-day were dying of hunger and privations, and that on the 24th an English officer gave 26s. for a rat. The little meat that remained of the slaughtered beasts of burden was reserved for the hospitals, in which the Russians foulnd 3,000 sick and wounded. On the 27th the enemy sent a large convoy of provisions into the town. Sentries were placed in all the streets for the protection of the inhabitants. According to all the news (still scanty) that we have asyet received the Russians appear-to have behaved well, and even generously. Surgeons, medicines, and other requisites were immediately supplied to the Turkish hospitals. The number o£i guns taken in Ears is 250, of wlhich 80 are field artillery. I must observe that, although a letter fromTrebizond, from a personusually well-informed, says that General Williamls had been ordered to St. Petersburg, other accounts state that the generalk officers of the garison were to leave on the 2d inst. for Teflis, and would probably remain there during the winter. Colonel Schv arzenburg reached Erzerom, wizth Knmety and Xohhnann. They did not anticipate that condition of the capitulation which insured life and liberty to Hungarian and Polish refugees. The new Austrian Internuncio, Baron Prokesch von Osten, has arrived here to replace Baron Koller. He is accompaniedbythe Chevalier deReyer, Secretary of Leggation. The day after his amival he had. interviews with the Grand Vizier, withFuad Pasha, and with the President of the Tanzimat. There is nothing new from Kertch. The fall of Kars has, I suspect, produced alively impression on certain high authorities in these parts. On hearing that the siege artillery was being sent away from the Crimea General Vivian applied for some guns to complete the defences of his position, bat could not obtain them. I am informed that within the last few days orders have been given that some should be sent to hinm. The fine weather we enjoyed at the date of ny last letter quickly left us. Yesterday was a most frightful day,-snow and rain without intermission, and a tremendous storm of wind. To-day it is dry overhead, but the gale continues. In such weather there is great difficulty in getting across the Boasphorus. Caiques will not put out, nor can they do so with safety, andthe steamer is so irreagular as tobe nearly useless. Ibelieve it has at least once been proposed to the Tarkish Government to establish a steam bridge across from Seraglio Point to Harem Skelessi, where Scutari hospitals stand, but it is dreadful hard work to get anyreal improvement adopted by these Turks. A steam bridge mnight be very quickdy made; there mnst be plenty of chain cable in the arsenal, and the expense would be a mere trifle compared to the immense utility. Ia fact, a very smaall tol for passage would make it a most profitable thing. In winter the passage of the Bosphaorasby a boat ismuncertain and dangerous, and every year lives are lost. oNow that Scutari has become an important depit, and that numbers of english have occasion daily to go backwards and forwlards between it and Constantinople, it is t be hoped that Lord Stratford deReddchffe and Gene_ ralGStorks wiltake measresnto estblish some better and safer means of commnlication than at present exists. A steam bridge is obvioulythe best that could be adopted; b et, if that is noemade, a small steamer shouild ply every hour during dayliglt between Tophanch and Scutari. General Storks' order against the sale of spirito is beimn rigidly carried out. It was given wiet the concurence of the Pasha commandrig at ScutarL. As was to be expected, attempts at smuggling have been snuerous, and a great many bottles of execrable reki have been broken. Any shop or canteen in whEich spirits are sold is liable to be immediately closed. It will be a moat excellenlt tEhingr if the order can be practically carried out and the men kept from drinldug more than their ration of spirits. If the followingletter from Athebs, datedathe 10th of October, which appears in one of to-day's Constantinople papers, be true in its particulars, things in Greece have come to a pretty pass:- "In the dis'rict of Mcgara 20 or 25 malefactzrs slzt up the mayor's flock in a stable aild set fire to the building. One of the men relented, or tho animals would all have been burnt. The cxime ws committed because the mayor had refused to act as the cormissioner of these banditti. Fifty of these rffians enterel the town of Thebes. Fortunately, a detachment of troops was there; but these could not prevent serious disorders in the Faubourg of St. Theodore, where some WaThichian siepherds were robbed. A smnilar band appeLred in the parish of Acrefnion, and put the monks of the Convent of Agia Pelazia to the torture. They sent word to the authorities of Thebes, and especially to the Mirarch Tzino, clarged witlh the pursuit of thebrigands, that they invited uim to go and attack them. In the pariszh of lirirns, in the province of Locrida, they have seized two young men of good family, for whose ransom they demand 18,000 drachmas. In a vilage in the province of Hypats they pillaged all the inhabitants, three of -whom they mortaly wounded. They took away the richest person in the place, forwhose release they demand a considerable suni. Two of the inhabitants had their ears and noses cat off. Yes`;erday, at4hour-journeyfrom.Atherns, on the roadto 3rarcopoulos, robbers stopped and plundered all travellers. In the night they entered the village of Tatoi, at three hours' journey from Athens, and seized and mutiLated the gendarmes stationed there." The Indus canme in on Tuesday afternoon, bringing her ownL mils ancd those of the Danube, which remained at 3Iessina -.ith broken engines.
1'S`ECOND EDITION. - THE T-IABS OFFICE, Tuesday Monin?W. - - RUSSIA. THE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. The Mord, of Bnussels, publishes the following telegraphic despatch, dated Berlin, Sunday evening, Mec. 30:- "A circular emanating from the Imperial Chanoery of St. Petersburg, dated the 10th (22d) of December, announces that the Emperor consents to the third point of the guarantees formulated at the Vienna Conferences, regulated in the following manner- "<1. The principie of the closing of the Straits is to be maintained. " 2. No flag of war shall be admitted into the; Black Sea, except that of the naval forces which Itussia and Turkey may think it advisable to maintain there by common agreement. " 3. The amount of these forces will be fixed by I direct agreement between Russia and Turkey withOut the ostensible participation of the other Powers. "Tte news of an armistice is false." THE EAST. (BY sVE&R}IN-E JAND BRITISH TELEGIRAPI.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent:- "c ARSEILLES, TUESDAY, JAN. 1, 1856, 9.10 A.M. " The Indus has arived, with advices from Congantinopleof the 24th and from the Crimea of the 22d December. "Despatches-leave at 9 a.m. The English steamer Vulcan, whicl left the GTimea on the 15th of December. has arrived, witlh 200 soldiers on board." INDIA AND CHINA. We have received our private correspondence and journals fromn Bombay, of the 3d of December; Calcutta, 22d of November; and Hongkong, 15th of November. The following is the letter of our Calcutta correspondent:- ",CALCUTTA, Nov. 22. "The collision so long expected in Oude has oc.*ourred at last. At the date of my last letter Ameer Alee, the fanatic Mol-lavie, lay encamped, with about 3,000 followers, at Daryabad. This place lies between Luclnowr and the great temple of lRunoomau, about 35 . milcs from each. The royal troops, some 12,000 in number, were encamped furtlher dowin the road, between the ]VIoulavie and the temple. In this attitude they resained for some ten days, the Mouilavie inwilling to stir without reinforcements, and the King's officers fettered by the absence of definite instructions from Lucknow. Meanwrhile every kind of intrigue was put in motion. The Lieutenant of the district, a bitter partisan of the 3loulavie, endeavroiued to secure him a rescript from Liuck-now, authorizing hin to build a mosque upon the site of the Hindoo temple. For himself, he phmndered the King's Treasury to supply the fanatics with food. The Durbar, on the other hand, though sympathizing with the MussuL men, dreadled the Hindoos, who are known to be in Oude the more powerful of the two. It dreaded sill more any occurrence which would offer an exCuse for British interference, and between its Conflicting apprehensions lost all sense of selfrespect. Orders were issued one day to be recalled the next. The Moulavie was threatened with death. He was implored to visit Lucknow. He was to be slain -wherever he could be found. He was to be caressed as the vindicator of an outraged faith. At length the vacillation gave way. The danger of British interference overcame even fanaticism, and Captain Barlow conveyed to camp the order for the slaughter of the M1oulavie. It was more easily issued than obeyed. T-he 3fussulnien in the King's service were known to be disaffected, and it was believed vould at the first shot go over to the enemy. The artillerymen were still more deeply implicated, and it was probable that the order to advance would be answered by a universal mutiny. Fortunately, Captain B.arlow understood his position and his men. Slowly and quietly the Hindoos of his regiment were separated from their comrades. A few guns, six I believe, were entrusted to Eindoo guinners. The Mussulman gunners were despatched on different errands, andat last Captain Barlow had about five companies or. whom he could rely. The supplies of food granted 'by treachery were peremptorily stopped, and at last, on the 7thi of November, the Moulavie, urged on by the cries of hismen, terminatedthe situation. By a forced march he gained a point in advance of Captain Barlow, and streamed along the road to the great temple. Leaving all the 3Mussulmen behind them, Captain Barlow and his picked corps started In piusuit. They overtook the llohamnuedans some seven miles in advance, and the engagement commenced with a shower of grape. Ameer Alee fell wounded at the first discharge, but his Pathans, mad with fanaticism, charged sword in hand straight up to the muizzles of the guns. NVhile the day was still doubtful, they Mwere attacked from behind. The Hindoo Zemindars, all along the road, had assembled their retainers, amid appeared at thle critical moment in overwhelming force. The Pathans saw the day was lost, but they had come for death in the cause of Islam, and they died, fighting shoulder to shoulder, round the guns. The King's Mlssulman troops, enraged at the manner in which they had been checkmated by Captain Barlow, drew their swords on their Hindoo comrades, and the tumult was only suppressed by an order dispersing the regiments to different and distant stations. I must not forget one incident of the engagement. It illustrates the passionate zeal of the two parties even better than the death of the Pathans. One Mfussulman gunner accompanied Captain Barlow. Though all alone, he refused to fire on his co-religionists, and was sabred on the spot. About 200 Hindoos and 300 Pathans perished on the field. "According to my letters from Lucknow, the danger is not yet over. The fallen are regarded as martyrs, and the ditch into which the bodies were thrown is styled the ' Mlartyr's Grave.' The Prime Minister has been threatened with death, the sentries at his gate have been cut down, and an outbreak is considered possible in Lucknow itself. The revenue has fallen to nothing. The Durbar are afraid to employ force for its collection, and this year it will reach scarcely 300,00l0. And out of these 30 lakhs, 80,000 Csoldiers,' as the rabble are styled, have to be paid. Daryabad is utterly desolate. Every house has been unroofed, every hoard of grain taken away, every woman subjected- to the insults of the King's forces. The end of - all this cannot be far distant, and troops are accumulating at Caunpore. As this is the frontier station, the assemblage of an army of 16,000 men, including three European regiments, is considered proof positive that ulterior measures are intended. " As I informed you would be the case, martial I&w has been at length declared in the Santal districts. The reasons for this step will, of course, not be explained until we have a Santal Blue Book; it ib5 however, understood that Colonel Low. yielded first; he was followed by! Messrs. Grant and Peacock, and on the 10th instant the pioclamation appeared. - - "The Santals, it is expected, will yield, and it 7will then be necessary forthe Legislature to act before they canbe puLished as they deserve. They have not, however, yielded yet, and, according to the latest I accounts, treat the proclamation as a brtt urn filmen, like the menace which accompanied the former offer of pardon. Brigadier Lloyd, however, is advancing down the Grand Trunk road, and additi6nal troops are on their march from the north-west. Th' irregular cavalryv will soon settle the business. Savages never face horsemen, and when pursued by the troops they must cross valleys where the cavalry can act. I must correct one popular mistake. The Santals are not men of the hills. They hold the valleys at the foot, and are detested by the hill men. Indeed, had a reward been offered for their heads at the beginning of the revolt not a Santal would have been left alive. Of course no such policy will be adopted, but the hatred of the mountaineers, will always prevent the Santals from taking refluge in the hills. There has as yet been no engagement, and no offer of submission. The sentence of which I spoke in my last has not yet been promulgated, nor will it be until the arrival of Lord Dalhousie restores energy to the Administration. " It is, I am informed, a fact that Herat has been taken by the Persians. It is also a fact that some of the most far-sighted politicians in India consider the interference of the British Government in Persia only a question of time. Herat is the key of Northern India. Any first-rate Power in possession of that fortress can pour an army through Affghanistan into the valley of Peshawur: they might be attaclked by the mountaineers, they might lose their baggage and part of their artilery, but they would arrive, and it is their arrival rather than their strength that we have cause to dread. The restless Mussulmen of the north would hail with delight anything which' promised them excitement and a change of masters. If that anything came in the shape of a Persian army of Mussihlmen led by Russian officers, the cxcitement might reach a point most dangerous to our supremacy. It is true the invaders would be annihilated before they had crossed the Indus, but in the interim we might have Northern India to reconquer. Such are the views which I know to be ciurent among men who deserve a hearing, and who will have no small share in determiilng the policy to be ultimately adopted. "The means of preventing such a result is obviously to compel the Shah to resign his conquest. This coercion can be exercised without difHictilty. WVe have sufficient men, guns, and ships on the Bombay side to throw a force of 15,000 men into Bushire in sixv weeks from the issue of the order. The Commander-in-Chief of the Bombay Army is active, experienced, and comparatively young. To a force so composed and so led the Shah has literally nothing to oppose. He lias no infantry wrho would cross bayonets with the Sepoys, no cavalry whom Colonel Jacob and his Scinde horse w7ould not ride down like corn. He must yield as lhe yielded before, and give back Herat to its chief, a man wvho performs for Central Asia the function performed by the Sultan in- Europe, viz., holding a city too important to be trusted to .any one with power to employ its capabilities. Our Persian diplomacy, as you are aware, is not directed from Calcutta. If it were, Russia would soon cease to exercise such paramounIt influence at Teheran. But I cannot think that even the British Government will view Lunmoved an occurrence which may one day place the keys of Central Asia in the hands of the Emperor of Russia. "Perhaps the most important occurrence of the fortnight is the ' declaration of independence' on the part of the Indian Legislature. The Board of Control, as I mentioned last mail, ordered the Legislative Council to repeal certain clauses of Act 8 of 1855, and to pass other clauses in confornity with their instruetions. The Chief Justice resisted this dictation, but the recess which intervenied prevented the Council as a body fiom expressing its opinion. It has fulfilled the omission and formally refused to obey. MIr. Peacock, Who acted as spokesman on the occasion, declared that if such orders could be issued no honourable man could continue to hold the appointment of Member of Council. He refused, therefore, even to bring in the Bill. It would appear certain that the Council is legally in the right, and strong hopes are expressed that Parliament will refuse to support Mr. Smith in his attempt to over-ride its own Act. The question excites some interest, and this not only from its intrinsic importance. Anglo-Indians detest English interference. Orders from home upon such subjects are usually lidiculous, and sometimes most oppressive. " The Governor-General leaves Madras for Pega on the 15th instant. After a brief visit to Rangoon and Negrais, where he is to determine the site for a new city, he returns to Calcutta. He is expected on the 30th instant, and the work already cut out for hinv will occupy the whole remainder of his time. " A proclamation, prohibiting the export of saltpetre, except to England, has given little satisfaction. It emanated from home, and is considered oppressive and unnecessary. The Americans, who are large buyers, are especially indignant. "The Mission to Ava has returned, but its result has not yet been made known. It is understood, however, that the King has made no concessions, and signed no treaty, and that he is more than ever under the influence of the warlike HeirApparent. The only fruit of the Mission will be some additional information as to the condition of the Upper Provinces of Burmah."| CHINA. (FROIS OUR OWN- ConnESrONDEsr.) EONGKONG, Nov. 15. The London mail of the 10th of September was rec6ived on the 26th of October, per steamer-Ringapore, which leaves again to-day-with the outward mail. Admiral Sir James Stirling and the greater part of his fleet are now here. Commander H. Stirling proceeds home by the present mail in charge of the treaty drawn up at Japan. Of Commodore- Elliot and his squadron we have no intelligence, or any news of interest as regards the Russians in the north. Her Majesty's steamer Barracouta left Shanghai on the 8th of October with provisions and supplies for the Commodore's fleet, but encountered a very severe gale, and, sustain: ing damage, put back to repair. The Bremen brig Greta, which was captured wvith 276 Russians on board, has been formally adjudged a prize of Hler Majesty's steainer Barracouta. Both vessel and cargo are condemned. The conduct of the United States' Consul, Keenan, at this port has given rise to a somewhat important question, viz., the right of Great Britain to take cognizance of crimes and misdemeanours committed on board American slhips-in British possessions. The Consul, supported-by the United States naval authorities, denies British jurisdiction, and in defi-: ance has committed an offence, for whieh he has been tried in oiur police court, found guilty, and remitted to the crminal sessions. Our local papers supply particulars. The French Minister, his Excellency Mons. de Bourboulon, proceeds on leave to Europe by the present steamer. Chinese political affairs remain much as before. Of the rebels in the north Bwe haye no definite intelligence. In the Kwangsi anxd Oonain provinces, however, they are said to maintain their position, and their proximity occasions some anxiety in the Canton district, and materially injuires trade. A large fleet of boats collected outside the Bogne, but retired before the Imperial force sent against them; and their present position is not exactly known. Rice is cheap and plentiful. ' Inmports have been somewhat dull, but holders being firm, prices are higher, or ifiaintained, and a moderate business has-been done.' Money is scarce in native lands. The tea market has been active during the nmonth at about former prices, except for medium descriptions of new Congous, which arc 2 to 3 ts. - lower. For the finer kinds e-xorbitant rates are demanded. Fine scented capers are scarce, and - inquired for. In raw silk nothing hasbeen done. Freights are looking down, and tonnage abundant. The Britislh ship Invincible, from Shanghai to London, with a full cargo of tea and silk, ran into and sank the American ship A. Cheseborough during' a squall at sea. Only one life was lost, and the Invincible put in here in a sinking condition. Nearly all the tea cargo is damaged, but the greater part of the silk has been saved. The Burlington leaves to-morrow for London, via, the Cape of Good Hope, conveying invalids of Hei MIajesty's 59th Regiment, under clharge of Lieutenant Howe. Shanghai advices are to the 7th inst. In imports a large business hadbeen done, principally in barter, and lower prices had been submitted to. MIoney was scarce, and exchange higher. In silk only a small business had been done, and the quality of the article is much complained of, wliile native dealers are firm. Prices remain much as before. In teas large settlements had taken place at previous rates. Eight vessels, including the Inivincible, had left for England. From Foochow we have advices to the 31st of October. The high-class Congous had slightly declined, while the common kinds were dearer. Sou-. chongs, 1 to 2 taels cheaper. Two ships had sailed for Great Britain, and four were on the berth, also one for New York. Amoy dates are to the 2d inst. Trade had been. veiy dull. From MLanilla we have letters to the 9th inist., mentioning a very dreadful occiurence on board the' American slip Waverly, conveying coolies from, China to Peru. The captain having died, the ship. put into Manilla. Some disturbance took place on. board, and the Clinese to the number of 450 were. driven below and the hatches closed. Onl their being opened again 251 men were founId dead. Our latest date from England is to the 10th of September. Exchange on England, at Canton, 4s. Oid. per $; Shanghai, 6s. 71d. per $. COMMERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. CALCUTTA MfARKET REPORT. - (From the Calc2dta Star, November the 2-2d.) Nxative holydays having again interfered with the course of buisiness, the week under reviewv has not been marked by anly animation, and this circumstance, coupled vith other causes, has confined operations vwithin a limited coampass. There has not been any material alteration in the position of our export market; supplies of all descriptions of produce, w-ith one or twvo exceptions, being rather scanty, previous prices havc been maintained. Suigar and rice continue to be the favoiuite articles, which, however, being scarce and inadequate to the demand, but a limited amount of business has been transacted. Notwithstanding the occurrence of holydays transactions in imports have been on a fair scale, dealers displaying more confideence than was experienced for some time past. Thle accounts from the uip-country markets continue tavourable, and but for the tightness of our Money 3arket, we might have been able to report a more favounrble state of affairs. The dovwnward tendency of the exchange on Europe will most likely render importers mnore firm, and cause an hnprovement in the viale of the principal articles of import. No symptoms whatever of improvenient in the money market hare been visible. Our trade in general is stiil suffering from the scarcity of money, and we hear in some eases parties have been constrained to submit to most exorbitant rates of interest and discount. It is reported that acceptances have been [cashed in the bazaar at over 25 per renlt. per anuinu,but wve do not vouch for the correctness of the repcort. Exchange.-In consequence of very few bills being offered on England, the rates have experienced a fiuther decline, and the following are the e.xisting quotations . Credits ... ... ... 2s 2'd. to 2s. 2.jd. Docunment BiDls ... ... 2s. .d. to 2s 2dd Bank Post Bills ... ... 2i. l to 2s. lXd. On China 60 days' sight bills wvith opium docmnent have been negotiated at 211r. to 212r. per $100; but we have not heard ot any transactions on Singapore. Freights.-Ve have had ahlost a lull in this department, almost nothing having been done for London. Durng the week one ship only was taken up for Liverpool, to carry 900 tons of rice at 5t., and 400 tons of jute at 41. The rates for all places remain nominally the same, although the tendency is downwvards. Iu country freights we har-e not heard of any transactions of consequence. Indigo.-The market has been quiet. Occasionally a sale or tw;o of small parcels is reported. CANTON MARKET REPORT. fHONKGKONG, Nov. 15. At Canton during the past month the business in manufactures has been done at improved rates; but there is a 'want of confidence among the native dealers, arising from the present political state of the country, which checks demand, anld we can only notice limited sales. Cotton is. Iower. Cotton.-Prices are quoted 3 to 4 mace under those of lIst month. Bombay, 7.2 ts. to 8.2 ts.; Bengal, 6.9 ts. to 7.6 ts.; M1adras, 7.6 ts. to 8.3 ts. The sales are stated at 9,800 bales. At Amoy the market was dulL Cotton Yarm.-About 500 bales have been quitted. Quotations are for Nos. 16-24, $25 70c. to $25 S0c. ; Nos. 28-32 $27 50c. to $29 50c.; Nos. 39-4Z $30 to $335c. Little had been done at Amoy. Log,clothls.-The lowuerkinds remain about as last quoted, but heavy goods show an advance. About 23,000 pieces in all h.avebeen disposedof. Grays are quoted at $1 c95c. to $2 lc.; whites, $220c. to $i3 o. The demand at Amoy was limted. * Woollen.-Spanish stripes, 1,100 pieces sold: assorted, 95c. to $1 ac.; scarlet, $1 13c. to $1 22c.; long ells, 1,400 pieces uitted: assorted, $7 l5c. to $7 70c. Meta .-Iton.-Nail rod, $3 lOc. to $3 45c. bar square S 3S5Qc.tot3 9Qc.;f'dat, $i3 SOc.toS OOi 9c.; rowud,5t3 lOc. to$S t3DOC.; small round, 53 to $5; lead, $i8 60c.dto $8 90c.; tin plates, $7 SOc. to $8o SOc.0C Rice, $S1 5Oc. to $1 7Oe. Tea.-During the past month a fair amount of business has been done, and at about former rates, except forxmeditmi sorts of new Congous, which are 2 to 3ts. lower. The finer chops are held for extreme rtes. The settlements of Congon have bean 26 chope, at for-Oopacks, 25 to 28ts.; Woonams, 20 to 24,1ts. ; and Kisows, 253ts. Arrivals to date have been 99 chops, and the sales 39 chops. Of CountryGreens, 18,000 packages old and 7,000 packages new have been received. Hyson settled for at 25 to 50ts.; young Hyson, 22 to 37ts. ; Hyson skin, 15to 23ts. Foochow advices are to the 25th of October. The better class of Congou was somewhat cheaper, common kids were slightly dearer. The settlement had been 15,000 chests and 3,000 half-chests newv, and 1,500 chests old Congon. Two vessels had sailed for Great Britain, and two for the United States. lb. Export from Canton, from lot of July. 15. .,70S,080 Sh,Sbanl. fromIst of July, 1855 llC0000 looelsow, from 1st of Jutly, 1855 . 1,200000 Total .32,6W,000 Cantoen from Ist of Jal-. J 854, to 7th of Novemnber. 1854 .. . . . 12,184,005 Shangta-l from It of July, 1854, to-4th of November, 154 16,4085.o Foochow, from 1st of July, 1854, to 31st of October, 185 . . 7,500,80D Total. 3600OOD Exchange on England, for six months' bills, 4s. 93d.* on India, for Bank paper, 20r. to 224r. per i$100. Freights to England, 40. Shanghai advices are to the 7th instant. The advance in exchange induced holders of imports to realize freely at a reduction on previous rates. There had been large trausactions in tea. In silk little done. Long Cloths.-About 172,000 pieces had been quitted, chiefly in bartei. Grays quoted $1 33c. to 51 90c., wvhites, $1 33e. to $2. Spanish Stripes.-3,560 pieces delivered, principally consisting of previous purchases. Good- qhality quoted 8&e. Tea-Transactions had been very large. A reduction at one time took place in black tea of ^to I tael, but purchases becoming more general prices advanced to previous quotations. 148 chops of Congou had been taken at fromS8 to 17. taels. Ingreensa moderte business bad beendone at former rates for the higher qualities, 'and a reduction of I to 2 tbels on the lowrer kinds. Silk.-The high prioes asked had checked business. Quolationswere-TsatYee, 30 to 350 for NT0o.1 sad 2; $300 to $305 for No. 3; $250 to $0 for No. 4. Ts mus, fne, t270 to t2SO; fair 13 good, t230 to $255; common, $180 to Exchange on England for six muonths' bills, Os. 7Md. to 6s. 7d.; on India, 30G rs. per $100. Freights to England.-4c. for tea and. !. for silk. FRANCE. The letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday evening, had not arrived when our Second Edition went to press. AUSTRIA. (FROM OUPR OWN CORIESTO-NDENT.) VIENMA, DEC. 23. In my letter of the 17th was the following passage " It will be seen thlat Prussia *will play the part of gobetween to the end of the chapter, and that, in due tfie, Count Arnim wil receive instructions from his Royal mastcr to request Count Bool to give himn an account of what has taken place between Austria and her allies." Recent events have shown that my judgm-ent was not much at fault t Count George Esterhazy has communicated to the King of Prussia the propositions wliich, on the 17th inst., were forwarded to St. Petersburg, and Colonel Manteuffel, his Majesty's confidential agent, has received instructions to communicate to this Court his Royal master's intentions. Colonel Manteuffel is expected here today, and the diplgmatic world wouild fain persuade itself that he has been instructed to inform Count Buol, that the new conditions of peace are approved by the. Prussian Cabinet. It was not likely that Prussia would openly express her disapproval of the conditions made, but it will probably be seen that she will offer to make concessions to Austria, if the latter will proniise to endeavour to procure more favourable terms for Russia.. It is here believed that Baron Manteuffel, having taken alarm at the energy recently displayed by Bavaria and Saxony, considers it necessary to take a step in advanre, in order that Prussia may not be completely isolated. We are in total ignorance of wlhat is doing in Saxony, but it is evident that something unusual is going on, as Baron Konneritz, the Saxon Minister at this Court, has, in obedience to orders received by electric telegraph, gone to Dresden. During the aist 10 days you have repeatedly been told that the diplomatic relations betveen Risssia. and Austria are not likely to be et2tirely suspended, and the Paris correspondents of the Austrian papers now wTite in exactly the same sense. The followving extract, which is from the Vienna PPresse, is particularly vorthy of notice, as its author had his information from an " authentic" source -. " The propositions forwarded by Austria have not the form of an sdtiwhtirnz, and their rejection vill not lead to a diplomatic rupture betwveen the St. Petersburg and Austrian Couuts. Austria lias, however, reconimended the acceptance of the terms so very strongly that tlleir rejection wvould make the longer sojourn of Count Esterhazy at St. Pcters. burg useless, and he would therefore return to Vienna, and leave his first secretary to manage the current business. Thc return of Count Esterhazy would be a very significant denioxstration, but still it would not be a regular diplomatic rupture, as his suite would be left at its post. It is doubtful wlhether Prince Gortaschakoff would imitate Count Esterhazy, as during the last fewv years RusEian diplomatists have shown that they are not over-sensitive." Austria always has taken half measures, and she is unequal to the exertion of laying aside a habit wlhich has often got her into serious difficulties. In aristocratic circles it is related tlsat the Nincio, Cardinal Viale Prelia, is but little inclined to exchange his residence at Vienna for the archiepiscopal palace at Bologna, and there is, perhaps, some trutth in the report. M. Viale Preloh will, to use his own words, remain at his post until his great work is completed; by whiclh he means that he . will not quit Vienna uritil the Imperial ordinances which are necessary to the realization of the Concordat have been published. The assurance lias been given me that the ordinances relative to the ftutitre position of the Protestants in Austria will be more liberal than was originally intended, "as Govermuent had not the most distant idea that the Concordat would lead to such a tremendous storm.". The Archbishop of Olmutz has just excommunicated two peasants who displayed an inclination to join the Protestant Church. It is a remarkable fact that the conditionsof the Concordat have given far more offence to the Austrian Catholics than to the Protestants. As to the orthodox Greeks residing in Austria, they laugh in their sleeves, as they well know w here to seek a protector if they should require one. The Catholic hierarchy in Auistria will no more dare to interfere wvith a member of the Russo-Greek Church than they will dare to take the Emperor of All the Russias by the beard. Cardinal Viale Prelk is said to cherislh the hope that the Papal tiara may some day rest on his brow, but he lias no chance whatever, as he is a Corsican by birth, and for a long series of years none but Italians have been elected by the Roman Conclave. There is such violent opposition to the proposed law for the abolition of the ancient guild-system that it will hardly be sanctioned by the Emperor until it has been moodified. Almost all the Chambers of Trade in the Empire are against the measure, but the great public sincerely hopes that Baron Br-ick will remain firm. At present the tradespeople enjoy a regular monopoly, wliich presses very heavily on the people. The negotiations. between Baron Bruck and the Credit and Commercial Bank in reference to the Italian railroads have already begun. The company will not only have the Lombardo-Venetian, but also the Central Italian Railroad. The news Of the Turin papers that the Count de Chambord has visited Queen Amelie at Nervi is totally unfounded. The Count and Countess did not quit Frohsdorf for Venice until the 17th. Count Buol, Baron Bach, and Count Leo Thun have received permission from the Emperor to wear the Grand Cross of the Pius Ordir, whicll they received from the Pope as a reward for the complaisance they displayed in the matter of the Concordat. The following Constantinople news of the 17'tl reached this city last night, anid the more important part of it was telegraphed:- "CONSTANTINOPLE, DEC. 17. "A violent shock of an earthquake was felt last night. Several vessels have ran aground at the mouth of the Sulina. It rains continually in the Crimea, and four transports have been driven on shore. " The Egyptian division is still at Eupatoria. "The English cavalry division under General Scarlett has been sent here. "There is a hard frost in the Sea of AzoffE * "TREBIZOLND, DEC. 11. "Omar Paslia has his head-quarters at Redout-Kaleb. "German and Italian officers offfered their services to the Shah of Persia, but they were declined. "The Hon. C. A. Murray, thoe British Minister at Teheran, has hauled down his flag, probably on account of an insult." ATEHNS, DEC. 21. "An export duty has been liid o .coals." ,PRUSSIA. (FROM OUR OW.N coRREsPoNDER-T.) BERLIN, DE". 30. It may probably uaise from the political sentiments and sympathies that obtain at the place from which I write, that while very little success is ex-, pected from Count Esterhazy's d in St. Petersburg, munch iss expected fro . the .ndeavours of Baron von Seebach. .The two missions are;represented not as, le1onging together and mutually completing each other; but rather as rivals orwcompetitors. The Esterhazy' sch'eme, as drawn upby Austria, mainly. for . her own interests, but consented to reluctantly:by the Allies, the Seebach schemeas resmltingdfrom the sincere efforts of a man in the enjoyment of the confidence of both parties; the first is repreoented as having taken place in pite of the distrust felt by the Western Powers for Austria, the latter to have resiteUed in conscequence of the confidence placed in the more or less recognizedrepresentative of Russian feelings and intentions in Paris.' It is understood that the terms, aS drawn up by Baron von Seebach, and approved of in Paris, have met with the warmest approbation of this Court; from the moderation that is said to pervade them much is,. hoped from them at the Court of Russia. As former letters -of mine have already intimated to you, no proposals 'that Austria draws up are likely to meet with the concurrence of Prussia, least of all -when it is Austria that calls upon her to adopt her ideas, and follow in her wake. The following extract of -a private letter from St. Petersburg will be found interesting, although not 6f the most recent '-date. The spirit in which it is written is thoroughly Russian, and it is evident that the writer is well-informed: "For some time we were apprehensivelyanxdous as to the result of the Canrobert mission in Stockholm. But since the text of the treaty that has been concluded has been published, and the tenour of the so-called secret articles has come to our knowledge, we can easily understand how they have caused only smiles and shrugs in Swedish circles. If that is the only bait that Napoleon has held out to King Oscar, that he gives him pernmission some of these days to bring forward the clims that he would fain make upon certain tracts of territory at present in the possession of Rissia, and which might perhaps be conquered, ve cannot he astonished ',at the latter's hedging himself in with all manner of clauses and provisions; and very possibly the treaty, which in all probability vill never come into force, was concluded only for the purpose of getting rid of the diplomatic importunities of the Western Powers, and procuring quiet for this winter. How very little seriously Sweden (and of -lForway there has not yet been any mention made) is thinking of a grave conflict with Russia is evidenced in her conduct and attitude; stronger influences thau English armadas and French missions are necessary if Sweden is to be inspired with a new idea. Letters from well-informed persons in Paris state that the result of the Camrobert mission has anything but satisfied the Emperor, and that the approach- ing elevation of the General to the rank of Mar, sbal of Franee is actuated, solely by the desire not to add another bklanage to those he has already met with in the Crunea and Scandinavia. This bug-a-boo you see is after all nothing. . . . The second, the mission of Count Valentine Esterhazy to St. Petersburg, is still less, if possible. We have been infornied, by way of Warsaw, of the object of his mission, which seems not to have been made ally particular secret of, and still more so of the circumstanecs that led to it. The Emperor Francis Josepb, impelled by his own interest ardently to desire the discovery of some basis for a peace, had at first the intention of sending the most confidential member of his estuottragC, Count Griunne, with an autograph letter, and extensive powers to the Emperor Alexander. On the representation, however, of what an equivocal position he would be brought into by an unfavourable answer, he kept the Coint (Griunne) back in reserve, and sent out the younger diplomate, as a sort of skirsisher in advance What the Hungarian Count (Esterhazy) is bringing with bim are proposals which Russia can in part accept, and7will perhaps accept, but they in no way bear the character of an ullisnataz,e though they do bear that of an urgent appeal. In this respect you may attach pretty much the same value to the journey of M. de Seebach, who is one of the most valuable articles of furniture of the Parisian Corps Diplomatique. You see, things are not 'so gloomy here !' The latter part of this letter confirms what I lately wrote to you, that if anything definite is to be brought to book, Austria will despatch a Special Envoy to St. Petersburg. That the overtures to be made by Count Valentine Esterhazy Will only be converted into proposals in case they are well received. If they are not so, they will be allowed to fall to the ground, and nothing more will ensue of them. The rejection of the overtiues vill in no way lead to Austria's co-operation, in the war, nor, do I imagine, even to her vithdrawing her M1inister. Although she has put the word "sdtimcatunse into the mouths of our diplomates and our press, those journalists who have hitherto shown themselves the pioneers of Austrian intentions disavow all idea of ulterior measures, and prepare every species of political back door for Austria to creep out at, in the very probable contingency of her representative meeting with no success. The following is a statement from an Austrian pen of the contents of the "proposals" which' Count Esterhazy is to lay before the Cabinet of St. Petersburg; they are described to be the " result of a perfect understanding between the Western Powers and.Austria, both with regard to the tenour of the conditions of peace which are to provide the necessary guarantees, and to the common actiorn of the allies in case of their being rejected." The proposals conitain:- "1. The reinquishment of the Russian Protectorate over the Danubian PrincipVties and the conditions essential to a securing of a new order of things there. This difficult point, which is already in process of being carried out, is drawn up so decisively and so clearly, that in case of its acceptance every prejudicial influence on the part of Russia on the delberations as to the regulation of the affairs of the Principalities is excluded at once. Russia is required simply to give her assent to the arrangements about to be made, without participating in any deliberation or in any resolution on the subject. " 2. Cession of a portion of Bessarabia, to such an extent that-Russia wouldbe notonly removedfrom the delta of the Danube, but would have to give up her entire position on thatriver. The geographical line for the future Russian frontier is traced on a map appended to the papers, and accodinto that the Russian frontier -would be considerably thrust back. " 3. Neutralization of the Black Sea, withont any Russian fortresses aud arsenals on its coasts; at the mouths of the Danube, however, there is to be a station for vessels of war of small burden, for the purposes of marine police. " 4. Coromon protection of the Christian subjects of the Porte. " All the above points have been proposed by Austria; the followving have been added by the Western Powers Admission of Consuls into the harbours of the Black Sea, and an undertaking on the part of Russia never for the future to erect any fortifications on the Aland Isles. The term alloNved to Russia by Count Esterhazy, who is expected to arrive in St. Petersburg on the 24th or 25th, is very short, and in 10 days the decision must be mrade. Should the propoals be rejected, the immediate breaking off of diplomatic relations between Russia and Austria would en_ue." The news that reached here some little time back of an improvement in the health of Prince Pask4witsch turns but to have been either unfounded or illusory; he is stated now to be getting worse and worse; all hopes of his eventual recovery are now given up, but it is believed he may linger yet for. several months. At the time of Count Esterhazy's passing through Warsa-w (21st) and calling upon him, he was able to leave his bed and receive his Austrian visitor seated in an arm chair. SPAIN.! T (FRoNr OUR OWN CqRREsPoINDENT.) ' MADRID, DEC. 25. - Senor Brmil read, as was expected, the bill authorizing.the establishment of a new bank, on the prin- ciples of, and in connexion with, the Credit Mobilier Company of Paris; and authorizing the Government to -make similar concessions on the same bases, when they may consider it advantageous to do so. The bill was referred to the sections for the nomiination of a committee to report upon it. The title of thenewassociationis to be " General Societyof Credit." Tnhe capital 256,00a,000' reals, or 120,000,000f., at the exchange of 19 reals -per 5f., in 240,000 shares of 1,900 reals,'or5OOf. each, divided intoseries, andissued in virtue of an accord of the Council of Admninstra-" tion. The first series to lie' 80,000 shares, which are to' be'issuedcinediately, and on which the subscribers utpay up at least-3S per cent. within' 15 days, of the aspproval of the statutes. -The shares to be pay-' able to.bearer, butmay be deposited,by the oers in their names with'thhe society, receiving from the' latter a nominativercelpt a-aguarantee: afund of reserve to be formedaunulally out of the profits, but not to exceed 20,000,OOf. . The association to be directed by a council of 15 adinisttors, elected' by the ueholaers, - The council to elect the direc-' tor-generl and sub-direetgr, An account to be fur nished to the Government every Six months of the State of its aTairs, and also at such other times as it may be called on to do so. The sitting of the Cortesiwas. prolonged last._7ening in order to close the debate on the authori4tion bill to collect the taxes, &c. A long debate too6k place on the hostile report of the minority.of -the committee, which was fnally rejected, and that bf the majority adopted by a large majority; -an amendment propoged by Senor Figueras, a Democratic deputy, 'as:' an additional article, the object of which 'was to educe the impost on trades and professions, was rejectedin oteacion rw.naZ by 106 votes against 22..' The Assejnbly adjourned at 71 p.ni. till the 28th inst. General O'Donnell- continued throughout yesterday siffering considerable pain at times, with periods of alleviation; he had, two hours' sleep at-night, which gave him much relief. The Gazette sayswrdspecting him: ' - - "The 21ister of War, who yesterday morn7ing had a relapse, in which the alarming symptoms of his complat were renewed, continued during the day in the same state, with some alternatives. We are able, nevertheless, to state that at 1 o'clock at night his Excellency was rest tran- It is feared there is some organic disease in this case. Some sjeculators on the Bolsa are already selling stock, in the expectation of General 0'Donnell's illness having a fatal termination, and of the disorganization of the MIinistry annd other serioius coisequences 'which such an event might produae. To-day and to-morrow are holydays at the BoLsa, today being Christmas-day and to-morrow the festival of St. Stephen, the first martyr. There isto be a grand baM at the Teatro Red the night of the 5th, the proceeds to be appEe2 to the relief of the wounded soldiers in the Crimea. It had been postponed on account of the cholera. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPIIC DESPATCEES. (FR.OM OUR OWN CORR*PON'DENTS.) SOUTrHAMTTON, TUESDA Y.3YoiNMG. Arriv0d.-Susanna, from Newport; Wonder, steamer, from Jersey; Dorlt Packet, from Guern5ey; Cynthia, from Teignmouth; leelgijue, steamer, from Antwerp. Sailed.-Despatch, steamer, for Jersey; Atalant3, steamer, for Havre; Limerick Lass, for Newport., LrvERPOOI4 TtrssmAY JYoIcjN-id Wind S. ArTived.-Ocean Pearl,fromNew Orleans ; Sandbach, from IJemeiara.. WVind S .: QUEENSTOWN, DEC. 30. Arrived.-John Fyfe, from Callao; M1imosa, from Mauritius; Hermanni, from Athens; Aristides,from Syra. I)IXBLIN, DEC-. 33L Wind W.S.W. Arrived.-The Abeona,- from Syr-; Jane, frQm Mazagan; Specimen, from St. Mlichael; Stephen Huntley, from Alexandria. (mY SUAmTE A; BRir=m rTr AapAIr.) GRAVESEND, TU:ESDY, 9.45 Aa. Wind E.S.E.; tide 2 hours' ebb; cloudy. Arrived, Dec. 31.-Acorn, Julia, and Mary, from Guernsey; Belford, from Nantes; Elizabeth,- from Palmlas. r DEAI. TuESDAy, 9;31 A..3i Wind S. by W., moderate. Anohored.-Kertch, from Quebec, for tondon; Lord Hardinge, from Akyab, for London; General Hewett, ship, from Claino, for London. Sailed.-Mary Holland, for Valparaiso; Codriigton, for Antigna. STOCK EXCHANGE. TUESDAY WORN-NG, 13 o'CLOc Consols forAccount (Jan. 10) ... 88- to 8841 aX divI Turkish Four per Cent. Scrip... 3a to 3i dis.
PROVRZCmA AsD !irrOror,rN rxs Sc6 '.06 AnT-The annual exhibition of the elementary *orket ofl sttldents in these schools takes plane this year as i]isul at Gore-house, Xensington, and, though the display bf proflci. ency is not beyond an average, it is interestingas shewmgtha efforts which are being made throughout the country. in laying the groundworlk for advancing the standards of 4e.* in the different branches of ornamental productioin.* ie specimens shown in competition for the pnzes offered By the Board of Trade are arranged in a succession of stages, which include shading from the flat and round, drawing-4owers from nature, ornaments from the cast, and soforth.. Iall a creditable degree of proficiency has been attainedr cbncidering the short timethe students have beenunderinstruction; and it may be gathered from the occupations of niany of the successful exhibitors that the facilities-for elementary 3nowledge of art afforded by the State are becoming appre. ciated in the proper quarter. It is, we beEeve, inn contem.- glation to transFer the department of science and: art kv which these exhibitions are held from the Board of Trade to the Committee of Council fot 1Edecation, and the change ill, there is every reAson-to hope, give an increased impulseto the formation and'praotical usefulness of draving classes in all our elementary schools By this sure though gradual means, in the.cpro of time the manufacturing classes will arriveata facility i2 the execution of good designs, and at a correct appreciation of what taste in ornamentation demands, which they are at present far from possessng; and thus wil be laid the oundations for purging the industry of the country frora that reproach of vulgariby in production which at present lies so heaviupon I. It is clear, from the present exhi. bition, thathe schools in Glaqgow, lanchester, Binninir ham, and the other great provincial towns, are successful comting with those of the metropolis, and that in etch = 'AudentreZealo3uslyengaged in uaifyingthemsslves to become designers for the special branches of manufactures ct:ried on in their separate octies The display at Gore-howe is hardly attractive enough to draw there anyjlarge number of visitors, and,what lttle Interest it excites, the remoteiAecs of the locality and the bare unkirnished state dofth6earil ments are enough to destroy; but the collection itself has an undeniably useful tendency, and we should like to see it set forth on a geater scale and under more favourable tirousustances.. [Adkertiteinqnt-tlie toyalictures at O8boTin.-The "AxtTournarforjaauary I8s6.cses 6d. sonttor-V eo.at±cr W. F. }rost, A - sagr st, sier W:Lkr s n1 oil se bVI-ie3lfor Clupid nkycho, in thc posscnsjon of the.Qn"mur Tti literayconentsinclude-AT4itsi XrXs,byF .W. 1birb%i21 e&e ssiii ^arbs, yRHuut;F%.R..-Sosieattshe FavSifon.at.Wiflon -AisbUe411atonso M---3 Goupil-.Brittish A-tstg, 6-. IL rir-S_l W.do~tk, ,, i%JtftedSateetioas of Sabject to tics Siudeat int Thc Oonutr Cot ' -lYO a .5t Fairbolt, sisustratd-tse Axcbl tecturalIl Wbitioen& c: Nowredy, dorefl le. 6d., cloth gilt,th Vom=leforlMI,beingthe first volume of the seties eontdiasng thS Quene4 pictmrs., Viltue and CO., 25, Paternueer-row. -5 [Advertisentent.j-"Vhat Everybody Says rM.t. to Tree-ThISSiing mapeculiasly appicable to bookL s.Lenoe. iwe agebookarpram it-recomes the duty or Al to osses it. flU "Furly Friend Volume for. ltSS 9 6,L.: the "Practical Hoew wife, 2s. Gd.; a "TreasurinNWeeGkiwort"Bs. 6&cd.-c gtl% mDetet songly recommended braea%l?ev nePspaper editor. Ore reviewer. writiac Or the "FamIly s*-y,-"u £ as ef
FOBEIGN INTBLLIGEN(.E. RUSSIA. :We have received the Sc. Petersburg journals of the 22a December. The Initxaile Rumsse pu'ulishes the following:- "Under date of the 8th (2Ot't) of Deoeember Aide-dcCamp Dtweral Prince Gortschakod has sent the folloinV "' OD the 4th (16th) oE D-cmuer twc sotnias of Cossacks t The Bla¢k Sea defeated, nmar Kerteb, a strong squadron of the Angeo-Turkish cavalry of General Vivian. In this Tasir *he comnuander of the squadron, an English officer, snd 47 men, were made prisoners. "'Easewhere, all goes on well in the Crimea.' SPAIN. (FRO-M O3t OWN C)BRSONDEN7.) MADRID, DEC. 24. I regret to say that General O'Donnel. is seriously lL - Hie has been subject to bilious attacks of late, Ana: was taken unwell at the Queen's ball on the -ight of the 20th, and had to leave at a very early hour. The complaint, whic'h his physician calls bilious fever, did not seem very serious at first, but be has passed two bad nights, and it has assumed a zaore aggravated form, wvith frequent vomitings, being somewhat mitigated towards evening and returning withl more force -the next day. He ;waa delirious this morning, but was reported *to bo somewhat better at 4 p.m. Dr. Seoane attends jrin, and his friends wish him to have other phy.sieians called in and a consultation held, but this he rrefuseg to do. Of course, all impending'Ministerial -arrangements are suspended for the present. The :Duke,de 1a Victoria wenttQ seeGeneral O'Donnell yesterday, and remained with him.for some time. ThMeCortes are now occupied with the question of -Authorizing tlle Government to g6 on collecting and slexpending the product of the taxes from the ist of Jantiary next, accordimg to Senor Brt.-l's budget; the .gteatmmajority of htbe com.ittee on the budget (22 -against 3) reported in favour of it, but Senors Labrador and Otense, and two other members of the 'comnittee,havesent in a separate report,refusing the .authorizatiQn, unless the MHnister will explicitly withdra.w that part of his budget which reimposes -the excise on produce c.dled Consumos and the De*techesdelPuertas. The report of the minowity nf a committe has precedence in discussion, and Senor aIbrador Was left defending that of himself and _a%aociates. .- The funds continue to give way a little, notwith--standing Senor Bruil's haying adequately provided ' for the punctual payment of the home and 'foreign C'dividends, wlhich fall due at the end of the month lower prices from Paris, and perhaps the general txeports in daily circulation about Mtinisterial changes, appear to be the chief causes of the decEne. The Three per Cents. were done to-day at :35 30, and the Deferred at 21 45.
AUSTRALIA. (FR03E OUR OWN COPRK,PON-D&N-r.1 MELBOURNE, SF.T. 29, 1835. The Champion of the Seas, one of the Black Ball ;ine of ships, wiith the July mail, dropped anchor in EHobson's Bay on Wednesday afternoon (the 26th), "~afterapassageof 83dayis. It has been stated in the House of Commons, in that confident and oflfhand tone which the subordinate members of the ,. Government are wont to assume when they know .attthori&tativecontradictioiiis out of thequestion,that I the people of Australia Xare perfectly satisfied witl the Post-office arrangements and the performance of the contract ships. Now, there is no truth in this, and, indeed, everyone must be aware that we have been perpetually grumblincg at the arrangements for the last 12 months; and the Legislature have given uinequivocal proof that they arenot "quite satisfied," by voting laroge sums of. money to promote other "a rangements,"towit,there-establishmentofsteam. It-isgenerally believed here that the mail may be brought in 52 days, eithler by the Isthmus of Panana, or by the Red Sea. Weare not quite unreasonable, however; we are aware of the exigencies of the war; but we think the Post-office autho'rities should see that the two contract lines-the 'uack Bal and the White Star-employ the best class of ships among those whidh are puffed as "cli " The Ben NeviS, for instance, neverwas a distiguished ship, and she is now comparatively old, and has been eclipsed by more modern vessels. The latet news brought by the Champion of the Seas announces the death of Lord Raglan and the repulse of the allies with considerable loss. Thlis xew's has cast a gloom over our society which it will takesomelittletimeto obviate. But though it excites our sorrovr and symn'pathy, it does not impair our cbnfidence in the final result. It is a slight check won the prestige-arising froimrepeated victory, but 'that it will be abundantly repaired by the brave fellows who are fighting for their respective coun-{.ties we cannot doubt. TheGarrisonamateurs-who,bythe way, perform admirably-give a performance this evening at the Theatre Royal for the benefit of the French widows arnd orphans. The theatre will be crowded to overflowing4 The French nation is here represented by MI. de Chabrfllon, a thorough gentleman, wlho is utiverally esteemed. The well-merited popu-larity of this gentleman reflects a sort of lustre even on the Emperor's. The digcgers of Mount Blackwood, the newest goldfield, rich in auriferous :-quartz, are now makdng a collection of specimens for the purpose of transmitting it to the Empercr of the French. I have no doubt that a --desire to gratify His Imperial Majety's worthy representative here has a large share in- the motives by which the diggers have been actuated in this . ioluntary movement-for such it is. Iwrote by the Kent on the. 12th, but having 'written not.. tong before, and the Donald 31'Kay L being then advertised to sail on the 30th, I did little more than transmit an account of the markets. I -diai however, briefly touch oit the difference which liad arien between:the Legislative Council of Tasmnania -And Sir Henry Young's Government, that is -SikE enry Younghimself-for "L'Etatc'estMoi" is a maxim not yet exploded in these parts-on a point of privilege, but involving the very exist-en'. of the Legislature as an independent body. .- The officers of the Convict Department have been publicy charged with gross peculations and various cormrpt practeps.- -A-newspaper:called the Dctily IYeC made itself conspicuous by the constant reitera'-ton ofthese charges for months. They were not me'ely general andc-sweeping charges of corruption, but specific cases were given v.ith .facts and _ If falsb, they were libelI of the grossest l kidd. But they passed for a time unnoticed- no attemnpt being made by the accused to -vindicate their characters by the verdict of a jury. At length Sir Henry Y6ung found himVCsclf compelled to institute an -inquiry, what -Pas ed no one knows, but the result was, that the officers were severely censured, but not further :iolested. This did not satisfy the Legislature, and 'i select committee was appointed to inquie into , 'the charge against the Convict Department. Dr. - Hiapton, the controller, and a Mr. Benson, a sswgeon, were summoned to give evidence. They xefused to attend, and the Speaker issued his war- ntnt -for their apprehension. Hampton barricaded ^his housei and f2edit with conriot -constables, but, --finding that an overpowering force could be com- -manded by the Council without any aid from- tlie "-{;oveinmenti he gave himself up, but still declined 'to ateld. The Speaker was served vwith a writ of )J7abkas.coi&s to bring up the body of Dr. Hampton L14efore the SUpreme Court ; he applied for instruc- '- tiqs~to the House, but, before - any further pro-. -cedns could be taken; the Governor went dow ! *tthe House and prorogued it until thc SOtIiof Oc ttober (-': 9-he questio now is as to the-powerof the Counnil -Ao enforce their own procs by conimitinent fot i;ointempt. The Council asserts its power; the':Executive deniesthat- they possess -it, and seenis X disposed to use force. This I think 'will excite - the r isycmwpathy and support o£ the other'colonies; for it -$ is question of vitaI imnportance to all their Legis- latures ... It is fortunate for the-listuretliattequestion o4 pdvilegeis not ralse in a -case which thepublic-might regard as an~ oppressionof the ijdi-- 'vidual, as -most of ainilar assertions of power, b' the House of Commons. Public sympathy wa&alr on -the- side of Burdett, of Hobhouse, -iid 'more receytr on that of Stockdsle aid of Howard. c- *l-eihcve it Iould be so here if 'any one 'of these 6 C(ou.W were to attenmpt puni, an indi$du aifor h-L libel.on a-member oron the House -eemg that the cf4-o t,ei-re opent6 tha party aggrieoidinsuch'ia case.- =,it thsw a deliberate attempt--by the Execiatiy0 o6 te ioeouc, Vof the most imprtrat nitions of t3 e: itsow-4hat;£rmiyt af inXt 4 s-' --' c c of hepivilege'of -colonial regislat-r been!r meubrought bef6ref the Pri4ty'Voil~ ~d,' >e.itlhor,h 1 lo ozne d.oes! 'iot ' express y -ovOrrIle- tj4' cther, tifeisanappareatconlictbtwet lihom. In I Beaumont v. Barrett" (1 Moore, P. 0. Case, p.! 59-the Jamaica Case), the Privy Council decided that the Jamaica Assembly had power to punish, as for a contempt, any act, whether happening within. the house or without-whether direcy disturbing their proceedings or only indirecWy tending thereto -for example, a libel on a member or on the House, and that this power was necewarily incidental to every supreme Legislature within its territorial limits. This placed the privileges of colonial LegisJatures on as broad a basis as those of the House of Conmnons. This decision was in 1836. In 1842 the same question was raised as to Newfoundland; the offence having been abusive and threatening hamguage to a member for something s?id in debate. The name of the case is "Kielley v. Carson," (4 Moore, P. C., p. 63). In this case the Privy Council did not overrule the Jamaica case, but "their Lordships were of opinion-that in this case they ought not to act on their former decision." The Jamaica Assembly- is one of very ancient date, and hatl repeatedly committed from 1680 to a recent period. MIoreover, it had passed an act in 1728, adoptin all lawvs of England theretofore used and received as lawF in the island. r. Baron Parke, therefore, put the judgment on three groundsi. That the power was incidental to RR supreme Iegislatures. 2. That it had been used for a long perlod. 3. Tnat it had been adopted by the act of George II. (1728).. The Newfoundland Legislature clearly came within the first ground; it did *not come within the second, being of recent creation (1832); and there was no proof that it had adopted the law of Parliament, with all other English laws,, as Jamnaica had done. : ; As the Newfoundland case does not overrule the Jamaica case, the Courts will, of course, endeivour to reconcile the two, and give effect to both, -if that be practicable. They will support the Newfoundlanid case in limiting the effect of the Jamaica- case, as far as the limitation can be carried; but that certainly dcoes not touch the case of a Legislature which is exercising a power necessarily ancillary to a recognized function-that of inquiring by means of the testimony of witnesses before a select committee. I oiglht to state hera that there is no respect for the Chief-Justice of Tasmania. His appointmeiAt over the head of Mr. Justice Home was petitioned against by between 4,000 and 5,000 peopleoutofapopulationrof about 65,000-that is by one-thirteenth of the whole population of Tasmania. He was, in fact, a willing tool of Governor Dcnison's in working the obnoxious convict system, and the Chief-Justiceship is believed to be the reward of his servility. All this weakens his autherity. He is, however, a fair lawyer, his industry while Solicitor and Attorney-General were very great, and he is a fluent speaker, but shallow and deficient in general information. Hampton, confident of having the Chief Justice on his side-for the Chief has still one object of ambition ungratified-namely, knighthood, is about to bring his action against the Speaker and others. The Speaker will, no doubt, plead the orders of lthe House, and so raise the question~ of r)rivilege. To this anylawyermayanticipate thattheplaintifwill demuer; andthus the leg7ality of the privilege claimed will be brought before thie Court, aS in ";Burdett v. Abbott," "Bealumont v. Barrett (Jamaica)," and "Kielley v. Carson (Newfoundland)." Whichever way the decision of the colonial Court may go there will be an appeal to the Privy Council-unless, indeed, the Legislative Council should decide upon denying the jurisdiction of the Supremre Court and of the Privy Council, and pursue their own course, regardless of the pretensions of the Court to question the privileges of the House. The Council of Van Diemen's Land has been very firn on all occasions. The majorityof the menwho compose it are men of wealth, influence, and education. I do not think they will do anthing rash, but they will be guided in a great measure by the sort of sympathy and support to be looked for here and in xNew South Wales, but particularly here, where there are a great number of Tasmanians in the upper ranks of society. SirHenryYoungseems disposed t-o push matters to extremity. I fear that our colonial Governors are too much disposed to think, that if they can reduce a political difficulty to a question of the bayonets they will best gratify the Colonial-office an(d secure their own advaucement; and I am sorry to say that, wherever there has been an attack on the people by -thetroops, the approval of the Colonial-office has invariably been hurried off to the colony with unusual speed. The instinct of "the office" seems to be to regard the people of the colonies, aid especially the popular branch of the Le-islature, as their "natural enemies;" and that Governor best succeeds who becomes most obnoxious to the people. In this case of privilege-the right to summon witnesses, remember 1-I do not see how the Tasmanian council can yield to anything short of the vis najor. Any abneoation of the claim they have set up would be suicidal Tlhe constitution ceded in 1850 such as it was-the constitution in 1854recently approved ofiwould be a mockery. A power to ippoint a select committee to inquire necessarily includes a power to summon witnesses; but, without power to enforce that summons in some way, is very like the suggestion of a public officer to a deputation which waited on Sir C. Hotham a day or two since:"There is no objection to the presence of a shorthauclvriter, only he must not take notes." A decision of the Judicial Committee against the privilege claimed would not bean iota less absurd. It. would reduced all that has passed in Parliament touching our constitutions to one gigantic false pretence. Quaxndo les aliqutid concedit, concedere videtmr et ill-u7. sine quo res ipsa esse non potest, is a maxim of law cited in the Newfoundland case, and especially applicable here. I do'not see what the Governor has to gain. by this tonVp rVdtat. The Housewillbe boundto take up the thread on the 20th of October where it left it-on the 20th ofrSeptenmber. The Governor says it is to afford an oppnortmuity of obtaining the opinion of the Sulpreme CQurt. The Council will regard sLich an opinion as a mere registration of the Govermor's edicts, and will igmore a judicial decision coming fro,m such a. source-especially as thejudges there hold office nlot " during good behaviouir," bnt during the pleasure of the Queen, i. e. of the Q-overnor. It is said that the prorogation is only to give Dr. Hampton an opportimnityto take his passage for England-most -lame and impotent conclusion. The delay is certainly vtsefulto the Legislature in this-that our Council of Victoria wsill assemble about a fortnigeht or three weeks after the reassembling of that of Tasmania; and itwould not surprise me were an expression of sympathy tobe elicited from our Council on behalf of that of Tasmania. It is generally believed that Si H. Young- is acting un-der the suggestionsalmostithe orders-of Sir W. Denison. I tur-n from this political disturbance to one of a physical nature. - On -3onday mornmig, the -17th of September, at 2.45: aJm., a shock of anl earthquake was felt in Ilelbourne'of greater force and duration than others' which iave been felt here. There was- one felt in 1846 strong enoigh- to alarm people. Two were felt in one day some montls since. Some say-they felt a slight shock on the 10th. inst., but it was ~o' felfby a very few.- This last thouOh in th.e night, reese& e'ery one; doors and windows shook, in the-6ase of loose wooden houses the knockers took to kn6cking ad4 4omite, the-whole vibration lasted 35-seconds, and was preceded by a- rushing sound and accompanied by a rumbling. It was felt at Geelong 40 miles off in a straight line. Its direction appearedtome tobe'S;S.W. to N.N.E., -but others thiink- it was the other way. Those who :have- experienced ,earthquakes in New Zealand treated, it verylightlyi.considering it-very slight and quite incapable of doingdamage. -: , . Lola. Montes is. here; *she - cane last -from San Francisco, and hal appeared sveyral tines at the 1Tet Theatie RoyaL S ommei'aed with a drama, in five sections, rathei- 'tNin -, t cdntaining- the -Irineipl pases in her-own.life. We her a'the :lans.eusc-the connteisthe -exibe the-.politiciin-the, traveller.. * The- .piece-. as nij -very attractive, and it dropped. It was not more successful in Sy:diiey. Aft*rvards sh p4ued the tarantela dance, called, in'order fb enlightef the patives2 the A-"spidEr's-dance Th-eAri pW ioftflcdit&"de -eht>' and- th6 'xrespe6table'?. wouldn't:go;: ' I thlikit not uWikely that Lola mayihave ovem*tod. her. -pap, -but, without~ that,- I&an easilconce.ive tlatarn ordun~ ballet. exhibition -woulil tie ;the uninitiated -a liittle bS; suidyie,i XPhter is-a gooi dealdf stag'e 'talent of vErof~nis9 iin ebiieS -justno. - G: V .'Brooke s ovewfoeiibletlelhifeions sfa kelpeare Esatmsf, 4Urpubli >-.ianny1 tl cart-was his =eroine, but he~i faa-een - p by anJ lacyon, wim4tation "eyxqVir v. w fnee'. .pmoab'al&.to b-efolitou~e&b 1~ iaci ,ion mmili - toii of gzniing 'g*eat :shexitli -Wd Oh ohab -Cl;thb in3 stvaand atnative4 :'Tmna-.ia dI.ne 'Carki(binl, 3 lawdy wvith an exqux..i*e voice, a fie ear, and good style and taste, and Coulon as basso, whose voice wants tone and volume, but who is an excellent musician and a good actor. There is also atolerable tenorandanotherbasso, aMr. Gregg, | with a better natural voice than Coulon, but inferior in all other respects. Numerous German street bands-some of them excellent-are also tending to improve our mnsical taste. some six months since some of your readers will recollect that a man namled Garratt was c *ptured in England, and sent out to the colony, charged as one of the men who " stuck up the Bankof Victoria!' as the phrase is here. there seems a probability that he will get off at last for want of evidence. Two of his companions have been already convicted, chiefly on the evidence of an approver, one Quinn. This fellow has since gone to New Zealand, and the police have sent for him; but he is not likely to come unless forced, inasmuch as before his departure he did a little murder on his own account. f he comes back at all, it willrnmosv likely be under an accusation and a warrant that will put his own life or liberty in peril, unless, indeed, the messengers find him hanged off already for anew crime committed in New Zealand. This course of crime and punishment is by no means uncommon among the men recommended as "eligible for private service," or for a ticket of leave, or a conditional pardon, by the Controller of convicts of Van Diemen's Land. You will find an account in some of the papers of "rumoured disturbances at Ballarat." It was a very trifling affair indeed, and was nothing more than tne local police was able to suppress, and that by persuasion rather than force. An attempt was made by some diggers to invade private property, reported to be anriferois, under an impress:on that. they may go anywhere. The Government was prepared to reinforce the police by a draught from Melbobrne, but before they could move the first accounts were found to be exa-ermted. In last night's Gazette the Egislative Council is aggain prorogued until the 6th of November, but not for the despatch of business. A further prorogation will, therefore, take place, but not for very long. We expect the new constitution by the August mail. Its chief use is that it gives the new Assembly powver to carry out further reforms. It is very defective in many respects. It was passed by a Council, the representatives of which were elected when the population was about 70,000. As to the present population of 300,000, the old members are mere nominees. The fresh intelligence of our 230,000 " now chums" is not representedLI It is only a few of the recently elected members who can be said to represent the new order of things. By the way, Mr. Ball, the tinder-Secretary for the Colonies, should be informed that this colony of Victoria is not New South Wales. One hour's lesson in Australian geography from some experienced clerk in "the office" would save the gentleman fiom blunders which are, of course, mere trifles in themselves, and are so regarded, no doubt, by the House of Commons, but which, nevertheless, increases the contempt in which "the office" is held in all these colonies. PoPruL. ox .As TRADE. A corrected return of the population of this colony, based on the census of 1854, and corrected by arrivals and departures, and births and deaths, has been published by the Registrar-General. A former estimate, compiled by the Argts, gave a total of 306,586. The official return comes before the public with the stamp of authority, but from what I know of the errors of the census I believe the actual popullation to be greater than either total:- "T1{B POPULATION OF VICTORA. 'The ffloowin- return of the population of the colony of Victoria on the 30th of June, 1855, computed from the registers of births and deaths and the returns of the inmnigration agent, is published in yesterday's Gazette. "cEssus RETURx. 51ales. Females. Totals. Population acwording to the census of the 26th of April, 1854 ... ... 155,887 80,911 236,793 A " INCREAmSE. Arrivals by sea from the 26th of April to the3Lst of December,1854 ...39,388 17,245 E6,631 Ditto from the 1st of January to the 30th of June, 1855 . 31,003 11,G67 42,670 Births from the 28th of April to the 31st of December, 1854 3 ...3,088 2,965 6,053 U Ditto from the 1st of Januaryvto the 30th of June, 1855 ... ... 2793 2,710 5.503 76,270 34,587 110,857 "DECREASE.- Deparbures by sea from the 26th of Aprilto the 31st of December, 1854 18,054 3,997 22,031 Ditto from the ist of January to the 30th of June, 1-855 . 11,226 3,361 14,587 Deaths from the 26th of April to the 31st of Decenmber, 1854 .. 2,283 1,283 3,566 a DittofronmtheUstofJann- ary to the30th of June, 1855 ... ... 2,358 1,566 3,924 33,921 10,207 44,123 Population according to the census of 1864 ... 5,837 80,911 238,793 A Increase by births and iammigrationtothe30th of June, 1855 ... ... 76,270 34,587 110.837 23,157 115,493 347,655 Decrease by deaths and emigration totthe 30th of June, 1855 ... ... 33,921 10,207 44,123 198,238 105,291 303,527 The ascertained population of Victoria on the 30th of June, 1855, thus amoLnted to 303,527 persons. NORMAN CAIPBEIL, Registrar-General. "NVote.-A, including 22personswvhose sex wvas not specifid B, corrected from returs received since the date of the Census Report, the 6th of March, 1855." To this official retur I add the arrvaLs and de-. parures since the last accounts transmitted to you:- Week ended. Arrived. Departed. Increase. Aug. 25 ... 1,114 ... 317 ... 797 Sept. 1 ... 1,202 ... 386 ... 816 ,, 8 ... 416 ... 103 ... 313 15 ... 5 ... 176 ... 362 22 ... 1,020 ... .255 ... 76.3 29 ... 2,106 ... 500 ... 1,606 6,396 1,737 4,659 . The Chinese arrivals and departures during the period are said to be about equal. I take from NMr. Kuhll's gold circulars the foUlowing statement, which brings the account down to last Id ht COMIARATIVE QUARTFIRLY STArMM'r OF GOLD PRO. -bUCED. iN 1854-1855. - 1854. 1855. , . Ounces. Ounces. July ... ... .. 188,246 166,19i August ... .... . 1.. - 37,148 176,742 September ... ... 176,310 . 253,113 7501,04 596,053 ' 50,704 . - Increase on the quarter ... 94,349 Increase on the year ... 162,314 Number of persons arrived ..; 2,106 Number thathave left. 500 Addition this week ... 1,606, and year 43,015 "The escortshavebroughtfrom- . Mfount Alexander and Bendigo 17,484 ounces Ballarat, including Geelong ... 15,983 IThe Ovens ' 7,633 Yfaryborouggh ........... ... ... 5,388 DaisyHlll *. ... 1.. ,420Avoca ... ... . ... ... ; 616 hdZvor .... . ... 569 'Anbunt this week ' -49,103,anclycar 1,523702 Gold shipped inl855 ... ... ... ... 11,i,24 .Per'Trfnueil& Macao 5,7M5 PerDona to:diterpoolt ....'..- 10;00- Shipped to end-f thi&qi rber in 1855 .*1 925 942 Ditto ditto -'tto 1854 1,653,999.ncrease oyer 185 .. .. 271,943 J 2O0r8n;tls4cis't.'3qrs 201b. 2L, at 80*..;-.£7;7I3,763"i Exchange oq Pmndon.-Draughts ainst sold, tSken at elrdr.. a ' 'Eeieht of $gold, per ounce, delivered at the tidlion-ofie,' Bank of- England, Liondon. l-hasu Icb-rferecnti The -price duiringfthweveis'as . hbetenlfs.t 3d. to 76,ui,6d. .,-; -. l.Ther jisono-fea4ture in all these returns. wMilk Wi -ye , sa actor2-in,emy,, that the earlies4,worked- egbl 'f n B and B&ia aco4t t yield T:c ¶Mli p auli i,colnts'of ioirtsLbnijiprt de'.iverie3and ;cls,ex.hibif Vmarked fealiresstof sa. .h,ea1t4 tr,%d siewd expqrp ranid- rdni ishd iougWt3j,r&8L^^ .o,fj,oourlynQ rwerws.,.are 3agaciolS - ad- have tRste meeas of rinipirztin-g, wiiI do well ,bast: this r,equires loc:tl iform..ittjini as thtere areS iIbU many articles in excess of thb demand, 'and they of course will not rillyuntil consumptionr, waste, and destruction have reduced stocks. I have formerly shown that this process is necessarily rapid here. Flounrshows sometendeneydownwards;it is quoted at from 351. to 421.-an absurd range which shows the very uncertain state of the market. I do not believe that any has lately been sold at 421,, ancd De Graves is charging only 351. The millers are buying wheat at 14s. per bushel. A new tariff has passed the New South Wales Council whicli increases the duties on all the articles selected for import. Sir Willinunr Denison in Ids finance miinute attempted an attack on thei pinciple of a tariff of few articles; but that would have been a step backvwards and the Government was obliged to abandon it. SirAWilliam was beaten, and fairly reasoned down on the subject in Van Diemen's Land in 1852. The following is the simple tariff, modelled on that of Van Diemen's Land:- "On brandy and gin, lOs. pergallon'; on whisky, rau, and all other spirits, 7s. ditto; on sweetened spirits, cordials, &c., lOs. ditto; on perfumed spirits, 7s. ditto; on fortified wine,. lOs. ditto; on wine, unfortified, 2s. ditto; on tea l1d. perlb.; onrefLned sugar, 3s. 4d. percwt.; on raw sugar, 2s. 6<1. ditto; on treacle and molasses, Is. 8d1. ditto * on coffee and chicory, 2d1. per lb.; on cigars, a;* ditto; ontohacco and- snuff, 2s. ditto;* on ale and porter, 6d. Per gallon; on. spirits distilled in the colony from imported sugar, 6s. 8(L. ditto ; on spirits distilled froma grain, 75. ditto; all other articles are free."_________ ____
TTHE RUGELEY POISONING CASES. -W Exertions are being now made by the chief constale of tho Staffordsliire police force, and by the various officers under him, in the neighbourhood of Rugeley, to ascertain what has become of the large sum of money which the deceased {Cook} had in his possession at Shrewsburyafter the wnning of his horse Polestar. A witness, W.ho saw Palmer and the deceased in company at the house where the unfortunate man was drugged, says that the roll of notes that Cook then had could not, if they had each been of the value of 5l., have amounted to a less sum than 1,0004 At a later hour in the same day, and in Cook's roomatthe innat Shrewsbury, the same witness saw the prisoner and the deceasedplayingcardstogetherforheavystakes. Which of the two -as the more successful at that play is not kno-n; but there is good reason to believe that Cook had at least 1,00O. in his purso when he vwas removed from Shrewsbury to Rugeley, yet only about l5f. can now be accounted for. 104, 'was paid by the deceased to Saunders, the trainer of his horse; and 51. and a fewshillings was the only money found in Mr. Cook's pockets after his decease. The question naturaUyarises, what has become of the remainders The police have discovered that within a few days of hlr. Cook's death Palmer paid to respectable tradesmen in Rugeley two notes of 50 each, and two other notes of the same value were changed at the bank, at Rugeley, by his groom. Two of these notes have been imponnded, and the numbers of three of them are known. We append a description of the notes, and hope that the colunums of Tile Timer may be the means of discovering to whom they were paid in the first instance. One of them is of the Newmarket Bank-, No. A 200, dated tle Lst of October, 1830; another is a Bank of England note' (London) No. i. H. 46,341, dated the 8th of June, 1855, amd as upon the hack of it the names of "White, Ludlow, and Co.," and ' Gregory and Son," tcith the date 12, 11, 55. The ioth and 12th days of November (the eleventh month) fell, it wvill be remembered, in the woeek in which the Shre chiury races were held. The third note is elso of the Bank of England (London), No. J. H.* 48,108, and dated the 8th of .June, 1855; on the back of it is the name of " Hickel, S. I.," and on the face of it "Hlerries." Any information respecting these notes should be addressed to the chief constable of the Staffordshire police, at his office in Staffbrd. It has been before stated that the deceased had determined to leave the turf this year. He appears to have come to a similar resolve at an earlier period of his life. About two years ago, before starting for some races, he remarked to two young men of aboiit 20 years of age each, the sons of a friend at whose house he was a guest-" My boys, never beta shilling on anything; you will repent it if you do. This will be the last year I will ever interfere in betting." He frequently said that he should not live tiUl he was 30. It is not genieraUy known that the deceased 3Mrs. Palmer, in the intestines of whose corpse, as was stated in 27e iTimes on Saturday, Professor Taylor, of Guy's Hospital, has alrcady discovered traces of arsenic, was a ward in Chancery. During a long period before her marriage to Palmer her guardian resolutel opposed the union, and the Master in Chancery also withiheldhis consent for sonmc time. Yielding, however, to the entreaties of the young lady herself, both objectors subsequently ceased their opposition, and the marriage ensued. Respecting the sporting proceedings of both 'the prisoner And Cook, and 'the great intimacy which subsisted between them, a sporting paper says,- "Among syorting men the subject of the alleged murder, or. murders, is stil the rulingtopic of conversation, and the sensation which was created on the first disclosure of the horrid particulars is rather deepened than diminished. Both Palmer and the deceased were well known to evely person connected with the turf; their horses wvere trained together, they lived on the most intimate terms, andinvarlably lodged at the same hotel at the different race meetings which they frequented. They were.behevedto be confederates in racing matters, and poor Cook placed the most impLicdt confiderce in Palmer's judgment. - Of Palmer, he wvould always speak familiarly as " I'he Doctor." Once, in the month of October, Palmer was driving Cook to Rugeley in a gigt, -when the vehicle upset; but we believe that Pahmer was the more injured of the two. Palmer was considered to be rathera fortumate man on the turf, and a juiet, careful better. He Nvon some large-stakes in the course of his time. In 1853 his horse, Goldfinder, carried off the Chester Cup.. During the past racing season he was not quite 'sd successful; stil, by his horse CChcken, vhich he purchased for a large sum, he won many good stakes, besides bets.. The Chiclen. however, was twice beaten at the Liverpool Autumn Meeting, when he was heavily backed; and once at the last meeting at Shrewsbury, where it is supposed the first dose of poison was administered to poor Cook. Nettle, who was first favourite for the Oaks, and who fel over the chain, breaking her rider's thigh, also belonged to Palmer. Mr. Cook had a long career of i luck. His losses during the past season could not have fallen far short of 7,0004. By the success of his mare, Polestar, however, at Worcester and Shrewsbury, he won nearly a moiety of that amount.
ITHE CIVIL SEBVICE SUPERANNUATION TAX. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TINES. Sir,-I hear it sometimes remarked that a time of warand war taxes is a most impolitic season for the civil service to urge its claims for a redress of its grievances upon Parliament; but when it is recollected that to the greater portion of us, in addition to the common burdens of doable incometas and high prices borne by our fellow-citizens, v.ar brings lengthened hours and enormously increased duties without a single countervailing advantage in pay or honour, we may surely be thought to have some claim on public considera. tion if 'we can show any special burden pressing unfairly upon us as a class. About three-fout-ths of the 12,000 gentlemen who have *ntered the civil senrice since 1829 have, therefore, oonsidered this no inappropriate time to ask Parliament to'amend the act 4th and 5th of William IV., chap. 24, which reduced our superannuation allowances to one-half the value of those previouslygranted, and, in addition, imposed a heavy tax upon us, in aid not only of our own pensions, but of those of our predecessors in office. In bringin their grievance before Parliament they have drawn particular attention to the following points - - First, that the scale of superannuation allowed to men who have entered since 1829 is so small that no one will accept a pension who can possibly eseape it by remaining in the service, even though his infirmities render him almost useless to the State. The name of apension is thus rendered a inere mockery to the aged clerk, while the promotion o' the efficient junior-depending upon the retirement of his senior-is indefinitely postponed. An unmitigated evil thus accruesboth to the service and the State. Secondly, that, for this nominal benefit, a special tax is imposed upon us; and, as if the Government of the day had 'studied to render our burden as galling as possible, it is cal- culated at such a ratio that, in a few years, the mere interest Pf the.°apital sum abstracted from us since 1829 will be sufficient to pay the retiring allowances of the whole service. leaving the tax from that time a clear source of revenue to the public. - * Between 8,000 and 9,000 of us, belonging to the War Dopartment, them Innd Revenue, the Admiralty, the Postoffice, theCustoras, and,, indeed, every large department under Governmient, novw pray tiat.tlie superannuation scale should be made a real and not a-nominal benefit; and, as we make no claim on the Government for the large sum that we have aT;eadi paid, -we trust that Parliament will deal in- a generous spirit with the public -servants, sad abolish a tax -which, while it caabe of no great moment to the zevenue, is' still sufficient as a class tax to cause great hardship in the service.' . . - ._ : committee of gentlemen from some of our smaller offices have adopted and press upon Goversunent a scheme of Dr. Fasres for the conversion of the tax into a widows' fund; butthree-fourths of those liable to it, having no confidence in the management of such-a fnid, knowing that tormer Governmaents have broken faith in appropriating 'imilar'funds' on their oiwvaterms, and above all, considering thisscheme a mero postponerienttill ftertheirdeathof a redreq of the grievanco they suffer dunn8 their life, wish -to beleft 'to ake their own a'rrangeoknents. vnth insurance- ' offices after their own fashion, holding with Sir Charles Tre.velyan; that "the State shoulid deal an ii9sprit of. equity *and generosity-with its own servants,,leavingthem to m4ake su ltpro'rision as'thev thik fiSt for their wives end children. '1!he-.elapon of 94he '4 .tis;1 with- ita aervaiist' and .tlit of'the se'rvanjts with theii fa'n'llie.,. ;.. WIth eagrMteftil ~scrse of yUoar gy thly' tand sapport l haive the honour to be, Sir, - .; l f;^ l 0Your very humble ser^vtne i ' h CLERE IN ONfE'OF TBE-WAR DEXA:RTMIENS. D4r. 29,
AMERICA. '[A shiaey of the following received y electric tele. graph, appeared in our second editio of yesterday :-3 LIVi3ERPOOl Din. 3.3 The Royal mail steamship = merica,aison;ommander, arrved here this moming from Boston and Halifax, with dateslrom NewYork to the-18th inst., and $308,149 n specie on freight. The United States' mail steamship Baltic, hence, arrived at New Yorl on the 13th. nst. The Royal mail eamship Asi-, hence, had arrived out on the&l8thi. We have again to report the non-arival of 'the President's message, the difficulty of electing a Speaker by Congress not having been overcome, although 64 ballots had beefn taken. - Ilr. Banks at the last ballot obtained 105 votes (seven short of the number necessary to an election) and continued to be the favourite. The general opinion was that he would ultimately be elected. Pending a resolution offered by Mr. 1'horington, of Iowa, for the election of a Speaker by plurality, the House again adjourned. Important asdvices had been rec'eived at the State Department at Washington, from the American Ministers at London, Madrid, and Copenhagen. Those from Mr. Buchanan confirm the statement that our Government had declined giving any further explanations. The correspondent of the Neto York Herald at W.ashington writes, that the language o'f Lord Pahmerston to Mr. Buchanan is, that "the American Government can expect nlothing fiuther through our exertions to get the redress demanded by diplomacy; that the Fsentiment was not intended to convey hostility on the part of Great Britain; but it applied as a fixed determination not to make further apologies, those already nmade being deemed nll that the case callcd! for." He adds.-" It would seem that Mr. Marcy and the President have agreed upon the one point-that in the event by the next arrival-which proved tobc the Baltic-there should be no alteration in the British Minister's course towards the United States upon the subject of her demand, which vwas a satisfactory apology or the displacement of her Minister,the' subject should be referred to Congress for immediate action." Upon the subject of the Spanish difficulties the correspondent says,- "NTotwzithtanding ths repeated assertions made by the Unzion of this city, that Spain had settled her difficulties with the United States, it is nowv found that there is not a sshitary case where redress has been given, further thlan promises are concern ed. It was the wish of the President to hear once mere from Europe before his message Mas placed before Congress, and it is probable, from information which I have just received, that anxiety is expressed by him for Congress to proceed at once to business." The Union1 of Washin?jton reports that an umknowsn donor, full of admiration for the gallant defence of Sebastopol, had sent to the chief of the Russian Legation a check for $4,000, the amount of which was to be distributed among, "the wlidows and orphans of the Russian soldiers who fell bravely fighting for their homes against foreign aggressions." It is stated that the President purposes to recommend the purchase of the Hudson's Bay Company's possessions on the north-west coast of America. Two proclamations had been issued by the President. 'De first was against the Nicaragua Filibusters, and the second, an announcement that Newfoundland, having compled with the provisions of the reciprocity treaty with the British North American provinces, would be entitled to all the privileges accruing therefrom. Under the treaty the following articles will be admitted into tIme United States free of duty -Grain, flour, and breadstuffs of all kinds; animals of all kinds; fresh, smoked, and salted meats; cotton wool, seeds and vegetables, undried fruits, dried frutits, fish of all kInds, products of fi-sh and all othercreatures living in the w;ater, p6ultry, eggs, hides, furs, skins, or tails, undressed; atone or marble in its crude or unw;rought state, slate, butter, cheese, tallow, lard, horns, manures, ores of metals of all kinds, coal, pitch, tar, turpentine, ashes, timber and lumber of all kinds, round, hewed and sawed, unmanufactured in whole or in part; firewood, plants, shrubs, and trees, pelts, wool, fish oil, rice, broom corn and bark, gypsum ground or unground, hewn or wrought or unwrought burr or grindstones, dyestuffs, flax, hemp, and towv, unmanufactured, unmanufachtred tobacco and rags. The Aew York- Herald, commenting uipon the former of these proclamations, says - "For six months past General Walker has been permitted, without molestation, to collect his troops in Califonia, and ship them off to Nicaragua, in that great enterprise of the liberation and Americanization of that benighted country, and of the equally benighlted regions that surround it. Why did not the President issue this procamation of his six, four, three, or two months ago? Why does he issue it now, when it is like loecdng the door after the horse has been stolen? Cuii bon 5? 'What's the use of a proclamation after General Walker has conquered Nicaragua, and secured . North American troops enough to conquer all Central America? We suspect that Mr. Pierce does this to throw dust into the eyes of John Bull and the slippery Northern dcmnocrats of Congress. To the formnerhe desires to show Ihow scrupulously our neutralty obligations are respected inl contrast wvith Cram,pton's enlistment outrages; to the latter he desires to show t.hat he is 'eally opposed to the flihustering subjugation and absorption of CentralAmerica and Mexito for the benefit of the Sonth. Furthernore, we imagine that this proclanmation is intended as a gentle hint to colonel Parker IL French, the Envoy Extraordir and 3Iinister PlenipotenW7 from General alker's Government to ours, that he can't come in. Certainly, for aU other purposes this dainty proclamation is behind time. It comes out after the filibusters have gone in." The navigation of the North River waa closed. Twho persons had been arrested at Lawrence, cassachmusetts, charged with having committed a robbery of $50,000 in gold fromthe A&merican Express Company, wthile in hranrsitt between Dubuqule and Niew York. The steamship CArescent City, from Newv York for New Orleans, ?rid? Havannak had: been wrecked on the Mattev-ia Reef, Bahama Banks; The passengers, crew, and baggage wvere saved and taken to Nassau by the wreckers. The vessel had bilged, and it was feared that she wouldc prove a total loss. The brigantine Alms had been chartered to convey the passengers and mails to their destination. Accounts from Kanzas reqresent the inlabitanfa of that territory as being unde- arms in response to-the call of Govermor Shannon. 3,000 men are said to be aheady in the field to put down the oppoilents of - law and order. A violent collision between the belligerents -was expected. A Mr. Parsons, of Massachusetts, informs the Ch-icago Tribune that 700 inen were under arms in Lawrence, and 318'Miessouriang were at Waukesa Creek, seven miles distant, 'with rifles and cannon.- Mr. Parsons met a company of lMissoulian bearing arms, just ovei the border, on the 4th inst. They had baggage waggins anid stores wvith them. On the 6th he savw another squad wvith three pieces 'of artillery abstracted from Clay CountyArsenaL The squad wias swearing violently that they would burn Lawrence and Idll all the Abolitionists. Mr. Parsons says that the stories of Free-Stte men burniing houses and commsittin~g violence afe all false. The stesiniship Empire City had arrived at \New York from Aspinall wtith $1,503,358 for gold dust, and the California mails to the 20th. The intelligence hadbeen anticipated. At Panama very heavy rans had prevailed. '9nor Obando was on trial in Carthagenia, and Sen6er Plata, Secretary of the Treasury, had resigned.' Bolivar's birthday had -been celebrated waith greatjoy.- -'The iailway was in good order. - - Advicos from 31exico to the 8th, and Vera Cruz to the 5th inst., liud'beet received. A conspiracy hiad been disoovcr6d; the obj6ct being to make Geneiallitrago president. -Neagra Padre Miranda, and Colonel Assbllo had been awrested for beimg conceremd in the fair, which caused great excitement, -The.±iavannah-correspondclnceof the Yew Yor-.- :.Tomir7a< of Co,iennarce, 'nnder the head of "Suspected 'European Intrigue.in MI s&,".says: 'i Strong effort ire -leing made to'prevent Alvarez from: giving form and stab,i,ty to his Government. and to overthrow.it if possible , in w hit it 'Wstated that European emissaries-are at work, tmdder tho'ay,W leid, and influence of the Mwnistlreptatives of the Crimean allies, with M mes of force and, means, orL the part of France aad Eng- id, to, sutai-x a-new. Goverinent if Uased np?o European pelify, kc."' .:-<t -. - : , The'Havannah correspondeneeIof -the papersstates thait a grand religious celebration, with a -view of impressinganore firmly on the public mind a be- lie,f n'the -d,octrine ,of 't, e hiac.imlate concept;ion,' had takes pla4iisthe cluhM7choSan 'Caches.: -' -' T he2 a gar-msakct--waa aStive hat' freight& 4era VThe enezuela dates ,. to the.7th ni The -Assembly h.'nmetnat Cara s' amlna electead Senori Ze,r,,nudes p.resi,dent by a I,r ,majority - Accounts f lIndil±~rams'torfthat Calahas ha been defeate,d, andcGenerALiido elected jresiflent' It was stated that the Mini4terifrornmcossZ-lTci: tothe lUnitedaStates iad-,give:notie-t-hat hi3 Go-: vernme6t, toget'hei with Guatemnals San Salvnr, and Honduras, had formed a league for the pir pos of cxpelling Genelal Walk-er and-- hzfollowergtro= the country; and it is also stated thatithe United States' Govermncnt wouldnot reoeive 31. French, the ne-wI Minister from Nicaragiia. Advices from.Poib-au-ERdmne report that fever wra stillraging. All theEngliBh and French vessels had lost twoorthree men each. TheEmperorFaustin L intended marching, with his entire- army against the Dominicans. DH vwouldrast attack Lacapohms5 and conteinlplated entering the'city -of St. Doinugo, on-Wew Year's-day. - -a From our commercial adviees we learn that money had becon:e extremely abundant on call loans. Althoughafewlarge a:mounts hadlbeRlnegotiated at a fraction under 7 per cent., first:tss paper was still difficult to negotiate'under 10 :O 12 per cent. The Bank statement showed a sligW'increase of loans, with a falling off in specie a;dKeposits.. The cessation of specie -sbipments-'.broad and the lare reeeipts' from California would, it was expected,, turn the scale. The deiitaru for exchl-nge on Eirope had been moderate; rates, however, -were firm. On Londoni 10% to 109; Paris, 5 17V; to 5 214; Amster4im, 413 to 41i; Bremen, 784 to 781. Contou was without change. The receipts for the -0eek had been the l-rgest on record, being 144,00(.bales, against 125,0D0 bales during the corresponding Week of 1852. The exports continued large. Th- stimated crop had' been for the past two or three weeks 3,500,000 bales. The Baltic's advices have caused a decline of 1S8c. to 25c per barrel in the common qualities of flour. Wrstern Canal, $3 Vie. to $8 50c. per barrel. Wheat was in fair demaand for shipment at last week's prices. Indian corn 1c. to 2c. per bushel lower. In provisfons, new mess pork was dull at $19 to $19 6*. Beef, without alteration, and the demand moderate. Cut meats were steady. Butter had an upward tendency;lnd cheese was firm. In freigts there vwas not much offering. In naval stores the market was inactive. Iron iirm; sales 550 tons. (LATEST BY TvLEx GEU.) - 21EW YOflE, TursnDAy'EvmsN'e, Dxc. 20. TheABia'snewr.ifromEurope,puhlished inthe.Ne-.r York papers of yesterday, has had no effect on this nmarket, so far as cotton is concerned. Breadsnfih of all kinds have, however, declined. M1oney ti;day was easy. Exchange on London, 109. NEW ORLIEi"S, Dw. 19. The Asis advices havo advanced cotton 4c. Salea to-day 24,000. Middling,- 9c. Freights to Livarpool, {c. WASULNGTON, DEc. 1. No election yet for Speaker. r . ) SOUTEUA10TON, Momxn, DEc. 31. The United States' mail steamaship Union, Capttain Adams, arrived off Cowes this morning, en radtc from New York for Havre, with about 40 passeng-ers, $125,000 in specie for France, and the usual cargo. Inconsequence of a thick fogthe Union-was prevented from sailing from New York until the 17th iast., being48 hours after her adverti'sed date of departure. The Royal mail steamship Baltic, for Liverpoo1, leaving on the following WVednesday, tlhe UniSn'a mails -were placed on board. The latter vessel:ha3 therefore arrived without the nsual Government contract mails. The Baltic havig arrived at Liverpool this morning, the intelligence by the Union has in consequence been anticipated. r
SIGUvR DFsAT Hi ox Fnn{r0.-A young 'ooy, named Henry Harrison, whose parents resideia_t Fulford, near York, came to his death under circumstances of ainost painfulandsingular character onThursdaylast.- Thn unhappy youth, 13 years of age, was employed 'by 3rr. Gorgo Sutton, of Yorlk, proctor, as an office-boy. He had bea,n m good health during Thursday np to half-past 4 tclocl; iki the afternoon, when he complained to Mfr. Sutton that he, was ilL lMr. Sutton was about to proceed to his residence at Fulford, but observing that the boy looked i-ery paTe ho a3ked him some questions as to what ailedhim, when thi boy statedthat he had been playing-ithhis penknife audi had hurt himself. Mr. Sutton at once callcd in an assitat of MIr. Davison, a druggist, who, the poor lad having-faintted, applied the usual restorativee, and he somewhat rerived. hlr. . llen, surgeon, was then sent for, -and he, on ejamination, foundthat the boy had receired a s6ratch on the chest, from which two or three drops of blood had 310'wd. Mr. Alen was satisfied that there was nothing, in this ininay, cer sf, toacconntm-forthe state the boy was in,"nnd came to the conclusion that- he was labourng rnder a S8vece sh6ck of fear. He'thoight he might walk home very s-el, but Mr. Sutton took lIhin toEFlford himself in a ca-,-and committed him to the care of his parents, one of whoni, his father, to Mr. Sutton's astonishment, arrived at his house between tlVo or three hoursafterismrd andinformedhin thatthe poorladwasdead. It seems thatthedeceasedhad an elder brother who was also in Mr. Sutton's employiisent, and who bled to death about two months ago from hlaving a 'tooth drawn.. Avery painful impression was thus produced upon the mind of the younger brother, who, beirg of the same constitntion, formed a prdileection that he also iould come to his endin the ne aysome day; and it is. posed that upon see a the hio wiich came frorn scratch he accidentally nflicted upon himself on Thuisday he v-as seized with an overwhehning dread that it vvould prove fatal, and thus the nervou system received a shock fm whish it could not rally. An inquestwas held at the Saddle Inn, Fulford, - on Friday afternoon, before Mr. J. Wood, coroner, when the juy returned a verdict in accordance vith the above facts-viz., "That the deceased died from fright."! T ED EZZUEENT BY A SHAaEDROu 'S C1P.I.--At the Leeds borougfh sessioas on Friday, before MIr. P. F. Ellis, Eecorder, a young man, named Robert Edv in 2Rohinson, 'was charged, un3der three indictments-first; with embezzling t1)0.; secondly, ith embezzling a coupon for-16V., Leeds; stocr, three dh-idend warrants, a certifcate for 15 West-Ridng UEnion Shares, and 941 lOs. in money,- and, thirdly, with stealng the said docaments and-i one , the same Obeng the propert of his employer, MIr. Wfliam vMarshall, sharebroker, Leeds, in wvhose service he'-was as confidenti a clerk With reference to the first charbe, it appears that on the 11th of October last MIr Xarshall gave the prisoner a 1001. Bank of England note to. remiit>o his London agent, Mr. Cawthorn. "The prisoner debited: himself in the rough cashliook for the receipt of it, and also credited<hmmself for the payment of it to Mr. Cawthorn. On the inorhing of the 14th (Sunday) Mr. Marshall -regeived an opened lettermfrom Mr. Cathorn, through the airdsomf the prisoner (byho ned to get the morning letters from the post and open them), but at contained no acknowvledgment of the payment of the 1001.; and on the following daythe pisonef's attentie!n was drawnto the eirconisance, .when he said he wronld'wite abont'it. On the evening of the 15th and the morning of-the- 16th-the letters were takens fromi the post by the prosecutor's son, and amnongD the M1onday's letters was one froni Messrs. Ieardshawv stockbrokers, London, enclosing two contracts for 100 Dovers, and another from the same firm foriazdin" the contracts -for-4,000. Midland Stock. 31r. Mlarsh-fl knew nothing about these transacHions; and, 1 b6ns4uence of w-hat transpired between hin iand the prisoner, the3atter absconded on the l8th,-and it *vas then discovered thA oever the entry fcr the payment of -1001. to MIr. Caw-hior-i had been written the -fgn ues "40." The prisoner's cdl^s was broken open, and-in it was found zzletter from 3Ir.-Cawthorn, dated the 12th, aclknowlodging the.receipl of bank paper for 401 Upon this it *as alleged the prjsnaWer had enei1led the other 00.. Foi the-defence; hovever,it was sfhown that the prisoner's payments on the Ilth.on account of his master e-ceeded his receipts, and it. was sn ,ested that, actin- as he-thought -best forhis employer, he baa paid -.35l. to-a rocal -client, and remitted 401.. to London.. The jury foumd a verdict of Not gulty. The second charge was of n much. nore complicated character. On the 18th of Sigs the -prisoner instructed M 3essr. Bearabit purclhase 5,0001. Mlidland Stock for his-master.- After the purchawe the stock fall, aad was continued from account to account.- Some 41> or 5Ole,ters piassedbetvreen -the prisoner, in the name of -is niads r; and Messrs. Bearddhs, laut,nono of the prisoner's letters were ever entered i the coy-hoo4 and none of' MIessrs. lleardesh-' lctters evcs'!reaclsti Mr. Marsal. Incozsequence of the stb3ckbeing contin d over from account to account, the prisoner hadto pSy tlXeg' differeiies'1 and this he did by paying toM3esars. Berla's Leeds agents gm. -oddn the iaiddie of September; andf &ubsequently r asmittingto,messrs. Beardsh a cpon for165& Ieeds stock, a certihetice for 15 WB iduagJions, and three divind wiaramts, whiclhhis mnsterheldes MtDI es for muoney ads-anced.PEOctolbdrhe antliorieeessrsBe.tnlshaw to p urebase 100 DoTreen onaccount of his m2aster. }r,Mr. iuill denied al kno*ledge of the8e ctiomsikjustbe. 1ore-the ptisonerabacon-de& anid sai&thatthejpesonerli2d no autbrity to speculate in stoc'kou his account: Wbentbchletter fontainins the)overaconirac sa asdc-tved th?epnsonersaad t wai hittspake,ulah wensould teuiscohem,-und ae.letter was-trnsforedrMo the c6p1-booksto that eIfect,-bntofr he mdi left the eontracts were founadim Elk desL- OCiJastten. tieh borb dran bhXr.' Mlarshbl to the pureir<seeCof the -?fidfard Stok he amttedhie.hid inSlo the pnfchn and -Caidthe differences" ithoutany authority, but-said hlo h-d naede the DU thinking it anieht dod hizaster booLWAia th ie- fdkrfier casa,it 5iiiqd~tEltat the ~prisoner bad desivednKo hneflt fon thie p mnhssand had ixid the-money and securities -heny s chaIiedwith em-be ohaccOiiuh afte,e i,*hich'bad sihtdIbesziltaker hitheprsEecutor. -lBe bad acted4o the besk .of disa-ndg . ,mentfr his .maei s interest, ond the -s litlh had yrioe6h'.rfa;lue 'tIie olr4 efi tould,tisveiaie'u e any. thdtinof te-easi a-is ca e he is ound Ii,y;,.ithie a * recoaancmdatiun-to .am"aic' a;nd-entesuecd T;O- be mpisensord foE eight inabth-, i:; harys~ e bo r 1 s6 eYlenco offered on-tllo th iie tx -uu:se,iifmt,d thie - t_ .iij,diy was reoseae-.
___ MILITARY EDUCATION. j:: TO THE EDiTOR OF Tim TIMFs. - -poOine of the strongest arguments which i uced. by those military authoritie6 who are averse, fiyh any change in the existing system of officering tlniEritisharmyis,thatthe Dukeof Wellingtonwas aisffulwitli that system, and that the opinion of sukha man, on such a subject, oughtto be finaL tfancy that many of the gentlemen who use this asXunent have not taken the trouble to ascertan, or 14Ve-forgotten, whlat the Duike's recorded opmnion on th~important question reaLly is, and:the peculiar cdxirustancesunder which it was .given. It may bei oFeome use at the present crisis to refresh their mtimnor1es. .TA82¶) his Grace drew up a memorandum on a chinge whichlhad been proposed in the discipline of - tl2OBritish army. The public had begun to urge tha, the amount of corporal punishment then inflicted was excessive, andastherewas at that time, asthere issnow,~c-onsiderable difficulty in procluring suitable midc 'suflicient recrnits, it had. been conceived, not dkreasonably, that by fogging our soldiers less andE pflnnoting them more freely a better class of men niiglit be induced to enlist. eThe Duke of Wellington, rather more than a qu4rter of a century ago, thought otherwise; he bAs-recorded his Teasons very fully in the memorand4pi to which I have adverted-and very sufficient reasonsthey are. He stated that "the British army wms recruited from the most dluinken and, probably, tt-e- worst meen of the trade or profession to which tlley belonged;" that there was "not one in a hfindred of them who, when enlisted, ought not to bp:put in the second or degraded class of any society or body into whiclh they might be introduced ;" and that "they coild only be brought to be fit for what i-to be called the first class by discipline and by the precept and examlnple of the old soldiers of the com~ipany, who, if notthemselves in that sune second olK degraded class, deserved to be placed there feF some action or other twenty times in every week.'? --He instanced " the horrors committed by --mall detachments during the Peninsular war, on tfeir marches to join the army, in spite of the aixious cae taken to prevent them." Ile described tEe varied and trying nature of the services required of British troops in peace timeas wel as in war',tlieir separation into small parties in Ireland and tiLKest Indies, &c.; in transports guarding convictstoNew South Wales; the total want of inspection and control over officers and men in nearly nil parts of the worldc;" and summed up by declaring that, all things considered, it was a just cause for a.iFonishment that there was any discipline at all in thbKl3ritish army, notwithstanding the severitywhich wFas then the subject of complaint. -Of. the British officer the Duike of Wellington *wrote thns - f" He is agentleman. We require that he should he one, and above all, thit he should conduct himself as such and DuS;t particularly in reference to the soldier and to his interc'nroe with the non-commissioned officers and priVates. Indeed, wc- csarry this principle of the gentleman and the ab'ence of intercourse vWith these under his comamand so far that, in my opinion, the duty of a subaltern officer is not done at allin the cavalry or the infantry of the lhne. It is decne in the Guards by the sergean*t. thus, our gentlemari oficer, however adhnisble hri conduct in the field, however hmnourable to himself and glorious and adtntageous to his cfuntry, is but a poor creature in d sciplening his company inI camp, quarters, or cantonments." It is almost superfluous to add tha,t the DnTke dis.-.pproved promotion from such ranks as he has dcCraibedt Well, indeed, he might do so. He said ne had tried it, and that it did not answier; that officers so promoted wvere quarrelsome in their drink, andp ere nota class of men nho could be endured in the society of the other officers of the army; and that colonels of regiments much prefeced "men of education" who entered the army by purchase. With sulch strange elements-wsith the very scium af the land, conumanded by officers ignorant and flrelessof their duty-the Duke maintained thate only way to execute good wfork was to drawl a broad and almost impassable line betwseen the frivate and the officer, and to treat the former with unrelenting severity. ly persevering in ths iron system -he stated- th1at ast the close of the Penin-. sQlar war he had brought hs army ito a far higher state of disciplme than he had ever known to exist either inthe French or the Prussian armies; and he declared that he "dared toh' consent to its reLaxat;on. .:Hae admnitted, howtever-and the admission is of vIst importance-that the British military service einuch dislikedFby all classes; that at times, when the country most wvanted them, recruits wvere not to be obtained; circumstances wi c, considering the rijtore of his Grace's previous statements, can searcely be considered surprising. ESuch was the composition of the adritish armoy irhich marched from Portugal3 to Paris, as described. by~ the master mind which had made that anomalous machine what it wfas, and wvith it had w orked such -v onders-its regimental offlcers recruited from the itJ1e and incompetent of the upper cLasses, its men fcni the most worthless of the lowest clas.n I begmost earnestly to pointontithatdin all these statements there is nothingwshirevtendstopaove that what cwas true of the British army uptards of 40 y.ears ago must nece ssarly be true of it nowv; or that, because the Duke of Wellington's commanding gemus enabled hnm formerly to construct a powserflu and successful war-machine out of inferior and objectionable material, whe, after that inmterval of 40 ye.drs-4 years, too, of peace and of progress, and zcial and political change such as the wtorld never iefore sa t-are bound to confine ourselves, in conetructing our war-machiery, to materials of a similar quality, while the armies of every other civilized nation in the world are marching, on all points, with the times. There is not a syllable in the fluke's memorandum of 1829, or in the evidence vhich he gave before the Royal Commission on the same sabjest, which can entitle any one to assert that it was lIs Grace's opinion that a well-behaved, intelligent, and brave m.nof thelower ormiddle class, if equally well trained, waus not .as likely to make as good an officerasthe best nobleman orgentleman in England. 3It is a good thing to be a gentleman born; it is ajbetter thing to be a gentleman bred; but in the rsccessful e'xercise of a professionbirth and breeding ca only b-e accepted as secondary recommendations. lman, in a case of life and death, rushes to the best bern orbest bredphysician of his acquaintance, nlesa heofirmly believes him alsoto beathe most practical and skeifulmediciner wiithin reach. We intrust our Chancery suits to the most experienced and acute lay-ers we can fid, without caring whether they are highly eonnected or gentlemanly in their caerneanour at the circuit mess. Too sparing a use otheletter " h," an abuse of that aspirate, or ahabit of eating peas with a knife would not disqualify a san from being intrusted with the care of Her 3laiesteis health; they would certainly debar tina, i- known, from a ceommission in the Guards or any other crack corps, no matter what his niilitary promise might be. Set, in conceiving and in executing the plan of a campaint mus a general-in caring for the health and dscipline of the men as colonel of a regiment-in leadingaforlorn hope or in watching over the safety oan arny on outpost duty as a captain or subaltern, a man's pronunciation and habits of feeding matter icarcelyatall; his intelligence, energy, and professionalskil -are everything. We hear over and over-again that at as necessay to be a nobleman or a gentlemanin order to bear a eommission with credit in the British armyin 1856-to have received that indefinite and indefiwable training "the education of a gentleman." ahy more so than in any other profension or calling? We knod too well hsw reay it; is to find perfect gentlemen wrho are very indifferent officers; and any and every page of historywvilltell so that many of the most distinguished and succ ul commanders have been eduycadifferent gentlemnen. The marshals of Frane. under Louis XIV. were courtiers and gentlemen; the marshals of France unAer Napoleon were chiefly roitmiiers; yet, as men of war, the latter were surely, at Ieast, equal to the fozmer. The readers of Macaulay will see that 3lfrlborough, though indisputably a great general, was, as far as truth, honour, decency, aind loyalty gd. a mo et doubtful gentleman; and the same wrter has told ug how the great Lord Olive, long aftr he he a a-hieved his marvellous and well-de- seried reputaion<, was sneered at by the fashion- ables bf the day 'as a vulga r, jiumproud pareenu. Slrarroff, too -is said to have had his peculiarities; anl Blucher, 1 know, was considered coarse. w se desire to make 'Our military service popular, we must give a U men who stake their is in their country s service an equal chance of the.prizes of that setrice~; if we wih to secure- a' sapply of comspetent offlcerswho whIll enter the army as apermanent profession, and not ax a transient pastimes we must ma'ke the n1 W zlow r IayisheJ in f7vour of birth and scia pition give way to that enrnedbyeducation, service, and merit; we mustendeavour to act.so justly that the best instead of the worst of the lower clases shall be indluced to feed our ranks, and that th'e most industrious and intelligent of the middle and upper clamses shall compete on perfectly even terms, not only for commissions in our army, but for its highest commands. I will mention, inconcltsion, an argument against these views of mine which was urged very strongly on me the other day by a distinguished member of the Upper Ten Thousand, whose opinions on all subjects merit the attention whichthey invariably meet. He said that he admitted to the fuillest extent all that had been alleged as to the system of favouritism at the Horse Guards; but, argued he, " I will easily prove to you that the public service benefits by it. Our greatest enemies do not deny that the aristocracy of England are as earnest and as industrious in the cause of ight and honourasany other similar c Lass amiong the aristocracy of Europe. They labour lile slaves at the political oar; they lead the charge at Balakilava, like Lord Cardigan; they die at their posts, hke Lord Raglan. They are manly, brave, and hig,h-minded." To all this I most sincerely assented. "Well," asked he, "and how do you propose to reward them forthis? You actually wishto deprive Ithem of the advantages which they have so long enjoyed, and to make them take their chance in the race of promotion with every clever and plucky 'snob' who chooses tojostle them." I confessed that such was my object. "The inevitable consequence wfll be," continiied nmy friend, " if you succeed, that the upper classes will retuie in disgust from the public service, and will become degenerate and torpid, as has been the case in Spain and ItWly; and how, I should like to know, wrould the country approve that ?" The only answver which I could make to this line of argument wws to refer to a circumstance which had occurred to me a short time before at a country house at which I was staying. An odd, precocious little Eton boy, who was also of the party, took it into his head to fall in love with and propose to a beautiful and. rich young heiress, several years older than himself. He was, of conrse, refused, and came weeping to my room for sympathy and consolation. He complained that he had been encouraged, then thrown over; but, added he, with some spirit, " I warned her that, if she used me il, rd lead a dissolute life, and that she would have to answer for it." I think that my friend of the "U Upper Ten," who makes out that his brethren require to be bribed to serve their country as nobly and aswell as they have always hiitherto done, and who threatens that if, in the matter of reward, they are reduced to a par with other people they "w ill lead dissolute lives, and that we shall have to answer for it," is scarcely as effective an advocate of his order as he supposes himself to be. I am. Sir, vour obedient servant. JACOB OMNItT.
THB CAMPAIGN IN1 ASIA. TO THE EDITOE-OF THE TTMfS. Sir,-Your excellent correspondent, the " Eertfordsliirelncumbent,"furnishes valuable information respecting the climate of the countries inunediately souith of the Caucasus with reference to the possibility of a winter campaign; but it must not be forgotten that the circumstances of which he speaks as modifying the intensity of cold are usually accompanied by what is worse for ecampaigning-viz., the frequent alternations of cold, humidity, wet, and frost ag,ain. It is nature ringing her changes in anything but a merry peal upon these varied conditions of the atmosphere that makes it so diflicult to move troops with ability, and at the same time to keep them in good health and well supplied. Where a steady cold has alone tobe endured, where the mnowv crisps nnder your feet, and does not melt when you lie dow;n in it, and the pine-forests crackle' around you, splitting with the intense frost, there is little fear, provided that proper precautions be taken. But where rapid alternations occur, owingto alowaltitude, ahumid southerly sea, and a cold northerly range of snowy mountains, with gusts swreeping downt the defiles, great care and foresight are required to provide properly for moving a large force. While, therefore, I contend that a winter campaignt may be made, and under peculiar circumstaaices, such as those now attaching to Omar Pasha, ought to be made, I do not wish to shrink from the true caulses of difflculty; and youz correspondent, the "Hertfordsbire Incumbent," deserves the public thanks for the able way in which he has brought forwvard useful suggestions on this and on every other point respecting the campaigns of the Crimea and of Asia that he has hanldled in your columns. Would that we had such ability as his to guide some of the civil branches of our military adm.inistration! in bringing stronaly before the -pubic notice the necessity of obtaining possession of the Georgian provinces, and also of taking the command of the easpian, I appear to have failed in convincing your sorrespondent, who looks only at the trade of thew Caspian as a commercinl question. In this light the real value of the Caspian trade to Russia seems to have amounted in 1852 (the latest returns) to 662,54111. of imports, and 254,5071. of exports, as may be collected from pages 56 and 60 of the peatistiear Tables Relati17g to Foreign Counltries, Part 1, put. iished by the Board of Trade in 1d55. The total gives a value of 9Uy,0481. for the probable trade of the Caspian in 1852 connected with Russia; and the nearest approach th Iravid to your correspondent's figures is in the trade between Russia and P'ersia alone. Besides that above, there appears, from some Russian (untranslated) returns in the possession of the Board of Trade, to be some traffic on the Sea of Aral connected with Russia, which in the event supposed wrould also be cut off from that Power and turned into our hands; but the comlmercial view is not to be thuis limited. Your leader of this day justly remarks, -that "we have in very truth called a new world into existence" among thepeoples of the East, and a Gibraltar in our hands on the Caspian would exotend this new world. Writh regard to -the steady front with whtkh Russia bears upon our Indian empire, let your readers consider that withan the last 80 years Russia has advanced her frontier 450 miles nearer to Constantinople, and about 1,000 miles nearer to India; and that the battalions now under Mouravieff's command have a shorter distaoce for their march onwards to Peshawbnr (our frontier headquarter in the northwest of India) than they have, to march back from the shores of Georgia to St. Petersburg. Fully agreeing with ycur correspondent that, as did Alexoanfer the Great, so must the Russian Autocrat, absorb or conciliate tlSe adjoining nations and tribes before he can. advance on ndia, tet us not blind our eyes to the fact that this absorption has been steadily going on, and, unless we obtain a mateial guarantee suchasGeorgiaand the Caspian, we shall (asf sual) awake fo p when too late to recover outrselves, except by enormous sacrifices. Public attention isnow rousint to this subiect, and when Englisumen are well roused and well informed. whe need have no fear of the result. - Iam, Sir,your obedient servant. AN- OLD 52n. London, ec. wJ.
ENCROACHMENT UPON THE QUEENrS PARK AT HOLYROOD. TO THE EDITOR OF TE TIME S. Sir,-As MesErs. Young and Co.have thought fit to deny my statement of the 21st inst. regarding the encroachment upon the Queen's Park hare, I herewith send you a map of tle park. upon wlich the exact site of the nuisance erected is laiddown, from which you will be able to judge of the verity of my description of the erection in question, bearing much the same poxirity to Holyrood Palaces it would do to Buckinghamn alice if set dow at HydePnrk-eerner. I do not find fault with 31essrs. Youngavaflingthemselve2 of the hlberty granted-them, as they say, by Government, but Iprotest against Her Majesty's Commissioners making any such concession. I hold that every portion of the public parks here ought to be as sacred'from any intrusion as any of the metropolitan parks, in which no similar erection as that complained of would be to6lrated foran hour. That the occupation is merely temorar, as stated, is no argument forsuch an unwarrantableintrsionupon Her Majesys Royal deme&ne *' - It is not true that the matter; *hen'broached at tWie town-council, was dismissed' as usi*orthry of serious consuleratien; for, gn referringW toEte report:of the jroc&edingsof the towncounciE(of whiSchimlinot a'mem'cer)' I>see that the council, without a ditiso4 authorized the-Lord Provo6t, then in London; to place -bimselfinhr immediate commuication with Sir enjamuin' Hal, ithavie-wfobhave the erection at once removed. .-' ^J' '- The local press have been uranimous in condemninn the encroachmnentone feeble diurnal, Ibelieved to be the bent; lingtof Mressrs. Yom :g, excepted. - --i. 2 ltisto be hoped fLat Prince ilberl;' AsRange of.the Queen's Park; allowed' to be-.the: iiitet in Euiope,flll prompt Sir BSenjamin Hij tso iipply'withonat delay inl ur-' clert and permanent remaedr, -; ¼.In, Sir, - -~ A * NT ,TAM ' t *- tATTTT" X .VVZTL . NiJburgb, Dec 2. - w T.
TO 'IIE E:DITOR kT.6 T1ME&. - Sir,-You cannot, I conceive, open a new year with a nobler- or more patriotic duty -than to address yourself once more, with' all the power and authority which Vlie Times alone 'can command, in words of earnest warning and counsel to our industrial population. Your recent criticisms upon British manufactures have been called severe and exaggerated; and your correspondent whose letters called them forth has 'been stigmatized as an aIarmist. But, Sir, the language of censure, when that censure is deserved, rises in dionity to the severe, while it is its truth- sthat alone gives it the point w.hich guides it home to the hearts it is addressed to. Let the thoughtless accuse us of exaggeration and uncaUedfor apprehension if they will; others will listen to reason, and acknowledge the power of facts, and it is among these thlat we must look for the successful w.orkers in thefuture, and for the leaders who shall rule our destinies and justify the expectations of our race. The present and immediate evils of our system ame, however, nudisputable and very wide-spread. They emrbrace, in some form or other, nearly every irmportant branch of our industry, and in many they are so bound up with every proceeding of the craft that I doubt whether the remedial measures are not now beyond our power, and, like one affected with leprous sores, they have not an universal and miserable hold of the whole body. I ventured, after the close of the Paris Exhibition, to direct especial attention, through yo ur columns, to two or three manufactures, wherein ny own knowledge told me we had displayed a want of invention, of energy, and of resource. Those letters 'have brought nie, partly through yoiur hands and partly chrect, a mass of information entirely confinming my suspicions that we had been lulled into insecurity by the enervating influences., of rapid prosperity, and entirely doing away with the charge against you of having in any way exaggerated our national backwardness. It appears, from the comniunications of my correspondents, that not only are we beaten by our neighbours in the iron manufactture, as I myself aftirmed,-not only have the French made rapid strides towards our excellence in the heavier departments of the mechanical arts, such as engine and tool making, and maintained their acknowledged superiority in philosophical apraratus andwhatarecalledinstrumnents of precision,but in steel nanufacture and its numberless applicalions which we recognize as Sheffield wares, in the very important manufacture of woollen cloths, in merinoes, in silks, in dyeing, in cabinet work and upholstery, in boots and shoes, in gloves, in book printing and bookbinding, in paperhanging, and the decorative arts generally, in bronzes, in jewelry and ornament; in fact, in a much longerlistwhich L could make of articles which show the application of the arts to the wants, the conveniences, and the elegancies of life, our continental neighbours of one country or another are undoubtedly before us. Here, then, is a list of our shortcomings. This is tIle problem to be solved. Will we, as a nation, lay aside our conceit, bring to bear in our trades honesty of purpose and conduct, and, while availing ourselves of the natural advantages of our country and the vigour of our labourers and artisans, endeavour to educate their mninds and refine their tastes, so that we may hold a first place among civilized nations; or will we be content to fall into the rear? One or other we must do, and the longer we defer the correction of our errors and the reformation of our system, the harder will be the struggle for John Bull, and the greater the probability of his ultimate defeat. From another point of view oiur national position was very striking. At the opening of the present European struggle oiur preparations for the necessities of war were the derision of the whole worldthe sure result of our fatal habits of self-complacency and supercilious contempt for others and what they had done. No doubt, there existed an almost universal feeling of perfect confidence in the resources of our arsenals and dockyards. We were speedily undeceived in these expectations, and the spur of necessity was very rudely applied to enable us to equip and feed the very small force with which England conunenced the campaign. Fine whiteheaded old colonels and generals, who replied with perfect neatness and exactitude, on the legitimate foolscap paper, to every memorandun addressed -to them, andwho consumnedtheir whole timeandenergies insodoing-venerableveteranswho lhmchedregularly at noon to the minute, and were iufit for work for the day if their digestions had been disturbed either by ball cooking or over-indulgence-disappeared from the scenewith marvellous rapidity. 3en were wanted who were not wedded to ancient prejudices, but able and willing to carry out improvements and listen to common sense, and, lets it be added, they were readily found. The present heads of departments in our arsenals, and other great establishments where the materials of war are prepared and furnished, are men in the prime of life, ful of vigour and energy, and fully informed of what has been done and is doing to economiize and perfect every appliance of the manufacture intrusted to their care. Uinder their directions establishments worthy of a great nation-and necessary to a people who value their liberties and would have the power to assert their rights-are springing into existence. Skill and judgment have been displayed inthe comnprehensiveness and arrangement of the designs-machinery of nll kinds, and the best of its ldnds, of English, French, and American invention and manufacture, has been applied throughout in the various processes, and there can be but one opinion among those who have won for themselves, and it will be cheering for the country at large to know that it has now an arsenal fit to be a model for the world. Repeated and careful ex* aminations enable me to do this justice to a branch of the public service which at the present moment is perhaps the most important of all. In enlarging the challenge I gave to the vaunted supremacy of our manufactures and our industrial system I have not exhausted the charges which, I maintain, demand .he serious attention of every reflectig EnglEshman. I endorse cordially your opinionas to the certainty of our gaining "first prize" in an exhibition where everything that is rotten and counterfeit should contend for comparative degrees of badness. In the manufacture of Levery form of shamn, adulteration, and rubbish England stands pre-eminent, and it is a supremacy which brings to the cheek the blush of shame, instead of the flush of triunuph. -ea'ving alone th consideration of that important question-the adulteration of food-let me refer in a few lines to the practices at the several seats of our principal trades, and see whether well-understood terms and well-known customs do not betray a consciousness of misrepresentation and2 dishonest dealing. At Manchester there are "hookers-in" 'and darkened windows; calicoes are made so cheap that they won't stand the washtab; and a trade is springing into importance to supply the firesides of our own peasants and the huts of New Zealanders or Indians with pictures at 25s. a-piece, frames ineluded! lY.e feed a system of roguery by which the savage will barter his valuables for our rotten calico, and a lying Yankee will assure his victim he: is pur-- chasing a genuine Titian or Salvator Rosa.: At Shef- field cheapness of production has long been the rage,. and, indeed, the only ainiof trade. As a sure consequence, the world has -been fooded with razors that won't cut, saws that refuse to enter the log, and files that won't file. -Sheffield-wares areogetting into disrepute. Prussia is already exporting, and France will slhortly begin; and our ownmanufacturers try to keep up a, connexien by showy advermtisements and showy travellers abroad- and deceptive practices in their processes at home. The systems pursued in the woollen manufacture of 'the West Ridinut of Yorkshire have obtained an unenviable notoriety,;- and Birmiugham, even down to its advocacyof a paper currency, -adheres to the interpreta-; tion which some future Richardson or Wlebster vill give to the wordI "B rnmnagem"'-what is flimsy and, worthless, rubbish. An interesling sublect of i-quixry at some future time will be -t trace the influence of trade combina-' tions among the workingi. clasis, resulting i perpetual "s trikes" and 'differences, between masters and men, upon :the -decline and fai1 of 'particular traders and districts. 1- belEeve it can be shown that triade unions, destroying, ii they; do,, the free agency of the workman, are utterly destructive of his own independence, and, by periodically interrupting the 'flow of trade and the maldng of profits, 6ffer ar in;ducement to the master to lend himself to faLe ipradtites and the'-neglect o' the quality of, his- prcIduelions. This subject4, acwell as the,more'liEeral land judicious encouragement -which ought to--be givert by the GovernmeOt to scionce, might4 Ith'; !veryefully engage the attention of a committee ;of Parliaiment or a. Ryal cornissio- during the mient sesion. '' - - ''" But sdwal Sir3 aDvQ snergyj a scupulous, hnt dre n~l-an -honegs practices, an -awakensed-consciousness that we are' not~ alli m llh ourselTves, se]f-rellance,.andan abandronmnent of the snobbishness of lord-worshipping^for rank's sake alone-these are what -are wanting to advance our character and save us from degenerateness. The fact is, the constant exercise of & false aristocratic influence, and the self-imposed degradation which makes the world toady and fawn for a smile from a Duke, have demoralized modern society in England, and the habit must be whipped out of Us by bitter truths forcibly told. It is one of the rifest evils of our time that aristocratic birth and connexion should gain their possessor all, to the neglect and ruin of merit and fitness; and this system must be speedily remodelled and abandoned, or it will break itself on the heads of its supporters. Where is the man who will take his place in the van of this inevitable crusade against our own social sins and errors-who will bring us face to face with our foibles and follies until we are ashamed and set earnestly to work to purge ourselves of them-who possesses the courage with honesty and fearlessnesstoreturnagainandagain to the exposure of OIUr socialwrongs and laybarethe foul blots which stain our name e If such a one be found among our public men, let him step forth at once to the task, and he will earn for himself a name which will secture the gratitude of posterity. I am. &c.. - AMCUS. Dec. 31, 1855.
CHARGE OF BURGLARY. THORNEBURY, GLOCESTERSIE The man Palin, who was acquitted at the MaidAtone assizes on Friday se'nnight of theamurder of Jane Beagley, at Cudham, was brought up in custody, on remand, at the magistratesS office, Thornbury, Glocestershire, on Saturdaylast, charged before Messrs. Townsend, Howard, and Davies with, on the night of the 18th of August last, burglariously breaking and entering the dwellng-house of Miss Jane Sherpherd, at Buckover, near here, and stealing ar erefrom sevendai .ti. ties of wearing apparel and 10s. in money, belonging to her brether, H enry Siephet as well as some proeossons and wine, her property. The -prisoner Pals , who looked to da as if in ill health, was, aswill be seen below, residing at the house of a returned convict on ticket of leave, named Mark Wheeler, who has, since Pain's arrest on theccharge of the nurder, as we have before stated, been reconnuitted b-y order of the Secretary of State for the re ai"dder of his sentence. Great interest whas manifested to brk ch a hlmpse of Palmn #hile on his way, in the custody of the offleerd, to the magistrates' office, which was crowded witnh spectators. Th witnesses fromn Crnaydon whd o were stunmoned sinc the last hearing of t.he ease were tg-day in attendance. Thefirst aitner flied wass ciss Annie Shepherd, the sister of MIiss J-rtie '-.. pherd, w.hose house was broken into, who depeec' -I el *h ing the house of my sister, Jnue Shepherd, ast inckov,:r, ii tris parish My brother Henry also resides w ith us, a od a gentlerman naled s eonardBennett lodges with llS. I remnember tbe 18th day of August last. It wvas o1? a Satorday. The house w.as closed about half-past: 9oz that evesing. Mdy fiser alone was absent on a visit. About 6 o'clock the fo,llowing morning I found that the house bad been entei-ed during the nighti and a variety of articles stolen. I missed a coat and twvo waiLstcoats, half-a-dozen neckerchief;, a panr of stokings, a pnair of braces, and l0s. in silver, all belonging to my brother Henry. I also missed twvo tzable spoons, a silver sugar tongs, half-adozen knives and forks and a large carving knife, about 301b. of bacon, a piece of cheese, three large loaves of bread, 41b. of brovn sugar, and a small quantity of tea, all belonging to my sister; likewise a box of gum caps, a canister of powder, powder flask, and four bottles of wine belonging to Mlr. Bennett;* the parlour w, indowvs and shutters had been forced op?en. Theyv were fastened the night before in the usual way with a bar across the shutters. The clothes were taken out of a bureau drawer in the parlour. The eatables vere taken out of the pantry and cellar. Nothing was taken from the rooms upstairs. Ihave seenthetwo waistcoats now produced, and Inov them to belong to my brother. One button is missing off the plaid w-aistcoat. I know that was off before it was stolen. My brother had spoken to me about putting another on for him. I know the black waistcoat by its general appearance, and by the striped lining. I knew the prisoner had been lodging for some little time at the house of Mark Wheeler, a short distance from our house, and I saw him pass our house between 7 and 8 o'clock oni the Saturday evening. I also saw bihn on the Sunday. I did not see him again until about a fortnight afterwards,v when he w,as in company of a police-constable. My brother is not quite of sound mind, and does not attend, being unable to bear the excitement. I saw my brother's clothes safe on the Saturday night. Thomas Carey, of Croydon, shoemaker, was the next wsitness called, wvho depesed,-I knowv the ?risoner;* he is a relation of mine. His father and I are first cousins. He came to my house on the 23d of August last about noon. He stayed until the evening, and then left forLondon. He left my house about 6 or 7 o'cock. I walked up into the towln wvith huim. I w ent with him to the shop of Wililiamn Hlenley, wvho deals in clothes. He wvent in, and I waited until be came out. He said be had sold some articles for 9s. He had a small bundle with him previously to his going into the shop. He opened the bundle at my house, and showed me a coat and waistcoat. He had previously given me a waistcoat. It was a kind of a plaid. e said he gave itme to workin. I believe the waistcoat now producedisthe same. I delivered it up to Mr. Smith, the police-contable, on the 5th of September. William Henley, of Croydon, dealer in clothes, was next called, who deposed,-I remember purchasing a coat and waistcoat of a person resembling the prisoner for 9s. I cannot say tvhat has become of the coat. The waistcoat, a black one, I now produce. John Smith, No. 6) P of the metropolitan police, stationed at Croydon,- was next caUed, who deposed,-I obtained the plaid waistcoat now produced from Thomas Carey on Wednesday, the 5th day of September last It has been in my possession ever since. -'On the 5th of September I went to Mr. Henley's shop, and there saw the black waistcoat now produced in his possession. The prisoner Palin, when called upon for his defence, said, -The waistcoat I gave to Thomas Carey and the things I sold to Wllliam Henley I bought of Henry Shepherd, and a pair of trousers besides on the 21st of August, for which I gave him 22s. Gd- On the night the burglary wvas cossmitted I s$ett Wheeler's, and was there from 10 o'clock at night mztI6i h morning. On the 2Sd I went to London. Their Worships fully committed the prisoner to await his trial at the next Glocestershire assizes for the offence.
TEIE Loss OF THE FiTHr.-Tlle ollinary returns with respect to the loss of this transport off the Ower's Iight, in the Do^wns, on the 23d of December last have been made to the Board of Trade from Lowestoft, the port at which the Elizabeth and Ann landed the crew; but it is understood that in consequence of the vessel being in the Turkish service at the time of the wreck no official investigation will take place unless specially ordered by the Admisalty, the Mercantile Marine Act limiting the inquiry by the Board of Trade to the wreck and damage of, or loss of life in, British vessels alone. The Faith, which had on3ly recently been purchased by the Turkish Government, was a very fine iron steamer 200 tons' burden. She was constructed at Birkenihead. and was divided into four watertight comnpartments, and from the circumstanuce that the loss of the vessel is to be attributed to the rapid fillin of the first or bow compartment; in consequence of a leak which made her go down headforemost vith-very little warnig; a question-of some importance with respect to construction has suggested itself, which it would be advisable if possible to have settled. The vessel was surveyed by. the Government surveyor last year, when both her hull and internal fittings were pronounced inexcellent condition. She had a general cargo on board at the time she foundered, which was of course.totally lost. - By the, 432d clause of the 3tercantile Marine Act an inqusry into the loss of British vessels is directed to be made by the Local Marine Board or inspector at the nearest port, and aceordingly *the evidence of the captain, chief engineer, and the rnste, was taken before 31r. Robertson, the Receiver of Droit5 at Lowestoft. An abstract of the statement of- the eaptain, Peter Young, was given by us on Friday last. One point, however, was then omitted, which has been included in the evidence returned to the Board of Trade, viz., that in consequencel of the inefficient workig of the piston, the vessel came to an anchor on the 2-st of December, in the Lower Hope Reach, in order that the engines might be examined. Upon lifting offthe cover-of the cylinder apiece of iron, not m any way belonging to the cylinder, but irobably left in-it after-some repairs bad been made, was discovered, whieh hid g&jaiiedin such a position as to prevent-th6 piston from workng to its full extenf. 'bhin was removed, and the vessel lay ridig all that night, during which time, as the sea was then high- and the .tessel pitched a good deal, it is supposed that the .stramming of the steamer caused the leak from :xzwhich she subsequently. fomndered. No importance is 'at- l ached to 'the circumstance of such a p ieee of iron having been left in the cylider, as it is statedtobe a matter of frequent.oecrrenee. The weather continued very bad aLL the neit da,aundtlse-steamer laboured- very heavily both then and thefollowing night, and a little after daylight en the23d, .thepalcise condition of the steamer being asertamed, the captai-gave the -order to get out the boats, and she shortly afterwards sank. Her crew, 30 innmniberi .with the -exception of one man, who was unfortunately below and did not hear the order to take to the boats, were all saved. 'ln: the -hurry and; confusion. incidental to .such a scene the poor man,. who was a fileman, was not missed,. and his loss was not discovered -till some time after. In'- addition to' that of the ,eaptain, the evidence of the ebief engineer, Robert Craw, . ford, ausd the mate, Richard Thame, has been tranismitted to the Government. 'The statement of Cra*ford sindy corroborated that.of the captain, but Thame gave a somewhat nore detaied account of the 'wreck After corroborating the evidence of the two previous witnesses as to the discovery of the piece of iron in: the cylinder and t.he ie,pairing of the engine, he state& that. the steamer proceede'd, on her voyage and passed Beachy Head at.a distance ofabout' 10 mles, but at 3.sO a.mn on the 23d -a violent gal sprang; usp, -attended by..a nasty cross sea,'whieh oocasioned the' 'vessel to shp avast deal. of water both fore and aft. -BY' orderof the captain thev eased the engines -and:cbntinube their- course. til a' little after 6 'o'clock, when it' -was -discovered -'that .the- water had forcel the fore' hitches and fore companiion. All hands werei.at dsicee ordeoedto the.pumpk., It ras found,- lsdwever that'thert was naowater either in .the main or after pumpe, ba i-the' Ifore:hold it was -ldvel*ith the-combings. 'About half-pAst 6 o'clock they discoveredt.iat theovessel was settlingdownu 'by the 'head last: So.iithstanding this nequivocaKign. they continued'at the p-'mpsafewminutes iQager-ntil .the witer .was aip to theiwists of .the men. Theyv.then tookc tdfhe boats,: and aTout4s'"e minutes aftewac th vesael1 Syenst denhestdforesnoitY She.MI sabk^out ldsmmutes to-7,i *,'g&htrscrew tontinuedin tlhe open boat three lipurs, beig i *picki'ed up shortly after 10 by the Elizabeth aWnd Anne, tXl brouglst tJsymj4q Low4estoft.
- IRLAND. I ' ; Tn rorE Vi D03ErSTIO NO ANTION. (ThOIL Oi R OWN OO1U IP.. I .1 (FROM OU OWN COMISPONMPNT.A- DUBlI., XO1NDAY XOD.NIZG. I .-, . It appears that there were good grounds' for the uneasy feeling which prevailed in certain Roman Catholic coteries with respect to the long delay in the arrival of the Papal bull appoiting a successor to the late Dr. Ealy in the see of ieighlin and Ferns. If the information of a local joual (the CJarlow Se&ntiel) be correct, another blow has been Atruck which virtnally annihilates what was left of freedom of action in the Irish branch of the Chutrch of Rome-namely, the right of the clergy to a voice in the nomination of their own bishops. "What is termed -domestic nomination in the Irish Roman Catholic Church may now be fairly considered at an end. The Italian system has been substituted forthe ancient practice so long adopted in the election of Roman Catholic bishops; in a word, if what we have heardbe founded on arthenticinformation, the privileges enjoyed by the Roman Catholic priesthood since the period of 1746, in the election of their own bishops, have been finally swrept aw;ay awnthout their kcnowrledge, advice, or conculrrencesuch is the law of Rome.. It a p pears that in the month of Septenmber last, after the death of the late Dr. Haly, the panish priests of the diocese of lEldare and Leighlin assembled on the 18th of September last, 41 in number, to elect a successor, and voted as foDlows:- The Very Rev., Dr. Walsh ... ... ... 21 The Rev. P. Haly .1. ... ... 1 The Rev. Dr. Delany ... ... 0 The election was consequently declared in favour of the Very Rev. Dr. Walsh, President of Carlow College. It is now rumoured-We believe on good authority-that the Bull hasai-rived from Itome, not for the 'consecration' of the bishop elect, but for that of a clergyan never put in nomination at all-viz., 'the Rev. Dr. Miley, President of the irish College at Paris-thns arbitrarily setting aside the election of the parish priests-in fact, ignoring their existence as a body, and virtually annulling the prescriptive right or customn they so long enjoyed to elect their own bi.shop. No wonder the Sarinians considered the interference of the Papal See alke derogatory to the honour of the nation, subversive of the free action of their church, prejudicial to intellectual progress, as wvel as to the safety, welefare, and happines of their country." ENDOwZD SCHOOLS' 'MMIar.,^sroi. the comMis-sioners, it is stated, are widening the basis of their operations, wand sub-commissioners have becn despatched to the various localities which have been already visited by the commission, with a view of more closely following up the inqui-y, as well as for gleaning additional information. with regard to the educational requirements of the country generally. It is not anticipated that the labours of those gentlemen can be brought to a conclusion sooner than the month of May next, and that now, therefore, there is little probability of the report being ready to be submnitted to Parliament unttil the next session is drawing to a close, or, it may be, 'until the beginning of the year followfing. THE I3DilGRlATIox T1IE. A northern paper (the Down Becordeo), thus bears testimony to the trtuth of the evidence, already sulbstantiated, of the rolling back of the enigration tide from the WVest to the East:- " We before predicted the fact, and our predictions are more and more verified every day. Before, this was Egypt, in the estinmation of some, while America wvas the land of Canaan; now the Cacaan of the West is disappointing expectations, and the people are maling beck to old Egypt. It wvas distanlce, perhaps, that lent enchantment to the view in the one case; in the other, it is not exactly enchantment. there may be sense heart-longing at work; *there may be a desire to return to the land of their fathers; but there are also solid attractions. The news had crossed the broad Atlantic that the potato is nraising its head and that better times have come to "= It is a fact that Ireland is now a more prosperous countrythan it has been for years, and it is a fact that Irish emigrants are returning. Mlany went away passic-strtck vho need not have gone. The country was well rid of others. Population is good for a country, provided it is not excessive and provided it is moral and well conducted. In this, as in other thing,, there is a limt, which is desirable." STATE OF THE LALOUB 3fARr. The following is extracted from the trade report of the Bc7fast Banner:- "L ancashire's cotton manufacture creates a weelly circulation of wages, which, in amount, exceeds thetotalproceeds of the gold mines on both sides of the hemisphere. We have frequentlyreferred to the wide-spread demiand for labour wluch has been createdin the north of Ireland by the operations of the cotton-trade. When the protection duties-which existed between this country and Great Britain were repealed in 1824, only about 9,000 hands found employment at the cotton looms. At present the nunuber of weavers would amount to 50,000, and in the working of sewved inuslin, there are probably-six tinies that number regularly employed in -the several provinces. This fact is 'iuardly nowan, or we should rather say its importance is not fully estimated, even in the very districts where the operations of the cotton trade produce the greatest amount of good. Every writer on the subject of industrial employment in Ireland is able to tell of the advantages that arise from the linen manufacture ; but it is very rare to find the value of the cotton trade duly set forward by current chroniclers." BELFAsT SCHOOL OF DESIGN. The NoMthertM Whig states that the nisunderstanding with the Governmaentrespeoting the7Belfast School of Designi, which was caused 'by the interference of Mlr. Cole, has been overcome, and that the capital of the northern province is to have the benefit of an institution so desirable 'for its own sake, and so likely to prove of great practical utility as regards our native industry. The school is to be reopened under the title of the " School of Art," and the grant is to be restored, on the condition that it shall be devoted exclusively to. the payment of salaries.. All the other expenses are to be defrayed from other sources. Lord Dufferin, the President of the Society, who has taken a praiseworthy interest in its affairs, has addressed a long letter " To the Young Ladies of' Beifust" satting forth the advantages of the institution, and " its influence on the character rather than on the more shallow accomplishments to be acquired at it." " The greatest of Fiench caricaturists," says his Lordship, "Forsany~along year devoted himself to iUustratin, abook of fashions; the sublimestof painters anid sculptors jesigned the uniform of aregiment of soldiers; and Hoanrth has left behind him a dozen different patterns of ladiesvstays ! Had your great-gra-ndmnothers know.n mose-of art thiey would not have loaded theirheads writhltowess of paste an siwbalebone nor rained their husbands in china monsters; certain waists -would have been less waspish; the'lungs of one-half the world more healthy; and poor dear Mrs. Inchbald would not have died of tight lacing. Aain, do you' not queen it within doora-from garret to cellar9 are you not absolute over chintzes and-paper hangings! who has ever dared to order home a carpet of his own choosing, but that all his womanldnd have punished such presumption by snubbing himself and discarding his purchase; are not even the waistcoats of Papas and the neckeloths of brothers supposed to fall within your inrisdiction. Nay, do you notclaim sovreignty, even over the trouser-the citadel of msculine ascendancy- leaving it, at best, but a kind of debateable land ' Of learningtoappreiate-the Arcasuresof art in this country and on the. contment I will not speal, because I fear it would be difficult fo persuade you that diligent study is almost as necessary to comprehend each separate school of painting asit isto learn a fresh language. Io theendoftime,Isuppose, we shall continue to eneet, in every gallery of Euiropersllken-robed' littlc personages ru6tling down The noble corridors; inthe pirettiest ~bonnets, end 'dispeasing praise-~and bl,.me-to Raphael, to Titian, to JMichael Angelo-in the same pretty sarsanet languagte with wYhich they would commend. a' riband or criticise a shawvL But Iwould veiiture to add one word onhthcimmnense gratification yon would find it to be able to handle the. brush the pencil, or the modellg tool with a certin aisount of fadility.'But comparatively little time would be necessary to attainamost plaassntIoflciencyim anyof'thesebranches; most peoe;.if they would but exercse it, possessthelpdwerof taking ienasess; and, 'without soaring tothehigherregions of arts.a.very little practice would enxble you to take faithfulportraitsof youi'fsieiidsinwatei coldurs, clay, 'or crayon. What would many a stricken heart have often given even for the rudest resemlbLance of some dear face whose place is vacant -by the Christmnis; fire I Eow tenderlv is some childish scrawl, the image of one separated by miiles of sea, or by a more terrible interval, cherished by 'those whose 'walls are rich with gems of ancient art The most valaed af my owfanilypictures is a sister's portrait of hersailor -br~other, who livred to. become one of England's uloit'distinguished captains. The most popular of modern statues was icxeuted by the dauhterKof a French Eing; thesaddest ieni'irs of S'honbrun' ire the girllh drawings of Marie Antoinette," - ___ -
THE NEW )tF UCIPAL GOVERNIBMEN OPZHE . I I. - fE 3 -. OPO S To-y the act of Parliamentassed in the last session for the better local m nagement o the.metopolis comesiito actual and practical operation, and with the advent of a neK year the inhabitants of this great city, through their representatives in the new municipal system which that statutq has just called into existence, enter upon the cousideratiost and execution of a great zanitary work of the lIs importamce to the ubio weal, and under auspices and with a mna~chnery so smple and yet so omnipotent as to remove its ultimate and successful completion from the region of doubt or insurmountable difficulty. That very machi nery, indeed, invests the operations which it has tb conduct for the commonn good with- additional interesc and consideration, for its motive spring lies in a prinrciple as venerable as theBritisliconstitutiou itself-tbat of local self-government, with which the citizens of the firsb capital of the kdngdom are only now intrusted for the xaasiagement of their own afrhirs, though it has been concekd for the last twenty years at least to the inhabitants of every municipality or corporate town throughout the country. That ancient principe together with the kindred one of representation with which it is united, is therefore from tlis day on its trial, upon a far more extensive scale than it hag ever been before, and under circuamstances which augur well for its complete success; and it now remains with the members of the New Metropolitan Board of Works andtbe various district boards erected throughout the metropolis ind its suburbs, in whom the princinle is embodied in thi& case, by their p,blic conduct and~ acts to vindicate its utility and wisdom, and to ju ify the grounds on which it has been intrustedto their keepng; for, in the event of proving worthy their vocation, it can hardly be supposed that their functions will for ever he linmitedto the discargre of the duties, great and significant though they are, specficafy assigned to them in the act which gives them a ooporate existence. Having said this much, it seems desirable, as the icd in cauestion comes into operation to-day, to -give a sbort. outline of its leading provisns and the objects it proposes to accomplish. The whole metropolis, including-that porfion of it commonly called the city, comes within the soope and purview of the act, and is divided for thatpurpose into 37 municipal districts, Which, however, are not co.- porations in the ordinary senise of the term. Such of tlie parishes of the metrow6 s have Cnpwards of 2,000 rate' nouseholders are dividedemtcl ard,f te purposes ef t act; and the smaller parishes, 5n in' number, are arrange& or grouped into 14 districts, each group of parishes having: its district board of works, composed of a certai n nunbeFr of representatives returned by the intepayn population-oF each parish. There are, besides, 23 otherct& each of them composed of some one parish or place of sufficient extent and importance, and the vestry of each of these bas its own local or district board. To these district boards, 37' hi nunber, is confided the power. of paving, lihtin' and cleansing their respective districts, in addition to t1:e management of the local sewerage, and they are also-empiwered to exercise the duties of local boards of health, so far as relates to the prevention and removal of nuisances. The rates for paving and lighting are to be bo-ne by thfe occupiers of houses, and the sewers-rate by the owners, uoiless otlierwise provided for by lease or agreement. The Metropolitan Board of Wor's, which is defined by the acttobeabodycorporate, audto haveperpetu2lsucoessionanda commonseal, is constituted of representatives elected from among the members of the local or dis-iEt boards, some of them saendingtwomembers, butthe majority of them one. The MayorNand corporation of the cit_z,of London send three representatires The board, made ,upin this way, would consist of 45 members ; but it so happens that its numerical streagth is 44, Mr. Thwaites, the president, having been elected for two places, Greenwich .and Southlwark. 'One third of the members first elected go out of office in June, 1857; another third in June, 185S, and the remaining third in June, Igi9. The first elected members, after choosing a chairman, who, is to be called the " President of the Metropolitan Board of Works" are alo to determine by lot among thlersclves wlrich of them shnlt constitute the one-third that are to retire in 1857 and 185$. There is a provisidn for filng up vacancies by death or otherwise, and the president is iemovable at any tine by a resolution agreed to by two-tbiTrds of the miembers p resent at any meeting specially convened for considering the question of his removaL. It wlltbe recollected that Sir. John Thwaites was elected to the office of chairman about a week ago, at a salary of 1,500I. ; and, according to the act, it will now devolve on the district boards of Soutliwark and Greenwich each to elect a mcmiber to the metropolitan board, Mlr. Thwaites having vacated his seat for those places by his election to the chairmanshipo. When they have done so the board will consist of 46 mesa bars, includingthe chairman.t The whole of the main sewersof the metropolis, includingthose of the city of London, so far as the inhabitants at large have a common as distinguished from alocal inter&ilt, are from this day vested in the Metro olitan Board of Works; and thegreat duty, amongmanyot=ers,nowimposed on that body is to intercept and divert the sewage of the metropolis which now flows into the Thames, and carry it. by a series of vast subterranean operations, which it will devolve on them to propound and execute, to a destination. where it will no longer pollute its waters and endanger the lives of the dense population congregated along its shsores ur of thosewhomaybe said to li-e on its bosom. Forthe completion of this great public undertaking, and so to puage ourselves of a long-standing opprobrium, five years are allowed the Board of Works from this day, and they are armed with vast powers for raising money, intersecting public streets and roads, and constructing all the ecemary worksfortheattainment of the endin question. It-may ho stated, in conneion w,ith this part of their functions, that the estimated outlay for impro'ving and extending the metropolitan and city of London sewerage and drainae,3-nd for carrying out the works 'for the interception and deliveryof the sev age north of the Thames at liarking-cseek, atel south of the river at or below Plumnstead-marshcs, amounnts to about 3,500,00G., allowingm for contingencies and extensions north and south of the Whsmes; hut inthat is included 140,0001., now invested in E;cheauer-ilos, and lS,OOO. t be received under engagements entered into by the lte Commissiouers of Sewers. According to areport of aSpecial Committee of 3Metropolitan Sewers made in January, 18D4, the preseht mnount ef sewage north of the Thames is computed at 9,100,000 cubic feet, or 56,693,000 gallons per day, and south of the river at 3,000,oDQ cubic feet, or 18,6090, OD gallons a-day, making together a daily volume of wsiigaeiDf 12,100,000 cubic feet, or 75,383,000 gallons.- 'The sewage cIrent is unequal, one-half ilowing in about six hours, and part af a greater and part at a less 'rate. The great -1low commences about 8 in the morning, continues-to increase mp to 11 or 12 at nonn, and then decreases down to about 2 or 3 o'clock in the afternoon. The ma rinLune sewage flow north of the Thames is estimated at 12,638 cubic feet, or 78,73& gallons ln a minute, and south of the river at -4,il66-lubic feet, or 25,954 gallons per minute. The ordinairy rain -fais and storm-flood waters flow also through the sewers to a*ist extent. The average of four years gives 150 days in. each year whenramn-faDs, and from 23 to 24 days-In each year wshen food-rains occur. The sewerage and drainage levels' wbithin the metropolitan rated -ares vary to a great tdat the highestlevel north of the Thames being 400 feetabe-ve, and the lowest 6O. feet below Trinity high-watermark. he 1 owv level riorth of the riier- extends -over sevenTh- uaro miles and 193 acres, or 4,673 acres, compris ng a portioltof Chelsea; pert of Westnister, Pinmlico, ncluEing Buckingham-Palnie; and eastward the. Shadwell and Poplar ilit-lects. South of the Thames the highest level is 350 feet above, the lowest nearly S feet below Trinity high-water|mark. The low level soulth of the -liver extends overl22 squairemiles, 70acres, or 7,750acres, compriSIng-Fatter-ea, Lambeth, Southwark, Bermondsey, and Rothrhitbe. in the low levels the sewers are open foer hours only. in each tide.. The outfails have flaps or valves -closing under the tidal pressure, and so shuttingoutthe stream water- For,1(I out of every 24 hours the sewage- and rain--falls- a"> stopped anddmmed ack, and wlei hean y raiis eote4r, theiuuted sewage and drainage waters rse aoove-- the- surface, and houses, streets, and districts are flooded. - - Besides the powers of the Metropolitan Board' f Woks in reference to auestions of sewerage, in which, and iii 6ote other respects, they have an extensive control overfthe dis-trict lioards, they are lso -epowered to regulate7the naminguof the streets and thenumberig of houses the, .metropolis; -o.prevent tle erection-af bildinga beyond. ALe, re _ lineof astreet; to make, wideno-_r improve the public strets and "oads for facilitating the- traffic -ndd'-u` coniuaction with the local- boards, to S iake 'aid -enforo7 a. vass number of sinitaryranamements-surhforinstahue-,-2s. the appointment of medical-officers of health andinspectors. ofinuisances, the compelling ownersof houses, to constwet driamis into the common sewer, maling -rovisior fdr, lue combined drainage of blocks of houses,imposing penalties for erecting or rebailding houses -without proper.waterecioet ccominbodttion, providing ;nd maintainingpublic urimials. and other conveniences, and for The-watering-of streets_ the cleansing of footways, andifor the appointmcntand-iesmieration of crossing-sweepers, ho are to be distinguirad-bytheir dress or some distiuctive mark as 'public seei4ants. -The *ho6lelocil'mnnagement of the metropolis, innaiord, ,has been intrusted to them, andthey hove-now to show-how .far they are worthy of their mission. .-_ -'
A VAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. * Tho following latter, dated Malta, Dec. 25, is from our own cortespondent " The Osprey screw steamer has arrived fiom London, bringing Colonel Paterson, Captain Faraday, the Rev. E. -Verity, Messrs. Blelock, Boys, Calisher, O'Neil, Pepper, -Pearse and family, Mrs. Lander, and Mrs. EUlis and son, and left for Constantinople and Balaklava on the 15th. "The Golconda sailing transport arrie-d on the 13th from Qneenstowvn, bringing Captain Peel and Ensign Turner, 1st IRoyais; Captain Lhrrett and Lieutenant 2Fiistlethwayte, a3d! Cap tam Hebden and Ensign Wilson, 50th; CaPtain -'Whtte, lieutenant Daubcney, and Ensign PownalI, iStls; Ensign Fitzgibbon, 30th; Lieutenant Coen and Ensign DolInage,49th; Captain Carter aud Lieutenant Roward, 62d; Lieutenant Bingham, 90th; Assistant-Surgeon Tippetts, and 558 non-conunissioned officers and privates of various regimnents. . "The Bernick steuam transport arrived from London and *Plvmoitli on the 14th, bringing 27 labourers, and left on the 15th for Balaklava. "The Bahiana ste.am transport, wvith stores from Deptford, arrived on the 17th, and left for Balaklava on the 18th, convevin" Colnel Paterson, Paymaster ;Faraday, the Rev. Mir. Verity, Ma:jor Brosose. Assistant-Surgeon Tippetta, MIr. Bledock, Lieuten.ant Jerghty, Dr. Downes, Mr. M'Gregor, SO non-commissioned officers and privates, and 20 31altese carters and muletecrs. "The Europa steam transport left for the Crimea on the 23d, with Mr. Wallace, clerk, and 65 men of the M. S. C., four women, and eiglht children, 445 noni-commissioned officers and privates of the LtndTranspoit Corps; Lieutenant-Colonel Macbeathl, 6Sth; Major M`Cormick, 18th; M .ajor -Modgrass, 38th; Captain Newport, 39th; Surgeon King. Ensi"ns Butler, 7th; Faucett and Nicholls, 9Otlh; Lieutenants iRunholt, -7th ; and Collumn, 28th. "Her Majesty's steam troopship Urgent afrrived oni the 23d fromn Piymouth. bringing- aptain Arbuckle, 57tl; ,Ensigns Seaton, Thackeray, and Webb, 28th; and Mr. Allen, -ife, and three daughters; and, for- the Crimes, Colonel Holcombe, 13th ; Major Ireland. Adjutant Jenkins, and 740 non-commissionled officers and privates of the Lauld Transport Corps;, MLjor Ambrose, 3d; Captain Twyaden, :55th; Captain Butt, 79th; Lieutenant CampbeU, 48th; licuteniant Johnstone, 33d; Lieutenants Brodigan and Hall, and Ensign Ducat, 2Sth, Ensi-n Russell, 23d ; Ensign Tullock, 1st, Ensign Brown, 4Sth ; nusign Williams, 95th ; Staff Assistant-Surgeons Hayward and Lizars, eight privates of different regiments, Lieutenants Bane and Stanfell, R.N., and five seamen for the fleet; Lieutenant Markoff . and Ensign Flassenko, Russian prisoners of w-ar, to be ex- changed at Odessa. "The Ottaw-a steam transport, with clothing for the Turkish Contingent bound to Kertch, arrived froex Dungeness on the 23d. - 'The Holvrood screw steam transport left with provisioiis and stores for Coitstantinople on the 13th, conveying Lieutenants Mills and Shute, 57th; Broeas, 68th; Browne and Elliott. 33d; Cross and Sheppard, 97th; Ensigns Hales, K Knox, Morgan. and Rogers, l1th; Bloxinore, 23d; and 10 officers'servants. - " The steaim transport Sovereign, vith provisions, left for - Belaklava on the 15th, conveying Captain Kelly, Lieutenants Brant and Crawford, and Ensign Shaw, 18th; Lieutenant Roherts, 3W; Lieutenant Keppen, 48th; Lieutenant Worthington, 33d; seven officers' servants, and one Maltese tuleteer. "T'he Earl of Aberdeen steam transport arrived from Balaklava on the 20th. She took her departure on the 12th for S.pithead, on which day the Severn steam transport - arrived from BaIaldava. " "Her Majesty's steam gunboat Arrow arrived from :azatch on the 12th, on whicl day the sailing transport Bucephalus left for Spithead. "'-TheditnaleftforGibraltaron thelStli, with 66 Spanish mnleteers; and, on the same day, the Emin, for England; the Kangaroo, for Barcelona; and the Norman, for Spithead. " The Black Boy steam transport arrived fiom Constantinople on the 17th. " The Hope steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 17th; took her departure for Spithead on the 23d. "The Golden Fleece steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 18th; and, on the same day, the Victory steam transport, with bombs and mortars, bringing Captain Hackett, 28th, and Messrs. Dadds .and Merran. The Golden Fleece left for Gibraltar on the 18th. "The Blundeit sailing transport arrived from Constantinople on the 18th, and on the 20th, from the same port, the Prinee Alfred sailing transport. The Blunde.t sailed for England on the 19th. - "The Candia stcam transport arrived from Constanti. nople on the 23d. bringing Lieutenant-General the Hon. J. T. Scarlett, commanding the cavalry force in the E.ast. -The Arabia sailing transport arrived from Constantinople on the 23d, and at the same time the Lancashire Witch ,saifin transport froni the same port. " Me Zajesty's screwv steamship of the tine Agamemnon, .from Constantinople and the Pirasus of Athens. "The Enterprise steanerarrived on the 10thfromLTondon with French Government stores, and left for Constantinople - on the 12th. "The Louqsor French postal steamer ariived from Marseilles on the 16th. bringing, among other passengers, Captain Munrray. Dr. Van Eichtoff, 239 officers and privates of the French army, and three Sisters of Charity. She left on -the Caine afternoon .'or Syra. Smyrna, and Constantinople, -conveying, likewise Captain Elphin.tone and Captain Glar-forth, w ho embarked at Maf.lta. "The Canmel French posta stesapacket arrived from Marseilles on the 23d, and left for Syra, Smyrna, and Constantinople on the same day. ".The Thabor Frcneh postal steamer arrived from Constantinople and Smyrna on the 1th. " The Columbian steam transport in the French service, =rived from Constantinople on the 18th, bringing MIr. Grant, Dr. Loanza, and360 invalided officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the French army, and left for Marseilles on the 19th. " The Caire French postal steampacket only arrived from Constantinople, Gallipoli, Si rna and Syra on the 22d. " The European screw steam transport, in the French service, with shels, and 834 officers, non-commissioned officers and privates, arrived from Kainiesch on the 24th, having in tow the American ship Ocean Herald, in the same * service. with 441 more officers, non-commissioned officers and privates; both vessels left on the 25th for Marseilles. - "The Indus, Peninsular and OrientalCompany's stean- packet, arrived from Southampton on the 15th; and on the * same day the Alhambra steam-packet, belonging to the same compaony, from Mfarseilles, bringing the overland london mails of the 10tb. "The Vatican French po6tal steamer arrived from Marselles, and the continental ports of Italy and Sicily, on the 16th, bringing, among other passengers, Captain Elphinstone, Captain Garforth, and the Rev. J. IH. Porter. She left on her return voyage on the 21st. "The Anerican screw steamer General Knox arrived on the 11th from Marseilles writh a general cargo and 37 French sartificers, and left for Constantinople and'kamiesch on the * "The English schooner yacht Maria arived from Dublin, Gibraltar, and Leohorn on the 22d. - " The Leopard, Lynx, and Viper are this moment - signalled from the East, whence Admiral SirEdmund Lyons *is hourly looked for on his w~ay to Ejngland, hav-ing received -a telegraphic summons to attend the CounclI of War in ' England, leavingSirHouston Stewart in command. This fatter had arrived at Syra, on the way to Malta, where he received his recaUL" Vice-Admiral Sir Thomas Cochrane, K.C.B., struck his -fag on board Her Xajesty's ship Victory, as Commander-inChief of the Portsmouth station, last evening at sunset, his term of offioe having expired. This morning the flag (red at the fore) of Vice-Admiral Sir George Francis Seymour, KC.B., G.C.H., will be hoisted on board the same ship on the accession of the latter officer to the post vacated by Sir Thomas Cochrane, whose " hauling down" promotion is *expected to be conferred by the Admiralty on Lieutenant George Newcomen, first of the Victory, a lieutenant of nearly 14 years standing, and who was second officer in command of the squadron of honour equipped to attend upon the King of Sardinia on His Majesty's late visit to and departure from England. Sir Thomas Coohrane's two first "f'g' lieutenantr (personal staff) were appointed prior to Mfay last, on the 12th of which month the third (the Hon. Athur Hay) was appointed. The latter oficer leaves with his AdmiraL The staff of Sir George Sey-mour is Flag-Captain Hamond, son of Admiral of the Bed Sir Graham Eden Hamond, G.C.B.; Flag-Lieutenant Pechell, son of Rear-Admiral Sir George Brooke Pechell, 3f.P.; and Paymaster Aahby, as Secretary. The Prompt, screw steam transport, No. 168, Captain Gray, arived at Spithead yesterday from Constantinople and ,Malta. She brought no news, and only ballast as cargo. The bark Pearl, Captain Hutchings, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Bermuda, last from Cork with convicts - iwhose term of servitlde is up. She landed 184 at Cork; and has now on board 64, and 10 invalids. The Great Britain, steam transport, Captain Gray, went into Portsmouth harbour on Sunday afternoon, and yesterday morning landed her invalids at the dockyard, whence they procecded,to barrack quarters. His Imperial Majetys screw steam-corvette L'Ach6ron, from Martiniq-u Nov. 23, for Brest, put into Dartmouth -on Wednesday, short of fuel. Her equipage consists of Etat-Major Le Jeune, Lieutenant de Vaisseau De Marte- Ule, Enseigne Dup6, Docteur, et Trueil, Commissionai-e. - &he brings passengers from Martinique Alexandre, Capitaine d'Artillerie;iMargchal, Capitined'Artillerie;-andCuesneh Capitaine d'Infanterie. The commander of the ship and Licutenant De Martevill e, with the two officers of Artillery, paid a visit to Plymouth on Friday, and, escorted by Mr. Driscoll, of the French Consulate, went to the Devonport ekyard, round which they were taken by Lieutenant Williams, R.N., Director of Police. They then proceeded to the steamyard at Keyhiam, where the works and marhi- nM-y were shown them by Mx. Biddlecomnbe, MasterAttendAnt, and, like thol o of tUe dockyard, excited their surprise and admirtion. In the evening they went ttothe Plymouth Theatre, on entering which the orchestra played the French national air, and the audience rote sixtiultaneouslyin all parts of the hose. Commndr derLe Jeune and his frfends left for Dartmouth on Saturday, -expressing their gratifcation at the courtesy and attention they had everywhere received.. The corvette will leave for.Brestzwhen the weather ohanges The screw steanloop Cruiser, 17, Commna a-der the Hon. R. H. Douglai; and the serew steamship Archer,- 14, Captain E. Heathocte, from the Baltic, arrived in Plymouth Soundon Saturday morning. : - The plddlewheel steamaloop ptBulldog, X, , Commande r A. C. Gordon, went irom Plymouath Sound into Hlamoaze on Thursday. The Albion, 90, Captain the Hon. J. R. Drmuumond, was towed frop Plymouth Sound into Hamoaze on Thursday by the Confiance and Zephyr steam vessels. Her crew are- to be paid ofr, she having been in commission upwards of five years. The screw steam bloeksbip Hogue, 60, Captain W. Ramsay, C.R., having had defects made good, was taken out of Keyham docks on Saturday. The launching of the frigate Liffey, building in No. 3 slip, Devonport dockyard, is postponed from the first week in January to the month of March. I The contract for supplying the RoyalWilhiamnVictuallingyard, Plymouth, with beef for the use of the navy has been taken by M1r. J. England at 4Gs. 21L per cwt., being 9s. 7d: less than the previous year. The hired ship Willian Haniuond, Captain Edwvards, with 20a convicts from Portsmontlh and Portland, arrived in Plymowth Sound on Saturday, 'and is appointed to embark 45 convicts from the Dartmoor prisons, and a guard of 15 pensioners, in addition to 15 already on board. She will probaisly sail to-morrow for Freensantle. The African snail steamlship Gambia, Conunander Rolt, did not leave Plynsouth finally for the West Coast of Africa until Saturday morning. Stress of weather has compelled several vessels to take shelterFat Plymouth. On Thursday tse schooner Brunsette, of Glasgow, Daniel Wallace wuaster,, withl Indianl corn; for Ca-k of Frabuouth, for orders, which left Constantinople on thIe 25th of September, arrived there. in a very leaky state, with pumps clioked, and the iuaster aind crew nearly exhansted, having bad for some days to bale the water out of the fore-peak to keep the vessel froum sinking. On the samle day the Prulssiass brig Doris, of Barth, Captain Kiraeft, with coal fronit Cardiff for Malagn, put in vith loss of bhiivarks. On Saturday the brig Voluninia, of Susnderlassd, Captain Stricklasnd, with coal firom Cardiff for Constantinople, and the brigantine Gipsy, of Bristol, Captain Ayre, with sulphur and fruit froni Messina for Falbsouth, put iilto Plymouth. Botl suffered at sea on the 26th of Decemiber; the brig lost her mainmiast and head sails; the brigantine had her wheel, skylight, bisinacle, &c., carried awvay. T'ho following officers have obtained leave fromn Clsatham; -Captains William Moss;, 26th; John F. Girardot, 43d Trevor Goff, 45th; J. Robertson, 60lt; Richard Daweson, 75th; Edward Codd, 99th; Lieutenant George S. Coxon, 45tls; Ensign George Eyre Massy, 5th; and William John Kenipson, 99th Regiments. Captain Dssdley C. Hill, 40th Regiment, lately appointed Instructor of the School of Musketry at Templemore, proceeded yesterdhay to that station. Sixty-six invalids arrived ye-terday from Portsniouth, the worst caees being taken inito Bronmpton Hospital, the remainder to St. Mary's. The funeral of Ensign M'Donald East Isidia Company's En,gineers, takes place to-day with nsilitary honours at Gillingham. None of the bodies of the other youmg gentlemen have been discovered, although 501. has been offered for the recovery of each. The Royal Sappers anid Miners are under orders to fall in at 1 o'clock this day to foms the funeral party. Orders. have been received at the head-quarters, Chatham Division, Royal Mfarine Lighlt Infantry, ft.: 1 subaltern, 1 sergeant, 2 corporals, asid 46 privates to be in readisess to proceed to the Mediterranean statian for the disposal of the naval Comssaander-in-Clhief. Second-Lieutenasnt Arthur Hill is under orders to proceed with his detaclhsent, the seisior lieuteniant, William Stirling, being on court-martial duty. Colonel Eden, the cosmmandant of Clsatham gas-rison, issued an order yesterdayatating that theseveraldepartments wiill endeaveur to can-y out the intentions of the letter received fionm the Horse Guards for contributing to the Nightingale Fsimd.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-hiy attenition has just been caled to an article in yourpaper of the 25th inst., headed "Tho Reformatory Estab ishment at lfettray." In Lord Leigh's notice of this establishment Lord Leigh observed that M. de hfetz spoke to himi of La Grand Trappe and of the reforniatory established at that monastery. 'These are the words I refer to in Lord Leigh's notice-" In spe.aking also of La Grande Trappe, which is in the hands of monks, 3. de 3Mets said, that although he had not seen it, he feared upon this principle (namely, of 'daily serice'-of daily assisting at mass) that it was probable that when once the young daetn , restored to the w-orld, found out how dissimilar real life was from what lie had hitherto seen of it, and the impossibility of carrving out tlle religious piactice to -which ho would have been miost lkely trained in La Grand Trappe, there would be great d.anger that, his eyes once opened anid the constraint once removed, he would becomne wholly reckless and neglectful of the observances which the lawful business of the world still gave time for." As this observation of 3r. de Metz is founded on a mistake as to fact, I beg leave, tlhough your wide-spread journal, to insform the public, from personal knowledge, that the diteu.s at La Grand Trappe hear mass only on Sundays and holydays, as at Mfettray, that the system pursued at La Grand Trappe is mainly the very same as at Mlettray in every respect, with this exception,-that theBrothers -of the third order who work the Reformatory at La Grande Trappe have no pay, but volunteer their services out of charity. As one of the Superiors of the same congregation, visiting officially the monastery of La Grande Trappe every year, I have the best opportunities of knowing the facts, wMicl are as I have now stated. I may, moreover, add that the French Government inspector, whom I met at La Grande Trappe last September,.assured me that the Reformatory at that mionastery worked admirably, though but in its in- iopingthat, for truth's and justice' sake, you ill give this letter insertion im your Paper I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant. I . (~~KMMIF. Tt ~TZTPflVP.I Alount St. Bernard's Abbey, near Loughborough, Leitestershire, Dec. 29, 1855.
STREET ARCHITECTURE. TO THE EDITOR OF THE ThIES. Sir,-A few more such articles as the last one in your paper of yesterday will do more to raise the character of architecture in this country than all the vwritings put together of professional men who have the same object in view, because the public rarely, if ever, read their works. Trutlh in architecture is, indeed, but little appreciated inthisco-ntry; in fact, there appears to be a general apathy about architecture altogether on the part of the public, which, to any reflecting mind, is truly surprising; and it is my firm conviction that we can never hope to remedy the present state of things until the press take up the subject in a spirit of earnest intelligent criticism,-a spirit such as your admirable article in yesterday's paper evinces. Pardon the complaint, Sir, but architecture really deserves better treatment than it has hitherto received at the hands of the press. The sister arts have not been neelected in the sanie way as architecture, as at all our exhibitions of paintings the critics of the press are present, and able reviexvs are given of the works exhibited, sometimes extending to three or four notices, whereas when an exhibition of architectural works is opened it is noticed ouly by a few of the press, and then iU the most cursory manner. It femains, then, for the press, as the exponents and in many instances the guides of publc oprnion, to exert their influence to remove the present apathy which exists in the publc mind upon the subject of architecture. Depend upon it, Sir, we shall never get good architecture until the very name of " compo" is banished from among us. Itis to compo, and to compo alone, that we owe all the bad architecture and bad building of the prresent day; return (when stone cannot be obtained) to the use of our natural material, the one which so peculiarly belongs to this country -brick, and it wil not be long before we get a better system of architecture among us. Buildings erected of brick do not necessarily mean a return to the pigeon-hole style for which Baker, Gower, and Harley streets are so conspicuous. The buildings of Northern Italy and those of our Tudor and Elizabethan periods are evidences of- what may be doice with brick if only treated in a true artistic spiit. Re-introduce a more general use of brick, and with the varieties of colour to be obtained in that material we shal not long have to complain of the cold, cheerless aspect of the generality of our modern buildings. I am sorry to trespass so much upon your valuable space but, as the subject is a novel one iU the columns of fTc Timea, perhaps you will not refuse admission to my remarks. At any rate, I hope it will not be long before you return to the subject in a leading article, and give the public, the benefit of another homily on "the Lamp of I£rn'th. C.TART.FS aTAV Architect. Chandos1hambers, Adelphi, Dec. 29,1855.
POISOwNqrGaiN Fausca-The Court of Assizes of the Ohs-, on Wednesday, triedl a man named Robillard for attempting to roi.sn his father. The old man, who possessed some little property at Royaucourt, divided it some time ago between his two children, the prisoner and his daughter, on condition of receiving a liferent, but he gave the daughter the larger portion, and this irritated the son so mnc¶M that he frequently abused and threatened hiis father. On the 20th of September last the prisoner had a violent qsuarrel with the old man, and afterwards went to Montdidier.to puirchase a &-tantity of oil of vitriol. On his.return he-showed his wife the vitriol, and told her that a drop of it would-be enough to kil any ,one. On the 18th of October, while at work- wit another man near his father's house, he said that he must give a drop of something to drink to the old tman5 and he went into the house. He returned in a few minutes, and said that he had given his father "something that was rather strong," and at the time showed, a -bottle. The man>went to the house, and old Robilird told him that his son had attempted to poison him_bu,t 'that fortunately he had not swallowed all of what- miiad offered him - be at the same time complained that>he :suffered greatly iim burning in his mouth and ithroat. The son. was shortly after arrested,; and -his blouse wa~s found to be burnt by drops of vitriol; and after a 'while he confessed that he had given some of the. poison in brandy; to his father. The jury acquitted the prisoner on the charge of attem it6d p6i-oning,- hut conivicted, him of the~ lesser offience of having caused *what the law calls "1malady andwond," by a substaiime administered 'by him; andu the' Cut zentenced hima to five, years> imprisonment,-k Gatigaoaz7j
UPTROPOLITAN COMMISSION OF SSWERS. A special Court of Sewers was held yesterday at their house, Greek-street, Soho, and, this being the day on which the potwers of the conmmission would expire, there was a very full attendance. Among the commissioners present were-Mr. H. Jebb, chairman; MIr. J. Thlwaites, the newlyelected clhairman of the Mfetropolitan Board of Works ; MIr. F. Chalmers, 'Mr. James Russell, hMr. E W. Johnson, MIr. George Offor, MIr. Hodgsoni, Sir J. V. SheUey, Dr. Sayer, &c. BAL.ANCES IN THE HANDS OF C03OISSIONERS. Mr. OFFOIt asked the chairnan when it wvould be reqiuired that the balances in their hands should be paid over to tie IICw board? The CnAis.NssxN said that there was a large amount standing in the names of siX of the comnussioners in the Bank of England, andl by the new act that amuount would belong to the new board. Sir J. S Lr rLEY.-W hat is the amount? The Cilst LnaN,u.-It is about l40,0001., besides interest. Si J. V. SHELLEY.-Does it stand in the names of thos6 six gentlemlen as private individuals, or in their character of commissioniers? The CHMRI.ax-As privato individuals. The Bank of England wvould not take notice of them Las consisissioners, as that character irnposed a trLnst of .-which the Bank would be obliged to take coglnizance. - ; Sir 3. V. SiiELLEY thought an order of the Court should be passed to authorize those individnals to transfer the nioney to the new Board of Works, when required to do 'so. The CmiAR:saLiN did not see any objection to that course, thou"1i lie tlouglit it wlas quite superfluous, as they would be obliged by act of Parliament to transfer tlse money to the lew board. . The following resolution was tlsen agreed to "That the fulsds and securities IOW standing in the names of the six gentlemein of the coninmission in thie Bank of England be transferred to such persons as thc newv Mletropolitan Board of Works shall order." DEPUTATION FROMI RASRYLEBONE. A deputation from the parish of St. MSarylebone waited on the coimmissioners for the purpose of obtaining infornmatioii on various matters which it was essential should be understood, in order to enable the District Board of Works to discharge the duties which the new act had imposed upon themii. Mr. Fi.EnTH, who headed the deputation, said, as chair: man of the Committee of Sewvers for the parish of M-arylec bone, lie had to infonn the Couit that, after full consideratioll, the district board had determiined to take the sewers muider their ownl care and management, and to do their best to laiiitain them. He acknowledged the attention -which the coiimnittee had alrealy received fros the secretary of the conznission, M1r. Woo=*ch, but as niuchi further information wvas required, lie begaed to put a series of questions to the Court, wvinch he haa 11o doubt wouldd be satisfactorily aniswered. The first question was as to whether any of the sewvers of the iarish of St. Marylebone were in a damigerous condition that required iiusisediate attentiomi, and when they were last surveyed? MIr. BAZALGETIE, the chief engineer, said that vhen the sewevrs were surveyed some three or four years ago some of them had been reported to bo in a dangerous condition, from having their bottoms wmshed away, yet many of them had remnained in that coniditioni ul to the present tinse without any mischief having occurred, and thelefore, although they mighst appear to be inl a d.angerous colndition, he did iot anticipate the works w ould give way-. Mtr. Coorsin, theC district surveyor, said there were holes in seine of the sewers, which rendered them liable to give way in a week, talthough tey might last for years. Mm-. FIIEres then asked a question witm regard to what contracts wvere exsting, when they would tenninate, and wvhetlher it vould be advisable forthe new board to continue The C suamna aid, there -crc twvo species of comstraets -tUle one special and the other general. The spcial contracts vere those for the construction of particl ar sewers, an(d such of the words as were nowv in course of construction suider those contracts it would devolve upon the newv central board, anid not the (lstiiet boards, to carry out. The second species of contract wvere for smaller works to amnomnts ilot geiserally exceeding 2°D01, .andalso for cleansing aLid repairs. 31r. Thirst wvas the jobbing contractor for the district, including Marylebone, aiid his contract would e.xpire at Lady-day next. . FP.REETH said, there were RS miles of intenmediate sevwers in tle parish of Marylebone, aiid lie wished to knowv whetlher there were ammy contracts existing with respect to them, and whether those cosltracts would be adopted by the ceiltral board. Mfr. WooLinrehr, the secretary, said that the construction he put upon the act was, that the central board would have no power to adopt what was caled the jobbilg contracts, such as cleansing, repairing, Re., and, tlerefore, it would be the duty of the local board to snperintend those vorks wvith regard to the 88 miles of sewers referred to by Mr. Freetlh; at the same tnue, the local boards did not appear to havc anly powver to continue tle contracts for such wVorks; it wvould, howvever, be competent for them to undertake the works thelmselves, or to require the celitral board to do it as their agents. 3Mr. FREETsz thlen asked whether the district board could be furnishe(d with the plans, sections, istrnnents, and other materials appertaining to the senvers, so as to enable the district board to carry out their wvorks ? The CrtisnuxL said, he was imot aware that the coiuilissioiiers bad anly power to fuinisli sucI tliius - they were bouiid to hand over everything to the centralboard.. Mr. FREEril said, his next question was as to whetler the parish would have to bear any proportion of the existing ebt of the commission ? The CHAlknMAN said, the accounts of the commission wsould be handed over to the Board of Works, and they would have to make an adjustment among the various parishes of the liabilities on the one hand, or the share of tlihe balance that mmight be in haid on the other. At present the coinmiissioners kept their accomits by parishes and not by districts. The system. vould be altered under the neiv act, and it would bo a very difficult task to make the adjustmeiits in time different parislhes. He was not, however, in a position to answer the queshon. 3M. FREETIH said, lie had to go back to 120 persons, who had seiit him tlsere, and tlerefore he was desirous of obtaining al the information possible. The CisLumimaS replied that if he were to attempt to give any furtlier iiiforumation on the subject he should only be misleading the deputation. In reply to other questions by Mr. Freeth, Mr. flIWAITES, as the chairmsan of the New Board of :Works, said lie had made arrangements for persons being appointed to take charge of the premises in Greek-street, Soho, and remanin there for the purpose of giving every infonmation to the parishes which they might require. He hoped -soon to have a sufficient staff estabished to render all necessary assitance to the new local boards. MAr. OFFOPB begged to suggest to the deputation and to other parishes and districts that they should come to an understanding not to break up for distribution what he miight call " the Sewers Museum." They had plans, maps, sections. and other valuable works colected together in that building, to which every parish and district would have access, and, taken collectively, those works would prove highly valuable, but if distributed among a number of parishes they would become comparatively worthless. The CHAIMLAN said, no doubt every parish would have the powver to obtain copies of wvhatever maps, plans, or sections they might require. After discussing a few minor points, the deputation vwithdrew, and, after the transaction of some further business of a routine character, the Court broke up.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TLIES. Sir,-I read with much pleasure the announcement in your publication of this morning that the learned Baron arke is to sit in the House of eers by the title of Baron Ampthill. You will not object to be informed that Ampthill-park does not belong to the Carteret family, but to the Duke of Bedford, by whom it W3as purchased a few years ago from the late Lord Holland, who inherited it from us uncle, John Fitzpatrick, Earl of Upper Ossory, in whom that title became eAtinct. For mnaniy years it was the residence of Lord Ossory, and was the resort of the noble and the gay in the days of Charles Fox and Horace Walpole. There is a small poem by Luttrell called " Ampthillpark," published with his "Letters to Julia," 'which gives a verypoetical, yet accurate description of the pretty scenery of the neighbourhood. The seat of Lord Carteret, near AnmpthiUl, is caUed I am, Sir, Vour obedi&nt servestL BEDS.' Jim zL, lt6a.
SHIPWRECK ON THE 'J)EVONSHIRE COAsr.-A Spanish steamer, of 800 tons' burden, namned the Independiente, laden writh sugar from Cadiz, was wrecked a few days ago, under Black Head, about a mile and a-half to the east of Budleigh Salterton. The unfortunate occurrencee took p lace at 4 o'clock in the morning, and the lives of the crew'- 25i number-were in the utmost jeopardy. The longhoat first left the wrec'k -with four handis eni board, atnd came to Salterton beach through a tremendous surf. They were, however, safely landed; and two other. of the steamer's boats put to sea and landled four more of the crew. The officers and crew of the Coast Guard, after considerable efforts and displaying great courage, succeeded in safely landing the remainder of the steamer's crew-i7 in numiber. The inhaitants rendered the poor fellows every assistancer, and they were carefully attended to. SERIOUS AFRAuy wnuH PoAcEmns.-On the night of Wednesday last, as Lord Wemyss's keepers, of Stanwaycourt, Glocestershire, were on their heat, one of them, a mnan named Pigeon, was attacked by two poachers. Hle collared one, andT the other cried out to himi, "If you do not let my companion go I wil shoot you," and immediately discharged his gun, the whole contents of which lodged in the right elbow joint. Finding Pigeon still kept tight hold of -the man, he commenced an onslaught on the keeper with the~ butt-end of his gun, which he brok-e over the poor fellow's head. At this moment two other keepers came to his assistance, but the man who fired the gun had made off. They took the other poacher prisoner, ad we hear the man that shot.Pigeon has since been taken intocusody Mr.Newan,surgon,of inchcombe, being sentfor,and indig th natre o theinjuiesso extensiv e, despacheda mesage or B. Brokes,surgon, of Cheltenhnt Amutaionwasdeeed eedul,and the arm was ake of beow he houderoin, udertheinfluence of GLAISGow, Dec. 29.-Ctton.-O ur market fo r cotton-wool has been almost stagnant this week-, spinners -rnnning their stocks to the lowest ebb. Prices are slightly irregular. There is a fair demand fo power loomn goodls, ,and prices-are rather better., The stock of yarns is light, and the demand good for nearly adllnumbers. Ixon.-Trans- acinsi g iron have during 'the closing week* been l mitdn market, and the value of thd.article isslightly deteriorated since- this day se'miight. - Speculators do not seem incelined, -in face of'a heavystock and deeteasedl demnand, to go inito the article, whiile paftie§ already interested have lately shown ani inclination to q~uit-; hence-tho- declie. MI.N. wanrants, 74s. 9d. ; INo. 1, TOs. ; No. 3, 74s, cash,
JENNY LIND AT EXETER-HALL. I Handel's Messi4a was givenlast nights underthe direction pf Mir. Benedict, Madame Jenny GoldschnifdtLind unLdertaking the whole of the soprano part-for the first time in London, though not in England, which those who were at Liverpool in thc summer of 1850 may remember. The hall was as crowded as on any of the previous occasions. Althouigh, perhaps, not so uniformly admirable (we were about to say pfifect) as in Elijal, it is no littlo to say in favour of Madame Goldsclnmidt that her performance in .Z7te fessiah last night presented a greater untiber of genuinie artistic beauties in proportion to the grtatcr variety of music she had to sing. In many places she rose to muisurpassable excellence. The recitative of the angel at the very outset 'was an example of superb vocal- declamation, the spirit of exalted faith imparted to the words 'tBehold, I bring you good tidaigs of great joy," producing aln effect as strildng as it was new. "Reioice I greatly," though the execution -was occasionally very fine and the reading alwrays legitimate, left the ear and the taste less entirely satisfied. There could be no possible objection to the shake on the note which conducts the transition into the mninor key; but such ilterpolationis are best sancetified by irreproachable purity of intonation, anidthis v as hardly displayed u the present iLstaUice. hladame Goldschmidt's forte, however, does not lie so much in bravtura singing, or in the enunciation of rapid and florid assages like those which giva special character to "Rejoice greatly," as in songs where sentiment and feelig are required, and in these her command of expression has a range pretty nearly unlimited-fromii the shnplest, indeed to the mijost sublime: WhVat wholly opposite things shc can clothe with all the poetical mcaning of which they are capable wvas exenplipied Last night to singular advantage. Compare the second part of " He shall feed his flock" ("Conie unto mini") with " I know that my Bedeemer liveth," in both of wlhich words and music were delivered as, onl the whlole, they have never been before, at least in the memory of the present genieration. So exquisitely traniquil anid pure was M1adame Goldsclimidt's expression in tho admonition of the Divine Shepherd to His flock, so instinct with comfort and with holiness, that we could only regret she did not place implicit faith in thc great nsaster whose genius she appreciates so well, and preselve the text of Hanidel uniimpared from first to last. WVe are aware of the value of that high " B flat ;" but it is niot set dowin in the score; andno extrinsic attractionwas wanted to enhiance the effect of such music and such singing. The Frenchlphrase so very cosinioniyetso seldomjustified-"cllc a crantMconmze inzc angc,"-might here have been applied without extravagance. The audience were quite enchanted, and an enthusiastic encore was the nmost inatural of possible results. " I knowv that my Redeemer livetb," on the other hand, although less irreproachable as a mnere vocal effort, eshibited still higlher beauties. AVe may at once mention wvhat we consider to be the faults of this performmine-viz., certain modifications in the length or duration of notes, anticipations of final notes in phrases, and alterations seeaingly but not really insigniiicaiit in time groups of notes that constitute cadences-all of wvhich are inadmissible, or at least uniadvisable, in the music of Handel, tle positions of wvhose hannony are so constantly changing and who makes so free an employmemit of wvhat musicTanls technically term suspensions. But, by the side of these casily remedied inaccuracies, the granid devotionall air in question was inarked by an elevation of style that could not be excelled. The wvhlole conception of the song was beyond criticism, wvhile in two places effects were realized quite as beantiful as they were unusual. We allude to the vmcza 2'o0C on the -words " tle first firuits of them that sleep," thani w"hich iothihsg could be snore exquisite; asid to the feeling of enthusiasm allied to the pacsage, "For now Chlist is riseni fromi the dead," expressed in the music by a scale rising to G sharp, very note of which (and every wvord) .was given withi marked emphasis, and gradually iniereasing power, until the climax, which, without hyperbole, might be .ashuilated to "the triumpet of a prophecy." " But thou didst not leave his seul in hell," and "How beantiful are the feet," the last especially, were not so effective as they might have been had Madame Goldschmidt allowed them that umrestrained and easy flow wlhich is their chief characteristic, and inideed inidispeiusable to their appropriate expression. Anlothier notable int, however, was the last air,-" If God be for us, who cani be against us?'-which v was sung to perfection. The extrenie care and finish bestowved uposi this finie song, which, owAing to its conling nearly at the enid of tle oratorio, is too frequently neglected, would prove (if proof were wanted) that Madame Goldisclunidt is quite as conscientious as slie is gifted-in short, a sincere, no less tlan a great amid accomplished artist. She had her reward, -since shic kept the vast audience spellbouid to the last, and sealed her triumpl with a performance worthy of anythin- that had gone before. To say that we have niever heard. "If God be witlh us" so well read till now would be but faint praise. The trutl is, we never tiU Ilnow wvere miiade vholly senlsible of its deep and sacred mealsing. To describe the reception of Madame Goldschmidt and the applause tlat accompanied her efforts would be needlessly to go over old grounid. The other singers were Miss Dolby,-who never sang the coetralto niusic better,-Messrs. Lockey, Thomas, Lawler, and Herr Reichardt, w-ho made Isis first appearance this season, and s,ang the tenor music of the second (the pa%sion) vith a feeling and artistic correctness that did himn honour. The band and chorus, under Mr. Benedict's guidance, gave every satisfaction. -
LNTLmIDAITON flY TURNOUTS AT IANCUESTEE.- The only change which has taken place in the strike of ajinners and piecers at Manchesterhas oceurred this week through somc eight or nine persons resiuning wtrk on Thursday and Friday at the niull of Mr. J. Clarke, in Helena-street. This led to great excitemelnt among the turnouts, and on Friday at noon one of the " knobsticks," as the new wvorkpeople are called, was folowed from the mull to his own house, and assailed w,ith threats and abuse. In returning from kis dinner stones were thrown at him. Oni Saturday Thomas Limerick-, a spinner, was brought before the magistrates, charged with having taken a leadng part in this intinidation and violence. A spinner named Viliam Gutteridge stated that lie was working at Mr. Clarke's mill, and left it at I o'clock to go hone to dinner. He was followed by theprisonerandothers, andthe prisoner, ih company with about a dozen others; asked him if hie meant to leave his work and join the strike. He said he did not, and they then attacked hlini and chased him to the door of his house in Bramson-street. The prisoner remained under his front window from 10 minutes past 1 o'clock until a-quarter to 2, threatening him with vengeance, if it were seven years before it could be taken. Gutteridge's wife corroborated this statement, and spoke to Limerick's identity, and said that Limerick told her if her husband came out of his house to return to work they would kill 1dm. For the defence three witnesses (two of them turnouts) were called to prove an alibi. Mr. Maude, the magistrate, said that the defence had proved too muchthey had proved thatthe prisoner was in two places at once. The Bench had no doubt of the facts, and couid not permit gross intimidation and violence like this to continue. The operatives had a right to turn out and to get higher wages, if they could, but they must give others the same liberty they asserted for themselves. Tho sentence was that the prisoner be committed to hard labour for one calendar month. It is said that the funds collected for the turnouts last week-the mnost inclement weather we have hadafforded a dividend of only ls. to each person on stike. 3MR. JACKSON, mis DoNCASTER PARwsntoxx.- The pawnbroking trade in most of the principal and many of the smaller tow,ns of the country have warmly taken up the case of Mr. Jacksofi, whose extraordinary trial and conviction at a recent sessions held at Sheffield have already been fully explained in T7he Times. A meeting has just been held at Manchester; the attendance was very numerous, and the most energetic measures were resolved upon. A meetiug of about 80 members of the trade has been held at Liverpool, where similar measures were adopted. At a special meeting of the trade recently held at Bristol, resolutions were Passed censuring the "harsh and unparaUeled trial and sentence of Mr. Jackson," and offering to him and his family the sympathy of the persons present; also directing proceedings to be taken under legal guidance for the release of Mr. Jackson. A meeting of the same kind has likewise been held at Nottingham, and it resulted in the adoption of resolutions for procuring the liberation of the prisoner. At Leeds a committee has been formed, to act in conjunction with the trade associations in other parts of the country, with a view to the same object. At Leicester, Halifax, and Carlisle memorials to the Home Secretary have already been got uip. At Paisley and other places a co-operative movement has been commenced. Several members of Parliament have 7romised to aid in the efforts now making for the release of SkMzGn F OF THF STAnrs EDIINsURGIt-oa.Isgow -This magnificent ship which has just been built forC the Glasgow and New York twradee, sailed from the Clyde on Friday wth lOD passengers and the most valuable cargo whih ve clard ut f heport of Glasgowbasnl bottom,cthe es timatd value being 192,0001. If to this be added the value of the ship and stores on board-viz., 73,000t, it gives a total of 265,0001. The cao consists principally of cotton-manufactured goods. Thediburgh is biit f a-on,herscrew being propled e 450-horse power. This is a resumption of the ta rd between Glasgow and New York-, after an interruption of inore than a year, caused by the exigencies of the war-the sbips Glasgobi and Ke* York, belong-ing to this line, being the largest transport steamers in the service of the French Government. The New York, the contract service for which expired at the end of the last month, was expectediimmediately in the Clyde to succeedtheEdin- urgh on the American station, but news arrived on S rda tht thehadbeenagain chartered for six months by the F rench Govermnetit. The contract with the Glasgow expires at the end of Febraary. ClniliAL PROSEC1ONS IN COUN TND OOU ES. -LIn T7ee Tim7e of Friday it was stated that some correspondence had taken pIace between the aurditors of the accounts of the Norwich town-counlcil and the Lords of the Treasury on the discrepancy which appeared in the expenses attending crimiunal prosections an the county of Norfolk and the city of orwich. The subject is one of national importance, the expenses of criminal prosecutIons being rep aid out of the consolidated fund, and the following return, which embraces all the cases tried in January; 15o3, at the sessions in question, possesses,' therefore, consideraWble interest:-- ; ~~~~~~Coueay of Cityof NWmber of peeutiors at seosions held iu Jaaiuy, 1853 - 21 EJpenses previous to the coomitment of 52 30 -Wit pase nars. £1r .. .. ., .. 28 5 8 .. £5419 5 Witnesses ~~~~~~~102 158 6 .42 3 6 Ceonseind sors * - . 3 3 0 . 37 18, 4- Qlerkof.thePesce -..0 0 *- 7 7 0 ClsrkefthePeaccoandCrier 000 : 3 851 O 4 Criii ~ 28 8 10 .. 0 0 Total >Ka52~~~13 0~ ~.t2253 7 Atveragerosofe eachpreeecution ..- 5 1 0 ..I- 710 0 In county prcisedutiofs the travelling expenses o poliemenwvitnesses, &rc., are necessarily considerably more thian in city cases, and this of-^ cournse aggiavttes the anomialy exhibited in the g,eneral result.
DRUBY-LAYE THEATBE. Iast night a dramatic "squili," entitled the 'Grat tGu Trick, was let off wvith success: Mr'. C. Mathews represents one of those ingenious gentlemen, light in pocket and fertile in brain, who have long lived easily in the atmoesphere ,of farces his vocation for the oiioment being, that of a conjuror,, after the fashi6n of tho Wizard of theNorth." He hais, moreove<, been saved Trom droavtlingatValerie-sur-Sonunej by a mysterious fair one, andj having recognized her durin onie of Tis performances, attired in acertainKbonnet, EFsissuedl~ertisement, inviting her to reappear. - Tlhus we see, not onily is the general entertainment of the " Wizard-selected for the mark at vhich the "a squb " is thrown, but also allusion is made to that pleasig ittle romance of real life which formed the subject of one of the most celebrated placards connected tllh his Lyceum managemenit. The stage is fitted up as if for a legerdemain performance, and Mr. Charles MSathews, aided by Mr. Rogers and a couple of small assistant;, oes through a serics of tricks, some merely burlesque, others realy clever imitations of conjuring. These tricks, too, are w%orked into a little plot. A sheriffs officer endeavours to -arrest the conjnror in the mnidst of his achievements, but is made to vanish by means of a gigantic exthmguisher. A creditor who gets on-the stage, on pretence of aidiug in the performance, likewNise proves restiff, but a 1004-note is conjured out of his posseson by means of two smage bo:xes, whvhile in place of it ie hastheawarrantivithwhichhefrjrnislied thesPIeifftsofficer When Sophionisba, the heroine of Valeric-sur-Somme, is at last discovered in a private bh:i, and turns but to be the daughter of the har -hearted dimn, who relents and places the hland of his child in that of the conjuror, the sheriff is allowed to re-appear through a chest of drawers, and, by way of a "tag," TMr; R ogers throws a haindful or two of IOnteb7ns to the autdience. The gist of this trifle consists in the felicity, witl which m-r. C. Mathews assumes tlie importiint air of the real conjuror, as though every trick he performed 'vias an act of condescenision, wvhile his assistants bustling about the stage, and doiiig nothing, with all the pomp of being exceedingly busy, keep up the ilusion. But -what is most remarkable is the suddeiniess withl whlich Mr. Charles Alathews, at the commencement of his tricks, actuaUy assumes the appearance of the " Wizard of the North"- Indeed, the audience Last night literally roared with delighted astonishment when they saw the favourite comedian transformed into the famous "professor" before their very eyes, with scarcely any means beyond a powver over the countenauce. -
VARIABLE STARS. TO THE EDITOR OF TUE TIMES. Sir,-Mr. Hind, in hris interesting letter which appeared in your paper of the 24th inst., on the subject'of "aiable stars," observes that the phenomena they present are .aisyet not understood. A great philosopher has an aphorism to the effect that, though ve should conic to conclusions cautiously, ev should speculate boldly. I venture, then, to ask attentibn to the following circumstances had conjectures bearing upon the point in question*- m mass of matter, while isolanted from all other matter, has its centre of gravity at a certain definite point, but when subject to the attraction of other matter its cenitre of gra ity shifts its position, anld approach es to the surface of its nass in the direction of the external disturb<ig force, and the tendency of all gaseous aud fluid matters upoII its surface is to flow towards and collect over the spot nearest to the cenitre of gravity. Were two planets similar to the carth, but not rotating, to be placed iu close contact, it a-ppears to me that the centre of gravity of each would rise to near its surface and towards the other planet, and that the whole of the atmosphere anld nearly the wvhole of the water on the surface of the two planets would he collected together, occupying the intermediate space; and just in proportion as they vere removed frm the influence of each other would their centres of gravity retire to their own proper centres. A very small force, however, would suffice (there being no rotary motion) to cauise the atmuosphere and the vater to be drawn to that side of the planet nearest to that force, inasmuch as their flowing thitlher wvould cause the centre of gravity still further to rise, and it would continue to maintain the same relative position to the true cenitre for the tihne being of the pLuaet miass that it occutpied previously to the flowing towvards it of the atmosphere and water. Now, this accumtlating tendency of the gaseous and fluid matters, under.the inflience of an external force, would, I conceive, be counteracted or nullifiied by the rotary motions of the planets on their owni axes. Their centres of gravity would be changed every instant, and the more rapidly the change wvas effected, and the nearer the centres of gravity lay to the centres of the planets, the more genleral would be the distribution of their atmospheres and waters, and rice 'cr'sd. This, I incline to think-, is the true theory of the earth's tides. The attraction of the moon draws the centre of gravity from the earth's true centre, and the wvaters, in obedience to thc Lawv of gravitation, flowv towards the point nearest to the centre of gravity, and were it not for the rapid rotary motion of the earth its side towyards the moon would quickly become inundated to an immense depth, while its opposite side vas left nearly dry. Supposing, then, the variable stars to have luninous atmospheres or oceans, and, compared with that of the earth, slowrotarymotions, andto besubjectto tbeinfluenecof one or more large plancts orstars, the attraction of which was sufficientlypowerful to cause the lummious matter to flow to one side of the star, leaving the other naked, till the luminous flood came round again, the phenomena of variable stars wiould be produced, and as for v ariety of aspect, the principle seems to admit of infinite change. Certain other points I should be gLad to refer to, but am afraid of treaspassing further on your valuable space. I.un- - m, Sir, your obedient serant. J. V: I ongnI3orougll, JJec. zJ.
THE MAn STEAHER ATLASInC.-LilTAPOOL, Dec. 31.-The UnIited States' mail steamer Atlantic left this port for New York on Saturday, and this afternoon the following notice appeared in the shippimg news on the slate in the underwriters' room :-' Queenstown, Dec 3L-The United States' steamer is coming in. She has two masts, no head, and black funnel, 'with red top. Blowirg a gale." Though no name is mentioned, the description is that of 1he Atlantic, and considerkble curiosity prevails in consequence. On inquiry at the office of the local agents our correspondent was informed that no positive inteligence had yet reached them, and that they had telegraphed for more definiite particularsm Intheoaeantimethey were inclined tobelievethatit was not the Atlantic, which would be considerably out of her course at Queenstown. The agents have since received a r deply to thetelegraph:-" Slight derangement of one of the be easily set right, and she will procced to-morrow. mornmng." ABSCONDINGa OF Ma {EA A. i POSTMASTER OF NEWCA E-UPON-T -A painful interest has been excited in lNewcastle by the absconding of Mr. Charles Headlam, the prtmnster, who la held the office only a few years. Mr. Bland, one of the superintendents of this district, is now in charge of the department, aud it. has been ascertained that the deficiency in lIr. Headlam's accounts does not exceed a few hundred pounds. The amount will be made good bghis sureties, so that the publiEcill suffer no loss. The discovery was made on the appointment of a new surety to replace one who had given notice to withdraw when it became necessary to squaro the accounts. The appointment of postmaster is now vested in the Duke of Argyll as Postmaster-General, and not as formerly in the Lords of the Treasury, on the nomination of members of Parliament. Mr. Headlain's successor, a gentleman of experience in Post-office duties, is, we understand, already appointed-the rule now being to appoint some one from the Post-office department according to merit, and not from local connexions. The defaulting postmaster is cousin of Mr. Headlam, liL?, for lNewcastle, and only son of Alderman Dr. Headlam,L a gentleman who stands at the head of the medical profession in his nlative town, and is deservedly esteemed by all classes of his fellow-citizens. yno?t1 F ROM IIIF S lA C.T.-A ase now awaits a coroner's inquest at the King's CoDege, Hospital, where a poor woman has died from the effects of injuries produced by the scratch of a cat. The n ame of the deceased is Amne Smith, 30 years of age, the 'wife of a-tailor, residing at l2, WhiteHorse-chambers, Fetter-lane, and, from what can be ascertained of the matter, it appears that she was chastsing the cat in some way, when the animalturned roundand scratched her on the arnL She took little notice of the wound until the arm began to inflame, and it soon assumed such a painful state of saweling that application for medical assistance became indispenamble. She was accordingly admitted an in-patient, under the care of Mr. Partridge, but the iu'fammatory symptoms were of so obstinate a character that they failed to yield to surgical treatment, when erysipelas supervened, and she died on Saturday last in the greatest agouy. ADuLTzRATioT OF B .-At the, West Bromwich Petty Sessions on Saturday last several beerhouse keepers were summoned for using grains of paradise in their brewing. -Ir. PhilEps, the analytical chyroist to the Board of Inland Revenue, was examined, and clearly proved the charge, andthe defendantswere fned in the mitigatedpenalty in each case of 50O Samuel Mfalden was also summoned for having in his possession certain colourimz matter-being a mixture of burnt sugar and sulphuric acidc-for mixing with the beer, to give it a deep colour and an appearance of strength. The defendant alleged that it was a mixture of treacle and vinegar only, prepared for the use of an invalid son; but, after hearing Mr. Phillips's evidence, the Bench conuicted the defendant, and fied Ialso in the mitigatea penalty of 50f.-Ar,-ss Birscfnglse, Gmzette. . The Paris correspondent of Le aNord writing yesterday, says he is as~sured that the F~rench Government has demanded of the Cabinet of Vienna an explanation of the toast which had been drunk in honour of tile Rlussian armny at a banquet given to Marshal B3aron Hfess, to celebrate hiT fioth year of military service. CUBSED PROVISiONS FOR THE AiruED Amy.- Such is 'the demnianfor cured provisions pt up in hermetically sealed canisters that one establihent (the Messr. Hogarth, of Aberdeen) are kIlling as nmay as GO fat cattle a-day, 'besides using an Hialmense quantity of fish. The Frenceh Goveranment receives mnost of its supplies from this es;tablishment and it is worthy of remark that, while the* other eablisliments, which are -chie BiihGvernment, are often hinderd and -very comimfonly perplexed by the comnple.x chaeracter of the official order,, everything is done ait once by the French Govemnm..ent though telegraphic despatehLs~, and without tlie lolss ofa Voen' time. SouasE - To 31ESsmcs Gaasoe A2-,-D BR.IGHr.-The usua-lannual SOia-~etO t'he-members forNManchester is tobe held iii the Corn-Exchange in that city,, on the eve of the meeting 'of Parliament. The relizmiinaries were agreed to-at a ~lriiato meeting lin'A-NewZr'smbilins, on Saturday evening. CltSTALxi PALACE.-ONIE Smin' DAY, .1 onday; Dec. 31, 1855.-Admissions on payment, 1,lhS'; ditto by oantieckets, 202. Total visito*s 1.42o.
SALES BY AUCTIONI Hlde-park-gardens. 5IVESSRS. ELLIS and SON beg to announce that the MANSION, No. 11, Hde- k advertsed for SALE early in the sy b, a been I ISNrUSSeD OFy private Contract.- Fenchuech-et, ecember29, 1855. This Day-CalnberwelI-Furmiture, Plate, and Effects. ,IR. EDWIN FOX Will SELL by AUCTION, on MV.k the Ptemises, 23, Denmark-row, Coldhar bulnCambezTHIS DAY, at 12, neat HOUSEHOLa) of theus d tsaiptlon, yianoforte, asiice of plate, plated articles, and nistella C tiewandcatalogues had. JewellerY. Gold and Silver Watches, Champagne, ae -- MR, JOHNSON hwa received instructions to offer for SALE by AUCTION, at the City Auction Rooms, A9, GraceRchurch-street,o-morowJnuay2,at2 withoutreserve,anas conigmeR beautif. bealongn to a fe~aee,r" fo Ties conssting of 100 gold and silver Geneva watches, 20 gold Albert erains and keAs, diamond Gings, 200 dozen of portmonnaiey, 10,000feetdof gilt momd frooms to nches wide,r20 t ove'lan s- pagne, 200 colenred engea iga, six beautiful drawing room dclc five ewe, of German esusage, and numerous other effects. On View. Catalogues htad at the rooms Italian Satuary ande namdetal Sculpture. . JOHNSON will SELL, at theCity Auction B-.Atoomsn, 3o, Gtceehurch-street, on rsiday, January 4, at 12,-a consignment oflbeautiful Italian STATIJETT Vases, Termas, Urns. &., in great variety, copied from the most clehestoat galleries of Borne, Fiorenee, Naples,Tem, s., from the design,s ofthe mosteelebeatedsan an d modem artists. May be viewed the day previous and moring of sale. Catalogues aind at the Pooas. This Day.-Umcdeemed Pledges, Gold and Silver Witches, Jewpiecry, Wearing Apparel, Piece Goods, and Miscaneous Property. MSR. FMOEDE. PBIEST will SELL by AUCTION, EFFEiC inaTHcDAYudi n O eslduay&,Januaty l l for 12, t 0 lo of WE ArIn crAPPA Em l yiece goods, bed and table linen, aifewv lot of w natchen, jewUey, an omiscelaneous effects. Tor m phangers Stainees, Builders, l -In Baektre ptcy. 1UESSRS. DEW and KEYSELL will SELL by AK. AUCTION on the 1emests, 22, Gifford-street, Caledonia-roae, on Tues teay andednesday next, January 8 and 9, bI order of the Aesiguen of Mr. HoRvooEI, the STCK in utDe Plant, and Y a- terasof aRAPERSTmaI!Etentmra g of ma=ncythsand pucYieces of patterseanging le, t usf vbeldngnnerspcaletchair,nats .Catze c a=ulFogue toibeuhadrof casrs. Jacobso and Forer, , Crosby-equaro; andeof tho anduioneers, soliCamomile-street, Bishopegate. Canden ue-toe,n.-FrCniture, fine toned Pianoforte, and Effects. RNBESSRS. MOORE and TEMPLE will SELL by i.Es AIJCTION, on th:e Premises, 9, Dreelmoek-crescent, close to Camden-tein Station, on Thmsday, Ja. , at 12, the HO buSEtHOLD EFt Ecrs, including chamber appenudages, siroseoed hohai=slard easy chair ,n crimson damak , mahogany ding tables, chais, sts, a ktdchen requisiteo shot books, and sesfi h foles. f pien wW teineday and, morning of esle. Cctalogues on the premise,1 andof ;essrs. Moore and Tcmple, auctioneers. moe.4,F Blomfield-treet, dcty. A capital Freebold Investment, urdnm £20 per annoumn. MR. R TOBT. KENYON wSlSELL by AUCTION, excelent FREEHOLD°RErSIDaEN'C.Et, s situ e No. 7, Yor1 au'o Rattcrsea-road;let to a vewy respectable tenantat £20 per annm,n For particulars and conditions of salo ablay atthe Mart; to Mhessrs. Mos sadHidcen, solicters, 31, Serjeanta-mnn, lect-street; orto3Ir. Itolt. Kenr on, auctioneer, 1, Copthall-chamhers, Copthall-eourt, near the Toronmongers, BiuDaders Oil and Colomrmen. Salvage Sale. nlfR. NOBLE will SELL by AUCTION, at GaSEL - It way's Coffeht ouse Coae°nsDruhl,To-mor°row,tV Jdn. 2, about 52 and s cains,o ach s bench vides,spade and shovels, brat s y ire, kegs r Sndas of shot,GnailF, hoo}s, and rivets,ales of patent twine 699cans and 14 casks of paint, six cans of varnish, lIcasksof white lead. 37 mals of linseed oiL. NoU lying atbferiton's wharf, St. Savionrs Docks, BeJmonducy, from the wreck of theEUnchantress. May be viewed-yjF untilth°esaeon pirocdoucing actablaoguse whilch may haohad at To Grocers and Cheesemonyems, Fixture Dealers, and others. 1I1R.G. H. MATDZ wi SELL by -AUCTION; Jitrsouthe;l?;emise5, 23. Prior-place, East-street, WValwo-rth, on Thusdeord,bneary, atll, thLEAtSE orfcapital BUSnel SS PEnMISES, held at- the low rent of us20 per anttnu presenting a most eligible opportunity for a person embarkdng in business. Afso the stock,in£trsde and fixures of a grzoeer and cheesemsonger. The premiJses may be viewed anY time prier, and te stock and fixtures morning ox sale. ming r Cataloguesse o aybe hadou the premisestion -offices Kwing's tHeease maytobe ins heters,8 Wandt85,iCowc -etreee Smith On Ftridapvthte 4th of Januaery.se 15,M der untr nd ESffcts, o te o mfisces , Id Hroa n -street, ci t hl s'-SSurS. TOand d Co. ,Rwill SELL by IVIAUCTION, as above, at 11 for 12, on accouen of hie nmmber of lots. the EFCS 02the resades-Asaban andiron bedsteads, beds, andubadding. drate1s, chlevaland toilet gLoAsea, a dravindroom suite, bchimney-glasses, mahogany chauis, tablsc sater carpets. ornamental items, clocks, dinner and tea ware, chins, glass, and kitchen item, an air gun, proof engravings, , &.On viea Thursday and morning of sle. iGtange iee, and of the auctioneers, 15, Queen's-ro ned, Bays wiater. and 15, N'ewv Church-street, Edgewsare-road. ltematninuilouaehnldFurnitude, Phaeton. andIEfsecx-Loyton;Es.e. MESSRS. GADSD3RNY WdIN ELFLOOD,- and TEIO at te SELL .b A ,UT briONe, on the Premises. Jeyton. on 2Thursday, byorder 3f * the FUINAIT ATE, comprising mahogan loandother tablesand sets of chai, sideboard, chimney glasses eight-lht ot mofln chandeLer, oil paintngs, mahogany w ardrobe, and varpous otherSittUng room bed room, and kitchen appendages, stable and garden tooLs, nine fowls, garden engine, and oth eritems. MSay be viewved the day PreviouslV end. on the morning of sale. Catalogues may be had on the premises: at the King's Head. leytent the Ci Peqnerss, ealehamptow; the RailiWa Tavern, .ea-bridge-rosa; and at Mes. Gadoden, Wneterilood, and Ellis's offices, 10, old Broad-street, city. To Hiotel an rog ng-os epr,CiaadGasDaes n _ijHESSRS. TOPPIN and CLARE wvill SELL by I" b AUCTION, at the Sale rIooms, 2S, Chancery-lane, on Thii,nda January s at L2,a valuSable STOCK Of CO N , Glass, and Earthenware, suppied from the best manufacturers; eomprism g atone china and other dinner and dessert sereices, chinax, earthenware, breakf£ast, tea, and ebffee set, Queen'a dare and othcr footbath, 100 sets of toilet ware, rich mat-glass decantetrs,sugar basns und wife glasses, and dcnumerous.other artices bthwi feehnald gwelass,hofuboth Norn 5amnta and useful character. May be vieawed the dag precedig and morning of sale, ammdcataloguesfaat the saleroom; andpof the auctioneers 7, Coleman- treet, oity. Uxbridge, lEdlddesex. 1jESSRS. MUXRRAYand SONwviII SELL by AUJC- il Tseson. at th:ers Cqea Inn,ol Urounridge. on TO 5 e an. 1.ma 2o'dioeby orderof the Mortgagee, n bonge lo°t, aItERESJIaONY0a ESTATE, comprisng one nldivided third part of frechold and coPyholdestatesa inthe several occupations of r. Mamnamara .Ur. Rayner. and Miss Howard, producig a rental of £1 per anlum, expectant onthe deathof a ladynovv inher 67thavear, subjecmto almort gage of £2,015; aLso in the absolute reversion to £90 is, payablonpcn the aforesaid event. - The estates are situate at HGllinedonend, Uxbridge, and are land-tax redeemed. Particulars may be had at Garraw ay's; of J. Ieetc, Easq., 10, Foster-lane, Gbeapside:; of Messrs. Woodbridge and Sons. Uxhebidge; and of the auctioneers.- Xear Shoreditch Church, J oHN HID is favoured with instructions to SEELL livUCIONatGarawy's e T A UCda TIJN.1,e a2. hins lts FREEHOL ~HOUSES and GIIOU,<.D ItNTS,l. with a2n ealy reversion to the rack rentals, comprisingEa freehold dwlvLing-house, parish of St, Mattghew7, Bfetbunatl-gereen, ndcoqunrd-tyret of Niddlecx. producing ;EI1 14s per annum: twvofreehold dwellin -houses,Nba SQand §,'Trafalgar-street, near the above, producing £I3316s.perannum; a freiehlt°d grouindh rent o°f £M20 per annum, amply ecnednsxbik- osesslon in 12 eare a freehold ground rent of £246 s.per annuml, arising from five hraek-b\rsjt dwrelling-houses sn-.Mead and Trafalgarstrecin aforesaid, with revhralens to the rackerentaLa in 12 years ;-a freeoldground rentrof £Hper aum,mreseved ensbrick-built dwellinghnuee, 14, eead-street aforsaid, with reveesito the rack rental in 12 years; and a freeheld grostd aet of £5 per annum, arising out Of two briek-bult ndsellieng-house Nof. 15aud 10, L dead-street aforesaid, rmthoeversionstm thetrack rentalsmin2 years Maybeviowedhylcavo of the tenants 10 days prior to the sale. Particurlars hiad onthe premises; at the Portohello, Turville-street, near the property: of tr. John Duerdin, Tavistock-sunre; and at the auctioneer's offices, 32, Cannon-street-ro.ad. Commercial-readeast. Twsenty specuxlative Oil Paintings, fine Proof Engravings, Stanlhopa PhaeorxTxroPicolo Pianofortes, de 1oFR. E. THOMAS will SELL by AUCTION athis 111. GallerY. 35. Leieester-squre, THIS DAlY, Jan, 1, at 12, iWO 63 PICCOL,O PIANOFORTES in rosewoed cases, slanhepe phactonx, cushions. lanaps, &e.' 2 0 oil paintings, fine proof engravings, do On viewv, and cotaloguesJladat the rooms. Elegant and modern Household Frniture, PisnofoalobyDroadwsods, II,,retedie Cabinets and tables, Glasses 70 by 210, 14 Mahogany Chairs seats and backs stuffed and covered morocco, and Effcsts, nearly newv, and supplied by one of the first London upholsterers, removed from WVeatbenme-ten-ace. atR- E-withMAS will SELL by AUCTION, at a i alr.35. Lelcester-square, THIES DAY, Jamnaryl, at 12, IOUSEHOLI) FlNl?IITURE comprisingr a drawing room suite of a very elegant and co,tly description, in silk duamask of curtains wlls& giltcornices, v;alnut-tree chairs, couches, radeasy chairs. Io and fancy tables, cabinet with marble top, plate-lass panels andbhack 70by4.0, &hree glassesone 70by 50andt voli0byflo,vetret-pDleand oilereariiets. mahog,any chaims in leather and base-coth, s,ofas, couches, and easy cham superior Spanish muoganyta edesoal sideboard, telesRope-fhmme dinig tables, sarcophagvus library tables, Spanish mahoganay Arabian Sedteadveith silk damask laruga and curdininen suito iron A rabian and othr bedsteads, spring and other mattresses, beds amd bedding, table and bed linen, marble-top double nmd single wasbetandsT Dresden chinm toilet fittings, capital Spanish mahoganmy vinged wardrobe with twvo plate-glass panels, japammedt siambur furnituTre, choral and dressing glasses, chia dinter, tea, and coffee se vicers plated ware, and kitchen requisites. On vie w and cataiogues bad at the roots. The swerior modern Furniture of Aberdeen Cottagea Bwlayn also JSix clever, fast Hacks and Puggy Hores (rwell-known in th neighb beurhood), a thorough-bred Colt, risig fouryears, andirate Ponl y for chDdren, a fashionable arougeaa, dmost new, a Meait PhaDttn, Co, Pigs, Poultry, and other lrects (the denuxidesroperty of a rgenUieman removyig , the house having to no imediately takers dovln for the construction of te raelway. in th OI est ONenthepia is instructed to S eJL by bekg paios lsonuWednesdayvand Thursdayte dman2th of ,anuary, at-leachdgay,avery elegant DRAWadG ROOM SUlITE of satin h'recede, writh carved wialnut eo4scb, lomnge. and otierchass, marble console and glaswz in riehlY desiged and gilt frame, chimney glss, chdier, two cabinet pianotortes, various tables and oomrnodes, tgpestry, carpet, do., cd very recenisly new, and. in the beist tste; the capital mahogany fmunitiro and morocco-seated chir of the dinmna room, breakfast partomr, and lady-a morning room,. excellent beds andibeddbug mnahogany and other Arabian bedsteads, with darask banging, lads and other wrdrobes, m arble top washritands, choralt saa other toilet rglases the furnitere ofT secondaryapait. mniat and servants' rooms, domestic offices, culiinasyOtend4ls dinner set, do. Alo the valuble horsesanid coltsa bovenamecl cows and brfifeis, llomehundredlieaeic fancy poultry, rabbits, and pi3s; a tov,nbuill brougham and a twve-horse mail phatetn, a very eleves~ *nd fast, but gm'et riding, pony, n various other thinga sdtout the ,grenislees Trseda,.Janurhey 22 whn ctaoe uersma ';beo had tonthepremis nd; at Mr. 3kdalawon's, utlqn an land eflites, Marlbyougb.-c _5 NIsal Preflodlical lae (establisbed in 34) ibst Thsdyi eve ymonth', of Absolute -and Ceuignt e fikssto FuNde and ther PnWrtyn Lfe Interests Aimultima Policies of Assurnce Ad Pm Nx resentation% s, ) W Rigte, Raug ChAYMe-i Lie-of Tubes Post Obit ond&, Togstinag, Debentures. loproved Rents, Shares in DoL eal,&ns RAflWas, Insu&- aneCompanies and etherD p = oCunQ% `gfor. the pefeeti MARSH begs to announceftatiAs PERIO.- LY.DICAL SAT (etblised in I84Jfrhdseae-vs deecrptan of the abore-mentiesied PEZOEKTV, take place on the drat Tursdayin eachmonththroughoutthe presentyear,wasunder: January 3 a1Setbr4 Fera7 Iun Octbe 2" Ai±cro jjjy Jl4b mber6 ff!ah. beeninauce Ihod these sles from the in0"h- demand for pr va - OfPMerty ofthis deacri tin, the vjale o which as a means of investment I ilil isei t and froym hisexperieice of the.heavydvrabacksand great utt whih i ha ben xpoed n he ordiary course of sae, and the eaperince ofthelatl reh=aa proved the abov plan to beequally advantageOustovendors and purchsases, the elvasasifieation of nrumerou lots rendering themeans of,publicity more effectuLal andiess epusr to the vcndor and simplliyinig the transfrstortheotle of ssleslntenc to heoeffeactedby th aov msean.soreIdbei forwarded to M1r. Macoh At least a fortnight antecedent to the above dates, in order that theY may have the full benefit of -publicity. The parlicsalar and conditions of Wae for the ensuing yeaLr miay be obtaned Tevenday irot6cach daLy of sae. atthe Mart, and at Mr. Ilarali's offices, 2, Chrlotte-row, Manklon-bouae; or wil hefornardedfree on application. Feriodical Sale (established in 1843 ofiterou,Plcs,Aute, Shares, Bonds, Le.-For Thursday next, Janm -The Absolute Roeversion to a rsum of £40 CQoaola. receivable on the decesem of.-a lady aged 68. ~MARSH has receivedl instrtiietions to inelude Ainbhis next Monthly Periodical Sae of Reversions, Poolicis, &C., Consols, part of a larger sum. receivable on the decase of alayi the 69th year of her age. Plarticsla ra ay he obtained atthe! Vart- of. George Henry T.,h, Fsex-court, Temple ; and at sMr. X aboffermy2X tte-ow.Mansion-house. I Sbar_%Bnds ke-FoThursdaynext.Jan,3.-Thellvcrslontco the MO Det, reeivabe on ue.dceear of alady agoel 65. j rielIARSH h.received instruction to include in XVX hg net MothlyPerlodical Sae of Reversions, Policies, ar,- apone otk paeahh at olod,,-oTusanexthuredynixt, Jar. r,hat re,i onelt the of SaLle of woEweSIOn tohue Snd Shofp£s4 Ottages aned Three uper et, £412at ins Cnsolae, ande£05 Mlortgtge Debt, blel ecrdrcevbeon the deo o Wteath o an lady, sged r5esparticular may hndr obtind tgthe unartPwe offASaylor tao. sclicitor h,isnextao Bench Periodinal Sale etbihdn183 of Reversions, Policim c,apitdt aes, a anutis the as,Bond,c-o Thursdayean next, Ian,the Sixt1ARt ofha gente ~ gd3,in the Prces fSleo3wof Dwell nUING-HOUSES.adSos Ctanes andr,i Warehouser, situaein orga-tet, Gloester, i h cuaino recerival uthe dcreivsrof a gentleman and lady, age respectively 55 and 50)t" IIIAR.H nas receved instructioiis from the Eeouritgaieecnsentweof Sale dotoigud tohSFbyAUTItONtb, athoEMart, on Thursdaynext, Janua. 3, at 12.i theeHlot, valgenble. man,ABIGed33ndrtho SAL o ituWt5 DW laELLINtr OSt an SHOTS to C ortdgae- esthree, heldestr, an thexoccupateon of -8 yarr, -andalogoung, eith six botaesTew andawreos winctelrar wthu whole beingsofthe estainaedialohe of£3,00,on trus aforsaeen. tsq.solaicitor. ther sui-stvre tf Mangenlemn-adlayb aeoeseuiey55s 5. beValuabedatntidaongenthonsfrevingproverenofi tahiesld fonrattaningtheageof 1 her Papre anod othilren thea ongstcfsho mcAoUCTI3rONf agte. Mlata Pon o Ahurs raync for theSm of7 Pt0.effeted bwbith the Timus ife AssneaaneehCompuny,aand twon pallAssurane omprian, ond theo lfeor the Fenuatureofn otgedr3 Partincu-o lh arsmahe obtinedpl at thsesg Martrisof advantages Fiqn ecoom, Gregut Coa-sret,, anitusnselsqavineo landur atd Mr.n Malt'sogiets, n 2, Char Cameide-hata-Sablngadpsmic,wit i medate posesson.a ~JR.MARSH has reeived instruction ofriesom the atthinMart,Montchuiam uTynt.- Jan, 3,ant Salei one lotavlable Ir n MTBIGAnPRESH ES h sitbaen inaCoure-swtret Hstmey-read nar to ambrLgeheth A O, hl forn unexpiredsterm of28n yearm,' 31tcamow gound uenft. Januabe viewed, O and parncularuenwith thedi tin o ale otineLt the Mart;, of .B Wthe n.laleTV aqnd solcior 39 Glldfr-street comprisi-nga sand vat ble cartbl a- ourftitesto wchlarl~ dotesreet,Mansown-hork,se. ro araeore,fuff shaluablPotent einvrelntion floyr ImpovemeadtwinMachin0 fuarterstin on as(pr Papher andbs otherd Pabres. te crt ~rncne.or aRSd manus drecived ir6 nstrtoDdlns to SerL coIbY patet cAUIodmsing atthen Mart, n Thurdaynext, Jand 3.outhe Larval. uableysHeeBs, PdTeks, for IMItfOVwEMeN wrinht M aCHIIei fors Pritin con Pad,otr saand oterFaris, lw task pThTies Princlthsg Pobesatent dyvc broe Tmss il, adouthe andiuslestes Londo hNews is wekly prnted an als fo themanfactre foter mosehonhonse the somelprnciple potwss essinsrprising Cladvnae in aboutmy regu-z` larty ecudimmens savinuoflabur and beie Vingr aeletoedwthegrone of the mouwonrfl ivenios o thecae.iTed inetteaption t, ifcthoe anM rawi'ngs wil Chproued ath tare.i Efsqle, and EMa ho seen at atthe ofc Masof MBr.o ussell.solciorearatford, Chent;re at Wetlrnsend oanuace9of Mess Gibon and peWather,CsoLActRs;oan abot the dozfiesofth auiorboneSer.PrtiCulamps, with condtiosaofae may be obtained ofth Mr.f.Ru sell fwrn Mesrs. wison and Waer. solicitors Gldavewend and ,arfod ChKent;and atsMr. O sshfficilAsger, 2, Aldarnote:rma. tMansion-sh'ouse. .rotorw -rnimhu, no aa ligguenmFam,Plsoeham,Sured t -eIrmpoalsu Satlt ofLvaluablelLiveand -theter Eiminlur Deader Farmfingd Stck.owlbfraddnp ULR ARSH bas reene ouei wt insruclitione AR A.sgt c to Care Jh SELLEq. SEL by AUCTO,o hePeie, ignFr, atithebaum,on, Tuesay,lanus nary3 Nantw10fo 31 (in,* uWednofdthe the ery alualet a he sanr mod llter va0uabEN of, and DEA CE, icudu coidsmprisingseven vauable inarthinrsfour adritth wellsonandstdfrab satin onwost apai of cabroecarriag hooues, sfour dttes uahndsfome thaye gelindgw. armtneatd sixfac cowls, c.:a fatndito,neight sort-horabned pienoers e-gtei moverandood maeado hay, 40ado q arteso Smveetons caretf 12atplt sewss,e0 oflirge piges,o24 stor richwhit an gol fracs6conole nd ier abls: aDdwater cart machinoe,lcam cand manredrill iron adito, oerdlndgroler inrosclr patsent ofeloed-inlg dcnine,tbl wuregngdmachine,s carptz anidpog hear-l nesgan turameys, geese daicins,; usefu trimbera bdtfoGrswhelfurghtscarpntros,e,codwood, oh ecnak porte ny,and slabs strack ples ndic clothrs, double-ostated Araubian belsaen,doul and st,hningle septsl ofd harness seaddles, bridle-toan miscellndaneousteffets,taboutes, cwigedn hothand garreenhoushegpats, cucumbwers fram-gses, hand igts, m afew lots of hue holderfupltue, andio numerousan risclaeu citems., ear hof viewed the doypero eedugand moringofsae and - atalogueswW obtaine rsthue Clrem,fiesathe odrowncianns East Tooting heitChar,pagreathaad Crodyson,Eeam, an- The lgtcen atGrnasand annr Wte the omplcertof Mr. Mluinshautoneer, Kestatoperadlada gent, 2,hChranrl otte-rowMansionhouse, rwl hoane bedrward edlon applicationg,isso dae ah 3stomands,dr sngabtles,&Cc. hle.-Trz Cellartof shouit 40i dofi 0ongexcreedomriingl uhi And choicel Wines, seete oit rgeaIud. paertofrom theur sprringparlno wit hfine houes. 6caiA ga Valuabl Eehl hasrty receiv ed minstuct-ikonfrom thies road, Ahessines, oflmprersJga Mpare,usq dtocedFbiy AUcTIOe, atithe lansion gardnoo erindg anemar ofabtouti,Cheshuare,o Werdn, el Januarytedt for buldn purpesel, thome elLReidence abot 400 doendo Btler'sehCtaesin the rotearldaaesaSer,oouCac,u 3o1bo A hRry, hampagn de d icnstarouecmy eobaned ato the mansn;rofM,esss. Lwithnte, Plows,rrencedfltheyevoisees old thelatcJan=bersa IofChale Lnea,o -,nesOpreicia dsignee2ofdabyuryvat atn Mr arhs fcsA,TE,-Mnso-hue on.pCasingosmyaobobandt the arincfmiyipadece huto.LsindLaverpool, Manis 'wih ster,Brminga,Cetr,eDeiga Shea fied ab,ort wlDo fsruardeyadon ap- Theiver dstnupeioredFurNitr. 2Windes, Caridages c, andE sers atBoom- laWnVw-on.Ds, near sasutwicapChsire.uins reie 1Lf. MIARSH hats received instructions from th IJAssignees of Charle Jhohni Madre.yq to SEL yAUCTri[O,a atthe M1ansion,T B Jonands,narN7,autwi C heahird, Gednesday Jaur ,anolwn slys atS lfer 12 aud 3loekt usrecitel eacxrd the ery aluale nd sperir moem ofTNT ofthe emte aluSloi, inludig a andsme dawin roo asuieri atnwroodund richt crimson iandrabs-adTinonsistigeo Merabrite chuildrs,oc, sofa sttee, cuRt.n he windows centreceand sf stabesuct:oa drom toned octveuabiet paoforTe inAlow na wood teaose,nb roftdewordgande Sons vELL pi carpeCTsO, brilliant-pat glase of l. ana rye dmensinsti dinin rooasite, incLudING-amOUnSESnt ooarsidebar eNboselytatved, a st o exendng inig lble, TrkecudBrusel carpets abdoatht Irags,rmahogany vluablearyandhaldroerntyurea fhew c proof Lsp otlrrnts (in elesnfrues snpantics th plnepabedroms rcfiuised roswoo,teseemlrynmnogay,andh byerAnt'ibre,Omprist prising No. 140, Fenebnuch-street, inthe heart of~ teCity of Lbndon, withina short distance of the Ban, Royal Exchange, and Mannon house, and imnediately contiuous to Mincing and ak lanes in the occuAbtionlof, adarolease to, atmot respectable tenant, (at the very lowrentalof £300perann, inconsidertion of a pr and his undertak-ng to perform certain improvedments in ten premises thus renderin the annual income almosteQuivalent to a groundrent, May ho view and particulas, with condiions of sale, obtained at the Mart; of Meas Harrison, solcilors, 5, Walbreole; andatMlr. Mlarsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. -r n S For Absolulte Sale,bY order ofthe roregaee-dmal lLe6ehld b,st- meat, StokelNewington. hIITR. MIAPSHi -No received insltuctions rom -the lt otAg. undrOoweH o W altSELL by A UCTION, at the Mat, o fTthunro6ayne elay a~7. at 12, a LEAFMOLD= DWLLbG- HOUSE and SHOP, No,n Howard-terrece oward-road, near Stn Matthiss' Church, within a short distance of Eingland-road.gte,- esti-- mated- to produce a rental of £30 per ainnum ;'held for aleng term at the lowF gronnd rent of £310 lO.er annum Ma bxviered, an p artEs .lars,wlth eonditions of sale, obtained at the Mfart: of Mlessrs BishroP and Son, soliciors, 23, New Bridge-street, Blefiarsi; and at Mr. Mars' ofices, 2, tCharlotte-row, Manelon-bousli. Fumture.-lNo. 9~ Claremenotteune New-road. XR. A. BOOTH Wil SELL by AUC6TION,.on the IYJ PemIes, a Claremzont-terrace, New-road. opponte thos Agel, Islington, en Thnrsday, January 3, at12, 3FOR URE; eumprisng Brussele carpes and ru, leo and card tables, sofas, mahoany chars glasses, chefonier aban bedsteads, ieather beds and heddh6; hmdsomno winged wardrobe, cheats of drawers, chabJLer furstureS, and kitchen-requisites. -Ma beviewed thoe daY previous and morning of sale, and catalogues haef cn the premises, aad of Mr. Abaa Booth, aucetioneer audhausoagent, 1, Carlton.hDiiVillas, Cauden-road,oppusite the BeeksioekAms- ' TBROWZ I and mSOb ill SEL .yUfO - t LFtheir Ro oms OS Fre-tnreet ciJanhou 3 ~mpopg B,(oqi or tissae tobei b Twdlnet lv s s.FOSTEIt di ONifrmethed IAel TINS u arti bn,AuCrIl, ofnts th t GEI%-njold" WEIALD RGUBEBb Is undtit -stret,ary the rilmIf AleSmall Fethelds, miuoai, igto C harch es inr -th ywl ate lrant NM E Car-oade TIONZT. tathe MTart. on Tuseda J Esq. a 1, toIn brcC igromBA heldtfrt_ Yentsinof theMrabdalen forsp0iyars, at ZS i?A rniun ntfothwhndPI-ia rteaoe; allotWoobadhm2 sbdaD, in ti don-road, eartheMrt;Ofbelisksimn M ESSRS. FOSTER iLnd SO~Nd ofU SciLLbyo~d', 54 of the Eenitorsof theise B. IfonssigOf the exicTorY juGo£51-Q prgannulm, absrnanty eure, ford aneas Conyl lzto- a_ s tChmo-dmingandibevingcheischTmodbyAplma yfet b. 3, street, avendiab-auaro ; of ame twohobua sqe eoat atron-demamitru,-heeiaeoue,I Jamees-terras, WSitel rtnt fgrtzed Shole alor w oXe=nMSoe=9 n 0,I heLr' 1IurEGEO. FOSTEROl and SOL,ll SEiis~ WTonl- A,eyE. TOld atd-theMat, o TociDAY, Januar 8, at 212 afosr-1ral-. LEASEIILI) TUOEls, forluingestent aond bLddng o warirvei gndoodprcae osetsofRoe,12 1, anobrabld chiJmne-tWerce,. n~esarthsideboard, Wpterloo-road. ofathe kitneal ralueiofte12, and efeldfr Om5 vic~~~~. Cathttheeloguestwles, os-29an 1tL aeofFcutn leawnse, byd producin a rofiss rent nlaaybyie ofd,adc wMtiulr hb d tthee tMarthefH. Yo GEslictb 1,Ra aB toI ad fMensNPSM, 4 stet nTusaythexat, ouTneaay Ja.8 at 12I a p EYlEP gre,tono Blg-riomeudadprs of NEwcL t Ghlamoransl lo£O)And wabou f£0otan ie ab iwd "adpa-- Biuarr adnfRbrtEas Esq, Bigemnd; o MELss Slect a Byrn oliiokrs De Fueulvry-n at th Mat;an o kesss"otr Cowglaedhooroocssadhp ttn, ZerictuerampJoeets, and and ects. 1JRGEO. ROBINSON Wi SELL, ot thes RPrns -AYE L . 21, OlBore-lc,Mlnd-ste TI ad, JannFiaryl aet, Ifoil pr. cisety, theSTOREfFUewlotnfudryingbersesandvebeddin,.AW- wahostrnds, anea glases. wingbed anewdother war-droe, cutains co-Uebar ,and ocats setsof.dining ndothier2 tab :le,cmneyg-stree,pSe sieoar,ares, chear garlam-, kithal requiites, and eFaects. Stoc; zi CtalguS. had. 28 l Bn-tre)-hvn MontlydSheeofPatue-wls and bAwiCngs,byodentharteists. Ito os strneuet, onthursday next, Jauream at Thprecsely, Jand wilt10 awiul, SpecwirMen at 11. widthounthoed lartst rs:- h xeletHUF HOL W. en n omoo Crae Znd Spaith m ShgalficEerc Tudrkeywan KDdenbynt ?tiblMardA,A table nondap Barrett Dukes Itlem blean etio Percy Cobbett Hilton, R.A. Eumer Wlles, for-ie Cowie Jones Shayer ~aggnd ot yani. ROBINSON will SELL,erot th PUie-z mmfo-hne near Fayarsheahan-Capital FunitY-uiltVillaRmsidngSte 1UESSRS. GREEFN (28, Old Bond-street), hitiSEM to-oue Aiecfiel, nar Farehaw, on Thurdnay, Janruary-10. ant folloIDngay atmU.wtou the lmeastreuserv, Nbthe excelentO WOtSePaih OfW ITelYId, inMos'ewood ulYitand , Sa hish maoan ay. Brmussl Tu rigeto, and widdhinstet Minrees billiard thbe Hand apd-utesathcSs. Mcapitlabeding, brwng entdv aday uitensils, doube-actione iautl, reenhoushe plwntos,fld gadndseat Implemexents irft routfller, fouraresspd'rsuaing cass,haness, rklThis iWron ladoller, an fumntoge of 90 c-; indpaedepth and difects Mayi be iewedYp1cen twodathptwoesal and cataloues obarcined at y theprncialinnsad hotelser Dixn,TiElie.d soictr,ba. Kingspoc Potmouthl SoThempte;or er., andgt of the puctInim tGraA' ado h utoneers, 28, Old Bond-street, SusetC111 nea 1-hayhad-Elheatg~apia ewybt Villald Residenceadmea ESSRS. GREEN (28, Old Bond-street) hiLFSeLra. AVE.cibyAintrutions o at G rawwy's, on Wednesday.Fhua~s Fe.by,7 order of oti the Mortgag mee,iapcapital ),ewly-built RESIDENCE, kno non a ambndetchaus Lodgigle,-mootd. Inhthuis ofBighatoin,th amdsthPiuremiutes walk of Sthe iiti Hyard's-e ad th I tial, ommandingrhean etniEpSand3 Diuxehtu vriewofk the Sout Downs, the ato a fLnfudnds a large extetnti of bLsutifullywode-J.d andl undulatingsceeyohspoet osse fotg f5 et andtadepthroof 30twot, einclosed, by otprrnc,aihwe betraned gatMes: isheldronlese for 9510 yeares, atdagrond sren rt o oly b8pe nnm Paricul 7arsdayb obl.atained of Al7ber Dion, alue ms;atlrwa';and of the auctioneers, 2 Old Bold.Bond-r-ot t lftESS oruhgRE-rEN (2 OSdAY Bond-sreet) hit-d To-mr row, atedinfor 12tionsOy wo el~l-at morawems oMNI Wedaesda Frsgebl2,aut d2rSfwntigro e in th eatmedispse andl thewd capialered - HOLD 2EESamlIDEICE, known Ocasinl Fetchfanc todges, most- delightull- hablfo winghtead, andl*ds faivetfro Ecaord n boxhier dudDourM eonbs.- groueds and adnw fsvnacrcb'ts,tun contcailftningetent-all. lofuty dincingrom,two drw bros orin rcmagndfcn stud, fourbersrtbedi chambersw lout,mdrdsing ros, sievbedalsecndawthriad santerooms domesti adobfies ofs eaer drescugption, coche-houses stebing._ ice-house. an al cthe( k adjnctsi of ar mstomlte afedgcae.ntalemanl resdnce.s~i The excvellent Sandwllad aptedl funiue maW sebe orw chaedh vauaton,or twilbesol byneto n texprensives veThtwl, propery maybe viwed b carhds ny.Prti,F%cu rlar maybe obtine atlilrrawy's; nd3o the15 autoneru 8,OdBnd -streetoume, - ntt,. cellnt ondtio, Todfinatoned Cottage PatnoFortes,oo SaPicol Oditte byWornm, Tw venyouperEor elct-pl n iintQres Itlin roze, aial olectDionio moEmL Paithins, T-etosde andteorametalChna,ParsinMcocksy. China, Gats nd fothe2r- hil wThsDt-,iet,MonmPhlsMC MR. ROBRTI N`EIHA wil SEL L,t byi CRuom. TIO.GratMaloruh-stareet TMISDAY, Jam uarIl5andth-2opr pricinfg elgntlemawing0roomew suitesinlonetobean oeodat coverV,edlx ofIlk auctdaoneer, la3. cardncasionalrec, anMancytabtersq, re.~entfr huS,oko wainer andpedeGaoaodes, Frca rdsan board Cusour tabeing ther Fatenc choice walnut,J W inlding nob lebedtrsn%adnwithrenioelianE glasses Crystal carvd ak niu irr ie fbocs,lb andchirs.In RRcIt velvet.pNishU mahgaycedreljstralcsideoar diigtals dinnr.. wdaggon, relining ndoteharincoco mSogu lbrvAry bookae.pdsa a nd therA- TMD wrtn ale.!hl Cpainwarmderb nd Fusniure chamborer fhurniueyand Ckitchen Gts, labevw and, cataloues hband ofmrmeta RoertsR.,18 r MArlorUgh-stet.terRas xodsie,nuteP,i WhellmadenFaa moern Funtue Pianfor12p4,the. PcapeiAtialmoem TeiMies l7 TUewes, crom1817 to Ara55, bor-os ned i sevolumebcs.ea qanit o ToBaerspao andl Pte-riodficals aSne' Patnt Fireproof Saf, fol.ricod FixturesBuands Fittigs and other Fiects. itu, n te,jr PET.ROERT BREID WMl SELL, bt AUi- oNm, Gr.tteCatsMarlbroug-stree,on Monday. January,at211for 1 pe damsk letoarcaTS,oealiioealotthbefancy ahlss.caoths gdlas1bEekS, chiinneyneiesrs pedt 3relystal ariet withth elate- wablef dinin roomanond Oli-tbray hirsd bookrcaes, Braseels andns othr-' carets,terabinan and therbedtueads witLhm hangnswadoe,st TM]rR AORARIS isA dircll t SELL by AUG. .LJTION, at the Mart,s THIS TwAclJan. To-morro, atJReisLy2,, thee sin-li CAIN2o th BroeYs,tChiona, and nineLPantin-gsm, ts othautoeera1 Manceser-st retManchester-squ~adtre. ocv Stc nofbl peMe GOo,anioods. Fench Purses. CardpCaseys, oe.,bein othe Fancy Sock of Mr. Sion.Adamteo 0. Flet-street, awnd frenithfix frosthe C siworttyt Palace. Eedroos, wobriliat-tne &jotv CotgePaofortes inx wal-! nut and rosewoodby Brisanead,0ramentaljitems, adaCletn ofh andh-alaoueaintings iII~ CLARK is' itrsmctedtDSELL by AIU(Y12I LJon the Preml6es, 45 alling-treet, citr, THbS-DA-Y, a a4 thei1st, 1856, at 1, thew wart of the well-seasoned P.Ur2,'TLTRi and EFFECTS ; comprising noble Spanishu ma=hogn four-lot. Arabian and other bedsteads, superior bedding, wigdwardrsebeKA Sentienen'sditto, heats of drawers, maurble-top wasbaqtAjds and dinlig fItting6 rs, - bles toilet glasses Brussels dipoet of large dinsn- coletio oflr parntingse, elctdwihg-reat jugeo ,cmrse x- asepls by he folowigniasees : bli
