DEATHS. On SatunLar morning, the 9th' inst. at 2 Cum'berland-terrace, Regent's-park, the Bight Hon. Lady Eiy Henry in her 75th year. On the 17th of October, IS5, in the 26th year of his age, William GaitsketI. Esq., Government Assistant Surveyor, byva fall from his horse, near Lexton, Victoria, Australia, younger son of J. A Gaitskell, M.D., 11onmouth. On tha 29th ofDecember, atYorkc, GeorgeT.Andrews,Esq.. aged 5L On the4th nlt., atl9, Howland-street, Fitzroy-square, hissCharlotte :E Wlson, artist, after many year5 of great suffering. On the 3.1 inst., wrecked off Folkestono, on hoard thie ship Josephine WlliVs bo.nd for New Zealand, M1r. Sidney William Beck, deeply regrelttest On the 4th inst., at Woolwich, in her 41st year. Emma, relict of the late CaptainWilliam Staines 'layne, of the toyal Artirery. On the 4th inst. at rath, aged 2 Frances Eizabeth, wife of Henry Calley, Esq., of Burderop)Par- Wilts. Onthe 4th inst., at Sheffield, Mary Jane. aged 23, the beloved wife of Liurance Wmiliams. Esq. of Pule-hill Hall Yorkahire, late of the Manor House, Rsifforth. York. On the 5th inst, at the Albany, Piccadaly, George Arkwright, -sq., B.P.for Leominster. On the 5th inst, at Beaumont-street, Marylebone, in the 21st year of her age, alter a long iUness, borne with exeuplary atience to the last Daa, youngest daughter of the Bev. T. Nayler, aLA.. of St. John's CoUege, Cambridge, and Iate rector of St. Peters, Lincoln. On the 6th inst. at RichmondL Surrey, the residence of her grandfather, Mfr. Thomas Stevenson, Martha Louise Rowc, of brain fever, age~d 18, deeply lamented. On the 6th inst.. at Torouay, aged 2., Eiza. the relict of J. W. Clough, Bel., formerly of Oxon House andNewbaId, in the county of York, andaughter of the late Rer. Sir Thomas Broughton, Bart, of Bgroughton atnd Doddiugton Hall, Cheshire. On the 7thinst.. at Stanforl, Worcesteshire, Anuabella, youngest daughter of the late Sir Thomas Wumnington, Bart,, age 35. On the 7thinst., at Wilmington, ent, Thomas Glss Lowder, Esq., aged77. On the 7th int.. suddenly. Fanny, the beloved wife of lMr. W. H. Showler, of Cursitor-street, Chancery-lane, aged 34. On the 7th inst.. at No. 10. Hart-street, Bloomsbury. Antonio Jamues sott, the eldest and beloved son of Mr. D. A. Rivolta, in the 5th year of hris age. On the Sth inst., at the Ores Stockwell.Sure,ae 1 fr limbeth, eldest daughter of 1r amuelBrookeZ. aged 21, Mary On the 5th inst., at the Rectory. St. Andreies-hill. Bla ckfriarm. Charles Herbert, second sEn of the Rev. Charles&lrederic Chase, aged is dns. On the 5th inst., at 3L Grosvenor-Dlace. Bath. the Rev. G. B. Barker, second son of Colonel George Baker. and Fellow of Exeter College. Oxferd. aged 2s. On Friday, the 5th inst., William Chance, Eaq,, of Birmingham, in his 65th yer. On the 8th inst., at her residence, at Pimlico, Susanna, widow of the late Richard Coope. Esq. On Friday, the 5th, at her residence, Castle Tavern, Old Kent-road. arah, the wfe of George Spreadbury, in her 42d year,muchbeloved and deeply lamented. On Saturday, the Oth inst.. at his residence, 18. Frederick-streeft, Grays-inn, after a protracted mness of many years, Mfr. Jobn iichotson GIbbins, aged 64L
t the SHAREHLOD 18d therASTFJIN COUTIMMS RAILWAY Gentlemern. CMAY nti intefition to have again offered myself IfS,bDhe4t.Of this Company,E bitt the niumerous fULttering and gry7nest applications I have received from influential Shareholders ro.~ qIueetng, rme agaln to coent forwalrd, induce me to altr mY det!trminaltonand o anounc lnayItf as a candidate far re-election to the, A~ ~eairtit o thelini Ud hY~fl 5 OnsderbleInterest In the 3ourintercsts. ~ ~ ~ serut XIdbiL - erur.IMJAMES PACKE~ Fo thec SH SYlti& IIOLDE Its ofI t TcEAe .RN lfT O I t itaM)vAy COKPANY. toofrTyself as a CAN,DIDATE to fill one ,.Lof the vacnant seats at the Board. of-)irectors of your Com~a~ My petesion tolIdsappintmnt re ounf naloga ni kwng rsient onteloofriay lint o adesoeaiosoftealraiss of a large aila Important anider takiac like that of 4a railway company, I held. Litve be essentially flecesairy to applly the &aLme peinciptes, and to aelupt the same modle of conlduvt, which are applicable toD commercial pursuits5 audnd elr nocir. wunrstAncesto suffer a dIeparture from them. Whfile it wilt be nratconstant cndeaxeu to protect year interest3 to 'thebestof my ablits, sh%all verbeariamind the importan,e of meetIncth reoluircmrns iof the puble. WihtIlexreseiesh myeiesey, Irsetul oii h aoro TOteSHAthelGeneral Meeof toe bSe hold aCthOUNdonS Tern 1 have the Zrorenoourtoh you My Lrds Laies,andGertiaet,I bg o ecar 'eOcmmteet obedint ersoT, f th, po~ zmircobelds ;, H t`. thFebriequsty, 1856.elubro rpitr, Iote thnthe pr1IfoLDBtiIS of orltrss; the EATEtS 'oUNTIES of.&n.- '3 ?JygLowI ISel5ye,fo bndenien M ,L aeaml iet aa 3,oeVfaooair. a ir gOcur ntrstsd axn tdenticalctaod ofhouldI affairsdilb&cthel resignthudionhaof Lod.zn Aedutyg, be to defeadsclare Azthe- Shairmahofldersmte fShsiodr frtepo Vio -or-cl ommou n sucpporty myf nhame teayaotisber unknowndtoyo A adi orit-uo uwrtl~ thneustof balfamgellio u of Propri(5 21Toetos, recorderthanthe preoltertion of our otfas,u the viewprhi ovementtof Im An gdrsc- selniitee fro bueene. formell bavin frul tImobeto dheot arrselifkt lof ome affairsr cninateret ein thentiacal,fandrhoaddint, oan isthe nur-lob L te as rdat your exoard?'ing be rotaconstat teenideaog Dissrcordisdenhe. and. topomonted uto t totofm oe the feureaesalo m veriftha showr4edxgur, in5 wheichmeinte impyroltvemen aid myse aluofba g0urgPoer tyaihow. npltcfroritrsswsta gtto n v a withwhvetho honouprevllsed tbo AIbt It idta ne. You cobieeedient ofaithfulseshreholns, vvoth IHrEHPOrtd IthemofthelaStelt-in..OdVxWaddintoIL wa,~ . hhs-3eetia e wagaid n theCehistand forths atenmdbyittee ITteolderscargtoyoutcmed ispon-fwa the y cnsdemthirndou true Wadngm teateddrestesnt an xlaaiosi Amsjorito qetofs Pupwrd bf sharhlf-s-milin( ofhstch anod 541 vtesreal 1ordedfaction. andhoit is ain faeou of the dieepsto thise t1ommltee zntrt, ithat pelars,o trullcctuos netituds thoudhv preveneafutherdagtation * Ar dvte a se sautisatory liulbec formed havdid ndfortialobec theds andcio wofl omve other candidate in the place of and vaddnluoften, e 3pris ermywihs as of hitffcha ieo esparLlegs by rotato, ato ten enosuing zaf-e! arlypenrtoeralteetaing. 1isco 11isthus- aantfomtented.ng usto as lofa the fwdy c suatioefro stuifel hadpoeed uis, low'ter. imedntue iompniroent ino matherslu ofm "Ttinyrofert hoewaimoltict for ourgeinterest aseo thatfaitatontalnd lnrfn tre wpnch hav olonga iil warvailed. pyen f stsaco. Oiidnd bieomigackuingthed with thisl proceedin to thirstCommitteeo thoupertmtaneidynt onc ugestod convene las halingf-yearly arehot ourse approvhed suppoIrteV-d themon th enlathe ocason.at farWand jdicious wa lited toauptend, inr ordere togie everye emplnationen antchd toinoatinr r, lington.tof, whisow attend.ped,gneed totsel man texplantions intat nswcth uesetiofs tuthb shareholders, aeetnd which b aforldeda ver gea 3patisfctionf and. itear rubjec fof the Badeepestmregre toatthinr ois mani neenth the lai nuotlvouesametisfctry shoul the pbreveldnte.hs deplaatiols bigthen gomivten, forl they froeelf asnsuredtheywouldrhav Ad woul shavehgidens an theny dne t tthereoe toughity anialeo theirduyt cropery wich so tlmano h hrhlesd nt rmeenosj The Commlittee,IT wtouty enoterin inavetto etail ofalther subjects 3iertanht btfo the sMaehletin. The suirst of theseu was thatte larges incteDreascftrficn on then line aseuring the,pas thalf-yearafully warventsithe payment of asatisfactory conuncidond after maigthe half-yearlyt provisontfo thle restoration of %r thce peranerth way,tias sofr.sei thmes Glastnhalf-yeal repot ahourinse ipproved byMr.t Wanddindetendeat beingilspii themme ai n jdout s thatr aole mberdofitheL Bord be ocuprrtt forsporto the eesaeo thre moamndidattache thi omeitteM -fee the evet ofr ithe hrests les thre-electin hiomoe. bwud at thel co- iraucn tof morie year,monios frton thn oard ifoduring thanilkeyto yearshi nif Dircers shoul notuprovedodn satnisfcory tvowtesharehostlders.th Thesemdtanthe CoommitteeOl feely mutpoeofcnie. beitr toth s1EL;Go hareholders, n.ohy fae therfoe thougayhteit thir duty to thesLondoit thvem. rogtbeoeTHe NMeeiG.OSN z. nt.car ather subecagthoeiligu stthment vacanciesdingthDieton wn r asthen diod cuose, and,o the exlanations given,b ithe was unanhimpouoslydreolved, in T-cnunc tioh ihSe atic,t rmt ie re-election of D.Wdigon st I.. n ae. Pazcke. Esuitan the election ofMr James (loadson whose largte holdings - aln ericngyourtig,supporttorthosethreecam.ndiats thsCmmte Ceelmibtteour00 inerst willdb thelrey Lotnrododn a i ilcn -sInceTea mom hatteoniousactioninorirthe electthn is liel to ednsueA if ireles Farke returnmed hooldiong opinionsdavoely hot1, ld e to tha that iwsbarightld poivyeandtce that hxa PUBLIC A poxywil b set os youreon plicatiwon. ,dsttfd i - By~~~~o te leri of the Committee. ppse The ommiteesit ai. WatdinthComritrbee-o h 1Od atte Londo ...U2MEEPSG o Shaen holdaer oinfC t thisCmay el this daye ate the londond Tavern. irctonr aydosobeor - THOMAS GOO~t dSI.Eq to the heetiu; adle heaingthe tatments Of Sr tWaddooing eoandtleramesn oo elete a Diecor, ad heChairman.ssaeetinrfrnei Jecuepthe re-lecison, ofs D. Wodingts Esq.,-walP. andmJam HacenryTi.andthel eletkinon, ofq. Huames ds,n Eve.,atesthe nsi Douif-eaLys ectwn, g n6,aDietr of thi Complny ComItte Broom.e. ~a Olid Jor-2, London,er ERThoma Committe 'forsecuin tfuhe nelecio ofrDwl ddno James Pre andl- James bimP1n, nes., sieterdil ator 15 Od ) w WU ono Ftaveyrne, Ebsqar 16, 2816.g-stheeCmitetomdt inteClrk~Ests o the shareh-olders giemnotie, htaPB the eat anFeenton s. of th afairs oftheCmay n poe Scvm n Gonday nsxt, the Bathinsth.al-tr2ococe rcieyeweth aes f those genlemen who. 'lrhav. e signls ote Committee their Int enrone becoings candidoorate-s frth reetio,rmyd obfr The- BComite consistEsq. of tnhefioIngtrgentee 31OaveWflLLaMe Es ELPS2. A Ev-ae., 9, eanst r,Wsmntr Josehn Addllo, Eeq.,, I. KothmpebBerach-e, Tl emplrea Robenryrr Ti sqatAtkinon,atest.rusere,Igtttn Thome Reroadwod. Oenq.S. HAoimbosh. Trneagrw Jamesc Ryller. Ext, Wlhimpto n&eaExer Char.llanRurk, Esq.., Fiug tre~e-ut,Tml Jae eith ha. Esq., I Bastoghallhtridetre EaasTomhrdt.. Wilbra0a Teple t, Gomridog-shiar enryh Wainers, Esq., Morgtesre in. oy-c Jams, Et,, . BainIraon.trce Cobi. uert ri-.tEendents Orgate-Bstrpeatet The 11v. Eewd. Own. St Leonad's, ricng OEYo Samuel Ityles. Eat,,t accepttlntowr fEr ex JamesVeitc Shaw Ear. Grea KnigteOWe-steSecrtay Tihomcas TeOrnthwas.teb, Ev, 107. Gno.tet lncur 13HAMM at he, JAMEhs He.S. froSTueRNLy CObuNTI, eSmain W Y~nbi 3- 3 nivertit = lecsion.-A SPE oA theAIofirtadec JInIG4 iec ne of the poll, ning dast.Si, t,ad1t -iistangt,hte.5 n.., eturnin frcomns Cambridg toLodna9,5pm BY Ordez~~~ 13LByorder CVoachng urint, ebd.at' OIce. BsooaoSain - Fbnmy Az156 -ASRNURTOUNTE ~RAILWAY.-Fmtefnderat FeA b to axy, l ofudebentrs fallingce, EAnd ToAccept tenduers fortes gra, a fpem LontdonranundeApiainstbraeinteudr stantionys. ifrfoth Board Bishoagat Termnus.Febra.m. TJ B. O dN ectar. d t.i onREA s-roWESTeprN RALW Y f4A AD . setfurdtigtr afyal cons n o te putroses No. 25, sinfriar, Feb. . 9.7 563 Ehe ATl: .1 0 NOTHRNR IL3Y-Po th1t Febuay,unizfrter notice FAST TRIS atrdue fae Stations. F Time 1. Fare fro lod 9.45 10.45 50 1 Felerberngls -. issir-.11.5 10.45 150- 2 0 xhefflert.. 2.10 11.0.5 310 2-15 10.40 15 0 10 0 ikM. 5%'.m Passengers can also travel froim the.ab;ve stations to London b1 certain trains at storilar fa.res. B re,~YOECL,3,GnrlMngr Bycrg's-cross StaMlbn.GFeb.allr1856. GREAT NORTHERNRAIL,W,LY....From and -'3after 3fondag, the l1th inet., the FASSEIcqp.'R PA-RES on thir 'aila will be greatly REDUCED. PArticnLae will be given b3 Panebill SEYMVOUR CL&R1t£' Genera,l manger. rPHE EAST LINCOLNSHIRE RA%ILwAy COM-. JE.FANY.-Noticc is herebgiven, that the AN,oEAnRDt7,A.RN IXETI2AL3=GMof tje Prprietors will behelolde rida'.the ~'-dday Of- F'ebriuins.at, sil o'clock a ra precisely, in the ofll4vw0i i the Great,NorthernRail;;iyComp-.ny K'ings-Cre-S, London, tor0ct5r-O S areportfromnthe Dire6or, andforothier the gener-al business of L"' Company,. Theboomkept~bythe Companyforthe reg-istraton ofthe transfers cit Stock willb closed from ivenemeday, the 13th, to Friday, the eZd of -yebrIlIt7next, both dlays inclusive. Companys - Byorder. J. It 3M0WATT, Secretary. 3 CM Ysoffices, Xing's-erp LonIt don. February3~, 1856 AXV -h WORCESTER,and WOL-VERH9Ajjip. i-- Ori.asIW.AY.-I-eloice isbheAbygiven,that the ORDINAPRY AI--YEARL UEEIN of th 011-' 0 rO8tr,and Wolver- Arate-tr-eet. Lou O, On Tusillbyhe dayth ndonTavern.BIsho clck 0to r leeveay te2t aofFebrnary next.r 1. ~eoxmo, untl afterthe hfetiog. edaeaday, the 11th .Comasys-oces By oder NOE TH SLISSSU1J see THE Rev. EDWIN SIDNEY, M. A will deliver a LECTUJRE~ atFr cbatoem Hall, THIS lSlING. in coonexion with the Church of England Young Mlen's Society. Sub-eot_ TcsUtmony to ScripturobyModeu Science audDiscovery. Theeb,Ar.- will be taken at &I8 o'clOck. byR. C. L- Bea, Esq. Tickets for tho coure, 1 sail 2s. 6d6., may be hadatthe doors. T ECTURES on PROP ECY.-Hackney.- The:. ,L. Rev. JOHN COX. late of Queer-street Chapel, W h wili dtliver the FIFTH LECURE, at the 3fanorBoo,, Hlaickny on Tuesday evenin. Ftbruary 12: Sabiec-" The Pr' Vik ewy its Historyin ill Ages." WILBRAEl fI TAv-,tlleq.. F il take the chair at half-past 7 'clock. Doors open at , O'clock.l JAW AMENDMENT So% IETY 3,i WaterlooL glace. Pall-niall.-A SPEC EX-BER,"IEETUiR will be held TI EVENING at 8 u'clctle, to crud.sder the Report of the Statute Lair Committee and rcaolutior,5 thereon. G. W. EUSTINGS, Se. ,T VESTRY of the,PARISH of ST. GILES AlVfTHIOIT, CrifPplea3te: n. the city of Londonu held oxn Friday, February ,' Z.r. ltll TRFGGO' t, Sonior Churchwarden in tbo chair. Itwas resolved. that thi,, Vstryhavingcousidered the communi£ation front the City Buri?:, Board, withreference to the intended scae of fs in the new Cemn itery at ilfora, concur intheproposaltherein contined butr a. te sam e this Vestry beg to express theirregret that such an anomalyZ should be allowed to exist. of fees bring payabhe to lithesfrom wvhom under altered cisuanstanres no ditties whatever are. receurr.d. A. J. BAYLIS. Vestry Clerk. pRACTIAMILITARY INSTITUTIONK, for Gentlemen destined to the 3Military Profession, Under the Patronag of Gen. Sir J, F. Fitzgerald K.C.B, CoL 3.1L Pringlo h.P. 'CoL the on. J. Lundmy, HP. IIajor.en. Hioratio G. Broke CoL St. V. W. Ricketts hfai'r.Gnm Sir hL. Crach, K. FL CoL Brook Taylor Ms4sor-Gen. C. eorton Eden Licet.-CoLJ.TMacnaughten Hogg Malor-Gen. .Hawkcs Rev. Dr. Wrench, D.C.L otL the Hon . B. Wibeaha Rev. W. a. Hawtayn, M.A. VoL A. W. Hope, BA I Director of Studies-Captain LEND , late of the reath Staff, Graduate in Clasies and in d rthematical Hononas, L This InsUtution will Udenitively open on tceruary 12, at Sunbury, Middlesex. The extensire grounds and the stoAtion of the establishnent are well adapted tothe operatious which are tobe carred out. The staff consists of foer resident masters and 12 professors Terms of admission. prospectuses. &c., forwarded uron application to Capt. Lerdy, t, Prcre.ter.terace BRoswater; and, after the 12th inst., to the Secetwry of the Intittion. C. BAKR Rsq., See. GEOLOGY.-Profesaor RAMSAY F. tS. will COM ECE aCOlURSEOfTUIITYLECbRFSODnGEOILOGY on Tuesday next,the 12th inst., at 2 'cloc -tobe continued on ewch uecceeding Wednesday. Thursday, andTuesday at the same hour. Fee for the course. £3. Mineralogy.-Warrington W. Smyth, lLA., wiU commence a Coumr of 40 Lectures on Mineralogy on Wednesday text, the 13th inst., at 3 o'clock, to be continued on each succeediog Priday, Monday, and Wednesday, a tthelsamehour. Feeforthecourse, £4. These lectures will be delivered at the Government School of lines, Jermyon-street. where further particulars may be obtained. Xotiee-The Museurm of Practical Geology in now open gratuitously to the public every day but Friday. ERENIHAM REEK. Itegirtear. UTNIVERSITY of LONDON.-Matriculation Exa- PJmination, lSi6.-The ANUA COU'RSE of LECTURES in p reparation for this Examination will commence, at King's Codlege, London,.on Monday. Feb. 18.1816. The Classeswilibe taken by the Rev. Professor BREWER. Professotr GOODEVE, rnd the R ev. T. A, COCK. For further particulars apply to J. lV. tCunningham, Esq., Secretary, kings College, Ilondon. Rt. W. JELF, D.D., PrincipaL 7XTAVIGATION SCHOOL, under the direction of 1 the Board of Trade-Separate classes for masters and mates in the merchant service at 6s per week, aud for seamen at 6d. per week, meet daily at the Sailors Ifome, Wellsstreet, Iondon bock,. Apprentices admitted free. Application to be made at the Sadora' ome. BLACHEATH PROPRIETARY SCHOOL.-A B CTSSICAL. MA.STER is llEQtJIRED, to assis the head master in the £ncstuetionof the three highesat forms. Salary d200 a year, with the liberty of receivini boarders and private pupils in connexionwith the school. Theopening isa favourableone fora married clergyman. Testimoniats regarding personal Piety, religious views. cl wassie attainmentS, especially in Eungab, ILatin, and Greek composiion. experience in tuition, Ir., may be sent to the Head Mlaster before Mtarch 1. Mf1E ROYAL ASYLUM of ST. ANN's Streathama -Feb. 8.-The friends of JESSIE KA,TE : lii) return their rateful THA-NS to the numerous subscribers bywhose kind support her election has this slay been secured. JANE HURRY begs to return her grateinl THANKS to the Governors and Subscribers of the Royal Asylum of St. Amn's for theirvery liberal supportin favour of her son, Augustus WVilliam Hurry, who was duly elected into the above school on Friday last. AIRBAROUS OUTRAGE.-On Sunday evening, B Dec. 0. about 10 o'clock, a wvarehouse clerk, of exeeLlent character and habits, who has four children and a wife near her cofinement, wholy dePendent for support on hi; labours was garottedL severely beaten aout the head and face. and left almost insenible in the Citroad, by four ruflians, who made their escape on the appearance of the police. He was taken by thelatohis home, whom he stil lies quite unable to work, and with ever appearance of losing one of his eyes. The case is well kenown to SIr. Beddome. of 16. GreshaLmstrect. and Ar. S uter. n2, Chespside,ho wil give any further inforati on wquired and by wphom any charitable donations wil be thankftllyo receiver and applied; if by past under cover to H. H.. at either address. Ir. Beddome and hfr. Sutcr beg^ to acknowvledge with than.ks a fewsvanonymelrm contributiou-s, and renewr their appeal to the benevolent pubLie asthe suferer has mquite lost one eye, snd is oliged to go into the Hoe- ltal theNhe of saving the other, which is considered to be in great Manger. Pot-of6ce orderT ma be made payable either toWltliame ARN OVOU SON WlmNTED, with net incomt of betwreen £100 and £400 per annum, Proscpect. of early oss fioninudispinsabbe ar'ticuh rsto be lorwarded uost paid.to Mfessrs. I^mert lSitmw. nd ampon EOiCtrS , Jhn-tret,BedfordT)E1T CHARGES, in the connty of Wilts.-To be PARLSH ofBRTPON, Wilts,A commuted at £E431t 6s. 3d. * also that of Martin, commuted at .10..-b For particulars applyto 'iRt S. Waters, landIagent. St. GiOes's Salisbury. trs CIHURCH PREFERMENT.-Pntrons wishing to DISPOSE OF CHURCH PREFERMENT. or gentlemen want. in- to purchase, should peruse MAIt arid SON's MONTHLY REGIS- IER. whch contains particulars of upwards of 100 livings sought for and for sale.-Ecdeslasrical agencyoflices (late Valpy, establsheld 1), 7, Tavistock-row. Covent-garden. gIAPITAL SHOOTING within an honu's ride of LondoM.-To be LET, the exclusive RIGHT of SHOOTING over 325 acres of wood land, situate at Northaw, about three milee frora ihe Potters-bar Station. on the Great Norther line of Railway. Applyto James Dredge, woodward. Northaw. VlpOUSE SHOOTING and SAL.MON FISHIN gA n Ayrshire.-Furuished Hoirse.-To be LET, for five -eaIs, wi th nmmcdiato POssesion. AL,TON ALBANY PARK, witit shootin over 7,7Oacrcs, andtomilesoffhingin the river Stench.nr. The honse is in everyrespect a comfortable fimily residence. The game has been carefully preserved for many years. For particulars apply to MIr. A. Pliane, Alton Alhany, Barr, near Girvan. Ayshire. :dROTOGutAPHIC lee TlFS complete, with f double achromatic lenes. chymicsl. &c. The art taught included for £3, £5 5.. and £11 Us. Send for a list (Post fre). at GIL'BERT FLESAIMM's, 4SS. Scew Oxford-street Author of First Steps in rhote. graphy, pric 6d.. by post 7 stamps. FENTONs CRIMEAN PHOTOG APHS-Now F OIOPENf. at the Gallery of the luew Society of Painters in Water Colour, 3 Pall-mall, next the Brtish lnstitution. the EXHIBITION of the3 PHOTOG&,PHS taken in the Crimrea, under the patronage of the Queen, by ROGER FENTON, Esq. Admission, s frOm SIted daily. F IO OFFICERS RETURNING from the CRIMEA. *1 -Those Officers wvho wish to bave their PORTRAITS added to the Collection hy Mr. Roger Fenton, now exhMbiting at the Gallery. 53, PaUlmall. may ascertain the termsr on aUplcation at the exhibition rOoms, between the hours of 10 and 6 oclck. STA SALEo an ORIGIiNAL PAINTiNG, by OSTADR. Tobe seen at 33. Crosby-row, Walworth-road. PICTURES for immediate SALEi-=A Crucifixion . exquisitely finished, by Velasquez;. a Grand Landscape, with Cattle and Figures, by Cuyp; and a line Berghern. Apply to Mr. Scanlan, 16, Carey-str et. J3ICTIJRES, by the Dl)d and Miodern Mahsters, at ,LMyers and Co.'s, 45. Ludgate-hUl, at less than half the wecst end charges. Connoisseurs are invited to inSpeCt their stock, Restoring. lining and cleaning ona the premises. Galleries bought and valuations 1II)ICTITRES.-A landscapc paintei, Wvhose Works have been before the public for some years, wouldbe gladto DiSPOSE privately of some exhibited PICTURES at very moderate prices for cash. Patrons of art and collectors il an'd this.a favourable Opportunity. For cards apply by letter, with real name and address, to . - Z., Past-office. Store-street, Bledford-square @IR GODFREY KNELLER.-To be SOLD a kjflul-lengthi PORTRAIT. by this eminent artist, of CAROLiNEE lVlLHELIMfA, QUEEN CONSORT of KING GEORGE IL Size of canvasS feet by fret. This Daintingwas Pumcasee by the present ProPrietor in June 1852, at the rate at Beddisgtonpark, near Croydon. Apply to Mr. L, ii' Evans, 15. King-street. Cheapaide. pICTURE and LOOKING-GLASS FRAMES, Carcing audGilding in all its branches, cheaperand betterthan any house in Erngland, for ready-money, by a youmg man, just com. 'meanin bu ss, a sqar,ner h Unity Bank. Old paintings accurately co Pied by talented artst. Some fine specimens on view. Old painting restored. rlIHE STAUNTON CHESSiAN, price pe set 15s. A.and iTs 6di.; superior finished, 2lie.; 'in caS-et, Including Mr. Sta-ton's treatis%e, le - club size, 45s- fixstArican ivory,; L. r. to £10i,.Per set. Sold at allfancyrCpOsitories;wholesle, JAQUES, fatton-garden. Caution, asinferior initations aresold, observeeach set bears 3Mr. Staunten'sa siagnature. 11, ICROSCOPES.-j. AZAADICys BOTANICAL MV'.MICOSCOPES, packed in mahogy case, with three wers condenser,&picer, and twoslides. Will show thean,imaltujissinvater. Przice lIE. d,Address Joseph Amnadio, 7, Throgmortn.,street.A large aSSortment Of achromatic mIcroscopesi iMAGIC LA1TElRNSaid DISSOLVING VIEWEi ,L~ -Lantens and slidesfrom 7s Gd. Newton's improved PF=tasmagoria Lanterns Ueases 3£ incles diameter, completeincase on application. W. . and F. leW-ar. optcias ad gobemakrsto the Queen, 3. Fleet-street, Temple-bar,. TWO in ONE.-The Optical Wonder of the Age.- tad snt fr It. "Efe (realmstered),acucous"mdrnytgheerald. be and flnish in a dy. dcoratons nubever. befoStreoatepted TomaUGHy b 5t,heapindtespr toRnaly,o b eNtte o .L.icungpte. NE D E O KNob lt andgntr EMVIGo WARHOUIN FIURNIUR. deor Wemoal, at T c MADGWICK's U., Pavement sry Sa iers iorremovlt any distance. Etmtssn rts nldn iko damnages, th s fwapr,mats, boxs n aepro oeig for bedding,e pcUres wfMork- of art. fr.it ae nanipoe an ciple, Packingforrai1wass and forei'gn Ports. 1~'URNITURE, Pctures, and Moonbie Propert .L~WREHOSEg,insereo0m,buit fo fieprof elvniae BEDFORD PANTECHNICON 194 Totteniham-, court-aoad,- fr. RICHARD COLtS begs to inform families removing that he has taken the above spacious premises for warehous- ng funmiture and every desriptionof valuable propery, and trusts by a continn.ance of the very moderate charges of this establihment, to ensure a continuance of their patronage. Prospectuses on the pre- mises, oracompetent person will attend to give estimate gratis, 8TORE WAREHOUSES, Baker-street B:uar.- SJTlUTTR RF, Pictures, and all moveable frePerty WAPXHUE , in temr rooms, built for fire-proGf wel ventilated and vaer.SParate leek-UP roams may be engaged, A prospectus Of tm s u Paplatil0on eora person senat to gve e-stimates for rent, cost ofpaking,nd retmoval in covered van. Apply to the Storekeeper, er-sti 2Bazar. COLD AIR PRONG DOORS aid WNINIDOWS,- ltREENWVOOD's PAMIrENT\ IDI.A.RURBER STOPS, to prevent iL-aughts and dust roind the joit of toom doors, windows, losets, sotr-cases, fe. Self-acting srring sldes for ifto bottoms of y.urs, 4s. each.-John Greenwo od, arp &a., per, frotrer sr Lndon-bridge. r t he,O 0 Athur-slyest pAP,R A GIG . The cheapest heouse iT3 t.,doa for ofevery known style of paperhangings io CPOSS'S Whol=43 . Fnchur st Great.9ctlaqd-steet, Oxford-stre- wher the pnblicandL hre ftaole are sappired from the most extensiveasew.t.etin the 0cingo mrmendrg at`12 yards for CKL, DAPERa4.GINs and PALNEL DECORA. TIN,inn ~nd fashionabI6 designs, for ri-mwmg roorn, dining ya DE'; d ReITIS -ya; sitig ro K p finf l these inks do not thicken se F4iuasY inks: theyare veryfeiud, cpeedilybecone an intense and.abir.S. b snddo not corrode steel r!'e -Andrew Ure, MD., F.P.S. Oled 9f ou1rstatlener.- Idanufactory, 61, Fleetstreet
?ABLIAMENTAAY NOTICES. MOUSE OF IORDS. MOMTMAT. FVn. IA. -- v ".r 5am .Y- -n'Ttf Trial of OfenccsrBUL,-Second reading. earl Grey,-To ask the Secretary or Istate for Forei6n Affairs wie. therhe cam izve an exlplanaltihon ,of *.re ansiairetcontralietiOn betee olIr Colonel Rtose'srtoat of the 2.-ii~ of ~firds 1855 andthat o od Stratford de Redelffo oerthe 2,'th of May folowving; the first of these despatchs conltaining a aer.rorandum of Mr.v Pisasi of the account of the note verbale precvnted by Prince Meosehikoff to the rorsc on the 16th of 1acrhl, *hile L,ord Stratford do Bleddiffe states in hi3 despatch of the 27th, of May that MIr. Pisarn had assured him, thtu Rifant Pasbea vooul'- never be brought to admit the existence 'wt tlsts nete. - S and W 5L Arrot , ASeD XOTICE3. Febresuandry ies of SettledtEsttes BilL-Comnuittce oA Tuesday, The Esrg of Hardwicko,-To caD the attention of the Hole to the servieo' themoamistoAustralia. (Nodaynamey.) LOrd, Brougham and Vaux,-To call the attenton of the Mlouse to the CCounty COurts Acts. (No day namncl4 I .,rd Rmteadale;-To rneve that no3griate bill shall be re.ad a, second tii',e ater Tnesday, the 8th day of July next; That no bilt confir.ning any Provisional order of the Board of Health Oranthorizing any enclosure of lands under special report of the Ende3sre Conumissioners for England and lVales, shall be rad a second time after Tuiesday. the 15tb day of Julynext b That hen sa bll nshall have passed this Hiouse with amendments tbese orders hali not apply to any new bill sent up from the House of I Commobns hich the Chairman of Committees shall reDoetto the House is substantialy the same asthe bill so amended. Wo daynamed.) HOUSE OF COMMONS, MONsDAY, FEB. 1L - onnDens 'OF HEi DY.Y SUPPly,-Committee. Prisos (areland) Bill,-Secand reading. Corurt of Chaneery Ireand) Bill.-Second reading. House of Commons Ofihces Bill,-Third reading. -NOTICEs OF 1.eoxsoT1 Sir. Ewart,-To fnquire of the First Lord of the Teasnoy, whether any, and (if any) vhat measures have been adopted for estblishin-' a system oi examination, or other educationa test for candidates inhtlh diplomatic service of the county. MiIr. .Ierkeley,-To ask theSeccetaryof Statefor the itomeDepart ment whIy burials are allowed to collttue inothe metropoDla graveyards, now that ample accommodation exists for interments at a distancefrom,Undon; Why the cehrchyards of St. John, Hoxton, St. mary, Iaggerston, St. (Oiles, Camberwell. having been repeatedly closed by order in Council. have as often been allowed to reopen, and are, together with the BlueLion bnrinlgroimdinGrsy's-innlaae. andTrirdty, 3rompton, no In ia ull operation;- And, whythe objectionable practice ofplacing more than one body in one grave is continued in the Cemetery at Brompton, which has been purchased by, and is under the control of, the (lovernmeset. Mtr. Hmme,-To ask the Chief Secretary for Ireand vihether the Governimenthave had under its conhiegration the question of assimilatin8 the weights and measuresand tales in Ireland; and, if so, whether lt is their intention to bring in any measure upon the subject this session. Mr. Calrns.-To ask the irst Bord of the Treasury whether there are any letters or papers illustrative of the Probable effect of the late treatywith the Emperor of Japan on the trade of this country; and behet e theGovemnmentwiUlay on thetablecopiesofsuchlettersor Pl. U'3falson,-To ask the Chief Secretary for Ireland vhether he intends to bring in any measure for facilitating the reclamation of Irish waste lands, also. vtetherhe intends to bring in any measure to amend the Irish 3raud jury sstem. .M31r. Bsrslhll,-To ask the Vice-President of the Board of Trade whether it is his intention to niove the second reading of the Lmcal Dues on Shpping 6Bi on the 25th inst.; and, if not, whether he is prePared to state on whatday hevili move it. The Chancellor of the Exchequer,-Bill to ameLd the act relating to the mpermnnuation of the civil service. hIr. Edwardvl icc.-Addressfor return in reference to the record of applications to the Board of Supervision for RIeief of the Poor in Scotland. statingin each case the amount of reief, whether in money, food, clothing, or any other shape (but if not in money, then giving the money value of such etherdescription of relief, which fomried the subject of conip'.int, the decison of the beard as to such allowance being insufllcct or the contraury; and, in casesi where the gromnd of complaint was removed, stating the additional amount and kind of relief thatw-asgrantcdlroiu the tst day of July, 184, to thet1th day Of ' June, 1855i (in continuation of former retaen). Mr. Car,-Copi es of all 'dorrespondearce between the Commis. nionera of NVational d ncatiou in Ireland and the Committee of the Lancasterian Industrial School, Belfast, relative to the charges made by the Right Rev. Dr. Denvir against the system and management oc that school ; and of the rc ror of the Inspectors of the Board of Education who inquired intosubcharges. 3Tr.2d3fahon,-Addrcss for return of thc number of persons gummardly convicted aodi committed to prison in the seeraI couties of England and Iretland for breach of contract in neglecting work or leaving service during the years l5 1 and 155. fr. Danlop,-Address for retuns of the number of proprietors in each county in Scotland standirg on the valuation rolls4 made on umder the act 17th and 18th of Victoria, chap. 91 as owners of lands and heritages therein of the value requisite to quntifyfor acting as Commissioners of Supply in termsof the 19th secton of that act, and also ofthe number ofpromrietors poscsessed of the former quahfication as owners of lands and heritages valueal at 100 pounds Scots of old val,a tion ; together with the total valuation of the county under that act, and the totelvaluation, in pounds Scots, according to thevaluation rolls prior thereto; And of thenumber of proprictors, in each parish, of lands and beritages valued at l WpoundsSeots. and thenumberoisninglandsanudlienitagesrvalued at £100 sterling yearly under the act abovementioned; together with the total number of proprietors in each such parish, of vwhitever valuation, standing on the rolls made up uuider the said act, and the total number standing on the old valuation rolls. Lord Hfothamn-Copy of any order issued by the Admiralty in I=55 reuating appointmecirts in Her' MNajesty's dockryards. Ir. Horernua.-Bill forenabling the Commissioners ofPablit WVolsa in Ireland to acuire * crtain lands for the site of a prison for the reception of juvcnilec ronvicts. Mr. Dillwyn,-Address for returmn of the convictions and sentences within the police districts of tIe metropols during the years 1854iad 1S55 under thc act 16th and 17th of Victoria, clap 30. for the better prevention and punihment of aggravated assaults upon women and children. Mr. lilson,-Bill tV extend the period for hich Her 1ajesty may grant letters patent of incorporation of joint-stock banls, Scotland. Sir C. Wood,-Navy Estimates (in Committee of Supply). SIrc lfageire,-In Committee OD the Naval Estimates, on vote 6. to cal the attention of the House to the unfair distribution of the public exPenditure as between England and Ireland, and the continued negl ct, on the part of the Goverunment. of the great natural resources and position ot the harbour of Cork, which qua y it in an eminent degree for all the purposes of a complete naval station and dockyard for the buildiugand repair of ships-of-war.
THE WESTMINSTER CLOCK TOWER. TO THE EDlTOR OF THE TLNIES. Sir,-A little bird, who has temporary lodgings in one of my loopholes, tells me that my learned neighbour, Westminster-hall, has been indulging in jokes at my expense, jokes which, he says, moreover, are of that ponderous nature so well suited to the age of my venerable friend. It is clear my neighbour's eyes are failing, otherwise he (or she?) would have noticed that none of the stones, or heavy castings, of which Iam composed, have been raised externally, and it is to be feared that her reasoning and inductive faculties are not so good as they were (in spite of her legal training), or it would have occurred to her that my clock and bells would be raised in the same way as the heavy stones and ponderous ironwork of which I am composedIt is, I fear, impossible for my respected neighbour to pay me a visit, otherwise I should be happy to showv her (provided her modesty would not be shocked) a large hoisting shaft in my interior, with a steam engine at the top, and should then take the opportunity of complaminig that she should accuse me of reqiring an erection to cost 3,000b. to get in my furniture, when I myself have not cost a quarter of that sum in scaffolding for my own completion. I am sorry to say that my neighbours generally appear, in default of better occupation, to indulge in some of that aniable twaddle so peculiarly fitted for women of a certain, or, like my venerable friend, an uncertain age. Pray, Sir, protect me from such scandal, and I will promise you a speedy peal in token of my gratitude. Your much maligned and obedient servant, THE CLOCK TOWER.
TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES Sir,-In your report of Mr. IH. Baillie's speech of last night on the subject of the operations in the Gulf of Tartary, I find that a detached passage in the rough notes [ have published concernig theseproceedings hasbeen quoted as conveying an imputation of carelessness, on the part of Commodorc Ellot and the officers employed under him, in not having obtained accurate information of the enemy's forces. I am sorry I should have led Mr. H. Baillie into a misconception of my meaning, which was that precise information Iof the nmnber aud class of Russian men-of-war in the waters of the Pacific had not been supplied to the officers presen' in the affair of De Castries Bay, though war had been declared 13 months. I had no intention of imputing blame to the officers employed, who, as my own experience enables me to assert, lost no opportunity of acquiring all the information within their reach. Had the passage immediately following the extract read to the House been given, I think my trae meaning would not have been misapprehended. I have the honour to be, Sir, vour obedient servant. BERNTARD W GTTIGBA AL* - Uaptain Royal Engineersm London, 4eb. V.
TiE LATZ BssnoP or COnsrx.-HIs lordship's last moments convey an impressive lesson on the uncertainty of life. On Wednesday, the 23d of January, the bishop attended the meeting of the Cumberland Infirmary, as was his custom, and afterwards remained some hours in the town. The day was damp and raw, and lie complained more than usual of cold, but appeared in good health, and expressed himself as bing so. Up to Saturday he performed his usual duties, but on the morning of that day he found that one of his legs was slightly inIfiamed, and be ordered his carriage and drove in to see Mnfr Pagfe, his lerdihip's medical attendant. Mr. Page desired him to go home at once and confine himself to the sofa. During the whole of last week his lordship remained in his drawingroom, and Mr. Page visited him daily on account of a slight swelling of his leg; but his lordship saw his friends and attended to his extensive correspondence as usual. On Tuesday afternoon 3r. Page, who had not seen him before for two days, went over to Rose-castle, and found his lordship in the drawing-room, who expressed himself as feeling quite wvel, and that his leg was so far recovered th-at it was no longer painful, and that he anticipated being out again as usual in a few days. After some little conversation the bishop went with Mr. Page into his dressingroom, and on his way thither remarked upon the freodem wvith which he could nowv move his leg. Hiaving reached the dressing-room, he was in the act of stooping to uncover his leg, when he said, " I feel faint," and on look ing athim3fr. Page saw that he was fainting. He at once laid him on the floor, rang the bel, and ordered some brandy-and-water, a little of which which the bishop took, after which he somewhat revived, when he said, "It-is very cold lying on the floor." A couch was brought from an adjoining room, and his lordship was gently lifted on to it. he shortly afterwards turned to his dau hter, who had been summoned, and asked if she was alarmeda* to which sho made a suitable reply, when he suddenly complainedof acute pain about the heart. A stimulant was given, and he again apeared to rally; and upon Mr. -Page saying to him "I think you are a littlebetter," he slowly rejoined, "Yes; Ifeel rather better." A brief interval only elapsed when -his lordship again exclaimed "The pain is coming back,' and, in a moment, with some difficulty of Utterance, said, "Give me your hand, Page - I hould like to holct your hand!" 1Ir. Page immediately rompled with hi; Lordship's 'esue, extending his hand, whlich wasgisped bythe bishop and iztained until the general relaxation of the frame showed that death was immediately impending, At a few minutes before 5 'clock, in the presence of Sirs. Uock*ood, his lordship's eldest daughter, Mr. Page, and several members, of his hO'lsehold, the bishop calmly expired.-Cariisie Patriot. CROYusI PALAcE.-Frvl S;LLINO DAY, Satur- day, Peb. 9.-Admissions on payne?at, 117;j diIt4 by season ticket, 1,410. -Total visitors, 1,527.
MONBY-MARK1TcOdcITy INTELLIGFJN'C. Saturday Eventng Tero have been very few transactions in theEnglsh funds to-day, but the market has been firm at a slight improvement. Consols for money opened ag the closing prico-of last evening-namely, 91k to J, and the final quotations were 911 to 4 for money and 91,- to j for the 11th of larsh. .The favourable character of the Bank return and the speech of Lord Palherston last evening on the American question were the causes of the upward tendency. Bank Stock left off at 212k to2.4; Reduced.912 to ; New Three per Cents., 92j to ; Long Anntuties, 3P ; Annuities 1885, 16 11-1; ExchequerboncZs, 97-4- to 98; and India-bonds and Exchequerbills, 7s. to 3s. discount. The transactions in foreign securities were not extensive, but quotations continue to exhibit firmness. Turkish Six per Cents, were dealt in at 93, 93i, 929-, and 93. The Four per Cent. Guarnteed Stock was negotiated at 101 for money and 1004 for the account. The general operations comprised-Peravian, for account, 80%, WRussian Fourand-a-Half. per Cents., 92Xr; Spanish Three per Cents., for the account, 421; the New Deferred, 234; aud Datch wTwo-and-a-Half per Cents., 64j. a closing quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 40c. for money and 72f. 75c. for the end of the month, showNing an improvement of about I per cent. in consequence of money purchases. The prospectus has been issued of a French and English undertaking,to be called the Allimnce Bank. The capital proposed is 800,0001. in 201. shares, on which the deposit will be 5l. Tdhe head office is to be at Paris, with branches at London and Constantinople, and the administration will be entirely under the French laws, and subject in the usual manner to the control of the French Government. The number of directors is 14, of whom eight are English and six French, the present sheriffs. of London being among the former. Letters from St. Petersburg to-day, dated the 31st of January, describe increasing confidence among the inerchants and a further improvement in the rate of exchange. An erroneous announce nient that an armistice had already been concluded appears to have given a new impulse to the markets. According to the views of intelligent persons, there could be no doubt that the Austrian intervention to bring about peace was originaRly concerted at St. Petersburg, and its success is hailed as a triumph of skill, by which the exposure of the actual condition of Russia and the degradation of suing for terms have been averted. Peace, it is said, is no longer a question for consideration, but an absolute necessity - for the country; and this fact is SO thoroughly recognized that every one believes it to be the firm intention of the Czar to meet the allies in a manner to make sure of the war being brought to a close. The pride of the fanatical party is, however, to be soothed by the idea that the submission, although now inevitable, need not be permanent. The famous saying of Catherine, that Constantinople, as regards Russia, is " the key of the houise," is not to le banished from recollection. A period of repose must be had at any cost, and it is well to have secured it whlue Cronstadt and Sweaborg can still boast of impregnability. But this :olicy is only "for the present." No Russian, t is affirmed, gives up his views on Turkey, and " they now say they must get the English to build public wvorks and railroads, and also to find the capital to enable it to be taken at a more auspicious time, when France may have troubles at home." Hence for the future the diplomatic toue wvill be altogether in favour of the arts of peace, tie cultivation of commerce, and a limitationi of the empire. Immediately, tllerefore, on a treaty beiing concluded the Government will grant cessions and give guai antees of interest to English companies for the construction of railways all over the country. It is the appropriateness of these designs that is said to have converted the Grand Duke Constantine to the side of peace, and this conversion is accepted by every true Russian as a sign that nothing is really intended to be abandoned. lie will not give up, they say, the duty that was imposed upon him when he was christened, and for the fulfilmient of wbich tlle studies and habits of his life have constituted a continuous preparation. The railwaymeetings of the week have been chiefly for the declaration of dividends. The directors of the London and North-Western Company propose a distribution at the rate of 51 per cent. for the half-year, making, with the previous payment, 5 per cent. for the year. The balance to be carried forward, if this recomimendation is approved, wiU be 48,5121. According to the report of the Committee of Consultation, it appears that the management has been marked by zeal anid ability, and that the condition of the property is sound, and capable, under vigilant, energetic, and liberal administration, of early and great improvement. The dividend of the Great Vestern Company it is proposed shall be at the rate of 21 per cent: per annum, carrying forward abalance of about 16,0uiOl. Atthemeeting of the South Devon and Tavistock Company it was agreed to subscribe the necessary sini to complete the share capital, and the undertaking will consequently be proceeded with. The directors of the London and South-Western Company recommend the payment of a half-yearly dividend at the rate of 51. 12s. 6d. per cent., leaving a balance of 11,6001). The dividend of the Stock-ton and Darlington Company will be at the rate of 9 per cent. per annum. At the meeting of the Manchester, Buxton, MIatlock, and Midland Jnmetion Railwaythe dividend declared was ls. 4d. per share. The works on the Stockton, Disley, and Vhaley-bridge line are progressing ; and w,hen completed with the junction it %ill be advantageons to both companies. The shareholders of the class A of the St. A ndrew's and Quebc Railway have adopted the report presented by the directors. The dividend declared at the meeting of the Colchester and Stour VaUey Company was 's. 7d. per share, free of income-t.x, and the general statement was. received as satisfactory. According to the report of tlhe Cromford and High Peak Railway, the subscriptions for the new capital have not reached the required amount, and consequently the alterations cannot be immediately developed. The directors of the Vest Cornwall Company recommend that no dividend shall at present be declared, but that the balance shall be allowed.to remain at the credit of the general revenue account. The receipts on the line are increasing, and the expenditure, it is thought. may be still further reduced. The dividend declared by the Cockermouth and Workington Railvay is at the rate of 21 per cent. pet annum, and the trffic exibits a slight imuprovement. The works of the Geelong and MIelbourne Railw,ay wrill be prosecuted wvith all possible expedition, and powvers are to be sougrht to enable the company to mak;e an extension to Ballarat. . The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to 350,0O00., the whole of which has been sent away. The speech delivered by Aft. Lowe on moving the first reading of the Limited Liability and JointStock Companies Bills has just appearedin the form of a pamphlet, published by Mr. Ridgway, of Piccadilly. The annexed information wtith regard to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Afining Jo7trnal - "A A more extended business in shares has been carried on this week, and several descriptions have been in demand. at Wheal Basset meeting the accounts showed a balance to next account of 2 3151. the dividend and bonus were 121. lOs. per share. 'At iosewarue United meeting the accounts showed, after payment of adividend of 41. per share. abalance to next account of 3901. At .Afred Consols meeting the accouits showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2,5621.; a dividend of 5s. per share was declared, end the remaining 1,2821. carried to the credit of the next Focount. At Tamar Silver-Leadmecting tle accounts showed. a balance in favour of adventurers of 4,2391.; a dividend of is. 6d. per share was declared. AtBudnick Consols meeting Ihe accounts showed a balancoe in favour of adventurers-of t91. AtWendron Consols meetingthe accountsslhowed a baIance against the mine of 8571.; acall of 21. 10s. per share was made. At Hill Pool meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurerr of 98b.; a call of Bs. per share was made. At Wheal langford mecting the accoumts showed a balance in favour of the mine of IO09.; a caU of 4s. Gd. per share was made. At Bryntail meeting the accounts showed a balance of about 708b. in favour of tho mine. At Buoler and Basset United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 9321. At WTheal Cupid meeting a call of 12s per share was made. At Clew' Bay meeting the accounts showed a- balance in hand of 361. At Rheidol Uxnited meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 53l.; a ceall of Is. per share was made. At Bronfloyd meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 821 ; a callof Is. 3d. per share was made. At North Erances meeting the accounts showved a balance in favour of the 'mine of 271.; a caU of lOs. per share was 3hade. At Great Cowareh meeting it was agreed that allU shares in arrear of call not paid up by the 15th inst. should be forfeited.. At Ndrth Buller meeting the accounts' showed a balance in favour of the mine of 36?,; -a c:U2of 8s. per sbare was made, At Carn Vivian meeting a can of al5, psr ihale was wade, At Tasan Lead meetiag the ac- toonts showed a "nee against. adventuxers of 8 c of Is. per shaxo wen Tnader i With rea d to foreign rnining there is nothing worthy of extract. nothing The prospectas has been issued of tho Fairfield Candle Company, with a capital of 160,0001. in 201. shares. Its object is to carry on with extended means, at the Fairfield-works, Bow, the operations of the British Sperm Candle Company, which hai been diEsolved. The Emigration Commissioners have advertised for a vessel to carry emigrants to Adelaide, to b3 ready for passengers between the 17th and 24th of Mlarch.
STAI'E OF TBADE. MANCHESTER, FEn. 9. For shirtings, mAdapollams, and jaconets there is bu' little demand, but manufacturers are to smom extent, indifferent about new orders in these goods, having mostly large contracts in hand which wil require some time for completion, and prices are undisturbed. Sales could notba forced, however, were makers seeklng customers, without a slight decline. In other goods there is a moderate demand almost constantly splinging up from somne qnartor-home or foreign-and some makes of long and T cloths and printers b° off steadily at full values. There is a fair business also mn domestics, and prices, without being higher, are moro in favour of the seller than the buyer. In yarns the same indisposition to purchase prevails Which we noticed on Tuesday. The orders in the hand5 of spinners and the near approach of the season when the continental trade will reopen, howvever, tend to greater firmness of prices than might he expected. -In most instances the result of the present position of the yarn-market is this-that spinners have not altered their quotations, and buyers can obtin no advantage where spinners are well engaged-which is mostly the ease for favourite spianings-but net able to secure a slight concession where spinners are out of contract and are looking for new contracts. As awhole, the market is moderatelyfirm and healthy, but there is a slight advantage in cloth over yarn in this respect. The advices from India are too discouraging to give much hope of any early improvement in demand from that quarter, and in caseoef peace we may expect a check to the largely increased trade which the war has fostered in the levant; but the faling corn-markets pont to the possibility of a considerable increase in the home demand. A better trade is also expected w,ith some portions of Germany and the continent with the return of the spring. .- T BIRINGHAM, PEn. 9. The iron trade remains extremely steady, and the first hsuses are well off for orde-s. The probability of peace encourages the hope that in the spring the trade to the north of Earope will set in with renewed vigour, and more than compensate for any temporary suspension of orders which possibly may occur from the United States. It is to be remarked, however, that at present certain descriptions of malleable iron are, through Liverpool houses, being exported to the States to a great extent, and the orders and remittances received by every packet lead to a belief that a rupture is not looked for by the merchants of Boston and New York The American trade, itis stated, is decidedly looldng up, and bids fair to be much better than during the spring of last year. The only complaint in the iron districts that we hear of is the high rate of discounts, which operate seriously, as it is stated, against the extension of the iron manufacture. It is certain, howvever, on the other hand, that the ease with which money was obtained twelve montls ago led to those disastrous results from whichthe iron trade is now only just recovering. Lord Ward, notwithstanding the drawbacks of which others complain, is extending his works, and wiU shortly be one of the greatest ironmasters, as he is now the greatest coal proprietor in the district. The Oak-farm Weorks, which have recently passed into his lordship?s hands, or into the possession of those with whom he is closely connected, are about to commence operations, and, by the employment thev will afford, wiU confer an immense benefit upon the neighbourhood. Lord Ward is also erectinlarge works in the neighbourlhood of Brierley-hill, and, when completed, they will aggain add to the activity which already prevails amongrthe manufactuers of this vicinity. The pigmakers keep np their prices without any apparent increase of stocks, and should trade still further improve, as is generally expected, there is no fear of any reduction taking place for some time to come. Hot blast pigs of a good quality meet with a ready sale at from 41. lOs. to 41. 1DS. per ton, but under pigs are not much in request. Although during the last week there has been a slighlt falling off in the demand for domestic coal, still prices at the pits' mouth are maintained. The inferior qualities used in the fouraces of the district are said to be not quite so scarceasashort timae ago, and it appears tobe a general opiion that, as summer approaches, there must be a reduthon the rates now charged for every description and quality of Staffordshire col. The various trades of the town, if not absolutely busy, are for the most part doin- an average amount of business at this time of the year. 'he jewelry manufacture we find is unsually active, and several of our largeat establishmeats areworking overtime. Thesiver-platehouses are, however, rather flat, and one or two of the clectro-plate manufactories are at work not more than four days m the week. The brass-fotndry businesses generally continue steady, although the home trade for the winter may be said to have gone by. An opinion begins to gain ground thatthe present high price of copper cannotbe much longer maintained-more especially if a peace with Russia should be established-and this notion, whether nor or just, wil have a depres,irg effedtupcnubrass-fomndry generally. It is pretty certa;n now that our chief founders are reluctant to make for stock, and only produce what immediate requirementsdemand. The country trade is, however, still good; the reluctance to pur- chase during the carly part of the last year having reduced! ironmongery and brass-fondry stocks in al parts of the kingdom to a very low ebb. The towns chiefly supported by agrculturists are said to be those in which at the present time there is the bet call for Birmingham manufactures. Orders from the southern and western counties are freely given, and even from the far north travellers' shcets are much better filled than at the commencement of the la*s anidsnmmer half-year. These orders from theragrienltural districts consist, too, not of mere articles for the use in ullsbandry-altholoh these are now in great request-hut of general ironmongery and brawiery required for domestic purposes. There can be no doubt that the improved circumstances of the farmers have thus materially benefited the manufacturersof this town and neighbourhood. The falling off which has taken place durnug the last two years in building operations has, as a matter of course, led to a corresponding reduction in the demand for many articles of Birmingham make; but even some of these trades are again looking up and .promis renewaed i itality. The 3ail trade, both cut and wrought, is improving, and thes demand for hinges and bolts is said to be increasin. Such is the testimony of men largely engaged in these bu~sines3es, and who reside in districts where they are carried on to the greatest extent. The makers of the beat descriptions of leeks .are well employed; some who possess patented inventions of approved merit have as much aork in hand as they can weof execute, bou the demand for common house locks is by no means below the average, and keeps the artisans of some ncighbourhoods in good work 'The grate, fender, and fire-iron trade, as might he ea;,pected, is by no means soabrisk as it was a short time before Christmas. The common and portable stove manufacture has of late been remarkably actve, and even now, in conseqelnce of the greatupplies required forthe army and the navy, many manfacturers are verybusily employed. Thesamehmay be slid of the establshments wnho have the getting up of contracts for swing-lamps used on ship board, and immense quantities are in constant requisition for our eets and the fleets of foreign nations The Frenh Admiraltyhof late has become no bad customer for implements of war and naval stores required in the services of that country. The late exhibition of articles of use in the Paris Exhibition has in this respect been of benefit to our local mauufactmtes, and will from time to time he more generally and advantageously felt throughout almost every branch of OUr varied trades. The cal for tin wares as now more especially active. The tlyo largest establishments in the town are funl- of orders, and those chie'dy for the home trade. This particular manufacture was never kcnown to be busier, although the Government contracts for the arm and navy have generaUly been obtained (in consequence of the ruinously low prices at which fhey were taken) by manufacturers in uLondon. and thus, in a very small degree, added to employment in Birn desgham. *The exportahton of tinrwares toAustralia has at all times been large, althognh, like that OT al other mawnfacturesithas suered a diminution within the Last two years. TheLast advices, however, from MIelbourne, contained some good orders, and these were accompanied, as almost all ordera frm these colonies now are,by satisfactory remittances or equaMy satisfactory references. Our merchants and manufacturers describe their trade with Australia as being now in a far more healthy state than it has been since its establishment as a colony. Spculahve consinments are avoided, while the stocks in hand are gradually becoming lower. The military gun trade continues to be ytmarkably lively, all the great establishments of the town being in full work. So far from the Government orders having mn any degree been relawxed, they are increasing in the books of the manufacturers. Fresh contracts have been entered intO this week for the supply of a considerable quantity of sea service rifes, and these orders are uot to be alowedto interfere in any degree with the supply of muskets for the line, It is understood that the arms now required are for the prajected Baltic expedition; but, generally, Tower wrork of all descriptions is extremely active, .and the greatest vigilance is observed by the Government in seeing to its speedy and efficent production. Tse sword ctnery manufacture is at present, considering that we are at wr, rather Blat, hut still there are seine good orders in hand for the better and more finished descriptions of side weapons. Theyealy eetngsof thie various banking companies in th ldaddstricts are now in cour.se of being held. We mentioned last week the report made by the dirsetera of the, Dudley and WVestbromwich Company, and the quiet mannerj in which they passed over bad debts for the year, amowuting to no less than 1O3,0001. The Bilston Banking. CoinIpany,w-vhich, during the early part of the yeas, was its colleague in adversity, has now made its explanatory statement to the~ shasreholders, from which it appears that, althoug,h they lost hcavilyinthe comumencementof the year, yet, afterI a dividend at the rate of 5 per cent. and writing off every 1 bad debt, the guarantee fund will stand at 7,102x. Thel directors claim credit for making no reservation as to -teI extent of their losses, which 'i.lev thinkwere.less than might hive been expected after passing through such a year of u- exampled pressure ind difficulty.. The report of the Wol-verhampton -and -Staffordshire Bankdng. Company, which has been issued this week,- shows a net balance of 1,o57l. 9s. 7d1 in favour of. thc company for the year ending at Christnias last, in addition to which I ;040X2159h6d. was brought forward-from the-profits of the 18ear l54, makim a totai of 12,648l.os. nwtfo be disosed of. Out of this adividendof 10s. per share waspaysh e-on: the Ist of September last, and the ctors propose that the: same amount should now be declared, making the usual dividend of 10 per`tent.' on-the capitaL -. -Of the remainder, it was proposed to ndd 2,000L. to the guiarantee fund (now 7mVO.)j anda the balancs of 618f. Ds,to be carried forward to the credit of the. blf-year. The report had met the approval of the shareholders It may be obsery&% that, although xituate in almost the centre of the iron dig' tricts, the Welverhampton escaped a participation inthe disasters whichX. befell other banking comsnies of the neighbourhood. In like manner the banking companies of Binringham wilP' -resent equally favourable re. ports. The Midland kts, . ' a year of prosperity, and increases its dividend this 11.If-year to 3. lQ per - shae (5m. share), and carries over alarge asm to its reserve fetid. It is satisfactory to state that, after diligent inquiries we are not able to tear that any of our ironmasters of the dis. trct are seniously, If in any deg ree, affected by the failurer of Messrs. Sootb llussell, and Co. It was rusoured, when the event was first declared, that more than one house ix. the neighbourhood would be involved; there was not the NO1'MGHIAM FPn 9. Afair home trade in hosiery isjust now being tsact ' but the demandfor slippingslveryliinited. Theseledions are not confined to particular goOds but are pretty general, and higher rates are being obtained. Yarns are sia I. a bundle higher, with a prospect of going higher still The lace trade is rather quieter this week, but * great dcal more business has been transactod than at the sanie rod. last year. Iast week business was in rather a feveris states in consecuence of the settlement of the war being somethig more than probable.This occasioned a sudden demand, in the expectation that prices would rise. The goodsmost required, particularly plain nets,were scarce, in consequence ofmuchof the machinery have been adapted to the production of other description of laces, more in request last season. Higher prces are paying for plain nets in consequence of this, anct therates are likely to advance further. A few orders are' yetincoutseof completionfortheUnited States, thetrade' there having been very protracted andextensive this season. There is also a littie doing for Canada. For Gernany the' demand is somewhat considerable- and the home spring trade is setting in briskly. The only complaint we hear is that competition has much limited profits as compared withl past years. Very large orders for yarns and for silks are being placed, in the expectation of risng markets and in anticipation of an enlarged trade. Inthe course of our recent review of the hosiery manufacture incidental allusion -wasmadetothe multiplication or sewing machines. The art of sewing by machinery may nov be classed among the newer branches of our business, for, although every hosiery establishment possesses small sewing machines for minor operations, the production of pantaloon bands and shirt fronts, beautifuly workedl, is now a separate manufacture. MIr. Bardey, under his patent, has a great number of machines in two. factories, some of which keep as many as eight needles rapidly at work under the superintendence of one hand. Hand labour is at press'xt aemploved to set these machines in motion, but shortlythey all will be workedby steam, -Vith apparatus for throwing every needle out of gear at pleasure. The ornamental bands and fronts thus cheaply produced by' machinery are sown to the framework-knitted shurts and drawers, by hand, in the several warehouses in Nottinghasm and Leicester. LEICESTER, En}.'9. The demand for goods for home consumptionhas this week been very flat; indeed, tho trade generaUy is dull, the only exception being, perhaps, the fancy department;* employment is; therefore, becomfing more scarce, and it is f eared that the high price of the rawv material sill occassion a further stoppage of machinery. In thu wool-market the supplies of combmng sorts are scarce, and these descriptions. areiandemand at the late advance. There are still manyt complaints fromn manufacturers that, considering the bigh. pricecof rawt uaterial, a remunerative profit cannot be obtained for goods. Average farmers' lots of wool now sell aft 3;tF. The yarn-market is firm, the late advance being maintained. The report of the directors of Pare's leicestershire Think-. iDg Company states that, after deducting expenses and. making allowance for bad and doubtful debts, the profits of the year amnounted to 20,058I. 17s.5L, outpof which the proprietors had received a dividend of lls. per share, amountzngto 7,425!. LEEDS, FEn. 9. There is a general, though perhaps orly slight improve. ment in the wooUen trade, both in the warehouses and ia. the cloth-halls, and to-day's markets were more buoyant. than for some weels past. There was a numerous attendance of buyers, and in the coloured cloth-hall there was s. brisk business in good black cloths and mixtures. In the white cloth-hall too there was more activity. During the, early part of the week the transactions in the warehouses. were very restricted, and trade was somewhat dul, but. towards the close of the weel there was an evident uim provement, and within the past day or two more buyers. nave been about. The demand, however, for the hometrade is not as yet very active. The quiet character of thetrade generaUy is promising so far as the future is concerned, for there is an entire absence of an unduly specula. tive spirit, all parties trading cautiously in the present state: of affairs, and any unprovement in our foreign relations, by creating stll grcater confidence, canmot fail to result most. favourably. Work continues on the whole very plenKfal, and, wages having undergone no reduction, there is general contentment among the artisan population, who have beerm: enabled to pass through the winter so far with less suffering. than was reasonably anticipated some rnonths ago, and, as four has become much cheaper, the prospects are sach as may be contemplated with some degree of satisFaction. No, doubt, the open weather which has prevailed has enabled. many to obtainabare livdihood, who under greater severityof reason would have suffered acutely, but the absence of anything like intense destitution amongthe artisan population of the district, to any extent, is mainly traceable to a- fair amount of trade and employment. In the wool trade there Las, during the week, been a fairdemand for combing and clothing purposes, and prices are, firm, and, in Engish wool, manifesb an upward tendency. There is not much doing in low wools, the manufacturers. having to some extent provided for the Government orders. for navy cloth given out during the weeX The Bradford trade is pretty active, and at the Thursday's. market there was a good attendance. Combing wools arer. high, and purchases are only made to meet immediate yeguirements. In yarns there is a fair amount of business, and the piece trade is active. In the Hialifax market to-day there was no alteration isa wvorsted and yarn, and no advance could be obtained forwooL. DUBLIN, Fee 9. Trade in all its branches continues without activity. Thepeace prospects strengthen daily, yet business has acquired. no sort of animation. The corn-markets are everywhere tumbling, and considerable reductions in the prices of al kinds of grain fail to promote business operations. Smith-- field, with prices rather higher than last week, was exceedingly dull on Thursday; and in the provision market saleso were too few and trifling in amount to affect, in any way, ,revious prices. The Customs' receipts for the week, toThursday inclusive, were 17,064!, against 34,6401.1ast week. The followin; is an abstract of duties received at the. port of Dublin for the week ended the 2d of February, 1856:-Tea, 18,7271.lOs. 9d.;refined sugar, 1,141l. IOs. 2d. - muscovado sugar, 3,016Z. 7s.; coffee, 2151. 3s. 4d. ; wine,. 2,38. 7s. 5d.; spirits, 666. Is. lOd. ; tobacco, 5,053!. ls. - timber, 145!. 17s. Sd. ; miscelaneous, 741l. 15s. 6d. Thecondition of the share market this week does not invite anyspecial observation. Dealings in shares were rather limited, but prices were generally well maintained. - ning shares,. whichhhadbeengradualyadvancin-'lastweel-and inthebeien-- ning of this, declined i towards t%e close of the week with-. out any positive cause for either an advance or a decline. The property is understood to be inmproving, and the, directorsaretakingactive measures to put the smelting establishmentnatilalycorns,which had mostly proved heretofore a losing concern, into an efficient and promising working, condition. Fior this purpose they have secured the services of Ir. Jenken, an emineut smelter of great experience at homef and on the continent, who is exerting himself most strenuously to bring the concern into an efficient working order. BELFAST, FE. S. Linen.-The linen manufactures of the north of Ireland,. though quiet, have rarel, shown greater evidences of soundness in all their varieties. Iage stocks do not press heavilyon the markets either here or at the chief ports across -theAtlantic. Bleachers have some cause of complaint as tosales for the five or six weeks intervening since Christmas - still there is no disposition to force transactions, and the'. confidence of the trade in the prospects of the coming: season give very firim tone to values. In the fancy depart3ment of the manufacture we may note moderate activity. Damasks. have had a fair run at the leading markets. Diapers are pretty well cleared off, and in the manufactureof shrt-fronts hands have been kept well employed. Brown. markets were not so fully supplied with goods during the, past eight days. Sales went off less actively, the uncertainty of public affairs having given a certain degree of dulness tooperations. These evidences of inaction, however, did not. cause the least depression in rates, nor did holders offer to>make any movementtow;ards lower values. In the brown asinthe white goods' trade there has seldom beeu more confhdeuce with all classes of manufacturers. Yarns are asusual-no change in price; demand is more active; and as we have before stated, the chief difficulty in the vay of' more extended sales is the scarcity of labour at the loom. Flax.-There has been less doing this week, with smallersupplies. In the Armnagh distict about 50 to 60 tons were. offered; and in the Iag-hera, Coleraine, and Cookstown. markets, about a similar quantity. Coarse descriptions werethe turn cheaper, but other kinds maintained former rates. For foreign flax lower rates would be taken, owing to theprospects of peace, but there have been no transactions of any importance. C'otton.-In comnexion with active operations in themarket for raw cotton we find a more satisfactorystate of business in goods and yarns. The latter are not higher in value, but holders are firm, and the a hardening tone to sales. The quantity of oatton~ mnoved last week, was 84,500 bales, of which the trade tool, 58,120. Our reportsftrans Liverpool state that the continuied. tightnsess of the money-msarket int London bad an injuri,ous. effect on sales of cotton, and towards the close of the week. business was uinited chiefly because of the difficulties. createdl by the stringency of the Bankl of England. The' Belfast tra.decontinues ste-ady, with'atendenc to pshpo duction in the uapper description of goods.1BleacedMNI. are rather large in stock at some of the warehouses. The' accumulation, however, miight be cleared off in one fortnight's active sales. Gray goods do not appear larg nbl, and for t-hese theo most of the large houses are underem,b-oM tract. Preparations for summaer tradle go oni e3xtensively., and, onL the whole, prospects of this departmnent of manu-a facture are very f..vourable. Much anxiety is felt on thet peace question. Should the war be satisfactorily arranged, goods and yarns are likely to run up 10 to 15 per cent., -and Prevent rates falling under comparative values of the maate. rial and labour.
RAiLVAY AND MWAVING SHARES. SM^i*ay Evening. Xhe railw a.y-mrkeet wm fi%m and prices in some Caes expenerinced a farthey 4vance. Thc operaticnx, however, wen-- - d' generally extensive. In the lhares of the Adia laud and bankdng corl- panies there were few traMnstions, but quotations j on the average continle to be well supported. Canadas Ld were negotiated at 130 and 131, aud left off 127 to 132. Mining securities were Plirly austained, with a moderate amount of business., ank of RIEgYpt shares were quoted 4preTnium; WYestern Bank of London, 2 to 2t premium; Periaam'ouco 1Rai1way, ;t to premitumn; and Niational D)izcount Comupany, 1 to premilum. -On;D1XA1Y SbHAIiES AsN STOOKS.
HALE'SH ONSTER BOCKETS. TO THE EDITOR. OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Sone time since I informed you that large rotary rockets, without sticks, were being prepared by command of the War Department for immediate tiial, and that the public might soon expect to know the result. I can now state that a trial has very recently been made with a number of these stiekless rockets of various sizes, from 12-pounders to 100-pounders, for the purpose of testing their range, preparatory to a grand expenment, now ready to be made. The report proved this trial to be perfectly satisfactory and con. elusive, as the rage- of these rockets, which was accurately taken by special order, was found to exceed that of any rockets hitherto constructed. It should be rememberedthat projectiles of a great calibre require very weighty gums or mortars, which are only of use in discharging the shot or shell, being otherwise a great encumbrance, employing- a great number of men and horses in their worklng and carriage, and incurring such an enormous and unceasing expenditure, that if an average were taken of all the incidental expenses attending heavy ordnance the sum would be almost incredible. Whereas all the apparatus required for the rockets I have above alluded to is so light and convenient that the entire rocket-frame and tube, witlh everythinused in the discharge of a 100-pounder, may easilybe carried by one man. Whether this long-negIectea aim of warfare will not now be made in a great degree to supersede the necessity of employing so many unwieldy and expensive machines as are at present used by the artillery is an interesting question, and one particularly deserving public attention. I am, Sir, your very obedient servant, S. L.
THE QuEFme's U-.,-vHsxs-y Di IiRaELiN-.-A light blue-hook, pubIished on Wednesdaty, contains a report on the condition and progress of the Queen's Uniiversity in Lreland, addressed to the Lord-Lieutenant of that kigdom, by Mr. Manicre Brady, the Vice-Chianecelor of thelIsi tution, and at present Lord-Chancellor of Ireland. The report, which is dated last September, states that certain examinations for degrees anid diplomas were holden between the 19th of September- and the 4th of October, 1854, which ,wereprincipally conductedlby printed papers These examinations resulted in t'he admisson (on the Ilth of October. 1854, at St. Patrickes-hall, Dublin Castle, of 30 studenits to the degree of B.A., seven to that of XIL, three to that of LLD., and one to the degree of L.L~B. -In the cornet~ition for hionours t2 were successfnL. We are sorry to add that 14 amnong the entire list for candidates for degrees were rejected, as not sufficiently qualified-. The Senate, having, considlered that art instruction might be beneficially introduc-ed into the cutri-iciuz,n of the Queen's colleges, exrsed their views to the Conuiittee of the Board ofTrde, in hope that thep Depactmnent of Science and Art vwould be enabled to give effect to their views. It has been found desirable to extend the period of study of studenits in arts over a greater number of years thani three. Two draught bills for Medlicsl efoerm. were submitted to the Senate for their opinion, for the information of the Engllsli Rome-office, and the report of the Senate urged the ex-pediency of repressing emipiricism by establishing one uniform system of medical education and examination as a miai,iun test of knowledge, while, at the same time, the Seniate recommended the publication of one uniform pharsnacopre*~ andI the establishlunent of a due systemt of registration. It appears that %3661. wouldhe required to defray the expenses of the University for the year ending the 31st of Mfarch, I85. The total number of degrees conferred since the erection of the University in 1852 has been, 26 of M.D., 18 of A.M., 77 of B.A., 2 of LLB., 8 diplomas of agriculture, and 6 of elementary law. In the Faculty of Arts three courses of study are prescribed, the first of wvhich includes Greekand latini, the English andI modern langttages, and maathematics ; the second, logic, chymistry, zoology, and botany, and thelhigher mathematics; and the third, natural philosophy, history, andl En-lish literature, physical geography, metaphysics, or j'urisprudence and political economy. Sea-oral of the examinmation papers are appended to the repot, ad th quetion gen~y ap~rto be of the class dennuntedby ndegrauats a "silE As in the case of he nivrsty f, ondn,a sparteexamination of a veryseachig caracer,is equredfor the degree of Enscos'xe ANDm CAprruLALR RsT&Tms Bixa.-The Ma-rquis of Bland.ford, MP., and Mr. G*. Butt have renewed a bill to make a better provision for the mianagement of episcopal and capitalar estates. They propose, after January 1, 1857, that all the profits of suich estates shall be received and mnanaged by theFecclesiatical Commissi-on-ers. The latter will enter.into an agreeneiet with bishops as soon nA their (episcopal) real estates become subject to the management of the commission for the paymient of incomes. A commnittee of the Ecclesiastical Comimission, to be called the "Episcopal Estates Committee," wvill have the charge .and management of allt'hevestedaestates. This committee will consist of a triad of muenabers, viz., the First Church Commissioner, a lay mnember, tolbe appointed by the Queen, and s third, to be namaed by the bishopxs. The second ana third miembers of the committee winl receive salaries of 1,4X)Of. Existing bishops may make arrangements 4affecting future ones. Bishops may ~talce and fernri lands nlot exceedinq 100 acres. The commissoners maay, in certain cases, place tithes under the bishoe controL. Deans andl cha ters of cathedrxsb are required to furnish the EcclsiticalCrmnAissloners with sttements of their entire ch'argesand outgoings, to be certified by the visitor.of tho cathedral anhd, when the correctness of such statements has been~ esta- eclld to the satisfaction of the commisnoner's, provison' wil be miade for the payment of such charges, &c. The deans andl chapters wil also supply a return of moneys received by them, and the dleficiency 'wil be mnade good by thecommissioners. After three years the management of real estates maay, if the dean and chapter require, be transferred to coprtons aggregate. S IHE HARMioHI Soonrsy -1r. Cosri'aor-atorio EZi, whiceh created so much initeresqt at the last Birminghamn Festival, will ha prfornmed for the firs't timue in London. at
UNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. (W?MRMCIR P- 0 At the adjournment of the poll at 4 o'clock this afternoon the numbers were:- Walpolo ..8 . ... ... ...86 Dennan . ... ... ... ... 419 A meeting took place at Mr. Deznans committee-room at half-past 4, when he said his own iutpression was that he ought no longer to continue the contest, ae it 'Was putting his friends to inconvenience to serve no purpoa.. A short discussion ensued, vwhen it was determined, with only one dissentient voice, to signify MIr. Denman's retirement from the contest. Mr. Dewnan offered his cordial thanks to his supporters, and hoped that on some future occasion their efforts might be crowned with victory. This was responded to by loud cheers. The undergraduates are in a very ill humour at having been excluded froni tle Senate-house since Thursday. They are impressed with an idea that they have a right to enter the Senate-house. In this they are mistaken. Their exclusion aroso from tho impediment which they caused to the polling, as vill be seen by tho following document:- " Ve, the undersigned, having been engaged with the Vice-Chancellor in receiving and recording the votes in the Senate-house on Thursday, the 7th, the first day of the election, offer to tho members of the Senate our testimony tbat, in consequence of the noise made by the persons in the galleries, it Wa3 impossible for us to hear the Vice-Chancellor when hc read the names and desi"nations of the voters; and that, in our opinion, the Vice-ChancUllor could not do otherwise, in the discharge of his duty, than take effectual means for the prevention of this inconvenience. "J. PULUIN;, D.D. "AnRsTHUR WOnLF', Senior Proctor. "JOII S. WOOD, Junior Proctor. "JoOSxP1i ROaLLY, Rcgistrary. "G. 31ADDISON, "E. R. TRED, I "J. M. CROKER, Scrutincers. " CIIURCIIILL BAIMSDOTH, "W. M. SN ELL, J "TJouw PowiEn. "1Josew Lasurn. " Senate-house, Feb. 9, 1856." Lord Stanley paired off in favour of Mr. Walpole, with Mr. F. Peel, Under-Secretary for War. THEOLOCG.ICL Em%IINrTsOo.-FEmL 7. lotie, is hereby given that the next theological examination will begin on Tuesday, April 1, at 9 o'clock in the niornian That each candidate is required to enter at Messrs. Deighton, Bell, and Co.'s on or before Saturday, Mlarch S :-1, his name in full; 2, his college; 3, his degree and year of degree; 4, the courses of divinity lectures which he has attended. The order of the examination wvll be as follows:- (9 to 12 Historical Books of the Old TestaTuesday, .4 ment. 1 - 4 Greek Testament. Wedlncsady, 9 -12 Articles of Religion. Wednsdlay, I 1 - 4 Liturgy of the Church of England. Thursday, 9 -12 Ecclesiastical History :-The First Three Centuries and the Reformation in England. Additional examination of candidates for honours:- Thursday, I to 4 TheFirst Epistle of ClemensRomanus. 9-12 Greek Testament, and Septuagint-The Book of Genesis. 1- 4 Butler's Analogy, part 1. Friday, Pearson on the Creed, Article 2. Paley's Hora Paulina-Introductory chapter and chapter on the Epistle to theBlomaUs. Saturday, Hebrew-The Book of Genesis.
TmI Loss OF TH JosErunWn WIres.-Aceording to the evidence of Hester Clayton. the chief mate of the Josephine Wills, the ship, bound for New Zealand, left Gravesend on Sunday morning the 3d, put her pilot on shore at Deal at about 5 p.m., and stood down Channel with fie weather and a fair wvind S.E. or S.S.E. Ata little before 8 o'clock sho wav off Folkestone, distant less than two leagues. She must then have been on her port tack and on the wind, for, with the wind at S.S.E., she must have had some southing to makc to weather Dungeness. This is an important poInt, as it lixes the only thing the ship could do to avoid colision upon meeting another vessel directly in hler path, and for wbich epedient the other vessel ought, therefore, to bare been prepared accordingly. When the Mtaugerton was seen rapidly approaching end on, and by her lights ascertained to be a steamer, there was no alternative -but the rcancenvre resorted to, namely, starboarding the bhlm to throw the ship up in the wind. To bearup uander the bows of the approaching steamship was out of the question, for the ship, with her sails trimmned, as they must have been, would not have fallen offin time to make room for the steamer to pass to windward. To describe the matter in untechuical terms, the Josephine, seeing the 3laagerton coming straight upon her, had not the choice of an escape right or left. She could only go to the left with any chance of safety, and to the left she went. For this the Mangerton ought to have been prepared, as a necessity of the ship's position; but by some extraordinary carelessness or want of judgment she went to the right when the other vessel in the opposite direction went to the left, and thus the fatal collision followed. As soon as possible after the shock the Mlangerton backed astern out of the wreck she had made, and moved off to a distance, rated by Mfr. Clayton at half w mile, and by John Sheen, a seaman of the Josephine, at hlu a leagne. Mr. H. Ray, a, passenger, states that the distaisoe between the M,anerton and the wreck of the Josephine was such as to take the beat in which he escaped half-an-hour to make the trip. To keep clear of the wreck was quite right on the part of the masterof the Mrangerton, the safety of all in bothvessels depending on that step. but an interval of a cable's length wonidhaveput the Maiigertonas muchoutofdangeras an interval of half a league, or any distance that ean h3naneod. Humanity required that she should lie by as close as possible, consistently with safety, to tho sinking Josephine. The very sight of the steamer near at hand would have comforted and eneouraged the poor people on the wreck, and stimulated their exertions for self-preservation. What despair mnst have been in the blank spac when the steamer disappeared I And, above all, had the Xlangerten stopped ber engne wsooner, and kept near the wreck, there would have been time for the lifeboat, which was serviceable, to make repeated trips, and thus to save many of the lives which were miserably lost. As it was, only 26 e%caped, and more than 70 souls perished. When Sheen urged the captain of the langerton to go back to the wreck, he answered that he must first lighten his vessel forward and pump her. Thismay have been necessary, for. if her fore coompartment was full of water, it m ay have brought her so much down by the head that she could not be moved through the water without danger. Batuthe question is, why he removed himself so far off? Why, when clear of the wreck, -did he not stop as near as he could lie by her without peril to saielives? Charges of conduct as unfeeling as unman~ nerly arebrougt against the master, but of these weY woald not say anything until we have his defence. Priw4 facie thereare two bad cases against the langertou-the manage. ment which caused the collision, and the conduct after it, leaving the people on the wreck to perish without any effor to succourthern. If the terrible catastrophe bh traced to double misconduct-careleness in the first instance in the look oit, and inhumnam in the second, in neglectin; to save the lives which h! -5so culpably been brought nto jeopardy, a most sovere example is requisitefor public safety n ends ot jw-e.-Rzami7zcr.
T!VH CORN rnADg, . 3EJV'ERPOOI,:* . 9. IThe setemns 0f sowes Of British, wheait, as Pa C? O Sk ortewe ending the lst Inst. are 80,590 quarters at 7ie, lad per quarte cos- 9,600 barrels andS3,30ltsaeksof flour, 4,700 quastersof oats and ZMoo loads ofoattseaL. Business baa been withiout activity of deceased, but the downwardmnovement in Price would seem to balre receiveda checkWe had a lair attendance of millers And deaers at our Corn-excl&aansa yeterday. The display ofsamiplee of wheat and flour -was erm 3ea are, anud maaybuycrs left us writh a feeling of dlsappolnfsnent, seine Considered prlceaeomewhateasler, andothers ratherhetter; butwiths a6 moderato business prices for all articles of the trade (excepting Indian corn,which was 6d. per quartet lower) may be rendered manch Ason Tuesday last. The buyers require that the recently-quoted reduction in prices should be submitted to; but in reality we bare not a. * tock of what miller call usable wheat to mneet any demand of conseqLuence Prtices firm to-day. Il ete sexceedingly mild, and thu young cropswelom almost too Promising, considering the likelihood of keen frosts and wOinds following. It, however, is weleoooeto the green crops, in consmequnce ot their scarcity. owing to the failure of turnips and the d1eas' nessof other food for cattle andesheep The result otthi s sthat both beef andimutton are lower in priecs, farmers being compelledto force sales. Respecting the past month, Mr. TiUiery, of Welbeck, wAitingg on the 5th lust., says,- "January was an exceedingly changeable mouth, mtn, snow, keen frosts, andit the mildness of srin aljternating throttghout its worse. The flet week wass very: mild,an nearly an inch of rain fell, afterwardsasevers frost echo, winc lastedonlYafew days On the 20th the tlsermometer rechled 40 deg.. and a deal of ran ins foil on the 214t amounting to above an inch and a-half. which mae quite afltood in ryerm and brooka. Rain fell altogether on 13 days,% sand snow showers en two days, the tota amount of water reg istered by the rein tago being 3 inches 13 parts, or nearly doul teusoal average, 2. t erar en usually the driest mnonths in the year. The tahenno.meter was highest eoc the 24th, 48 deg.; and lowrest onx the morning of the 14th, 15 dLg. The range of the barometer weas vary *great in the mnooch, the higsest, S0 drg. 41 mhic., occuTring on the 13th, a nd lowest, 2i deg. 8 min., on the 24th,-a slifferenre ofIl deg. 65 ruin The metan temiperature of the mionth, takeu froem 124 obeerrationsg, was nearly 4 dleg. above the average. Owing to the extreme changes in the temperature in January. the eal onweat on some sells in nut looking Soewell as it did amooth bakbut, should a favourable spring ensue, it will soon recover. Ha-d thRe been a ood covering of snow en the ground d the severe frust in the mniddle of the mnonth, little osr no injury could havea happened. There aesomecwinplainteaofturnips rottinigandnot keeping so well as usual in the fields, but only on Wet, undrained lend. Every k-ind of out ofidoor operations in Srild and gaens is progressing sntisfactorily. the frosty weather hating been taken advant-age Of in leading maneres and compofts to where they were wanted. Potatomes ar stil uIetifull supplied in the xmakets, and wrerather lower in price. tobepllantetla3soonasthcweatherpermits, tokeeupaoedsup,l iniJune andJuly. Should the blessings ofpeacebe relized. ombined withaafasvourable sea%sonfor the cropa,'~M e~LLthp*c of acheaper ioaf for thepoormian. ,teetllb tls tepopc The siupplyof wheat at our mark,et to-daywas essi.and theseamplei mostly in had condition, saad only saleable at a declineo a2so. per quarter ; -white fen dry qualities being scume nea'rly aupportedl their previous value. A fairsupply of barlcy, whichssoldoat a decline of Is. per quarter. In eats and beans no alteraton. The present prices of grain andlflour in 2ottingham are afollowe:Th.to te. ; new,7Y2s. toYls. Barley,for mailting, 38.-.to 44s,perquatee; forgrinding, Six, to 39s. Oats.,old,32&o to3siper24stcue;nmw 29o, to The.. Beans, old, 53,. to YS,~ Per 58 stone; new, 43s, to 453, Flour, super, 5ie, to6ise. per20stsoue; fine, 53so to56s. DERBY, Eva. 9. The weatlher has been very cha'ngeable during tbepastreek, We hear complaints from seine of the farmers thatwiehat has suffered from the lain severe frosts; should, however. the spring be favourable, the crops will speedily recover. The prico of fat atoeek has undergone no alteration during the week, At WVirksworthc fair there wras a good show of cattle, andl both miUch cows and fresh ban-en onuawero aready sale. Th'esheepfalr oatsmal; storesrealiged lateprices ;fatshrep, 5Sxd. per lb. At our own fat stock market the supply was good, and he trade mni( very brisk. There was also a goodshow of cheep and pigs. Beef, &L1 to 051k ; mutton, &,1d. to 7(1,; veal, 7(1. toad.A perlb. At our corn-market yesterdaly the chow of wheat was moderte and the attendance of farmiers and millers tolerably tnuemerus. For the best samples of 'wheat last week's Prices wrere obtained, n hile inferior serts were a trifle lower, In barley (of which them was a fair quantity onoffer) there eras a reduction of Is. per quarter upon the quotations of Last week. Oats nmaintained last week's prices, andithcem was no atteratlon la the Price, of beans. White wheat, 78e, to SDe.; redl, 7oin to 75o. ;barlry. 3sin to Me. ; oats1 S0s, toSO5s. ;beaus, 4rs. to54a pe quarter. At Worksop there nsra good supply of wheat and a numerous attendanice of farmaers, Diet little grain, however, changed hands, fanners being unwiliUng to submit to the reduction sought by the Millers. Wheat may be quted a".1t Is, toS,. per lOAd of three bushels lower than last weeki. In barley there was a reduction of Is. to 2sper quarter. W1heat, 29s. to S0O3. per load; barley, Sin, to lOs, per quarter. LErOETEul Etan 9. Since oar last report the weather has been uscneasonably mild. The young wheat. on the whole, looks tolerably well, althoughx them are complaints that the recent severe weather has caused some slight injury. Therebhas this wee!kbeen adecline in the price of fat eteelt At our mark-et the beef trade ruled foil at recedling prices. For mautton the demand was slew, Beef, 5_d tlitty; mutton, Ed,to 7d. p,rib, At our corn-mark-et this mornbing there was a tolerabld show of wheat, some of which was out of condition. The aLttendance of farmems and millers was numerous, In wheat the trade ruled rather dull at a reduction of is, to 2so, Per quarter upon the rates of last week. Barley a modlerate supply and unchanged in value. Oats Wer in suninl suPply-and maintained the prics of last week, The ahcia of beans was limited, and this description of grain sold at the prices of 'adstweekt, White wheat, 7Is. to 7Oe; red, Tie, to Yi; bariry, Sigto 4in Oats, S03. to Ste.; beans, lie, to 5in Per quarter; fine flour, 5Ee, to 57e. ; second 5s, S thirds, l2e. to 53s. perSfl steno. T&NOG0012, Fret 9, During the past week a good dealeof raCin has fallen, and the rivers andl ponds have again risenbtothe height they wer three jeer ago. On thewhole, the past hasbeentaheayrymonth. Thoyoung-wheatewar looking hbealthy and strong, there having been sufficient nmoisinre to settle the soil firnly round the plant, Tlxis year, on the border of the fans, therebhas been les-s aedscoihnspera oemthanusual, but thegrowing crops look, quite thiick enough. Sowing sced mere abundantly too oftenservesto coverdefectivecultivation,and thin seding will be.considered a test of good farmsing, and, should the crop prove plentiful the quality tll be fine. Of late the moist weatherhas been advrseto thirashing, but every favourable inters-alhas been taken advantage ofL Sffny samplezxlssve, however. depreciated in vsjue through the damnp. nets of the weather. Turnips are fast disappearing, and the condition of sheep improving. The wages of oner ageindixtral labourers ore from Uls, to lOs, perwrek-, and whenthe weatherperinits of out-door operations they are in great demand. The wages of boys and women ame also good. The prices for fat ste,ak re slihtly declining, At Lincoinmarket titers st-a an aveirage chew of beasts andI a goodsupply of sheep. Beef realized Ye. id. to 7s. a1 per stone; mutton. GdL to Old. per lb. At 'eterborough the show of sheep was very large, the better descriptions bieth realized late quotations, Beef was slow of sale. Beet, Ye. lfto Ys. &L1 per stone; pork, Ye. to 7e, Ed per stoen; mutton Gd, to -(,, per psaird. At Yoston the supply of stecep was good, sand price ruled -eowes, CAL, and wethers, 7d1, Per lb. AtL our cern-market yesterday the show of-wheat wasmenall, anld the amount of busines traneacted hut limited. There was a mtah attendanceof farmners andmiillers and the trade ruled dull, at aredluction in wliuat of 2so. to Ss. per quarter upon the qulotations of last wee, t tisdelin frmrs er unilin seles,Barley wasa slow sale, at a reduction of ls, to 2s. per quarter. Oat. were ao to 3so, per quarter cheaper, and in beans the decline was abouit the samie. Xew white wheat 77s, to 793s. ; eld white, Yin. to 0sin; newi red, Y2, to Yin; old. TIes, to Tie.;- molting barley, 5Sb. to 3ie. per imperial measure; grinding barley, disn to 3se. per Si atone. Old oats, 29s, to Wse.; new, 2is.to 27sN,peri2-ietone, Old beains,.3s. too5is. ;azew, 42so to 4isn per 3Sistone. Flour 5ie, to 5ie super flour, 5Ys. to Sgs. per Si stone. DONCASTERt, FMet 9, The 'weather this week, bus been unusually sold andi 6Jpm for the time oftboyear;,thet iernometerbhas stoo atiupwards of 0odecres (Ftairescheitl in the daytime sines Monday, and to-dsy rose to So degrees, Theyoeagwhcest pimihas been coDsidemably stiinulatedby this increased temperature, and now looks remaralmbty well, though it in getting too forward if severe frosts should occur late in the spring. Oar farmers are preparing their lands for the next ermps andI will be-gin to sow beans in a week or two. There has beenot heavy and conntmuousdepression in the wheat trade la the Yorkshireimrk-ets this week. The supplies, though net large, liars been more liberal than miight have been expected after the fall of last week, but tht amount of business donte has been comparatively smalL, Buiyer and selleiam aralko unecrtalnuwhat to de pending the negotiations for peace, andI the latter seem strongly impresesd writh the conviction that uinder any circumsatances prices cannot permanently recedemuch lower than theyaam Theogrowsersare in aposition to doa good dealtowassrd alsUing their own expectations, for reryfewoftthem arein immedfiatewant of money, and the pre-.-alentbelief among them sathat they can, by holdingoef for ashort time, sustainricespretty welluptonextharvest. Onthe other hand, the buyers are anticipating another considerable falleon the signing of the preliin:darics ofpeace,and they believe that the supplies from AAnericm and from theBlaltiep)ortswnillafterwards keep the price of wheat from rising above the level it may take onL the conClusion of the war, There are very few who seem to apprehend a collsion with America. The Mlonday markets in this. parter the country chewed a reduction of in to ris. Perquarteronlastweek'squotationsforwheat. AtLeods,Xewcastleanud Sheffield onL Tucsday the decline wa rather greter, the trade being in a very unsettled state, though at Hull, on the samve day, a more free sae, at a reduction of in to in. per quarter, was reportess. On Wednesday the markLets were as fully depressed, sand in some instances moreso than on the previousdeay. At Stockton-on-Tees thesupply was large, and therews a reductiMtofIs. to Ce.per quarter. Atyitnarsliorough there was arn average supply, but a very heavy Wie, at a reauetion of Is.to 53,AtNorthallerton, with ahlberalsupply,the pucerfeI ix. to 9s, perkqoarter. At Guisborough, Hoviughiam, Barsuley, Market sVelgbton, and Blarnard Caello there wea a marked reduction. On, TXhursday there wus little or no improvement, At Ripen prices receded 4s. to Ge. Per quarter; at Scarborough the busines done was almost rnomina,1 there being aMntica unWillingness onU the piart of bothbheatre and sellers to do anything. At Wakefield, on Friday, theme were some synmptomnsof firmnsess the extremie depression not exteetaig Se Per quarter, and hue few seller would concede that There arenotmany quotatiounthis week, but what wehavegchow thle range of petcto havebe,enfrom abouttYin to Ss,per quarter. The barley trade has experienced a good deal of stagnation, An adtoaloalteratttn. of priics is noted. at onxly three markets up toWesinesday, and in these cases there has been a reductione oris. to So. per quArter. Atali our 6her markets there has beent either nothingdolng or no alteration in theo previous figures, rishae ane from SEe. to 4,2s, Mr qluaTrte,eabaerne In all other descriptions of sring corn tra ctions have been vry limited. sAdbea%s oats, and pes have aikc Pariipated in the depreSsion existing nthMwheat tmdc. The reduction in the value or beaus is set down at is, to 2S. per quatr at two markets, Oats also have aillen in value to tho same extent at four m Market Pes are quoted is-Per quarter lower in one intance, and are scarcelynotied inanyother. Prices during the week:-Beans, WI t o,* 0s, 225s toSs,;rpeas,4DtoS3 nlooerhasgonedown3 persck. At our marlet this morning there was a ful average chow of wheat Fresh arrivals-were only to a limited exttnt, bat a good dea was lt. oveefromlast weelr Tber was a pretty numerous tatdanop a buyers Millersandfactor swere not abhte supply theomr vesa the rtes they expecd from the general heaviness in the tr ado and& t excess of the spply last Saturday. The reports from Iondos,fiAvrpool, andWakefield were more encoaraging to bolder2j andibey declined to submit to cayv reduction. This frn-es cItF seXed the trade, andlrendered samres less easy topchse tban last week at the nine inteo, The parcels which changed hands wCre tr, supply Imnediato exigentes and the market cdosed with ramy samnA,les unsold although with a decidedlf rnner totLe othe pt of hol er. ThrMewaS asir chiow of barley in the stauds, auda good many inquiries for the best qualities, TevalueoofthearticlobaddeeldrAlysaupwardtendency, though the actual improvement catablilsed was not sufficient to enhance qnaetiona The trde in banaw s infesivr, and ales could ocilyboeqectedata reductiono ofdtoVxI.per load (Is 4d. to 2esd.Bper qwster). Good oats commended full rices, but inferiorsorts we2d±d,Ltto quit. 1STse te'logw:t L re o ur qotatdls tSo :-l-ew whreat, 21. -to 2b. per load of thres, imperia buhels; fins Ige. to VIL.; old wheat, 26s, to3ls. ; fine, 31,. 80.3..; bla4eea,ls.,to 255 lMe, 275.; rye, its, to 20..; fine, 22L - new beang 16s. talk- fin, b.tol; ldbens. iSe tor ll. l.gryesxe Thes. r hitepeasth Iof theyoung wheats plOs. to IGs.l psi' qarer tber'rlet OlOt. to ?.; butin th rey 34d atnoIsphr ;adne, 4th. sto dii ucii avragn, islinkel tis dameek:measue to in4-. 4L are in -h, wther raid rothm oft the you in o het pbe aturl bek~b weater aouldturndry,ther wil notbe uch occasion for fear. The opinlion isganing groundo( the clrctainty%jpec, dmn inrerswhro have held stoek irml aebusily engaged in thr_Ashing, ent order to joritothomarkctitse,u ifp nccs. ,uu this -the s,nas in the Exchange tda-fyweebtrdltas Ilat week. but we hadt to notlee a acarcityo Ofin r ht h. -hile parels oeta seODndary Character weetlzM l Inis~A brisk demandfollowed upon the op.nn of thiakt n datg was takemof itto aetthefellierxnsof litweek. The clnn ,w eTer, while wiling to buy, ahowwed a full determination not to xeto the term asked. -hich wer e to th. tha a weelk ago. The low stocks at the mills led tt, an egrl de, mand for theobest white ~ac l,aauintbesethere wascrcl any variation in Pricee, though perhaps they must be saia to have,bome easier topurehase.No5tsowith thesecondaryd esrptiona. tosellheldees felt that theymust gire unyad at lata goo deal of business *aS done at a reduction of 2s. to 3e. pe quarter. WhiWte wheatk draJms fine. sold at tis ; a little exmeardiarlly tie fetchod as muchas $*S; thegemersi rawsof wbite sold atGils. toO8ls.; old red at 78& ; an,dilewr dito, 6G5. to 743. per unarter. F-inemalting barley cmen to hand in veryllmlted quantltiesAst though it was sought with eagerness, the stellr were unable to obt~irt any advance onour last terms. The descriptions sutable foepuidn4'g ad distilling were in good sUpplY,stillso dePreedIxwas business ~tha bereported asharing receded Is. to Is.per quarter. The quetAtioe s6re-maltings barley. 3ks to i2h. ; distilling, II., to ads. arsi gii&ing, 27s. tolls. Theoaut stands shoeLd again aliberalspply, andthe beaviocasbo._ ticcaleien other departmnentsgof the tradewas Observable here,26adnak sales couldabeeffected butsta reductionof iL.to2Ig.per quarter.- The figures weee-old oats, 27s. toMLs; new ditto, 1ts, toOts3. I Of the beans on wale many wer imuch out of cendition and trade for alU sorts vas lingud,3 an a decline ot fully I2. per quarter occurred. Good old grgliAhbeanssld at Os.to 3s.; new, ditto, 355 to 4k. EMytian, old, 3Gs. to ils.: -ditto, split; lOs. per quarter. Few delersonly cared to boy, othatsrtUersbuo alteruati,reb tt accept the -prices offerd, which, on an Average, wrere lis to ii per qear ter lower than this day ae'unight. White Uboing pm'eastchoa 4k c 403., sadaume as much as, 4-7s .; gra dito RO.s6, to 41s; Maple d'tt 44s per quarter. The fleur tnide lias again reledI heavy. and our mI11ers Lave eiid. snottier reauetton of s. per sack, breinga fallof Ss. in afoeuight.. Ths prices are-households, Oils. ; and seconds, 043. pe sack of 23DTh. A depression in the cern trade haS been manifeseddurin theiseli week in all the markets inL this county and in townms of other coiuities adiaccatto Beading. On Monday last the trade for wheat wasleep dull and prices declined from Is, tot4s. per quarter; harley was &s. pee quarter cheaper. and other corn couldi not be sold unleas at a reduction Priosm wer 6fs. to tie. for wheat, and r2s. to 4ils.forbarley. On Tues. day, at Wokingham, trade was heary in the extreme, and prics fell 7e. tots.. for whecat, andl Is. to 4s. for barley. At Faringdon, ontlie aints day, wheat sank &s. toSs. per quaurter -anothergranlnThprzuportinc,, O'n WefcdneTl at vWantage there Was verylittle dispoiltion eithxer thr btly or sell;: however, wheatwms 39. to 4s., and bsarley Is. per quarter loe.At Hungerforsl, on the samneday, but little wheat couldhab sold, ed that only at arestuction of Is.to4s. er quarter. h±ilaaing. s,tole, aso, on that day,wheatiunderwent areduction of4s.to Gs, And - harley, oats, beans,and peas each Is.to2ls,per quarter. OuThucSdy* aLt Newbury market, the trade was in a depressed sltat, wheat wag Is. to Os. lower, good harley scar-e, but stil it was Iz. per quarter lower. At Henley, outhe same day. the, demand for wheat was languid. and ,eller submitted to a reduction of 4s. per quarter; mnalting baile maiatatn,Wtits Irice, but econdnry qualIties were As to Is., and oia,, es,cAns, adpeas s. to Os.perqnartercea-per. On Friday,at Wallintford, the trade assuinesta mere settled character than in the previixus wek,sill pricsm for wheat were Is. to 4s. lowrer, and the hfghest figura did nutexoceed tile prquarter. Thebhaley trade was slack.and was Is. toils. cheaper, while oats, beans, and peas were neot mere than 'F. per quarter cheaper. GLOCEOTEIt, Fxa, 9. We have bad one cargo of 'Wheat from Alexandria this weelk andE further receipts of oats fkrom IrelzurisnIoUatnttos b upwards of 0.303 barrels The trade has been in a depressed state, anid the quotationg to-day show a further decline. Przices are an follow :-English white wIset, LOs. to -,Os. per quarter; and redl, Gs to Gis. i -orclgn'- Den.tiol andwhidte Geunemessee 0& to tie. ; choice Danube, SOL .te* 8'2s.,; Pomemanian, S2s. to 803.; Brailow, 74s. to 70s. Englishmaaltftr barle, lO3s. to 37s., and grinding, lO2. to Sts. pe quarter; Irish, 13s,to Its.; Englis beans, 4CS. to 44s. for niew ; nd dO5. to 47s.'pee quarter for old; French and Egyptian, 44s. to 46& ; Irish oats, 27,,. to ills. CAL per h12b. and ills. to 27s. for bteck; peas, 5ils to Ok. Per qrarter. LastGlocester average price of wheat, £3 i3s. lII&1. pe qUartEr. The local mark-ets are all lower. At Cheltenham, on Thursday', theP fallwa s . per quarter. At Tewk.esbnry. onL Wednesday, tire aUPplj wvagiinited, andthe deeline3s. to 43. per quarter. Old wheat, Os. 4d. tos. s,3d.. and new, 7s. 1I0. toOs Gd.I per bushel ; zaltiug harley, 4s.tss 4s.O6L., and grindfing. Is. 9d. to 4-. CIL ; English Oats, Is Gd.C to 4s., ari Irigb, I3. 31 .to Is. Gd; Englishbeas Os. Gd.o toGs. 3d., and forrlga4 5s. to s~. &I; bollng peas, 7s. to 7s.Gd. and hog, 5s. to Ss. 6. per bushel. At Stow-un-the-Weld theoavrageswcre:-lvbeat. £13115.GIl. per quarter; and barley, £1 Is OI pe.r quarter. WOitOZESTEI, Fzn. 9. After three days! Atmost, incessant rain, we hare had tD-da-nafltt brilliant weather, isth a brisk- wind, wirichin rapidly drying the surface of theland. The mark-etto-day wasquite-1-Iw-nlast we,ek; indeed,. a further decline had to be submitted to in meet caqses in ordler to effect rsales. English white wheat, Is. to Is. Gd., and red.IS. to 9s. 20. Vper bushel; meltingbarley, 43. 4d. to 4s. GIL, and distilling. 43. to 45. 4d.; new Engih beans, Ga. and old,Os Gd. 6 perhbushel ; Englishi oats, 4. and Irish, Is. 100. per 3lib. ; white Peas, Is. to Is. Gd.. and grey,O. &O G tof.C.; vetehes, 9s. Gd.to Ils. per busheL.-,St Worcestraers'caSes.. W ,heat, £3 Ita&s. (Ld p er q uar ter ; an d barley, LITI. li. - The neighboturing markets have ali been depressed. At Kiddermnuster, on Thursday. there was a good supply of wheat. whi,h sold slowly atils. per quarter decline. Mlalting barley plentiful: but littlsesld, although offeredat2Os. per quarter lesmoney-tban last week. At wolverhampton. on Wednesday, wheat declined 4s. per quarter, and milles reduced the retail erice of flour Is 4r1. per sacE Atflrrornsirae-markct the v-alue of wheat Was much depre&5ed., are! saes were made at Os. Gd. to be. 4d. per Gillb.; melting barley. 43. 4d. to 4s, 80 perbushel; oats, 113. to 15s. Per eight score; old beans, lOs. Pr 2Ds., and new. l7bs. to iBs. per 0 score 10RPW1dH,PFam 9, The weather li ar gain undEargone a change, the frost laving disappeered, and giveniplaco to mild, thougb ratherdamnpweat'her. Tha young wheats continue to presentsa favourabieappearance. Here to-day the transactions were limited, the millers and factors being by no means aemious buyers, end the farmersbringnuTiralling tie accede to any redaction. Trices of wheat ween rery irrgula; but thre business effected was generally dsue ata decline of Is. to 4s. Per quarter, the best.white realixd755.pe*r quarter alywa eeal Is. toils. per quarter lower. butthe tine qualitiCSTC3lizcdlaSt wOeek' prices.Inoeats,beans-,and peaslittle doing, with a downwWardten.- deny. Prices :-Wbcat, whits (weighing Gill,.to Glb.), 743, to TOs. ditto, red(weighing Dub. to Glib.), 70ls.to 74s. ; barley, moalting (weighving 111. to 13th.). UsItD,t 40s. ; ditto,distillig (weighing 500Th. lt 511Ibj. 143. tollS.': Oats, Its. to lOs. per quarter. Latest Averages-.- Wheat, 2,791 quarter, 755.50.L; barley, 7.417 quarters$s, ls. 80; ryei il0 quarters. 5ls; beans,0 5quarters, tis.; Peas, S.' Q-aters. 433. COLCH.STEII, Pam. 9. The supplies have continued large at the insrkefs Of the county thls ,week, but the wreather has effected the saPles so much as to render ninny unfit for the miller, and the downward tendency forwiieat hat beenunc,hecked. lotwitlistadiug the rePort of rather Morelimriness at -Mark-lane yesterday, the business here to-daY has been dull aladecline of Is. to Is. upon latepIrice for wheat ; and barley also. whera sae,s wereprese, weexLdto Is.cheaper. W.ite wheAt, ils.to'TIs. red, Is. to ls. ; barley, 33s. to 3D-_s. oats, 04s. to 26lls.; beans,I$3.. to tOe.; vhite peas, Oi0s toOts. , At Chielmdfrd yesterday the suppnly of wheat was much larger than basbeen seen o so'2metime past1bt much of it s so SO eaTM4 out of condition that it wae altogether unraleabls, unless At a reduction of 4s. Per quarter, which Was not very geaernlly=bnamttod 10. Eventhe finest saMPles of White Were OU chesape; the trade rathier dulLitnarley, oats, and beans wer ecwh2s.per qurter lOWer 'Wlhte wheat, 5ts. to 70s. ; red, 583. to 72& Barley, 2&h. to Its.; chcrallc~ 1055. 3o7s.; grinding. It.. to lie. ; oats, hils. to 155.; partidgO elross 155. to 4Ds. white, 4ila. toOils.-; boIling, tI. toDIU&; lick beins. lOs. to I7s.; hariro, 13. toIls.; MVAZagAn,ts to& ItGs. On Thursday, at Bishop's Stertford, the wheat trade wlas exceedingly heavy,-, t ffect sale a reductionof fully s Per quarterlhadto be subnutted to. l3oth barley end oatswer-e ls.ower. The same ay, at Sudhury, the millers would not buy unless at priceala.below the quotations~oflasatweek; some busines weasdon attheserates. Barley, of wichthBerwas anabundart show,went off sluggisbily at I2. lessmoney.
~PUS FINANCIAL COMMibSSION.-On 2tt Ist.wil tkelac.~)Madrid. the AlUCTION of the' iAGN RADI or-bich~~purpose lO.towreales b1"Ieen assied by the Government, Tenders will be admitted at mb 4lskCrmissi on uUll the 3th ins&tant-6 A. Tokenhouse-yard, UR-AJND aud TEHREE %rCENT, PEUIKBONDS-Holdersof teav tc r seqwte~ o tae noicethat, by oeder of the euinMnse Mteaelanoswm be ivest the Offiee of the nniaagu,Mess U'IAIfADAE ONSGoe,enOf Canada SJix per I% Cot. Debentrs Iucuneth uoryofheConsolidatedI Vhterests prnt. pe nu,pybl tteofc o h eevr *on& for the sarne atntes,tn£7stliger£0cuecy ,10,118 asr cen t The odar raoutof10an£80crey and at the abovor wnpyhu6 ,pr et eranmo ThULWIEC COLLEGE.-CHAJRLES DICKENS .t-Y 3Q.-in the ellfr.-GENEPAL,I M-EjTryNG of the Theatric-al ?oeiccand the friends of the Drmn1a, on Thursday, March 13th, at - UeTeteROyAl Adeiphi, (by permission of Benjamin Webster, 80take into consideration the mest advantageous means of pro. Otsa hecam to A small, Share of the additional distribution of the Bcnd nd c.fits Of the great Charity of " God's. Gift,' feunded. adendowed at the soe cost of Edward Alleyn, the actor. a echair to be taken st 1 precisey. dNRYTALPALACE.- ExhIbitors? Department.- V h irectors, having made arrangements withi many of the -~eicipI ehibtorm thePsrisEaxhibition for the transferenceof their dtoSyeasa re desirous of making similar arrangements with Use maufactrers'of the United Kingdom generally. The are ~ tyrant SPACE for the EXHIBITI9uN of -ho h fMynx.CIR,a a nLominal rent, for one year, ~~~~gyfr . cordmrsand making sles from epe.btnoddliveryof goods will b permitted in this department Mauntesand others at present exhibiting in the non-sellbgdivison are informed that on the expiration of their present ~*usc.they wilI be allowed to OCCnDY SPace at a nominal rent until Us euorApril. 1857, P-Arties wishing to avail thOmsselvea of the aoeoffer are requeste to apply to the Superintendent of the Exhibitoes Doprttment, at the Crys3tal Palace for forms of application, -Which must be returned on or before the let of March next. Th1e Directors reserve to themwelves a right of selection in respect of EOOda for wbich space may bappied fer. By order, G. GROVE, Becrtary. -. 31e,February 2 86 AIRYTALPAILACE Sydenhsan-Tho PA-LACE and AI ace OPEN to the public on Monda;3, at 9 a.m. ad TusasWednsdys Thursdays andFridays, at tO s.m., on hic arate ainleon'a s,,and on -aturday a pt noon, whten the admia. ~~ Tickets~~~~~of admissio,including uonvyanc byrailay, ay e obaine atthe Londen-b. geerA yes,sad& he eveal aent inLonon.Trains ran frcom London. Made to the Ceysal aaeSaln atmOo 911am. andeery 4MU-1onr from 10.10 a.m. oL at Z 4.5.&i0' and S jLretur fjrom the Crtertalsat shehet IUSSIAN TROPHIES.-GREAT GLOBE, ~nop-Med ofthe art. Adissin tothewhol building, Is.; eildenandscool, bllprie.Ope frolm lane to 1Op.m. eovith RNUAELD G now ITOPN iNO OPNat the GaUr 6.ifolkltery oFatle 2mall east. Admission Is r at all times to the Galeries,and toall Mse lectures, by wsean tickets, half-a-crown. Lecture for Tuesday * eveing February II. at o'clock-"4 The Influencof Light and Shadow Cn ArehitecturalComaposition," by Theresa Alom.Es. A.Uparticuarsa at the Galleries. U ReFaaOf Ro's SAetches by Catan hel FALL.E Grnd- irGuards aide by Vbeogrcsoves hwn,wt ielk Sdelity. the city, fo rtifcatsos,adsbr,asenim datlatr M Se a&ttack, The Views ofthBtteothAlaanofheeacso Alps are als Open. dmsinIs. toeahpnrm,On fromn 10 tillidusl. 1) OYAL POLYTECHN1C0-The SEVENTH -JUL COURSE of MO2NDAY EVENiNG LECTURES to the induskial clsasses has commenced. Lecture on the roison Strychnine, by 3. H Peper Es.. ail, a4 ad 9 Th Posonand the Tests used ~oritsdetcton,exhbied n te Oy-ydrgenMirosope Te UTsMEGrAeaTRSTEamiEetric-MThie,ru pyrice Wyte this modelsr and a fofwurhacfatobvs tnoe. dnihonld tw chilreonsan 1schol 6alf-priech. Waess extra)' on the grnd tier, one guinea; proscenium and stage boxes. b 2s.; galeres, iL, and as; pit, is,; upper boxes, fir6.:set cirele. 2s, 6d. I dres~s circle, la.-The Last ltforingl hefrance of the Grand Comic Pantomnime will take place To-I anorrow~ (Tuesday, Feb. 12). at 2 o'clock, on which occasion the Veterans of the Army who hare returned from the Crimea will thy shewing their-Mdl be admitted free to witness the Grand. Tantomnime.-The performnances terminate every evening at half-pact 11 o'clock.-Owinz to the nightly 6verflow to witness the sirst Coickneiar and the best Bo0y' Pantoridme ever produced, ladies and centlemen are solicited to book their places early, to prevent disappointment. The free list is entirely suspended.-Notice to the .3ublc. In consequence of the great applause and laughter bestowed upon the wenderfl experiments of the Wizard of the S.S.W. bySB. the new aquib, entitled The Great Guin Trick, will be repeated eve~ evening, with the highly successful Pantomime.-THIS EME MN 'wil be performned THlE GREAT GUN TRICK : by Professor Charles Sfathewn, the Winerd of the S.R.W. by S. To conclude with the gsdcomica Christmas pantomime. 1EY D)IDDLE DIDDLE; or, HalqunKng Nonsense and the Seven Ages of 'Aan. The scener 3eairte by Mr.William Beverley. Twollarlequins, twoColumbines, -two Phnotaomn two Sprites, two Clowns f(Harry Relino and Tom 3[atteewa). Principal dancer, Miss Retina Wrighit, Doors openL at bafpat6 n commence atT, TT¶HEATRE ROYAL, COVENT-GARDEN.- ELFxtension of the Seasori.-Postponcenent of Mrr. Anderson's * Benefit.-Immense Suocese of Rob Roy and Black-eyed Susan.- last of the largest theatreinLno,PoesrAdsnplgd imlfto the public to producthmotgreuan,ipsib,te .beet pantomime of the sao.Efretyt ar u htpeg he determined to spare nocotnofaltaai isfofw ter talent Ihe could discover and commiand His arrngeements were, made for a period of six weeks, overwhc term he did not e-xpect the pantomnime to roin. Encountering many difficnltiec in producing a pantomime at a house where none had been for years-where nearly all the machinery had to be constructed and every "property' to be - made-The Eoils Alliance or The Field of the Cloth of Gold, was placed on the stage at an outlay of nearly £7,000. and was at once recognised by the press and by the puiblic as being worthy of the house at which it was pre-sented and the unprecedented expen diture incurred in its producetion. Its popularity hasinrae at every representntion. At the present mement, after a run of 40 nights, between 2,iCO and 3,00D persons pay nightly at the doors to witness its grotesque incidents, its gorgeous appointmnents, and - it canul-cent scenery. The operatic drama of Itoh Ro3- and the eyer-popular melodrarna,of Illackc-eyed Susa:n. produced, as they have been, at a cost as lavish as that bestowed on the pantomime, have achie-ved =n equal amount of success. Within the wall of Coventgarden Larger audiences are assembled ever" evening than in any .ether theatre of Europe : while the fashiojiable character of the attendance, and the applause bestowed on the performances, ratify, the fuhilmentof the promntsces made by the lessee at thie cormmencement of the season, and warrat hi~s indulging in self-congratulaticon at having accomnplished a triumph in the way of successful management. Un-der these circumstances he has had no hesitation in. arroaming with thec direcors of the theatre for its Occupancy until it in requned for the purposes of the Poyal Italian Opera at the commencement of the next Lor-donseason. The extension of hislease has been most -Courteously accorded to, him, and increased facilities granted for -producing various novelties. The pantomime, on account of its ereat 9ucTeess will be repented nightly: Rob Boy and Black-eyed Susa will beperfone donaternate nights until further notice: the same attention wLsich has been paid to their production as regard-s cenery, costumnes, and other accessories to effect, will be paid to everythin-1 else, produced under the present management. The unquaslla - probaion of the auditors the cumnulative success of each. new peoduction, the thronged stale of the house at every representation, and the satisfactory result of the last six weeks, induce Professor Anderso to persevere in a pathi which has led himi to a position .-whence he can regaird the past with pleasure,the future with conf1denc. and the present with proud, umnningled. unalloyed gratification. MTat the sequel to his Christmas season will be characterized by the same amount of good fortune which has hitherto attended his career at Corent-carden ho isperfeotly assured, the same c=auss which have already elicited succes will, without doubt, continue to produce it, amlnpifyingatthesame tinso its amnount anditacertitode. The public See respectful apprised that however poular any piece produced 'uender the presnt management may be, thec number of its representstions wil be limited. thus, for instance, Rob Rtoy and Bl1ack-eyed *eSman wil be played on alterate nights durirg the p resent week, but ao promise can be made of their repetition beyond that term, unIess it -beo fund to comgct with other arrangements new in progres, Hence it is expedient t t seats should be booked early by these who are desireus of seeing the grandest Scottish spec-tacle ever placed on the stage, or the revival of IDouglas Jerrold's celebrated melodrama with mornattention to the mise en scene than has been bestowed upon lis t any time or in any theatre. The dramas which will rucceed thes will .aShortlybhe announced:- and the renewed season of the present management wHIl terminate with the production of English opera on a grand salne. introducing the wliole of the available English musical talent to be foind in Great Britain.-THIS EVEN-ING IMonday, February, 111. 'will be presnted BLACK-E,lD SUSAN. William. by Protessor Anderson: andu-Sua, by UMissarriet Gordon. To-marrTow (Tuesnlay, February 12). Rob Roy. Rob Roy, Professor Anderson; HeIen 'lK3-grecor. Mrz.3. W, Wa11ack, RoblRoy will be repeated onThursday and Saturday; and Black-eyed Susan on Wedneseday and Friday. The.performance each eveninig will coniclude with the representationof the great pantomime of 181, entitled YE BELLE ALLIALNCE:, or, Harlequin Good Humour and the Field of the Cloth of Gold. Clown, 3air. Flexnmore; Pantaloon, Mtr. Barnes; Columbine, Miss EmmaHorne; and Harlequin. Mr. C. Brown. Private boxes, £3 Is,, £z I XI as. and lIL,: grand balc-ony, 4s. ; upper boxes, 2s. 6dl, ; pit,an a4mphitheatre stalls, Is. c gallery. Is, Private boxes and seats in the balcony, stalls, and upper bexes maybe secured on application. at the box-offioe of the Theatre, whichi is open, under the directionx of Mr. O'ltcilly,. daily from 10 to S. Private boxes may, also be token at all the public libraries, The public are respectfully advised that in cense4uence of the attraction of the performances it in impossible to obtain flront seats unlessthey are bookced early'. Doomrsqen every evening at .eaif-past 6; commence at 7. Second price at 9 o clock,. -VF¶HEATRE ROYAL, HAYMIARKET.-Ayrrnne- JLments for the Wcelt-THIS EVENING (Mronday), and on Wednesday and Thursday. in consequence of its great success, the seivied comedy' of THE BEAUX' STRATAGs~,'?f altered and 'adatcd, Scrub. Mr. Buckstone : Mrs. Sullen. lilis Reynolds. After which.t, the pntomnime of TEE BUTTERFLY'S BALL AND 'TEE GRASSHOPPER'S FEAST. To-morrow (Tuesday), The aerangcr: Only a Halfpenny, as performed at WindIsor Castle by Command of Her Maiesty; and the Pantomime. On Friday and Satmsnay. 'The Little Treasure; the Pantomime; and Only a Half)cnxq. ROYAL PRINCESS's THEATRE. - T1'HIS I EVEN-ING (Monday), TIEE MERCHANT OF VENICE. Tomorrow(Tesday). and on Friday,.Henry VIII, Wednesday, Hamlet. 'Zhussda7. Every one Has His Fault, Saturday, The Corsican Brothers, And the Prantonmime Every Evening. TrHEATRE ROYAL ADELPHI.-First Appear- ance sinceOubistrtasof r. andltra, Keeleyin an entirely new _ farce. called That Blessed Baby. and Bets Barker.-Second Week of Mr. B. Webster and of Boots of the Holly Tree Inn.-The Popular Burteeq,ue and Comic Pantomime Every Night.-THIS EVENING, BESt BAJ;ER: by Mlr. and Xrs. Keeley. With EOOTS OF TIE HOLLY TREE IhN; or, The Infant Elopement to Gretna Green. Cobfs,^ Mr. B Webster. First time, a new farce, called TEHAT BLFSSED BABY: by Mr. and Mrs1. Keeley. And the burlesque and comic pantomime of JACK AND THE BEAN STALK - or Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. Jack and Harlequin, Madame Celestc: Mother Goose and Columbine. liss Wyndbam. HEATRsE * ROYALi, SADLER's-WELLS.- T HUInder thie Management of 3rr. Phehp-THIS EVE}NG. To-morrow, and on Wcdnesday. KIh- JOM;HN-Messrs. Pbelps, Parrett. F. Robinson, Lunt. TC. Harris, Ray, Belford, Les Bal, H, itarstrn; Mrs. . Marston. Miss Atkinson. and Miss C.Parkes, To concluds with HARLEQUINAN]D PUSS IN BOOTS. ,ILLIAWIM COOKE's PERFORMIING ' 17 BEPEHANTS at ASTLE's.-These extraordinary animals ave opened a newr era in the natural history of the Elephant. The feats, which the public have boon accustomed to see executed by Treeier gymnastic artists are accomplished by these quadsrupeds with iI:e utmost faclity-nay, glrae.X Imagine one of these hugc creaturea rscendinega ridge not, the width of his foot-balancing himself with the ir of a ropedancer-and, having reached the summit, standing upon his bead. Thisfret iB actually represented every right amid tornados df appause. Last six nihts of Rookwrood; or, Turpin's Ride toYork. U ITY of LONDON THEATRE.-Production of the peesed atartlir noelt SELFISHINES, or A Guilty "Uscitrice -f e T E V EhING: concluding with Nelson 07¢n ~~~~~~~thetm G MEiAT "ATIONA STADARD THIEATRcE, 8h{l-rpitr r JchfnDouglsss-Partiefrom the eeXtownot rtem7tih0Ut;XinE ssittohe G NatYtional, The Moet Wogrderf ol PantomGmistgs in ti-e W{orId.-sr-enty.five Mlofot~ X e lA# )VOsGg pYledi:d Mechnsal Chaner. To the 3MMBERS of the SENATE of the UNiIVEB3IT} of Gentlemen . ALTHOUGH a very large proportion of those who 3 itntTote fermebhave not yerecorded theirvotes Idoznot IbinkthatIabhousldbejustidedinprolon"gig the contest merely for the sake of diminisbing the present large mao 'ty agalnst me. Coul I ed ertin hat my poent bad nearly exhausted his atrength,mycourse wouldbomore ificulttodecideupon. Butthere a, tomymind, and in the opinion of mky friends, clearproofs that a reserveremain, sEuffcient, together with the present msjority, tooverPower the numbers upon which we could stil reckon. The poing cannot be extended into another week without serious inconvenience to the University and to indi iduals; and since it could not be so extenaled with a reasonable prospect of success, I feel it my clear duty to retire. In taking tbis step I} cannot refrain from tendering to hfr. Walpale and great numbers of his sapporters my sincere th for the very kind ana ttering manner in which they have expressed themselves towards me.,and forthiegreatocourtesytheyhavesbown. IXbelieTe that noconte.tedelectionbaaeverbeenconductedwith more mutual personal respece betwreen therival candidates, orwith less acrimonyon the part of their supporterm. It only remains for me to oxpress my hesartfelt thanle to that large number of your body who, having thought me worthy of representing you in Parhament, haye exerted themselvesin my behalf wits the most generous eel and devotion. Itwilbeto measubjectofpride andgratitde to the last hourof my life that I have been honoured by the support of so many of your body, includini- not a few of the moat distinguished names that have benrecorded m the annals of Cambridge. Trustig gentlemen that the choicevhich bas been made wil bereaftr fllyustfythecondese f toseof enwho mad3 it. and with everywish for theprospearidtynoethfeUntiverstyandall belonging to it, e,; TFTARFA ROYAL, DRUERY-LAH Lamsses, faiRThfSmity, TMuS E:VENG T31E GBFT GU TRIMI Characters by 3Aem 0.a the. Tl^bary Templeton. Asey, and Aiss EmzilL To conadude wvith AEEY DIDDLE DIDDiL. TEATREi ROYAI . COVEh^-GABOlW. lessee 3Sr. J. H. Andersoa. T7S E UNG, BrACi-LGEOGD S7JSAN. Wllruiam, Professor Anderson - Sr^" Mis ELA GordonA To woadalde with YAE BEMTS ALIA-NCE _T7M.-TEE AOYA1 HYbITE . Uander the Management of Mrx. Bau.^-tone TI EVB7i^ENihG, 'rtHE BEAU3U2 STB^ATFAGMB Bns3ressre Buckstone, owei CFb. 9ndale, e . Yivien, . ! Rsesleynolds. Swa;nboroumh. Ave71 Co llrs. h;Poynter. l ,^ T-o ooadludepnvth T_IE BUrTTBFL"S RATIT AND THtE G7A-9 HAOPPER'S BEbAST. BAOYAL PR7INC-S&S THIATRE. Under the 3IauagemenIt of 3Ix. Charles Kean. TM T LT VENLYG wM he p^resented TAAE MEDRCHAT OF VENICE- Shylock; 31r. C. Kea Portia. bfm C. Kean. To con: eliude with HABIEQUEN AN~D TiHE MID AND THE MIAGPIEor, The Fairy Punkss sand Hanky P^anky the Enchanter. TE7ATRE ROYAT4 ADELPHL PropJrietor, Mrr. B. Webster. Dircress brulme Celeste. T1II EVENYLNG wiLbe presented BETSY 3BA}KER. Char^^cters by Mr.D and Mrf KAeeley. After vvhich, ROOTS OF THF HOLLY TFXEE LNN. To be followvedt by THAT B7ET SED BABY. To conclude wFith J2ACK SAND TEs[E BRANLYSAZ T OYAT OLYALIC TD RTLE. IIessee, r. ABl.t TSithu.V T THS ISG STAY AT HONGEATM G N r ETI ryK MCrma Stiring, Messs TCaens T bE: DiSCBReET Rhwahleyor Thne Three Gla7 Distatr hteMi F. Robson, Emer. DaTes, C Toper. C cstonc W dite, Wses Ju7ia St. GeoHEY DBrsL D TerLan, W faskelL and Stephen. Commenoo at;J past T.~ STR AND TCOEAT GR D THIS EVNING, BLA-rEr. T. PSyneU St. C PoY Mr Ranoger. After w hicu. TEn E PisH SO No F OF ROCiEEIXE 'To be fo7 owed by a Spanish Ba7 et. To which wi1 be added PEACE AT ANY PRIEEr T. conclude .ith BLUE JACIZiT; or, The ANaval Brigade. ROYAT SRRREY THEYTAE. LUerses Manesars. Shenherd and Cr.sEick THTHS EVE NING G, be resentEd TBIE SHADOWAES OF CBI Charace by u es CrewiHcw, Richards, Ro Calvert, Vollaire,- aod NTiddkicomb Mosw anbuerTigot BeoinaCyF oueandIg, SPnderts,.and r. audJaneShore. ASTLEYL ROYA ASPSTHEATRE. U esrte Managed,Me ofr. CrW. Oekea. THIS EVENING willnT be77retedR T OT,rpi' Ride to Yor7- After Shlck. theC Keani stin, hrds. C Asen. of the eludenwith HARLDEQUiN AD ATE MAID iANTHE MNGPD ST. TO' COPRESPONDMNTS. Our reader 5 are requeste to obwcrve that the prloe of The Tim as anredan ned to 4dE, and that . is the PriceO O a copy Dith the ima.presned stamp TffixeVE Vnder the amendedBreTgulationE of the Posbaoffice (No. 60) ATer ic e BOs Os tranEmiHsible bE INst to Bfitish coloniew aud foLED BgA Touncoin EithLout s an impresed stamrp. Mo notice can be taken of anonymoD s coRmmniCaESionS; Whatever is intended for insertion muast b0e autherAtica7ted bT the nale as d address of the writer ; noe necessarily for operbcation, buWh t Ms a guarantee of his good faith. We cannot nnder'ake to return rejectecl conmmuniatioms. AgThe DublEcatonof THTnars co7mmenced atA5 eodockson Sahuday morning. and fSehn. ed aCce at pantes7 pt 9. _TAq TETE
LO-NDON, MOKLDAY, FEBRUABRY L, 1856. The report of Sir Jon- MKEIzLL and of Colonel TuLLocHu has dissipated for ever all doubts and all questions as to the guilt and responsibility for that awful tragedy which just a year ago was entering into its fifth act on the shores of the Crimea. The first impulse of public indignation was directed against the Mfinistry of Lord A-snsDN, and it fell without an effort before the approach of the storm which it now appears was not all of its raising. The Ministry, we see, had a good defence, but did not put it forward; they denied the miseries and the calamities the details of which were brought to us by every post, and the country most justly disbelieved their denial. They either knew not that they had a defence or were too magnanimous to avail themselves of it, and so they were swept away before the torrent of popular indignation. Upon the head of the devoted Duke of NEwCASTE were laid the sins of the whole mismanagement and mliscalculation, and he carried them forth with him into the wilderness. Then came the investigations of the Sebastopol Committee; but while they were going on another inquiry was being prosecuted, with far greater skill, andc under far more advantageous conditions, on the shores of the Crimea itself. Standing, en the very spot, their feet resting on the very graves of the army that had perished, the Qumes Commissioners went patiently through every department of the service, examined every oflicer who had. occupied a situation of responsibility, dived deep into the mysteries of accounts and returns, and, as they had investigated patiently, arrived a. clear and irresistible conclusions. From their report it now appears that, although there is no reason to suppose that our War Department was administered with extraordinary talent, vigilance, or foresight, yet the principal blame and responsibility rest with crushing weight upon the military authorities on the spot, -whose indolence, ineitness, incompetence, and fatuity would have baffled the vigilance of a CABNOT and overthrown the combinations of a NAPoLEo-N. The result of this report is, that allowing everything for the labours of a difficult siege; assuming it to be7unavoidable that the English army should have occupied a position which required double its numbers to maintain; assuming that it was impossible to male a road which could have kept uip the communication by wheeled carriages with Balaklava, still the whole blame of the destruction that ensued is to be laid, not on the Ministry at home-not on that convenient impersonation, " ill-fortune," but wholly and solely on the wonderful and. inconceivable stupidity and. negligence of those to whose weak and unworthy hands this mighty trust was, in an evil hour, committed. The troops suffered grievoudy from want of fresh meat, while fresh meat was easily procurable on the southern coast of the Black Sea, and could, nllike other stores, when landed at Balaklava, have been made to carry itself to the place where it was to be consumed-an inestimable advantage as soon as the road became impassable for carts. Vegetable food might have been obtained with almost equal ease, but was not sought for. The issue of rice, so valuable in diseases which were decimating the army, ceased on the 30th of September. There was still abundance in store. but the Commissary-General did not continue to issue it, because Lord RAGLAN'S order for it was not renewed, and. Lord PRAGLAN did not find out till the end of January what stores were available for feeding his army. On the 20th of December i 20,000 pounds of limejuice arrived. at Balaklava, a specific remedy and almost certain prophylactic against scurvy. The foresight of the Minister of War was, in this respect, most creditable, but scurvy raged with unmitigated severity during the whole of December and January, and it was only in the first week of Februay that one drop of the limejuice was applied to the service of the army. The scorbutic gums of the sick required soft bread instead of biscuit; the soldiers willingly gave three shillings for the two-pound loaf. There were bakers, ovens, and flour in abundance, but no bread was made. The soldiers were allowed no fuel, because under totally different circumstances no fuel was allowed in the Peninsula. A hLmdred and forty-seven thousand gallons of porter lay in store at Varna from April, 1854, till April, 1855, and not one drop was given to an army for which it would have been a most acceptable medicine. The road being gone, there was nothing for it but to supply the want of carts by an increase in the number of packhorses; and these could have been procured, but the Commissariat had no hay to feed them; and there was no hay, because the Commissariat had bought 800 tons from an insolvent contractor, had objected to receive it with an ilitimed fastidiousness, had changed its mind when the supply had been purchased by the French, had obtained it after a long dispute, and had then been unable to send it to the Crimea because the hydraulic presses which were to make it fit for transport were erected at a place 15 miles from that where the hay was made. The stores were absolutely encumbered with warm clothing of every size and description, but the Quartermaster-General's Department thought that the poor shivering wretches, who were never dry for months together, needed neither rugs nor blankets, and great-coats, of course, they coulld not have, though they abounded in Balaklava, because great-coats are only issued once in three years! The cavalry horses perished for want of the most ordinary care and precaution, which the two Generals in command of that arm appear systematically to have discouraged. The tents were insufficient, because, together with a large number of stores, the surplus was abandoned at Varna and thought of no more. From these combined causes the army perished. They starved on salt meat and biscuit when wholesome food was within their reach; they perislhed of cold while' clothing in abundance was laid up for them;-poor in the midst of riches, hungry in the midst of plenty, shivering and freezing while possessing the means of warmth and shelter. Who is responsible for these things ? Not the system, not the Government, nor primarily the Commissariat. That is only an inferior service, and the magnates of the army were firm in denying its members any rank or pretension to meet them on terms of equality, though they are now not ashamed to throw on them the blame of all their own deficiencies. The responsibility falls with almost undivided weight on the Quartermaster-General's Department, whose duty, according to Colonel the Hon. ALExADER GoRDONw, Assistant-Quartermaster-General of the Army in the Crimea, is to attend to the extra clothing and all extra stores for the use of the troops, as well as the camp stores issued according to regulation. To this gentleman and to Sir RICHARD AIRZY we may address the apostrophe of AUGrSTuS to VAxnSs,"Give us back our legions." They cannot ; but they have given us back themselves, and those in whose hands army patronage is deposited know hOW to make mueh of the gift. The men who destroyed the British army come home from the fields of their exploits to be loaded with royal favour and withhonours, anddonce more to display at our expense those faculties of mismanagement which have already cost us so dear. While hundreds of gallant officers have fought and bled unknown and unrewarded, Sir 1RICHARD AIRZY is made a K.C.B. and Quartermaster-General, and Colonel GoRDoN, only less mischievous because less highly placed, Deputy Quartermaster-General and C.B., each being rewarded in proportion to the injury he has done to his country. If anything were wanted to show the absolute necessity of placing the Horse Guards under Parliamentary control, it is that such things can be done without the assent of the Government of the day, and without any responsibility to Parliament. The system has now reached the very climax of absurdity and iniquity, and when that is the case in this country we know that it has also reached the very verge of extinction.
Could things be called by their right names the state of things under which we live in this country would not be called the British Constitution, but the British Compromise, or the British Constitution only in the sense of a perpetual standstill, a finality of laws, and fixity of institutions. But the idea of a compromise is evidently uppermost in the minds of many who most rejoice and have most reason to rejoice in the light of the Constitution. It is a compromise, they feel, long ago made, and not to be departed from except under somedirenecessity. True, some may have gained, others lost; the bargain may be a very bad one indeed for certain classes, or certain kinds of men; but what of that? It is a bargain, and everybody is bound to stand by it. Now, not to pursue the diversities of human condition and character into all their subdivisions, it is enough to observe that there are two classes very broadly and palpably distinguished,-they who have a faculty for making the best of the existing state of things, and they who have no such faculty, who have great and good elements, who have genius, who have industry, who have enterprise, and many other qualities which want taking by the hand, guiding, helping, and nurturing; but which otherwise, as often as not, bring ruin to the owners. Success is apt to flatter itself that it owes all to itself, and that if others fail they have themselves to thank for it. In a certain sense Success is right, for there certainly is a special gift in some men for reaping where others have sown, and for carrying off the honey which others have collected. But it by no means follows that the power of advancing onesself is also the best qualification for the legislator. No; the man who has thorougrhly mastered the situation, and who has capitalized, so to speak, not only his own fair opportunities, bat also the failures and follies of others and the defects of the law, is just the man who has no wish to mend matters, be they ever so bad. It is not his line of thinking. A firstrate engineer would be ruined if the country became -all a dead level, with no difficulties of any kind. In point of fact, if we attended only to the advice of the successful, whether successful in themselves or inheriting the success of their ancestors, we should just do nothing at all but preach obedience to the powers that be and contentment with the state of things that is. Listen to the successful respectables and hear what they say:-" We are perfectly satisfied with the state of " Parliamentary representation and the House of "Commons." "We areperfectly satisfiedwith the "cpresent settlement between the Chiurch and Dis"senters ," " WVe are perfectly satisfied with the "existing equipoise between the burdens and the "protection of agriculture ;" and so on through a hundred supposed compromises, all of them in their turn matters of faith. Now, we need not say that we hold to no compromise. In politics we are bound by no law but the. common weaL Al- honour to the successful, but they shall not sit so heavy on the State as to prevent others rising. The man whose AAmoN's rod has swallowed up a thousand fortunes may be a very clever fellow, a mighty conjuror in his way, but he shall not have the monopoly of lawmaking. Millionnaires are apt to be Conservative. Had millionnaires made our laws, and had the fustian jackets been treated with " proper" contempt, we should have had half a-dozen bloody revolutions since the beginning of the century, and! should certainly have deserved them. But is not this placid contentment with the status quo just now rather growing upon Parliament? The debates are quite stifling with the prosperity of the speakers. Read them, and you would imagine that in this happy country a decent mechanic had only to choose some time before the age of thirty between the publichouse and 10,0001. a-year. There are no difficulties, no social wrongs, nothing in the way of talent and enterprise, except, perhaps, some more effectual means for the recovery of debts and the winding up of insolvent estates. With these trifling exceptions, England is a commercial Utopia. No doubt, if whales had to legislate for theAretic Seas,and sharks for the Indian Ocean, they would legislate in this fashion. But we have to represent the smaller fry as well as their colossal devourers. We conceive that we are breaking no law, betraying no order, if we hold that there is a vast amount of personal merit and personal capacity in this country which might have a better chaiice under better laws. We have heard it said by bne who was himself beholden to nobody for his positioni that three things were necessary;to success-power, perseverance, and patronage, and, though patronage in its proper sense must ever be an accident, it is the duty of the State to supply it by equal and fostering laws. Can it be said that the Legislature does patronize obscure talent and humble industry, when it is rare to see either succeed, and when the laws seem to assume every inventor crazy and every trader dishonest ? In a list of the recognized improvers of the stockmng-frame, published now thirty years ago, out of forty names half had come to misery and degradation, to the gaol, to transportation, or the gallows, and one had been hung and beheaded for a traitor. A man in these days must find a friend, and a very good friend, if he would turn the genius of a WATT to any account. But such a friend is not often to be found. About the end of the last century an attorney in a midland county Inown for his ability and uprightness, but also for his sympathies with the French Revolution, was told one day that a man wanted to see him. On going into his hail he found a mechanic, who said he had an improvement in some branch of manufacture he wanted assistance to carry out. He was from a neighbouring county, and had only heard of the attorney through some accidental channel. Such applications are not unconnnon in the manufacturing districts, and are seldom attended to. In this case the attorney was taken with the man's appearance, gave an attentive hearing to his story, thought there was something in the invention, advanced some money, and lent more and more, eventually to the utmost of his means. He was not ruined. On the contrary, the mechanic became the founder of one of the richest manufacturing families in England, and the attorney was enriched by the connexion. Had the attorney not been able to tell a good man when he saw him, or to form an opinion of the invention; had he even not been at home, or not in a condition to lend money, the mechanic would probably have shared the fate of a thousand others-lived to see his improvement generally adopted and finished his days in a workhouse. It may be said the example shows what may be done under our existing laws-nay, under worse laws, perhaps, than now exist; but it was an accident, and the attorney was justly proud of having made a man and a family. In a country liLe this,, where there is almost a redundance of energy and talent, where the more common difficulty is for men to find opportunity for their skill and investment for their savings, it is the place of the Legislature to provide them for every man as far as can safely be done. At least, it should remove artificial obstacles. Certainly it seems a natural arrangement that men should combine for the purposes of manufacture or trade, with a definite risk, if it be only provided that in their desire to save themselves they should not throw too much risk on their creditors. Of course, it is a question of degree, but under the existing laws it is not treated as a question of degree. Partner- ship is made by these laws a more absolute unity' for commercial purposes than matrimony itself; it is a Mezentian bond, involving the whole estate of the man who can even by a quibble of law be made out the partner of an insolvent. It is a natural thing that a man should be at liberty to stake all his savings, <i i ny portion of them, in such a connoxion with the mechlanical skill or business qualities of another man of his own class that if the profits be little he will receive little; if much, he will receive much; and if therr' ci! - es a total loss he will only lose the aniount Or his - r'nturc. This we holdtobereasonable and natunal. ut the 3law steps in and says, "No, "you sliall oily trade as savages gamble-nay, "writh still greater recklessness." Savages gamble on till, from one risk to anotlher, they stake the very clothes on their baclks, their huts, their winter's store, their children, and their wives. The English law tells its educated, honest, industrious artisans and tradesmen, " You "shall stake everything on the very first "throw; you shall bind yourself hand and foot to "speculation." Under such a law no wonder if it is thought about the greatest misfortune to a poor man to be a genius, and scarcely less to have saved a little money. Those men whose colossal fortunes represent the talent and the industry of thousands even get up and maintain the divine right of wealth, holding everybody responsible for helping to carry out an invention or opening a shop to the last sixpence that can be squeezed out of him. "Some change may be *" called for, but they see no necessity for any " change as to partnerships or private business." " If we have to choose a model for commercial usages " and laws, what country is to be selected ?" "W hat gives confidence in commercial transactions . is the consideration that a man in trade knows "that he risks everything-not only his whole "capital, but also his reputation. The present "bill, however, seems to treat trade merely as a "game in which a man plays for a certain " amount." No doubt, this is a very natural view of trade to the merchant in whose eye the smaU man is only the needy, evasive debtor, but we submit that is not the view that Parliament should take of the British unit. I
The dove returnilng with an olive leaf in her miouth was no sign to the most ancient of mariners that he should leave his ark; and with much cooing of peace in our ears, with much convivial sucdkng of olives and metaphorical waving of olive branches, the Lords of the Admiralty have not deemed it wise to discharge as yet the mariners of England, and to dispose of the arks of our safety. On the contrary, we are to have more transports ; more men are engaged for the warships; more clerks, more artificers, for the naval yards; greater enorgy than ever is displayed in tho building of gunboats; new factories are building, one of some importance at Constantinople; and, to sum up all, the naval estimates for the ensuing year are to exceed those of last, including the supplementary estimates for additional expenditure, by 291,1357. The whole sum voted last year for the navy was 11,857,5061.,' md the otnatote v the next twelve amQnthb i therefore increased to 12,148,6411. This increase is most perceptiblo in the wages to seamen and marines, and in the smm required for new works and improvements, in which departments, taken together, the increase is 58Z,0001. Before analyzing these larger items of increase, however, let it be remarked, in passing, that they are nearly counterbalanced by the items of decrease. In the department of naval stares for the building and repair of ships the expense is this year less than last by 544,6181. ; while paying considerably more for our coals, for the purchase of timber, of gunboats and steamvessels, we are to pay 250,0001. less for steam machiniery, 420,0001. less for what is conveniently termed "other storesp;" we have no 10,0001. to pay for the Emperor of JAPAN'S screw yacht-an item, by the way, which excites strange thoughts as to the perplexity of the junkloving Monarch in his gift,-and, with these deductions, the grant proposed for the naval, stores is 3,447,351?. The grant also for the Royal Naval Coast Volunteers is a diminished one-20,0001.; that is to say, 30,0001. less than last year, the difference being accounted for principally in the less bounty money, conduct money of volunteers, expense of billeting, and wages when afloat. There is yet another of the estimates in which there is a decrease-namely, in that for the Admiralty-office. That decrease, however, is rather apparent than real. The vote proposed is 138,3991., or 2,0701. less than last year. On examining the accounts of the Admiralty-office, however, to see how this remarkable economy has been contrived at a time when we all know that its business has been very much increased, it will be found that the result is obtained simply by shifting to the Miscellaneous Civil Estimates no less a sum than 12,5001. voted last year for postage. Were that postage added to the present estimates, the sum required would exceed that obtained last year 'by 10,4301. In these three departments, however, there is a decrease which, together with a further decrease of 1,8731. for civil pensions, comes in all to 578,5611. And now let us look to those estimates which exhibit an increase. The most important increase occurs in the wages of the seamen and marines; 3,237,8931. is required for 50,000 seamen, 10,000 boys, and 16,000 marines, officers and men. This is 352,3261. more than for last year; and a further sum of 1,434,7301., or 60,6491. more than last year, is required for victualling them. The next important increase occurs in the new works, the improvements and repairs in thedifferent naval yards, amounting to 8G4,3341., or 235,2631. of increase. The vote for the scientific branch is likewise raised; it is raised 7,3061., and amounts to 58,9821. Of this increase it is pleasant to note that in a time of war, when every hand is busy either grasping or sharpening the sword, when we are straining every nerve to fight as we never fought before, pure science is not forgotten, and 4,2611. goes to the Royal Observatory alone. As if no battle were raging around, 1,2001. goes to purchase an object glass for a large equatorial; 3,000?. more for its buildings and mounting. As we proceed we find 153,7951. charged for the different naval establishments at home; 36,4941. for those abroad, both together showing an increase of 20,7991. The wages to artificers, &c., in the former amount to 1,190,3091., the n-mber of men employed being not increased, save in the steam factories, but the wages being considerably increased in extra work and extra pay. The increase is 78,0891. There is a similar rise in tne wages to the artificers serving in the foreign establishments, the sum to be voted being 109,9131. ; the increase, 49,4131. The greater part of this increase is accounted for in Constantinople, the proposed expenses of the naval yard and victualling establishment there being 37,0001. more than last year. The other items are-MIedicines, 70,0001.; miscellaneous services, 88,9721.; half-pay, 655,4211.; military pensions and allowances, 494,3631. On all these the gross increase is 869,6961.; and the net increase on the estimates is 291,135Z. These, however, are not all the sums which Sir CnanAxs WOOD will this day ask the House of Commons to vote. Besides the 12,148,6411. for the ensuing year there is the excess of expenditure over the sumvoted last year, andthat is 204,982?. The estimate for the transport service and for prisoners of war is 6,971,5371., while that for the packet service of the Post-office is 756,4871., the former being 205,269?. ard the latter 1,2481. over the votes of last year. In all the sum required is 20,081,6471.-a figure that will give some idea of the magnitudle of the enterprise on which we are now enmbarked, and the cost of war.
The trial of the indictments against Dr. YsvoAwas- maust be added to the list of cav,ses ccWnes which were brought before the Central Criminal Court last week. As the jury instantly returned verdicts of acquittal in the two cases which were tried, and as the counsel for the prosecution admitted that in the first case the jury could not come to any other conclusion, as he retired from the second, and declined to proceed with the third, the public may very fairly believe that Dr. VAuGHuA is entirely free from criminality in these matters. There is really nothing beyond the station of the person acecsed to distinguish these trials from criminal proceedings of the most ordinary description. There was a vast deal of blundering, an equal share of illwill, a good dose of malice, a strong aspersion of peijiury, and a perfect storm of idle gossip. It is not very difficult to understand how from these elements a criminal prosecution was compounded and directed against an unpopular man. Dr. VAunnAx was last year the incumbent of St. Matthew's Church, Brixton,-a district of Lambeth parish. Now, there is an act of Parliament, 1st WanL t IV., s. 20, which provides, "that any person who shall knowingly and wil"fully insert, or cause or permit to be inserted, "in any register of baptisms, marriages, or burials, "any false entry of any nmatter relating to a mar"riage, birth, or burial, shall be deemed guilty of "felony, and be subject to certain punishments, "in the discretion of the Court." In the parish of which Dr. VAuGna was incumbent there were certain fees chargeable for burials, the amount of which was doubled in the case of persons who were non-resident. On the 6th of June last year a woman named JAN-z Wism, who lived in Parkplace, Park-road, Clapham, died. The Clapham district in which the deceased had resided, and wherein she died, lies beyond the St. Matthew's district; consequently, aS she was buried withi the St. Matthew's district, there arose the liability to pay double fees on her burial. When the funeral took place PLIMTJtB, the undertaker, gave the double fees and the regis. traf's certificate to MALTBY, the sexton, who, in his turn, handed them over to Dr. VAuGuAo. The rev. gentleman-we are, of. course, but echoing the words of the charge against him,-after the ceremony was performeed made an entry in the rough book, and afterwards in the register, to the effect that the deceased had been buried from Acre-lane, which was within St. MattheW's district. This involved the payment of a single, in place of a double fee. The case broke down on the crossexamination of Ptummm and MBATny. PziM= had been acting as parish clerk, but had been dismissed by Dr. VAuGHA. He had been greatly exasperated against him, and had stuck up- bilIs about the parish reflecting on the character of the incumbent. This witnessalso stated that-a portion of Acre-lane is in the St. M£atthew's district, and he positively refused to swear that he had not heard MAITrY, the sexton, mentioning Acre-lane as the place from which the funeral had came. MmTBY, the sexton, came out even worse from cross-examination. Dr. VAUG&xe, he admitted, had given him money when he was in great distress. The sum thus advanced to him was 121. 1AxmY soon repaid Dr. VAoosgSs kindnes3 by bringing an action against him for 21. lOs., and when the Doctor brought against him in turn an action for the 121. he swore that he was not indebted to him in any such sum. "The County "Court Judge said"-it is MA'rny who speal;"that he had committed perJury, and he should " consider whether he ought not to cormnit him, "and he afterwards said he should not do so, "because Dr. VAuGEr- was wealthy enough to " prosecute him." Such were the two leading witnesses in the case. The evidence broke down, and immediately the Judge had delvered hiseharge the jury unhesitatingly returned a verdict of "Not "Guilty:' Such was the result of Friday's proceedings. When Seijeant WmRms proceeded with the next indictment on Saturday morinng-asn ay be seen by reference to our criminal rep6rt of this dayhe was compelled to tell the jury that he himelf heartily agreed with the verdict of the preceding day. His witnesses had made such an exhibition of themselves in the jury-box, and had given their evidence in such a manner, that he was quite preparedfor the verdict. The indictment,however,with which he was then about to proceed rested upon unexceptionable testimony, and yet such was the force of the evidence brought for the defenca that Serjeant Wn=s was compelled to vwithdraw from the case before its conclusion. The facts charged were similar in all respects, save in the names, to those mentioned in the former indictment. This time Wmraa%t RAvEN was the name of the deceased, and he died in the Kennington district, for which double burial fees were chargeable. The first case was remarlkable for the introduction of another umdertaker in place of Pium=. This was one Fitmxaucx HAYnox, who swore that he, in company with MALTBY, the tainted witness of the last case, had gone to Dr. VAuronA" with respect to the funeral of WnAr.A RAvEN. The Doctor, he said, had received him in his study, and had there told him that if he allowed the funeral to take place he must have double fees. These were given to Dr. VAuoHI, who thereupon gave tlhe witne6s a receipt, which he had lost. When he was going away Dr. VAuGonA told him that if anybody inquired of him where the funeral came from he must tell a lie. He was to say that it came from PRobert-street, which was within the St. Matthew's district. The sexton (MALrTv) was called to confirm the statements of HAYDoD-, and he was certainly a willing witness. Upon cross-examination, however, he contradicted the chief witness in many important particulars, an,d some of his statements were in contradiction with his own previous assertions. For the defence were produced the maidservant who had opened the door for HADoN and LBTBS, and Dr. VAuGniN's two daughters, who were w"ith him in his study when they presented themselves at his house. They positively swore that the two witnesses were never admitted into the study at all, but that Dr. VAUGHaN told them in the hall to apply to the churchwardens upon the business. The two witnesses for the prosecution had so violently contradicted each other, the evidence for the defence was so natural and so straightforward, and the conduct imputed to Dr. VAuGHnAq was altogether so incredible, that M1r. Seijeant Wms very wisely withdrew-from. the case.: A verdict of "Not Guilty" followed, as a matter of course, and, as no evidence was offered in support of the third indictment, a similar verdict vas t kken in that case also. Dr. VAUGHAN, then, is free, and nothing remains for him but to prosecute the witnesses against him for conspiracy and peijury. He is bound to do this from a sense of public duty; he will be well advised to do so for his own sake. Thus only can he hope to get rid finally of these odious imputations.
COURT CIRCULAR. WINDSOR, SATURDAY, FEB. 9. The dinner party yesterday included her-Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, his Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Beiningen, the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, Luady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Speath, the Eton. Mary Seymour, and Sir George Conper. The Queen and Prince, accompanied by Prince Ernest of Leiningen, rode out on horseback this forenoon. The Hon. Beatrice Byng, Major-General Bouverie, and Captain Da Plat attended Eer Majesty The Queen, accompanied by Prince Ernest of Leininren, drovot in an open carriage in the afternoon, attenden by the Dnchess of ellington and the Hon. Beatrice Byng. Major-General Bouverie attended on horsaback. The dinner party comprised her Royal Righness the Duechess of Kent, her Royal Highness the Princess Royal, his Serene Highness Prince Ernest of Ieiningen, Ladv Fanny Hloward, Baroness de Spaeth, Colonel the Hon.M. and Lady Mary Hood, Sir James Clark, Colonel F. H. Seymour, and 3Er. Gibbs. SUNDnAY, FEB 10. The Queen and Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, Princess Alice, and Prince Ernest of Leiningen, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household attended Divine service this morning in the private chapel of the Castle. The Duchess of Kent was also at the service. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Wimdsor officiated. A deputation from the Birmingham Lord's-day Defence Committee had an interview with Viscount Palmerston on Friday. The deputation consisted of the Hon. and Rev. T. ML Yorlro (Ra Dean), Rev. John C. Millor (Rector of St. Martin's), Rev. Dr. Maclenzie, Councillor Manton, Ml. Henry Wright, and Mr. E. Heeley, introduced by Mr. R. Spo6ner, M.P., and Mr. e. N. Newdegate. MLP. Mfeetings of the Oxford University Commission -were held at 18, Great Queen-street, Westminster, on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday and Friday last. T.he Commissioner6 present were the Earl of Elleemere, the Earl of Harowby, the Bishop of Ripon. Er. Justice Coleridge, the Hon. Edwvard Twistleton, the Dean of Wells, and Sir John 1Y A wdry, wvith the secretaries.
We believe that the Duke of Wellington has tendered his resignation as Master of the Horse. It wil have been observed that his Grace voted in the majorityagainst Government upon Lord Lyndhurst?s motion for referring Lord Wlensleydale's patent t6 a Committee of Privileges. It is also said that the Lord Chancellor tendered his resignation upon finding his opinion on the same subject at variance with those of several among his colleagues. The Royal MIail Packlet Company's boat Vivd, Captaun Watson, arrived at Dover from Boulogne with his Excellency LSord Cowley and suite on board yesterday afternoon. His Lordship dined at the Ship Hotel and left for Ldondon by thle 7.30 pa.m train. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of a banknote (50455) for 201., for unclaimed taxes. - A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office, Downing-street. The Ministers present were Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granvflle, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of HTrrowby, Sir George Grey, the Earl of Clarendon, MIr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Hon. E. Vernon Smnith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, the Right Hon. J. T. Baines, and the Duke of ArgylL The Countcil sat three hours and a-half. The Right Hon. the Speaker gave his first Parliamentary dinner on Saturday, Feb. 9; the foUlowing members were present :-Lord Palmerston, the Chancellor of the.Exchequer, Sir C. Wood, Sir G. Grey, Mr.Y. Smitb, 3Mr. Baines, Sir B BDO, Mtr. Lowe, Mr. Hayter, Mr.Wlison. Lord Monk-, Lord Duncan, Mz. Brand, -1r.Wassey,Admiral Berkeley, Nr. B. Osborne, Mr. Hforsmnan, IUr. B'itmry, Mr. W. CowPper, Lord E. Brmce, Lord Thil"rave, Lord Drumlin. rig, Mr. F. Peel, Mr. Grenville Berkeloy, Mr. Danby Seymoar, the Atbornay-General, the Soidtor-Genzeral, the Judge-Advocate; and the ttorney-General and SolicitorGeneral for Ireland. 33xcuses were received from Sir B. Peel, Mr. Iabotchere, and Nr. Bouverie.
TE SINDIAN IAh. (aY SBM-A A2iD BRIISH TLGRATH.) We hive received tho following telegraphic de. ppatch from Trieste "TMSTE, SUNDAY, FEB 10. " The steamer Australian arrived here this mornbg,at 9o'lock,in 113 hoiurs from Alexandria, which place she left on the 5th of February. "1 The Indian mail left Alexandria on the 5th of February, with dates from Calcutta of the 8th of January, aLd Bombay of the 1Ith of January. " The Santal rebelion is over. cA A great fire toolk place at Rangoon on tha 10th ot December, with a loss of 200,000g. "I The Bank of Bengal has declared a dividond of 20 per cent. "Trade is dull, and prices low. "The money-market is tight. "Public aecurities have murther declined. "Exchange at Calcutta, 2s. 21d." We have received the .3'lriteur of yesterday. It cloe not contain any news of interest.
TEE; BRITISH AWKY IN THE CRIMEA. (EnRo OUR OWNn COBBESPO.NDET.) CAW[P BEFOIlE SEBASTOPOL, JAi. 28. The destruction of the docks will, it is fully expected, be completed this week. Only one of them, the westermost, still partly retains its origuizl aspect; the others are mere chasms, partially filled with ruins. Although to most persons the general aspect of these docks has probably become wellknown from descriptions and drawings, I will briefly explain their position and arrangement. They extend nearly due north and south (a little to the east of north and west of south), and consist of three inner docks, a basin, and two outer docks, with a lock between them. The Frsnch tndertookz the de.3truction of the outer docks, the locks and the northern half of the basin; the English that of the inner docks and the southern half of the basin. The lock, although capacious, was easier to destroy than a dock, its circumference being a plain stone wall, instead of heavy stone steps fit for a giant's staircase. The French have done their share of the work very effectually, and I see nothing that remains for them to destroy. For various reasons the English works were more gradual in their progress, but have not been less thoroughly caried out, and, if a non-professional, but highly-interested observer may express an opinion, they do great credit to the scientific skiUl of the engineers towhomn they vere intrusted. I believe the first idea was to blow lip the whole at once, which would probably have given a sore picturesque and, to appearance, more thorough ruin. But this plan was abandoned by reason of the dampness of the groumd. Water flowed in from the ravine in rear of the docks, and rose in the shafts of the mines. It is Drobable that, had the engineers waited to explode the numerous mines until all of them were complete, the powder would have become damp in many of them and would not have ignited; so it was resolved to blow up a little at a time. It is difficult for any one who has not seen these docksbothbefore and since their destruction fully to appreciate the magnitude of the operations and the force that mnust have been applied to -root -kp and utterly overthrow such massive constructions, such hugo blocks of granite so firmly cemented, such mighty timbers, 'which lie miapped asunder like reeds or rent into huge splinters. A stroll about the environs of Sebastopol, and the sight of the enormous cannon-balls and fragments of monster shells that strew the bround in all directions impress orne with a respectful idea of the power of powder; but the respect is vastly incre-ased by a view of the havoc it has played in such stupendous works as the docks-structures formed to last for ages, and to the duration of which no limit could be ssaigned. The difficulty of destruction was enhanced in the case of the docks allotted to the English by the fact that these were in part hewn out of sold rock. The basin thus formed was lined with hu-ge masses of stone, and between rock and stone earth was filledin. The engineers availed themselves of thesoft interval fortheirmines, and blewthe walls and counterforts inwards, but the rock remains, mnarking in places the outline of the docks. The counterforts were of prodigious strength and thickness. Then there was a deep covered drain outside the docks, for the purpose of emptying them when desired, of which the engineers, of course, made use. Greatly incommoded at first by the water that flowed down the ravine in their rear, they overcamune this difficulty at no small expense of labour. Their mode of operating against the docks varied according to circumstances, but seems to have consisted in great measure of regular mines, with shaft and gallery. Two of these shafts, down which I yesterday looked are about 30 feet deep. They are situated one on each side of the vwestern dock, and in one of them, which is at about o0 feet from its entrance (between it and the centre dock), an unfortunate accident occurred on Saturday last. The engineers had blown up the eastern pier, or extremity of that side of the dock, to which a gate is attached-one of the jaws of the dock, as I may say, which are closed by the gates; and this explosion seems to have been as complete in its effect as any that have tak.en place. The huge mass was lifted up and dislocated, and the enormous transverse beams, masses of black timber of incalculable strength, were torn from their fastenings, snapped in twain, and remained with their splintered ends resting against each other, in the shape of a house-roof. Below the pointer1 axch thus formed is a black chasm, and heaped around are piles of displaced stone and dusty ruins. Everything is removed and riven without being scattered; aud this is the object at which our engincers have constantly aimed. They have sought all along, and generally with much success, so to proportion the charges of their mines that, wEie everything shoud be overturned, rooted out, and thro.-n into the utmost confusion (literally topsyturvy), as little as possible should be thrown out of tsie crater. And accordingly most of their explosiows have not hadtheappearance which would popula3ly bo anticipated from the letting off of two, three, or niore thousand pounds of powder. There was i" diverging gush of stones, but a sort of rtimbliug convulsion of the grouind; a few blocks and fi-agaients were cast up to a moderate height, but thte effect upon the spectator was that of some gigamtic subterranean hand just putshing the masses a short distance out of their places, turning them upside down, and rolling them over each other in a cloud of sinoke and dust. There were probably- tro reasons for the caire with -which the en:gineersmeasured their charges. One n-av be that by leaving the docks encumbered and fillc;t up with their ow-n ruins they bequeath a iarder task to any future rebuilder thna if they scattered the stone liings far and wide, and left the c.las conpar«tively cleiar. Tlhe secondreason may Tic thI' t by more violent explosions they would probabliy have shaken down buildings, overthrown the dockyard wav'll (which already totters and loses stonu;fr.iur its surnmitwhen amine islet ofi), and perhaps have ciused accidents. -As it is, these operations havc been tll occasion of extremelylittle loss of life or injury to limb. The ilussians have fired a great deal at times, but their shots have not told, and, although their .i- has been occasionally accurate enough, fhell after shell falling into tlhe docks, at others they have ;nAde very badl practice, shells intended for the inner docks falling near the shears, or in other direc-. tions wide of then ark. A couple of nmen of the ISthiRegiment were kill6e , a Sapper was wounded a few days ago, not very severely, and I think there havebeen one or two other men hurt. Of accidents occurring from the explosions I have heard of none, except the one on Saturday last, referred to above, and which was of a peculiar nature. The explosion by the dock-gate had taken place, and some Sappers were busy at the bottom of a shaft 40orW0feetoff,when a noxious gas generated by the explosion entered the gallery,filtering through the intervening earth. The effect was gradual-one after another the men became giddy, and some of them insensible. With infinite alacrity and courage non-commissioned officers and soldiers descended the shaft, braving a danger -which seemed the greater because its extent and atutre were unknown, to succour their comrades, and as they got down they in turn 'were overpowered by the offensive gas. Major Nicholson and Lie tenaut Graham also 'went down, and suffered in x isequence. The former was insensible, when, supported by his men, he reached the top of the shaft, and it was some time before he recovered. To sum up the accident; one man perished, and seven or eight were seriously affected, but have since recovered. A man went down into the uine, after the accident, holding in his mouth the-extremnity of a tube down which air was pumped tojhim, and he -walked about 'with perfect impunity and collected the men's caps and things they had left behind. The man who died was a soldier of the 48th Regiment. Two surgeons were on the spot, and tried everymeans to recover him, but in vain. The destruction of the far-famed docks of Sebastopol, which has been for some 'weeks in progress, and is now on the point of termination, is an event in the annals of military engineering. A regular diary of the operations has been kept by the officers engaged, and this, should it ever be published, cannot fail to be most interesting. War has stem necessities, but there is something lamentable in seeing such great and magnificent works as these docks were thus pitilessly destroyed. All that yesterday afternoon remained (worthy of mention) was the walls of the 'western dock, and their frmgmebts; before the wveek is out these will be added to the mass of rubbish. It maygive some idea of the labour necessary to reconstruict these docks to say that after clearing away the ponderous ruins it would be necessary to dig down some 2)0 feet below the original bottom-so much has the earth been disturbed by the successive explosions-to dnve piles and use concrete, and form an entirely new foundation. The French explosion I mentioned in a recent letter as having been effected by sinking in the water a huge iron vessel fudl of powder was intended to destroy the bottom at one of the entrances, and appears to have succeeded better than 'was supposed, a chzasm eig,ht feet deep having been ascertained by soundiag. The 'works of our Engineers have been very successfull and creditable to their skill and foresight. Few mines, out of the large numb)er that have been fired, failed to ex:plode. The stro"v report of inmediate peace that prevailed the other iay caused the works to be accelerated by every possible means, and I understnd that there was then a failure or two. The operations must have been replete with valuable experience to the officers engaged in them. In yesterday's General Orders it was announced that money-orders, payable at all post towns in the UInited Kingdom for sums not exceeding 51., will henceforward be issued at head-quarters post-office on Mondays and Fridays, and at Balaklava on Wednesd.ays and Saturdays, between 10 a.m. and 3p.m. This is an excellent measure, and can hardly fail to tend to the diminution of drunkenness, whiclh, although not so rife as in autumn, is still far too prevalent, especially on Sundays. Mr. J. Smith, chief postmaster at Constantinople, has arnived hereto superintendthe arrangement, and be present at the opening of the money-order offices. The weather has been fine since my last, and the camp is rapidly drying under the influence of sun and of rather a high wind. Yesterday was a cloudless and lovely day, 'worthy of the month of :May, and as there was little duty to do (it being Sunday), and PS the ground was in an improved state for riding and walking, the coiuntry was covered with ramblers of all ranks. Innumerablegroups of officers rode into Sebastopol after church service, and a I stream of soldiers, sailors from Balaklava, Army Works Corps men, and all manner of nondescripts, on foot and on horseback, flowed in the same direction. The Russians were quiet till about 2 o'clock or somewhat later; about that time there 'was a flag of truce in the harbour (these are frequent now, chiefly for the e=change of prisoners' letters), and as soon asthatwas over andthe flag down Ia shell came singving across to the English part of the towvn, pitching and exp1oding a little beyond the south-eastern corner of the dockryard. Subsequently to this the enemy, tempted, doubtless, by the number of visitors they must have discovered, threw in several shells. Coming in from Sebastopol, over Picket-house-hill, the camp had quite a homely and snug appearance, aS it lay basking lazily m the Sabbath sunshinie, its numerous smoking chimneys teling of Sunday dinners in preparation; and one could hardly fancy that, if all we hear be true, in a few weeks' or months' tine this extensive military city will have disappeared from the earth's stuface, leaving a blackened and ashes-strewn desert. Although the news of Russia's acceptance of the idtiimuraum appears positive, and is confirmed by recent letters received in camp from Constantinople, a reaction has taken place in the military mind, and doubt is cast uipon that which, a very few days ago, obtained almost universal credence. In many cases the wish, perhaps, is father to the doubt, for there are many here to whom peace is unwelcome. That thlere is a strong probability of its being made is evident from the fact of a conimissariat offlcer having been sent off to suspend contracts and stop supplies in Constantinople, Malta, and Italy, and to make such arrangements as plainly indicate an expectation that hostilities are drawing to a close. If peace be made, how long shall we be getting away from this is a question one hears continually asked and replied to by various conjectures. A great deal 'wil of course depend on the amount of shipping that can be supplied. I understand that the QuartermasterGeneral's people say it would take a year to get men, nostio, and stores of lil kinds away, and to clear the English army and its appcutenances entirely out of the himea and Turkey. Probably thisis rather an exaggerated estimuate of the tune really necessary, and yet, bearing in mind the immense quantity of thingls that will have to be removed, one ean hardly pronounce it so. The horses alone ldn require a vast deal of shipping. Osicers 'whose rank and position in the service entitle them to horses can hardly be refused permission to tak-e them home, or be fairly compelled (unless compensation be given) to sell the animals here, wvhere the glut would render them unsaleable. It is to be expected that htts, furniture, and all sorts of household property 'will be condemned to the flames. I shonld not suppose that many persons 'will be very solicitous to take home Crimean beds, lunless it be as a pleasing mtemento of voracious fleas and blankrets of qusestionable cleauli- ness. But, however much baggage may be cut down, and superfluties not worth the cariage consigned to the fames, the departure of the British army from the East will be such a litting as has rarely if ever been witnessed. TtY. 29. The weather continues fine. The Russians fired rather briskly last night.
POSITION OF THE RUSSIAN FORCES IV THE CRIMEA. The following is said to be an exact statement of the -disposition of the Russian forces m the Crleea :e i General Commanding-in-Chief, General Gorttchakoff. Chief of the Staff, General Kotzebue. Corps *f Grenadiers.-Ist Division towards Eapatoria; 2d and 3d Division, SimpheropoL 3d Carps. General Souchoganicki.-7th on the Korales I'lateau; Reserve Division stationed on the heighis of the Delbek; 8th, Maackenzie Plateau; 9th, Worth-side Posthonse. 4th Corps, General Osten-Sacken.-IOth, on the Tonzla; l1th, gErzinla Platean; 12th, on the Belbek; 14tb, on the BorIgara k. Li,icers, Gtneral Badziwfll-BeforeEnpatoria. Dragoona of General Wramgel.-Eopatoria. ?d Division of Dragoons, in the NorthSteppes. Ilt h I`eghuent of Cossacks of the Don-Steppes. Cr.e Brigade of Hussars-Boulganak. With azilitia to each regiment of the line the whole strength is from 15,0W) to12?,COW),
SECOND EDITION,. 2EffB TIMES OFFICE, Monda!, Morning. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The followinm is the letter of our Paris corre spondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.- It was rumoured for the last two or three days that Baron Branow would arrive last night in Paris; and that he had arrived. This is not true; Baron Brunow is not expected, I am assured, before the middle or perhaps the end of the present week; and Coumt Orloff not for three days after. They will both take xip their quarters at the Hotel of the Russian Embassy, which has been vacant since the departure of M. de Kisseleff: Count Buol is expected on the 15th or 16th, and will lodge at the Motel dela Terrasse, in the Rue de Rivoli, near the Placedela Concorde. Lord Clarendon's quarterswill be either at the Hotel Bristol or the Hotel du Louvre. Agooddealoffestivitywilltakeplaceontheir arrivall; and both at the Tuileries and the Foreign Office there, will the banquets, concerts, and similar amusements. They will be more or less lively as the Conferences progress harmoniously or otherwise. Here no great importance seems to be attached:to the efforts made by Prussia to be edmitted to the Paris Conferences. It is quite natural that Austria should desire to have the support of the Diet in what she has done, and that the propositions Russia has accepted should be adopted by the Gerlan States. Considering how France and England are now situated with respect to Austria, nothing which iszof imrortance to her can be indifferent to them; but whether the German States approve or disapprove the policy wlich has led Austria to ally herself so clesely with us is a matter of little moment. The partisans of Prussia suppose that an invitation will be addressed to her to take part in the Conferences of Paris on the ground of her being one of the great Powers of Europe, with the right to intervene when an alteration is to be made in the Treaties of July, lZ41, and to which she had been a contracting party. This pretension has been already disposed of by M. Drouyn de Lhuys in the following passage of his note of the 26th of January, 1855a- " As to the European concert, it was habitnally for the last 40 years formed of five Powers. Nevertheless, four of those Powers, in one of the preceding phases of tho Eastern question, came to an understanding without Franee. The concert nas not re-established till after the incidents which gave rise to the treaty of the 13th July. An analogous fact may again occur without any anomaly in thepresenit circunm stances. In order to intervene in a discussion a title is ab. solutely necessary, and the only one which Prussia lays claim to is her quality of a great Power. In this world there are no rights without their correlative duties, and generally conditions of peace are not treated by a party who hasnot uande war, or, aat all events, who does not accept the contingency of taking an active part in it." Nothing can be more just than this view of the case. I[he principles there laid down apply in every respect to present circumstances; and it is difficult to believe that the Western Powers will either invite or summon to the Paris Conferences any state that has not aided, as like Sardinia, or that does not engage to do so, should circumstances require it. Enougb, and more than enough, has been done to excite Prussia to something worthy of the position she occupies in Europe, but in vain. Prussia has remained irsensible to her own honour, and regardless of her own interests. The situation she is in has been cleated by herself. She has made her choice-it is that of neutrality; and France and England ou.ht to make no effort to disturb her inglorious repose. To take part in the preliminaries of peace, to which she has not only not contributed, but which she had retarded, is out of the question as far as can be known at the present moment, though when the moment comes for signing a definitive treaty of peace, she will be invited to give it her adhesion. The question of the necessity of a preliminary discussion, in order that the Cabinet of Berlin shlall know exactly what it is she is called upon to accept, is merely the repetition of the one discussed so long ago on General Wedell's mission to Paris, and will only occasion a waste of time, which would Lbe all to the advantage of Russia. It may, or it may not, be true, that at the last hour thle personal influence of the King has contributed to the pacific resolution of the Czar and to the acceptance by him of the Austrian 111imncitum. But if it be true, it can hardly give to Prussia a greater title to take part in the conferences than to any other of the German States who have acted similarly, but who put forward no such claim. The counsel given by Prussia was not more sincere, more timely, nor more judiciouis than that of Bavaria and Saxony. It has been affirmed, and perhaps truly, that even Belgiiur. and Holland were not wanting in the same pacific missions, and it is hardly -an exaggeration to say that the treaty which Sweden has had the courage to make with Powers at war with Russia contribluted in a very important degree to the ac ceptance of the propositions of AL. Esterhazy. Indeed there is hardly a neutral State of Europe that has not in this respect as good if not a better right than Prussia to take part in the Paris Conferences. ' The analogy attempted to be established by the partisans of Prussia between her and Austria is witlhout foundation. Prussia has not been a belligerent, but neither has Austria. But this Power has at all events provided for the contingency of becoming so, and has varned R1ussia of the fact. She has concluded a treaty with those who were at war with Russia, and a convention, whether for good or evil, with Torkey, who stands in this contest as the more direct enemy of Russia. She has occupied a portion of the Ottoman territory for the avovwed purpose of preserving it against our enemy, and has declared she would prevent bY force of arms any new attempt to invade it; and her latest act vas a menace to Russia that in case of the rejection of her ultimatum she -would take the last step which ought to immediately precede a declaration of war-namely, the recall of her Ambassador from St. Petersburg. When Prussia can show such a title to participation in the peace negotiations she may tlen demand to be placed in the same position as Ausatia. That Russia will leave nothing undone to secure for Prussia admission to the Conferences is certain. It is manifestly her interest to do so. Russia, notwithstanding her " pure and simple" acceptance of our propositions will endeavour not merely to obtain the best terms possible for herself, but to divide the councils, and weakea the influence of those with whom she hasto deal. A private letterfrom Brussels, which I have this day seen, states positively that Russia has not yet given up the hope of damaging~ the Anglo-French Alliance. A Russian residimg in that place and long practised in diplomatic wiles has been known to declare that he did not yet despair of seeing that alliance dissolved, or seriously impaired during the Conferences, and that he regretted that an allia.nce between lRussia and France had not been formed immediately after the establishment of the Impelial rHyiie, but that the chances were not yet exhausted. That Russia Will put aU her arts in requisition on the present occasion no one doubts. She ,,ill do her best to spin out the Conferences as much as poEsible, and it will be the duty of our Plenipotentiaries to prevent her. To such7 distinguished men as the Plenipoten. tiaries who are to represent the allied Powers in 'Paris it may seem presumptuous to offer hints or advice. Nevertlieless they may be reminded that there is an instance of diplomacy on record which it maybe well for them not to forget. In that instance two negotiators, who had quite as good an opinion of their talents for striking a bargain as either Machiavelli or bMettermich, were successively I taken in by tho same person, though the second had the example of the first before his eyes. No envoyever went forth on an important mzission more confident of success than did Moses Primrose to sell a colt at tlle fair, and "'buy a horse for the family, that would carry single or double upon an occasion." We have not forgotten the hopes founded on the talents and experience of Lord John Russell when he set out for Vienna; but what lie brought back was as worthless as the "gross of green spectacles with copper rims and shagreen cases." We are now going a second time to the fair, and we shaU then have to encounter a pair of Russian EphraimJenkinsons, who will talk profoundly on " cosmogony or creation of the world, which has puzzled philosophers of ail ages," and will quote " Sanchoniathon, MIanetho, Berosus, &c." Let us hope that the result vwiU not be similar, and that instead of real value for our goods we shall not be put off, like the learned Dr. Primrose, with "a draft at sight upon Solomon Flamborough." The ship of the line Duperr6, and the frigate Nemesis, left Toulon on the 8th instant, for Kamiesch. The 2d company of the 2d battalion, and a detachament of the 1st Regiment of Elngineers, have been ordered to quit Arras, on the 15th instant, for Marseilles, where theynare to embark for the East. The Sinai, which sailed on the 7th instant, from Xarseilles, for Constantinople, had on board 360 men, belonging to different corps: Colonel Kauiensli, Commander of the 2d Regiment of Polish Cossacks, three captains, three lieutenants, four ensigns, nine volunteers, and a sergeant-major. Four English officers also took passage for the East n that packet. Two professors and 12 students of the Schools of law and Medicine were tried yesterday by the Correctional Court of Paris, for participation in the riots which occurred on the 5th and 12th ult., at the lecture of M. Nisard. One of them was acquitted, and the others -were sentenced-the two professors to six months' imprisonment, five of the students to three months, four to one month, and the others to 100f. fine. A despatch from MIadrid denies the truth of the statement taken by the Patrie from a Spanish paper, of a military conspiracy having been discovered at Vittoria. Mr. de Moustier, French Minister at Berlin, arrivedin Paris yesterday. The Anmuaire des Postes publishes the receipts of the post-office in 1855, from which it appears that the letters, 233,517,000 in number, produced 45,787,761f., and printed papers, pamphlets, books, journals,&c.,3,709,386f. Independentlyoftheabove letters, 30,919,704others were forwrardedby the posto2ice free of charge for the service of the State; 3,Z49,498 letters were thrown into the dead letteroffice. The addresses of 98,894 were completely illegible, and 1,946 had no addressat alL In 1849 the numnber of stamps sold was 21,232,665, representing a suni of 4,446,766f. In 1855 the stamps sold amounted to 148,433,000, and produced 28,533,595f. In 1847 the pre-payment of letters was only in the proportion of 10 per cent.; in 1855 it increased to 85 per cent. The Three per Cents. closed on Saturday at 72f. 75c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 96f. 75c.; and the newLoan at 73f. 50c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,240f. ; Great Nortiern, 935f. ; Strasburg, 955f.; New Shares, 807f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,220!.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,380f.; Western of France, 845f.; Bordeaux and Cotta! 735f-; Great Central'of Franace, 635!.; L^yons and Geneva, 736!. 25c.; P.ank of Cridit MIobilier, 1,5S0f.; Austrian Railwiays, 860f. Cours Autleatiy&-Ps, Feb. 9.-Cash Prices.- Four-sand-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years) 96f 15e. 30c. 96f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (40 er cent. 97!. ;dito, Certificates (40 per cent, paid), 97f, per n.,72f. 15o. 20c. 25c SOc. 2S.Sc 0. ditto, rst Loan of 1855 (70 per cent. paid). 72f.; ditto, second Loan of 1855 (40 per cent.pad),73f.; ditto, Certificates (40 per cent. paid), 73f.; Bank of France, 3,495f. Credit Foncier, 640f. 645.; ditto, Obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 435*f.; dtto Three per CetS. 370f. 375E£; Credit Mobilier, 15f.160..47.50c. I'M.fw Discount Bank-, 635£ 640f. 645!. C50!.; Piedmontese Five per Cents., 89f.; Austrian Five pr Cents., 87 Belg Tan Tihrce per Cents., 96f; Rente do Naples (Rothschild, 112; Roomans, 874 A; Haytan Loan (1856), 515- SDanish Deferred coavcrtne , 24; dit, interiorDebt,8 347 4. Exchange on London. at sight, money, 23f. 30c.; three months, money, 24!. S5c. AUSTRIA. (EROn1 OUR OWN aOTlSPOlsDNsT.) VE:NNA, Fm. 6. The premium on the shares of the Credit Bank has fallen some C or 7 per cent. during the last few days, but the reaction excites no astonishment in financial circles. A very considerable part of the shares has now passed into whlat are technically called " firm hands," as the majority of the original holdesslost no time in selling,ltwith a profit of 45 per cent. and SO per cent., stock on which only 30 per cent. had been paid up. The Credit Bank has not yet entered into any business of importance, but the 18,000,000fl. which were paid in at the beginning of last month have not been badly employed. Indeed, it is related that during the month of January the Company profited about 500,000fl. on the National Loan, which is now at 861,, although it was as low as 75 and 76 some 10 days since. A Southern German Bank has been formed at Darmstadt, with a capital of 20,000,000 il., but it must not be confounded with the " Darmstadt Bank," which has been established some years. The latter paid a dividend of 11 per cent. last year, and it is belie-' +he new, establishment vwill be equally prospero' -air of the Vienna-LiuzSalzburg Railroad is yet definitively settled, but it is arranged that the whole line-aloout 320 English miles-must be completed in five years. On the lt of Febraary Baron von der Pfordten, the ]Bavarian Minister-President, informed the Chamber that the Government had resolved to permit private companies to construct the projected lines of railroad. The Minister added, that the Bavarian Government would guarantee. that the railroads should pay a certain rate of interest. It has been announced that recruits of 5 feet 5-the lowest standard in Austria--will be taken into the r3giments of the line this year. Count Karmicki, the counsellor of the Austrian legation in St. Petersburg, has arrived here, but it is not known why he has quitted his post. Cardinal Viale Prelh gave a grand dinner on MIonday last, at which four of the Austrian Ministers and some of the representatives of the foreign Powers were present. FEB1sUAR5 7. T'le incubus which now weighs on the minds of Austrian politicians is the Russo-French alliance, which they see looming in the distance, but the Emperor Napoleon, who must be well informed of what is passing in the world, cannot think * of making Russia his mainstay, the prop of his dynasty. The Russian Court looks on the present ruler of the French as neither more nor less than a fortunate adventurer, and Louis Napoleon cannot be ignorant that the Russian Grand Dukes received positive orders from their late father on all occasions to treat the Count de Charnbord as the King of the French, and that they never failed to give him the title of Majesty, and to insist on his taking the place of honour. Count Buol leaves for Paris on Wednesday, the 13th, and little business of importance is likely to be transacted during his absence, as Baron Werner, the Under Secretary of State in the Foreign Department, has a remarkable disinclination to take any responsibility on his own shoulcders. It is re. lated that Count Colloredo, the Austrian 31inister at the Court of St. James's, will meet 'Count Buol in Paris. Itisrumoured in the citythat Baron prokesch willgo fromn onstoutinople to the French Capital, but thereportiscertainlyunfounded. One of theper- EOiiS appointed to accompany the Austrian MIinisterI for Foreign Affairs is the Aulic Counsellor, I de Mletzl, who, having passed many years of his life ia Constantinople, is so extremely well versed in Oriental matters that the presence of Baron Prokesch at Paris would be quite superfluous. To-day Count 13echberg will move in the Bund that that body do formally accede to the propositions of peace, but it is foreseen that Austr ill again be defeated by Prussia and -the second-rate German States. Prussiaand her adherents profess to be afraid of the elastic fifth proposition! Accordingto atelegraphic despatch received here last night, Aali Pasha is preparing to leave Constantinople for Paris. According to St. Petersburg advices Count Orloff and Baron Brunow will leave for Paris on the 8th. It is not believed that they will remain long in Berlin. When Count Orloff was here some 15 or 16 mnonths ago he camried matters -with a very 1hig hand; he affected to ignore Count Buol, and was greatly inclined to hector the Emperor, but he will probably be on hiis good behaviour while at Paris. The Wiener Zefiunig this evening officially anno-onees that there are prospects of an addition to the family of the Emperor and Empress. PRUJSSIA. (FRova Ow O conPEo.Xnu'.) BERLIN, F. 9. The telegraph has doubtless already iniformed you that Austria brought forward her motion at the Diet in Fraukfort Last Thursday, and that in conformity with the routine of Federal business there it was referred to a committee torepoit on it. It has been stated that it was referred to the " respective committeesr' by which doubtless -were meant the political committee, and that for the Eastern question, but I believe that on the present occasion it is only to the former that it has been referred. From what I have been able to learn here, the motion made by Austria the day oefore yesterday, is for the Bund to adopt the five points, as accepted by PRussia, by which I understand that the Bund shall declare them to contain the n1imi?MtmrVith which it will besatisfied at the conclusion of a peace between the Western Powers and Russia, and, in the case of the latter rendering the peace conferences fatile by tergiversation or shuffling, its willingness to back Austria in her attempts to procure their full and practical acceptance by Russia. I am not suffilciently well acquainted with the course of business in Frankdort to say how soon a resolution can be come to on this matter, but from what I hear here I am not led to expect, that the representatives of the different Federal Powers will exert themselves to bring one about in the shortest possible time, but rather the reverse. The minor States of Germany seem to be so carried away vWith the conviction that the approacling Conferences must lead to asatisfactory pacific result, as to be not unwilling to adopt the five points already accepted by Russia, but they have made the price of their doing so their admission to be represented at the Paris Conference. This, however, Austria, who has hiherto more than once cajoled the Bund withl this expectation, refuases on the present occasion to guiarantee, doubtless in consequence of the decided indisposition of the two Western Governments to admit any representative of that unwieldy and inert body to take part in the regulation of the telrms of the peace it has in no way contributed to bring about; but though Austria will not undertake that the Confederation shall be represented by a spokesman of its owvn, she is very desirous that it should adopt the said " project of preliminaries," anid empower herself to represent it at the conferences, and speak in its name. This is strictly in conformity with the light in which Austria has always, for the purpose of enhancing her owvn importance, represented herself to the allies as having Germany at her back, and the belief in which has constitated a large portion of the great mistakes which our present Government, inheriting the erroneous views of Lord Aberdeen on this subject, continues to commit in its attitude towards Germany. An instance of these erroneous views was the repulsion of all the advances Prussia made new two years back, and the resistance of al her efforts to act as an independent European Power. Our Cabinet has refused repeatedly to look upon Prussia as other than a secondary German Power, unentitled to enter the commuity of the other European Powers, otherwise than wiLlh and through Austria; her exclusion from the European. Areopagus Prussia has of coursebeen obliged to submit to, and the nation has learnt to acquiesce in it gladly ; but her subordinationl to Austria slhe bas in each case since then successfally resisted, as the history of the various raotions made by Austria at the Bund during the last two years shows irrefragably. The same successful resistance will be exhibited on the present occasion; Prussia will, as I have so often had occasion to report to you, refuse entirely to adopt the project of preliminaries which she has had no share in discussing and drawing up, and still more to adopt any obligations in connexion. withlthem. In the same way as she has abstained from any effort to gain admission to the Conferences for herself she will not countenance or back the attempts of the Bambergers to thrast themselves in where they have no right, and the most favourable result to be expected for the Austrian motion will be a sort of half and half compromise. Some of the papers speak of a circular issued by this Government to its representatives at the various German and European Courts, stating its views and intentions at the present conjuncture; the date isnot 16th but 26th of last month, and its contents, if correctly describedto me, tally completely with what I have se-erJ, times lately written to you on the same subject. 1?russia has pleaded earnestly for peace in St. Petersburg for peace's sake, but she refuses to have anything to dowith the Austrian proposals, because they come to her in the -way they do, and she has had no part in their discussion, <cL The current of public opinion in England is still too dead set against Prussia for it to be anything but a waste of time and space to show how from the beginning Prussia has followed the only course that her own circumstances and the attitude of our Government towards her left open to her; but whenever peace is attained it witl be worth while to bestow some attention on thesubject, for the policy pursued hitherto by our Government towards Prussia, which has all but driven her into a Rtussian alliance, will be equally injudicious and disadvantageous to European interests if pursued after the peace. ITALY. The Opibaodn of Tnrin, of the Sth inst., publishes the following report of the sitting in which the Senate voted the loan of 30,000,00 - "The President, the 31arquis Alfieri, having takenl tie chair, the discussion immediately commenced. AUl the 3tinisters, namely, Messrs; CavOr-, Lanza, Darando, Deforesta, and Cibrario, attenaded. "'M. PineDi rose and said,-' Even if peace were concluded, we should hold ourselves prepared for every contingency, for we may not be then at the end of our difri. culties. Piedmont-thanks to the treaty of alliance and I the honourable sacrifices she hls made-hns consolidated her poatkal and moral existence. The bravery and skill of our generals and soldiers shall not prove sterile for us, and we have reason to glory in tbe popular acclamations which saluted the ancient and renowned -banterof SavDy in the two greatest capitals of 3Europe. (Hear, hear.) As for Italian sympathies, who can doubt ,them, after the demonstrations in our favour on every point of the peninsuln, and the' donations for our I §04di n the X rimNea forravdd aoUlPats gf Italy. In future, Piedmont will better rNle to rape' attaclks against Ierindependence andliberty, andtQbrasre any danger that may menace har on the pat of a- Power wbich, although ^'stranger to Italy, nevertheless exerc-mes a very grcat inlluence over hcrdomestic affairs. WlVateverim. lortaneAtaxnuhaa eyh acquirealbylerlast aet,she cannot le placedon anequal footingwi Piedmont, oneof thebelligerent prties. Engand and Fzance will certainly oheck all fnrther extension of the infltence of Austria in Italy, and insure the independence and futurity of Piedmont. I vote in favour of the bilL' " None of the Senators having asked to speak- for or against the bill, its tiree articles were put from The chair and adopted, and the entire bill was afterwardsvote& by a majority of 50 to 7." In its sitting of the (th, the Chamber of Depaties adopted the different chapters of the budget of receipts for 1856, together with the first four irticles of the project of law relative thereto. The (isacussion on the fifth and last article was suspen4ed. The MIinistry calculated that the receipts would amount to 155,745,608 livres, including the 25,000,000 of the loan contracted in Einglind. The General Committee, with the approbation of the Government, fixed the expenses at 157,500,833 livres, reducing the proposed increase on the stamp duty fiom 1,200,000 to 200,000 livres, and augmentiDg the registry duties by 400,000 livres, the duty oin emoluments by 200,000 livres, and that -on Euccession by 400,000 livres. 3Iehensed Djamil Bey, Mlinister Plenipotentiary of the Sublime Port at the Courts of Fance and Sardinia, arrived at Tuatinon the o5th, and presented his credentials to the King. General Alphonse della Ml ora returned: to Turin from Paris on the 7th. SPAIN. (Fnoar OUR OWN coBsPolDLnTr.) 3ADRI)D, FEn 6. The Cortes resnaned their sittings to-day, and the adjourned debate on the basis of the Electoral Law was first on the order of the day. Senor Sorni's amendment, which fixed 110 reals of direct taxation as the ruaximum of the franchise, instead of 200 reals proposed by the Committee, and -which I mentioned in my last letter was tak-en into consideration by a majority of two votes, was discussed to-day, and was supported by Senor Madoz and opposed by Senor Escosura, MIinister of the Rome Department, who however declared that the Government held nao opinion on the subject, but considered it a question left entirely to the Assembly to deal with at 'its discretion; he further recommended the CoD1mittee to withdraw its report, and hear the movers of the different amendments with a view of arriving at a conciliatory arrangement on the subject. The amendment was finally rejected by a majority of one-102 votes against 101; the vote which decided the question being in fact that of the President. The Committee withdrew its Report, and the Cortes subsequently divided into sections. The Tariff Committee has been occupied since my last with hearing the representatives of the iron. and coal interests. The conference with the latter tool, place to-day. It may suffice to say that the ironmasters declare that 50 per cent. protection is not enough for themselves, while they oppose the Government bill because it continnesa duty though a reduced one on coal, which they waiit to have free of all duty, while the coal owners declared that for many years to come the national interests required that Spanish coal should be protected against foreign competition. To-morrow's conference will turn on the question of machinery. The finds have been rather flat to-day. Ille Tlhee per Cents. are quoted officially at 39, sellers, and the Deferred at 24.45. The former tvere done at 3S8, the latter at 24.30. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIIC DESPATCHES. (ouo owis connxEsroms-rEies.) SOUTfTAIPTON, wIoAy Noniommam. Arrived.-Sylph, steamer, from Dublin; Le Coq, from Cherbourg. Sailed.-Clyde and MIary Ann, for Newport; Argyll, steamer, for Carentan; Unanimity and Tyford, for Sunderland; Ripon, steam transport, for 3Malta. Wind S. LIVEPOOL, Ios-nDY Mon:-nioG Axrived.-Eastern Queen, from Charleston; Asia, from New Orleans. Sailed.-Great Britain, for Balakava; Harvest Queen, for New York;. Ebro, for Cornna; Golden Cross, for Trieste; Eesper, for llavanna; Shakspeare, for New Orleans, QUSTOWX FEB 9. licd variable. Arrived.-Excelsior, Resolution, and Eydaspes, from Callao; Anu Vilson, from Mauitius ; Norma, from Honduras; Mlary Theresa, from Hayti; Shields, from Mauritius. (BY SU rilursE mmD snrm nTXoQ B:.L) GRAVIESEND. MoSDAY, 10.25 .A.si. 'Wind S.W., tide five hours' ebb, weather wet, Arrived, Feb. 10.-James littlefield, from. Calcutta; Countess of Winton, from Shanghai; Earl of Durham, from Baladlava; Rubicon, from Calcutta. Sailed, Feb. 11.-Queen of Britain, for Sierra leone. DEAL, MONDAY, 9.11 tsx. Wind S.W., light. Passed.-Dispatch, from Mlauritins, for London. STOCK EXCHANGE. lo.NDAY orHolaix, 11 o'CLocm Consols for Money. ... ... 911 to 911 Consols forAccount (1arch11) ... 9l1EL to R
TO THE EDITOB OF THEETLIS. Sir,-In speling, in the naval debate on Thrsday,.oE the 12 "first-lieutenants" of line-of-b1ttle slupsghoni I Ladpointel out, in a similar discnSsion, in the ouse]of Commons in August last) ban1ng in £he interit l be2u pro. uoted, yoni.have reported me tohave statedtht "each, on nn averae, adbee a leutent fo30earS0g" What I velieve I said, and certainly meant to aay, was, " et, in an arerage, each b ad been 30 y'ears in the naXVal sersioe.- ; - Im, St, vour3,obediently, - G. T. SCOBELL. House of Commons, Feb. 9.
TURKLEY. (rEOYf OUR O0W COB PONDKT.% CONrANTINOPLE, JA0r. 3L The conferences about the Fourth Point have ulvanced another step, and that averydecisive one. You have heard that a great council was held at I the Grand Vizier's on Saturday, the 26th inst., in which the merits of the propositions submitted by the Ambassadors to the Porte were discussed. They tset with a more favourable reception than one couId have expected. Even the Ambassadors were quita prepared to be satisfied if they olbtained part of what was demanded; instead of which, not only aU the princiiles laid down for the insurance of perfect equality of all the subjects of the Porte, without exception, but likewise all other suggestions intended to secure the improvement of the internal administration of Turkey, were accepted. The council only requested the Ambassadors to reconsider some of the terms contained in the project submitted by them to the Porte which they thought might be offensive to the Sultan. The Grand Vizier znd the Minister of Foxeign Affairs, Fuad Pasha, communicated this decision of the council to the Ambassadorson Tuesday last, the 29th inst., in a conference-which was held, at the British palace, and which lasted, with a short : interruption, from 3 dclock in the afternoon until 2 o'clock the next morning. The objectionableterms were without much difficulty removed, and the manner disused in which this important decision should be made known. The first step, I hear, will be an identic diplomatic note from the Turkish M1inister of Foreign Affairs to the Ambassadors of Trance and England and the Internuncio of Austria, acceptingthe principles embodied by these latter in their note of the 22d inst. After this formal diplomatic acceptance a finnan wil be issued containing the principle of perfect equality of aUisubjects of the Po#te, under the form of an explication of the Tauzimat, and the hatti-sherif of Gulhane. A final council will take place to-morrow at the Grand Vizier's, which will definitively settle all these points. It would be useless to say much of this important decision, which places, with one stroke of the pen, the Rayah side by side with the Mahomedan, and which, if carried out, must become the keystone of a new social and political organization in Turkey. But the question is whether such a complete revolution in principle can be carried out in practice without some previous gradual preparation. At any rate, if the experiment succeeds it will be the first case of an old society reformed by general principles, especially general principles which do not emanate from those who are to be benefitted by the-n-nay, which are in opposition to the wishes both of the Christian and Mahoraedan part of the population. One of the mistakes which philanthropic people in Europe, v, ho never saw anything of the real condition and never heard anything of the real wishes of the- Rayahs in Turkey, make is to apply their own feelings to these latte,, and to judge them according to their own notions. The greatest outcry was therefore raised against the unjust and humiliating tribute of the haradj, which was absurdly enough interpreted as the tax paid by Christians to keep their heads, while in reality it 1s only a tax paid as exemption from military service. If they had looked at a dictionary, the meaningr of the- word alone would have explained the mistake. Rayah means one who is protected -that is, who has not to protect himself. As in every other State, the principle in Turkey was' likewise that every one should enjoy rights in proportion to the burdens which he has to bear. In a State which owes its origin to conquest, and which had from the beginning a purely military form, military service was naturally put forward as the indispensable condition of the enjoyment of lull rights. And this principle has been kept up to this day, and forms the basis of the whole inequality between Mlahomedans and non-MIahomedans, or rather between soldiers and civilians. The proof is that all the non-Mlahomedans who serve, or are supposed to serve, in the field enjoy, even without the intervention of the alies, the same rights as the M Tahomedans. All the Christians of Albania, the Chimariotes, the Miriditti, the MIalakassi, the -whole of Bosnia, with the exception of the district of Novi-Bazar, which formed a part of Servia, pay no haradj, and their testimony is admitted in every Turkish court just in the same way as if they were :&ahomedans; nay, even the inhabitants of the district of Gumush-hane are in this position, because they have a kind of ilitary service to do as guards of the mines. The application of this principle, that military service is the chief condition for the enjoyment of the rights of a full citizenship, appear most plainly in the regulations concerning the right to appear as a -witness in courts of law. The testimony of a military man has always the preference over that of a 31ahomedan who is not a military man. The Ambassadors, in embodying their propositions for the establishment of equality between 3Iahomedans and non-Mahomedans, seem to have keen fully aware of this, for, without insisting nuch on the abolition of the haradj, they suppose that this must be ipso fado the case as soon as the principle of indiscriminate enlistment is recognized. The nilitary enEstment of the non-Mahomedans is thus the pivot on which the whole scheme of giving perfect equality to all subjects moves. And this iindiscriminate enlistment, which is urged as a privilege fornon-blahomedans,is vieweed by 99 out of 100 of the-i not as the greatest boon, but asthe greatest curse. Whoever doubts this has only to go into the Enterior and attend an enlistment in the provinces. Ile will see the Mahomedans who are liable to it downcast and despairing, andthose who are exempted 2y means of the haradj blessirg their fate and the miuch-abused haradj which preserves them from s3uch a boon. They will now be subject themselves to this enlistment, and the allies must not expect much gratitude for their interference. It is dangerous to indulge 5n illusions about such an important point. The enlistment will be looked on by non-Mahomedans as a-much greater evil than the haradj, and the difficulties will not proceed from the rulers, or from the Mahomedan part of the population, who will only be too glad to have the burdens which they mow have alone to bear subdivided, but from the Christians themselves; and the allies must ,ie prepared to have an army ready to enforce their boon, or there will be very few Chrislian soldiers in the' Turkish army. If the Christians ontheir side vill not be very much satisfied with this arrangement, the Mahomedans will ie less so with other wholesale improvements, rand this dissatisfaction ought not to be quite overlooked. If even the Christiar3 were heart and soul for the new principles which areproposed bythe allies for the regulation of their social and political poeitions it would be- rather dangerous to drive things to extremes. How much more is this the ease 'when they cannot reckon on the support of those whom they intend to benefit I The mistake onthis score arises from the imperfect mnowledge oE the relative proportions of the Christian and Mahkomedan element i3 European Turkey. Few people know that Turkey ponsesses a more exact census than perhaps any other country for most of her provinces, but unfortunately it is jealously kept from the eye of the foreigner, as it forms the basis of the system of taxation, which certainly does not bear an exposure to broad daylight. In eousequesce of this, and tle little study which hag -been given by tourist to the subject, all information about it is derived from spurious and interested sources who have a proposition to prove-namely, that the nonM1ahomedan part of the population of European Turkey exceeds several times the number of Mohamedans. It happens, then, that the relative proportion of the former to the latter isby the more moderate statists suppo3ed to be as three to one, whereas some go even as faras fiveto one. The confusion which prevails in the ideas about the respective names of Mussulmans and Tu.ks contributes a good deal to this result. People are only counting the Turks by race, instead of including all Mussulmans as they ought. If this was everywhere done,and if tourists would take the trouble to go a little out of the beaten track, these false ideas about the relative proportion of the DMahomedan and non-Mahomedan elements in Turkey would be soon rectified. The greatest part of the M?homedan villages are far away from the main roads. This accounts for their not being seen by flying tourists, who write books solving every difficulty after a couple of months' voyage or half-a-years stay at Constantinople. A careful survey of the country would show that if we except the Danubian principalities and Servia-. both of which being semi-independent do not come into consideration in the present question-the number of MIahomedans is not much - inferior to that of non-MIahomedans in European Turkey. Taking the provinces separately, it would be found thatin Bosnia the two elements are about equal, in Albania the Mahomedans as two to one. Thus, from the centre of Albania, near Ochrida, a belt of Mahomedan villages stretches itself eas'-ward through the whole length of Macedonia and Thrace down to the neighbourhood of Constantinople. The only two provinces where the non-Mahomedan population considerably surpass the Mahomedan are Bulgaria and Thessaly. I insist on these statistical detais because they show the exaggtration of the popular delusion in Europe, that any opposition which the Mahomedan population could make to any interference which would not beto their taste would only lead to their expulsion from Europe. No doubt the foreign armies which occupy Turkey might do a good deal about Constantinople, but it may be doubted whether they would be quite so successful in the provinces, and whether the time which would elapse before they could exert this influence would not entail fearful evils on the non-Mlahomedan population. From these reasons it would have been, perhaps, wiser to proceed gradually by the real introduction of practical reforms, which would have brought immediate benefit with them, than by the forced acceptation of vague general principles, of which there are so many in the Turkish archives, and which, moreover, must throw Turkey into an unsettled state for years to come just at the moment when it is aU important that there should be unity at home in order to resist encroachments from without. The Loan Commission has come at last to an arrangement with the Turkish Mlinistry about the manner of sending out the money from EngIland. With the 400,0001. which has been lately paid down by the commissioners for the payment of arrears to the troops in the provinces the Turkish Government has received in all about 1,500,0001., which includes the 600,0001. paid in advance by the house of Rothschild on account of the loan" As regards the rest of the 5,000,0001., 500,0007. will remain in England to pay for steamers and other thmngs ordered there; 2,000,0001. will be sent out in gold; and 1,000,0001. will be negotiated here by bills of exchange. The house of Rothschild offered, by one of its members who has come out lately from Paris, to negotiate this million at 1 per cent. commission, and promised at the same timc to keep down the exchange at 140 piastres the pound sterling for a whole year. The proposal, however, was not accepted by the commission, who think the principle of public competition to be preferable in such a case, as the cheaper way to get the money, and at the same time a surer expedient to keep down the exchange. The prospects of peace may, up to a certain point, diminish the interest which has hitherto followed all our preparations for war; but it would be rather impolitic to throw down arms before we are sure that we really have peace. All subjects, therefore, connected with the preparations for the next campaign ought to excite attention, if from no other reason, at least, in order to show thatEngland can confidently awaits the issue of negotiations,prepared, as she is, to take the field again should circumstances require it. Constantinople, as the central depot of the allied armies, and as the pivot of all operations in the East, is perhaps the lbest point to watch these preparations. One of the greatest oversights, or, if it could not be helped, one of the most lamentable necessities last year was, that we had no army of reserve ready to replace the losses which were caused by the casualties of the war. The consequence was that the reinforcements which were sent out by driblets were absorbed as they arrived. This is now no more the case. Without mentioning the regiments which are kept in readiness at Malta, Corfu, and Gibraltar, or those which are preparing in England-without reckoning the Turkish Contingent,which may be regarded now asaregularly organized part of the British armv-there isan army of reserve in Constantinople and its neighbourhood amounting quite to 15,000 men, composed partly of British troops, partly of the foreign Iegions, in as good order and discipline as any armed force. The hospitals, 12 months ago the scene of disorder, filth, and dirt, are now models of arrangement and cleanliness, where not only the material comforts of the patients are attended to, but their intellectual improvement is not neglected. Libraries, schools, and lectures afford every facility to those who are wiling to take advantage of them, aud these, I am happy to say, are not few. An eagerness is shown which quite upsets the received notion that soldiers in general, and English soldiers in particular, care very little about the state of their mind as long as their body is well cared for. Even their amusements have not been forgotten. Every kind of game, except cards, is supplied to them, and even a place for their recreation provided. The so-called Inkermaun Caf, is answering very well. There was some apprehension about it some time ago, when General Storks's order appeared forbidding the sale of spirits within his military jurisdiction. Until then, the contractor was allowed to sell spirits of a good quality, and under proper regulations. to the soldiers, who thus got good things cheaper than anywhere else, while, on the other band, every precaution was taken to prevent drunk-enness. The prices for all things sold, regulated by the committee which superintends this establishment, were so low that in most articles they scarcely exceeded the cost price; that of spirits alone was fixed somewhat higher, but still lower than anywhere else, and tne contractor expected to make his profit by their sale. The prohibition of the sale of spirits all over Scataxi altered, therefore, the postion of the contractor, and it became necessary to make some alteration, or else to place the adminiztration of the establishment in the hands of the committee itself. The difficulty-was, however, overcome by raising a little the price of theother articles so as to leave a reasonable profit for the contractor, and indemnify hin for the investments which he had made in spirits. Notwithstanding the prohibition of the sle of spirits, the inkermanrn Caf has customers enough and answers welL T'he last but not the least thing which I must touch in speaking of Constantinople as the central dep8t of the Eastern army is the commissariat arrangements. I went a few days ago over all the stores on the Asiatic side, and I don't hesitate to say that at every step my astonishmnent increased. So would that of every one who visited them, but I heard to my great surprise that I was the first person who had visited these stores without being officially ordered to do so.- Everybody seems to have only thought and looked how the army was provided in the Crimea, but not how and whence the supplies came there. Thus it happened that all the people asked about the stores at Constantinople said they had not seen any; which was enti-ely their fault, for, had they taken the trouble to look for ther, they could have seen them; and they are,, moreover, large enough not to be easily overlooked. Besides a two-decker opposite to the Seraglio Point and a storehouse in the Arsenal, there are four large stores on the Asiatic side. First, at the Barrack Hospital, a large portion of the ground floor of the building, has been appropriated from the beginming for this purpose; a large shed or ward, several hundred feet in length, for forage, and several minor stores near the Palace Hospital; then, at Lower Scutari, a large Turkish granary, with a good quay, which vessels can approach quite close; higher up, at Pasha-liman, is the largest store of nL consisting of the greatest portion of an immens3 granary, containing space enough for ten shiploads of considerable tonnage, besides a large open space for the piling of hay, which, isolated fronmtheground by logs of wood placed underneath, and kept dry by a good drainage, are covered all over with mats and tarpaullins, which secures them most effectually against all changes in the weather. The ground floor of part of the Kululee Barracks is likewise converted into a store, and the open ground before it converted, in the same manner as at Pasha-liman, into a large hay store. To all these another ve.y convenient piece of ground has lately been added near the Imperial Palace at Beglerbey, at the request of General Storks. The great convenience in all these stores is that good-sized vessels can moor quite alongside tShem, which greatly facilitates their loading and unladng and thus saves the paying of demurrage. WVhat with this advantage, and the diligence which the officials employed exhibit, marvellous results are obtained. Thus a short timne ag~o a vessel of about 600 tons, the Lady WharncEffe, which took a whole month to load in England, was unloaded at Lower Scutari in 10 days. The minor arrangements are not less creditable to the zeal of tho officials; not only is the greatest order and caution displayed in piling the stores of different kinds, but labels affixed indicate with what vessel the stores have arrived, and when; and, what is more than all, the cleanliness is such that there is not the least smell perceptible, as all the space inside is whitewashed and the buildings well ventilated. and all these stores were in.the possession of the Cormissariat since the beginning of the war-na, before a singleBritish soldier came out M mr. Smith, the Deputy-Conunissary-General, who is in charge of the department in Constantinople, and who arrived some time before the troops, obtainedthem through the Embassyfrom the Turkish Government. As with the stores themselves, I am afraid it happened like. wise with those who were ia charge of them, only those in the Crimea were remarkcd and Constantinople, the.artery which supplied them,was fnrgotten. There is scarcely a Commissariat officer employed here who has gained a step since the beginning of the war, al favours were bestowed on their more fortunate colleagues in the Crimea; and yet their work is scarcely less; the contrary, perhaps, is the case, for not only everythinlg required for the large depot here has to be supplied by them in detail, but likewise all or most of the articles desied for the Crimea pass through their hands. In fact, Constantinople, as the centre of supplies, is the real place for a Commissary-General, much more so than the Crimea, and things would have been, probably, on a better footing last winter if the supreme direction of this department had been in the centre of supplies, and the official left in charge here would not have been hampered in every step by references to the Commissary-General in the Crimea, who, moreover, had no opportunity of knowing where the things required could be found. Yesterday a sergeant and seven men of the German Legion, who were in guard of the regimental chest, deserted, taking the chest, containing about 1,5001., with them. Measures have been, however, taken to discover and to arrest them.
NA YAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. - o * The letter of our Malta correspondent, of the 5th inst., reports the foDowing naval andmilitary movements there:- " The Cleopatra steam transport arrived from Liverpool, Cork, and Gibraltar, on the25thult., bringingMajorfurton, Ensigns Annesley and Penker, and 142 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 97th Regiment; Ensiun Gilmour and 63 non-commissioned officers and Vrivates3of the 1st Royals; Ensign Tyner and 39 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 30th; Lieutenant Campbell and 15 privates of the 33d; Lieutenant Crossman and 17 privates of the 47th; Lieutenant Hudson and 7 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 50th; Captain Fitzgerald, Lieutenant Cox, and 18 privates of the 68th; Captain Farmer, Ioeutenants Linton and Allen, and 100 non-commissionedi officers and privates of the 82d; Eigns Malcolm, Sheffner, and WVood, and 72 non-commissioned officers and private of he 4th;andAssistant-Sugen ayberd. Ti vessel left for Spithead. n-ugo Wyed 'i "The Baalbec steam transport arrived from Genoa on the 26th. " The Brandon steam transport arrived from London on the 28th with Government stores, bringing Ensign Cross, 46th, and left on the same day for Bal .lava. " The Borussia steam transport arrived from Plymouth on the 31st with stores, and bringing Cap 'Wilmot5 Lieutenant Courteney, Ensigns Bridges, Cox, Kerwin, Loden, Polmage, and Ramley; M1r. Hartnell, Commander Welmhorst, R.N., to join the Princess Royal; Commander Cockraft, R.N., to join the Agamemnon- 81 non-commissioned officers and privates of the 7th, and 98 non-commissioned officers and privates of the East Kent Militia. This vessel left for BAMva on the 28 of Feb. nuary. "lThe Earl of Aberdeen steam transport arrived from London on the 3d, with stores and 151 horses, and having on board 60 hospital attendants for Malta, and for the Crimea Lieutenant-Colonels Doreny, Ist Royals; Mornott and Prie, RA. ; Captain St. John, 928; Captain Mackey, Land Transport Corps; Captains Leslie and Wilkinson R.A.; Lieutenant aSir W. Forbes, Coldstream Guards Leutenant Wyse, 10th Hussars; Lieultenant Downs, R.A.;the Rev. Mr. Beck, Sulrgeon O)dell, Veterinary Sureon S kouldn, RWA.; 60 hospital attendants; and 64 non-commissone officers and glunners of the Royal Artillery. The Earl of Aberdeen left for Baadaaon the 4th. "TeEiasteam transport arrived from England and Gibraltaronthe 4th with stores, and left for Balaklava on the same day. " The steam transport Durham left with stores for Constantinople on the 24th tult. "h Her Majesty's steam gLuboat Arrow left for Kertch on the 27th. " The steam trasprt Victory, which arrived from con. stantinople on the 22d, left forDeptford on the 24th. " The Jane Morrisoni hired sailng transport left for Con- "HEer Majesty's steam frigate Valorous and screw steam gunboat Snake left~ on the 1st of February for Constantinople and the Black Sea. "HBer M+ahjesty's steansoop hlranda arrived from the " Her MIajesty's steam frigate Tribune arrived from the Pinceus on the 30th. "The Pioneer steam transport arrived from Constantinopl on the 31st, with bombs and otherordlnance stores. "The Jura steam-transport arrived from Constantinople on the 21. Captain Arbuckle, owing to illness, landed at Malta. " The Euro;pa steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 28vwith bombs and cannons, having in tow the iron floating steam battery Glatton, and left for Spithead on the 3d. " The Madagascar steam transport arrived from Constantinople on the 2d, and on the samne.day left for Gibraltar. On tne 2d the Mtargaret, hired sailing tr.auport7 also from Constantinople. Prtls "H er Majesty's steam corvette Swallow arrived from the Pimnus on the 2d; and on the 3d, from the same port and Santorin, Her Majesty's screw steam corvette Curlew. I " The Thames steam transport arrived on the 3d from Balaklava and Constantinople. " The Oneida steam transport left for England on the 24th. "The Telerph steam transPort arrived from Corfu Cephalonia, an Zanto on the 27th, bringing Captain Daniel, and left for England on the same day. "1Thie Columbian steam transl?ort arrived fromL M1arselles on the 30th of January, bringing 162 officers, noncommissioned officers, and privates, and left for Kiniesoh on the 1st of February. " The English steamer E mpress Eugenie, in the Turkish: transport service, left for Tnpoli on the 24th conveying 649 Abaman officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates, tinder General Ali Bay Kinta, to put down the insurrection tinder Shiek Gomna. She returned on the 31st, bringing accounts that the regulars had defeated the latter, who tooki to fight into the interior, with no more thn ten followers. Mr. Hanmilton, an Englighman, whose correspondence with a person at Malta in regard to a Sicilian legion to be raised thereat for the support of lGouma has been intercepted, was stil in a dungeon, loaded: with chains, awaiting the departure of a schooner of war for Constantinople, theme to he tried. "The Peninsular and Oriental Company'a steampacket Vectis arrived from Marseilles on the 3fst. " The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steam packet Euxine arrived from Southampton and Gibraltar on the- "TheClyde,Frenchpostalsteamer, arrived from Alex- andria on the 1st of February, and left for Marseilles on the same day, conveyin Lieutenant Hardinge, R.N. "The Thabor, French poPtal steamer, arnved from MWarselles on the 3d, and likewis from the same port the Hydaspe. " The Capitol,Frenchpostalsteamer, has.arrivedfromnMarseilles, bringing, among other agers; Lieutenants Chap lin and Acton, 51st ; Captain Rion and Lietenant Helme.-89th i Captain Pennefather and Lieutenant Ball, East Kent Militia. " The Melita and the Egyptian screw steamers arrived from Alexandria on the 10th, and left for Liverpool, calling at Gibraltar, on the same day. "The Screw steamer arrived from Liverpool onthe 30th, and left on the 31st for Syra and Constantinople, convoeing MIr. Stevens, Her Britannic Majesty's Consul at Trebizond. "The Thessalia screw steamer, from Liverpool, arrivedon the 1st of February, and left on the same day for Constantinople." Lieutenant Lowe, 3d iUght Dragoons, has succeeded Brevet-Major Maxse, Coldstream Guards, as Aide-de-Camp to Lord Cardigan, Inspector General of Cavalry. Colonel Crombie, unattached, is on the Staff at the Camp at Aldershott, and Captain Deedes, Rifle Brigade, is a Major of Brigade at t4p same station. Captain Middleton, 7th Dragoon Gu&ds, from the Staff of the Lord-Lieutenant, is appointed Aide-de-Camp extra to Lord Seaton, commanding in Ireland. Colonel J. W. Smith, C.B., Unattached, has ceased to be attached to the Staff at the Curragh, and returned to Dublin as Assistant Adjutant. GeneraL Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel Muller, unattached, has succeeded Brevet Lieutenant-Colonel White as Assistant Adjutant-General at Limerick. Major Wood, unattached, is Assistant Military Secretary to the Commander of the Forces in Ceylon, vice Captain Bows, Ceylon Bi'des. Captain the Hon; A Anson, 84th Begiment, has been appointed an Aide-de-Camp to Sir George Anson, the Commander-in-Chief in India. Captain. Macqueen, 91st Regiment, has succeeded Major Patterson, of the same corps, as Major of Brigade in Greece. Lieutenant-Colonel Johnson, 5th Fusileers, is doing the duty of Deputy QuartermasterGeneral at the Mauritius. Captain E. A. Williams, of the Royal ArtiUery, is the Major of Brigade at MontreaL The Cleopatra steam transport arrived at. Portsmouth yesterday morning from Malta, which place she left January 28th, and Gibraltar February 4th. The folowing are her passengers from Malta :-Lieutenant Jones, B,N. ; Mr. Burgess, R.N. ; and 20 seamen and marines. From Gibraltar-Lieutenant Dount, Lancashire Militia; Mtr. Byrne, Veterinary Surgeon, 4th Light Drngoons; and four seamen. The Hesper stearu trausport arrived at Portsmouth on Saturday from the Crimea. Her dates are-Balaklava, Jan. 9; Kazatch, Jan. 10; Constantinopl1, Jan. 17, Malta, Jan. 23; Gibraltar, Feb. 2. Rear-Admiral Plunridgo shifted his flag on Friday at Plymouth on board the Royal William, 120, Captain Kingcombe, from red to white at the mizen, under the customary salute. The screw steam frigate Euryalus, 51, Captain George Ramsay, was tak-en out of dock at Devonport on Friday, and wil be completed for the Baltic with all despatch. The London, 90, A- L. Kuper, was placed in dock at Devonport on Saturday. The steam frigate Satellite and the bloclkship Forth got up steam at Devonport for the first time on Saturday. TheAfricanmail steam packet E thiopewasplacedin dock at Devonport on Saturday for repair with all despatch. Mr. Elliott, from Halifax, commenced duty on Saturday as storekeeper at the Devonport dockyard, in place of the late Mr. Douglas Dent. The iron screw steam transport Northumberland, No. 51, Captain Craig, from Woolwich, with Government stores for Constantinople, put into Plymouth on Thursday with engines disabled and leaky. The screw steamship Great Britain embarked 530 troops at Liverpool on Saturday, composed of draughts from the lSth, 42d, 71st, 72d, 79th, 92d, and 93d Regiments. She vas expected to sail yesterday for Malta, to call at Cork for additional detachments from the 14th, 17th, 21st, 56th, 57th, 62d, 63d, and 89th, when she will have altogether be. tween 1,100 and 1,200 men and 63 officers on board. The Bahiana screw steamer arrived in the Mersey from the Crimea on Saturday, and the Oneida screw steamer with invalids, is daily expected. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Ripon, transport No. 25, Captain Cooper, embarked at Southampton on Saturday 685 rank and file of the 2d Light Infantry, 1st battalion of the Swiss Legion. The following are the names of the officers connected with the battalion:-Majors Grinsberg and De Winton; Quartermaster Martindale; Paymaster Humber; Captains Denninger, Soffring, Weldberger, Stenmaun, A. Vogel, and Travers; Lieutenants Kessi, Hernes, leoni, Kolhi, Tricano, and Thewer; Ensigns Mattenberg, Wertz, Matter, Combe, Bonet, and Dentan; Adjutant Soliz; Assistant-Surgeons Vough and Burcherq The Ripon has also on board a large quantity of gaunpowder. It was the intention that she should sail from Southampton on Saturday evening, but she was detained in consequence of thenon-arrivalof some of the ammunition. During yesterday morning, while the ship was lying at the wnarf, a large number of the troops on board sang several sacred airs with great taste and skill, and were listened to by a large niumber of spectators. They also rendered "Rule Britannia" and the National Anthem in a very masterlike manner. Taken as a whole, they are a very fine, though a youthful body of men. Advices from Hamburg of the 6th state that the sudden change from maild to very severe cold frosty weather has had the effect of causing a temporary stoppage of the navigation, whichwill, however, in all probability soon be opened again, inasmuch as there had been another equally sudden change from frost to snow and heavy rain, leaving the streets ankle deep in mud and dirt, with the barometer indicatiug 2 degrees of heat. Precisely this same changeable weather has been experienced in the North, as we learn from the Russian ports in the Baltic and Gulfs of Pinland, Bothnia, and Riga. In the harbours of the Baltic,-in Mecklenburg and Lubeck especially,-there is much stir in the shipping, and all kinds of produce are being sent away thence to Russiau ports in great haste. The Lancashire Witch, No. 40, sailiun transport, arrived at Spithead on Friday evening from the Black Sea. She received orders for Deptford yesterday, and proceeded from P'ortsmouth in the afternoou. The Perseverance steam transport came into Portsmouth harbour from Spithead on Fridav. The Harier, 17, CoammanderDerriman, had her compasses adjusted on Friday. She is ordered to Spithead, w her e will take in powder and shell, and proceed to Dartmaouth. The Tyne storeship, Commander Wellington, sailedfrora Portsmouth yesterday momning. The Thetis, from London for Madras, put into Spithead yesterday with loss of mainmast, fore and main topmasts, sails, &c., having experienced a severe gale from WS.W., off the Start, on the 6th and 7th inst The Norman steam transport, No. 155, is stil at the moorings off the Arsenal-wharf, WVoolwich, waiting orders. The gunboat Ruby, Lieutenant H. G. Hale commanding, arrived on Saturday morning at the Arsenal-quay at Woolwich to ship her powder and ammunition, whence she will proceed tojoin the squadron at Portsmouth. The despatch gunboat Intrepid, 850 tons, built by Wig. ram and fitted with engines at the East India Docks, is to go down to Woolwich to-day to be riggedand fitted for service. She will be manned and supplied with seven guns,-viz., two 6S and four 32 pounders, and one 32 pivot gun. The despatch boat Sparowhawk, 070 tons, launched from Young's, and removed to Messrs. Seaward's to have her engines so pliepd, will likewise go down to Woolwich to-day to be fitted out. The Sparrowhawk will carry five guns,two 68-pounders, two 32-pounders, and one pivot gun. The gunbo.ats, 4, Insolent and Staunch arrived at Woolwici on Saturday from North'deet, and vwere immediately hauled into basin, and taken possession of by the riggers, whose labour hours, as well as the working time of the artisans of other departments there, are limited, and many of whom are enabled to earn considerable extra ray. LIieutenant Louis Geneste has hoisted his pennat on board, and taken the command of the 2-gunboat Herring, now fitting out in Woolwich basin. The Rhadamanthus steamvessel arrived at Portsmouthyesterday, at noon. from the eastvard, with boilers and machinery for the Flying Fish. The Sprightly steamvessel aTrived at Portsmouth yesterday from Ireland. The Holyroodtransport sailed from Portsmouthyesterday for the eastward. The Chesapeake, 50, screw steam-frigate, which has been fitting for commission in the third dock at Chatham, was floated out on Saturday afternoon, and she was inmediately taken in tow by the Adder steamvessel down to moorings in the 3tedway at Foly Point. It is expected that to-day she will go on a trial trip. The Wanderer screw aespatch gunvessel arrived at Chatham on lFridayto be fitted for sea. The Cadmus, 20, corvette, is proressing very fast in her 1Tuild, and. owing to the number of extra hands placed on her, she -will be ready for launching the boeginning of next -month. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty.:-Iaeutenant G. H. Wale, additional to ihe Victory; Lieutenant E. W. Brooker, to the Tartaras; Lieutenant W. G. Annesloy, to the Excellent; Lieutenant B. A. V. Paget, to the Imp6rieuse - John ML Pridham, master, to the Pioneer; James H. Ryan, secondmaster,' to the Lapwing* Thomas Waterfield, assistant-paymaster in charge,to the Pioneer; F. F. Everafield, assistant-paymaster in charge, to the Lapwing; Charles Fisher, assistant-pay-master, to the Russell; W. B. Baikie, surgeon, to the Roodey ;Robert C. Scott, surgeon, to the Medusa; Julizu W. SElght, assistant-surgeon, to the Gorgon; Owen J. UerreUyn, assistant-surgeon, to the Victory; Peter W. Wallon, acting assistant-surgeon, to the Hibernia; W. B. P. Saer, assistant-cerk, to the Diver; Henry Hodge, assistant-clerk, to the Rodney; Thonmas W. Moore, assistantclerk, to the Basilish.. The .OrWrlosdo Wail mentions the following appointments m ~ado by the East India Company :-The Rev. Henry Parr WiPodington has been' appinted an assistant¢chaplain on the Bengal EcclesiasticalEstablisliment; MIr. A. Shepherd has been admitted a cadet for the Bengal¢cavalrY; Mlr. lHenry Williamson Wilbore Ellis and Mr. Bobert IL M9atthews Ellis have been appointed Captains' Clerks on the Bombay establishment of the Indian navy,
THE LOSS OF THE POLEP?EMUS. The following account is from the notes of one of tshe-offleers: "January 27th, Sunday, 1856, left -Hull; on Tuesday, the 29th, at 10 a.m., the ship struck 7 miles S.W. of lIants. holmen Light, coast of Jutland. "Friday, Feb. 1, 7 officers and 42 men Ieft Tiiisted (Jutland) for Hamburg, arriving quite safe. Another party left Thisted for Hamburg on Monday last. The ship is totalDy dimsmsted, full of water, and brealing up; Captain Warren and the chief engineer remaining behind with the hope of saving some of the machinery. The paddlebox boat, with 12 men and the master, swamped, and only two were saved, Tiverton and Etherage; two bodies were picked up, Maunder, boatswain's mate, andaPearse, B.LC. The cutter and second gig, not being able to land after being lowered, pulled out to sea to a vessel seen in the distance, and have not been heard of since. The Danish coastguardmen assisted the saying of the crew by a hawser made fast to the pirnace before lowering her into the surf; a large cask, slung to the hawser, saved the crew one by one. Minute guns of distress were fired to call the attention of the vessel seen, a thick fog prevailing at the time the ship struick; the country covered with snow, and the lakes and rivers frozen. The partytraveled through Jutland, Schkswig, and Holstein to Hamburg in open carts. " The ship had only a few days beforc the sad accident arrived at Hull from the Baltic. " The first party, now at Hamburg, leave in the steamer Trident for St. Katharine's-wharf, London, on Saturday, under the conunand of Lieutenant Frederick Pyne; the second party, under command of Lieutenant England. Lxrr AT THE VILAGE Or TmsTxD. AitRrvxD AT IIAUtRG. IAentenant Fxederick Py.ne and Mffessrs. W&Trington, Jones, Burnet, Stracey, MIorris, and Chambers (officers). A A portion of these put outto sea in two boats to reach a vessel in sight, not being ablo to pass the breakers. DaAD BoDIES PICrED UP. Thomas Maunder . j Samuel Pearce, B.I.C."
AMSG:ATE HARBOUR The following report has been furnished by two officers appointed by the Royal National Lifeboat Institution to inspect the means of saving life from shipwreck at Ramsgate Harbour. The trustees of that harbour had had various plans and suggestions submitted to themforincreasing those meas, which they referred to the abovenamed society for its opinion thereon, and hence the cause which has produced this interesting report:- "London, Jan. 24. "Sir,-With reference to the -request of the Commissioners of the Royal Harbour of Ramgsate, and in accordanca with the desire of the committee of management of the Royal National Lifeboat Institution, we have the honour to acquaint yon, for their information, that we proceeded to Raamsgate on the 22d inst., to exaamine the means provided there by the said commissioners for the preservation of life from shipw reck, and to ascertain wlhether, in our opinioui any useful additions might be introduced, having! special referenceo to the advisableness of adopting certain plans and propositions wthich had been submitted by different parties to the commiissioners hereinbeforc named. "We were received in the most cordial manner by Captain MIartin, the harbourmaster, who expressed and evinced a most anxious desire to attend to any suggestions we might be enabled to make, accompanying us over the harbour, pointing out, minutely explaiing, and demonstrating the means at his dismosal for the preservation of life, to which he has so ably devoted himself as to leave no room for a suggestion from us, and which wre foud as follows:- "1. A stenintug kept always with her fires banked up in readiness to tow out the lifeboat, or to proceed herself to the assistance of vessels in the offing or to the Goodwin "2. A large and efficient sailing lifeboat, 36 feet in length, on the most improved principles, which has repeatedly rendered service to vessels in distress, possessing the entire confidence of the seainen of the port. " 3. A Manby's mortar apparatus, most efficiently equipped for effecting commumcation with stranded vessels in the immediate neighbourhood of the entrance to the harbour. By ' efficiently equipped' we refer specially to the ingenious introduction by Captain Martin of wood shot, instead of iron, for throwinga line at short ranges, one of which we saw carry out a line about 150 yards. The advantages of wood shot o'ver iron for short ranges are at once eident, particularly as they float instead of sinkin thus facilitating the recovery of the line from the shorc,'<n the event of missing the vessel, and affording a prospect of the line swveeping the vessel; and thus forming a communication in the event of its being thrown so as to secure the assistance of the current. "4. Two life cranes for rescuing persons who might be in peril within a few yards of the pier or harbour wall. " 5. A small boat, hoisted to davits, on the east side of the pier, about to be replaced by a suitable lifeboat now building by Messrs. Vhite, of Cowes. " 6. A liberal supply of cork lifebuoys and lifebelts, for rendering assistance to drowning persons and for the use of the crews of the lifeboats and steamtiugs. ":7. A hawser is kept in readiness from theeietremity of the pier, on the easterm side of the entrance to the harbour toits projecting south-eastern angle, ready to behove taut when required, covering a distanco of 230 yards. This hawser has attached to it travellingi whip blocks, with their fals led to the pier. Through the medium of these falls and blocks lifebuoys, baskets, or any other means of succour can he hauled into any position between the pier and the hawser, extending 230yards, andwithin which space most vessels missing the harbour entrance and falling to the back of the pier wvould be driven. "With reference to the several plans proposed to the commissioners for the future preservation of life, we have to observe- "1. On lfr. Johnstone's clifferanes:- "That the craues on Ramsgate pier are analogous to them in character, and would be equally available. " 2. On Mr. Dennett's rockets " That the Mlanby mortar is under all the local circumstances better adapted, especially with the additions of Captain Martin's wvood shot, hereinbefore described;- and the short range required renders mmnecessary the advantage often derived in the night from the light of the rocket. " 3. On 'air. Price's proposition to lay out a series of anchors, 'with whip blocks attached:- " That we consider the same end is effected in a simpler and more practicable manner through the instrumentality of the hawser and whip blocks recently fitted by Captain Martin, and hereinbefore described. " After an attentive survey and consideration of the provisions and arrangements for the preservation of life which we have herein described, we are gratified in being enabled to report that they are of the most liberal and efficient claracter, and we trust that we shall be excused observing that this completeness of the arrangements for saving life reflects the more honour on the Commissioners of the Royal Harbour of Ramsgate when the extraordinary fact is weighed that during the last 30 years six lives only have been lost in the vicinity of the harbour, such signal immunity from the perils of shipwreck having in too many other ports led to a relaxatl6n or discontinuance of al preparation to meet them. "From a very interesting pamphlet furnished by Captain tin, published by himself in 1838, we learn that during the 30 previous years 38A257 vessel with a tonnage of 3,451,181, and of the computed value (includin their cargoes) of 108,928,7481., took refuge inlsiasgate Harbour We were also informed by Captain tin that during the last 30 years upwards of 30,000 vessels have done so, during which period four vessels only have been toty vrecked when making the harbour. "In concluding this report we feel that-we should not be doing justice to an old and valuable wublic servant did we not express the opinion that the Lommissioners of lBamagte Harbour are most fortunate in possessing so effeetive and intelligent a seamnan as CaptaiMartin in the position of harhoumnaster. "We are, Sir, your very obedient servants, "C T. B. B. M'HARDY, Captain, R.N. "C J. IL WARD, Commander, R.N., inspector of Lifeboats. "Ri'chafd Lewis, Esq., Secretary, Royal NationaIl lifeboat Institution." DEATIH OF IRs. CLARRSOs,-Ifrs. Clarlson, vwidow of Thonias Ciarkson, the great anti-slavery reformer, died a few days sitice at Playford-hall, near Ipswich. The deceased lady was iut-r &Id year.
TRE: DECISIOV IN SCOTLAND 0N MA. R(GB W7ITH A WIFES SITER.- TO THE EDIDOR OF i TIMS. S!r,-I fmd -it is expected -that I should answer the letter of Juridicns,"' from Glasgow, in Thc Times of last Thursday, complaining of your inference from the late decis3on in the case of " Fenton v. Livingstone," and of a certain pamphlet 2on ."the -validity of marriages 'with a wife's sister celerated abroad," in which I ventured, in 1852, to anticipate such a decision wFhenever the question should arise.-- I am not very fond of conducting legal agumenits i newspapers, and I must decline to gratify my friends by doing what will be done much betterly the counsel in the appeal-viz., giving r ao , support of the judgmaent ahready pronounced.;. But as this gentleman has not contented himself. -with writing wlhat would only prove that the judinent is wrong, and has occupied a column of -2e Times in warning us in England agninst "supposing that it is of any consequence to us or t, anybody in the world except the plaintiff an defer;dant in the cause, I am not surprised that those whothink it is of very great consequence should wish to'hear something more about the matter. In your notice of the decision, you referred to that rame pamphlet as anticipating it, or rather adopting the expectation of such a decision fro3n, a much higher authority-the late Lord Rutherf6rd. "Juridicus,' however, says that there are two statutes of the year 15G7 on the subject, and that I relied on one of them, but "seem to have oierlooked the other;" and, consequently, that my " dictum 'was much toe peremptory, and, indeed not correct in point of fact." Certainly "Juridici" in Scotland do not seem to be deficient in certain qualities which the public are ready enough .-o attribute to us in England; for, instead of my having pronounced a peremptory dictum on the question, or anything connected with it, I did nothing more than statetheopinionof Lord Rutherford and some other Scotch lawyers, and point out what appeared to me good reasons for it. And, whereas this imaginative gentleman snuggests that I overlooked the latter of these two scotch statutes, the fact is, that I not only mentioned it as well as the other, but founded a distinct aroument upon it, which, whether good or bad, is adopted by the Lord Ordinary of Scotland, though pronoiunced by "Jixridicus" unsund. . The point is so short that, perhaps, you 'will allow me to state it, aud I shall not add a word of arg'ament upon it. The first of the two statutes, or, to speak more properly, the first of the two consecutive chapters of the same statute of 15G7 " ordains that whatsoever person shall commit the abominabje crime of incest-that is to say, whoever they be that abuse theirbody -with such persons in deg,ree as God's law has expressly forbidden, as is contaid in the 18th chapter of Leviticus, shall be punished vmith death." (I suppose he will excuse me-for writing it in English.) The next chapter of the statutie " ordains, that the holy band of marriage be made as free to all estates of men as the law- of God has permitted the same to be ' and it further ordains, " that seconds in degaree of consanguinity and affinity, and all degrees without the same, contained in the Word of God, and that are not repugnant to the said Word, may lawfully marry, natwithstanding any law, statute, or constitution to the contrary." I thonght, and sald jin substance, that the two chapters must be read Igether, anid that, reading them together, a cou±t of justice would conclude and decide that no marriage is incestuous or unlawful by the law of Scotland which is not expressly forbidden by the law of God. r1 did not quote the latter part of the second statute, because it did not appear to mete be material to the question. "Jnridicus" thinks it is. The counsel on his side did not fall to inake the most that could be made of it; and that in the opinion of the judge was nothing. So that here agai our critic has only discovered what was perfectly well knowvn and perfectly obvious before, used as far as it could be used, and finally rejected as immateriaL. io much for my omssions and mistakes. Now' for the warning to thepeople of England not to be misled by your intimation that, unless this decision is reversed, " there is no lonsger any doubt thAt a marriage in Scotland between an Englishman and his wife's sister is just as valid in England as a marriage in Scotland is between minors-in fact, the conmon Gretna-green marriage-though both are equally prohibited in England." This inference, " Juridicus" himself seems to be conscious, can only be got rid of by inventing a distinction in the law of Scotland between marriages of affinity which are invalid by reason of incest and marriages of affinity which are invalid by reason of something else. I shal be glad to learn what that som ething else is. I should think the Scotch lawyers had discovered all there is to discover in Scotch legislation on the subject; and unless there is something else to come the prohibitionists will be rather puzzled to find any authority to support this very ingenious distinction, since the Scotch law precisely defines what incest is-"that is to say, abusing of the body with such persons in degree as are expressly prohibited in Leviticus xviii.," and, contains no other prohibition whatever. The Confession of Faith, with a statute of 1690 which sanctions it, was prayed in aid of the defect in the statute lhw ; but Lard Ardniillan only expressed his regret that, sitting as a judge, he could not regard it for this purpose. In this respect the Scotch lav; strikingly differs from ours. Thanks to theBEishop of London, ,iot to Lord Lyndhurst, we have a statute making marriages " w ithin the prohibited degrees" invalidhere, hut not decaring them incestuous; nay, so fat from it, expressly and irrevocably validating all of them, except consanguinity martiages up to a certain day in 1835, and therefore, in effect, declaring that they cannot be regarded as incestuous, since the laws of God do not alter, though the opinions of bishops do; for it ought to be known to all men that the author of this brilliant piece of legislation himself said some years afterwards that he was no longer certain about the scriptural ground for the prohibition, which several other bishops said they were certain had no existence whatever; and that in his next defence of his clause he relied on the things called the "Apostolical canons," which some cunning theologian from Oxford had PUt him up to, without showing hin that he had broken three out of the four canons on matrimonybimself; and, finally, he relied on the great moral and social advantages of his prohibition, whereby he has converted what would have beca 50,000 at least of lawful marriages into the same number of eases of tolerated and approved fornication-a very comfortable reflection for a bishop to end his days with, unless, indeed, he has handed over his conscience, with his diocess to the safe keeping of Archdeacon Hale. One word more on "Juridicus's" correction of your mistake. Does it not occur to him that, wherever the question arises here, the prohibitionists will have rather an uphill game to play in persuading any English Court to hold maxriage with a wife's sister invalid by the law of Scotland-(which must decide its validity here), in the face of an express decision in Scotland itself that it is not incestuous, and the entire absence of any statntable prohibition there of any marriage that is not incestuous? Even if the Court of Appeal should manage to evade the incestuous question (which Lord Ardmnilan would have evadedif he could), and decide this case merely as an English marriage out of the reach of their law, still the present decision will remain (if not distinctly overruled)ns the only judicial decision of the question, anud a decision that marriage with a wife's sister is not incestuous; and will be an authority to that effect binding on every Court in England short of the House of Lords, which can alone reverse itheere. Yours obediently. E. B. MEON. - Lincoles-inn, Feb. 8.
'O THE ZDITOB OF THE M& Sir,-Why slionCId our chidren be taught geography accordingto the inaps iuaing'ed by Rusiaxtn ambition? I visited a school The other day, and on examinng the mnaps, among the betofthose inpopular useI found, as I expected Varager Blay and a considerable slice of ooutiguous teritory given to Russia. Of course, all CircaskiA .was so also, and Poland deprived of her last pretenoes to a separatc existence. Soi se4 to be with the W,Irine bounaary, ancd now the olitical fact Lorbesponds witha the maps. Do the school inspectors pass these maps 7 WhMt is tlhe imotive with the mapm a ers I I[ wn, g,r.'iour obedient servant. .New Club, Ealinburgb, Feb. 7. SCOTUS. - .AYOTHEcAm=S'-IIALL. - The following are the names of the gentlemen who pamed their exmmination in the science and peractice of medicine and received cira tificates to rnr3chse, on TEhnray, lFeb. 7 -.S&3nucl lKitebing Eflion, London; George Strickland Robinson, The1evorth, 1erts* - enry Friederck iHolland, Godabing. Surrey; r6ii;p Thunluley Bankas VjlCtriF' L docks-rQt, 2bsistow.
JuDICIAL COMMITTEE OF PRtVY COUNCILi Sturdaly, Feb. 9. =B'fovc Mr. P1E3rmToN IG, Sir Joir PirzESo, Sir JOE, DoDSON, and Sir WILLLAL H. HAUr.) This ws an appeal from the High Court of Admiralty. Yesnow- Confucius, bound from Grangemouth to Wool. ,-ih with a cargo of shells, and the brig James, proceeding .ra hamburg to Shields in ballast, canme into col]sion with ich otheroffthe coast of Norfolk, at 1.45 aam., on the 11th 4f October last. Both vessels had been laid to until daylight, consequence of its being an unfavourable night forpasn .roughthe Cockle Gat. The helm of the snow, i as sh .±Ieged, s hed a-starboard, but on observing the ewg approaching her, distant rather less than half a mle, she imamediately put her helm hard a-port. an*l hailed the brig, but no attention was paid to it,r nd the brig, with the wind free, came stem on under the influence of her tarb6ard helm, and strack the snow a violent blow on her tabow. Thebrig, accrdingetoher plea, wasonthestar.rd. tack, the helm being secured hard a-lee with the tilere. On,eeingcthedsnow approach her neofthe look-out ..er on board the brig held up a light and called out as loud =-ho could, "Do you intend to run into us " inm repil to which some one said, "Keep your helm a-port -" tow9hieh answered, "Itishard a-port."he Tebr was'lying lose to the wind as she could, and kept heir bg6 hard a-port, but the snow, which ha ported her helm, and was passing to 'eeward of the brig, caught hier jibboom with her larboard forerigging and haiuled her round before the wind. The sniow sustained so mnuch damage that she shortly afterwards sank. The wind, as reoresented by the snow, was west, but the brig- described st as west-north-west. The Court below, assisted by Elder Brethren of the Trinity Corporation, came to the conclusion that the snow was to biame., there bein5 culpable delay in porting her helm, but it was eltht us brg asot blme for not doing all in her pOe oavoid the collision-that she ought to have thow= ack her beadyards when she saw that a collison W'as likely tas take place -The result.of this decision was, thaLt'the damage was directed to be divided between the paris Ag-ainst this judgment the brig appealed, and cont fdd irst, that she was not to blame; and, secondly, tbtat the snow harm"been guilt ofculpable neglect,it was not_competent fort er under the Merchanat Shipping Act, sttos296 and 29), to recover against the b-rig. Dr. Bayford and Mr. Forsyth were heard for the appellants ; Dr. Addams and Dr. Twiss for the respondents. - Their LoRDsxmss reserved their decision.
LAW REPORT. COURT OF CRANCFRY. Tr- X M2- BRmX%IKrI'CY.-]-x PVRTE TAYLOR, an RE BROWS AND RUDDOCr- (Before the LORDS JTSTICS of APP1.AT 1 v 'This was a petition by an infant to be permitted to prove against the estate of his tvo former partners for certaim moneys. The facts were as follows :-The late Mr. Samuel Taylor gave his property to be equaly divided among his children who should attain the age of 21 years. There 'were sev children, of whom 31r. David Taylor, the petitioner, was one. In July, 182A, the bankrupts, Messrs. Birrows and Muddock, of Wakefield, worsted spinners3 took him into 'artz ersIdp, he payingforthesan eI,2o0E. andupv-ards,which-was lcnt him by his mother. He was between 18 and 19 years old at that time, but it was not denied, though not proved in evidence, as aserted, that the bhekrnpts knew that Mr. IJavid Taylor was under age; a regular deed of partnership vas excecuted ; before the petitioieZattained 21 he received about 2001. from the business; in October, 1855, 3lessrs. Burrows and Ruddock were adjudicated bankrupts, but before that fact Mr. David Taylor repudiated the contract, andim TayIor, a3 gaardian of the infant, proposed to prove for the money her son had, as before stated, brought into the concern, her son alleging that he was not bound by the partnership contract wilch he had already repudiated, and7 that he should do aU needful acts formaly to repudiate it when he atta-ned 2L Mr. Payne, the registrar acting for the commissioner, rejected the proof, whereupon Mr. Taylor, by,his mother and gnardian, appealed, and, having since attained fuil age, ho still repudiates the contract, and claims to prove against the estate. Bon and Mr. Eddes appeared for the appeal Mr. Swanston and Mr. De Gest in support of the registrar's decision. The case of the appellant was argued on Friday, and part of that of the respondents was heard before the rising of the Court. This morning Mr. De Gex concluded his address, and Mr. Bacon was heard in reply. Lord Justice K-roiGaT BRucE said, as there was no proof ofered of fraud on the part of the petitioner or his adnisers, the case solely depended on the question of the validity or -invaldity of a contract by an infant, so far as any such contract could be valid. This was a contract entered into, so far as a contract could be entered into by a minor durin- his minority, and acted on by him during his minorty, and acted on by the other side during the in*fantes minority; and his Lordship was of opinion that if the bankrupts ha continued solvent, and an action had been brought against them by the minor either before or after lie attained his majority, to recover tha money now in question, cr any part of it, the action would have ended in a nonsuit or a verdict against him. That, in his Lordship's opiion, wuould decide the qsestion, and he considered that e orend the registrar had correctly disposed of it by his seftsal to permit the proo. It was, ho wever, to be reBretted that the attention oftthe cosnnisionorhad notseen brou d ht fo the question before the Case was brought before this Court. tord Justice Th ' Bt said that if he had considered the case depended upon the uestion whether the money was the roney of the ionte shoud have required a further dn deiry, simce he thought the evidence upon that point wnsatcsfactory. But it was unnecessary to enter into that,a there was enough in the other part of the case to dispose of the question before the Court. There could be no doubt that an infant w.as not absolutely hound by a contract, a.nd that he had a right to elect, when of a,ge, whBether he vould affirm or disafir it; but it was another ques. uion whether, when money had been paid, by him, he could recover back the money so paid. lThe one question -de,pcnded merely upon the principle of the obligations wvhich mighut be incurred Dy infants; the other case involved, other pnnciples. The cases which had been referred to had, he thonght, determined the present question against the claimant. Nothing could be more strong than what was said by Lord Kenyon in the case of " Wilson v. Kearse," in -Petries R?cpwos, The case of "Holmes v. Bloggs" was equally decisive. He thought the claim of the appellant was rightly rejected. Appeal dismissed, the costs of the respondents to be paid out of the bankrupts' estate.
VICE-CITANCELLORS' COURTS. SATUJRTDAV F;:P IO_TOCXK V. THE NORTH STAFORDSMRE HRULWAY CO3MUNY. (Before Vice-Chawcellor Sir JL sTnh7RTz 'Ibis cause came on for hearing upon motion for a decree for a perpetual injunction to restrami the defendants from holding any regattas or other aquatic sports on the lake or reservoir caled Rudyard reservoir, situated in Rudyardvale, near Leek, in the county of Stafford, and from using suc}i lake or reservoir for any other purpose than that of supplying water to the Trent and Mersey canal and its branches. The plainti's case was not concluded when the Court rose. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Smale appeared for the plaintiff; and 3Mr. Malins, Mr. Grove, of the common law bar, and Mr. RoviIt appeared for the defendants. (Before Vice-Ciancdtor Sir W. P. WooD. DACRE V. STRACHA},. The Vice-Chancellor, having disposed of his list of short miatters, was occupied with this case till the rising of the colurt.
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH, WEsnin;sRr 'F ( _ NTT,um V. CUINUGTON. (Mtings at jyfi~s Priwe?, before Lord CMIIPBEf.i anad Common Juriee. i Ir. :a.ewmn ames, tt U., and Mr. Udall appeared for the plaintiff; and Mr. M. Chamber, Q.C., and ;Hr. Turner for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action, Frederick Mattam, was the -auctioneer at AIdridge's Horse Repository, and the defendant, aniel K. Cnnnington, wvas a butcher carrying on husiess at Hampstead. The action was brought to recover the value of a horse belongin-g to the plaintiff, which had been killed by the alleged negligent drivng of the defendant. As the case occurred in the darkness of an October evenin" there was a great conflict of evidence, as, indeed, is usuai even where a collision takes place by daylight. It appeared from the statement made by the plaintiff that on the evening of the 7th of October last he vas driving his pbaeton, with one horse, along the Edgware-road towards his residence. He had got about five miles on the road from London when he met the defendant driving his cart. The plaintiff said it was a dark night, and he was driving on his proper side, and only a short distance from the kerh. When hegot within about 3Oto:.5 yardsfrom a house called the Welsh Harp, well knovw as a fishing place, he mnetthedefendant's cart coming towardsLondon onthe vwrong -ide of the road. The parties here came in colsion, and the eff-shaft of the defendant's cart penetrated the chest of the rlaintiff's horse. A stream of blood immediatelyspouted eut into the road, and in a few minutes the hore fell dead. The plaintiffremained about ten minutes, and having ,iven orders that the horse, which he now valued at 1GA guieas, should be taken to the knacker's, he went home. This witness was cross-examined to show that he was driving at a ra-pid pace. He admitted that just before he got to the bridge he had struck the horse, wchll had caused it to break into a canter; the horse was going at the rate uf from 10 to I1 miles an hotLr, but he said that the place where the col-lision took place was level ground. The plaintiffs son, who was with his father at the time, confrmed his evidence, adding that the pliaeton was enly about three or four feet from the kerb. Mr. Field, the veterinary surgeon of Oxford-street, stated that on the night in question he was driving a four-wheeled phaeton along the E dgware-road towards his residence at Kingsbury-green. His carriage had lamps, which the plainliishad not; and, as he was just behind the plainsiff, he -bIe to see that the plaintiff was almost close to the kerb on tte near side. The witness was in the centre of the road, aid endeavourinv to pass the plaintiff, and when he did so liesaw the plaintiff's phaeton standin, close to the footpath, sr2e the blood was spouting from the horse's chest. The defidant's cart was then on tlioffside. The witness did asot L lup; in fact, ho could not stop his horse, which was goiniat the rate of 12 miles an hour, and was, within two ilies f home. This witness said the plaintiff's horse was going ,en faster than his own. Thecfendntand. svcrlot;erwitneswere examined to ,-how thI, the dlefendant was entirely free from blame, beinon the rrtt side of the road, or, at allevents, thatthe plaintiff by hMs rall driving on a, dark night had so far contributed to the aent as to be disentitled to a verdict. The de. 7fondan~t S4ed that he had stopped on his off side, at the -Welh HArto take up a gentleman named Watson - and that, ha ving,1e so, he tookthe direct roadtowards hisnear s-ide. At theLn of the collision, hel said he was about t-itfeet frOniai,ar side! He saw thepLaintiffco ~wbch made h1tqaIke ]or the pear-side. He wws going at the yate of only frt three to four miles an hour. On crossexauinAtion, defendtat stated he was a hutcher planghter), and Usual pace r7rs nine miles an hour, He bad not started 30 yards, and saw nothing of Meld's lamps. The witness for some time professed himself a steadydriver, butltimately he admitted that he bad been once iined at the M1arylebone PoEce-office for "furious driing." Tlhe gentleman whows in the dcfendant'a cart conlirmed the defendant's evidence as to his position at the timle of the collision. He alsO confirmed a statement made by the defendant, that in the road there were three pools of blood, one of which was stated to be 10 feet from the plaintiffs off side, one in the middle of the road, nd the third .12 feet from the plaintiff's near side. The road was measured by a policeman, and found to be 28 feet wide, from which it vas inferred that at the time of the collision the plaintiff must have been on his off sid:, and that the pools of blood were formed as the horse stgeredto the near side, on which he felL But this conclusion was rendered uncertain by a statement made by another witness, who heldthe plaintiff's horse, to the effect that when the horse' was straying off the road he led him on to it again. Lord CAmPBEL4 in summing up the evidence, said that if the jry believed Mr. Field, who was admitted to be a respectable and disinterested witness, the plaintiff was free from blame. Still, he was going at a very smart pace; and the jury must say whether they believed that the accident was occasioned by the negligence of the defendant, or wbether the plaintiff had contributed to it. The jury retired to consider their verdict, but they were afterwards again brought into court by order of Lord Campbell His LORDSuP said, a complaint had been made to him by the bailiff, who was sworn to take charge of them, that as soon as they had left the court they dispersed to various houses to obtain refreshment. A Juryman here saidthat only four of them had done so. Lord CAmPBELL said, he was bound to take notice of the circumstance, and he must say that those jurymnen had violated their duty, though without any intention on their part. The Court had the power, when it was apprehended that the jury would be a long time before they agreed uepon their verdict, to allow them to take refreshment before they so retired ; but as soon as they were given into the charge of a bailiff, with a view to the consideration of their verdict, they wore bound to go to the room appointed for - that purpose. Ultimately the jury found a verdict for the plaintifflamager 51., adding that they would have given him the amount claimed but for his rapid driving. Lord CAVPBaLI expressed bis concurrence in the opinion of thejury as to the improprietyof the plaintiff's driving at so rapid a pace on a dark night, andwithout lamps. The plaintiffs solicitor, in the absence of his counsel, applied for a certificate forcosts. Lord CQinxrBL said, he thought the case was a proper one to be tned in a superior courlt and granted the application. GARDE AeD ANOTMER, V. RANqEE AND OTIES. Mr. M. Smith, Q.C., and MIr. lush appeared for the plaintiffs, and 3Ir. Edwin James, Q.C., and Mr. Garth for the!defendants. This was an action in which the Messrs. Garde and At;inson, soicitors in Dublin, sued the defendants, Messrs. Ranken, Ford, Longbourne, and Co., solicitors in Gray'sinn, to recover the sum of 373t., being the balance of an account due to the plaintiffs for certain -legal proceedings caxvied on in Ireland for an incorporated society called the Irish-Improvement Society, but which proceedings the plaintiffs alleged they had undertak-ei and carried on upon the defendants'retainer. The defendant Longbourue was one of the directors of the company, and it appeared, from a correspondence which was read, that the defendants had retained theplaintiffs to undertake the business without making any express statement as to who was to become iable. The accounts had been sent in to the defendants, and credit given them for a certain discount which the plaintiffs always allowed in such cases. No objection was made to this by the defendants until the affairs of the company fell into such a state that it was no longer possible to get money from it. The plaintiffs, on one occasion, had received a sum of 200t. from the society, but they contended that that did not prejudice their right to look to the defendants, upon whose retainer they had done the busines. A long correspondence between tho parties was read, at the close of which Lord CAMPBELL expressed an opinion that the defendants were liable. Mr. JansEs said that npon that intimation the defendI ants would submitto a verdict. A verdict was then taken for the plaintiffs for the sum of 373!. GRAT V. COLE. Mr. Huddleston appeared fox the plaintiff. The de.endant appeared in person. The action was brought to recover damages from the defendant, a broker, in the Blackfriars-road, for illegally seizing the plaintiffs goods, and also for taLkng an excessive distress. It appeared that the defendant had been employed to levy a distress for a quarter's rent, amounting to 71. lOs. due by a man named Tyler to his landlord, named radbur. Tyler w as engaged in some business in Surrey-rowv, Blackfriars-road, connected with the manufacture ofras andthe plaintiSffwasinhis employment. The laintiffhadon his master's premises two machines mntendedfor the mannfacture of pnntintg ink-. These machines, whichhad cost 30t. bad never bee used, and when the defendant levied the distress he told the plamntiffthat he would not tak-ehisgeoods, as there was plenty bzelonging to the tenant which ho could seize. Aln inventory was taken, which made no mention of the plaintiff's machines, hut it seemed that, for some reason w rhich was not clearly explained, the defendant altered his mind, and eventually removed and sold the plaintiff's two machinesby unction along with some few things belongving to the tenant for the sum of 10Ot The defendant was examined as a witness in his own c ause, and stated he had been a broker for SO years, and had dlone everything quite regunlarly. lIe admitted that the plaintiSt's machines were not in the first inventory, but, he said that, before t.aking the goods away, he had made a second inventory, in wrhich they were contained. This paper w7as rnut produced. Lord CanirnEat, in summing up the evidence, said, he w;as somewvhat surprised to hear the defendant say he had been a broker for :lO years, considering the manner in which he appeared to have done his business. As the plaintiff's gooweere on the premises, they were liable to be seized unmder a distress, though a reasonable man would not take the goods of a stranger while there w,as enough belonging to the tenant on the premises. Here, it did not apper that the plaintiff's goods had been distrained.rr T he jury found a verdict {or the plaintiSf-Damages 30t.
EXCHEQUER CHAMBE S,ATuiDAY. Rrv fl TO',=G V. BThT.TEr thutwgs Zn t7rror. Presnt- nCLORD CHnF JUSTICE of !e COMMON PLEAS, and BC CREons ER, WIa. Lums an CRo'wixn, and .Barons .ALvEmSO-N and This case, which depended upon the construction of the Ist and 2d of Victora, chap 110, see. 59, has been twice ara"ted in the Court of Error, but, the Judges not agreeing, itlas stood a long time for judgment. This mornng the Judges gave most elaborate Judgments scriaeti,4. The Lord Chief Justice of the Common Pless with whomMr. JusticeMauleconcurred), M1r. BaronAIderson (vith whose judgment the Chief Baron concurred), Mr. Justice Cresawell, and Mr. Baron Martin were of opinion that the judgment below for the defendant in error ought to be affirmed; but MIr. Justice Williams and Mr. Justice Crovwder (who resd the jud ent of Lord Wensleydale) considered the Judgment below ought to be reversed, and that there oulght to he a ua7ire dse 7202'. Judgmnent affirmed. CROFT V. LVBNE. lThis case, which was a question whether warrants of attorney given by the lessee under the circumstances operated as a forfeiture, nd whether money subsequently paid as rent, but not received as such, was a waiver of the Mrfeiture, was argued last Saturday. The arguments were resamed to-day, but judgment was postponed. BnSIrsEs OF THE COURT. Baron AI DcsoS gave notice that the Court -would sit on Wednesday week, and would most likely give judgment in all pending cases.
COURT OP BA2VKUPTCY, Bmngha:sfre4 Feb. 9. LX 1CE SHERWOOD AND sRETmwrnn (Before Afr. Commi.sizoner Goumuiml -Lne oanxnpts were builders in LambethL They placed their affairs us 1848 under a deed of inspection, owing 60,0001., and paying under it 5s. in the d. The now came up for certificates, unopposed by Mr. Gurney for the aSignees, and sapported by Mr. Lawrance. HIs_ HOs oun said, the bankrupts now owed between }{0001. and 5,0001., and had not one farthing of assets. Evidence having been given to show that the bankrupts had been in business since 182S; that they had asecuteda contract for a French railway of 350,0001.; one for the Eastern Counties Hailway of 450,0001. - one for the Croydon Hallway of 200,0001. one for the 4reat Wester and ZiLstern termsinus of 150,0&1., and that they had a serious loss by the French company; also that the present creditors were creditors of old standing, His HoNouR said, that made a}l the-difference. Enough had been done to show that the bankruptcy had partly originated in unavoidable loss and misfortune, and the ba apts would receive imnmediate certificates of the second class. IN .RE GEORGE UILL. The banlraspt was a builder, of Gospel-oak-fields, Kentish-town. This was the certificate meeting. Mr. Chidley appeared for the assignees, hr. Lawrance for the bankrupt. The CoP.T granted a third-class certificate.
THE Cnp NnwsPAPER PerSS.-The Glocestee shire Times, a three-halfpenny newspa r published at Glocester, stopped publcation on Saturdav. The beasons ere einterference caused by the "getting up" of the paper with the regular routine of the printing business of the proprietors, and the non-fulfilment of promises to support. It appears that every copy of the paper costmore than the sale-price, and yet some of the subscribers grumbled because it did not contain more than "the old tivepenny paper." Other parties coolly proposed to the proprietors to insert their advertisements gratuitously, for six mouths, "by way of a trial.n "We have lost valuable supporters," adds the valedictory address, "because we wrote too violently one week, and. others because we did not give it 'em hard enough,' the next; but these matters only served to amuse us, and we pursued our course, with, we trust, our usual equanimity of temper." Under these crcumstances, who can be surprised at the untimely death of our late provincial contemporary ? 4Advertisemenj-fWorth Notice.-What has always beene wantd i jmt pblihed ricea-" The Dictionary Appendix" (6th. edtitrn), with upwardso of ?,Otwordsnot found in adictionary, comnarising the partdcipice of the verbs, which perplex all1writera. Ra pesnwowie etrsol ewtotti ok l ce rup jav t Thsho i naubl!"WeljTms'
CENTBAL CrIMINAL COUT, Fez. 9. OLD COURT. THE CASE OF DR VAHAVHN. Mr. Justice WIGHRTMx again took his seat upon the bench at 10 o'clock this morning, and Dr. Vaughan surrendered inmediately afterwards and again took his place in the dock. He was seated during the triaL As on the previous day, the whole of the witnesses were ordered out of court before the proceedings conunenced, The second indictment was then proceeded with. It charged the prisoner with having knowingly, wilfully, and feloniouIly made a false entry in the registry of the panrsh of St. Matthew, Brixton, of and concerning the burial of one WViliam Raven. Serjeant Wilkins, Mr. Clarkson, and Mr. Clerk conducted the prosecution; the Attorney-General 3Mr. Ballantine, and Mr. Frideaux again appeared on behalf of Dr. Vaughan. The learned Couxsxn for the prosecution, in opening the case to the jury, said that if the presdnt charge had rested upon the same evidence that was laid before them on the previous day, he should not have hesitated for one moment int withdrawing it from them. It appeared to him that the evidence was of a very different kind, and that the case he should lay before them was of such a chaacter that, notwithstanding the great power and eloquence of the AttorneyGeneral, he would find it impossible to relyona merely eloquent address in answer to the charge, but would bh compelled to produce evidence in answer to the testimony he should lay before them. He had but one object in view, which was to discharge his duty by laying all the facts fuUy and fairly before them, and he had the utmost confidence in their integrity, and felt assured they would do what was right. He found no fault with their verdict of the previous day; on the contrary, he agreed with them that it was impossible to rely on the evidence of the man Maltby. He had never seen the man before that day, but he was candid enough to state that if he had known what sort of man he was he should not have taken the case he did first ; he merely began with itbecause it appeared to him to be the shortestandthe most simple. His leamned friend, in the course of his speech for Dr. Vaughan, had said a great deal about the mnotives that influenced the prosecation, and had expressed his opinion that these charges would not have been preferred but for the excitement that prevailed in the parish and for the ill-feeling entertained towards Dr. Vaughan, not only on account, as it was said, of his personal conduct, but even of his religious and political opinions. He denied most emphatically, on the part of the churchwardens, that they were animated by any such feelings in the institution of these proceedings. He believed that these indictments were the result of a most painful conviction forced upon the minds of the churchwardens that frauds had been commnitted ; and, however unwilling they might be personally to take such a course, their duty to their parishioners and to the public left them no alternative but tcarryout a prosecution,and that in so doing persons of all shades of political opinion and religion in the parish tboutht they were right. They had acted solely from a sensie orduty, and, that being the case, they would have been cowards to shrink from the erformance of that duty. The fact was that when M Harrison, whose case had been mentioned on the previous day, found that, owing to the incorrectness of the certificate of her husband's funeral, she could not obtain her dividends at the Bank of England-and this, by the way, showed the great importance of correctness in those registers-she immediatelyapplied to the churchwardens and threatened them with legal proceedings unle-s theygave her a correct certificate. An inquiry, of course, was then instituted, and the books were examined, and this led to discoveries. Dr. Vaughan was asked to give an explanation, but it was not at all satisfactory, and tie churchwardens at length felt they hadnoalternative buttopreferthese charges. The party inreference to whom the present inquiry was directeddied in the month of Septeraber, 1854, and he should show them that atthis time Mir. Hodgson, the then churchwarden, in consequence of the number of deaths from cholera, and the complaint of the inhabitants that so many out- parishioners were interred at Brixton church, caled the attention of Dr. Vaughan especialy to this fact, and requ estedhim to do all in his power to prevent somany burials of out-parishioners from coninung, so that in this case Dr. Vaughan could hardly say that the proceeding arose from any nistake. (The learned Serjeantreadthelettersto which he referred.) He then briefystatedthefacts of the case, and said that the deceasedahavingdied in the Kennington district, for which double fees would be chargeable, ar. Vaughan made an entry in theregistry that the deceased died at a place within the distrct, called Robert-street, and only accounted for a single fee, he having, in fact, been paid a donble one. He should call a most respectable witness, a person named Hayden, who was the undertaker upon the occasion, and who paid the money for the double fees to the prisoner, a man who would meet the test of ; any cross-examination to which he might be subjected, and if they believed his evidence, the case against Dr. Vaughan was as clear as noonday. Hayden, he was instructed, was a most respectable man, and he would observe that he could have no motive for preferring a false charge against Dr. Vaughan. The case would mainly depend ponhis evidence, but he should be cornpelied to call that infamous man aitdy again. He carled him infamos, but still hec should be compelled to call him, because he was p resent when the transaction took pLae There was no doubt that when he came to be cross-exasnined he would shuffle, evade the questions, and lie as he had done on the previons day; and he reminded the jury that the case did not at all depend upon his testimony, and if they believed the evidence of the respectable witness he should put in the box they would have no alternativebutto say that the prisoner was gauilty of the offence with whichxhe was charged. Mrs. Mary Bnullen deposed that she lived in South-street, StockwelL She knew the deceased, who lived in Stockwellgrove, He died of cholera in September, 1854, and was buried in Brixton churchyard. One of the children of the deceased had died about six weeks before. Witness gave notice of the death to Mfr. Boult, the registrar of the Kennington district, and he gave her a certificate for the burial. Mr. Eayden was the undertaker upon the occasion. M Miller, sister of the wife of the deceased, deposed that she received the certificate from the last witness, and she gave it to the undertaker, Hayden, on the 19th of September. The deceased died on the 16th. She was charged double fees for the interment. hlr. T. W. Boult, the registrar of births, deaths, and marriages for the second part of the Kelnnington district, proved that Stock-well-grove was in that district, andnotin St. Matthew's. By the Arran'eTO Y-GsnrsmA.-Part of Robert-street was in the St. Matthew's district. The certificate he gave to Mrs. Miller did not contain the name of the place where the deceased resided at the time of his death. Frederick Haydensaid,-I am an undertaker and builder, carrying on busmess at Stockwell.- I knew the deceased. He died on the 16th of September, 1854, and I w asemployed as the undertaker to bury him. I had buried his child six weeks before at St. latthew's burial-ground and paid double fees. I received the certificate for the burial from Mrs. Miller, and gave that certificate afterwards to Dr. Vaughan. I had previously applied to Maltby, the sexton, and in consequence of what he said I went to see Dr. Vaughan. I saw him at the parsonage, Tuls-hill, about halfpastS o'clock in the morning. Maltby opened the door, and letmein. TheDoctor cameoutto me, andltoldhimtha' I had come respecting the burial of Raven, and at the same time handed him the certificate. He said he could not take the funeral, as it was out of the district. I told him the friends wished it very much, as his child had been buried there a few weekspreviously. Dr. Vaughan said the churchwardens had complained of out- arishioners being buried at St. Matthew's, and if he took it he must have double fees. I then-handed him two sovereigns, and he went in and wrote me a receipt. I have not got that receipt, and I don't know what has become of it. The Doctor gave me 5s. change withthereceipt,andhetold me if any one should ask me where the funeral came from I was to tell a lie, and say it came from Robert-street. Itold Dr. Vaughan thatthefuneral camefrom Stockwellgrove, and he himself remarked that it was out of the district. We generally give up such receipts as those to the persons who em ploy us,but I eannot say whether I did soon this occasion. 1 mentioned what had occurred the same day to several ens, and among them was Mrs. Miller. I left the certi cate with Dr. Vaughan. A boy came to the door while I was there with a basket of poultry, and Dr. Vaughan took it from him himself. By the ATTostNy-Gn-EsRsArIt was not arranged that Maltby and I should meet on the following morning at Dr. Vaughan's house. To the best of shy belief I told Dr. Vaughan where the deceased person lived, but I cannot say positively whether I did or not. I don't think that I saidthat the deceased resided out of the district. The prisoner went into a little room on the side of the passage to write the receipt. He was not away more than two minutes, and he brought out the receipt. tdid not appear to me to be wet. It might have been dried by blotting-paper. He then said if any one asked me where it came from I was to tela lie. I thought this very strange language from a clergyman and a gentleman, but yet I did not take any Particular care of the receipt. It cannot say what I did with the receipt. I cannot remember anything about it. I don't believe I did give it up to the friends of the deceased. When I was examined before the magistrate I said that most probably the receipt was burnt. I am not aware of having burnt the document. I saw Maltby on the same morningin the churchyard, but I did not teol him what the prisoner had said to me. I did not attend any of the meetings that were held in the parish. I evaded the matter altogether. I did not see an misrator ny member of the family. I swear the DOCtorfs maidservant did not open the door and let me in, and that neither of bis daughters was present -when this conversation took place. Re-esamined.-I have been an undertaker five yeas, and have buried a great many persons at Bniston. At the time in question nothingwhateverhadbeen said about proiecating Dr. Vaughan. Mr. Eastman was the first person who called upon me to give evidence, and I afterwards sawv the church- wardens. Geore Maltby was then again examined-He said,-ID Septeiber, 1854 there were a great many deaths from cholera, and there were a great many funerals at Briston Church, and Mr. Thorowgood, one of the churchwardenZ4 in consequence gave directions that no persons residing out of the district should be interred. I remember Mr. Wayden Coming to me on the night before the funeral of Mr. Raven. I knewv that he lived out of the district, and I refused to take theintrment without the Doctor's consent. I wentto Dr. Vaughan the next morning and.told him that Havder wished thehbur to take place at Brixton Church. ln a short time Hayden came up. The Doctor and I were in the study atthe time, and the Ldocor went out to the frontdoor, aandhr. Hayden told himn that he had an interment, and the friends wihed it to take pllace atllnixten Church. He sai4 the intennent ws from the Kennington district, Dr. Vaughan said he could not take itforsingle fees, but le would for double. MIr. Hayden then paid him, and the Doctor sai "If any asks you goes where the funeral comes from, or what fees were paid, tell a lie and say Robertstreet." This was all that passed. I was present at the funeraL The service was performed by Mr. Eastnan. By the ATTo y-GEXERAc-T-All this took place at the front door. No one else was in the study but I and the Doctor. When I was first examined I said that I went u to the hous awith Hayden, and that I rung the bell, and we were let in by the maidservant. I afterwards said that I went to the house first. This latter statement was nob true, but I did not recollect it when I was first examined. I cannot recollect who let me in. I swear that Hayden and I did not go to the house together. Anybody who was in the study could hear what took place in the passage. After the conversation was over the Doctor went into the study, and did not come out any more. I cannot say what I went to see the Doctor for on this morning. I did not know that Hayden was coming. I don't recollect that I knew he vas coming, or whether there was any arrangement made for that purpose. It is the general le for the burial fees to be paid to the sexton, and he gives a receipt for them. I don't recolleet that I was present when an entry of Raven's funeral was made in the rough book. I cannot recollect whether I told the Doctor that the last residence of the deceased was Robert-street. I now recollect that I did not say so. rart of Robert-street is in the district of St. Matthew, and part is not. It was the habit of the Doctor to make these entries twice a-week When the certificate did not mention the last place of abode, I used to tell him. Raven's certificate did not contain the last place of abode of the deceased. Re-examined.-I had been at Dr. Vaughan's five or ten minutes w'hen asyden came. I could see him coming from the study window. I was not examined until more than a year after the occurrence. Hayden went went away first. heard him pay the money. Mr. Justice WIGHTnrn.-What do you mean by hearing the money paid? Wlitness.-I heard the money chink in his hand. By Serjeaut WrLu s.-He took the money into his study and nothing further occurred. It was not customary to give receipts for fees, except in cases of vault funerals. I generally referred to the Doctor if the funeral was out of the district myself, but sometimes I sent the undertaker. Mr. E. Hodgson deposed that in 1854-5 he was the incmnbent's churchvwarden for the St. Matthew's district. He produced the tough book before spoken of, and said it contained an entry, "William Raven, aged 33, Robert-street, G6s" He believed this entry was in Dr. Vaughan's handwriting. In September, 1854, there were complaints made by the inhabitants of the number of out- parishioners that were interred at Brixton Church, and he commumicated with Dr. Vaughan upon the subject, and the letters now produced passed between them. Dr. Vaughan and himself generally settled the account for fees every three months, and he only accounted for 6s., which was a single fee, in reference qo the burial of Raven. Mr. Eastman, the curate, produced the parish register, which contained the same entry as in the rough book, and it was also in the handwriting of the prisoner. By the ArrorsaxvGEESUL-There appeared by the rough hook to have been altogether 62 interments durnug the month of September, 1854, and of this number five only were of out-Parchionerx This was t&e case for the prosecution. The A rrOs.sx-GESERAU said, it now became his duty to address the jury on behalf of Dr. Vaughan upon the second indictment? and he was very anxious not to take up their time unnecessarily by any general observations. His learned friend had entered into an elaborate explanation with reference to the motives, and so far as the churcihwardens were concerned, he did not make any complaint. All that he took the liberty of saying was, that it was perfectly clear that there was a great deal of personal feeling and excitement in the parish upon the matter, and he believed the charges would never have been preferred but for that fact. The tribunal he was now addressing would, he was confident, not be influenced by any such matters, and he was sure they would do their duty fairly and impartially, and be guided only by the evidence. With regard to the present charge, he should not feel himself justified in urging at any length the great im.. probability that Dr. Vaughan should have committed such an offence, and that he should have ran the risk of sacri. ficing his position, his honour, his family, and everything dear to him in the world, for such a paltry consideration ai the one suggested; but stil he must entreat the jury not to lose sight of the fact. He would ask them whether it was not much more likely that Maltby should have committed this fraud, and that if there was any deception orvir ]any in the matter that he was guilty of it, than that Dr. Vaughan was the guilty party.? With regard to the story that had been told to-day by Hayden and Maltby, he had no hesitation in declaring his opinion that itwas as wicked a fabrication as had everbeen made. Withoutrelying upon the improbabilit ies contained in the story itself, and the discrepancies-important discrepancies-in the statements of the two witnesses, he would call the attention of the jury to the fact that this affair was supposed to have taken place at the very time when the churchwardens- were making complaints upon the subjectoftheburialof out-narishioners,when the parish was in alarm on account of the fearful visitation that prevailed of the cholera, and when Dr. Vaughan must have known perfectly well that the attention of every one was directed to the matter. At such a time as this the jury were to be called upon to believe that Dr. Vaughan, a clergyman, a gentleman, a man with a famfily looling up to him, should, for the paltry sum of Gs.-for that was the suggestion on the part of the prosecution-not only have put himself in the power of the sexton Maltby, but also in the p er of Haden, who appeared to be an entire stranger to Was it probable-vas it likely that he should have acted in such a manner ! Then, wi'h respect to the story itself, could they believe that Dr. Vaughan should have made use of such degrading language, unfitted to a clergyman and a gentleman ? If it had been suggested that he had told Hayden to deceive any one who made inqiries respecting the fineral, and not te3l the real place where the funeral came from, that might have been reasonable; but, no, Dr.Vaughan was represented to have at oneesaid, "Tellalie, andsayitcamefromRobertstreet." Could the jury possibly place any reliance upon such evidence? Again, with respect to the receipt, Hayden pretended to represent that he looked upon the proceeding of Dr. Vaughan as a most extraordinary one, and yet the receipt, which was such an important matter in connexion with the transaction, was lost, and Hayden gave the extraordinary statement they had heard relating to it. However it was clear the receipt, which would have been an importaut corroboration of his testimony, if the statement Hayden made contained any truth, was not forthcoming, and they would say whether this was not a most extraordinary and suspicious circumstance. His learned friend admitted that Malitby onght not to be relied upon, and he would then ask, who was Hayden? They knew nothing of him. It was quito clear that great frauds were per-petrated,.inreference to fees of this kind, by sextons and other subordinates connected with the church, in connexion with the lower class of undertakers, and nothing was more probable than that Maltby and Hayden were concerned m the frau(d in question. It appeared to him that he might safely leave his case in the hands of the jury upon the improbabilities of the story told by the witnesses Hayden and Maltby, and upon the contradictions in their testimony upon every important point, and particularly with regard to the receipt. In justic to r. Vaughan, however, he felt that he ought net to do so, and that havingevidence of the most positive kind to contradict the statements that had been made by these witnesses, it was his duty to lay that evidence before thejury, and satisfy them in the clearest manner that there was no foundation for the charge that had been made. The Attorney-General then gave a brief outline of the case he intended to laybefore the lury, and the following witnesses were then examined for the defence. Mary Smith said,-I have been in the service of Dr. Vaughan, as housemaid, for now three years. I remember seeing Maltby and another man at my master's house in September last. The other man was Hayden, the witness vwhohasbeeaexaminedto-day. Therewasalmock atthe door, and I went to open it and saw the twvo men there. Maitby said he wanted to see the Doctor concerning the funeral of a person named Wiliam Raven. I went into the study and saw Miss Lydia Vaughan, i[iss Decima Vaughan, Mfr. Josep Vaughan, and Dr. Vaughan. I told him what waltt.y had said,and he replied that he couldnot betronbled with it, and he must go to the churchwardens. The Doctor followed me out of the room and gave themessage to Maltby himself. idaltbyandHaydenwentawayimmediately andI saw no more of them. The Doctor returned to his study. I am sure that Hayden did not pay him any money. By Serjeant anens.-I have been nearly three years in the service of Dr. Vaughan. Ilhad neverseen Hayden, the undertaker, before that morning. The yonmg ladies were at this time ready dressed to go out for a wvalk. I should say it was between 11 and 12 o'clock in the day. I am sure a lad did not come with poultry at the same time. I went to one of the meetings of the parishioners upon the subject of these matters. I onlyremained about a quarter of an hour. The name of Raven was mentioned at the meeting as being one of the cases respecting which coinplaints were m,ade against Dr. Vaughan. It was not a usual thmg for a sexton and an undertaker to come to the house upon such occasions, and I do not remember that it ever happened before. I remember five men coming to my master's house one day. The meeting was held on the same day, and I saw the same five men present at the meeting. They had some wine and beer at my master's. I believe the young ladies were in the same roon. Re-examined.-Vhen I heard the story at the meeting and the name&of Raven mentioned, it recalledto my memory the fact of the sexton and undertaker coming to the house of my master. Miss LydiaB.Vaughan said,-I am adaughter oftheRev. Dr. Vaughan. I remember the occasion spoken of by the last witness when two men came -to maLe an application anbout a funeraL My sister Decima and my brother Joseph were in the study when Maztby and the other man came. The doorof the studywas open, and I could hear what passed. All that my father said was, that they must go to the churchwardens. He first said this to the servant and he then went out of the study towards the street door. I was going out at the time, and I saw Maltby and another man, Hayden, and I heard my father tell them himself that they must go to the churchwardens. Nothing more took place, and Y am sure my father did not receive an money from them or give them any piece of ~paper. - -* belevo the name of Raven was mentioned as that of the person who was to be buried. There is a neighbouring clergyman named Raven, and this attracted my attention. By Serjeant Wsars.-The- family had breakfasted in the morning. I do net know the day of the month or week when this happened. I had knoiva Hayden for several ears. His brother was our butcher. I have a brother who as a clergyman. He was not at outhouse an this ndsning. Miiss Dsecima Vaughan said,-I am also a daughter of the Rev. Dr. Vaughan I remember Maltbj ooning to our house with Hayden in September, 1854 l and mny siser were just going out. Mr. Serjeant WILU S, at this s eve of the inqi ro a,addressing the Court, said that, if any doubt had before been entertained with regard to the sincerity of his statement in reference to the objects of this prosecution, itwould at all events be removed by-what he was now going to state. He withdrew from this prosecution. The evidence of the servant and of the young ladies appeared to him to be so overwheDmin g anadit was so evident that they were speaking the truth, and they contradicted the witnesses for the prose. cutionsodistinetly, that hehadfeltcompeledto state the conviction that was created in his mind to the ch1urchwardens, and theyat once sanctionedthe course hehadtaken. At the same time ho could not refrain from expressing his opinion that the churehwardens had only done their duty in instituting the inquiry, and that now the matter had been set right. He would now, with his lordship's sanction, withdraw from the prosecution, and he felt a great deal more satisfaction at so doing than in obtaining a verdict against truth. There was a burst of cheering at the conclusion of the observations of the learned serjeant, which was with difficulty Re ATroRsm9-GENERAL then said that it appeared to hin that the course that had been taken was honourable to allPnarties. fr. Justice WIGuTrsx observed that it had appeared to him all along that there was this difficulty on the part of the prosecution, that there was no proof, even supposig Dr. Vaughan to have made the entry, that he knew at the time that Robert-street was a false address. It appeared to him that the prosecution had been instituted under a mistaken notion on the part of the churchwardens as to the facts. The jury then returned a verdict of ffoi Guilly. No evidence was offered upon the third indictment, and his LORDnsnI ordered Dr. Vaughan to be immediately discharged. This case concluded the business of the session, and the Court adjourned to Monday, the 3d of March
1POLICE. GUMUA.LL.-Mr.Wooltorton, one of thego rdians of the West London Union, applied to Mr. Alderman F7Aicoanix and Sir RP W. CAaDEN for a warrant under the following circumstances :-On Thursday evening last he went to No. 1, Green Dragon-court, ingstreet, Snow-hill, and upon opening the door of a room he was compelled to retreaton account of the stench that issued from it. He entered the room, and saw an old woman, apparently about 90 years of age, lying on the ground, having all the appearance of dying from starvation, and literally coiered with excrement and other filth. On the floor his attention was directed to a lman about 47 years of age in consequence of his hard breathing. Heappeared to be dying also, and was in the same state of filth as the old woman. lle died on the following mo-ning, and he Mr. Wooltorton) ordered the woman to be removed, and sent for a medical officer, who was in attendance upon them both almost immediately. The case had been reported to the coroner, and the guardians thought it desirable that the matter should be properly investigated. He was informed that the -woman had been living in that room, for more than 30 years, and the son had become idiotic from the effects of continually breathing such an atmosphere. The mindows of the room were covered up with filthy rags, which prevented any fresh air that might have come in through them from entering. There were some four or five boxes in the room, containing a large quantity of rags and other matter vhich appeared to have been picked up from time to time in the street. He believed, owever, that it was not from actual necessity that this state of things existed, for he had been informed that the woman had regularly paid her rent, and the landlsrd had stated that he had no idea they were in such a state. The woman, in her lucid intervals, saidshe had 30 sovereigns in a saufbox, but he (Mr. Wooltorton) ordered that none of the things should be removed, and he left the premises with the intention of maling a proper enamination in the morning. In the mean4ime the son-in-law and the daughter of the old woman (in the absence of the officer whom he had set to secure the room) put another padlock on the door, andthe consequence was that that they could not get in without a warrant from the magistrate. Re desired that the money shoutld be kept for the use of the poor woman, and umder these circumstances he applied for the warrant. Alderman IAURmslmxz said, he was sure the parish and the pubEc would be obEged to Mr. Wooltorton for looking into these matters. Re (the Alderman) would write to MIr. Daw, the City Commissioner of Sewers, and he wvould bring the matter before the board; at the same time the relieving officer would have the custody of the property, and if he required any assistance from the police officers it should be granted. Mr. Wooltorton said, he did not wish to have all the credit of the matter, for the guardians, as a body, wvere constantly vmiting, and were most desirous of having the present case fully investigated. M3RYLmEBONE-Mr. LONG received from Mrs. Lumley 51. for the poorbox. CLlns oNwELL.--JolmMonro, aliasWilson, John Jones, ahias George Pa,ker, alias James Punt Bovitt, and George Richardson, were placed at the bar before Mr. COBRIr charged with burglariously entering the house of Mlr. Faulkaner, and stealmg therefrom six silver table spoons, one gold mourinog rinOg, two silver punch ladles, one plated tankard, a vintner's silver medal, and a ouantity of other property, of thevale of 30L., under the following circumstances. The apprehension of the prisoners on this charge vas effected in the following manner:-They were brought to this court by Police.constable 485 X, a few days smne, charged with loitering, and wvere sentenced to three months' imnprisonment with hard labour; just as the prisoners were being removed, Sergecant Sainashury, 52 N, a very intelligent officer, asked that the prisoners might be remanded for a short time, and when they were removed he went to the cell, and, taking their shirt coLlars from them, found that they had been stolen a few days previously, with a quantity of other proty,fromthe house No. 58, St. Paul's-street, Islington. H then went to Mr. Faulkner's, No. 3, Eden-grove, Cornwall-place, Holloway, and, upon that gentleman coming to the court with his neighbours, the prisoners were identified as having been at the house of the prosecutor on the morning of Christmasday, and, havg brought out a box from the prosecutor's house and placed it in a dogct, they all got in and drove off. The prisoner Jones was convicted for a burglary at the Old Bailey in 139, and transported for 15 years. He was sent to Norfolk Island, escaped from there soon after, and returned to England. He was recaptured in Liverpool, when he was tried as an escaped convict, and sentenced to be transported forlife. He was then sent toHobart Town,but escapedfror there in S49, again returnedto England,andwas apprehended by Sergeant Whicher, of the detectiveforee, in ,January, 1852, and was tried at the Old Bailey, and agai transported for life, but soon afterwards obtained his pardon. He v.as shortly afterwards apprehended, and committed for trial, for an extensive burglary, at a jeweller's shop at Leightor. Buzzard, but was acquitted, and has since been m eustody, and had three months' hard labours Richardson was also well known, having been tried for a daring burglary at the Surrey Sessions, and sentenced to six years' penal servitude. He was then confined in Horsemonger-lane Gaol, and escaped from there about 1S months since. The other prisoner was also well knoivn to the police, and had 7een sentenced to two years' hard labour for an attempted burglary. Mr. Robler attended for the prosecution, and Mr. J. Wakeling for the defence. The prisoners, who had nothing to say in their defence, were committed for triaL. WoRSm'-SmTRI.-Ellen Davis, 28, a neatlv-dressed woman, and Thomas Wilcox, 17, described as a bricklayer's labourer, were charged before Mr. H2A iLL with the following singular robbery. Dr. Rersch Danemarck, a portly middle-aged person, stated,-I am by birth an Austrian Jew, and occupy apartments at 35, Finsbury-market. I am also, I should state, a Hebrew Rabbi, a Doctor, and Professor of Physiognomy. I have only been two months in London, a fortnight of which I have resided as above., On the morning of the 31st of last mo nth I had occasion to leave home at S o'clock, and on doing so locked the room door and took the key with me. When I left home I left in the room a black leather port. mantean, which contained a tallis or priest's scarf, nohly embroidered, two sets of commandments, tw-o printed Hebrew volumes, a bag containing six gold rings, three gold keys, a gold eagle, a silver gilt sword, a silver gilt knife, a silver gilt model of a railvay engnme, a gold Albert chain, six desert knives, a gold dagger, sacerdotal ornaments, and other articles, some of which had been presented to me by the Emperor of the French, the Queen of Hollind, and other potentates and members of the foreign nobility at various times, as complimentary recogtions of my abilty in the exercise of my Profession. Theso were a7 safe in the box, but the key was left in it. On returning home in the afternoon I was told by my landlady that she suspected I had been rebbed, and on opening the door with my own key, I found that the leather trunk had been opened, and plundered of all the articles I have mentioned. I havea slight knowledge of the prisoner Davis, whom I accidentallymetinthe streetabonta fortnight ago, and, discovering she spoke German, I asked her if she could tell me where I could procure a lodging. She couad not do so, but directly after found out where I next took a lodging, an called upon me several times, upon some of which occasions she may have seen some .of the stolen jewelry in the portmanteau, and others upon my gold cham. Griffin, a city officer, stated,-I was on duty i; the Minories when Davis came to me and said, "I have stolen rings and other jewelry from a gentleman in Ensbury; a boy was with me at the time, and if you will go with me I will show you the people I gave the property to." She took meto a low lodging-house in George. street, Spitalfields, and pointed out Wilcox, who stoutly denied it, but w as taken. She then said she would point out the woman who had received all the jewelry of her, but bad not given her hershare of it, and she took me to a low beershop, where she pointed out the married daughter of the landlord. This woman denied all knowledge of the robbery or iewelry, but was talken, and on t-he road to the station Wilcox said, voluntarily,." Davis camne tom3e and told me if I would go with her she would put me in the way of earning 2s. or 3s. I went with her to ahouse in Finsbury, where she gave inca parcel to carry, and I was going hack through Bishopsgate when a man robbed me of it." back This statement was true, as a carpet-planner named Caffray deposed to seeing the two prioners in F3inburymarket, the boy carrying a bundle. se suspected some robbery, and followed then,-till the boy was leftalonein Artillery-lane, whenhe stopped the boyand demanded-the bundle, which thc boy dropped, and begged him to let hinmgo. He took the bundle to tne station, where upon its being opened it was found to contain the. tallis, the Hebrew books, and conmmandmients before spoken to, all which.were identified by the prosecutos, together with the bag in which-theywero enclosed. There was no evidence against the danghter of the beeshopkeeper, except the Accusation of Davis, and she was therefore discharged; but none of the jewellyl has been recovered, and two women named Bennett and Welsh con- elusively proved the preaeii6e of Daiivs7aid Wilcox in the' prosecutor's agc on the morning of the robbery andth the boy carned a bundle while Davis had Bometlng con eealed beneath her shawL In defence, the boy Wilcox declaxed that he dia n6f EcAi the rperty was Etolen, and Davis said she should eerve her defence, upois which the depositions were taken agaia each, and both were fully committed for triaL, as 5also w the woman Davis upon a seoond charge of stealing wean nnarel from the house of a coffeeshopkeeper nae; W'right, in Crown street, insbu7, he impudetlde. aazing that the property had been gxven to her by its ownex to sel. 11A1MMi-TO-erh Taylor, late se cond engineer of tl's stwam ship Mlaley Hill, was brought uponremand, befora Mir. IUSGsas cau-aed with -- ulawf2ly, maliciousd n feloniouly damagig otws, than byfl., h ,,sI Marly Hll,andrendering useles the -siane by then aniE there wilfully turning the lever of a certain cock, cae the sea-cock, attached to -the said veseLwham whby a great quantity of water was adraitted into thle engine-room of the, said vesseL Mr. Cleveland, of the firm of Martin; Thomaus, and Rol.; lams% soHlcitors, conducted the proscution on behalf of the General Iron Screw Collier 26npm y the owners Of thnt Marley Hil; Mr. PeThan defendie tfhe prisoner. The case occupied the attention of the Court several hours, and there have been repeated investigations and dis. cussions on the law of the case. It appeared that the Marley Hin has been in the service of Her aj;estys Government as a transport. On Wednesday, the 20th ult., she arrived im the Pool from the Crimes, amd anchored off Limehouse Hole. At 6 o'clock in the afternoon the first and third engineers and the firemart went on sbore and left the engine-room in charge of Mr. Pearson, the chiet mate. At that tune the sea-cock which feeds the boilez with water, was turned off, and there was no water in the engine-room. At 10 o'clock the same night the prisoner wanted to descend into the engine-room for his boots. The, chief mate triedto prevent bim, andsaidhemustnot gobelow. The prisoner made use of abusive language, and threatene to knrock down the mate. He asked where the chief engineer (Wilson) and the third engineer (plligan) V'era gone, and, onbeinginfornedthey had goneon shorc e said it said it was a d-d pretty thing to leave him alone in the slup, andhewonld do for the ola-, meangWion with wohom he had quelled on the voyage. leremainel below in the engine-room abouthbal an-hour, and then cAme on deck and wen' on shore. On the following morning, at 6 o'clock, the people on board another slhp called the ogBs D. Mangles hailed the Marley HBIl, and said she was sinldng. Captain Abbott, the master, Mr. Pear. son, mid others were aroused, and found betweesa seven and eight feet of water in the hold. The pnps were set to work, but the leak -was not reduced. Additional assistance was obtained, and other pum3? 'Were put in requisition. The water was got under, an it Was then discovered the sea-cock, which supplies t&e boilerswitUl water, bad been turned on to the full extent. It was about one-third open, and in five or six hours moue, if the discoverr of the leak had nottaken place, the shipwouldhave sunk 'wita all on board. The expense incured in pumping out the abip Was 151. It was proved that the sea-cock was not turned os when char'e of the engine-room was given up to the mate - that whenlhe left the prisoner there no water was to be seen; and that no one entered the engine-room after the prisoner until the leak was discovered. It was suggested that tho atrocious act was committed by the prisoner for the purpose of annoying and injuring the chief engineer, with whom he had quarrelled. On the other hand, it was urged by Mr. Pelham that if the vessel had sunk the prisoner would have lost his clothes, which it was provet were on board, and that they wvere worth 301.; but Captain Abbott and the chief engineer said they w ere not worth more than 10Z. at the must. MEr. Pelbam also stated that he couldeaII severalwituessesto rebutmany of the state. ments of the witnesses for the prosecution. 3. IxoGM thought it was the province of a jury to decLide upon conflicting evidence; and, although willi to hear anywitnesses for the defence, thought a pri7rn facde case was made out, and, that the prisoner should be coinm nitted for triaL Mr. Pelham then declined to call his witnesses And finally the prisoner was held to bail, himelf in 100. and two sureties of 80L. each. SorTHwARM--John Henry Talby, an Indiarubber proofer, and Louisa Talby, his wife-the latter with aa mfant in her arms-were brought before Mr. CosmB}, charged with cruelly beating Julia Talby, 10 years of age, the daughter of the male prisoner bya former wife, anc neglecting to provide for her proper nourislhment. The male prisoner denied ill-treating her in the manner described; the child was very trouhiesomo and he was compelled to correct her. The woman had nothin to say, only that it was not half true what the witnesses had stated. Mr. Coarsx said, that their conduct was very brutal, sand he should remand them for a week for the attendance of the doctor. Pobert Cammings, a tall, well-dressed, portly-looilng manr Was brought up for final examination, charged with having in his possession te 101. forged Bank of England notes, with intent to ntter the same. He was also charged with having aLt his lodgings, 14, Thuck-lane, Westminster, an extensive and complete set of apparatus for manufacturing counterfeit coin, consisting of galvanic batteries; metals, moulds, &c. Ir. Freshfield prosecuted on behalf of the Bank of England, and Mr. Solomon defended the prisoner. It appeared, from the evidence of Inspector Moore, f division, that on Friday evening, the 1st inst., he, in company with Inspectors Maccenzie and Mlackintosh, and Ser. gcant Gardiner, were in a street leading out of the N'ew Sent-road, where they saw the prisoner with another man. Gardiner seized the prisoner, and as witness was gOing up to his assistance he distinctly saw him drop a small paper parcel, whichhe instantly pick-ed up, and, on opening it, found it to contain ten 101. Bank of England notes, which he had since ascertained to be forgeries. With the assis ance of the other officers he secured the prisoner, and conveYed him to the stationhouse, when he said that he liveiE at 14, Duck-lane, Westminster. Inspector Mackenzie said, he saw the prisoner drop the forged notes, and he went, with Inspector Mackintosh and. other officers, to the prisoner's lodging, and at the top of the house they found a trapdoor in the ceiling. After some difficulty they succeeaed it forcmg it open, and when they gamed an entrance they found machinery and an extensive set of apparatus for manufacturing counterfeit coin. Among them were a galvanic battery on a large scale, acids, crucibles, metals moulds, &c., which appeared to have been recently used. They were seized, and now he produced them. for his worship's inspection. He distinctly saw the prisoner drop the parcel of forged notes, Sergeant Gardiner, 25 M saiid, he received information respecting the prisoner, and on Friday evening, about 5 o'clock, he saw him near the Bricklayers' Ans, in the Rent-road, and shortly afterwards he was joined by another man. witness watched them, and, having given information to his inspector, he suddenly ran up to the prisoner and seized him. In the struggle he distinctly saw the prisoner drop the parcel containing the forgednotes. Mr. Solomon said, he was instraucted to say that the prisoner never had those notes in his possession. They were at his feet by the man wic escaped, a he badthreatened=a few days previous that he would transpoxt him. Mfr. 'BECXicT said, that it had been sworn by the two inspectors and tho sergeant that he dropped them, and, an Mr. Bumpsted, the inspector of banknotes at the Bank of England, had-sworn they were forgeries, he had no alternative but to commit him to Newgate for triaL L- crsr.L-The Hon. G. C. XoF.Tox was engaged for a considerable time in investigating a charge of excess of duty againct Sergeants Harris and Budd, and aLso one of negS'gence of duty and impper conduct on the part of Ser Tol~~~~division of police. Sergant Mould, all of theLdvsoo}plc The charge againstRaris and Budd wasfirstentered into, and from the evidence it appeared that they have been engaged in tracing out the persons en"nied in the enormously extensive robbery at Messrs. WlLer, Parker; and Co.'s, shot manufacturers and Ilad merchants in Belvidereroad, Lambeth, and, in the course of their inquiries, they on the evening of Tnesday, the 29th of last month, went to the premises of Mr. Dawson, a barge builder near Vaux:hall-bndge, and inquired of him if he had an iron chain belongig to Mesrs. Walker and Co. on his premises? Mr. awrson replied that he bad, and further observed that he was in the habit of bonrowing from and lending to the Messrs. Walker such articles as the one or the other might reouire in the course of their business, and the chaifi in qaestion he had borrowed from Mr. Barnes, the foreman of the Messrs. Walker and Co., months before. It may here be stated that Burnes is the brother-in-law of Mr. Dawson, and also the principal actor in the extensive robbery on his employers The officers5 HaTrris and Budd, not only took avay thechain, but also Mr. Dawson, and conveyed the latter to the stationhouse inKennington-lane, where they detained him for several houre for the attendance of Mr. Wickins, a clerk of Messrs. Walker and Co., to give him in charge. On the arrival of Wickim% Mouild, the sergeant on duty, refused to take the charge, and the consequence was that Mr. Dawaun, the present complainant, w.spermittedto go at large, and subsequently forwrarded a complaint to the Commisoners of Police. Mr. Solomon, who attteuded on the part of the complainant, offered to withdraw the charge, provided the defendants made a suitable apology to his respectable clienta hat Mr. Humphreys, jun., who attended on the part of th3 defendants, objected to any compromise in the matter, andc observed that his clients had in no way ex;ceeded their duty. On the contrary, he insisted that they discharged it quite properly. They kept Mr. Dawson merely for tbe time necessary for theattendance of the person to give him in charge, and that Sergeant Mould had not thought proper to take the charge was no fault of theirs. Evidence was then gone into, and after the examinationx of Mr. Dawson himself and other witnessesp)w ar d con., Mr. NomuRTo was of opinion that the complaini fell completely to the ground cnd dismissed it, and ablo wbote the foZolwing remarks in the proper colunmn in the charge-sheet : -7" The officers have acted most properly, and in the due execution of their duty. -G. . C. NoRToN." It'beingpaAt5 c'lock, the comp]i.nt against Sergeant MIould, of refusing to take charge of 1. D DaDdo, aEnd actng in an uncivil tone and m azner towards Mr. Wiclins, who wished him to take the charge, was postponed to a future day. SAX,E OF BREAD BY Wnsn.-ne Mina istrate! of Cheltenham ancd Glocester are determined to cnforce the sale of bread by weight. The I!ayor of Gloc._ter bas issued a notice, calling the attention of bakers to the law on the subject and the pinties imposed. At' CheItenham the magistrates en Saturday had a case of this kind before them. A baker named Stephen Green was charged with negleoting to keep proper weights in his shop, and it Was proved that a carpenter named Walton had gone into the defendant's shop and asked for a quartem (41b) biaf. He ,was served with a loaf, for wvich be paid 8d., and he then askled to have it waighed, and was answered that it was mot the custom.of the shop to weigb bread. 'The loaf was afterwards weighed and found to beony 3L1b. The magistrates fined the eIidant lor. and expe;ss and announced thot infuureasesof.-the Idnd the fiQpna of c!5? -bde tnforced; .at 1 ol
-- AMERICA. SOUTIAMPTON,FE. 1, 'IeUmv tm uteanIAT~P TS~Mann, tWAX L-4 s, with dates tothe 26th Illt. arn-4dat this port this mornilg ew ymIte iros e York for Bremen. There were ;' board aboat 50 passenge7s, 15 of whom have, anded at Southiianip toi2, and the nusual carg,, of English merchandise. The Eermann, after C'alng, will proceed to Bremeix In-menrrAnw_ The mail steamship Baltic, from Liverpool for New York, a'rived out on the morning of tbe 24th nlt. The Wa.shing,ton, from Southampton. reached lNew York on the 21st ult. Congress was still without a Speaker. The last ballot was, Banks, 91; Richardson, 6t; 1Fuler, 29; Camphell, 5; Bennington, Shorter, and Porter one I - The number necessary to a choice was 98. In {he. Rouse of Representatives Mr. Boyce ofered a resolution to the effect that as the relations evith Great Britain were of the most threatening r1aracter, indicating the eve of most, startling events, it was the imperative duty of the House, at such a juncturre of peril, to organize itself by the election of a Speaker. Mj1r. Stephens, in reply, said, that if the counfry vva on the eve of war he knew 3nothing about it. Be motion was t&boled. The Pr~esident had communicated to the Senate the following letter from Lord J. Russell to Mr. Crampt.on respecting the Central American question. The sbiject was to be discussed in the Senate on the 27th of January:- "London, Jai. 19, 1853. "Sir,-In treating of the affiirs of CMosqnito, I maust in the first piace refer you to the despatch of Lord Malmesbury of the 6th of July, 1852, upon t4tis subject. It is evident that since Great Britain tirst assumed the protection a=d defence of the Mosquito Indians, the position of all pasties has changed. - "1. Spain, instead of exercising absolute sovereignty over Central America, and prohibiting anl commerce on the coasts under her sw ay, has entirely lost her donminion over the continent from Cape Horn to i'lorida. " 2. The Mosquito Indians instead of govensing their own tribe according to theirown customs, furnish a name and title to Europeans and Americans, who carry on trade at Greytown and along the coast of Mosquito, according to the uzages of civilized nations. " 3. Great Britain, instead of having an interest in the dlefence of the Mosquito Indians, for the sake of rescning mart of the territory ^f Central America from Spanish icontrol, and obtainin- an authorityforher commerce, hasno ether intesest in Yosquito than that -which is derived from an honourable regard for her old connexion with the Indian nation of Mosquito. ' "Her Majesty's Government has for several years endeavoured to suit her engagements to the altered crcumstances of the case; but every proposal that has been made with this view has encountered some insuperable obstacle. The contentions in Central America between Nicaragu, Costa Rica, and Honduras; the absence of any authority wiath which anypermanent agreement could be made; unfounded jealousies of Great Britain, and various other circumstances, have prevented the settlement of this vexatious Questien. "In conformity with the opinions stated in Lord Malmeshuy's despatch of July 16, to which I have already referred, I have to state that the Conmittee of Government At Greytown are, in fact, the real power that exercises authority in that part of Central America. To Her Majesty's Government it would be a matter of iladifference whether that authority was exercised in the name of the King of Mfosquito, or m the name of Greytown itself. But it is desirable that what is apparent should be made to conform as 'ar as possible with what is real. What is apparent is that the Eing of fosquito exercises sovereignty over GreytoNvn. What is real is, that he had no authority there whatever, but that the committee of Europeans and Americans carry on the Government at that port. "'Wivat Her Maitjesty's Government, therefore, should consider a good and tinal arrangement would be-first, that Greytown shonld be a free and independent port, connected with Mosquito by such relations of friendshlip and alliance .as maybe .ced upon. Second, that indemnification, or advantages equivalent to those laid down in the project of convention of thel3th of April, 1852, shall be assured to 3losquito ia return for its withdrawal from its present position wvith regard to Greytown. Third, that Great Britain and the United States, without gtaranteein; Greytown, should be ready to act in concert to defend the independence of the free city or port of Greytown from whatever quarter it might be attacked. Wbat is essential and of immediate importance is, that the authorities of Greytown should be ready to assame either unqualified independence, with an engagement to defend Mosquito, or qualified independence, owing allegiance and support to Mlosquito. For this purpose some person qualfied to treat should proceed at once to Greytown. Whether a naval officer of EHer Majesty's service or a civil one would be a fitter person to be intrusted with this3rmssion, I must leave you to decide. It would be desirable, if the Government of the -United States should concur in these views, that a new convention, in place of the unaccepted project of agreement of April, 1852, should beLpoposed and concluded, and that a person similarly qanled should be sent by this Government at the same timleand for the same object. "1 have only further to say that indemnity to Mosquito might possibly not be made in money, but in greater securitg, for certain fixed territory witlhu which the free port of Greytowvn, assisted by Her Majesty's ships of -war, nnght manage to defend the Mosquito nation. The GovernorGeneral of Canada and authorities in other of Her Majesty's North American possessions have made from time to time agreements somewhat similar. The President of the United States has frequently made conventions wvith the Indiars to the like effect. The peculiarity of this base is that certain neighbouring States deny altogether the independence of Mosquito, and the Mosquito nation are liable every day to new incu.sions upon their territory. We can make no complete provision a;ainst this danger. Our polcy is to do all that honour aid hunanity require in behalf of the Mosquito nation. But we intend to adhere strictly to the treaty at Washington of the 19th of April, 1850, and not to asstime any sovereignty, either direct or mdirect, in Central Amenca. " J. RussETZd' (Memorandun in BMr. Everett's handwciting.) "r. Crammpton authorized me to communicate this to Congress in any way I thought proper," The New York papers publish, int extenso, the special message of the President to Congress oi the Kansas controversv - " The President recapitulates the history and progress of that territory hitherto, from which it appears that a large share of the troubles which .havo existed there are the natural and necessary consequence of Governor Reeder's coume-first, in giving certitictaes of election to persons (perhaps) not entitled to thern, and then, subsequently, in refusiug to acknowledge the Legislature collectively, which he had aclnowledged in detail, and for no better reason than because they had transferred their sittings from his famous village of Pawnee to the Shawnee lission. In both respects he evinced a lack of sound judgment or else of firmness, and the consequences begin to be seen. The President distinctly acknowledges the validity of the nets of the uansas Legislature, and of course he ignores volunteer conventions and volunteer elections in oppo.. sition to the government inchoated by Congress. Aecordingly, he declares that it will be bis I imperative duty to exert the w-hole power of the Federal Executive to support public order in the territory; to vindicate its lavws, vwhether federal or local, against all attempts of organized resstance; and so to protect the people in the establishment of their own institutions, undisturbed by enc-roachments from without.' With a view to a final termination of existing evils in KRansas the President recommends the enactment of a law by Congress, providing that, when the inhabitants of the territory shall desire it and shall be of suflicient numbers to constitute a State, a convention of delegates, duly elected by the gualifiedvoters, shall assemble to frame a constitution, and t 'us to prepare, tbrough regular and lawful means, for its admission mto the Union as a State. The message presents the case in a clear and strong light, and can hardly fail to have a beneficial effect both in Kansas and out of it." The 2Ve-u York T-ibune publishes the following from their Washington correspondent, dated Jan. 21 :- "The Government has received no official information as to the recent bloody outrage in Kansas, announced by telegraph. Senators to-day informally coiifessed as to the policy of adising the President to send military to Kansas to preserve peace and protect the territory against Missouri :nvaslons. - "Soutlern senators predict that civil war is ine itable in a s.hort time." On the 23d -alt. the same correspondent says "M 4Nr. Buchanan writes that he wil relinquish liis mission on the 12th of February, whether a successor be nominated or not. He will appoint Mr. Campbell, the consufl at London,%to the post of Charge d'Affaires. There being no Secretary of Legation at the present juncture, this proceeding may temporarily embarrass our relations, as the intelligence of 3Jr. Crampten's recall 'vifl occupy Lord Palmerston .at tl.e same time.. "No official answer has been received from Denmark on AIr. MNarcy's proposition of the 3d of November to pay the cost of lighthouses and buoys instead of the capitalization suggested from the other side, and now soon expected. The Elro~pean Con'ress on this subject was abandoned, owing to political compflcations. "Mfr. Orr's nomination by the Democratic caucus vill not faclitate the orgDanization cf the House. The platforn wras reaffirmed to vindicate MIr. Richardson's withdrawal. The Southern members will not take On-, and therefore the triangnlar war will be unchanged until some ne;v development. The steamship Daniel Webster, from San Juan (le Nicagua, arrived at New Orleans on the 25th ilt., 'with two weeks' later news from California-viz., to the 5th of January. The United States' mail steamer Golden Gate left San Francisco on the 5th silt. with oO0 passengers and $1,300,000 in treasure. The steamship Star of the West had sailed from San Juan for New York with 350 passengers and ,600,000 in specie. The California news is generally unimportant. A severe shock of earthquake was experienced at San Francisco on the 2d inst. The trial of Corey for the murder of General Richardson wtS in progress. Attachments had been issued against Lucien Herm'ann, an extensive money agent at San Francisco, for neatly $150,000. The Sacramento Valley Railroad had been opened a distance of 22 miles. The news from the mines is of an encouraging nature, and new rich diggin,s have "been di3. covered on the American river. The San Francisco markets were dull the demand from the interior being light.I Tngour and grain: the'transactiions were to a limited extent. The arrivals at Sau Franciscm from Atlantic ports comprised the shipa Matchlems Wild Rover, Winged , rtr ,o.a.nd ,lqying WfJrM postol; t,, Go,lded Ivest, £midnight andiorfi ng Star, from New Yorlk; and the William Sturges from Ph1iadelphia. In lNorthern Califorlha Th4SU dePteda' still continued. From Nicaragua we lealP that everytbing o was prosperous and orderly, General Walker was re-. ceiving accessions by avery steamer, and it is said that his effective force of Americans numbered between 800 and 300. OCeggondatesareto the 20thof December. Nothing had been heard of Colonel Kinney's party, which had left to attack Fort Walla Walla, which was in possession of the Indians. Intelligence from Honduras to the 22d cf December reports an unusual dulness in trade. The prices of mahog,anywere low, wages depreciated, and a 1aa e amount of mortality had existed amongt the WVhites. The Belize correspondent cf the Newo York Ilesand says,- " Englaudwvas rvetingherrue more farmly on the colony. t has now beewn ordered that all vessels shall be registered, and that no forei-anr shall own a ship hoisting the'British fag, unless he take the oath of allegiance to that Gover-. ment and become naturalized. Many persons had already done so. A vessel of the West India squadron was in port, and her commander had caused some alarm by beating to arms in the night and firing some broadsidee for practice. Shipping business was more active.'" In the New York Money-market money was in good demand, and the turn of the market was in favour of the lender. Foreign exchange was irregular, but the tendency of the market was toward firmer rates. The quotations for bills on London for good signatures was 108 to }08X, but mos' of the ibusiness had been done at 108k to 1 . The stockmarket was very heavy and lower; the decline was not great, buit there was little disposition to specuIlate. In breadst-ffs State and Western flour was heavy, and was quoted at 6t to M21lower. Southern fiurTas d.ul for the extreme g,ves, buti medium was in fair demand. Canadian and rye flour was steady. WVheat was inactive and oats dull. The cotton-marketcontinued depressed, and quotations for some descriptions were reduced lc. Hops continued dull and heavy at 6 to 10. The provisionmarket was heavy. A circular, dated Jan. 25, thus gives the state of the grain market at New York:- "Common superfine State flour is in demand at $5 to ;SA; extra, $Sz. Extra Ohio and southern brands, $SA to $9. At Philadelphia holders are asking $8A, and at Baltimore there are no more seUers at $i8 forZCity Mills and Howard-street; 3,000 barrels sold yesterday for February delivery at $SA. " Wheat is generally beld above the views of buyers. Prime red southern, $1 95 to $2. White, $2 to $2 5 for Canadian, and $210 to $2 15 for southern. Frozen rivers prevent southern markets being supplied. At Philadelphia red is nominally $1 95 to $1 98; white, $2 5 to $2 15. At Baltimore there are no supplies, azd rates quite nominaL " Rye has kept very steady during the depression of other breadstuffi, and was not at anytime obtainable below $130 for prime samples; at this price there arc now no sellers, as there is nothing arriving, and in store more money is asked. At Philadelphia rye sells readily at $1 20 in store, and more buyers than sellers; smal vesseis for Europe much wanted. " Indian corn is quiet, there being little demand for shit? mient. Arriv.als from the south are scanty, and there as nothing pressig oB the market. Prime yelow commands 5Sc. to 90c.* white, t0c. to 92c.; and mixed old crop, 90c. in store. At Philadelphia prime yellow sels at 80c. in store, and at Baltimore, TGc. to 7Sc. per bushel measure, accordig '-Freights are dull and lowver. To Liver~pool, floulr 2s. Gd. to 2s. 9L; grain, S4-L. in bulk, ar d 'd. m slups'bags, to ILonidon, 4s. and 12d.; to Antwerp, 4s. 3d. and 13L,; to Havre, nominally 73c. and 20c.; to Potterdams, 4sa 6d. and 13d,; to Hambur, Is. in shippers' bags; to Ba-omen,
SITETRS OF CHABITY IVN TE EAST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE MES Sir,-As the Protestant ladies who have been labouring in the East with Miss Nightingale have received in the person of that lady their fail meed of praise, I hope that you will have no objection to give publicity to the following estract from the Lenten indult of Cardinal WViseman, bearing on the labonrs of our Sisters of Charity in the same fearfuil field. I am. Sir. vour hiumble servnnt A CATHOLIC. This thought of peace suggests to us the dischge of a pleasin duty. In a former pastoral we spoke to you of the nevoteaness of our chaplains in the East, the number of whom we rejoice to say has for soine tiue reached the full complement allowed us of 15. Circumstances seem to call upon us to pay unwvilingly a public tnbute to another class of labourers in the Aceflama of the Crimea-our humble, but laborious nuns. The charity which springs up suddenly in the world, and reflects credit on itself, the world will take care to requite, to honour by loud s-ise te exalt by exclusive applause, to commemorate bylasting monumments. The charity which, long nourished in the midst of the cloister, has been for years secretly exercised amid the infected lanes and plague-stricken courts of cities, nd only changes its seene, not its objects-its intensity, not its rnotives-wrhen it braves the perils of the sea to nurse the soldier, instead of the pauper,-this is a virtue wlsich neither asks, nor has reason to expect, even the passing tribute of orne generous word from those whose mouths are opened to praise charity. This may have been painful to us, for it would have rejoiced us to witness any 3nst and honourable manifestation of feeling towards such untirin" ministers of religious charity, but it is better for them, who look only to their Father, who seeth in secret, for their reward, and would shrink from receiving any portion of it here below. But, as this very silknce, systematically observed, might easily lead some of the faithful to suppose that our pious Sisters of llercy had abandoned the field of charity to secular zeal, we hare great consoLation in assuring you that not only do they stillcontinue their labour5,both in the more distant hospitals and in those at the scat of war, to which they have been more laely called, but that additional numbers have jusEt been sent out to meet the increased demand which experience of their unremitting and efficient exertion has pro-
ilMEDICAL REFOPRA. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In common witlh every member of the House of Commons, I feel obliged to the gentlemen in the reporters' gallery, who, under considerable difficulties, produce most faithfulreports of tbe proceedings of the House; yet at times I think condensation may be carried a little too far. About six weeks ago I waited on Sir G. Grey, as one of a deputation on medical reform ; and your reporter, or rather, as I venture to surmise, your correspondent, on that occasion rendered my observations perfectly unintelligible, as fronm his report it -would appear that I attributed the absence of legislation on medical matters to the conduct of the gentlemen who preside over the medical coryorate bodies of the united kingdom; whereas, the fact was 1 found fault with the present and aU former Governments for not looking upon those institutions as necessary to the welfare of society, and consequently support them as national institutions, and not allow their existence to depend, as is now the case, on the amiount of fees paid for degrees. At the time I did not think it necessary to set your reporter right, but, as nearly a similar mistake is made in your report of the proceedings in the House, on Medical Reform, on Friday mght last, i should feel obliged by your permitting me to quote the passage to which I particularly refer as not being accurately reported. The follt b ing acere a y words: "The one great idea which occupied the public mind was that medgcal reform was solely obstructed through the want of unity among medical men. This presumed cause I was prepared to assert to be without foiudation, inasmuch as medical men were almost united to a man for having a large and comprehensive measure of reform; at the same time I must confess that there was considerable difference of opinion in the medical corporate bodies as to the proper mode of treating the cjuestion, but I wvished to be clearly understood, when spealing of the gentlemen that preside over those institutions, that personarly I have the highest respect for them, as I look upon them, as the brightest ornaments of the profession-men who devoted their lives to the study and advancement of science and to the alleviation of the sufferings of their fellow-creatures." I am, Sir, your obedient servant. JOTTYN- RA TV 1, Warwick-terrace, Belgravia, Feb. 9.
SIR R. AIRBy, -- TO THE IDIr, Sir,-On FriE r-JR O1F TEE TE S l anestion r-' y night Mr.:Peel, !A 4answer to O, wheth - t y Lord William Grahami, as to tlit officers animadverted on in the --e,% report hbad been called upon to explain their alleged misconduct, answered that, as far as the Quartermaster-General was concerned, it had not 1*.een necessary to call upon him for any such explanations, because the moment he saw the report he felt that it reflected upon him, and that he had announced his intention of replying to it. The authorities at the Horse Guards were in possession of that report long before Sir R. .Airey was appointed Quartermaster-General. It would appear that they did not think that Sir J. M'Neil's account of Sir Richard's administration in the Crimea required any explanation, for, without seeking any, they placed him and Colonel Gordon at the head of the very department at home in which they had failed so fatally abroad. Who is responsible for this? Ahe the lives of the thousands of England's best soldiers, wasted by the incapacity of these two men, to be held as nothing in the balance, when favouritism and Court influence are thrown in the opposite scale? Quouesque tande7Y o? Your obedient servant. JUSTICR
COLONEL the HOY. ALEXANDER GORDON. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-If the private letters of Colonel the Hon. Alexander Gordon from the Crimea to his friends at home, which he professes so much anxiety to see in print, be so strictly in accordance with those of your own correspondent, how comes it that his evidence before Sir John M'Neil is to the contrary effect, viz., that even so lately as Blay last he did not think the sufferings of the army had been so severe as they had been represented to be ? One miignt also ask how it was that his father, Lord Aberdeen, stated before the Sebastopol Coinmittee, that the fist intimation he had of the sufferings of the army was through the newspapers ? Did not this dutiful son write to his father ? I am, Sir, your obedient servant, C. London, Feb. P3.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-We beg to ser d you copy of the survey held on the cargo of the steamer Belgique, which you will perceive fully confirms our report to yon yesterday, that the bulk of the cargo has sustained no damage whatever, and you will observe that out of the whole cargo there are only ten paclmges, wet penetrated, damaged; three ditto, slightly damaged; two ditto, damaged, and three ditto, slightly damaged. We are, Sir, your obedient servants, OWEN, HAZELL, AND CO. (uLlitRUMpW(sr, .etv. v. "Copy of R eport of Survey on the Cargo landed from the screw steamship Bclgique, in the Southampton Docks. "At the request of the agents of the company to which the screw steamship Belgique belongs, we whose names ara hereto subsenbed have, in the -warehouse sheds of thesa docks, on the 6th and 7th inst., inspected a large quantity of car-o which we were informed had been recently disembarKed from the said ship, anid which appeared to b3 generally in e.xcellent condition. IJpon closer and more careful examination, however, we found as follows:-That the bales and packages herein speciied had been more or less wretted with salt water, and, when opened oat at our desire, manested the appearances noted against themviz:- " And we do hereby certify that, to the best of our judgment and belief, the above specification comprises all the injury the cargo of tbe said screw-steamship, Belgique. has received, and that, besides these partic31ars, the said eargo is in exelen1et condition. Given nnder our hands at Sonthampton this 8th day of February, 1856 "I NRY STRUiT, Master MIariner, Examiner R.M. S.-P. Co., late Master, R.N. " P. KURTON, Master Mariner, late Master of the Ballasara."
Quicx PASsAGE FROnt AxmICA.-LVEI?OOL, Feb. 9.-Theship Dreadnought, Captain Samnel, arrived to-day after a remarkably qiuick passage of little more than 14 days, with advices from New York to the 23d ult. THn RoYAL CHAsur.-PraouizH, Feb. 9.- The repairs of this steamship are nearly completed, and thepassengersareordered to embark to-morrow. She will probably sail for Porb Phillip on Wednesday. FAIn OF K.Sas.-A public meeting of the citizens of Worcester, corvened by the mayor, at the instance of the Administrative Reformn Association, has been held, the mayor, M1r. Goodwin, in the chair. Messrs. Bennoch and Moore, from the London society, having addressed the meeting at considerable length, resolutions were unanimouslyearried,pledging the meetingto support the Administrative Reform Association, and a petition to the House of Commons was adopted, pMayg For the aboUtion of the system of promotion to puble offices, and of purchasing eommissionsin the army, andforthe establishment of public competitive examinations as the test of fitness. A memorial to the Queen was also carried, praying Her Majesty to issne a commission to make full mquiries into the Kars affair, which wras signed by the mayor on behalf of the meeting. The proceedings were conducted with great order and unanimity, althongh an opposition had been anticipated. A vote of thanks wras passed to the mayor, and the proceedings were wound up w;ith three cheers for administrathve reform and the brave defenders of Ears. L APrGE PunCnASE Or SmPs FOB FRAIwE.-O1n Saturday the purchase was made, of the General Screw Steam Shipping Company, of the Jason, Indiana, Golden leece, Calcutta, Argo, Queen of the South, Hydaspes, and Lady Jocelyn,-amounting, we hear, to nearly o00,0000. We believe this to be the largest purchaso of shipping ever mnade in one line, and it has been effected by Xr. Graham (of the firm of Maitland, Cnthbert, and Co., of Paris), Mr. Brett (of the firm of Cumard, Brett, and Austen, of London), and ML Beraud Vilars (manager of the Freneh Clipper Company. TIIE iBAsN OF ENGLAND.-From a retumm issued on Saturday it appears that the amount of Exchequer cr Treasury bills purchased by the Bank of England, or n which Any sums were lent for the publie service during tle past year 1855, was 12,883,950b, all of which was paid off er disdcarged, with the exception of 997,448. The balance, of stms rermaining in the bank as unclaimed dividends amounted, on the 5th of January, 1856, to 136,3801. , on the 9th of October, 1855, to 96,5041.; on the 5th of July, 1o 96,2861.; and on the 5th of April, 1855, to 162,3WIl. The remainder of the sum was advanced to Government. The sum total of unclaimed dividends amounted, on the 5th of January, to 991,5821.; and on the 5th of July last, to 1,008,571Z. During the year it appears that the Chancellor of the Exchequer made several applications to the bank for advances on Exchequer-bills, viz. :-On the 9th of Mlarch, I for one of 1,000,0l01. * on the 26th of Mfaich, for one of 1,500,0001.; on the 7th of April, for one of 1,000,000>. on° the 12th of July, for one of 1,0,0- , n nth 1ho Odtober, for one oflOO00.01 000,01an nte ltho
THE ARMY IN THEB CRIMBA. . GENNERAT tWD-R Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 26. No. 1. T'he Fieldi farshal Commandiug-in.Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of a mredical board, toy:eatenant-Colonel Montgomery,lstBat- talion, It Regimnent, to th6 29th of February. On medi- ! cal certificates, to ColonelParlby,lOthRussars, to the 29th of Febrnary;Major Donovan,33dRegiment,to thel2thofJuly* ancdfortherecoveryof their health to LieuitenantColonei Yorke, 1st Dragoons, to the 9th of March; Cornet W. HallU Cth Dragoons, to the 28th of February ; Sugeon Stewart, tU2d Regunent, and Assistant-Surgeon Bradshaw, 50th Regiment, to the 29th of February- and on private affairs to Lientenant-Colonel lon. F. 'Colborne, C.B., Assistant Quartermaster-General, to the 20th of February; and Lieutenant Armstrong, 77th Regiment, to the 2d of February. No. 2. The following officer has joined the Staff of this army at Scutari:-Medical Staff-Dispenser of Medicines MTorris, January 15. No. 3. General Officers commanding divisions in the Crimna 'will be pIeased to inspect the several regiments under their command. Porms of inspection reportswill be furnished to themn, 'which are to be filled up and returned to the Chief of the Staff on or before the 15tll of Febrnary. No. 4. Staffofficers at Balaklava, at Scutari, and other stations on the Bosphorus, superintending the embarcation or diseinbarcation of troops, 'wil invariably obtain from the commandilg officer on board the usual embarcation or disembarcation returns in triplicate, one copy of -which is to be forwarded to the Adjutant-General for insertion in the general monthly return. No. 5. Brevet-Major Do Moleyns, Royal Engineers, has been appointed to act as a Field Officer, and may draw field allowance and forage accordingly from the 24th of January. No. 6. Captain F. D. Gray, 63d Regiment, wiU act as a field officer, and may draw fiela aFlowance andforage accordinly, while second in command of his regiment, No. 7. Captain Buchanan, 47th Regiment, wiU do duty 'with the Land Transport Corps until further orders No. 8. The following appointments to the Land Transport are made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known :-To be Cornets-Sergeant Robert Stewart, 1st Battalion, 1st Regiment; Joseph Palmer, late 70th Regiment. No. 9. The fo owing regiuent has been taken on the strength of this army from the date of disemibarcation - British German Legion, 3d Light Infantry, at Kululee, on the 16th of January. NTo. 10. The undermentioned men are struck off the list of interpreters attached to this army .-Second class Interpreter, Abdullah Seyeed; Third-class Interpreter, Antonio No. 11. Leave of absence is granted, at the recomnendation of medical boards, held at lScutari, to Lieutenant Haydock, 90th Reg7iment, to the 29th of February, to remain at Scutari; Lientenant Griffiths, 23d Regiment; Second-class Staff-Surgeon Bain; and, at the -ecommendation of niedical boards, to Quartermaster of Brigade Addy, Land Transport Corps, to proceed to Eniaind. On arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-GeneraL To Deputy-Assistant Commissary-General Hedley, to proceed to Ialta, on private affairs. To Brigadier-General Shirley. C.B., to the 29th of Febrnary; Captain Durant, 12th Lancers, to the 29th of February; Veterinary-Snrgeon Byrne, 4th Light DVragoons, to the 31st of March. No. 12. A medical. board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Pulrveyor's Clerk- William Reed. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. No. 13. The following officers, being in command of companies, may draw field allowvance and forage as captains.- Lieutenant J. D. Johnstone, 33d Regiment, from the 14th of January; Lieutenant H. Pashe, 95th Regiment, from the 9th of Jannuary. Erratum.-In No. 5 of General Orders, of the 24th inst., for "To be Cornets :-Colour-Sergeant Thomnas Smith, 1st battalion, 1st Regiment," read-To be Quartermaster, Colour-Sergeant Thomas Smith, 1st battalion, 1st Regiment. By order, C. A. WINDHAI, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol. Jan. 27. No. 1. Assistant-Scrgeon B owen, RA., will relieve secondclass Staff S ieon ark in charge of C troop, Royal Horse Atillery, at Sciutri No. 2. Second-class Staff Snrgeon Park will do duty 'with the sick of the Royal Artillery in General Hospital at Scutari. No. 3. Surgeon Protheroe, and Assistant-Surgeon 3VINfunn, RMA., will proceed from Scutari to Balaklava by the first opportunity. No. 4. Staff Assistant-Surgeon Tippetts will join and take medical charge of E battery until further orders. No. . Captain E. Hannay, Antrim Militia Artillery, 'Will eattached toXbattery, Royal Artillery, until further orders. No. 6. Money orders for sums not exceeding 5Z., payable at tlhe post-office of all post towns in the united kingdom, 'will be issued at the post-office, head-quarters, on Mondays and Fridays, and at Balaklava on Wednesdays and Saturdays, between 10 a.m. and 3p.m. Printed notices will be distributed to regiments. No. 7. When oil-cake is issued to such sick horses or mnules as require it, the proportion wvill be 21b. of oil-cake in lieu of 31b. of barley. By order, C. A. WLNTDILU, Chief of the Staff. Hlead-quarters, Sebastopol, .Tan. 28. lNo. L The following appointments have been made in the medical department:- Surgeon J. Davies, 49th Regiment, to be Staff-Surgeon, first-class, January 8th; second class, Staff-Snrgeon 'I Dews to be Surgeon, 49th Regiment, January 8th. Mr. Bews 'vill join his regiment. No. 2. The following officers 'will do duty with the Land Transport Corps until further orders:- Captain H. Galy, 21st Regiment; Captain R. Daunt, 9thI Regiment; Lieutenant and Adjutant Gordon, 14th Ilegiment; Lieutenant H. IKippen, 48th Regiment; Lieutenant H. Fitzgerald, 13th Regiment; Lieutenant r. Breedon, 3d Reginient; Iaeutenant G. Gooch, 93d Regiment; Lieutenant C. Durant, 79th Regiment; Lieutenant E. Bedford, 79th Regiment; Lieutenant J. 31'Leod, 42d Regiment; Lieutenant J. Kennedy, 41st Regiment; Lieutenant C. Roberts, 49th Regiment; Lieutenant H. Savary, 49th RegimentLieutenant G. lacy, 63d Regiment; I-ieutenant G.Iepper 31st Reginient; Ensign T. Metcalf, 49th Regiment; Ensign R. Campbell, 92d Regiment; Ensign P. Delemaro, 21st Regiment - Ensign Patrickson, 21st Regiment ; Ensign J. Blake, 47tfi Regiment; Qunartenaster J. Ilabcombe, 57th Regiment; Quartermaster A'Intosh, 47th RIegiment; Assistant-Surgeon J. Smith, 21st Regiment. lNo. 3. From the 1st of February fresh meat and bread willbe issued to the troops on four days in each weelk. Te Commissary-General will issue to the-troops extra supplies of coffee, sugar, rice, or flour on payment at the contract prices. Commissariat officers in chargo of divisions will make the necessary arrangements, and Quartermasters of regiments wllw see that these articles are bond.tdle for thc are of the troops. No. 4. On and after the 1st of February proximo the folloin6g will be the daily ration of the cavalry horse 121b. barley, lOlb. hay, and 21b. bran. No. 5. Assistant-Surgeon J. H. West, 21st Regiment. being in medical charge of his regiinent, may draw field allowance and forage as surgeon from the 16th of January. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant Heywood, 2d Batfalion Royal Brigade, to the 29th of February; Lieutenant Inglefield, 14th Regiment, to the 29th of February. To xemain at Malta, leave of absence is granted to LieutenantColonel Peel, 11th Hussars, to the 10th of Febrnary; CaptainInglis, 11th Hussars, to tie 10th February. No. 7. The folloving offieers being in command of companics may draw field allowance and fora"e as Captains, Lientenant Beresford, 9th Regiment, from tile 4th of January; Lieutenant lVhite, 82d Regiment, from the 23d of January; Lord Edwvard Clinton, 1st Battalion Rifle Brigade, from the 23d of January. No. S. 1st Staff-A%ssistant-Surgeon Sall, having left two chargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chlief of the Staff:
TI u;mT CHimm, TuiSE-HrTL.-On Tuesday last the beautiful church recently erected on Tulse-hill was consecrated by the Lord Bishop of Winchester. The exceedingly favourable condhtion of the weather anabled large numbers of the inhabitants of the surrounding neighbounhood to be present at the interesting ceremony, and the church was filled with a highly respectable congregation. The prayers wcre read by the incumnbent, the Rev. J. W. Watson, 3LA.; the Rev. J. P. Llnhgam, ALA., Rector of Lambeth, officiated at the communion table; and the Bishop preached the sermon, an able and animated discourse on part of the first verse of the 13th chapter of the book of Joshua,-" And there remaineth yet very much land to be possessed." After the service the bisli6p and the attendant clergy, to the number of 40, partook of an excellent collation, provided by the building coinmmittee. The church is in the geometrical decorated style, after a design by Ir. Barry, of LiverpooL The windows are especilly distinguished by thebr light and elegant tracery, and the tower and spire, 170 feet high, possess greet beauty. But the chief peculiarity of this church is that it has no internal supports; and its vast roof, 105 feet long, with a span of on feet 6 Inches, rests entirely upon the outer walls. The church is dedicated to the Holy Trinity. It has north and south transepts with galleries above them, and is capable of seating 1,000 persons. The church, with the adjoining pasonage, has been built at a cost of rather less than 8,0001., throuLh the combined liberality of MIr. Jonah Cressingham, th Eatrn of the incumbency, and the inhabitants of Tulse- h who had long felt the wavnts of additional church accommodatiou. ThrE ELEJIC TELEcatAPH.-The CEenoa V'rliere 11M6rcantite of the 5th inst. has the following:-" The Mediterranean Electric Telegraph Company, which is at this moment occupied in laying down the necessary wires to unite the island of Sardinia with La Cale, on the coast of Africa, intends to establish a complete telegraphi communication between Europe and Melbourne, in Sonthern Australia. After opening secondary lines between La Calle, Bons, Bougein, Algiers, and Osn, the company proposes to rtum the principal line by Tunis, Tripo, Alexandria C^airo, Suer, Jerusalem, D)amasers, Bagdad, Bussorah, along the northern coast of the Sea of Oman, Ryderabad, and Bombay, vwhcro the line is to separate into two branches. The northern branch will p)roreed di- ectly to Agra, - whence a wire will bo directed towards lahore and Peshawur, and thus reach within a short dis tance of Cabul and Cashmere. From Agra the telegraphic line will pass through Benares and unite at Calcutta with the southern branch, which, startingfromn Bombay, will pass through Bangalore and Madras. From Calcutta the line * will follow the north-cast coast of the Gulf of Bengal, the Ieninsula of Malacca, the Sunda Isands, and thence cro over to the north of Australi-, and, extending along tho eastern coast of that continent, communicate with its numerous settlements, until it ultimately reaches Port Adelaide. The entire length of the line is estimated at 20,000 kilo. niamtres. THE Afims.-LTvmIWoOL, Feb. 9.-ne British andWorthlAnerican Mail steamshipAsia, I tt,eouunander took her departure hence to-day for New York, with a fair eargo and 47 passengers, among whom was. Sir W. Lsogan, Governjieln snxveyor in the Canada provinces.
BRITISH INSTITUTION. Years ago the exhibition of the Bkrtish Institution was in some measure a foreshadowing of the great pictorial showof the RoyalAcademy, which, in the natural order of things, takes place about three months later in the season. The leading artists of the day, while they reserved their great works for t,he more august coRlection, generaly gave signs of their continued existence by hanging up in the Pallmall gallery some production on a smaler scale, and thus the great names of the Royal academy and | The British Institution were pretty nearly identical.I This state of things has entirely passed away, and the exhibition of the British Institution has now scarcely more in common with the Royal Academy than those of any other society of artists. Indeed, were itnot for two very quiet female headsbyYMr. F. Stone (" A la Ducasse"), a few waterside pieces by Mr. Cooke, in his usual hard, clean style; a pittance from Mr. Frost; those cattle of Mr. T. S. Cooper, which appear season after season, perpetually renewed, like the Egyptian Apis, and the landscapes of those artists who, without takdng the fir6t rank, manifest their industrywherever amultitude of new pictures is to be gathered together, there would be scarcely any points of contrast between the twro bodies. iNot in the least do we regret that the display of February can no longer be regarded as a prognostic of the artistical aspect of May. Indeed, if the old sympathy still lasted, we should be incined to say, in the words of the vulgar, that there was a " bad look out." We do not know when we have seen an exhibition more scantily sprinlded with distinctive features. There is, of course, an ample supply of good average landscapes. There are the misty dreams of the younger Messrs. Danby; there are the rolling waves of Mr. J. J. Wilson; there are the sunny remniniscences of Mr. Boddington; there are the verdant creations of lIr. Jutsum-all pleasant enough to thosewho would wile away an hour, but terribly embarrassing to those who would pick out a type that should be more applicable to the present daythan to any given season within the lastl5 or 20 years. There are conspicuous sheep studies by Mr. Ansdell; and Mr. MIorris, a painter similar in subject and in school, has, inl a picture caled the " Drive," successfully solved the problem of representing a whole flock in rapid motion. The fruit of Messrs. Lanlce and Duiffleld still glow upon the vision with all their concentration of bright colours. But things of this sort, meritorious asthey are, we at last take as matters of course, calling forth no fresh exercise of the reflective faculty. It is with pleasure therefore that we pause at an. odd picture by lWr. Wolfe, entitled the " Ptarmigan's Haunt." Here, at anyrate, is something new. Those quaint birds of almost no colour, and the blocks of granite rock that are of the same negative hue, combine together into a cold sort of entirety that is not often presented. Welcome likewise is the "Alhambra" of Mr. Telbin, who, though known long enough as an artist of large " moving pictures," has never before been so prominent within the compass of a gilt frame. The power of taking in a broad, comprehensive view, and the feeling for distance, which belong to his ordinary vocation, are here combined with delicacy of execution, and a beautifiil landscape is the result. The view "N Near Buccione, on the Lago d'Osta," by MIr. Harry Johnson, with its scorching sun and its weight of bright colorur, has a vigour about it which it is pleasant to recognize; and there is a painting by M1r. E. J. NiemanT, of " Guy's Cliff, Warwick," which, with its sombre, subduedtone, andthepoeticad sentiment which seems to pervade castellated wall and still water, rises above the ordinary landscape leveL In the way of historical and epic art but little is accomplished. We do not mean that nothing is attempted; on the contrary, excessively feeble efforts to illustrate Scripture may be found in more than desirable abundance; but we mean that scarcely an attempt has been made that has resulted in a work of the most ordinary interest. The single exception is Sir G. Hayter's "MlLartyrdom of Ridley and Latinier," already known from the exhibition of it which took place in the studio of the artist. Of those delineations of the h-uman figure which hold a middle place between portrait-painting and the product of the free imagination there are some very fair specimens. Mr. Lucas, who used to indulge in somewhat sad reminiscences of ancient Puritanism, has produced several studies of female life, which, without historical association, seem al, more or less, to express a tale of secret sorrow. Mr. P. Levin, on the other hand, taleng the briliant ~ rather than the sad aspect of life, has much distinguished himself by a statelylady of the time of Louis ZXV.,working out the delicate material of her masquerade dress, rich ipoint lace, as -if he luxuriated in its costliness. Mr. Buckner, who, it seems, would place himself in the same relation to Italy as Mr. Hnrlstone, of Suiffolk-street, to Spain and Morocco, is liberal wvith his peasant boys, marked by that expression and peculiarity of coloqur with wshich all must be familiar. Nor should we pass over Mr. George Cruikshank, whose oil paintings generally stand so far behind his inimitable etchings. His " Fairy Ring"-that is to say, a mob of fays dancin round a huge mushroom, on which Oberon and Titania are elevated in regal state, is not novel in idea, but ample fancy is displayed in the invention of the almost innumerable figures, and the labour of executioni must have been immense. In those small cabinet pictures that usually adorn the screen, or, at any rate, are by their size qualified so to do, the present collection is unusually rich; and it would seem that, although aspiring genius is rare among us, there is no want of a talent to give felicitous utterance to a transient thought. The small head of a Dutch girl, called "Little Greichen," with itshappy, composed, plump expression, and its power of chiaro-oscuro, is completely a sou renir of Geiard Dow in the mind of the artist, Mr. H. Lejeune. An aristocratic-looking lady, decked out in abundant lace, and with a pensive look that entitles the picture to the name of "MIusing," shows a talent in Mr. Hughes to emulate those dainty recollections of the 18th century in which French artists are wont to indulge. Near this delicate dame, andas if by-wayof contrast, hangs a head of " RedRidinghood'-not an ideal of the timid being who was swallowed by the wolf, but a remarkably roguish-looking child with a cheek of the most positive briliancy, the whole testifying satisfactorily to the colouring powers of MIr. 'T. P. Hall. The newsboy knocking at the door, with the titUe" Paper," by MIr. H. S. MIarks, is an unexaggerated sketch from London life; and we have two pretty quiet interiors, by Messrs. Hardy and Cockbum.l. WhlIere a taste for the realities of life has attempted to express itself in more conspicuous form it has rarely succeeded, and we do not know when we have seen a greater amount of what may be called pictorial twaddle than at this exhibition. However, the prime work of the collection we have not yet mentioned. This is the " Choir of the Church of Santa 3Maria Novella, Florence," by Mr. Louis Haghe. The rich ecclesiastical interiors, peopledwitlmassively-draped monks, are perfectly familiar to all the patrons of the New Watercolour Society, where the ability of Mr. Eaghe to produce theeffectsusually lmitedto oil has been the theme of constant admiration. NSow, for the first time, he works in oil itself, and the "Choir" is one of the most powerfu1l of his productions.
Tim MSIAus.-SourmrpToN, Feb. 9.-The Royal gail Company's steamship Tay, Captain Brydges, sailedthis mafteroon with the Braziian and River Plate mails, 80 passengers, 72,0007 in speeie; 23,S00 value in jewelry, and a full generalcargo. The Avon, Captain yevett, with the homeward portion of the Brazilian malls, is expected about the 12th inst- Th covedalvnah Captain Abbott, with the West India and Pncificmnails, is due at Southampton en the l6thinst. Tho Plata, Captain Ma. Wells, is prenaring to conrey the outwoard aest India andPscificma ou the 17ta mat. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamship Pra, Captain Soy, vith the heavy portion of the ssdia, ChYa, and Mediterranean mails, is expected to-morrov. The Sultan will convev the next outwrd mails to the Pen in.sular ports on the 1th inst. The badndc Captain Coot, with the next homewsrd malls front these POrts, is expected about the 14th inst. tohe nithe States' mail steamshipr Martoh, Captain Loneso sails on -Wednesday next for n ew Yort, and callsfoff Coees, ep asothafrom Hare, forthe En r- blsi passengers and malls. ' a" g SWbers§.-!Iuch reoret has been created in the commercial circles of ~Liver'poo1 by the melancholy suicide of a gentleman whose family is regarded with unsual respect in the town. The'deceased , alaer. Jobert Mather, formerly one of the mostiopnlent merchants of the port, who forsome years past lia. lived in retirement from business'with lilabrother, MEr. Johli3lather, a magistrate4of the borough, at the fanillyhouse'limBounntPleasant. R1e. cetly Mr. Eoberb Mather baa been confined to his honse from severe indisp,ositlnn,whicbniaiiifested itaslfin stubborn attacks of epilepthc its. On Friday night he locked hisef in his chamber and committed suicide.: The jumy, at the inqncst held on FPriday at the house'of 'tbe-deceased, before Mlr. Curry, coroner, returned a verdict to the eEfect that the decesed cult his own throat wbile labouring vnnder temporary insaniity. The deceased, as ve31 as his brother, Mr. John Mather, vas abachelor. -
THE COLLISIONO0T OFFOXSTOYE. DEAL, FEsl, 9. Another and more searching investigation into the Iles o! the New Zealand eraigrant ship Josephine Willis w& instituted by Mr. R. J. Emmerson, the coronerforthe - Cinque Ports, assisted by Captain Cannon, RlN. (late of HerMajestys ship Centaur), at the Quees Head lnn, WalI mer Strand, on view of the bodies of Mrss Harriett Satton,; RachaelDavis, andtwootherwomen(names unknown),vho were yassengers on board the vesseL The proceedings occapied the whole of yesterday and to-day. Mr. Winworth, with Captain Neagles and Mr. Wet*, atteaded to watch the evidence on behalf of the owners and underwriters ; and Mr. Towne, for Captain Bourchier, the master of the bMngerton steamer. George Sutton, boy, aged 14, who lost his paTents,' two sisters, and brother in the vreck, and was savedbp clinging to the mizenmasthead after theship hsdfonnderedj idertified one ofthe bodies as that of his mother. He was in his berth on Sunday evening about S o'clock, when ho was disturbedby water condng in on his head,l He ran upon the poop and went up the rigging. Saw a steamer haa come across the ship, her bows being over the hat hway. She got off very soon andproceededon her way. Whie the steamer was within hearnmg there were loud cries for assistance from persons on board the Josephine WliEs. Frank Needs, steward of the Josephine Willis, who vaS also rescuedfromthemizenmast, said-Abouta quarter after 8 o'clock I was standing by the ceddy door tunder the poop awning. I heard a shout on decl, and immediately went up, followed by Captain Canney. Saw a lage steamer approach. ing on the starboard side. In about two minutes or less she came right into us between the mainmast and the foremrast The steamier backed out almost immnediately, and continued by s a very short time-five or 10 minutes at the outside. Ste was at a considerable distance fromn us for an hour after' wards. The ship heeled over immediately the steamer backed. When Iran on deck I could distingunih a red and white light on the steamer. Heard Captain Canney order the hencoops and everything on deck to be thrown everboard. Mr. lenry Gray Ray, one of the passengers on board the Josephine Willis, repeated the evidence he gave before the Folkestone jury. fe added-i saw a white light approaching; about two minutes afterwards I saw a redlight and in another two miinutes I saw a green light. Observed these lights about a point on the starboard bow. Hleard an order given by the chief officer, 31r. Clayton, to luffe Keew by the lights that it was a steamer approcching. She came on very rapidly; wind south-south-east. Don't think the ship altered her coase much after the order to luff. Could see the reflection of the Josephine Willis light on the bowv lit. In about a minute and a-half after I had seen all tie lights the steamer ran into the ship. The quarter-boat was lowered, and mnysef and others went in her to the steamer. She appeared to be in a sinking state. She bad a, hole in her port eCa tain Bourchier said he could not; tell her condition wntil he had removed th2 cargo ouat of thc fore compartment. While it was being removed the steamer drifted. I have been in the inerehant service eight year;. Was chief mate of the Josephine Willis on her last voyage with Captain Canney. It is my opinion that when the three re lights were seen from on board the Josephine Willis she ought to have luffed. She did so. Heard the order to luffafter I had seen the three lights. 3fr. Rester Clayton, the chief officer ef the Josephine Willis, was next examined, and, having deposed to the same facts which he gave at the previous inquiry, detailed more minutelythe course of the vessels at the moment of col lision. By the Coroner.-I think 3A minutes muast have elapsed from the time I saw the three lights till the collision took place. I believe it was the dutyof the stenier to have kept a straight course; had she done so she -oauld not have touched Us. I saw the Josephine Wills ight bning brightly just before the collision. The Coroner-Are you aware that there is a regulation laid down for vessels when approaching each other, and likely to pass so near as to involve a risk of collision, to port t-he helm., Witness-I am aware of the rule for both helms to bo put aport. Coroner.-Then, vhy did you not do so ? Witness.-Becnuse when I first saw tbe light I thought it was Dengeness Light, and I thon_ht I was doing right in putting the helm a-starboard, to bua her off the land. Coroner.-In fact, you did so to clear Dngeness Point? Witness.-Yes. Mr. Winkworth read the clause, 17th and 15th of Vic. toria, c. IO4 see. 296. By Mr. Towne.-Jst as the steamer strack us I ordered our helm hard a-starboard. We had a leading wind, going at the rate of 7 knots an hour. The steamer was perhaps 1' or l1, mile offwhen I first saw the light. About a minute alt&r seeing the white light I saw the red light, and imme. diately afterwards I observed the -green light. I did not port my hehm, because if the steamer had not seen me we should have gone stem into each other, and I knew if he had seen me he must have seenmy green light, and known how I was standing. If the steamer had not moved out of her course she would have cleared us. The steamer is not re nired to port unless there is any danger of coUlision. By tTe Jury.-When I got on board the steamer I asked Captain Bourchier if his vessel was in any danger. He said it was not, as the pumps sucked. It was while the cargo was being removed. Coroner.-When you saw the steamer had ported her helm, could you have done anything else than starboard your helm ? Witness.-I could not when I saw she had ported. (This aitness had a narrow escape from perishing in the wreck.) Two seamen on board the Josephine Wills and two pas sengers having been examined, Captain Richard Bourchier, of the Mangerton steamer, was called. He said,-About 7.45 on Sunday evening I was Proceeding up Channel, about six miles off Folkestone. From the time of passing DunenessPoint I had been with the chief and second mate on the bridge until three or four minutes before the collision took place.- I went down in the cabin to look at the charts, and I heard the second mate say, " Port the helm," and "H Hard a-port." I immediately ran on deck, and saw a vessel close on our port bowv. I sung out, " Hard a-port, for God's sake, stop her," seeing a corn. sion was inevitable. The engines were immediately stopped, and before they could be reversed the steamer had struck the vesseL I then ran forward on the forecastle to see what damage she had sustained, and gave orders to get the boats ready andlowered. Theywere got ready, and one of them was sent to the assistance of the ship. In the meantime I went down forvard into the fore compartment and found the whole of the port bowstove in to the water's edge. I got the bedding of the crewv and the sails, and had them shoved into the holes, and came upon deck an,d got tha cargo out frorn the fore compartment and rolled aft. I gave orders to have the pumaps attended to to keep the ship free of 'water, and blue lights to heburnt and signails made by rockets. It wvas 10 minute?s before I hacked out of the ship. We then turned ahead under the sternof thevessel,and remained there, and we could not stir the enginesfor two or three hounrs, as the water was rushing into the ship. We then found that we had 23 of the crew of the Josephine Wilis on board, and 9of the passengers, 40 of my own pas sengers, and 25 crew. I found the steamer settling down by the head, but did not know whether the fore bulkhead had been started or not by the shock. I got the engineer to put on the donkey piunp, but it did not keep the ship free. On coming out of the engine-room the D lugger was reported alongside. I sent her off at once to the mreck in the direction I thought her to be. I took one hand out of her to run our ship on shore, as I supposed she was in a siking state. I gave the steimer in charge of the 'ooatman George Pearson. Ilhad reason to suspect that the bulk. head of the fore compartment was damaged, as the pumps would not keep her free until the engine pumps were set to work. We coudd not use the engines and go ahead, because of her bow being store in. Afer -we had' got the cargo out of the fore compartment we were enabled to move the engines and go dead slow ahead. Then we began to use the engine pumps. It was three hours before weworkedthe engines. Ihad then no commnd of the ship; she driftd all the while from the wreck, I was apprchensive of my vessel sirking every moment. It is mv certain opinion that had -we used the engines sooner with any force we should have forced the compartment in. We had three boats in the water-two quarter-boats and a lifeboat. I know one went, but I can't say as to the others. Coroner.-Did you see any light previously to going below? Witness.-I saw the South Foreland Light-no other. Coroner.-But it wns only three or four minutes after you went below that the coDisiontook place. Whom didyou leave in charge of the ship when yon went below? Witness.-The second mate. ll'Naughten was on ths look-out on the forecastle, and two hands wereat the whel Coroner.-Did any of these men report the light ahead to you while you were in the cabin? Witness.-They did not. Coroner.-Did you notice the light on the Josephine Willis's bowsprit when you struck? Witness.-I did not notice it. By .Mr. Towne.-It is a general role by act of P-riamnent that when vessels are approaching each other they should port the helm. By Mr. Winkworth.-IReversing the engines vwould work the pumps, but I don't think I could have gone astem with safety. I could not let go my anchor. I have been six months in the service of this company. I have been acting master of sailing vessels. I have not a copy of the Admi ralty regulation or the act of Parliament on board. I hold a Board of Trade certificate. By the Coroner.-Onr ship had been steering east and by north half-north. The Josephine Willis was on our port bow when I frint saw her, and, seeing her comuse, I directed the helm to be put hard a-port as I saw a collision was in. evitable. Scarcely 30 seconds elapsed from the time of my first seeing the Josephime Willis to thle collision occoming. I beheve there is a law, when vessels meet at sea -approaching cc te n nto*ae st a e helm hard aport, and show a distingeishing light, which is a red light, on the port side, but -we must be governed by circumstances. The evidence of Francis Harber, ehief officerof the Mas gerton; PeterPatterson, theboatswain, andotherwitoeses was then taken, after which the Coroner summed up, slu left i to tho jury to say whether or not the unfortunate occurrence resultec from any culpable negleet on the pa-t of those who had charge of either of the shlps. The juwy deliberated for more than an hour, an8'then returned a-verdict of "Manslaughter" againstb PBhard Bourchier, the captain of the Mangerton steamer. The Coroner issuedhis warrmat for the committv of the accused for trial at the ensuing Kent Assizes, bv he hai previously left the town. AcTs or PA2niapm-A return, nedtl for by Mr. Brotherton, LEP., shows that the total n'uber of acts passed last session amounted to 355, of wch 134 were public, 198 local and personal ads, and 23 ate aRts. Tho number in l854 wa38S ;in ISM, 39 - 1l5 278- in lS51, 27S:and inlS9,253{. IniSiS5it le-an 3in 1§0 297-in 1830-31, 107 'i 1825, 416; fr1814-S, 498-an Sl-14, 48S; im S12, 454; and inw ' 1 386. In-84t 450 acts were passed; and inl 1D^46 V These fgure will give some idea of the average res' of Parliai.ta tesslens as far as the fruits ef legiab$.t aeConcerned.
DIOARD and RESIDENCE, Harley-street Mansion, .3.3W. EHarley-tet. C yedish-squsare Referencee required. B OARD &c.,14, edfor-pla e, ussell.square.- zaodationo odrt trs mee~wit superir aooom on, a s lades 12. lone-tret,Dine hor o'lok,Terms moderae. ]3OAD ad RSIDNCEareOFFERED, in a !amly witoutchidre), ithevey dmesiccomfort. Addes A Z 3 Rleterac, Ien'-rad Bysa term,siuto 8.toRo.nea s Ithoom,Cepi B A D in a. he-althy pleasant situation, near Ken- B aingto-garden, 3uitale for ln quest [of a genteI consfortable abodein a small family. A farbo bd room,conrvienict"orto latd one smaller. Addres Greenwood, Smnith's, chymaist, R, APasonter-ace. Kensington. BPOARD aud RESIDENCE, 8, Grcrnaile-street, Jcrtlemau, and is replete with every comifort. Address Wlr B. Reternces exehaisgeeL. B OARD and RESIDENCE, at Peckhfarn, 12s. per _"week.-A ladly or friendis can meet with a comfortable and al'T b,ed room. p lain table of the best quaitity sand use of drawing room ; a large double-bedded room if requiured : at a schooL Address A. Z., Daviss library. 21. lflgh-street. Peckham. . B OARD for 12!s. per week, in Canonbury.-A comn"forrable HtOMEis offeredtoa LADY of cheerful disposition, who scOUk assistZ the advertiser in the domestic duties.' There are no chidren. References exchanged. For address apply to Mdr. Turner, 219. Caoonbury-plaee., Islington. -"OARD and RESIDENCE.-A comfortable _"HOME is OFFERED) to a gentleman or married couple, in the 1~smiyo,f a medical mian. ressiniog in a healtby square. conven ienl iuaefrthe city or west end. Address S., care of Mr. Mould, 5 Store-street. Bedford-square. B OR])andRESDENE RQUIRED, b genlemn nd iswif, fr peesneay.within four mile of theci~- ina riatefail o repetailiy,whrecheerful andusustcal o,nty oul be ecued.Thehod oommus belarge, and unfur. arised. ermsfor he to £8 perannu. Adres .Y., post-office, BOARD or APARTMLENTS 'WANTED.-Persons Bhaving- the above to let may very speedily effeet their object by exhbitinfpriculars in the windows and on the public LISTS of the ADEfIIG HALL, S. Fore-street. city: established 1IM,;where -entlemenand families req~uiring suchaccommodation aresuppliedwithL mudtable lists free. Subscription To.per month, or 5s.per quarter. !ZOARD and LfJDGING-In a select ladies' school, UB in a large hous delightfully situate within its own grounds and = %=xes, bot 20miles fin on. near asttin,to ortisree ladies canboaeoimoate. hiera tbleandcherfl ociety. Terms £10 tZreeannu,m;or twoIladies occup.ying one bed room. £10. Apply for ad. drmby letter to A. B.. Ill. Duncan-terrace. Islington. BOARD (PARTIAL) and RESIDENCE.-In the B houme of a highly respectable lady, near Canonbur- ae, recevig nly two imnmates, an elderlyladyor gentleman,ofreguarhbitz land religious priniciples, may tind amost comfortable HOME. Terms muoderate. Omnibuses at hand. Address Mlario, 3_ rortland-place Canonbury-square. Islington. vitl every comfort, suitable for awinter residence, and within two mninutes' walk of the sea, and Chain-pier. Address Alrs;Metcalfe, 7, Mower Rtock-gardens, Brighton. BVOARD andI RESIDENCE.-A VACANCY pro- J"sents itself, for a married couple or single gentleman, in a wellregulated establishment. The house is repletevwith comfort, offeringa cheerful circle, with redined society. The domestic arrangements ar conducted on a liberal scale, ensuring personal comfort.-Q. Q., Mxr. blorson's, chymist. Southamipton-row. Russell-square. B O R ,&c.-A young moarried lady, mo-ving in a cicl, whose husband in absent desires to receive as 2'ceulated and liberall conducted home. The homse in large and close to, Kensington Gardens. Three servants. Mlusical society. Hig h rezferenea given and expected. Address Iota, Brassingtori's iihrary, feseeabilty,rsdi n th vicnityof to Reent'sraefe teireOGeiveas anVE Eng]ATh Termstau.rpeurwek occupyi 3 ng03 sramde buedro, which inlrgAe AndAiry Bl s. th, esre a no rchiden and cmor tw aNdTATtention mairy beremuied zaspvenAdress Theyofferposfot-oicle,Candonen-stentystu atehosqar. CamdwU en-town.t it i. dreaR . 1ml'tBOARD and RZESIDENC WANTED,hfrmawlady a tfrdi theiensuing quartler, attpewet end, iaprvte fmiy r nmay seitonb tting roo efralgrand pano. Tem rm£0t .the tAtioStner, ys, pCambrfidg-erce, High-strteet ign.Bs L nfo,. renees given andand expected.LT rmtV_ terms ThEyCEffErD nomforesetable fandcneientlyn modtrate horme, Huigly reparecutaberfraatewhamthey reciven into wit. Address B. Ad. cares ofY. Z.urosidofEe, booknseller.raichea th. Jb od family,hoc BOARDEanR,ith wrivth thouem, f w hernnsly advanctagles creofrdi heer soiacirle,dmupon SitationniotersPart iculstart Anyb nw byslzatigeritealnmeand aoud idress ae-psi, deirectedt Itf. A3.lA.ndley's,post-lrlic. Bratonler.t Handover-squret, OLondonr". IDOermn-LAce, MoccuepyinegMr an Marg hose,HEWlea to~ mlornst.ca re aelt somoliittheattento flde and gbefu o entlddeme e,'irtI.g Brihto tofr etheaove etbolismente, whichstheyr rpoet ANduconfteurincipled reqUirEd bytEpresetDg, tabot of cmfor ombwine- wooithmde--rate, two~ Board theebd rodgin, wincludting attnserances-one. Resnt pero wek,5 lstoL or0perdaynu. 50d e, large prooms cuor, two person. Ctl3. aeo PrivSmte,apartm .1ent i No12 G ierte adoining - cn b RCEIED nt a espctblefaily n asmo-derathedtrs A SETLEMANLY caresiRECEiVEDfasioasl partia or wheLe B~nonaRdER,ingithe privatre housedof ahighl repcableg = fmly h arpe cheerul and musi ca Siutonne arn.t RSEEwtho bhestpatof wifod-ste ext.endeoeie amenltems wouldei godital mostio adesiabe somforts of, ar. eleanwehoms. sAtioner. Ala,dour-stret,hxord-street 3AsWIDOW gn-LAD ,ocuyn alre os, l anohe sa daugHterOrLSteBOrs,eteDsBADR rLDES dawitu at within lad onvenienuctedisac ftect,toti -diurawing lrooe,rdinin room, two or theo oosmihkice n Inclusve teroms. Bentpfrom£m. to tu£ti pranmAdes,w thypati culars to A. B, Ct., caeof M. Smith, Stainrp T oe-tetnrh ~ariou or Dra ingRomN a S And waerelaidnon, do fanly Reaon ticket in£the Address o.L Pa carred ofM . ear so,24Highl A Small FA ILY, residne, in a ladshionablet fartiof Lsd u adoiginthbe forsatug"oirsi deosirosteof waingoua ilady of aple mss endjoodth comfores,ta anreeIdEmo it them,nto ~vmwill e extndedthe advenitiges of thir t s Ictiai soieiyn andth ofort ofao eeannoe. Address G, .tAtlma, 12, hetnhop-trrade A any ncHmOOLS.-wloAR Wiei laantEDly stat cotag' wBnith i ayeglardyn t Bae edraded. Frencwh, musep an dorseawnd-r riaequared.eAlarg air beed roomtad LAD cOmfrtabER tabl would emobl -ncluirdoe tiecrms £5ler annum.Situationaberfmuestwe radbegivthan It isecdDirese non wil repl who harea nofth Badgenteelwsaellregulate Romepto nfen-etra.e Caeness,Baker.Spigsre,yd-a. 'Ij OUN GENT~~LIEM1ED, enaeddrigt e ofy U.. reqisringsBOAnD ae'dnd ODInG. myhealiburhofoec winae respectable ando musit famil ineo the iINity 'fKetShtw.Trs inluigine on, Sda, Springagweek,Sus. Ifnoobetin toparo teriComme. drcilpa, aetihton IGUARIDI.A meclial gentceedingl desirablfie feprivate HOre. ind doethe housert of an mriedaladylad (rthent fmly. It ffeed Hsaospenslaiarly,o enrita tytteffr ougldorrtwoysistrswithoutde arntalutes attaheywud. enjoye the cmorse candrriaeedomb ploa ed a f,roe, Addes 15 G., MLdrs..tesa sttionerY, claxekhfesth-road. 'WoA n RETIpED OFFIC7e.p'e-sret an. i IE ih IiiAnyIncuSroce who reIdHER inaleASatysituAt cotae, 'st mandinhioagaden-, aimotBadn-Bpdentoandawodkep aihorsewadar raeamdesires ousAK CHARmEe wit a LADY o BORER,Twh woul m oint -2Utheidorewto rce. ealthmalequcetonsanterefre.Nootiiegpaiventn Isxpectied. Direth hou a.A. gr.oundreauo ethnie,ande inewsaery way. zsutephiid-t0thse,eqBadenguuBaden. tsnsratg Tehl a g,eenitlemanaen age-tinthegityeduringthe dhay istersirouslo meet log Letth erldy about_Z 10 , years of trge,f cherfl andelgoutr - BEfImIndTtYB-an TLDe. elfmse bedrisr o mo VAnd -drawingYmomwerqureYU LD.YEvryGtentionpado ofmbort.lAny lwady pmssing. (the abovmroe quliie wol bee uwreivds on 1 vearyroterbte bderiing nwdcagentd,) Lbombard-sreet.cnsatcreadlndtet 1net. uO i musiAlly.- icmedicauld gaeantoportnit ofstandin ing hne pofession,rs coresiding tnahealzno nwieighbou nd,y wihest receive intonhis ho eLoe or tw INV ID reqirig speia a-d tendnce Adress111, 5 Sprng-tret. Ssse-gadens, Hyde- ark. IdnVdom given.Fortems 'to..which ar-oderate-, addreNs, pre-paid, NY. B,ps-fceEl.Cmbridgshre LI YDROPATHY.-MOOR-PARK, near Farnham, 3.L Surrey., three miles frbm the Camp at Alderrhoftt and fermerly shersdence of Sir WliM= Teesple and Dean Swit. Pisicla . 'W. LANE], AKM., M.D. BOoI. Dr. lane maybecnutdi :london, at 61. Conduit-street, Rtegent-street, every Tedy ewe lialpastUTand 2. EPILEPSY.-A remarkably successful mode of tramn,Yeil authenticated, until lately quite unknown in this .couatry.-A few PATIEN-TS so afficted, eitherladles or children from, -the upper cassesq,are RECEIVED into a private family,resdn nea london. Froarrticularsapply to Mem1rs.Hatehard, P8,liccaedilly. -LESTs WOATENTHITRaVELLING IAGS of best Crlleahr,te pnigo wEAT hichS wiissag-e asM thve bg tsl lies, iclue adin b& ethr atcleslsicatsable florttavellng orwarde wapon reiicipt o tworstme,U. lu. andrtm lent oanfacturrs ndok3 an, WestSrchwand. TB' ndWE ME M,APPIN's SHIELLING BAZOE,sl vrIee Warrated good by thie sokers, Oi EPH HAPPD and zEurOHERS, Quema's Cutlery Woelsy hemeld and 37. Ifoorgato61f91, littf.
SALES BY AUCTION. Genuine Old Foreg9n. Ciar welmtured. asidof firt-classquality. MESSRS. ROBIN9 w'ill'SELL by AUCTION, amt the Mrart. To-morrow (Tauesdniy) and Friday next, at 12, genuine OLD FOREIGN CIGARS, of very supenior quality, and favounit3 names: Iottda osuitprivate buyers On viewonmnorningsof sale, anui a sample box of each sort opened for inspection and tasting. Cati,legoes at the Mart, and at Mesrs. Rtobins' offices, Covent-garden. Drapery and Mis-celaneous Goods for unreservedsale. IVESSMS. ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at IV.their Roomns, Piazam, Covent-garden, on Thursday next, at 12, DRA2-E1IYa GOODDS in large quantities, consistin; of nunerons Brenpthndress pihees.R40sawls. 3he dembrodlere Restidenc, cndthe tableeeverolace cpesoad cella trs10doenbneling and edgicts. Llvpie abovltes PilkPanRTaYo manvetlsed, for SALEs brite cAsmereo the preieces. 7,ac ditpto,iu-red, muln capesa, 30b Iozbsben eiS. r.D byliards Cofqiingrnets,Au0tdon linen desstaate iyofcs, werint apprelt, cloth4. Berint, rand . numrnous Frices. On, view da-ro n onn UndromatJu-ow.Th LreaseofRe Cdesrable.15 Re-sidenet, aindt ounse-inl hodfuritueldsE. es Ca ye ROPERT adete fErLSLE by AUCTION, on the PrePmises. Bro-mtorrow,o Tueseday). Feb.1I, has been Sorth lyeia fthe ponremitesantion and estate audIpeents offcs a, eout-iteet, Tandx4BlgeIar e-rofehic Piayco beb.a o the prebses. n tthuto ofnderi WaJuesOrwik-ort,- Gray's-ino.1Ga-tre,Lnon-i- C. MUMER il SELL by AUCTIN e lease of the prmsands in the stockendtmpeensofa egner ,,Th WALEW BiURTwl SELL by AUC-IN o h mIJ.iON, ahis Iwroomstre3, BRoadway,'L-daterkl, Tonmrrw Thrsdray, Feb. 124, at 12120 prciey, h STPRUfCE PLANKS eIDals,anbttens, co5n bod flack band ceoloured tuimper, cranes,hsey lodoface, gloves quabrdaerry, cu tufAc. Onvie Wednieswyefod1 til4whendybfr cthsaloges wht aaousmay be had.o h rmsa ado f.Lrw OnThe branrs of th eGentls-cnal-bsin ~L R Wwill SELL by AUCTION , ont theirGetRo~11 WeednesiEdwayFerd-tetuRgn'-ar k.0.n two-morrow.m as theb]kny 12-.y_ at,2 2,n100 n drySPR cE wl P bAKS deals, angod baetten, of thloads of lahe board yellowspand ibr foriveuo loads of prbeiplnts, c quarerin,cu stff, c. ay o viwedrhecayt' befigore thersae, when caalogue mayub hrdlo the premises.n fM.Lrw Cardisgton-street, Hampstsq.d roa.S Tuomhe LndIbrar of aheGentlemFan.iMoe,Eq DUTTICK and SIMTPSON auctioneers of literary Prroperty, will SELL by AUCTIOk, at their GreatRoom. 191,pim TPicaily.omecalHl, ht. on Wednesday, February 21 n w oloigdy, ath LIBRRY o a gntlman;in wich illbe fund god seletionuo moc nie,d vl. Pembertti, d4.Lini Tlscsni. vofs. aus' Ccie-r onasithqe, C omme;rcia Haiwell in'sprivat,Celysprinte Thursiday,u be sent on receipt of two stampesn DUTICK anods- eSeMPSor aucmtionySaee, of ireteraryth XjpropEORG y.RR will SELL by AUCTI~),a hi ra Om, 11 thcailyeo Mondamebruiary Ha Cesand flowng dhray, Ferarycollectio 1fof 2ib~ cure-y,iou BwoK ants TWOrecnl soere curousvearlyt theelogiCal N pics some s rareSp ,anis books voae, Calond-trracts, books,an tractse reaingote Americaew At. pralesen willhd beuet on reeip ofur Libr 46 yaryo tahe late Thomas fopelandeaEsq, at.1ud1ens5. ndUICK. 3lyeiwdandS dpSOtin uaudcti ioees ofsalterady Lpforesrt. witaSEL Pebyron4 ATI(3n.o atnfelsado theigraRom aucticcad,8 iy en Mondayree.Mrs3,adfloigay,teaube b_s esidnceANCvEdis-avquaredbyinpsstgactgoodsecto rof the tewhorle of Enhish n foreignd auThors in TR11E rachers of liteatr,, tooas anoffprins.rvice. Ctoletgueswilusherful randy.aeta hrin Auorah arnd and ofuth late.Fani Morbe, vieweq.yge DUTTICK ~and,an SI taSoNue hauctioneer op iter,arya dil n'arco,neehighlyvalua s-roaLEChelsea, ofaUTOG,hRAPH and his fomDaby.-themlt Franis or,En.drn i os inPrstnOBadEmrTs sEIne ofthotiusrosus in oglsh and Lenc histryborouzh-thyeree 140 oth reettime; the mi ciell,ancodemtSS iUNclUdesm ihyvaubevlms catr~n efublittact Isom cantercaiornoteCnqet,ateetnlliet h ishland Fruselanch hsoin;afwilintdhrdidotherrp with Wdinz Twrdobr houest inCras.Cesa tables, toiIet-glenaTursday,Februard20,ha axi fors, ind ktwo lots. TWOsubtaellye&td ACSE,i forward state the elooant and staellades boeigld,admybcon Itdby - 3emoderatensouta. Theray are Books.ad3, c aves-tret PanTiton s-square Pihefose,: eac cronainnwegtoomsoitare inate Oldr msepWarateoleae of whichr will begatddretfooh i~R. GREORE BERY il SELLbACIN by AUCTION, 3JLtherCreom(rme,rciaHall. ein'sroa,mheseao.9 ottn Thusay, Febw,Ru gn'-ak nW Ey erary 20, atnd forllrcieyoywietonoi.P.Cabrs, daq., an 1 Punctualnlyw te L-mltSo smdeace motomletA RESIDENCE, bing% Peofec Ptareo VilsubsPark-walk,n Ohelsea,wthl grdensafron anatd frca bactetoro a hihyrspectfable, tenanto ath low taorent.o 4 er hlelu fortOears, atithe lowi pternchndz frenituofe£ Meayo beaviewe byeaselsd tol,andactcviarsa of-to . was lliamdson wiqt , chnitig, Ro onsqalre,s born atws The Commerial Hall;co aind e of thucineerh da,matwinowb-curetan, feoravthqree.idw ihrc areIadgtcmcg aong La prt!_en lsuitle.-o eemtr ae, by ~~ocsinlcar diretioneeofethe seas,foru2 recsely,d in twohtots, TW parefcntly eretedconenientabRetsgrond. tableles, condtabevriniang sevten andi-x room rpciverlgse well Ubaied~ inOuthesi k main sewer. At prsncnhandie, butteeofthevanalscen valuestof esidaebard eacth, landte for byacs, patgnsd rment cofth windo cu s. ea-yb viewed, an aTienlaet andth libary, of ale hbady ofbet Mesr 3s. e,caindPmbeyrmton ptemBuslscresbat rg m strchIcofa Chib eandGdesser Warvlehose.rcetco togthe Bithdh whoies quitin the bnayusinesis. SELL byfAUctION Alonb wM Pess be, Soloane-squrde, on tuesdy FxebtrufarIay 12f rat 2 fa te,ndcffene servcs toile sets, usneful and ornamenaolar choinaan glass abeo feieewdtof iuronand bruhe wres.decemaybe viewed,ayre veffcn w dy rvos and mornings of sale, anScatpolesshdoo the prmiesindea AuthOe o ri i 3ofieunt-treet, ]5. Kinge's-uroa,Celsa n2,Cat wodsre,Wmioode. rub er adih et T.hIK is Da nstdrnurntued and otheTrusefecs.udrh Marilbef Touaghndsirlit m THIS DAY, Feb. s., tol ffer foprSAEly moudern FUCTINExR, compr ellIsngnoa, coudwch, chars alnd day~. dthe1to. ds, aye occebasoaly, andI fancyi theables caiet,cImne anhper glass.tes,Hon ridebard, let oFRdinOn D tablesnboocasewrtin ETAbTES,Busl and o-Et herGE. capt.rba An Frenchol bedstteads tabesboog,toithglases ande bedt~ chabelfonir, chi wrna, gass, imluate atles, and th etehnrusite,on.iet Manbe giewedtandtcaalogsueshd TEttinghazn.errocsfe, ofgint's-park.eTh, lesloawesrbe ei dencear, twit thed elegantan well-madeMoeFuntr,npld byWr tMtessr.ilinon,; Librheary ofBook, coc anig n n grhateaings. icol Pianoore, byBoden hrot mlelro rhareOldine,16 Wardroablebof-yien, and costly prnlaenta Item se-era thece Poprfo fremholdlnd', adout e Preiss. on.e aotndgham- verae Regent's-pay yark, en usednedy Febuar it, ctainid follwin_~ day ath ti2h puctally. theun L heAsie of aethcmpee bt ENdCk,I& 2. naTh nacheor I or malfmily, wtthel fors alng therm atnual low t rent.sh frnCiTe turfe coupnrt brassron, amondst abou~te mh6o'a.nyfxcu-epofted slteseO, wiuth riches paltter chnd fmurniture,sear fhepathrwnbed and bednt. mahogeany wrobeldudrtecs,wthpylae-g e froorm chesto Detawnan toilet glassoes,tmrble-op washtermdo wit china fio 2ttiJngs cLuteat drns iungL rlses. The drawingO roos.d forntaeeme lansetaof.nhe zamask cftpdewenraiols for thre window s wiheic red andh m glot cornices anseod a3otir end suite, sixtrowoo occasioalro chairs withnedgiewtor seatsnour o trosewoo teas charirs, af Waofodnstoruyh wsqueare bienet andutabes. cnoare tables brilint platge chimney4s and.- payarle-e hand teables ouce int silk, aneih-lgt hndlerst toes chfeen,ar Entednigro are ppaya of diningtbes. chairs pedetalsidboad wth lat gls acktsaebopgusr, greenh cloth winow urtins eay cair, i vevetInth lbrary be ak redbrary tabe bokase cinieygin. rchpater Brsslsa carpets hieart togener iththe holofheulinry thensl teandefets. also, byite be Sold, y orderao the E Bctosofanayo rank, Ea ~~~cmissi~~~~~~~~~~~ will ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ o Sne ed Ad ablLinn, nd smll ellr o chice GuUdora-cre.,Ru,eU.qn.mL.-,esx1xolrrnate R~esidenco; held 1ASSRS. FOSTER and SON aredirectedunodELr M. Orde AUof, ath Cuthof MbancrtytoSmorow eby 12AlUT 1 steA%SH f o.88 Gst feffstee,ner ih9itrsde,letqae e,toMs This ~stan roedlentofesdenc fo rt&soa a, rsn teant, and patnlr a t Mr f Nrut s. e eL'mtor, 1, vsro-ne-qarlnew Houessrs Mineodmand Sternine, the ctor,,n opesdtonsroeetoniy:uadro. hessfr. Fboster 71. Peart-matlLnd 1IrSSRS. FOSTER ancl SONwilSLbyA - th ar,To-morrot Fhe brary 2 Totworrows,Feb.UR atona i untwoIoN MILESEH, o.D FOdgnPlace, cetonlese&go atw£25 .nd eld bor 28b oue,echarestainTw menros anhdfoushh ouse, wit andrcl anorh stroeet Sfoane-smt.eretear Kghaboutdgie letr atgo8, and let adfopr 1 es, t n runmrn offeit -11 invstmParticlas 14y beforewd the sale, ofc Mess. hec and Mpriof oltortese, at, Bhedfor-ro; at the Mrarts adoMcRrsFote and Son, M.FstPall-n Pallmal. Chaoppositret,rompan-hsteuare. hel foraout.1 earsehl antes3mandt I1UE SSRS. FOSTER and SON will SELL by A-UC- TION, at the Mart, To-morrow, Feb1,at12, n to-lots aeu LEASEHOLD PiDriatY, coWitiG- oftw nea bc-bultn houss, ach ontinin een zomsand iashhoae, wouithiyo and enclsedforeenut. rectd aoutfvhyeasdao,randutleta y ears ticuars ad, 4 dys pior o te sae, a th coafrt;ab le rapes Publfor-house tentco-nerk of Yeoman'-o;ofth Exeuorse Hof haElate solicitor,ames 12for, Een-tet n fM sqe. Fse.5.Pl-al M ESSRS. FOSTER and SO N willtSELLby accl0-n the patli theisrt TROPmorrow. Febuar12 at the aucin, eaced lusbtrLeatEHorbyprivateDWELLI CnG-OsE,tingothroud,leustan ofaol,andhousnsinthReenta'rpa-pbeigrok, hedon the n'orth ftof Carlues- prdtrof7ye at a ground rent of 6 gu3nes. Thpos htre rooms on aexoo cellv Ofite sith zwar-Iot ddtiona laery fo sutniah an cmfoUrtabe anf contis. a.ll tspybe he acmmatinseqiron by stat family oftr resetblity. Maybeviewd bypermssioof he tnant Camd t iew and por ther- Holicd-hu Bgont-pak,-ydiectnosthenExegutors mofe thlate ~~'SSRS.JuicesHolford, F-are Plne-it,Frb FOSTERand SO respetfand acquaint malrbe-reatl.dfetaoby privthe Efeanct. ositn of the rudae of SSlfRd-oS.FOSTheRegn'-ane,O hnoldxo theCownlio an aet clusihe ofCxAcresOGUE addthea EFand, ofo whc lat sml OReRdo 1-os Au.cSt.ipyal.Temnion in situate in the outy.i Dy ebrucircl of tXhe valuabl with uxtnsivaled aCcommodtion ofo abe ofAmil and forthe ro- pthe satall for. 10hrsem Forrest larg boxe Stand.-Fstadn for' moe.ta 12carigs. ThFgOuns,Tofabou SON acres airecpated wto ShruL be I by everTIeNs, and thve beUenrlidou withal-l, perec know. led ofh Fendsuar gardenine. Particuao daesrs Crowdayecper,Ma. nardI S'con,ac anLawfr, soiithoutres,rve, Colean-sreet;iand of h Exerr. caltomatheverychtoice Cof etffect of thre laEVRS Dr.esoe,irmea OrenM ESSrcs.er FOSTE andb SON infonnrm tserubic, that cfesthe zs CATaLOwS ofM theleEFCSo ofathelatea and FOndlescs Drese piWergADY,it ncl.,and mayble,anod atteDiresde d84. Pael-mal of l ieAction wuitquBe prlacenatithe Gallzery, aothis Dayd Febulmary. and eve for-mowingDaes,eSunday exepted.~ hr tikgn .the late mor. Wllam Frrst,duofethe SradiioftheDay's Salre.t caeiTSSdRntSo. FOSeque aLndSoNh canou dauctd to. SoeLL wat.byAUe ION mabeaeatd the Gaulltuery, zPall-mgali, VntHiSn dAY the ma1dth FebrieuaryrqetrandReveoloingrdabi(Sndyetscepted)s tatls 1oclok each, Atayfe, wthout resere byl directsn ioandof the ax enters,aen o the veychieroiodto of Loure XSEIgold Dresden, UVie~ nna Oernienftal. - Wreser, and bo HnAome, andne slerticesof te ad ladresdend pier-gassit bocghts and tabled, aolDrefsden dine service, adother Italiantwsr, snomteaiusteudrethe euye ofthlato am a. Farrest, carvingsr inivrystieid and cnlid,Ro ies, grops= and figurs, gemis, whomeos, an Inalir Bonue aJthisraueuansoemdr watches, marble ha(ses aelabh f3os. scltue, tie ls,Vnta n tables enoissoneui Fagres,n toefrMesm-.waligtangrndesa fo l-ald .-erenoflethpeion of Locuis of. gheldt D1resden,Forres,tan andotheroIain waeLom iiiaue,nuygls,aman armour, Ostee okcased n nad,RmnGgpta,adErimusr noi ties t ierra otgop a nddhures at oeneian glas chandlierfo sainallgt,-Lmogsttd enameis eta chfs 3rrliquires andis DmWngstandes carvedboxwod figres,pac cturocd,aes. na mes ait ofobecS.o r n anOSTyR comprOise inf1,3m lthean select duringhast yehrs,cifyo CATLOGE, constinenbywthe late Mr. Frrest. whoisew boret Rudgmnt goWd tsayte andx,1t hono stl bmearwin b rettherongh denln estoeemp of the mst-po eminntconoseufrIs., ath whlei off, th effetswlll beAn vimewdtisaye andlictio-mrrw, andu caua Pall-mall.-WatlerctnoloicureDwns of the laeh ighes Forest M SSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed by ShEL WbyACI Xatthe Galler y-%4, al-mall-inentresrv , on Wednesday,Fbur Feb3,7 at I, prCLecTiOely th f CPCTiIOES includTng-aPar o SRAINpGS, tyh.eckropetyo theayto dsat,ingise Wamtu. cenndy; Pairh ofq. View iVendcestorie3shI; them- Ascensiongo the VirginW, S Inee ;andwoh 4riketrbyW.W - m hBeuAr,rai M Ci.%1JaoteuSr Aorsb More Jane Seminenrit Calaignardth Moucheron Debson ingelbarch eBouchery Pal-al.ll-ustatl.dCaotalogues l of Mr ivi'sng Aristsrain n IJESSRS. FOSTER and SON arnfdrmce the pSbLic Wth AUOINt thihCAALGUEallesrntedbyPaoduall by Theubstay artnisty28 wilbediEatDoelyafersdae n&ext,Mr Birch'as12 pcnlawire,th seowngthroughEth pethon receip of ourtaps oremaybestlvn hadfr vis.a thein r omlihes54 Boll-malis Aentimmedatey.P Fpiaroth will secreoa th slnivrsal Exhatiron.lof Parais.In ntane of thehigh derclass. byEC SSRS.eld FOSTER andm SON aWi dreted'iiin S two SteLL wr by AUtION,m artisthe Gallry 5 Pall-mali, one Wendnesdaly, aFeb.t Jam. aTomprecisnely, the COLsECTIO Lofe n 1e WT-Coy,OUhe weImoAwnGS thenmedprpedrty oy thatdistingushdAmRateur. Charle CBarles Eow,nors cdlbsction. Bimnheam;gglesbudigte, Co import.n la n hreCrcer, by Toa Websunt, fRom. the Bare,au Arts, Parisb Exhe bitieJoh Cons-thber wr-&by the sameseminent artist;HCarang andnth the ~eedrwngve bytue D.e Miacli, IbAy Vehnice, and twofro Shake-n SpearwodFrs, by ateo;The WellSwide,b P.AF. n Poole,a Andel; mand eapeof the beaopriod of ta eondlnsaenltrai Cox. These drwig Goodlud oeo h gemsA oJ SathleaCoec tin n ae% beenA g.eatersmyourhaed ast .estFrourAblework othdifrnarit.On view t woe days prior,.andeIllstrated cata-ou R eray1 daygbes,etealadma eh pricelsa each,ha of Mersrr. Foster,5,Pl-a. PLdSn 1 all-mrall.motn ok o iigAtss ME SSRS. FOSTERaI-ndis SO aedircedt SL by UCION a th Glley,5 SPaL-mLl on ThUCsay Februay 28, imedatel aJ e h sl fM. B irchW.1Tapcture,th foenowing PItheRges, thewrks of euour graetliigatit,y and one fomther Bourgeoy J is Gentlsommae,bW.PFrh,A,fm the UniversCaalEhiionu ofthParics,o85f ntac fthelatA uyTh er Zoo,- b by t thneld ILATAG, fom thesWner ExhibiTison, 181D; tw foote works bnmy the same artist:hFirsorie and Fire,bya The amnulynlon aTuestdame 4thoMasch andneour theoin BayshflLvradadnCyh w eSS-kSw POde STaEd anicture drete by Frnthne .tA, rmLr CAre Tonsend'sr collcin the Smuglr' Artu LTitetwyeEs-,animotant ScrELL by AUThOmas Weser .A the Proirge 1, a grland-tet Lwore,-b h squae. Jobs Tueday IArc. thd fomesteg ad, byheP Herin,SEnOL, theIengTrave pitue the moitanadeby Jchnrcero Pstihe adar Scenein Sherwood Foesgt, byd r.ooreaicB-. and baeetRfmichAr in 1 dellb and T.er S. d Cooer, A.BA.g.hCtserideotelien,WChia, glssbtterie d cusn. aobrto Ba. xesv ruh-rnsf 6. WfCooe, Ay A fe&auenFt ata dousamsbeore rhsae,andmyb a,pryl.ec,ofMsr.Fse and on, 4, Pll,all-ml.Lbar.fBo- MESSRS. FOSTER and SON wr ireLLe by AUC- TdiOn,stato the Galery late PAll-mal on Thustedhayt, Februar 2t, rWeLove f ICURm fu0-sreth Erportio CTINno a the Gaiyeebseryole lionmof ongTh pcuresy of Carles6 Birh. EIBRA, of Edbauton,00 Birm_ ha, nludiengz . woBrokHalstepitrehD Maoi f fA.wich atrce omc tetion a tnte eauoAts,Paisf te=Aprac toVenice,11by the lateJ, TH. W-et. Tmr -.aoko'ai fet spoenmfinistheto higthestateArtshf uloybrlr ;teWnml an oeSthR wrkb JOTE ainnd the Golen Agre,te by WEttye BA.; Mosrning. by S.e Cooper A.thur CaderTdistlfomthwye, Univer-o BErt, bsA, W.UMulle. Bttennington, de. alsoma, onssr Sceneda,a acharmin texampleA of PWas-ES Onoviw three days pNor.17 Theiamust whrathed catoiislls b el ready1 day Pucaefre; they sale,uan mabe ad, priceSr. ech, o Mesrs. oseranSo,5, Pibfatmll-,MualLan 3mn rall-malt--aTolgeohe Effects of the late Artu.H, Thistiethwa,tE, SSRS 5115 FOSTER and SON arnform the tule, thAdrdt trthCTAoGUEL of thsUEECTION,a nhe Galley, price Sr., and maytbe had 3atc,a 3 fe theiofce. Psll-mali The W auctonuo TuesdCIAy, 4th Marh, and foras folowighays.di 82adM3 helo Mr.EsonS, FSE and Sh xesT aogny cablet direted byr the Catale.onguesday,no Mearcdy adfllwn.a,th OSH ThjfSSRS. FOSTER and SON ave directed by the Executors of the late Mr. Kidd, of Oxford-street, to SELL by AUCTION, at the Gallery, 54 Pall-mall, on1 riday, March?7, at 3, a PAIR-HORSE HARNES for a slate carriage, veay handsomely mnounted with silver. On view two days prior. Pall-malL--Stock of a Country Gmunmker. MESSRS. FOSTER and SON ave direced by the Pwlrustees for the benefit of Credfitors to SEL by AUCTION, at the Glery 54, Pall-mall. on Friday, Starch T, at 3. without reserve, double and angle GIN S and RLUIffES Mime rifles and revolvers, pistols, and gun feraiture. Oxford-street.-o,sew of B3usiness Premises en the north side, between Portman andOrehard streets - wth possession. ESSRS. FOSTER. andl S01 are directed by the .111 A.ssignee of Mr. Wettoen, bookseller, a bankrupt, toBEiLLby AUCTION, on the Premises. on Wednerda'- Februaryi 20. st 12 toer Oxfoaerdn-hotreet anda modernc sop, withadditioynal preisea thoouhfRe. Maybe vewd and paricuars bdireten b theprmss Assignee of Mr. J. IL Wettue to SELL by AUCTON, on the Premises, 213. Oxford-street, on Wednesday, February 20, a' , 12 for , the STOCIK in TRADE, including 200 lots of popular works, stationery, account books, church services, and Some shop fittingsand fixtures Catalogues may be bad of J. NicholsonFe,, off!Ica assignee, 24, Baslnghali-street :and of Messr. Foster, 5Lal-mali. l FOSTERn-aFO SON are directed bythe on thePr ie,Talse-hill Housein 1urn, llthue ex= H SF HOLD iFURNI TURFE, serVice o lt,genos lns os n Vauble CZN%s Of which a more &U!Ioldnotice Wil arpea,-94 Pal- Upper Tuise-MIlL-A. Gothio Residenoe, placed in seven acres of plea. b-fo= laan'7tu kin-jiMtcmafor'oolaation.- I FES O. ~STER ad SON hre; directed by the LIffl oxecutors of the late John Ik eEoto SElLL by AlUCtiON On, Tni2esdadsy. Mar ch U, a t 3 2 thbe G ROfIAD i,EABE oft TUILSEH I LTHOUSE, with offoicesconservatory hot and green houses lodge. ple%suregrounds. gardens, aind padockes-In all seven arcrs-with unmnediate'goseeselon, Can be viewed Onsly at stated times by tickets which =ay be had at McssrL FOees' offies, SL Pall-mall. M SSP.S. FOSTBER and SOAN are directedto tSEL TIO,to the PaUreyise4, Yolrkhue, erteNw hrh oe Tootig, inthe econdweekIn Marh AthmoernEba HOSEOLD Boad-dret.UDespictures,ohn a vanesrand ornamTaentsFrenchdock. advertitsedh.rmm SfaCoe 1ESSRS. FOSTER and SO aercie 'SELL- Ganso Ery b4, PAll-mION. atthsoonzafte Easer al 3ondstree lectr, and compris oing worsmo the gratstY imeAnce. NNRI band ditnUished mAsPTeS, rofmte Duthch and xlem iedishshol ae rpariUentverdlncontidrbonmbTayem and sin greatua perfeton,bth0astob qua-10 liyandoi subpect; th hihrclse o by b t;tepteuaa oteautifulereamstleEso the Spanishin and the1th masters adthe choenforminghaebe cepoilectendo witetat valuvad IntehrestnThodas blnigofoaleoand fier whith dhetalooso thesubjecta, ~~~vill befudulyP advertised.x Ialond-srel.--Dr1estoao Wbaton, Savourneraing o. andTapStryeaphets Portllsea,Ohairtandsfcona Coeers. 1IFSSRS. FOSTER and SNhv eevdisrc ..tintoSLbyAUCTION, at the Rom,2.OdBn-tet Farch13 Fand twon folwn as h osl f NEI n Un1caivesllExhibiton, aryin Ion Rsidnes, mradu frombl0 fdut. byeift.1 boudo5in apt .b i. the p aeeabep ttofrns,adaptefd to the Gireen-ptark, ofmfundsing ofxthensih,veth and deigtfu vuiewshavor been reproisadue withrthatdivid bounthrmoiu lnig fcl.sfr hc h i a aie thnsetaretedb the Prteofprietor In ondstret hraays be engaged,and thy willFbeo3 atleve on the T 0th, with, andsesioth)]rcf tecat.alogel wihAhedmensions of each.arpe, wiho radly, uonth 1stofMach acnEdemable obamnd.gats of moe Maaessrs Foseru andicSous,y conTemalenLcolaniectied fof Waimeiter-ColurDrwingn of W.a Setepens mansSfaiS. ThrsTdeRc and SoN haisom SELLm elevatio.with potioN antthe Gallry cotins nulmerous thepa aecnd weekondr Mar ch,amCOLE dCTgrom,O nbt ofWrE-O oURDRleaWnGS includ-o vagthey works ofd CaftyermineinL roobe, F.alas Taylor D.oin roots,an man~woln ofthe mst poular atistsexhibting on Pal-al band Pall-all east.lFuRterspartcu,letrs wilbeme announed.e ann VjT SRS. FOSTEBROTndSON CAR K,dieatd LYEH XyXJ arle isructed of Wadesey-ose neaor toShefELd, to SELIOby more fully asis-ertistd.-rent ofli-mall DucSInhe-te, porefeabd-le ar o PccD1 lyacn9heGen-a SSR. FREBOTHP,CLARR, and LYE Wednesday " next, Feb13at 13,th LaSE 1 withe longsPsess ofa exedd eDering the sameheplestewth eleglance, acmor, aecndl canvembstnt,and suicted. forheimediatey uccupatirontof an gentlte. bedtr chamofber,dressingle rooms land boat rooms,egat respcalrenatioa vatoy. obl andlofy dningrom breaDkfast anPortlind fraloomg at a roundrentMayrenviwe bay b ckets onl, whichrd, wth p articu lar, myb ha ofMens.Farbrthe, Lark,and Lye,% Ltancaster at a valuation.a G =O,~nClrk Harpley-street, CaTesdish-equare.-ALeasehold Estate,f consistingof cangistnft tal Famil y Residence,ltolese, ate£i50 per annum. ME SRS.OAREROTHER, CLARKC, and LYE AV are instructedl by the proprietors to SELT by AUCTION, atGraa',on Wednesday next. Feb.ur 13. at 12atGraa',th LEAS toflt, aWOapritalePRIVAT ENE R SI be,g Nos. 0, Harle-stee, Capoenotet aedish-square, wtcoh-orusefand aanild handsm pemiesvatios the rear.Y Th0e resideance P ubtaintial sbuitandialandextonstive accommo deaseon; isle oleefr,1,o years, at theylyrnof. rendite Pof £110pe cannumeisaedo uNder6 The Dukvea of d drheuPortlan,frauexidtrmdo 40yers,atexagroudterent.4Mybeamviewedbycrdns, I&Ibevihwd onap plcad,tion bo Metains, FrbofMessm Clare. andeCla Lye, 6. anate-Lace, cSterand,of whomals.OfvO apO articularm e a;o MYbeha;ans.duroyfs Clars. andrMoynes, slcitor, 160ffnsrlcto 6, Oxford-street;,n tGarwys Duchess-s ~~treet, Portland-lc-on Leshl Ettsfo.net lJirSsRS. FAREBRO ER CLARIK, and LYE *jJare instructed bytepoaee toSL byrAUCTION, at ed Gaeraay'sex, onb We1sa3 et eb 3 t1,te ogLAEo FotaMI-laReS,EC,13 uhs-sooPrtadpae,rcnl an usatal rce,oamnaltcedfronts, and withth lextra foor 7,1,of beros2e1 nles oamsepetbetnn,a £1e0pert annumS16,anishlunethDueoPotndoraog termof atagoncet.Mybaind,b ad,t be had of Messrs.M~rte,Cak n ye, 6 , acatr-lc, tan,o whmy alsopatclrmabehdanof Mess rs lugye,Cak Oxnod-gtrnes,sctors 16,OxodstetaadatGtawyG cositindgaoftwo cadeptalFamiolyen ResIdences, onet witha possesint. M RI are Hntuce byW the ProprietostoSL bystAUCtion,t atEGrraAy'Is ,a heMr, on Wed esdaynetFbray1. atel n=ytwo lots TWO cprivate RSID. EiNCES, bein Nutlnd-18ane Hd 26, lmpooe- eenty mdomied nd pt Ito sbstntiasan deerotav reair, laEliorb21 years,ethel ynearlyment,na ofh£200 mmedrimteposssso WahdfN.26 TheEabeve hasreceheldude thetructiofnsrto cards, tLb obtane ofMessr. Farte Mrte, ClTusary, anbye, 26, Lancaster-lace, inod. lof, wHomE sulsotarticulars mayl beUhad; andto alable longat Lasd ehn old.Etat, fo andveRneahstmen,stuat Gn5Jasvend street, Poalatland-place. il/FESSUS. FAREBROTRto, CLAper andumLYE neadanext Feb13 alI illots(unlnsartionlyround ent ofyr a Tat contact, Capitalits-esirableLeaeoD ESiEncnssigo three mueroandsresuOxor-treet.blcesdn~s,7adl,asal~ Potan-pLac,o hEdsme eleatin wecithpotco enstranes,onstucoe frons,and UMO.a the exrlo o e oms,o Theuesidenc es.are let on Olease,t-forad1, ort 21 years, tomhighly rsetable tpenats annth rents resecdfratiely of£10 1a andc £10 per ere annum,rebat Cmmristats posses TionIo ca ihao tohe Waedeloofurnituered if thequr Thley am held nunde the Duelo otad for l emong terms of years ate grundxprents.a Obrdc-suitreouet: inda Gar-sree,way' hdod,le t s . Rutlnd-gate, foradeprmkofxeelyearnto Reech, lealatat alwreunt. ret;aloa capital MASous, beng Premise iunewmanterHye-par, withn-b stble aindh doubetlecarriage-house.mThupreingosesareae nnueaset heldfrtyelfraln term. aa o gondretePriclrseit Z5irnr.Priuas ihconditions of sale, miay be had atthMa;ofesr.ecinad Dhunning rely.Es. solicitors,2.Asifmm;ado the aioDuctioen-eer,I Hart. oftescoer 1 atstreet, Efloombury-square lIgible r tc.Leasehold InesmetonartesPalae,nPish-t co. 3PjFR.W.HX hEas 1~ received instrtitcnstion SEL IL ELby AUCTION, at the Mart, Tonmr w Tuesduary, 12buat'26, a 12closen In one lort,THees,i subs,Tantall built HompaSES,ith shop, sioatoandbein No,1,, an 9. aneanh-steeng Grosvenor., areletto xceletteant, a retsamontiggt £18tarsaunumfand hel diectfro te Mrqus o Wstmnstr. t ground rent,. fora teremptofrwic upward of Iseol yeausesamtWestoTro-propert madKe tin fsl.hdat the at omart;of, Messr. a Me rnmaean Dunning,rt dn 1 Hatstet B ale,abNIN-sqere.ig Tsmall CapV'ditallsts.-enis,bat Leasehold drentets, situateisng th Oaeld rKient-oa, Waelo-bridge-rtoad,Hgamps;twa-oad andh-roNew. mansteet, 5 Oxfod-st,reet. wkWsbom-roewst i .eIn-oinSeLLd AouCTION atin the. Mart,34,o 15esda, Feb. 26, at. Leo. OldKen-suroa, 1ldet ratdrnt amentrsagwi ro £23 lOs pert annum, and heldmntfor a tem wichita years wherenexpre matb Chistmas last:er Twmo Houstes intes Waelobigod ofrthcuvalue ofta£10c per anum ad telvfre termntof whic 66ypnannxprd bikbitouein Ge,sorge-street.8 Hamewre-road, le at £40 pert rent; als a1r LDaps OffHouse and PrhrdsremiesPNewman-squree.wthta Feheldrforraterm uNexe of fond yeA atdorthey smlCouend-garent rof £5~ ~~~dengC0 per annum. ariua,wtcodiOnsofRTe may bELhaLa 17Jby AUCTION,uat itheMrt, To-morrow. Fe ianooteby rer o tEL bsigy ofUCtheN esat te oftCharleIstitutore,abIna-uteitfa conent of th edesdrgaees, In1ot, TI E veruay compacut resI-ve DENCES, ontinn see rosec B situate,S andmbeing Nron 5e.6 stand7, wst.Lengsards-sqare faiden-road,rproucin retabean las, andfth chiatber-ilace, Baognykfriars;o Gha. Gra7ham,rFand, offcial assiets of Caoleman-stree,cdity'i of taMessr Gay and Bery,sonicritbors, 0. dgestreet, Portman-sqfanalroet.a an cataoguemaybobtsnedat td Intituion an tteofces of Mesr. irkinanan Enegleaheart aseMners and estate agent,sr veyrs nd alurs,58. King William-street, Londoni-bridge, andBlck heath K Alent,ad la Blackheath.-Detached Family Residence, for occupation or invest- 2ment. MESSRS. IKIRKMAN and ENGLEHIEART have LI. ecived instmrutions; to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mlart, on Friday, Feb. 15. at I precisoely (unless previously dl,,qosed of by piat contract), for occupation or investment, the DiE N FICIAL LEAS of a first-cass detached FAMILY REIDENCE, with garden, situate and being o6 Laus?owne-place, most desirably situate, on the west side of B ILeath, in the county of Kent (being the most preferable part of the heath), witbin a short distance of a church and, the Green. wich andLewisham Railway Stations: held at the lowerentalof £12 perunm, utof heestmaed ale o £75Pernamnnum N.H. The de Jb . May beRiewdb cars ony,t thobted ofecthex auc Mart- andlat te offoMaryt offeKra and Egehed rt aucItioner,1 60, Gvarrway's,n Monday February 18at 12 for I the LEASE and GOODW Iin TRADYL'of an excednivabeWINE and SPIRIT VAULTS, known as the PontefractCati nosteligiblysituate in the preferable part of Edwards-tet emnsqae hpeie are of an unusuall bald anda vccrct,aesutnill erected, well constructed, and rpeewith domesi ovaecsaf busiess pplinces th aitatie fortrad isuneiabygo,by lnqbeetsreonrolf n imene bck cihboahd,ndlms SaymEe-row.-IModern Furaiture.Chlinmey and Pier Glasses, -intonedi PiaaOferte, China, Glass, and .Lelaous E.fects, removed from rate rsdecs jtE SRS.RUSHORTHandJARVIS will SELL Nob1,YAUktIOrrate theirgent catk.-Teoi exeon tud Feb.it26, eCel-ag dPiranofre diin s am slbry,allCleto fpeggCabimnet Pictures, 400 om afne-onedcottge Iante,t ri,Clated Ward Colad, Wacb,irianlrd ts a,la ar va -rietZofcloksnd uefmiscellaneousiEfetem. Mabeve th a rectedig b net gnasla the oxecuces offMe.srs.uRushwort an Jarla,Savlle-ow,Reget-ree , n sq., dhanealle, t No.L 1, AorkTIrrac, olthePrem-ises excellentay Furnitur8, Cottag- Panoforhte, a04 emi Coecio ofpesi2Caie Pcurs100rb of BoKS, b00er r f Pate P.or ctalatenWofoGl rWtce, dtrinets, Chi nd. Gladls,Wno,a andemaiceerastonssEffects. pi/rEsSEan . vrius c OT n ARI r i 5amrecteddblh xctoso .H Nre s. denceased, the CottaL btylAIO,o th e rmse,o Tusay,Fb opthe ex- ndm1s~nyof Jll&chirs 5~ancldnigtals aAVI ingedi ~.ecs, Amnber eonsit at G~carv cottg pidanoot, pictures, boos, hndsmesilersaler eretfra ESdeea CErsad, spoote ns wate, tinkis.a fw dzenof ore Shles rryand on othrwn tesn spirits, andvarious efets. Wayb v Theoe housreviont,aindficablogeshadontheprmiss;and dofmessrs. of nsfwoth lwandf oarvs Savlorow Reentstret,Anll, Changealley COXonhldotaeajonn Staniore,Mlddisex.Two entee CophldResidentceshn h 1~~SRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS atte picipa£VJ eete by he Toste unerthwillof OfysHbW. Re dooecesd tq ELbyACI, a Gdawys.o Fiay,Mearow Re- at12 n ot COYHL COtle TTaGE R1ing,IheldCby oritnteina tHel rnrailaeo GreadStnmr,1mlefomLnn,nth leghrade from thgeCrwn, tWatoondrent, Theu tonaocnte,ainsiv beoda rooms,ted b sttin roomsteanddoes tic Noffieofhwthe lawn Rcand floer gardn D, all inSErfec orer AlsTON at sm raallCop old Cottage adronin thet 1receing,olos continin fehrbedrooms.ubstandia kicen,sMayD be SIDEwCed , and prned extiensave ba trwarehous atthe perincdIpal tnsa!,t: Sitsanmr, Edgew22e, WatfHolord andearro th Lofdnn W. esotell hel. dgeae of Mh rwfr4 essrs. auhoth anr d JrentofX3 1. Sale-row anum geot-streett andu19, Change-alley, Corn leaetllr, 3acbm o6a On he rownum Falwatshoplabne Inv l estmens, oe22 andoin21g,High No.bor, lanNo1,Lttle Queen-streetltt 1.A os haidroining,hl by origina lerase frm-tiltiho the CrownrD, at rudrns eltnncda , hiand rdouind arentasloft£33 payeriwewtannum.fteentadpr by Sfol-theet,la Trseest; ndertewl of theslate Richwrdh nor mon,ls Saq.,towSEL byeAUCt-sON, atd19 Ghargeaeay' onFia,March Tw, to12,oin twoUiota,hotuIsTh veryt Grenbstand tiablnSHOda Brnet-EcE,mSop, and extensived wotareos inaherear,aadvenhelud,o itheCowcntfr 40 yrear,at Sangroudrento, 3 6.pranm ot .TeScapita Rouse andT s aciusShp JoARVI High Solbor, boy3 LitTle IueN-sre, let torr.wA, tono hairdresser,c 2c at £83 i pherenumt lotsb disecheld ofo the Eaxeterms andVat Jol simia grounds. rentas n lthMae viewedofBwinth pearmsino the tenantwit lawnd parstabieng, hand at Garrahldar'deno Mdjosrsn Garhe ansame hs,lo is lcteto 3,. uffolk-strgeen, Panll-al yeasIyt;nand. of. Merss annushwA opya holriose,Scvile-row,fegnto-street, and 19,pChane-alley Ceceding, t taior' Chopyh, fihmwer'in-bop,sardn,wtGadn and stablinglet and ab Frieehold Geardyena, atX4ret Herts anuAn acre of Copyhold Pand,urn Grond, withvaube eontrgeofoGrea btadnmo?re, sdes,peasnlxst.e 1rSSRS. RUSHWORTHandaJARVIS wiII SE LL LTbEy AUTON, atthGa4rawy'i nU FreIdy Matrch 2nearFtz12, i thureelt, by directioand ofApi the Excter ads 1 of Wi.JonWlle, andth deceasdd, anof Mru . C (in Wilson,rdece sed,a PhOing bediEsj posCed oin the vtonfEret neet IEar th chuch wiULThUlawn and stablen, ancafreegoldsalfgarde agroininges thersmThs, pedtstalt tod fountarnes, saurgleon arnzol yuearlyoennt atl £ e num oy hol Hue,d cone oftUnion-streeth, andls opposite the moselg,wth tiOR's sho, ismonger' sholp,tgreden bv andostabnLag;blet tonMr. Priesly, yarlyenant at £0 pe annustAnare ofiss alo yold atr Lan, ithvauale rotag fr oilinpuaoed plasanly situate, Ton SarnltclothManufathecrnero themes Row eygnrsa, aneartBens- gate;n laett-are, Reqhm yearl teAnt (laelny deceased). An aer,owth oft rich Cyho, GaRden FO RLrOOMSd, and a otag thereo, wit eisle pondand orname,nt al ont,situae fronting tahieshig roiad indthe ad macired ilg of grusstbbi. bbamora;ltmoMr Pthen, gtardeiner ma very onfldoyealyoeat th£3 pDwUerv annum, Mayrediee with,tw lagpermission ofthe8 teenants, and prinetediparetir,lars obadn atpparrpana, atVthed porina inns inper Bydarliet pare,%wt 0ic Egwr.Watmoadu andps Harrow; ofn. i. Clarkes, ron. Bveshopsgat hrchyard; and ofe dimestes, plush.n worinwth andpprver basino, drevnggearntgtre, seeandt19, Chne-adlleyin, Thveralmportan Collrctikonl tofsbeautfu Sculptrs and otaher2tn vauable Worksinmarld bronze,htone, terra cotta andexeniggevrit w ofs mabechme-pee, 11pa ofgofmgp Italia, Frenh, M.an d lim raet an designs choien cimaogens of b hagllona, thce oreisug h entieSt of MessrsF.e anHroseyeandCo, ailter-their Galeits nuvast-tet,b hs ME SSRS. RUSHORPH and HORSEY ~will SELLb byAUCTION, at the Mallerion.indniesdaty-sr, FebraryF3 tltzrY soure onztheofth andclthsof April,cthe 6th anfvdozenh of May, nd th raeidand fthof June Hin cnaseuencebi of th rmie haoine beenor dineposef o the vinaery O clbratted COLLECTfr iOns of very vTuabeS iny marblIe,vinentangel1sicatlfgues, inoups, vase, tnderm17 pedestas Handi fountains,svaluablenbronzes,nnumerous chimney-pieces,tofdthe most pdtlscand 14 Ooo,elabra, ngsairs iemarlabdu and marbple e slQabls, n Harrios worksonin scpglll, sovrawincths estalishmentl braate been srom long faouse.e Thearstockbwille aTorrangemd lofts, suiable foth dor. To S oaiclhbMaufactuers, Co leaciher,-raadothees. ~,ESSRS. FULLE adHOSY r instrcted to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premiss,Co fohrd.pac outreser.e, FORTebm POErOM,2 n 0icesev, 20 etras beONam n reds and 0ames, tRe uug mahns 'abous windin machine, 60grssore) Dtn be tabebbi-fam s, thr -ee sarclgsmacingses, on androi Turooms,lwav tosbeven yarst widde.utwo lharg openl coppe pans.8ifeetr6 and 9gfee diameboter asonte oblong0 copperspan,draspted for atar opper hydaulcprs, wibsto,tho0-nc closd ump,cat-ionma macinewih cppebsin wodrivington gearngseveral tensed fhelasghig seveal odsof icworher10 tens tram railsgan ch airs 10atontms, usefu machinry eas andcwoughtiron,mhatngspry adoul prigchae els,a ensel psn~ainof gowigenpoplar ash,rtmand o litme n tree,n nu- wheancataoue may Berhadwd Contearemss and euiWo Messrs Furlle ~SCRSTFULLR an SYwill SELL b UTO,a h W Ro AmCTIO1, atd thendMaet, PoaM on Wonesday,Fbur 3 t1 rareminefrom thle aoodmcellar, onerbingdof vtery choie drpoDrtie of she vintage of 1830,Hlbom betldin1 olur biSaol vre vlube.r patMiE,Svitag 180.bEtEdN n14486 and SNwll8 SELL ie Has-ri and IOn's hpng andtei twoDbnas aofvte vnae1, bottleda. ed in 101 doz 1847oens ofm them beingk remd aprkablyufie saml tbeoofs Qusboles Harisnd ons siini. evralbis o coiewt oldhouted port, froman fou tosevn yarsinbetle Thopso an Cafts. bosan odean, for- reslter',MartinezC,andce oa -port WinmlaeCompany's shipping),310 edozens ofuperordpaer Aduands brown sfherr, nludin coo binhof cnonetshery,andoebno eyueirel rw hry 0dzn of clRe,adSein bucOElls h ie a reyin inAR celas 2,LToken hosArd,TION,atheesle utd Rofm th auctie,oneers,Thyday.Fbe pub-a fol1ireely-sroewowedO and tatdCusAy Revou TABLSthefsaleiertalomse maynenbe hddiat thesMat; aof dresers. Pulbler and HotrsdreyBlster Tols n Coasebbuldesom Coaehaintings, inenmoe, I landotears.gar IUrelSSbook LLE andLefcs M evee theSday areceinstruthedsl and ataogSLLe byd.Auction, onth Prmies, G8hneorge-street. xod InROe and SeEL aand ptIThekM nGelt in fln abes 30 tans17 SCbr L(sotd),10tensi Stafogehrdsihir bars Fturnsoeach pigte POlysadTrtans),S tnsdetsst du shear steel 2EL ton 1M bsrUghTIN and ctnareises, 1on bs Derday, town clout, 1. ton amp 3ead CIAes,L0 gross woodtscews abten cMrtanetel and extenslivhe PE chIS.2 tensbunted washrs and bsnelt reqiingsg0pi pates anona, mallh teintipsaes hoouhachesprings, cac rox Longr,doubTLOle purcishaelab uneratvroumassorgerms,ant genmeraltassrtents ofy irvineryd Tod onrtheulpremises;ine of Mlessrs Fuller, and Homey, eolicityr. Aleranots buy BoadwGoJ. Collard anodciollard,gnWe,num, Cois-a. SCOTCMUR ERL willSELb AUCTTONI, atte at 1sfory2upwards ofd40 newhand secnd-anodePrAof h Exctors, BroawooA Colard,andotheriemsineumks,ieuignlg octav roswMdURandLb Brwooll andAUspenId N dobeactio harbr rard', hron Tumsday, Fexandre &.f; also a uvaretyrfther veien of sh ale. May Reben viwe the daypreran iomngofmsle Commercial Salses,wRhsooms, tu4t. F ingtope-street,on doobryfrom Albert Oil MEis Hram-ersaith.-To Seed Crushers. Oil Merchants, and othera-Most valuable Investment. I JOHN MACQUIRE has received instructions AUC, from' the Trustees Of the late Mlr. Joseph Adnitt to SELL by TON, at Garraway's THI D)AY, Februay , at -12 for I pre- cisely subject to condfitions to be then and there producd all that LEAEOLD WVATEESJ RPROPERTy situate at the Upper MllU, Hamnmersemith, in tha county ofMddlesex, on the bank of the river Tlhmame, and adJoAiI the Chiswick-pler, consisting of a modern Well-buft mll for ctuhing linseed,a spacious enclosed wharf yard, the Ealso Five amDI toer, having a froutage o0 15 feet to the river, and also Fve Tenement6s or ths annual value of £70, adjoinig thereto. The internal arrangemnents of the null have been made regaecUess of expense, so as to combine all the most recent improvements of the seed cruasing business, and consist of a 25-horse power improved condensing engine and Caoriebeier complete, and machinery, including twopair of 7-feet edge stones, strong iron bed lates, wrought-iron main shat and driving wheels,- two pairs of seed roUers with frame and wheels, three liydaulie double presses coolets also psuaps and kettle sack hots, "c TheengineandbDil erhavoieensucentlydied, they areb Messrs. E. B. Wilson and Co., oc i The engine is eqalto crush. lag 000 quarters of seed per weet There in cistern room for 75t us of oi, and storage for quarers of The mi ad ve tene. mentsareleseholdforahy,,mof 80 ysars,commeacing fron the24th day of June, 1845, eceptthe last three days of such term, at the yearly rent of£60only. The restof thefpertyisleaseholdfora term of years, commencingfromto620th dyofSetember 1811,at the yearl rent of £0. Themin nowinth o ptionof keses Grabanarnd Armstrong, on a temporary agreement (terminable la four w ' notice), atment ntofi Special attention isinvitei to the folowg pots :-thab the buildingsar nearly new; thLt the rM chlnerylai nse a state of oempleteneas and eDiciencyas to secure an unusua=y lage profit. The mi Is about amil fro tenrilway Etation at Kensington, while the rate to Lendon by barge s onlY 1s 1d per ton, so ththeiteniforcarrlage wauld be uniportanrt, Acom3paratvely small capital, with a inoders,toamaunt of personal atlention, libe certslntDaeurav larg ^eretum,.Forayiewo apply to Mless Graham and Armstrong, ODntheprenmisee and foi further particulars autSo M re.roW Jam eWel Rn Edard Greeorgh Jtohn M quee(the WceRe)(43au n Co. i4, Ol rod-utreet; or; Kr, Geore Houm and Shop. Ncw-street,]Dorset-9Q and Seeo sets of Stabting, ins-tree-mnewe, St.-John'-,wood, p oucn£4.3 per aurnun. - tHIN~NOCK and GALSWORTH axe instructed cJ to SELL by -AUCTION, at the Mart, onr WodnesdyFb~ 0.at 1, the capital HOUSE and CHaNA SHOP, 18. sew-gtioet Dorst,-square, let on lease for anursexpired term of 21 years. atX70 -~annum, and held for an unexpred termuof 9.1 years sdays) m hits 1809 at apeppercor rent; also 0' setsi of Coachi. booses and'Stabling, Ini Oak-treo-mewsiSt.John's-wood, held for a lonc terse, at a low groud rent, saLd 1)ucing £11 -= nemvayb Tiewed aLnd partueular. Obtained of Meess.Anc n Vadan solicitors, 20, Essex-street, Strand; of Messr. m.M,%Cal Mhe,16D Orfordi-strnect;- of John Maryni, FEsq., solicitor, 22, As-gyllsTreet sar of Messrs Chinnock and Galswortby, auctioneers and strcveoyrs, 2%Regent-street, Waterloo-place. K and VORTHY ~will AUCTION. by directior of the Trustee, at the Mrso ens day, February 20, a very desirable LEasEHOLI)ETTE on E~g two ouses and shops, being Nos. 10 and 19,Shlo-tet 1, Zbo-je-terrrce ; a rivate residence No. 22, Westhorc~ae Ilso'-Od tse excelent corner hoiuseangrc'sho,o Janmes-street, 'let orlIesse at £UO per nnum anthe dsiabe oo and ahel' No. Jameg-street5 Westb'ourne.errace wel adapted for busineff 95 hedfor long terlzWj%4part let to excellent +m 0, h irk6 par preesune wie to al anu valueiAb, 4Z: vloomsbmexed Patclr ab ~ndt"MRt;ofMeans. gen-sree, atero-pae wThteppbaonothJug tmowhos Cor the san-idtcausein are atachd, onWednsi.the 2oth day cof Feroary 18t% No.37 sadr 43SW~TI, Hthe trct onet apoite to. stellthe same in N.4High-street: Lot 3 . No. 47, High-street; ohNo.1and. 442, High- sftreat Lot 10. Nos. 50 and 51, High-street; Lot IL. No. 24, Crwnsee,adtwoTenements on the south side of Crown-place; Lotl12. A Fa-leslo,Stable, with Tenement adjoininfg, with siracons shoeing shed, and a cahhuend stable: Lot 13. Nos. 25,26, andI 27. Crown.- street: lot 14. Nos. 2% 29, 30. anfiSl, Crown-stree o.2% 4 and5 Regen's-plce. ad No. 1,2,-3,4,5, and 7, Booe 's-buildiTigi; an I,ot5. Ns. 2to % Cown-at-est bedl inicliusieand Nos. 8,9.10, and II, eget'splae,'he aforessid premisezs ae let chicily on lease to resectbl teant a retsamounting to £1,110 Per annum, reid wiM be f te icraaeyealyvalue of £i,52, as estimated on the expirationf a ermf learnGw unexpired. and to whith the lots 1, 14, and 15ae sbjet, artcuars, with plans and conditions of sale. maybe bataieds(gratis CofrMessls IeotmeantsHd uses, solciors, O,VrclardMr WRb rt sholl, soicto, pOdcld Jew t-c pers amiu. W opr els: Sat t AeCrown;at the.Actonarto nTud of esbrua Chinnoc anlGostb , auctionectiand lan sureyMortaes,.%Rgn-tet f1IHThN1OCK and GALSWORTHY nrc SiELL by %JSLLbAUCTION, at the Mart, o nL Thursday, Feb. 21, 2 at12thim 12orvantandeCaluable PEVRSOPERtoY,00 desiraly situanden in theHih stret,Bateroa; ompisin fourehues,ashops,ateboldeidg,cart ses respec~~table tenants o ogsadn, theoterless f tr oouptsonsid-al belowtheivale.Pans ond paTiculrsdmay. Fbe2 obta1ine lofs Mesrs Pickri,g. Tmpen, ad C .sltors,3an4, SorLnd-buildigs, tincol's inn a t)e ar; ad f 3ess-.CbnckammnodGatlsworty a Regent.wi street, Waterlooueso-place.dNxth7o tefoblerfrlongts,bydrection of the mdrggents. Lyo , auaUCticuasoban,d at the MaWaohrsday ofeb. 21,batds12, thq.ins. Unoin-terandvaual REVERSg-Il oN tossm6,000 Consolbinsondin Paish nmSouhak n of hihyssetrbtutes,mCinc and recevabloontheyeceseuot layMae 16. last iRen-tiiy rovide shterlbpaacochl y e rsn hubn(wobINgOC asnd shl tan2,orbigaduhErhLL atv tAi2 CTrIaON) atthead hfast had bhutresdachild.who die ver yong.r lthisvdesiable Lrevrso EslDbeofferedsingtfour olotsoft£h00eacrh.sPar ticlrh adcndtosof S.Glsa leombay beobaie of the buirbytReq i,Waerooeplae; trotheiAuctonMart;g andhuseof reenesss Ciuson and us aorpletey,aucineers. in Regolent-sreeti, waerlopl daned nSP Norlad-suh atre, atng-fully-Threpedb capital Lespectablrenclam tof w eeloyten ects;absoa eholclgheotherdfor occuatin.2 ro stAUct, at ate threr Mart ondl Thursda, Feb.y 21 a .2,inltsoT r annell,atdheldtoraSunexphosdterdo,5orears,-tagre,oudetort X65.Farncalars49 contpaininga sueriortacoinodtonfoa fasm il wileram bedg sld with mmdit possin h housesbudigr Gay'e-held diectm idgm th%feeolero lon lios-ins0, atmodera-tregroutrndrets liyeviewepl, Iadples-tcuarsobw6 reeic'-lalneddJery at the Mart; ofW ihrsn eq.1 sre,ouha-;adof Messrs. Chinnock and Galawwrthy, auc-r n adsreos tines,A,2 Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Br udleyn-court, St iea.EibeLaehold baso.I h et ato Inetments. l C-HINNOCK and (GALSWORLTIY wl SaeL bye HtatoBLbyAUCTION, at theAuto Mart,oThrdyFe.2. atd12,i three lets vAprluablte L ubsEHOtlSS-bcmpisin theEwHOLe o1hAorthN seide Nof Drudlycor,which-rae d-tablyo High-streeat toe Crouhwnest reeti thfarisg hof st, ca's, c loomands, coEnto souew of the busteatchoa. rongfare intemetepo,cnsitgofble houses ofd drecent erectin, soejutc mpleted,and t alindexcllntdear, well drained, and supple oihwae,dfully toccupier byt a moustal rspetable adclassho waeedytenants; aloratLeaose. holispopand Hose.letognol23Cr-ai stret,at he orer f Ddle-coghnewycrete nodlerte rent ;csfo 7,1, o21yeas.Thewhle roucig grsserialof th eabet £46 per. anum ondhldferain uf3expire adt3sermf52yars, adt agrunrnto £45 PariculaSO and plns a e otindof Mierpoesrs. Coopeorksand trtHeof trhe fselrtrs, SverELaLby AUCTION Gaysmu Mheisr Houseg. soUngtondsureen, stlcd. 10, Salesbury-streetbSruand; 13es. ataIples,ly 30Mals and mere Federlndisc'-paeou OldtJewte zrnactionofeMarn;end sofcMessrz CnPeinodic and Gaycrbeyeauctioner dandprlandsualogeyos, hrighton-Noble FonrnreehodMnipton. ino sthembst-pr)f.h o facingenthe Asea:blaet onfes ait £23 pBoernnm ah fioprst-lfasinet CHSSRS. and LEGHLSORTHEY have been favurdwthINStON,actionserfromfI Executrs pof th late wody iHutmie fthatSeL by oaUCtION.SL n UuIN at theiAcinMr.Lno,erl House,3,BrWnwiugto-seraet, dSirably siont rdatthebsouaythwes1t cre, fa, omcing tesat 'lc rcsl, ancoradgau viewnofithe Western-agead, ghayvinguporico entane laprgetall, nObl diin and prprtofawlae roos bcompr.ibigrar,nmerou's bestoyf andsecmondarybc chambers, andthe1~ uoasuldmsi o ffies tmlaogeter. owith aSfur-tall Hstableo Dhand coah house paperoin ing aen J3y itoreyfo h esi the rear,os ad rvige papriAterm, to sthDowaoGerounetess tof ose,natlve modrareteon,rent rof 23 peinjuryn. Canr Nonlyambeonviewedb oLag,per,isooh tenanth addticon-l toy solicior, WalposhiraeI iMuostrae SCuffolk;uando Mesry. CfHinntc an'GasordhylauctiooeesAndcladgentslshr, 20, lrgegpaent-stare7et Coi~ mlletonedb DofwMedIca andeMisRclaneouds ldr%atrgeppe Craenan WILKllSON auithother cofunearpoety andoresworksiai ime tative ofa the fine ariets,ewisELf bye Aw ToN,s at rtheir House, =3, onellington-steet Sthrand, ond Wedchnesday, Febtrkary 1moareciseextra ad (euifuin o the onranreciqutria tworkstampS). t,in1 os.-h Magiu ok fDgae anificent. sembag of Gmjotnt-Bos,te roetyo an GConoiusTesauRoS Gee S. dEIG omuAtiqiteB. wind JOHlemn SSTls., WLKnS~e ON,er auctense Naoflieraryvls.g propertyan wborks illufstrtv ofthe faine art Ms, il SELLA bye latION, atic potshea House, 3,WellingThhon-stret,eStrnd, nFida"i.3Y,e F eebraytheo1ays 185.iommendcinalguesatd;fcloktpeciselry,o anificent aoussemblge hIghyvlal nmportantan lalCoetoBOOKS, theproertiofapolletorth compisig Omero'laistry of Cheshire,t Conlaetrgeppr wt , cOa T GTsoarn. e banond ByADowe: TTw istry ofL Duram on large foper daning Lan ay'sbl COLLsTIOry of rey BOnl,arge paer; gauri' Histor ydy,oG Iuetiver, th le ze c.aoriginl ey whee ition,fr e fo ilustratioAnts; Bl l:w oSo,rsameSold kinBsiblea'7vols. torymofrortho;poneslre llustrated: CluotherbuddleAgestoryofHroe-I ford,woll'sngewpe folioe'AtuonenfWihaspeare enlarg paper ; Shokpare's Meodernditlosir, comp aleteDin poarts;Moants HSupentory voflse, thef origina2vlsrae eian,onlagepaper -wogpitdeHomupraCle ofe1,000olats arscs, ebleaznt ated'byPDowse; ofhitlewae' R3bondshi, large paexr, Craen anlIDeWlalleron,with other oute,ythitres otsmiar imeaut-i onTlarg papr,owthprof and etchings, 2 i. nrdtremorocco extan;Rihra;n? aboe,autfuletofthesantiquarian w2orks Iof tautt, ineIutlesofthe variousdworks ofnudae awhd magnifimpesintse ofGrtvse pands large 85vr, onit 4rge paper;ona Mustr atibons an SWatgah,7vols., lagaae,coc veryifine setof the eleboratedand intcerzestn producions NofrPhcan nesr, ina22gei Thpew,oroofinbfinelecond vition.umeyobe adiwetiona days Imotn nialalolcio fBos ncuigaote ofblhe trationan a Libraphetry faneinn ols. rcoleutor. u;B an olio , Oayad Enlishvlubl Clasi.Lcs,3ols. oaf; AbotKsmiayolvelfound,fo clf;t~ LdgEe'snno,rtraitn,ru0vossa caclf;lln'tria ible,pon blue- 5 oa. ure morocco; Jons'erluinte'Bok o WtOO, 9idde olgs,mrccof Maoow~sel'anMewflioedition prntof onladipeare peinro3 hkpa secnd dton caf Baleaichtsionalry on andSupent8vi,caf traits 12ven olarg pae - Isomapn ids Hor~morcoesClegat;beo,auin;l Ilumnae illusPotrationsofr Frisart, by Huicmpes-exs,2 vin morotwcc legn t:ecointersPl of Befr.Poweasurel Wainemrocexr B Stca,I eameion, wiothe MS.tNore~ythe pe rao ~yF , beutfu cop,ei grleen moocfromsWsmnte be,lrg n hc Englishe Dictionay 2aint, calf;n Clnon'sidy Feail Heliens1i efoma nion lotveion,eclf;Notesubsandtueies, 12 tale not,and exceduinglfy u FRandanD WAle ad aorad proof A wtimpessosfthe piates, larg etwrdgieadirftionalellstatiedrnsiand0 matgcahs,ery einssak and eecte regrdedrsarocexpnse byo Mackenzife;tDbyi' Noret,wther Tour, loosarge p taper,pof beDaingsoforslttr wthnueoqusaddtionalf illus talotie ons e a ndatg h lwettineos,e vi, montcco legat uniqu ;, prlilotheCasixaedtroom, 1nd covenietten, calgit;anBiogffpicesU; arlaye.ya52 vain, rusesiave Oxfobdinglis Claesshecs,an 34o1sho. , caf;AbefandWver-boy, t2ogethcalf Lodt e' ab riut st, 10p o vateainnclfPairaDle Blale and latoyer. S vain,eturkeycmorocco; Heeren'sfWorks, 9 vin, dtrcalf Mooe' anruptcye-dieshto, entirely prited nIniaue papeOr, uerby copy inmooeco Lon's PhablanNihs an venCob na'sSron n - Iew Classical and Misoellancous Library. Il'[R. FRED. GODWIN will SELL by AUCTION, at Messrs. Ha1m ond and Riloart's Rooms, tianoery-lane, on Thursday, Febru3v 14. at 12 for 1 the valuable LAW, Classical. and Miscellaneous- TiRAY aboet 1200vohmnes, in morocco and calf bindings, thepropertyofthelateJamesDennis, Req May beviewed the daypstr. and cataloguesbad at the rooms; of K. G. Smithq, Rq, 5, New-inn, Strand; and of Mr. Godwin, 3, HalEn-terrace, Belgravesquar Fine Ash, Elm. Oak and Walnut Timber. -IR. HENRY NEWVS9N will SELL by AUTO-IY L TION. on Everett's Farm. Hwrtead, on Friday. FIbrrnury 22, ONF HUI4DRE)D and TEN capital TIMBERS, vi7, 36 ash, 41 elm, 10 oak, and 21 walnut. The trcee are particuIarly vorth the attention of the public, being of larse dimensions and fie quality. Hawstead in three mele3 from Bury St. Edmund's, Catalogues may behad of tho auctioneer. Buay St. Edmund's. FrecholdGrouadRent and large and smallinveatments, Bemond-sey, Surrey. being the Fhat Portion of theAbbey-bouse Rseate. .W. HUMPHREYS wfil SELL by AUCTION, at IYJ Guraw s. on Monday, rch 3, at 2, byorder of the Devises oftho late Mr. George Stevemn in 15 lots, valuabl FBREEHOLhD GROUED RENT of 24per amnum, arising out of eight houses gNo& lto 8, tier-street (northend), anaualalue £160; a lteeholdGround Rent of £24 per annum,sing out of eight hou3s, NOas 9 to 16, Rlley. street, adjoining annuvalue £10; *acapital Freehold Public-hours and Taver, the GineD of-Wale4s ley7-sreet, lecsed to Me=rcER2iott and Watue the eminent brwes at £105 per annum rent. Twelve FrTeehold 1weleng-houses and Shops in Elleystreet, ual olto £285. The-whole estate I 22new -builtwvithinthelastjlaruua alo viewvedhyleave of thetenants, klan and~paticularst,o b hdot M Phillips, ollector to the estate, 166, Bormondte-street; of MIr. Joseph Finton,19, Riley-treet, Russellstret, Beemondacy o2 llr. F zedic Hatton2, solicitor, 12, Easex-stee, Strand' of Ifs Thomas Hum.- 2ibr slidror, 1t, } mt Iandine il o PHILLIPS wil SELL b ¶TO tli greatRom&Newood-atoreet, T-nro~teltais. I rxec i sely,a CO0L LFMI 0 IN of CA B NErPeUE,aeefor tetaL4Germau, Flemish, and Frenh col,baanter during the last few years; also a selectino oe Wtrcl DrawigsabyrEnglishpOnters, marble bus fBleaEe rue, and raoisellmrJes, Mlay beviewod on odypedigtesl, Celiarof choio. Wines and PaleBRrands. ljrPHILLIPS wfil SELL by AUCTIOX, at him Al get Ro,msn, Me Bd-street, on rI day, iSth inat, at I zare claeny acil l s rexcelentoIrES fincludin Revderal btin R.olPotagfm to 0yas inbottle, tfsoe t hew SeLet n oleadIra,an a at preaneity oerofhaeru oargauxtor Lth O Claets sprklng nd til ycks,nnm wagne, r ucella,Cbls sudiatew os of cr enc and aiheeikashk wmtines. fone faleurad loftyrs winow, ray ewotastd raltwoDdtim sof ale% n catalogeotto three days prior.odof he oy Canpital s odemFuritue fortwo llied minodenBlirTal,nO mentals forect, recen6Ugtgy turhaedM orDO farde-caeiteiec Wueactbofetera es,i Syepark.uac ,20fetb ideord. PHIeetlIPS 2 begs to asnounedibatl-a wilSEn adapted tute apatmns tDrsonda fadinnrwagnable esides consiltngot seljeta of cirf imso an bDambrsl drclrandathe cutainsfrfofasndtbre inlofty wndows, rew Andalnthrwardrsofes, couhestg ottdawomasn aduligadothertal,i chitticoveredswithanthesamerih aterial,mova centreand fancym abled Fierc tbldseds,wt sulorentineinsssgs, ac. nih obleete caietc, in wlenustws, with-gase, back, Diclanenou deoaitine end otherals laroepperty Mande chimey dayssprenlive th, gil t fameltr, careb r awiat4ngd ctandgrpianofort Linbwalnut woo]kEf Case, aBcapital bIlard adtiaable ae frmwtellwuod reof d theR Tere It, eate bedasI grall them% moem Bmproveme.n Tusdaay,dios boudoir sute n foflsofasingd cair cIeredlpy wit greeno Uthech Evelveto andh curtain of he Sametb forto ewndw, th reexe richyIURE dcortglas luis, taefoliSandbo clights:f plthedanin roomedfurniturebcosistbof ofdeboar sdl feet- lof g)rintLr prtfl( fdwnsand 0feth'bengr,anob rocco mel[arneouaist eforrespond, diner wgetons sid tWables ancientn 1mdchairsthre hachber l apendgs doesge prinuoarl anotcd mahulro includeiseveran igdanttesarrbs het fdawr,ws A nsaglafurpet, and ObjenchtesofAteads,suerior judding &mcrte decoativ an seul ropet,mabevwd the daynpiecedin IW HLLIPS iswntueedt SELL by A.UIOG.t i IV o, thsgreat Rouses, New Bond-street, on Tuesayoo2sdayn., ath 1hIntad followinEMLGda ofallprcisely,Aby orDerOfAthed.xetooof te laeuJon-Smiub, Fs the ex ni.cln FIndTG.E, Usecrain. chia, alan rones,chst f pateandplacdare k, valuable l(ibr Cofcebooks and bookshof prints,tport rolioofdaiganegrvns anm Hceaeo rffcs, begso the anollcinof vhalubl ancen is'M jM'JtractHILd PStio SELL by AUCTION, at hi1Ro 1,1efoft atret on n Tuwe od-tee,onTusday, tirisan.a reiT~a aabe COst kn.a TIJONfDlTC-andFLEMinHe1TRraisace andedwothictaste, (Ineludingwcabrinet,cales,g prtcummdesanbufets ors, dth-, valuabl l Siviws, Dresde, Orientau,san Wegoooreain.Ol WDareneSpinr mianisellzuware, iemgof bnouteriersandolpate,woxoohreandplqur. earTs-ine,s anchienronzes vasDes A(cp,by'oceo and otlsinctsa d o eemrbk restng mscelanis, ay b vieed he dy pior odte ab, oario acknowledgede tasteM.atai jIJ.PHILLIPAVegOto nnoncet at be isin structe toSL RACIN thslooms,NwBodstet.BoI2 t nst. stree, onTuesdy, 2thenstant dvlatb rcsly aube CfIOLLE. jdment, from newnecHAb innets whrichaesee diprewtito latJew yeary, includeing Prtolat rlaey Wanrneir, Objeth as vcalraivurty nin, Itzu: thveBackgmmnd PlayersCi, and Itwmsofhe examples, D. Teni er;P HarLing Wode indstrcape,oSL by Moce;Anoter wThbIldngs and fisgures, by Vnan dewydn aond-srat oanderelde:2t Poeticatlr Landscy, by cllatoudeVrain and ChiOd,RbY;Ade Sonsaringo andletheres om qal mienserith by hvainpeioseoeabilat T chalekextensvanieof Vn estr Vernetm Z- Ietecher BEgaST- atd EuANSOh realetfU folyben viewed Saturnoday andeMonarypeiu toth sl, and rorfllwn ate aousthen'loI4b hadero. h xrtr ftelt & aad h e3 extensive Sn ale al TC of UeuaadOnament a hns, PaDiemGroup ante PLATEDPAILTLIPS oif SheLLe bys manufctIOre at Messrs ATOregareatd ooms, New Bonde-street, on Wdneday theary20th ist. allnpecsel, and exsitensiveanfcetax and vaualeCOSINersT sieoarOd. STdosewanediothersCHnA,dewinne-rdservies opth newestbpatternsand, enihmns eeat dessert. ta,cfe,adbalsteris pne, inv Sos rbjcs, rchly. gitrobeanigetlett ects,fuglland th srious rotoethastesfrdmsi meenoble vAsesON intsuthesr grate andm eKnrich redwth raSed flwes ineansatchrases, Perary.26 an. Dsuitch groups and Enlirsh mterra ctt andlchin a mll oser pots, ane-, numo erou items foaQergy athe, cn servatr, tenudcempns.m go, ha be %vreawmelthoa daypitlwrecedingthe sle, ad cataloesthen had. sJes,ley. Bojethi, Pluerate, PledgWar, Oiebjects Vf decoratieekr.an iur e,t- Fairesn o the Chi nae,b Gez , ao items ofVase. fPrAb S.d Mot PHInIP isistute oSELbyA TdeION thsgetRos NrewfBendsreeo Frhida,p t laie resomrnamnt enrdikoewthr vaispeco bbsoetsoar,n. rigoCarged sie,and sevea oter,.e CiTh ruis,eerls,on diamods aneaelled odmuis Gandiohrnf beyoxes. glhTandsoe plated ware odarutreand caaothruecoratiefd. tr. Sirre ~ ~ FnePros and oretathichcoks irnzeadg abe rus,a. AI,ESSROS. CHRISTIE and 3IANSO-N respectfuly, F3 ive notice, that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at their grcat~ Rooam , King-street, St. James'ssqur,THISaturay. Februr 11, nadfIoprfosllo,n daveysan otoay FOLEbTINa 18,an four folloAing days, tlo'cok byr order of theAEecutrsof the lateeentr Wofod thes carerta ethpensiveandvaluableSTOCKgofancitenthand mofhsadestnPoL&E andPLthiestad iCLE ofm thses veryu btaest manufllactureof ofh.latesr-ouncs, andth consicstinges ih h xig of anicetsvesachdwaster sindfeboard. sandtesewaterodisess andlewtesd wta thgrarestcr and cusjupgerbcntduarangcandlestickeas. epegas urns viewdtcoayktls, treeadandgcoffee cqualages 2iWobuands, omunr-Lionpae, sih oupsandsioauce tures excelleand othrd- dishes,ilaes,saToe-mors.owve, Forks,Z atdspoons axelnd evmpNw5aj acothe geryiextensbive andespt irsok fofhurepetmandFencSheffild, plteda ae gosorfaphrdseng upwadd fahude chestre-peoe dand, tarble-tornwaments,and h sbetokfmdewarn odlyandbe3esm trinketssa Mabeviewbedrooan caalgesnwbd cluPicturesd,a of LaCgialerevinan, dcased, yenotec charr mrbe-op i cbeamnier, hl~rlcy7gSatus,grdaydoleshrnd or. Doutuch,Fec,andeles suites ofdmastes windtudcurtainsmalcoletion gthe-'l prosplertyof ucaclerabranydecease,and cmprdisfin the HolFamiya caitebald wee of Raffacin delt Gerro theaepoy ofp thle -oyFnsIm sdscapts,b Both, teuversrand. Btegarn, Liin,gelass, V.mde ltneer. and,. Mzant' aePairwof Chiden day befreue an 3GreadVe of Pari, an cta SogdesBeamont;e and essLrncof Gr.'refler 4, pplipnet No. R%BuomncreHondtkoet. aeas-hr arideo Ibbts ofti=lt Gudr TeuC-12le Guardfbokm i R0 z o aeynGolds,Ed DiMayeviwd threM me dWaysdrecedn, -etBocs and cataloges had .IRgv notceRha thewl SELL by AUCTION.,a(byeordreat Roo, ingtre Eeut, S.rames's-square,onSatuday Fe.0 a pe Wednsed,avey, cobmple 1tehCEtIO2 ofo) the EGmAVE]tWOR, thUpesnItUtiE. comprising nearlthere whoedofohimealist worns ins statesocrors, coaeolletdwihtegraetcaead uget uig tore and ffets. o, ndEfct EfP. TP03NUR wi SELL by AU-CTION, at heT A Pr3emiss Tomrow5 e2,aT 12 excelENtZG Februay Fremncgmapd , mahogan,bandsIrodfour-pos and Farmtrenchs beost-l] steds,gooe fathrbed-stand bedding,swardrobes, chestsoofs,rswirst marbl-top washtands,o twowiet abls, cohevol d dbaressoicgglsss and .w themusual bedroomFampndge-es ewd drawingg romFurnitureDelr, inc- cha.irs,emarbe-top cheffoiEsq, t chme-glsss AgCIraOes, andth o:remenu canelirs,suTesofdamrask window cur.tains wthe gemiand.g bras ol crnce. mhoan pllr nd la dnig abes, ucderstaj: saidebard matogayfoura-oin lanother.teadryscpteals b-digaydclo,Bins.- ees arpets,lrugs, fenestsandmwireios, cina,gls, and othetablenutanceais. ay. cbe inewead thle dgaybefor wahand mmn f ae ndct. Diamondings,tined.Wausridroe,' 12-Icek and Efetwoohes -PSSR -wil SVMFELL byi AUCTORN, b ore ofrucex yteutoprsetr, non sineo the Prmie, em Bron-carescent,o To Smiths, Farriess Bmrokrs and others-A Ton of Old Iron Pair- Forge Bellows. Two Anvils, Vices Barrows a lathe, andFive ka-ckz. Oats and B3-ans MESSRS. B3OND and SON vill SELL byAUC-. .11TION, at their large' Rooms £1, Seyrnour-street. Ruston'euar. on Thursday. February 14, at I prechiely, HOUSEHOLD F.UItW-NTURF, of the usul deBcripliAn, and a quantity of imisceIlaneouep items. May bviewediho day prier andeataLlogaes had. At 33O0TFa Warehouse, 21, Budge-row, on Thursday, Feb. 1i t. 2 o'c-lock precl,ely, on aceount of whomitnay concern (-%NE Thousand. Yards sumperfine Broad Cloih axn& ~Dossins, lackand rde geen, ,000pair seAven and elshb' - 4 aimr ib'newathesand Walmes, 100eM wrtngesksr, teacadIes, anikL iVEST. atthe Drum Inn, Walmer, onTuesday, Feb.26,1 at2 fur3 tip the aLfteroou. (~ ENTEEL etached Lesehold MaIne R3 edec ownasClaononCotag, cmmndng irunrvaleose vtw Pritedpaticlam myboadat he ffce f r. .Bnd de,sl.
