DEATHS. On the 24th of Novembebr, IS. at 31ean Meer, Lalere, LTeut thares . 1aniel, th engl Liht avary~aged 23, second -on of Jaeatue igentflameie, Eaj., of E sher, Surrey. On the ltth ult., at ronediere, se. Chytopher, after a veny brief MtIne2, Jin 1 ineerC, the baoved s,hfe of Chase aunpinghat to es tureloss of a tender and a2e1ctaioathide androth foer. t onsof thc lae SOa the erbL lust., att.orino*. on thesw hoena Artillery, dtepenA nel tb itheird soeortawhe. mot.he Rndll,argecrclf oarghal, torsolkn On the Ilth itSt o deephly ^lamueented and raue Coreset.Eead,Agnes ner Lends, On the thc nsIt., at osetehissre,eSt EriCh, s-op ey,e aqv, late of Balltne, Ann tagaet 5 thyea beoied a ife. o hs unnhmJns On Saturay, the 12th inse., at her house 3, Bedford-pac, ensingt Ton.tJem, t idow of John Davie, Esq., opfaingha'n., ae orfol 40n tLhe ISthinst., at MDm-nin.gtonlcrescent,a Ambrose Srnith, Fc., aged SL' On the 13th instd ae plth, Entendouisa, eldest daugheer of Hem CarOthelne,h ino.f iaae Caleonianet CliRtone Capto F. R. Cnglen, M.ea I.ed62. On the 14th inst.. at his reiencAe, Ereeth, G', Lulern Ash, late, of hesOfEcenof in oots,he in t eh year of his age. 3 s Nyd rri rL vdert-seer :oltg3teed{3 *of WesCoourne-terroe, Oa ehe lith inSe, bEsq 1veashreo Cahof thelIate OttI6hls.o e avoe, Idothrhithe, in bis On the lIth inst., afterannhortOnresce bti ABrooke$ of SIt Fh,bo cired ag1. 01 On thel6th inst, at Rugby, George MLo ris, Esqd, aged 72. On the 16th inst., ELaza, the beloved wife of atr. George t aboygn, Math. aged82, On the 16th inst, at the Giuseno thne sRee.t. Willam Leesh, in. ofe er year of Wosa, the Reh othea ofthi asssealeutorofthe Weslthe 1Thtestgia irncttuis on,gafd, usq.,oWetureera On the Ilth inst., Miss ivdsteest,o Caina, wilthie.o uutu H Onter 18th ns, at Bildeto, Susola, raucer of the lateOwe OntIelt i t George r , aged 72,
-af(F]IhfRKBTandC.7TINTBLLIGENCE. bhuriay Evening. 'The excitement on the Stock-Exchange to-day has Uemnasgreat asupon any occasion within recollection. The funds have experienced a total range of oae tha!3percent.,,and.theoperations were exIzeaylarge and numerous from the commenceoronet to the close of business. The -opening prices 'ot onscos weie the sine -as -those -reached after guar hoinis liit-evening-namely, 871 for money zand 87 for the account. A dm3afid for stock soon bteame obeervable, and upon the publication of the secondedition of The Times, announcing the unconditionAlaeieptinoe by Russis of the- Austrian pro. _osals, ixudden rise occurred, amid the most extra.ordinaryiigitation, to 88t for money, whence there -was oon,a furthermovement to 90j, while for the ;*coount bargains were entered into at 001, the zmarket being supported atthlis periodby intelligence -of a rie of more than 4 per cent. on the Paris Bourae.u Subsequently the phrase used in the telegraphic accounts from Vienna, that the propositions halevbee iaccepted as a "basis" of negotiations, created i feeling of distrust, in consequence of the ,experierpe last winter of the manner in which Russia *greed toc the four points then demauded, and a rcioii took place to 894. The latest general fransactions, however, were at 89a to § for money sn&89ito901- for the 7th of February. Ultimately 'thl e ws again a tendency, to diiminished firmness; 3Xt the operations were not sufficiently definite to -utaNisl any important change in quotationsC !Mroughotifthe-entire day much of the uncertainty -that prevailed was caused by the non-appearance of any MI;nsteria confirmation of the news, many jetscfeelingconfident that if it were true the * Goverment, looking at the effect it must have on :U departments of trade, would have lost no time in 'nsnsmitting i to the MIansion-house in an official form. It was only at a late hour that the fact trsired of' Sir Hamilton Seymotir having -ormwaded from Vienna an exact confirmation of ili event, and, consequently, many persons left the sity without being,fully assured with regard to it. in respect to the disposition to weaken the force of the communication by attaching importance to the -use of the word " basis," it was remarked that the proposals were necessarily never put forward as -anything but a basis. for a treaty; and it appears that the private advices from Vienna this afternoon utate that Count Nesselrode had informed the Austrian Envoy that they were accepted purely and simply 'as the foundation of preliminaries of peace. Bank Stock closed at 207 to 209; Reduced, 90 to -iJ; New- Three per Cents., 909 to A; Exchequerbonds, £, to j; and India-bonds and Exchequer3As, 6s, to 2s. discount. In foreign securities, also, a large amount of busiieal ws transacted. Turkish exhibited the principal adv*nce, the operations in the Six and the Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stocks being on a very exten- re cale. Yesterday the Six per Cents. closed -8. To-day they opened at 845, advanced to 87h, -nd then receded to 85.;, ultimately leaving off 86L. Mhe extreme range has consequently been 47 per eent., and the rise about 31. The transactions for money wrere at 87, 8Gj, 87k, and 86, and for the ac*-eoun at 84w, 87j, 86k, 871, i, , S6, 86-., and 8.51. The Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip closed yester-iday 3q to j dis., and was first dealt in to-day at 2k. :Buinck then took place at 01, but, sellers again -3ppeaxii6, there was a decine to 2. The final quoIatiou iWs 2to 1- dis., showing an improvement of -about 1X per cent, All other stocks were higher:- 3Brazilian Five per Cents., 99; Chilian Three per Cents, 64; Danish Three per Cents., 841; Ecuador, -5; the' New Consolidated, 14; Granada New Active, 19k and A; Mexican, for the account, 2ol, 20,19 , and 20k; Peruvian, for account, 76 and 5'6-; the Three per Cents., for account, 52; Portuguese Four per . Cents., 47 and 474; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 87X; Sardinian Five per Cents., 82X and 85; for the account, 86 and 85; Spanish Three per Cents., 39; the New De.ferred, 22X, i, and :; Passive, 6Q and 0 ; the -Certiic*tes, 42 and -; and Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 64. In Russian Five per Cents. the previous transactions F. ore at 95, and the nominnl quotation to-day was 98 to 100. The nial prices from the French Bourse this ceveninifailed to arrive; but the Three per Cents. -opened- at 67f. 50c., and almost immediately ad- vanced to 67f. 70c., which is equal to an improvement of 41 per cent. on the qtotations of the pre- -ceding day. The Ben Nevis has arrived from Melbourne with 4S,000ounces of gold, valued at 18O,00.07 The news of the morning had no particular influence- on the money-market, and there was still a good. demand at the Bank of England. In the amidst of the political excitement the question as to the probability of any further Advance of the rate of discount ceaved to have any importance. The -Mrriv, of specie to-day and yesterday, amounting to 355,MWL0., likeewise tended to remove anxiety on ttat point. In thie markets for Russian produce there waS considerable agitation, and a disposition to suspend <perations until calmer opinions can be formed. Tallo',which was yesterday at 67s. per cwt., has receded-to 62s. 6d. to 63s. This not being market-day on the Corn-Exchange, the effect on the price of wheat could not be ascer'runed.'- The opening of the market to-morrow will 'le regarded-with much interest, and great fluctua-.tions are expected. IXRdc ncing-lane the variations in colonial produce lwere not extensive, but there was a generaltendoncy to incurased firnness. The rise to-day in. Consols, notwithstanding the : large eipcnditure in the present as compared with former wars, was not nearly so great as in previous -instancee of the announcement of peace. On those - occasions, however, there was a vast difference in - the point to which prices had first descended. At thru peace with Fraiim ilS01 thore . s. an improvenent from o59 to .66, and shortly afterwards -to 70. After the treaty of Aniens, in 1802, the ;movement was from 70 to 79. On the restoration .-of the 1Bourbons, in 1814, it was from 61i to 70X; -and after the Battle of Wvaterloo it was from 53& to 591. There was great excitement at the vhole of the Icoffce4ouses to-day when the intelligence respect;Sng pea,e w as first announced, particularly at the :Iltic, among the merchants and brokers connected -with te Russian trade. Among the Greek firs -the intelligence was evidentIy received with dis-favour. At Lloyd's, the North and South Ameri-an, theJ `erusalem, and the Jamaica coffee-houses he fisation created was most remarkable, and, .notwitstanding doubts were attempted to be throwfn upon the authenticity of the information, the * mavorit vieweed it with confidence, and conducted rtheir t`an ui*tions in accordance with it. - At a meeting of the London Joint-StockBankj, :IaeId telday, the dividenddelazred was at the rate of .12;. 10I( per cent. per annumn, together with a bonus -of 14s.:,3d per share, which is equivalent to 19,0 per cent., and the report and accounts were unam-nously adopted. It. wt - stated by - the chairman . 3er)t thet busines of the establishmeilt i.s making satifactory p r, and that the lo..e isurou}giout the lat 32 months have been compar - I -rtively limited. In aruwer to questions it wag men- 'ioned'that'the value of the Exchequer-bills and J'dia- -ndas referred to in he aocounta u ba ed on .the price of the day, and consequently shows a -temporry depreciation; but that it is hoped a favourible change [will now take place. The exjenditiz3 has been 31ightly increased, through re- centMui'Jn&'i b jdiz&s dan. &aftton to clork ' salarieks. Annexed is an abstract of the report and accounts :- - "The directors have to present to the shareholders the accounts of the hank, which showr that the net profits realised during the past six months and the balane of 25,1247. brought farward on the 30th of June last amount to 80,3557.. by this result the diresths are enabled to declaroes dividenld st the rats of 121.lOs. per cent, per annum, and-a bonus of 14s. 3d. pershare, and tocarythesum of 1057. to the credit of the guarantee fund, which now amounts to 160,8l% =. The dividend and bonus, free of i- come-tax, will be payable on and after Friday, the 25th i ist. e ARMIM AmN- Asnzrr, Mor:ox, Dxc. 31, 185i Tax Losnos Jonre-aocat Bsu. DR. S. 4 ts Tortal paid up-vit 60,000 shares, ait £0 ach . 60D0 0 To amount duo by the han.. .. b..n6,241,59415 9 To amount of 'Ith guirantee fund,' j S0thofJune185 ... . .. *£153%3 -0 S 8 To si months' Interest on ditto, at 3 prceent.pera:num .,37511 1 160.74312 7 To undiuided profit for the last haV-year.. 35.124 9 2 :-To a6outcaniodto profit andloss account .. . 92,106 9 4 £7,1,574 6 10 On. £. ad. 3y Exchequer-bills adIndia-bonds .10.9°51l 8 BY cash, lonsr, bills discounted, and other securties 0,230,073 1S 2 By buiding. furniture,- 5c, in Princes- - I street. .. .. .£30200 0 a i By building, furmiture, a., in railn-mit 8,375 0 0 3K,57M 0 0 i J:~~~~~~~~~~7,W2,574 6 lo Pzorrr Asn Loss AccouT or O ni LoSN-ox Jornr-SOCKoc Ba-X | o SOS 51E ALF-YEAB. ES-DD;G DEC. 31, I3S. D2nw £ ILd. T. cumut expena propoDltion of budding cxPense |- directore remunU=enton.baddebts, inCome-ta3X & .. 23.679 7 S :To amout carried to prfit and loss, new account, being rebate of interest on bills discounted not yet due .. 23.196 10 I To amount transferred to tho creditof the guarantee fond, in addition to tlb above amoUat of £160,74S L 7d. .. .. ... .. 105 a 6 To dividend ccount for the payment of balear's dividend, at the rate of £121 per cent. Per annum, upon 4 £600,000. Lmount of paid-up capital upon 60,000 shares 37,500 0 0 To ditto for the payment of a bonus of 14s. 3d. per share 42,75 0 0 £127,230 18 6 By CB . £ s. d. !y Bbalnueebrought down.. 92,106 9 i unBy vdivided prolit brought iorward from last half-year 35,124 9 2 £127,230 18 6 A meeting of the English and Australian Copper Company was held to-day, when, after a lengthened discussion, it was agreed to accept the offer of Sir William Foster to purchase the Spitty Works for ,50,0001, which was alleged to be nearly the price I the company paid for them. An adjournment for a 'month, to considerthe question, was suggested, but tit was stated that the financial necessities of the un- dertaking required an immediate decision, to prevent affairs from being thrown into Chancery, or oven reduced to a wvorse extremity. The future management, it is proposed, shall be concentrated upon the South Australian property, the latest advices regarding which are considered more encouraggin At the Court of Banlamptcy to-day the affairs of Messrs. C.J. Mare and Co. were again brought under consideration. Owing to the voluminous nature of the accounts, the balance-sheet has not yet been completed, and an adjournment of the last examination wastherefore agreedto. The assignees expect to declare a first dividend in March or April next, and it is estimated that an ultimate payment of lOs. in the pound may be realized.
TR2ADE REPORT. Thursday Evening. SuGAm-There was but one publicsale, of 209 hogsheads, 36barrels, and 250 bags foreign muscovado, which were taken in above the market value, althougLh there were bids at Is. per wLt. ad-ance, the rumours of peace having induced buvers to come forw-ard. CO}TEE.-There vas a steadv demand, and nearly the whole of 236 casks and 100 bags plantation Ceylon at auction were disposed of at 60s. Gd. to 64s. 6d. for fine fine ordinary to middling coloury. 180 bags native Ceylon were taken in at 54s. for good, and 2,4 baskets and 100 halfbales Mocha at 80s. Cocniu&L.-93 bags in public sale to-day were mostly bought in at previous prices-viz., 10 bags Teneriffb silver, low ordinary to good ordinary, 3s. Gd. to 3s. Sd. ; 6 bags ditto black, ordinary to good, 3s. lld. to 4s. 2d. ; 27 bags Wonduras silver chiefly withdrawn.
STATE OF TRADE. MANCHESTER, JTr. 17. The markeit was a little firmer, if anything, after the news came to hand that Russia had accepted the peace proposals ; but in general too little credit was attached to it, after so many contradictory rumours, to permit its having much effect, and there was not much increase of business. Sellers were less disposed to yield lower terms, both in yamn and cloth, than during the last few days. The business done has been mostly in longeloths and T-cloths, and in yarns for the Mtediterranean, which rema quite firm. N;OTTING I, eJ.,L . 17. The hosiery trade is very brisk in most of its departments, the spring demand having now folly developed itself. In the lace trade- the influenie of the weather has been adverse to an active business being done, and the season has hardly yet set in. There are a few foreign buyers in our mzark-et, but their operations are checked in consequence of the frost, the tlbe, the principal artery of continental navigation, being frozen, which occasions a difficulty in effecting shipments. In yarns no alteration.
THE CORN TBADE. ?XAWf(lITrFCq% 3T.x- 17 The improvement noted in our last report continued up to Monday. a good consnuptive demand for wheat and flour being experienced daily at prices rather exceeding those then current; while as regards :other articles a firmer feeling was aparent, without, however, leading to any material increase of business. Since Monday a somewhat quieter tone has prevasled, owing to the weather having become mild anddamp,and also to rumnour of the probability of peace. With a prevalence of contrary winds the imports from abroad at Liverpool are ctijawreek exceedingly light. From freland the sarivals of Oats are f tairi and of oatmeal large. ! Tbe dulness noted for the last fewv days was further increased at our a rket thlsumorning by a report per telegraphto the effect that Russia aduncouditionally accepted &bs propositions for peace su ittei b the Western Powerm; indeed, so great was the disinclination for buss nun on the part of buyers, that scarCely a transaction occurred, and ve repeat nomily the quvot,ations of thin day ee'nuight. A oee BIM NGHA, TA.;. 17. At Glocester market on the 12th wheat was Is. to 2s. per quarter (asrn At Worter. the ssso day, as advanei of 2s. per quarter wasobtained. Barley ls. per quarter dearer. Oatd, bssi and peas unaltered in value, but al were lirnly held. During the present week there has been lit'le hfe in the wheat trae, tut the Fales reported are at an improvement of about 2s. per quarter. B'arley is. per quarter higher. Mlore doing in 0oti, at previous rate3. Beans and pens only taken in retaiL. At WYolverhampton. yesterday, wheat uas 2s. per quarter higher, and the maillers ada nced the retail prce of imour Ss. 4nt perkack. At this day'b market there wsaf f email shoa of wheat, and the trade opened atan advance of 2.t per quarter, but clo3ed veryodul at 2s. per qtarter under the rices of thio day week. Barley a sgow i ale at the currency of this dy se'lmight. Oats only taken in retail parcels, o Beans and peas held for previous seris. I sRTOfk J7Is. 17. The improved feeling in the corn trade noticed last wee'x baa subsequently been folly sustained for wheat and barley. On the former atn advance of s, to 8s., and on te latter Is, per quarter has been obtained;on today's market, ho ever, the telegraphic new3 announcing inuedsatepeaceba utterly paraledthetrade, ndintheatoence of tranasachou3 our quotations must be considered altocether nominaL. I Vheat.-lfamburg, Baltie, Ba., fine red, Sw.,to 86 ; Spanish, Partu- ;gue, ,.red and white, to 84s; Brailow,(alat,c,soft, 76gto al:,Danube. k:, soft, 71g. tO 73g, per 4SOlb., Englsh, red and white, old, Oln to 84g.* dltto. new,l,6 to} as., per ImprEial quarter. IBariey'.-E gli goo to dniemalting, 41s. to 44s.; ditto grinding a nd distllery, 3Ss.to 4Cs. 3primpeefal qarter: . orei2r, ditto, heavy ,3r, to3 g, per4001b. O; -Weliha Devon. black and white feed, 2 to 2G i m rial quarter; Irish Idlndried. white fine, and ditto, vlat; r2rdt.3lL per 320b; ditto. tawny, 26d.to 27L. ditto, fnu black. 263. to 26a. d ; ditto, infeTior, 25g to 25. 61., eer 3041b. Beam-Foreign;, 4; to 46g per 4SOlb.; English, 48g tu 52a. impeialequarter. ?lour.-Engllk, good seonds, 5&s. to 61. per lb. Anziraks Bt risto for tho Week ending Jan, 17.-Oats-Irlah, 2,496 barrel. aBrley-foreign, 310 aurters Flour-Irish, 10 sacksforeign, 30 barels, locestr, J 12 fBe oreign, ,170 quarter,, I Averages for the Week eedlng sJ&nanI_I-Brlst*L-Wheat, 353 Quarters, 72g.; Oats, 562 quarte 26lO ; Barley, 4,96 qoArerm, 34g. lid, beman, ST qunirters 49s. 20d. GLASaOW, JAir,; 16. WCh ATe had a week's frot. Cosawise and from Ireland ths piles hayiheezr unlnportant;'thers were nonefroxm abroadb te Glyde; and iA Grangemouth onl'740qtereof wheat from benmtark. 'There was a more genrl consumDtive demand during the wee whlch has tihtened prices. dla market was pretty we'd attended by town and country buyer, W heat met a fair retail inquiry ; home wag 6d, dearer per 2401b., ad foreign the ter, in sellerefavour. Baley improved d. per =Lb, Otir articles,underwernt no material change. CRYSTAL P~LkCz.-Retinm of Admisai6ns for Sis Days ending' Saturday, Jan. 12.-Number admitted, inacluding aeeAon ticket holder.m 5,140; amountteceived for tdmiMsioni, -188. l6s. One Shillin. day, Jan. 17.-AdMiSRiOng M ?ent, 840; ditto by seeqn tiokqtC, 170.
RIZWAY AVD MINING SHABES, '[hursday Evening. The railway-market was generally active, and quotations showed an improvement which was fairly supported. The ne averaged in tho early wiart of the day from 2g. to 21. lOs. per share, -but there was subsequently less buoyancy, and they closed at an established advance of about 31. 10.s. to 21. per share. Large speculative purchases occurred in the morning. Australian land'and bank shares were negotiated at higher prices, but the operations were not extensive. Canada Lan recovered about 81. to 101. per share, bargains having been effected at 12S and 140. -The Last quotation was 135 to 140. Dlining and miscellaneous securities were generally firner.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. MANICHESTER, SHEFELD. AND LfNCOLUNSRMP It appears from a statement respecting the rolling stock of this con pany that they have 115 engines, 50 first-class carriages, o9 second-class, 110 third-class, 25 horse-boxes, 11 trucks, 29 luggage-vans, 49 break-waggons, and 3,969 goods-waggons. Tlhe total cost of the engines and tenders to the 31t of December last was 283,2691., and of the carriages and waggons 330,2581,; total, 613,5271. The total number of miles run by the trains during the half-year ending the 31st of December last was 1,000,925, and by the engines 1,07'4,249. The number of hous durinm which the engines were in steam was 139,834, a'ainst 144,233 hours at the corresponding period bf 1854. floe cost of the fuel consnmed per hour was 3317d., as ag ainst 33-28d., and per mile 1-,32., as against 2-2Sd. at the corresponding period of the previous year. The number of trains run durag the past half-year for the conveyance of passengers was 17,345, of which 11,566 are recorded as having arrived in time, and 5,781 as having arnied above five minutes after time. Thb number of goods trains was 7,155, of which 4,132 are stated to have arrived in time and 3,023 above five minutesafter time. There were 2,70S coal trains, of which 781 are stated to have arrived in time, and 1,927 above five minutes after time. The average number of carriages in the passenger trains was 6f; of waggons in goods trains, 31A; andof waggons in coal trains 22. The locomotive superinitendent reports that the rollng stock is in a most efficient state. DUJNDEE A)D ARIlOAT. A special meeting of this company was held on Saturday at Dundee, to consider the question in reference to the proposed elrnetual lease of the line by th6 Aberdeen and Scottish. b dtand Railway Companies, and to receive the resignations of all the directors, except Messrs. Ferguson and Coller; Mr. Armitstead in the chair., MIr. HoRse moved that the resolutions of tho 17th of September be rescinded and the agreement abandoned with rept to leasing the line. lt'rvost Lyo10 seconded the motion, and it was carried. The CEiAnsmsL, in accordance with a previous arrangenent, proposed that the nine vacancies in the direction caused bytheresignations at the last meeting, should be filed up bythe election of Messrs. Curr, Lowson Hean, Gibson, Dckson, P.rovost Rough, Provost Lyon, Stuart, and T1. Cooper.- Mr. HIosE seconded the motion, and explained that those with whom he acted in the matter had thought that, in case any difficulties should arise in consequence of rescinding the resolution for leasing the line passed on the 17th of September last, the mana-ement should be left in the hands of local gentlemen. Thelarge section of the shareholders who objected to that agreement had chosen the new directors selely on account of the respect and confidence with which they wore regarded in Dundee and in the neighbourhood of the line, and it was thought exedient to leave the manageanent stiUl in the hands of loc311y resident gentlemen. The motion was unanimously agreed to, and-the proceedings terqmiated. TRA C RETUNS. Miles Pas- Me:- Toetl, Total Railwaya open. ngers. chandise. 1. 15;, Week ending Dec. 22. Ontario, 8irmce, rnd Huron 94 .. .. .. - .. 1,115 Weel- ending Dec. 30. East Anglia.. -. - . -.. 638 Week ending Jan. 3. ZarisAntonia .. .. - .. - -. - .. 205 .. 175 Week ending Jan. S. Aberdeen and Scottish Mid landJunctiou . . ..115 .. - .. - .. 3,277.. Z671 Week ending Jan. 6. Eiatol and Exoter .. .. - .. - .. - .. 5,472.. 5,251 London, ilbury, and South- end Extension . . .. - .. t787. 94.. 672 Week ending Jan. 12. Waterfond and Limerick . 77 .9. - . - . 936 78S North-Easterm . .. 703 . - -. - f. 26,367 . 24,826 Week ending Jan. 13. Antwesp and IEotterdam .. - .. 314 .. 293.. 613 Birkenhead, Lancasbire, and ChesbireJunctionx.. .. - .. - .. - - 1,690. 1,770 CheaterandHolyhead 3..... - .. - - 3,970 . 3,672 Dublin and Belfast Junction 56 .. - . -. 97.. 833 Eastern Counties, Norfolk * and XasternmlUnio ...417 .. _. . .. 20,199 . 8. 18,92 Eas lancashire .. .. 93 .. - .. .. . 5,775 .. 5,605 Great Westemr .. - , - -. 21,83. 21,210 LaucashireandYorkhire 251 . -. - S,12' 18 21 LondonandBlackwall .. - .. 1,151. 75 1.226 1,215 Oxford. Worcester, and Wod- verhamPto .. .. ..9 .. 1,375 ..1755. 3,13D 2,765 Mfidland Great Western (Ire- land)... ..1..4-...L4s 6.. 2 S7. . 2,734 IManchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnsbiro . .. 173 5.. - . 8,562 . 8,2 Midland.4... . 4 6 - - .926,090 24,177 Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford . .. -.:: - . 702. 590 North izitish .. 149 .1',575 3,270 43845 4,229 Scottish Central .... .. - .. - - . 2,206 2,418 Sbrewsburyandtirmingham - .. 7.. - -- 1.332 1,207. Shrewsburyand Chester - - - .2,311. 1,847 Sbropghire Union .. .. 291 - - 7331 7S1 ' This amrount includes the traffic en the Liverpool, Crosby, and South-. rortline, which isntincludedin theen.esponding period.
UHZIOK OF THE TWO - UN!rVEBITIES OP ABERDEEN. ABERDEEN, JTAX. 16. "Two Un iversitles in Englandaand'two in Aberdeen" is a joke of such long standing as to. bear intermal evidence that Itoriginatea when Universities- were fewer in Eng. ha*d thanhenow axe So far as the joke mnay be considered as miade at the. expense of Aberdeen there -is per. isap nisfairness, inasmuch as,. both withini its Universities amd without, there haslbeen aconstantly recorring agtation 'to ge-t rid of the aniomaly durinig no less than -109 years. MI2ere has been more than a:- century of'consideration. It is to be hopedthat during the e..j, gsession of Parliament there wvll bd a few hours of well-advised action;- the absuLrdi-ty 'wfil then. be no m ore.,... - .I it ee 'ptyif readers atadistance from the sjC twere to dr herenewed-agitatlonon this ~ueslion w ch has .occupied the educated portion of the public in and around Aberdeenduringmnuch of the two past years;as: merelylocal uestios It is on the contrary,. merely the be;inning -of the sttement of the mnuch.Tequired reform of ite five ei.- isting Universities of Scotland. I In the town of Aberdeen there is c~ommonly sought out by the stranger a large towered andtuireted mnoderm pile of grXanit bifilding, as yet mnuch -surrounded and obscured by meighbouring houses, and known as Maiiichal College. TWe mame College no longer denotes in Scbtlaad ais edutational institution'such as the students, or even -the professors, reside in. 'Explain it how you will, the-Scotch people have an habitual repughanfce to collegiate hifs. The bluilding referred to are merely an aggregate of class-rooms, wit museum, halls, aLnd likel appendages, much after the ntinner efUniversity College, Lncdon. N1arisehal College is-situatein the centre and olde'r part of the town.na m'hbkirinr vilage, at a distance of about a niRe from hi College, Mtnd Knings College, foundled about a century earlier, in Popishi tim-es, whereas Isariscbal College was one --5f the earl$ fruits of the Protestant Reformation. The village that is adorned and mainly sup.ported by the presence of Knings College does not contamn more than 2,000 inhabitants, mncluding the professors anda students. In both Colles a full curriculusn of arts is tau*it,& little varied, indeed, froSm what is 'taughtin the other Colleges of Scotlad, yet, on the whole, not inferior. A course of theology is taught during four mnouths by professors ]?artly of the one College, parly of the other. bIlarischal College, being near the lre public infirniary, has a consideruble and prosperous school of medicine, taught by a staffof professors and leeturers. Hitherto the distance of King's College fromn the hospital referred to has hindered any school of mnedicine bieing formed within Kinges College or' tie vilage where it is situate. So far as that College ~ossesses a staff of miedical teachers it consists of a boyMecues, teacking in the immediate neighbourhood of Mlarischal College. As to the faculty of law, there is only a lecturer in Marischsal College, and in Kin"'s College a founded hanir for civil law, which the College, though always filling up, has not yet succeededl in nuMcng other than a sinecure. King's College differs fromi llarischal College mn this, that the miajorit of the chairs are fffed up by the votes of the professors. lac of these Colleges, in the conferring of degrees and otherwise, has the full powers of a University. It were needless to talie any notice of the agitations on the question that occurred during the last century. What renewedl them in the present century was a general commissionx of visitation to all the Universities of Scotland, frt ppointed by Sir ft Peel, -when he was Sertr fttate, in 1826. This commissionx reportd in 182. he. onldy surviving maember of the commission now of& note among public men is Lord Aberdeen. This commussion recommended a union into one Universcity and into one College. One reason for this recommnendation as to the Colleges w as the circumstance that the buildings of Mariricial ~ollege were then in a state of roinous decay, and the commission was desirous of ev-ading the expense of new buildings; but not many years after the report nbw and suitable buildings were erected, partl from an unappropriated grant forme'rly made by the lic=ot Exchequer,andpartly bynsubscmiptionto thee.xtent of 9,0001. ,,lythe professors graduates, clsnrun, and otl,esfsiaeads of the Colege. The recommnendation to unite the two College into one was received from the first mith vsry er.1Z'satisfaction throughout the north of Scotland. O this ascountt in 1I2 a new commission was appointed to visit the Universities of Aberdeen, chiefly in order to reconsider this question of union. The result was a report recommending such a union of the Universities as woul retain the greatest part of both Colleges, and admit of a full course of arts being taught in each, but of only single chairs in each departmient of the faculties of divinity, lawr, and 3nedlicine. Ever after the report of the first commission, and uantil' now, MALrischal College, as often as it has had occasion. to declare itself through the Senates Academnicus, has been in favour of a. union of the Universities. 'Until about two years ago blarischal College was eually a"ainst a union of the Colleges. UJntil that periodl Kig's Collnege had uniformly expressed itself as repugnant to any union, whether of the Universities or the Colleges ; hut at that tinme, owing perhaps to changes time had made in the body of the pro- fesor,acagcaeor Uitsvews.ity an as upont ithe 1onth fOcoer, 183 oha fh enotis(uenAcdeii ofurtKrthng' ofthe Sheycnats,itri expdiet to genderavoundrstoform atunion tmonth andteerdi 'hat beencotatuscmmunicate this resolu-in of King's College and 'University were framed and commaunicated with the knowledge and approbation of Lord Aberdeen, the Chancellor of that University. The vigorous opposition that has been mianifested on all sides -against the union proposed on this occasion has been directed chiefly against two conditionis given out by King's college as indipesble for its entering oa ths consideration of any detailIsMofunilon. with Marischal College. First, there were to he in the United University no duplicate classes, no-b only in any department of the faculties of divinity, law, andl medicine (to -shich thedpublic had no objection), bat in the faculty of at; second the faculty of arts was to he taught in one College alone, andl that College was to be King's College. In an evil hour Marischal College so far depaited from its traditional and approved policy of being . the union of the Colleges] as to agree to enter on thedetails of the union then proposd. One of the objections offered togh merely local, cannot be omitted. This was the additional distance of a mile from the town. No doubt, the difference of a mile of distance from one part of a town to another part, even, in such a harsh winter climate as that of Aberdeen, is of comnpar- tivly itte mpotane,because if the new site be a mile furherfro on se oftheinhabitants it is a mile nearer to another et ; hut when the distance is all cut of the town the mile adldedl is a iaile to everybody. Then, Marischal College had been recently rebuilt by the aidl of liberal subscriptions from the publie, and it seemed a kind of treachery to deprive the town of Aberdeen of the mnost imaportant port of its College, whiceh had been originallv instituted, no doubt, in part for the benefit of that city, about a hundredl years after the institution of K[ine's College, and when King's College wtas inna state of efficient operation. But there was another objection far more essential andl far from being founded on merely local considlerations. It was assertedl that the union of the two Colleges, so as to cause a likelihood of the classes in arts under each professor being doubled, was detrimental to the efficiency of the Colleges as means of education. latin, Greek-, and mathemiatics can evidently not be taught without examnining and othervwise exercising the pupils by the professor. How niuch maore efficiently this can. be done with classes from 50 to 70 than writh classes from 100 'to 140 is too evident to be insisted on. Bat with regard to othier branches of arts, such. as physics, chysnistry, logic, or moral. scienee,-the professr in Scotland but rarely contents himself with delivering lectures; in Aberdeen he never does so; by far the miost instructive part of Nfis duty consists in riraloes examinations and occasional viu-tten exercises on t'he subjects of his c-om-se. There many he--no doubt, there should be, because the emoluments of the professors are smaller, and mLuch too small-professors of greater eminence in science or in literature in other Universities of Scotland than in Aberdeen ; but not in one of them is there more efficient 'teaching. This has become manifestlatelyin avery sim~ple wa h-f all the defects of the Scotch Universites, suc is the. lberality of those institutions at bottomi, that the classes in' arts are attended for their preli- miayedlucationi not only by the candidatess for the minis.. tr~y of the REtablished Church at the requirement of the church cauthorities, but equally so by the candidlates for the ministry i'n all other Pr-esbyterian or Dissenting bodies. The two mnost considerable of the Presbyteran bodies in Scotland-the Free Church andathe United Prebyterian Church -had, miuch to their credlit5 each established scholarshi~ opeaitot'heirstudents of arts inall theCollegesofSc tady competition, and the proportion of successful candidates in these competitions has proved to be notably greater among the students fromi the Colleges of Aberdeen than among the students of the other Colleges of Scotland. 'Unfortunately for appearance, though possibly from excellent miotives, it happens that the majority of the 'Senatus Academicus of Kfing's College. consists of six professors against four in favour of this union of the classes in arts, and that six making up those very members whose classes (al in arts) would ebe enefited by this form of union, and to no other form-of union do 'they avow up to this hour will 'they be a party. Those gentlemen have, indeed, given out, but in a vey age way, that they will adopt such impoe nt in 'taching uis -to compensate for the do'o%;f t'he classes. The indignant ans-er ofthegraduates, alusnin,and tho public of the district has been, "Go to Glasgow andlto Edinburgh, where the Colleges are more or less under great di-advantages in this particular of efficient exmaminations, and where in sein classes there wae -no examinations at all ; when .we see your fine ,schemnes in o .peration, there, then; hut niot until then, shall w think1 of adotn your lionsediiarovemnta;but meanwkwhil'e does't mi2thNe Col- iees,whereyouare no more than temnporarytenants,an old earcasesoryoutoexperimeutupon." ' 1he opposition vws far from confined to the citizens of Aberdeen. The vates of the gxaduates of both Universities .wereagainstthe.proposal by about 14)toL The church curt, wlsetherof the statblished Churh or the Dissentecs, were the &ame'; the-meetin, a landholders in Aberdeeen-and in oth^er countieaamound were the same. There was but one cry, and'it w:-s iqainsh a gsion of the College, andinfavourof a Vie.o of theUnivexsities and the-integrity. of tlieCollegss. A tveremvroaLth ago. the'Senatus of Masial College communicated to the'Government, an avowal of its mistak;e; and it was but the other day that. ittpubliclyexpzressed the earnest ilesize^of the S&natus to 7, rid o this agntuibn, aixd1heir readines toegive cordial -,ied ictive support to a bill inl'azh ment for aunio6i of theL.two Universities under 'a liberial constitution -herein- t' ve in.; tluenoe of the grautes would be recognied. ir.gCol lege, meanwhile, adheres to its o 'noeltion to a unu,m of the Umniversities, unleesmUnon the condtion that the e-Adow en3t qnd atudents ina arts ill cae over to -them. 1,a this course tbey are understood. to-besupportedby lord sIerdeen, and su3 stecnidece that the pairouage o('thmis noblea lias inspired them with, that they are o expectation of receiving a public 4r.nt of *l2,OOO1.,.anc' Vhave-'noYiyadepu. tat3pQa in London; an thehopo of not only ecttigti bt jeueystin tdfac the re -iq fforte ~of thf3r frVvoit-' re\ : r,-. l -. E.....
- -iWURAL POLIC_ aend CRrMEin- the WZEST PJINZ I - TO THE DIT6R OF THE TIamS. Sir,-It is vith great reluctance that I beg the favour of being allowed. space in your valuable colunim while Idefend myself from some aburdities of wbhich my long known and much esteemed friend, lMr. Peel, has, in his, letter to 271a 2'imes of the 3d ilt., accused me. I ama, of course, fully ready to bear the responsibility of anything I rite or say ; but it is unpleasant and unfair to be represented as expresso ing opinions of which an uneducated child coula searcely be guilty. Mr. Peel writes -" Police or no police, it is al the sme sals your correspondent, and because no crime is detected no crime ig committed." I simply appeal to your readers, and ask where in my letter they find any such ridiculous assertions ? What I did say, in reference to the remarls of your reporter at Yorlk, was that this was not a question of police or no police (your reporter insinuating that the West Ridiug had no police), because the magistrates had recently established a new system of police; and which I again most confidently state is well reported of by the inhabitants from every division of the Ridig. Mr. Peel next says:- "Crminal statistics are much relied upon by your correspondent and others in support. of their opinions as to the comparative state of crime m the West Riding. These statistics, however, treat only of committals, the number of which in any given time must greatlv depend upon the acthity and effciency of a detective police. On reference to Mr. Redgrave's tables, it will be foundthatthe committ-ls in Yorkshire for the five years ending 1848 were 8,498, and. for the same period, endia, 1853, were 10,262; showing an increase in Yorkshire eqin to all England besides." In answer to these remarks I would ask, what else are we to rely on but crimiinal statstics in dealing -with this question? Does not Mr. Peel himself wholly ely upon t em ? But, strange, indeed, my friend fist of aU tels us, that criminal statistics in reference to the West Riding are of no use, and then he immediately quotes them as his authority against us. He says, the number of committals must depend upon the activity of the police; so that the best tesC of a good police must be a large calendar and a full gaol, assuming it to be more the duty of a police to detect than prevent crime. According to this principle, it is quite clear that the Yorkshire polce has far surpassed the LancaShire in activity and efficiency of late years, becawse Mr. Peel goes on to tell us, that Mr. Redgrave shows a progres- lve increase in the number of Yorkshire committals far exceeding Lancashire (which I don't admit, even according to these tables). Upon what anthority, I ask, does 1r. Peel infer that we have undetected crime in the West Riding in a degree beyond what exists in those localties where therural police is established? Can Mr. Peel produce, or did he produce at Wakefield when he was representiag the cnminality, and especially the undetected criminalityof the West Riding-even from his own division of the riding, when he speaks of squatters, tramps, and yal bonds making high holvday-a memoral of the respectable inhabitants expressive of the insecurity of their persons and. property, and praying the jnstices to give them a rural police7 It is unreasonable that those magistrates who do bot see the necessity of establishing a new system of polce, which is wholy to supersede one which has only jnst got into operation, should. ask of its promoters something beyond unsupported influences mjustificationof their endeavour to incur an enormous cost? I would remind Mr. Peel that, although he talks of squatters, tramps, and vagabonds being moved on by tho lancashire police into his oorders of Yorksshire, he gives U3 no instances of the crimes detested os' udetected of these marauders. I have, however, knowing that Mr. Peers insinuations were at direct varice with the reports of the superintendent of the division, taken some trouble to ascertain precisely how matters stand in that district, andI find that only two robberies in a period of three years have been reported to the superintendent; one of them of some trifling property from an outhouse, and the other a robbery from adwellnghouse in the daytime while all the family -were at church. The respectable inhabitants of the district report, on personal inquiry by the superintendent, that all is peaceable, and they are perfectly satisfied with the present police arrangements. In hr. Peers own township the constable reports that ha has lived there 30 years, and never recoUcets a robbery having been committed. The adjoining township is reported of in the same vay. A brother magistrate and imnmediato neighbour of Mr. Peers reports to the superintendent that the neighbourhood is entirely free from theft, and so secure do the inhabitants feel that they freguently neglect the very ordinary precaution of fastening their doors. From the most populous tovnship of that district the constable reports that there has onlybeenonerobberycominittedduringthelastnine years. Mr. Peel has quotedlMr. Redgrave's tables; and, althoughldon'tadmitordenyhIr.Pee's conclusionsfromthose tables, simply because a correspondent in the Lceds iUercw7ri, in a lengthy and apparently carefully written letter, published soon after the meeting at Wakefield in October, wholly disputed the correctness of these conclusions, yet r think it right that criminal returns should be laid before' cGur readers, 'which I believe to be indisputable, showing ow the West Riding stands in reference to the rest of thea kingdom. It will be found that, in 1840, the proportion vwhich criminals bore to the population of England and Wales was l in 579, andin theWest Riding 1 in 1,089. Iu 1849, the proportion in England and Wales; was 1 in 615, and in theWestRidimglin1,053. In 185 the proprtion 1linl1,ll2-showing that the Wrest Ridia-w in all the2se periods up to the recent period of 1854, 'whensit stood higher than ever, was 50 per cent, below the average of England anid Wales in the number of its criminals tried at sessions ard assizes. It wil be found, howvever, that if we look to the retunis showing the proportion of personscharged with all offences, the result is equally satisfactory. In IM40 the persons so charged in Enland and Wales wero 1 in 146, but in the West Riding it vas 1 in .379. In 1849 the proportion for England and Wales was 1 in 13andinthe Vst Riding m279. Inl8n54- have not the returns forthe entire }ingdom-butin the WestRiding it wasl 1 in 296. These retuns clearly show that crime was decreasing, for while in 1849 the proportion was 1 in 279, that in 1854 'was 1 in 296. Mr. Peel alludes to my analysis of the York7airc Ca ten dar, hut he is quite silent about my analysis of the Lancashire Caleidar, when the rural police force, I submit, ought not onlyto detect hut materialy prevent the commission of highway robberies and burgaries, and 'which calendar showv an increase of 20 percent. of this class of crime over York- It seems Mlr. Peel, in alluding to what he calls the pithy sayig of Mr. Denison, does not rightly comprehend the humane and wise observation of that gentleman. How can Mr. Peel seriously suppose any man so utterlyfoolish as to say that the father or grandfather who robs us should not be detected and apprehended? What M1r. Denison evidentlymeant was, '-that it was better tospend a little money in reforming the child than to allow that child to grow uptotheaduit crimnalfather or the aged criminal grandfather, and thus impose upon ourselves the necesity of estblishing avery costly pohice forocto protectus fromr an enemy of onrovincreation." It wonldbe highly gratifyin to me if I could secure the able assistance of my friend andl others, who are so strenuous about a rural police, too ards obtaining an act of Parlament to enable the justices out of thercounty5ratestonestablish efficient refereatory schools; but muchregret that my brother justices of Lancashire, while they have trned their attention and eaertions to the establishtent of a most exensivetrural police, yaveohitherto made no effective demonstration towards the reformation of juvenile offenders. I long sice endeavoured to rouse my brother magistrates on this qncstion, hut I regret to say with but little success; and wve mmghit, I feel no doubt whatever, have easily obtained from Parliament the same pcower,whicb. arepossessedhythecountyof 3liddiesex, and have thus providedinstitutions capableofadmitting alour yothfuleriminals. I mayberequote3from a documentreferringtothe city of Smachester,. wvhich appeared in your columns on the 8th ult., in whichithe increase of juvenile offenders is set forth as quite alarming ; and there is at present no provision for offeringthose forlorn creatures the means of refornation beyond a very small andinadequate ragged school in Angel Mleadow, to 'which applicants are constantly refused ad. mission for want of room. The coanuittals to the NewBailey Prison in 'the year ending September, 15, were 547 lads under 17 years of age, and the only reformatory establishment in estence canaccommodate about 40. It is a dded, " That while the increase of crime has led within the last few years to a vast expense in the erection of a new city gaol, and while already it is founadnecessary to expend. at least 24,0001. upon the enlargement of that building, no effort beyond the verlimitedone in Angel WMeadowr has been. ma de for the reformation of the offenders." It seems, however, to be xow generally admitted that we must considerably hasten our steps in this matter. Earl Grey, in his obserrationsupon this subject the other day at ewvcastle, said-" If these reformatory schools are -t: become, as probably they 'will do, l part of the regular machinery for the repression of crime andi the maintenance of w and order, surely they oght to be maintained, not by preesin"uponthe charitably disposed, but bv funds contribute by all, like our prios, pnitentiaies, and work' houses." I do, indeed, rejoice to see that your powerful pen has lent its aid on this important subject; the - circumstance makes me feel very contideut of success, and I will take tho liberty of quoting a few words from your able article in T7c Times of the 4th nlt., as moet powerfully illustrative of what is meant by "r meforming the child instead of having to look after the grandfather." You say:- "Younn HopefU,At in life.miwihis anadg bells, and Yong foss with te brokem neck of a gin bottle to- llrenote t e zproasa of tgeeting;, and the very probable result is, that Cel H:p.J m a a ono iuessive- speech. which brings-teasinxto thLe eyes of thavests turnkeysaduslders;of tcoxut. ansentimonta1racedismises udd HopOs~s to the scaffold vith the gralif ying informatian. that in this world hLe c,nhold. ottehimx no. further eopeC. A&l this was y7 well in its time; weAii& our fathers paid, our taxes like mren we suwbcie largely' for theipurposeof ocMAhin, scourging impriso banih. ing, ora creatures. -Ii ix v has shone ulotn us, aned in all parts of the countuy we are beping t%sm sk e te ak if it woulAd ot be a gro politeiX inA rdese,ratem eoChzim and,.iudeed cheapr couts - lctc in hin foeehm; tis! term, and try-to tarn hirto~me g durpoae If theunmoeeqtoes oould be hived i ~ta st thie su enoeo f oF making honey, what a bl-. in.g it would he. The y all for reformatory schools., Men have got bld - a, tm e--ideaat5 d let us tr tO 'work it, out. ILet us endaavosir7to dealiith it Jumes '~V¢a4it dt iWith'wt1eatf ._erlV heatem *ith electricity. Suly, th-am e energyand inteigence bc have enabled us to lead the vapour and lightning qagtiav miay hp us t6 reduce crime to the in;ust m,' cmsAi,te ith the iniities and. passions of Iun-a natur#x" 'am qIuite,as fiangwingas my friend to; o do i iU f -befoe epu ic.. His re,ason,aall;ed,i, is,that boat sides of ,the question. may be stated. ilo far he hs FiUCceedeiad inz on this your readersudins deteuniae.e Ha uiy Wayngu and doings ia :this ms'ter been correctly repre- sented this letter ould noth}nb e been written. .C "I am.*I Sir. v. Onvndienrt servaTt. T. I GS t . : *-tjp-you-?ai jm4 A - ? I ? ?- , 1- . ?
- rOITDO ..FV,DAY, JTAYUAY1, 18,8. Over the sounds of warlike preparation but yesterday resounding from one end of this laborious iland to the other has fallen a msdden IuU1 and the. haminer of the armourer is upifted,, nd Xhe haud of the ship carenter is stayed,, while they listen with wonder and surprise to the unexpec:oc id~s'of ipeace. --We have become induvat to & ate of war, and it seems new a.lmoe as impossible for England to fall back into the old pacific routine of the last forty years as it appeared two years ago for her to shake off tho peaceful habits and assocdations, which those forty years had created. Nor wotld it, we suspect, be perfectly true to Bay that the country hails the prospect so suddenly offered of a return to peace with unmixed and u.nalloyed satisfaction. No one is so inhuman as to argue for war in the abstract, but there are a great many, we suspect, who think that its continuance for another year would have more of good than of evil. Our preparations are so vast, our army and navy are asmuing so much more promising an aspect than before, and thie power of Russia is so visibly reduced and shaken, that we nmight reasonably hope at the end of another campaign not only to dictate terms much more favourable, but to have for them the best of all possible guarantees-the utter exhaustion and prostration of our adversary. In such cases, however, it is wise to propitiate that Nts%sis which is so apt to wait on those whose overweening expectations of future good fortune render them blind to the opportunities of the present, and to close our hand upon that certain success 'which is within its grasp, rather than open it to snatch at some fortune more alluring, but also more doubtful and dangerous. To be deivered from the continually recurring catalogues of slaughter, from the rapid increase of our national debt, from the prospect of a 10 per cent. incometax, and a constant derangement of our monetary system ; to curb effectually the insolence and aggression of a Power which two years ago would only condescend to ansawer our earnest remonstrances by a haughty and expressive silence, treating them, to uso theo metaphor of the Empress CAninms, " as the moon docs the wolves that bay at her,"these are advantages so solid and substantial that we wobuld not change them for thle most brilliant future that ever allured and deluded the visionary or the enthusiast. Let us only be sure that we have got what we ask for, and we shall bear with much philosophy the loss of all the fine things that another year of war might bring us. We wiould, however, caution the public against the persuasion that the telegraphic messages of our correspondents atVienna and Berlin, and that posted bytheFrenchGoverninentonthe ParisBourse, necessarily imply what their words certainly, taken in their literal sense, woould fairly comprehend,-that all the propositions upon which the allies insist have been unconditionally accepted by Russia.' The terms of the fifth proposition are gencral, and do not necessarily include the rundertaking not to fortify the Aland Isles, any more thlan any other demand the allies nmight think- fit to make. We do not believe that this requisitionhas yet been specifically submitted to Russia, and, whatever may be the probabilities of the case, we are certainly not jiustified in saying that she has unconditionally accepted it. Two other terms on which we must peremptorily insist-the disarming of the castern coast of the Black Sea, and the allowing Consuls of the Western Powers to reside in the Russian ports on its watershave been only slightly and anbiguously mentioned. Why tliis is so we do not know. That is the concern of 4ustria. We are not principals in thc negotiation, but have employed the mediation of a third Power, whose duty it is to see that Russia be brougght to an unconditional acceptance of our terms, with all their stipulations, before we even enter into negotiation. We do not believe for a moment that these things are likely to offer permanent obstacles to the conclusion of peace, but our readers must remember that the announcement is that of an Austrian, not of an English diplomatist, and that he speakls from a point of view not always identical wvith our own. Again, what does Russia mean by an- unconditional acceptance t We have held an acceptance of hers before, and have some experience how coelly she can dishonour it. Other despatches from Vienna speak of the terms being accepted as the bases of negotiation. Logically, there is no distinction between the two, for the foundations on which a negotiation rests must be accepted unconditionally, or they are no foundations at all. W%e must begin somewhere, and that, with which we begin must be unconditional; but we have some experience how Russia understands these things when we remember that last year she undertook- to do away with her preponderance in the Black Sea, and could be brought to assent to no means of carrying out this condition which did not tend direetly to defeat it. We do not believe, as we have said, that any of these difficulties will really be allowed to interfere with that peace which the Court of St. Petersburg seems to have determined to be necessary' to its interest, but merelywish to cool the ardour of those oversanguine spirits who may infer that everything is already done, and that nothing remains for England ind France but to ring their bells, light their bonfires, and pay the bilL Nothing should induce us to relax for a single momnent in ourpreparations until all the stipulations we have mentioned have been clearly and unequivocally put by Austria, and as clearly and unequivocally conceded. We must remember that by the pressure we have put upon Russia,. and not by the mediation of Austria, has the present happy alteration in our circumstances been brought about, and that, if we would preserve the advantages of our position, it can only be done by a constant adhesion to the very means by which that change has been produced. Let Russia once see reason to believe that we have allowed the! hopes of ease and tranquillity to unnerve our vigilance and disarm our courage, and the whole work must be done over again, for she will assuredly fincl imeans to wriggle out of the concessions she has made, and to resume her old attitude of haughtiness and defiance. The way to obtain peace is to mak,e our adversary feel thoroughly-what is, 'indeed, no more than the truth-how much more necessary that peace is to her thanit is to Us.- We hive tried reasoll ana rem-onstrance with no-effiect, havetriedvigour and actioniviththemost encouraging results. By energetic action we have compelled the enemy to negotiate ; bya continuance of that energy aud that action we shall bring those -negotiations to-a happy result. It is' the common error of historians to attribute in these matters too much to the talents of plenipotentiaries,7 id too te to the -rdlative foree of the con tracting - States. No negotiator was more suecessful than CA&nIs XII. before, the Battle of Pultawa, or NAa'oLEox before the expedition to Moscow, for their arguments were backed by their bayonets, and faults in their logie passed unlnoticed amid the thunder of their ealunon. After these signal reversea they negotiated with equal talent but entirely different success, for the power that gave force to their propositions was gone. Now, then, if ever in the course of the war, it is necemary to push on those preparations which are required for the efficiency of our sea and land forces in the next campaign. Never before was that necessity so urgent, never would the effects of any relaxation or remissness be so immediately felt. We have the goal in sight, and that ought to induce us rather to double than remit our; exertions. By observing this line of conduct we shall either have gained the noblest victory-a solid and lasting peace, or, bo in a position to inspire those who shall have withheld it from us with a stil more durable repentance.
The report of the French Mlinister of Finance, whle it certainly speaks well for the condition and resources of that country, brings out into still stronger relief the sacrifices entailed by the war. It may be considered to addrcss itself chiefly to the foUowing questions-tho revenule and expenditure of the last twro years; the produce of the old and new taxes; the budgets for the present a.nd next year; and the loan account. In the finanec of States as well as companies it is almost impossible to separate the revenue from the capital account, thouigh it is most desirable to do so. This impossibility becomes absolute in the event of war, from the simple fact that war must be carried on out of both ordinary and extraordinary resources; out of old taxes, new taxes, and loans ; while at the same tiine it iniereases the general expenditure, creates in some quarters a fictitions prosperity, and so sweUs the ordinary revenue. WVe are glad to have it stated on the authiorityof the report that in the year 1854 there was a virtual equality between the ordinary receipts and expenditure, the apparent excess of the latter being referable to a large supplementary credit for the completion of great pubEc works, an item in the capital account. Still more agreeable is it to hear that the produce of the old indirect taxes in the year 1855 exceeded even that in 1846, the highest previous year, by no less a 'sumthan 4,000,0001. of our mnoney. Btut comparisons of this sort are nffceted by so many circumstances that it is a matter of faith on our part, to accept them as evidence of actual prosperity. There are, however, other proofs of that prosperity, more or less conclusive. The "direct contributions" show a considerable imnprovement, and have been collected with greater facility. The clearings of the State forests have fetched near half as much again as was estimat-d. It has been ascertained that more than five millions and a half of our money has been employed in the purchase of :Rentes for the departments, besides the payments for the new loans. On the other hand, it does not appear that new taxes have been mnposed to a greater extent than a new tariff of duties, which has produced less than a million and a half of olur money. We have already raised six millions and a half for the pait year by doubling one tLx alone,' besides other additional taxation to an equal amount. Indeed, it is too obvious that, in spite of the fits of prosperity to wlicil France is as subject as ourselves, and in spite of the stimulus which its Govermnent is able to impart, its financial resources fall very far short of oius in elasticity. It is the boast of our financiers that they can impose and remit at pleasire, witl the certainty that if the draught is properly applied the result will answer expectations. It does not appear to be so in France; so its financiers are obliged to borrow nearly the wlhole of an extraordinary demand from the inimeasurable, if not inexhaustible, future. In fact, the extent to whicl France' has pledged her credit for the purposes of this war is something so serious that it requires the pleasant prospect of peace to nerve one for the contemplation. As one brief line in the report informs us, the French Treasury has borrowed and actuaily received during the last two years, "1 in al, 1,120,000,000f.," or nearly forty five millions of our money. The expenses " on the loans,"-that is,we presume, -for the extraordinary army and navy credits,-are estimated at about forty millions of oiur money; and more than sixteen millions and a half remain to be collected - on the above loans; so that there remains more than twenty one millions available for- the extraordinary wants of the war in the current year, should our present hopes be unhappily frustrated. Meanwhile it should not be.omitted that the floating debt, properly so called, is five millions of our money less than it was a year ago, anrd the Treasury Bonds have been considerably reduced. Yet it is evident that, were the flames of war to breal out afresh, France could only do her part with inumense additions to her debt. At the rate of the last two years the annual increase of the burden would probable be twenty millions of our money, the increase of the ordinary revenue being only just sufficient to meet the growing interest.. In this case the question: Would certainly arise whether, on the only principle of. equality, that is, that each nation should do what it could, it would notbecorme our place' to contribute money for' men, paying a larger share of the expenses in consideration of the larger army furnished by France. Thus far, indeed, according 'to ML R&G,, the war has hardly pressed perceptibly on the kesources of France. The Emsruor has put a timely check on undertakings of a sort to absorb 'much 'private capital. Long ago we observed that the destruction of capital by ill-planned and unnecessary railways, and by the excessirve speculation connected with them, was equivalent to the cost of a great war. The French Government seems to have acted rigorously on this view, and postponed railways that were not urgently required. No doubt, the money-market would be all the easier for this suspension of enterprise. Nevertheless, the improvements at Paris and at the ports, with other public works, have been uninterrupted; and 3L MiGNE is able to call a large part of the extraordinary expenditure of the last year " a simple transformation of "values,"-that is, a chisnge of public property from the shape, of .moDiey to that of houses,- or roads, or 'atores. :It is remnarkable Tfhat the lFiich Txeasury should be able to' raise so much by loan at a time when it is imipossible 'to levy an income-tax, and difficult to raise much by any increase of taxation. lPar of 'the loan, indeed, has been taken by :British. capitalists, .yet it is evident that the; i Freh,e; aiid even a clais' of very all capitalists, have taken by itar i,--greafer part. -This, of course, is chiefly owing to'the thiifty habits of the French poor and-middle classes. In every conditioni of life, from the earliest years, the prevalg passion-is to become a proprietor, or a rent ier, or 'an official, or tcrracquire.-sore' other_ innall inde' pendenoe. In this country we are-certainly more reckless, and in a certain sense more patriotic, throwing ouselves on the general' future of society.. Nowhere, indeed, do people so much live up'to the extent of their income;.and_stake their Af evry year of thek live as in this Englpand whicli has the reputation of extraordinauyprudence In. Frane, it appears, the people will lend the Minister as much- as he will ask for, but they will not spend more; n new tax is a signal for, retrenchment; and 5as for income-tue, what chance of collecting any is there in a nation in wvhichl the number of properties, in a legal sense, considerably exceeds that of the population, while the number of public offices does not fall very far short of the persons qualified to hold them? No doubt, however, that France is a much poorer country than our oWn, for want of the same industrial resources, the same physical strength, and the same genius for enterprise. By our rough and ready, blundering, tentative processes we stumble somehowinto manufacturing and conimercial success ; we earn fast, r,pend freely, and keep the money circulating. With all this money afloat, and everybody truMting rather to get his ahare of it when he wants it than clutching the miserable pittance he has already acquired, the Chancellor of the Exchequer has only to cast hiis net wide and deep and he -gets a good haul. The French Minister of Finance has to deal with a smaller fry, 'with mnore timid spirits, and a closer gripe.
There is no PARn pill for crime. It is quite in vain to expect that any one reniedy will avail to extirpate, or even materially to check, that tendency to criminal excess which is inherent in every society of human beings. Tho causes of crime are various, and each must be met by its appropriate antidote. Some enthusiasts wil1 tell you that education-sonic, that church extefision-somc, that a sterner prison discipline-some, that a more vigorous enforcement of tho lawv-some, that a wise system of economic legislation will, in the end, inaugurate that happy time when every criminal judge will be presented with his pair of white gloves, and AsTruA wXTill reign supreme. No man of mature years approaches these subjects in the sanaguine spirit of his carlier youth. He lukows too well that he has to deal withl crime in its many unhappy forms, with criminials of various ages, w%ith different antecedents, with characters and tendencies of the most conflicting description. The gentle admonition of the country rector's wife is all very well in its wvay,-so are the last stern, sorrovwfuil words of the criminal judge wlho dismisses the culprit to his doom; but we must not fall into so grievous an error as to suppose that Cithier Mrs. AmLwoiRT or Mixes can purge the country of crimc. In the columns of Vie Times wse have upon various occasions advocated nolW one measure and now another as likely to promote the end we all have in view-namely, the dimiinution of crimc; more flattoring expectations we caunot as yet permnit ourselves to entertain. It would be well that every philanthropist and enthusiast in tle country would content himself with the conviction that, so he is promoting any measure wlich is likely to be productive of good, lie is well employed. When thle question is to do good to suffering humanity there is nio stulCh thing as heterodoxy. According to his genius, his temper, his position in life, one man wvill mainly promote one measure-one, aniother; but, so they be all strauds of thAe same rope,vwhat does it signify ? It is highly necessary that the legislative business of the country should be managed aright, -for, so there is employment for all, that is the absence of temptation. It is highly necessary that the children of English parents, however humble their condition, should receive somc kind of education ; so they will be funmished with apt instrinments for infornnixii their minds, and bettering their condition in lifc. It is highly necessary that the clergy should coiftribute their sliar to the good work, for the future is the lever of the present. It is highly necessary that tho police should be quick to (liscover, and the magistrate to pluiisli crime, bhut yet so that, while the law is a terror to eildoers, reformation should be considered in the award rather than punishment. Every man who meddles with this subject may ride his phllanthropic hobby to death as lie will, but ho must not run tilt against his neighboiur. All are champions in the same cause, although their mocles of operation may differ. The advocate of the Reformatory School mnst not quarrel with the friend of the Rural Police. These few words premised, we would now call attention to a letter with 'which .fr. fLAsrseGs LNa,LAs has favoured us, and whiehl will be found in another portion of our columns this day. It seems that this gentleman, of whom we would wish to speak wvith nll respect, is at variance with Mr. Psi upon certain points connected with climinal reform, and rmore especially with the eriminal condition of the W'est Riding of Yorkshire. One of the controversialists appears mainly inclined to detect and punish the grandfather; the other to train up the grandsoni in the way he slihuld go, so as to avoid the trouble and expense of punishing him at alL To our poor thinking, they are both in the right as far as their prophylaeties are concerned, and we heartily wish to one gentleman all success in promoting the cause of the Reformatory Schools, to the other an equal fortuhe in the organization and maintenance of an effective Rural Police for Lancashire, for, it seems, that is his county. UJpon the smaUer points at issue betueen the two friendly adversaries we have no opinion to express. We give publicity to the views of each, and so leave them to. the judgiment of ouLr readers. It will be, of conrse, gratifying to every one who takes an interest in the welfare of- the West Riding of Yorkslire-to hear that the average of crime in that important dishict las been for some time past infinitely below the average of Great Britain; -aid that, even so, crime has been sensibly on the decrease .for the last few years. These, however, are local matters; what seems to be of more immediate public interest is, that while Lancashire has already established a very effective system of Rural Police, it is far behind other districts in its endeavour lto. establish Reformatory Schools. " The ".committals to the New Bailey Pison," writes Mr. TawiLmn, " in the year ending September, " 1855, were 547 lads under 17 years of age, " and the only reformatory establishment in existIC ence can accommodate about 40." There appears to be-a little Ragged School in a place called Angel-meadow, to which, as Mr. LNGuAm tells us, applicantfs are constantly refused admission for want of room. He adds, quoting from an official docunment :-" While the increase of crime has led "within the last few years to a vast expense in "'the erection of a' new city gaol, and while "already it is foLnd necessary to expend at least " 24,000. upon the enlargement of that building, "no effort beyond the very limited one in Angel'"meadow has been made for the reformation "of the offenders." Now, is this so? Here is one of the most important questtons which has occupied the miinds of men for the, last cent4ny before the pub4h6 for coniideration. It is eagerly taken up and discussec on all sides. The iost ,ritral counties, tbe most distant,districts of the islan4,>.contribute.their share to the discussios) ancl add their assistance to the movement. Who hare the people; who hang :bac I Mr. LxGonA tells us-the men of Lancashire, andc especially the iiihabitants of kfanchest&r,-tthatv town,which; as Iwe fondly hoped, was _the nucleus of modern civilization. ; .'-- If the charge be founded oxi trie- dat, we must express some little surprise that a population so rich, so intelligent, and, we believe, in the main, 0o.welU inclined ito promote the bestinteesta of humani4ty, aol on such a subject be found beloiv the levd of the country. Do ihe men of Tn-' cshir and of. Manchester clisapprove these Beforniatory Schoo2s ? Are they hopeless of benefit from the scheme ? Be it so. Let them explainto us the why and the wherefore of their decision, and prevent tlheir countrymen from' wandering into error. On the other hand, are they unable to allege any good reason why tio experiment should not be triea ? How is it we find the city of Manchester-the Mecca, as one may say, of the new school-so far behind half-a-dozen districts of the most rustic character ? We grant that the value of the measure hiis n6t yet been filly and fairly tested, but will any mana say that enough has niot been proved to impose upon us the absolute necessity of proceeding with the experiment t In the long run, no doubt; the' adminiistration of these schools must be undertaken by the Govermnent, and the expenses be defrayed from the public funds; but the time as yet is scarcely ripe for pressing the point upon the attention of Parliament. Let the value of the system be shown, if it is really valuable; if not, let it be dismissed wiith all disgrace to the limbo of abortive schemnes. NIanchester and Laneashire, however, should contribute I their part to tihe establishment of so humane a system, or the destruction of so pernicous a delusion.
INA YAL AND MILITARY INTELLIGENCE. The Royal MTail Comnany's steamship Orinoco, Captain Wilson, transport No. 218, arrived at Southampton from tho Blatek Sea yesterday morning with the following invalids :-Captain the Hon. - Keppel, RN.; Captain Claybill, 93d Regiment; Captain Vyner, Major Olpherts, Lientenant Clarkson, .3th Regiment; Lieutenants Mansell and L.ake, 54th Regiment; Assistant-Surgeon Rose, Army Works Corps; Assistant-Surgeon Hyde, Medical Staff; Massrs. S. Pcike, Turkish Contingent; Berry, Heziker, Cann, and rreeman, asistant-cngineers, R;P.N; Mr. Craig, from the transpoat 'I'ynemouth; 1G invalided troops, and 2 distressed British mubjects. The Orinoco left Balaklava, Dec. 28; Constantinople, Jan. 1,; Malta, 6; and Gibraltar, 12. By tlio Peninsular and Oriental Companiy's steamship Madrid, wlhlich arrived at Southampton yesterday morning with tho Peninsular mail, wve receive the following items of naval and military intelligence firom Gibraltar :-Colonel John .V Patten, of the 3d Royal Lancashire MIilitia, and family left Gibraltar on the l1t inst. for Cadiz on board tUe Ligero steam-er. After visiting the principal cities in Spain, the gallant colonel vill procecd to Enigland. l1er Majesty's screw steamer Buifalo, from London to tho Crimec, airived at Gibraltar on the 3d inst., after expericinillg hcavy weather in the Bay of Biscay. The stoeam transport Imperador, with the 3d iglht Infantry Rcgiuent of the German Legion, froia Porstnoutli to the Crixina, passed Gibraltar on the 3d, and signalled "All well on board." The sailing transport Pride of the Ocean, from Constautinople and Malta for England, passed tllrotughl the Straits on tbe 3d inist. The steam transport Charity arrived at Gibraltar from ALlta on the 4th, for the purpose of embarking about 200 mules for conveyance to the dep6t forming at the lDardanles forthe use of theLand Trnnsport servicm. Ticesteam transportRipon arrived at Gibraltar from M.,lt.a on the6thinst. ShcleftBa-i.kla.vlawithdespatehesfor K iamiesb, on the l6th ult., took in thiee engineers of theR oyal Navy at the latter place, and left the same night for Constantinople, where she arrived at 10 p.m.; prepared fittings for the reception of the siclr, anti departed on the 24th, reaching Renkioi on the 26tth; ;she took in invalids and continued her voyagc on the following day; arrived at Malta on the 30th, renuned her voyage on the Lst insL, and put into Gibraltar on the Gth, on her way to Spithead. On the 3d she passed the Golden Fleece, which left Gibraltar with horses for Constantinople, off Galita; and the Thames steam transport, from England, bomnd upwArds, off Cape de Gatte. Thel'iponlefton'hemorning of the7thforSpithead. The following is a list of the passengers on hoard:-From BaCaklava-Gelleral DupuLs, Royal Artillery; and Messrs. Hollowvay, Marsden, Hood, Young, and Page. From Constantinople-Licuten3ntb Byam, Dr. White, Dr. Edwards, Lieutenant Judman, As-istan'-Comnii7sary-General Webb, Dr. Moline, Dr. Denmy, Captain Temple, 72 military, 12 znaval invalds, and 7 others. Froni RenkioiCaptain Straubenrzee, 26 military and four- naval invalids, four men belonging to the Medical Staff Corps, and seven others, for England; and Lieutenant Festing, for Gibraltar. The Pigny steuner returned into Por'smouth harbour on Wednesday morning wvith the Rev. Mr. Berthon's indiarubber mortar iaft, wh1ich was sutnk on Friday last, during the trials of it at Spithead. The party of riggers who went out were umable to recover the mortar itself, or the body of the unfortunate man -who wvas drowned. They are to make another attenspt for tlte mortar as soon as the weather and w.nd willpermit. The vind was yesterday blowing a gale at Portsmouth. The mortar is in 113 fathons of wvater, and deeply embedded in the sand. The creov of the Exinouth, 90, Captain H. V. Hall, at Plynototh. bent sails on Wednesday. The steamship Brunswick, 90, Captain IL R, Yelverton, was taken out of Keyham Docks on Wednesday, towed to the sheer hull, aztd nasted. She will go into the basin dock at the Devonport yard to be rigged. The screw steam corvette Cossack, 20, Captain Jare.es H. Cockburn had a new bowvsprit put on board on Wednesday, and was to be retnoved from the basin dock in the Devonport yard yesterday. The gtunboats Btsllfrog and Carnation are moored alongside the Arsenal-wharf at Woolvich, to receive their ammunition and sea stores. Their detachment of Royal Marines will likewise embark thence. Hfer Ma3jesty's steamer Merlin got up steam yesterday morning in Woolv;ich basin to tiny her engines. The crew of Her ajesty's steamner Vestnins, Commander Hoare, were yesterday morning paid down in WoolwMah dockyard, anid were gted a month's leave duringthe progress of tle repairs, wich are being pushed forward, as the services of the Vesuvius are again intended for foreign operations. The paddlewheel steamerlDee, 2Laster-CommanderPullen, sailed ye3terday morning from Woolvwich with machinery and spars for Plystnouth. The paddlewheel steam-sloop Prometheus, 5, Commanuder Selwyn, from Gibraltar, arrived in Plymouth Sound yesterday evening. The merchant ship Marathon, Captain Shute, 30 days out from Bristol, having been as far as 13 W., put into Plymouth Sound, leaky, on Wednesday. She was bound to Constantinoplo with about 700 tons of bay, which is so muach heated that for some days past the crew have been driven from the forecastle to the cabin, and the hatches of the forecastle and the hold, the chain boxes, and every other communication with the cargo have been carefully battened dowa and covered with tarpaulin, to prevent the hay from bursting into a flame. For some time past the Garrison Hospital, Chatham, has been inadequate to the requirements of the sick of the garrison, and Fort Pitt has accommodated them, in ceasequence of which the Commandant has ordered a board, composed of the Commandant of the Provisional Battalion as president, one Captain of the Royal E;ngineers, one Captain of the. Provisional Battalion, and the principal mnedical officer, to assemble and report upon the best plan for increased -accommodation. *This day 120 men of the Medical Staff Corps wcill proceed from Chatham to Deptford, in charge of Captain Richard S. Cole, to enibarkon board the Earl of Aberdeen for Malta and Scutari; and Staff-Captain S. G. Bunburyhas received orders to hold in readiness 60 men to embark inthe steamer Clyde whon required. The dupOt of this - corps is 400 stroui. Some important additionshad e been mnade during the last fev; daso the R.oyal Artillery Corss at Wooleics by the reinforcement of a strong party of da fine youg men w,ho vozunteered from various militia regimentsr p0 stal8wrt, ablebodied fellows have likewiuse joined that regiment from Ireland, and were welcomed at head-quarters with hearty cheers..- The ship rights and saevyers employed in the contruetion of tho gun and mortar vessels on the Wear have demanded and received a second advance of- wages-s-the abp- wvnghts (;d. per day exta, making: their pay 2. 8sn a-wveek;and thte sawyecrs 'S er hundred, inaldn their pay 5s. per hnndred feet for oak. The wages at the yards on private w,orkzsremain the same-viz., shiprights 6s. per day, and sawyers 4s..Sd, per hundred feetforoak. Thereareupwards of 300 ien employed on the gun-vessels, four of which are nearly ready for launching. The followi ing appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-George P Rickeord, paymaster; to the Centuriori; William 9. P.minter, paymaster; .to the Sanspareil, . .- The 1st Devon Militia Regiment is now stationed at Limerick, having left Newport barracks a short time ago. At a-reenat meeting of the Newpobt town-connie a3 I-relution was passed unanimously .to tbe.effect that the conduct of the men in the regiment had been excellent and soldieriLeo during the time they were stationed in that town, vhich the towvn-council considered was - proof of the careful superintendence of the officer.s and-the good discipline of theomen;- - . . - The head-quaiters of the Cardiganshire M3litia are to be fixed aIt Aberystyth, and proper storehouses are to be provided. The other counties of the Plincipality have made similar arrsngeuients. The county of Flint has provided for an armoury and storehoise, with orderly and guard rooms, ma_gaine, apartments for the permanent stafL the, whole to b enclose by-a. nine-fEet wail, -and-to cover ai acre of ground. A nu of 4,000?. his been set aside by the county of Crnarvon for a like puriose, and barracks have jnst hbeen built there. The-eounties -of Denhigla and MWonigoniiery a.re also about to provide suiitable acconmzodation for head-Sarters.. Brecon, 3onmeuth, and Pembroke are at present * provided ih. tbe qna*tes of the -.Goverinent basim s antorgan. however, i5sto eret buiiags for thme eonyrtilleryMlta
LATEST INTELIGENCE.-- ACCEPTANCE BY RUSSIA OF THI - PEACE PROPOSALS. (se SUB.V"IXNZ AIM 3RrrISH TELEGra .) We have received the foUlowing telegraphic despatch from our lPanris correpondent " PARIS, TuXSDAY, 3TAf. 17. "The following telegraphic deatch was received here at l230 this morning, and was immediateV posted up at the Bourse by order of his Excellency the M1inister of the Interior:- "'VXENNA, JA. 16, 11 15 F.X. " 'THIE MIfISTER OF rIhmwCm TO THE Mmsmn or- FoRI<GN. AFFmsRS. "'Comit Esterhazy writes to-ady -irom St. Petersburg that M. de Nesselr'ode his just notifiod to him the uneonditional acceptance (7YaccepfAtioa ptmrc t simple) of the proposition3 contained in the ulfmatvAM, which propositions aro to serve am preliuiiiuaries of peace."' We have received the following telegraphic do. spatch from our Berlin correspondent:- "BERIIN, Tni7DSDAY, JAN. 17. "Russia has accepted Austria's proposals. "Official men attribute this to the urgency of Prassia's representations and remonstrances." RUSSIA. We have receive(d the following felegrapie despatch from our Barlin correspondent "BERLIN, THiURSDAY, Jx. .17. "Advices from St. Petersburg state that General Liuders will take the supreme command in the Crimea, and that- Prince Gortschakoff iVill succeed Prince Pnskiewitsch as Stadtholder (Viceroy) of Poland." lWe have reecived the Mon t:atr of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest.
THE PEXINTSULAR MIAILS. [A sinniaryof the followig, received by electric teloe graph, appeared in our second edition of yestcrday:-J. SOUrRAMPTON, J.AR. 17. By the Peninsular and Oriental Cominanys steamship tadrid, Captain Coolk, -with the Peninsular ma'ls, in charge of Lieutenant Barrows, r.N., we have dates from Gibmltar, January 7th; Cadiz, IOth; Lisbon, l2th; Oporto, 1'th; Vigo, 14th. The MIadrid brings 40 passengerz, and on frcight 13 packages of specie, valued..Ci4 ;471., .and a cargo consisting of449 boxes of oran.ges, 4 bores of Icedhes, 2 bags of indiarebber; 8S boxes of eggs, 1543 baslkcts of chestnuts, I barrel of wines and several packages of general mercahadise. During her voyage the Madrid experienced for the most part very hcvy weather. The following are the particulars of the outward aind homeward passage, which fully account for the unusual delay in the arrivaT of the mails :-Prom Southampton to Vigo the 3adrid experienced south-west gales, vwith hard squals and heavy sea; from T`igo to Lisbor, strong gales and hard squalls, with incessant rain and tremendous sea; from Lisbon to Cadiz, -wholo galc, 'wVith heavy rain and tremendous sea; frora Cadiz to Gibraltar, strong' westerly gale, with hard squalls of wind and rain, and very heavy sea; from Gibralt;r to Cadiz, strong gales, xiitl terific squalls and tremendous sea, causing, the Madrid to part from in anchor in Cadiz BLay; from Cadiz to Lisbon'; veather more mnoderate, with heavy sea ; Lisbon to off Oporto, fresh gale, with heavy head sea; Oporto to Vigo, light easterly breeze and fine; and fine from Vigo to Southamnpton. The Madrid brings Lisbon letters and papers of the 12th inst ler Majesty's ship St. Gcorgd and-the Frinch steiner Gassendi were the only foreign stips of -.ar in port. The Telegrph steam transport left Lisbon on thie 10th, with Captain Erlam and other officers and draughts of men for different regiments in the lonian Islands. Her 3Mjetsts steamer Salamander left on the Ilth for the Coast of .r,ica, after having, on the 9th, towed off the sands below :Belem Castle the English ship Francis Ridley, Captain Watkins, with gnano, from Callao for Cork, wiich pntt into thc Tages leaky on the 8th inst, and drifted on shore during the night. On the 10th the English steamer Basphorns, from London, -in nine days, for Constantinople, called at Lisbon for coal, wlich she had to receive under quamratine, in consequence of not being provided with a bill of health. She left the Tagus 'vith the 31adrid on the 12th. The Peninsular and Oriental Com=any's new steamer Pera, Captain J. Loy, which left Southampton 'with the mails for India aud China, vid Alexandria, on the 4th, prt into the Tagus on the 11th, to repair damages done to her machinery during the late hea y gales ; but, in -consequence of the death of a passenger, Dr. Carstou, she had five day.' quarantine imposed npon her by the lHealth-office, notwit'ah standing the clearest proof existed that the death had been caused by an ulcerated sore throat, for the cure of 'which he 'was prooeedingto4Jlexandri., accomtpaniedby Mm Carston. The company's agent and English consul at Lisbon were using every effort to get free pratique for the Pera, but hadnot succeeded when the Madrid left. The damage to 'he Pern's machinery occurred soon after passing Vigo, one of the valves of the air pump having become disarranged. As soon as the accident was discovered the machinery was disconnected, and 'he shin had to rely entirely uqon her canvass, by which means 'sho was enabled to reach Lisbon safely. 7This is a strong proof of the iTnvaluable arrangements of the Peninsular and Oriental Company in properly fitting their ships with spars, rigging, &c., of sufficient extent to render their vessels entirely manaigeable in case of accident to the nchinery The Peninsular mail steamer Tagus, which left South. aurnton on the. 7th inst., was going uip the rivei as the Rd left Iisbon. The steam transportlmperador, with troops for the Ea*, was spoaen with bv the Minho steaner on the 9th. They parted company off the rock of Lisbon that evening, th3Imperador steering south; and the 3Minho entered the Tagus the following morning The ex;cessive rains which had prevailed in Portugal sub. sided in-a gieat measure on the 11th inst., but not until great damage had been done in the marshy grouiids on the A great portion of the sand embankimentfor the Cintra Railway, hich vvas under construction alongside the Tagus below hielem Castle, had been destroyed by the heavy gales and seas, which washed over it. The weather had, however, moderated 'when the MaEdrid left. There was no alteration in the lisbon exchanges. Bills on London, thete mo3ths, being still at 541. The Cortes arc to rne ttheir sitttin;gs on the 19th of January. FNoua Vgo 'we learn that her Majest's steam frnrlr: u'.-Qs, t} 1si. r oa ra bel5ongmng to the ?oreigia Legion. had pat into Vigo disabled, and had sent to Lisbon for aestance. At Oporto'ihere hadbeen much irregularity in exchange transactions. Plenty of money wawsoffering, but there wasa grcat scarcity of paper. The cachangefor the packet varied very much, ti-nsactions having takien place froni 5 to 55I for bills on London at 90 days. London wine ahipmentse were slack; freights, 30s. There were only six British vessels in the river Dourg, 'which, owing to the late wet ana boisterous weather, had become flooded, and all shipmentb and traffic thereon were consequently at a standstill. At Gibraltar the -weather was very wet, but the wind hnd somewhat abated. The'following casualties were reported in the Gibrahlar- Clsrondtee- " The Sardiiian brig Nuovo- Speranza in Dio, Captain Levrero, vhich clcared out forDar el-BaidE (Casbiaaca) ea the 1st inst., was driven ashore off the encampment of the 66th Itegiment during the night. The Vendedor brig, belongg to this port, ata the French schooner Sole have put back en accounit of t'Ve severtyof thc 'wea'her-the former from Saffi and tia latter from !Mazagan. "The British schooner Tyro, from the coast of -Morocoq, having parted with three '.ancors,- put in here this mora. a British screw steaimsip Xaxac, 7A days from lyePr. pool, arziveat Gibraltar on the 2d inst. - The Swinish e2hooner Diligeate,- J. 4-aGouzalezmaster, which siarted. faiom Gibraltar on the 4th, in ballast for Iasagan, was unfortunately capsized at the entrance of-the Straits, but the -crews were picked up by the 'Britsh bri 'Falcbu, Captain -Foote; beund-from Alexadria'for Cas, vrhich put mate the bayfor the purpose-of landing thema. I. TEn P EE Pnopog .-We lave soii to be. lieve.that tlNe aimouncenjent of a morning coutempo ary,. that'tlQ Austrian ultitulsm bhas been acceTteda eosdition aUy by Russia, is susantaiul correct, and tht her propo.. sitionis bave heen accepted asaEsisforinegotiti'on. Wa' have no doubt that-the llieflGovernments will neet 'thisL' acceptance is iendlyA irX nsmsrith a &f de t - iion, if pomibl%, toecocnde- a sf and .iourable ueo.- They must not forgdt however, the intricate eourse et sian fltomacy edfbini e^sioiss she aecptedthi& well-iowin "Four oin t'notlo anesnew it ht res12t is kfi6wits -We rust ii will enter into the preient paticerio a spirite 'thiuitill, l p0intIent On this *C0e&de-Gte
AMERICA. LIVErPOOl4 Jlw. 17. he United states nail steamship Pacific, Cap tain Eidridge, has arrived, with dates from- New York to the 5th iut., and $21,610 specie on freight. On the 6h inst., at 4 p.m., comonnced one of -the snost severe gales evcr expericnced by Captain }:Idridge,'1asting all night and most of the following day. Thee W3:s a prevslence of eaterly winds almost the entire passage. The Senate continued unorganized, the Lat baUot for Speaker being as follows:- _ EmmrLErY-r BAR.tOT. *Necessary to choice, Ill. Tho Eouse of Representatives continue to refuse to receive the President's Message. The Xtu Yo*k Dai4j Tirnes contains the following tclegraphic comnmunication from its Washington cerrespondent - " The Ptesidet to-day sent to the Senate the ratification ef M-nistor liheler's treaty with Nicaragua, negotiated Latetior to Walkeer advent. It stipulates for the recogniition of Nicaragua to the extent of all her claimcd tertitory, iliudling Mdosquito, and regardless of the British protectorate. It also stipulates for the protection and fostering Of America citizens capital and enterprise in Nicaragua, Covering, of course, an raIlroad or0anal v hich may be proiected. It *s referred to the Conmittee on Foreign lationIs. It is stated that Englandhas sent'fullpowerstoMr. Craneplon (o-negotiate a treaty abandonir4 her lrctensions in Central America, if he is permitted to remaun here. I aeriouslv doubt thq- story, but, it it is true, it is merely a proposition to compound a felony, and our Govenrnmcnt wvill not er.tertaih it. It is expected. berc that Great Britain wll prop-c to submit the Central American question to arbitrationt, ihich is not likeIy to be agreed to by us, especiallyas a present therc is nb great Europeanl Power that We could trust, e:xcept Russia." The State Legislature at Albany was in a similar predicamLent to tihe Senate, the memnbers not being able to agree npon a Speaker. From tho Secrettry of the Treaslxy's report we gather the following statistics .-Te tot:al inerease of dutiable.and free goods for the year eiding June 30, 1855, over that. of 1854, wvas $144,02S,39G, and the decrease of biillion- and specie $411,430. The 'forem n .mnorts at all the porlt, including Cali- fornia, for the same period,. showed a decline of $44,3971,293, and tlio total exports to foreign por';s a decline a of t-3,084,218. For the past year tlhe e,iports exceeded the impor.s $13,773,886. El free goodls the increase has been $10,102,064, but in dutiable merchandise there vas a falling olf of t 351,253,807, and of $3,246,250 in specie. Thie total exports of sDecie wvere 53,957,418 of domentic producUion, and $2,289,925 of foreign. 'fhe decrease of shipiments of domestic prodtuce, exclusive of specie, had been $22,40G,369, while the increase in the export Of fiereigr produce was $1,497,231, and of shecie $12,505,510. The Secretary favours the admission, duty. free, of wool as a raw material. to,,ether w.ith dymnicals atd dye stulk, but no interference.withr iron. Tihe Secretary of Waar reports that the authorized streng,th of the army was 17,SG7 officers and men, but that the actual strength wvas only 15,7152. He recoimmends an increase of compensation to the officers of the army, and a revision of the laws respectinr their allowances; that all increase of pay be extended to all enlistedl men, ranl; and file, of the armsy; that the medical corps sliould be increased; and that the widowsq and orphans of the officers and Soldiers Of the arny slhouxld be placed on an equality with the officers and men of the navy. Referring to the expected arrival of an importation of canmels in Febrnary, theSecretary expresses a helief tlat thley will be fotund higldy valuable in the military service of the country. The preparation of the armnament for the sea-coast defences is reported as in advance of the constauetions. A new pistol of incrased length of barrel, furnished with an attachluent to the stock, which may be instantly applied, and whicl converts it into a carbine, and wvhlichl, it is eapected, will put the equipments of Dragoons antd light cavahy on a footing, is menitioned. The report itO tile most practicable and economical lroute for a railroad from thue M-ississippi river to T'ile Pacific Ocean had fix:ed upon that 1e tw-een tlhe 32d and 35th parallels. Upon this subject the Secretay says: "A As military operations depend ii' a greater degree npoii rapi,Ity and certinty of mnovenent than upoIn any otiicr Circumstance, the introduc'ion of railway transp;rtation bas greatly improved the nicans of elefen-ding our Atla- tic-and in and frontiers; and to give us a serse of necurity - from attack upon the most exposel portion of our territory it is reeubite tha' the facility of railroadtransportatioll shoulc be extended to the Pacitic coast. Werc s.uch a road comrIeted, our Pacific coast, instkad of being furt!nr ;cinevcd ir. time, and le-s accessible to us than an enmny, would be brouglht vitidia a fewr days of easy commnunication, and thle cost of Eupplying an army there, instead of being many times qrcater'to us than to him, would be about cqual We should. oe relieved of the necessity of accauulating large supplies on that coast, to waste, perhaps, through long years of peace, and we could feel entire confidence that, let war come when and with whom it may, before a hostile expedition could reach that exposed frontier an ample force could be placed there to repel any attemrt at invasion. 'rone the results of the suereys aLuthorized by Congress wec derive at least the assurance that the work is practicable, and may disush-s the apprelhenions .hiclh previously we couild nat bnt entertain as to the po6sibility of defending our Pacific tenitory throughalong varwitha powerful maritime enemy." The qulestions as to whether railroad conmunication shonld be carried out by private or Government capital; whether they should rely upon the continuance of peace wultil the increase of the population and the resources of the Paciuic States shall render them independent of the aid from those of the Atlantic slone and M.lississippi valley ; or wvhcther they should adopt the system of defence referred to, are left to Congress to decde. The Secretary of the Navy repz-ta the ag-regate tonnage for the fiscal year ending Jume 30, 1855, at 5,212,000 10-95 tons, and reconunencis the construction of an additional numiber of sta e.ii loops of war, carng, each about 20 guans, and requLing. ad*ught of not more thlan 1S feet, so as to be capaible cf entering evrcy southern as well as northern pert of magnlitude. The Secretary also reconmmends an increase to the exten-t of 2,500 in thle nunmber of seamen.e! The supply of tAhis clasXs of muon is reported as very deficient, but it was hoped that the abolition of mshntent bv flogging, together with the rec=nt V1sscphne Bill of rewards and punishmen's, would stimuttlate tile enlistment. The report of the Secretary of the Interior, addressed to the President, states that the quantity of land so'd f6r cash during the last fiscal year was 15,729,5A24.88 acres`; received therefore $11,4S5,384.75; located with nmilitary scrip and Land warrants, 1,345,580.00 acres; swamp lands seected for states, 7,470,746.02 acres; selected on donationsfor railroads, &c., 11,558.00 acres: makinatotl' of 24,557, 409.50acres, exhibi.ing an increasr of 8,093,789.81 acres over tAhe previous year of lands sold for cash, and al decre-ase of 2,071,222.26 acres located wifh scrip acid warrants. The report also states that there had been issued upwards of 2,800 patents. The Postmaster-General reports a net increase of 862 in the number of post-offices. - The total tranSPOrtation of mails for the year had been 67,401,100 miles, at a cost of $5,345,23. Thegross revenue of the deparhient derived from inland and foreignl poStlges, &C., had been $6,042,130 13c., against anepepnditure of $,9,908,3,4229c. The total excess of expenditure, ell things talen into account, had been $2,2,206 IMC. The Secretary deprecates the franking privilege, andI calls the attention of the Executive to the rates on printed matter. While acknowIedging-ffully the importance attached to the diffision- of intelligence through the medium of the periodicad prds, he is of opinile that tIe burden and expense of the postal servrlishould not be borai or mainly sustained from the postage on letters. TTe recommends the compulsory payanent in postage stamps on books, &c. The estimated expenditure for 1850 i3 $10,199,024. The fnances of the State of Pennsylvania are shown by the Governor's annual statement to be -in a favourable condition. The revenue is ample forI all purp_oses, and the public debt virtually becoming less, when we look at the increased population. The total. debt on the 1st of Decemnber, 1855, was $41,0G7,094.12c. There is due by the Treasury to thze sinleino-fund the sum of $;33SSOI1 39c., to be applied to the redemnption of the relief notes in circulati.on ar.9 the fnnded debt of the commonwealt_. The greater part oi the funde debte bes interest. At the lt}e of oper cent. per annum; the basnce bears nestill less rate of interest. Notwithstanding Thc revenues for the last four or five years have largcelyexeeeded the ordinary expenditure of the Government, ye; in consequence of the large de- inarcls m -pon the Treasury for the completon of the North Branch Canal, the Portage lLilroad, and other kindred improvements, the public debt is now *sboUti 440,000,000. During the tiscal yen r which .mkid November 30, however, the deer4eamounted go O00,0L It is olulaedutat that e eipta for the current fiscal year will exceed the expeiditture by $1,600,000. ' The annual message of the Governor of MIaryland' representisthe State finances as being in a very favourable condition. The total debt of the State is $15,132,000, the interest on $5,700,000 of which is paidlby the corporations for which that portion of the debt was assuzmed, leaving the interest on $9,432,000to be paid by the State. Of this amount $3,426,000 is held by the sinking fund. The debt of the State being thus entirely under control can no longer be a source of embarrass-ment. The Governor advises the establishment of a competent public school system for the State, and opposes the redtction of taxes, but reconmends the abolition of the stamp-tax. He also' denounces secret politicalassociations, and endorses the Nebraska Bill. Governor Gardner, in his message to the Legislature of BMassachusetts, rccommends 21 years' residence of foreign-born citizens and ability to read and write before they are allowed to vote. The Rev. J. M. Pease was preparing to start from Neuw York on an exploring expedition into the interior of Africa. Further riots had taken place in Kanzas, the mob having gutted a Government newspaper office, t=roAn the type into the river, and burnt the pJaper. A report by the NZew York Commissiones of E.migration showvs that im i5 the immigration was vious year.ol being less by 182,990 than the provious year. ANW.ashington correspondenit states that Ahnonte was about to return to AMexico, where parties holding influential positions were caid to design elevating him to the Presidency. Advices from Havannah report several political arrests, the prisoners being shipped off at once to Spain. Mademoise]le Rachel had arrived at Havannab in avorybad state of health; hermedical advisers had prohibited her performing for several mc,fin s to come. The Frenclh frigates Hermues and Orestes had left for San Juan, Nicaragua. Tlie Cuban Government was in want of money. A duel of a desperate character had tatken place between Senors Villages anid Paredes, members of tlhe board of directols of the Cienfuegos Railway Company. lhle quarrel arose out of some stringent observations niade by the fornier, which Paredles tock to himself. laredes was knowin to be skilled in the usa of both the pistol and svord, with neither of vhich weapons wvas Villageos acqluainted. The latter accordingly propcsed that they shoutld fight with pistols, only ODe of wrhich should boe loaded, and that they shkould draw. lots for the choice of this. Paredes refused to accede to the propositioni, observing that he went out to hit his man, and did not choose to leave the matter to clance. Paredes, it should be added, is of luage and powerful frame, and has been nicknamed "Atttila" from his ferocious propensities. Villagos although possessing plenty of nerve and pluck, has not a tithe of the strengtlh of his o°ponent. The meeting took place on the Sabbath, in a paddockl acljoining the country seat of a friend at the Cerro. The weapon used was the broadswoxl. The inmmense stren-th of Paredes enabled im at tile first cut to brea'k- down the guard of Villagos and to clave his skull nearly i n t wain. At thc Last accounts lie was still living, but in a hopeless state. There were rumours that a iAnerican Fillibusiering vessel had becn fired into by a Spanish vessel of v.war. Several cargoes of slaves are said to have beeln landed at Vuelta do Abago, with. the connivance of the Alcalde. Advices from the city of M1exico to the 18th ult. state that the primary elections for the clection of deputies to the Constituent Congress had taklen place. Creat enthusiasm prevailed on the occasion, but no disorder disturbed the polls.. The Minister of Finance had made propositions for a lean, in referencc to wlhich a-nieeting was to be held on the 18th inst. The clergy, it is said, wvere disposed to advance a large sum, but on conditions that the C-ovei-nment would not accept. The Covernment was improving much in public appreciation from the course it was pursuing. Tapic had pronounced against tlie existing Government. Espino, Commandant of MIarine, wvho headed the movement, is reported to have taken a inumber of persons prisoners, and among them the whole of the authorities. Guanajuato, Puebla, Oajaca, Sierra Gorda, and Guadalajara had also, it is said, pronoullced, and the other sm.aller localities had folloved the example. The pronultciamaIienfos seemed to be principally the worlc of General U-ag, wlio had published a manifesto declaring that the despotism of Santa Anna hasd been stnceeded by the grossest denmagogutisim. In most of the revolted points the National Guard had triumphed over the insurgents. At Cuantla do Mforclos the Indians had cormmitted many outrages, assassinating and pillaging the inhabitants. Letters from Lower California communicate the defeat of a Fillibuster expedition under a man named Zerman (a Corsican) by the M1exican forces under General Blancarte. Another expedition, a navl one, against Mazatlan had also been dispersed, and the vessels oaptired. The commercial advices from New York; state that there had been a paLtial relaxation of the stringency in the money-malket, owing to the recall of demand loans preparatory to the payment of the January dividends; yet the inquiry was still very urgent. The tightness in the money-market bore rather heavily upon stocks, causing a slight decline in prices. There had been a decline in exchange on Enc laud of 9 to 1 per cent., the closing ratess being 1Oft; to lOSA per cent. Bills on F?ance, 5.21j to 5.25. The cotton-market remained very uniform, and the demand moderate. Flour ruledquiet, and rather heavy, thoughlprices werewithout important change. Pork remained dull, and prices had dcclined 25c. to SOc. Salt continued firn, with an upward tendency. Freights to England were scarcely so firm, but in other directions there was no material change. We quote-to Liverpool, cotton, 3-1Cd. to 7-32d.; flour, 2s. Od. to 3s. per barrel; London, flour, 4s. per barrel; grain, }2d. perbbushel.
A STISASGD STossy.-Israej Wooding, Almeron Sanfordl and wife, Abigail Sables,.ThankfulS. HeTr.. the widow Wakemian (the prophetess), Samuel SIy, 5id a coloured sans. named Josiah Jackson, have all been arrested, and lodged in gaol at Nlew Haven for the miurder of Justus Matthews. Jackson confesses that they were all Dres~rt o Sudaynight in Rlihoda Wakemnar's house.] thod sas se ws mr(lredby her husband 30 year.ao and has since been to hLeaven, end seen the Saviour and all the prophets, apostles, and martyrs ; thence she was sent bac'k on a mission to the earth. She was' the prophetcss to the deluded crew wvho gathered around her. The oldl creature bas bad 15 childr'en. Eider Sly is hier brother;- he is 50 yasold, end the following is his con-i fession. What -awfuMickedness and superstition ! He says that. his sister, Mfs: Wakeman, ivas so dlistressed with the bad spirit or power in Mlatthews that hie thought something mnust be done to remove it, and he cobsulted with Jackson in regard- to using'a s-tick off hardlwood on. Matthiews, to see whiat effect it would have upon him. He had procured a stick of that wood a fewv daysi- prev ious, mu anticipation that it might be necessary to use it for the purp ose, as he thought the bark of hazel, in connesionk w.ith aIder concotctd- together into a tea, was powerful to remove enchiautments ! This stick, which wa7s about an inch in diameter, and two anda hLlalf feet in length, lie hadc placed in a drawer is. the cellar, andwhenk he spokea to Jack-- son aboutusg itJackson inquired whrere ho ept it. Sly informed him,and went and brought it inte the lower rear room, where Jackson and the woman Kfersey wsere, and they kcier when hke -went. into Matthews's room with it. When Mr. and 2Mrs Sanford went upstairs, prepasatory to) talring Matthews away, Sly went into the front roomn to Matthews, and, after loc-king; the doors, sEtruck the deceased, who vwa sitting is. a chair blinded, 'over thieright temiple with such force as to being him to the floor, and then struck himn several timnes with the club. He then took'his pock-etkmife, and commenced cuttin- M1atthiews's thiroat. Matthews -groassed, buit did not utter a *ord after the first blow. Sly also took a tbefr,wt uhadnkieh uiae the-body. He says he did not design to use any ether weapon thani the bludgeon, hut after he hiad given the blows he was urgedi on by some isefluenee to use the knife and fork. -After the murder he remained in the s-cern lisif an hour, -when he camne ouat into -3Misr Hersesy's room, with the bloody stkic and ai BiOAi in his handt His ay n an shfirt sleeves were Mloodyj: and she - pro cured119 Mim a basin of water to wash himself, antd they cronversed ab5out secreting thceatick, nndthe tlksnplatedlit down hthe cellar. His shirt sleeves were these tons off. find thie bloody pieces burnt in Miss HersEy's stove, she being pres~ent. HIeafterwardi- took the cluab .us6d and( cut it inito thlrcee ices-, and thlrew themn into a ~vault, -wkecre he also put te kafe. e tok up- som of t-blood froml the floor and carried- it awiay. H&'then WenVt:ups'airs~,whcr tlia gatherigws and. engaged in pryer.Thsitesustance of Ihis statement, he again and again averring that he alone was concerede in the transaction. He acknowledged that hIs, knew it was armanged. for 31atthews to come there -that night, and for the purpose we have s-tated "previously. -Boeson: Penf.- - RdotnnARY or7 THE LICnPznD BANL-.AAt the~' B irm i n ghiam Pnbh i c-effc! ce ~te rd ay an el der ly m a n, nal med LAw%ton, Who for many y~ears had been a chick§izi thud bank of 5lcss,rs. Palmer and Creene,.late,ly ataijftZupt, was broughitbefore the sitting nmagistratiss, clasgedl with robbeties coemsmitte-l dosing the recrioxl of hIis clcrk.udp to t;,o aunooint of betweeqn '6,000?. and LOW10. Mr. Knight. of the firm of Knight ar.d Motteniam, of Biinuingbani,,soligitorsto, thob,ankrnptcy, appeared on the pohrt of tSlit rocecution, end. a,kcd 'for ardinantl unitil this day (Fridaiy), %refaci the casec a!aitttho riwmerb-lt ;ccordhingl. he olsenc beforethu AUVAagW:s4of thle city of VULelihl
AUSTRALIA. IEVEPJOOL, JAs- 17. By tlhe arrival of the 'White Star Royal mail packet-ship Ben Nevis, Captain Herron, wo have advices from Melbourno to the 16th of October. She left Port Phillip Heads on the 19th of October, and brought 45,00) ounces of gold on freight ; also a large 'cargo, consisting of 500 to 600 bales of wool, 00) bales of rags, 2,400 hides, 4,600 horns, copper ore, &c. She was off Cape Clear on the 1st inst. The packet ship Shalimuar arrived at Melbourne on the 15th of October; and the Champion of the Seas was to leave for Liverpool on the 25th of October. The Ben Nevis having brought a very scanty supply of newvspapers, our s ummary of intelligence is necessarily brief, her advices are 15 days later thi't those by the DXonald 3Kay, which alrTived on the 28th uilt. From the diggings we learn that the Eurek-a djsthict was yielding iamprovingly. Some "trtbfuis" yielded 151b. to 301b. of clean gold. At hIount Blackwood some heavy fnds are reported. The mania tvas for quartz reefs, wlhich were being opened in all directions. A Geelong correspondent of a lIelbourne prper wisitos:- " The locality of the late gold discovery is no longer a secret-at least, the discoverers have been found at their wvork, and havo shown the claim from wvhich they brou9ht the first quantity to town. They had taken tho precaution i7uniediatelv on comhin upon the treasure to fill tho hole with wnatei until they could secire their claimn, and coinmenced working another close by. Two gentlemiien wlho arrived froms Steilits yesterdlay went down to see them; tand although they dd not see the vein, on account of tho water, they s.v enough in the other claim the samne party is working to satisty themn of the prodigious richness of the place. vens in the same neighbourhood, although not exhibiti,ng anly indication of copper, are provin1g exceedingly i'ich in gold. A Lar-o number of clails are marked ont already along the supposed course of the reef; and soni Inndreds of people nave gone orf to secure their I miners' rights.' Several parties t.ak of startiig from this inmediately, some to establish stores, and others to workthereef Theprecise spot where tho gold and copper are found in such abundance is about 20 miles from (ieelon.,- 'as the croev flies,' or about 24i miles by tho road. It is situated between two snall creeks, which, after they unite, are knowvr. as Sutherland's-creck, and is distant about seven miles south-eanstfron MIeredith. The road to it isecellent, and runs betvwen the 2oorabool and SatherlandWs-creck. Parties going from this will keep upon this be.aten road until they come to tlat well-known hut, known as the 'Onc-armed Shopherd's'; from this hut it is only two miles and a-half to the locality, in a north-eastern direction." - A meeting of thio principal dealers in the wool trade had been held at lelboturne, at which the followinig resolution was unanimously adopted:- "That purchasers of wool at this marlket shall agree to accept oly the following tare and draught-viz., not less tlhall 101b. per bale tare anid 1ib. per cwt. drauight." Sir Thomas Mitchell, Surveyor-General of New Soutlh Wales, died oll the 5tlh of October, aged 64. His fineral was a public one, tho deceased having been much respected. From. Adelaide we learn that the quantity of gold deposited for assay tip to the ttn of October v4 s 113,350 oz. 14 dwt. and 18 gramins. COIhNIERCIAL INTELLIGENCE. MELBOURNE, Ocr. 1C. The gold market has opened with, more activity this v;eck,31. 1.5s. d. being the rulingbuyingprice at the bro,kers'. Duty w-s paid on 11,337 ounces at the ,ustomas during the day, of wlich 8,809 ounces were for the Champion of the Seas, for Liverpool; 2,205 ounces for the Ben ?fevis, for Liverpool; and 323 ounces for Hongkong, in the hands of Chinese passengers in the 3. W. A. Lorenzan. Tea, 71. 10s. per chest ; coffee,ls. Sd. per lb.; su"mr, 'Gs. per ewt.; potatoes, 40s. per cnt.; rice, 41d. per ib.* butter, Is. 6d. per lb.; flour, 58S. per ton. The demand for supplies at the various diggings still con'tinues, and gr2t activits at present evinced in despateliing stores and merchaniso of all kinds. GEELONG, Ocr. 16. A marked improvement has taken place iii the labour market since our last circular, the demand considerably exceeding the supply for al; descriptions of bands, except mechanics, for whom the cal is still comparatively small. The Gcclorg Adrc'tisc, says,- "We think that the week has shown soens signs of improvement in regard to trade; apparently more has beenl going on than rsuial, and though in pirt this activity may be tiaccablg to the Brilliant and other vessels now dis,hargiig we believe also that miore business has been done. The i;uports for the vweck are of the estimated value of 23,124, anLd they comprise fair uanutities of a nmnber of articles now in demand, besides a Large stock of haberdashery, a considerable Aeight of tea, andample supplies of bcer and brandy. On the other hand, the exports lhave been limited fo sundry smaU consigniments to New South Wales and Van Diemen's Land, &-c., which arc estimated at 9421. The week's receipts at the Custom-house have been 4,7021. Gs. The total Customs' reccipts during the past month have excceded 17,000lt. ; the excess over the revenue collected in the corresponsding month in. the p,revious year ha}s chie'dy been occasioned by the higher rates levied on apis-its, &e., under the new tari3f, and the taxation of sugar and mnolasses, which were .at that tine admitted to be free."'
COURT CIRCULAR. The.dinner ~ IN'DSOI., JAYx. 17. Th ,ine a,rty yesterday included their RoyallHighnesses the Duc ess of Kent, the Duchess, of Cambridge, the Princess Royal, the Count of FLanders, and the Princess Mary of Cambridge, his Highness the MaharajahjDbulcep Singh, the Marquis of Aberorn and Lady Louisa 1hauiilton, Lady Fanny Howard, Barones d Spaeth, LordAshiburt,on, SlirJohn Login, Sir George Couper, Mlajor r'urvct-, Lieutenant-Colonel Chapma, le, tand Captain Burnelle. The larcuis of Lan.d.wne, the Earl and Countess of ShelSurgie, and Lord and Lady Colville aarrived in the afternoon, and were -als -t th dinner. The band of the ..eair Guards played a selection of favourite airs. Her Majes afterwadst hadan evening pasty; the fol- .ha e honour . b being invited :-Lady Caroline and .iss Barrington, Lady Emily Seymour, Colonel the Hen. Nl. and LadyMary Hood, Miss Bill, Colonel the Hon. D.B.eandrMr. Phpa tw Mise 31ir.s Mcraiss.ae n V Tscet Heed(t Battalion rendierFGuards), and b. r. Thoa:s ~ ~ shotn thisTc Her: Majct~s prJivXaite and ws in attendane. d k ommorning, of manieb houn ofs Flande the selected, adth-e aujah DuepSn, the Marquis of I-so,tc3abrcer,ands Lordb Lieuteant-Cadylonel Chapmanleft the Castle ind the foe eveing Gerorg3e Couan tedielde' commnedy. cmrse ito tre ac2etrs)o e pr Tedobasd Wifene irn seethed andathe parts were filed according to the followig programmer- Major Oakley .. Mr. Bootiey. Oakhy . .3 Cr. Charles Knd2. lff ea .. 3or. esegh Murray. TrlIrink-et.M1r. lWal -er Lacy. ten uet .. Mr. B. MatthewsG Sir Hanrry esale. . Mr. H1arley. Toini (hi servant) Mr. Cormack. The i {oa maeia 'sseoas Mr.1: Raomond. Lady Freelees SerntWr . ..oma .. Air Barsby. Lad de ICrs . MaeYrz. WinLtanley. nmr Oakley. Mm Charles Kean. Harriet .. hiss Heath. Lady]Frceleve'sfaid . . Miss Collies. siecttr ..-. . Mr. Charles Sean. Ass-1tant-Director .. .. Mr. Georaga flhis. The' Theatre s=nuasl and the ScenerypaintedlbyZl'r-. Thomas Grieve, A4bout o'clock Hor Maiesty the Queen anda his Roys. Highness Prince Albert entered St. George?s Hall, access. y,.ased by their RoyalHig-hnesses the Wrince of Wales, the Plrincess Royal, the Princess Alice, Psinxe Alfred, and other members of t'he Royal family; her Royal Highnmess the Duchess of Kent, their Royal Highnesses the Duchess of Cambridge and the Princess, XMa, his IR oyal Highness the Count of Flanders, his Hfighness the Maharajahi Dhleoep Sig,The Marquwisg ofhadsow the MarqufreeviginiaisofAbercoivrnad Lf adyLouisanarilthn, thelga Easrland Countesso ShVbandeWee,teLdsM=, Lady FanHwrd arnssd Spaeth, Lord Andon,LadyuColvitleenLrdaslbrtn Sir Johnsau Logyin, Majore Homeuterlest-GandCraptluree and the Hn r.Sot Laiest and Gentlemn Rine atSth endane.t,M.adMs afrAr HerU M estys COX, n e bndy at, etendean tholthelIatre. n Thefollowing hadthe hotnorf receiviong invitationsnto witnss te p rfoussne :Hi Srnel Hlighness Pcrn nince Edwacrd f ar Weueimar,then Begin. Miniorster and Madam Van,de Weiyner thet Latadies Mureayf urs, Lady Ana Cariaan lieadMiss G. ua,rri.HnrWJdyEiy ut h en. Hery-aolnd Ms nse Hn, Lieteant-GenerMalSry THooMass andLad WIonlthie, CoonelC B and Mrs hleeM. and th toMiss'hiMSSaes, Caplay, Capta in Rle (ptaiu Retus 2&giment). r ndMs SarlGorde,Mr Ld,is and MisCo,M. Hoienryo, Li 16eutenant-ooe hlartibbn tenant Thynnt ere1serBattaion GrnaierGurs), Ladey Cao-th
I TIE MURDER IN BEDFORD-ROW. The inquest on teo unfortunato 21r. Waugh takes place to-day, and it is confidently expected that the proceedingF iiU at once throw liglht upon tho circpnstances which, in the light of (lay and in the open streets of Loadone have led to the perpetration of so horrid a tragedy. In the meantime we gather that both the victim and his assassin are natives of Somersetshire; that the father of the latter comnetted suicide sonio four years ago, while in in unsound stato of muind; and that he left behind him some property, 'which was divided between the prisoner and his brother. Mer. Waugh, it appears, vas solicitor to the father, .nd at his, death continued to act in that capacity for the sons. It is also *tated that the prisoner has been severad times in confinement for tisane acts, and that the impression under which ho laboured, that the deceased had acted uinjustly towards him, is declared by his brother to be utterly without foundation, He is said tohavo had so many disputes with arr. Waugh, and to have insulted, him so grossly on diflerent occasions, that the latter gave up his business, anti was obliged on one occasion to have him bound over to khep tlo peace before Mr. Corrie, the magistrate. Tho deceased leaves a widow, two daughters, aud a son, who holds an ensigncy in the 2d Surrcy Militia, to deplore his mclancholy deatU. Westron ippears to have been watching for sonme time for an opportunity to fall upor his victim, for oni Taesday morning Mr. Waugh told his chief clerk that the prisoner had been dogging his steps when out with his daughter in the neighbourhood of his residence, a4 Netting-hill. Theoplisonerexlhibits great indiferenceabouf the situationin which ho is placed and the horrid crime with which he stands charged. Is was to have been ex pacted, the event has caused a Iost painfil sensation in the neighbourhood, and during yesterday groups of people were collected in fiont of the deceaseds gentleman's house and on the spot where lie vas shot. Thio following account of the murder is given by MIr. W9hitefield, of Featherstone-buildingq, -who was an eye. woitncss of wvhat occurred :-About half-past 10 a.m. he was walkhig through Bedford-street, on the south side, going eastward, and obs-rved Mr. Waugh at the end of Gray's inn-passage, onl the opposite side of the street. He was going in thc auue direction, and about the same timo Weetron cmerged from Hand-court, and, crossing towards Bcdfordrow, stopped by thc railings, and, turning his face tolwards them, fmul,blcd in tho right-hand pocket of his coat. H-re stooped a little in doing this, withdrew sometliing from his pocl:et, and appeared as if desirous of being unobserved in vwhat he vwas doing. He concealed s67nething, on wvithdrawing his hand from tlie poclket, in the light sleeve of his coat. He then walked towardIs Mr. Wauglh, wvho by this time had reached half way down Bcdford-strect, and, accosting him when wvithin three yards of hiim, said, 'Yon villain, yoi've ruined mc. W'hy did yoa rob one of niy property 1" He did not wait for a reply, but immediately discharged the pistol at Mr. Wauglh, w-ho uttered loud shrieks, aud exclaimed to the informant, who rushed up on seieg wi hat had occurred, " Sei7 hiin:-collar him-hold him - he leas murdered inc 1" MIr. Whitelield put his hand on the assassin's shouilder to .secure hii, wvlien he drewand cocked aniother pistoL Up to this timn IMr. Vaulgh still stood on his legs. On seeing the p1stol Mir. WVhitefictd, having regard for his personal safety, and fearing hoe riglht share a similar fate to that of the unfortunate gentleman, drow back. All this occurred in the space of txvo or thirceo minutes, and the assassin appeared qeite cool and collected. WNhen he crossed the street from Hand-court ho wyalked quito caimly, until ho reached his victim. Mr. Wlhitefieid asked huel, after he had discharged the pistol, and before aniy one cause up, how lie could shoot the poor mnaii. The prisoner replied, "H ho has robbed me of ny propertyand ruined ma." MEr. Whitefield told him he hailow ntined hUiiself, when he said he didn't carehehaddo;ne it. He did not attempt to move fromthe place, but looked at Me-. Waugh caaluly asl ho expired. No policeman ws vithin hail, and Mr. Wihitcefeld gave the prisoner into the custo '4 of Hutchins, the Bedford-row stiectkeeper. The deformity of his person attracted Mr. Whitefield's notice; and his eyes invosuntariiy foolowed hiis umovemients, which will account for his observing so particularly what ocenrrod; bxit there was seo time, creli had the informant been aware of his intention, to prevent the pere-p tration of the crime.
COUBT OF COr, mON COUNcIL. lesterday a Court was held for the despatch of publio The LOaD MAYoi, on taking the chair, said, he had received a communication from the Metropolitan Boara of AVorls, asking for the temporary lase of the council chamber for th- Iublic meetings of that body. Mr W.NJoNEs moved that the alpplication be compled withl. Mr. T. WIuTr seconded the motion, -which was carried unanimously; and it was referred to the City Lands Cnmmittee to mnake the necessary arrangements for carrying tho snme into effect. TuiE LATE CO3BiON-SERTSJ-eNT. The TowN CLEEK read a letter from Mr. Bullock, tho late Coimssdn Scrjeant, acknowledgmin- ia grateful terms the bounty of the Nourf in allowing him a retiring pension diu-ing life. ARCiIVES OF TlES cOrP'oATIoN. The Towvl; CLERE readthe following correspondence, -which excited a great deal of interest. " British Museun, Dec. 24, 1855. "My dearXr. Lott,-Looidng over some papers of mine the other evening, I found a ineneorandum of a collection of printed proclauiations here in what was l;ng George M.'s library, one volume of whicl contained separately those of the Lord Mayors of Lnmoln in regard of mnmicipal requlations of the city from 15095 to 1i75. I consider them *ery curious, as may memorandum wMll show, and I conclude that., except to parsons who have acces3 to thio city archives and can see the original orders, they must be to a certain extent, at least, uninown. I have never seen or heard of any other such colection of the mayoralty proclamnations. "If I auvwrong, and any printed proclamations of a later date of the kind have been kept, and can be spared, the Lord MEayor wrould do a, kind service to our -library by allonig them to hc sent to us. They woutd form a valuable addition of froadsides of curious refereace for future historians of London. " I send you any memorandum of those in the Kins Library, which please return, as I have no copy of it, but you arc right welcome to take a c if you like. Yours most sine ly, u "To T. LEtt) Esq." "1CarltDn-villas.Jshn. 5. "My dear Mr. Town Clerki-The municipal Christmas holydays being now over. I trouble you with a matter which I lknow will interest your antiquarian taste. "I some time since receixved the enclosed letter from Sir Henry Ellis, but have not had time tiUl this evening to copy it.. Yoa are not only the proper authority to refer to on the octsion, but I am sure you will feel pleasure in nasisting Si.2 Henry in the matter, and I shall feel much obliged by your kindly giving me such information on othe suhjettas rmay be in. your power.n D am, dear Mr. Town Clerk, "Yours faithfully, "To Mat Ser eant aperewnether." On the motion of Deputy De , the request of Sir tenry Eoismwas complied with. At this period Alde=rmn Humphesr, who has been for aconnidesilc period suffering from tVhe effects of disiressmig and paiful operation, entered the court, and was most warmly greeted. COMITET OF TECOPOISTIOmr Mrr. Ds JERSEY moved,- " That at thc smtel appointment of committees at the dir.t Court of Common Council after St. Thomass-day next, thc underosntioned comtittees o not reappointed *o-The '- Law Bills," the "CParliamentary," and tho "Secondm ries." That th lusiness of such commhittees be transferred to a ward cpntittce, to be cacled tho "Law, Parliamentary, ad City Courts' Conunittee," consisting of 24 members, together with tho chairmen of the several committees and NommCssions of the corporaITon, and tf* any seven of snOb cominittee shousld ferm a quorumn, and t hat the Lord 3Layex and AWdermen now present (the Lord Msayor, Aydennan Cmpeland, f ldernian I eimphery, and hsderman Cuhitt) be 0pen the said commSittee." e tr. Roiss seconded the motion, which wfas car ied. .IMPF;OVsnrEcTrs si CLESSSEScwLL 1Mr. T. H. ILsI, Chairman of the Improvement Corn mittee. brotghytup the followg report, whiceh was orderod to be priuted and ciacdiated amhong tho menaers of thc Coyurt :_ "To TbyE iGHT HOp . 5ta Lomm ssnr.o , Adthe-sxsha ofD COtheqisi pOrIop E C1TY OF Lo.d Om, en COfrteo C.OUNCIL ASSEiRSL5D. "cWe, whosf names are hereunto subscribed, your Committee for Improvements within this city, to whom on the 20t~h day of September, 1851, it was referred to carry into e.xecution the act cf the 14th and 15th of Victoria, chap. 120, for completing the improvements at Clerkenwell, &c. d1o certifygthat we have further proceeded under th refernce during the post year, d have setUted the remaining claims, *amountingto theo sm of 1,21iC1., at the sam of (liam., and have aunexed hereto a statement thereof. "fThe wuord in comnexion with this improvement having beeen sufficiently advanced by the completion of the mnain~ sewer by tlfe-snetropolitan commissioners, and the purchase of the requisite property, we have acceptod a tender for the eonstrdetmo1s of tDe vaults and drains alongat e entire line so asat the earliest period to complete the street wray, and let the adjoiing vacant ground, and the works are proceedirg satisfactorily,t- - t t- - --- "We, your cormittce, vioof statedhthe further gross made hincarrbinthe provisionsof the act of Plar-. lisment into execution, have nowv:to report ~upoa-then state of the fdtds in connexion- wit this improvementn and avingexai ned Mfr. Charber.lts account for the yer endmngthe 81st of December last, we find that the receipts. amounted ±6. d89;6IO. 14s. 2d., an s-xeniue± carry on the, improvement of 8,6791. }6s. ld., and we haveo caused a statemeut of the accountto be annexed to this. our report,ifor theiK'foislatiom of this lion. Court. "All wzhich wec submit to the *udgm-; rf Lths-in Cout, dated this 17th day of Jaanuary-glm6e..s-- *a-h T. HArx " 3yn "W. DAWSON, ". oni -Theo Con havin appoiatedtitle membr io umerrs Oilthe y4rkous committeCs, wlio m)j te3mid ~,, thdy jf:ld iaom.~Iter&ad
TiH BUGBLEY rOISO-SVINT( aSm, COmxmITTlj OF. THE POSTAUSTER MR TRIAL. R-UGELEY, TnuasnAy NtIGH. To-day, at 1 o'clock, thle migistiates of the county of Staflord, assembled in Petty Sessions at the"Talbot Axins Hotel -in thus town, resumed the investigation--aljourned from Friday Last-instituted upon an information, laid at the instanee of the Postmaster-General, charging Simuel Cheshire, the younger, the postmaster at R~ugeo, wfit a misdemeanour, in having, on the 5th of December lat, opened a letter on its transit through the post-offie, and before reaching its destination, contmray to the form of thoe statute, and in this case calcuElated to defeat or impede the course of justice. The information is laid under the act of the 1st of Victoria, chap. 30, which makes it a misdemeanour, punishable with fino or imprisonment, at the discretion of the fjudge, for any person, employed in tho postal service of tho country, to open or detain a letter in its passage tbrough the postoffice. The accused, who has been at large on bail since Friday Last, responded to his name when caElld on. He is charged with opening a letter written by Dr. Taylor, of Guy's HospitaL stating the result of a chymical analysis of the stomach and intestines of Mr. John -Parsons Cook, to Mr. James dardner, of this tow n, attorney for the prosecution of William Palnier for tho murder of Mr. Cook, and with divulging its contents to Palner, who in his turn discovered them to Mr. William Webb Ward, one of the coroners for the county of Stafford, pending an inquest on the body of Mr. Cook, and by other means sought to bias and corrupt the mind of that gentleman 'while conducting the inquiry. Mfr. Peacock, Solicitor to the Post-office, assisted by Mr. Phillips, attended to prosecute the charge. The accused was undefended. Captain Hatton, chief of the county constabulary, was in attendance during the inquiry, as were several of the gentry of the town and neighbourhood. The magistrates 'prcsest were Dr. Harwood, lMr. W. H. Chetwvynd, and Mr. J. Spode. The evidence, extending over three sittings of the bench, is given below - Mr. James Gardnerwas the first witness called. He said, -I am a solicitor, of Rugeley, and am engsaged in a prosecution against Willian Prahler on suspicisln of causing the death of John Parsons Cook. I-had occasron to write to Dr. Taylor on the 2d of December last on the subject of the analysis of the contents of- the stomnach and intestines of Mr. Cook, -which had been sent to hinm for examination. I expected a reply from Dr. Taylor, and received one on the morning of Wednesday, the Uth of December, soon after 8 o'clocl, in a locked bag w ith other letters, one key of which is kept by myself, onebythe postnaster, and athirdbymy vife. I opened the bag that morinog, and found in it the letter I nowv produce, whlicil contains tho resudt of the examination by Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees of the contents of the stomach of Ar. Cook. It is dated the 4th of December Last, and signed by Drs. Taylor and Rees. I did not divulge the contents of that letter to any person; but it afterwards came to my knowledge that the contents of it had been communicated by William ialliier to Mr. William Webb Ward, the coroner for this division of the county. I have reason to believe that the letter was not seen by any clerk n any office. George Bate, examined by Mr. PhiUips, said,-I reside at Rugeley. I was brought up a farmer, but I have been latterly occasionally employed by Mr. WiMiamn Palmer in husbandrv and other out-door occupations. On Saturday, the 5th of December, about S o'clock in the morninig, Mr. Palmer's man came to me at muy lodgings and told me that his master wmnted me to go to Stafford. I went to Xr. Palmer'shouse, and he gave nie three letters to take to Stafford-one directed t4o lMr. W. W. Ward, solicitor. anotherdirmted to Mr. Frantz, the dealer in gains, and the third was directed to Mr. Glover, in Eastgate-street. aIr. Glover, I believe, collects Mr. Paller's rents. hEr. Pahner told me that I should receive somc genie from Mr. Frantz, and that I could have it senlt where I pleased, and then re-direct it to tr. Wlard. I saw Mr. F rantz open the letter. It contained an order for some "amnc; and Mr. Frantz said lie was a phcasant short of the orser. I requested Mr. Frantz to send the game to me at the Junction Inn. I afterwvarls went to lir. Ward's office, but ashe was not within I did niot leave the lct!t;r. I was told, however, that he was in the toxwn. X had no particular injunction to deliver the letter into 3Mr. Ward's hands. I went to the Junction. and there foTud a basket of game directed to me. Icut offthe direction, redirectedthe game to Mr. Ward, and gave a lad 3d. to take it to Mr. Ward's office. I afterwards went to the Dollphin Inn and found Mr. Ward in the smoking room. I told hin I wanted to speak to him, upon which he left the room and followed me up the assage, and at the foot of tho bil3iardroom stairs I gave him tho letter. I told him I had sent a bas3cet of game to his house, but that it did not contan the auantity there ought to have been in it. Mr. Ward did not o?-en the letter in my presence, or make any observation to me upon it. I afterwards went to Mfr. Glover, and gave him 121. in silver, which I understood was' for rents which he had collected for Mr. Palmer. On the follo ing Thursday, about the middle of the day, Mr. Palmer's servant came to me, and raid his master wished to see me. I vent to Mr. P.ahller's house and found him in bed. Hehad writing materials nbout him, and he appeared as if he had been wr.ting Mr. Palmer requested me to go to Ben (meaning .lir. Thurlby, his partner), and ask hibm to lend him a oL-note, aS he was short of small change, and told me to say that he should have it again the next dny. I wentto 3fr. nhrlbyand deliveredthe message, and. r. Thurlby gave me a 51.-note, of the Bridgenorth Bank, I beheve. I took the 5l.-note to Mr. Palner, who wvas still in bed. lr. Palmer asked me to look in the looking-glass drawver, and tell him the amount of a note that was there. I looked in the drawer, and told him it was a 501. Bank of England note. I did not see any otber notes or papers in the drawer. At that moment the ser-vant girl entered tLe rooni, and said that MEr. Gillard, who is an auctioneer, and, I believe, a sherift s officer, wished to see Mr. Palmer. I went downstairs at Mr. Palmer's request, who told me not to go avay. Mr. Gillard went into the room, and after he had left I returned and found Mr. Pahner still in bed. Mr. Palmer gave me a letter and requested me to take it to Stafford, and deliver it to 3r. Webb Walad, adding-, "Take care that no one sees you besides Mr. VarY." I did not like so mnuch secresy, and I asked him if he could not send some one clse9 - He replied,-"Why, George, as to this poor fellow, Cook, they Will find nothmig him-; for he -was the best 'pal' I ever had in any life, and why. should I have poisonea himr" And he added, " I am as innocent as yon, George." I went to Stafford and delivered the letter to Mr. Ward. I did not find him at home, but w-as told that he had gone to hold an inquest near Gnosall, and would return by train. I met the train by which Mir. Ward was expected, saw himi get out of the carriage, followed him througlh the station, and vwhen between the station and the Junction Inn I gave him the letter. I did not make any observation to him, nor did he say anythingto me. As I did not wish to be seen with br. Ward (recollecting MUr. Palmees instructions to me), I returne back into the station. Subsequently I went to the Junction Inn to procure a conveyance to take me on my road to Bugeley, and saw Mr. Ward sitting, with eight or 10 other persons, in the smoking-room. On gettmg back to Rugeley I communicated the result of my ourney to Mr. Palmer. lam not aware that he made any observations. Dr. Alfred Swaine Taylor, Professor of Chymistry at Guy's Hospital, said,-On the 27th of November, 18 I received a stone jar, sealed, containing the viscera of Mr. John Parsons Cook for chymicelesamination. On Tuesday morning, the 4th of Decemnber, I received a letter from lMr. Gardner, solicitor, of Rugeley, dated Rugeley, the 2d of December, on the sub,ect of that examination - and on the same day I -wrote a reply to Mr. Gardner, w.*b.eh was signed by Drr P ees and myself. It was addressed ' James Gardner, Esq., Messrs. Iandor and Gardner's, sollcitors, Rageley, Stafordshire,' and was -in the folloving terms:- Chymical Laboratory, Guy's Hlospital, Dec. 4. Dear Sir,-Dr. Rees and I have completed the analysis to-day. We have sketched a report, which will be ready to-morrow or next day. - "AsIam going toDurlhAssimesonthe partofthe Crov n, in the case of ' Reginal. Wooler,' the report will be in the hands of Dr. Rees, No. 26, Albemarle-street. ItwilMbe most desirable that Mr. Stephens should call on Dr. Rees, read the report vith him, and put such questions as may "In replyto your letter, received here this morning, I beg to say that we wish a statement of all the medicines prescribed for the deceased (until his death) to be drawn up and sent to Dr. Rees. " We do not find strychnia, prussic acid, or any trace of opium. From the contents having been drained away, it is now impossible to say whether any strychnia had or bad not been given jusst before death, but it is quite possible - for tartar emetic to destroy life if given in repeated doses;- add, so far as we can at present form an opim_.n, in the absenceof any natural cause of death, the deceased may have died from the effects of antimony in this or some other form.- "We are, yours faithfully _ _". .a{su}uRED S. TAYLOac I enclosed tlat letter in a common adhesiveenvelop, addressed as I have stated.- I-have a particular remembrance of the letter as having-been- 'written at the hoipltal- and with aTarticular 'ind of ink. The envelope was] secured witb the usual adihetive material. My practice is not only to press it down, but aLso to feel at-the sides,- to satisfy myself of its perfect adhesion. I kept- it in my possession -postd it at the office in lKing Wi'lLian-street, .and, before doing so, fully satisfied mynmmd that it was securely sealed. Thaii -was about 4 o'clock -in the i f teraIoon, - and. conseguityi ml iefrte post of that night. - - - air.'.±aone wasreclled an sai,-O rin a, h t- of Janiuary, I-recollect going to the potofc nthis ton accompabied by Mr.7flatton, thechief constable, betwli n2 and 3o'ed6clc in the' day. I there saw Mr. -Chesbini-the postmaster, mid-had -some-general conversation Iwith Ihim :if relation 'to I'he 4charge againist-William- Palmer, 4nd also. to the proposal -to insure ]Bates Iffe-. -Mr.- Hatton 'shdtly afterwards left the -roomi, and -I-then said to Siv. Cbellre,nit 'hmland on his shoulder,."But, CfiWhirs hiow did Palmer know the'contet fn- le Itter froniDr Taylor ?' Mr. Cheshire, lhesitating consl2ideraly,si"t waz lying open upon the.table., rIlookedtatit 4aad sawtblere wsas no poisdin found. I was go elated that I read that pr -of the letter and told it to Mr. Palmer."- He.added,- A'It is the only'-thing~ I'-have done: that, is wrong thfooghcnt' -the wlsole, - business.? -He - sW-d-:me.:;what-could'-bc done to him for it? I repliedy that Ibelieved,thM*t:hatbe bad done wks a felony, but that l did net Iniow: *hat the - punihmen ~ Iaskd bis ifh~knew, any-thing that of thepchtarice, -nst Hatton mid myself njight be disposed to do what wve could for him. j' - . Ellis Crisp, inspector of eclice at ugeey,4said,-I recollent. Nr. eshirc, the ponaser, buing senlt for into this room on Thurtdly last, about 11 o'clock in the morningHe was told in my presence that infornation kad been sent to the Secretary of tate, and by.him comnmicatcd to.the Prstruastcr-oeneral, that the contents of a letter from Dr. Taylor, addressed to ir. Gardner, of this place, containing the -result of his examination of *he contents of the atomach of Tr. John Parsons Cool, haa 1-een comnunicated to Wiiiiam Pahner, and by him disclosed to lMr. Ward, the coroner. He was daso told that the Post -naster-General had determined upon havIng all th r cumstar.ces of the caae fuLy investigated, and that for that purpose Mr. Beaufort and Mr. Phillips hd been direted to come here. He vas then told that the lettcr from Dr Taylor to, Mr. Gardner kad reached. the post-office 'of this town on the morning of the 5th of December last, iLnd he was asked whether ho could give any information erexplanation on the subject. A statement was thereupon askle by ,Mr. Cheshire, and taken down in writing by Mr.Philli, and then read to .Mr. Cheshire; aid he was ailked to -ay whether tbat statement was correct, w'hen he admitted that it was. In that statement Mr. Cheshire mid, " I -went to Palmer's house about haf-past o'clock on the mornin f - the 5th of December with his letters. He was in bed. I wentrtothisbedrooi,andheosid, 6Well-havcyouseen or hiead anything I told him that I had, but that it would be wron of me to tell him. He said, 'What have yfou heard? I told him that I had seen a letter, and that they had found no poison. He said he knewtheywould not, and that he was as innocent as -a baby. I saw Palmer on the Sunday evening preeious to the tth of December lasti He came to the office for a packet of envelope-s and I believe the vwords he used to me were, 'If you see or hear anything let me know.' ItWas then wel known in Rugeley that the contents of the stomach of the deceased Mr. Cook had been sent to Dr. Taylor in London for examination, and I thought Palmer's ob-. servation maight refer to the correspondence between Dr. Taylor and Mr. Gardner. the solicitor. I said, 'I dare not open anything.' I believe he said very cooll 'Oh, don't let me persuade you to do anytlhilg to injure yoursel£' I believe that was all the conversation that tookplace, and he thein left. Thliat was about 5 o'clock in the evening. On the following Monday morning, the 3d of December, I went to Palmer's house after breakfast, between 8 and 9 o'cloek, with his I ttersj of which there mnigt not be nore than ono or twvo. e asked ie if I had herd anything fresh. I told him I had not. He was D1 bed, and said he was very inwell. I did not see hin on tho Tuesday a^t all. On the Wednesday morning, the 5th, I went to him about half-past 8 o'clock, as I have already stated. I believe I have repeated all that occurred between us on tbat n or.liug. If I uset any other words, I cannot recollect them. Oni the morning of Wedoesday, the 'th of December, I found, on opening the London letter-bag, a letter addreEsed toh Mr. Gardnmr in an envelope, which was oprin, and niy attention war called to it mnore particularly by obsering, on ihe enclorure of it, the wvords 'ca-ase of 'death.' I believe those were thewords. I then toolk the enclosuirefromthe envelope, anld c.ast my eye over it, and the sig-alutre of Dr. Taylor at the bottom sts'uck may attention. I rctuirned the enclosure to the envelope, and wetted the gsnn on the zeal and secured it, 1 then put the letter into fte Hedneaford box, into rhich Mr. Gardner's lebters are sorted, and subsequently it was despatched to Imbn in his bag. Onl further recolleetion. I thinki mentioned the word ' strychniine' to Mr. Palmer. I don't remiiember using the words 'jpl"rsic acid.'" -Mr. Philli, at this stage of the inquhy, said, this vas the whhale of the evidence he lhad then ('riday lat) to offer and ho must ask for a remand, 'with the view to procure the attendance of M1r. Ward, the coroner, who, he thouht, would be a material witness. The accused was then remiazded till Thurzday (this day), w.hen he asagvain brought before the bench, Dr. Harwood presiding. A susmons had, in the intcrval, been served upon the coroner, cosnianding his- attendance before the magistrates, end eslecially the production of tlle htO letters written to him by WVilliam Palm er, and delivered to hiu personally by Gcorge B.tc. t t tA e sitting of the Court this moniing the Coroner, notwithsts:dinrg he had been so suniuoned to attend and evidence, a., still absent - biut he had sent his clerk with te ei cttncr, one ofstlch expl.ined the cause of his absence, and the other had been ,written to him by William Palmer. The Bench, after receivilg Proof of the service of their summons on tic corcner, c&12cd Thomas Addison, who said he was clerk to Mr. Ward, and residled with iim at Stafford. Mr. Ward gave him two letters this morning, about 10 o'clock, anid desired iiim to prcsent thene to the magstsrate$ sitting on this inquiry. The reason Mr. Ward assigned for not being present was, that he had an inquest to attend at Copinere-en-d, near E^cleshalL le had notice of that inquest on Sunday last from a policeman, whosename wfitness could not recoUllet. After the inquest on Walter Palmer, over which Mr. Vard presided, was adjourned on Tuesday last, he directed witness to fix einquest at Copmre-eud en t.is dhiy at 2 o'clock, which The Chainnan read thc letter whlich the coroner had that d.y addressed to the Bench. It stated that he (the coroner) had sent the letter he had received from William Palmer by the hand of Bate. Readded tbat he had no other, nor cbuld he give any evidenoc against Cheshire. If they wished to examine him on any subject relating to William Pamner, he suggested that it would be well for them to do so when the inquest nowpendino on the body of Walter Palmer had concluded. lie ape.egi_ed for his non-attendance, aud assgned as ah reason the necessity of his presence at an 'The letter from Wlluiam Palmr.er to M*r. Ward, wYhich bore no date, was as follows, the itr,lics being the'writer's "Mfy dear Sir,-I an- sorry to tell you that-I a rastill confined to my bed. I don't think it was mentioned at the inquiet yesterday that Cooks was taken il 'on Sunday and Monday night in the mine way as he was on the Teesday night when be died. The chambermaid at'bhe CrownH otel (Mastcrs's) can prove this. I also believe that a man by the name of Fisher is coming -down- to- prove he received some money at Shrrewsbury, now c,'rCl he could only pay Smith 1(U. out of 41. lhe owved him. Had you not better call Smith to prove this ; and again, whateverProfetsorTaylor may say to-morrow, he wrote from London last Tuesday n:ght to Gardner to say, 'We (and Dr. Rces) have this aiy Sfnished onr analysis, and find no traces of either strychnba, prussic a.id, or opium.' What can beat this from a man like Taylor, if hc says what he bag alreadysaid, and Dr. Harlen6's evidence? Mind you, I know and saw, it in black and white what Taylor said to Gardner; bist this is strirt'y nmrivrt- and confldential; but itistrie. As.regards Iisbetting-book, I -know nothingof t, and it is of no oold to any one. }hope the verdict tomorrowv vill -be that he died of natural causes, and thus end it. "Everyours, "<W. P." The Chairman said, he believed t.ere wsa another letter demanded in the summons to be sent by Mr. Ward, as having een received froni Late, and bearing reference to this iuquiry, bult it had net been sent by Mfr. W ard. Th.ewitness said he hadl brought the only two letters which Mr. Ward had givtr h] lim, and thatMr. Ward denied hainD received any other ieltatha h n ehdsn from - -er than the one he had sent George Bate was recalled. He said,-I stated in my exa - mination on Thursday leat Lint 1 delivered a letter to Mr. William Webb Ward in the passage cf the Dolphin Inn, Stafford, on Saturday, the 8t1h of De .ember last, near to the foot of the staiis, leadin'g 'to the billiard-room.- I believe the cover no"w prod ued is the envelope I then delivered to him. It was addressel * W. W. Ward, Eq., solicitor, Stafford." The 8th of Decemnber wais tho same day on which I took the order to Mr. Fruntz for game. The written order which I produce is as follows: :'Ir. Frantz, Stafford. Send mie by Mr. George Bate a brace of nice, fresl Toung -pheasant, and a good hare to send to london. William Palmer, Rugeley, December Sd7-I left the order with Prantz, -and he sent me soine game on to the Junction Inn, Stifford, which I redirected to Mr. Ward,' as I shtaed an myg last examination. I sca$ it to Mr. Ward because - Mr. lalmer- directed meto have it sent to uise at any place I- pleased in S,'tafford, in order that I milght redirect it to r. Ward. I also stated in my examination on Thursday la~st that I delivered a second letter frlm M. Wfliam Palmer to Mr. Ward, in Stafford, on Thursda7y, the 13th of December last, on the footway between tlie railwaystation and the Junction Inn; and tmat is true. CharlesBarter Frantz, examined by M'r. Phillips said,I am a game-dealer in Stafford, and know the preceding witness, George Bate. I recslect his bringinga letter *to me on the 8th of December last from "r. WilEarm Palmer, of Rngeley. That letter contained the order for game -which has been produced by the preceding vitness - I vas a pheasant short of the order. I endeavoured to get one, but could not get one ntime. I was_ deired tosendthe game to the Junction Inn, addressed to Bate. It consted of one pheasant and a hare. There shoud have been a brace of p easants. I char-ed 'them to 3Sr. Palmer in my books. I have not been paid for them.en By the Chairnnn.-On the 'tat of Decemixher the "h boots" at the Junction came for two brace oF pheasants for Mir. WiliasPanler. On the 3d of Sentea'ber I toolk some Lactk game, at Mr. Palmer's reqvest,to Mr. Day, surgeon, -inStfod This being the whole of the evidence against the accused, he was asked by the Chairnman if he had any defence to, make to thecharge. His own previons statelent, as made byhim to Inspector Crisp, and taklen down in wsititug, wa- read over to him, and he acknowledged its accurcy, - - and stated that hehad nothingo t add to it. He aaked for a coyy of the depositions, and said he-would have an oppor'tunty ofanswering the chtgeon future day. Ie added that he h?ad proof that the letter which he w.as charged withL opening w.as ibrwardedbyh2isn2 toits destinati2on, andthatthe messeng7ee left the office v^ ith_t a t 6 o'coiock in the msoranii on vosn it arrived at the post-once atRugee - - The Chairai said, his brother mi6imtrates and liiimself had come to.the decision to conuni6 the accused to-the county gaol -of Stafford to take his trial for this uiisde; rmeanour; but they were willing to take bhil-fof hsb appearance s,t the nie.t as>izes to ansWrr the charge'~.:-, - .. The accused saidhe wasp repared,with bii and the Benth said the aisount -would be two sureties in 30'.- aicls -and himself in lout;
FRANCE fIn ATM AWN I ' PAMIS, WkmEsziai, JAJ W 6! 6 r.ML It is said that a private telegraphic despatch wasreceived to-dayfrom Vienna announcing that Count Esterhazywas not to quit St. Petersburg even should no satisfactory :nswer be given by the Russian Governmient on the 18th. If this be correct it woula show that the hope of an arrangement still subsists. The despatch has not been published hIere. The following is the address delivered yesterday by the Duke of Cambridge on the distribution of the raedals to the French army:- "Her 31ajesty the Queen of England has deigned to -earge me wita the office of presenting to the generals, -officers, and zank and file of the French army, my brave and worthy comrades, these medals, as a token of the aordial esteem and friendship which exist between the two nations, and of the admiration which Her Majesty and the Engclih nation have felt in seeing the glorious feats of arms performed by the army of the East. It was in the great -combats of the Alma, Inkermann, and Sebastopol that the allihance of the two nations was ratified by the two armies. God grant that this great alliance may always continue, for the advantage and glory of both nations ! As for myself, .my dear comradles, the honour which has been conferred on me is the greater that I have served with you, and have seen 'With my own eyes yourl bravery, your great military qua. lities, and the devotedness with which you have sapported so many fatigues and so many dangers. I sincerely thank the Emperor for his kiadness in allowing me to have the honour of distributing these medals in his presence." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " TRIESTE, JAN. 15. 'According to accounts from Constantinople of the 7th, the advanced posts of the Russians were within three hours' :march of Erzeroum. !" I is said tat Asia wibe the theatre of the war in the -spring. " he allies, the report goes, wiUl evacuate the Crimea, witU the exception of Eamiesch and Balaklava. In that ease, the greater part of the English troops wil proceed -to Redout-Kalch, and thenco operate against Tiflis. " As to the Turks, they, with the Piedimontese, are, it is said, to go to Erreroum. OmarPasha, it is added, is to go and reside in England." "V VIENNA, 15Tx (Evsrn). "The Austran Convs-prondenz announces that Bussia has mot absolutely rejected the cession of territory demanded frm her, reserving to herself to treat the question in the -conferences which, it is said, may tak-eplace. "Pzince Go-tschakoff has not demanded his passports." "BERIN, 15TH. "Art. 5 of the Austrian propositions was drawn up not only in view of the continuation of the war, but also in the erentualityof approaching negotiations. By virtue of this -.3ticle, England, it is said, demands that the fortifications of the Islands of Aland shal not be re-established, and that is what Russials said not to consent to. "The Newo Prussian Gozetc announces that. several of the Princes of the Germanic Confederation will shortly asemble at Berlin. "The Prince Regent of the Grand Dachy of Baden, the Grand Duke o' Weinmar, and the Prince Heir Presumptive of Anhalt-Deawau are to arrive to-morrow. " The Prince of Hohenlohe has arrived to-day from Vienna." "ADRID, 15TH. *' The instruction of the affair in which the MlEitiamen -arrested last Mfonday were concerned is finished, and their counsel named. " A modification in the Cabinet is announced as positive by the Eaciciz, B. Escosura entering on the duties of -inister of the Interior, and 3L Lujan on those of Minster - of Commerce. The withdrawal of hL Bruil from the Cabinet is yet doubtfuL " The sitting of the Cortes to-day has offered nothing of intrest. "It is said that the CrCdit Mobilier wil undertake the woris at the Puerta del Sol and those of the Northern Railway. The Ministry has not yet been fully completed. "TURN, 15TnL "The discussion on the bill relative to the loan com.nenced to-day in the Chamber of Deputies. Count do Cavour made .n excellent speech in reply to-the opponents of the measure." The Ph1are de la Mandhe announces that the 90 gun ship Donawerth, which lately arrived at Cherbourg from Toulon, was to be immediately replaced -on the stocks, in order to be cut in two and lengthened by 30 feet. The Phare, however, believes that she cannot be ready in time to take part in the next campaign in the Baltic. Orders3had been re*eeived at C'herbourg to construct in all haste a number of lighters for landing the Btic military -expedition. A detachment of 176 men of the waggon train, -with 125 horses, embarked on the 14th. at Misrselle3 -forthe East. - The Pilote de la Maniche contains the following "The Commissary of Police of Granville lately opened, in order to ascertain its contents, a small portablr waiting-case left some yeas back in the care of the proprietor of the Hotel des Trois Couronnes by an English officer named BeL In the case were found securities of the value of 1,330,000f., sad a quantity of private letters. When Mr. Sell left Granville to join his regiment at Bombay he owed in the town about 2,000f., and, the proprietor of the hotel having paid the money, the writing-cae was left with him os a security. It is said that Mr. Bela year obtained leave to quit India and proceeded to the Crimea, where he lwaslcle4.; bat nothing is exactly kLown here on the point. The Comndsanry of Polioe iamediately informed the supenicr authorities of the contents of the case, and without 4outt something- will soon be ascertained relative to the b6sent oficer." The Emperor and Empresawere preseit last evening at a ball given at the British Embassyin honour of the distribution of the English Crimean medal to the French troops. Their Majesties and tbs Duke I of Cambridge arrived at 10 o'clock, The Emperor opened the ball with Lady Cowley, the Royal Duke dancing with the Princess Augusta of Resse. The Empress, who looked well, remained seated during the eveninp. At 12 o'clock supper was served to their Idajesties, the Princess Mathilde, who was present, his Royal Hlighness, and some of the guests. The imperial party took their departure nt a quarter past 1 o'clock, but dancing was kept up until after 3 o'clock. This fete had collected together nearly all the persons of distinction in Paris, and the number of English officers was considerable, most of them wearing the medal of the day. The members of the Council of War attracted lrct attention, particularly Admira1s LJyons and Dundas, and Generals Jones and Airey, onl the one hand; and Generals Canrobertv, Bos quete, and della h^amora on the other. " God save the Queen" and 49Partant pour la SyWe" were admirably played during the evening by the band, ans the whore display was an exceedingly briliat one. The front of thehotelwas lightedup with the crown, the star of the garter, the initials of Queen Victoria and the EnmLperor Napoleon, snd a wreath coTpoed of the rose, theshamrock, and the thistle, i gaa. The courtyard was alwo tastefullyilluminated with ccloured lwmps, and over theo entrance were tte igsof England and France. The price of meat for the second fortnight of January has undergone an additional increase, amounting to Id. per kilogramme for beef. ; 22c., or more than 2d., for veal; and a halfennyfor mutton. e first quality of -beef now sells mn Paris at if. 82,. per kllogrs~me; that of veal, 2f. &c.; sad muttonl, 1£. 74c. The price of beeadremizmuic1sanged, thait is50c. (6d.3 the 21b. loafof the first quality, and 42c. that of the seond.- The sus pid into the Paris vings-banks ladt week amounted 5o 8l9,OO0f., ron $,83 depocitors; and the reiznbursenent to 450,000f. The receipis of th6e Osise des Retraitei for old age -were 80,000*. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 63f. 2c. for the end of themnith, the Four-ind'a-Half per veats. at gf. 8w ; and the New Loaiat 60,-I G.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,120f.; Great Northern, 855f.; Strasburg, 870f.; New shares, 733f. 75c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,105f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,230f. W Western of France, 747f. 50c.; Bordeaux and 6ette, 650f. ; GreatCentralof France 547f. SOc.; Lyons and Geneva, 660f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mlobilier 1,250., -Austxia7 railways, 715f. Cour Authentique-PAsRs, Jan. 16.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years 91f. 60c. 5Oc. 7Tc.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 92f.; Three per Cents., 62f. 80c. 70c. 60c. 50c. 60c. 8o0. 63f£ 63f. lOc. 20c.; ditto Cerificates. (35 per cent. paid), 63f. 15c. 90c.; Bank Actions, 3,100f.; Cr-dit Foncer, 5102f- ditto Obligations of 500f., Fonr perCents.,410f.; ditto l1ree per Cents., 362f. f0c.; Credit Mobilier, 1,220f. L,225f. 1,23vf. 1,242f. o0c. L,240f. L,245f. 1,250f.;* Discount Bank, dS.; Piedinontese Five per Cents., 841.; Auslrian Five per Cents., SO~; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents,, 94f.; ditto, Tw o-and-a-Half per Cents., o3f.;* Romans, 80A;Spanish Interinr Debt, 34j i. E5xchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 35c. ; three months, meney, 24f. 924c. AUSTRTA. (FP;O3£ OUR OWN CORRESPN-D]N-T.) VIEN, JAX. 13. On F.riday, the 11tEDecember, a "FeIdjilger," who had quitted St. Petersburg on Saturday, the 6th, reached this city with despatches for Prince OortschakofC, and before noon on the Same day the latter had called on the Austrian MUinisteaforForeiga Affairs, and communicated to him their contents, which were neither more nor less than the reply of the Russian Government to the propositions made by Count Valentine Esterhazy in the nanie of this Government. The conditions relating to the Danube, to the neutralization of the Black Sea, and to the Christian population of the Porte, were accepted; although the St. Petersburg Cabinet proposed that they should be worded; m a somewhat different way. The alterations proposed were, however, unimportant, and the allies would hardly have objected to them, had not the Russian Cabinet refused to agree to one of the stipulations contained in the first point, which-as your readers wil probably recoUect-relates to the Danubian Principalities. The stipulation referred to is the following:- "' As an equivalent for the fortified places and territory now occupied by the allied armies, Russia agrees to a 'rectificationI of her frontiers towards Turrkey in Earope." In its reply the St. Petersburg Cabinet took no notice whatever of the demand made by the Powers that a part of Bessarabia should be ceded to Turkey; but it expressed its readiness to restore to Turkey the territory which it recently had lost in Asia Einor, if the Western Powers would agree to withdrawfrom the Crimea. Ina word, Russia considers the Pashalic of Kars a fair equivalent for Kinburn, Eupatoria, Sebastopol, Kamiesch, BalakIava, Kertch, and Yenikale! As Prince Gortschakoff expressed a wish to be made acquainted with the definitive resolution of the alied Powers without any loss of time, Count Buol promised to give him the required informaation within 24 hours. As soon as theRussian dilomatist left the Foreign-office Count Buol hurried to his Imperial master, and, after having communicated to him what haad occurred, and received his instructions, he held prolonged consultations with Sir Hamilton Seymour and M. de Bourqueney. Yesterday morning the three allied Governments had already resolved on the course to be pursued; and when Prince Gortschakof, at I o'clock, called at the Foreign-office, he learned from Count Buol that Austria, France, and England rejected the counter-propositions which had been made by Russia. Positive orders were yesterday sent to Count Esterhazy to quit St. Petersburg on the 18th, if the original propositions were not previously accepted purement et sintplemnent by the Russian Government. Something has been said of a cession of the Danubian islands; but such a proposal could not be taken into consideration, as the three great Powers have resolved to deprive Russia of the power to invade the Danubian Principalities at pleasore. During the last 36 hours the Austro-Russian party has done all in its power to shake the resolution of the Emperor, but His Majesty is as firm as a rock. A hundred conflicting reports are in circulation relative to the Russian counter-propositions, and it may therefore be as well to observe that the information above given is perfectly authentic. A day or two since mention was made of a circular letter addressed 'by the Archbishop (Patriarch) of Venice toal printer3, booksellers, and vendors of prints residing within his diocess, and a translation of it will now be given, as it is a still more important document than that recently published by the Archbishop of Milan .- "Px'o AUxEuo DSlAT, BY THE 3rERCY OF GOD PATRLUBCH OF VENICE, &C., TO OUR BELOVED SONS, THE BooKssLLErPs, PUBISHERS, AND TRWU BELIEvEss aR.sING Di ouR CiTy AiND DIocEss. "Innumerable are the cornplaints which for a long time past have been made to us by laymen and ecclesiastics of aU ranks of the countless works which are published to the eetriment of religion and morality; and, in truth, the harm which they do to society at large and to each single family cannot be sufficiently deplored. Such works neutralize all the care of good parents and tutors. " When the youth of the country first make their entrance into the world they meet at every step with bad, loose, im=oral books, which, like lurking serpents, are prepared to inject their venom into their innocent minds. But at length God, who directs the hearts of Kings, inspired (ispiro) our most pious Monarch with the idea of the eoncordat, the object of which is to protect all believers, and particularly i the Catholic youth, against the attacks of the impious, and the dangers of temptation. " Already have we frequently reminded our beloved son, in Christ of the holy laws of the church, and have warned them against books which are dangerous to religion and morality, at the same time making known to them the very Etrict regulations of the Council of Trent on the subject; but now it is our special duty to see that those regulations are observed. The concordat gives to all Archbishops and Bishops the full power and right to use their own authority in this matter, and also promises that the Government wiU employ the most efficacious means for preventing the spread of the plapue of bad hooks throughout the empire. Although all ecclesiastical ordinances relative to this matter are in full force, we wil at present do no more than mention some few of the conditions of the same, and more particularly those which must be literally and punctualy obeyed. " No one, be he priest or layman, will be allowed, without previously obtaining permission from our ecclesiastical censure, to publish-either as author, printer, or vendorany work either directly or indirectly touching on religion or morality, or specially treating of the liturgy, orof any other subject. " It is also forbidden to introduce any book whatever fromother countries without hav api for, and ols tained, the approbation of th ecclesastical Censureoffice, excepting in cases where the book has been marked as being among the works which are pernitted. Should any parson dare publicly or privately to seU books, prints, or paintings which are prohibited by the church, or could be prejudicial to religion or morality, be it known unto him, that we will not onlyrsuppress such illicit ale ourselves, but will also call in the arm of the civil powrer, which the Mfonarch has placed at the disposal of the ehurch, to our assistance. "Mostbeloved sons, as you wellknow that wre have no other object in view than the welfare of your immortal souls and your eternal salvation, we reckon on your strict obedience, and, so doin, we wish you al health and happiness in the Lord. "Given in the Archiepiscopal Curia, at Venice, Decem. ber 31st, 1855. "P AUlRETO MIATTI, Patriarch. "D. GIOVANKi GlIEGA, Chancellor." As the foregoing document tells its owvn tale it is but necessary for me to remark that the concordat gives the Roman Catholic hierarchy no right to introduce a "preventive censure" into Austria. Count Leo Thun, the Mlinister for Ecclesiastical Affairs, has reminded the Italian Bishops that the " censure" has been totally abolished in Austria; but they are not likely to take any notice of his remonstrances, is he i, so to say, the father of the concordat. It was expeeted that the convention withRome would give mternal peace to the empire, but there has seldom or never been sach a general ferment in the country as now. In Boh,emia the indignation of the Catholic population is so great that the authorities are stounded and ata lou how to act. A person whose words deserve full credit assures methat if the police were to undertaki to arrest all those individuals who inBohemia openly rail againstthe concordat they would have to.incarcerate, half the population of .theyprovince. In the Italian .provincep the state of publie feeling is quite as bad and'the~dsaected have now w .:r!epsnoe. Until nowr the Rumka,rian bisiops have remained quiet, butyou mybe suro thatthey willsoon.be up andrdoing. Intellignoe has reached me that somo En2glish enoineersansdurveyors; under the directiorL oft a are now employedintaakingadmeasurementslor the nrilroad betreen Constantinopie and Belgrade; They ae now in'thenel albourhood of Sophia. Two mineis belonging to W. Lee's crps, who .are examining the country through which the railroad is to pass, have already made somevery valuable. discoveries. The neighbourhood of Ihilippoiol is very rich in copper, but it would perhaps b~ better not to enter into any details on the subject. In tlie second edition of The Times of the 22d of December is a letter from me, in -which it is related that a Gendarme had arrested a pianist, who played while some persons danced in a certain private house on the 13th of December-that is, during Advent. Positive information was yesterday given me that no such thing had occurred in the house alluded to. In consequence of the great prevalence of typhns fever, temporary hospitals have become necessary. On the 9th there were 2,365 patients in the Great Hospital, which is a larger number than has ever before been received withlin its wals. The Oesterre'ichisc)e CorreTpondenz of this evening contains a slhort official article on the subject of the Riussian counter-propositions; but it can have no interest for those persons who have read the first two paragraphs of this letter. PRUSSIA. (FROM OUr OWN cOannsows3sNDT.) BERLIN, J,T. 15. A former letter of mine has informed you that Colonel von banteuffel is to remain in Vienna until the Austrian Government is in a position to acquaint this Government with the course it intends to take consequent upon the acceptance or rejection, total or partial, of the propositions it has made to Ru.ia ; it hardly requires to be added, that so long as he stays there it will be his mission, in conjunction with Count Arnim, to restrain or moderate any inclination of Austria towards any step that may in any contingency, however remote, possibly involve Austria in hostilities with Russia. Consistently with this view, Colonel von Manteuffel is sti in Vienna. The representative of Austria inSt. Petersburg has, however, already received instructions to quit that capital, -with the whole personnel of the mission, if the Russian Cabinet has not by the 18th instant signified its acceptance of theKAustrianproposals unconditionally. The Austrian Cabinet will wait over that time when it has elapsed, and the recall of the Austrian mission has become a fait accomapli, the question will be put, snore anxiously than ever, to the Austrian Cabinet-"s What next ?-and next ?' A Vienna correspondence of the Dresdes Journel states that the several Powers which coincided in Austria's advocacy of the late proposals have declared any and every alteration of them by Russia to be inadmissible; they must either beacceptedasthey are, or be assumed to be rejected;and that therefore, as no further concession is to be expectedo from Russia, a diplomatic breach between that Powerand Austria mustbe looked on asimminent. Thisview is accepted here as correct, but nevertheless the endeavours that have been so unremittingly made by the Eing of Prussia for a long time past to induce the Emperor of Russia to give way and come to terms with his adversaries will now be redoubled, though not from any approbation of the Austrian proposals; far from it; they are unacceptable here, inasmuch as they were concocted by Austria for her own purposes, and brought to the knowledge and approbation of the Western Powers without the consentaneity or even privity of Prussia, and the negotiations were only communicated to her partially and ex 2ostfacto. As regards their nature also they are as little welcome. The establishment of the Danubian Principalities as a substantive Power, with a- capacity for existence, and the freedom of the Danube, are looked upon as specialy interesting to Austria, more particularly thelatterpoint; the neutrahzation of the Black Sea is unwelcome here from a double point of view -viz., 1st, the King's own peculiar notion, that Russia should not be hindered or weakened in her mission of subjugating and civilizing or Christianizing the wild nations to the east of the Black Sea; and, 2dly, the statesman's objection, that the Black Sea once closed against the development of a Russian fleet, her naval aspirations would seek double gratification in the waters of the Baltic, where Prussia is already as much exposed to Russian attack as Turkey ever was in the Black Sea. Nevertheless, although Prussia looks upon these proposals as inimical to her own interests, and as requiring more from Russia than the advantages hitherto gained by the WVestern Powers warrant them in demanding, Prussia will strenuously advocate their unconditional acceptance, or Russia's coming to terms any how. The motives to this appa4ently inconsistent course are the desire that the war may be brought to a close at once, rather than that with extended duration it should gain an extension of theatre, and perhaps involve Germany in its vortex; and, secondly, from the conviction that Austria, while carefully keeping out of the actual conflict, and husbanding her resources, now in the hands of an excellent economist, Baron Bruck, is luring on the Western Powers to waste their resources in an ineffectual attempt to circumscribe the power of Russia, with the view of subsequently stepping forward herself with reinvigorated means, and claiming to play the part of day's man and umpire between them and their adversary, in which process she would inevitably gain a highly advanced position in Europe, if she did not actually obtain any material advantage. The relative position of Autria and Prussia in Germany is such that neither can bear the probability, however remote, of either of them improving her position much; the gain of the one is the relative loss of the other. From these motives, derived from the dreary state of jealousy between the two German Powers and apart from any rnerits or demerits of the Eastern question, Prussia will earnestly co-operate to bring about a-termination of hostilities; Austria will shortly, by the recall of her mission, enter into a new phase, which 'in all probability will last for the term of the year 185S, and may be described as overt animosity; Prussia will continue to occupy the same position towards alithe belligerent Powers as at present, that j of a well meaning but totally unheeded adviser of I peace, whose aversion to their being at war is dic- tated much more by a fear of herself becoming in. volved than by the specious arguments of the deplorability of war in general. Trustworthy advices from the Danubian Plincipalities'mention that Prince Ghika has forwarded to the Sultan his decided resolution not to continue in his post of Hospodar longer than the period fixed for tho office in the treaty of Balta Liman. Accordingto this stipulation his term of office will expire next MIay. The following exAtract of a St. Petersburg letter, written by one who describes himself as an ear-witness of its truth, will be found interesting: "JAi. 10.-In St. Petersburg there reigns, particularly at Court, a great desire for peace. The chief agency in the production of this feeling is attributed not to the missions of ML. Esterhazy and Seebach, but to an urgent exhortation of Marshal Pasidewitsch. The sinig veteran, whose decease may now be expected every day, has caused his urgent desire to be made known to the Emperor that he should give way and restore peace to Europe: he would never have given this advice to his (the Emperos's) father, whose battvles he had always fought with succes3, but froms the young Empseror, who had had no hand in lighting the same that was nowr devouring the land, ha could Anot withhold it, a^d he hoped that he would listen te the voice of a faithful sThrvant on his death-bed." - - ~ITALY. The Piedmontese Chamber of Deputies, in its sitting of the 12th, discussed a bill for the admission of students and engineers into the artillery and corps of military engineers. The bill was again referred to the committee, for the purpose of adding an article to the. effect that privates may be admitted to the said corps with the rank of officers, on condition of their passing the requisite examination. The-bill itself is only intended to meet the exigeneies ot the present war until the military establishments for the education of officers be enabled to furnish a sufficient number of them. A letter from Parma says that the Count and Countes de Chambord had arrived there on the 5th on a visi to -their august sister, with whoni they owil-s.afr days. PrimPe Don Toiaso Corsini died at Rome on the 6th. HIe was born in .1767, and during his long life oc6upiedr many important diplomatic and political ipbsts At the time of his death he was Councillor I 3tit forth9 Finanwe3, He was buried in the splen4id chapel of the Corsini at St. John de Lateran, in that cityr. The eldest son of the deceased, now' Prince corfsini,i- Minister for Foreign Affairs to theGrand Duke of Tusca,ny. (MsOMr Otfi OWN? bORBESP'ON-D=2. . ,MADRID, J. . IL ' leaiA from offlcial soires that' the ramification of the movement of the-7th against the Governmen' and. Cortes Were very extensive. Two courts of inquiy are biow sittinig to investigate the affair ;, one ~a:in.miibitoui'which meets daily at thJ Co'a-* vent (now barrack) of San Francisco, where the persons arrested are confined; the otheris a tribunal comrposedaof officers of the National Guard, which sits at the Convent of San Martin, in the street of that name, and which now serves as a barrack for the artillery of the National Guard. I understand that the desire of the Government was that the matter should be speiy dealt with, which can scarcely be done without submittinl' the cases to the prompt action of a military tribunal; but it appears that deference will be paid to the ordinary law respecting offences committed by the National Guards, which have to be reported on first by a court of their own body, and, if their decision be adverse to the person charged, he will be dismissed from the corps and handed over to the civil povrer for trial by the ordinary tribunals. All the National Guards belonging to the company which was on duty at the Cortes on the 7th, and who have not been taken up, have been cited to make declarations before the Court now sitting in the Calle de San Martin. The way in which the substance is frequently sacrificed to the form in this country is proverbial, and the present appears destined to be another instance of it. But I will not anticipate matters, but will merely observe that, unless an example be promptly made, a repetition of the late attempt would not take most people by surprise. General O'Donnell is now so much restored that he will shortly resume his despatch of public business. There are again reports of impending, changes in the Ministry, consequent on the state of parties in the Cortes, which is somewhat singular. On political questions Conservative principles are in the ascendant; but' on those of taxation and economy the Government cannot rely on a majority in favour cf the system which it seems inclined to follow. A large reduction of taxation was generally expected, and, indeed, proclaimed by the provincial juntas, asthe consequence of the revoIution; but this the Government find impossible, and matters are, in fact, taking pretty much the same course as beforo that event; and, as most classes of industry have suffered by it, there is a good deal of discontent, which political parties-whether Carist, Polaco, or Republican-may turn to account. The provincial deputation and corporation of Madrid have sent addresses of adhesion and support to the Government and Cortes. The Tarif Committee of the latter body has commenced hearing the parties connected with different classes of manufactures, and who consider their interests wMll be prejudiced by the proposed tariff reforms. The assembly is still occupied with the new Bank Bill and also with the MIadrid and Saragossa Railway Bil, many articles of which have passed. The funds are lower to-day. The Three per Cents. have been done at 35 40, and the Deferred at 22 35.
Anaexim DIPoLMAcy.-The New Orleans Dedta has an article on the efforts of the Government to prevent the settlement of Nicaragua by Americans, whicn suits, by anticipation, the present state of things in that city. The Ddtla says :-" The mode in which the neutralitv laws have been interpreted and enforced in the United States, thogahd arked bg every characteristic of despotism, has beenreally, while crippling the eneor ies andso lacl the enterprise of our people, an act of orsequious serviisty to the arrogant and despotic Governments of Earope, whose high pleasure it has been to sentinel our shores with their fleets, ehile the President in an auxiliary capacity was engfaged, through his Attorney-General, district attorneys, narshals, spies, &c., in keeping our citizens nlder duress. England herself, nor France, nor Spain ever so shackled the freedom of egress from their shores, or wvere so quick to arrest their citizens on the mere assumption that they designed, after they had left the country, to fight ag,ainst some rissible and hr,othetcal enemy. They must be immense y amused and gratified to observe how effectually their diplomacy is assisted bythe stupid policyof this Govemnent in its suicidal manner of construing and executing a stupid and abject law. The Government, if it is incapable of a vigorous Cabinet policy, should not seek to deprive the country of that diplomacy which has alvays proved efficient; and has never been found wanting in an emergency. We mean the spirit of adventure and emigration of our people. It was this diplomacy that settled the Oregon question practically long before its formal adiustment; and if it h been relied upon with more confidence, would have secured 54M40 instead of 49 for our boundary. It was the same diplomacy that wrested the Ilorida portion of Louisiana from the Spaniards in 809. It was the same that saved Texas from the Mexican centralization and joined her to the United States. This cies of diplomacy-or call it popular instinctis much more shrewd in discovering the natural and rightful boundaries and divining the destiny of territories than the ponderous and slow diplomacy of Cabinets. It is always in advance of the latter, which has never been more sagacious or vigorous than when intrenching itself upon the progress which the former had made. This diplomnacy only wants a fair field and no favour to establish American supremacy over Central America, and to secure uS for ever the ihmus routes and the Pacific trade. The policy which seeks to defeat that honourable and legitimate process-which denounces in advance the emigration of our citizens to foreign territory, without any symptom of belligerent intentions, as a crime to be detected and punished- which has its officers and spies at every port to arrest nnd I place under duress both passengers and ships-such a policy, in tendency and effect, is to promote Europea interests and ambition, and an example of it we scarcel expected to see this side of Japan or China till instructed from Washington that our scepticism was premature. We do not know whether the United States' District Attorney i in this State has been instracted to take measures to ' carry out the circUmsPeCtiOn and views of the President' in New Orleans with reference to the hypothetical equipment of an army to invade Nicaragua. We do not think Mr. M'Cay is an alarmist on this subject. We even think he has been made cognizant of the startlin fact that there are citizens of Nicaragua now in this city for undisguised purposes, without going into syncope or being seized with an official spasm, w hich can only be re]ievea by sending wonderful and portentous revelations to Washington; at leat, we think better of his nerves than to'suppose such was the effect of Nbicaraguan presence upon him,' DxslAnrmi SUFFERINGS Or A Snip'S CoaPn',s.-] In our shipping intelligence of last week we reported the:' loss of the Duncan R>itchie, belonging to Sunderland, upon the coast of NRewfoundland, on the 25th of December. Smnce then the owner of thp vessel, Mr. French, has received a letter from the muaster, Mr. Counden, wrho corrects the account then published, by stating that the vessel was stranded on the 25th of November, two miles west of Hermitage Bay, and giving a must heartrending narrative of tha suffering of the crew. He states that on the 16th of November, when betwfeen Cape Ray and St. Paul's, he put the ship under close-reefed topsails, the wind blowing a strong gale. The pumps were carefully attended to, but the vessel nude little or no water at that time. Towards iiidnight the wind began to veer to the westitard, blowing a perfect gale, varying fromevery point of the compass, the cross sea causing the ship to labour and strain much. The windthen got into the N.W., and blew, if possible, harder, the ship making more water. Towards daybreak, while in the act of veering the ship before the wind, a heavy sea struckc her on the starboard side, carrying away 'quaster boat, bulwiarks, stanchions, filling the deck, taking an ordinary seaman overboard, and causing the ship to make a great deal more water. The master got the slap before the wind, and kept both pumps going. He ran her five hours be fore the gale, but the leak gained fast on the pumps, when .the ship became uninanaeable. At about 10 a.m he furled both top. SaiLs, and ranlbare poles, keeping both p maps going. He sent the carpenter into the lazaretto, buttoefore that officer could get on deck agoain the water was three feet in the lower deck. At noon the vessel filled and blewv up the hatches. At that moment the master sawv nothing before him but death, for the wind and sea were dreadfuL HRe ordered all hands into the rigging, and brought the ship to. She came to the wind, butthe first sea swept the decks of everything-boats, water-casks, front of the cabin -everythling overboard, both inside and out of the cabin . The master, chief mate, and second mate had not a chatnge of clothes to put on. The crew remained 24 hours in the tops. It was snowing and freezing all the time. Some of the crew were so benumbod that they could not move. The master and a fewv of the men got on deckc, and got out of the cabin abeut half a hundredweight of bread from the too of the bread locker that was not wet with salt water, ana conveyed it tothe topsi-nine men in each top, in which they remuined 24 hours longer. The gale moderated a little; they then cut all away abcove the mastheads which eased her very much. Towards night again the gale in. |creased. They had to take toil-ethetps agairn and thero they remamne four nights longer. Part of the crew on each top began to lose the use of their feet and hands, and-what was worse-they had not a drop of water, and their thirst was fearful, which made them look at. each other wth frightful despair. The look;s of the man, the master states, he will never forget, for hunger is nothing to thurst, and thle cold ws so piercing he thought that the crew would have all been frozen to death. On the 6th day six of the crew- were unable to move, having no use of their feet or legs, an thoee'who were not so bad had to eac the ethers down In this sad condition the master says that his cre*r seamed to want nothing but water. But God remembered them inEHis mercy, forrtremained calm forabout eight hours, and snowed. They then saved about nine gallons of snow water, and got it up into eahtl top. ThEe next mornting at davybreak the Isle of 31iquelon asmn vidw: It lies about six miles to the weitward of St. Peter's, and was about ten miles from the ship; but they hadno boatsto hel pthem. On the s eventh daythey had total-etothe tops a for20hours having to carry the frost-bitten men up with them. On the e:.ghth day the wind changed. The only sails left were the f<ore and muintop sails. They got them set, and drifted, and sailed down u,con the coast of Newfoundland. On the tauwntn of the ninth day, being Not-ember 25th, the ship ,drift:ed ashore. a tthe time slw Wo§nt on shore the master b ad 11 men frosthitten-;-but after she went ashore they a ll remained 86 hours on 'the wreck before they got any -assistance. They made 'a' raft. The chief mate and two men got safe ashore, but could not discoverany inhabitants. The ship began to break up; but, fortunately, on the 26th, three fishing-boats took the poor fellows off the -wreck and landed them. The master wrote his letter in bed, anud he was sorry to state that the ' people living on the coast were not Only phandering the v 8e,-but were stealing*the effects of hiis unfortiuiate:crow,.:.They wilb¢esentboQuw
MEETING op if A general meeting of the mnustrates of Middlesex was held yeaterday at the Sessions-houss, on Clerkenwell-green, for the consideration of the busines of the county. Mr. Pownalil presided, nd there was a full attendance of maistrates. THE LATr Mn. SEZuxTA ADm.S Thle CtwInmL , on takitng his seat, at the opetning of the proceeddins, said,-It is my painful duty to adres, a few words to the Const o the present occasion, in caequeisce of the deceaso of Mr. Serleant Adams, the AssistantJudge of this court, and a distinguished magistrate of !this connty. The bench are aware of tho melancholyloss which the publc has sustained in the rnmoval of sow aluable a member from the scene of his labonr. This sad evert rendered it necessary, After I had communicated with the Home-office, that I should convene a meeting of the magistrates to arange thebusiness of thesessions. Wemct at Westminster on Monday las, and postponed the sessions for aweek. Having said thus msuch, I might resume my seat and silently lament a ips which X1 in common with the bench, so deeply deplore; but I cannot, however, do so! without paying a passing tribute to the late 3Mr. Sejeant Adams, who ably and laboriously served the county as a magistrate, and who for the lust 2 years presided as Assist. ant-Judge over the criminal business of the court with great ability. It was just 20 years last MoOday since he entered the commission of the peace. His commanding talents and habits of business pointed him out as most eligible to fill the honourable position of chairman of this court, which, on the 17th of March, 1836, became vacant by the retirement of the late Mr. Rotch, and his appointment to that position led ultimately to his being made, in 1844, Assistant-dge. The state of juvenile criminality in the metropolis, and generally, indeed, had long engaged his anxious attention, and from the judicial bench he constantly called public at. tention to the injnstice of treatirg as felons-infants, as it were-those unformuate outcasts of whom it might be said they werec niinal because they were unprotectedwere unprotected, not because they were criminal, but becatuse they wero poor-were poor, not because they were profligate, but because their parents were so, and wbo by desertion had been forced into crime. It was owing to lr. Seijeant Adams that the clause was inserted in the Parkhurst Act which is now so beneficially carried into effect by sending juvenile crhninals to reformatory schools rather than to the common prison. It was in 1833 that our late friend joined the committee of the Hanwell Asylum, and then he directed his great energies to ameliorating the condition of the unfortunate lunatics, the patients in that institution, where the non-restraint system had been but partially carried out under Sir Wiliam Ellis and Dr. Connolly. The vindication of al the measures of improvement fell principaly to him, and nobly and succeszfully did he advocate the cause of suffering humanity. There are in this court yet those who recolect his able exertions, and will remrmber him with lasting respect for those efforts which enabled the committee of the asylun at that time to effect their benevolent object. Happily he was spared to seethe glorious result of his endeavours-severity of treatment transformed into treatment characterized by kindness and pity, anger into compassion, oppression into mildness, and unutterable woes and suffering into calm tranquility and enjoyment. (Hear.) Of the late AsdstantJudge's judicial capacity I might say much, but it m7ust be brief. Strange indeed would it be if, in trying more than 31,O0Oprisoners, amid theconflictingopinions of all persons concerned-of the opposing parties, the prevarication of vWitnesses, evidence in favour of prisoners palpably false, and iunprobable statements of the prisonersthat came before him-he had always retained that caim and undisturbed dignity which judges should alvays display. Occasionally he was hasty, sometimes impatient, but never vindictive; he was ever kind and benev-olent. Mercy pervaded all his judgments, for he never forgot that he himself was morta and thatthose who were placed at the bar before him, howevergailty and depraved they might be, were mortl too. Be had a comprehensive and well-stored mind, from which a retentive memory enabled him to arrive at quick conch}sions, and to state facts readily. Naturaly of a kind and generous disposition, he was ever ready to assist those in distress, and, blessed with a cheerful spirit, he diffused joy among his friends and happiness in his own domestic circle. It is indeed painfulto know that such a friend has departel from among us, butwe shall all unite in anticipating a recognition in a future state, where separation and sorrowr will be ukno. My friend, Mr. Kemshead, has a resolution to move on this sad subject, which I am sure will be passed unanimously. - Mr. KEassuIw said ho readily responded to the call made upon himfrom the chair to move a resolution to the respect of their esteemed and lanented friend Mrr. Serjeant Adams. Afterthe eloqyentmannerinwhich the chairmanhad spoken of the late Assistant-Jndge, it would perhaps be pra- ent for him (Mfr. Kemshead) to move the resolution without any prefatory remarks, but his long acquaintance with his late valued iend was such that he could not reAist the opportunity now afforded of expressin the deep and sincere regret he felt, in common with the whole bench, at the loss they had sustained. He quite concurred in the chairmanes eulogium upon their late friend, and, trusting that an expression of feelig from the Court would afford some consolation to Mrs. Adams and her now sorrowing family, he begged to move "- That it is the melancholy duty of this Court to record the decease of the lateAsistant-Judge, Mr. Serjeamt Adams, ho during a peenod of 20 yearwith consicuous efficiency, filled the office of a member of this bench and AssistantJudge of the Middlesex and Westminster Sessions. The justices of this county feel deeply that in his decease they sustain the loss of a faithful and zealous colleague, and the Public an inteligent and upright judge, whose zeal for the due administration of the institutions of the country was only equalled by his benevolent sympathy for the destitute an cted, Whose sorrow he was ever ready to alleviate. It affords, under their lamented loss, much gratification to the members of the Court to record that the public reputation of their late friend for unblemished honour and hikh character has been uniformly sustained by his private virtues. The Court, aware of the delcacy due to the deep sorrow attendant upon recent bereavement, would carefully abstain from any unseemly interference with the privacy of domestic gnef; but they hope that they may, without violatin that sentiment, convey to Mrs. Adams and her family the most sincere ucoreasions of their deep sympathy and condolence, wiith an earnest hope that the consolations of a beneficent Providence may be vouchsafed to them in tlheir time of need; that a copy of this resolution, signed by the chairman on behalf of the Court, be forwavrded to MErs. Adams." i Mr. AnaSsmOSG said he had a melancholy satisfaction in seconding this resolution, which related to a bereavement which would be most severely felt. The hon. magistrate bore able testimony to the correctness of the chairman's observations, and The resolution being put was carried unanimously. Onthe report of the ommittee for Accounts and General Purposes the Court ordered the payment of bills, salaries, and demnads for the past quarter to the amount of 13,9971. 12s. Gd.; and a rate of 3Ad. in the pound was made, including the lunatio asylumrates. It appeared from a statement presented that the total exP enditue incurred for the county from the 1st of January to the 31st of December last year was 116,1221. 15s. 10d., the following bein' the items:-House of Correction, Cold Bath-fields, 25,4891. 3s. 3d.- ditto, Westminster, 22,8681. 17s. 7d.; House of Detention, 9,7837. is. 3d.; Hanwell Asylum, 7,3751. 1Os. 9d.; Colney Hatch ditto, 30,534W. 15s. ld.; luntics in urivate asylums, 1,9- . 2s.; coroners, 9,26U. 12s.; weighis and measures, 1271. ll. 8d; registration of county voters, 4581. 9s. 7d. - bridges, 6761. lls. 2d.; Building Act, 1,0001.; clerl of the peace, 510L. 0s. 10d. ; Sheriff of Middlesex, 931.; 4lebtos M., -rcilitia, 6,21. 1.; law charges, 4131. 19s.,; county treasurer, 8311. 0s. d. ; clerks to coimmittcs, 221. 15 3d. SeBins'-huse,Clerken-well, 876L. 15s. 6I; ditto Westminster, 4431. 2s. 9d.; printing, &c., 9571. 7s. ld.;* Irish and Scotch paupers, 981. se. lld.; incidental expenses. 561!. Os. S98 The reports from the prisons presented no facts worthy of mention. THE LUNA`T1c ASYLU3. The annual reports of the justices of these institutions were brought up. They contained a good deal of staftstical matter, and referred to the great want of further accommodation for the pauper lntics of the county, 600 beds being required more than the two asylums could furnish at present. The reports were ordered to be printed in the usual way, and the question of the-proposed outlay in re et ofo h teased accommodation to oe considered on the next county day. w T'he resignation, by Colonel Fraser, of the office of governor of the House of Correction ati WVestminster, to which h~e wzas but recentlyappointed, w;as acce pted, he having been selected to ~be chief officer of the Berkshire constabulary, now forming; and, as his services in that capxcity were required forthviith, the Court at once released hnm from his duties as governor, and appointed the chief warder to act as governor nra tern- Th committee elxpressed their regret At osoing Co nel Fraei s services. A good deal oF the formal quarter sessions business was isposed of, and, after sitting more than four hours, the Cours adjourned
SHIP NEWS. RPllT. T.- - 'Win S. The James of and for St. Ives from Quebec, wasabandDned at gea on the 30th of Nloember ; crew saved. Arrived.-The Pacific, from New Yorl; sailed Jan. 6, has $iullO on board-the Margaret. from Havre-the Sarah Sands, from thb Crimea-the Ben Nevis, from felbourne, aied Oct 19' han 45.ODDoza of god on boast Saled.-T eFraneso LforCearm-tre LordElgia, for Deme.-ar*thco Mourin, for New Orleans-the Constantine, foir New York. J.Ne. 18. The Sarah Thompson here today from New Yorkwas hbre ou hte beam ends in a heavy galefDle. 20., from E. to XN.E.; lost boats, bul waris, c.a. and became leaky in topside3; one seaman killed. Dec. 0. -Afterheavygales threwoverboard fromSD to103tonsof cars, lee' sails, spars, AC, The Siam, from this port, for Savannah, whIle lying off Tybee struclc on a shoal end got off Jleakdng badly, was beached in St. Uatherineb. sound, Itwas feared she would be awreck, Arrived.-The Catherine Morison,. from Alexandria. SOai1ed-TChe Munsdeeps, for St. Nicholas-the Record, for Coastan, hThe Marathon, fom thispoDt, and the Alice Brookis, from Singapore, The Sha1ima, the Shakimason, the 1Mfonteacle, the Constane., an(l hefl G. Fleming, kern this port,-the }LWinch, from Tome, and the Kensington, f-rom L ondon, bare arrived at 31elbourne. Off the Port.-The2Ni3s, fwmCopenhagen-the Salcne,fromOstend. Losnooy, Jan, 17.-Wmd at noon, S.W.; lght breeze, The Diana proceedingdownthe riveryesterday. when off Greenwicb, came hnicontact with the Gottenburg, from GrimsbyforLondon, when the latter received consitderabledasnge. FAnouorEc, Jan. 16.-Wind, S.W. Anived-The Johm Barrow, from Madras for London, with loss of an anchor and cable, and windlass broken-the Great Britain from Calso. BZsrsror, Jan. 17.-Wind, S.W. Arived-Tbe City of lLimerick, from Glasgowv-theMfaria, Leocadie, from Melbourne-the Adelaide. from Nyborg-thec Venns kernm Smymathe Torwarts, from Elenabuarg-the brothers, from Milfoed-the Wanderer. fwromork, <esos, Jan, fl-The ThomasRidley, from CallaoforOneenstown, pntinhecle on tdhe 8th of January leaky. with loss of bulwarksl to., C-snag, Jan. 10.-The John, of Bristol, from Liverpoo' for Gibrasdr, was driven ashore yestrnday about three miles krn Conil and was breoaing op fast. The master, stew and one mar drowned, The Blanca, sailed heumc on the 3d of December for atamh , but putd ackonthe,tbofJanuary, an ngthenijht was drven ashore on the opposite coast 2a soldiers diwured,l isa Prenix, of Sonderland, from Alexandria for Quecustow n or FD1 month, was driven on the Cochin Iocks laat night, has sunk, and will become a totalvneck; the master and six men saved. hT y, Jan. 3.-The lUnicorn has been dcatmyed by fire nmce Yazor City; pa ssegere saved; a large amount of money was lot. Prcourn, J,an, 16.-The Ma3rathon, from Bristol for Constantinope. ithp easd hy,put hack- here to-day ieaky, and with cargo aupSposito boon fire. ' ic3g Quorzessrowy Jan. 17.-The San Domingo, from Triestd, arrival here last evening fulof vwater, was run shore, and in now sank Cos.r.y Br,osxso-onn Isr. oy Sawn, Jan. IL-The Malabar, front QuebecfortheClyde,withesmher,isashore at Hyaker, west aide ot the Is;land of North 1st, and lik-ely to become a neck. GRAVESEND, JAN. 17. (BY S8nnARu- S-n Brr Ts ors1Lp (From loyd's.) 9.30 a:m.-W`nd,S.W.; tide, twohors' ebb; cloudy. 1 p.m.-Wmd, S.W.; tide, threequarter ebb ; fine. Arrived-The Selae, from Boulogne-the Fortitude, fromRnMuthe Despateb, from Tercefra-the Progress, from Gibraltar. S p m.-wimd, SW. ; tide, low water; ight.-No areivals. Sailed,-The City of London, forr Dunkirk-the Mademblick, fr Alicante-the Bavensbooxn, for Antwerp-the Sir B. BankS, foc 7,30 p.m-Wind, S.W.; tide. fire hours' flood; weather, freh. with raim Arrived.-The Comet, from Madeia-the Sema, from Baltimorethe Arena, from Jamaica-the Taymouth Castle, from Maragan-tha Souter Johnny. from Calcutta-the Olivia, from Callao-the Fear Not, from Leghorn-the City of Rotterdam, from Dnuldrl;-the Harlingert, from Harlingen-the TrueBriton, from Gibraltar-the Crescent, tha Courier, and the Sketkiel, from Guernsey-the Mary Jane, frommS'. John's, Newfoundland-the Sarah Ann, from Gijon-the Giprey. froa Jersey-the Alliance and the Atlas. from Guernsey-the Hannah Jan., from Seville-the Constantine, from Alexandria-theShornboouh, from Guernsey-the AlbertAuguste, from Caen. Sailed-The Bitie Prouan for Syria-the Karagooy, far Algo3 Bay Arrived, Jars. 16.-The Baron O.y, from Antwerp. Saled.-The Forsester, for St Vincent-the rapid, far Terceenthe Frigate Bird, for Philadelphia. DEAL, Jay. 17. fBw Snaem-s fl-n BAN s Ram TZncsons, ) (From lIoyd'z) g tm.-Wimd, S.S.W.. fresh, aassed,-TheArena, from Jamaica-Ocean, from Baltiranra-th3 Royal Shepherdess, from the westward, aU for London, Anchored.-The Iron Gem. from L,ondon for Newpot-the Bet tude, from Dunadee for St. John's-the Finza Stowecord, from Nevrcastle for Caen-the Agaomermon, frm Calcutta-the Bombay. No 24 transport, from Plymouth-the Jessie M'Farlane, from Pening-the Tradewind Sdp, from the westward, al for London. Noon.-hiud, S.S.W., fresh. Sa3ied.-The Agunemnon-the Jessie-the I'Farln-sndthe Born. bay, all for the river. 2 p.=.-lWd,.SW.; fresh, with thirkl-sin, Prasse&-The Jesus, from Havannab-the Saxon Ring, from the MNuritius-the Pauline, from Savanilla-the Suif SftMrfrem tho Cape of GoodHope-the George Canning, from Swansca, all for London-the D'Arcy, from Liverpool for Newcastle-tho Cornellh, kr0I Moulmein for Amsterdam Anchored,-The Charles Fowler, from HullUfor Havannah-the gun. boat Seagull, frm Sheerness, 7.30 p.m.-Wind, S.W., modeate. Arred and iPasse-The Svihowy, from Alexandria for Hull-tr Malrina, from London for Limerick-the Eulenie, from the westward -the Lotus, from the South Seas-the ry Pon3ield, from Brazil. at1 for London. Arived and Anchored.-The Aqulaa d'Or, from London for Cadiff-the Matchless, fromBRochester forPlymouth-the Ellen Murrsy. from Shields forJeraey. Sailed.-The Tradewind, for Botterdam Passed Dungeness on the l6th.-The Olivia, from Calao-thae Ba0 gres, from Da tmou th-the Comet, f-omMadeira-theSouter John v, kerm Calcutta-the True Briton, from Malta-the Beatrice anid the iAnnie Wilson, from Callao-the Simla, from MoUnLMctu-ttr Linnet Obbs, from Prince EdwarcrlLaud, aUifor L ondon Anchoredon thel6tb-The Leo. from Haetlepool for Harm, - TtV.s a So'onur W-- W The l Re4ovaio, from 9 Magn for Qucenston or Falmoutli, JAr6, inlat. 40NW long S9W. TheJohnkzox from London forMobile,shortofbread,De2c.; A ship, under English colours, showing No. ii7 3d distigaigishig pendant. Jan, 5i, inlat, 29 N., long. S6 W. The Parnou,underYceuisc San Deec 26, in lat. SN1:., ilon. 2W. A large rron ship, with 10 pot, showing No. 7SS 3d dis;trgulsc p;endasnt, eteesnag northwiard. The Haides, from F oo-chow-foo for lRewrork, Nor, 21 in lit, 24 '5, _Thce Jula, from Newr York for Arracan, Dec. 12, in lit.? 7., lo1mg A large ship.,with doubletpDorts,under jnr-topmasts, Jan. 9, inL3tTSN ., long.i 17 . HIGH WATER AT LO1DON-BRIDGE THI DAY, Ibiran - .. .. 28 mm. after 91 AfternMon .. min. a1ter 10
f: ', .ot LAWRPORT. : - CORT F OCY. LCGf-, J3AI. i7. DOTLYAN V. NOli}R_ * (Bnor e thLORD. (,HACELLo.) This was an appeal from a decree df the-Master of the Polls, dismissing the biU with costs. The. bbect of the sait was to _et aside a deed of the 26th of January, 1849, by which the plaintiff conveyed to Sophia Iaslett, the sister of the defendant Laslett, his interest in the residue of certain nreises ZtTwickenham, on the groundthat then2haadbecn fraud and concealment in the manner in which the deed had heen obtained. The alleged fraud consisted in a concealmnent, stated to have taken place by suppression of the fact that an agreement had been entered into on behalf of the eefendant Laslett, or his sister, with Lady Waldegrave for the sale of a portion of the premises for 5,4001.-a fact, as wasalleged, if ithadbeenknowntotheplaintiff, whichwould have induced hirt, the second mortgagee, not to sell his int,rest, in the premiics for the amount of 1,0001. The Master of the Rolls was of opinion that the plaintiff had- failed in a':owing sullident to avoid the contractenteredinto by him, and dismissed the bill with costs. Mxf. W. 31. James and Mr. Elderton. appeared for the dLntiff (the appellant); Mr. R. Palmer and Mr. A. Smith kupported the decree. The case was not concluded. (Beforc the LoRDs JuSTICES of APPEAL.) - DRESSER V. HOARE. The short facts of this case, which was an appeal from a ilecision-of Vice-hancellor Kindersley, were as follows - Mr. Dresser, carrying on business under the firm of Dresser and Co., entered into transactions with a Swedish merchant named Norrborn, resident in Sweden and carrymg on business there. The transactions were that Mr. Norrborn should consign -to ports in England cargoes of timber, and that Mr. Dresser should find purchasers, and to have the consignments sent as the purchasers should direct. Mrr. Dresser acted upon this, and so informed Mr. l'orzborn of the contracts he had entered into, the cargoes of Baltic tim'cer to be delivered at certain specified ports. On the faith of this arrangement Mr. Dresser acce~pted bills drawn n hirn- bv Mrr. Norrborn in anticipahon of the- proceeds of the cargoes, and before the cargoes were sent. Mr. Xorrborn did not corsgn the cmrgoes of timber as ageed. The foregoing arrangement was made in November, 1852. In October, 18i3, Mr. Norrbom wrote a letter 'to 3Messrs. floare, Buxton, and Co., which was delivered by 3Mr. Gustavus, another Swedish merchant, in 'which he (31r. :Xorrborn) informed Messrs. Hoare and Co. that there were ,ertain cargoes of timber belonging to him consigned to England, anid that the bills of lading and other shipp papers were enclosed to them. In the same letter was enclcsed a bill of exchange for 1,3121., drawn by him upon Dresser and Co., and a letter representing that Dresser and Co. were his debtors to that amount, and directing them to -get the billaccepted, and, upon acceptance and admission that the money was due to him (Norrhorn), and that the cargoes lied been received by Mr. Dresser, to hcnd over the hills of lading to Dreser an d Co. Mesrs. Hoare and Co. immediately sent a clerk to Dresser and Co. with the bill for acceptance, and to deliver the letter, and then, Mr. Dresser ~and his clerk being present, Mr. Dresser did not at once accept the bill, and on a later occasion denied that the account w.-as correct, but that, -on the contrary, 3£r. Norrborn was his debtor; but he received the invoices, and was told that the bills of lading would be delivered over on the acceptance of the bilL Mr. Dresser said at these interviews that the course was a strange one on the part of Mr. Norrborn, and his (Mr. Dres-ser's) clerk said it was "1 a regular swindle." The bill, however, was accepted, and thebills of lading were handed over. In a suit instituted (for an injunction to restrain an action brouglst aginst 3Mr. Dresser for the amount of the bill of lading) by 3r. Dresser against Hoare and Co. and Mr. Norrborn, certain accounts were direced, and the ViceChancellor directed that this sun of 1,3121., the proceeds of the bill of exchange, should be allowed to Hore and Co., zs payments in resPeCt of other bills of exchange drawn en them by Mfr. Norrrn, from which Mr. Dresser appealed. The appellant contended that the observations made at the interviews were sufficient to put Hoare and co. npon inquiry, for that those observations were suficient notice that the title to the cargoes vas disputed or doubtful, and that the conduct of Norrborn was franudlent; while for the respondent it was rgued that Mir. Dresser having accepted the bill had thrown them off their gruard. dEr. lFee and M£r. F. S. Williams appeared for the appellant; Mr. Sw,-anston and Mtr. Druee for the respondents. Lord Justice K5sIx}nT BBncE wished it to be distinctly understood that he did not. by anything he might say, attrinute the slightest refhection upon the highly honourable iirm of Messrs. Hoare, Buxton, and Co. l}e was of opnon that, upon the evidence contained in the correspondence, the cargoes had been appropriated in equity, at least, if not at law and in equity, and that Mr. Dresser had a rght to insist upon the giving up of the bills of lading; that bare, Buxton, and Co. had no better right than . Norrborn, 'who had no authority to direct them to detain the plaintiffs roperty; that,although itdas not possible to aprovepthe imprudent conduct of Mr. Dresser in accepting the bil, it tounld only have opration in respect of eosts; that whoare, Buxton, and Co. had no right to act,as they had done, and that the bill of etchange remained in equity the property of 3ar. Dresser; and that, therefore, the orderof theaVice Chancellor must be varied. shord Justice Ts siidthat if the case had depended simply on the point whether MIr. Dresser should have retufred the bills of lading, le should have anreed with the sVice-Chacellor that he ought; but it was the plain duty of 31r. iNorrborss to consign the goods to M1r. Dresser, w;ho had a1 dlear equity to prevent the goods being otherwvise dealt 'with by MIessrs. Roars, Buxton, and Co.; that the evidence show ed that thc cargoes had been appropriated, and, there. fore, there w as origially an equit; and the question then was w.hether that equity had been lost, and that Messrs. Hoare, Buxton, and Co. had full mnowledge that the transaction was impeached from fraud. IEs Lordship agreed that the crder of the Vice-Chancellor must be varied, and that the Court must declare the defendants were iable to the ;laintiff in the amount of the bill of exichange.
ROLL' COURT. C wCmmY-A-E. Jt. 17. IN r. - A RAT.TT'IY (Before thie aLsmTR of the RoT.) ,fr. D .LINGTOON applied to the Court that a writ of attachment might be issued against a solicitor, under the -following-circumstances :-Thero was a soit pending before the Cotmt in which a defendant had been committed to prison for contempt in not having put in his answer, but had been released upon his solicitor entering into a formal nmdertalcing,i writing that the answer should be put in on a stipulated day and costs, to the amount of 8S., paid. The time allowed for the answer to be put in and the costs raid had now expired, and neither the one northe other hadbeen Zone. The present motion, therefore, asked for a writ of nttachment against the solicitor for breach of faith on his mundertaking, and also that a fresh writ might be issued against the defendant. His Hoxoun granted the nit asked for against the defendant, and, as far as the costs were concerned, against the solicitor; on the understanding that the latter should be served at once with a notice of the order, and eight days should be allowed before it was enforced.
VICE-CHANCETLRs' coTfl.Tq T.ns- x.T 17 RLi .E THE AMA ON TIE ASSRMANCE A2ND LOAN (Before Vice-ChancelZor Sir R T. XfDERSLEY1 This was a motion by Mr. Hutchinson, who had been pLaced on the list of contnbutories in the above compan that an order of the Master, by which a Mr. Amos Blaclhurne, an independent minister, had been struck off the list of contributones, might be reversed. It appearedthat the company was provisionally registered in April, lS5S, and completely registered on the 12th of August following. The company becoming embarrassed, a winding-up order was made in October, 1854, and the official manager took in a list or contributories, dividing them into three classes-A, 3B, and G-A being those who had taken shares and executed the deed; B, who had taken shares and paid deposits, but bad not executed the deed; and C, those to whom sh'ares lad been allotted, but who had neither paid deposit nor exsecuted the deed. About the classes A and C no question -was made; but Mr. Blackburne, being in class B, objected on the ground that, whereas he applied for 50 shares in the Amazon Life Assurance, Loan, and Sickness Benefit Society, .,uch shares were allotted to him in-the Amazon Life-Assurance and Loan Company only. Upon this point the blaster had struck his name off the list, and that order was now -rppealed from. Mr. Cairns appeared in support of the motion* Mr Selvyn appeared for BMr. Blackburne ; Mr. Roxburgk for the official man:ger.I The VYcE-CHayNCELL,O thought that the onus lay with the official manager pnimd facie to show that certain ties ought to be contributories, and not on them to show that they ought not. There was a printed prospectus in a certain orm, which was afterwards altered; and, it might be, and mnst be, assumed that Mr. Blackburne applied for shares in consequence of such first prospectus, anndthat being so, it was not suffcient that the alteration took place before his shares were allotted, but the onus lay on those who sought to puthimonthelisttoshowthat he knew of the4ateration. UpontliisgroundhisHfonourthought that the X,aster was right-, and the mnotion must be refused - hut as it appeared that al class B were contributories on the same footing, the costs must come out of the estate. (Before Ficc-Chancegtor Sir J. STvTART.) STUPART V. ARHEOwsIrs-n7 This was a bill by the plaintiffi on behalf of himself and Jll other the shareholders in the West-end and Southem Counties Junction Rlalway Compay except> the defendants, and such others (if any) of the shreholders wse interests v.ere satisfied, against the managing committee of the company, prayingfor am account of theirreceipts and payments, and raying also that the payment by them of two sums of J,Ml. and 450L mifght be declared to be fraudulent as against the plaintiff and those on whose behalf he.sued. The case oias argued on the 9th and 10th of November last, and reported in l7e Times of the 12th of Novejnber. Judgment was nowr given. 31r. Wigram and Mer. Rogers appeared for thice aintiff and Mhr. Blacon, M1r. Malins, Mr. Shapter, M1r. Sheffield, - ,r. Nichols, and Mtr. Cairns appearec for the defendants. The Vi5-OUOE-H XCEL-T.he plaintif John Stis .f, ns.'ae a% suhecriber or shareholder in an abortive a wavl~y rompny, and he sues on behalf of i sefadalub sK ribs or shareholders, except the defeudants and exceept such other (ifansv) of the shareholders whose interests have Zcen satisfied in n manner stated in the biL. The bill trays for a ge'1errLsicount of the receipts and payments of the deendants thNe mianaging commte,adas ry that theypa:men.bythem of two sums of l,f0-. and 456 7 tbief decaLred and deeraed to be fraudulent ait the plaintiff and the others onv,oebhafh us.Tecm pany ~was projected in Fe&-aary, !84.5. The 'defendants admit that the plaintiff, Stupait, took 25 share, on which MLpaida lenxatof It. 103d . per &hare.* 8In the beenningof thme yeaLr 1844 it was as-certained th'st the undertakinig could tot beproceeded with. A public meeting of -all th'eshareholders was summoned and duly adveit.,sed to be held on the 31s of January, 1846. At this meeting, duly conven- a report of the managing committee was nkae, and the acCounts of th comnittee were produced, whidL showed tha sewhole account of receipt3 for dep= Val QiTjares7wag 8,8121. 10s.,-and tha, after addingto this sim the interest allowed on balances, and deducting all the payments ade for engineers, Parliamentary aeuts, advertiements, and other expenses usually incurre in such cases, there remained abalance of 4,0541. 6s. 7d. After some discussion at this meeting, it was resolved on this statement of its affairs that the company should be dissolved. Accordinly the managing committee proceeded to apulv the balance in returning a dividend to the shareholders, and in February, 1846, a dividend of 12s. for each share was declared to be returnable to the shareholders. Not only were there public advertisements of the payment of this dividend, but the plaintiff admits that he recdved a letter, dated the 16th of Zebruary, 1846, informing him that he was entitled to this dividend, to which he immediately sent a reply, in which he made no objection to any of the proceedings. The defendants insist that the suit is improperly framed, inasmuch as the biU admits that the great majority of shareholders who accepted the dividend and executed the release are directly interested Iin the result of the suit; but are not made parties to it. The attempt to get rid of this difficulty by maaldng Murrell a defendant as one of this class, and insisting that he suffIidently represents the interests of the whole class, seems nugatory and exposes the imperfection of the frame of the suib. The principle of allowng an individual to represent a class cannot well be applied tothe case of a suit which seesto disturbasettlement and release executed by the groat majority of themembers of an assocation on the ooting of an account stated as to the whole affairs of the association submitted to all its members. To disturb the account which is the foundation of tLe release may tend to disturb the release itself, and affect the interest of each individualwho executed it as a final settlement of the aflldis of the association; but it seems unnecessary to dispose of this case onthe objection tothe franie of the suit as to the parties to it. The plaintiff on the evidence has wholly failed in showing any right to a decree for any part of the relief whichhe prays. So far as specific relief is prayed as to the sums of 1,0001. and 4501., the'allegations in the bil are entirely displaced. The plaintiff alleges that these two sums were improperly applied from the funds of the association to buy up shares in the market, in order fictitiously to raise the price for the personal benefit of the directors, and not forthe generalbenefit of the shareholders. But the defendants have fully explained the transaction. They have shown that those two sums were borrowed from and repaid to the funds of the company; and that the loss on the shares purchased with them was debited to, and made good by, the individual directors. No loss accrued to the plaintiff or other shareholders, and therefore, as tothe relief sought in respect of these two sums, the bill must be dismissedL The nlantiff, however, asserts a right to a general account of all the dealings and transactions of the defendants, the directors, with al the moneys paid to them by all the subscribers and shareholders. This general account, however, has been already stated and approved by the great majority, who have testified their approval by receiving their shares of the balance and excecuting a release. Th.e dissblution of the association was -agreed to uwin the statement of the account. Theplaintiff now asks the Pourt to sanction theprdceedingsof the majority as to the dissolution, but to disturb it as to the adoption of the account. In the transactions of such associations, where the number of persons associated is so great that it is impossible to brmig them all together at any meeting, and where ,publicity and general notice to' all is necessary to nmake valid any proceeding by which all are intended to be bound, it is of great importance that proceedings adopted at a public meeting duly convened, when those proceedingsare sanctioned an adoptedby the majority of shareholdes, should not be disturbed on light grounds. The principle of representation on which the other members .are affected by the publc and reasonable conduct of the ma- jority must be recogniized as substantially just, and| IS, indeed, in accordtance with the principle on whichI in suits in this court one member is allowed to sueI on behalf of himself and others who are not actualy present as parties before the Court. Cases may occur anwhich it might be unjust to allow the majority to bind| individual interests. But, in general, the aff'airs of suchI associations could never be conducted or wound up in this court, or out of court, if any individual member had the arbitrary power of disturbing and unsetlng accounts where no error or fraud is proved, and where the account has been regularly stated andapprovedbythe majority on a proper occasion. Wherethe statement of the account is wishheld, or proper opportunity to investigate is refused, there may be legitimate ground of suit. Or when, upon investigation, any fraud or error can be shown, there is a right to rdlie But here the plaintiff seeks to disturb the stated account without proving any fraud or error In a recent case, "WFilliams' v. Salmon", before Vice-Chancellor Wood, Ifind, from the shorthand writer's notes, that the defendants had withheld from the plaintifi a shareholder, reasonable access to their books and acounts and the production of them was obtained only by the suit; but, as te plaintiff was unable to Prove, at the hearing, any fraud or error in the accounts, tha bil was dismissed with costs; but, on a very sound principle, the defendants were only allowed the costs of the suit from the date of the order for the production of the accounts. In the case of " Clements v. Bowes," before Vice-Chancelor Kindersley, ' on a bill by shareholders against the directors, where the evidence established a case for charging them with a large sum of money which the Court held had been fraudulently treated as a loan, the Court gave relief, although the accounts had been approved by the great body of sbareholders. But the relief was granted there expressly on the ground that a right to surcharge and falsifvhadbeennestablished bythe evidence. In granting the relief the Court expressly guarded itself against recognizing any right to a general account, if the plaintiff had failed to prove that specific objection to the account on which the bill was framed. E the present case the plaintiff reeks a general account regularly stated and approved by the great majority of shareholders, on the faith of which a dividend to a ~large amount had been paid, with fulll noticeto the plaintiff, and after three years' acquiescence. The bill, therefore, must be dismissed with costs.
COURT OF (IUEEM"s BENO W r5nsmT .TA'. 17 EX PARTE JOH1N PAY-NE COLLIEL (sttingsin Banco, b/oere Lord CAmPBELL andl Justice3 I qCOLERIDGE, WIGMI'AN, and CRomToN.) bSir F. TlinEsmE (with whom was Mr. Lush) said he was insatructed to move for a. role calling uponx John Russell Smith, a printer in Soho-square, to show cause -why a criminal information should not be mied against him for a libel, publishedl by him in the form of a pamphlet entitled Literary Cookey wcith reference to asatlers attrib&uted to Coleridge and Shaskepemare; a Later addrezssd to 1the Athessnsau. Wit a Postscript, containing somze remarks s'gess the refusal of that Journal to publish it. "1Sincerune est nisi vas," &c. A Hint fron? Horace, on CooeePe. The appliction was made on the part of IMr. John Payne Coller, a gentleman -who was well known as the editor of ShekWpare and other literary workcs, who complained that Mr. Smith hadpublished a pamphlet, in which the anonymuswriter, who signed hims-elf "1Detective," insead ofycoonufisning himself to fair criticism, had indulged in im,putations on the personal honour of the applicant, charging himi with "forgery" and "tamperin-' with documents, A-c. The learned. counsel read several long ex-tracts from the pamphlet, from which it appeared that the applicant had represented to the public ta an ol copy of Shakspeare, published in the year 1832% had come into his possession, containing certain mnarginal notes, supposed to be contemnporaneous with the publication, and that the writer of the aleged libel in order to discredit the authenticity of those notes, charged the applicant, in reference to another document, with having been gauity of the offence, "1if not of downright forgery, at least of what may be described by that expressive phrasel'cookery."'1 The forgery consisted in thealleged insertion of the date (1812) in a prospectus which the applicant alleged he had found of at course of lectures about to be delivered by Mr. Coleridge on ShaLispeare and Miton. The writerof the lbel said that the document, which the applicant alleged he had just found," "was not in his possession at all, or, if in his possession, it hadl been knoiaiil ad intentionally altered tosev ,appose.' The learne counsel said the applicant had no objection to discussion or to a fair consideration of the~-genuineness ofthecnotes; but he contended no one had anrght to attribute to himafalsification or forgery of documnents. Such charges wouldl be fatal to the character of any man, and were in this instance aggravated by the fact that, in the preface and introduction to his volume, Mr. Collier hadl given a minute atccount of the mode in which he became possessed of the notes. The libel ch,edthea aplicant with having either forged the notes , or pulsed them knowing them to be forged. Lord CnA'mBLn said,-lfx. Cornier, in the affidavit which he had mnade, had cleared himself in the most satisfactory manner. Ashbe (Lod Campbell had the pleasure of being acquainted with Mr. Corner, he hoped he might say that his denial was most satisfactory to his (lord Campbell's) mind. He (Lord Campbell) knew Mr. Cornier to be a most honour. ableieman, whose labours had been of infinite benefit to the literature of .this country. The pamphlet in question certainly transgressed the limits of mere literar criticism, but stf e(odCmbl)ddnttiki aacs nwilti high Court ought to interfere. The character of Mr. Corner hdbeen maost satisfactorily vindicated ; it was, therefore, net necessary to interfere for his protection. Mr. Corner had cleared himself to his (Lord Campbell's) entire satisfaction, and his Lordship thou t he would be cleared to the satisfaction of all who heard of the contradiction. The other Judges concurred--Rule refused. BROWN V. ACKROYD. TPhis case, which was part heard yesterday, was concluded this day. The I laitiff wa rotor, who sought to recover from the de en=n the a mopun't of a bill of costs incurred at the instance of the defendant's wife in prosecuting a suit against the defendant for a divorce a aoewd at thero, on the ground of cruelty. At the trial the plaintiff was nonsuited, upon the ground that the wife could only pledge her husband's credit for necessaries, and that a divorce a asnsd a thoro en the ground of cruLelty was not such a necessary as would warrant her in pledgig her husbiand's credlit. Atth same time, it was reservedn to the plafintiff to move this Court to enter the -verdict for the amount of the bill (991. odd) if the Court should be of opinion that the action in genera could be maintained, and?if the circunmstances of the present case wouldwarranttheproceedingmoradivore. Itwasproved at the trial that the defendant had already been required by the ecclesiastical court tyopay one of the plaintiff's hils by monition, but the wife h d2dledpedente itie. Mrr. H. HIL and Mr. WxaLLS now -showed cause against the rule, and contended, first, that a divorce was not a necesary- The wife was entitled to pledge her husband's credit, for any proceedings whinch it mnight be necessar for her to take for her protection from the personal violence of her husband, as in the case where she was obliged to exhibit articles of the peaceeagainsthfin. But it had been decided that shehbadlno -power to pledge-her husband's credit for the costs of an in- dctmnentagainst him fotan assault, that notbei-ag.necessry forbher protectioin. So in the present-case, the wife nnight be p rotected fromi the husband's violence without being divorcedl from hi,huhaizreagtmrv h iesets n place lher in a more comfortable positkio. With respect to theciromsaise f tis ase th lerne counsel contended that atlleeni,itasneess.-yfortheplaintiff to show thathar tea gnwidlr adivoce,but erothe, facts did notjutif eentheIntiutig f scha rocedg.Only twofacs wre rovd. heAU a&,ths ononeoccsin thedefndnt adcaledpp isthre spervatq And Asked them whether either of them had ever seen ffbin treat his wife with unmindness, when one of the servants said, "Yes l sawv youpuash her out o'i se room, nd beard you say yo I would be glad to get rid of her." The second fact was that cn the day before the separation, when the parties were discussing the terms of the proposed separation, the defendant said to hi wife, "ITf you Live with meiTshall be compelled to put you into an asylum.'' Those facts were utterly insuflicient as a ground for a divorec, or even for institutingthe Proceeding. hrssowr.s, Q.C., and 31r. J. AnnoDDIO supported the rule,-and contended that there was an- express decision in w hich it had been held that a wife had power to pledge her husband's credit for the costs of a suit or a divorce on the pound of cruelty. The learned counsel contended that a threat by her husband to put his wife in an asylum was such a threat of violence as would justify her in leaving him, and instituting a suit for a divorce a meud at thoro on the ground of crutelty. Mr. Justice Wsanna said, the husband had no powrer to execute such a threat. lord Cnrrsss.u said, the law might be violated. We had heard of wives being poisoned by their husbands. Mr. Justice WIGHTrMAN said, the keeper of an asylum could not properly receive her; and this circumstance made a difference between this case and athreat of murder, which the husband could efect alone. After some further argument, Lord C rsPBELL said, he was of opinion that the rule ought to be discharged. He could not agree in Mr. Hill's first proposition, that a wife had not the power to pledge the credit of her husband, though there was complete and absolute ground on which she was entitled to a divorce a sU'a3 ft thoro. His lordship thought that, under those cireutmstances, a divorce wouldbe necessary for the wife's protection, and that the husband woujd be liable to the expense. The husband was not liable for the costs of an indictment for an assault upon his wife, for the indictment was not for her protection, but for the punishment of the husband. But a divorce a sienad at ther on the ground of cruelty was for the Protection of the wife, and it would be monstrous to say that she should not have- the means of obtaining that protection. She had no means or propert of her own, and unless she could pledge the credit of her husband she would be denied that divorce which was necessary for her protection. The husband, therefore, was lable, as in the case where the wife was obliged to exhibit articles of the peace against himn. Neither could he (Lord Campbell) agree in Mr. HIll's second proposition, that it was necessaryfortheplaintiff to show such evidence aswould entitle the wnfe to a divorce a mcnsa at thoro. It was sufficient if it was shown that the proctor had reasonable evidence upon which to institute the suit. And that seemed to have been the understanding at the trial, when it was agreed that the Court should decide whether there was such ressonable evidence. His (Lord Campbell's) opinion was, that there was not. The plaintiff had complained of the hardship under which he was placed by the death of the wife, whom he might otherwise have called as a witness, to prove a long series of acts of cruelty. That might be a misfortune, but the Court must decide .accordin,g to the evidence given at the trial, which his Lord-I ship thought wras insufficient. The first fact was hardly relied upon by the plaintiffs cou nsel, it being to the effect that one of the dotendants three servants had said that oni one occasion she saw the defendant push his wife out of the room, and heard him say he should be glad to get rid of her. That was the single instance of the husband's cruelty which was proved by one of his three servants. The only other fact was that, when the parties were discussing the terms of their separation, the defendant told his wife he would not live with her, and that if she would live with him he would put her into an asylum. His Lordship thought that these facts were not only nota ground fora divorce, but-not evena sufficient cause for instituting the suit. The rule therefore ought to be discharged. The other Judges expressed similar opinions. Rule discharged. BAIL COURT. (Sittings at Wfisi F-ins, before .k. JUStiCe ERLE.) In consequence of the first two causes going off theremaming causes were called on, but only the counsel were present-neither the parties nor their witnesses had arrived. Mr. Justice EBLR said that, in mercy to the parties, he would wait for half-an-hour, as the expenses would be heavy. At half-past 10, no one appearing, the JUDGE said the other causes must be struck out. The second sittings commence on Monday, but not till 11 o'clock.
COURT OF CO3fON PLvEAS. Wm. V ws= JAs. 17- HULSE V. RUISE A£ND C) o1nR'4 (SitUinp in Ba7neo. Hi&arv TerErLn The Court was occupied the greater part of the day with hearing cause shown against the rule for a new trial in this case. The Court took time to considerits judgment. We therefore reserve our report. (Sittings at i-ri Prius, at Westminster, before Mrr. Justice WILLEs qnd a Cbmmon Jury.) LEE V. BAYES AND ROBI;SON. Tr. Serleant Byles and Ir. Joyce were counsel for the plaintiff- Mr. Prentice appeared for the defendant Bayes; and 3Mr. rowell for Robinson. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover a horse, and damages for the detention of the same, under the following circumstances:- Mr. Bayes is a horse breaker and cormmission agent in Goswell-road, and on the 27th of November last he saw at the Central Horse Repository, in St. George's-toad, Southwark, a horse which he thought would suit one of his customers. This homse was there, however, boughtby a person named Procter, for 81. 5s. Bayes then succeeded in purchasing it from Procter, for 81. lOs., and he afterwards offered it at 121. to the customer before alluded to. Having failed in effectin# a sale to thatgentleman, he sent the anmal to Robinson's (the other defendants) repository, in Little Britan, where it was put up for sale on the 23th of November. During the auction the plaintifl from whom the horse had been stolen, valk-ed in and claimed it. Bayes immediately gave information of how he came into possession of the'animal. A policeman was called in, and the parties adjourned to the stationhouse. The inspector having refused to interfere in the matter, this action was brought against both the defendants. The case for the plaintiff having closed, hlr. PsNmcEn on behalf of Bayes, argued that there was nothing to go to the jury, the defendant having purchased thehorsen onf idein market overt, and the plaintiff not having prosectred to convietion the person who stole it, he (Bayes) had cquired a right to the horse, and could noth therefore, have been geilty of a eonversion. hie quoted the 7th and 8th of Georgoe 1V., chap 29, sec. 57, and several Mr. Ponwvo , on beehalf of Robinson, ado.ted all the arguments of Mr. Prentice, and urged also in favour of his clent that there w ts no evidence of a conversion in his case as he had set up no title in himself, and expressed his readiness to give up the horse on receivingo an authority from the person who had placed it in his stable. A somewhat lengthy legal argument ensued, and the resuit was that a verdict was entered for the plamntiff-Damages 301., to be reduced to 51. in case the horse was given up to him; the defendants to have leave to move to enter a nonsuit or verdict in their favour if the Court above should decide in their favour certain points of law reserved, the principal of which seemed to be whether the rule of law, that a party whose goods have been stolen mut prosecute the felon before he can maintain an action for them, applies to other cases than those in which the action is to be brought against the felon himself, or some one with whom he must be joined-"White v. Spettigue" (13, M. and W., 606), "Scattergood v. Sylvester" (15, Q. B., 507), and whether the Central Horse Repository in St. George's-road be a market overt or not.
I COURT OF EXOMOUER. TmCrMSAV JTAW 17 NEW TRIAL PAtpER I r[k GUARDIS OF THE POOR OP THEI BBEIOBD UION i v. PA o0. (Siting in Banco.) This was an action brought by the plaintiffs to recover from the defendant a sum of money alleged to be due from one Philip Naham, their late treasurer, the defendant being one of his sureties. . It appeared on the trial of the cause before Mr. Baron Platt on the last Northem Circuit, that the treasurer was a corn merchant, having dealings with many of the overseers of the various parishes comprised within the Belford Union, and that in many instances, instead. of actuaUy receiving their contributions on behalf of the poor-rates of theirrespectiveparshes from such of them as he dealt with, he was accustomed to credit them with the amount of such contributions, and set off the same against. their private accounts. When Mr. Naham ceased to hold his office, and his accounts with the union were audited by the official auditor, there was a large balance found to be due from him to the plaintiffs, after debiting him with the receipt of the various sums so set off by him in his dealings with the overseers. This sum not being forthcoming, the present action was brought to recover the balance so found to be due to the plaintiffs. On the part of the defendant it was contended at the trial, and now, that he, as surety, was only liable under the terms of the bond into which his principal had entered for " moneys received" by him, and that, as he had not received the moneys from the overseers which went to constitute the balance now claimed, but had simply given them credit in his private accounts, the present actioncould not be sustained. The plaintiffs, however, argued that the obligation of the surety attached not only upon the nonaccounting formoneys actuallypaid to the principal but also upon the non-delivery " of al books, jpaers, and balances which might be in the hands of the prncipal at the termination of his offiee;" and that, as a " a balance" was found due from him by the auditor, he and his surety were liable for that balance, no matter how arrived at. The learned Judge haviag directed the jury to fnd a verdict for the. plaintiffs7 this rule was obtained for a new triAl on theground of misdirection. 1Y r. lEnowles and 3ir. Mnistynow appeared to sbo* cause inst tthhe rule, which was supported by Mr. Watson and At the close of the arguments, The CouseT unanimousls gave judgment in favour of the plaintiffs, adopting the ruling of the learned baron at the triaL Rule discharged accordingly. (Sittings in Middkscr, at .Ylsi Prius, in Hilary Term, beforc Mr. Baron BPRA.vsL and Common Juries.) THOMPSON AND ANOTHEll V. BROWN., MIr. Pigott, with Mr. Hawkins, conducted the case for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Edwin James, withMr. Jacobs, appeared orthe defendant. This was an action b hich the plaintiffs sought to recover the difference between 1021. and the amount of two bils, together amounting to 2001. The declartion alleged that the plaintiffs had given the two bils in question to one Pooley, to hold as security for the repayment of. 102i.; that Pooley- had endorsed the bills to the defendant for that amount only, or that, if he had endorsed themn to the defendant for a larger sum, the latter had had otice that Pooley was not authorized to endorse them over for more than the 102L - To this declaration the defendant; pleaded that he had received no swh notice, 'and. that the bills' had been- endorsed to him. for their full value. It appeared that the plaintiM, Messrs. Thompson:and3Hollne;:are tiimbernerchants, and that having received two bills of exchange, which they bad drawn upon two customers, they, in the month of August last, tooK them to bne Fooley, a discouuting agent, from whom theyreceived 1001. uvon them, -ooley at the same tie handing them a writfen memorandum, setting forth: that the two bills in question were to b6 returned to the plaintiffi upon the payment of 1021. It further apared that some time subsequ'ently, Pooley bemg pres,se or nmoney, took the bills to one, Brown, a till-discoUnter in Adam's-court, Old Broad-street, from whom he received, as was averred by the plaItiffs, 1001. only upon them, and that Brown had agreedc o give up the bills to the plaintffs on their paying him that Sum. Pooley also wrote an order to the like effect, direQted toBrod h,wlich order he banded to the plaintifib. Upon one of these bis-it being for 70L-arrivigat maturity, it was duly honoured, whereuipon th3e2laintfs called on the defendant and tendered a paid,f .,,which, ta'ken together with the bill for 701. just pi,made up the 102!. they were to pay in order to release the seond bill. The defendant, however, refused to give ufp the bil stating that he had made other arr ments with doaley, and should ;not part with the bi unless upon the payment bf the full value. The plaintifis now, therefore, btought the present action to recover the diffrence which they urged was due and owing to them upon the second bill. On behalf of the defence it was contended that Pooley was indebted to the defendant to a considerable extent, that he had mortgagecl to the latter certain property hie had at Riotherhithe, and that he was accustomed to reduce the amount of that mortgage by paying him various sums of money and bills of e- change at all times when he had any he could spare; and that these two bills, with as much as 100!. in money, he 'had received from him in this way, and had placed them in7the usual way to Pooley's rcrdit. The defendant and Pooley not only deposedto this state of things, bnt they also sail that there was nota word said to the foriier with reference to thelatterhavingoalyaclaimuponthebnlshorlo2z butPooley admittedthat afewdays after'he hadpased e bills to B3rown he had informed him that, if the plaintiffs paid 10,2!. by a certain day, th e to be retnimedtothem; but he denied that he ad related any particulars as to the reason of that arrangement. The 1021. was not paid on the day named, whereupon he directed the defendant not to give up the bills except upon the payment of the full niue. The defendant, in the course of his cross-examination, stated, that he had a variety of money transactions. with Pooley, and that he had obtained possession of the furniture, the business, and some land which belonged to that on. Pooley, however, had some other vrooertv at inmbledon, or in its neighbourhood, of whicrhe had not got possession, but that part of his property was mortga-ed to another arson, and for that reason he had not been a%le to get it. He had not ayetyo h~ w il inhi boogKs He did not knowhat to callPooley. That son had bad an action brounht apinst him at Crodon and had been in considerable difficulties. Thebetion at Croydon was brought by a gentleman namedCokwhaled that he had been cheated out of some money. The verdct found in that case was for the plaintif - Mr. Baron Bnt'i?wgar, in s,aving the case to the jury, told them that they had two questions to consider and to decide :-first, whether in their opinion these bills had been left with the defendant as a security for the repayment of 100!.; and then, whether the defendant had had notice that Pooley had onlya lien upon them to that extent? It would, however, be a difficult task, after what the defendant and Pooley had sworn, if they found for the plaintHi, to avoid the conviction, that what these two persons had stated that day was not only untrue, but dishonestly untrue.. The jury had heard the whole of the evidence, and it was for them to sa to which sde they gave the greater credence. The jury at once returned a verdict for the plaintiffs for the amount claimed. Mr. Baron BRsu.wmr. intimated that in this, and in all sipfilar cases, he should order seedy execution. Mrha h =CoS remarked, that it was the general understandingthat the Court allowed 14 days in these cases. Mr. Baron BsnAnvELL thereupon said that in all cases where he was the judge the parties would find their mistake, for he should order speedy execution. Where the debt was proved to be due, and mercy was required to be shown, it was the province of the plaintiff, and not of the judge, to grant the indulgence. It had been iii opposition to his opinion that the 14 days had been allowed.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Basznghulstrect, Jan. 17. g RE 1 ( TT.ART. PR J - AA (Before .Ur. ConmissionlerOLEomYD.) This was the examination-meeting in the ease of C. 3. Mare, the weU known shipbuilder, of Orchard-yard, Blackwall. Mr. PFLws, for the assignees, stated that the accounts had not yet been filed, and the accountant said that twvo months at the least would be required to complete the balance sheet. Under these circumstances, the assignees did not object to an adjou ent. Mr. IThRIATESi, who appeared for the bankrupt, said that, in consequence of the volumuinous nature of the accounts, it had been found impracticable to re are them in time, and therefore an adjournment was asked for two months, by which time they would be able to show the position in which the bankrupt's atirs stood, although it was not probable that, eventhen, the accounts would he completed. His HoxounR said, as both sides agreed to an adJournment he would make an order accordingly. He also ordered that the allowance should be continued. The various contracts at Mare's yard are being prouted with great energy, under the superintendence of ME Lee (the official assignee) and Air. J. Johnstone, the messenger of the court At thebegmning of the present year a fresh order w.as received from the Government for 20 iron mortar vessels of 100 tons each, to be completed for 2,200. each. Six are to be delivered in the present mointh, six in February, and the remainder by the 10th of IarL. Since the last meeting two of the gunboats then in construction have been launched * the remainig four as wleU asthe four despatch boats, will bo launched some time next month. There are also in hand for'the Admiralty two mortarvessels of an extraordinary description, which are intended to throw shdls of a ton weightthreeniiies. Three weeks ago an order was received from the South-Western Railway Company for an iron steamer to ply between Southampton and Havre; the vesselis to be of 580 tons, aud is to be completed by the 5th of ApriL Thisvessel is already in the cradle. There also are iu progress two large iron ships of 1,880 tens each for the Genoese Government. The works at Westminster-bridge-the contract for which was taken by Mr. Mare-are progressing satisfactorily. IIL the foundry very heavy works are in progress, and the operations iL this department are said to have been doubled since the bankruptcy. The wages paid amount to about 3,500!. weekly, and in some of the departments the workmen are employed day and night. The liabfi.ties are supposed to exceed 20(,0001., upwvardsof 100,0001. of which have been proved against the estate. At present we understand the assignees have nothin' in band which can be made available fo, A dividend. About 13,0007. has been realized by the sale of the bankrupt's establishments at Hyde Park-gardens and in Cheshire, but this has been disbursed in payment of wvages and other expenses. When the contracts are completed a large amount wil be receivable by the estate. The assignees con,template' being able to declare a first dividend in March orApnrl nest. It isexpectd ultimately that a dividend of lOs. in the pound wi erealised.. Adjourned for two months. (Before Mr. Commissioner GoUrBuruYn.) : i RE TOVY. - The bankrupt, a partner in the .firm of Toovey and Wyatt> wholesalelstationers of Aldermanbury, applied ~for his certificate, Mr. Lnxr oppose.i - , d:-. His HosolJs said, here was a case of a-man, who when insolvent had involved another man to pay his debts, he 12avin beceme his partner. He (the Commissioner) con- ider.A the bankrupthad behaved exceedingly ilL Hevwent imto partnership) with a man with money, and ha took his asesoahsteakntsdbs He (theComimissioner) thoug ht it a case of fraud, and should suspend the cortifieate (third class) til the 19th of April,. and should refuse protection. IN RE JAMES V. JAM. The bankrupts, who were engineers in Ieaderhall-street, apphed for their certficates. ' i oxo said, this was the case of men who beoan 2,000. wvorse than nothing, and whose--expenses exceeaed their profits by four or five times the amount. It vwasdafficndt to distinguis such conduct from fraud but he would not visit the case with the punishment inflcted. on fraudiulent bankrnpts. The certificates (third class) must be suspended for I2 months from August last. - - -. .(Before MIr. Comm issioner Ewaxs.)X-- RE T. P. COURB AY. The banlrupt Was a cowkeeper -of Th mesI)ttoit.' This ;was the examination meeting. The accounts showed 4,4801. due to creditors, with liabilities 1,DOO7. The assets are stated at about 1,4001 - profits (over two years). arising from the sale of milk, lib ; income. from Treasury, ,101!.;: losses and expenses of variouslkinds about 2,7001. Mr. LnnsATEr appeared for the bankrupt, and a pppied. for the bankrupt to- pass. It appeared thatthebankpt held an-office in the Treasury; since the bankruptcy he had beenentitled to a quarter's pay, ard it posid be necessary to mention that in the balance-sheet, but probably an ad-jourumnent would not be required.' - - - - His HrosoumNo. - ' i.- ': Mr. PIszws,for the assignees, offered no opposition; an& the bankrupt passed. - -
POZI-CE. 4 ,"~ I1. :.. .. MASON1-7 OUSE.--The ILoan MAYOR rquestea.that the .press woiild asimowhdge thefrdcei,pt of 21. from the MetroIpblithn:Renevolent.Society, as a don~ation tbi the poor-box. GUnMHT,.-4fr. Aldlerman Fnqiqs eaUed the attentioni of Mr. Phillips, fhe. relieving-officer of tlio West,London 'Union, to a practice which it occuried to -him - requrd ancendment . AL few days. since a mnan named Benjan Hart Was committel 'to. the Cit Prison at Holloway for some misconduct in -the. unioi, his children thnbngt ~the iniona school at.Woivwood. Upon]i ieain tp 'peared, he was met at the 'door of the pio ya fie f t4he union; who delivered bhis childrnt i,te aig bcen brought all -the way from orodfthtnrs. It seemed to be very- unreasonable'tothotematnne of the childreni upon the father at th eeto i chare- from. rsn whon hewautel site, Hinmanity'shond have taught the no . potc tepo chiIldrn, instead of exposin.te toteufeng t h- must unmdergo, from their fatherhvn ~hm idn pecumai_y means.&. Mr. I'biflips said,~ he beleved. the practicewathsmet ~U other unions. If it were otherwise~ it was dear thatmaany parentsontheirliberationfromgaolwouiag0awayandsddl Ihe union with their chilarei9s ftiture maiuIenance.- -)iy N children had actually been thrown dn the union in this way. The children.would not necessrily suffer, for the father could apply immediately at the union, and he, as well as the children, would berelieved. In their case they had applied to him, and he had relieved them 'with bread and groceries,. and money to pay for a bed, until the board met, and be had sent the cbildren back to lZorwood. Mr. Alderman Frrsts said that the children were wellfed and clean, and did great credit to theNorwood SchooL It was a waste of the parochil funds to bringthese children UR fromNorwood, and take them to Holloway in a cab (besides the officer's expenses), and for what ? -To band them over to the care of a destitute father, only to compel him to go through the routine of Mraking another applicstion to the boardforadmnssion to the union. He hoped the board would see the utility of pftting an end to such an absurd and disgracefulpractice. Mr. Phillips said, he was indi dually opposed to th practice, but it as ado ted by the different oards torevent parents abandonin their children. The main- 3at wasone who wold be veryglad to be relieved of the responsibility of maintaining his children. He was a goodl workman, and could keep his family in respectability if he would. The board had, on his . Philpis) recommendation, deviated from the course they =sualy pursued with regard to paupers, andl had taken HarVs children off his hands for a fortnight, to give him an opportunity of getting work, conditionally, that he reported his circumstances once a-week at the union. HIe would state to the board the nion of the worthy Alderman, and it would no doubt have. great weight with them. Jr. Alderman Fzlms said, he hoped the practice wouald be discontinued. Mr. Phillips then withdrew, MAILsouounn-srn=.-The half of a!51.-note had been received from " Peter Pickwick" for the poor-box. MARYmnoys-" J. C." forwarded to Mr. lonG 5s. in postage stamps for the poor man Allen, who lost his child wind all the little property he possessed by a fire which about ten days ago took place in Marylebone-lane. The donor hoped that many others would follow his example. WESTMINSTEM-A few days ago Bichard Watson, who . ad the appearance of a decent, hard-working man, was narged be ore Mr. Arcomo with openly stealin a jacket from outside a clothier's shop ian the Broadway, Vestminster. He made no effort to escape, and the prosecutor recommended him to the merciful consideration of the court, on the groand that he had commbtted the theft through distress, the prisoner himsself allegingff that, as a tramp in quest of employment, he bad walked ma-ny miles into London, and, oserpowered by fatigae and hungAer, had been driven to the commission of the offence to procure shelter and food, which bad been denied him at the workhouse of St. Margaret's and St. John's, Westminster. The prisoner wasremanded, and the porter- at the workhouse dened that he had made any. application as stated ; but it seemed there was another person who occasionally answered the door, and it was possible that he had been spoken to upon the subject. The prisoner, in confirmation of his account, declared that he had accosted a police-constable near the workhouse immediately after he had received the refusal, when Mr. .AL.oLaD further adjourned the inquiry until yesterday to ascertain whether such was the fact. Police-constable Ferris Carr said, that at about 9 o'clock on the evening in question he saw a poor woman sitting on the steps of the workhouse with an infant in her arms crying. She saidthat she had just been turned out of the workhouse because she had bean there about two months ago. Prisoner at that moment came up and complained of being destitute of food and shelter. It was a very cold night, and witness pointed out to the prisoner that the poor woman and her infant had been turned out, who were less able to endure it than he was. Prisoner admitted it, but burst out crying, and said he did not know what he should do. IVitness interested himself in behalf of the poor woman and child, and having pointed out to the porter that if anything happened to the infant he might be held responsible for it, the latter undertook to see the master, and the woman was admitted although the house was fulL Witness heard the prisoner say, "I must do something," and he wAs aboutto rng the bell when the constable turned away on his beat, and shortly afterwards the accused was charged with the robbery. lr. AmNoan said, he had felt it necessary and important to investigate this case thoroughly, not with a desire to ascertain the mode in which the Poor Law was administered, but with a view to determine whether the act was committed feloniously, and, if so, the amount of punisiment with which the offence should be visited. The defence set up by the prisoner, was that he hadcommittedtheact under the essure of distress and absolute destitution; havingbeen roughy and harshly driven away from the door of theworkhouse without any inquiry being made into his case ; and he. (Mr. Arnold)had no doubt thahis accountv-was substantially correct, and that he had committed the act charged in a fit of desperation. He entertained a strong impresion that this was not a felonious taking, it merely being, an act resorted to to obtain the food and lodging of which he stood so much in need ; and, even if it were a felony, the imprisonment he had endured pending these inquiries WAS amply sufficient. He should now discharge thepoisoner, and that would afford the parish an opportunity of inquirig into the matter of his being refused relief attheirworkouse door; for whoever did this reprehensible act ought no longer tohave power intrusted to him; and he begged to say that the ex;cuse set up of-the house being fuIllavailed them nothing, because every destitute person was entitled to the relief of which he stood in need, sndno one whose necessities drove him to that door had a right to be sent away without having his case inquired into. WVhenever persons were brought before him charged with offence, alleged, in general terms, to have been committed through distress, he invariably told themthat it was no excuse, because every PersOn was entitle! to relief from the poor-rates; but if they were turned awayfrothewparish witho0ut having their comuplaints investigated, they were denied that attention to whuch their circumstoances, by lawr, entitled them. The poor fellow was then discharged. TAm s-T homas Barr, a middleaged man, who is very reectably connected, was brought uponremud before l rr. YmaDLn, dharoed with embeziemg YanOUS sums of money he had received for and onaccount of Messrs. Spil and Langdon, hatters and wateroroof clothing manufacturers, of the Old Farmhouse, . Stepney-green, Mr. Joseph Smith defended the prisoner. It appeared from the evidence that the prisoner, who was formerly a corn and four merchant, in business for himself atthe penhagen-*harf, Limehouse,hadbeenintheemloy of the prosecutors for sixmouths, andhis dutywastDcolect outstanding accounts daily, and to paythem over every evening to the cashier of the firm. Sometimes the prisoner had returned from 1,OOOh. to 2,0001. in checks and cash in one day. His salary was 20s. per week, and (s. per week for exncnses, making in all 26s. per weekl On Friday last Mr. Langdon, one of the firm, discovered that the prisoner had received various sums of several customers amounting to 171., and had not accounted for the same He was given into the custody of Daniel Sugg, one of the constablss of the prosecutors' vast establishment, to whom he stated that he paid over the money to Mr. Fyson, the cashier, and that if there was any mistake that person had made it. Onlyone case of embezzlement was made out on Lthe prisoner's first examination, and r. Fys6n was then cross-examined by Mr. Smith, the prisoner's solicitor, and said, if the sums whic-h the prisoner was accused of embezzlinghbad been paidto him they would have been entered in the cashbook. He wrote dowv n the items as the prisoner gave them to him. There was no ent,ry in the cashbook of the sum of 11. Gs. 6d., which Mr. Henry Collins, ofNo. 163, Shoreditch, had just stated he had paid to the prisoner. Yesterday -it was stated by Mr. Langdon that it had been already ascertained the prisoner's deficiencies amounted to 301., and it was impossible to say at present what was the full extent of his defalcations. The accounts were multifarious, and until-they had called on all the customers the exact deficieny could not be ascertained. Thefollowing customers of the firm of Spill- and Langdon proved the payment of the sumsmentioned tothe prisoner in the course of the last five- months :-Mr. Henry Collins, IL' 6s. 6d. * M. James Stroud, Nsottmgl-hUl, 8& 7s. 6. L * hr. Jamies Pmckney, 166, Shoreditch, W.. 10s, ; dr. Henry JamesRwlins 184, H*h-street, ;hadwell, 17s 6d. - M3. Eichard Sharpe, 7, Grenada-terrace, Commercial-road, 21. 14s.'; and 31n Hemy Foyleg of 5, Providence-place West Indii-road,2. ,- - MIr. Lanngdoii said, the sLx sums mentioned by the witnesses had not been paid to him. - X - Mr. Fyson, cashier to the prosecutors, said, he always eni-tered every day each sum paid to him by the prisoner, and wrote downtheitemsastheyweregiven tohimbytheprisoner andwhen he had finished told him-the aggregate. He was certain he had never received any of thesix sums mentioned by the witnesses as having been paid to the prisoner. He had not always found the balances agree.1EHe had put more 'down than there had been money on several ocasons, but those deficiencies had only been to a small amount. On one-occasion he received ls. more than ho put down.. * The prisoner was advised by his solicitor to reserve his defence, and he was committed for trial on six charges of embezzlement. - SOVTHwAK-Mfr. A'E =T received from "3 J. WA? 11. for the. poorbox, with a request of an acknowledgment by our reporter. LkA3ISET.-The Hon. G. C. NORTON was engaed up to 7 @'clock.in inquiry anto the. truth of the statement made before 1m on S,aturday week by Mr. Harvey SLsg- who,a few ye-ars ago, wasa maltsterin auez.tensivewayofbusmness, and was also- possessed of considerable property in Derbyshire, when complaining that his son, a grocer, in an extensive way of business in High-street, CamberweL2had refuised to-contribute towards his support, and- wasldesions that-he should be sent-to the uion, where he his father3,; had been at one time thne leadinig guardian.. - This statemenit, made by the poor man, appearedin The., !Vw-s of folda -week, andit will be recollected that it was, to the uffet tatuthis misfortunes in-b'usiness did loot arise frbOni:uio fault of,his, and that, after -his difficulties, lie *'a's'liung on the -interest o ,0.,the r airriage- settlement of his wife, -and' ~which he supposed- he ha ar Iffe, interest in, buit -somae difficult aris ig- in the, miatter he had given up- te Picp~alto kis son to, go iKto-busines§ -i-th, and it was une -- oafrthe tiue'that his sonwould s 'ipprhim~. He further stated, thant he had, -in additiontlr Utothe 1,oOOlj given 'to his son a quantity- oDf plate; and'admitted that his son had been kind -~o him- up to theo time-of his inarogef wit'h'a persn o whm hdi- not altogether approv,e, buit after this-influenced he bad no doubt, by his wife"sfalyh commenced treating him -with the uftniost siu]undnoese, and,k hut for the himna"m-yof the people 'he lived wvith, and who-were strangers tohim,-liemight have ~Tarved Yestrday, Mr. Bikldey, in attrney, -attehiiadedwitli the'son anidhs friendls, and- saidi-that-the expart statqxemet sadje 'by Theo -father, and 'publiffied'J be,et i - A:Un of te ,mod serious, injury._6.hejg d-his chenit 'Am,,he'vri -coe-prepared to show. thai:t thtat, kstatnument fo einn ,to en udi was -fals, and:-Pel 1fectly devoid. of the' slightekt Iouriditioni ih!i4a~rth. .The learnea etleman Ih'ero read somie leitters fromi :n6r relatives of Mr.: Sg.sx,saing that bisriiverses. sodmisfrtues erebrouht n hhosownintemVerate -hibits' the time of his bankruptcy he had been in Derl Gaol for about seven months, and not more, and oul positiva swear that he was not there eght month. -te deniec having been addicted to habits of intoxication. or tha' he had ever been dcmk at the house of-his soni. He admitted that his son had offered to send him out to Antralia, but sid he considered himself too old to leave this oluntry. He denied having struck the sister-in-law of his ion, but aclnowledIed having collared his brother-in-law on his calling him liar. At the conclusion of his cross-eXamination Nr. Slagg 10tesented to the magistrate a lett* from the attOrneY *ho used to do business for him in the conmtitm and also from the head of afamilyto whom he had bee atrastee spaking in the highest terms of his -honourable ad gentemaly conduct, and caled in. some tradesmen who badknown himf6r a length of-time, all ofwhom gave him the highest character for ea wbilityandroprietyof canduct. Healso received'the see charcterfromhis landlord, who said he had never seen him the wome for liquor, and who had kept him for 46 weeks out of chanity. In conclusion, Mr. Slagg said that rather than trouble his son, after the mannerm nwhich he had treated kim, he had last autumn gone into Kent and picked hops at-x. a-day. Mr. Bickley called a young woman named Smith into the witness-box, who said,-Mr. Slagg had strack her in the house of his son, who was her brothermin-law. Mr. Slag,jun., was also put into the witneis bo; and said his father did him much injuy in the neighbourhood by speakdng m of him to his customers, but he-ad no one precent to prove it. Mr. NoxLTo observed, that he had received a letter from Iir. Brotherton, 3LP., whowas brother-in-law to Mr. Sl&gg, in which he gave a high character to Mr. Sl2, jun.; and that morning a most respectable gentleman called on him, and gave Nr. Slagg sen., the highest character. His (Mr. Norton's) opinion was, that the son had beenu-vy kind to the father up to the tiue of his marriage, but since then had, for some reason or other, much changed He considered it a great pity that sach a canse of disagreement should arise, and recommended that some arrangement should be made by' the son for his father's support. Mr. Bickley said, his client would gladly act npon say suggestion of his worship- And here terminated the casc forthepreseit. GRsEENwIcH.-3fr. TAAmrL announced the receipt of the frst half of a 5L. note, No. 54749, for the poorlox of this. courb, from " Mr. Peter Pickwick," an acknowledgment oF which was requested by our reporter.
[Advert!sim ent.]-" Insicle eltaoY-Messr. hsi man and Hall beg to announce that tbis work, whihhas caused so nnuch expectation, was delivered em tothe tradeon tae thlast in and may now be bad at all boo ' iud Ckcelatingibraries. It is bulisbed in one handsome &o voluuie, wh illusative nias, and itoidee e2 6d. ?Ade eent.3-61hOIan's Ilmstrated HIktoy of the PIVOCutWaragalest-Rusins -u aembellishedwith portraita of emIDen enmadem engraved, by special-I ionf £rozig-nal pictures. Vxw of the Stof War, rame .1=1es taklien on the rot; Battles by Sea and land; =amp plas ae, from the mosta henttesurc Each binling pust contains 40 closely-Printed tper-zoal octavo arid twvo ateelengrarms,. exe tedexpraly for.Gewo&. Nowrty. neatly 1bound in scarlet cloth, anu gilt, the TirtltiTision. prcetes., comprising VD pages and 3} plates. Division,wvl be irady on Februaxl31. alrtue and Co., City-road, andfd, Ivy-lnie, london. - JAdvertisemetntl.-" The Wanderer in -Arabia," by George T.Iowth. Esq., Ivol., with lustratonas, Vk; bound. JwsI published. "ir. owth's work is 3more attractive and-ealy morc iastructtve tban ny modem bookof trTels-wexememcibertobave geen jItisorigal initstyhlesandspit;iLandithasth6eramof novelty iL -tbeblghestdepree. dPodngtrvless in Egypt, NabiL andArabia have illed their narrtives with desriptoiA of. scenery. references tW buUldiugs, ilpture,ac.. givingbat faint andmeagresketchesof the rple. Now inmn of thesepartIcularaIs fr. Lowths work inferior nywworkreatingtotlesamecountries- andc, lively adunaffected ashis styleis, heshows himsef aDan ct earig and one familiar ith society. - ]Aisindefatigable-ower of observation, cnecd Withd ad eenfiitunper, renders him ivjst the man-to know a£strange ,eOPle through all theirgations- -Werecommendbhig Tolumesas the most interesting and amusing volumes of lavels we havexead during many - fAdveVsere}s Dink Tarletn ; or, Les-sons of Like," is etitle of the new tule by Jobn I'Frdrick Smith tetalented anthor oF " llnnie Grey " The Soldier of Fre,'nn aF) nO pblih.5 iugWeekl 7in" -C elTflsitvated Famiy raper., 1t:xeeeds4 as to -plot; iking inddents,- rearkable develo,meftU Of- cnracter, and retal interest, ah -hitherto wntten by this popular author. Me dedfor the back ntmberofthis perioicl Is hentinuous and p. resin; but, an this dmand cannot- be Met ViM6ilUt considerable additlongoloet intlhe Produion, audeDseqeently anincreasedcharge ,tothe inrdaaer theDiNibi are reeetuly ray etuee to give their ordersto their booke ersinouflcienttimeto admiVt;b!their being in*hidedinthernglarweeklyissM ~ ~ ii dadeain~ ~~~~~~nis tbe True."rle gitying is har loanpliel, boo}oc erL when agood Lbookrs)carsMit =es the dnty Iof po1 it. The "P,uolty -fred vu- e forl8 d..th ewile, PIL d; tndt"5me5sre in 'elWrk, 8s. Ed, richly pit; are mnost attroocbb ,recommnended'bynewlyever5eitApaereditor, One-teviewer oF ze , . . p ~~~~a" ras5 £seofisfl, inerotive. aod enter. -tainaD IatterALit ecotains is nowhere clse to belossd;" while the !lscticeilHuscties 7is,pIkeiOf6 Se "'aork o ttleathtitP"liaty , "hnadeereet ibYhtswdtarffaesg tbeu shou)dge without a day'sudelay." while" T-e;earem i edkrkw i5esid to he ~"the bean-itoi of a Stl." Ward tnd lOck, 1i-NIC5eOt4, lain . _ - I , ' _i
ITHE _NXGlTNA*LE FUNTD. . A ineeting was held at the Town-hall, Mnahester, yesterday morning, to determine upon the steps to be taken for psounoting the Nightingale Fundd 'Mr. James Watts, th: MAyor,presided, and was supported by the Right Hon; Sidney Herbert, M.P., Lord Stanley, M.P', Mr. Monet-on Milnes, hLP., Mr. James, Heywood, M. P., MIr. Janies Ker. hasw, 3LP., Mr. Mark Philips, late memberfor Kianchester, Sir Elknah Armitage, Sir John Potter, Mr. Thomas Dailey, Mr. J: -A. Turner, Mr. W. Entwistle, hMr. Oliver Heywood, and other leading gentlemeu of the town and 31eigihbourho. 'A conmiderable number of ladies were Present. 'T'he M&Yois very briefly opened the business, and Mr. J. A. TURssxs nioved the first resolution:- " That the noble exertions of iLs3 Nightingale and her associates in the hospitals of tha East, and the invaluable services rendered by them to the sick and wounded of . the British forces, demand the grateful recognition of ail clazses, and, in the opinion of this meeting, it is desirable- to perpetuate in a substantial mnanner the memory of Miiss Nightingale's signal- devotion, and thereby to record the gratitude of the British nation." lr. OLrvE HEawooD seconded theresolution. The Right Hon. SIrs-E HRVBEET, YP., who Was received with much cheering, then addressed the meeting. He said,-MIr. 3Myor, the two gentlemen vho have preceded ma have spoken of the degree of e%perience they have. had in addre3sing meetingsin this bluU. I have hadno sueh experience, and must ask you, therefore, to bestow upon mne that indulgence which is *ell required by anygentleman whose lot it is for the first time to address a public meeting in a place so important as Mtanchester. I have come -down on this occasion with two gentlemen, members of the central comaittee, not so much to address you, as to be here to give any information that may be required, or to answer any questions that may be asked by those hoG are anxious for infonration as to the nature of the proceedings of thecommittee. The committee has been form6awith astudiousattentiontothisjpoint-thatit should represent, so far-as it is possible, all classes, all professions aUl creeds, and all political opinions (cheers); and we appeal, therefore, to the names upon the committee as a guaranteo that nothing sectarian of any kind is intended .(hear, hear) in the plans wlich wve have to submit. Now, there has been, I believe, upon one or two points, some misconception as to the intentions of the central commnittee, and I am glad to have the opportunity of removing any erroneous impression, so far as it is in my rpower. It has been said, in the first rLace, that this movemnet has been premarure. Well, I think I can show to this meeting that we had no choice as to time. The feeling -with regard to Misg Nightingale has been universal in this *country. .at,-ie.' has ben very strong; it is of that kind, in fact, which is not easily repressed; and in the sumimer, when the reports came hom of the v.wonderful success the had achieved, compated with the great difficulties she had had to encounter, there broke out in different parts of the country f feeling for an emphatie and instantaneous expression of public gratitude to her. (Hear, hear.) Isolated portions of the community were organizing committees, and preparing to m.ake gifts to her of different kinds, but inappropriate, because, when service is given, you destroy the very merit of te gift if you attempt te reward it by some tangible compensation. (Hear, hear.) What is it, to a person in affluent circumstances, to give a pecuniary reward for services that are clearly beyond aU such reward, or to give ornaments, suitable very often, perlaps, for ladies, but inapplicable to one -who devotes her life to the peculiar objects in which Miss Niglhtingale has become so distinguished? We, therefore, felt t7itC '-as wise to lose no time in giving an appropriate direction to this generous feeling whiich animated the country from one -end to the othor. And how is this movement to is viewed anotherrespect? Do you think that, to Mis Nightingale, it is not a cheering thing in the midst of her labeu-s and in the midst ofthe dangErousillness which she hasunder- one-an illness contracded in the performance of those haeboum-to see this mark of affection and gratitude to her on taepart of the Enelish nation? Inothercountriesthepublic recognition of pub lie services is exclusively in the hands of the Government;- but we in E ngland do not intrast to the lands of Govermnent the same powers that other nations do. The Government in other countries is the representation of the country, and the individuial is merged in the Government- but here, on the contrary, we take pride in our systemofself-government, andthatnla the expressions of our feel are s ntaneous, and that the nation offers, through its individurel compnent parts, the expression of its gratitude. (Cheers.) Inother cowntries Miss Nightingale might he rewarded by honours and distinctions offered by the Sovereign, but hero it is fol. the peoVle of England themnselves to reward her services. Wel, those services are to be rewarded-but how? Miss Nighingale has devoted manv years of her life-for the work in which so is enpged m, not new to her-to the study of hospital treatment. There is, perhaps, no one so conversat, not only with English hospitals, but with hospitals al over Europe-av, and even out of Europe-as she is. She has resided for weeks upon weeks within their walls, herself ictively taking part in their duties, and she is, therefore, thoroughly conversant with the whole system. Wel, the great object, the great hope of her life, has been to have some day the means of founding an institution which should by the axe to the not of the very great evils by which our hospital sysm is contaminated. You have here in Man- che6ter, I helieve, a very admirable hospital; and, I have I no doubt, that you find, even here, with the great means-at 1 your disposal, with the perfect organization which Fvou possess, that ehe one great difficulty you have 3s to get proper- nursing attendance for your institution. I' know that in some of the very best I London hospitals it enes almost hopeless to supply this . want. You get in the hc-ipitals of England the mostskilful and eminent surgeons and physicians-the highest kind of skilled labour; and that skiled labour is often wasted because it is employed in doing duties which ought to be perforred by skilful trmined nurses. I myself have seen i a good deal of the irtazior management of a county I hospital, and there I know that the class from vhich yon have to choose nurses is a class which would be better employed as domestic servants, for they know no more about nursing in hospital than about conic sections. They enter the hospital entirely ignorant, and they learn their duties-how? By their experience in the hosital and at the expense of the patients necessarily. (Wear.) Well, now let me point out whatmyreasonis for saying that if there is one person in England-I care notwhich se: or what profession be chosen for comparison-if there is one person in England to whom we ought to intrust with foll confidence the conduct of a reform of this kind, it is Miss Nightingale. Just see what she has done in the East. Gentlemrenhave spokenof her self-devotion. Herself-devotion has been great, hut her self-dovotion has not been greater than that of the other ladies w-ho accompanied her; and, mind you, when we talk of a testimonial to MLss Nightingale, it s to the honour not of Miss Nightingale only, but to the honour of all those ladies,-al those Persons, of whatever dav-who have accompanied her, an rendered her their asistance. (Cheers.) Younhad dies going out- you had hospital nmrses goine out; you had persons oi different creeds -RomanCathoiRcs anmong them, who consented, much totheir honour, toputthemselves strictly under the guidance and under the command of Miss Nightingale, a Protestant (hear); and youhad Presbyterians, members of the church of E-gland, andNonconformists among them; and Itthink they have set us an example that we should do weUl to follow at home. (Cheers.) They did not think to show their Christianity by quarrelling among themselves as to the different paths to Xeaven (cheers);* but they forgot those differences an the common obect which they had of following the commnands of our blessed Redeemer and assisting th ose who are suffering. Wellr now, recollect, in the commencement of this war, when much that is deplorable tack plce theroigh the inexperience of almost every one in the dutiestheyhadtoperform after a long peace, you had to supply several assistances to the army from without ; but inaLuost every case you had the means of doing it from some analogous profession and employment at homne. You wanted 'an Army. Works Corps; well, you had the whole railway staff to cheese from, and a laeOe band of navigators wras immediately sent out. You wranted to make a rail'way - your' civil engineers instantly supplied you with tho persons to meet that requirement. But nwhen youwanted nurses for the hospitals in the East you had no analogous profession from which to select. In Esngland, to our disgrace be it said, we have not zot any profession from which we could select persons suitable for nurses. Therefore 3iss Nightingale had to do this-to command a band of strangers to her, strangers alo to one another, and strangers to their duty, aad holding different creeds-and she had.to aiialnhmate all that mass together and make it work in perfect barmonyand then she bad this further difflculty-she was introducing an innovation into a military hospitaL Now, I need not say, that perhaps of all institutions military institutions are those which, from the habit of 30ng obedience to command, are the meet hikely to resent any interference with established usae. .They lookc nlaturally upon the introduction of a newv system as a rcpreach upon t-he old system-es an innovation-and upon thie pmerson who introduces it almost as an enemy, almost as a spy. Well, all these prejudices Miss Xightingq&e ladto overcome by a nice tact hut by great firmness ; and in no instance-with many on the watch, no doubt, to point out and to cry out at the slightest failure-h no instance has there been any accusation brought against her which can show that her mission has not . n attended with complete success. Those prejLdices overcome ; all now admit the immense services she has rendered; and, in the last accoumts I have seen of the hospitals in the East, ithas been asserted by no mean authofity,thatthere is no London- hospital, under tho difficulties that have to be encountered in the East that could for one moment oompare with the hospitals o. Scutari. Well, now that for once the Government has got nhead of us, our business is to overtake them, and see if we cannot bring the English hospitals up to the high level that the army hospitals have attained inthe East; anc the first thin to be done is to have the means of e.Sablishing-of ereating-a profession of nurses. I believe some doubts yvebeen expresse as to the mode in which this shall be done. Miss I lghtigale, .Y I have said before, is thoroughly Zaistress of her art; and if you want the thing well done, trust me tha' you cannot do better thanput it into her han&s. Don't shackle and fetter 'her by yourselves making minute regulations, which hMr. experience may show to be impolitic or perhaps impracticable, You must trust her with all the- detagis-and arrange-. msent, and for this reason that she is more cornpetet than anybody else, (Eear, hear.) YouL have got to use the sagtcrm of.the day, "the rihtwo in tnnheright. plae'cheersCand, hiving got her, trust her.' And trust ,-her-vhr7 TiTmst her for your own interest, because she is the one who wil earf out this reform the best. Trmt her for another reason-because the vwhole grace of your-compEimenit to her consists in the confidence the people of 1England have to place in her, having seen what her talent, her integrity,herself-devotioncanaccomplish. (Cheers. Well,then, supposing, as I do-for I find on this point buu one feelingthat she shouldbe,the one person to decide the details of how this institution should be conducted,-then people say "This is all vague and indefinite- there is no plan. In the first place, let me &ay that the tlingis proved not to be impracticable, by the existence of two institutons in London, thoughverysmallandineffective from wantofstrengtl, to send niurses all over the country. There is one, founded iby Mrs Ery, in isondo, from which nerses are sent ont to -any places-that apply-for them and thereforeIsay the thing is practicable; because it hasbeen done. What, then, is the diunIculty to be encountered by tiss NightdonWle? Why- it has beel s&aid; "You cannot have an mnstitation m h train nurses without hospitals tof train the in"- hatis true- but there are hospitals in thouty inrouDat~ England, and there is no difficulty in Lnding a prat'sin school, as it were, in which the nurses are to~betrained. Is it to be conhined to London ? Well,. I say for mny part, -I hon the nature and amount of this subscription will be suc that the institution shall be put, on such a footing that MisL Nightingale may ba enabled to make it ramify throughout the whole country. Why are we not to send nurses up from the country to the central institution, to be trained and returned to us capable of innderaking the most difficult hospital duties? or why should liss Nightingale -not send to us, on applcation. nurscs capable of conducting wards sn our provincisl~ hospitals, and capahc, on emergency, . of takingthc whole superintendence of such an institution? Isee no limittov;hichitcannotbe carried, if we get money enough. (Hear, hear.) I am afraid I have been trespassing on your time, butI wished to soint dnt7 first of all, the nature of the difficulties Miss gightingale has had to encounter. She is disgished, in common with others, by her. self-devotion; but distingushed above all others in that power of commandwhich genius possesses, in the influence she can emercise over others, and by the extraordinary powers of oranization and administration which she has displayed. These are the peculiarities of Miss Nightingale which point her out as the person to whom this great reform of our hospital system at home should be in. trusted. With regard to herself, I can add little to the expression of gratitudeewhichis intheheart andinthemouth of everyone, and of that feeEng of-as I reaUy may caU itaffectionate attachmcnt to Miss Nightingale, for aU she has done for this country. But some have objected, "If she has done so much, why. saddle her with more?" They do not know Miss Nightingale who utter that opinion. She is one to whom life is earnest, and life is real; she looks for her reward in this country, in havin' a fresh field for her labours, and the means of extending the good she has already begun. Depend upon it, you cannot pay her a compliment dearer to her heart than in giving her more work to do. (Cheers.) She wants tho means of continuing the work she has begun, and I look upon this meeting as most important, because I know the position Manchester occupies in England, and the influence Manchester has acquired through that restless activity of miud whiFch l pIlaced it sO hig-h in tbe intellectual scale of the country; and I know howv much this meeting may do to set an e;anaple that will cpread. It was therefore that Iland some friends of mine thought it our duty to attend this meeting, in order that the statements we might make, and the quastions we might answer, if put, might have the effect of making it understood; and I trust the example of this meeting will be followed throughout the country,and that the tetimonial to Miss Nightingale shall be one to make her usefulness felt all over England, and at the same time be worthy of the occasion which has called it forth-vorthy of thelady inwh6se honour we are met-and worthy, I must also say, of the gratitude of a great nation. to whom she has rendered immortal services. (Loud cheers.) Lord STrAisr, M.P., who was received with cheering, said,-When one of the first authors of this project requested me to give it by pubEc speech or otherwise such aid as was in my power, I accepted the offer very gladly, because it seemed to me to involve the fulfilment of two duties-one appealing to the intellect, the other to the feelings; one the duty of gratitude and recognition for pubEl service rendered; the other, that of aiding, according to our means, an importantandpromising socialmoversent. It can be shown, I think, that the Nightingale Fund combines both these Abjects. Of the service aendered by Msss Nightingale to our Brmy in the field it is quite too late to speak. There is no part of England, no city or county, scarcely a considerable dllage, where some cottage household has not been comforted amid its mourning for the loss of one who had Falen in war by the assurance that his last momerts were watched, and his worst suffering soothed by that care, at once tender and skilful, which no man, and few women, could have shown. But it is not merely individuals who have been thus helped. The State also has received benefit, and that to a degree which we hardUy appreciate, for where a danger has been warded off its magnitude is seldom realized. The present war-and if the rumour which has just reached me be true, I hope I may say the past war (applause)-I do not refer to it for any purpose that can provoke controversy or contradiction-has been commenced and carried on under new conditions of society. In ah past wfs waged abroad little was known, at least to bhe masses, respecting the every-day, details of life before the enemy. 3fen who stayed at home read of liattles won or towns takln, sldlful manceuvres of generals, daring Jts Df personal courage performed by soldiers; but never since nan began to live and fight on earth (two events nearly conterupormneous) has the entire existence of an army be daily domestic life, been sketched for the satisfaction of those who- stayed behind in England. The 2ewspaper correspondence frorn the Crimea, with its Senefits and its abuses, is a feature of war singularlycharac;eristic of our time, and impossible in any other. What vas the effect of these disclosures? They dispelled a good nany illusions, they stripped war of much of its romance, md showed beneath a splendid exterior scenes painful and corrible. They told the masses of this country-the class 'rom which soldiers are taken-fairly what they had to mxpect; and thus enabled them, before deciding to serve. so make an intelligent choice, and not a blnd one. Well, 1hen, under these circumstances, it was no slight service to he State as such, no sight aid given to the country in the mrs of its struggle, that the recrait here in England should know and feel that, wherever else apathy, or ignorance, or carelessness night prevail, there was one condition Df his miltary career, and that the most trying of all, in -which his sufferings would not be overlooked, and his wants would be efficiently cared for. But more than this, and without reference to the special emergencies of the time, I believe most of those who have thougRht on social subjects will incline to confirm the last words of that good man, Talfourd, to the effect that the disunion of classes is the worst evil of modern society. (Applause.) Now, what makes that disunion ? Allowing for external causes, I say still, in the main, it is individual selfishness. Each class is apt to ve tao little and expect too much. The rich think themselves distrusted; the poor neglected. One often claim confidence which has not been earned; the other sometimes asks aid which cannot be given. And in this condition of things those are benefactors to the community by example and teaching who, by any act of real self-sacrifice-not the mere giving of superfluous wealth or equally superfluous leisure, but the giving of themselves, their labour, their health, perhaps their life practicaly that they hold the faith of universal humn 'brotherhood-that they hold that faith in action 2s well as speculatibn, on week days as well as Sundays, outside the church as well as within it. Such efforts, whatever direction they take, admonish the prosperous,encourage theafficted,humanize and harmonize alL These, then, are the claims of Miss Nightingale. She and those who went forth with her have relieved a vast mass of suffering, saved many lives, made many deaths easy, aided the State, and by an example of personal heroism raised the moral tone of the community. Now, true heroism is not so plentiful that we can afford to let it pass unrecognized-if not forthe honour of those who showit,yet very much for our own. And, with the exception of Howard, the prison reformer, I know no person besides Miss Nightisgale who within the last hundred years, in this island, or perhaps in Europe,'has voluntarily encountered dangers so immnnent, - and undertaken offices so repulsive, working for a large and worthy object, in a pure spirit of duty towards God and compassion for man. (Applause.) But there is another point of view in which Mis Nightingale's expedition stands out from the common course of human action. (Applause.) It is not easy anywhere, especially in England, to set about doing what no one has donebefore. Many persons will undergo censiderable risks, even that of death itself, when they know that they arc engaged in a cause which, besides approving, itself to their consciences, commands sympathy aindapproval-wheu they know that their motives are appreciatediand their conduct spplauded. Butin this case custom was to be violated, precedent broke through, the surprise, sometimes the censure, of theworld to be braved. And don't underrate that obsthale. We hardlyh oow the strength of those social ties that bind us until the moment when we attempt to break them. There is a pressure which custom and convention exercise upon the members of society, which modifies conduct and which seems often to leave to the weaker among us scarcely any share in forming their own characters and careers. Now mark what, by breaking through customs and prejdices, 1iss Nightingale haa eected for her sex. ear, bear.) She has opened to them a new professiona new sphere of usefulness. I don't suppose that, iin undertakin her mission, she thought much of the effect which it might have on the soca position of women. Yet probably none of those who have made that question their special study has done half so much as she towards its settlement. Aclaimfor more extended freedom of action, besedon proved public usefulness in the highest sense of the word, with the whole nation to- loak on and bear witness, is one which must be listened to, and cannot be easily refused. JApplause.) - At this point I may notice some objections which may havebeen, or may burged against our proposition. You may betold that, though Miss NTightingale deserves all honour, the promoters of this fund areonlyseeldng to acquire poRularity at her expense-to share her 'trimph Without havingashiAedher labours. The facts refute that charge. Weclaim no crediti for we merit none. We are simply giving utterance to a sentiment which we did not originate, -which we do not profess exclusively to represent, and which we find already diffused throuOgh the length and breadth of t'he land. On the monument :wbfch we desire to raise no name will be inscribed save one. Aaainsuspicions have been uttered, though without one particle of proof, that the desgn submitted to you had in it something of a sectarian or superstitious character. Ono geutlernan has said, "Were the ft so, I for Qone wold akh ran hands of it -andvise all whom I. could reach to do the sane." . hut. the' only organiiation we propmse or desire to establish is one of pure, genesl, unsectrian 'benevolence-a sentiment which, I rather iugine, belongs to no rrticular era or opinioi, but is just as old and as WiTely spread as the human race itself Iastly, and in that plea there is more weight I have heard it said that, before applying for mouey in a citylikeMarichester, weoughtto havebeen preare whith a plan more definite and detailed than that ore 'My answer is, much must be left undecided, if free play is to be given to the judgment and experience of Miss Nightingale. It is not rules, not forms, not paper checks or gairantees that mnake an enterprise prosper it is th living, unfettered hudmn energy. You ought to know that in Manchester, if others don't; andi believe you do know it. -Without a rare original talent this work could not be done at all, and' with such a talent, the best thing you can do is to let it work out its own ends in its own way. We promise to leave Miss Nightingale free and unhampered; and we believe that is the best guarantee for efficiency we can give. "But why not wait til Mliss Nightingale herself comes home r/" I will tell you why. We do riot fear that Miss Nightingale wil be forTotten, even in the hurry and bustle of modern affairs; yet it seems mnore expedient and more suitable to the temper of the publio that the acknowledgment of her serv'ice should not be deferred until that service itself is no longer new. Also, a life like Miss Nightingale's is valuable. No year of it should be lost to manlknd. Better that she should find the materials of her future work ready to her hand on returningthan 'have to wait inactive, though willing to labour, for the slow process of their raising. And now, turning from the personal part of the question, a word as to the project which, throuh herfriends,Mlss-Nightmgalehasputforthtothepeopie of England. ShewishestoestaSlishhereasnperiorclasso trainedhospitalnuses.ThatthethingispossilAonoone doubts On the continent it has existed for more thau 1,000 years. We hear of it in France as early as the 7th century; we hear of it again in the time of the crusades,' vhen soldiers, returning from war in Palestine, flUed Euiope with wounds and disease; andin Flanders, towardstheend of last century, an association of this kdnd calledforth tho admiration of the Protestant philanthropist, Howard. (Applause.) But it is not only in Roman Catholic countries that such institutions have existed. At Kaiserswortb, near Dusseldorf, on the Rhine, a similar association has been set up during the lst 30 years, under Protestant management, whichnow includes about 190 nurses,either employed or in training. These are instances of success actuaUy achieved; and, if you want proof that something of the kind is needed in England, remember that, not many years ago, Sir Edward Parry, the Arctic 'discoverer, (whom we have aU heard of) seeing the faults of theexistingsystemofhospitalnursing, endeavouredtoremedy its defects at the Naval Hlospital, Hasler, by apublic appeal for nurses of ahigherclass. T hat appealwas not anwereae. IPrejudiceandhabitweretoostrong.T.eattemptfeUtotheground, and I believe it would fail now-I at least should despairwere there nat enlisted in the cause talents and energysuch as few men or women possess, and were there not, at the same time, a degree of enthusiasm roused by the exertion of those talents such as rarely exists on any subject of social and peaceable interest. It is that combination which renders the enterprise hopeful and success more than probable. One further word and I have done. I suppose no one has reflected seriously on the social tendencies of the age, without seeing that to provide for women fitting employment of the higher sort is one of its problems-not the least important, and not the moet easy to solve. It is idle to say that a woman's whole sphere of duty lies at home. Many have no homes; many who have are not required to givc to thenm-eannot employ in- them -all the energy wich they possess. For such what active pursuit does the world supply? The hustling life of men is unsuited for them- and happy it is so.. MTere study and contemplation cannot suffice for any one. The temperament which makes authors and artists is rare. To visit the poor is well; but visits of mere friendship and synpathy cannot form a large part in the life of any one. And as the form which religion in the present day assumds is eminently that of benevolence, and as we begin to recognize that the best way-some would say the only way-of serving God is by helping man, it is natural to expect that many in all ranks, and especially those who in their private relations are solitary, cheerless-it may be afflicted-should find the greatest satisfaction to conscience and the most suitable remedy for their own distress in alleviating human suffering, in its simplest and severest forms. Put this in their power, and youa wil set them free from the most painful of all sensations which can afflict an active mind and a seisitivetemperament-the pain of compulsory idleness, of duty undischarged, faculties consciously unemployed, opportunities of good passing by unimproved. In the hope of this deliverance I commend this project to your patronage-asking you, by one and the same act, to honour merit, to lessen suffering, and to give to female energy and charity free scope in anew channel. (The noble Lord resumed his seat amid applause.) The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. EzawsrsL moved the second resolution, to the effect that the only worthy mode of acknowled Miss Nightingale's services was the establishment of such an institution as had been indicated. Mr. BArLEy briefly seconded the resolution. Mr. Moscn'ow Mm\Ens, M. P., said if he had been tolI that when he knew JMiss Nightingale in the obscurity of private life that the time would come when before such a meeting as this, and in such a place as this, he should hear her name mentioned and her praises re-echoed, he should have very much doubted the prophecy. The main characteristics of her temperament and her disposition were such as might rather lead to an absolute avoidance of al publicity, a disregard, perhaps singular, of public opinion, regarded nerely as-pu lie opinion, and a prof6und belief that all great works were best accomplished in the privacy and in the conscence of the individual man. But it was one of the most mysterious dispensatiots of - Providence that the great heroes and heroines of the world -the men and women around whom the praise of men clustered the most fully-the men and women who were held up to our children as examples, and regarded with pietyand delight by mankind, were often those who were driiwn out of private life by some mysterious process of divine circumstance of which they themselves -were the least likely to be conscious. (Cheers.) It was thus that Miss Nightingale hadbeen drawn from herprivacy into the dustyhighway of public fame (hear, hear), and, being there, she was the last person, and she would, in the justice of her mind and the cleamess of her intellect, necessaril be the last person who would wish to avoid the new conaitior of that publicity, and attempt to combine the advantages of notoeety with the secrecy of private station. If Miss Nightingale was a public personage, as a publc personage she was ready to stand. She was readythat you should know everythin about her, and investigate to the utmost, as the public had a right to do, all about her before she received your good wiU and acquired your faUest confidence. It was for this that he an other friends of bEss Nightingale had come there, and because they were ready to speak upon every point that might be necessary fer explanation or the re. moval of any suspicion or misapprehension as to her position. Their object was to tell the meeting simply what she waaisd what she had done; but it was true that,'being a woman who had been drawn by a singular -circumstance into the sphere of public notoriety, it did become them to be somewhat delicate in investigatingthe operations of her mind or the peculiarities of her intentions. They could only say that she was a person of the most devout and pious mind;- that her family, on the side-of her father and mother, had been non-Dissenters for generations, of the highest respectability, and held in the, geratest esteem; and, so far as ho could learn, she eminently belonged to that church of which the terms of communion were rather good deeds than good words, and whose conditions of fellowship were rather in definite acts than definite doctrine. (Loud cheers.) She was not held up to notice here, however, because she had merely- left a comfortable home and gone to a situation destitute of - all the comforts of Elfe, or because she had abandoned the pleasant condition of her high station in this country, and gone to a place where she had to work with the meanest and to serve with the lowest,-things which women in any station of life were often ready to undertake, and of which we as Englishmen had a right to be prDud,-but it was because with that spirit of devotion and benevolence she combined in the most remarkable degree the power of commanid, the power of organization with the common sense which was ever necessary in the most tryig circumstancca and on [the most exciting occas'ions. (H3ear, hear.) It was for this reason that, if they believed this work to be a good work and one in which they could co-operate, they should place her at the head of an establishment wrhere she' could bast give her country the beneSitof such services asit was in her power to render. The hon. gentleman went on to show that no time should be lost in promoting'this object, so that the means might be ready to MisLs Nightingale's hand immediately on her return, and expressed a hope that the report just telegraphed of prospects of peace mnight be true, that she might return to this country. (Cheers.) The resolution was carried unanimously. Mr. gv Paenrps, formerly one of the members for Manchester, moved a committee to carry oat the objects of the meeting, expressingahigh sense of Missighghtingale's-services in mitigating the sufferings and miseries isedantal to war. He beheved the war to bce a just and necessarv one. -They had determined, regardless of ost, not to stanheby ad see the weak oppressed by the strong, and it wras a trueEngysh feeling; and he had no sympathy withthose who appeared to feelso much for or enemnies rather tban for the sufferargs of our own brave warrios. (Loud and repeated cheering.) - ha dReerneDT, jadge of the County Court, seconded the motion, and it was adopted unanimously. t Mr. ino. the town-clerk, then read a long lst of sub- scribers of 10 guineas, which incladod the iamnes ot tho MTayor, Mr. Houldaworti, Mr. S. Fletcher. Mr. KeIshawv,MA'., Mr. Callender, Mr. Bailey, Mr. Wray, Sir John Potter, Mr. Souchay, Mr. 3. A. Turner,- Sir Benjamin Hey-- w ood, Mr. Oliver Heywood, Mr. Jamnes Heywood, hiP, and other gentlemeon. The meeting concluded withla vote ofthanks to the MIayor for presiding. ~
WI=r NErri--The Nord, the R6s8ian organ published at Brussels, gives a translation in criteno of Mr. Cobden's recent pamphlet. To the headiig, " Pamphlet of ML Richard Cobden, Member of the Parliament of England," the NWord adds :-" We publiMh this remarhable workl which Mr. Cobden has just wntten on the question of peace and war. The grave talent and the honest intentions of the iter give such an importance to this pamphlet that we Uave thought fit to lay the whole of it before our readers." Rrssu.x OmcTiA DgQuExSnm.-The St. Petersburg Marine- Journad a fewr days back 1mblislied the dlegradation of an officer of the Commuissarlat of the -Fleet of the- Black Sea, " for aiding and abetting in the -getting uip of false documents." St. Petersburg letters mention adso that the MEnister of War.baa laid before-the Bmperor " a judgment pronounced by a council of,war, which, when it is published, will excite as much sensation as the peculations of Politowsld did, who had embezzled 1,000,000 roubles from the funds of the Invalids.", The srties affected are seven members and the president of a Tribupal of Commerce in the south. They are understood to have m&de verg free with tho State Tzeasury as wll as the funds of t9a txibZuml i1elf,
jJ"oHIC SLL WORK acl - PUBLO - SOW, L,rd~n, KETMad o.61 and ZS, Patemla Tho. hesvOat cmeniu educational wor cersidfomthe Dress. It is no comltdi i iue. rw4orc s d - cd,, In clt boars f he d. ech Thes voume fom a Enyalperdn olntueton,poplarandtheasy Las 55.Fi-uch dllesonsend31 eadngs Fencmlhunrednnncl bl lemon;p orah,wt y ~ p,3 nemos eratus liao y 3Is sdons;ea tcspltsheriso es on musac, itengraeexnpls gymnastics, my id prCtieo.,f n3 teachino,phstea-deow ton 'Thce. ;Opudlar dua-tr ecan be otaed t lso i ne weely Itrnumybersc, I l T,Ic. ARY,cs ompoindingom thehingl voluesh priceis. d.; don be T~nhe ficat tree voses o herle Lopndars Edcatfom tac. Lpnblishc Din eindrinso DOrislitend jd fromfr idn, s ah,o o the thcnooeea Londn. W Heit adCo. It nd 53, andm tC-ow. 1aa&, Prc.budncoh, ~Is. each, of the t6wm in, on o'to bud C. ASSELL'. LRESSO2&41nd -ENGLISHr ;DalisurpsseObyanyt-lt compoed from th rbi nc,&"he ictontariesa ci ltb arnch Academyi, Gresehri nelue andas I'c. ,r fo the Eyntglisth31tionrie ofOgilie,JohsouWelaer.&c;andfrom theb Technolgcal IOLME nd WAL,Acld nd HENtY BRIGZ,and Coq.5 anci52, Ibetcasl Ptisne since, thesslanguaonare cls eanred lai soleo upwards of 3.0a coies. ijet ivs verbi'nerded patoehm Whos zmolt perfe ditonary etant.s Ausod obtaidynabl ind I nunabelento. ndapasthe ptup ets peok bindingthevlueyrie. London, IVVet nC. 5 d5. pfat and Co, I n pric ice to 42. 6d. n. V (IASSELL's LESSONS inA L:FRENtCH. Past A. an rcpitou Caserencs to tie idins arnch texapestfon the bhes Fncht aificult epu,aties aud apermanento knoabladryofth rench l.Ketandge Lo.do, W.ad 2 Faenooteende.51ad2.Perot-ow Pa'coves I.bylosth7d. . KBYt'te OEsow the estimaion nSEic it' isColbStepulic. Ptnot-ewinFNC.London, W. Kent and Co., Ii anndl5, AS in -iecvls. andmealy bound,i oh,9. CO GEERMANUA POfNheFRNCHN DIC- GUACKIRY iny PtowrorpDe.LOL Iemn this mn..uaprier, i- piatper p7rinciples cofthebars lu .- 6reclerl laidUs dawn andmac,pioul ptantioves,mijectiv, scrilbsoands particles .Th behadinplumareso entesusdcs. ;ay cands foindiipngal toealthe pupil 9 ech to sleak correctly. Lond51and 52unPateno3t1 adl,ratrnstr-ow YrsLadI,price 2& e. in paplr covers, s. Ed croth,tthlo two Pa-r i c rm Frgench,r for trUlainacmpne reCeS toLCsse LESSONsSiFrnch thERMAlsNntionofthe mos Co., II andil), Pate5nadeCo.,t5 and 52 1rcis.papric era. byor st i. . lt fASSERIEs o LESSONS in' EREANCHPROthNule %-3fosATON; catonsisong-an entrey novlct arondGermpoPan. Viter- London, W. Kent andl Co.. 51 and 592 Paternoster-row. (ASSBLL's GEATIN DICTONOUNC InG IC paeC oess s c1loth bosl, I. E. 2 EClis paped German3.cint pvrecones. s. E. ;clot bords,4s.;als t e hdcinnumer s, alth 3d. an prts a Is ;cars fr indngtoovoume P. each. CLonson, PIta odL,pice Is. paeracoipser.ovrsi, orlI. clot.cot,thw CASSLL SLEL'LESNS SONS in LATIN; ontanin seraEieso aynprogresslaion esons, by whi,ch te-e sef-ductn,W stuentan fCilt. Lo ndon 5 V etsdCo.I n 1 Paternoster-row. Pcer coes. Id.. clo4th i.E. CASS EY toLt TIe GSXERISESin C'ASSEL''B LES-mo SONS inDGititta%:d. LonDon,I.D.Kents andCo,IiTeand 1. containing choic selecptiton from thet bes Gerom and arnuthor,ei prsbnd-eas7n comp letejuge (h havoeahlr ito itho wseek:b als pdcpious re sferencest to theil' Lessonso ubi inpermn,onLondon, W. Kent and Co., 51 and 12. PaternosTe-row. ri-es Is.. paper revere; or is. d.co, C ASSELLJYLSSOLLNSGi GERMAIN PoNUFIR- dctiAntoN;h cotnsistng-of eaisy Ewtracts fberomparmaon Writers.y Lothro in-ntr.ndon, W. Kent and Co., 51 anddI. Paernater-r. inASEL's LATSINALICTIONARY. I TefsTw beards, ls.-2. Englishnsist andaLatin. rc.i ae oes s lt bofrd, Is. or h Pisoelys. bound in lonethum. pic s .hs else e obtined n nubers,at 3d, an ports a Ss.. each. Css biningthrcoplt volm,prc d O yN3.11 N LISH. By J3.. and C.BERD. lI.D.Thisditinuary compreendsafo everwordfusedlby temstuemients. Iticntwritns.apradtical Keantmandr., Itd anIdeI Price .E. ae ovr;o s.na cloth,' HE SSELF'saLESSOASSanXLAINER eing anLr E- Tsnety tramh ofu ithe atn.3o tLangae, irplns seies of easyrand sz n odon, W. Kent and Co.o.t an Ia,dPte2noser-row Pricee Is. paper covers, or ls. 6d. cloth. CASSEYLtLCs SEL's LES oNS AInHLETIC; coin- taiing Tanslatpmions tofCalgl thr Eue-e. Baindon W. Kenoan Co..AItand 2, AtersLanose.row. etadC.51nd2 Peroer row. R~IA.ByPofso tic 1,i th co iteStm for experiencet,adpoone bJcmptn juge to ohv bogti inSEL AIH-To Ceo-t bonapedcioni besAfel l.1seft to a the d Qiino ubticn oinion. London,o IV.Loentnand Co. t aa o.5and 52. atnratesrnostr. o Priceis. papear covers.orls E. nea cloth, C iASSELL's SHILING DITINTSo LER of FIr,T LESSOScec K iunLtiNy. I Mtefed i by A.f wrIANDRLSAndQ 8. thronsnrlsntr.London, W. Kent and Co., Ii and 12,. Pate r-terrw HSEL' CLASSRICAL LDUCATRY. cmlthe irs T2vols.u cofnthiowe Apric is. Ed. cloth)edi cnsibestso, rrtine2 elyhoognd panecdote of Emin0aentsaoren, dinsaHithry aindI l. Ancient Geogaphy:th doublec vos..I appened,anc prpiDcinry o.I comries oue LatntEerise. Prie His.,oneat cloth. Vet fel cn tain thyae Oandofth Apsosves,o ian% thehrigialree' withla copiaous Notes' JOmidaLcn Prices LIIs.E, et loh CMLondo,-h. Kene aondistsof, 26vl - d.ec,I papric e rte Is..e bound in cloth. om theg the cmpentopelingbook."1 by. Nor rah Webstnr. libDary of anth gla,ed.front and(lock, Sand1, kaemo2,s.Thr-o wn-.Za ia ea A superior edition of the above, on extra-sired fine foolscap paper, withia porteetatof the authoron steL. Price, in cloth bcetds,4 E d.; elegantlybound, gilt edges,4~s Lndon, V. ent ad Co.. 5land 52, Paternoster-row. In two volumes, 7d. each, or in one cdunbla volume, neatly bound in cloth, IE. Ed., ETIE HISTORY of SCOTLAND : its Historieal T3,Geography. Perit'on and Inihuence, Coniteste mid Stragglecs, Inteileetnland moroiProgress,Civiadndellg~ions DinsdsUnrion with England. the two Great itebelllons, sc. Ey tOBEItT FEIIGOUSON, LLeD. London.IV. Kent and Co., 11 and.12, Ptternoster-row., In three volumes; 7it each, or the three necatlylyounid in one, 2s.3d. T HE HISORY of RELAND,fromp the Earliest Perid t theyea 151, wth aRevew f diei XtIteugles against TrEM HISTORY of: FRANCE, from theC Eatrliest LPeriofdto thePresentTime. WVithunumeroes Poctraissa. Loraden, I%V. Itent ad Co.; It-and 521. Ptternoste~r-raw. One voluma Seo price 2. Ed,neattlboriud. (NAS5ELLs E1LEME~NijTA4RY GE,OGRAPH~Y, for- thlinodoD!sand Families. Thisvolitmaisfroniatholrca 01 J. G. GOODREICII. Eel., betterkiiown as tIre origin11al " PrIer Parley," anither of osios of the niast entertasining- and pop-a'lanrwork-s that lhave -ercr b~-een rittenlorthieuseof childrenanidyon)ttli; The style is simaple and easy; theils:rriptlos.s ace fuill wrid compcintiions,. aiid the in: ps and other ihistrmtlios, niakly 50 ini number,' furnish the pupil crith5a acuaeidea of tire position of the-v-as-len costiftrirs; anu the cuistieal aemunrof tIer uinabliants. London. WAWAtiassd Co..,pt andl 52. Paternoster-row. Thie above are o.stalerahletlirbiig aniiy bool-seller ini tirelslaited kingslain. or may be had, c-frcdietfntheubiec,flg(i O IaVos-oflice order for the mninonat,t CASSEL's EDUCATIONAL- SE1U=,.-Pzioe SkIAL .eh in clo4lw - boards, or the two volumes in ioe 103. 6C. TJiHE POPULAR BBLICAL EbUCXA!ron COrn- JLpleefon2vohLs.rowrn4tO. Tbe eobmnes co nitam a mass of in fermationk On arious polota connected with biblical literature anda C'in-Is han oWcy, _-The workz ia written in apcpl& zr~yle, and it . .~~~~~~~~~~. therefore specialt adtaptdto supp,ly fa,mile SundayaceDol tesiebe. and Othems with that amuinlt of suatormatten respectint tke HolyBible which tboyncod,inorderto mmte chrgesC ofirideisadtho subtleties 0trmaist,and to confirm Lnd estatli.their own minds in the gcn quecasseandauthentic3t of Holye driI Whtarever thesubjectrs. quires PiCtorial 2 lrtis they raw int;rdueed. This work can lof be obta,ined in numbers,atnt2each. Casesforblnidingthe siV*evole.. ilo.bd.eah;fo- the doublev ola, s. Cdrtea. Landon,W. t Kent and Co., 5 sand , Paternosterrowv n2o,g.eorthneatly bwundin oe s. d. TfE ATTRA Hve,n ISTORYd; ofllb Tr: iAN; or, Popu- LondG lon, W.1~nteZtahn-veelsy B JOH EI,bTY, AAM Bondon, Co., band Co,512sudS2,Paternehwo o.,-and .L I NAyX }C.. ThR,Te,°u is worfoiaaicueS: of~ HISTO3URY nd OSIJJ co of'the GREAT- E2iBoSof lthe BRITISH .'dfl RI ByBE BJAhH PARSO%S. TheNU counr nd cllamt, thbemixtrle ofthe eopet u nua o Wi rs, i on ue. I 7d. HE WOND~ of the EAVNS.By FRE- TDEIC SW.ULIAbS. -This yolumd contan asetclx of the hsoty of astro m6ialh dscovery freomrthotear7et down 42s observations of Lord Roeseo: des=cibesthe planletatmer dwny the m tary worid, end the sOPZarun he planetar lter, thetethe questlonof the inhabitution of the stars, &o. adpit h connexionL between the teachbings of nature audoiSrpue odn WI. Kent and Co., 51land 52, Platernoster-rorw. Onedr volume Ill., ?TEHE HISTORY of the STRAR-ENGIhE fron the J Second Century before the CirJisth Era to the Time of the Geat E-hibition. TirithmanyErigravings. By Professor WALLACE, The luasttwo works, hoi0dtoggether, Is. 6d. London, W. Kent and Co,51 and 52, Paternoster4ow. 2 ole. late, 2each;othe twols. 8ro.ne, is. 6d. WAILING OVER the GLOBE;r, the Progres. of IRA Maritine diovery. P Including th conyexDiscnoveris of the Portugy. Sweden s of Vapsad . aeldisi. Jn Magelan; EasernEntrprsesof heInglish,ad' rtsrusn~laino h Glbe;thFur 2vesols Cvolbus. Crtetonretn Meic;PlsaroC ri&heDscvr ofN' JOSEPE. Lobndonlta, W. Kent end Co.. tand 52. and CPa.te, rnoste rar ow.t8vo.. Twocoa,7d.eah,orThe tuwo neal bonis n s.C. B. 'LA R P.S of TRAESTL EUWW ,ORKS Withx lllutr;otions. Itos. 824s 3 ERGUSSO~Nds AILESRCAT aED dHArND'-TBOelOi Foy SReD e andUREp Li A a intheRI CEiea, an ther Alo PreOtEet.Jon3rry lmaet CaucasusdGergh n TO'aumel inoo, ith CTyrot 4trvl ao theTart-R Y te~eo of the Pope,IA anCaHobyURiCH HT RN h 1S THRM. RT's Ili:lE . By S eB - J. J. scrLe;Jhete. uravelsndarne'stre oh Tale thxoug soay bool i t Kng dHEm;r maybe hadu(os free dayAIrec frm Ae thrce tulser,o ecito T ABARTE's ILLUS1I TED Y ofi LATINo tJt'oAL&AMof thhflDE OGES. Jobhn turray Albernle street.kurs,AIearestet apo6f-offr ordrfo teoRnM tst., tc jZ4YR. U R's LIST ofCNE WORKS:-died wt Albemarle-atreet. y Albemt. 46 ~~~~neit lourned Crop. Ce. .. 1- ,IA, aOud etof the CHRiS CHciCHolon ith .U. URNGth FIOE RST THREEY CETRE. By Rev. J, storT. John Musry A.. STbLe.alLr-aenetd Post 8-o., Its. 2fd TH EnGLSdO A ineae Ao.PyRv JM ERICA John blurly, Sbemale- mray.Aleal.tet Voa in6 ith an lasicter,16rno.e,n th WOl 6d. . D EN A L ON' FIDETORY of OLTIN CSTIIT S dteOSPES. JohnNurray M A1rbemarlestreet. With Maps and Plates, 2 vO oist. Cro. 2ts.. WIV YEARSbl mo DAM.SCUS 'PATn 8IYRA 6 eac JL1LEBAON B Rv.J L.ST OF;ICAI JoblaX= Poplbar bemarletret. With coloured oMs. 8vo., i4s.. LOIERD s EL GLESTIER 2 PILE aoie wIth their Jobn~y-S~Rev. A. P A .n Murray . Albemarle--relt- street. With2DW. 8ro., 2Cs., FiAr-trEt. s By Rev..LL ST3PRATED. JohANDBOmy, ibOsarlWhutreeti SIR M Fel)2 VOS8vo. 5g LTP ELL'sEPISTESRE's BIRI'AGEan oTh er POEMS. John Mray.Albemarlc-ste BYRO, 6Ol vaoL,dem bvoL , 7o.m Svo.,e21s POtETII AL editon, With Portit.to. tEd, ith Noth es.lnAjobn odturray. AlbnerMrlay,t. Street.n vLsqae Go,7 (L - Rvisd CUtirLwith tOWoodctios.v, OiS.pst ., I 6. LABARTE's. SILLU'sSTRATLED HAL -BO oflI;-NL D H ostt.OS=lbY. .h t emt . Fop. SrO, Cs. SIR BEeINER' PER y BRe -EHN E VIEO W ' of ra INIA ohMryl.bAeearldsret.eareset. Fe1oR, STORY wof,.dem P SSo th . Bd. eaodo School, Ri2eri Bthe SPC AL John B y. AlbClrla ited, Cot InMowthly Vollutes, 5s 8vol, ;s. -ach, ALILM's HISTORICAL WORKSw PopulEanS SJLXIrit3on Thombe OIPoiCtei2nlofthe3ols. forn lur:roayAbmcar- ch aCtiond WTird T nd Co., vria 12 D sD .R PRaCtIe Tea Principled f rtbeir *-land val Rel_gon. By RDev JOHN PENOSE, Johunrr, Albmu lbernarl-to-ste., DI,ELIL TRY fPUSS In E6s Bys ORSTTIBO or, SelE*oRTEin P. Jrohn Muty.be marl E en -sthreet.n wnMothly Voltes, rown vo.. Cas. each HALLLAM'S HOGIST A PORATESI o SIEGEPoof NAtEdition.TooomLetdA. los Jo ohnrry Muray,e Atbetnai etrheetetrec.Pes o Pct fn Tiur ad -''Thous1and.Ms8So., 21s., fECRIMEA, Lad theSea ACff ndTSores of th Yied t B Wela DLEenB of SEY G. John Murrttst I" ay Jofhan a lmestsrbeetstrets Wth Portrait5 vest 140.. tOn. Cd., N APER WIEGLH :ISATLE a egnd SIfE ofthr tZhLeYIc Ey D. John Murray, Alhberof*-street S With ltes, 8,The SIn.' B RICK and EPmATLE RCto thIC oshIAfe8e ITAL int Nthe.MDL AGESc. _. ByA ._B. STRbTr F-.S.A.b readOnsthmOLEY. liD.J ohMuay Aemre-st . 2 e ols_ .ro., 4eS., S T PULS EPISTE QAto te CORINTHDIANS g . tPAUL'sEPISTaEvtothe,THESSALONIANS kFbGalatians. and Remans. DWith Notes, by Rev. B.oWEPi john Murray. Albrmamdo-street. one lari el.medium C12s, halfns.. D R. WToF. SNITH's NEW LATIN-ENGLISH EDWAR QDIOSIONAIIY. jofm uAriry, Alhxafried-street. One ol. osuare n mo.. 7s.CdI.. hWM. Sce ITH' s PSMALLER LIATIN-ENGLISH P. *reDICTIOXNARY.eJh Mucrray.Arer1r-street 12mno.. 23.. 7JpHE BEGhINNER'iiOWN FRENCH BOOK; or, jLplain Rulesaund Graduated Exercises. By C. J.DFLLIT1E,rPv,fec -or atO xtst'sHoc;pital and the Cityof london ScheOL. Exaincrin the LondonIUniversjeysand timeCollegeoOfEton hitkead o 12mo., 5Cs. Cd., D EILL'sFRENCH GRAMtMAJI.; with Eng,,avin'~s showings the Positicn of the Mouth for thePronunciation of prench Zitounds; end Exercisesc forming a ComPleteCOurseO' French Thssuc,tiOn. Whittikerend Co..A:ve Isfrta-lrmse. 12mo.. 2s. Cd.. D ELILLE'a MANUEL ETYMIOLOGIUEor an ldnofteos eusstretWod,iitheir DoIn. nstions; composed on the Worcs o Ilneuange, Raynoenrd. Itoquefort. &o, WhidttakeranudCOD., Ave1Maria-lnens 12mno C6. 6d.. DELILLEB's REPERT6IREdes rRoSATEURS' Dor, Selections in Press fromthe best French Authors; Arrange t.hsooisl.with Biogru)McalmiSketches and Explanatory Notes. WhitakeranldyCo., Ave Mans-lane. "ELTLIHsMODELESdu OEE; or, Selctions jtj rmthe best French iPoets for Peiain Whiticrake nd Co.. Ave Mratme Nosy ready, fems., sn. cl oth, ECHRISTIA-N' MELVILLE. By t'he Author Of MatthewFnxtne." `Its dbJectisthehighest tbateanhe compassed; andthe I1fldiment Of that object is in the best taste that ccan be conceived. It is sri earnest book, in a word, upon the mest earniest Captain MAflOB REID' NEW NoVEL-Now redy at aU iihO libraries, T HE HITECHIEEF: a Legend of Northern Mxc.By CaptaLin M)AyNE REID. Author of `The Scalp Hunter- -" The itili Bangers, " &-'We can recommend 'The White Chief' to all readerswho dlesire a n3ovel that Shall make their hearts beat, end talke them entirelyOutof- the ordinary way of movel readlng~_Athnmeumn. DavidrBogus, Feet-street. Newvedition,denmy4to., L452pp.,3Ils.-d,loth. WEBSTER's QUARTO EN9GLISH J)IC- WTIONARY. unaibridzed. revisrd and gratlyvenla.rged andlimproved byProfessar GOODRICH. Theonly comPleteediton.Also, abridged from the aboVe. Wobstes Smaller Ee3gihDilct40nory. CondenssdbyCharlcsRohsoe. .C~~~~~~~~S 4diin.l-pp.. embosed, 3s. (Cd. TORY;eontaningaps o the end,at,IGpe:riDds. from tho Creaionto he Dscoeryof meria, ithan istrcal Sketch. By Seeley.Jckson, ad Holida,lFe-et-street; and 3BeatotenSeeley, Xowrendy. the 17th thousmd, fcp.Svo., cloth, Cs., lJrINISTERUNG CHILDREN. A Tale Dedicated 1L to Chdhood. By a (LaRGYMhA%s DAUGHTER. Bythe 1. Vltato thePoor. Infc;.8To.. E:aEvrin s.d.. cloth. 2. ABoolcfortheCottage. Thirdedition l&no..2s,Cdoth. . StndayAfternoDns in the Nursery. With EngraTins. Second edition. i18m.,.6 d loth. 4. LetterstoaChilmi. Insnare3lim .,2s Cd.,coth. S. The Iight of Lifeo. Addresed to theXonne i8tmo., 2 ., loth. 6. Letters ou liction. Ins11 8Co.. Is. &t.. coth. Sreels.Jako. and. illiday, 52, Tlslet-sret; B. Seelcyr, Haove::- SWEDxYBORWS THEOLOGICALWORKS:-- Ya[EAVEN and HELL : also the Intermediate State, J. or World of Sprints, 34 pages, dermy Svo., st.; or Ss. cd. vwith Htartley'sPreiacs. Tree Christian Region; or, the Univtrtal Theology of the New ChurchL 914pages. demySeo., 7s. Conjugal ovo ed its Chast Delights . A det, AiuteroeusLovo and its InsanePl?easures. DezmyZro.,436pages,4s Sent post free to auy address. CoMplete cataogue3 ofSwodeuborg'a works may be Lad oD applicatimiLn.-Sedeuborg Socicty, 30, Bloomsbury-sLrect, Oxford-street. By the Rev. W. B. MACKENZD2, M.A-2d. cach, or :i a packet, prim .sc, -I'¶WELVE TRACTS f.d o r P-}rochiaoXlcDistribution 3. Tis orl sadtheN'et-HetonHnlYD--The Welcome Message-TheShiner Sought Out-loueCast Out-The LIving Way -The Blood of Atoneen1et-Pence Throu:h Christ-The Helpes-i Prajer-he LI.fe ot Faith-The Inward Witness-BXest forthrBur- dened. Seeleaouion, end Hallidey, CC, Fleet-street; Bento Secley, Sixth bitiYoe, enlarged. 2L;. WVHAT SLL I DO WITH MY MONEY? or, VV Thonghts about Safe Investments. Of the Author. T. S. EARVEY, 12, Pall-mall east: for 24 stamps by ro Sold by Wpl ioutae and Co., Ivy-lane; and altboobelee, M ESSRS. WHITIZA,KRAnd CO-beg to ~Afite i. TtONAZ.WORKS. whichi5, ow ready for d rlstzkui. ex A ic ~TVELLE MORALI DI FEAXCS608S AVIL .1N21Nuova editione, diligentemente Comrttfl. in cii lit aonoo aeocmnta tllfttle Tocd; cChe cDotlerOne Vocabotaro-i unoaionLodn 'Whittakera COD.; Simpkin, 3l1arsball, e CO. ;otri,Ble-d fate. xO1=EG!q CLAISSILPI. Uniform with Ithe Gammar adso1 ClaIM -Jnatpblishe, inTho.. iiio4s &I, 4cur, . - F1EW ITA Li A N fDI c ONA. .Y. _Re nu Y ,i5 izr two YoB6 A NWDICTndNW. of theoTAIAauIdENG. -- LISH LAGAE:bsduo htof Maretti; And co Whittal-er and Co.. Dalau and Co. ; n other pOiCoS Ziasrxeady. thle li edition, corrected to the pcetlu ihXI Dound in roalL -ound adper othe use ofhr nanoh anldrpnt Eeet.oadaCsrrlontedb cSarUed byAXUIELt Author.of The yedition ao,uarticle ntdte ~thaT t arof Natral hzisbDitrolurdosndcamuhm. o oi~nd cn.'re Lcromaitna ad COD.; Hamiltnphdu . iipk Mand i and 3'. Itlvhngton: Houston and Stone.man;: H. G Bon;C.' 13Law anrC.: E S.HoTgEon; HITeORandCA.LHl and CLASSICAL WORcb.r.r plates, maps. e dogs.Is. ec. ennadin ran. 44thdrtron, lmo., pledi.,tiong lot- The tttker' anored Punnoea of iSalutor ofit Grese.a28 edition restma, clote Se. 6d,&rnlbon non To eaditonsuflhae wctorsa.e Wooenuine excpt tey a.,eth loe. o Weetayhtootaerglend C.. 2mar.deiia-lne. nd5 ElcmentayRistorofGr6eo. b8o..2d,dtobunt-. 1calaedtbyllistorL of1toAne. I8athin editionboandartele 6d. Theosiiewors,ousEehattrsechihedpbBabooMr. aynabthu uor Ah Kniey toitto. An aew edmitio, codapted and rPrivaed ;izselfr.S VlitalerandCo. U Ruatcod OD. AT. 3frlanrc.Gre;.. n Crreinton: HAnatned and Stonlaran; and thal angls Co.lx.- ENGLAND.a2 renl2o. Hitoy f rece lmo, hedtin,CoTIO. ARs. of th EnlistorSof -oWlInth zath eddition. clntIepao. mniCd.A Vuestions. GnrthuHastorttrie. yao.l. eiiary-ch. Vlovih Hsndtoerit of Lndia. Sen..oloth Dr. A emu.11f3o ,.Gra atsth ordofUniEenrsit Emllege. n JOohn d Oitenfeorlh.Cs. It i ticulainspecifyio ngcieut Grewc aTnd otn Sne editio n, sthr r clooth.r Thea rythelg Abthridgerad. cim. ahediio, tbound, o4h. a OvldsFati.WstNotsandnirdurion 2dew1iticn, tO. Cti, ELomndar HitoryokEngand13., lmu. d eito.n, oud. Se.t El Wntr isTory ofdRoe.AimoSLdAinG,AGnrdixinoth. Thesmewrk otD usdhtte Ge hief public xchosly, andob the ttra Sthde nti.erities and sin aledmrably I apted Patsc pstendel C-Morrected.Ifmended, andt Enlarge for ther Engishm ptudcrt- per S.cloth . rrrsofdoamey L~LUGEL's COMPLETE DICTIONrY ohe theL Fellig. GrmanMaste at he-Ryal Mlitay Acdemy ddooietor. andohetC. o LondnSchol; Dr. A Hlmaun piewo o:' Germa at th odon Hsivt College;ff end. JonOenol da.it tieny inspofyn the ItU newLndnedto, aaGr=Ss them prepaSedw oyther edition. bering the nme ofeFtgereteond oe.uk sdmc de srr thces othrsmle dend somewha t hes thcsougth both are mariods tditiotaic e thotthed ine the ol pefeog the aedilond editioned An Aridemen ci th Sam, fr Yonge Stdenth. Traallers.i bound.~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~am.t Londn. Wittlce. an Co. Duan ad(a.. andDNto e ado ThrAicHR'eDITIOM. 1. Adate forthehesAG. Wrtte exrel F.r tHeOEnARD Student. ByeDr. H. 0odo. Olni.I w at.Pr .egt Ndto, iowI. rean., cohPrtL.third edit ion, price . Is. Sm. AntSdriersBo of r.Episoes ndothe mieotho adoecptedh'ontheoc. ma, onAining aned sys,Ptemnos aclter-rteotuyofthw.ra Deelensioss,an rulep.Sm onthh.gender3s ofdsbtathves third edition o rIm.E loh HSe. Gd HO.;o,lit- n Hm 2. Aduaptedion. the FRev. NORte e-Xprsl c theE> Englihorc "TeEretStudent. BD.H .Oledrff. sixth end itibe , cotandina Treati__ ondth Gede Cof, Frnch e_Subetatv, and l anC diioa 3. date Vo te ItUNGan.-Witnw eressly porc tIes ncis cloth. ~ ~ ~ ~ FUNGS vt KEySIDETo tetaian FrTUnch, SaundGermaLu Sytems, prepaered byot. Autsthree. eefcebcltleerd rt sHEce.ry for thase ho dsetao, avai pothfemel,so h rs mehoOtILeSha thrsearethe onlyEgls dcaitions DE ithaed hyDe fITEnDorf INGDO dem faiy othe totrll AInedecinatfeet son strongl recommened byie Capcietuin resi Hall.ind oe mthermnn wrtiters.d-hy soul be or ipderend wihteCoi.ersnm n,t London, hittalcer MandCo., and Co.a ; andchete, Thorito behDimo anybCoo l di t herlliertao. BREADSorth AGE.TION or. W.hOretheSho Co., 5. Shoe-lane. Loedocn. eft Me ol. aeyo hct dowrov y third edition, pnlried S3. clot rPHISITINGEY ELIA]BILIS,YanddTSBeSLTS. VL Ah Serties of omaxl Episode 'inthe LIfetof uRcluse. Idfudno HWmltG. Adorins, and Co., P3Fernostrerto. Jetr CAR' EMN-hsipublished. nfp y.,coh o cs d.tethIs. eiyotionlof EaducFtion.e Albet,b the Rev. N JOnS IACBI)D Miuithor of The ESrnest Sdntudentand Endinbug,tnadIttbe od If aELto Adams and Cto.,and am PRetAndR Co. 31 tatinU in(beUIYitentxcofTeVINE FdUdlcLnd. F,:&.th SuggestionsWias the aremedyI.d.Byze b a WEt.-ThRe YEARo s th TRyerS ooE t presenOtTinuse Satnda Sand Otircy, puleishers, Con. Publihed orbfihtly pagoes o4ar, St..'D post free. ei-ln ~ e UNIE r K pGoa. fully ~IOsLyabed in Mr.valfred o. Wr authr. ondslist.ornmpb an Co.crdo Just published, priceotCce, the soilvay stations.~ ~ ~~~~1th Compete- -uatnblihrd Sc. bund,prieUn.itedst free,o BREAD QUESTIO~~~~n;o or,I Wore the Sho toLMIfED LIAveninAetouY emnain and SOCeET yeneCb erANITKTh day,maio t third scedsintio. elargd.pricet is. cd.,i-t THE LDI1TE3DYJOH LIBLITA l,ato ofthe LAwcof 92.G.`cuin= ndCo. St. aleet-te. DEL ENGLInH CFREMNC LIE: TUKSHrmnd tISdeiveredOtCrathiCuLrcY, fo t.1e ISiS beor tHer%y udestyt The wand fa-I Prn3albertef hbooe Reyh aOs this.D Mibonister 51 fe,and Son, Einlbeg andisLondileon.eyoeseigi.th =a nay.fom TRAIO oferlo the LrD'thsoSUPPer. tliht aiyalteor froe cMOthDERWiN h Psol I.C. FreBy pOst. ThUShoeIN,h ryrok A.At presentoineuseoutllSint-' Cheul,paArch,Ieldr,Sir C Vo V lannearm. OFpetbree oT, payable in, advnce.lg hco in tHE LIsooftER yARY. HRH A; eodo Lodn Umt,Eder. and Co., 65, CorohIll. GOr.DOV'a INTEREST TAHLES.-Secoud edition, 12oui., roan' pe SK. 6d. . TNTERET TABLS at FVE ve CEN'T., fromn Tablesgo3t5D~IMouttolIMotho.lear tci loywa; with Xowready. xrevied and re-arranged, new andl ceaper edfiticu, price 7s. Cd., AIYDEVOTION ; or, Prayers fr,imea on the Dsueccssose Chapters of ttelNrw Testament, designed, either for theoFamily or theo Closert and arranedfar Morning and Des-sing thoghouttheYcqr. BytheRes'.D. Ol.MA,?rpialCat ofCmdnDistrict, Cambserwrell. 3Bymwthe same Author, in Soap. 1oo., 'srits S., innrconthe Lord's Prayer.- London. Keby and Sgm 190. fCxford-strser.- lOoMD.. 5epages eXtra cloth. gilt eates., price Ce.. port free, mIHE BEFAUTY of H"3(4INESS,; a Collection of .1. upwards of ZOC Sublime. Reflective, and Sigrltuas Iasgs sdedoed for theIr practicablhlty fs-mm the HoySrptrs adarne for the dailly and occasona Us HfCeitasofy allpuxs Deenutto '!As a common-place b'.ro, a daily mnanual. and,.j or fac" a vaxle. mccnM,wOb1vcese1nnAtin tocqusi it. 7betypss islaRigC andthil ~tnerrsutsite in a-. uniuua degoee_-Cisri.tlan Writness.Iondon., ,NATIONAL SOCfOOL COPY-BOOES.-JOSt publaied, in 1o hem.' POSTER~~s PEN~T2d. chP- DE fo .kNaiordadoheSholsaanwrad.wtth Sree,ktc5 and ords prprirl fr th Puils. I~hiIeed tr.clu eujfttr b C. I La.ll. Eei-tret:W Apett, Ptcretr-'w udin h
SALES BY AUCTION. At the M1art This Diy.-Valualile neversionary Intereston Rre'~old Estattes in Leicestershire; a Mfortgage Debt of upwards of £1,003; and a, tgacy or Sum of £1,000. IV[t1ISSs NORTON HOGG4ART and TRIST ber~ it oitrmthe public tha0thabe -PROIEWIKtY will be offeri4 for SALE, at the Start, THIS DAY, at 1- o'clock, in one Ilot-62, Old Broad-otreet. Tong Castle, Shropsie XISSRS. CHRISTIE and ASOiN respectfulfly T [ give notice, that the estate having been disposed of. they have received instructions from tlie proprietor to SELL by AUUTLOX, at thle Castle; on Thursday. MYarch 27, and following days. the whole of thle valuable CONTE-NTS of TONG CASTLE, near Shifinal, cornprising the well-known extensive end importan aley of pitistres by Italian. Spanish, Firasish, and Dutch masters,all in the genuine state in which they here existed for a cenutrry in the castle: the furniture includecs cahinet. and coimmodes of sine old bula and ts'rtoiseshell chimnmey and pier glasses fine carvedI pier tables with nre marble slabs, a set of beauitiful ebony chairs, raid to have bel'onged to Itubens, the well-known. Duke of Kingston's punch bowl, charing room suites in the lianil(sonme andI massive style of the last century; also a few fine marbles and bronzes, a small library of books, and inumerous other effecr. ~Notice re-rpreting thevieowandissueofecatalogues willbe duay gives. Genuine foreign Cigars. old, well matured, and ofteerbstqliy 1VIjESSRS ROBINS will SELL b UTO,a tho Iffthe Ma on Tuesday. January 220,ed ray2tl,t1, *genuiine, old, FrolEIGN CIGARtS, Of Tecry supeirqaty noted to suit private buyers. OIn view oni mornings o ae n ape box opene for inspecting and tatn.Catalogusa h at n at3Messrs. Rtobins'offices, Piiaa Covet-garden. -Periodical Sale: estabslishedl half a century.-Contingent Reversion. ARG.E. SHUTTLEWORTH -will SELL by --- UCIO.at theMart.onFily February 1, atl12 obclock- a CONTINGENT REVERSION to 0. -FOURTH of £1,2052 Ss. d Three per Cent. Bank- Annuities andI £iO 1s. lId, sterling, together wnith the dividends accruing froml1553.life 26. against61land 70. Fur-ther 1,articirlars may be had of Messrs. Rymuer' Murray, and Rtymer, solicitors, 5,'iYh1t0hLZ; at the Swtar; and of Mr'. G. 1L.Shuttleworth, 32. Poultry. -No. 17. Great Cumberland-strect, Hyde-park. Now on view. _tV .HAKIGS wRilSELL byAUCTION, on the itPrendses, on Mafnday, January 21. at II for 1.2 pra5,seJy, the whole of t-he genuine HOUSEH OLD FURNITURE, capital bedding, large chimney andI console glasses, two bookcases, cottage piano. double-' barrel gun, Ornamental items, pictures, cat-glass, chins, and various efteote. CaLtaloguies may be hadonuthe premises; and at the rooms of the auctioneer. 53, Lisson-grove. Marytebesse. P'lant, Utensils, and Machinery of a D.Vehouse.-Crpplc'gate. MIESSRS. G. W. NV. MASON and SONS will SELL L tby AUCTIO N, on the Premispe, OD. 61. and 62, Milton-st,, Cri-p plegato,oriWednesday andTmursday, Feb.6and 7, at1, nlatot, thvain-_ able DYER's PLANT, including three steamc engines, cylindrical steam bleS. Jonst-cwsoodutopers,r cop ituerb , 60fetaV Coftcoger Pipe,oforte fitig of skening,Pete and dry ngromv,wood byordesedbrks of Dr. e Sfith- ordered to the Clrimea. 7iJR. T LNDALL wil SELL by A'UCTCION, on tlie L tPremises, Devonshire Lodlge, 26, Finchic-rad. St. John's-wood, on Taesday, Januar 2,a1prcsl,OUEOLD FURNITUREf tabare, sati, and ai-lth, prcsly, OccSioa,adetnigdnn Sothables, siddeboard, cnear.th wSouha plte-glass panels, cGineat aend dr SSin ls.eE, tpsRyN and Brsel harpet mahogany rbinstbedsteadan beding hesEectos of dra ers mabe to pawasets, tDiBELLby reUCIsites 0-ligtht gaemsmesee on, Moe.aOn viewsday, and mernesnay ofsae. Cataloue o2t9trhuss and-t.o may15 ath the St.U John's-woodks,t offtce. 5 Portan-Ernce FUnear , St.nohn eswodfCh pelat,lnn outhall boosdadpietse, nebarthSouch,three Stons, one theorse,0latdWsef meadow SSay, b Er ONd atnss hae eeiedstrogfi-a nhrls ndAumTIou, onther pemicses On Monday, Tuestday, bdro and Wdnesday. the 8th OfIs,sisa lOIt f Jnuar 186,uach day , seond2 da'clc mead towna,beig tnis-5str ong aelyfqar. eirabe-barmiron uResiden nd nueou BtER fis. OnsMonday, frto day, bedoo Andresin roo unture, lAute,ond plated articlnes. nTeday , secondat day. cdiwlyg abendedrawin roomSu,rnstur-e term, glss andx boosent Wd RESIENCy,Etird slay, l einenandbrewsinguateonsits nta-dolrgee-ticln Ma bed viuewe twhas befor sthesales, anod cataogues hooad satciosdineahno Mloors.eo and bouoien, auct,ioneersrg and esaire bgent chamberids Mid-e diseodlor. n h sa emWaatet:tedmsi fie Brueletmon-steet Furnitysuare,-Deo magbloen Foramiyesidene.n SSI7 .tOXEiinstructed t SELL by AUCTIOby ] cisely.Theunxpired theifrahoo rt tem Oxfaratexetnear tentFa3t1 tbeSIETHCS inY athis desrable pusituatiy.I cotain largeentrancen aUNdInn RErhls tw stauiwrcbase , go roomngr-oom, a pn e cnsar bdinn roomada. genth legcmpnistc6n two rdaoe%s drawingroom wsisthns todrng doorabls, garisbudi en uit, folut-ree lrgsearid, anirroay be hmerso hei Steondiloa,and the usal snervants'fu apartments the doxtre% onftces arPopeefreamullestab, lflshmentreand itrnclde. eahekth and lauNdr, and the rndea is saciouso sTablayiJnngat for see1hre,wih conach-ours andthroomsboer.o otheabov diredtioa low MessrsvAdad aentd aond theopurcaer wissllving a epsitio thebai renlewtdalno thuesefu Cleton thouua riterms.Thebe viewede 10ay rioert of the sale, betwee Theious. s. of 1 Sheo'loc,bfard s,ea whabihe.- Mi NN partclas mao b tobItaedLon apictontel ethcuctoner C atmbringe oremces, 1,rounthsret resxclence t modelrn furniue twx o magnificentfWe tou Caret Land RugNSS,TIanorts 30vt, o f C oks small quantity of wine, andtc numrcoous usfu aD. T rnamsestlBonsvelintueart, A ol,Vn deeeSS.RusalW. OX eN AiE6Ebr Hed sONr-Swirl SeLLr bp-y, oteTATaOd a t cptaei Roo ms,yP.I aLe,OfR.-sree, nhea Sthne Puan-y theon THISDAY, t 11 or 12punctally, the oexcellen modem stead, wi h be Sudin k.co mplee ardrobesdrcawtl Ferswssty.s des soAs, ROuces andes chaRs,NEo, caverd, ccaionl,ad istetiofdnin tabes peetaSLLb AndeClIOseda tdebGoards,nchimney-galassesbocase,o feThusdy, feetav 31, rsselsr diutto heaftonersmpaoforte of aeptabloffrrisptio ots ad by emnn aeshnva,e glntass ),o anena itms,por met:icE reqisies 100 voAe ofboks a ERall elart lpwine, in Port aond hryO anSumerous, naeffecs.tMaytea viewerdsonDthuatrsdaynd raUoomin o sat,undcatal, onusisigofb ms sbtnLrld.1kul mlig tof,bc fightantofa Boobnder,tuefudinttirngs adfixtures, ond therb rdetc paloareynsuss,35 Vlltors-strc ar ter-and. er,ttn DUTTICK and SIMPSON will SEL byciu caUC-re on accounto the, number.-of lots, byM diretonofMEsas dard arid ee Jones whSare dissovingSt Thoartntershi, thewell-selected%aud useful preessa, Jasnguary s, gas stoves,i ltoaters,nooxls prollsipaley, sandec the usual aprondiianes ofab thenrares arid fiihere wro rkedulshos, mill-h Cope's earmin apreswthableofe, shumberu maexpensive gareatning pates cAe oLLc desat maost convemientfixtures, gedasitngs do,irMay b v3 iewedeon reondag rDeln oe,wtthofcs ade. anuctioet ersbi~nd catalogue,sithade on the Eplanade, faclidno theea Collbeiong No.f0 Glctuer-ThowgeninMelPropbert ofthe late Geor.'e h Twei.Esqes ofe helfdrdyneasefr thebreidue ofa-Bry o MA 71 yandsC, atm thenRed Lon Hnfomthel, Ptt-cury,o C4amrcdg, (r sbemoetfo th epvilla cmresdnce, atndhthforde for thesec continst o sale, toodtheda r,oms atuthe Lraiong H oote, ontuosbal,Jnu aicery2 da,lai2 puctaly breakfstrool.bm, btlerniers,senth boaenturoo Pettaers.:Anl,~ =androone er, an tuedacL go kitcens, captbert -Ieuk, Sier Ptr, andIca ethorers; osts and a caial workbt .R e,R~herneitad StenoaoQuary Iurthaed byao the latse, Me.tening tom the stextbhibitio ofe sthbesfoya tcademy andes awfew ccihoice endagravings,ro amngslotswic avre-The aftIe1r SheldsIusdicing Grbulns, blrydWile antd Dienihy: land4 ARREN OM and TURNE have receivedl instr uctionfons lim vsto SELL by AUCTION, at the Goldn Lion Thote,sIayi, oan.4 athursda,Jnur tw 3lt, at 2 a for Sinth of FREEHOLDiImaAND sicaerti ab foitaeri previot insie byoa ato elscon to ract),on mortanfet FoEn whOLDae w coEttaR[sE Ptable, Y atd Ipdewiuhe situ n the ceqountyo Surold, mileadvahageuly frottu satea orearsbth astelro and rtiwaom-Ue frminithon consst ydnSainding ofaiStsbtoantillyerstek-dant maotngoffie pr10 quarouters te with thre tearsh to chamerspt over. fneetr two ofw wihichkngt bradmiably covetd inor working floors, arid therebyr office, iqupoarters seep; ad maltaters cotagevtospacdiEousuoapwre theobk ewdinofts thmer,d,Te prpryis nlo,lrearpl the bridgel. wit partiulars, and- conditon of saehlem bead L a ttha ucti onlrl MLapt,ead tuildnges Ipawiclinc, th1gerb, dpedobicm such conditin asl shalldbeythena eaWilanthmL p i-rtdedeulessinthe Pall-ruall.-Coliection of Picturee, chuilay Enligsh, jJSSRS. FOSTEIR aud SON~ will, bv direction of the W91ce f XBlre,SlE:LL b4AU(12IO,, at the gallery, rsall ~ ~ Uldfllrngda,atlpredeeiy, a COLLCTiON f moden PITJt3 includin'g the-works of , Gee Stirfeld Shiley S. WOilmer: - Coraptom-- Idillats ~ I. Wood Galnebord -.'--.Redgera I Shayer Pltchett othwdl Constable..- !.ab'rewed two slayasrior nd tatsiu~haofM Ts t adBlyth, 1O, St, ofhns-ae W. BeIl, Esq.-edficial Pall-madl,-rExellesst modern lO rihPctures. ~SSRS. FOSTER -and S-99:rll~ LL-b ME,.AIJCTfOX at the? qAUtlyr.- 54, lal-mma m Wednesdlay. Jan- r,-d Lrf0WlOwhrgAt13 is 1 each day. a CLLECTIONMof al raeral Wn gaats giea -meo the quality of the 750(Irks. vt3ly~ obtained direct frorthue studios of th o painless, mlsiltdas:' many raPidly rising iu Pleblic esteem, and, amongst Othuerd exams-tes of I ~I~1 ..- Sir. Ii P4rFstlalke P P.A. .loe A.R.A. F.W. Toishrirz R.egav,RA§ JLanl- J. ilanlay W.F.FI Tr ,A. J.Holland G. C-haubers.-- W. Collins, B.A. W . 1Rayight J. Wilson - - _ P.P.Poole, A.RA. G. Sith A. M0ontague. A. 1, Egg, AX-AA. J. Philip IV. Hemsley. W. Etty, Rt.A.- A. Clint C. Baxter.. On view two days prior,and W4tlogaes had atMesaml,Foster's offices, 54, Pallimall. Guildford-street, Ruseisus,.eacodpiaeResidenc; hold lYM ESSRS. FOSE n O r ieted to SELL JV byATJnOIO tthMatonTesday, Feb.132, at I2, the LEA F, of No. 68 4ldodsret u * ltt%s ;Smit,Bat £1O pex aunnu,adheffr35yas t£ pranm ieisant excellent cnoe o rfsinlmn h rsn occupierisayearlytent.Mbviwdnybpemsonfth tenant, and partic! rhdtteMr;o .GSrst a. oi citor U2 Gray's-inn-qsar;Msr.MedanStnig ocir, Crido lac-peanNrh-ietCesa 1IIrESSRS. FOYan R and O are directed under £V.an Order of the Court of Chancerv to SEL byAVc&1oYrr the MartNn Tuesday. February 12, intwo~lotsFOUR equal unrdittied ISTNTH PARTS orliHAlES inacpil }m CEnP. M11SES, No. 6, Cadogan-place -let on lease at £125. and held for2& rears and alualf. at £19 5& per annum. LOU2. Five equal uardis-idcd NVinth rarst or Shares in Two LeaseholdHoRs N3os. 10 and 21, Northstreet, Sloane-street, near Enightsbridge, let at £5, sod beldfor 15 years, at a ground rent of LS 2s. Particulars 1U days l-rre the salei of Messrs.-lfeck and Metcalfe, solicitors. 44,33edford-row; r,t the Mtart; and of Messrs. Pester and Son, 64, Pall-mall. l3romptore.-Two nearly niew Houses, in Yeoman's-;terrace, the ~turnin eopposite Bromopton-squar -e,lud for about 71 years nt £;3 and C ground rents. '1TESSRS. FOSTER andi SON will SELL by AUCj TTA ION, at the Mnrt, on Tuesday, Feb. 12, at 1ll, in two lots, a LEASEHOLD PRtOPERTY, consisting of two neat brick-built Choules, teachot3ainingI seveuroms-Anod was-house, with yrdnod enlseIOre-cout, ehorecte aoutv yebars ago, andlt It £50 perl MAnnum,Sofrin ooDsml piinvstens MayG-H heF vinwe gl sand l- ticuasha, an nadnays priot thein sale4, at the Martatthsie ofGhrapes, Poble-huse.thecorer o eman'-ro;io Geore Hocpaions osf. soliito, 1, Rgen-steet;an, ofMesrs.Foser, 5or Pall-ulL1 Se Charauales-strexteMnehsiversCollee.o go ObdiT ofehld Iand'erst.ofi IESSRS. FOSTER and SON arwirete t SELLbyAH byAUCTIO. at the Galorc, altml, on TusdyoFbuay ay 51, an excel lent ivefSEollodIgdayi, tle=DWELitGhoutrse,rinbydirsubtaontihe andcuoMamhenlvlepry choie ugo. on thf rnSEVRES,~ oDresdes-. Vieeta, Mandchrental'-sHuar. baryeonzes, ewin ithy emoccuationso Thraudinawbanos aq, a tcintc 7se plae,reannum, h=rold foratbout 31oars,! at arl grousnd rentbof , gclpuina.h housned glass threec rooms onadoor well itaqutex ith water-lsets, eriso ery sbtantial and cormfortablmeublsi conallinhs ald the raedolni,da cleton oeuifdb piatuirys, respectabiety.o Maybjeto vniewedty pndermissiony theletenaiiint.Carsto viewandbyt larteBeechamoandStwonesorlctitors Henkburst,steant. ooualer iTg securedte aund exensvan olestern. Of bethe mofAt and Veetu cofnl s Cl.aoues late prpr. ing,amos frtestd0erthsemStntswelaper M E SSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL byAUCT!ION, at the Gallery, 54, Pall-mniallo Monday, Feb.12 adFieb.2a folloingedys, the Cash day, N wtout reserE.bdIreetOnU the Exctors, the vroery cofe collecitiongofraed Smaeur, Dhrlesdn 3iennaFs,and OrientalCHnA. Birmnreghacarvingsding tvhry gears cameo inandtietgs anicientecasdplt, byW utfromquet eancurious raeclrs,Exhek dgmet,eodtase,land hok nuFbe bear inc ecued te cnfidnceand,estem o th modeminet on, mnegs scum. ataloues ae prepring,and frtherD.crtcsimentsL wil happat higesttemsafcloybyaler-colusldra g ofteihetcas rozby AJCeON atthe Galler 64Pllml Fe. 7 at 1 rreisly,tedChLTONf desn DReAWINGS, the property o tn d: igWsle mtur hre ingorandtir Coricetr by W. ILHunbet, fotteBaxAtPssEi bitioa,. 185;ur ther workl.uas bytesma eietatstdan n D. acio, 1.A Veice an Tiethwo rmSaktespae yCat o thEWelSid,RyS.. F POolE, aud A; abou d0rexampes oy the, bes peiodi of thtren~owndedslandsae nainter Da-rudCox Theseuraolwing icldeosm o te emsofth BRna olcin aDU nd have ofeen, gestnerally puchasaed, asr the bestingroom,b twohrks of thed difrents artofists, Thedaisoedvinwwillby esrnnouned, adDer hecla andintges thserPael- latal-ngplas itudwres. esnl rnes FUSSRS. FOSTER and SON wlleSeLLftby accuaiL,thepubat the alry s al-al iRv nT the last whee acin aendiay, ac furethedfr bPO rTiONecntat 0n of the gutyrlbtdCLETound ofs attracterdlsomusehi athenteenatthe Bkeaud orsfPrs the Appn f roachue toVeie, byr th 8 elate J at W. Tundrnert..a oksoe of iM35.e nnm tex- uigheost tems ofeuoybM. addi sklnd,fo the indil an one r othe Cors. l.isbopayale muhepmiedbyldis eslitae in thiLfe ofther airtist-f the Golde nt Age by Wd atty. at,Aon Mor in baiy an Coopr. tAereMuler,ino Benningatounlimi;tals aextsento scene, ancharming texrample o Pilassban Frther priuasandteantrom days ofhvew wilt be announced,lo. illno-atreanuetr ouns ssqr,The vaua-bleEfet helt for 0 hoses,thre Hoe, Thu staedhwaytor moeq TheSdSai ofOSthe andIgoud SON perfe dircebh sewrmcrnribytreatert SELL byfod aCtI, ontePemssn7 Wilross-treet park,under-stuhe. ornamondayl aes3ndfu olw most Hmodern-character,Th forthe diigroom. two lirre,bdros bydeotfices furnishe ind 1853e byt esrs.aRgersadDa;tecla ofraboutr3,00 bottlesoft epensivchewie, fofme aoutf hiegot colnfiiigs; The servuces of pabote andpres. wore,1 pesnatl shrunbes aledai of newdsubaegarrdetgbParticul guns, riflMes,r pisolse, Mandrvold,Son.ad ylarreaford,Bakerandr,ot the olnibsrary of abdout1,0 voes,i ~Faqsterandern,. wearllustate ols iiay rwnsb rad Noiere, olourPbxes,ran ma themaiheticalastrmns, lcs ra menS,Scam FOuSpTER large StONeo vrer tinecigard motl pur-; c ase ten ] cGaliry ct abinets chinaabletervicses, ctgas lamps,_ TablofIta and beDlnn, tchnviwthe dayURS, pror.e b Caaloguiestaolre UppeordTulse-l,AeGonthio-Rsi,Bdiene,ino thp xeuoslfahlt snr grunsad Jamocs; hfleeld Eso. 73 1jEssRs. FOSTER an~d soN epcflyaqa may be traefor by privlate ohntractke ssin, ftegrndes ealfi thfoduue. sping the GRegeNt'-ak LEidoAheGonsfranEe pirouds,erdeofs7 yars, at ronl rn c18is,pr num x posss,s,diona. bl, The man l ffcsion the hostaeiteurcclo then ;ark. notios amivaiU e gienofthedatis. ofo salfaell. n o h cetuotoftan almosbytunimieted ewtent ofy soehaaty,icuigte gi isratispar(iu voestibuleandumad saidcasie.thih anwd.Tashe3 trnwo- _JRbe PromannineaP drsing SoLs bat room,TIONro, andhi gsunrmco ofomestico convenirene, Thedesbasemed nstwilant,-at fore10hosesy, supriorg boxITUEs, ofdsmoderngfndormorath.v1 carragtes, sewercarde, bythe lte Mr Ho~rd, a an epens of aout £,000 byeamall gates-lat andlde wiathdcarriagemsroad Jwinding through.th shuberes ILaLofIPSrtcocde formed oy nolUCTOrN tha columns. h greaounds, of IaboustItares, on- pleantesdaywithe shrus bete by peviergren, a nalSEVC haveubenul aid outrihampentalkow lerdge excelandsclapegad we, Partenrlots of Mxenssves jowdejr May bnjrdteSon. seea-addLassinr shetos, wi7, Colveman-street;tandao Mans. fostertande Sopn.d6, all-mall. es odmw bo n and catal Pictresufsththigesthlas. PHILLIP. F STEs andsOtr reu reteddt SL ty SELL; atIthe Gat hisre54 Palmal oonse tafd-tereste, oTusayCOI.LEC bstt,tlpeiey,aOLETION of Itla n uc ICTURES, formed by an eietcl almtetr, andrompriesingvwrklshos of th ratcest art,rtand Other mccost distigused matersof te Duth an Flainesh soof areh repro-~ the pansh nd talin mstes; he woleforingaudcolletsn o grea vaue nd terst,Thedaysof is nd aitew, ith details.o tipper Tiut-steet.h GothillRsidnce plaed, inwkseveCntarestofrple-I -sur grundsandpaddcksahed fothrs7. er, t£0pranm In FakrSpc. AlbionT andery HmsOtea-readirected bytick EDWuorAfRhDlt Jh LU ke,EsY * wioSELL byAUCI'ON ealyInMth sprng the GromiseI)h LASEiof TUISEHII. Haita-oUSE, wit oMfices, conserv,at1 ory1 thotan exelen hOuss,LodGe pS containings by barresoach, 12 capiar origd tn andaCW lailTm!s, yas tionuss,offc SElttufs.irn epstory, fitngs abU of ta-hue, andh a vtcietyofeffeels, Maybeviewed, wand caaoushdotermss Vof a3.11 e Childl, HFuq, soiitor.e 19. Grnhon-atrest, of Frei.ay - ac.~~~m- o Mdle1 on WensAy JaIn., atl fhec M upart,o rds oFe 15 and12eenond-h,,% HiAndonItr1'eetsuie,by n Bro .arwoo h Cf and- Gother aeminentamakers toeherps ~[ peRrrd &cnum .Toehe rertwith h.ld forims thne remsidue oz tas, oflue, and yar (uantity of rnted us en h nesoko Mess.Benlnsett and Co,ofBigtn Remoed forh convenience ofsale. Mta e vieed th day rior nd mo In of6 ado, whene cta- In Chancery.-' GoghT. Hunting,' 11H%mtangT.. Googk."-To- :23nNo forteandCabi3netmaltesiP opatetoiso! Saw-mills, andi othem-,Tbe. v,aauablerPatentEight foreuittinglinia.euofsiwwin ) Veneers,,there. 1yfuilly4oble the auor of-~venome oU an-48a4sIa-a h tained arnm the los-thia aweobtained-lroradhoazatof tha,s& together sithallthePastct 116chiaer= is -temlrvne.Boider~ Gearforxaxlngthuaame.wasaotheLeaaof prens~ MSSAS PRICE nd IK0 inthe Mingsland*roadoee Thmdas, Pcb,-Za7 l-o1 for stevast fo,osaat longtertm. af aoer times, alike -Alth Cenm andsuni-yeffatd prodwhtio mays foe te -:-eauf exedt&e,o h oertin web~-r3io-ateA. ~ i ort te ime, andacnserbylscs;tothrwlLtO pHe aVe.ans ank1roerwrsemenieadbie,pthnl-h engi Jne-h2us andt 0 waeoss ofUnTTng-ose,adacptldsdag h0goess, thasheld fops a lc. gberviwe, aa deratrsl. tth dogcatadhaess, ansndRefetaCimwolnybdnTf daAUCoTIONhsat G ahen-she mahnewiTlbJpnuaoperatio lxal, bYdetweentheAdhourstot' 1 ian c3,tan t= eb Hbsamtialtond solicitor,20 ings-roD,NC eing~P '5,24.ltrd 'Westbonn- -road, reoentlus.in tw,fd _n_Ee solcenr,. JHn-tsee edor-rw ofupaton o tlCniis Cand ~ Thand oiioe svote-ne.ye ttel of sahe eunesss Pee and mark, aurtiofes 483, 6lsery~annu, Hender,~ teaWeler' Baboupt 95yeamata groundeen.t of _in erd ajjj, Cloarwik- andt "gent-srec Jnueter, a ndaray, and oere. s 1%rSSRS. PRICE and CLARK w%il SELL' -b~ WAU(yyION. onthearemises,'rby.irecia Gotpu-treF*anet,on da1yC, Jan 11krabot. 700 grossay, XauarOr 20,a gLs ela DfnstW_esaU 70gOss wtassebops,&. siy bteveed and catao 9Liloge-ste, bice squa.hoe' 'op n.acoDforebl-oue 24sdee, aLikeeltle feojyr tr's, nmcP. oc , Nio. _v,,l Sob,Lnath Husi b V , ReGrm a lo-qar.Cel,nre wesholene-gatrental Tnrodw-iRboadrentl in) thcuaino t3l-edo ceaed ad f te stmaed vaueof£lPerannuxn. Hel-l-frig,3 ndgemtsor eabworoutgteers,aatrmoudem,rent o £ per -u4O 17. aruik-st~ ~tculraehad soficthomas, 9 Coleand treti. sitnr aPLamssa rice and Clarles fie, 48, Cbanceryhd a lmw~~and f .e~ Ave yobeitas rallehllvama t, close nShsspy-sss 3JfssR.s: PRI on CAK WMllSSELLj ATT( AUV.k IOON, at Gsaa',oTudy,Janu22, atill9 for l.-l'p orderofth Morsrdrpoeome,0.ctgage%EtOfl)r istmet, riecadmy -~Kngsteet Sin -ofactry4 reqirng pc n golgt hewoeo Ieetnt. Tale oenfc13 perannm ofthe pYremises, extnyibe-ee Sonk c's,T nf Yandepacticlrs hand Boot aenrs ShyoreandlSo, soiitritoran ho. moi- 1jiITSSRS. PRICE undI CLARK wi SELL- bv bC Welle, a bnkut,e onm Tu sabv,nWdesday, Jann3, 1 a 2 aDWLIIIdt 1to5ovTEgday.t3ahor.si2ae anhdabeingeNof2,thseA-strneet, Litot, - poo;and the BO ouSe anSOES,I edTozn-squarer, 2 Clrkowell.10r whole let at rloenical podusinpers,ou £230ago pereannus. Held. vItesol and agreementbsfsr leacous iofronperm, 0carpt mbeage rentd rtoc.-May be viewedbproinf the taeno ndaontngso Palte.ilarnd cotZ lo-eand o Fh reeman, o Msslctrs,3. Cotaley nonmsst jg ;MdatMeasr.Pacemand CtrLe'soflieJo4, hansoery-lane,fc -1 ZZos i w _~~~~~~~_ _ lc £YJ ACTI~ t arrwa's onLusdy, SAn 2. t 12 for thl orMnder unhed'er,anAdgnmith,the oseTG ;ofikesoi goag-!4tm v dsivrabtleLEhaEHL-I)raceltsLfdiamondandgewith eosmntndin mshopaud-premse sal delghtull ituate, didh beng tnoar. Ml,PerIiy oppoites thlue Grfeen. aeld teosrveatrmm ond 21etleafrom,5 at el rises ndao £220r,j annum.% T rhop dlsics elicfeer - fraes Cirt jg,Jlwe-smd,an re uismay beon vitem-,,.pa fnpiorte and o H. -c. taoegrnd Vn, Bee., slttr b . l3s Ptd batroeT, LeadiYlly P.-Absobmtor Esqr, 3soclctrsburi; onutbnnlq bidines, Chdatneery-dnne;of eK C.ldwardstreet. ficital asilio 1r,O, Sambrook-court,laanH0129-st1eeU; 'aandltMesr, Pallfres andl CinTk2 BeLI WELter's U ON onnrnp the~o 18, ItapuNo.ree, tear-street.. The o benefyiciat Lease.o the Prem2ifer, euxtensvtrk &1ilTrd of &ieit neatherfaclmordne Bom ndSoder HUEO)URIRFurnitre andFEC iT& T gNTIN uson the Premise, asohe abredsonteadn,esather. bed , an, foloin day, atn drersi12 tbeasa, byorbler of n th thieeor a, 121doe chairabof BOOTSendags,OS 100ne doasen, Buselvcs,2 dlorand eolouar xoworodcs, 100 dozengcarpedslpprs,t28baes,o shoer nagail,n eat. ivst.s -iandersdoen bramed1 coilts ofnode 50e tbag 4s, aindo m5:tallns sa stock.eaythiestedaud,poiuayprnoiosdmgrin of s0~:daale, ndeat... laius hd ont the premses; of Gamweser.Bls,e and ofob.W u1erz tsoneetri s3)vCorleand-strte gmt;o -01 P.Clron s. cTdol asgne 20n BUainoeha'Colm-aet ndo the Bir.u-ictin,, hani,Sree-emlane. __0 ion11 eadmenta,lsret ftOBT.DW. FULLER reSpEctfLlby toCTIONr (YT -at th publec tHeatdh LEASE o?tchax,ey aoneTueEsdaySeSt hr, bn,r 220at f) OTb Pin woIa te o a timbr 8, bColma-street, an, 17. -E HOI- DO.BLECOTAG, Lenhl-thvet.-edorkoot aJew user adsalbeer -bovia,tlz Pianofortestle vm , Furag~ ni oturi,dandEf situatea, ,j bridenusesha, possessingBan,frontaedf o5ft,Wmg adeth1of 6l, ordrci sanverabttieng chains,e braceles diamond and gem ringse, sbxs.er,,al1 -bases silearl sugat and cake bAlsket, tea eruiptages,tpesstrIo myegto Houstnd-os, wialote, spoons, aie ntirae ish,nd tanard.nr Fthae in brt anrtieles FiLncluda frontaeeofand fteasbyi arn andh ketles set of lentrE dnishesandWconers,atce pail, amonitr,cndleticks,ranniuom ,n'lausie fraeve,b Claret oug,fLower-estandvtet, and paruultlekitemu laro iB. condtaviansoforte, obainde6-octveegran pianoforthe,b Attro rfwUKd r,oseod" ob vietceywae, odontheda prenciusly.n Cataloguesml ay b haodon;ofT MenEssm, soictvor. Bawtell, auckLightboot; son thcr 2%g miss;and aot. MfAUooddardw's ofilMessrsCoele'ma-Sweet, ity. zmJe Croydon, sUio S -emst'os-lhold Fumbrnisturee, Pianofote ansd o auctionm 101, Ughlsteot s Effectn. -)OTo.oWp r-ltanLEi hasr x-eclnemaedointhrctos.t ArL . SeL byrUClON, , Don mthPrmss oC,srste-.Co do, n onay Wz neat. dan.2,Feb12 or, at undeyracrlloftShe,) ctbM eireetngfrningost-, resench. 3 and oterbeSteads,ofe-tacthebd lanmbdw dinisnhoanydresig tbls, arbe-op ndothoeer,.",.r-s-ng Jewe wthlSaurd yprevioStc annofrai ofsale, and er tloue~ Si S n h RemSes atbG andwas IandofItob WM SELLer 1),u" eseA urveyOr,an esate ageinton' 101, . 1, th on-street. CrTdo. - deceasrdero the rmastegi'RT of the BiS,Tndera.dcrnsinsthisg clusted atd thXieg'toHeadiInn, miutchawith Surrey.an turbesda nmert. ,7aicld~ DOUBLECOEIA(Z wit tiledroof ow usdiasmaoeersho,-,,. wit forcout, kitle roud, assge.andoutuidings,dsiat atd I'hoirjs,a brnidg oue. dthold, p estsainganfofnrtaeso 0f.b dpho i£ aindoabttig uonr therver an, Gu i~lt*lsSto Mrg Candler,bli:wer.a Thelyearl rentofcip5edes, hrestw ofbriMebittalandtile Apreehold% Houss ihotbidn, Asid panranesofd getmar,dens, sitaeji h Smith R3R and othdus r-ptrenasaountig o3 p"ErT aicudngs t. E; vieedb prmisio o th repeltr tnans and artesln-, tij Botis, CancrAy- lane,bonrdon thretprinciplinn inablte ao,ur aois,a Coydo,rn; of cabun.Fuvoye sQartel Vandi; Ligrlytfoow besliticais =l k'isng, solictorstCe ment'slae. Lhodambard-setree, talonon ahnd ot1h- cherbsowen MAYb vieweda tend prorcataloguesh ndd.i l,eI mess n Coflteaction oRauees, b tlhenn enr. dlermstr VTo h JaeniStele A,Drigtntre. deBSrookD Tne'smare ll on Monday.dJan ary2,at2fo] thsdelSTOCK aD. lVilldeEN In SAE-orcpe-lt pebug robesbreimaT.ograpW. dEitt, rollers lot Noflfurniture, ttiegs,and effct. ayb dwe morning O.. sure' Cnatalgus oate prefmiss and t te actoeer'ms omies,ii. tory-lane. ~ ~ ~ ~ wi Wy ISnt 0.- Maratt Terub 'n-- Gru T anXycc -P.ees C B3erghem murllo Guido bso i Orsiev-ew Catalogues as abore. NM,3. Money advanced on so.-.y do.i ceziption of Prqetforpositiv-e ile, fl-imtur~A)Ae, p]a' r linen 4:c, and=blanepid day aiter alMI& ~ ~ fo TO Failes Furnisbhirg.-The superior Furniitureof a mi-smC-- - House. new within 12mnonths, andwnithout resrne. ~JEIZOD wfll SELL byAUCTIQ2i, at the n- .January 18. at 2rcsl,(on maccut of t-he n1umber of 1,j ha FURtNITURE, Mgthe4roo1s, comprisin f our Arabian, -1. l-zead with damas furnitures, hair and wool mattresses, prime L'al sI blanketa, quilts. cheval and drcainog glasses, double and stog, wxsL,-& bandstanids with marble slabs, two superior singed wardrobes, throt-chests of drawers, besdtside carpets and rugs fender and dre-imor- flOSs Tery superior furniture of the. dxawing rooma ceomprise three osS velvet pile and onelarge Turkey carpet, with rugsa, nvery: LnetOneL. Ccottuge tanoforte, therish zcloeirauey-slussE4s,-a srte in w-xints-ref, complein 18chais, wo cuchs, ls, ard,andother tablest, tvoalr -ihcutin-an h diigorfestr c rompias wovn s May be vi requstsda eiwdth onn fsl.aC catalogues had a;tepaeooae n ftoacine,PnO~
