DEATHS. On the 11th of December. at Secunderabad. Mary Xedbury, the beloved wife of J. Hichcs, Esq., SurminMadrasArmy, and eldest dLaughter of the late Henry Parkin. Eq.. LM.D., F.R.U.S., and fn. specter of Hfospitals and Fleets. On the 23th ot December, 1S5, ROBe Ledwivb, of Ascot Pen, Jamaica. On the 17th nIt., at Channouth, Dorset, Mru& *nn Rivett, wifo of Hemry H. Norris, F.&q..-aud daughterof the late acev. Rivett Shepard, reitor of Thwmite, Suffolk. deeply lamented by all who knew her. Ou the bd nlt., at his residence. No. 1^. DUpper Glocester-ft , De3et-lunare. Captain Christopher Abbott .P.5lf3M.,aged 79. deeply lamentesby his family vnd friendis. A refrence to " Hart's Mlitary BiOgeanhical Dictionar" whill shoy the deecnsed to have shared in Tnore gBaeral actiEns. and engagements of various kinds. both by sea nnd land, thanusually falls to the lot of an individul. fFrom farch On11. to the er.t termination of the French war in 1Sl4, ueas^ the pfl,ye iof oentinueda course of active servie in al qu rters ot the globe. IHe received the army and eaval medals and lie clasps. aud ephen timxs ParticPated with his brethren of b.th setvices in tA thanksuof his tchetr, voted by the Houses of Pariament, for dintinug^hed servics - Op the 23w ilt, v.t Birmingham, Esther, vife of M Sr. Richard Hutton Slae. mi the S, year of her age. On the 2Gth ult., in the Sth,yearof her age., Mary, relict ofthe 3t Thor. axleri Fq., of heringdon, respected and beloved by large crce cf family and friends. On Senday, th ult, tilt. at CheltenhaML, afttrh a short ilnesr , the te,. John Kud, eiteron, havingneaorlyomuleted his 7th yeart On the ^2th nlt.. at is residene, I, Cit-terce City-rod atter an Oineth of only 3 fte days, Dr. Bobert aills, second son of th late Joseph Hlls, Stq.,.of Saiseoy,i , Ke nt. o r On Sunday, the 27th uC., Ho Queeu.trecm Hroinetoy, rlTarhot Sophia. k ife ef Mr. John Saudeean. usma. ?r.t ^a d . care Mqarets, and daughter of the late Ma r. Lewiis fomaly T ucker, of C.ibraltar. On the 2.ith ilt., at Croydon, Surrey, Mary,h ido rof theintoMr. r,ichar P'r.ddy. m her 73d year. On the ^th uit., atE2, Monta-ue Vwilasd Richmond-hill, Surrey, Llea, the infant slaughterof .Mfr. Wdliaant i31oroy l)oubleday, aged 6 months. On the 2^th ult., at no. 2, MilWman-street, Bedord-row. afenr eorote Smith soerlytor, aged 34, On the 28th lt., at itchani . 5fr3. 1ary Allen, relict of the intc Mr. John hllen. Sutton, Surrey, in the 7Gth ycarof her e On the 2Sth ult,, at the Heorse and Groom, HEaciney, MEr. Thomas Eloedkifh Buroisl a JedO. On the ,28th tilt., at Barmntaplec Devon, gor' e st,F lhaml Manaclr Wq., eecwdenw nof the late Charles JoarVaci, inq., formerly oE Carerh sham Park, Oefontihice, aged 64 On the ^9th ult., at Silisbury, atEthe house o ofhernthermenL v John acamr rt. 1 oq.. M laria An.e, widow of the Into Heny Iarnert Es-.l. age,d d1. Rh.}S On the ^9th ult., at his residence, 3, WoestCournefterraeeroad, a£ter a hingernn- ine6ss Lieut.-Calouel Henry Hoghton Irs:ing, Into of the 0tIh Foot, ande formerly of the 4th ling's Owrn. agt 59 On the ^9th uit., at his residence, aged es1 SatLair. oenry Byl3c-an isn., in his flst year. On the 30th unt.. ath. NeWingto.,pat2e, Khetingron, Eliyabetu the leloved wilfe of lliiam T. lit. junn, Esq., aged 32. On h ednesday, the 11th utt. Elizabeth Auuta, infant daughter of the Bev, Hlenry le.attie, ML.A, of the London OrPhan Aslum. On the 20th tilt., at 2omona-pel-sce KiStroad, Fueihatmn Mxs, Marth Oni weird of tfheh intoa r. Johhn Kermight, in the Suth year of her age. On the 30th ult,. William Wright, raq., chief clerk of enoinments in Chancery, in his 69th ye.ar. On the 3Cth tudt.. tr. Frank CarOte. of Jack's Coffeehouse, Old Corn Exchange, 3Iark-lane, n h es latelyeai. u On the 30th ilt.. John Snith. agred 1. at Iady E. Ponsenh_s apartents. HIat.pton Court Palace. an attached servant, who lived 28 years in her fauiily. On Wednesday. the 30th tilt., at 23, Chester-square, Evelyn Harriet, the infant daughter of Win. BrOdaick, Faq. 70thv year ef his age, Mr. John K<emp ptlaete Tivde Sureonrn of ther On the 31st nIt., in the Albien-read, Stoke .Neevinglon,in her 74th year, Antoinette, vridowv of the Into) Lewis B^ruand, 3E q. Onth Istlt. in the 01lgeeanru-rad, Thomas Jarvi., Faq., late of
O I,. OF E TM. X -I ~OPENING OF PAALAAMENT. The Queen went yesterday in state to open Parliament. Tnough an annually recurring ceremony, with aU the precedents which Garter King at Arns and the Heralds' College enjoin scrupulously observed, the progress of events is always introducing some element of novelty intothe interest with which these ceremonials are regarded. Even supposing that the country during the recess had been permitted to hold calmly and 'prosperously the " even tenour of its way," in the life of a nation an occesion of the kind claims as much comparative attention as do the common anniversaries of individual life which we all moro or less respect. It is not surprising, therefore, that even in the most ordinary times, when there are no unusual signs in the political firmament, the opening of Parliament should never fail to excite a vast amount of public interest, that this huge metropolis should still year after year turn out into the streets its myriads of inhabitants to gaze at a pageant always full of high significance. But, if it be so in the usual course of events, how much more strongly does the tide of feeling flow -when great issues in the world'shistory are pending, and when the welfare of the nation is deeply involved in ther! Thlis has been conspicuously the ease of late. It was so in 1854, when Her MIajesty summloned her faithful Lords and Commons to tel them that the European peace of nearly half a century's duration was at an end. It was so again at the end of the same year; and it was still more the case yesterday, when the star of peace promises to return. The deadly contest in which we have been engaged, whatever injury it mav have inflicted on the nation, has not in the slightest degree dininished the customary pomp with which a new session of the Legislature is inaugurated by the Sovereign. The sleek bay horses in the State coach do not appear to have had one feed of corn the less on account of our war expenditture, and the burly, redfaced coachman, has evidently been inthe full enjoymentof hisusual liberal rations. Notwithstanding the coldness of the weather, the inhabitants of London flocked in multitudes to wvitness the accustomed spectacle, and to admire, as they are never tired of doing, that wonderful specimen of carriage-buildin in vwhich on these occasions their beloved Queen is conveyed to the Palace at Westminster. They greeted Her Majesty with most loyal and affectionate cheers along the whole of her route, till, amtid a flourish of trumpets and the thunders of a Royal salute from the Park guns, she disappeared beneath the grand archway of Victoria Tower, marshalled on her path to the House of LFords by the great officers of State and a long procession of Heralds, Pages, Pttrsuivants, and other accessories of such solemnities. It was 20 minutes after 2 o'clock before the queen entered the Chamber of Peers, and for more than two hours previously that noble apartment had been gradually receiving within its gorgeously decorated ,alls an assemblage, if not quite suitable to the occasion, at least well calculated to give the highest pictorial effect to the pomp of the opening ceremonial. However jealously the theory of our constitution may debar the gentler sex from interference in political affairs, they have moments when they appear to take great reprisals, and among these may be reckoned the inauguration of a fresh session of Parliament. WVhether it be regarded as a graceful act of allegiance on their part towards a Sovereign of their own sex, or as a demonstration against any possible attempt to introduce the Salic Law into this coumtry, or merely as an evidence that female infiuence is not so completely extinguished as one mnight fancy in high state affairs, certain it is that the British Legislature when summoned together at the commencement of each year looks wonderfully like an assertion of the rights of woman. Nobody who entered the House of Lords on such an occasion without previously knowing anything of its real composition would fancy that the 50 elderly gentlemen in scarlet robes, trinmed with ermine, were the true drainatis persone of that brilliant assemblage, and that the preponderating display of ladies was to be regarded as merely accessoryto the spectacle. For two long hours they came trooping in, from the girl in the freshness of her teens to the mature dow ager, all in full evening dress, and displaying a variety of toilette which made the house bloom lke a vast flower-bed. Two old messengers in their chains and liveries had the arduous duties assigned them of conducting the fair ones to their respective places, and there was no small amount of amusement to be derived from watehing how severely their civility and ingenuity were taxed in finding room for all. At one time the space reserved for the spiritual lords appeared to be in serious danger of encroachment; the diplomatic seats also narrowly escaped invasion, and wistful eyes were even cast upon the woolsack itself. The strangers' gallery was filled with ladies; so was that whichruns round the house immediately beneath the stained glass windows, and the benches on either side, with the exception of the front rows and those usually occupied by the Bishops. The Chamber of Peers did seem for a time entirely given up to petticoat government; but soon after)l o'clock noble lords in their robes and the representatives of foreign Powers in their official costumes began to make their appearance. First among the latter came his Excellency the Haitian Minister-a sable personage, whose presence caused a momentary flutter amid the fair assemblage. He was shortly followed by the Brazilian Minister, in a very light blue uniform. Then the old Earl of Devon, and shortly after the Judges, entered, anld grouped themselves round the woolsack to the number of 13. But for Baron AVlderson's interference they 'would have found some difficulty in getting all seated upon the woolsack, which, if it is not a bull to say so, appears to be their only locus stanldi in the house. Among the Peers, as they dropped in one after the other, we noticed Lord Combermere, rendered conspicuous by portions of a military uniform showing from beneath his peer's robe. The Earl of Clarendon was the first member of the Cabinet who appeared. Lord Campbell and Lord St. Leonard's were also among the early arrivals. Seijeant Manming, as senior seijeant, claimed his seat with the judges; and among the latter we observed the newly-created Justices Willes and BramwelL Immediately under the seats reserved for the diplomatic corps the right rev. prelates assembled to the number of five or six, with the Archbishop of Canterbury at their head. Amonr them were the Bishops of Oxford and Exeter. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge and Lord Panmure entered the house about the same time, and shorty after them the Duke of Newcastle, with a. w,ell-developed Crmean beard, as an evidence ef his recent tour in the 3East. By this time the House had assumed a very animated appearance, the Lords spiritual and temporal chatting together in groups, the ladies all settled in their places, and the doorways on either side of the throne thronged with Gentlemen-at-Arns in their glittering uniforms. The diplomnatic corps had already mutered im considerable strength and in every variety of official costume, whlen his Excellency the American MIEnister " sloped in" in plain evening dress. After him came the MIarquis d' Aeglio; the Turkish Ambassador, whose fez was no sooner observed than all eyes were diected towards him; and, last of all, Count Persigny, -with an imposing train of attaches. The moment was now at hand when Her Majesty might be expected, and as it approached the groups of talkers (lispersed gradually to their respective places. The clerks took their seats at the table of the House, the judges subsided back to back upon the woolsack, the Lrd Chancellor appeared with the Great Seal and Mace, nnd'thePeers, allrobed, rangedthemselves, to the numuber of 50, on the lowest benches to the right and left of the throne. Thus filled and prepared to receive the Sovereign, the house presented a spectacle singularly imposing. There was about it that genuine and unmistakeable air of grandeur which the oldest and most powerful hereditary body in the world has not failed to preserve, and the impression of which is so deeply fixed in the social fabric of the united kinc'dom that to the very humblest classes we are all by inclnation and sentiment more or less aristocratsApart from its. occupants the ho-use itself loDked welL Time has already done good servicein toning down the first glaring effiets of its inteiial decorations, and, -whatever opinion may be formed of Rir ChArles Bariy's success in other portionLs q£f,1is gnmuat work, it cannot be disputed that the _ou4l of Loids is a noble apartment, and worthy the obb4ect for which it was designed. While the briliant assemblage collectedl within it yesterday were listening to catch the first sounds of the cannon announcng Her Majesty's arrival, the venerable Marquis of Lnsdwne, Lord Grauville, the Duke of Argyll, Lord Stauley of Aiderley, Lord Harrowby, and Lord Elgin stood chattng together at the foot of the throne. After a brier interval, thoseof themwhosecdutiesrequiredtheipresence atthe Royal entrance withdrew to receive Her Majesty, and there was then a pause of expectation in the House. It was soon manifest that the Queen had arrived, but neither the sound of the Royal salute nor of the trumpet flourish penetratea to the interior of the House, the doors of which were carefully closed. Suddenly, at 20 minutespast 2 o'lock, they were thrownopen, andtheprocession of Heaa,Prtvns ,rsi-atn,idg offlcers of State, swept in. The Queen, leaning on the arm of his Royal Highness the Prnace Consort, ascended the throne, the assemblage standing up to receive her. Havig desiredthat they might be seated, Her Majesty forthith despatched the Usher of the Black Rod to summon the Commons to the bar. Here an interval of severli minutes elapsed, during which solemn silence was observed, and spectators who beheld the scene for the first timne had amnple timne to observe all its wellknowvn details. E:xcept in the personages, therewa no departure from tghe prescriptive observance of centuries in the formalities of the ceremonial. Lord Granville, on the left of the throne, bore the Sword of State; Lord Harrowby, on the right, the Cap of M-aintenance; and beyond him were the Lord Chancellor, and the Iarquis of Lansdowne, bearing the Crown upon a velvet cushion. Beside them, on the steps of the throne, stood the Duchess of Sutherland and the Duchess of Wellington; and on the other side, near the chair of the Prince Consort, the Marquis of Abercorn and Sir Auootus Clifford, who, in the absence of Lord Willoughby DEresby, officiated as Lord Chamberlain. Gazing at the spectacle one could not help owning the fascination of I those ceremonial observanceswhich it is the fashion I of these modem days to speak depreciatingly of as " the barbaric po3no of Courts." And now the trampling sound of miany footsteps was heard at the entrance to the bar, and the Commons came surging up to that constitutional barnier with the vehemence and force of their popular origin symbolized in the movement. Pressing forward in a dense coltunn, with Mlr. Speaker and Black Rod at their head, they quickly iilled every corner of the vacant space. When they had settled sufficiently to have silence restored, the Lord Chancellor approached the throne, and,kneeling, presented toHer Majesty the copy of her speech, which she proceeded to Tead with her usual distinctness and sweetness of intonation. The Royal Speech was as follows " My Lords and Geittlemen, "Since the close of the last session of Parliament the arms of the Allies have achieved a signal and important success. Sebastopol, the great stronghold of Russia in the Black Sea, has yielded to the persevering constancy and to the daring bravery of the allEed forces. " The naval and military preparations for the ensuing year have necessarily occupied my serious attention; but, while determined to omit no effort which could give vigour to the operations of the war, I have deemed it my duty not to decline any overtures which might reasonably afford a prospect of a safe and honourable peace. Accordingly, when the Enperor of Austria lately offered to myself and to my august ally, the Emperor of the French, to employ his good offices with theEmperor of Russia,-with a view to endeavourto bring about an amicable adjustment of the matters at issue betweenthe contending Powers, I consented, in concertwith my alies, to accept the offer thus made, and I have the satisfaction to mform you that certain conditionshave been agreed upon, whichIhope may prove the foundation of a general treaty of peace. "Negotiations for such a treaty will shortly be opened at Paris. " In conducting those neaotiationsl shall be careful not to lose sight of the objects for which the war was undertaken; andI shal deem it right in no degrec to relax my naval and military preparations until a satisfactory treaty of peace shall have been concluded. " Although the war in which I am engaged wa5 brought on byevents in thesouthof Europe,)nyattention has not been withdrawn from the state of thinga in the north, and, in conjunction vith the Emperor of the French, I have concluded vith the King of Sweeden and Norway a treaty contaning aefensive engagements applicable to his dominions, and tending to the preservation of the balance of power in that part of Europe. " I have also concluded a treaty of friendship, commerce, and navigation with the RepubEc of Chili I have given directions that these treaties shall be laid before you. " Gentlemen of tlhC House Of Commons, "IThe estimates for the ensuing year will be laid before you. You will find them framed in such a manner as to provide for the exigencies of war, if peace should unforhmately not be concluded. | " .fY Lords aiod Gentlemen, "It is gratifying to me to observe that, notwithstanding the pressure of the war, and the burdens and sac rifies which it has unavoidably imposed upon my people, the resources of my empire remain unimpaired. Irely with confidence on the manly spirit and enlightened patriotism of my loyal sabjects for a continuance of that support which they have so nobly afforded me, and they may be assured that I shall not call upon them for exertions beyond what may be required by a due regard for the great interests, the honoutr, and the dignity of the empire. "There are manysubjectsconnected with internal improvement which I recommend to your attentive consideration. "The difference which existsin several important particulars between the commercial laws of Scotland and those of the other parts of the United Kingdom has occasioned inconvenience to a largeportion of my subjects engaged in trade. Measures will be proposed to you for remedying this evil. "M Ieasures will also be proposed to you for improvingthe lawsrelating to partnership, bysimplifying those laws, and thus rendering more easy the employment of capital in commerce. "The system under which merchant shipping is hable to pay local dues and passing tolls has been. the subject of much complaint. Measures will beproposed to you for afording relief in regard to those matters. " Other importantmeasures for improving the law in Great Britain and in Irelandwlll bsproposedto you, which will, doubt not, receive your attentive consideration. "U Upon these and all other matters upon which you may delberate I fervently pray that the blessing of Divine Providence may favour your councils, and guide them to the promotion of t;he great object of my unvarying solicitude-the welfare and the happiness of my people." At the close of the Speech, which was listened to in breathless silence, Her MIajesy withdrew from the House, and returned to Buckinghan Palace, with the same ceremonial observances as had marked her advent. She wore a magnificent white satin dress, brocaded vith gold, and over it the purple robe of State, with its train borne aloft by pages; her head was surmounted by a magnificent tiara of diamonds. The halls and corridors leading from the Royal entrance to the House were filled with spectators, who rose to receive her at her coming and as she retired. Thus have been solemnly inaugurated by the Crown the deliberations of a new session of Parliament, andit only remains for the nation to watch narrowly how in these troubled times our legislators fulfil their high mission. Their lordships reassembled at 5 o'clok, when there wasr a full attenclance. The 3Enisterial bench -w occupied by the Marquis of Iansdowne, the Earl of CLarendon,- Earl Granville, Iord Palnure, and the Earl of Haxrowby, E Grey, the Earl of Aberdeen, and the Duke of ]hewcastle taldng -up their usual position on the Ministerl side of the~ House. Among the other peers present were observed t;he Earl of Derby, Lord Lyndhurst, the Earl of xalmesbtuy lord Campbell, the Archbishop of Canterbury, the Bishop of Oxford, xord St. Leonard's, Lord Redesdale, the Earl cf Shaftesbury, the Earl of Hardwicke, the Earl of Eglintoun, |ord Monteag1e, the Earl of Albem-dr, the Earl of Cardigan, &c. Her 3ajes'sgracious Speech having been ad by the lord Chancellor, and afterwards by the Reading Clerk at the table, - The Earl of GOSFOBD, in rising to mnove that a humble. address be piesented to ere Majesty, in reply to Her Msjesty's most gracious Speech from the throne, trusted that their lordehips would grant bim that forbearance which they7 always displayed, upon similar occasions while he trespassed upon their attention is shortly as -ws consistent with the importance of the subject with which Le bad to deal, and in dealing with wbich he trLed Oat be sbon whiv 'ttorswe tzi toimte thijlalcrh conder the nnintetioni-l cracter of the ofenc in the. first place given, and that full and ample apology whiclh E underMan4d ler aet Government has manae40-9m offended dignity of the nited States, and which I think any great nation, truly conscious of its own strength, would accept as a sufficent repartion for the Wrong do3e. (Hear, hear.) I therefore venture to entertain thee asope that in that quarter more friendly relations Vila exist, though at the same titne I must say that I think Her Majestys Government would have etd mnore wisely, with a view to soothe ny angry feling and topave the way to more friendly rlaetioG, if they hui inserted in Her Majesty's Speech a concilatory p ph applying to the people of that great country, ind oftpssing over the subject in a contemptuous y, as thoug i were unworthy a moment's consideration. Nfy lords, npors the latter portion of the Speech I am not disposed to offer anylengthened remarks. "There swilijeete connected with internal improvement" Which Her ie tyr . commends to ourattentive coisideration. Now I think might have been iforueda trathergreaterleugtwhwhtihose subjects wfere. I hope it asx not intended to limit; eur consideration to those foulr questions with regar to which, with somewfhat unnecessary nd tunusual taiitologyr, we are infonmed that meaues will be proposed to u} do not undervalue the importance of the questions suggested for the consideration of Parliament; some of them rc, per. haps, matters of national importance; others are nattersixa which the intervention of Parliamentis required,fortha purpoee of remedying the somewhat bungling legislation oE past Parliaments. Bet there are other topire of perhapg greater difficulty and importance which, I t might have been mentioned. For example, the education of the people of this country will, perhaps, be considered as more vorthy of allusion than many of the questions introducel into the Speech {hear, hear) bat Isuppee those topics are introduCd as being most easily dealt wth, on the principle that "1Quse " Desperat tractata nitescerc nosse relinquit." ("Hser, hear," and a laugh). i co tclusion I ill onlysa that I do not intend to offer the sdightest opposition to the unanimous adoption of this Address. I do not propose to offer any zmendment, though I think the speech itself night; be rewritten with advantage. (Laughter. But not being responsible for the matter, or for the sty e, which I leavo to Her Majesty's Government to settle among themselves,concurrin5 with the general policy of conducting these ncgo. tiations with arms in our hands-of consenting to no peace except a just and honourable peace, and one which wi fully effect the objects of the war-of carrying om the war for not one single moment after those objects are accompUlished, but of carrying it on with unflinching perseverance and undaunted courage up to the time when, either with or without those who call themselvesi our allies, those objects c_n be obtained by this oountry.assuning, I say, that this is the spirit of the Speech, I 'will not onlygive noopposition to theAddress in answer toit,but; the noble earl (o Clarendon) may depend upon me and my friends to carry out that policy with no partyconsideratiomr- and with a desire to take no ungenerous advantage. (Cheersi There is another subject to which no reference is made in Her Majesty's Speech, but to which I wish to callthe attention of your lordships, because, inmy opinion, it involves a question of the (leepest constitutional importance. We have heard that Her Ma 'jesty has been advised to confer upon at individnal, distinguished for his eminent ability, the dignity of the peerage, but that that eerage is limitedlto the life of that distinguished person. it appears to me, my lords, that that peerage has been conferred most nnnecessarily and; gratuitously as far as regards the limitation for life, becaue the distinguished person on whom it has been oonferrecl has no son, nor is he likely to have one. A peArage, therefore, of such a description can only havebe conferred in order to try the prerogative of the Crown. Now, my lords, without venturing to discuss the constitutional side of the question, I may venture to say that when it is sought to exercise a prerogative, or supposed preroga. tivc, of the Crown, of such a nature, such a subject Ou gh not tobepassed over in silence on the first night of o ur meeting. It is a prerogative which has never been exercised for a space of 300 or 400 years-one whichK durin that space the greatest sticklers for prerogatuve have never ventured to advise, and which those who have been most desirous to swaamp your lordship? House have never dared to recommend. The gratuitots assumption of such a prerogative is a matter for the deepes consideration, and I earnestly exhort all your lordships-for the subject is one wlhich concerns all, and which especilDly affects the constitutional liberty of the country-to carefuly consider whether you will, or can, or ought to submitto the exercis8 of a prerogative which has been dormant for many years, and which, as I believe, at no time your lordship? House has ever sanctioned as conferring a rioht to. sit and vote in Parliament. I do not wish to discuss that question, and I trust that it will not fal to my lot to do so, but rather that it will fall into the hands of those who are far more experienced in constitutional law, anld much better able to deal with such subjects. I trust also that it will fall into other hands for different reasons. This is a question which should be discussed in such a mnamner as to exclude al suspicion of anything like party feeling; and if the subject were brought forward by one in the position which I have the honour to> held, party motives would in al probability be attributed to him. I trust, therefore, as I have before said, that this duty wil fall into the hands of those much mora able to undertake it than I am, and I hDpa that Her Majesty's Government will, without previous notice, taking into consideration the imporance of.' the question, give us a locus stacidi by laying on the table of :Four lordships' house the patent of peerage wlhich Her Mnjestyhas been advised to confer on the distinguished person to whom I have referred. That patent will necessarily be lroduced wvhen that learned person takes his seat in your lordships' house, and it is most desirable that the subject should not be discussed upon that occasion. I say, therefore, that we ought to have the patent laic upon the table as a formal locus stardi, in order to obviato the great inconvenience of discussing this subject in thet presence of the person chiefly concerned, and I hope that HerMajesty's Government will not object to laying the patent upon the table. The Earl of CLARED ON.-My noble friend has addressed several inquiries to Her MajesWs Government wita, reference to Her Majesty's Speech, and I wish to take an carly opportunity of replying to them, and will commenea with the last topic to which he has referred-I mean the state of our relations with the TUnited States of Anerica. I may state my entihe concurrence in the view which my noble friend opposite has taken with respect to the settlement of one of the points in dispute between the two Governments. In my opinion there can be no doubt as to the common-sense view of the obligations of the Clayton-Bulwer treaty, and yet it is upon the interpretation of that tkeaty that a difference of opinion has. arisen. In such a case correspondence is useless, and I lost no time in offering to refer the whole question to the arbitration of any third Power, both sides agreeing to be bound by the decision. That offer has not yet been accepted; it has been renewed, and I hope that, upon farther consideration, the Government of the IJnited States will agree to it. 'With respect to the other point to which my noble frienld has alluded-I mean recruiting in the United StatesI must say that I do not think that it would be convenient for Her Majesty in her Speech from the throne to enter minutely into such matters of difference, nor do I think that such a course would be lkely to lead to a friendly solution. Such a subject could not have been alluded to without the Government being prepared to lay upon your lordehips' table he correspondence which has taken place on the subject, and as that correspondence is still in progress, to lay it on your lordships' table in its present state could have led to no satisfaz. tory conclusion. The most recent demands of the Govrnment of the lUnited States arrived only two days ago, and it would not have been conducive to the public interest to produce them at the present moment. The origin of the point now in dispute is as: follows: -On the brealkng out of the war numereun applications from foreigners, and also from British subjects in the 'United States, were made to the British Government for permission to join the army in the Fast. Some of these applications were made from politiral motives, some on account of a political interest in the issue, and others frona other causes; and in consequence of them instructions werm sent to the Governor of Nova Scotia to consider whether persons from the United States desirous of enlisting in the British servicecouldbereoeivedatHalifa. Theseinstractions were made known to Mr. Crampton, and he wastold that, however desirous Her MIjesty's Government were to obtain recraits, they were still more anxious that there should be^ no violation or infinigement of the municipal law of the United States. Shortly afterwards an agent opened au agency office, and upon complaint being made Mr. Crampton desired that it might be made public that the British Government did not recruit or raise soldiers in the United States, and he made known his instructions to Mr. Marcy, who then expressed himself satisfied. The passage of persons wishing to go into Canada to enlist was paid, anc Judge Kane laid down the rule that to pay the passage of men to a foreign port and then enlist them is noviolaUenof international law. Those persons v;hose. passage to Canada was paid went as volunteers, and, upon arriving there, they were not bound to enter into the British service, and, in point of fact, a large number of thenm preferred undertading work in Canada. A correspondenca of a not very amicable character has taken place betweem the two Governments, but the transactions to which it refers are bygone transactions, and from the com- mencementtheBritishGovermnent havedisclanned allintention of infringing in anyway the law of the United States. I say, then, that any difference of opinion which may exist has reference to bygone transactions; and I cannot believe the two nations, having been bomnd together, as the noble earl has observed, by such unity of interests, that such a question as this is not capable of a speedy and amicable solution. (Hear.) With the conduct of Mr. Campton -we are perfectly satisfied, for I am convinced that neither intentionally,, nor unintentionaUly, nor accidentally, did hl violate any law of the United States. 1, therefore, do hope that the question will be brought to a satisfactory solution; but I do not thinkthat thatt result would have been pro- moted by any allusion to it in the Queen's Speech; and' sorry, indeed, should I be if our friends on the other siaer Of the Atlantic were to think that the absence of any allsion to them was treating them with anything like contempt or disrespect. (Hear, hear.) It is hardly, ny lordsnece ryfor me toRy tlI deplore incomm4I
HOUSE OF COMIONS, THmtSDAY, JTw. 3L. The House assembled to-day, in pursuance of Her Majesty's summons, for the despatch of business. At 1 o'clock members began to enter and resume their accustomed seats, and soon after the Speaker was announced, at which time there were about 100 members present, but none of any particular note as leaders on either side, Mr. Hayter and 31r. GrenviUe Berkeley being at that time the only occupants of the3inisterialbench. LordPalmerstontookhis seat ataquarter past 2, and, a fewnminutesafter, 3Mr. Punan, the Yeoman Usher of the Black Rod, appeared at the bar of the house and summoned its members to attend Her Majesty immediately in the House of Peers. The SPrzuEaEB, accompanied by Lord Pav uERsros and the other members present, forthwith proceeded to the House of Lords, and heard the Royal Speech delivered, and, immediately on their return, the House adjourned till a quarter to 4 o'clock. NEW AE RS. The House having resumed at the time appointed the following members took the oaths and their seats-viz., Sir Charles Napier, for Southwark; the Hon. W. Cowper, for Hertford; the Right Hon. I. Lowe, for Kidderminster ; the Right Hon. Edward Bouverie, for Kilmarnock; Major Sibthorp, forLincoln; Mfr. MrEvoy, forMeath; Mr. Bond, for Armagh; Captain Jolliffe, for the city of Wells; Mr. Rust, for Huntingdonshire, and Lord Gifford, for Totness. STANDING ORDERS OF THE HOUSE. The House then proceeded to adopt the usual sessional orders. On reading the order against the interference of peers with the elections of members of the House of Commons, 31r. W. VILLIAMS observed that it was a most important standing order, provided the House had the power of enforcing it; but instances were within his knowledge of peers having set it at defiance by voting at elections as other electors did. It appeared to him very injudicious to retain in one of their standing orders the assumption of a power which the other House of Parliament would not allow them to exercise. NEW WRI. Mlr. HATTER moved, that the Speaker do issue his war rant to the Clerk of the Crown for the election of a burgess to represent the borough of Taunton in Parliament, in the room of the Hon. H. Labouchere, who, since his election, has accepted the office of one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State. Agreed to. Upon the motion of the same right hon. gentleman, a new writ was ordered to issue for the borough of Leeds, in the room of the Right Hon. Matthew Talbot Baines, who, since his election, has accepted the office of Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster. AIso a new writ for the election of a Commissioner for the county of Wigton, in the room of the Hon. J. Dalyumpie, commonly called Viscount Dalrymple, who has accepted the stewardship ef the Chiltern Hundreds. Also a new writ for the city of Edinburgh, in place of the Right Hon. Thomas Babington Maeaulay, who has accepted the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds. Also a new writ for the borough of Newcastle-uponTyne, in place of John Fenwick Burgoyne Blackett, who has accepted the stewardship of the Chiltena Hundreds. Also, for the City of Rochester, in the room of the Hon. Francis John Robert Villiers, who has accepted the stewardship of the Chiltern Hundreds. Upon the motion of Sir W. JOLnIFFE, a new writ was ordered to issue for the election of a burgess to represent the University of Cambridge, in place of tho Right Hon. Henry Goulburn, deceased. Also for the borough of Midhurst, in place of the Right Hon. Horatio Spencer Walpole, who has accepted the stewardship of the Chilterm Hundreds. GOVERNMENT MEASURES. 3Mr. HAYTER.-I beg to give notive that to-morrow (this day) the Vice-President of the Board of Trade will move for leave to introduce a bill to amend the law of partnership. (Hear, hear.) On the same day he will also ask leave to introduce a bill for the incorporation and regulation df joint-stock companies and other associations. On the same day the Secretary of the Treasury will move for leave to bring in a bill to regulate certain offices in the House of Commons. On Monday next the Secretary for the Home Department wili move for leave to bring in a bill to amend the acts relating to metropolitan police. Upon the same day the same right hon. gentleman will ask leave to introduce a bill to provide for the more effectual police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales (Hear, hear.) On an early day the same right hon. gentleman will ask leave to bring in a bill for the better regulation of the corporation of the city of London. (Hear, hear.) On Monday next the Vice-President of the Board of Trade will ask leave to bring in a bill for the abolition of passing tolls, and for the regulation of local dues on shipping. (Hear.) I beg also to give notice that the Secretary for Ireland will, to-morrow, ask leave to introduce three bills, viz. -For further amending the laws relating to prisons in Ireland; for amending the laws relating to the burial of the dead in Ireland; and for the better care and reformation of youthful offenders in Ireland. UNIFORMITY OF WVEIGHTS, MEASURES, AN)D COINAGE. M1r. J. B. SMITH gave notice that on an early day he should move an address, praying Her Majesty to iuvite a congress of representatives of all nations, to meet at a convenient place, for thepurposeof consideringtheprawticability of adopting one common standard of weights, measures, and coinage. MEDICAL DEPARTMES OF THE ARMY. 31r. STAFFORD gave notice that on an early day he should move the appointment of a Committee upon the Army Medical Departments. (Hear.) NATIONAL EDUCATION. Lord . RUSSELL gave notice that early in March he should propose certain resolutions on the subject of national education in England and Wales. (Hear, hear.) ENLISTMEN'T OF FOREIGNERS. Mr. HL BAILLIE gave notice that on Thursday, the 14th of February, he should propose resolutions expressing disapprobation of the course puaued by the advisers of the Crown in employing agents in foreign countries for the enlistment of foreigners in defiance of the law of those countries and in despite of public remonstrances-zuch a course being inceonsistent with good faith and that conduct which ought to characterize all our relations with allied States, and being calculated to lower the dignity, endanger the peace, and compromise tho honour of this country. (Hear, hear.) PIRACY IN THE CHINESE SEAS. Mr. H. BAILLIE said, he should ask a question of the First Lord of the Admiralty, on Monday, with reference to the conduct of Admuiral Stirling and Captain Elliott in the Chinese Seas. SCOTCH BDRGHS. M-r. EWART gave notice gf his intention to move for leave to introduce-on Tuesday, the 12th of February, a bill for the extension of tho Municipa Reform Act to certain buighs in Scotlaud. VAOCOhAIITION. Mr. COWPER gare notice that on an early day he should ask leave to introduce a bil to amend the law relating to vaccination. THE PUBIY C ACCOUNTS. Mfr. WITLIAMS gave notice that on Tuesday next he should move for an account of the gross public expenditure and income of the united kingdom in each quarter for the year 1855, stating tho cost of collection in each of the Revenue Departments, including the Woods and Land Revenues of the Crown, and made up in the same form as the account of the net income and expenditure. THE ARMY. Major REED gave notice that on Tuesday week he should move for a select coDmmittee to inquire into the present s3 stem of conducting the affairs of the army. JUVENILE REFORMATORIES. Sir J. PAKINGTON gave notico that to-morrow, on the motion for the adjournment of the House, he should put a question to the Secretary of State for the Home Depart. ment as to the intention of Her Majesty's Government in consequence of tho rapid increase of juvenile reformatories. ECCLESIASTICAL COURTS. Mr. COLLIER gave notice that on Thursday next he should ask leave to introduce a bill to transfer the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts to the common law courts, (Hear, heat) NAVAL ADMINISTRATION. Mr. WILLIA MS gavo notiee of the intention of the hon. member for Bath to move, on Thursday, the 7th of Febru ary, for a committee to inquire into the administration of the navy. THE BALTIC. Sir C. NAPIER gave notice that on Thursday, the 7th of February, he should move for certain papers relating to operations in the Baltic between February, 1854, and December, 1855. PUWCHASE IN THE ARMY. Sir D. L EVANS gave notice that on an early day he should move the abolition of the system of purchase in the army. THE SABBATEI. Mr. V. SCULLY gave notice that on Tuesday, the 12th of February, he should move resolutions declaring that the HIouse was opposed to an undue restraint of the working classes, and in favour of giving facilities for their recreation on Sunday by opening such institutions as the British Mutseum and Crystal Palace at Sydenham. PUBLIC JUSTICE. Mfr. NAPIER gave notice that on Tuesday, tho 12th of February, he should ask leavo to introduce a bil, as a measure of administrative reform, to make provision for a re. sponsible department of public justice. CONSOLIDATION OF STATUTES. Sir F. KELLY said, on Thursday, he should move for leave to bring in a bill to consolidate the statute law relating to offences against the person, and another bill to consolidate the law relating to bills of exchange and promissory notes. TENANTS' COMPENSATION (IRELAND) BILL. Mr. V. SCULLY said, he should to-morrow ask the First Lord of the Treasury what were the precise intentions of Her Majesty's Govermnent with regard to the Tenants Compensation Bill; whetlher it was intended to introduce it as a Government measure, and to pass it through its several stages early in the presenlt session? PUBLIC PROSECUTORS. Mr. J. G. PHILLIMORE said, he should move to-morrow tho reappointment of the Committee onj Public Prose. cutor-s. CHURtCH-RATES. Sir W. CLAY gave notice that on an early day he should ask leave to introduce a bill for the abolition of church. rates. (Hear, hear.) Mr. DAVIES said, he would move on Tuesday for leave to introduce a bill on the same subject, should Her 3Majesty's Government not announce their intention to undertake it. MEDICAL MEN. Mr. HEADLAM gave notice that he should move for leave to introduce a bill to amend the laws relating to the medical profession. TREATIES. Lord PALM1IERSTON laid on the table copies of the treaties with Chih and Japan. THE QUEEN'S SPEECH. The SPEAKEP reported that he had this day attended the House of Peers, when Her Majesty bad made a most gracious speech to both Houses of Parliament, and then read the Speech, for which see Lords' report. Mr. BYNG said that, in rising to move that an humble Address be psesented to Her Majesty in reply to the gracious Speechthey had this day heard read from theThrone, ho felt that itwould ill befit the respect due to that HTouse and the solemn importance of the occasion, were he not to solicit their indulgence and favourable consideration, not only on account of his own inexperience in addressing them, but also for the sake of those grave and momentous topics to which he should have occasion to refer. (Hear.) The events of the last five months were so pregnant with recollections of pride, gratitude, and sorrow, that the pen of the historian and the dispassionate judgment of posterity would alone render them the justice due; but, however on many points connected with the past differences of opinion and diversity of criticism might exists he fearlessly appealed on one point to the opinion of the House, feeling convinced that nothing but the most perfect unanimity would be found on that subject. The British House of Commons, in the joint name of the British people, while humbly acknowledging the mercy of Him from whom alone came victory and defeat, were anxious to tender their warniest gratitude to those brave men who, after a long and laborious siege of U months, with no more cheering alternations than the duty in the trenches and the bed of sickness in the hospitals, after having endured the miseries and privations of cold, hunger, and exposure to an extent almost unparaleled in the annals of modermwarfare, had obtained the reward of their patient heroism by the capture of the strongest fortress that ever defied attack. (Chorsm.) Associated with the heroes of our owvn country would be the recollection of those gallant allies who for upwards of two years had vied with us, not alone in feats of arms and personal courage, but in the more gentle and pleasant offices of cordiality, kindness, and friendship (hear, hear), while itwould be in idious not to allude to an alliance of yet more recent date with a Sovereign who, surrounded by difficulties of no ordinary magnitude, and in the midst of a series of domestic sorrows, had won the affection of his ow,n subjects and the respect of strangers by his constitutional sway and love of freedom (hear); and who, throwing his influence into the scale of right against might, had cemen ted on the soil of the Crimea his alliance with the Western Powers by the blood of a chivalrousandbravepeople. (Cheers.) While therewas on thesepoints undoubted niatter for pride and mutualcongratulation, there was a sadreverse of shade in the bright colourio' of the past. There was the memory of those who haa fallen ; there was the regret, that must be shared in by all, that it did not please an all-wise Providence to permit that gallant oldman who died, as he had lived, in the fulfilment of what he believed to be his duty, to witness the final triumph of tat army that he loved and by whom he was beloved. (Loud cheers.) There must also be the feeling among many that but scant justice had been done to one who, having earned by personal merit alone in Eastern warfare the reputation of a distinguished soldier, accepted the command which he neither solcited nor wished for, had had been accused of incompetence by a verdict which it was prohable that the calmer judgment of the future would scarcely ratify. He lluded to one wrho was justly desigonted as the right arm o Sir Charles Napier in the Indian campaigns, and who owed the high position he held in tho army not to politirsc patronage, Court favour, or aristocratic in nthence;e and, though it was possibllethat inany future war a more fortunate commander might be found, we shorld harcy find one more consientious, siele-minded, or honourable than Sir James Simpson. (Hear, hear.) lf, i however, in the vicissitudes and sorrows incidental to a state of war we had to deplore the loss of the good and the brave, errors committed or opportunities lost, how much was there also to assure us that the people of this country, high and low, rich and poor, had been alike tried for no common or unworthy purpose! If ever there had been a w ar undertaken for no selfish scheme of personal aggran-2 direment, but only after the failure of long and protracted negotiations had proved that no other course could be adopted in honour or in equity, this war had been one. (Hear.) If everthere had been a timhe peopl of ofadihad cheerfuly and cordially supported the 3xecutive in the firm belief that they were all embarked in a cause whichadmnitted of no abandonment or drawiaghack-if thereeverwere seasons when private munificence endeavoromed to admoinister to the comforts of our troops abroad and to the alleviation of the poverty and wants of those who were left behind-if at an time more than another, women, as miisterigr angels, cheerfuly gave up the 1uties and comforts of home, and in the hour of ssckness and of death soothed the anguish of those moments, the history of the last 12 months would testifyhow much good had been mercifully associated with great evils. (Hear, hear.). Turning, then, thankfully from the past, hetrusted he should not be considered presumptuous rf he ventured to say that we might look forward to the future hopefully and confi- ! dently (Cheers.) A sketch, containing certain elements for negotiation having been accepted byF!rance aDdEngland en the hand, had been sbmitted, on the other, by a great Germianc PoWer for the consideration of Russia, and, as wehad every reason to bcelieve, had been accepted by that country unconditionally and unreservedly. (Hfear.) In cases of tht kind it vwas sometimes difficult to preservo the, just line betwreen over-confident exultation and unnecessary mistrust. We had to temper the great thankfulness and joy with which we should hear that the hand of the Destroying Angel was at length stayed, and that we should retarn once more to the peaceful occupations and pursuits of upwards of 40 years' uninterrupted enjoyment, with the recollections of previous unsuccessful negotiations, and the uncertainty of calculation where diplomatic deliberations were concerned. (Hear, hear.) If, - however, we considered the respective chances presented by peace and war, so far as human foresight could avail, he wold maintain that we had no cause for despondency or fear, for they had been told from the Throne that, notwithstanding the pressure and burdens of war, the finances of the country were in a satisfactory condition and that the state of the revenue presented a favourable aspect. Should the details of the proposed treaty of peace correspond with the outline that had been accepted and with the aense which the English people were disposedto put uponthem, hewould maintain that the objects of the war had been honourably and satisfactorily obtained, and that fair expectations might be entertained as to the security of the future. Should we see the independence of the principalities recognized, the freedom of the moutb of the Danube conceded, with a recti- fication of territory where it was much nee. q; should we have the Clfaislian subjects of the Porte releasC4 from the protectorate that had been placed over them by Ruboi* and a strict neutralization to vessels of war of all nations . blished in that sea whence the safety of Turkey and of th e eivilized world had been menaced; should other conditions over and above those specially nominated be imposed-and every ono must hope that the safety and independence of those northern States for whose welfare and security the Western Powers were now more than ever bound to provide, would be amply cared for, and that, remembering how politically and commercially our in. terests were interwoven with those of Sweden, we should take care that the Baltic should never for the future contain such a standing menace to the maritime Powers in that quarter, as we had seen, though trust never again to witness, in the Black Sea;-but should the preliminary outline submitted to the consideration of the Western Powers contain I these bases of peace, although there was doubtless much that night be modified, altered, and improved npon in a complete series of negotiations, yet what le woul wish to see recognized by the judgment of the House was that they contained in them the elements of an honourable and secure peace. (Hear,hear.) Do not let them, in the full Blush of the successes that had attended the allied arms, forget the origin of their taking them up. It was not to obtain annexation of fresh territory for England-it was not for the purpose of annihilating .tussia-it was not for a reparttion of Europe, nor for any idle visions of fame, but for the purpose of securing, as far as in them lay,theiudependence and integrityof theirally, Turkey, and to shp the further advance of Russia in her path of ambition and conquest by endeavouring to demonstrate, not only by the force of arms, but by an appeal to the judgment of the civilized world, that the verdict of the more right. thinking portion of Europe was against her. Let them, then, approach any conference for peace that might be held in the same spirit as all must trust that their antagonist would. If they believed that the terms proposed were just and necessary, do not let them abate one iota of those terms, or shrink from maintaining their determined resolution to see them acknowledged and adopted. (Hear, hear.) On the otherhand, do not lettthem be decoyed fromthestraightpath of honour and moderation by any thirst for revenge or dreams of further conquest. The moment thatjustice ceased to be the presiding genius over their conduct in this matter, should they not have reason to fear that the Nemesis which followed the later fortunes of that mighty Sovereign who died in the midst of the war which he had so wantonly provoked, might follow upon their track? (Hear.) At tho present moment it was difficult, if not even impossible, to particularize the negotiations that mins ensue. If, as t£hev had reason o hope, they were opened in all good faith and honesty of purpose on each side, he trusted that during their progress Mtinisters would meet with that amount of patience and forbearance which were so absolutely requisite mnso trying a situation. (Cheers.) He would say, bear with them wbile the horizon is obscured, and do not forestall the verdict which, sooner or later, the people of tlis country always pass upon those into whose hands they have confided power and trust; but, when they have accomplished their task, then let the House of Commons pass a judgment of approval or condenination. (Cheers.) Should peace be happily restored-which God grant it t,[mightupon finm and lasting foundations, let them hope that the people of the present. day and the judgment of posterity would record their approval of the course pur. sued by the English nation during this eventful contest (Hear, hear.) Then would those, whose fate it might be to chronicle the past, sy, and say truly, that in the year 1853, Europe, through a weak member of its body, Turkey, was threatened with a great and crushing danger; that England, abandoning for a while those peaceful occupations which had been the sources of her pride and wealth for upwards of 40 years, united with her ancient enemy France to repel this danerous and insidious adversary; and that grudging no labour or expense, sparing neither her best bloo nor her costEeis treasure, she persevered in her generous career until at the close of two years warfare, when her energies, long dormant, were beginning to be fairly developed (hear, hear), and when the ju3gment of the more experienced and sanguine predicted for her greater triumphs and greater victoriesboth by sea andland, newscame thatthe justiceof her cause was acknowledged, and that her adversary was disposed to treat on fair and satisfactoxy grounds; that then, recognizing the objects for which she had suffered and done so much, she presented to the world an example of fairness and moderation, and accepting those proposals, which she deemed sufficienit with the same sincerity that she had refused others which were but mockery and delusion, waS finaly instrumental in restoring to the civilized world the blessings of peace. (Cheers.) Thiswouldbeaverdictworth striving for, but it was possible that so wished-for a conclusion was as yet premature, and that, on a narrower acquaintance with the subjects at issue, they might find it was merely intended to cheat them by diplomatic intrigues out of what they had won by the sword at the cost of so much precious treasure and yet more precious blood. Should such unhappily be the case, their course was clear; let them show to the world that they had honestly and simcerely endeavoured to stop the curses and horrors of war and then manfully continue to prosecute the struggle. (Hear, hear.) Let Ministers appeal to the patriotism of Parliamnent and to the good sense and judgment of the country; let them rely on that great branch of the service which only needed a fair opportunity for exercising its unbounded and multiform power with success and honour; let them appeal again to that army, now inured to the hazards of war, which in numbers, discipline, and en- thusiasn might well vie with any host that this country i had despatched from her shores-to that anny whvich had the memories of such good and brave men as azglan, Oathcart, Campbell, Shadforth, Egerton and Yea to steel them to mightier efforts, together with the consciousness that in any future hour of danger and of difficulty there would not be wanting heroes as chivalrous as those gallant spirits who bad passed away in the niidst of their duty. (Hear, hear.) Should the contest be unhappily prolonged it might be arduous and eventful; but, under Providence, he did not think the issue could be doubtful (hear, hear); and if it should happen that the same Minister who had been called to powrer mna moment of doubt and gloom were permitted to put an honourahle termination to that war which had, under his tenure of office, been conducted with success, it would be not the least pleasant or satisfactory remniniscence in a life of which so long a period had been passed in the public service. (Hear, hear.) Difficult as it no doubt was to withdraw their thoughts froen that one great subject which occupied the attention of aU classes, he earnestly lioped that those measures of internal policy which were mentioned in Her Majesty's Speech might be introduced with success during the present session; that the law might be so reformed and simplified as to be rendered accessible to all classes, that its vexatious and iniquitous delays might no longer be permitted to exist, while a further progress in the work commenced last session, relating to the laws of artnership and limited liability, would be gratefully hailed by thousands, wh6 would, by this means, find a safe and advantageous opportunity for the employment of their capital. (Hear, hear.) Gratifying, though, in many wvays as were the feeling and condition of the country, they must remember that they might be called upon to undergo fresh burdens and to suffer further losses of men and treasure. It was impossible to overrate the magnitude of the stake now at issue. The peace of the civilized world, the future progress or decay of those pursuits and occupations which humanized and ameliorated mankind-the destinies of Turkey, the possible regeneration of Russia-the lives of thousands-he might almost add, the happiness of every individual member of that House, were trembling in tho balance, and he earnestly hoped that a higher hand than theirs might bless their counsels with justice, strengthen them with firmniess, temper them with moderation, and finally crown them with success. The hon. gentleman concluded by moving the Address, which was as usual, an echo of the Speech, and resumed his seat amid loud cheers. M1r.BAXTER said, his observations in seconding the motionwouldbebrief, as some of them had beenrather anticipated by his hon. friend. (Hear, hear.) The internal state of the country was at present so prosperous, and within the last week or two our foreign relations had so changed for the better, that his task had been rendered compartively easy. There had been periods in the history of Great Britain, when, at the commencement of a session, the Commons had differed so irreconcileably upon matters of the greatest importance, that they could not agree either upon the tenour or the phraseology of the Address to the Crown. He felt confident that, on the present occasion, no such contrariety of opinion would be displayed; becauseHerMajesty met her Parliament with tidings better than might have beeii anticipated, and such as afforded ground for congratulation and gave reason for hope. It was needless for him to say that, however momentous and important were some of the domestic topics which would come under the consideration of the House, the public interest at the present moment centred on the war-a war which, like that carried on some 150 years ago against the power of Louis XIV., might he emphatically called the war of the people of England. (Hear, hear.) The people, thanks to the efforts of the press, had from day to day been made acquainted with the most minute events, had sanctioned the policy of the war, and had made up their minds thoroughly as to its objects; and perhaps he should not be too much trespassmg on the prophetic province of the hon. member for the West] hiding if he ventured to say that the courage and unflinching perseverance of the peoplewere about to be rewarded ima mn=ner whichwould insuresaccesato the causeforwhichthey I tookuparms, and prove a salutary lesson toambitiouskngs . (Hear, hear.) It was not at all surprising that there should exist, in a country of free discussion like this, a small party oppoeed to the national contest, and though it was to be deplored that some persons eminent for moral worth and ability were disposed to advocate peace on what the nation deemed unsasactory terms, the public opinion in reference to the war was founded on a general Oeelmn which had manifested itself through all classes from the peer to the artisam (Hear, hear.) The House generaUy migt not be aware that almost the entire populition of the district in Scotland in which he resided, comprising four counties, were engaged in the linen manufacture, and derived their raw materal from Russia. When the wararose, therefore, they had but a sorry pro t before them. htills and factories had been closed, aud a great body of indusrious artisans had been reduced to a state of destitution, and, nevertheless, they sympathized with the bulk of the nation in the resolution to begin the war, and to carry it on afterwards with vigour. (Cheers.) The contributions of the population in his district to the Patriotic Fundwere sufficient to show what the popular sentiment was, and he was convinced that if any members of the Peace Society had ventured there to promulgate their views very few persons would have been bold enough to givethea safe conduct ("H ear, hear," and lau ter.) twastrulygratifying to every patrioticr'oan, who refected en te pst ad loke forardwithhop tothe f-uture of thscuty,tdbev the paCPetiendt fothituXde anjd noble stp of this contest; carried on for the purpose of resisting Ithe ambition and aggression of B,usa, tan to protect Eurore% and also Asia, from the consWit IIN;ks of that Ivast mniitary despotism vhich had been ijj XOt Caphi eally described by the hon. member for the 'We?t 1as& la 1849 as the most gioantic lptim posture {r3401W5. H"Hear, hear,"andalaugh.3 This unaninity oft.*EhQnAt Lad displayed itself in ahannony of action throughcf thse , ttion, andnn theprowedis,PVch ha taken place in Parliament and in the country smnce the war co.menced, or have read the speeches delivered in tho recess by ions members on the Opposition side of the IHouse, wit0out observing that the Opposition were prepared to give to the Govermuent a patriotic and singlemindea support if carying on the war. (1" Hear, hear I" from the Oppositio.!TieOppositionwere,indeed, prepared toaetup to the mernozbleadviceleftasalegac7bythegreat Lord Chathamto hisco'earymen, and said, "b.onmeimpe. dient privatke dissensiones gnomimna ro reipublicem saluto etiamn cum inimicissimo corsentiaf. (Hear, hear.) It appeared to him that they lhad not orly reason to feel confidence in the firmness and ptriotism of the nation, but also in the energy of the Government, which in trying and difficult circumstances had admini&tered affairs, and especially i the inteligence and constancy of the noble lord at the hea of the Administration, whose services had been duly appreciated by his countrymen. (Hear, hear.) Need he remind the House that the same unammity of sentiment and the same harmony of action which had hitherto characterized Parliament, and enabled the Government to carry on the war with vigourr, were as much, if not more, required in the present posture of affairs 1 Russia commenceE the war under the most favourable auspices, being thoroughly acquainted with the country where hosElities were carried on, and having an extensive military system ready for action. Nevertheleas, the sufferings oftheRussian soldiersinthecamp andonthemarch had been extreme, and the agrcultural labourers had been deprived of the animals and tho means necessary for the cultivationof thesoilL TheRussianlandownersandimerchants were distressed. It could not be a wrong conclusion, then, to believe that the Cabinet of St. Petersburg was forced by these difficulties and by the fear of an up. rising of the nationalities of Europo into entertaining a wish for the establibhment of peace. With respect to the negotiations for peace, the country would req.ure twothings from the Ministry-the first ws a resoltion to treat only so far as details were concerned, and not to travel from the principles laid down-not to submit to any delay in carrying on the proceedings of the conference. (.ear hear.) The people did not want to sce a repetition of what took place l"st year. (Hear, hear.) They wished to know, without di omatic subterfuge or reservation, and as soon as possible, wVether Russia was prepared to accept the terms offared-sy or no ? (Hear, hear.) The second thing which he thought the country required was, that while the Ministry treated with the adversary of the allies for peace, they should omit no single preparation necessary for another campaign. rnless all possible means were taken to strengthen our army and navy, -unless these peaceful movements were not permnitted to interfere with the conduct of the war, the noble lord at the head of the Government must understand that he would have to encounter not only an enemy abroad, but a dissatisfled people at home. (Hear, hear.) In illustration of these sentiments, he might be permitted to road .an exctract from eeszae,,'s lislo,-y, descriptive of a speech addressed by King Wilhiam to the House of Commons in referenco to Erance "Overtures tending to peace had been made. What might be the result of those overtures was uncertain; but this was certain, that there could be no safe or honourable peace for a nation which was not prepared to wago vigorous war. I am sure," the historian here quoted the ipsissima rerba of Willam, " we shall all agee in opinion that the ohly way of treating with France Is with our swords in our hands." Adopting this tone and assuming this attitude towards Russia, the Government, in all probability, might obtain a satisfactory peace-one that might preserve Europe in tranquillity during the lifetime of the youngest and healthiest member in that assembly; while, on the other hand, by showing an over anxiety to bring about a pacification, by omitting preparations for another campaign, bygsvsn.'way at the council table on points which the people of this country considered of vital importance, the attainment of a lasting and satisfactory peace would be delaved. But if the people had given such striking evidence Ofpa. triotism, of firmness, and of a sense of justice during the conduct of this contest, none the less conspicuous were the intelligence and moderation which they nowv displayed in regard to the terms of peace. (Hear.) Last year not all the eloquence of the right hon. gentleman the member for the Umveraity of Oxford could persuade them to accept the terms of peace offered by the lRussian agents at Vienna. Now, all the threats and all the haranguesi of foreign refugees and of agitators at home failed to keep alive the flame of war, when, as just, reasonable, and honest men, they feltthey bad nothing left to fight for. ~ Cheers.) He could not now be expected to examie in etail the conditions agreed to preparatory to the commencement of negotiationsi, which had now found their way into every newspaper, and which formed the topic of conversation in every circle;- it sufficed for him to say (and he believed he only echoed the sentiments of the vast majority of his fellow-citizens) that in his opinion they were worthy of the allies, commensurate with the disinterested sacrifices which they had made, and creditable to their arms. (Cheers.) They afforded an ample recompense to Fhance, England, and Sardinia for the efforts they had made in thisstruggle they would open fresh fields to commercial enterprise, and they would mark a new era iu the history of Europe and of the wlorld-when iouhl was no longer to be permitted to ride roueshod over nrght, and when even the greatest, most powerfui, and despotic of emperors must quail before public opinaion. (Hear, hear.) Itrould be easy for him as acommercialman to expatiate upon some of the commercial topics touc he e Eoyal Speech, but, at the present moment, even men of business were thinkingfarmore about St. Petersburg and Paris, aboat the mouths of the Danube and the forts am the Cimea, than of shipping and commerce; and he felt that no man could expert to be listened to with patience there on any other subject than that which now occupied every mind he woald therefore conclude at once by respecifully and cordially secondia etheAddre,. (Loud cheers. The Ad iress having been read fromt the chair, Mr. DrISdBoLl said,-I am confident that I only echo the unanimous opinion of the house when I say that I must aoree with the hen, mover of the Address, who has spoken to-night ith sach conspicwous ability (hear, hear), in expressing the satisfaction and the gratitude which we must all feel to Hier Najesty for informing us this day from the thronethat she has acceded to conditions which, she hopes, may prove "the fommdation of a safe and honourable peace." (Hear, hear.) I think, too, I am not misrepresenting the feelings of the House when I venture futher to say that it is with no less satisfaction thatdwe have heard, ' the gracious Speech from the Tnrone, that her Iajesty, in conducting the negotiations which must be the wonsequences of her having acceded to those conditions, will not lose sight of the objects for wehich the war was undertaken. (Hear, hear.) Sir, I do not feel that I am at liberty at present to attempt to enter into any criticism of the conditions which are referred to in the gracious Speech from the Throne. Wj e have indeed-notwithstanding the slight intimation which has been given us of their nature by the hon. mover of the Address-no authentic information before us at the present moment on the subject. There certinly has transpired in an irregular manner some information which no doubt has excied great interest; but, at the same time, we have been told that the conditions there stated are imperfect, and that much is intended which is not there communicated. Under those circumstances, it would be not onlyindiscreet, but, I must confess,it would be impossible for me to enter into any detailed criticism of what, after all, is only a-political hypothesis. I am not intending by these remarks in any 'way to impugn the conduct of Her Mejesty's Government in not communicating to the country in an official, anthentic, and complete manner the nature of the conditions upon 'ihich they intend to insist, in order to secure the objects for which the war was commenced. I take it for granted that they have acted, in the position in vwich they are placed, with the wisdom which becomes so great a responsibility. For my own part, I must express a hope that the House of Commons will, under these circumstances, exercise that prudent but high-spirited reserve (hear, hear) which, while it shrinks from embarrassmg a Minister on whom is about to devolve the fulfilment of so difficult a duty, wil at the same time watch with the utmost vigilance-I will not say suspicion-the course of an his proceedings. And, Sir, though it may beat the present moment impolitic and, perhaps, impossible for the House of Commons to euter into a protracted diseussion of the important subject of impending negotiations, yet I will at least say for myself that I thiuk no little advantage will be gained in the prosecution of thase negotiations from the fact that the Parliament of England is in session. (Hear.) Althoughwe may feelitourdutynotto enter atthismoment into a discussion of the terms upon which it is the duty of the Mlinister of this country, orof the allies of Her Majesty to insist, I cannot but feel that the fact that Parliament is assembled will exercise a salutary moral influence on the conferences; and I am sure that no Minister either ia this or in any other country will, if we be silent, mistake our forbearance for indifference. (Hear, hear.) There is another reason why I feel much satisfaction at the gracious assurance which we have this day received from the Throne, that in the attempt to conclude a peace the carrying out of the purposes for which the war was undertaken Mill be the object which Her Majesys Government will seek to attain. We have on that subject had so many statements of a different character, and of a different spirit from individualsin office-and some of them in the highest office-that it is to me a source of great satisfaction that when conferences ar about to be opened in auspicious circumstances we have m a document of such august authority as that which I have before me a definition of the business which will be cenducted at those conferences, more tending to the satisfitiou of sober-minded persois than many of the statements 'which have heretofore been made by personshgh in authort. It is but a short time ag-it was in the late scsson of Parliament, but that is no long period when we are considering matters of sndb pgve importance-it is but a short time since that in another place a nce lord mada a speech the professedobject of which Wasto set forth IAe objects of the war,. and that noble lord aaued the obher House of Parliament that one of the ob*ets of the War was to.vindicate the ause-of the opprsed' nationsdities of Burope. (Hear. bear.) Wlhat bappenqod then? In a few days that nauie lord was invited toe taks one of the hi5li,.t pIae in Her Majestys counci_. Of coUe is o I obvious tht the object of the noble lord opposite (Lor- Paimerston) in givng that invitation to the nob.ole wor that he should have his too fervent enthusia subIeeted to the cooler atmohere of Cabinet soiety (a jug;u), but, unfortunately, the people of England an, I fear i oppressed nationalities of WhIch tho noble orator Iws'd the a, ocate on that occasion dwew a different infer. enc from bi high ,romotion; and a misayprehension *hich night hxJ.lie to very serious calamities has been #*fevalez* Amuiborit 4 reat part of Eu*ope. I sball malce D+ jefereaw to mr" recent atements r eithe objects SintpurposC;of thewar vhdb 'ave been made by members of teGove-rimnt not occupy{ng exalted andreponsible aposiEon, excapto say that I desp'Y regret them; and I think thAt tbose *ho have beenEo rE and inadvertent as to mai' the deefirations which bare recently been promulga4edi on tlds subject will, aftev listening to tbeSpeel~ rhich has been graciously de2ivered today, 2 tbe find themselves ifi similar crcuaustanoes, in future boeuduced to take a more temperras and moderate course. (Hes hear.) Sir, I regret that tiere are gme gentlemen, 'biAiin iand 01* of Parliament, forfi,om I have the greatest sapect, who, after having take a sound and satisfacitory view of whiat shbould be the eseseiticems of peace-viz., the'acomplisbnmnt of the objec,ts foe-whvich the war was undertaken-have .till been induced, lsarhut I cannot but feel tbo be a deplorable halluination, twvrgret, while confessing that the objects-of the war may be aec=our plUshed, that war is not stillto beprosecuted; and this tbo, on a ground which appears to n e to be scarcely one #&lh can recommnend itselfto the soberconsiderztionof any pEfih man. We are told that, although we mayhave attained thii objects for which we ew-barked inarr, still it is expedient, that the war should be continued in order to sustain or to, increase the lustre of the nrms of England; or rather, perha because in the struggle that may, and which I trust s on cease we have not achieved exploits so strikdng as those which illustrate, some portions of our history. Now, Sir, the abstract prlnciple that we ought to continue.a wrT after having attained its ob'ects merely to gratify the vanity or to support the reputation of a community is, in my opinion, one of a very questionable character (hear, hear); but I deny that in our preset circumsfancea any I i ti on the rrinciple is possible. I, for on,I never admit that the lustre of our arms ha endimmed. (General clie=ering.) I cannot casq find words to express the admiration which all mnut feel for the great qualities which have been exhibited by our troops toughout this strugle. (Hear.) I cannot easily describe the mm of 'a resource3 which we hare at our disposal, and the energy which we have already displayed. But to ly down s a principlethat the great leading Powers of Europe should never engage ia a War unless they are certain and predetermined to achieve great victories, which may figure among what are called the decisive battles of the world, is really one of the most monstrous propositions that was ever addressed to a people. To suppose that France or England is never to go to war unless she can be certain of achieving a victory lika Rocroi orBlenheim, AusterlitzorWaterboo, istotallytomisunderstand the objectfor whichgreat States should go towar. Instead of their bein" the vindicators of public lawand the conservators of public order, youl deFade them into the gladiators of history, and these very brxiiant achievements only lead to the run of the country. Therefore, I cannot at all admit that the principle that we ougit to continue this war in order to obtain extraordinary and brilliant results is one which we ought at all to sanction; and I am afraidc that those in this country who fall into this fallacy are too much induced to do so by the taunts of foreign critics, who are themselves the persons most persuaded of the substantial increase of the power of England. (Hear, hear.) If you look to the authors of these statements respecting the decline of the pretige of England-whether they are journalists who have become statesmen, or statesmen who have become journalists (a laugh)-you will generally fina that they are the persons who are most competent to estimate the importance of England, and who are really the least inclined to underrate it. They play upon the too easily excited ssceptibility of this country. anu I will say of them awas said of a great sceptic, that when they attempt to depreciate our achievenents and the resources of our position they really " tremble while they sneer," (Hear, hear.) Sir, there is another paragraph in the Speech which 1 am sure win meet withthe unanimous approval of the House. It is that to which the hon. mover of the Address adverted with much eloquence, in which we express to Her Majesty our admiration of the "persevering constancy and the daring hravery" by which the stronghold of 71ussia in the Black Sea was reduced. I hope, Sir, that whaterer may be our political differences, there will never in this house be any di frene a tothe sentiments of admiration with which we view the achievements and the exertions of our fellow-coumtrymen when they are supporling the honour and the interests of Ier Majesty's realms. (Cheers.) I think that there is another siege not less distinguished by perseverig constancy (cheer), and by daring corge and undaunted bravery (renewed cheers), although that constancy and that courage did not reap the reward oiiich in he case of Sebasto,,ol was forcibly acquired. I think there is another siege which, on a mght like the present, it would ill become the House of Com,mons to suffer to pass unnoticed and unnamed. (Loud cheers.) I am net anxious on this occasion to call upon the Government for that explanation which of course will hereafter be demanded as to what were the circumstances which led to the serious catastrophe of Ears (loud cries of "Hear' hear "), but I hope they fully understood that that is a subject upon which this country and this House will expect and will require the most ample explanation. tGreat cheerin.) Let us at least, whether there be pece or whether theretae war-let us express our admiration of those -who, although they may have been unfortunate, were not subdued (cheers)-let us express our sympathy for an energy, perhaps excessve, and for a courage which we know was unsupported (cheers), and at a moment when wa are called npon, and rightly called upon, to express our admiration of the great achievement which has rendered the names of the allies illustrious in the BlackSea-let usvindicate the conduct of thosewho, though not crowned with success, were at least crowned with glory in another place, and let us makle our absent countrymen understand that it is the man who deserves, and not the mian wio achieves. success that is honoured by us. (Loud and protracted cheering.) After the Address from the Throne to-day-after the gravest expression on the part of Her Majesty with regard to the impending negotiation, it is impossible to resist the conviction that the prospects of peace aremost favourable. (Har, hear.) It is true we may be disappoited; it istrne that on this, as on previous occasions in our history, we may fmnd that when the cup has reached the lip the draughEt may yet not be swallowed. (A alighit laugh.) All this I admit, but wre have at least the satisfaction of k;nowing that if Her Majesty fails in the negotiations which are now about to be carried on-if the conditions of peace of whichthe noble lordis cognizant,butwith whichwa are unacquainted, may not effect that great result which is now generally expected, and, generally desired-we have the satisfaction of inowingthat H or Majesty may appeal with confidence to her Parliament to support her in a renewed struggle (cheers), and that there is no sum which Parliament will not cheerfully vote, or her neople cheerfully raise, to vindicate her honour and maintain the inde)pendence and interests of her kingdom. (Cheers.) It is with this conviction that our negotiators will enter apon. their important duties. After the intimation from the Throne, the prospect of peace is one which I trust will not be dissolved. (Cheers.) The hon. s'entleman who seconded the Add-ess referred to the exhaustion of Russia as the best security forpesos at thismoment. Under these circumstances, I cannot but hope that we shall soon have it, upon authority, annonnced that a genemnl treaty of peace hashbeen successfully negotiated,; and that it willyprove to be a treaty Thatwill accomplish the objects forwhicn the w;arwas undertaken. (L oud cheering.) After the right hon. gentleman hadresumed his seat, thera was a pause for a few moments, when 1ord PALI?RFSTON rose, and was received with cheers. He said,-I have waited, Sir, till the last momenLt before rising, being of course anxious, if any other hon. member wished to express his opinions upon the subject under discussion, to reserve myself till Ihad learnt what might fall from himn I must, in the first place, begto express my thanks to my hon. friends who moved and secondae the Address for that strain of eloquence and goo. feeling, and, above all, for the ample consideration they have bestowed on the subject of that Address, which. while it did honour to them, mrust, I am sure, have been particularly gratifying to the House. (Cheers.) I hope that the specimens which they have just given us of their powers both of oratory and argument will only be the prelude to many other addresses in those debates that wil hereafter take place in this house. (Hear, hear.) I anm bound also to say that nothing could be more becoming the position which the right hon. gentleman who has just sat down fills in this house than the course which he has taken on the present occasion. .(Cheers, and cries of "H Hear.") I entirely agree with him, whatever may have been said or thought to the- contrary, that, when great national questions are pending between the Govermment of this country and the Governments of other Powers, so far from the preseuce of ParYlament being inconvenient or hurtful to the ptblic service, it, on the contrary, gives strength to the Government while that GovernmeLt is pursuing a proper and right course, and, on the other hand, it is a check upon any Governmern which may at any time entertain a wish to depart from tbeir duty. (Cheers.) Therefore, thoughrumour6s were spread throadthat it was the intention of the Govercnent topropose an adjourment for A certain period, no such inention ever passed tbrnugh our iainds. (Hear, hear.) On.bie contrary, I think it particularly advantageous to the bes interests of the country that it should have so happened that when tha getc qaestion, o peae or war was pendai there shoiod have been assembled the great councilof tihe kingdom"t gve advice to the Governmnt if -ra.ry, and to give it that support and strength which the al. fare of the oount.7 required it t, receive. (C2sers.) The right hoiL gentleman has very, operly plut to thq HDuso the emurse which lie recouanends it to pus e. In the psent state of these mattrs it is not $tting that the Government should enter ixto any publio explan tion of the particular positioa in which the nego. fiatiei touw stands. As soonL as any step has been taken 'wich shall place Her Majestys Government in a positio in which, coasitatly with their duty, they Can Jay before Parliament any statement of propcsiioOns aclly agreed to. it will be theirduty to give this Eouse every inforniats wXhich the-publ interet wll allow themx to give. At the present moment ibis * not in our rower. Eir, I concur entirely with thmosi who hara aid tha it would nqt e -our, duty to mg this coMnr, to continue tbe e-ffui; Aail&a;t,i of Wu i we are able to obtain now the aceomplishment of those object; for which the warwas umdertaken. (Hear, hear.) h(o doubt the resources of the country are unimpired. No doubt the naval and military prepations which have beer maing during the past twelve months. which are now going on, and which will be completed in the spring, wiil place this country in a position, as Tegards the continuance of hostilities, in which it has not stood since the commencemeet of the war. (Hear.) Wa should,,therefore, be justi. fied in expecting that another campaign-should another campaign be forceduponn s-would result in successes which might perhaps entitle us to require-perhaps enable us to obtain-eyen better conditions than those which have been offered to us, and have been accepted by us. But if the conditions which we now hope to obtain are such as will properly satisfy the objects for which we are contending-if they are conditions which we think it is our cuty to accept, and with which we believe the country will be satisfied-then undouzbtedly we should be 'wanting in our duty, and should not justify the confidence which the country has reposed in us, if we re'ected terms of that description merely for the chance of greater successes in another campaign. (Hear, hear.) These -werL the feelings which actuated Her 3Majesty's Governknent. We felt, like many others in this country, that the Juture chances of the war were in our favour-we felt, like many others in this country, that the available resources of the enemy with whom we are contending were daily diminishing, while our resources, our preparations, and our means of carrying on the war, were contmnually increasing. But we felt that we should not be justified in rejecting overtures which pronlised the possibility of a safe adI honourable peace merely for the p.pect of obtaining even greater successes in another year of war. Sir, I think the country will approve the course which we have pursued. (Hear, hear.) The country is in this posi. tion-if we succeed in obtaining a peace which wil be satisfictory and safe we shall reap the ful fruits of the great efforts and sacrifices which the countryj has made; if, on the other hand, that uend cannot be accomplished-if we can show to the country that there has been no fault on the part of those who had the conduct of the negotiations-I know there is in this country that strength for continuing the *.var, that spirit of determination to carry it on in a just cause until its full saccomplishment,-I feel convinced that that strength when put forth, that spirit when aroused, will in the end accomplish those objects which we had failed to accomlish by other means. Sir, it is imtcssible to speak or to think too hig)ily of the brave men w ose gallant exploits, patient sufferings, and unbending cotrage have had justice done to them by those vwho have taken part in this dscussion. I agree entirely with the right hon. gentleman opposite that -we have reason to be proud of the gallantry, the courage, and the daring exploits of onr brave troops in the course of this war, and that we have no need to continue the contest to gain glory for our amy. (Hear.) The fight at Alma, the ridges of Inkermann, ay, and BaLaklava and the Iledan too, are exploits which do the highest honour to the courage and brav-ery of our troops, and which prove that the soldiers of our present day are equal to any of those who have been crowned with laurels in former wars. (Hear, hear.) Therefore, it is not for dory or for victories that this country need continue hostilities if the objects for which we began the contest can be obtained by other means The right hon. gentleman has alluded to an event which nndoubtedly excites feelings of regret mingled with admiration-the fall of 3ars. There is no doubt that a greater display of courage or abil'ty thear, he.ar), of perseverance under clisiculties (hear, hear), tnexhaustible resoutrces of mind (hear, hear) thant -ws evinced by General Williamns (hear, he.ar) never was exhibited in the course of our military history. WVhen that event comes to be discussedI think we shall beable to show that no effort of Her Majesty's Government was wanting to prevent that unfortunate calamnity-a calamity, how - ev-er, which was not attended by anything like defeat on the partofour gallant countryman or the garrisonwhich he commanded, for it w.-as the victors who were compelled to surrender, not by the force of the enemy's arms, but by the unfortnate want of those resources vwhich were necessary for their sustenance. It was a defeat most honourable to those who surrendered-more honourable than many successful resistances recorded in history. (Hear, hear.) I can assure the House that Her Majesty's Government have taken all the measures in their power to obtain the exchange of General Wllims and his brave companions, and I hope, whether hostiities continue or not, that such exchange in the regular course of such transactions will be effected. I shall not enter now upon those other questions of domestic interest upon which measures will be proposed to the House. I truat the House will give Her lajesty's Government credit for a determination not to overlook domestic improvement, although their exertions have been mainly directed towards preparations for war. The two subjects can groceed together, andI trnst the measures which we shall eel it our duty to introduce in relation to the matters indicated in Her Majesty's Speech will be found by the House to be conducive to the improvement and prosperity of the country, and as such will receive the early and favourable consideration of the House. It is stated in Her Majesty's Speech that the estimateswill be presented to you framed in a manner to provide for the exigencies of war in the unfortunate event of a peace not being concluded. It is our intention to Lay on the table those estimates framed upon a war basis, but he shall only ask fer a portion of the sums to be voted-that is, only provision for a short period-so that, shonld peace be reestablished, the Government and the House may come to an understanding as to what diminutions an altered state of circumstances may render p roper. I should have vwished to delay anything which I might have to say until I wvas quite sure that no further observations wvould be made which might require a reply, and I hope the House will adopt the spirit in which the right hon. gentleman (xr. Disraeli) has addressed it on the present occasion by acting unanimously (hear), and by abstaining from those more detailedcriticisms which, although perfectly justifiable upon all great public matters, might in the present case lead to nisconception and misrepresentation in other quarters-I mean abroad. I hope, therefore, the House, by follo.ing the course which the right hon. gentleman has so honourably pured. will show.- to the world that, while the people of ngland are desirous ofrestoringto Europe that peacew-hich, both from principle and from national interest, they feel to be essential to their wvelfare, they are determined so far to plce confidence in those w-ho for the moment are responsible for the conduct of the national affairs that they will not impede or embarrass negotiations by premature discussions, but reserve to themseTves the right whuch Parliament and the people of this country undeniably possess to call to strict account those wvho are intrusted vith the conduct of public affairs-to confirm those acts which have been one in conformity with duty, and to manifest their displeasure if their confidence bas been misplaced. it is upon this footing that we are prepared to undertake these negotiations. WF trast that we shall be able to show that in the course of those negotiations wre do not abandon any principle, or forego any obgect which the country has a right to expect ustostand by. and, on the other hand, se sball be found to have shoon that spirt of conciliation mhich the country iu entitled to expect, and that we are not actuated by any spirit inconsistent with that which should animate the representatives of 3 great country when entering upon an important negotiation like that wrhich as about to commence. (Cheers.) 3Mr. ROEBIJCEsaid,-I am at a less to understand the reasonling of the noble lord. The noble lord says that he thinks the exis3tence of Parliament during, negotiations is a matter of very great importance, and yet that it is not -to express any opinion with respect to those negotiations. He tells us we are to put confidence in him that he wil undertak-e to protect the interests and honour of the country, and that Parliament can punish him in case of failure. I thinkthepunishmentofaMlinisterbut a poor recompenseforthe loss of interest and honour. My viewof the matter is, that Parliament is here to w-atch over the interest and honour of England, and that although the objects of the negotiations are not presented to them, yet that they, in their deliberative capacity, knowing what the interest and honour of the country demand, should chalk out for the Ministers the course which they ought to pursue. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman the member for Buckinghamshire says that he also will not enter into any disquisition upon the objects of these negotiations; and for that he gives a verygood reason-that he does not know theprinciple uponwhichwe are aboutto negotiate. I am in exactlythesame state of darkness as the right hon. gentlemamn The noble lord has not told us what we are to expect. He simply tells us to acquiesce in his wisdom, prudence, and honour. But, Sir, I have not that confidence; and, what is more, I believ-e this country has not that confidence in the noble lord which he assumes. We have seen a great country brought impmdently into a great var. (Opposition cheers) We have seentbat war inefficientlyconducted; and it becomes ourdaty to see that we do not come out of that war with disgrace. (Renewed cheers.) The noble lord has talLed of the objects for which we entered intowar, but he has not toldusfrankly, honestly, and candidly, as he ought, what those objects are. Feeble and humble as I am, I will attempt to supply the pIlce of the noble lord, and I will tell the House what I believe we entered upon war to obtain. I wil further discuss the mode in which the war has been conducted, iind then we shall be able to appreciate the degree of confidence which we ought to repose in the noble lord. Itappearstome that we entered into this war for the interets-of humanity. Russix ever aince the reign ofPeter, miscalled the Great, has pursued one course of aggression. By fraud and force she has extended her power and ,dominion. We have looked on. We have shamefally allowed her to pt,sue her objects without let or hindrance. (Hear, hear.) But the cup which was filling became full, -nd at l overloed. In th.e East of Europe there as a rower whose existence as Of importance to this ccuntry. The dominions of Turkey are situated between the acquisitions of Russa and our domninions in Asia. -Cncein Constantinople, once in posession of the Asiatic territoriesofTurkey,and Russia would be formidable to land in Indias Do.not let us fancy we can blind the world by pretending ignorance. The world knows what we are fighting for. Bussia, in puruance of her system of aggrandizement, at lengtls threatened the -ery existence of Turkey. In violation- of all the rules of international law she crossed the Pruth, Then it was that E^ngland, taidng frigt at lalst5 saw that this -tremendous Powrer wvas become dangerous to her. -We allied ourselves with France, and wiath that happy aliace imnagined we should be able to cope vith this great Powrer in tle uorth of Europe. Therefore, I- say the- obect 'f the it ws tao preent Russia acqutring s ach a hpteponderauoe in derope as would be injurious toFrnceandEngland. The iTeswth of France and England-of pngindmore espciawy-ares bound up with the ciilization of mankind. -Teietersta of EugIand arefthe interests of ehumanit -and evewtr sg which militates against her welfare nis miilteae again t_einkwresbu of hubnaiity. (Hear.) The dangerous ggrandizement of Russa. wsthe canse of the r, amd to ptevent th-t aggrandaiement we* entered upon was- At a mcment when we were unppavided with the means of carrying it on. We sent X feeet into th s Balti,- :gauant and _nyst magnificeht fleet, hut unhappily unfit for-itsmpurpose negit oear.) We sent an army to the Black Sealland, as if its destiuctiow were intsded, we chose :for its encampment, in spito of all warning, the spot the most pestilential of any on the coast. We then, without any preparation, threw our ariny-on the shores of the Crimea, and if it had not been for the press bf this country, backed by this House, that army would have dwindled away and not a man remained. Theoarmy of Englandwould have been as a thing of yesterday, (Opposition cheers.) It would havo been spokenof asiathing which had disappeared from the face of earth, andas compensation we should have somnebody's head offered to us. (A laugh.) The right hon. gentleman the member for Bucksnghamshire has alluded to certain observations which, though not made in public, are not lessinfluentiaLItis said that we must enterinto this peacebecanse our ally, our great ally, our big brother, as he is called. chooses to lead the way. Time has been when this country has stood alone. Time has been when England has resisted the conquerin legions led by the greatest warrior whom the world over saw. We stood alone against the great Napoleon, and we conquered him. Shall it be said that now, with all the appliances of modern science-with a fleet never before equwalled,with an army greaterthan any English general ever commnded-we, who were able to cope with Napoleon, are notable to coRewith Russia?Ifsuch ssthelana uage held by theAdministratxon-if they are prepared to yield just what is demanded of themthough the noble lord acknowledges that at the end of the next campaign we shall probably be in a much better position-then I can understand the conditions under which we now-I will use the word-rue for peace. (Hear, Lear.) Ears has fallen. Before the Redan the English army has been repelled. The English navy has come batk a second time from the Baltic without a smgle object acoomplished. (Hear.) Our honour has been tarnished. (Opposition cheers.) Do not suppose I am speaking against the gallantry of our army. I recollect what was said abroad, that it was an army of lions led by jackasses, and I believe that to be a correct description. (Cheers.) This is the condition in which we go for peace, and if peace be obtained now, when with all these sacrifices our honour is tarnished, will not Russia, I ask, have reason to rejoice l There have been arrayed against her the two greatest nations of the world; a feet that has made the seas as safe to them as this floor; an arniy of four different nations, and I am told "we have taken SebastopoL" Have we? Are we not still held at bay there? Are we not cooped up in a corner of the pcninsula; and is not Sebastopol as far out of our reach as it was a year ago? (Hear, hear.) And shaU itbe said that this is a sufficient progress tobe achieved bl ourarms, andthat thisis asnfricient rewvard of ourlabours? Sir, I do not like to assume the character of a prophet, but if apeace is tobesopreluded, R'ussiawilibo inoonstantinople in ten years. (Hear, hear.) ANnd when she is there the Black Sea is hers, Asi3 Mlinor is hers, Persia will be hers, Affghanistan will follow, and then she touches on India. IThat is what we are afraid of-that iawbat she is looking to, for the aggrandizement of Russia tends to the acquisition of the Indian peninsula. Well, then, shall it be saidthat when this northern avalanche threatens destruction we shall enter upon such a peace as we are told we are about to conclude ? And now let me ask what protection it will give usagainst the aggresion of Russia? We have coined a new word-the " neutralization" of the Black Sea. Last year we were told, when the noble lord the member for the city of London was made the scapegoat-when the FourPoints were derided-when the conferences of Vienna were laughed at, and when the noble lord retired, I might almost say igno' miniously,fromtheAdministrationof the nobleviscont-that the terms of Russia with regard to the Black Sea could not be listened to. But I want to know what difference there is between those terms and the proposed neutralization of the Black Sea? Does it mean that the forts in the possession of Russia inthe Black Sea will be razed, that Nicholaieff is to be abolished as a fortress, and that we mean the Sea of Azoff to be considered a part of the Black Sea? Suppose Russia chooses to build gunboats at Nicholaieff. Is that to be a casus bellit and, if so, shall we get our grand ally again? These gunboats will come into the Black Sea; they will get under the guns of Sebastopol and beyond our reach. and in 24 hours they will be in Constantinople. (Hear.) What is to prevent it? Why, ve are to have consuls in the Black Sea to tell us what is to happen. Negotiations are to take place, protocols are to follow; but meanwhile the gunboats are to be built and brought under the guns of Sebastopol, and we shall be laughed at for our pains. I want to know if we had another camnpaign, if we drove Russia out of the Crimea, and if, discarding that pretended liberality which says we are not going to take any territory from Russia, we were to take the Clmea froin her, and erect the Principalities, including Bessarabia, into a kingdom-I asL-, iwe d:d that, should we not then have some protection against Russia? But for all these things we have now no guarantee. As it is, the power of Russia is as intact in Constantinople as it was at the beginning of the war. It is true that Russia has now no fleet in the Black Sea, but she may begin to build a fleet of gunboats, and where shall we be then? Sir, the honour and interestS of England are now in the keeping of this House and it becomes our duty to watch over these negotiations to know every step that is taken and every proPOsitiOn that is made. It is said that Paris is a desirable place for these conferences, because it is so near; but that is an additional reason why we should now interfere, in order that we may not only stop the perpetration of any mischief, but interfere for purposes of good. Parliament will best wvatch over the interests of England by calling for explanations at every step of the proceedings, and by giving blamie wvhere blame is deserved. WYe must ever remember that wre are dealinawnith a Power in w-hich we can have no confideno-whiah has schemes of aggrandizement pro unded a century ago, and ever since steadily pursued by her rulers. I call upon this House to watch carefully over the negotiators and the negotiations of Paris. (Hear, hean) M1r. STAFFORD said that since the House had separated he had visited all the hospitals in the East to which onr brave troops were sent, from the fine hospital of Renkioi to the furthest hospital in the Crimea, and high as his expectations were of the improvements made in them, they were surpassed by the reality. Not only were the patients in those hospitals supplied with every necessary and comfort, but he might even say with every luxury. (Hear, hear.) In answer to his inquiries, be beard nothing: but expressions of satisfaction and gratitude to the country that cared so well for her soldiers. (Cheers.) An equal iniprovement had taken place in the transport service. lHe could speak from experience, because, having come from Balaldava in a transport ship, with a cargo of sick and wounded, he could say that nothin could be better than the ventilation, diet, and medical attendance of the patients. (Hear, hear.) Such a stte of things was highly gratifying to him as a spectator, and could not be less so to the noble lord who had brought it about, and to those members of the last Government under whom so m any of these reforms were organized and commenced. Whether we had now war or peace, we could say to every recruit and every regiment-" All the miseries and evils of war that can be mitigated shall be mitigated by the solicitude of your country." (Loud cheers.) If peace came there would be some consolation inreflecting that, whatever errors and mistakes might have been made at the commencement of the war, at its conclusion we should leave both our hospitals and our transports worthy of the imitation of every civilized and humane Government. (Cheers.) Sir D. L. EVANS, while agreeing with much that had fallenfromhishon. friend (3r. Roebuck),could notagreewith him in thinking that we felt any alarm for our territory in India from Russian aggression. It would be prejudicial to the interests of this country if foreign nations and Governments supposed that to be the case. It would also be unjust to the enlightened spirit and patriotism of the people of this country to suppose that we had entered into war from any such motive. (Hear, hear.) It might be that the Russian Government had designs of possessing itself of the countries bordering upon our Indian territory, but if she pursued that ambitious policy we had great powers and means of resistance. For himself, he did not see the slightest ground for being alanned at Russian pro.ec's in that quarter, ("Hear, hear," from Sir C. W ooD. This country had entered upon the war with the desire of protecting the rights of nations, of defending civilization, and protecting the principles of public law. (Mean.) The subversion of our power in India would not be by any means an immediate result of the acquisition of Constantinople by Russia, but the people of this country thought such an acquisition by Russia would be most dangerous to the inde,pendence of the world. France also hada far greater mterest than Enaland in preventing the establishment of Russia in the Dardanelles; for, if she succeeded in effecting that establishment, her power would become great in the Mediterranean, from which, although we certainly possessed a few rocks there, it was more important to France than to England that she should be excluded. (Hear, hear.) England, with her great commerce and powerful navy, would be the last Power in Europe to feel the influence of the aggrandizing policy of Russia, and therefore it was much to her credit and honour that she had so steadily and with such determination maintained the general interests of humanity. He was rather surprised at the speech of the right hon. gentleman the leader of the Opposition. It was proper for the right hon. gentleman, as a possible futare M1imster of State, to exercise great discretion upon the topic of negotiations, but he thought the right hon. gentleman had carried his complaisance to his opponents a little further than was required by the interests of the country. (Hear, hear.) That part of the noble viscount's speech to which his hon. and learned friend had referred, with regard to the contenienee of the negotiations going on during the session of Parliament, was not easy of explanation. Me beleved the country looked upon the conditions of peace which had been offered as the very minimumin which could be accepted by us, and it was important that Europe should know at the people of England, although the prospect of peacewas very dear to them, were perfe)tfyprepajed to proceedvwith the warwith still greater vigourthan theyo yet displayed, and that the resources of England, instead of being exhausted, were only now about to be fuly developed. (Hear, hear.) Those resources had hitherto been most inadequately and incapably developed (hear, hear), but if the war were carried on they would display themselves tofar greater advantage than they had yet done. The militaty Eervice had not been at all adcqutely brought-forward - it was marvellous how bungling bad been the efforts of the present Government to bring it forward. (Hear, hear. Their performances with regard to the army and the militia had certainly been miserably deficient in comparison with the estimates they had presented to the House last sesion. He believed that the nucmber of our forces, independent of those in India, was now about 200,000 men, of whom not morethan about one-fourth wereengagedinthe Estz Where were the rest? They were either not eiployed it all, oning to the extreme mismanagement of the military departments, or they were dispersed in different: parts of our dominions. Many thousands were in the colonies, doing nothing but lice duty. It was desirable to let the world, know hat this country had not yet; dinplayed its force, and that if an inadequate peace were adcepted, it would. not be because it had Ctithe power of insisting upon bettorterms. He would not; however, enter into the conduct of the military departments at greater -len because he should have a more legitinuite opportt-length, -z asowhen the estimDates were laid before the Htyous do fiong h ahey :might*ffect to know nothing of thte conditions of peace which had been offered, they had been led to usidorstind by certai pulblic orgas what those sos'
COURT CIRCULAR. The Queen went in state yesterday to the HEouse of Peers to open Parliament by a speech from the throne. The Royal procession left Buckingham Palace in the following order:- The first carriage, drawn by six bays, and conveying Mr* 2Norman facdonald, the Hon. Frederick Bying, and Mr. Ramsden, Gentlemen Ushers in Waiting, and Sir Joha Kincaid, Exon of the Yeomen of the Guard. The second carriage, drawn by six bays, and conveying General Sir Edward Bowater, Groom in Waiting to the Queen; Colonel Francis Seymonr, Groom in Waiting to the Prince; and Messrs. Cameron and Farquharson, Pages of Honour in Waiting. The third carriage, drawn by six bays, and conveying Lord Charles Fitzroy, Equerry in Waiting to the Queen; Captain Da Plat, Equerry in Waiting to the Prince; ViscountDrumilanrig, ControUler of the Household; and Colonel Francis Hugh Seymour, Groom of the Robes. The foutth carriage, drawn by six bays, and conveying the Right Hon. Cecil Forester, Silver Stick in Waiting; Colonel Moncrieff, Field Officer in Waiting; and the Earl of Mulgrave, Treasurer of the Household. The fifth ccrriage, drawn by six bays, and conveying Viscount Sydney, Captain of the Yeomen of the Guard; iLord Dnfferin, Lord in Waiting to the Queen; Viscount Torrington, Lord in Waiting to the Prince, and the Mfar quis of Abercorn, Groom of the Stole to his Royal Highness. The sixth carriage, drawn by six black horses, and con. veying the Duchess of Wellngton, Lady in Waiting; Earl Spencer, Lord Steward; and Viscount Gough, Gold Stick in Waiting. The Queen's Marshalmen. Thf Queen's Footmen. A Party of the Yeomen of the Guard. The state-coach, drawn byeight cream-coloured horses, and conveying Her Majesty the Queen, his Royal Highness the Prince, the Duchess of Sutherland, Bistress of the Robes, and tho Duke of Wellington, Master of the Horse. The Queen and the Prince were conducted by Lord.Ernest Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain, to the state coach, which Her Majesty entered at a-quarter before 2 o'clock. A Guard of Honour, composed of Coldstream Guards, was on duty in front of the Palace, with the band of the regiment, and received the Queen with the usnal military honours. A numerous detachment of Life Guards formed the escort of the Royal cormge from the Palace to the House of Lords. Her Majesty and his Royal Highnmess the Prince returned to Buckingham Palace at two minutes before 3 o'clock, and were received by the Vice-Chamberlain. HIer Majesty's Gnard of the Hon. Co's of Gentlemen-atArms was on duty at the House of Lords, under the com mand of the Lieutenant, Lieutenant-Colonrel Topham. His Royal Hihess Prince Albert presided yesterday at a meetingof the Council of the Duchyof CornfalL 'there were also present the Right Hon. Thomas Pemberton Leigh (tho Chancellor), Visconat 4onck, lP. (Ketenr of the Privy Seal), MIr. W. J. Alexander (Attorney-General), Colonel Pheppd (TrhasurerD, the Duke of Negtoantle, andtheSecretary, Hr. . J R. GardSner Sir Williama Berkeley Call, Bart., having been appointed Sheriff of Corawall, attonded and took the oathas of office. The Queen and Prince Albert left Buckingham Palace for Windsor -jastle at 20 minutes past 4 o'lock yestorday after. noon, attended by theDFchess of Wellinton, Lord Dufferin, Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps, Sir Edwward Bowater, Lord Charles Fitzroy, Colonel F. 1L Seymour, and the Master of te Household,. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness were conducted to their carriage byLord Ernest. Bruce, Vice-Chamberlain and Colonel Francis. Seymour, Groom of the Bedchamber to the Prince. A varty of Light Dragoons escorted the queen from Buchngham Palace to the Paddington terminus of the Great Westemr BaUway. W.LNSDSOR, JA. 31. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert, attended by the Lad in Waiting and the Gentlemen of the suite, arrived at the Castle about a quarter past 5 o'clock this'afternoon, having travelled from london by a -special train on the Great Western Railway. The Duchess of Wellington has succeeded Lady Churchill as the Lady in Waiting, and Lord Dafferin has relieved lord Byron as Lord in Waiting to Her Majesty. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the rem:ining halves of two 51.-notes, together with 123. 6d. in stamps, in payment of !income-tax due upon his shares, from "A Ameri! call Sh3reholder ;" also 1. sterling in pSiitgeXtmpe, on account of lncome-fa;ax from "W i, t."
LONDON, FBIDAY, FEBRUABY 1, 1856. The House of Lords yesterday re-assembled from tlle adjournment at 5 o'clock. The LoRD CHINCWLLor. having read RHn MTA. .ixsry's Speech, Lord GosFoRD moved the Address. Proceeding at once to the great question'of the Speechlfrom the Throne, he declared his full belief in the justice of the war, and his earnest wish that it should have been most vigorously prosecuted in the campaign of 1856, but the scene had changed, and he found himself suddenly, and somewhat reluctantly, an advocate of peace. The nation was ouly now beginning to shake offE the rust of a long repose, and to mcake greatpreparntions for continuing hostilities; it wvas naturalthere should on the part of the public be a certain reluctance to suspend them, but it was doubtful how far this feeling should be indulged if the terms of peace *would urevent the aggressions of Rlussia not only against Turkey, but in other quarters, and leave no opening for future disputes. Thus far in his advocacy of peace he was ready to go, but no further, and he trusted the negotiations would be brought to a satisfactory conclusion. The noble lord then very briefly noticed the paragraphs of the Royal Speewh referring to internal aars, and concluded by moving the Address, which is given in our Parliamentary report. Lord ABINGDON seconded the address. He said the uind of the country was undoubtedly agitated by anxiety in referenceto the negotiations for peace, and by hope that they would be brought to a successful conclusion, one consistent with the honour and dignity of tlle country, and with the permanent tranquillity of Europe. He did not share the apprehensions on this point; he felt confident the negotiations would be satisfactorily concluded by Lord CiAR-o.N, who had so long and successfully conducted the foreign affairs of the country. If the just demands of the nation wrere slighted, he contended that,from the relativeposition of Russia andElEngland, this country was in a position to enforce them. Russia had commenced the war calculating that England would be unprepared for it, yet we had sent out an army greater than this country had ever sent out before. They could point, too, to the achievements of that army witlh satisfaction-to the battles of Alma, of Inkermann, and to the brilliant, butfatal cavalry charge of Balaklava,to thelast witha satisfaction blended with regret. He also alluded to the decided superiority of the naval forces of England, and the complete revenge for the inassacre of Sinope that had been taken by the destruction of the Black Sea fleet. of Russia. If a peace consistent with the honour of this country could not be secured, he hoped they would be unanimous in their determination to support the Governmeni in a vigorous and immediate resumption of hostilities. Lord DzERY fully agreed with the conclusion of Lord AB.'GDON'S speech, and declared for himself and those who acted witli him that he had no intention of interfering in any manner to prevent the Address being carried up to the throne. The Speech, itself, however, he criticized severely. They did not m such documents expect to find the graces of style and language; but, treating the presentSpeechstrietlyasthe work of thelinisters, hedescribed it as the least satisfactory he had ever heard. It was bald and meagre beyond all former precedent. It contained no information respectingthe trade and finance of the coiuntry; it did not mention the empire of India, its state, and prospects; it said nothing of their colonial possessions, nothing to indicate that the people of England were not indifferent to their condition. Re strongly denounced the omission of any warm or hearty acknowleagment of the courage, endurance, and services of the army, a recognition, he was sure, which would have been made had HER1 Mixrswy been leftto exptess her own sense of gratitude. Re pointed out the omission of all reference in the Royal Speech to Sardinia, 'an ally, and Turkey, a principal, in the present war. Re still more strongly denounced the silence WitIL which the gallant defence of Kars had been passed over. But WlIAs, TEESD., and their brave companions -would hear in their captiiity that the sympathy of the House and the country was with them. Re contended -thnat the fall of ars Kmust be the subject of a searching inquiry, that the blame raight be fixed 'on whoever was responsible for it. Re could not believe, without positive evidence, that the blame" could be attributed to Lord SraavrFoRD DE REDCLT1Ez.. Reb hoped all the papers on the subject -ould ba laid on the table. As to the pending negotiations for peace, he would enter -into no discussion; peace and war were q,nestions of the prerogvative of the CaowiN, and it w'as not the function of Parliamuent to makle itself the'daily adviser of the SovEREIGN upon thema. 3But. -he hoped lthe negotiations wvould not cause any indefinite suspension of hostilities by an- amistice, which must in any case be more advantageous to Russia than England. He regretted thtt the Royal Sp6ech made no reference to their relationswith theTJmted States, and hoped that the omission would not be considered by the Americans as a contemptuous silence. He declared he should offer no opposition to the Address, nor wouald he or his party throw any obstacle in the way of pursiiing tho negotiations for peace to a just and honourable conclusion. Re concluded- -by alluding' to the recent creation :of a peerage for life iiP'the case of Lord WsmniDs , stating that anx exercis3 of the prerogative so unusual ought nlot to pass without mention on - the firsV nvight of tie session. Me sugg,v,ested that the-newr peem's patent ioild be L&id l the table before he tool; the oalhai~d thWA
The breNity of a Royal Address has often been contrasted witn the lengthiness of a Presidential Message. The one is comprised within the limits -of a mon.umental inscription; the other is a poli,tical pamphlet, and sometimes a bulky one. Hs:R 3bSJEsTy can only just allude to a few pressing measures and momentous events; she has no fifty ,pges to fill, no chronology to complete, no continent to explore for " political capital." But, happily, her .-sins of omission, and, if there be any other, those of commission also, are immediately rectified. Scarcely has she rettuned to her Palace when the vords put into her mouth form the text of rival *commentators. Men accustomed to the composi- tion of such documents, and very probably with the draught of an address in their pockets, proalaim wlat Hsn Msssry has left out, and why 3he has left it out, takcing care, of coiuse, to im- art as much importance to her silence as to her nnouncements. 'When a statesmnan who but yeserday stood by the side of the SovEREIGNx critizs her language to-day, it is obvious that whatrer reflections he may make on it must have qsed through the mind of Eh[R AL, r.sT-r's present lvisers. He does but interpret her silence. Thanks lord DsEry, the world at large is aware thaf our dian empire occupies a Large share of the public lention, and that it is not without its troubIes. om himit learns thatWe do not forget our colonies, ugh nothing particular has happened in them ring the recess, e-xcept some expressions of sym3zhy with our arms. Through him the world wiin m that " the persevering constancy" and " the laring bravery of the allied forces" are exmions that very iradequately represent our Be of- their services. After the fashion of Be voltunes in which the title of the work is eated at the head of every page, Lord DERxY s-upplied the heading of " Turkey" to this, which 3-ow the fifth or sLxth address since the begin;) of the quarrel. The King of SARDM -A, whose -nsion to our cause has already been gratefully Tenized from the Throne, and who has only Juseturned home from a visit to our Court, will finq,at, though out of sight, he is not yet out of .in If E[Ea. MAjESTY has not assisted the tacti of the eneny by setting the fall of an inland 'uitish city against the vastly more im-Portwal cture of Sebastopol, Lord DEnnY very -racefiy commemorates the conductors of that iheroic selnce; but when he intimates that the blame c£he disaster may possibly be brought home eit4 to the French alliance or to TFht 3fAJE:x'sprincipal representative in the East le therek adds another reason, if one were -wanted, f( the omission. As for the gentleanen who lve got up a quarrel wvith us across -the. Atlantic and are taking suich pains to keep it open, no loubt they would gladly hate discovered furtEr means for that purpose in a -speech from te Throne. Lord Dzupy, howvever, and after him Lot Ci.sAr-NDoi-, have now taLen care that the Unit4 States shall not find themselves and their feeligs matters of indifference to this. .country. As fr the little diplomatic mischance at Teheran, the Bitish Parliament has shovrn that its Xeye is on that C-urt, even though HsIn AJESTY is not yetpreparel to pronounce on the affair. Had Lord Disty been invited to assist HsiE uST 's Minis-ers in the composition of- the 'Speech, no doubt le would have made it instrt- -ntal to chaatiAe oux complacency and awake our alarms. le would d6t havo been deterred from the insertion of any topic y i: foolish regard for our national pride 'or the sensitiveness of our neighbours. He wolild have carried nos not only over the smouldering cinders, but even upon the still glowing lava, giving us plenty of time to realize - our situation. That,' however, is somewhat beyond the purposes of a Royal Address. It is neither a chapter in our annals, nor a homily, nor a penance, but rather a suggestion of topics for the deliberation of Parliament. Some'of the subjects on which an unpfeasant degree of interest is felt just now, such as our American quarrels, are not yet in a state to be brought before Parliament, and any attempt to precipitate that stage would only play into the hands of the most hostile class of American politicians. In the meantime, we have on ourhands a war which men who know our resources wel have over and over again declared to be above our strength, and certain to issue in the aggrandizement of the foe. We have to conclude that warwith honour and success. That paramount object will engage the attention of Parlianient for some time to come ; yet, we trust, not very long. Lord CLAREnDoN. encourages us to hope that an armistice of no great duration will be sufficient for the impending negotiations. When they are happily concluded, and when peace is proclaimed, then we shal be able to address ourselves -more closely to the less pressing matters of which Lord DERraY has given us a catalogue. It is a rare, indeed an unexampledthing, forParliament to meet overshadowed by the far greater interest of other deliberations. Paris at this moment is the centre to which tend the hopes and fears of aU who wish well for the peace and security of Europe. What we have to do at home is rather to abstain from topics in which it would be impossible to assist 'the negotiations, but possible to do them very great harm. It appears that if we enter thoa conferehce with arms in our hands, and no suspension of preparations, we are liable to be charged with insincerity in our professions of peace. Indeed, the charge is already disseminated through Europe. But such a charge supposes a conspiracy, binding itself to avow one thing and do another. That sort of conduct is possible in the secret thoughts of an autocrat or the close councils of a military dictator. It is absolutely out of the question when the personages supposed to conspire are many hundreds, of the most discordant opinions, and with no tie except the common feelings of Englishmen. Lord DERBY is no accomplice writh Lord CiuaiENDos, nor would it be possible for the British Government to have any treacherous policy which their opponents could not penetrate and confound, and would not be too glad so to deal with. Bult they are agreed. Differing on a tholusand other points, and resolved to differ on inportant questions of social interest, they are absolutely unanimous in the desire for a safe and honourable peace; and equally unanimous in the belief that it will fly from our grasp the moment we lay down our arms and leave our preparations in arrear.
The first debate of the session in the House of Commons presented very fewv peculiarities, and, to say the trutlh, very little that was interesting. With a single exception, the w hole discussion partook very much of the quiet and guarded tone in which the Royal Speech was conceived. The mover and seconder performed their duties with fluency and ability; they were well prepared for the task, and they discharged it like able men who have taken the trouble requisite to do justice to their ability. The clear elocution and well-finished periods of Mr. Byxo, and the more homely, but not less forcible style of Mr. BAxTrxR, drewv from the House a warm and well-merited tribute of applause; but this was naturally rather paid to the neatness of the execution than to any striking novelty in the treatment of subjects already wom threadbare. Mr. DisRAsnr, wlho followed in the debate, was tamely patriotic. His speech had evidently a double object, and was more than is usual with him devoted to expressing the feelings of his party rather than hiis own. Hle had two objeets in viewv-the first to prove, beyond the possibility of cavil, how ready he is to support the Government of Lord PALMERsTox; and the second, to intimate no less clearly that his course, for the present, at least, lies in a widely different direction from that of Sir JAars GnAHArr and Ar. GT_u,STONE. There was nothing in the speech of Lord PALNFJ'STON whicl suggests any particular comment, except his declaration that he was glad Parliament was sitting while negotiations were going on-a phrase simple enough, but wlhich was carefully misunderstood by two succeeding speakers. Here the debate ought to have closed, and, indleed, it may be said to have done so as far as it possesses any weight or significance. Treating this as the real termination, nothing could be imagined more dull or more commonplace, yet at the same time more creditable to the House of Commons, than such a discussion. The spirit of party, so noisy and so turbulent at other times, was hushed into silence by a conjuncture of affairs wlhich imperiously demanded from the HouLse the utmost forbearance and self-restraint. It was felt, and very justly, that the present is no occasion on which to multiply speeches, and that every idle and unnecessary word dropped at so critical a moment was full of danger and mischief. There was something in this general reticence, this self-command, exercised so imperiously against that greatest of all temptations to a British senator, the opportUnity of making a speech, which would, we think, impress a careful and dispassionate observer more than any burst of mere eloquence, how briUiant soever. When we think of the assemblies which met all over Europe in 1848, and the impossibility that was experienced of confining them to any question or persuading them to use the least reserve, even on the most delicate matters, we seem to get some insight into the reason why Great Britain has preserved her liberties, ever expanding and increasing with the expansion and increase of society, and come so often safe into port out of storms in which so many gallant argosies have perished. But, though the real discussion terminated here, it was the pleasure of MIr. Romncu, for his own peculiar delight and edification, to get up a second discussion of his own, having no bearing; on, and very little connexion with, the first, and chiefly designed, as it should seem, to draw attention to the not very satisfactory labours of the Sebastopol Conmuittee, and to illustrate what Mr. Ro3aucK evidently believes to be his particular talent-the telling of hard and unpalatable truths, from which others shrink, but in which he revels. It is evidently an article of Mr. RoEsucEes cxeed that naked truth cannbt be pleasant; and in working out this theory he is so anxious to say what is disagreeable that he sometimes misses the truth altogether. Thus, if there be one thing more certain than another, we apprehend it to be that this country, whatever other errors she may hive committed, embarked in the war with purely unselfish motives, having no other object to gain than the general wellbeing of Europe, and being, in fact, better protected by her geographieal position fronm -the inroads of Russia than any other Power. But there is nothinig either new or startling in stating this notorious and undoubted fact; and so- r. Ro=a:ucs, true to his vocation,' announces that we embarked in the war wholly and solely for the ake of iudia, fearing lest, if Rissia con- quer,j Turkey, she should conquer Persia; if Per, the' Affghanistan; and, if Affghanistan, then India. This statement gave a happy opportunity f echoing the taunts of the Asblene Nationae ;nd insinuating that Franco was drawn into thia ibloody struggle for interests not her own. We Wlm say nothing of the patriotic feeling this sijatement evinced, but merely put it to our readers wvhether it is true that 3Ir. RoDsBcu has laid open the hidden springs and motives of the war, ,r whether. he has foisted upon us an arbitrary Ajid groundless hypothesis, founded on nothing but the +ish to surprise and annoy.. We cannot admit that he dealt nore successfully with the future than witk the past, even when he permitted himself to say tmat the allies had not taken Sebastopol. . If we conelude peace on the proposed terms, Russia will be in Constantinople (why he does not tell us), and from Constantinople she 'will conquer Persia, Affghanistan, and India. Surely this reasoning is a little too much like that of a young gentleman at school - who reasons that MUMIRAL ought not to have gone to Capua, because if he had not gone to Capua he would have taken Rome, and if he had taken Rome he would have become King of Italy. In both there is the arrangement of an argument, but in both there is not the slightest connexion between the premises and the conclusion. All this dreadful sequence might, Mr. RoEBucs tels us, be averted by another year's campaign, for then we could take and hold the Crimea, and separate from Russia not a part, but the whole province of Bessarabia. Vell, and when we have occupied the Crimea, and taken unto ourselves the charming plains of Bessarabia, how shall we be strengthened, or Russia essentially weakened? We: know what it woild cost to keep a sufficient garrison in the Crimea, and we can therefore guess how much more it would take tofeed and maintain an Anglo-French army in Bessarabia. We should have opened an issue certainly, but an issue that would drain our own strength instead of that of our adversary; and we are told that we ought to scourge the human race with the miseries of another campaign, and hazard all wo have won already, for the sake of this most unremunerative prize, in order to obtain which we are to break otu word and prostitute our honour ! But one more stroke of Mr. RoLBucx's statesmanship, and we conclude. The House of Commons is, as he says, to watch over the negotiations at Paris step by step; as they proceed their progress is to be reported to and discussed by Parliament. Thus, we shall have two Conferences sitting at once-the one to do, and the other to undo, and the progress of PENELoE's web to completion will be rapid in comparison with the course which the belligerent member for Sheffield recommends, with the view, we suppose, of speedily deciding the pressing question of Peace or War.
The nineteenth century has its particular forms of mania. Strong in encyclop.edias, mechaniics' institutes, and scientific miscellanies, we snmile complacently over the withered hopes of the illunI biati who expended their forttnes in the search of the philosopher's stone, and spent their lives Ui attempting to concoct that precious elixir. which was to confer inmortality. Perpetual motion and the squaring of the circle have had their turn; and now it is the North Pole which seems to exercise I a horrible fascination over the minds of our most enthusiastic discoverers. After all that has been done-after the tragedy of poor FtAxNr\uN and his associates-after the severe sufferings to which I the crews of so many vessels have been exposed since the year 1848-after the heavy expenses and hopes which have been incurred, are -we to begin this work again ? Eleven years will soon have elapsed since FRANKLIN weighed anchor at Sheerness-it was on the 20tth of May, 1845, so that any idea of carrying reEef to him and his companions is too preposterous even to admit of discussion. The question of the North-West Passage is disposed of-that is to say, a vessel by the route of Beliring's Straits was forced into the ice,, and there abandoned, while the crew escaped by the eastern outlet of those frozen seas into Baffin's Bay. '"hat, then, remains to be done ? - 'e are vweli assured that not a man who sailed with FRAxKLIN and CRosiEn remains alive. The proposition now is, not to search for FRANK- -N, but for the reliEcs of FRANKLUIZ ; we are called upon to risk living men for the sake of dead men-real ships which can float upon the I seas for the sake of the mere skeletons : of ships, which, if their timbers hold together at all, are imbedded hard and fast in the ice. WVe protest aganst this new expedition with the full earnestness of deep conviction;-we entrcat the aiuthorities charged with the decision on the point to pause ere they assume the responsibility of risking more lives and more ships in the pursuit of pliantonis. There is nothing to be gained, even should the wildest expectations of the searchers be realized, which can be at all taken as an equivalent for the dangers which must certainly be incurred. InL order to reach the spot where FRA-KrLw and his companions sank down in death the parties despatched to find their bones must run well nigh similar risks. Organization can do a good deal, but it cannot exclude the certainty of perils of the most appalling kind. This is, no doubt, the principal point, for, after all, the safety of these brave men must be the chief object of solicittude. We cannot, however, lose sight altogether of the ridiculous appearance which we must present to the various nations of the world by our apparent determination to run two or three ships cvery year into the ice, and there abandon them, thinking ourselves only too fortunate if we succeed in rescuing the crews fiom the terrible position in whlich they were placed by our own improvidence and temerity. The question which we would wish to see clearlyanswered by the advocates of the new expedition is -Do they propose anything beyond a search for the relics of Fnsm.Lnes people? If this question be answered in the negative, as we think it must be, we reply,-Why, in order to glean relics, place living men and seaworthy ships in the. position of becoming relics in their turn? It- would, no doubt, be very curious and interesting.to arrive at the exact soluition of the tragic problem which involves the fate of the Erebus and Terror, but it is possible to pay too high a price for such information. We were not disposed to judge harshly of the precipitate retreat of Sir EDWARD B=WMn from -the ' Arctic Rea'ions simply because he had withdrawn and broutiglt back with him every man- known to be alive to the northward and westward of Wellington Channel at the time. he formed his resolution. We *ere content to submit to the loss in 'ships and stores, for that was a loss which could-be (easily estimated, and which was of no great-moment in the great balance-sheet of the nation; but at least the account was closed. We had done with painful emotions and anxieties. WVe were no longer bound to send B after A, and 'C after B, and D after C, and so on through all the letters of the alphabet. Had we followed the opinion of some of the witnesses examined before the committee, every ship which floats the sea under the flag of every nation mighft have been despatched in succession to the Polar Repionseach to look after its immediate predecessor. Every expedition that we have fitted oit: for itiese unkindly regions was to have been the last, 'down to the departute of tblii fltilla of Sir EDw U&D BE) c, which wapositivelyto1e the last. We know how little they bct;.'nplished; and, althought jit bo the fashion among tlhe miore spirited Aretio navigators to cast ceiisure upon the commauider, who Willventure to say, wh, the new expedition returiw -if it ever should rett"=4hiat we should not find them just as earnest 6 Xispraise of the new chief ? No; we have had enoa? of Arctic expeditions. Leave the stores that h2ei' been deposited in the rocks and on the headland td the mercy of the Esquimaux and wild animals-irech good may the potted meats and biscuits do them-but let ns not send any more ships or risk any mcdi3 men in these Arctic wilds. By a miracle almost,- at girmi moment we find that all our men have beer -withdrawn from the ice; let us not permit otheuf t'o thrust themselves into situations which may b7inigS us into fresh trouable and necessitate another cy& of " Voyages in Search." It would, in our opinion, be a mere trifling with. the patience of our readers did we permit ourselves seriously to discuss the grounds upon which the partisans of this new expedition found their hopes. Their conclusion is, that the Erebus and Terror are stranded or frozen in within an area of 200 miles north of King William's Land. Is not this the greedy perseverance of the gamester, who feels an intimate persuasion that if. he could only hold out for one more trial fortune would turn to the red, and recompense him at last for all his previous disappointments? The martingale must tell at last, but it must be played out. We will not enter into the history of previous expeditions, nor lose ourselves in the. broad field of conjecture, where all must be conjecture. Our ground of opposition to the proposed scheme does not - in any v.ay depend upon the truth or error of these recent suggestions. The stake is not worth playing-for, con- sidering the inevitable perils of the game. If these, gentlemen are so well assured that the Erebus and Terror are lying hard anid fast somewhere within an area of 200 miles square, and they can point out to us the. situation of this area upon our maps, that is all we want to know. We are content with induction without proceeding -to. inspection. Most earnestly do we trust that every person in an influential position will oppose himself to the rash proposal for yet another Arctic expedition. Sir JoiN FRANKLix and his company are dead. The grave has its secrets; let this be one of them. Why risk more lives to solve it ?
TE ' BRITISH ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (FROM OUR OWh' CORRSPOINDENT.) CAMIP BEFORE SEBASTOPO, Juf. 18. Now that military operations are temporarily abandoned, and, indeed, rendered nearly impossible by the weather and the state of the ground, there is no more interesting subject of consideration than the condition of the troops thus condemned to a brief inaction. 3Iy own observation and the evidence of numnerous officers, both medical and non-medical, enable me to say, without hesitation, that there never was an army in the field in winter so well clothed, fed, and lodged and so healthy as the British arny now in the Crimea. Disease, instead of increasing as the season advances, appears to diminish, and I have it on excellent authority that, if we deduct wounded men, the entire number of sick in the army, including the English portion of the Land Transport, does not exceed 5 per cent., while, if you take the army without the Land Transport, wlhich has more tlian its proportion of illness, it will be little more than4 per cent. This, itmust be admitted, is ahighly satisfactory state of things, and will appear almost miraculous to persons who have been accustomed to attribute to the " pestilential" Crimean climate a very undue proportion of the diseases which arose chiefly from exposure, want of suflicient food and. clothing, and neglect of proper sanitary precautions. The fact is, that we have at last learnt to profit by our dearly-boiight experience, and it is to be hoped advantage will be taken of it to found a system wvhich shall preclude the possibility in future campaigns, either here or elsewhere, of a recurrence of such sufferings and grievous loss of life as vere last wivter encountered. The cheapest, wisest, and most humane plan unquestionably is to spend plenty of money on the soldier, to supply himi abundantly, keep him warm and feed him well-of course without pampering him or accustoming him to luxuries. The British soldier is too valuable an article, and too difficult to replace, to be neglected or allowved to perish for want of due provision for his health and comfort. W"hat would wve not give to get back those battalions of well-trained veterans who perished in the mud and misery of last winter ? Suclh soldiers are not to be replaced for years, and recrluits, however stout of heart and arm, cannot fill the void left by men who have been long under the colours. War, however, makes soldiers quickly, and, although a lttle more age would be desirable in many of the men out here, we have not much reason to be dissatisfied with the composition of our army in the East. Whichever way one turns, one sees strong, hearty, ready fellows, their cheeks glowing with health, their step splingy and active, their appearance contrasting strikingly with the sickly, emaciated aspect of some of the French, and showing better keep, and also, I incline to think, the superior stanina of our population. Without being by any means hard worked, the men have enough to do to keep them healthy, and occupy time which many of tlhem might otherwise probably misspend. And they do their workv willingly and without grumbling. There is no greater mistake than to make mere parade soldiersto condemn them toidleness exceptwhen in action or at drill. It is tle way to foster bad habits and encourage drunkenness. As regardsthis latter vice, be it said. em7 passent, I 'note a very great difference betwreen the present time and three monthls ago. At drunken man on the road is now comparatively a -raity, and the discipline of the army has manifestly gained'largely by the amendment. The men are more orderly and steady in their demeanour, more attentive in saluting their officers, in which respect i they Were. so lax last autumn that severe orders were given to enforce a usage highly necessary to the maintenance of discipline; and. generally they appear to have a more soldierly bearing and' increased self-respect. Although there is still ; a good deal of work doing in the way of road making and mending, bringing up huts from Balaklava, conveyance of rations, &e., time is found for military exercise, and, when the' weather permits, one sees a very fair amouint of drill and parade'gbing on. There are also rifle practice, military promenades, and sham fights. The Light Division is particularly active. 1 Yesterday was a fine sunny day; the hard ridges and furrows of frozen mud yielded to the foot of horse and man, and soon after breakfast the; Ligeht Division was seen marching briskly across the plateau in fine conditi6n and well up to its work, its regimental bands-doubtless harmonious enoutgh when heard'individually, or close at hand-discoursng most horrible discords to the ears of a distant listener, who was driven nearly distracted by the jumble of airs. However, the ' gallant Lig,hts seemed perfectly contented with thleir music, 'and not altogether dissatisfied with themselves-as, indeed, they had no cause to be; and when last I saw them, 'which was some -way towards the Col, they had pickets posted and flanking parties- out and were -evidently'preparing for operations of an !extremely martial and serious nature. Some- times they go down to Inkermann, in' siglht of the Russians, who forthwith turn out a division lo match, and as they happened the other day to be: :oined by another division, the Ruskies also 'pro|daced a second-all, it is supposed, for the sake bf symnmetry. While speaking of military exercise -I riay mention that the sliace of -the grouna in camp is-generally in an 'excellent state for f3ades and muustersof men. Some regiments and divisions have special mustering grounds prepared. on pupose, The IHighlanders; for instance, beyond Eamara ha'vean exIcellent grounld, which they have overlaid iwih sanld, 60othat it is-'always dry. I wish I c6uld speak' as isavowuably of tho situation of thoig camp. Thie place they -wGre in last autumn appeared to m3 etter; -it was on the slope of a hill, and by icuttinga deep draiii in rear of their camp the7 , uiould,'I should think,:have -kept themaselves- dry. 3?ossibly there were objections to the site, of wh:c'i Iam2 unaware; but, without &aying tn the,igh'beideri were well - placed there, I am quite certain thAt they are ill-placed where they at pjragct are-fnamely, in a holloiv- whlicli they hat &mie yeveything they ean~ to drain, biut where they~ ivill nlemer be able to get the ubsoil d.7, iand where it to be feaud they wvill snfferfromfever,' should they stll be these when the i*5mm rweather comes. There ii ' iwant here of sozne competent person or persons, ioses duty it shouldbe to select sites for encainpmen Snd whose orders should be obeyed-with due ret' 2IcM, of cour, to strategca neccssities. One eew- the most extraordinay places ehosen to establish caglpps Upon. For instance, going itw Balal;ava, just liefore4 crossingthe railroad, amd hard by the head of£ t harbouz,; is a low fetid spots long known ardi shtoied aS a very focus of defilerent. Here a prtin' df the Army Works Corps have erected huls and, ettablshed themselves, probably with a view No'l1eie wiework in Balaldava¢, an there they assm.edXy will s-.lenr and dla of fever if permitted to remain, i£'hch ibXti> obe hoped they will not be, as I hear teaff:i - to, be commission. has rerormended their removaL ANs long as that comnission remains in tb3arnimea:i.ts opunon ought to be law in such cases.- Betwo members of it atpsssent outhere-Doctars;Sutherland and Ailroy-ha-elately inspected tie-mgimental hospitals andthe camps of divisions, and VQunder-- stand they reported to' General Codringtoaths3at.uponthe whole, they foimd tkings in a very sati iactory stata. I believe the only fault they found wereattendencyr ini somne cases to ovecrowd huts and a, dbficiency of ventilation in some of the hospitals v but this is only to a limited extent, and an assuance has been given that the evil shall be promptly attended to:mnd remedied. 'In some divisions-as-&fr instance, in thel ight Division, of which Dr. Alexander is the clief medical oflicer, the ventilation leaves nothing to- be desired. Some of the Arny Works Corps are certainly too closely packed in their new huts-" Paxton huts," they call them-which are all roof, one straight slope right and left from stummit to ground, like two cards set up on a table, supporting eaeh other mutua'ly with their top edges. This sort of hut has its advantages. It is calculated to resist the wind better than the old ones, and it was also intended to give the men the benefit -f that additional space obtained by prolonging the roof til it rested on the ground. instead of dropping it straight down, as a perpendicular wall, at four or five feet from the ground. But the new huts are smaller than the old ones and contain fewer cubic feet of space, notwithstanding whic1 the same number of men are lodged in them. When one looks into these sort of m atters out here, one cannot butbe straickby the -aant of system and of a well calculated and we'll defined pjinciple of action. Nowv, for instance, we come to some Commissariat store huts; they are erected on -low stone walls, out of regard to the dryness and care of the stores, but in the hospitals for the men no such precautions are taken, far less in their huts. Then, it mig,ht surely be manag0ed that the 3nen should have wooden beds round their huts, a sort of tray or shelf, as in a guardroom, to keep them off the ground. This would be very easy. The beds might have hinges, and be throw n up against the wvall of the hut in the daytime; or they would serve as seats for the men when eating their dinners off a long narrow dresser, that should stand in the mididle of the hut. As it is, they sleep upon the floor, well covered, it is true, but the heat of their bodies of course pumps up the moisture from the ground, and if there be fever in spring this will have been one of the causes. As regards the cleanliness of the camp, there is Little fault to be found. Generally speaUing, it is as clean as can be expected, and very different indeed from what it was 12 months back. No dead animals, offal, blood, manure, or unwholesome matter of any kind are allowed to Ee about. Of the dead animals that, one sees in riding about the country hardly one belongs to us. The strict standing order for the burial of carrion is rigidly and most properly enforced, and it would be well if our allies were equally particular in this respect. The importance of drainage is not lost sight of, and one here and there sees some very excellent wvork of this kind. For instance, the Royals, quartered on the side of a hill near Kamara, have made a catch-water drain at some height above them, and, to get rid of the water which that drain does not intercept, a second trench is cut immediately in rear of their huts. This, if I mistake not, is one of the plans suggested last spring by the Sanitary Commission, and in this and in other instances it is gratifying to find that the labours of that intelligent and practical body have borne more fruit than couid, perhaps, under all the circumstances have been anticipated. The sick and wounded sent away from the Crimea have lately averaged about 200 a-week, but just now a large shipment is taking place. The Great Tasmania sailing ship, the accommodation of which for invalids is of the verybest description, is about to proceed to iEngland, -with, it is said, about 400( men, dsabled from various causes, permanently or for a while. Most of the men who go by her are wound cases. it is possible that she will take more than 400; but, up to this time, the numbers are not exactly known. For the last three days the camp hospitals have been sending dovn invalids, some in carts, some en cacolet on mules. It wsill be gratifying to the friends of those brave sufferels to know that nothing can exceed the care and kindness with which tlley are conveyed from camp to Scutari, Renkioi, or England, as their destination may be. I believe the Great Tasmania goes straight to England. She will be towed down to the Bosphorus by a steamner. I would gladly tell you something of the sanitary state of the French, but it is difficult to ascertain anythirig on that head. Our gallant allies are very reserved upon the subject, and one is reduced to conjectures founded on what one can see with one's onv eyes. I greatly fear that they are neither so well off nor so healthy as our army, which I believe to be as healthy at this moment as any agricultural population in the united kingdom. MIaking all allowance for the difference of race and aspect, and for the naturallysallow complexionand spare frame ofthe natives of some of the French provinces, I cannot say that Marshal Pelissier's soldiers have generally the appearance of being as well fed and cared for as our men. Certainly they have not that robust look of rude health which our fellows present. They may, however, be in good working condition. But I fear their hospitals are fuller than they ought to be, and I am assured by persons who are more in the way of seeing French funerals than I amthat these are -very numerous. There have lately been reports in our camp that the French were underfed-that they were actually on haf ratiobut the inquiries 1 have made induceme to discredit this. I have little doubt that tlieygetthe full ration they are entitled toby the regulations of their service, but whetherthatbe sufficient to support them well in this climate, under canvass, and when doing a good deal of hard work, is another question. As to the Sardinians, they look a httle thin and pinched (the Crimean cold and wet must be trying to Italy's children), but as smart and soldierly as ever; their health irs tolerably good and their sick are well- taken care of. Scurvy has appeared among them, but as yet not'to any great extent. Itis attrlbutable tothe want of a due proportion of vegetable diet, also to bard work and o.- posure. ; -After exhibiting, some of the great improvements that have been made in the provisioniin, 'clothing, and lodging of 'ur atrmy, it may be permitted to inquire whether they are effected in -a provident manner, and without wastW' or sqnandering. The public money should be liberally forthcoming for. the real wants of the army, but not heedlessly' expended' in, supplying more than' is required. Now, there is strong reason to believe that the thing is being overdone' in some respects, -and that a vast quantity of stores has come, or is comingout, which will certainly not be of the slightest use nitil next winter. Before next winter peace may be muade, or this army, or a large portion of it, mabe hundreds 6f miles away from Balldava. Traxsport is expensive, and there are such things as rna' and vorm inx the Crimea. It is quite shpckig:to reflect on the iminense destruction of propertqg-that must takeg place. wheneverthe British o=4 quit3 the Crimea. The ilWpedimenida --would iequire two or three -fleets to transport them,. If tha French. remain after we leave, they wil douMt'8l inherit inaiiy valuables and coiiifortabli, othewise Ai6obonfire'5 of hMuses and household, funiAtxuo and 'heavy 'baggage of all descriptioia will iuniinateland, sea, anud sky for leagues 'wrind. However much transp-ort niy be provided, the cry. will Stil be for sore. But, altlholwgl oX=Is may- ba ,ice themselves to light marching obliged to 1x stores cannbt bo abandoned; order, GovernW#n% --esent appearances, it and, according to _ , of ships that will will not be a smiall fumunl -nulatincg here. suffice to convey away all 4l)isa '-s .ntion t3 CesiinlY there is no indicat ef t a abandon the Canea. We seenj f,te -&%i_g ~ here more firmly than evex~; but, atf ft g flawm, and even if wFe are to remuain here for' yearf, X-e'l s no use inhi out, ten months'too &Ah, 1 hich last year arrived three months t lite'. The mysteries- of quar master-generA,' dei partments, purveyors' stores, and the il ree: ce'4acles of army necessaries, are not t& be tashl' or easily penetrated by profane eyie%, and 1 -limit myself, for the present, to a feW polite inqiZhies. Is it true that the superabliundace of warm cl;llhin at Balaklava is as great as its rcarcity last yea. was fatal? Is it true that, although every aat: has had two peirs of warrm stockings served oot to hiu, there are still 60,000 Xssirs in store, analthat others are stil arriving, hilesome, Whicht nere c-re ol ifast, wDinter, but cotld not be found, ar-beingsTed aud sent away! Is it a fact or a fictiorn that wakfa-l0 are being sent oat here in staveEs to be put tesither by the cooper s of theArmyWors Corps, w-wllelherein camp casks and barrels of ai sizes and knds (porter, rum; snrgar, &c.) are used to matnssnmssrit cattle pewss~ and broken u' by himdxzla for fuel ! Is it true,er a "shave", tha1,200Up*Dof cherrycoloured o-eralls have come' sut for tbu use of the l-lth Hussrs, -ho muster :9 or 350 nen v Possibly, it is intended to invest two more' Tegiments with the IrUiant inexpressib.4t of the ';3elerubim cavalry," as the gallant I1th are herm des'gnated. it; * ue that some! tionstid pound.g wortli of far boois have Just arwied here to be sold; ta the army, whiuI i9 exLremely unlikely to buy them? To deseendi.to m_aller things. AUl sots- of stories are crment. cocmaning the extrwordinai7 delicacies that ar-sent ourt f;r the Use of the sick in lao6pital-champaV, s,soffa water, eau de Cologne, rose water, &c. TlIexA is. a soda water miachle, also, for the hospitaL%, l3at wfda, I suspect, must have been sent out by PuenTv for the use of the " Crimean Soda WVater Clul;'r takng up warehouse room somewhere, and whietDungh tt be set to work in a centrl situation-say a:&3rs Seacole's-for the benefit of the army ne-s& smumer. A-ndi there are soe- 300 tons of sft ice housed in. the old Genoese castle' at P'daklava, wnhich is not of much Utility jst now, seeing that via have plenty of i'e of Crimean m=anufacte, -but which uwri;3 supply firstrate sherry-co ler- whenthe dog-days return, if it be not al3 melted before then, and if the army be not in AsLa, whither (to Batoum) it is-nderstood that a part of the Army WVorkl C~ac is already under orders to proceed. But of; the icm let us not speak: lightly, for- it has alleviated I'an, suffering. It was already here before wiuseritegan, and has been founl usefitl in the triat eut of wounds, placed around -whih it causes a ninmbness of the part, which grreatly lessens the painl o,f anoperation. A poor fellow whoeras lying asleep on hi ack when the French siege train blew up, and wiose jaw was frightfuflly smashed'- by the fall of ap jectile, had the injured bones taken o%it in this wanner, with, as I am ass5red, comparatively little Buffering. The weather has been very variableSnce I last wrote. Wre have had frost, snow, thaw, rain, tho fine sunny days} and EittIe wind. There was snow last. night; to-day the ground was soft and heavy; to-night it freezes. Mr Doyne?s road stands ;;he test of this changeable and tryng weather very tairly indeed. The traffic on it is ononrnwus, and it requlires some care to get along it withmrc accident. It is crowded with all sorts of men~ an4 annmals; cattle, carts, strings of mules, aFrenehl waggon train, English land lTransport, tThe convenient wellmade vehicles of thle S;arnins, dnesy Turks contending with yokes of buffuloes, French soldiers upon mniles, which they ;Iternately tenderly caress and furiously rerilex BritisE soldiers bearing big boards, canteenmnen, and all I-inds of nondescripts vith carts and 'beasts of burden, and Engolish infantry officers on every conceivable size of poney, cutting in and 6nt of the throng at inrninent peril, as it seems, to themselves and their steeds-such is the comaposition of theeconcourse that, every day and all day, flowrs :along the Doyne highway. The order is that every one should keep to his right hand, but this order is ntot aluvays strictly obeyed, and a little confusion sometimes arises, particulary rhen two -strings of carts meet, wvith the additional'complication of : few-hundred soldiers coming by, carrying huts piecemeal-some of the pieces beng so large thatfourmen carry one of them, each takig a cormer. Then there is apt to be some bother, and perhaps a little hard swearing, Abut the men are good-huimoured enough, and D row or quarrel is seldom seen. Really, however, excepting CJheapside, and the Epsom-road on Derby day beore milways were, I hardly know a ride requiring more eircumspection, if you' wish to avoid trampling on a fellow-creature or g6tting your owvn knees crushed, than the road from the Camp to Balaklaava. And when, in despair, one quits the road and cuts across the coumtry, one gets into such awful holes, such b;iff mud, such abomninably deel ground, that, out of consideration for his-horse, he. seldom repeats the experiment. As for splashing,that is a matterof course. Aman turns out of his hut after breakfast, got up in the moSt unexceptionable style (for the Crimea)-his boots shiny, his spurs brilliant, his ecoat well brushed, the oilskin of his cap a very mirror to the sun. lie has his horse brought quite close up tothe door, thathemay notcarry into the stirrup a pound -and a-half of that adhesive mud which barely ceases at his -threshold. He returns, after his ride to lBalaklava, Klamiesch, Head-quarters, or elsewhere, with mud to his knees and splashes to his eyes. His boot3 are no longer boots, but pillars of clay, his servant groans at the sight of his coat, ;nd he carries the weight of half a brick spread in detachments over his face, cap, and beard. ; A deplorable aceident occurred on Taesday last, in front of the commissariat of the Fourth-Division. Lieutenant Messenger, of the 40th Regiment, had charge of the divisional roads as Assistant-Engineer, anld was superintending the blastiong of some rock, when he imprudently approached a fuse which had been lighted, but whiehhe believed,fromthetimethat had elapsed, to have gone out. He wras shaking some powder over it when the mine exploded, kiling h:mn upon the spot and badly wounding a corporal who was with him. The aniable disposition of the tmfortunate young man had rendered him a favourite with his comrades, and his funeral, w%ich took place yesterday on Catheart's-hill, was attended by the Generalcommancling the Fourth Division by the two brigadiers, and by a very large number of officers. JAiN. 1m. The Russians fired more than usual yesterday, but. I have not heard that they did any damage. Thim weather continues fair and slightly.frosty.
THE ABMY IN THE CRMEA. GENERAL AFTER ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 14. No. L The reassembly of the general court-martial of which Brigadier-General Ridley is president, ordered at 11 *.m. to-morrow, is postponed until further orders No. 2. A general court-martial will assemble at the headqoarters of the llighland Division at U a.m. on WednesCay, the 16th inst., for the trial of such prisoners as may be brought before it. President, Brigadier-General Horn, C.B. Four field officels, eight captains3, two subalterns, member., to be detailed from the Highland Division. Officiating Deputy Judge-Advocate, Captain R. Stuart, Major of Brigde. Members' names and dates of commissions ts Jo sent to theAssistant-Adjutant-General's office, Highland Division, by12o'clockto-morrow. G&2NERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 15. No. 1. The undermentioned officers wfill embark on board he Great Tasmania, to proceed to England in charge of inValids:-Brevet-Major W. Carter, 63d Regiment, in military Charge; Second-class Staff-Surgeon E. W. Young, in medital charge; Assistant Staff-Surgeon D. Woods, AssistantSurgeom A. Hmifrey, 77th Regiment; Acting AssistantBurgoon C. O'Callaghan; Dresser Morgan. No. 2. Theundermentioned officers oftheRoyal Artillery, saving performed the duties of Assistant-Adjutant-General tothe Royai Attillery, may draw the difference of staff pay and fidd allowance accordingly:-Lieutenant-Colonel S. E. Oordon, Aide-de-camp, from the3lst of Octobertothe 5th of XThovember, 1855; Lieutenant-Colonel C. W. Fortescue, Erom the 6th of Noveember to the 31st of December, 18I5. No. 3. The following officers are appointed Instructors of lfusketry until further orders :-Ist Brigade, Second Divi_ sion, Captain Twysden, 55th Regiment; Ist Brigade, Third Division, Captain Young, 14th Regiment; 2d Brigade, 5Mird Division, Captain Turner, 28th Regiment, at 3s. 6d. a-d3y eacl, fromthe 15th of January. No.4. ColonelNorcott, C.R, Rifle Brigade, havingbeen in 8ommand of the 2d Brigade, Fourth Division, from the 30th of September to the 6th of October, 1855, will draw pay as Colonel on the Staff, and the difference between the field allowance of regimental field officer and that of Colonel on be Staff for the abovementioned period. No. 5. Lieutenant H. V. Brooke, 48th Regiment, will act Ss Adjutant of his regiment, and may draw the usual allowances accordingly, during the absence of Lieutenant and Adjutant Horme. Ifo. G. Leave of absence is granted, on urgent private aflhirs, to Captain Hanmmersley, Deputy-Assistant-Quartersaaster-General; Surgeon O'Leary, Sth Regiment, to the 3lst of January; Assistant-Surgeon Stewart, 28th Regiment, to the 29th of February. No. 7. The following officers having lefl chargers at the public Eervice, forage may be drawn for them --LieutenanteolonelLys, 48th Regiment, for 1; Major West, 48th Reginment, for 2; Lieutenant and Adjutant Home, 48th Regi=cnut, for 1. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 16. No. L Every officer joining this army must, in every gmse, bring with him all articles of camp equipment (to cover thich he draws an allowance), except tents. The grataiIons issue of blankets, &c., to officers or their civil servants lil at once cease. No 2. Captain Foster, in charge of native labourers, Vill receive 12s. pay and 5s. field allowance per diem from his date. No. 3. Invalids from divisions as follows will embark in ahe Great Tasmania, for conveyance to En,gland, under charge of Brevet-Major Carter, 63d Regiment, to whom will be sent by regiments the necessary documents relating to Ithese men :-To-day, January 16, from the First Division, 99 men; Second Division, U men; Third Division, 26 men; Vourthl Division, 37 men; Light Division, 67 men; Land iTrmTort Corps, 8 men; total198. On Thursday, the 17th Inst., from Castle Hospital, 100 men; General Hospital, 10 x3en ; Highland Division, 36men ; Royal Artillery, 56 men; total 400. No. 4. The following officers are appointed Instructors of 3Wusketryuntilfartherorders:-2d Brigade, Fourth Division, Captain Hamilton, 68th Regiment, 3s. 6o. a-day (vice Captnin .M'Alester, 46th Regiment, appointed Provost-Marshal); 2d Brigade, Light Division, Captain Denison, 90th Regirnent, 3& 6d. a-day-from the 16th of January. No. 5. The following rations of light are authorized to bie drawn for the stables of the Royal Artillery till the end of February:-Each troop of Royal Horse Artillery, 14 rations daily; each field battery, Royal Artillery 12 3mtions daily; each reserve Ammunition Brigade, Royal Artilery, 10 rations daily; reserve half-troop, Royal Horse Artillery, 8 rations daily. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Paymaster Matthews, 57th Regiment; Arasistant-Commissary-General AL Darling, Deputy Assistant-Commissary E. Hodds-to proceed to England; on arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-Gene-ral. On medical certificate, in extension, to Lieutenant P. Dickason, S2d Rtegiment, to the SLst of January-to remain at the 3lonastery; untiE his retirement from the service, to Captain 3. Bruton, 55th Regiment. l1 No. 7. Medical boards wEil assemble to inquire into the Itate of health of Brevet-Major G. Shaw, Royal Artillery, and LieutenantH De Carteret, 79th Regiment. The principal medical offcerwill be pleased to give the necessary directions. No, 8. The following officer having left chargers at the public service, forage may be drawn for them :-BrevetBlajor Sir J. Dunlop, Bart., Coldstreain Guards, for two chargers. No. 9. Sergeant Ryal, 44th Rlegiment, is appointed clerk 5js the Commandant's-office, at flead-quarters. at ls. 6d. ; day, vice Sergeant Mall, Ist Reiment, from this date. By order, C. A.. W BDiDHAJM Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan, 17. No. 1. The following officer is appointed to the Staff of 1his 3rmy, as 3Major of Brigade, until Her Majesty's pleasure ;h.ll be known.-Brevet-Major H. Browne, 9th Regianeut, to 2d1 Brigade, First Division, in succession to BrevetIlajor Eagar, 31st Regiment, who has been promoted to a zeeiinental majority. No. 2. Captain H.MX Jones, 13th Regiment, is appointed J.ide-de-camptoBrigadier-GeneralRidley, withtheusualpay and allowances, vice Brievet-Major Browne, 9th Regiment, ppointed Major of Brigade from this date. No. 3. The following officer is appointed Instructor of XuLsketry until further orders.-Ist Brgade, Light Divi-sion, Captain Chapman, 34th Regiment, 3s. 6d. a-day, from the 17th of January. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Brevet-Major Shaw, RA. Mr. Jennings, Purveyor's department, to proceed to England. On arrival they will report themnselves- to the AdjutantCeneral; and, on medical certificate, to Lieutenant G. HL Wailer, 7th Regiment, to the 15th of February-to go to the ilonastory. By order, C. A. WVINDHA, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Jan. 78. No. L The regimental promotions and appointments publirhed by authority in the London Gaze&e of the 28th of December wilf take effect in this army from their respective dlates. Brevet-Major-GeneralSirColin Campbell, G.C.B., eerving with the rank of Lieutenant-General in Turkey, to have the local rank of General in Turkey.-Dated the 28th of December, 1855. No. 2. Acting Assistant-Surgeon Charles Cooper, having tendered the resignation of his appointment, is permitted to leave this army, and will be struck off the strength of tho - ical staff from this date. *&No 3. With reference to General Order No. 5, of the "d of,Ilecember, 1855, in the returns farnished monthly to ceinets by purveyors ae hoepitals, and by the com3nandant at Balaklava, the periods (often broken) during brhich hospital orderlies have been so employed are to be ecurately stated. No. 4. Leave of absence is granted, on medical certificates, Itiz terrumter Atkinson, Grenadier Guards, to the 20th a.r, Assistant-Surgeon Grier, 92d Regiment, to t*2th of February-to proceed to Scutari. On medical ertj e, in extension, to Lieutenant Leeson, 34th Regi4n~e4t;o the 20th of January-to remain at Scutari. On iXegt: pervate affairs, to LieutenantIColonel Lord F. FitzToy, lrenadier Guards, to the 31st of January. To go to T~on*antinopIe-Captain Crawford, R. A., to the 31st of Tannary. To go to Kertch-Purveyor's Clerk Turner, to the 29th of February. lJo-.5. A medical boerd will aesemble to inquire into the tUte of health of Captain Henry Forster, 95th Regiment. 5he principal medical e foer wil be pleused to give the 2eceiary directio. B y order, C. A- W INDHA, Chef of the St&M OnALtx PAtxc-ON SH=;wG DAY.-ThUrE. aay, Jan. --Admissions on x aynent, 377; ditto by scason tickets, 175; tota istors, 552
SECOND EDITION.- THE TIMES OFFICE, Fridaij Momin3. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. :- The Queen's speech on opening Parliament is the great topic of interest here for the moment, almost to the exclusion of anything else. It was received at a comparatively early hour, and, so far as can be ascertained. has produced a very favourable effect. It is remarked that there isnothing in it to which any onecan fairlyobject; it is moderateauddignified ; and while it indicates a sincere desire not to reject a peace such as England andFrance have a right to require, it proves, beyond a possibility of doubt, that England is ready to carry on the war more vigorously than ever. The absence of anything like an offensive allusion to our enemy is also dwelt upon as becoming a nation conscious of its own strength. On the whole, though a very short time has elapsed since the document has been made public in Galignarnfs afternoon edition (which, I believe, was the first of the Paris papers that received it), the impression is decidedly favourable. A letter from Berlin, of the 29th, states that Prussia is not disposed to enter into any engagements with a view to taking part in the Paris conferences, but maintains her right to do so on the ground of the treaties cf Vienna. These treaties decided the question of the territorial arrangement of Europe; the rectification of the Ottoman territory, however triling, is a modification of those treaties, and as such cannot take place without her. This at all events seems to be one of the arguments put forward for her, though Turkey was not represented at the Vienna Congress. A letter from Copenhagen speaks of the great satisfaction produced in that capital by the prospect of peace, not merely out of partiality for Russia, but from a desire to maintain their neutrality. The opinion there was that while the chances are in favour of peace, yet that there is a possibility of the 5th proposition giving rise to discussions which may retard or prevent it. At the Danish Court it was believed that the English were not over-satisfied with peace; that they would far prefer the continuance of the war, as they knew the resistless force at their disposal, and the certainty of obtaining still greater triumph in the North than in the East. On the whole the Copenhagen people regard peace as probable, but not yet certain. From Athens a letter of the 23d states that the sensation produced by the news of the peace was very great indeed, and nothing could exceed the regret of the partisans of Russia. There was some talk of sending IVL Mavrocordato to r'aris during the Conferences. The Queen was said to be opposed to the choice, but her opposition would go for nothing in the event of its being thought necessary to have a representative here. There is no one better suited for such a mission than a man of such intimate acquaintance with Oriental diplomacy as M. Mavrocordato. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " TRIESTF, JAN. 30. "Accounts from Constantinople, of the 21st, state that, in spite of the pacific news, General Shirleyhas sent orders to Shumla to prepare quarters for the troops which are to proceed there in the spring. "Ministerial changes are considered imminent at Constantinople. Mehemed Ali will, it is said, be named Mnister of War." "VIENNA, JAX. 3D. "The Ost-DeudckiePost announces that Austria, in the interest of Germany, will present a proposition to the Germanic Diet, in order that the latter mnay adoptthe points of guarantee which are to serve as the preliminaries of peace, and thus take a serious part in the approaching conferences." We read in the Miabts:- "Our correspondents transmit us some information as to the form of the document which is to be shortly signed at Vienna, to affrl the acceptance by Russia of the propositions of Austria. Prince Gortschakoff has now received the despatch of L de Nesseirode, which states that acceptance and the authorization to sign the act common to the five Powers, for all the five Powers who were present at the last diplomatic conferences will take part in it. As soon as the Plenipotentiarits of France, England, and Turkey shall have received authorization from their respective Governments, they will be convoked by ML de Buol, and in the presence of Prince Gortschakoff he wi read to them the note which contains the conditions proposed byAustria; Prince Gortschakoff, on his part, will read the'despatch of M. de Nessehrode, and a protecol of these two readings Will be drawn up, which Will be signed by the five representatives. Prnssia and Piedmont will taLe no part in it, as this protocol will be as a complement to those of the Conference of Vienna, the last of which bearm the date of the 4th June, 1855. This protocol was to have been signed on the 26th January, but the signature had not taken place on the 21th. Great impatience is felt for the accomplishment of this formality, which is regarded as the first of the preliminaries." The students arrested some days since on account of the " row" at XL Nisard's lecture at the Sorbonne have been set at liberty, and are tobe sent to their homes. They are mostly from the provinces. They can continue their studies in medicine or law, if they think proper, inthe departments, but axe not to return to Paris, and are to give notice to the authorities of the schooL The police agents in plain clothes who were stationed in the lecturehall marked with chalk the backs of the most violent, in order to identify them when they got into the streets. The students discovered the artifice, and without sayiag anything, marked with chalk also the backs of the agents themselves, so that several of the latter were arrested by the Sergens de VilIe, and in spite of their protestations lodged in prison, and kept there for a whole day and night. The Moniteuir publishes the returns of the gross receipts of the ,railways of France in 1855, which amounted to 269,258,810f.; compared with those of 1854, there is a difference, in favour of last year, of 71,216,769f. The average extent of railway worked in 1855 was 5,048 kilometres, and the entire length on the 31st of December last was 5,539 kilometres. The new sections opened during the year extended over 890 kilometres. The average kilometric revenue increased in 1855 from 45,663f. to 53,3401., that is, 7,677f., or 16.81 per cent. The receipts of the first quarter were 49,567,170f.; those of the second, 63,500,194f. ; ditto of the third, 83,552,9Z7f.; and those of the fourth, 72,638,469f. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 70f. Soc. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 96f. 25c.; and the new Loan at 71f. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,2371. 50c.; Great Northern, 920f.; Strasburg, 945f.; New Shares, 810f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,22S£.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,350.; Western of France, 835f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 725.; Great Central of lrance, zi01.; Lyons and Geneva, 725f.; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,515f.; Austrian Railways, 857f. 50c. Geur5 A tquec-PjaBSs, Jan. 3L-Cash Price.- Fourand-a-al per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 years), 9Sf. 2x5c.Sc; ditto second Loan of 18a55(35 per cent, paid), 95f£ 50c. 961.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 95f£ Soc. 9Sf.; Three per Cents., 71f. 70f. 40c. 50c. 40c. 60c. ditto firs Lean of 1855 (653per cent, paid), 71f.; ditto seconca Loan of 1855 (35 par cent, paid), 721. 711. 90c. 72f. 5c.; &toCrHctea (35 per cent, paid), 72f. 71f. 90c. 72c. oc.; 1raur on'ds, ~5 per cen't. to th-e nofJlr Bankof France, 3,275f.; Uredit Foncier, 57f.; ditto ( b- ligatons of 5O., Three per Cents., 370f 3 * rof.iCsory Moblier, 1,515f. l,525Lf. 1535. 1,5371. 5 1,53f. 1,530. 1,525f. 1530f. 1,515f. - Discount Bank, 650f.; Pied. montese Five per Cents., 8f 8Sf. 50c; ditto Throe per Cens.,57.; iomns 85. 81. Spnis DferedConverted Denbt, 23473fito nerorDet 36 37 i36 .5. EBxchange on Ldondon, it sight, paper, 26f. 26c., t&ee months, paper, 2S. 80c. TIIE 1WDIRRANEA.N. 0ou (KOY 0 3B OBxx DZNT.) MARSEILLS, JAN. 30. A remarkably fine body of men, consisting of 700 of the 3d battalion of Chasseurs of Vincennes, amved here yesterday from the Criniea. They sailed from Kamiesch in the British steamer Glasgow on the 1st of January, and from Constantinople on the 16th. The Glasgow entered the port at 8 in the morning; but as there were some cases of typhus fever on board, the troops were not suffered to land until the sanitary board held a consultation, to which the physicianson board the Glasgow were summoned. At 2 in the afternoon the Chassours were drawnL up on the quay of the Jolette. They looked remarkably well, and in excellent condition. They did not conceal their joy at again standing on their native soil The officers were remarkably neat in their dress. The 3d Chas. seurs was one of the first regiments which left France for the East. They distinguished themselves at the battle of Inkermann and again at the capture of the Mamelon Vert, for which several of them are decorated. Their colours are riddled with Russian shot. The cantinWire of the regiment is said to have realizeed 150,000f. by selling provisions and liquor while in the Crimea. The following vessels, chartered by the* French Government, are at present in the port of the Jolette :-the British steamers Glasgow, City of Washington, Hammonia, Sorrento; the American cippers Great Republic, Queen of Clippers, Monarch of the Sea, Rattler, Albion, Universe. Several Polish oflicers, who have obtained commissions in the Polish legion organized at Constantinople, have arrived at Marseilles, and are to sail to-morrow in the mail steamer Thabor. Our corn market still continues to decline in price. Galatz wheat is quoted at 44f. and Egyptian 32f. the measure of 160 litres. The Committee of the Maritime Assurance Companies of Mlarseilles have received a communication from their agent at Syra, dated the 20th instant, announcing that, during a heavy gale of wmd which lasted from the 14th to the 16th instant, the Tuscan bark Enrichetta and the French brig Pierre Josephine had been abandoned by their captains. A letter from Toulon, dated this morning, states that Admiral Trehouart had arrived there to take the command of the fleet, and had hoisted his flag on board the Fleurus. There areat present 12 ships of the line at anchor in the roads, viz., the Marengo, Prince Jerome, Jupiter, Fleurus, Trident, Duperrd, Navarn, Jeunmappes, Hercule, Suffren, Bayard, Jena; seven frigates, the Uranie, Albatros, Vengeance, Canada, Constitution, Zenobie, MIontezuma; and three sloops, Averne, Eclaireur, Reine Hortense. The ship-of-the-line Inflexible had sailed for the Black Sea. The ship-of-the-line Friedland had been taken into dock. The steam corvette Requin had sailed for Civita Vecchia, with despatches for the General commanding the French troops at Rome. Six convicts, who had been employed to convey provisions to the lazaretto at Saint Mandrier, took advantage of the temporary absence of their keeper and rowed out to sea intheir boat. Oneof themdisguised himself in the cloak of the keeper, which he left in the boat, and took the helm. It was blowing E brisldy from the north-west, and, having cleared the harbour, they hoisted saiL They were missed shortly after their departure, and the Coast Guard boats gave chase, but without success. A boat answering the description of that stolen by the convicts was met by a fisherman some distance from the land, carrying all saiL. AUSTRTA. (FROM OUR OWN CORRESPONDENT.) VIENNA, J3a. 28. A firm conviction prevails in Governmental circles that the preliminaries of peace will within a few days be signed. It is a patent fact that the British Cabinet has not yet given its consent, but intelligence has been received from Paris which re- moves all doubt as to the intentions of the French i Government. The diplomatic world is extremely reserved on the subject, but the Austrians are so greatly elated, and so confident that peace will be restored, that it is morally impossible not to come to the conclusionthattheAustrianandFrenchCabinetshave, within the last 24 hours, come to a complete understanding in respect to the interpretation which, at the approaching peace conferences, shall be given to the fifth proposition. As has been said in more than one of my previous letters, the British Govern- i ment appears morally bound to agree to the terms which, with its approval, were made to Russia, but A ustria should be the last Power to reproach England with trickery and faithlessness. By the treaty of December 2, this Government was as much bound to give its material assistance to the Weestern Powers as soon as the Vienna Conferences were broken off, as England is now pledged to sign the preliminaries of I peace; buat in this part of the world people have one measure for the conduct of others and another for their own. Austria clearly sees the mote in the eye of England, but she is unable to discover the beam in her ownL A few days since you were informed that His Majesty the Emperor was so greatly delighted to learn that Russia had accepted the propositions, that he himself communicated the glad tidings to his guests as soon as he entered the ball-room, and many of those persons who witnessed his joy were at no loss to account for it. It was with a terrible fear of the consequences that Austria undertook to subject Russia to such extreme moral pressure, and she was therefore very agreeably surprised to find that no evil was likely to result from the bold step which she had taken. No member of the Russian Embassy in this city has displayed such violent indignation at the conduct of the St. Petersburg Cabinet as x. Anatole de Demidoff, but he would perhaps do well to express his displeasure less loudly. The northern Crcesus has a very strongly pronounced dislike to a prolonged residence in his native country, and as this peculiarity is well lnownintheRussiancapital, itis not unlikely that he may receive a summons to return home, should he continue to inveigh so loudly against the policy of his Imperial Master. General Count Stackelberg, the MIilitary Member of the Russian Embassy, was in Sebastopol when the final bombardment took place, and he relates that the southern side must have been evacuated even if the Malakhoff Tower had not been taken by storm. According to his account, the cannonade was so teiTific and destructive that no earthly power could bear up against it. The 10 and 13 inch guns did such awful execution that 2,500 men,- and not 1,500 men as was said, were put hors de conmzat in the course of each day. The Austrian Government attaches such great importance to the article which appeared in the ioyurnal de St. Petersbourg of the 19th. that it has given it i7 extenso in the Ministerial Oes&rreickisc3s Correpondenz, and caused those pawsages which are most calculated to restore public confidence to be underlined. This Government is likely to agree to anything for the sake of peace, as it has nothing to loso and is well content with what it has already gained. Of public feeEng, in the higher sense of the expression, there is no trace here, and the moneyed world unblushingly asserts that the Governments mtutist make peace, because the exchanges of London, Paris, and Vienna will it so. Few general readers have time or inclination to read ancient treaties, and it may thereforebewelltostate that therepresentative of France, when the armistice was concluded in 1807 atSlobosia,betweenFranceandTurkeyontheonepart, andRussiaontheother,wasM.Guiliimenot. ThePari3 newspaperLePays,which is here generally considered a Governmental organ, a few days since informod its readers that the diplomatic relations between Prince Gortschakoff and the Representatives of the Westein Powers had been resumed, but such is not the case The Russian Minister has repeatedly met Sir Eamilton Seymour ana Baron Bourqueney in Count BuoYs waiting-room and elsewhere, but they have not yet had any official communication with each other. The centenary of MIozart's birth was celebrated yesterday by means of a monster concert, at whioh the following compositions of; the immortal composer were performed :-The overture to the Zauberflote, the choras of priests beginning 0 Isis, the first part of a concerto for the piano in C flat, the Dies Irce from the Requie7n, the symphony in G flat, a concert air, and the last part of the famous' finale to the first act of Don Giovanni. The famous pianist Liszt 'led, and evidently did all in his power to keep some 500 or 600 performers well together; but, unfortunately, he did not succeed in the attempt. The overture and the symphony in G flat were 3narvellously well played by the orchestra, but the " Dies Ird' and the grand finale in Don Giovanni were failures. Staudigl sang in the "Dies Irw," but without a voice. The great Ridotto-hall, in which the concert was given, was crowded to excess. In the Paris papers we read that Count Buol andcI Prince Liechtenstein will represent Austria at the Peace Conferences, but this cannot be, as there is no member of the Liechtenstein family who understandsanything of state craft. Count Orloff andM. de Brunow will probably be the Russian Plenipoten tiaries. Prince Gortschakoff, as one of the leaders of the war party, would naturally be quite out of his element at Paris. Such large orders to purchase Austrian stock have recerntly been received from foreign places that every description of paper has risen enormously. National Loan is 85-; Metallics, 83;; Austro-French Railroad Shareis, at 510f., are 231fl.; and Austrian Credit Bank Shares, at 200fL, a'e 25,5fl. The premium on gold has fallen to 12M per cent., and that on silver to 81 per cent. PRlUSSIA. (FROM OIDR OWsN COR=SrO2D)N-r.) BERIN7, JA. 30. Yesterday or to-day a protocol has been signed in Vienna to register the fact that Russia has accepted the Austrian proposals. W'Iith this protocol before them it will be for the Governments of the allies to decide whether theso Austrian proposals thus accepted shall be adopted by as or converted into preliminaries of peace, or whether a more definite form shall be given to the fifth point before elevating the mere memorandum to the dignity of a synallagmatic document binding on the other alies. From all I can gather here I fear they have taken the former course. 'Until definite information reaches us on this point we shall be without compass or guide here for an opinion on the future. All the information that reaches me from London and Paris tends only one way with respect to Prussia, viz., that she is not to be invited to join in the conferences. The view entertained here by the King and many eminent men that Prussia is, totally irrespective of the course hitherto pursued by her, entitled de jure to a place in the conferences in virtue of her position as a great Power, will probably meet with very few to entertain it; the Prussian view of what a great Power is, and what its obligations are, differs from ours very widely. There are are others that maintain that Prassia has acquired a moral right, or strong claim, to share in the deliberations by the exertions she has made in favour of a pacific course being adopted by the Emperor Alexander. Admitting the fact to be true, mankind in general, and Russia in particular, has cause to be thankuld to Prussia for exerting her influence to put an end to loss of human lfe, &c.; but Prussia's pacific exertions will constitute no claim, and still less right, to participate in the settlement of the terms of the peace, although she has herself contributed to the attainment of the latter in generaL On another ground, however, as I have endeavoured to show in my two last letters, it would be desirable to invite Prussia to join in the conferences, and not only at the closing of the peace, viz., we gain her on the side of the Allies as against Russia; we strengthen the array against the latter; we subpcena the witness for the plaintiff to preveit his becoming useful to the cause of the defendant. From the same point of view it would be desirable to admit the German Confederation to be represented there, if it could be induced previously to adopt the Austrian proposals or anything equivalent to them; but this it is not to be expected it will do, and therefore the hopes of completing the European coalition against Russia will not be able to be fulfilled. Prussia would very probably accept the Five Points if tendered to her by the Allies as their own preliminaries of peace, and direct, without the intervention of Austria. Advices from Galatz, dated 19th inst., mention that the depth of water at the bar of the Sulina has improved of late, and is now 9i feet. The water of the Danube has risen altogether considerably, so that the ice on it has been raised 4 feet. On the reopening of the navigation it may be expected that the Algani banks will be passable for vessels withouttransshipping cargo. The [ice on the Danube continues to increase in thickness; the frost has continued there uninterruptedly ever since the beginning of December. Since the allied fleets left the Baltic no less than 25 merchant vessels have put into Revel, of which 22 were laden with salt. The Stockholm public are looking forward to the speedy arrival there of a French and English Envoy Extraordinary (on the part of France Aftonbadet says a prince is the envoy elect). On the 12th inst., thatisto say, previous to the news of Russia's acceptance of the Austrian proposals having reached Sweden, the Government resolved on making use of a portion of the so-called "M Ainor Credit," that was voted by the last Diet to the amount of 550,000 thalers, which are to be applied to the purposes of defence of the country. RUSSIA. We have received the St. Petersburg journals of the 23d and 24th January. Among the list of promotions published in the Gazette we find the following:- "Major-General de Lukasch is appointed militaryand civil Governor of Tiflis in the place of Lieutenant-General Prince Andronnikoff L, who retires on the plea of il-health at his own request." Major ]Budberg is attached to the arm_y in the Caucasus. There are various other appointments of officers to the Caucasus. The Morski Sboani7, a naval mag ne published at St. Petersburg, gives, in its January number, the following narrnativ6 of how the Russian fleet in the Pacfic escaped the English cruisers:- " As soon as Admiral Zawoiko, Commander of Petro. paulovski, received orders to destroy the fortifications of that town, and to proceed to the liman of the Amoor, he made his preparations for evacuating the place, had a paW. sage sawn through the ice in the Bay of Avatscha, and went to sea on the 17th April, with the corvette Olivousas, the Aurora frigate, and three transports, Doin, lzrsysk, and BakaL - The squadron counted about 300 souls, including wMnen and children, all inhabitants of Petropualovski. After a most trying navigation the squadron cast anchor in Castries Bay (510 27' north latitude), and the Admiral placed his ships behind some banks and shallows, so as to preveat their being tumed by the enemy. On the 20th of May a frigate, a corvette, and an English brig made their appearance; the corvette approached and threw some shelli against one of the Russian vessels, but the whole enemy', squadron soon went toses again. " As Admiral 7Z-noiko had been informed that Cape =asareff, 8ituate 3more no#rth at the nuoutlx of tlhe Amoor, vas free from ice, he took advantage of the departure of the English vessels, weighed anchor, and, after a most perilous passage, his vessels reached their destination one by one, between the 1st and 6th of June. Batteries were thrown up on the shore,and a few weeks later all the vessels were placed in shelter behind the bars of the Amoor. " During the un from Castries Bay to Cape Iasareff an American vessel, the Wlliam Penn, vwas spoken She had on board 150 llussians of the crew of the Diana, wrecked, it Will be remembered, on the Japanese coas05 and shortly after his arrival at Cape Lasareff Admiral Zawoiko was joined by Admiral Poutiatine; the latter had made his escape in a very bold and enterprising mranner. After the shipwreck of the Diana he conceived the idea of maldng his crew build a schooner. The ucndertaking succeeded so well that after 10 wee hard work,to whichthe Japanese and their Government gave an assisting hand in providing mateials, sails, I, a vessel of the desired size was launched and named the dhida, after the port where it was constructed. Forty men and seven officers formed the crew of the schooner, which reached Petropaulovsli on the 22d of May. u Ending that place abandoned the Admiral lost no time in leaving AvatschaIbay, which was watched by hostile cruisers, and he succeeded in reaching La Peronse Straits (between the islands of Saghalien and Fesso). Here he was nearly surprised one night by a vessel of the enemy, which passed within 700 yards of him. He ws iven chase, but the Admiral escaped, and continuing his course northwards he joined, as already stated, the rest of the Eamtschatka flotilla at Cape Lasareff. Thence he proceeaea shortly to the Nicholas Station, the chief and well-fortified point of that ternitory, and deposited there al the iwt&ieZ wbich the squadron had brought from Petro. paulovski." ELECTRIC ELGRAPHC DESPATCHES. (tmox oTur. owN con rox:owDs.) SOUTHAMPON, FRIDAY lufORNLG. Anived.Sonth-Western, steamer, from Jersey; Trial, from Swanage. Sailed.-Ondisl; steamer, for Dablin ; Cicely, for Sunderland. Wind.-N. UIERPOOl4 FRDAY MoNING. Arrived.-Mercury, from MAsala. Sailed.-Cleator, for Varna; Teresina, for Naples. 'Wind N.E. QUEEXSTOWIV JA. 30. Sailed.-Desdemona, for Havre; Advice, for Antwerp. WM a W. NN, W.' DUBLIN, J 31L Wind W.N.W. Arrived.-farriet, from Quebec. (BY SUBUAM-9 AND BRBiXH TELEGRAP.L) GRAVESEND, FuuuAy, 9.44 A .. Wind N.W. ; tide two hours' ebb; fine and frosty. Sailed.-Superb, for Charleston; HeatherBell, for Portland Bay; Madge, steamer, for Constantinople. Wind NW., lIght. DEAL, FRIDAY, 9.10 Ax. Passed, Jan. 31.-Ultonia, from Callao, for London; Sir Colin Campbell, from Canlao, for Dundee; Elizabeth, from Shields, for Malta; Elise, from London, for Newport; Goddess, from London, for Trieste. STOCK EXCEANGE. FRIDAY MORsNO, 11 O'CLOCL Consols for iMoney... ... 90j to 90q Consols forAccount(Mar. 11) 91 to 91i TurldshFour per Cent. ... 100. to 1O1o ex. div.
MONEY-MABKATandCITY -AGi I- ~~~~~~~ThursdayEven The English funds have experiencedsome flu tions to-day; and, owing to a furher icee the extraordinary demand for money both in Stock-Exchange and out of doors, there baa general tendency to depression. Conaols, w closed last evening at 91 to D, were first quoted to i, but the market soon gave way, and they cined to 90 to J. As the tune approached for publication of the Queen's speech anmp gained ground that it would probably exe favourable influence, and a recovery took place 91 to J; but upon its arrival t als to peace seemed to be less positive than been hoped by those speculators. who wo wisih to ump at an arrangement upon any and the quotation again receded to 904, which there 'was no ,further alteration upto oficial close. For the 7th of February th price was 904, while for the next account, on 11th of Mrch, it was 9.1 to A. Bank Stock left at 211 to 212; Reduced, 9A to 4. Noew per Cents., 914; Long Annuities, 8¾ Annuit 188S, 164; India Stock, 222 to 22(; Exclequ bonds, 94 to 98; and Indabonds and Exchequ biILls, lOs. to 5s. discount. The extent of the applications for discount at Bank of Englandto-day was greater than has known for a long time past. Tae pressureis u stood to have been quite as much in cornexion commercial bills as with the demand for temp loans on Government securitits to enable the purchases lately made to be carried forward the next account. In the Stock-Exchange rate paid for advances on Government secu ranged between G and 7 per cent., and the r ments of the day were much increased by the se ment in the foreign market, where tho operations Turlish Bonds and =my other descriptions of E have lately been of an unusually actie chara The aporoaching 4th of the month, it is so will be an almost unprecedentedly heavy one, the preparations for it have doubtless consit one of the causes of the general demand. Foreign securities exhibited comparative firnu and prices on the average were well supported. additional failure was announced in the cou the morning. Turkish was favourably influen by the final settlement of the accountj but the treme advance was not altogether maintained. the Six per Centa. the transactions were at 92: a for money and 92,J, 94, and 924 for the acco The Guaranteed F our per Cent. Scrip was n tiated at 1024; for money and 103 and 1034 for account. The last quotation was 1024 to 1 The other operations included-Cbilian Six Cents., 103; Mexican Three per Cents., 201 and Russian Five per Cents., 104; the Four-an Half per Cents., 92 and 934; Sardinian, for count, 894 and 89; the New Deferred, for accol X , and 4; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Ceit ;and Dutch Two-and-a-Hlf per Cents., 64. The closing, quotations of the French Thnree Cents, on the Pafis Boarse this evening 70f. 60c. for money and 70f. S0c. for the acco showing a reaction of less than an eighth from t sudden advance of yesterday, although the rate continuation is now from 15 to 20 per cent. on t best securities. At Amsterdam the tendency is a towards dulness, but at Vienna the recent imvr ment is fully maintained, and Austrian funds stated to be in great demand on all the aontine exchanges. Subjoined is a table of the fluctuationsin the stom and shareniarlkets duringthe monthjustende. the English funds they have been extremely E the rangebetweenthe 11th inst., when the ruinou of the probability of peace first began to circulat and the 29th, when they reached their highest poim having been exactly 6 per cent. At the pre3a moment, however, Consols have scarcely reached ti point at which they stood at the correspondr period of last year. In the unfunded securii owing to the influences in operation havinz entirely political, while the money-market has mained without material relief, there has scarcely any alteration. Iu railway shares a gen rise has taken place, equal on the average to in the funds. FxUCTrATINo S ran SrocT AT h SALAEE Ai;: DnsLG TIIE lMoNTm OF JAN Y 1S;6 In the continentalstock-markets during the rl the movements have been still more inportant) the Paris Bourse the range in the Three per;. Rentes has been equal to more than 9 per's and the rise finally established hasbeen 7?: peP At Vienna the improvement in GovernmentM has been more than 12 per cent. At Amsm Russian has advanced 6 per cent., but Dutcarities have scarcely experienced any alteratic Subjoined are the railway caJLs for the mOf Fplwa'-v RA f:r se ±Iw,- 1-Vp ti. h- ,Avr- At a meeting of the Scottish AustIr Tnvest mnent Company, held to-day, Mr. W. IDickson presiding, a dividend was declared atJa -te Of 15 per cent. per annum, anid the re; and accounts were adopted. Although it wa-5ted that the detail now presented was more cot han on previous occasions, the directorwere a o- sented to fmrishin future a fa bsiaj,eet, showing the resources of the specific proper Il°nkglfl to the company. A lengthened discusatookplace with regard to management, and ft a contendue that greater economy miught be ex;eed. IJnder the recent arrangement of the accOess the balance to the credit of the reserved fund h]zeen reduced, and now stands at 8.400Z. Nilr T ect to the re organiztion of the company fortheIposeofbriing it within the operation of tte jmited Lability Act a series of resolntions bs ien prepared, the approval or modification of -icl is to be hereafter deternined.
BJLWkY A2ri ZJYIK SAE. Thefln ~ hiuda Evening. I 'he f.i aeemedn of tU6 ramway account paEsed preer zatixfactorily, and at the clone of busness ;here wam inacreased firmness in prices. The Dperators then - exhibited a greater disposition to .enew purchases. Australian land and bankdng UTares were fairby maintained, but the transactions were not extensive. Mining securities in some mes were taken at rather improvec quotations. C;anads Land nominally left off 130 to 135. Pur'hames of Crystal Palc took place at 2i, and they losed 2~ OA)INAUY BRARIS A RTnCR
STATE OF TRADE. MA?NCHESTER, JAT. 3L There is but little change in the market. The demand for yarn continues rather more active than that for cloth, and prices are rather dearer. The German buyers are among the most active. Ina cloth there are plenty of purchasers, hut business is checked by the dificulty which occurs as to terms. Manufacturers are anxious to realize an advance which will compensate them for the higher ratestheyarepayingfor yarn, while buyers hold back as longasthey can in the hope of more favourable terms. The production is so nearly balanced with the demand that neither buyers nor sellers can command terms. On the wrhole, however, a fair business has been transacted. At a meeting Of the creditors of Mr. Cheetham, manufacturer, of Firvood, it has been agreed to accept 10s. in the pond in five yearly instalments of 2s. acwh In the meantime, the business is to be carried on under the inspection of r. H. Bury, banker, MIr. John Platt, machinemaker, and Mr. Joseph Simpson, manufacturer. NOTTWGHA3f, Tnsm&Ay. The hosiery trade has this week been very active, with a prospect of continuance for some time to come. Operatives are, on the whole, well employed. In the lace department trade is not quite so brisk, although, as the season advances, more is being done. Yamns are firm.
THE CORNV TRADE. VrAN-MMATI T.-i 'Ice Umand for flour since our last report bas been toamoderate extent only, but at prices fully equal to tose then current, while all kinds of Sring corn, as well as oatmeal, have been neglected, although offered on lower terms. The imports into Liverpool f.om abroad, and also those from Ireland, are this week orn a Ioeral scae. There was a slender attendance at our market tbis morning, and a mset ianimate feeling presailed throulhout. Wfheat wr offered at a reduction of Ps. per quarter on English, and 3d. to 4th per 701b on Amecancwu ithout leading to business. he lour might also have been purchasedat a decline of Is to 2s. per sack. Oats and oatmeal met an xceerdinglyslow salt and further receded in value Id. per 4 e1b. and Is per lead respectively. Barley was the turn Inwer. forptia t thbe gave way ls. to 23. Per quarter, but other sorts were unchaied. BGL SING , JAN. 31. At Glocester and Worcester markets, on the 26th, vwheat was about iter quarer r dearer. Barley mnsly hetd for prenious rates. Oats brLtols per quartercheaper. Peas and beans both offaeri l lower, lithoatlndung buyers. e uring the present wreek few transactnona are reported in wheatr ndoricesof English are ninalynnaiteed, but foreign tenlding dowanwards. Bather mere demand for oat. at th above decline. Only retail sales ean bev effected in oarlsy, beaS, oer peas. AtWolrerhampton, yesterday, wheat g4ave wsay inpnice 18. to At thisday's market there vwas a large sup ly of wheat; and we reduce our quota,tions¶2e. per quarter. Barley hmeld fororensous rates. Ohats offeringrather low6er. B"eans and peas is. to 2s. per quarter We have again keen frost. Coastisise aind from lirland light supplie have cone to hand; from abroad. bytheClyde, 3,087 quarters of wheat, whereoE ItOS quarters are from Alexandria; the remainder, with 3,7I8barre so fou Lr and2l4 qarersof Indian corn, 'rom NewYork'iXGraongeoutlh 5'i2 quarters of wvheat from llodtock. v tTnheerOe ws avrathers a bbetterretail sale during the week, yetDprices con- This day's 'markcet wras thinly att^nded. Fine old wsheat without material change; other descriptions were 6iLd to Is. low er per 2401b. barley ruled dull, st a decline of 6Od per 320th.; oats and oatmeal met litte inquiry,ad were the turn in hlecro' favour. Beans and pens 6ad
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In a paragraph in 17e Times of this morning on thissplendid ship it is stated that my fears and the surgeon's concerning her " assisted in indieing CaptainBoyce toreturn.'> Will you allow me to correct this (the only particular m the paragraph, perhaps likely to be mistaken) oy stating that, while rdia certainly feel anxiety at the distresingconditionof the passengers forward, I scrnpuously voidned gn pug,a any opinion ontthe question of persevrane o putin bak util after the captain had declared his determination,and had given orders to put the shi round ? I may be Permitted to add that as to one of the oifculties we had to contend with-that of the deep draug'ht of water of the ship-this is now i rgeso beingremeied, the ship having bee alrendy lhted for wad ythermvlo halast, between one and two feet; and in a day or two the trim of the vessel (the defectivenes of which had to do with every other inconvenience) wil be satisfactorily adjusted. As to the stsnchness o the ship, her buoyanc, ana other characteristics as " sca-boat " in the iiaviest -te,w tIn ol emr satisfactory or admirable. e g c he more I am. Sir. vour obe;ntf. -v.,4 W - wC3Rim sF4iR v xiv.OYrL Vn=er, X47nmouth ;ound, Jan. 29. I~~~~ Y&A7'ExAX, Tnpos.-We are requeded to state that the nmne of the gentlezna who stood No. 102 in dthe Est ,ledof the -te Tlipos 'WoIiee," IaImd not "1Cuey."
IUIWA1r fTMMMOBNORCE. LO.NDON AND SOUTH-WESTERN. - It appears that the directors of this company have reelved to recommend to the proprietors, at the general meeting on the 14th of February next, that the dividend for the half-year ending the 31st of December, 1855, be at the rate of 5. 12s 6&d per cent. per annum on the capitaL making, with the previous dividend, 5M. per cent. for the year. RAILWAY TRAFFIC IN 1855. The usuali alf-yearly return, just published, gives tho nuunber of passengers conveyed by all railroads in the nnited kingdom during the half-year ended the 30th oF June, 1855, with other miscellaneous information on the subject of railways in generaL in England andWales there were 6,166 miles of railway open for traffic on the 30th of June last, against 6,112 in 1854. The total number of passengers conveyed by these railroadsamountedto43,286,1431 of whom 5,995,1391 were first-class, 15,035.768i second-class, 8,123,096k third-Ciass, and 14,122,814 " Parliamentary" passengers, besides 9,325 season ticketholders. The total receipts from these passengers amounted to the sum of 3,563,4521. (including excess fares and tolls), of which sum 1,090,1021. accrued from firstclam travellers, 1,275,616. from second-class, =3,719M from third-class, and 774,9521. from Parliamentarians. The total receipts from horses, carriages, luggage, parcels, and mails amountedto 450,026!., andthe totalreceipts fromgeneralmerchandise, cattle, and minerals to 4,436,9141., making a grand total receipt from aU sources of traffic of 8,450,3941. In Scotland there were 1,051 miles of line open on the 30th of June, 1855. On these lines 5,465,422 passengers were conveyed-viz., 667,4431 first-classers, &V,5291 secondcdassers, 719,200 third-clasers, and 3,243,289 Parliamentarims. Of season-ticlket holders there were 1,960. These travellers yielded a gross total revenue of 325,348., of which sum the first-class passengers contributed 85,0151., the second-class 68,4791., the third-class 33,251!., and the Parliamentarians 133,0751. The receipts from horses, carriages, and luggage, &c., amounted to 46,8591., and the receipts from general merchandise to 625,6491. The grand total receipts from all sources amounted to 997,856W. In Ireland there were 897 miles of road open on the 30th of June. On these railroads travelled 3,063,584 passengers, including 379,228 of the zirst-class, 1,231,865A of the second-class, 658,702 of the third-class, 791,663 Parliamenta. rians, and 2,125A season-ticket holders. The total receipts from passengers amountedto249,9371., of which sumthe firstclamers contributed 57,6691.; the second-classers, 94,6581. the third-classers, 31,3281.; and the Parliamentary passengers, 60,428. The receipts from horses, carriages, luggage, and mails amounted to 45,5581., and those from general goods and cattle to 150,3011.; making a grand total revenue from all sources of traffic of 445,6981. A comparative summary shows that in the whole of the united kingdom there were on the 30th of last June 8,115 miles of line open for traffic, against 7,803 miles on the 30th of June, 1854; that 51,815,149. passengers were conveyed thereon, against 50,367,404 in 1854; that the receipts from passengers amounted to 4,125,4871. (exclusive of extra fares), against 4,081,7921 in 1854; and that the receiptsfrom goods and cattle amounted to 5,212,8651., against 4,826,8251. in 185. The grand total revenue of all railroads for the halfyear was 9,894,0491., against 9,424,6031. in the corresponding half-yearof 1854. LLANELLY. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterday at the London Tavern, Mr. J. Biddulph in the chair. The Secretary read the report, which stated that the earnings in the six months ending the 31st of December last amounted to 8,9121 and the expenses to 5,9201., leaving a surplus of 2,99 After the payment of the interest on debentures, 7361., there remined aust profit of 2,2551. The profit made uapon the whole year applicable to divi dends amounted to 3,640C., of whtich the dividends payable on the$5 per cent- preference shares were 6731., leaving 2,9fi7L for the ordinary shares. The directors recommend a dividend of 11. per share npon the original shares. The wrorks on the Iandilo extenswon have been proceeded with in a satisfactory manner, though not so rapidly as had been expected. ie 'nreport of Mr. Samuel, the engineer, stated that if the present rate of progress in relaying the mainL line be maintained the whole will be completed by hliidsummner. -Some unaforeseen difficulties in obtaininag possession of a portion of the land will delay the opening of the Llanldilo entension till !didsummer. He had every reason to believe that the Vale of TowylRailwvay would be ready for opening simultaneousely with the Llandilo exctension. The capital ncconnt showed that 260O,988L. had been received, and 257,2571 expended, leaving a balance of 3,731C. On the motion of the C &Lni2A the report was adopted, and a dividend of 1L. per share declared on the old shares. T he retiring directors, Mlessrs. Bidduiph, Butts, and Christie, were re-elected. It was stated that the owners of the anathracite coal en the line preferred a small trade and very high prices to a large trade and moderate prices. Overtures had been made from the Vale of Towy Bailway Company to lease it to the Ilanelly Company. Several shareholders objected to leasing the line in the present' condiEion of the company, although it might eventually be advantageous to do so, on the ground that improvident leases bad seriously injured many railway companies. MTr. SAaIUEL, C.E., said that might be true in respect of lines that had cost 30,0001. per mile and upwards, bub when it was considered that the V ale of Towy line would not cost 5n,0001. per mile the advantages were apparent, as it would extend their lIne to ILlandovery. A vote of thanks to the chairman concluded the proceedings. TAEFiIC BETIIRNIS. Ral Miles Pas- 3er- Teta1, Total. oa5s eno . Megess.chandise. 1856. ISiS. week endiy Jn. 13. £ £. £. £ atAngLian . -----...- -. E880 .. 749 week ending JanL 19. Aberdeen and Scottish Mid- land Junction . . . .115 . . - . . - . - 2,888. . 2,546 Wfeek eading Jan. 20. ISrist41 andExeter . . -. .117 . . - . . - .. 5.488. - 4,957 London, TIlbury, and Eout- endExtension ....-.. .. - -- ZS2 .. 1022.. 888.. - week ending Jan. 26. orkandnandon ........ .. 20 -- - -. - -- 193 -- 197 Lon dond erl vandEn n i s} sl1en 60 . . 2 12 . - 354 - .- 58 6-6 54&5 libitli-Eastern ........ ..- 783k . -- - - -. 28,310 .. 27.227 WaterfordandKrilkennyv -- - -- -- - - 2586 28. Waterferdand).imexick - 77 -- -- - - 0.. g+771 Week endinEJan. 27. htweniaudltetterdamz -- - -.272 -- 184 .. 438 -. S irken he ad, I an caie. and CheshiireJunction ....... .. - .. - .. - .. l,783 . 1,683 Chesterandllelyhead -- . . - .. - .. 3,0.. 3,73J559 Dblin andEelfasi JuncUion 58 . . - . . - . . 2565 .. 730 Eate Couties ITorfolk and Eastern Union - 417 -., - .. -.... 21,44 - 17.897 1 aSt ancashlre ...... .. 93 .. - .. - .. 5,3S1. 4,52.° Great Western -..... .. - .. - .. - .. 23,154 . 19,02 hiaeaerondyorksbre .......... 286* - .. - -- .. -- 19,639 - 17,625 London andBla4cwall -......... - - .1,191 -.. 76 . - 1,2S6 lO.t Manchester. SheiEeld. and Lincolnahire -- -- IlSi.. 1 - -- - .. 81317.. 8,179 Mdland - 48 --. . .. 498 - . - 26816 -. 2*,971 Midland Great Western f7e land)-... . . .- .1,5D3 ..1,709 ... 3,212 ... 2,634 lTewlort, Abergavenny, and Reeord -. . - - . _ ---. 87 5 .. 826 Oxford, Worcester, and Wol- verhanipton - ..1.. S3453 ..2,124.. 3.607 ... 2,500 Ebrew9sburyandBirmingham - .. - ..- - .. 1,293.. - 1,05 Shaawobu,y and Chester .---- . .. - ..- 2,491.. 1,T6S ShropihirelUrion .. .. 29* -- - .. - .. 704 .. 712
[Advertisement.l-The Ieeting of Parlament.-The "Observer" of Sunday next, Febrary 3Z wil contain a full and accrate rCeort of the debates and proceedingS in Parliament in r ect to the conduct of th war in the East and in the Baltic6 and authentic information on the subject of the important negotiations for peace which are annonnced to be opened inmediately in Paxif AJI matters of foreign and domestic interest are sedulourly atteuded to in the " Observer," which, being a serenth&da ronal (as well as a weekly one). enjoSs a great metropolitan ciret. Btion, ansing om its containing al t a Saturday's nes, inciuding meetings of unblic bodies (Metropolitn Board of Works), publia dinnF COS Oflaw, Court Circular, thcatres, &c, Thebsnesa of the metroDolitanparsb*s. aweli as sturytbing connected wit.h the new Mdetropolitan Board of works, will be found exclusiely in the " ObFerrer. The "0Obserrecr' is publitbed every 8unday morning st 4 o'clock riec. atamped. fd.. unstmped. 5d. An edition of the " Oh- rver, containing al the marke4 is also published H- Monday, at f o'loein the afternoon; prioc. stamped, L-zOfficei 17, Strand. [AdernntlThe"WeeklcliDtch" of Suday nextF, Febrar 3, co thn e Que's Spechi uPen the opening of }Parhament,-iiebteon the Addreaan 3Essy entitled "Are we to hare PeaceP'-r. Bright'sSpeeh atMancherLetter by "Pabli. cuba" "Bsigt's Confessio, ot lPolitfeal Faith," and byt "Caustic," *'AKdjrIniLsrati,e Refom"-nter frorn ib9 rinit5, tC Of cc, lli Fle;tt-ee.
LAW REPORT. MTMIP A'P rlzzAV(TTMV -T.-'" TI AORMY-:GM AL V. TIHE MASTEI AND BRSTHEN OF TUE ROSPITAL OF Sr. CROSS.-ES PARTE I OTMTXAWAV (Before th LoRDs JusTcIEs of APPPAT,.) This petition, when heard before the Lords Justices, assisted by Ifr. Justice Wightman and Mr. Justice Erie, on the 3d and 4th of July, 1855, before the last Long Vacation, was very fully reported iln 2c Times. It is needful only to state tbUt the discussion was whether the Rev. Mr. Holloway, on the 7th of May. 1854, was, as he alleges himadf to be, churchwarden of the parish of St. Faith? secondly, whether ho could on that day exercise that office within the chapel of St Cross? and, thirdly, whether the acts done by him on that day, and froma a repetition of which he 2s restrained by an order of the3 Master of the Rolls, were done by him in the lawful exercise of his office of churchwarden of St. Faith ? Their Tordships, after stating that the matter had been most satisfactorily distinguished for diligence and ability on the part of Wr. Baggallay, the counsel for Mr. Holoway, and referring at length to the history of the p?leadings, read the opinion of the common law dges, in which they (the Lords Justices) ex.pressed their and entire concurrence. The joint opinion of Mr. Justice Wightmnan and Mfr. Justice Erle was a documnentof very great length and of a most elaborate nature, the conclusions drawn from the reasoning in which were that, as to the first question, whether 3fr. Holloway was on the day in question churchwarden of St. Faith, the answer must be in the affrmative, but it was added, that as to that there had been no dispute; as to the second question, whether Mr. Holloway could on the day mentioned exercise that office in the chapel of St. Cross, it must be answered in the negative. Their Lordships were of opinion as to this, after considering the evidence arising upon registrations of marriages, births, and deaths, and the other evidence relied upon in support of Mr. Holloway's case, there was nothing to lead to the conclusion of such union as to make the chapel of the hospital the parish church of St. Faith ; that although in 1446 there had been a union for certain purposes, that had not given the parishioners of St. Faith a right to the chapel of St. Cross as their church, and there was no mode by which the master of the hospital could affect the property of which he was in effect a trustee. With regard to the third question, whether the acts done were done by Mr. Holloway with lawful exercise of his authority of St. Faith, it must be answered in the negative; and that Mir. Holloway, if the chapel of St. Cross were not the parish church of St. Faith, had no right as churchwarden - that it had not been shown that the churchwardens of St. Faith had acted within the chapel of St. Cross, and no presumation to that effect could be admitted; and that their Lorships knew of no right in a churchwarden to perform or provide for the performance of the duties and services of a church during a vacancy; and, in the case of sequestration, the practice was for the churchwardens to provide for the performance of the services of the church, but that was done not in the character of churchwardens, but as officers of the bishol: of the diocess. The Lords Jus'.ices concluded by directing the dismissal of the appeal, and declaring that MIr. Holloway would neither pay nor receive costs. Sthe S olor- 6encral , Ml r. W. M James, and Dr. Bayford were counsel for the respondents; Mr. Hobhouse for the Bishop of Winchester; r. Ba,ggaayfor Mr. Holloway.
P,OT,T-ql MTTRT- X.- Ql FERRANIO V. THE CORPORATION OF BRADFORD. (Before the MAs=R of the RoDIJ) Mr. }L. kAR (vwith whom was Mr. H. C. Jones)moved for an injunction in this case to restrain the corporation of Bradford from continuing to divert the course of a stream which passed through the plaintiff's park. It appeared that in the year 1845 an act of Parliament was passed toestablish a waterworks company to supply the town of Bradford with water, and the powers given to this company were saubsequently assigned.to the corporation of Bradford. The corporation had divrerted the streama in question without givirg the plaintifflany compens3tion or tendering him any bond for toe future payment of compensation, which the plaintiff now contended the cor,oration was bounmd to do, under the lands Claxuses Consoldation and the General Waterworks Acts. Mr. LLOYD and 3Mr. COP.=U appeared for the corpora. tion, and contended that these acts did not apply. His HoNoiz, however, held that they did. and granted the injunction as prayed. GOUGE V. iUNTJ G. Mr. KEENcE applied in this case for the commitment of the Sheriff of Middlesex to the Queen's Prison for a contemp~t of Court. Sa execution had been levied by the sherffl upon certain patent machinery and other effects in the possession of a receiver appointed by the Court. Notice of the decree had been served upon the sherif who refused to withdraw. Mr. GBxEEN- appeared for the sheiff, who was ready to withdraw, and submitted that he had seized the goods in jonorance, and offered to restore them to the officer in anthority of the Court. MWr. YOUG appeared for the execution creditor, and His Hiosoa said thatb, under the circumstances, he was not called upcon to makfe any order. He should, however, refuse all parties their costs but the receiver.
VICE-CRANOELTORS' COUkTRIY .TA- .27- WELLSLEY V. 3OR!IKGTON. (Before Vicc-Chanceflor Sir R. T. KmnyDaRSLEY.) Upon the petition in tlhs cause, for the removal of the receiver, Mr. ROLT having replied, The VICECHANCELLOR reserved his judgment. The Court was occupied during the day in disposing of matters involving no public interest. (Before Vic-Caancellor Sir Join SUART.) IN RE LONDON AND BIRMNGHAM EXTENSION AND NORTH- A3lTON, BIR hNCGUH , DAVENTRY, LEAMINGTON, AND WARWICK RAILWAY COM.ANIES-EX PARTE HIGGIS. This was a motion on behalf of Lucy Higgins, widow and executrix of the late William Higgins, to reverse or vary the decision of Master Blunt disallowing the claim of Mrs. Higgi-s, as executrix of her late husband, and to have it declared that the sum of 2,584!. 15s. due to her as such executrix for work and labour done by W. Higgins under the order of the committee of management of the company formed a debt due from the Company proveable under the order for winding up the company's affairs, and that Mrs. Biggins might be admitted to prove under such order for the sum of 25841. 15s. The claim arose for work done in the year 1846 by Mr. Higgins in respect of valuing the lands, houses, and buildings along the line projected by the company. An action wzas brought by Hliggins aganstflopkins, one of the acting committeeof the company, in which averdict was given, in April, 1848, for Hethins A rule for a new trial was obtained by Higgins in the ensuing November term, but such new tial had not yet been had. In August, 1851, Mr. Justice Patteson, on the application of Hopkins, ordered that all further proceedings in the action should be stayed, until such proof should have been made as required by the Joint-Stock Companies Winding-up Acts before the Master against Hopkins being sued as a partner or contributore to the company. Higgins subsequently died, and since his death his widow sad executri had taken proceedings in the Master's-office with the view of estabLishing the above claim as a debt against the company; but the Master disallowed it, on the ground of its being barred by the Statute of Limitations. It was contended, in support of the motion, that the order for winding upprevented the operation of the Statute of Limitations in ties same manner as a decree in a legatese's or creditor's suit, or an adjudication in bankruptcy. In opposition to the motion it was contendedthat theWindgup Acts were intended for the benefit of contrihutories, and that they did not affect the rightsand remedies of creditors Mfr DE &EX, for Mrs eiggins, supported the motion and Mr. Selwyn and Mor. foxburgh, for the official manager resisted it. - The VICE Cmcewood said that he was of opinion the claim was not barred by the Statuate of Limitation,s, nor by the ladies of those who had prosecuted it. He should therefore reverse the MJaster's decision, but, as the question was purely legal, andone for acourt of law, the order he should make would be that Mrs. Higgins should be at liberty to take such proceedings at law as she might be advised, with leave to the official manager to defend such action, the judgmenttobe recovered therein to be dealt with as this Court should direct, with liberty to apply. The official manager's costs to be paid out of the estate. THE GOVERNORS OF THE GRAYCOAT HoSprrAL v. THE WESTNSTER srROVEaiNiT CoLansIONERS. This was a motion on behalf of the governors of the Graycoat Hospital, in Tothill-fields, founded by Queen Amne, for an injunction to restrain the defendants from receiving the rents of Nos. 1, 2 3. 4, and , Brewers in the Horseferry-road, directed to be conveyed by tedefendants to theplantiffs, andalso fromreceiving the rents of 17 houses numbered respectivelv between land 32 both inclusive, in Orchard-street, the property of the plaintiffs and for the appointment of a receiver of such rents. It appeared that, in order to carry out the plan for the improvement of Westminster, an arrangement was come to between the plaintiffs and defendants that the former should convey certain portions of the property belonging to the charity of which they were governors to the latter, and that the latter should convey to the former some of the new houses to be erected-by the latter, so that the annual income of the charity might be preserved. That arrangement was sanctioned by the act of Parliament by which the defendants were formed into a corporate body. The plaintiffs had performed their part of the ceement by conveying to the dofendantsthe property which theyhadunde ento conveyto them, but the defendants had failed to carry out their part of the agreement. There was a fund in court arising from the sale of property formerly belonging to the plaintiffs, but conveyed to the defendants, and a petition now came on to be heardwith the present motion, prayingthat the dividends thereon and so much compensation might be paid to the plaintiffs as would p reserve the income of the charity. Mr. Bacon and Mr. Collins appeared for the plaintiffs, Mfr. Selwryn for the charity trustees, Mr. Wickens for the Attorney-General, and Mr. Pearson for the trastees of the commissioners. The defendants had been served with a notice of the present motion and with the petition, but they did not app,ear. The VICEmCHANCELLOB made an order as asked. (Before rcc-Ckanceflor Sir W. P. WooD.) STIFF V. CASSELL AND OTERS. - This motion was again brought on. Upon the firet appli cation to the Court on Friday last, after the case on behalf of the plaintiff had been opened, the motion was directed to stand over to enable the defendant, J. F. Smith, to make an affidavit in reference to the matters at issue in the suit. The case, so far as it proceeded, was fully reported upon that,occasion, and it will be sufficient to state that the plaintiff, who is the proprietor of the London .Journab, claimed the exclusive services of Mr. J. F. Smith, a gentleman of hterary reputation, for his paper, under an agreement bearing date the 27th of February, 1855, and sought to restrain him from writing, and'the defendants Cassi, Petter, and Galpin from publishing, in CasseWs Rlustrcc Family Paper, a tale entitled "Dick Tarleton, or Lessons of I5fe," written by Smith, and now in course of publication in the defendants' paper. Mr. Smnith had made an affidavit in the cause, giving a somewvhat different version df the statements originlly made by the plaintiff It ap peared that llr. Smith, who bad, uender his agreement of February, 1855, commnenced a tale in the £;07uon JYouruu2 called "MnsKa ancl Faces," haA left Englancdfoe Paris in July last, from which place he forwarded to the plaintiff tbe 11th number of the tale, bringing it to a very abrupt and unsatisfactory coibclsion, accomPanied by a letter, in which he informed theplaintiff of his kavnformed an engagement with the defendants, and that he could no longer continue to write for the ondeon?ouenra?. The plaintiff wrote to Smith on the Ist of A expreas ing surprise at the letter he had received, an etig tat bre should bern Pans inma few days, when hes thould be happy to arrane nattersCu any wa that Smith mioght require, as he di not think he sul ve his condition lb leaving the Londoxr.ournasZ. Thep plitiff wasin Paris the til, tof the Queen's vidit, andet Smith itinhe ouvre. In the course of their cotnversation the plaintiff told Smith that he thought he had been very foolish to leave the London Joburna2 for Cassel's paper, to which Smith made no direct answver. From this time until January, 1I85, when tre bill was Med, there bad been no ,Ommurncation between the plaintff and smith. Mir. Rolt Mr. W. Mf. James, and Mr. Smythe appeared Mi. (illcock and 31r. Morris, for t-he defendant Smith, and Mfr, Daniel and Mr. Goren, for the other defendants, were not called on. The 'VrCE-HAL&'CxrW.n said thathe shouldlet themotion stand ever, with liberty for the Plaintiff to bring such aton as he might be advised against: Smith. The a%rcement of thep 27th of February was ope to consideratron as to its construction, and this would bea question to be determined in a court of law. He agreed that there was great difficulty in maotions for an injunction as to the exact -time at which to apply to the C-ourt without being, on the one hand, premature, or, on the other, slack. The statement in the bill, that the defendant did not give the plaintiff any explanution of his condluct, and that the plaintiff, not knowing his address, had been unahle to communicate with him ever since July, when the lIas number of "Masks and Fiaces" was sent over, was quite different from the subsequent version. Smith had plainly Iindicated in his letter sending over the lastMpotion of the tale that he was breaking his engagement and going over to Casrell; morever, the plaintiff wrote to Srnith on the Ist of August, aud saw him during that month in Paris, following up in the interview the tone adopted in his letter-one of complaint and regret rather than assertion of his legal rights. Aft-er this plan itiatin n Agut tattheageemnthad been brokn, te dfendnt mithough no to avebeen left in susens astohw h wa toempoy istime and taents for
COURT OF QUEEN'S BENCH. Wi Jm-sTAX- 3L THE QUEEN V. wILLIAM PALMER. L({Sitting in Banco, 6efre Lord C~ L and Judticcs | Vil COiEmDn,B, Wko Jr and CiRo3ToN.) ln this case, upon the reading the several afidavits of William Palmer, and a paper vwiting thereto annexed, and John Smith, it was ordered that Thursday next be peremptorily given to Mfr. W. Ward, one of the coroners for the county of Stafford, to show cause vwhy a writ of ccrtiorari should not issue,directed to him, to remove into this court all and singular inquisitions taken before the said coroner on view of the bodies of John Parsons Cook, Ann Palmer, and WalterPalmer respectively, whereby the said William Palnier stands charged with the wilful murder of the said John Parsons Cook, Ann Palmer, and Walter Palmer; and why a writ of cerhorar£ should not issue, directed to the justices of Oyer and Termiuner and gaol delivery for the county of Stafford, to remove into this court all and singular indictments which may be found before them against the said Wiliam Palmer at the next assizes for the said county, for the said murders respectively, upon notice of this rule to be given to the said coroner, and also to the attorney or agent conducting the prosecution against the said William Palmer for the saidmurders in the meantime. When the case was called on, M1r. EDWIS JAMES, QC. (with whom was lr. Hawkins) stated that the Attorney-General had had some communication with the Home-office on the subject of this prosecution, with the result of which he (Mr. James) had not yet been made acquainted. Lord CsArB1EL said it was very important that the Attorney-General should attend, and his Lordship requested that a special messenger should be sent to the learned gentleman. 3r. JAIEs said he-understood the Attorney-General was very unwell, but he would himself go and communicate with hin. Some delay then ensued, duringwhich the Comut disposed of some other business. Ultimately, Mr. JA3s returned, and, after statingthat the AttorneyGeneral would not be able to attend, as he was ill in bed, he said he (Mr. James), with his friend Mr. Hawldns, appeared on the part of the attorney who had the conduct of the prosecution of the prisoner on the two charges of murderinag his wife, Ann Palmer, and his brot,her, Walter Palmer. The learned counsel said that he and his learned friend agreed that, representing this prosecution, they did not think that the matter ought to be discussed, and they had deternminedto make no opposition to the issuing of the certiora-i, if their Lorda,ips thought it ought to issue. It could not be doubted that in the county of Stafford and the midland counties great excitement prevailed en the part of the majority, and asitwas acase i which the fate of the prisoner, William Palmer, was concerned, he (the learned counsel)would leavethe matter entirely in the hands of their Loerdahips, if they thought it right that the cerHiorari should issue. The learned counsel heme referred to a passage in the affidavit made by Mr. Smith, the prisoner's attorney, in which he stated as follows:- "I say that Mr. Deane, the solicitor for the insurance offices, and who conducted the inquiry before the coroner, en behalf of the Cron, inthe cases of Ann Palmer and Walter Palmer, iformed me that he thought there was great prejudice in the minds of the inhabitants of Staffordshire and surrounding counties, and he believed an impartial trial could not be had in the county of Stafford, or any surrounding coenty." The learned counsel, in reference to that passage, said he thought the interests of justice would be safer if the trial were not to take place at Stafford. The Attorney-General had been instructed, on the part of the Crovau, toappea on this occasion, and, if he had been able to do so, he would have made a communication much to the samne effect as he (Mr. James) had now done. He (the AttorneyGeneral) did not wish to make any opposition to the rule, but would leave the matter entirely in the hands of the Court. When the inquisitions and indictments had been brought up the question could he considered as to changing the venue, but at present the ouly question ;was whether the iquisitions and indictments ought to be bronght up before their Lordships. Mfr. HUrDDLESTON said he was instructed, with Mr. Scotland, to appear on the part of the attorney for the prosecution in the case where William Palmerwas chargedwith the murder of John Parsons Cook. He couldnot agree to the course advised by Mr. James. The party whom he represented was as anxious as anyone co that the prisoner should have a fair and impartial triaL Therefore, he would not oppose the rule by factions speeches, but he felt it to be his duty to point out to theGourttheserious diffieulties which would arise if the application were granted. The first was that therewas no instance that he (the learned counsel) was aware of where such an application had been granted. He did not suggest that the Court had not the power to grant the certiorar-; on the contrary, that 1ower must be recognized; but it had never exercised that power when an application had been made to remove a serious case of felony from one county to another. That was the object of the applcation to bring up the inquisitions and indictments. There must then be either a trial at bar or a suggestion entered to change the venue to another county. The learned counsel cited "R. v. Holden" (5 B. and Ad., 347) and "D. v. Thomas" (4 ML and S., 442). Lord CAmPBELTJ.-The power to remove the indictments sts, and cannot he denied. The absence of instances of removal may he an argument to show that there has been no case which required the exercise of the power; but it cannot show that the power oughtnoti t,o be eercised if a case occurs wvhich requires its excercise. M;r. HIUDDLEON said the reason why the Court had not exercised its powers was because of the difficulties which stood in the way. Mr. Justice CoLDGB.-You assume that we are to decide now where the venue is to be; when the indictmnents are brought up the question of venue will be raised. The C3ourt might direct a trial at bar before a Staffordshire Lord C(AssPa. said much reliance could not be placed on the fact that the Court had not exercised its power. Mr. HUDDLESToN said that the first difficulty which he apprehended was that, the recognirances of the witnesses beng discharged by the removal, he was not aware that the Court, had any power to make them enter into fresh re- Ld C.MB T hat objeclion would apply to the case where an indictment is removed from a limited jurisdiction to the county at large. Mr. HuDDLEsToN said another difficulty was the expense. Lord CA mi agmT1-That is no serious difficulty. Mr. Hu:DDLEsroN said it had been decided that when a ease was removed from the Crown side to the civil side there was no power to grant the expenses of a prosecution. Lord CAmrpsrBzrL and fr. Justice CoLrsiDGn hero mentioned several cases in which, as we understood, it had been decided otherwise. Lord CA3tps.L asked, if that were so, was that any rea son why a man was to be deprived of a fair and impartial trial? Mfr. HuIDDISTON said he could not subsaribe to the notion that the prisoner could not have a fair trial at Stafford. The excitement which prevailed was occasioned by the nature of the offence, and prevailed in every county of E;n land. Wr. JAMES said he had never said thattheprisoner would not have a fair trial at Stafford. What he had said was that the interests of the Crown and public would be safer if the trial did not take place there. Mr. HuDDimEsToN said it was impossible to say that the prisoner could not have a fair and impartial trial in a lare county like Stafford, where the Crown and prisoner would both have the right of challenge. The trial might be postponed, if neccssary,to the next asisies. Mr. JAMS saidLhe entertained no doulbt that the Government would undertake the expense of the prosecutioh. Lord C BANLL said it would be the duty of the Governnentto paytheexpenses of the prosecution.. The offence wasone whieh concerned the public, and no doubt the public revenue ought to be expended in-its prosecution. gr. HiTDLIESTON aamd lMr. lSergeant Wilas had come to the ceourt too late. The inquisition in -" Cook's case" was fuiSd a month ago, and no applicationfwas made tiUl within ikaIsst tro ays. 7lr. Eerjeant WVnL1BS then rose to supp)ort his rgles and asked the Cout whether it was necesry for him to answ what had been urged aainst it. Lord CBA3oEaL, after conferring vith the other judgi for a few mmnutes, said,-The Court had to determir whether the interests of justice required them to grant certiorari to one of the coroners for the county of Staffor to remove the inquisitions which haa been found befoi him, and to the jusEces of aselse to return any indictmeni that might be found by the grand jury. He (Lord Camj bell) wa of opinion that the ends of justice requiredthat . ceriorari should issue. The power of this Court to do 2 ws notdisputed. This high Court had the power to issuea certiorari to return any indictment from any court ii the kdngdom. The only question was whether the wxi ought to go, in order that the tril might not take place a1 the ensuing aasizs There could be no doubt that excite ment did prevail, and the solicitor for the prosecution had stated to the solicitor for the prisoner that, in his opinion, a fairtrial eould not be had in the county of Sfford. Mr Huddleston said he would point out difficulties that were in the way; but he had pointed out none. In the case ol " R. v. Bead" (3 D. ancd IL) the Court did not interfere, They entertained nc doubt that they had the power, but they did not think right to exercise it. There was no doub2 that after the removal of the indictments by certiorari the Court might direct a trial at bar, though no sufficient ground existed for that, or in any county in England in which justice could be fairly done. The mule would therefore be made absolute. His Lordship then expressed his strong desire that from this time until the trial should be over there might be no more discusios onthissubject. After the trial itwouldbe gatelfti.' raat to criticizte conduct ef the eirof £he judge, or the guilt or innocence of the prisoner; but pending the trial such discussions were much to be deprecated, and if any case of the lind were brought before the Court we the party was actuated by improper motives the Court woulki know how to deal with it. He (Lord Campbell) had no doubt the prLsoner -ould have what he was entitled to-_ fair and impartial triaL At present the law presumed hiux to be innocent, but if he should be eventually found to -be guilty he would suffer the penalty which the law provided. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said he would not say anything to weaken what had already been said by Lord CanpbeU. The decision of the Court was hlmited to onething, the delay of theponei'staiaL. Scarceyanytbiughad been saMdor that point; but his Lordship expressed a strong opinici that this delay ought to be interposed rather than that the pr r should go to his trial wth any reasonable grouni for believing that he would not have a fair and impartial lfr. JTusice WIGW AIA and Yrf. Justice Cno3m''n expressed similar opinions. Mr. JMEfs hoped that there wyouldbenodelayinthe proceedings, and suggested that this case should come ozt upOU the first day of next term, and that terms should be imposed as had been done in the case of ".1L v. Hunt? (3 B, 3fr. Jusice CBMwm'oy said that could not be done unti! the prisoner had pleaded. The rule for the certiorarito bring up the inquisitions and any indictments that may be found at the assizes was thena made absolute. Although this was the last day of tern, all the busines had been disposed of by 1 o'clock, at which hour the Couri1 rose. BAIL COURT. Mr. Justice ERL sat to-day until he went to the House of Lords, but nothing occurred to justffy notice.
COTTRT OF COMMON PTLAAS. Wmq'wn tA . -2 ANEkY (AIPELLAYT) V. LEWIS (ESPO1XDTh\). I(Sitings in Banco, Hilary Tern, before Zor Chkej JuIsic JESB anmJusticcs CiuRswJL, W BAREL, e4u CRinwnEru.. . tj C axWA U j UL VXtU Juugmunel Thiswas an appeal from the decision of the revising-barm sister for the western division of Kent. The appellant claimed to vote for lewisham, in respect of a contract for the purchase of some freehold land, the conveyance ot which was agreed to be delayed to snit the convenience ot the purchaser. No conveyance by deed had in consegqence been executed, and the claimant had Xnever exercised any rights of ownership over the land, although he had paid thG purchase-money. The land wcas unlet, bnt of sufficient value to give a freehold vote. The revising-barrister die allowred the claim.o The CouIRT were of opinion that the decison of the revising-barrister was right. Jndgment for the respondent. Several motions involving points of practice eredisposed of inthe course of the morning, and their Lordships rose early to attend the opening of Parliament. This being the last day of term, the Court was adjounel tothe fxst day of next term.
CO1RT OF EXCIROTEMR A m 2dfSo0E V. WILLIAMS.--DGXMN=. (Sitings in Banco.) Tho CTIEF BAEol, at the sitting of the Court, deliverede judgment in tlis case, which was argued yesterday. The circumstances were then mentioned, and it may now sufice to say that the rule for a new trial was ordered to be dis. charged. The CotnT then " went round the bar," until the attendance of the Barons was required in the House of Lvordfs, when the Court adjourned. After the conclusion of the Boyal ceremonial their lordships resumed their seats; but, there being no business ready, the Court fnally broke up, and brought the tenn to a close at 3 o'clock. The matters under discussion during the forenoon were not of a character to call for any detailed report. (Sittings in Banco, in the Exchequer Chaniber, before ir. Baron MIAR=.) hlr. Baron lMARTM, as this was the last day of Ilhlarr Term, sat in the Exchequer Chamber for the purpose A taking motions in easement of the full Court.:- - The matters which cune before the Court. during-the morning did not present any feature of general interest.
PORTUGAL. (BY ELECTBIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOIB THURSDAY. The steamer Cintra has arrived with advices from Lisbon to the 26th inst. The same day, at 5 p.m., she passed the Sultan going into Lisbon. Our correspondent writes on the 26th :-The Cortes resumed their sittings on the 19th inst., being engaged in the election of councillors. Nothing of public interest had taken place. A bill to extend the period of old coinage will be discussed to-day, when it is expected the Finance -Minister will bring forward his report, and bills respeeting contracts and loans for railway construction. Although the heavy gales upon the coast have subsided for the last few days, rain continues to fall in great abundance. The Donna Maria steamer has been unable to take in her cargo, and her departure for the Brazils is put off to the 6th of Febraary. Accounts from Algarve represent two-thirds of the inhabitants of that province as being reduced to the greatest misery. The rains and storms have stopped the fisheries, inundated lands, and maany houses have fallen there in consequence of the wet season and shocks of earthquake. The sufferings upon the banks of the Tagus and other rivers are also very great, and much of last year's promised abundance of oil has been neutralized by the loss of the olives, which could not be gathered, and have been carried off by the floods. All this actual distress, and the impossibility of doing necessary agricultural labour to secure this year's crop of gpain, render the country's prospects gloomy in the extreme. I am sorry to report the distressing loss of the Portugaese brig Orient, Captain Faria, out 64 days from Loanda, at daybreak on the 21st inst., upon a rock called the Guinche near the Rock of Lisbon. The fog was so intense that the vesselwas almost upon the rock it split upon before it was perceived, and only six of the crew were saved. Those lost include the captain, who was a son of the owner, two passengers, and seven sailors. One of the passengers, after being lodged upon the rock, was washedoffagain while in the act of kneeling inthankfulness for his short-livedpreservation. News has just been received here of the loss of the English brig Standard, Captain Byrne, from Alexxmdria, with beans, and last from Cadiz, bound for Cork. According to the captain's account, from Villa Nova de S. Antonio, the wreck took place on the 6th inst., upon the Christina Island, near Ayamonte; the* crew were saved, and the captain was looking out for sach parts of the ship and cargo as mnight be washed on shore. The James de Castro steamer left this yesterday, for Glasgow, and the steam-transport Edina, No' 199, came in forcoals, aften having been out ten days from London, for Constntinople and Balaklava. The following ships have put into Lisbon for repairs The Java, from theFalkland Islands, for London, with the es-Governor and family, as passengers; the Thomas Fielding, from Batavia, for Liverpool; and the Queen, from Cardiff, for Barbadoes. Advertisement.1-The best French Dictionary published is ~e La Voye's French-English and English-French Dictionary, price ft, strongly bound. "This dictionaq fyf Laoclwowa h at French Mster at Addiscoomhe, indudes aln the rnitary, naval, and wnimzercial tcrms, v ith the grammatical formation of the irregu larver;a nd a.comDendion key to the wrhole. Altogether it isa roast u esl bookc; got up with great accancy, and contains a vast deal of o4rigxamiy mi its arrangement. that wilrove a greatlhelp fo al! who desire to cultivate an intimate knewlelege of the English sand French lsagoagei'. There is little doubt that it wilbecome a standar book of eedncacien.)' 4-uden, George loutledge and o lEndensteet. S
TURKEY, -:-a:- I Ilmnir MM - I CONSTANTlOPI, XA. .| As you may imagine, peace and war are the subjects which monopolize all attention since the newvs spread on Thursday last that Russia had accepted without reserve the propositions embodied, in the Austrian uUititatin. As the news arrived on Exchange day, and as the day before the whole place was full of news of quite an opposite character, namely, the departure of Prince Gortschakoff from Vienna, the first idea which occurred to most people was that it was a dodge of some of the speculators, but it soon became known that telegraphic news to that effect had reached the Austrian Minister, andlater the Frealch Embassy. NWext day, Baron Prokeschi went to announce it officially to the Forte. Since thten the question of peace or War has replaced the conventional phrase of "R ow do you dot" and "ICboU1:" It is a question which concerns everyone, beginnng from the Sultani down to the last beggar i the streets,i more closely here than anywhere else. Leavingaside the military part of the population, in whom the idea of peace conjures up dreams of home instead of visions of glory, the rest of the inhabitants and temporary residents have been, perhaps, even more agitated by it, and the nightmare of lost profits, runous contracts, and decreasing house rents, which must follow in the wake of peace. Whatever be the real propositions made in the Austrian ldtiviat urn, and accepted, it must be hoped that military operations will not be subordinate to the negotiations. The idea of peace alone is sufficient to exert a dangerous influence over them, for, whatever the ancient proverb says about preparing for war if one wishes for peace, in reality warike preparations, with the idea of peace in the background, are not likely to be very energetic, as has been sufficiently proved by the experience of this very war. Before the bad weather set in, and when a7l apprehensions of an advance of the allied armies had ceased, the Russians sent old soldiers, from each regiment stationedin theCrimea, back into the interior, to instruct the recruits. Is it not in the interest of Russia to cripple next campaign by negotiations, which may be brokea off at the eleventh hour, and thus to confine the operations to the Crimea and gain a year for the formation of her recruits ? The Turkish official world at Stamboul is Stil in suspense about the Ministry. The Sultan is said to press very much, especially since the last fortnight, Redschid Pasha to accept office, appealing to his patriotic feelings; but as he does not consent to sanction the programme, w hich the latter proposes, the chances of a Redschid MIinistry are becoming smaller. I hear the latter is determined not to give way on this point, as the experience which he had when he was last time Grand Vizier proved that, unless some conditions be stipulated and adhered to by the Sovereign, he has no chance of doing anything. The Loan Commission has at last tired out even Turkish official slowness, and is beginning to get into working order, with regular sittings twice a week. The project which has been submitted to the Porte defining the exact position of the Commission, has, with very small modifications, been accepted. These modilications are for the most part only a- paraphrase of the original propositions. The only modification containing more than a change of phraseology concerns the communications of the Commission with the Turkish Government. The Commission did not specify the exact way in this respect, using the general ter of the Sublime Porte; in the modification introduced the Grand Vizier is put forward as the medium of communication. The object of the modification is evidently to lay the whole responsibility of all departments on his shoulders and make him thus endorse all expenses of the different Mlinistries. As the modification did not directly concern the Commission, itwas not objected to. Another trifing modification, or, rather, explanation, is made in the paragraph about consulting the Commission in every contract of a considerable amount. The Turkish modification fixes this amount at G00,000 piastres. To make these small alterations fully three months were required, and it is onily fair to state the facts as they occurred. Immediately aftertheir arrival the commissioners drew up, in concert with the ambassaddrs, the project specifying the functions of the Comnnission. This project wvas sent to the Porte on the 24th of September last, with the notice that the first instalment of the loan had arrived. To this first communication no official answer was returned until the 31st of October, when an interview was asked with the commissioners in which the matter was discussed; but no resolution was passed, and it wasproposed that the commissioners should attend one of the Councils in order to see how affairs relating to contracts were managed in Turkey. N\o opportunity, however, for this was given until the 24th of November. Up to that time no money had been asked for. On the 1st of December 500,0001. were asked for, and, although the Commission was not yet constituted, the commissioners consented to give the money, and it was paid on the 3d of the same month. It was not until the 15th of December that an answver was officially returned to the memorandum of the Conunission, in which the principle of control was accepted, but five pages of exceptions made. Finally, about the beginning of this month, the propositions of the Conmission wvere accepted, Nwith the slight modifications I mentioned above. Tghus you see the delays did not come from the commission. They were the natural result of the patriarchal way of treating finances which has hitherto prevailed in Tar~key. The principle of incivilual responsibility for each Minister,whichthe supervision of the commission made necessary, cotuld not be estabished withoutf difticudty, and it was, perhaps, evxenseith gbenter difficulty that the vag,ue statements of a Turkish 3inisterial budget could be sufficiently cleared up to present it to the Conmmission. I gave you, in one of my former letters, the principal points which define the nature of the COntracBnamely, that a statement of the ordinary and extraordinary expenses be furnished to the Cominission; that vouchers of some kind or other be given for all the sums paid out of the loan, and that contracts of a larger amount be submitted for advice to the Commission. Its whole project is based on these three ponsts. Besides the general statement of finances to be furnished by the Porte, the Commission reserves to itself the right to ask for all the doctuments and all the information which it miwht require.; It stipulates, besides, that the Mnistry should give in a statement of the sums required for the month, and the share xhich is to be paid from the proceeds of the loan. For the supplementary expenses a special report is desiredl, containin the causes which makce them necessary. The only point which now remains to be settled is the manner howv the funds should be transmittedl. The Commission proposed to open it to competition Oll the Exchange, and accept the most favourable offer. N!othing has been decided as yet in this respect. The news from Persia relates almost exclusively to the Herat affir. The official gazette of Teheran, which has been for some time past busy with Herat, has in its last number the report, that Dost Mohamed Ehan was marching with an army on Herat in order to expel the Persians from there. According to the TC1eira1 Gaette, he was already one day's march on the Herat side of Candahar. E[ow he came there so suddenly is not explained, nor how he go' possession of Candahar. Although this news is of a natur to require confirmationbeforeit canbe believed, yet, as a general rule, it seems to me that it has been a great mistake to depend for news from Central Asia entirely on Indian sources, if we don't wish to get a partial view of a question. Indian people are too much accustomed to look-upon: Persia only as a sometimes troublesome neiohbour of the British empire in India, and "in the light of'the other native States with which they have come into contact, and they forget the circumstance that, unlike the other surrounding States, British influence finds itself face to face with other foreign influences in Persia, and that our unsatisfactory relations -with this empire are due, in a great measure, to this foreign influence, which takes advantage of every opPortUnity to undermine British influence. For aweakPower like Persia it is natural to throw herself into the arms of those wlio press -her least. It is true we may take Bushire anysday we like, but that would not only not diminish the weakness of Persia,s which we .alone have: to fear, but on the contrary, it would force her to seek aid vith others who- would be only too 'willing to Aford itw and thus we houle, *3ffect exactly thc reverse of what we wanted to .lo; In our appreciation of Persian affairs this point ought never to be lost sight of. The direct channels of commnunication with P1ersia on the northern road through Turkey ought, therefore, to be consulted, in order to. corxect the rather one-sided view taken of this empire in India. It is on the -northern side only that the rival foreign influences are felt and can be properly watched. The whole remainingrexistence of the Persian empire is concentrated in the north. Letters fromThessaly speak of an improved aspect of things, owing to the energy and honesty of the Governor, MIehmed Pasha. Several of the brigand chiefs have been seized and forced to disgorge their plunder. It jwould seemn at first sight absurd to tseat brigands in this manner, and think it sufficient totget back the stolen goods and imprison the ?guilty for a short time, insteadof making an example of them;* but the fact of the matter is, that these are not simply eases of brigandage, but the remains of the insurreCtiOn of 1854. and so many of the natives ~are directly or indirectly compromised by thern that one would have to shoot half the male population of the mountains if one were to exercise strict justice There was some time ago an apprehension that, in the usual Turkish way, Mebmed Pasha would be removed; indeed, Kurschid Pasha was already appointed to take his place, but it seems now settled that he will remain there. Yet, with every possible energy and goodwill, not much can be expected from one single man fighting against a wretched system. After the suppression of the late insurrection no mneans were taken to settle satisfactorily the government of Epirus and Thessaly, and thus to take away every just ground of complaint, and to enforce internal security, which had everything- to fear from the disbanded insurrectionists. The old corrupt system of theDerbendAgaashas been re-established in full force, and in many eases even the greatest rogues are intrusted with these offices. These Derbend Agas are Albanian chiefs, who are authorized to enlist and keep a certain number of 3nen at 50 piastres a-month and a ration of bread daily. With these they are supposed to form the police ofthe district apportioned to them. Now, what. happens ? First, the Derbend Aga must have his profit, as he gets nothing from the Government; he must pay himself in an indirect way; he keeps, for example, only one-half, or sometimes even onethird, of the men whose pay he draws. On the other hand, those irregulars themselves, who would be wretchedly enough paid if they really did get these 50 piastres a-month reguilarly, are always months, if not years, in arrear; and, as they cannot be expected to live exclusively on their rations of bread, and supply, besides. all their little wants, they are forced to pltmder, or go shares -with the robbers, which they usually do. Yesterday another conference took place on the fourth point. The French mail due on Saturday last has again not arrived. The 3d Regiment of Light Infantry of the German Legion eame into the Bosphorus yesterday. The following is a nominal list of deaths in the the hospitals at Scutari between the 13th and 19th of January:- Miuleteer Salvo Sante, Land Transport Corps; Privates Joseph Hill, Land Transport Corps, febris typns, died on Balaldava; James Flood, Land Transport Corpse dysentery, died on passage from Palaklava; Peter Dcnvil1, L and Transport Corps, febris;* Corporal John AlexanderFanar, Land Transport Cores, dysentery;^ Pnivates Richard Tiasley, 95th, bronchitis; G.eorge lFoabury, 59th, phtbisis. Nlumber of burials in the hospitals at Scutari, from the 13th to the 19th of January :-5. Number of sick and wounded in the bospitals at Scutari on the 19th of Decemnber :-Officers sick 37; non-commissioned officers, drummers, and privates siclk, 1,164; wounded non-commissioned officers, drmnmers, and pri-vates, 12. General hospital-sick, 465; wounded, 6; Barrack ditto -sick, 552; wounded, 6; Kulule ditto-sick, 147. Total -sick, 1,164; wounded, 12. Memorandum.-Arrived sick from the Crimea on thel5th of January :-3 sergeants, 1 drummer, and 99 rank and dfie.
T11E REREErSinTnON OP EDINBUXGH. - Mr. Brown Douglas, the new candidate for Edinburgh, has issued an address to the electors, in which he offers himself on Liberal principles, and not as a Liberal Conservative, as -was stated m our last. He says:-" From conviction, and from an attentive observation of public events, I grow more deeply persnaded that the prospenty of our country depends on the freedom of its institutions, the liberal policy of its Government, the absence of all restrictions on trade, perfect toleration of opinion, and, above all, on the moral and religious character of its people.- Though not a partisan of the present Govemment, I should, if chosen your representative, be generally one of its supporters; and ecpecially I should most gladly support Lord Palmerston in his efforts to carry on -with vigour the war in which we are now enged, until it can be terminated by an honourable peace. should oppose the Government, however, in its maintenance of the Roman Catholic College of Maynooth from the public revenue, and on all occasions when they seemed to esitatein asserting those Protestant principles to which this nation owes so much of its greatness. In many of the plans -which have been devised for devating the condition of the working classes and increasing their comfort and inSduence, and in the great social and educational questions to -hich publiec attention has been recently so much directed, I take a deep interest, I thoroughly approve the provision in the act passed in 1853 for the betterregulation of publichouses in Scotland and for removing temptations to the great evil of intemperance; and I shonld object to any present interference with its operation." THE ASSAuLT SAND A=rr TErD Ronnmny AT LivxaOOL.-The brothers Robert and Henry Eyre, who were yesterday week charged before the Liverpool magistrates with a serious assault upon 3Mr, Hughes, the cashier of M1r. Durander, and with attempting to steal a cashbox containing 1,5001., underwent another examination yesterday. lr. Hughes stated that the elder prisoner struck him and knocked him down with the life-preserver, and that the prisoner Henry then came forward and hit him on the head wit a th kenr The elder prisoner tried to throttle him. A surgeon stated that the wounds of the witness Hughes, although not dangerous in themselves, might lead to serious consequences. Huzhes had his head bound with bandages. The prisoner lRo%ert put in a written docunient, in which he alleged that he had not been able to obtain work; that he was in a state of starvation, and could not obtain reief from the parish. Hle had a helpless family of small children, who had not eaten anything for 36 hours. These circumstances tempted him to commit the offence, and he had felt as if hurried on to destrmution by some irresistible influence. He had good references, and, if he could obtain his liberty, it was his intention to join a rregiment of drag,oons. He then threwt himself upon the mercy of the Court, begging the mag,istrates tocdeal summarily with the case. This the magistrates declined to do, and both prisoners were committed for trial at the assizes. LThvErooL SAimoS' HoME.-The annual meetina of the subscribers to this excellent institution Was held yesterday. The report for the year 1855 stated that, during the 12 months just past, 2,623 men and 428 apprentices, making in all 3,051 inmates, had bearded in the Home, against 2,S91 in the preceding year; 400 of these had been resident in the Home twice or thrice before. These numbers were highly satisfactory to the committee, considerinm the amount of influence brought to bear by crimps and keepers ofprivatehouses ofaccommodationtolure sailorsfrom theplace. Thereceiptsforthesavings-bankwerealso encouraging. Those in 1854 were 12,6321X, and the balamce deposited atthe close of the year was 4,369L., while the receipts for 1855 were 21,9891., and the balance now in hand was 9,011L. This department had, therefore, doubled itself in-12 months. The library and other educational departments of the institution were also in successful operation. The President, Mr. Aiken, stated that the crmping systemu was stiil carried on to a great extent in the port, and he did not see how it could be effectually put down until those connected with sps made the Home the only place from which to get PiuBsoa P)nToNs.-A return, issued on Wednesday, informs us that the total amount of money paid for prnting and folding the reports, appendices, and indices on public petitions was, in 1854-55, 1,7451., against 1,7921. in 1854, and 2,448!. in 1852-53, the average of the three years having been 1,9951. The average of the five years from 1847-48 to 1852, was 1,8691. per annum; inthe quinquennial period from 1SS7-8 to 1842, 1,426. -; and in the quinquennial period from 1833to1837, 1,553 The increase of expenso is partly caused by the more-frequent 'reports of the committee who, to meet the wishes of members, and for the sake of a prompt publication of petitions, have met shnce 1847-48, thrice instead of twice a-week, saving thereby, on the other hand, a considerable expense by doig away with the necessity of printing petitions in the supplement to the "Votes." An index to the appendix is also now publshed. There is lhkewise a great increase in the price of paper. The above return was moved for by Mr. Erotherton,ILP. Inda'may F'nxsng .-Yesterday there 2 as a military funeral procession from Brompton, the headquarters of the Royal Sappers and Miners, to Gilingham. Of the founr young gentlemen whio were drowfned In the Medway some weeks since three only have been found, the last being Ensign Battnne, of the E3ast India Com pany's Engineers. At half-past 2 o'clock, the Royal Sappers anxd Mliners being drawn up in open column, two acep, on the parade ground, the body passed through in3the followig order:-Thefiring party of 24Sapers with their guns reversed The and. The body,bore bey eight Sappers and Mimers, the pall supported by six offlicers of the Royal Engineers, an additional officer being-in the rear; next followed about 300 of the SaBpprs and Iners, four deep ; after whom came 100 officers of the'Royal Egineer corps and the Provisional Battalion, four deep, the whole closely followed by Colonels Henry Sandham and Henry John Savageq;EE. After quitting-the barrack-square the Commandant of the Garrison, Colonel Henry Edeni, with hisiMajor of Brigade, MEajor Gordon, joined the funeralprocession, which-nmarched to Gillingha4? the place of interment, the band playing the DeafMarch ha Send1. The funeral party was commanded by Capt.ain Fitztoy Somerset, RoyalEngineers,
Y4YVAL-AND MILITARY I2QTER1Njfl Her X[ajest-,s. steam blqk H.in Xawke, 60o, Capt, Ommanney, arrived at 8pithead yesterday afternoon fti Fiamouth, where officers and men have left a most favourable impression, in conjunction -with the Iilitia stationTed there, as exR:essed in the following presentment of t3a grand jnur of the Borough Sessions, held on the 22d :. - " We beg to congratulate the town and neighbourhood ont the usual orderly and good conduct manifested by the Mlditia and seamen duiing the time the iliitia have been, embodied and Her Majesty's sip Hawke has been stationeL at this port." Her Majesty's ship Royal George, 101, acrew threedecker, Captain H. J. Codrington, C.B., arrived at Spithead yesterday afternoon from the eastward, to rejoin thee Baltic leet. The steam transport Hope, No. 64, Captain Bowen; arived at'Spithead yesterday afternoon from the East. She left Malta January 16, and Gibraltar January 24. O0, the 26th, off Cape Vincent, she signalled a ship showing: second pendant No. 9,617. The Hope isin ballast; no invalids or passengers. Her Majesty's ship Niger, Commander Hire, having basi in commission five years and a half, was yesterday morning: paid off in Woolwich Dockyard, The most friendly feelbig har existed between officers and men, iDcluding the detachment of Marines, and on separating hearty rounds or cheering pasEed from corps to corps. The Nigerhas been actively employed during the whole of the past campaign She vill be refitted at Woolwich with new hollers andengines. An engineer and some stokers of the Nigeremain at Kertch, where they have completed the erectiona of a condenser for the supply of fresh water for the troops,. which answers the purpose well. The experimnental inortar-raft,having undergone the series; of trials considered necessary with the heavy mortar, has again returned to Woolwich. It was yesterday miorning equipped with one of Colonel Chalmer's 10-inch guns, forcarrying on further experiments, for which purpose the raft. is about to be re-conveyed to Shoeburyness, in order to test;, more fully its capability aud efficiency. The magazines in: the body of the pontoons, having been strengthened, nowform perfectly dry Teceptacles, and are sufficiently spaciou= for all the purposes of stowage, &c., for the service of the. raft. This gun will be fited vith an 84Fo. shell, which in experimental use. is increased in weight by being partially filled with sand. The paddle-wheel transport Cumberland, No. 152; arrived at Woolwich yesterday morning from the docks, ani is to commence shipping a general cargo from the Arsenal stores for the use of the army in the East. Forty-one men of the 7th Dragoon Guards, who have volunteered into the 1st Dragoon Guards for serice in thef Crimea, arrived at Exeter a few days ago from Edinburghj. to join the depot of the 1st Dragoons, now at the Exeter barracks, revious to going out to the Crimea; 150 men of the Ro Artillery, with six field-pieces, have also passea through Exeter on the way to Plymouth. A body of the Medical Staff Corps will be medically in. spected to-day at the General Hospital, Fort Pitt, previous to their being called on for embarcation. A drcular has been issued from the rorse Guards to o9iD. cers commarnding districts, regiments, and depots, enclosing instructions to issue an extra allowance of fuel, to 'fhe extent of one-third, to all troops occupying hut barracks. Such instructions have been sent to the barrack-masters atLeeds, Hamilton, Colehester, Shorncliffe, Pembroke, Chatham, Aldershott, Curragh of Kildare, and Woolwich_ The extra allowance of fuel is also to be made atthe seTeral stations in Ireland at which huts have been erectedl A circular has just been issued from the AccountantGeneral's office, War Department, to barrack-masters, enclosing anew form for lodging moneyto officers of regularand militia regiments, and directing attention to variousm points, w ith the view that full information should bh obtained in respect to the amout of the claim and other par. ticulars THE MELrT A; The volunteering from the 24 :Royal Lanark 3lllltia tooc place on Monday last at ILanark, when 93 fine young men were enisted in the Line, of whom upwards of 80 wera for the 92d Highlanders, Scotch Fusileer Guards, and other Scotch regiments, maldng nearly 309 men which this regiment has given to the Line since July. Tho regimentis still more than 500 strong. Yesterday 44 volunteers from the Devonshire MElitia arrived at Chatham garrison for the purpose of joining the. depots of the 12th and 40th Regiment .
APPOINTAlENT OF SHERIFFS. (From the Supplemef to the London Ga.-Wc of Tuesada5 the 29th of January.-Thursday, January 31. At the Court at Buckingham Pnalace, the 30th of Jisryla, 1856- Present-The Queen's MoAt Excellent 3fajesty in Council. Sheriffs appointed by 3er Majestyin Council for the year 1856:- Bedfordshire.-Talbot Buarnnn. of Kem%stn, Esq. Berkhim-O eooe Barkerq ,f Stanlake- ouse, HRut, near Wolidng ham, Esq. Bucliinghamshire.-Williann Prederick Farer, of Brayfield-house,. Esq. Cambnigesb,ire and Isntingdonshire.-Tsanes Gay, of UpwelL Easq. Cmnbean d_-Sir Heany Ralph Vane, of Hutton-hidl ana Armathwite, Bart. Chehire-Richard CristopherNhylor. of Hooton-hall, Esq. Derbvshire.-Alfred Miller 31undy, of Shipley-halL Esq. 3)unonahire-Jaes Ssamulel Pitmam. of chidrooCk, Esr. Do re-CbarlesJamesFaddyffe, of Hyde, Bere-egis, FEq. Dnrham-llobert Smnith Surtees, of Hamlsterley-hall, Fsq. Eaae-llebert Hlls.X of Cobme Ensaine, Esq. Gloeesterhire.-ir Charles lihout Rushout, of Scizincote-housq; near Stow-on-the-Weld, Bart. Herefordshir-Charles William Alle, of the Moor, near Kington,. Fasq. lfertfordshlre,-William Joseph Myers, of Porters. Shenley, yq. Xent.-Richard Paterson, of Leesons, Chisleh-ust, near Broliey,. %eicestershire.-Thomas Cope, of Osbaston, Esq. LincoInshire.-Carles Thomas John Moore, of Frampton-hall, Esq. fonsmoulhioe:-EdwardBLgeal l)Dimnmach,. of Pontypool, Esq. Enrfolk.-Robert XedleK long6 of Dunston. Esq. Northamptonshire scar 'Wiliam Pubrough, of IIpwell-ball, Es. 2orthrnmberland.-Bryan Enarel, of Eroome-parr, Esq. orttinghamsh-ie-Samuel WIlli-m Welfitt, of Lingwith-lodge, Esqg Oafordshire.-William Evette, of Tacldey-parh, Eaq. Rutlandshire.-Clarke Morris, of Oakham, Esq. Shropshiru-Edwarl Iloyd &atacre, of Gatacre,Esq. Srersetshire.-John H apisley, of Ston Ea.stn, Esq. Staffordshire-.chaodIyot., of Freeford. Fa. County of Southamnpton.-James Edward Bradsbaw, of Fair Oakipark, near Winchester, Esq. Suffolk.-Andrew Arcedeckne, of Glevering-haal. laheaton, Fsq. Surrey.-Edward Richarl Northey, of Woodcote-hous, Epsom, Fcq. uescL.-William Drew Lucas Shadwell of Fair-light-hall, nearHfastings, Esq. Warwickshire.-Sir Peter Van Notten Pole, of Todenham House, in the county of Glocesier. Bar Wcstmoreland.-William Wilkinson, of Warcop, Eq. Wiltshire.-Charlcs 'Wllliam Miles, of B% rton-hill-house, Mahlme. bmv. sq. restershire.-FrancsTongue Rufford, of Prescott-Louse, neatStourbridge, Esq. Yorkshire.-Hary Stephen Th of Kirby-hall, Esq. .&nglesey.-Jlhn Jacob. of Ianfawr, Eaq. Breconshirc-Thomas Davies, of Llangattock-court, Esq. Cbmnarvonshire.-Licutenant-Coloune Johnl Macdonald, of Plas-nchs,.- Dveygyfylchey. Carmarthenshire.-George Watlin Rice, of Llennybrain, Esq. Caxaliganshire,-Thonmas Hlenry Wnwvood, of Tygfiyn Aeren, Faq. Deubighsbire.-Joha Jessie, of Llsahedr-ball, itthm, Esg. Ehintshire.-Frederiek nl,ilips. of Rhilal, Faq. Ghlmergansbire.-lohn Samusel, of New;ton-house, Faq. Mlontgomerythire.-Richard3Herbert Mytton, of Garth, Faq. Mfeclonethshire-John Prieetley, of Hafodgs-egore, Faq. Pembcokeshirc-e,zs Sfatinas, of Lauaa,hey-eout, Faq. Fadnorshire.-Pobert Bas}erriLie Richard M15noesZ of Branooedj. Esq. _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
A Giua IN DInmCU Es.-A person namecT£ Paris, keeper of the Cafe des Arts, Boulevard da Temple, yesterday brought an action before the Tribunal of Commerce against a man named Murphy to recover S,OOOf. forbreach of agreement. This Murphy, he stated, i; of gigantin. stature, anD is employed in the establishment of the plain- - tiff to exhibit himself as a giant. The conditions are that; he shall be paid 1,2"0f. a-month, and, as wel ashisbrother, be' supplied -wth food, lodging, and washing gratis, and thatin return he shall be at the C&f every day from 2 o'lock in the afternoon toll at night, shall every half-hour walabout the CWf6, and light a cigar at the highest gas lamp. But, instead of puintually attending to his dul, urpiyj for a long time past had arrived erery dayabout 2D infjtes too late, and thereby did injury to the Cafc. As an indemnity for this injury Paris maintained that a sum of S,OOOf. -s not too much. Murphy, who stated that he lived atNeuflly, a long way from the Cafe, opposed the demand, onr the ground that it was not true he was habitually late, anl he allegedthat the plaintifffreqnently advanced his clock. 3Ie also said that by their agreement Paris had-the powerof fining him lOf. for every balf hour hews behin time, but so punctual as he that he (Pauis) ha never hd an. oThe ribmul dtimnissed the aetion, wit,costs In the rse of the prceedings i'; wvas stated that,bouqh Murphy's name is Mibernim, hefigures is a "Scoth' giant, and wears theXighand cMtumo.-Gidil1si'efaMc,i.cncr
SALES BY AUCTION. Shereditth.-V lable Freehold P operty.-To CapitAlists and others. lUiR. W. G. BROWNwjfil SELL by ATJTION;vat 1AJ the Mart. THS DAY. 3}eb~. 1,ael7in one lot, 1S REEHIOLI HIOUSES and TWO WORIKSHOPS. situate 'illiam-street, Curainread, Sheocditd. My be vewed by leave o!thc tenants, and pertienIaxw, with conditions ot sale had Of Mfesss. Ienliey and Chapan,n soli- itoem, 24, I5ncohta'-nn-£elAs; the Iorns Tavern oplpoite Shoriteb Choreb * Grlave Manriee. oppoaite the london zowsi'al; the Mart; and of tAte auctioncee, Whe.ranne, Mle-end-roa& ; jESSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, anti TRIST Wbeg, to inform thopublic that the various pRopEltTIFad,,,. toted for SATLE at the Mart,.THIDAYZ at12,wllbeofferedinthe 2. Absolute Eei-crsloaieto Money in the Fuands. 3.Shaxeo-20 Share Of £20 each intho Catholir, law, and General 4. Shrsi he& lci Lad GenerILifoAseuraee ompanyr, Englisih and Camtahian, Life offic Fadto Org angd Bank aLtNor. bih RoaTner'Fr and LAfe ssoraneeCompany, the Profes. alon Eqity,andLawand Sovereign Life offices, and the Berlin 5. ollle intheOrnrT Lfe Assurance Company. 6. romey,Kea.-FeehldBrewery, Malt-house, Residenoe, Cot' at Masotf'ehll. ~.LiehOse.-aceoldGround Rtents,, amountIng together to £325Cs. d. hr anum, n 23lots. Man thusao Vlunesof popular miodem Books, in quirc and ~~R. HODOSON hound. 'JVIR- OI)GSONWMl SELL by AUCTION, att hsis Ilnew BOOMs, the corer ot fleet-street and Chineery-lane, on Aonday~ Feb. 4,and three following days, at half-ps 12.mn thousand volumes of maodem BOOKS, some hausm -bmund, nile books, &e., beingthe etock of a6 retaillbosle.dcmgui anes; with the duplicates of two westmend cIreulating libraries coemprisng te mot poula Voyages and Trovels, Novels, and Works of Fition. The boos in quiresecomprise the rmainders of many esteemed theOlOgiCal works, Ac. To be viewed, and catalogues had, The Remiaining Stock or the Publications -ofth Hforticutura Society. nM. o, GSON WMl include in the above SALE by IL A'UCTON. at htanew tooms. the comner of flet-street and chancery-lane, 0ouThursday eb_ 7.at LI, bTorder of the Council of the Horticultural Society, tos RS'.tAPS'MlG ST7CK of their pUBLICATIONS ; including the Tsanaietons, lrst and SceoondSeries 10 vols. Ito', aud tho Jommal, 9 vola. Ste., lsith,the CopperPlateg of the whole. Capital modemn Fmtr,nbe lassPiofrsby eminent miakers, ChinLa, Glas 40dznoLiei otad Sherry, and numeou usefiil and oneilEfts ~fpSSRs. OXNA ad OSwill SELL by ILAUCTION, at their Rooms, 11, Oxford-street, near the Panthemn THIS DAY, Feb. 1, at 11 for 12 punctually. the capital modem FuRK47UltE consitig of four-post5Arabian.and secondary bedsteadls and hangings,vith bedding complete, wardrobes, drawers,wwsh. stands, glaases &c., walnut-tree, roeewoDd, andinahogany chairs, sofas, couches and easy choirs curtis PianoforteR by eminent makers, chimney glasses. sets of dining tales, lee, card, and occasional ditto, cabinets, pedesta and enclose sideboards, bookcases, writing tables chandeliers, orniamental itemsq, chink, glass, the domesticrcquisites, 4C dozen of wine in Port and Sherry, and numerous effects. May he viewed on Thursday and snomningof sale, and catalogues bad. The Manor-house, Hallaton, near Market Hlarborough, Leicester- shire. ILrESSRS. OXENRA35 and SONS wil SELL by ILAUCTION, on the Premises, on Wednedany. Feb.36A and followingdy, at 12 punct eal hel clay, by order at the Executor ofttbr late Tonmas Vowe, E-sq,. th valuable LIEand DEAD FARMINMG STOCK, including 45 cheep, three coDws, four steers five capital horse, (twowdll-knownhunter), tworiel of hay,largc quantity oftimber,adoo cr,agricultural implements, and usefu out-deor effects; also apr tinof the householdfunmituro, including four-post and s~condar be steods and bedding, drawers, wash-stands, Ac., Pedestal sideboard, tables, rosewood chairs a gonadpaoforte, a coteoe ditto, elegant china and glas, and niumerous ueu anid oraen items. May Ir viewed on the Tuesday antecedentandmornlagsof sale, awudcataloguea bad also at the principal inns in the melebbourhood; and at 2keagrs Oxenham'r oficies, &313 Oxford-street. near the Pantheon, who wil for wPard catalogues on the receipt of four pstage stamps. The house ii situate about three miles from the Medbourne Station oa the Rugb] and Stamford Rtailway. Old Bond-street.--Household Furniture, removed for convenience oi ljR. W. A. OAKLEY will SELL by AUCTION, iLL at thae Roomns, 21, Old Bead-street, on Wednesday. February thit 6th, at 12 for 1 precisely, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE, includini Frnenh and other bedsteads, carpets, chests of dIrawers, tablem, curtaing glases feather beds. an elegant roeewood 61-octave cabinet pi".orotc, couches. chairs, and a variety of useful effects. On slew one daypeio, to the sale, and catalogues had at the rooms ; and of Mr. W. A. Oakley, auctioneer, 0, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Upper Berklely-street west. 33yde-park-square.-Gcnuinc Househol_d Furniture, Cottage Pianoforte, and Effects. MESSRS. LUCKI LNG and BURTOIN have received instructions from the Poprietor to submit to4p ublisAUCTION', On the premismes, 26 Upper Berkeley-streetwest, on Tu'esday, Feb. 5, at 12. the HIOUSEHOL FURN'ITURE; comrngising furniture of the usual description. chimney-glse, la bdig,ctag inoot nEarly new plated goods, omnaments, china and glass, and kitchen reqiuisites 6nh view the day precodine, when catalogues may be had either on the premises; or at the auctioneers' offies, da2, Orchardstreet, Portinan-square. Important Sale of F'rench and English Papragns- conaiga. meat from Paris of elegat decormtions, and the remaining portiono01 Mtessrs. Erwood and CD.'s immense stGck of hangig,e EWI WHITE Nvll SELL by A1UCTION, AR11thout resec, at his Rooms, 170, Risbopsgate-street withont, on Tuesday, the O;tIsFebruary,atl2forlprecisely, APERtHAhGIGS, consisting of clegantgolds,flocks, satins, damasaks, chinires, marbles, graaiites, oaks, and others in gret variety, about 20 marble chimney pieces, and a quantity of bruLshes wil be included in the sate. View, day prior, and morning of sale, when catalogues may be had. Long leasehold Estates~, Hampstead-road, Cansden-road Villas, and II.GAR) DNR~0SLL by A'UCTION, at M EJ.arwys nMody e ,a 2b order of the Executors of M.A.R ogers, FO Pwl-bited U~S bric eins 7s let Gret,Menat Mroon-gescrent e and21 Sonay,iFb.-see, Hat2frIprtead tersy, aodeprodcngn FURITRE anum Th weealnu hoause romay viewd, y leve f Th teants 10daysprirqtothersle, and particulas ha of . Upard,Eat,soliitor 3,cpt hatl-riots, ciy;atg luR. E AOE. ASEEl) il SELls,N at SELL byoAU GreN,at MarTCoroum-srci aeet,ononda,Fe4,Spat 12wre forn pre-n suite Fcovredr in at.z sil forb2retill, w alnutyogeun and uasueei lo.cad p tatEcHimne and'pIer-lasEs, Spaknis mahogan dstridebfoardsen, sets b3 odining tabes book-carses, waitn tecables, Brussemls, andtothe carpets. Aoosebianhrbd and Fnhbedstaswt eding, wnhucarmrbes, hequsites,0 flatos. and kitchen.rq isiabse May b2e (moewed eno Stevariousan EXt Ornaments.Bi &psate QOUTGATMandTEAR-ETT wi SELL byAUCK7TO,othe Coemmserial. Sale Risooms,ateitahsiar, on Wedoes .day.vnnur Februr 6tiafr 12 precisely,oalawintfgenie tanduseful HOUSEHOLradDeFU rNiTUn tarken unMder disrit, fomrirent, and bhye sreretinof theiExeutorsss of aUdcesdimensieons, consistiang ofe 0table goelfegantheirbeds,bea and b dding,nd thaseusual clmertono reluaints theattntin o conosstteus a, ohers ; o bdra ers eaddrmxintfr amel and utrame; watr-colur d awns larget ousefuti articles. maple beitems.MaylpieedlouMoayandcatalogueshatdM. Mtcass Rpialomls, pial-suable Mr.eboyce, appgraiLeserhigh- strteet, xtnU Mr. Hodgson,EMare Tavern, airetret o to o uran dofI w.tA instera,auctioneer, SELL by NewCGIOc.ater-tree 3Hoxt.on.Wde Bisrpsaryt.a w th1in ntbee-tsaluable Pitns(olyfrEEom L]re ariou Ear touges (rae s ablnd,&. unfGrem ,Water-coloueDawings, Drawn Rooer atO. onr theum Prmises,turno. premBises,pswith warehoune,en Wd tw dayg evnin cni-nent dFeblur6ind os~wtwh followntgeeonins Grathaf-parl Fraemaer.andDeaer n Wrksof odeart, coemprsnachoi pn Remancientl and moempitues. byl the mosteIntenartists, well wortigm thfe attenetionofuondieum saud others hoiertyrain, adaPlcofrAse ndsuiranoedinth wqiatler-oordaig;lreslcino it al an tErSframS; bronEWS,glbrces a ndAL numeru oireaments itM S. L Ma yb viewed atthMrt on Monday, aed atalogueshad Spthreclts.Vlot bl.TeL frlereholdoanSp rtoheasehold,Esates5, int X3soreditsh, thedren3PTa apoChing. £200itper annum,lcyo Asrao Joh DeSSRS HaLsbeRtI n andua Sremirm ofavonre. d. witl auuaionstructoutns gtoSLLby UCT2. aTtheontaret,oentWedresi of SiruJ. D. . P auinthe minethre lofthes, auabl ofREEHO13 d, andupa honustes. sablng,57 s.c. inGre eaglestre, lfetro leasmen tof sM. oge at £0 per annum;th manufacturthingtpremses with waehuss,an tw largeuand convenlxesieontadycLifeng-erues,wth af ronage naGreat Pearln anum also0,00a lofetyd nroteo freehodwreos,inoitle esar-trest, atP prese.ontinghand.btofnhessrestgimatfed alue 4of3 p'inerpannum.Ti emate mabe viewedtby pearmisio of thes Larespctie, tenans, and payr,1 tiOls ewiythacondtion of so Ble, had. offiae ssesiogne,b. oleohant Baaee-uold, oicntos,;a 2o, Aussifirs; lw atd theAucitionMart; liand a1 Messaes Hgerrngs 4Put and So,19 leeta-sreet. Ba Ctrhancer.-Paugh ndve.-Hunting, Lif Iunterest, and C'-otiangon LfeoIteret nfne and CaiemkPopithers poertywmil, anda PothcysofTs stained ino the o Euthable. btie fo heu f h a 1IESSRS. PLIEW and WLALL are dSoELL ty SEL byIO AUCTo N, ate thei. mar,own asrheday.l Frdebru aryf5.i Rgt Hrolo. Ltl. atherLofelthre tof Sir Johen7 DROnAL, agVTedS, £1,049T Us,RdVe pr et-ntjlie,ada oiyofAsrnn inteoqitbeLife Gssurance noity erfor£30, on PtheLf fS JntohnMDANPalsuec tCR o an annuSalnpremiumboner41an OA,pwa ratuscumtonsete ahmounting dtoe£90 LOct 2., ThAe Cningeontfe ofitherues oSingenDou au inpothei minentyiofs the 2imsof £2t?imes, acl. Reducbe Annuitis. vand £2oiom os.mlid.iClaaes,rafter oayaseftrofha sumuty andlxpesitfrom the pentirety withineestamtim ent,l coltisenemi tosumfe of £1,00,invesctvednemortgag dog fareehold haestes, atd 5pci efct,. coTinen won hisb suvivingl hanwife, cglars.hadintedparticular. bemihadn t slcthe, Martg'-d,Bdor-o; of Messs.Lwrnc,PlrsindBeer,1 an1 Jyewesl-chambrs; 3 JofnWstBel,et, Bfoilieial- asigee 9xs Coemngh stetbidnsOn f Me-srs. Pliws and Wall,, auctioneers, 61~crylaneTnd,oam eustateagens. 14,WPoutry, ndCeadhmh'm-Ios.NuhrtnIon InChAIcery.- d Sog O.HNtwing," L H by AwG UChyTIOPiNo fort andtCabinetmlrakes,Popret,orsbo aw-mills,oftand oprietr,-h valuabed Paenty Ferighty 3t1 for Cutig i vleuo awing Veneer, where hod.anudfo theawlog 3ThAnTar cobtaiinedfo the Mane of theweas, togetnihouerit offithesan PatntMacluneacy,Sta Engdin, Bole,, n anir, fornmakning authsae aS alrs,or the Leose ofth Porehmie. 2c.h folloEngSRS desr Cle Frt,i os-liW and CLAtwile StELLdb frinth ingshoandriadh on Nthursday Fontain abot1fe 7by Orde of theub' FrmigtHn. the parste of th1e, Rboli,theaIr Queen' ROA L1ETTEUIsFar PaTnd gramiLnte toeWrin.suh andhgiy anouthro 49a.PlIO1VEIg enT ithon!s Place M Rm on th Varses ofEI, andGrinstMachnr and Apply,a-o r0atu con1p.; netd thereih dae Oct. 2 k 03 bein Honeh ofWhimes thrsidi feet, cof ntifeetn ne o catandharness,and, sbundr effct. The .;orhoemyeewdadariuashdoMrSda D Hcopybltea,olictor 20. igsra, dfr-w;oMer.Tidr Suffolk.-Valiablo F)reehold Farmis and lends, in the parishes of Stutton, asout sixmiles froml Ipswich, and Kettlebn-gb, near Framlinghab; also Cottages inthe parishes of Great Wenham and East Bergholt. 1 R. JOH' FOX his the honour to amonnce that £l he has received instructions to offer for SATE by publo AUCTION, at the Great White Horse Hotel, Ipswich, on Tuesday, March 1, at3;n the afternoon precisely,inlots,the folloLmg very valnableaud desirable PROPEIRtT :-Lot 1 wIll con s the suer of Stutton and also the Stutton-hall Farm, contaning about 2(3 acres of exceUea; arablo and pasture land, in the occupation of Mfr. George Stanford. Lot 2 wil com rise the Qncech larm, containing about 153 acres of exellent b and pasture land, inthe occupation of Mr. Joeeph Catt. Lot 3wll eomprise a very exceUent Closo of Meadow land called Bridge Mecadowv containinz shout S acrms, in the occupation of Mr. George Stanhord. fIese hots Be m a ring fence,andtogetherforma mnost desizablo estate, beautiulby situvate, partly bounded by the river Ster, and commanding bviews of coannngtreo and Herwc, a well an the picturesque scenery of the Stour, It wllU, in tho first diastelybe put up inthree leotis, as ablove dnescribed. The whole of tho Stutton Hall estate is freehold. let 4 will omlprise the };ettUebergh Far, about three miles from Fr englha, with avery good facmhouse, and all necessary buildings, and containing abous2 l5 acres ef ye-v good amble and pasture land lyving in aring fence2m the occa. ihon of Mr - Gerg Greenrd.ibent cichtacres of tislotare cop, holdof aeiae.Lot 5 wilconp riseaeehet'resdlul Cottge" withapiceofpastura inteparish of Great W3iham, contaiing altogether about one acre and a half, in the eccupationof WilliaAnbbot and Robert Cheverton. Lot6 will oDmprise an excelent Double Cottage, with aPieco of. pastre land, situatain the rh of. East B3egholt, cmgaltogetherabout two roods,in the oaeapition of widow Paskell and Wlliamn My. This lot iscopyholdofinheritance. Particularsandeonditionsofeale, withrap,moa bohadon aplicstion to Messr. Barker, Bowker, and Peakse, sol2dltors,, Geaie-inn square, London; the prndpal hotels, in Norwich, raramiigham Bury SLt. E dmnd's, sad Coltr of Nr. Beekett, landant, HtWM - bm, nar etobam; and of itIe auctlcuclfr, Igwicth, Absolut Reversions onTery avncad Lives. iIER BA~RNE S (of Bircbin-1lane)y wfiL- SELL,-bj iLL UCTIN, a theMart. on Wednesday. Flebe-uaYl3. at 12, js two ots th ABOLUE RVERIONof 2.0114s. i3d. New Tire pzereiotd Hnnuities, exeto no the Ol dentrw.a ertheofa Ldy aw ism-iago iIJIXBARNES -(of Birchin-larse) wil SELL -by .LLAUCTION, at the Mark. on Wedusiesiay, February 6, at 12,ira Bizhots. SIX brick-built EEOL'D HOUSES, situate in MawbyL roadf. afew pares frens the ea Kent-road aIsdssear the WIndsor Castle, eashcoontajnln three bad rooms, two sitting rooins, kthchenl, schlry, and garden. Theywl be sold in sepaate lots. Partirnsism at t he Karet. th e L ordaNelson and Winmd s - Cla stle (ad j oin i ng) o f Mr. -Catt.aolisitor,24,Baangbalt-s~tre, and of Mr. BDrnes, 19, Bircbinlaine. Lumbard-street.I EAty ale.-Tseimeo. To Marble Merchantg, Buildem, Fixtur Deal- e,adotherm II.EDWARD LUXLEY wfil SELL --by AUG.. NITLTION, on the Premlises Brddg hr~Vuhl-brhude-ro THI8DAY Feb,lI at 10 for 1U, the REMAINING STOCK In TRADE ofaMarbieW;rcant; ofablock of St. Ann?s marble. ablockofsta-. tuarf50ltto about 350 slabs of Irish jet. Siciian, dore, and other marbles aliandeome marble e-Iernrey-piece, a two-ton crane, S;. : alEo -the house ana office Sxtares, and varIous effects. May beruewed, and catalonehadonthe premises,andattlieaurtion officets,67, Chanrery- L.incoln's-inn-fieids.-This Day.-To Funel Funilsber, Carmen, Herseduders, Wine and Bottle Mecrb,ints, and othem, ~jREDW. LU51LEY will SELL by AUCTION,, APLL a Mx. Morris's Premises. Quem'eHeadi-yard. Great Qaeen. -street,,THIS DAY, at Ifor _, a FUNERAL HE RSE In goodELonditinn a nearly new spring Tan. three excellent spring carts and useful cart horace, sets of harnsM ke. ; also severa groes of wine and other bottles, pickles, s-me baskets, and various effects. Mtay he viewed,. and. catal-ogues bad on the premires ; and at the auction offices, 61, Chan,. cery-lane. 11Th.SPEAR AN h recived nstrctions to sab- ILL uit o CMPETTIO, atGaraica's,on Tuesday. Feb. 12, at 12, th ABSOUTE RVEIISIN Co 2,000Three pierCenat., stanEd- Genteel Residencs, contanig cgtsm.wt oeeutugri sespectably situate, 12, Li,,ermore-road, Quen-os,Dasn,hd for 63 yecars, ata EnitroMt of £5. 1IIr. S~EAIMM beg to announce that the above. I-L mentionediPROPEETY which was.dverthred to be sold byauc-. tion, at Garraway's, on Tuesday', the 12th lust..-,has been DISPOSED) OF. by Private Contract. 45, Bedferd-row.-February 1. Three neat small Houses, product £7FS.er ~annum. Gagnet . S beAr-112 reLoilSELa byn AuCiTo ilknier, lonSgRd s. ,82an DAVI Ma.ndfeOd-STrOt, NEslared-radletetd zoe ely tenaInts t£3O.pranmgn edfr4 er nx Ilk byanInerplaer Order in the Court of ExKchequer to SELL bY puib'fi AUCTION, the GOODS in dispute irs the above cause, andg they nerebsy amon-tne they-willlhold a pubire, sale, at their offces, 6il 3fark-lane, city, en Friday, February 8, at 3 in the afteroon petisly The goods consistofl5plecesof richbiml-skcilelvets, meararing&U metes,or I srd,an ar ivoied x dtyat from IXf toSif. per mete.Thegods renobonedntBewrs'quy,and maybeviewed (by rde ony) n th da ofasi. Fo caalouesapply to M1essrs. Clearance Sae. under Blankeruptcy. iLrESSRS. DAVIS and JOHNSTON~E vill SELI. LE.by AUCTION. at Candlrs'a Warehouse, S. Billiter-stieet, ern Tues-day, Feb. 12, at 1 for 2, a quantity of valuable HOUSEHULl), FURLNITURE, warehoused uinder several estates, and comprising Lcesehoslbddig Fzane.Crdenahoganybd couhwambrkfit'by chEest oftL exclleatio thfe art tin bathaand litnebur 2, tasthomer andubstant. aln abuantit ofELIgroer,HonfEctiner, d ruigtns,taneint,n Cmearow,edt.o lEtssae,nand, Sleoltolaneu Cueffcs Sertcay bFaniewe onices da&r.- cEin eSale an Datloge obtine at thELLareoue andt fcthed autinem the Mark-lae,o city. Tin fCmrde oSL LAsehOld Eat thes,-oams, 28o Iadnda Sosthwrt, by orederyo tho Wensat thebrart, onaTuesday Febuar wit,oat resrv. atsubSTantiay built DWELfar-OOUSEIJ 23 SAligo-sTreet, .Ca.Lmde-on let Mr.Cooer at£1 pe anum hed or n nexrd otherm of lyars,1 rentalueSl of £3 era num Feheld ratr of2o yatSrs,atfaorod. rsentsof £5A hI,echous, at ayh bea vinwSrafodbypon Thssi aynoFteb.is, and pefrt4icuyarshde of the. Apis,tEor, 2.Iinfour los-in-iLds; at tehel arie nand atheMasrs, hrh loerts t em and Coyeofcs 4 oor.ae-srewet and 2l, Adam-streetl,P miAdejinigipomerofJai, Empotensiv Salehofd i Booets,thrceetiand Fanqebcyurticles,the,tyo 1LrESSES. DEW LandonYEL r.nsrce IULbLEthe Truste SOf ar.eTwireced ofCmrde toL SELy by --TN.ath atonWednesday, Feb.usy2an76 at 12.wtot eev,th STnC iraels TRaDbe aRBOOSLI)Sl IM andS STTO R cossigofalre quantitys Nof il lustrated uenie,scol,t and otheortbok, andhJo boundSt bibles,Chpraer, an huc ervies,metsallics anEd oterm pocet-- nuts ndoher apes nine dozent fkin of yemorocco18e, Mtay ts iulewed, nd fAcatlgesnbandMofdesrnF.tResandWfat,315.Oxford-sreet PHILLIPS. isLE andt SONe tol SELL byAU. ILAP TION. at thesSwan Ronn,e Statord,tret on Thur sday. Fe.? t- 3foter frbyorde ftheseveralrsctoosi ofou oietsar,Lt and Frehold Beler-, hrouste and roises situate inc fron 'ofthey paighersoad,athSrapteot. nhearnthenMrs pchurcsh, ltom ess. Fuli ndC. bees,a i Per aanu, ot 2. Frenehodr eni adjoining. c Bornrfaesr jlC. leo Mr. Stirlingtt £2.Lo o.newlybuit Frehod Eother A1fe pleas-ing raerac£2loLo draSmall blo ofs Fantreeol Buildringr, Ground viwdioBaitgxdayben viend. - particulas.hdo r os Importan Fraebhold usInFee~stutinHdo-streetadRcutcut Pinlithe ciddloff MLESSN RIKT and SON arWieteMoSL byEALCby valuAbleON at the -Mart. on Wedneday, Feb. 27. at 12, in thre lots, FREEHOLDbl 1U EHOTDHOUE,coSisteing o the. capit, l,andhus17s leeindstes,tN. Pim,leet-sreet the cdsorner. Gofracqet-claouert,uand po cthe Sout.yBsof Cddurch,lmant yersespetablisitenans, atsilertsmaionth nd toete s. X5 per annum ; als wety-aisubtatllyfo thme freideholda dwellig-ous7 eas andtfices Nos. 6dand, gracqutet-coute MadjIoinng ~dncin£50~eannum.May b viewe `by1la.eo h Tenanwts, Banrstreet, Cr Slgte,Lh?.T Ti-lt okrs bpr;; A Bolcto rfaniersnmt and rInmoderPitres, and Wather-oorm r AP BILLIN~~iGA is y nglihetists. lsm iig LJjroPheILoSLLPSis Anstracted th eL bynu A. UCo.3, 1 atd32 hire s grea ldstet ttoo Lukews Bd-Treet. on Febmu,5,ti Februafry, wthot rsciely OLETO ofh STOCTiUplan, fotrmed, by am amanteur fromuthensevera pschoolseofulancietprts,;and ctheulariccttml fromthonE,itnpls shol,rde' incluin worst- by paInter p OfhGhrbendate, Theanchinen iueres,flincluade ezainplan by-M ilhlong1ks C.h MarattimesTe g nie core aaposnnetnelead punches,f- C. s lc C-n7s ane,3bcltto Ho5aisbnthrst =, anddothtrs May beviewed aturday and Mndayoprevious VachlualeLeseoln d Houseres, tstuateindoLeaserolts Pmuningico, Midde PRh'SS.D IC Ead SO andSO insiltedtoSELLTby N, i~at the Mart. on TFriday Feb. ary5, at 12, i n lhtv SIXovlown uable LESEOPEROUSES,i osa beigtensive1516 and 17l, inon-sree. Fctmtlico,Pe batheuaL ieeholdS.Gorme, Hanover-squa-mre, the chenlsefaidlesex, laetataomineablretantoa,2 eat rntsamountn togth uer lt ou£10leiannum TheX proer t isun hel fortheldreosideo a-d Wxemstusinstr.anommstencGenic,ajiing frmthh4t ue, 1 Thea wahol-. Tpvropeboisubje.wttaannna groundrentof of peranu. TohiewthoeholdmDwellappl toutesespetv tenants,19annd 2or fueysret,her tclsars ]ton, re.Ripringle,esalctor,eMaidtneum MLesses,Bowduer, Son,Snd Cotton soliciryas,t6.Cancmery-lat ne (wher Lthe5 lessmy Teisece n to Messrs.,PrielicttandrSon,eauctioneersantvanduers,5,mSuthatmpto. teidnofgts, Cancuery-lne,and Bookgase, Midlesexe. Chnerst, a st.U coUeets.-Tof ro Lapxlate Workers,is Coler-smths 'a erIers, Smitos, Traluobgers and otghlders. eron R.LEWISGA ha r sd instruc iogtedb ess SELLby ILpubrohes.t SLbyAUCTION,ath os, o%Qun-sthreites 'Ne, 3antion andee,3ciy,BnTHIrStreAY, Od-teet S, t L2upriely,ontue sda,pebi rir 5U-,I mUeats,ondptesingei.ocomrsingyuseulte uu han nprsss,circlarwcttig machiet,sefittriings ofpbatecshspm cYga-s,at-iwneenin pt.onI ,G bending motachiane,orolers,tfoldng machns plarni cshiy cabnets,bhollwngesberiks. pcreaseicleans,t72 swage, Oic irons,m5.pibegnch sear, handso dittoe,. Armandriedstepadisg, hollowing, and rivetIcghamertgos, featthtx o articlis,and nuerous.valmable effects. M'aybe viewed the morning7 of sale till12o? o'tk. and catalogueshad; and of W. Sweny,. Esq., sell-. citor, Gracechurch-stree; of the Sherifi's officer, 13,3Bell-alley ; and oEtl- anactzioneer. 4, Coleman-street. city. No. 60, St.. Paul's churchsard.-A Collection of capital ancient sad.l modern Pictures. 11IfB. BARNS WMl SELL by AUCTION, as above,; IL THIS DAY, February3, and To-morrovw, at 1 ]prerlsely, an assemblage of ancient andl emoenPICTURES of thevarioussrzhouir: including the Descent from tho (,rOMs Morales (from the colalection ot7 the King of F:ranece); a fine work, J. Ste-en ;LMandczape, Wouvermane XetrrS-msling, Ostade ; and otlrers by and after Temiem Vandyke - Turner (Ir=eu Both Hnbeas Shayer 'P. Neefs 3eaghein Remubrandit Andrewa -Morland Cop Murilo Herrig On view Catalogues as aLbove, 37.1. Money advanced to sw amoun ortvery description. o4l)operty for postitve sale, B3alacepad On rlew.-To COunolsecurs, C01lectors, ad othems-A Collction off TMer fine. Cabinet and G%Ueua Pictures.-ll, Quadrat. Reeto- 11,JR. GARCIA WMl SELL by AUCTION, THIS ILDAY (Frday), February lst, and Tomorro. at 1 precisetr. asmnallGALEltY of highly interesting PICrUER,,slce il very fine taste by the late proprAietor han wom- of the prInecited ciltotion onthe entr,eaicludaing Tobit and thirAngel, C.bld eet. mng of -mary and ED zaeth, Rubena;' Landscpap and FIS~ J. Ruysdaei; Church Interior. SteenWick; and others by the Coll=wic masters;- a3 maratti Wouvemn&ars Ocliterveldt- BirD. Wlke. EFAffenel Ber-hem . Metyn Stenfleld - -- Vandyckr - Linglehach - - Rembrandt j.m.W. Tu er,t, Catalogues at the place of MI 7, Qoadrant Regen-tet
