DEATHIS. On the 4th of January, at the College, Hong Kong, Andrew Brandra,- second son of George Smith, D.D., Lord Bishop of Victoria, in the 3dyearof his age. On the 22d nlt., at St. Petersburg, Sophia, relict of CharlesBai)d, aeq., in her 56th year. On the 24th ult., at Pau, Basses PyrdC-es, Frances, the wife of David Pringe, Esq. On the 28th uIt., at the residence of her nephew, M.Er. J. Scoles, Torquay, Devon, Miss Mary Iaoyd, late of High Holborn, London, in her 62dyear. On Tbrsda± last, at the Rectory, Granaden, Cambridgeshire, the Rer. Frederic Norris, 3LA. rectorof the above place, and vicar of De nbas, Nottingisamshire. On the 25th nlt., deeply regretfed, Robt. beGllew, Esq., of Clapham. rise and 7, Basinhall-street, in the 56th year ol his age. On the 29th nlt, Charlotte Hopewell. -et. 63. of Seymour-terrace. 'West Brocipton, relct of the late Benjamin Toney Hopewell, of George-street, Portman-square On the 29th ult., at Leytonstone, Risex, Wiliam Arthur Rhodes, Esq., aged3S. On the 29thalt., Mr. John Osborn, of Grove-lane, CamberwelL and of the Leather-market, Icadenhall, aged 78. On the 29th ult., at 2, Upper Southwick-street, Cambridge-terrace, Hyde-park. Mrriett, vidow of the lateJoln MiLward Mughston,Ezq. surgeon, of Grafton-street, Fitzroy-square, and eldetst daughter of the lateJohn Cruttenden, Esq., of Salehurst, Sassex. On Saturday, the Ist inst., at 49, Glocester-street, Pimalico, Anne, the belovedwife of Mr. Andrew Moore, aged St On the Ist Inst., at her residence, Thurlow-terrace, Claphana, 3Mrs. Saraht Had4snd, in her 87ith year. On the Ist inst., at Rugby, WVarwicklhire, Norman, only child of John Campbel Shairp, Esq., aged G months. -- On the Ist inst.. at his residence, 21. Pembridge Vilas, ayaswater Henry Gnbble, late Commander im the H nLU., in the 52d year of his age. On Saturday, the Ist iust., at Park Hali, near Kidderminster, aged 48, Sary, the beloved wfe of Henry Bradley, Esq. ' On the 2d inst., at the house of his son-in-law, Mr. C. Ellis, of BedIord-street, Covent-garden, Commander 3 H. Dathan, R.N., in hiallat year. The deceased was the oldest officer in htLS. On Sanday, the 2d inst., at 14, Clapham-rise, Elizabeth, youngest daughter of N. B. Ward, Fsq., in the20th year of her age. On the 2d inst. at 4, Lonsdsle-equarej Islington, Rebecca, third daughter of John Grabbam, M.D. Onthe 2d inst., after a short illness, John Francis, youngest son of tie late Thee. Bigge, Fsa., of Bryanston-square, in his 42d year. On the 2d inst., in the 0t0h year of his age, Thomas Joyce, Fa;q, of ELtamfor_d-hill, and Bishopsgale-atreet without, London. On the2d inst., at Eastoe Lodge, Cotham, Bristol, Eleo4ora, wife of Henry Walters, Faq., late of the Bengal Civil Service, aged 46. On the 2d inst., John Dugga. Patterson, F.o., of the General Register office, Somerset House, and late an luspecfor at the General Board of Health, aged 50. On the 2d inst. at Glocester House, Regent's-park. S. G. Martinez, Feq., formerly of 77, Mack-lane, in his 50th year, deeply lamentedh y all who knew him.
THE UTITED STATES. (PMox OUR OWN CORO=NDXNT.) SEW YORK, TtB. 20. The magnificent steamship Persia (as fine a ship as floats) and the Canada both arrive without tidings of the Pacific, and we are now anxiously looking for the overdue Atlantic, in hope that she will bring intelligence that the missing vesselhas put back to some British port. The mails by the Canada reached here this morning from Boston, and consequently the despatches brought by her have not yet been received in Washington; but it is understood that the situation of the questions at issue has not been changed by anything brought by the Persia, and it is supposed that the Pacific may have contained important instructions. Meanwhile al public interest inthese questions is dying out, or rather may be said to have completely vanished. The questions of domestic policy at issue have so muen greater interest for the time being that they completely absorb public attention. The year for the election of a President has arrived, and as yet no party has selected its leader, nor exactly proclaimed its principles. The old issues which formerly divided parties are now all settledbanks, tariffs, public lands, on all the public verdict has been given against the Whig party; and the WVhig party may now be said to have ceased to exist. But, as these issues have faded away, others have come up, the most prominent among which are the restriction of the naturalization of foreigners and the limitation of the bounds of the slave territory. On both of these issues the present Administration has taken its position, and its members are prepared to go into the Cincinatti Convention (to be held for the nomination of a candidate for the support of the Democratic party), and solicit support. It rejects all restriction upon the naturalization of foreigners; and, so far as Kanzas is concerned, it declares its policy in the following instructions to Governor Shannon, the executive of the territory, and to the commanding officers of the United States' regiments quartered inl that vicinity:- "Im. MARCY TO GOVEzn?Ion SHAINON. " Department of State, Washintofn, Feb. 16. "Sir,-I herewith enclose to you a copy ot aproclamation by the President, dated the 11th inst., duly authenticated, and also a copy of orders issued from the Department of War to Colonel Sumner and Brevet-Colonel Cooke, of the United States' army. "The President is unwilling to believe that, in executing your duties as Governor of the territory of Kansas, there will be any occasion to call in the aid of the United States' troops for that purpose, and it is enjoined upon you to do all t at can possibly be done before resorting to that measure; yet, if it becomes indispensably necessary to do so in order to execute the laws and preserve the peace, you are hereby authorized by the President to make requisition uponthe officers commanding the United States' military forces atFortLeavenworth and Fort Riley for such assistance as may be needed for the above specified purpose. " While confiding in the respect of our citizens for the 7aws, and the efficiency of the ordinary means provided for protecting their rights and proper he deems it, however, not improper, considering the peculiar situation of affairs in the territory of Eansas, that you should be authorized to have the power herein conferred with a view to meet any extraordinary emergency that may arise; trusting that it will not be used until you shall find a resort to it unavoid- I able, in order to insure due execution of the laws topreserve the pLublic peace. "Bzefore any actual interposition of the military force on any occasion you will cause the proclam'ation of the President, with which you are herewith furnished, to be publicly read. "I am, Sir, very respectfully, your obedient servant, ' W. L. MARCY. Ron. Wilson Shannon, " Governor of the Territory of Kansas." "THE SEC1RETARY or Wn TO CoLoxsLs SmSz Ai'qD Cooxs. " War Department, Washington, Feb. 15. "Sir,-The President has, by proclamation, warned all persons combined for insurrection or invasive aggression - the organized Government of the territory of =sas, or associated to resist the due execution of the laws therein, to abstain from such revolutionar.y and lawless proceedings, and has commanded them to disperse and retire peaceably to their respective abodes on pain of being resisted by his whole constitutional power. If, therefore, the Governor of the territory, finding the ordinary course of judicial proceedings and the powers vested in United States marshals inadequate for the suppression of insurrectionary combinations or armed resistance to the execution of the law, should make requisition upon you to furnish a military force to aid hm iin the performance of that official duty, you are hereby directed to employ for that purpose such part of your command as may m your judgment consistently be detached from their ordinary duty. ".In executing this delicate function of the military power of the United States, you will exercise much caution to avoid, if Possible, collision with even insurgent citizens, and wil endeavour to suppress resistance to the laws and constituted authoritiesby that moral force which, happily, in our country, is ordinarily sufficient to secure respect to the laws of the land and the regularly constituted authorities of the Government. You will use a sound discretion as to the moment at which the further employment of the military force may be discontinued, and avail yourself of the first opportunity to return with your command to the more gratetul and prouder service of the soldier-that of common defence. " For your guidance in the premises you are referred to the acts of the 28th of February, 1795, and the 3d of March, 1807 (see Military Laws, pages 301 and 123), and to the proclamation of the President, a copy of which is herewith transmitted. " Should you need further or more specific instructions, or should, in the progress of events, doubts arise in your mind as ts the course which it maybe pproper for you to pursue; ;ou will cormunicate directly with this department, stating the points upon which you wish to be infor,ned. Very respectfully, our obedient servant, "JE MORS DAVIS, Secretary of War." On these questions the Administration have the merit and the advantage of being the first to take ground; and it is pretty well understood that either the President or the Attorney-General would be willing to go before the people for their votes as the democratic candidate on these issues. But there is also a strong party in the Administrative ranks favourable to the nomination of Mr. Buchanan, the present representative at London. It is quite impossible at this early day (even if at any dayl to predict results, but it would not be surprising iI the Convention should settle upon hun as its choice. The Know-nothings are now in session at Philadelphia, trying to make up their minds what to say about these things. One would suppose that they would have little difficulty in a declaration as to foreigners. But even here they have had to recede. As originally organized, their oaths were as stringent against Papists as against foreigners. By a close vote they admitted the Louisiana Roman Catholic delegation to a seat in the Philadelphia CounciL On the slavery issue they will meet with still greater difficulty. Averylargenumberofthesupporters of the Republican ranks were members of Knownothing lodges, and elected by Know-nothing votes. The new Speaker himself was a member of the order. The unyielding 30, who so long kept the House from being organized, were also members of the orzder; and they, with all the Southern members who carried Maryland, Kentucky, and Louisiana for the natives, are opposed pointblank to the mnembers who helped to elect Mr. Banks, and to constituents of their way of thinking. So that, after all, the Knownothings will have a hard time in framing a declaration to meet the views of all their friends. After doing that, they propose to set up their candidate. It is understood that there arc plenty of gentlemen ready to accept the post, prominent among whom are ex-Presideutpilimore, Mr.G.Law, General :louston, of Texas, and CommodoreStockton. The third great party is the Republicans. It might be supposed that - they would have no difficulty, at least with the slavery question. iBut even here there are differences of opinion. The more ultra demand the restoration of the Missouri compromise, the restriction of slavery to its present limits, the non-admission of any slave States in future, and especially the non-recognition of the present government in Kansas, organized by the Missourians, even at the expense of a refusal of supplies if necessary. But others are not disposed to go to such lengths, and prefer to yield, leaving the matter to be settled at the autumn elections. On the native American question there is stillgreaterdivisionof opinion. Many (likeMr. Banks) are identified with the order; others (like Mr. Seward) are still more identified with hostility to it. I should think, however, that they would be obliged to cut entirely clear from it in order to command their fullest strength. Until after the party conventions it is impossible to say exactly how the various parties stand on these issues, which are to be settled this year. The continued prospect of peace in Europe has maintained the buoyancy of the stock-market caused by the first intelligence to that effect. New York and Erie, for instance, has been ranging at from 58 to 60,fwhile before this news it ranged from 48 to 60. To be sure, this is-partly owing to the great receipts, but -without the news from Europe the receipts alone would not amcount for the advance. Other stocks have advanobd proportionately, the New York stock-market being always responsive to the feeling in London. Theproject for completng the eastern division of the Ohio and Mississippi Railroad has been nearly carried through, so far as action on this side of the Atlantic is concerned. Mr. W. IL Aspinwall, Mlr. Chauncey, andothereminentcapitalistsare concerned in the scheme, and have so far made their ar=angements with the creditors in the West as to felt warranted in sending the vice-president of the road, MIr. Barlow, to London by the Persia, to ascertain the views of the first mortgage bondholders there, and to make such an arrangement as may secure the completion of the road, so that it may begin to earn interest at an early dav.
COURT OF COMMON COUNCIL. _,- Yesterday a special court was held for the pxurpose of I areeing upon a petition to Parliament against the Police (Counties and Boroughs) BilL The court was unusually crowded, and there was a large attendance of aldermen. X Mr. 3. WOOD, chairman of the Consolidated Committeee, brought up the following report "We of your Consolidated Committee,to whom on the 28th of February it was referred to consider a bill to render more effectaal the police in counties and boroughs in England and Wales, and to report thereon, do certify that M1r. Remembrancer havinglaid a copy of the bill before us, we proceeded to consider the same, and find that it proposes that the constables of the mumicipal boroughs in E=nd and Wales shall, in addition to their ordinary duties, perform all such duties connected with the police as are from time to time, by any regulations made under the said bill by the Secretary of State, declared to be police duties to be perforhned by such constables, and that it shall be lawful for one of Her Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State from time to time to make-such general re tions with respect to the duties of constables appointed by municipal corporations as he may see fit. That it is also proposed to authorize one of Her Majesty's Secretaries of State from time to time to make rules for the government, pay, clothing, accoutrements, and necessaries of constables appointed by the municipal boroughs. "That your committee are of opinion that such powers will virtually deprive municipal corporations of themanagement and control of their police, and place the same in the bands of one of Her Majest's Principal Secretaries of State for the time being. " That your committee most strongly obiect to such an infringement of the rights and liberties of the people, and recommend your hon. Court to ppose the said bil. That the tendency of legislation towards centralization is, in the opinion of your committee, subversive of that pridile of self-government which is so congenial to the spirit of this free nation, and which experience has shown to have materially contributed to advance the prosperity and promote the liberties of the country. "That the persevering efforts of the Government to reduce the responsible local administrations of free municipal constitutions to the condition of mere agents of a Minister of the Crown display a tendency towards centralization of the most objectionable character, calculated ultimately to subvert and destroy the principles of local self-government enjoyed by the people and recognized by Parliament. "'That Mr. Remembrancer havg, by the direction of your committee, Prepared the draught of a petition to the hon. the House of Comrons against the said bill, we have approved thereof, and recommend the same to your hon. Court for ado,ition. All which is respectfully submitted. "Dated this 3d day of March. "JOHN WOOD " G. VYnx "P. LAURIE "D. J. l,LAuCHA "W. CUBInr "H. DB JERSEY de T. COIiNEY "I BLAE "3J. PAxIEE "T. H. IALL " B. BoWER "J. AnDnSTox "W. WnaTTms "J. CAUSTON "T. Rowi.y F. F.Asco.sA "W. S. HALE "H. L. TAYLoR EB. HICESON <W. A. ROSE "J. HIMxrRrmS "W. Hvui TEnR de W. JONES " T. DARm." " T. J. HOLT Mr. WOOD, in moving " That the Court agree with the committee in their report," said, that the committee had approached the subject with the greatest anxiety to do justice to its importance, and were unanimous in the recommnendations which it contained when it was very fully discussed on Friday last. Although the corporation itself was exempted from the operation of the bill, still the committee felt it their dutyto recommend to the Courtthat theyshould oppose the principle involved in it. (Hear, hear.) About SOyetitions from boroughs in England had been lodged against the bilL He knew that there had been and were in London delegates or deputations from all. parts of the country who entertained similar views in respect to the bill with those stated by the committee. Mr. W. JONEs seconded the motion. Mr. H. WELLGTON VALIANCE said that the bill was another step in the system of centralization which had marked the course of all, but particalarly so-caUed Liberal Governments, forthe last quarter of a century. Centralization was but despotism in disguise; it implied the taking of nll power from the people and lodging it in the hands of the Central Government. (Hear, hear.) The motion was carried unanimously amid applause. A petition to the House of Commons against the bill was then unanimously adopted. Mr. ANDERTzo said that, so far from finding fault with the Government for introducing thebill into Parliament, he, for one, very m3uch rejoiced that they had done so, because he was certain that it would be the means of arousing the countryfrom one end to the other for the purpose of getting rid of the centralization system, which it appeaxi to be the object of the present Government to introduce. (Hear, hear.) He moved, "That a copy of the bill, together with a copy of the petition, be forwarded to every H . seconded the motion, which was carried unanimously, and the Court adjourned.
THE ROYAL GRANT TO OFFICERS' FAMILIES. TO TEE EDITOR OF TBE TIES. Sir,-The letter in Th7e Timas of the 28th of February, stating Lord Panmure's refusal to grant to the widoweed mother of a distinguished officer who has fallen in the Crimea the return of the money which she had advanced for the purchase of his commissions, will be read by thousands with feelings which I need not characterize. In reply to Lord Panmure's polite expressions of regret that the regulations by which he was governed precluded him from entertaining the application, it may well, indeed, be asked, who framed those regulations? I trust, Sir, that 17ne limes will be the means in this, as in so many other cases, of causing Parliament to inquire how far these regulations accord either with the letter or the spirit of the Royal grant. The 5th article of the warrant grants to every father or mother of an officer leaving no wife or fanily the price paid for his commission, subje to this sole proviso-viz., that they be not excluded by wealthy circumstances. The Secretary for War being constituted the sole interpreter of Her Majesty's gracious intentions, construes this to mean, "having above 300. a-year." I trust he will be required by Parliament to explain by what process of reasoning he can justify this as a fair and reasonable construction of the proviso. But this is not the worst feature of the case. Vill it be believed that every father of a British officer is required, before his claim can be taken into consideration, to sign a declaration (form No. 11), certifying, among other. things, that he has "nopension, allowance, or urovision from Government;" that he is "in distressed alrcnmstances " and, further, to procure a certificate signed by the colonei and army agents of his late son's regiment (to whom his personand circumstances in 99 cases out of 100 must be entirely unlnown), couched in the usual terms of a recommendation to a public charity-viz., that they "believe him to be the father of the deceased officer, and humbly recommend him as deserving of Her Majesty's Royal bounty." I acquit Lord Panmure of being the framer of this form (which, possibly, has never been brought to his Lordship's notice), so degrading to every gentleman, to subscribe to, and so entirely at variance with Her Majesty's kdnd feelings both towards the dead and towards the living. There is a wide difference, every one kiows, between being in wealthy circumstances and being in distressed circumstances. The Secretary for War may ve a right, if he choose, to construe "wealthycircumstances"tomeanalifeincomeof 300.a-vear but wvhat authority has he zor eaciuding from the Royal grant the recipient of any pension from Government? Pensions arenotusuallygranted to those in "wealthy circumstences." Does Lord Panmure wish to proclaim to the country that Her Majesty intended that no officer or servant of the Crown receiving a pension for public services, good conduct, or wounds, should be deprired by that very circumstance from receiving back the price of a son's commission, purchased by him probably at the sacrifice of many of those comforts which his pension was. intended to provide for? Onemight almostimagine that the terms of the declaration referred to, and the construction put on "wealthy circumstances," were meant virtually to exclude nearly every father of a British officer from the grant ;- for how few fathers "in distressed circumstances," or with an income under 300/. a-year, could possibly afford to purchase a commission for and maintain a son in the army; and how few of such fa7hers, who are generally in the grade of gentlemen, can condescend to sue for the grant in formd pa7.peris, by pleading their distressed circumstances ! Is it becomin in a Government whichknows that it is by a series of blunders, neglects, and misconduct that the lives of so many gallant men have been sacrifized, to put such a niggardly construction on the Royal grant as wiU convert into a source of discontent and disappointment an act kindlv and graciously intended by our Qnueen as a tribute to the gallantry and sufferings of those who have fallen in her service, and of sympathy with the affliction of those "who mourn by reason of the war?' I have the honour to remain. Sir. A CLAIANT "IN VEALTHY CTRCUMSTA1NqE-." 1aIMchl 1.
SUNDAY IN THE COUNATY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I was one of the thousands who, in consequence of the low charge, yesterday visited Feterborolb, and was highly gratified with the trip, which affo ed universal satisfaction. While journeyingome, I was led to Teflect upon the mAany advantages w hch would accrae if the railway companies in general started trains on the afternoon of Saturday, to return early on the following Monoay morning, at eualIy reduced fares. I venture to assert that doue or triple the many thousands who patronized the two competing lines yesterday would avail themselves of the opportunity thus afforded of a cheap trip and a whole day's stav in the country. It would prove a benefit in which the publl'c and the .companies would equally participate, and which would go far to obtain, at once, .the mu;ch-desired Saturday haif-howyday. If, Sir, you would give this suggestion publcit the railway companies might be induced to give it a-trial. I am, Sir, YOur obedient servant. ONE OF THE PEOPLE. ,L;ndon, SSnth 1.
rNCEOSES THEATRE. Don't fancy, because the piece produced last night at the Princess's is intitled the FYrit Printer and Gutenberg is among the dremdctaipeomno, that therefore a new wreath hs been placed on that gentleman's brows. There is a Dutch tradition, according to which Gutenberg was a mere pilferer, who robbed one Costar, a citizen of Haerlem, of his invention, so that it is to Hollnd, not to Germany, wve are indebted forthe grand art of typography. Now, it is in the Dutch interest that Messrs. Tom Taylor and Charles Reade have writteh this drana. The first act takes place inthe garden of the burgomaste? of Eaerlem (Mr. F. Matthlews) in the year 1436. Of this picturesque spot the ruling divinity is Margaret (Miss -eath) the Burgomaster's daughter, who appears surrounded by a little court of her own; com r i Jacob loras (Mr. Cathcart) a ainter,Vanderbeke (Mr Everett), a poet, Otto of Aspren|(r. . Mellon), asoldier in the service of the Duke of Burgundy; and John of Gutenberg (Mr. Ryder), a ruined noble, who studie alchvmy, and is forced to gain h;s bread by assisting taurence Costar (M. C. Eean an illununator of missals. The poet and the painter have both presented the reigning beauty with specimens of their art, .when Laurence Costar, on enterng, attempts to surpriseher with a gift of a novel character, namely, a copy of verses, rinted by movable wooden letters of his own invention. leaughty Margaret laughs at the blurred characters and tears up the gift as worthless, much to the annoyance of the inventor; but John of Gutenberg, who is a spectator of the scene, at once appreciates thevalue of Costar's notion. He moreover overhears a conversation between Magaret and the famous Countess Jacqueline of Holland (Miss Maur ray} who has come to Haarlem disguised in boy's clothes, dith the intenion of raising as insurrection 2gainst the Duke of Burgundy, and contrives to ingratiate himself into the favour of both ladies, by defending Jaceueline against the wrath of Otto, who mistakes her for a rival in the affections of Margaret. In fact, John of Grutenberg is a plotter by nature, who, finding that his poverty is in the way of an union with the burgomaster's daughter, is determined, at any sacrifice of conscience, to remove so inconvenient an obstacle. The next act takes us to the interior of Costar's house, w.here we find the man of genius resolved to console himself for the slights of Margaret by his -devotion to his art, and basking in the thought of fuature glory. To his false friend he confides his " mystery," and they resolve to melt down the family pewter, as a better mate. rial for type than the wood which Costar has used in the first instance. At this juncture Margaret and Jacueline (still disguised) both arrive, and the former, after efechng a reconciliation with Costar, whom she really loves, solicits him to copy an insurrectionary placard in favour of the Countess, which is to be set up in aU the conspicuous places ef the town. Costar demurs on acco nt of the pf7ate character of Jacqueline, but his scruples are overruled by the beloved voice of his friend, and he gives his consent, intending notto make manuscript copies, but to inaugurate his new art by the required proclamation. Some impressions are at once struck off by himself and Gutenberg, but while he hastens to set up one in the marketplace the villan plays a double game of treachery, first summoninz thesoldiers of the Duke to the house bya concerted signal, then persuading the ladiea to fly in the belief that Costarhasbetrayedthem, and hastiy picking up his friend's press and carrying off the wooden tyePThus, when poor Costar retutrns, he finds him3self arrested for treason and discovers thewrong done to him by Gutenberg. Four years elapse, and when the curtain rises for the third act we are transported from Haarlem to Mayence, -where Gutenberg is living in great splendour. The Emperor not only patronizes the pilfered art, but the robber is olfically declared chief of the gaild of printer Costar, the real inventor, is a beggar in the streets, worn down to a skeleton by a long incrceration; but, though he cannot deprive Gutenberg of his surreptitious honours. he succeeds in convincing Margaret, who has come to Mayence, both of his freedom from treachery and of his right to be looked upon as the " firbs printer." Novelists and dramatists have ever considered happiness in love a sufficient compensation for every other caaity; and therefore, of course, we are to congratulate Costar at the end of the tale when he receives Margrets hand, and is clipped of his honours as an acklowledged benefactor to mankind. The characters of Costar and Gutenberg are drawn with considerable vigour, and the collision between them is skilfullymanaged. Theformer is apurelyidealbeing, anxious to benefit his fellow-creatures, without regard to his own interest, and as it is the position of the art of printing in the world's history which gives the plot its elevation, .we cannot blame the authors for mnaking Costar talk rather from the point of view belonging to the 19th century thanin themanner proper to an originator unacquainted with the results of his invention. Gutenberg, on the other hand, is "of the earth-earthy ' and we are made perfectly to feel that even if his love forMargaret had not betrayed him into d'ishonesty.andhe had fairlytakenhis share in the art, he would merely have zegarded it as a source of revenue. The mannerin which thesepersonages are acted at the Prinoesses Theatre by Mr. Sean and 3r. Ryder greatly conduces to their importance. Mr. Kean, in the second act, when Costar's heart is swelling withhisgrand idea, thoroughly enters into the ideal character of the position. loo to the future with the ired enthusiasm of a seer, and rejoicing at the benefits heillscatter around him with the ardour of a philanthronist. The " make-up," in the third act, when Costar is reduced to mendicity, is perfect as a representation of abject misery, but when Gutenburg approaches the crushed man is I abject no longer. His just indignation gives a tem-. poraryvigour to his shattered frame; hefeels (touse the words of the authors) that he has "a wrong to right," while his adversary has " a wrong to atone," and seldom have we seen an audience more deepIim ressedthanwth this exhibition of moral force combined with physical weakmne.m With these two personages all praise mnst cease. The other characters are feebly drawn, without being brief in proportion, and really lir. D. Fisher merits compassion for the platitudes he has to utter as the "town- ester' of Haarlem. The piece is completelysuccessful but with this success the dull comic personages nave nothing whatever to do. The view of Jaarlem, before which the &-st act takes place, and which is diversified by dioramic changes of light, is one of the most beautiful pictures ever put upon the stage. _,___ _
COVENT GARDEN THEATRE. Professor Anderson's experiment of a "monstler benefit" seems to have proved successful. The audience at 1 in the afternoon vas indeed somewhat scanty, but as the evening advanced the number of spectators increased, and the greater part of the pieces was seen by a large and fiuctuating multitude.
MB. LA YARD AND CAPTAIN VATSO2Y. TO THE EDITOIt OF THE TIMES. Sir,-During the debate upon the report of the Crimean Commissioners on Friday last, Mr. Layard is reported to have made use of the folowing words:-" He would refer to a case which completelyillustrated his position. Two or three years ago there was a rebelion in Ceylon. Proclamations were issued, signed by a Captain Watson. Those proelamations were of a very arbitrary and violent character, and led to an inquiry. Two gentlemen, Mladras civil servants and judges, were sent to the island of Ceylon to investigate, aud their investigation proved most undoubtedly that the proclamations were signed by Captain Watson. The Horse Quards interfered and appointed a court-martial; a second inquiry took pLace, and CaptainWatson wasacquitted. No one could doubt that the whole thinrg was got up to relieve Captain Watson from the effects of the first inquiry." As Mr. Layard has, in thus " completely illustrating his position," sadly distorted the facts of the case, and thereby mfficted a grievous injury upon Captain Watson's honour, I do trust you wil give insertion to this letter. It is quite true that certain proclamations of a violent and arbitrary character, signed by a Captain Watson, were issued during the rebellion in Ceylon. It is also quite true that the Madras commissioners, after a most careful investigation, pronounced the signatures to these proclamations to be genuine, although Captain Watson ha,d AdroA 4I= om io + fDG - wisn gvg evnaence before a committee of the House of Commons. So direct a reflection upon Captain Watson'shonour could not be overlooked by the authoritiesat the orse Guards; -they, therefore, caused a court-martial to be assembled in Ceylon,-and -with what object? To determinethe propriety of depriving him of his commission. For many days the evidence produced before the courtmartial differed but little in character from thatgiven before the commissioners, and the verdict of the court could almost be anticipated. Near the close, however, of Captain Watson's defence, a native civil officer, whose evidence was allimportant, came forward and made so complete a disclosure of the facts of the case, supporting his assertions by indisputable documentary evidence, that the Court at once pronounced the proclamations to be forgeries, and, therefore, most fully and honourably acquitted Captain Watson. I The finding of the court met with the entire approval both of the press and inhabitants of Ceylon; and the Commander-in-Chief, taking into consideration the geat distress of mind and pecuniary losses which Captain Watson had sustained, promoted him to the rank of major, appointed him to the staff of Ceylon, and secured his son a nonnnation to the Royal MIilitary A cademy, Woolwich. That Cap>tain Watson was without interest is sufficiently proved byhis being for 22 years on full-pay as a subaltern, seven of which heaptainas antenso n. - p ng the duties of his staff appositmentin Ceylon, and, as an intimate friend, I make thmsstatement, being anxious that the contradiction should follow the misstatement of Mr. Iayard with the least possible delay. I have the honour to he. Sir. Fv,,n- ,,n. nl;a MORTDLERAJDyIj. Cantain RIA.. and MTainr J Umor Umted Nervice Club, Mach L.
PAHISAN GossIP.-A piece of doggerel (writes a correspondent in Paris) which has of late made as much noise in aris as "Viflikins and his Dinah" did of yore in London-namely, the "Sire de F ancboisy"-bidsfairto bs tranformed, by accident, into a public song. Some weeks ago, the French Emperor and Em-press were present at the Od6on Theatre. Louis NapoIeon retired for a few mintes to the foper, whEereu.pon certain wagsbegan to chant, at first in a lowr voice, r'CarMen, Hadamns, n'avezt,usj,as un ,,uwrl Others took it up, and the same words were soon ~repeated all through thethetre, .to the intense disgust of the Gourt. Polioe-secret and avowed-were, howvever, soon at work, and the disturbance was suppressed, but nob before a new meaning was given to thete nmening ords. The consequence is, that no one can hum the air now without being looked upon as atauzpicioua chrce; and tbe sob. and the pieces written on the same theme are beio gradluilly withdrawin fromn all the theatresfor it is imposSi-. ble to prevent some one joining in the chorus con ~r CM-
I THE LOCAL DUES ON ,HIPPING BILL. (From the Ezaminer.) In the heat of tfhe battle raised upon this bill Mr. Lowa has been deserted by his colleagues. Whether or not this was treatment he was entitled to expect may in some degree appear from what we have to say of the measre proposed It was one of two introdaued on the part of the Govern.- ment, both of them thoroughly just and sound in principle, and both explained to the House by the ViLce-President of the Board of Trade, with unusual spirit and ability. The resolute opposition at oneo provoked by the particular bill now abandoned was not such as should have occasioned any murprise. So much the finistry had every reason to expect. On behalf not merely of shipowners, but of the whole public, against the System of taxing entire classes and communities by single towns, its provisions were framed. It was to talke away from certain corporations powers over other people than themselves and their own townsmen, leaving them simply power to riule over and rate their own locality. In other words, it took away a profitable privilege, and who could doubt that it would therefore be calledan act of spoliation? It took away a power; and, though this ws only a power over strangers, it was mere matter of course to expect that the old cry of rescue should be raised for "local self-govern ment." That every town.council concerned would set a member on his legs to speak against the measure, and that all the machinery of resistance brought up commonly tomake a stand for any corrupt system, would certainly be directed against the Shipping Bill, itrequiredno conjuror to foresee. It consisted perfectly withthose oldnotionsof commercial policy which Sir Robert Teel overthrew that seaport towns, or towns upon gre:t rivers, should be allowed, quite afterthe manner of the middle ages, to exact a tax or tokl on passing traffic. Time was when our dngs, for a little ready money, sold or made grants of their own dues in certain ports; and in this way a few towns obtained some privileges that were imperial aud by no means municipal. F?r imperial rights that now produce to the corporation of Liverpool 125,0001. a-year the original price was not more than 7001., forwhich payment the Molyneux family counted at that time upon a return of some 141. a-year from the privileges it secured to them. But the thing thusbought was not land, neither was it capitaL It was a delegated zight to impose taxes upon vessels and cargoes, paid partly by shipowners, and falling partly on the general consumers of the goods so taxed. It was the farming of a public trast, falling with unjust and partialincidents onparticular classes and hurtful to the people at large. Yet this is-XE public tax to which the Corporation of Liverpool, through its advocate Sir Frederic Thesiger and his ally Sir Francis Baring, lays claim, at this time of day, as its inalienable private property, to build town halls with, to dine or revel upon-in fact tode -what itpleases with. Why, the bare notion of a private right in such taxation is monstrous; and marveUous is the power of face which would claim it as a part of local self-government, and raise the silly outcry of centralisation against the desire to repealit. The Crown itself is in receipt of no inalienable tas, and, what it has not, it cannot bestow. Corporations are not ends, but means, as it was properly shown in the debate. Can it ba pretended that to even what they claimed in their old and rotten state, before the Municipal Act, the new corporations now reigning in their stead can lay equal claim? Precedents of compens.tion are urged with much vehemence; and such may undoubtedly have been just, as for example inthe case of the differential dues, in so far as they made amends for clear acts of departure from the ordinary course of legislation. But to the present case they in no respect apply. The purpose of the Shipping Bil wvas to bring up to the level of existing legislation fragments of usage that should have become obsolete years ago. Now that the dayof reckoning is come, to have fattened on abuses so long uncorrected is no ground for compensation, whatever of thaulnfulness or remorme it may suggest for years of overlooked and unmonlested enjoyment. Nor had the Government acted in anyhaste in this matter. The repudiated bil was founded uon recom3nendations contained in the report of a commilssion which, inquired into the subject very carefully three years ago. Many times also,beforethatdate, the subjecthadbeenpressed pon the attention of the House; and when Mr. LaboDcbere several years ago proposed the repeal of the navigation laws, it -was objected against him that he did not bring forward concurrently a measure of the very character ofthis which Lord Palmerston has now abandoned. Already anticipatin, moreover, the certainty of such interferencefrom the giLatre, the Liverpool cormoration has had the shrewdness to begin to borrow money on these dues, instead of borrowing on other available security; and with great force and spiMrt . Lowe pointed to this fact tas increasimg the necessity for immedate legislation. Re warned the House that, if they did not act at once, they would find. themselves entangled, when the inevitable time- came, by charges created expressly to embarrass the repeaL "We shall find the queston entangled in every possible way, and its settlement must be pstponed for an indefinite period. I say the commission has done its duty in reporting boldly and recommnending what was good for the pubbic. f say the Government has done its duty in bringingin this mesxre -and we say that Lord Palmerston has not done his duty in linging such a measure aside after a single night's experience of actve opposition. The plea is that there are complex interests to take into consideration. Butif these had not alreadybeen considered why propose to legislate at all? The committee is a mere pretence, a limbo to which the Rouse isnot sorry to diuniss an inconveniently just and righteous bilL If anything. useful or honest were intended by such a step, we should be quite disposed to askc with Mr. Disraeli, what necessity there can be for the Rouse of Commonsto undertake the duties of the Cabinet?s
SuIcDE.-Dixon, the officer in whose handls the'warrant obtained by the South-Western Rallway Com;aeny, on the application of Mr. Ballantine, against 1=. Williamn Dunn, of Staines, for fraud in riding by iheir carri3nes with an exhausted ticket, was placed, reported to Mlr. Eliott, at ILmbeth police-office, yesterday, that he went to theOldlloyalBaths, in Newgate-street, andthere found the body of the defendant. From what he learned there it appeared that the unfortunate man called at the baths about 9 o'clock on Saturday night, and requested that a private bath might be prepared for him. This was dane, and nothmig more was heard or seen of him until 10 o'cloclk at night, when he was found lyIn in a reclin- igposition in the bath, with his head and chest out of - thevater, andlife perfectly extinct. His gold 'watch, gold spectales, two rings, and a small sum of money were fouand onthe table, and, from documents found in his pockets, there could ho but very little doubt that the unfortunate gentleman committed suicide. One letter from a legal firm threatened that unless a sum exceeding 3,000o. was inune- diately paid proceedings 'would be taken against him. Hehad fulrther learnt that the deceased had left eight children, one of whomis inthe Bluecoat SchooL THE LOST SHPI'mG BiL.-The defeat of Mr. Lowe's bill is another ilustration of the ascendancy which " vested interests" can almost always command -when it is proposed to remedy an abuse or sweep away some amtiquated cobweb of legislationa which thse " wisdom of our ancestors," as it is called, has bequeathed to ns. No m;tter how clear may be the principle on which it is proposel to acet, no matter how unanswerable, so far as mere argument 2s concerned, may be the p&rfacular ease of reform wlhich is to be inaugurated-unless the mammon of "vested interests" be appeased by some preliminary sop, the obstructives generally rem,in masters of the feld, So has it been 'with the debate of MIonday night on MEr. Lowe's bilL The Government, thoh un shaken in their convictions, were compelledto bow before the overwhelming stormnwhichthe vested interests ed to have echoed from every part of the house, and the withdrawalof the bill waS the extorted homage which tbey had We hold the reference to a select committee very cheap The public know too well the meaning of such reference. PracticaUly speadng, an excellent measure isburked, merely because it has liad the misfortune to outrun in the liberality of its provisions the spirit which is toQ dominant in the preseat House of Com -ions. -It is particularly unfortunate that the straggle on this 'question occurred just now. Under present cmstamices the Government cannot afford to run the same risks, and exhibit the same moral firmness on minor questions of this kdnd, thatit-cold. at ordiny periods. The progress of our negotiations abroad might be seriously impeded'by any loss of stability on the part of our Government. Our Govainment cannot afford to incur much additional risk on this score. Defeated on the Wensleydale Peerage question, and with a defeat on Police Bill " looming in the proximate future," their position, were it not for the war popularity of Lord Palmerston, would be not a little serious. t was, therefore, well for them, and 'well, perhaps, for the question itself, that it did not come to an actual division. By the withdrawal of the b;l nisters have escaped'a defeat, and the House of Commons has been rescued from committing itself distinctly and avowedly to the perpetuation of a grievance 'which is ripe even to rottenness for thesiclkle-of the reformer.-Suraderland Times. OMMMS' OF SANHRST MmTrAY ComnaE.- A return obtained by M1r. Layard, .LP., gives a list of 42e officers who have received certificates at the Senior Department of the College at Sandhurst, and havo not been subsequently employed on the staff of the army during the last20 years. Most of these officers are now serving in the army. We subjoin the official list of their names as follo'wm, viz. -.Major T.P.Touzel, Brevet-Lieutenant.ColonelE. BR King, Lieutenant-Colonel W. R. Faber, Major J. Lardner, PIaymaster L G. I. Holmes, Brevet-Lieutenant-ColnelF. Lushington, Major J. B. Wheeler, Captain E. HaxvM, Lieutenant R. Petley, Colonel 3L W Smith, Brevet :b4or -Russell, Brevet-Colonel Borton, Captain R. Maznmnr, Caitain C. Sawyer, MajorH. Hamilton, Lieutenant-l 74e:6i P.1. M'Dougau, ajor W. E. Longden, Captain A, C. Robertson,ColonelC.JLHlamilton,CantainC. B.Pa. Gcrd>, Paymaster Scott, Lientenant-Colonel .G. BGooe Cptain_ Xicholson, Brevet Lientenant-Colonel C. W. Stsong, easp tain F. S. Daubeney A. Butherfoord, W. G.uMargesson, G.Hiad,I Inglis, W. A. Strattont, Breo-et.Lientenant-' Colonel FA. iiimuer, Captain lt P. Simth, IL Brett, Brevet-Lieutenant-C-Monel VW.G. DaNwIdns,. CaQptain S. Drlxng, J. Fraser, I. H. Kirby, .L ToWnsend, H. I. Mmlean, G. W. Baldwin, Major J. Ibouglas, Lieuternant -. Paterson. RoYAL fEEUw SOoirrZ-.C..A specidl geaieri meeting of the mnembers of this society took place yester, by, at the offices, Tri!algar-square, when the Dios' 6f Wel ton, one of the vce-presidents, was unanimously elected president of the society, in lieu of the late Duko of Norfolk, who hail held the office for mny sears.
PARLIAMBNTARY INTELLI-GENCE. I HOIJSE OF LOPbDS, DIONDAY, MARCH 3. The LoRD CIIA CZLLOR took his seat on. the woohsack at. 5 o'clock. The Earl .,f SHAFTESBURY presented petitions against opening '.nc British Museum, &c., on the Lord's-day, from the cl 4rgyinpakud others at Percy chapel, from the inhabita&.s ot Reading, Berksire, of Altarnon, Cornwall, of Ikurton-on-DullUnore, War,wickshire, of Weybridge, Buffi-1k, of St. Peter ars St. Omer, Hereford, of Hereford, of LatubeUt, of BEay, near Maidenhead, Berkshire, of oanney, -Bekshire, of Knockin, Salop, of Liangollen, Walke i of ai Saits, Norfolk, af folconibe Regus, of Ftvflwick eaxd Sturry, and of Chilbolton, Skuthampt-- i fromn the imnatcs of the Sailors' Rome, Wellsi-treet, Loodon Docks; frm the incumbeat and paeaial 'officers of West (2oker, Eomerset; fre-s the WsL-.1eyanMetn dists of lasra, '%mibridgeshire; from the W'keslyan Methodists of Moaddsiwoith; trom tllh- Wesleyan Methodists'df Tunbridge Woelh AKent; from Cihe Baptist 'congregationat Forncest St. I-'er's, Norfolk,, from the - EBaptist'cosregation at&.lein 'C-.auel, Brixte3-hill; from the ;Wesloyan Mlethodists.at-D7il , at Burbuy, and at Ashtcn. 'iosn the Gecral Bo ists and othA's of March; from te clergymen -of 'thi Rural De-ry of Frome, Eomerset; and frorm E?rotestcst iissentes, -'called General iBatists, of Coningly. tP$Aions were shso-presei*ad by Visoenst D NXGAw.o -ad"f%rd REDEsIXAfiinvt the aboliti*n of church-rates ,,without an equioeleut. .TUDILA- STATISVPZS. Lord BROUGHA'M,aitt rising to mnoe a resolution on the. 'Mbjectof judicial stitif.cs, said thathis noble and learned ;friend on the wcolsack, ;vhen he meaCioned this subject the 'other night, asked -him'sshat he meea's by judicial statistics ? ~what he w.eant byijsdicial statist;cs was, aai account in *detail of the swhole 'working of tuu administration of the -law and tie exeeatios of the lw, whether in or out of 'courts of.,jo3tke. -s, present, for"want of this information, Parliament was leftiin the dark--es to the necessity of the .abrogation of- thevidsting- laws,tnd of making new laws to -amend or-carry -into effect the purposes of the old. In -1I83. a -statistical- congress was held at Brussels. It was attended by-.spwwrds of 100-delegates from all parts: of -Europe, RussiaseK:cepted, and'from America. One of the sections of-thiscongress was devoted to judicial statistics. 'In the aut*mn of *last year-a similar congress was held in !Paris, under the .presidency of the Minister of Public. -Works. Three highly respectable gentlemen attended this -cosgress from this country-Dr. Farr, who was sent by :the- Registrar-General ; Mr. Fonblanque, secretary of the .Statisticih]tpartmnenb efitte Board of Trade; and Professor LevL iOne -of -the -four sections of this congress also ,was --alletted to judicial statistics, and the result *of their :inqiries vwas to recommend that a sinmilar *congress should be held in Londou, and that something ap.proaching to the all but, perfect system of judicial statistics of France should be -attempted in this country. The Lord ,Chief-Justice seensed- to suppose the other evening that he -was:sot -aware of -the returns already in existence con'nected,with -the -adninistration of justice, but these re,turns -were, *with .a very slight exception, wh6lly connected-with criminal proceedings. Before 1839 these 'returns'Were a little better than they were now, for from a -desire'foreconomny the inforniation was suppressed connected -with:the.age of-the individual and the degree of his inforxuation,-education, ..and instruction. In 1851, in order to save a few pounds, the statement of the sex was suppressed (Even before -1839 there was this defect-that there was only a return -of itke -number of prisoners or convicts, and no return-of the -number of offences. It thus appeared upon the returnsthat every prisoner had committed a separate offence. The consequence was, that it would appear .that six murders had been committed in Northumlber-and in -a -recent case where one murder had been teommitted ,and sig persons had been implicatedL In Ireland these returns were, he believed, better, .and :in-Scotland they gave the age, sex, and instruction. Some:pesons thought it of nogreatusetoascertainlthe degree Of :nstruction. In the French returns it was exceedingly satisfactory to observe, from the degree of instruction being .nseertained, that education was extending. In the five years ending,with 1820, in every 1,000 convicts there were 612 totally-without education. In 1850 that number wasreduced to 509. -Among conscripts the improvement, as might be -xpected, -had been considerablymore rapid than among *convicts. -In the 15 years between l835 and 1850 instead -of-*.480-in7every-1000 conscripts being utterly illiterate, that inumber,was reduced to 362. He attributed the defects in thesereturns to a false economny, which seemed to have conwverted the sneer of penny wise and pound foolish into a -maxim for our guidance. He felt much alarm, which he -trusted the noble lord on the woolsack would remove, lest there should be any- foundation for the rumour, hardly credible, of an intention on the part of the pretended friends of the system of local justice, to lower .-he-salaries of the County Court Judges. 'Well might the -system prayto be saved from its friends. He.would not go so far as to saythere vwasonly the difference of aletter between "'~friend" and " fiend" (a laugh), but he was quite sure no .proposition-was so utterly disrelished by the public as that -of reducing the salaries of the County Court Judges, after i'arliament, not in its generosity, but in its wisdom, had given the means of obtaining the services of the ablest most honourable, and most experienced men in the legal ,profession. (Hear, hear) Another defect in the returns 'ws that they did not show the proportion of crime to the ,population. In France that proportion was shown not .only with regard to the whole country, but to each .district. The average of offenders in the whole of France -was 1 in 4,568, varying, however, from 1 in 10,000 in the department of Aisne, to 1 in 1,380 in the department of the Seine, which included Paris, and 1 in 1,672 in Corsica-the least refined and the most refined departments being at the bottom of the list. Anotherdefect .n our .returns, and in which the French returns were adnirable-almost perfect-wvas, that our returns ;did notgive any account whatever of the length of time between the beginning and the end of the proceedings. In France, the .day the prisoner was committed and the day he was tried w-ere registered in every instance. Another defect, in our returns, -was that no account whatever was kept of offences -which never led to apprehension. To show the importance -of)iavingreturns of cases whichnever came for-trial,fe would refertothereport of aconsmissionuponconstabularyforces is-sued in 1839-the commissioners being thepresent Speakerof the House of- Commons, Colonel Rowan, and Mr. Chadwick. The-commisssoners sent out queries to the extent of 200 or -.0, .addressed-to various departments, to police officers, to judges, and to clerks of assize, in order to obtain that information.which-in France could be obtained in 48 or even -24, hours. In order to show how necessary it was that the -eturns -should not be confined to cases actcally brought into -court, -he would observe that the commissioners fomild that in the year 1810-17 the number of forgeries committed was 28,000,:and -the convictions were no - while in 1820-21 the mumber -of ruch offences was 24,00, and the convictions were 240. Thus, if the convictions alone were compared there -would appear to be an increasein that psarticular crime in 1820, while-the fact was the number had diminished in the p!oortion of one-seventh. Again, during the Period from 1806 tol1826the-convictions were doubledin numter, but the .offences themselvesactually declined 50 percent. He thought there-could -be- no -doubt of the necessity of extending those returns beyond.the-number of convictions, so as to include the number.of -offences charged. It mnight be said that no means-existed £or such returns. It might be true that in thins c tr,escept in one or twolarge towns, such as Liverpool and Manchester, such returns were now difficult to obtain-, but ini ireland the crime and outrage returns ,ae the ~very information which was required. Takinmerely the ficuhn-metronolitan return, he foundthere were ! in 152,60,6Soaffenees committed, of which 54,261 only casneinto-court, -thus leaving one-tenth which never caune - tnder the notice of.the legal tribunals. The French tables gave a the ecrcumstances of the individuals who were tried, and, s far-s possible, the causes which led them to commit effince-hether from poverty, intemperance, or other cause. It ght be said that such returns would he in some -eiegreeespeculative; nand,,no doubt, that remark would be trne fora single year-or for a single individual, but, by the doctri-e of chances, -he oinew he could safelyrely upon themi in co aring -a great -number of cases extending over a . nuiber of years. Anterror existing in one year night be repeated in the next, but the returns could be safely relied 1po01far the purpo6e-of comparing one year with another' A great defect in our !preent system of returns was, that no notice was taken -of -ummary convictions by police magistrates or -by justice3in petty sessions-a vast class of assize or the magitrates -at4puarter sessions, to which lone ur regular tables wereat jpresent confined. He thouht it very imsportanttbat this-subject should be considered especially since the act -of last Eession extending the jisdiction of mnagistrates and Petty sessions to cases of felony-a nmeasure which -had received the-approbation of the communitY at larte, and upon which r. Justice Coleridge had passd a warm -encomium, thexaore valuablefo a -learned personwho stated-thathehad been at one timeaversefron sthe adoption of su a-mneasure. He would next desire to men- ion the result of -the Erench statistical tables for 1S53 v which gave the nnnbcr of.offence3 as -well as the number of plersons cba'ed. At thbe asisies 5,442 offences were tried - and the num%erof persons wa3s7i. Beiore the correctional - tribunals there w-eCre 29t0 offences - -;and 261.rv jV- aons makdng altogether 268,000 perseus charged with 213,000 ofences. T'he French returns also distinguished mot only the dis';ricts in which offences were committed, but ,heyialso distinguaished between the natives qf rural districts and urban districts charged maith offences. U appeared that .there were tried a' the cOiurvd'asskes 4,194 nzetives of rural ,itistrncts, and 2,82tLatixes,of town districts. The offnces ainst proerty implicated 2,458 of the rurif population jk4d 2JW nI-speople; against the person, 14; offences a.w-,-e char%-eble to natives -of the xural districts, while 716 fel.t4o the is&ro of towaspeople. There was a-U an accarate account :of the number of.persons dealt wAm by the polis, from wlich it appeared th,e charges w"ee ;.543,000 in all,,of whiclh J74,000 were puished by fine, 24300 by impnssqs,ment, and 42,000 were ac-uitted. Somemf fiJese offenegs might be of a very tsiviJ eharacter, but 'ejiers were Qf a serious nature; howes'er, they were .all carefully gegistcred. The absence of similar aceurate -returns -bae. proved a serious obstacIe in maiiy instajaces. lwhen, wmi regard to the rural pol&e, what was tJ d-;cut,e Nparieenced in oIllctingi tatistics on that sub- nqumsirs were m2de ii those districts where te Ay1i4adbee= establihhed, but no information whatever xudF ipobtaipef, The greatest'difference was found to -,OstW:differentl purts of the count'r, and when it was en, 4aveeCd to assrtain the results of the w orking of the systei. At, wrhen xyaourse was hid to the reptrns, it was found th"at there wasuo information on which the slightest reliance c bo place; and that, instead of those who sought such -irnation being enlightened, tbhey were darVened am.iL confused. Another point rezarded the momentous 's.etion of transportation and renal senry. tude, including the tiek-of-leave system. Their lordsips h ia no information uLm"i tlat subjectat all. How different was this'froiM the sysje,.' -jurgaed in France. Look at tbe return in that country ±0? the 7r 1853, At the 4iuzeg there werer tried 7,317 si . -,)Yta no less than Z,401 war ?rsi4iu, or, " tieywol ,e desrsbfd in this co. try, persons who had relapsed a,d obeen recommittedthat was to my, that of those w;Ao were tried more than one-third had been before tried, and qonvicted. Of those a very large proportion had be;.= tried, not at the aesizes, but before the correctional tribtinals; nevertheless, 918 had been condemned to one year's i-nprisonrnent; 278 to a more severe punlishrment; and 169 to the greateet punishmrent short of capital-punishment.t Defective as were the returns from our criminals court, they stil form a part of a system which, if fully car'.ied out, would be of great service to the country; but, inregard to ourcivilcourts, no system whatever existed, f-Jr from them there were no returns at allneither from t4he Court vof Quecms Bench, the Court of Common Ple s, nor the Court of Exchequer, with regard to ihe commor. law, nior fromnanyoe the courts of equity. Fromn noneof the.courtsof We-timinsger-hallwerethereanyreturns whatever., He would ask their lordships what chance there wouldh Ave beenthat allthosedefects-hewould notcallthem abuses -which were now 4witted to exist in the Court of Chan,ery would have goneen yearafter year-he might say gene ration after geaeration-if they had had exhibited, in thaw correct, inteligibk, and striking form in which the Fr.enchexbitiedtheir ireturns, the results of the various suits pendi in that oaurt for years past? It was tree. that he aid nasany 'ethers had brought in various meares for the iniprvessent-ef the law; but, owing to the want of infornatin on the subject, and owing also in no smtaU degree to there being no Minister of Justice, whose duty it wvould be to take ohrge of such bills, their progress had been impeded, anrd their final passing delaye& year after zyear. He could seak positively as to that being the effect produced fromi his wvm experience of the marvellous difference in the progress of the bills which he presented when he had the honour to sit on the woolsck and of those whici he had presented since he had ceased to hold that aEice. In the year 1845 he presented nine bills, every one of which ought then to have been passed into law, and the majority of which had, indeed, smce passed, including that nmost blessed change by which 'parties were alowed to be examined as witnesses. That was introduced in 1845, and when was it passed ? In 1851 -a delay of six years and a-half-naking six years and a- half of n&isdecisions, of snistrials, of injurv to parties, of suppression of the truth, and of the triumph of falsehood; and all because the bill had not been brought in by a peron <foiacia1 weight. He could mention other bills which the same prejudicial delay, but he would only name on-the Bill for Abolishing the Masters' Office, ad mitted on ll hands to he a most useful and valuable m4easure; ard yet it was not till 10 years after that billwas fist propounded that it was suffered to pass. That could not have happened in France, because they would have had all the information upon which an opinion could be formed producedyear after yea;, and represented to the Government by the Minister of Justice, so that it would have been absolutely and utterly impossible that the abuse could have bceen allowred to exist for that period of time. -He now wished to call attention to another very important subject illustrated in these returns-namely, that of reconcilement. No greater benefit could be conferred on the people of this country than the establishment of a system which would make parties go before a judge-a person of character, experience, ability, and wholly uninterested-and take the advice of that person upon the question referred to him. He knew that in some countries where such an arrangement had been tried four-fifths of the causes had been settled in this way. In France the system did not work so well, but it still produced a good effect; out of 211,000 causes a reconcilement took place in 154,000, or in three-fourths. But there was another Bureau de Concilzations-he meant the Conscil doe Prudhomnes. As was known, these were men of respectability appointed to arbitrate in all disputes behveen masters and workmen, hiefly in the manufactuiring districts. The result was, that in the last year to which these returns referred, out of 28,000 such disputes, all but 1,041 were settled by this tribunal, and of the latter number more than one-half never went further, but were soon afterwards settled without coming into court. At St. Etienne, a great manufacturing town, out of 2,818 cases all were settled but 70, which was as if at Birmingham 1-40th part of the disputes between masters and wor1mien had been amicably and comfortably settled, so as to heal the differences between employers and employed. By a recent return, showing the number of prizes adjudicated upon in our Admiralty Court, it was lound possible to ascertain pretty exactly the operation and effect of the blockade maintained during the present unhappy war. But why should the return be confined to that one point? Why should not similar returns be required from this court with regard to cases of collision, in which it exercised a concurrent jurisdiction with the common law courts ? By such returns the greatest possible light would be thrown unon the working of these different courts in cases of this description. With respect to the last subject to which he should refer-namely, that of bankruptcy-we happened to have accurate returns, but by mere accidentthe accident of having had a commission of inquiry two or three years ago. At the present moment, however, no such informaton was procurable, nor would it be procurable unless his resolution were adopted. The French returns with respect to bankruptcy were, like all the rest, worthy of every commendation. Nothing could be more full, more minute, or more exhausting. You had, for instance, the number of bankrupteies in 1853-namely, 2,122. Those under 2001. were 319; between 2001. and 4001., 463 ; from 4001. to 2,0001., 348; from 2,0001. to 4,0001., 200; and so many above 4,0001. You had then an accurate account of the assets, 1,320,0001., of which (for they distinguished the kind of assets) 480,0001. consisted of real and the rest of personal property. The debts were 4,480,0001., of which 520,000M. were mortgaged. And then there was a minute account of the dividends, so that you could tell at one glance how many bhillings in the pound, as we should say, or how many sOus in the franc each person received by way of dividend upon bankrupts' estates. He could not imagine anything more consunmnate than the arrangement as w el as the execution of this branch of the French statistical tables. In that country there had, during the last 30 years, been a considerable falling 6ff in the amount of law proceedings, with one remarkable exception, and that was of cases connected with commerce, which had in the same interval nearly doubled. The increase of commerce among our near neihbours as indicated by that return ought to be a subject of hearty rejoicing to their lordships and t6 the country, because it afforded the strongest certainty of permanent advantage to Europe and to the civilized world. e would beg to lay upon their lordships' table certain resolutions, uon which he did not wish to ask their lordships to pass any judgment at present, but he wished them to lie upon the table in order that they m ight be fully considered. The first resolution referred to the courts of criminal law, and embraced the subject of the method of dealing with juvenile criminals; the second referred to the civil courts, the third to the Admiralty courts, the fourth to the ecclesiastical courts, and the fifth to the Courts of Bankruptcy. The considerations involved in these resolutions were of the utmost importance, and he trusted would meet with their lordships' careful considerati6n. The LORD CHATNCELLOR thought that his noble and learned friend was acting very fairly in not asking their lordships at present to pronounce any judgment upon the resolutions. Those resolutions referred to matters of the greatest importance, andwere worthy of the cordial attention of their lordships, and he could assure his noble and learned friend that they should receive his most earnest attention. The resolutions were then laid upon the table. The Commons Enclosure Bill was passed through committee. Their lordships adjourned at 20 minutes to 7 o'clock.
HOUSE OF C0MONS, MONDAY, March 3. IMPERIAL HOTEL COMPANY BILL. The second reading of this bill having been moved, Mr. BENTINOK moved as an amendment that it be read a second time that day six months. He objected to the 3measure, because it proposed to give to a private trading company powers to interfere with property which, in his opihson, lwere perfectly monstrous. M1r. MITZROY conceivedthatthebiU wasofanaturewhich ought to attractb fe attention of the House. To the provision enabling the company to take Crowvn property, witb; the consent of the Commissioners of Woods and Forests, there could of course be no objection; but the bill went further, and proposed to give powers to the company to take adjoining property without the consent of the owners. 1t was said that this project would tend to a great public improvement, but such a supposition was not a sudicient reason for giving these compulsory powers to a trading company, exceDt with respect to undertakings of a national character, such as railways, canals, &c. The bill would 'es-eU -nsDrecedent,andhehopedthereforeit would be rejected. Sir J. SHELLEY said that the bill was not under his charge, but he was anxious to assist inifurthering what he considered a great public improvement; and with regard to the biU establihing a recedent, there must be a beginning in all things, and if the bill were referred to a select committee, that tribunal would decide whether this was such a case as ought to form a precedent. With regard to the objection that the bill gave power to take other persons' property, he must observe that a portion of that properly consisted of a very low class of houses, and the company pro. posed to devote a large proportion of it to the benefit of the inblie by the formation of new streets. Some of the worst bldngs were on a site where there ought to be the best buildings. It ought to be a very strong case indeed to prevent the company from stating their case before a select commnittee. Mr. BOUVERIE said, the question was one of principle, not for a conmmittee but for the House to decide, and it was whether the House would establish a new precedent by agreeing to a bill conferring such extraordinary powers on a trading compaxy. The passing of the bill would he the beginmnig of a system of legislation under which nobody's property would be safe. Mr. T. DUNCOMBE said, he could not conceive a greater nuisance than an hotel or publichouse on the proposed site. He thought that a great part of the property, particularly where the barracks were situated, might be inproved; but at the same time they might have a better building the're than that proposed in the bilL 3fr. WVIISON explained that the Government gave their assent to the bill only so far as the Governuent=ro erty was concerned; and it would be for the House to i e on the other part of the biU as it thought fit. Mir. fPATTEN thought the measure one of the most objectionable that had been introduced into Parhament for A long time. i Mr* OTWAY said thit, though his name was on the back at the bil,- he had no personal interest in the affair,but supported. the measure on public grounds alone, for the com. pany proposed to form a magnificent street, and make other mprovements which wvould tend to the sanitary advantage or thle nai*bpo1is. - - qur. JAe t S o 7Gg EGOR hoped that the bhii vould be allowed to go to a select committee. A large hotel was required'in order' to viak-e -. a competition a trade6 here competition was-very%much needed. Mr.-'EWPART supported the second readin. 'ldr. MII2NES io orted the bill. He thoughtit weold pro'e'6a simulus to frtisferring to a morefavourabte ? , t present -the magziifltsnt I ictures of W. Turner were lying in lower rooms, -which he rdight aihost call cellars. Mr. DRUThOND said, enormous smus were wasted for what were called improvements. The architect of the National Gallery had studied in Greece, and that building was a facsimile of a building in Greece, and was reekoned the most perfect model of a Grecian building existing. (Laughter.) Bat no sooner was it erected than a universal cry was rased against it. In like manner, no sooner was a new picture lsought than the public discovered it was not worth a far "g, and after millions had been spent on the house in 'which they sat, the public said it was a disgrace to the country. At the bottom of all these schemes he always detected; jobbing architect and a lawyer. (Laughter.) The House then divided, wlien the numbers appeared:- For the second reading ... ... ... 72 Against it ... ... ... ... ... 64 Majority ... ... ... ... 8 The bill was accordingly read a second time. Petitions.were presented by Mr. Dusnor, from workers at bleaching works, Renfrewshire, for regulation of unI licensed brokers; by Sir G. GRLy, from the magis- Itrates, bankers, merchants, and other inhabitants of the lorough of Leicester, in favour of the Police (Boroughs and. Counties) Bill; by Mr. PF.LATT,. from parishioners of St. Johr.'s, Southwark, and the SouthwarkYoung Men's Society, against opening the Crystal Palace, &c. on Sunday; by Sir M. S. STWNVART, from workers in Mr. Thomson's mill, Neilston; workers in the employment of Messrs. Glen and M'Indo, Barrheed, for the regulation of unlicensed brokers in Scotland; by Mr. SPOONER, from the rural dean and clergy of the deanery of Monks-Kirby, in the county of Warwick, prayingforalteration in the mode of assessing rent-charges on tithes for the parochial assessments; and one from the lessees of the church in the counties of Salop and Hereford, for alterations in the Episcopal and Capitular Bii now before the House; by Mr. DucCAN, from persons resident in Dundee, signed by the Provost against opening places of public amusement on the Lord's day; by Mr. JON>s, from the parishes of Ilanedy, Pencarreg, Llanllwny, Llanflliangel, Rhosycoon, Llanbyther, and .Llanycrwys, Carniarthenshire, agauist the removal of Lam'peter College to Brecon ; by Mr. FoLEY, from Newbold-onStour, praying that no bill for the abolition of church-rates may be passed viithout an effectual equivalent- by Colonel GiLrN, from the Wesleyan congregation of daton Socon, Bedfordshire, against opening the Crystal Palace and other places of pubhc amusement on Sunday; and from the borough of Bedford, praying that no bill for the abolition of church-rates may be passed without a provision for the maintenance of the fabric, and that a provision may also be inserted to prevent the holding of a vestry in any church or in any room attached thereto; by MEr. JWom MGIEGOR, from the rrinister and congregation of the Bridgeton Church, Glasgow, against opening places of public amusement on the Sabbath-day; by Mr. DEXDEs, from the clergy of the deanery of Flham Rent, against the present mode of assessing rent-charge to iocal rates; by Mr. COBBETr, from the corporation of the borough of Oldham, the board of guardians of the Oldhain Unioni, and from the ratepayers of the townships of Upper and Lower Bowland, in the West Riding of Yorkshire, against the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill; also from the legally-qualified mem* bers of the medical profession of Oldham, in favour of the bill to amend the laws in respect of medical practitioners; by Mr. HsnRY BERKELEY, from the medical practitioners of Weston-super-Mare, and from the medical practitioners of the city of Bristol, in favour of a bill now before the House for regulating the medical professior; bg Mr. WARNER, from the Mayor, aldermen, and citizens of Norwich, under the corporate seal, against the Police(Counties and Boroughs) Bill; and from the Baptist congregation at Diss, in Norfolk, praying for the total abolition of church-rates; by Mr. HiTDLEY, from the attorneys and solicitors of Ashton-under-Line, against a clause in the Justices Qualification Bill preventing any attorney or solicitor acting as a justice of the pec during such time as he shall continue to practice as an attorney or solicitor; by Mr. JomeMWGREaoox, from the council of the province of Auckland, ewZealand, Prayingthat,toremoveinconveniencesand grievances, Auckland shall be constituted a distinct government ; by MIr. HORSTALL, from the Liverpool Chamber of Commerce, against the Partnership Amendment BilL and praying furtler time for the consideration of the JointStock Companies Bill; and from the Mayor and cororation of Liverpool, against the Police Bill ;by Lrd J. MLANERs, from clereg and laity of Belton, near Grantham, of Great Goner by, of Little Ponton, of Hougham and Marston, of Manthorpe and Londonthorpe, and of Syston and Barkston, in favour of church-rates; and from the Mayor and corporation of Colchester, agu the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill; by Mfr. G. 1oNG from Joseph Smith, of Bristol, praying for an inquiry into the delays and abuses of the Court of Chancery; by Mr. Bucx, from the dean rural and the clergy of the rural deanery of OLehampton, county of Devon, against the abolition of church-rates without an equivalent; by Mr. WELT-s from the inhabitants of Beverley, against the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill; by Sir X AGNEW, from the Free Presbytery of Stranaer; from the Kirk Session and Deacons' Court of the parish of Leswalt and from the congregation of the Free Church of Leswalt, county of Wigton, against opeuing places of amusement on the Lord's-day; by M. IGBY SEYMOUR, from Mr. George Lowther, in favour of the biU to alter and amend the law regarding the medical professsion ; by Lord GODERICH, from the friends of medic reform, at Meltham-mills, Yorkshire, against the Medical Profession Bill; by Lord SaEiue,.uE, from the medical practitioners at Caine, Wiltshire, in favour of the Medical Profession Bill; by lMr. G. S. Du-FF, from the magistrates and town. council of the Royal Burh of en, praying for a better regulation of the unlicensed brokers in Scotlandby Mr. 3 joA aN$, from the Mayor, aldermen, and burgesses of Berwick-upon-Tweed, in council assembled, against the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill; by Sir H. STB,CEY, from Poringland, Norfolk, against opening the British Museum, &-c., on Sundays; by' DAi'ES, from 287 clergy and inhabitants of Lampeter, against the removal of St. David's College to Breck and praying that the endowment of St. David's College be increased; and by Mr. A. BL.&cx, from the Sabbath Alliance of Scotlad, praying that the House would endeavour to premote thepropr observance of the Lord's-day, and send an address to Her Majesty requesting Her Majesty to prevent the playing of the band on Sundays at Windsor and at Kensingtongardens. SALE OF COMlSSIONS. Sir D. L. EVANS gave notice that he should tomorrow (this day) move for a select committee to inquire into the expediencyof abolishing the system of sale and purchase of commissions in the army, and into the best means of accomplishing that object. DISTRICT SURVEYORS. In answer to Mr. M. SVIrTH, Sir G. GREY said, he had no present intention of introducing a bill for the purpose of establishing district surveyors, instead of the present parochial system (of assessing to the highway rate, as we understood). AUSTRALIAN COLONIES. In answer to Viscount GODERICHI, Mr. WILSON said, that the tender for the conveyance of the Australian snails only required these vessels to call at King George's Sound, which took the eastern route. THE LICENSING SYSTEMI In answer to MIr. T. Du\co3sus, Sir G. GREY said, he had no intention of introducinany measure in reference to the licensing system in ths present session. SUPPLY. The report of the Committee of Supply was brought up and agreed to. THE DEBATE OF FRIDAY EVENING.-PERSONAL EXPLANATIONS. On the order of the day for the House to go into Committee of Supply being read, Sir D. L. EVANS rose and said,-fMr. Speaker, I must ask the indulgence of yourself and of the House for a short time while I make a few observations with reference to some remarks which I made in the course of the debate on Friday evening. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman the member for the University of Oxford (Mr. Gladstone) reproved me and others-I am sorry to say, not altogether without cause-for having engaged in what he characterized as a random discussion. To the random character of that discussion I am afraid I contributed my full share. There were two officers whose names were not introduced by the Under-Secretary for War (Mr. Y'eeiJ who wGrsu oont«y oforxeA o bymnie Thefirst was a junior officer, Major Dowbiggin. I am sorry that I made any reference to him, for, although the conduct of persons in my own pcsition must be open to criticism, I think that young officers should not be interfered with without very great reason. Since Friday evening a friend of mine and a relation of this young officer has sent me a letter regarding him, which was most gratifying to me. From that I find that, on the 22d of June, when at the head of 200 men, Major Dowbiggin greatly distingaished himself by his- gallant conduct in repelling an attack of the Russian troops. On that account I am extremely glad that he obtained the promotion which, from -what I read in this letter-a letter more genuine than even a public despatch-I am convinced that he amply merited. (Hear, hear.) So far am I from wishing to injure his professional prospects, and so convinced am I of his merit on the occasion referred to in this letter, that if I see his nia'me in the Gazettc again it will afford me great pleasure. (Hear, hear.) The right hon. gentleman (Mr. Gladstone) alss referred to the introduction of General Simpson's name There is no man who has been more highly spoken o' in his private capacity than has General Simpson. I have not the honour of his acquaintance, but I never heard a syllable to his disadvantage. When I read the newspape: on Saturday morning I saw that I had used expressions which I regretted exceedingly, and Ientirely admit the justice o the reproof of the right hon. gentleman. (HeIar.) I there fore beg to retract-every word which might seem to reflect on Ozeneral Simpson'g private character. With regard to his conducntas a general officer, there is, however, no man in the Briti;¶h ariny who-has a better right to speak than I:have. becausiIthinkthercis no officer whose conduct has ibeen more coj=iented upon, and that, rather severely, than mr own. Th,'re was another'name upon which, in defendinmyself aga06tU t 6U statement made by the Under-Seret zy for War, I ari'f aid that I touched without that profoun t deference and w hpect which I undoubtedly entertain fo.! him who he4 , T refer-to the name of his Royal-Hightness the-Duko-of c.nWibrsdge. Sir, it was my lot during-th3 carnpa:.gs in the Eass'o be generally either supported by or eo-opferastiig wi~tlt his 3oyal ^Highness, and it Is impossible for any naicto be treat*'d with geter kdndness and con-' odesetusioss thanlre'ceived from hain It was also mygood for'tune'gesidrallyt6 concr wstlThii-n nhsi*o$noiou.and Ieould meat. Therefore, Sir, feeling for his Royal Highness so deep a respect, and, if I may: be allowed to say so, so sincere a regard, it would iflfict ime very much if anything which I have said, or the marner in which Ihave said it, should in the Elightest degree be wvanting in the-profound respect to %blch his high qualities, both personal and professional, entitle him. 1 hope, therefore, that on these points 'I may ba exonerated from blame. The name of Colonel Gordon was introduced by the Under.Secretary for War- and with respect to that officer the hon. member for Beverley (Mr.. Gordon) addressed the House in reply. The hon. member for Beverley addressed himself to the question in regard to his relative in so generous and courteous a manner (hear, hear) as to excite in me a feeling of compunction: for the way in which I had spok-en upon the subject. (Hear, bear.) I can only say that I sincerely hope he will forgive me for any wound which I may have inflicted npon his feelings. Perhaps, had I had more presence of nmind, I should have expressed this hope at the moment. Another relative of Colonel Gordon, the noble member for Tyrone (Lord Claud Hamilton), also addressed the House. He spoke upon the subject with more energy, and used on;o expression of which I felt forced to complaui to him He i eplied to me in the most handsome, kind, anid complimen1ary manner, and I am bound'to express to him my acknowledgments for that reply. He certainly, in maintaining his Ergument, used other strong expressions; but I am so coni cioUs that I myself frequently require tolerance and consideration for loss of temper, and too strong expressions, (specially when personal feelings are enlisted in the dis(ission, that of theseIwill not complain. Theprincipalcomplaint againstmne on Friday evening however vws, that I was prejudicing Colonel Gordon in reference,to his examination before the board of general officers. It did not occur to me at the time that this interpretation might be fairly-put upon it. Itismatter of regret,to me that I should have done alything Ihat might have that effect (hear, hear); but I hope that ilhe members of that board are above being affected by any heated or extreme observations I may make. I also stated to the noble lord that I had my grievances, which would at a future time appear. I deprecate these discussions at present, and wish we had observed the rule laid down by the right hon. baronet the member for Droitwich (SirJ. Pakington) ; but I think that, when the time shall come for the revival of this controversy, I shall be able to show that I also have my little grievances upon this subject. I had not the slightest notice from anybody that evidence had been taken against the four generals, and only learnt it entirely by accident. However, Iventuretothink that, shouldanopportunity for a complete explanation occur, it will be seen that, if I have offended agauist the distinguishedhouse to which the noble lord (Lord C. Hamilton) and his relative on this aide (MIr. Gordon) belong, I also have some ground of complaint Iag,ainst that distinguished house. Having thus exspressed my regret in termus as strong as I can find words to frame, let me refer to an observation made by the noble lord (Lord C. Hamilton) towards the conclusion of his speech. That observation was to the effect that I had, after the battle of Inkermanu, made a proposition to Lord Raglan, and that Lord Raglan had replied to me, "What! do you propose to abandon the cannon and the French?' My reply to that was that no such expression was ever used by Lord Raglan. (Hear, hear.) I did make a proposition to him, and I stated from memory what took place. On the followin morning a friend of mine called upon me and said, "I read what you said upon that subject last night. Perhaps you may have forgotten it, butIhave read a letter of yours written immediately after the battle, which was shown t-) me by your wife, in whichare precisely the words you used last night in the house." I had totally forgotten it, but I now have that letter in my pocket. It is quite at the, disposal of any one who wishes to peruse it; but it contains some observations in regard to our allies which at present it would be improper to publish. The friends of Lord Raglan or any other hon. gentleman are, however, perfectly a liberty to read it. It contains no sentence which would | affect me if it were published at Charing-cross. All these r hingc every opinion expressed by a general officer, will be made public; and I have no doubt that if we are all equally ixtlicit, many of us, however wre mayappear as soldiers; will turn out to have been very bad prophets.; The letter to which I have referred is dated the 5th of November, 1854, nd contains the following passage:- " General (anrobert and Lord Raglan were soon present, eirecting the troops. The former was slightly wounded in the arm; nothing to speak of." Shortly after the battle. "L ord Raglan, on hearing that I was present, sent for me, expressed himself glad to see me, but desired me to go back to my ship." The day previously I had also been directed from his lordEhip not to come to the front till perfectly recovered. "I then asked him if lie would pardon my offering au cpinion relative to the state of the annies, &c. He said he would. I offered my poor opinion in deep earnestness, and, at any rate, sincerely. He is not a man who discusses, at least not with those in my situation, I believe. But he appeared by no means displeased-and I thinL-, possibly, was notaltogether uninfluenced by it. This, however, I may be entirely mistaken in. There are in fact,, as you now also, twvo chiefs-French and English; and, although most true, faithful, ead cordial, yet inevitably different poEDcies to be considered. And I believe the iFrench have momentous reasons for their course of proceedings, and their course, apparently, must not be deviated from by the British." The grounds upon which the last sentence was written will at a future time appear. To enter into a strategical discussion at present, whie things are still unsettled, would be imost objectionable. (Hear, hear.) I only hone that I have not been wanting in my explanations. (Cheers.) Lord C. HAIILTON.-I hope that, under the pecaliar circumstances, the House will favour me with its attention for a few minutes while I refer to what took place .on Friday night. I can with unaffected sincerity assure the hon. member for Westminster that I never intended by any expression of mine to reflect in the slightest degree on his known and well tried gallantry, or in any way to call in question his brilLiant courage. (Cheert ) The very words which I addressed to the hon. and gallant member aiien I spoke to him with reference to the matters now under consideration are so fresh in my memory that I eanorepeat them to the House. I told him thet his courage had been so well established on many a hard-fought field that any maa who could cast an aspersion on it would hut cover himself with confusion. (Cheers.) It is clear therefore that I could not have myself intended to take any such course. All that I desired to impute to the hon. and gallant gentleman was a certain want of fair play in the attaek he imade the other evening on a gallant relative of mine. But now that the House has heard the remarks which the hon. and gallant offlcer has thought fit to offer with reference to a somewhat remarkable statement made by me on Friday evening, I trast that I- a:ot maI be allowed to s3y a fewa words in explanatior. (Crses of "Hear, hear " and "Oh, oh !") Iam sensible that in so doing I shall be trespassing on the rules that govern otrproceedings, but I enture to hol athat under the ce artcircumstances of the ease the vouse will extend me itscindulgence (hear) ; and the more particularly when I assure them that I will not trespass at any length on their attention, nor deviate from what I believe to be necessary for eatablithin-t the simple fact that the statement which I made on 5riday evening I did not make without believing that I had good groundsafor it. (Cheers, ad cries of " Order lt) I donut ask the House to declare that I was justified in my opinion. Al I askis that they will permit me to lay before them and the country certain facts; and, having done so, I will leave to them and the countryto decidewbether or notI was so justHfied. (Hear.) Iam apprehensive of beingthoughtto occupy themposition of one who lightly and without suflicient foundation his made avery remarkable statement affecting insome degreethe military character of the hon. and gallant member. ("NSo, no !"). I will sot refer in detail to the language Iused the otlier evenin ; but I will show that my assertion, that on the night of tse 5th of Nhovember, the night after thebattle of Inkerinaun, the hon. and gallant member counselled and I strongly and repeatedly urged the immediate embarcatinn of othe ritish army and the leaving of our guns and our Fren-h aDlies to the mercyof the enemy,was not whollvwithontfoimda: tion. (Cries of " Order !"and "Oh, oh !") Iwillread to tho House the evidence on which that statement was founded. ("No, no 1") I hold in my hand-(" Order, order 1") If the House wil not bear with me-if they think it right that I should remain in the position of having made a statement forwhich I cannot glve grounds or assign rhesons, I of course mnust acquiesce in their decision and res^ume my seat. *(" Order! order !") Sir D. 3;. EVANS.-Ibeg the noble lord to nnderstand that I never charged him with having made a statement whichbe did not believe to be correct. (Eear, hear.) I am ready to enter into any explanation why I said this or thought that; but I put it to the noble lord and to tle House whether it is desirable that I should be compelled to take such a course ? (Loud cries of "Hear, hear.") I put it to the House whether it is possible that aquestion such as this should be disposed of by a 1sine statements (Hear, hear.) I do not think that the noble lord should continue his observations unless it-is understood that I shal be permitted, in reply, to discuss the question in all its bearing. (Hear, hear.) - The SPEAKR.-I hope that the noble lord will not at- tempt anythingso rregular as the revival of aformer debate. (Hear, hear.) It is competent for any hon. member to offer a personal explanation of anything that may have fallen from him on a previous occasion, should he think fit to do so; but it is avinst the rules of the House that he | should revise a former debate. (Hear, hear.) Mr. A. H. GORIDON rose amid cries of " Oh, oh," and "Order," and said:-I have no intention to prolong this I discussion; but Ihope I may be permitted to state, on my own behalf and on that of my gallant relative, the great satisfaction with which I have listened to the speech of the hon. and gallant member for Westminster, to whom I offer my best thanks for the manner in which he has this evening expressed himself with regard to certain words used by him on a former occasion. For his complimentary allusions to myself I know not how to thnnk him; but I beg that he will do me the justice to believe ihat I am not ungrateful. (Hear.) Having said so much, I venture to think that the hon. and gallant gentleman will 1hank me for taking this opportunity to bring under his notice another expression (" Oh, oh !" and laughter) use3 by him in the course of the same debate. ("No, no!) I- 'would appeal to the indulgence of the Honse -while trespassing for a siugle moment on its attention; (Loud cries of " Order !") Lord PALAMRSTON.-You, Sir, have laid down the rule which, -unless-on very extraordinary and exceptional occasions, ought to govern our proceedings, namely, that it is irregular, and at varianee with go6d order, to refer in one debate to what took place in another. (Hear, hear.) Cir! cumstances will no doubt occasionally arise, as in the case of, the speech delivered this evening by my hon. and i gallant friend the member for Westminster, which ustify a departure from this principle, biulI an sure thWm. fe House will agree with me thatthe explanation offered by-the lion, and gallant' general ought to be satisfactory'td the feelibgs of all those who might have conceived tbern4 -selves inanydgree affected. by the remarks which, 'in the warmth af the risoment' said in the eagerness of debate, hie, *'- q'fne_ lappIo,i: with :hon rAtmbers,Imay have Jade f4avg the discussion on Friday evening. (Hear, hear.) I l;a being so, I camnot but think that, after the handsome explanation- of the hon. and galUnt cfficer, the' Hous6e will best consult the feelings and-chaiacter of all concerned, ind act in the manner most consistent with its usuda praciice, by now allowing the =ntter to drop.- (%Ceers from al, parts of the House.) ' ' Mr. DISRAEIT-While expressing my entire concurrence with the noble lord, I may be' peritted to observe that the speech of the hon..'and gallant mtember for West. 3ninster appears to me to have removed the painful feelings which pervaded the House in consequence of his remarks the other evening. (lHear, hear.) I have listened with txtreme satisfaction to the observations he has this evening offered; and I am sure that the cordial and generous man. nerinwhich he addressed himself to the various points reqwirtng explanation must be appreciated on both sides of the house. (Hear, hear.) Having said tbis, I feel that it is due to my noble friend the -member for TIrone (Lord C. gaamilton), to add that there ought to be no mistake as to his position in this matter.' (Hear, hear.) The House will, I am confident, be unanimously of opinion that no imputation whatever rests upon my noble friend of having made a statement which he did not believe to be authorized by the facts. 1So'ody can doubt that my noble friend made it npon what aqipeared to hin-and what may hereafter prove to be-sufficient evidence. Re camne down this evenine prepared to produce the evidence on which he founded his assertions; hur the House cannOt fail to perceive that statements of this kind cannot, according to the rules which govern our debates, be satisfactorily dislosea of by any discussion that may take plaoe here. tispossiblethat some analogous expressions-or, it may be, that the identical expressions-quoted by my noble friend may have been used by a gallant officer in the position of the hon. and gallant gereral the member for Westminster; but to form an accurate judgument on those words, and to atrive at a safe conclusion as to the propriety of his conduct in using them, we must have before us certain details which are not within our reach, and which cannot be available for the purposes of popular discussion. The opinion of an experienced and veteran officer like the hon. and gallant member for Westminster must of course have been looked tow with interest on a ques'tion of such importance; but the precise value of his opinion, in this particular instance, must- depend on the inmaner in which it was expressed, the circumstances under which it was offered, and a thousand matters of detail of which it is notpossible thatwe shouldhavea competent mnow,ledge. (Cheers.)Thereisageneralsentimei'atof satisfactionthat , the hon. and gallant member should have come down to the house to remove, by a frank and manly explanation, the painful impressions produced by his remarks on Friday evening; and I am sure there is also a general concurrence of opinion on'both sides of the house that my noble friend the member for Tyrone lies under no imputation of having made arash statement, oronewhich he didnot believehimself capable of justifying. This being the state of the case, and it being obvious that no satisfactory result can follow from the prolongation of this discussion, I trusli that it will proceedno further. The hon. andgallantofficeramade hi e-m lantion,andit is, I think, the universalfeeling of the House that the matter was revived only to be terminated for ever in a manner agreeable to all parties. (Loud cheers.) The subject was then permitted to drop; and it was not without a smile at the violence and rapidity of the contrast that the House at once passed from the fierce excitements of the camp to the humble sorrows of under-gardeners. TAX ON U.NDER-GARDENEES. On the motion for going into Committee of Supply being put, Colonel IARCOUIT wished to call the attention of the Chancellor of the Exchequer to the mode in which the tax of 10s. 6d. per annum on under-gardeners was assessed and levied. The hon. and gaBlant gentleman qioted the opinion of Professor LindUey, given in the columns of the Gcrdeners CMronoicle, as to the meaning of the term " under-gardener." This eminent authority regarded an under-gardener as being a person possessed of more sldll in horticulture than an ordinary day-labourer, and as receiving a higher rate of wages. The Commissioners of Assessed Taxes, however, so construed the act as torenderthe taxpayableforevery day-labourer(emnployed under a gardener), who knewnothing more of horticulture than merely how to dig and hoe. Such a rigorous mode of applying the act was most impolitic and unwise, and one that certainly could not have been contemplated by the Iegislature. It was true that the view of the commissioners was upheld by the decisions of the courts of law; but then a most eminent lawyer-Lord St. Leonard's-was among the numberof thosewhohadappealedagainsttheirinterpretation, and, even if the exaction were legal, the case was one of such grievous hardship as to justify an appeal for redress to that House, the source of all power of tacxation. The operation of this tax must tend to check the occasional employment given by many persons to agricultural labourers in the winter from considerations of charity. The CHA&NCELLOR of the EXCHEQUER said,-The question raised by the hon. and gallant member turned upon the construction of a clause inan act relating to the assessed taxes which was passed in 1853. That act imposed a tax of a guinea a-year upon gardeners, and of half-a-guiea upon under-gardeners; but, although it defined what class ,of persons should be considered as gardeners, it did not give any definition of under-gardeners. He (the Chancellor of the Exchequer) folly admitted the right of that House to consider and to decide upon all questions relating to taxation when the subject was brought before them in a legislative form, but he could not agree that it was the province of the House, after an act relative to taxationhad received the Royal assent and had become law, to interrret the language of thatac. He imagined thattheinterpretation of acts of Parliament, whetherrelatingto taxation or to othermatters, was vested in the legal tribunals of the country, and all that the House could do was to watch the operation of such acts, to comment, if necessary, upon the construction that might be put upon them, but to leave their enforcement to the ordinary ttibunals. He understood that the construction which had been adopted by the Revenue Department was this-that persons who were regularly employed for a whole year, -and who were -under the direction of a head gardener should be regarded as under-gardeners, bat that persons who' were only casualy employed, and who were engaged in such. duties as might be performed by common labourers-as for instance, in mowing grass, or in keeping gravel walks in order, were not to be deemed under-gardeners. It appeared to him that that was a fair construction of the words of the act, so far as their meaning could be coLected. E e certainly could not agree with tTSe hon. and gallant member in thinking that any hardship w;as indlicted upon. the labouring class by this tax, which did not lead to any deduction from wages, hut fell entirely upon mnaste=rs. Re thought, therefore, that no ground had been shown for the interference of Parliament. While he was addressing the House he might, perhaps, be forgiven if he advertead to a subject foreign to the matter under discu ssion, in order that he might repair an injustice which he had unintentionally committed m a late debate h ith respect to a very distinguished gentleman from whose writings he had quoted-he meant Mr. Tooke, the author of a pamphlet upon the Bank Act of 1844. He had received a letter from MEr. Tooke explaining the meaing of passage to which be (the ChanceLlor of the Exchequer) had occasiontorefer, and the meaning of which he had quite unintentionally misrepresented (Heat) He had before quoted the pamphlet from memory,but, with the permission of the House, he wiould now hadthe pas6aged to which he had referred. hr. Tooke saidinthepamphlet,- " It is now upwvards of 18 years ago that I called attention to the inadequateness of the stock of bullion which had, in the few years immediately preceding, beenheldby the Btnk of england; and recomtmended that it should toe teendeavour of the directors to maintain an average amount of treasure of not less than 10,000,0001 0. He then went on to say,- " In the evidence which I gave before the Comomittee on Banks of Issue,in 1840 I stated it asiny opinion that, consideringthe great extension of trade anud of the general transwations of the country, and of the consequent greatly extended circulation of paper credit, it was desirablne that the metallic basis should be wider than that which I had before suggested, of 10,030,0001.., and that it ought not to be less than 12,0O0,0D0UhJ In citing these passages from- memory he had stated that Mr. Tooke proposed a 7niniunau fixced limit of 12,000,0001. as the reserved bullion of the Bank of England. REe understood from Mr. Tooke's explanation that he did not mean an absolute fixed! limit,- hut a fluctuating limit extending over a certain period of time, so that, i' at one time the bullion were to exceed that limit by 9,000,000Z., at another time it might fall short of it by <9,000,0001. Re (the Clhancellor of the Excheqer) we3 naot .inclined to examnine into the question whether or no such a limit would be effectual for the purpose, but he could only repeat his regret that he had unintentionally misrepresented Dr. Tookre's opinions. RELTIONS BEITWEENX ENGLANI) AND PERSIA. Mir. I&YARlD-Sir, before you leave the chair, and the House goes into CommLittee of Supply, I wish, as briefly as I am able, to call attention to the state of£our relations with Persia. My apoIcgy to the Ro-use and to the Government fqr delaying the important business to which we shall next proceed, is my conviction that we are about to enter, if we have not actually entered, into' a quarrel with the right against us-a quarrel from which it may not be very easy to withdraw, and one which may lead to most disastrous results, and may be attended with great damage to our interests in Central Asia. Itierefore entreat the attention of the House to this subject for a few moments. I know that Eastern questions are unpalatable to the House, and considering the connecion that exists, in many respects, between England and the Eastern Powers, I am certainly surprised that Eastern affairs excite so little interest here. I should have brought this question under the notice of the Rouse almost a week ago, if I had not hoced that the matter would have been arranged and that a rupture would have been avoided; but I now find, from authority upon which I can depend, that we are about to take, if we have not actually taken, hostile steps against Persia. This statement is confirmed by an announcementin the public prints this morning that-according to one account five ships, and according to another two ships-have sailed from India for Bushire.- I claim the indulgence of the House upon another ground. During the last three years I have continuaUy called attention to the state of our relations with Central Asia, and I think -my anticipations have to a certain extent proved to be correct. The House will remember that I warned the Government of the importance of retaining KmIs (hear, hear), and about a year ago I seriously drected their attentionto our relations with Persia. At that time, inu January last ` year,,- our mission in Persia Was in ieryweakandaineffcient: mds. Ithinkthe hon. member for Poole, if- he did not give notice, intended to give JiCth4t1V!WVM1&O,dcatOi A#ttjgtio of the HoUee to the elbject, but, unfortunately, he was involved in that Goreran mnent maelgtrom in which so many hon. members are shipw w:eadin1tiis house.- ("Hear," and laughter.) I read this circumstance, because the hon. gentleman would hava tein able to afford us very valuable information on the sub.; ject. On a former occasion I stated that, while bening testimony to the high character, qualities, and abilities of MIr. Murray, and while I considered kim well fitted for diplomatic service in Europe, I did think it unfortunat that, at a moment when great interests were at stake, j- gentleman who was not acquainted with Persia, who kuew iotling of the m,.ners of the people or of their laggUe sould have been sent as the representative of this country to the Court of the Shah, and I ventireet to point out a galxlnt gentlemasn who eminently -united al those qualifications which it was rneces. rary for a Britishi representative ina Persia io po'sse-m. What I then anticipated has come to pas3. I think ther House anlagree with me, 'vhen I have stated the facts o£ the case, that we have got into a Yerious ana not rery creditable quarrel, owing to the want of those qualifications which I pointed out as essentially neco to the Bitish representative in Persia I knowit is dtfcultto obt accurate information on such a subject; but I will endeavour to describe the state of aairs as correctlas possible. The Government may tel me that I ought to have asked for papers. That is the answer which independent member always gets in this hou'e; but if hat asked for papers, they would have been*ref sed on the usual ground of "inconvenience to the public service," *vhle, if my request had been complied with, before the papers could have oeen produced we should probably have embarked ira a war without Parliament having expressed any opulidou Om the subject. I will state the case as I have heard it botb fronm the partisans of our mission and fromr the emissarieeI of Ithe Persian Government. We treat iwith an eastersa nathon like the lion in the fable. *Ve have bluebooks, official gazettes, newspapers, and iagenious friends of the Govenment, who can state the case in 'he most advan. tageous anner for ourselves. But Penda has no bluebooks, no gazettes, no Houses of Parliament, no ingenious friends of the Government to represent the case in the most favourable light. It is possible, therefore, that I may err ilk the facts, but if I do so I hope the noble lord at the head of' the overpment will put me nght. There was, then, a certain irza Hashim, who h, Id in Persia some such office as that filled by the Cleas of the Ordnance in England He had some dispute with the Persian Govern.` ment, connected, I beheve, with pecuriary m-tters. Whether he wasindebtedornottothe GovernmentIwilEl not venture to say, but he apprehended that he mighlt be subiected to unfair usage, and therefore tok refuge in the British Mission. It is an old custom in Persa, that persons who have committed crimes or have quarlled with theD Government can take refuge in certain plases, where they arefree from arrest. Theymay go into amosgqueorsit.under a gnn in a park of artillery, or tale refug>e in a foreiga mison. Mirza Hashim thought that he could not get rid of his difficulties in a better way 1'han by taking refuge in the British Miission. The otly point on which I have any doubt is, whether Mr. Murry was at that time in Persia. or whether the mi-sion was in the hands of 'theCharFO d'Aitires, Mr. Thompaion. Bat, if r. Murr.iywas not in Teheran when Mirza Hashim took refuge in the Brltih mission, he found him there when he arrived. It was of course not convenientj that Mira should reside for' ever in the British Mission, but the dificulty was how' to get rid of him. He could not be turned into. the-street, because that would have exposed him to the risk of being seized by the Persian Government, and would not have been creditable to our mission. At length Mr. 3furray hit uponthe plan of maldnghirs British agent at Shiraz. When the Persian Government heard this they said, "It is all very well as long as Mirza Hashim is our servant, that you should give him refe; we Will respect the mission house and not touch him; but the moment he leaves that asylum we shall take him prisoner and not allow him to go to Shiraz." Unfortunately, Hashim. had married a near relative of the Shah, a princes; of the Royal blood. The lady did not enjoy a very good reputation in Teheran. Whether there were any grounds l?or the irninuations a,ganst her character I do not know; but she was seized by her brother, a prince of the o.yal blood, who said, "Whether Ma Hashim goes to Shiraz or not, this lady shall not accompany him; I shall de'ain her here." According to thle lawv of the country, he had a perfect right to secure her person and shnt hermnp in bi-, IArem. BSt the seizure of the lady and the threat against rza Hhim led I to a bitter correspondence between the British 3EH. I sion and the Persian Government. I believe that notonly the Persian Prime Minister, but the Shah him-celf, indulged in unjustifiable language. The Shah, I understand, wrote a letter to Mfr. Murray, reflecting on his personal character. a:r. Murray then sent in an sdtimtuc. He demanded among other things these three concessions that the lady should be given up to the Briisht Mission, that Mirza Hashiim should be recognized as the British agent at Shira , and that botb the Shah and his Prime ier should make an apology to the British Mission. The Persian Government refused to accept the uldtivitlum. Mr. Murray extended the time in hopes that hir demands would be granted; but, the Persian Government still declining to, satisfy him, he lowered his flag- and left Teheran. Sncb, I think, is a fair statement ofthe case. INTow, I have no doubtthe House 'will agrce with me that, if the facis are as I have stted then., we have neither right nor justice on our side. Those gentlemen in this country whose authority' upon Persiau affairs is of the greatest 'weightare of mv opinion. Consider the demands of 3rh. Murray. By the first he asked thattho wife of Mirz3 Hashim should be delivered up to the British Mission. Now. if there is one subject upon which Easterns are more touchy than another it is with regard to their women. It. will be in the recollection of hon. gentlemen that some. years ago the Rusan ambassador in Persia and many of his. Attaches were murdered. I believe that one great cause of the crime as a statement that some Persian womenhad beesa inveigledcintothe RussianMission. AndI have beentold by anofficer in -whoseveracityIhavethegreatestconfidence,that one of the causes of that lamentable event in Affghlanistam which led to the destruction of a British army was a suspicion on the part of the inhabitants that we ad been interfering with their women. It was therefore the duty of our representative to avoid any discussion with the Persian Government relative to women. But I maintain that the Shah had an undoubted right to seize his rela.tive and shut her up in his hareem. The second demand Was; that Mirza Hashim should be recognized as our' agent at Shiraz. Now, next to their women, Easterns ae most sensitive upon that system of protection whicl has% been adopted by foreign nations in the East. It has grown into a perfect nuisance. In Turkey, nntil a few years ago, every ruffian who had committed a crime, every man whohad quarrelled with the Government orwith his master, took refuge in the English, French, Russian, or evesa Greek fission. For a few piasters he obtained . passport from the consul, br some other functionary, and became a protected subject. I am happy to to say that, as far as Turkey is concerned, tlae system hae been done away with, or, at all events, very muceh reducedL -a result which is in a great measure due to the noble lord at the head of the Government. But in Persia the systenstill flourishes. As far as I can understand, Mirza Hashim had no right to British protection; but Mr. Murray was not content with giving hin refuge in our mission-he would send him as our agent to Shiraz. By the second article of a treaty concluded between England and Persia. in 1841, it was expressly provided that -we should have no commercial agent in any part of Persia exceptTeheran and Bushire (as we understood). That article was, no doubt, inserted by the Persian Government, in order tok avoid the nui-ance of having consuls in all parts of the. country, interfering with their internal affairs and protecting their subjects. But in the teeth of the article Mr. Murray insisted upon sending 3Eiiza Haahhn as our agent to Shiraz. It may he said he was not a commercial agent. Well, he was to be a diplomatic agent. Nowy, I ask the House whether it was not the duty of Mlr. Mlurray to. select a more fit man to carry on our diplomatic relations with a governor w ho, in all probability, 'wias a member Of the Iloyal family, than one who had been the cause of as quarrel betwveen ourselves and Persia, and through w hom weK had defied the Persian Government?s But I contend that we are not entitled to have a diplomatic agent at Shiraz, and' that the Persian Government had a righit to complain of the appointment made by the BritishMsson. IBy his thrd dem and Mr. Murray askiedan apology from the Shah audhie I Prime Minister. NTow, I do not 'y that hewas notentitled to demand an ample apology from the MiEnister. I believe that unjustifiable exp^ressions weere used 'with regard to Mr. MEurray. But you cannot ask an apology from an'King; it is lowvering his dignity; and, in fact, you must assume the technical understanding that the Miinister is responsible for' the arts of the Kling, and be content with his explanation and apology. Moreover, if wve fairly consider the question, we shall see thattheEing was not so much to blame after alL I do. not say-far from it-that his insinuations against er Murray were justifiable; but w hen he heard that his reL3tive 'was demanded by the British ;Mision, at the very' moment that her husband w as being sent away to Shiras it was ntural, and in accordance 'with what we knowT of' Eastern reelng that he should arrive at conClusions prejudicial to the character of M1r. murray, and that he should express those conclusions in offensive insinuations. Bet the most important part of the affair is this, that in order tf> support the ultimatum of our representative we have already entered upon the first steps of a war against Persia. If that be true-and I fear it is so-then I hope the House and the country wi protest against such a perversion of justice. I have heard men in authority say that, although, the demandsof Mr. Murraywere hardly justHifible, yet we are dealinm with an Eastern nation, and having conmenced the quarrel we must carry it out. Now, as an Bngl7slnan-as a member of this H1ouse-as one who has had some experience in Eastern affairs-I solemnly protest against that doctrinb. 'I believe itto be false; Ibelieveittobe one which has led us into innumerable difficulties in the East ; I believe it to be one which' has ruined our national character amnong Eastern nations, and led to the infliction of acts of intole- rable injustice in India. I have had as much experience w; most men in these matters, and that experience has been ao. quired notbyholding offcialpositions,butbytravelling alone, vithout friend or servant, in Eastern countries. I clai: no' merit for that, because anybody in my -osition niight have done the same; but I beheve I have doie so by always doing I that which I thought just and right, and by acting thus at all risks. The moment an Eastern finds you. t be a Dion of honour he respects your character, but the moment; he proves you to be unjust he loses all confidence in you. I believe that the great influence which ix attached to the British name in the East is entirely owing to the character which we acquired someiyears ago for honesty and uprightness. Iet us take care how we tre with that characte. Butthere is another question to which I wish to call the attention of the House. If we enter into. a war with Persia, upon whom will the weight fall? Why, upon those miserabl men, our fellow-subjects in lia, who are -already bowed down to the dust by taxation. But is this a moment to make an enemy of Persia ? 8Up. pose thati by aendin a Sleet t4 Buhire you compel Persia to yieldma qrrelwh ch is without justice or righti on our side d o you think th-at the Persians wll ever foriive you for it so? Youwildl lay the foundation for a feeling of t wenmit
PABLIAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COfnfoNsq. TFTV-TA v. NTA tqr^ S xoTIIcs or MoMIo nil. U;oWen,-To ask theFresident of the Boardof Control whether it is hi intentiontolay upon the tableany papers relating to the annexationof the ancient Mfahomedan kingdom of Oude to our East Indanuterritory; orvwhetherheisprepared to offer any explanation on the subject to the House ? Mr. Fagan,-Selectcoramittee to inquire into the statements and allerations contained in a petition presented on Thursday, the Ilth of February. signed by certain contractors for the supply of salted proXisions for H er Maje3syli service, complaining of the demands made on them by the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, and praying for inquiry into the whole case, and report tothe House. Sir D)e Lacy Evans,-Select committee to consider, examine evidence, and toreport tothe House, onthe expediency ofabolshing the system of sale andpurchase of commissions m the army, and on the meanathatmaybe adoptedforthe accomplishment of that object. Br. Palk,-That the report of the Commission of Inquiry into the SuppliesTof the British Army in the Crimea be referred to a select commnittee to examine whether the allegations against the character of many offcers are borne out by the evidence therein. Ar. Robert Phillimore,-Bill to declare the effect and operation of an act of the 6th and 7th years of the reign of King William IV. for regulating parochial aessements, and to malie provision for the juster and. more uniform rating of tithe commutation rentcharges to the relief of the poor. Mr. L Butt,-Bill to regulate the employment of women and young 'persons in bleaching. &c. worir. Mr. Macartney,-eiect committee to inquire into the circumstances attending the payment of theverylarge amount of duties paid upon teas, ontho2ethof April, 1855, bycertainpartiestradingin the ports of London andliverpool, and thereby evading the increased duties proposed by the Chancellor of the lExchequer in the budget the same evening, in order to ascertain whether such parties were enahled to do so in consequence of preious information, communicated by some parsons connected with the Itevenue Department of the Treasury, and thus obtaining an undue advantage over others engaged in the same trade, 3nd depriving the revenue of the increased duty. Sir Ersidne Perry,-Retura enumerating theseveralterritories.which haye been annexed, or have been proposed to be annexed, to the British dominions by the Governor-General of India since the close of the Pun;ab war, stating the grounds of annexation or proposed annexation, with the cases in which the assent of the Court of Directors has been withheld, and stating the area, population, grossand netrevenues of such territories so far as the same have been estimated or ascertained, And, lke return, giving an abstract of the revenues and charges of India, including the charges disbursed in England for the yearscomprisedinthe first return, and showing the sa yus or deficit in each year, so far as the same has been estimated or ascertained, Wr. Grogan,-Returm showing the number of pauuper relieTod in the 51 Unions referred. to in Parliamentary paper, No. 22, of seilon 1855. the expenditure incurred for the maintenance, fc., of such paupers, the salaries and rations of the officers (except medical officers), and all other establishment charges of such unions. for the years ending the 29th of September 1554 and 1855 respectively. And similar retuamfor all unions in which the number ofpaoupers relieved ir the years ending the 29th of September, 185 and 18I respectiTely, shall not have amounted to 1,000. bfr. Bowyer,-To call the attention of the Houso to the administration of justice on appeal in the last resort in Great Britaia and Ireland. Mr. Wilson,-Bll to amend the Whichwood Disafforeoting Act, Mfr. Drummond, -Copy of Governor Sir Henry BarkWy report on the case of hlr. L.H. Evelyn, submitted to him by the Treasury in September, 18S Colonel Greville,-On motion for second reading of Dwelling for Labouring Clases (Ireland) Bill, to move that it be read a second time this day six months. Mr. Whiteside,-To asI the First lord of the Treasury on what day the aparreiating to the fall of Kars w'r be laid on the table of the house?r Lord Godericb.-Return respecting stipendiarymagistrates. Mr. ChiId.-Bill to regulate the sle of advowrons. Mr. Bowyer.-To sk the First Lord of the Treasury a question relative to the Anglo-Italan Legion. Mr. Bouverie.-Retum of the number of paupers receiving relief in England and Wales, and of money expended in their maintenance. ORD1Sn OP THE DAY. Dwellings forLabouring Classes (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading, Mlarried 'Women's Reversionary Interest Bill,-Second reading. Ways and hteens,-Report. Metropols Local ranamaement Bil,-Second reading. hlarine Mutiny BilU-Tbird reading.
LIFB PEERA CES. The following protest has been handed to us for publication DmsssNTm-,- L Because the order of reference not having directed any inquirywhether a writ of summons would entitle Lord Wensleydale to sit and vote in this House, the report of the Committee for PriVileges purports to decide a question not submitted to them. 2. Because, according to the uniform opinions of the highest legal authorities for above two centuries and a hailf, the Crown has the prerogative of creating a Peer for life vithlall the privileges of the hereditary peerage, except that of transmitting hishonours to his descendants. 3. Because the creation of a Peerage for life with a limi. tation in the patent to collateral relatives has been common even in modern times, and no such patent would hay. been valid if the prerogative contended for did not exist. 4. Because any subject of the Crown who has received a writ of summons to this House is entitled to take hin seat according to the exigency of his writ, and there is no prin. ciple or precedent warrantingthe House in refusing to admit him. CRANWORTH, C. SUNDRDGE, GRANNIU, STANLEY OF AIXRL-EY, LANSDOWNR, HARROWBY, PANXURE-, GLEN7G, BREADALBATE, SYDNBY. Die Veneris, Feb. 22.
Mr. Thomas Basil Woodd's name was accidentally omitted from the list of members' names attending the Speaker's Levee on Saturday last.: Mr. Langston's name was inserted by mistako for that of lMfr. Henry Gore Langton in the list of members preeent at thle Speakers Leve on Sagturday last.
To the INDEPENDENT FREEMEN and ELE, CTORLS of the BOROUGH of BOSTON. Gentlemen. IT Have to thAnkc you most cordlially for the support JLwhich you have given me in my canvaes,--snpport so enthusuatic as to warrnt me in believing that, by your favour, I shall be retumned triumphantly at the head of the poll. It issy anxious desireto ay myrespects inperson to every rfrema6n and elector of the borough, but, if owing to the shortness of the period I sillaval msel intheint,~"~ d 4D 64urnsdy of meeting youin ublc ae',5 ssclrln myaenimets,and, once again thankcing I hve hebnou tobe, Gentlemen, - Your mucht obliged bumblo Servant. - lndou Tavern, March 1. 1sse. BEBR INGRAM. 'To the INDEPENDENT FREEMEN and ELEOTlt of BOSTOAN Gentlemen, hfAVING no vote for the Borough of ]Boston, having. 11. o pesona intrestin is prsperty,I have, nevertheless, the) Inters ofoan Enlihani the booghood Bosoven,ent,o hadIsa voutr, and,lo vontebfrlererinto constit cautina lifrty, asperona by theblgeood and wisdo, an benieroyi tof our anestorst, ar,foreover,t animcatedo byl theaspiritgo authedt aeinsuits inevitable epolioimentgofepoliticaxl andsocia it "hae no vtes for them borouhe of eoton, mrbutma ot,Iw Ivou ote for Herbert Ingram, becs,frmaus personalc knowlebg of thie and humnans enactmaents to spread the advantages of educ&tion, anud so to dslace the gaoler in favour of the schoolniaster. I would vote for Herbert Ingram, because he is an earnest advocate of the reform of a system that has given to a monopolizing aristocracy all the~ lewards that by sam and land are the common. rights of all men endowed writh genius and valour. I would vote for Herbert Ingram, because, whilst exercisinga& wise economy in the resources of the State (resources drawn from the pockets of th e meanest of us), he advocatezsafree end liberal expenditure whaer true liberality is the best thrift. I would vote for Herbert Ingramn, because his sympathies are witha tl'e true sympathies of our Saxon race-a hatred of foreign tyrnany. vith a determoination in the present crisis to conquer an enduring* peace, or. defeated in that wished-for end, to gird up ourselves anlew to theissues oDf a most riglteons war. I wouldTvote for Herbert Ingram,. because, as the projector andp. prictor of a journal whose humaniizing and refining influence isfelt at tens of thousands of firesides, he -has- always advocated-and that visely, because soberly-those political riht ht guantee to Englishmen tho fullest blessings or civilized life. Iam, Gentlemen, Your obedfient servant, DOUGLAS .IER'ROLD. London Tavern, Boston, March 3. 1856. To the MEEMBERS of the SENATE of the 'UNIVERSITY of CAMl- Gentlemaen, BIG. Y 'cmpeitos ad myself could render most ll IuAtice tothe.testimony of others by agreeing to write an ExerciEe, subject to the arbitration of Spohr, Klenigel, anid Schester. (now the maost celebratedcontrapuntists,) and the electors (the snajoiity of whom confess themselves scarcely competent musical judges) might safelyrely on their decision, The fortunate candidate will naturaly uphold the school in which he excels, and the arbitrators wouldhae mainly, to decide on the comparative merits of the disciples of 5, Bac and P. Mendelssohn, and which school most educes the varieties ad* beauttesof harmony. andwhichashould be triumphant. If such atest were propo3edhythe Vire.Chanceliorthisday(Marchx 4th) n thflente Huse,it wold rise he dgnitof the musical pr-- feaeorsip, andthe Sentewoul have te satisactionof knowvingM tha TothOeSHAR OL BofthcEASTERXCONISRAL Y Gentlemen, A Sttemet having boon industriousycruae Z7 this day by my opponents that a recent reprfomClWyo Cmeein,thte Iomr. Bruf the Enieery, isrc tain th mstenrgti measuresaformthetrepairsro theyln: n have toeie sinfethorm thes pblic thatnod danerneedber!appesrehended byhassenger traveling tove thoDdportieb ofI theRila tohc su PI, hch report refers. to- lay,Getleen yaour obeien servaint. ShereitchStatin, Mrdeh J.is AMEVID LR ADIrGon. Se 1AW GRANA COUNTE FRAIGNADEBT.e-Cohe 124 Com ittecond ptan the eection 3of dhMlders. W qddinten6Pace. an Gofd bhe toldr infNorm theranafriend thnat the TLonwilt Tanally CoSE WedSn AY(~esday.)h,5hAfrh at hafps4 o'clock n trs ha hir s porters,twhoimayros aealed voted9,1& wil b goodyenagh tordo and tusecr theeletio of the8bov candidates. DVI ComteeD WARoom.S1, ald Jeury,oMar he3,5to Mrh.nt on oaboveRBnd COUNTIES n ha r n RAL A .Lstc Day'sg-d (TuedayPodlF-ThexCommitee mosetwcodill than ther shaehldrsfo cuthe ng-eahaount of support 1rtheyshavercevd so, ,ince hoegpl asbe opehne. whenultamayro vots ruL eorddtas ivend agemjriyt th Mhr.Eholers canidtes-Helps,aner rr.and harlters.CMpatethews Stag Maagr,bL r Roer tox thepol Sehich clse fina Wllya to supeintndene o Byr wrder. haMteSrii.TeLastI Hen Seght ofth GreRtestAttatosee proRued G attisTeatr.-TheLs Committee of Spanishtbl Aomerican BondChorlders requhewstaETLGot UNgtheHldr ofth Newi GrantomianBends,a the Londyoportnitavern oinWedsnesay it.-he R5dh Ma rch,eat alfupas2o'lockr ChrleseMay.w (inneofhi LoAs S ofua hratr.T 1834EandG1837.-Th Dvfonrted above BolndCs wl bem Pramsonthtwor atsenytsuccedin dAy TuesUDay and-Fridyeceptedh,rbetweenbthe hus of 10ande2,athethe counting-hoDusge.ofBaing,ntaBrothsRoers, mX ieand C. . ih ieaestseo Adthin, wher cnlussday ast usalhe guobtined. sms atoir FHEY DDDE DIDDYALo, HarleuRYLAngNons-en s eeanth Stg agevAer,o Mr.An Rober Roby.h Scenery by Mr. WilliamBerly Two Herle.uThetboxofc Copenbdaily from 1antila 'lo ck, tw undier theo sup Rnendnc Bofler. Ednad Ton hatthews)tPrncipaLstl Ng Rofthe reahtest Attractopnsteverproucdat thdoismenoeatro.-T s OT IghtofTheeIimtabe Comedan, Mr.uhryflnes- Mahw Y-h Altnesstiongo Tim-T e Reucd Prieces-Case usat-Mr. Chale athew inROUNeDo his COLA MtPpuAr CaUctrB.T To EcEnIlud writhte nr formed comiR.rantochIme.comics drain asinstao acts entftled N:Oom' BADo atDGE. W rncipal charatcktes bf Mesrs Charsles Mathews R.)l Opxeya StYounge1-. Boi-nteet. daeRgr;MisM lead Js FIHEYAD TRE DIDDE;Ao, HalqiC igNnes n h Florna lacy Borentoeand Tom Mates.Picpldne,Ms boxe.Is. E-pbtheatre Roatalls,an.-AR Y B LVENI'G BTeNEFIT, TidIo-morrow (Wednesday,. Mlarcth'5.- GRoUNdy anf CESOOLPS AO CUCQUMER.T conclud with LIThE Tgrand comic M Patm ME.DorsVoen auSuaL,INat half-as 6: consmuenee at 7.anyapplictioyour tictsoftinanycimelof, apothisn Rofa t OperitaStrs, Panow-setreet. igonyo H BTEFY ProfwM essoresentDE witha tAeD bnBAt ASQUenr byl MostW Lend ilelFivepSblaTling;anh EpENInGgTuesday,f Marh4e Padtmimsion faUorta an ohrsgentlean, FridaS tfarrers-radfbalcn,S c boe.Is; pithar sHETalsEg.- Grallry At.tr.action.-For I Tavitockstret, ove tugrdenyi aponetedMrc soleforthmer Masters Of the Ceremonies, undere the direc tion hfMsr.F roeand g e ENoua G g Tuedayr and th-e fowingW eminesday aGodsmth's haTe volu applications o thes occsontiuac Tof perortion othe Pantomime,wit the o~eaofpeRA DAOnLyOf H BUTa EFvlYSMr BAiLwil beaes p-resented3, wt allteis borilino,t& cenvers b blr W.p LoudMe ive hilings antheOpeing dcensno theoPntomime. geeoulgvr thegteat-tre, t and the folwigeinentartisesan have vocluntere theirsrie on thi ocainPh erformances to m __-_ comeCEUwtMh oeao FHA RAE. IAoLethig goa iatoo Mr.e Mr. areharon;Mateum on. S.Joes;ay Merchna Mm.Sisees LdAcs, MandaeWis An ehrffcient Batudand CHoru aIReT enae. Tonducor-rowT GWermesanReed. TobM floedbe FiandMs (allveni(by Ngthekn phWnermisio Wof a. T.mtah, Ese,)t wilt and Tanoto onclude w toithnDAF eSeAPOS. Dessi irlean r ,.,npTerbxs ROY it, AD.Eglley.Is.; eriae oxes11, £22s and £2Beins ad.t be,a a td thrVae abo II-o Grc;essrsi.-Crme. BEalegantBdeC.s,u201, Regntstret andomrtheo pricipa lrarites Band musinellea'. oorsopen t 7.Perfrman estoycommnce atheoalf LYCEM TEATE.-ometinggoo atTHE! QTROANDPRTNESS'sRE.- TEn-TconsH Tuesor aday anFrdaon-THurSda anR aura,THVIS PARYNTIt LTo-mrro (tThrwednsdy. Th Merchan of Venice. Fridy -O (atJuvenilnexNgt, The 8 Ub Wonerflformandthe Panomie;yo and A am of Rompsr wis Pan]3.1tomimeveryisevenin.Tocnld TfHYALR SUROYA, TDELTHE.-To-erflowing Elnega, ntBuresqu ands ComichPantomimselof Jack an the Ba Salkd i (asuperfrme byl commandbeor T HErD Maet adTHE RoAl I Famiy.-Forddi Week ofsta.nand Mrs. dferenbecaraters.EVEcncING, wES AE:b r adMs ely ith the newequ farceR Y, HID calluedTA P LSEDOR BAGBY:Eb Mr.ANdTMs Keeey AdtEY` .L -Thse wodrousand iteresig ceturs being includedl in th raneets forth sumrcmaign of Mr. William Cooke's iruImeaL which opuns on Easter Mdonday next, can repeat thi odosfeats only H1 rdfght,t longer, their performances con- eluin evrvning withL the chef-d~ceuvre of the Great Ascent.- Cotiue sccssOf the new odsoectacleTHEPHOFEE DEBMT AND MSPAMIT IL STEED (by the wonderfally trainedl horse Reindeer). Last five nights of the only Equestrian Pantomime- in London, -~ET E ~Prpritor Mr Jon DuAlcs~THI EVNING (Tuesday), to comence ith MAKS AN- ,inwhich the whole streugthn toecopay il prfom.Tococldewith THE MINUTE GIUNAT SEA X WANTEDa PIAX)N& aTeo,adBs.Apyto Mr. H. Butler,drmtcaet2.Do-te,Lno. CROSSING the BRIDGE~-LANDSEER. In ln WIMORE, ll delstroyed. Afew very fine impressons Early - - eseatprice, five guineas, pubILshed atfour -he I Boy, 4l~ xfodateet Anextnsie ctalogue, at reducedpriceL& DHOTOGArHY.~. SIS' PORTRAIT .3 ROMS opn frm 1 o'lockuntl 5 at7, Conduit-street, Regent- - stret.Porrais f eeryair ad s~-l, fomthe smallest miniature to ifesir, o paer,fro lO, t 3 uinas;beautifully finished in watecolur,oil, o chlks atdoule he ric. Iorynilatures or phoegr~sh ofevey escipton opid, ndenlarzed to any slze7.-7 (IAUTION.-Spurious copies havingbe fru - Roeto,ofCntniope r ibuncuiu thee pmublcu, W~ALNUT BOOKCASE WANTED, well finished, Wyand in good condition, Ag)plyby letter,post paid, to X. XA., post-office, Aruwell-street, Clerkenweli, T0 AMATEURS an PROFESSORS.-To be DIS. JLlSDOF, a celebrated JOSEPHI GUARXERIUS, of the = quallity npereet condtion andmnituretono; asalso aGrand - Apply. ,si,svaPAP-o ,Cadnsur.N dalred S TAINED GLASSWINDOWSfor the MILLION. -Inted f saiin th gas westina thin transparet ma-,tei-alesilappisdy ay prso, Bthimethod, with equalpFer nianecy, e obain uperir fiish,richess,and brilliancy, at at tith of iecot. cclsiatIcl, othe, rmoial anl'rnchdesgnsfor THEAR ROYAL, DRURY-LANE. L-&" Mr k. --. Snith. THIS ZVENI,G ROT A BAD JUDGE, Characters by Mossr. 0. Mathen R. Roxby, A..Yonnso, Vincent, and Jamesos ger; Misa s£ Oliver and Miss Adam. To conclude-rith HEY DIDDLE DIDDL -THEATRE ROYAL, HAYMARKET. Under the Management of Mtr. Buckatone. THIS EVENIG, SHE STOOPS TO CONXUEB. Characters by Mr. Chippendalo, Mr. Compton, and Ris Iteynolds. After whicb, THEE LITTLE TREASURE. To be followed by LEND ME FIVE SH1ILLINGS. To concuide with the OpeningScenes of THE BUTTERFLY'S BALL. ROYAL PRlhCESS'S THEATRE. Under the M3anagement of M1r. Charles- Kean. THIS EVENING will be presented THE FIRST PRIMTER. Characters by Messrs. Ryder. Everett, F. Matthews, Fisher. Mellon, Catheart, and C. Kean; Misses Heath. Muray. Eglinton. and hra W. Daly. To conclude with HARLEQUIN AND THE lt&ID AN-D TEEE MLAGPEl; or, The Fairy Paradisa and Hanly Pauky the Enchanter. TBMATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL ProDrietor, Mr. B. Webster; Directrss. Madame Celeste. TFIS EVE wG iw be presented BETSY BAER. Characters by Mr. Keeley, Mr. Paxaslle, Miss Wyndham, and Mrs. Keele. Alter which, THAT BLESSED BA-BY. To conclude with JACK AND THE BEAN STALK. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE lAIcee lr Alred Wigan. THIS EVENING, STIh.1 WATERS RUN DEEP-Mbr. and Mrs. A. Wigan. To conclude with THE DISCREFT PRINCESS; or The Three Glam Distaffa3-essrs. F. Robson, Emery, Danvers- H. CllXton. White * -Mies Julia St. George, 3arsten, Teenan ana f3tcphenCommenooe at I e;ti 7. THMATRE ROYA1, 8ADLE9'S-ELIS. Under the Management oF bMr. Phelp. TEHS EVENNG will be presented OTHELO. Othelco, Mr. Phelp ; Iago, Mr. H. Manston * Cassio, Mr. F. Robinson; *mrbantio, Mr. Barrett; RPoderigo, Mr. Belford; Ludovioo. Mr. Lunt; Montano, Mf. T. C Harris, Deademona, Miss Eburne; Emilia, Mis Atlkion To concludoe ithfBROTHER BEN. ROYAL S1RREY THEATRE. Lesseee, Mese Shepherd and Creswidk. HI EVENG will be preaeuted JASPER LANGTON, or. A Duel to the Death. Jasper Langton, Mr. Creswick. After which. THE SAILOR OF FRANCE. To conclude with WAITER AT CREMORNM , , - ASTLEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lossee and Manager, Mr. W. Cooke. THS EVENG will be presented THE ARAB OF THIE DESERT AND HIS FAITHF STEED. After which, the Scenes in the Circle and the Ascent of the Elephant. To conclude with HARIEQUIN AND ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON. TO CORRESPOND]MS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., aiid t1-it Md. is the price of a copy with the impressed stamp affixed. Under the amended regulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is tranissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries viithout an impressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communicationz. Whatever is intended for insertion smnst be authenticated by the name and address of -the -riter; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of bis good faith. We cannot undertake to retmrn rejected commurications. aZl ThepublicationofTnTTnses commenoedat 5 o'clockyesterday snoming, and finihect at 20 minutes to 10.
LONDON, TUESDAY, MAICH 4, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, Lord BRouGHAm moved a series of resolutions on the subject of judicial statistics; lie described the deficiencies of the presrnt returns from the civil and criminal courts, and the want of plan or system in the manner in which they were made, comparing with it the superior practice of the French Government in this respect. 11he Loun CH"cErxoi promised to give the subject his best attention. There w rould be no difficulty in having the returns fromthe civilcourts made periodically, instead of being called for by motion in the Houses of Parliament. The resolutions were laid on the table. Lord MoNrxAoxL. postponed till Thursday his motion relative to the financial administration of the Commissariat Department. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons, The Report of the Committee of Supply was brought up and agreed to. On the order for going into a Committee of Supply, Sir DEL. EvAYs took the opportunity of explainma' certain passages in his speech of Friday, the e7ect of the explanationx being to qualify and mitigate expressions which bore more strongly than he intended upon individual officers in the Crimean army. Lord C. HATmTON -entered upon a simoilar explanation of passages in his speech upon the same occasion; but The SPEAER interposed, intimating that it was contrary to the general rule to revive a past debate. M1r. GoRDoN, after expressing his satisfaction at the explanation made by Sir DE Iacy EvN-s, was deviating into a violation of the rule adverted to by the Caiv, when Lord PALmERSToA said he thought the House would agree that the explanation of Sir DE LAcy EvaANs ought to be so satisfactory to the feelings of all who considered themselves affected by remarks made in the eagerness of debate that the matter, after that handsome explanation, should be allowed to drop. Mr. DisnsAm concurred in this suggestion, observing that the speech of Sir DF. L-ky EvAN;s had very much removed the painful impression he had made on Friday. Here the subject dropped, and Colonel HARCOURT called the attention of the CIAAELLOE of the ExBEcHE a to the modeinwhich the tax on under-gardeners was assessed and levied. The CHANcE=on of the Excn:sQui gave explanations upon the subject, and took occasion to correct a misrepresentation which he had unintentionally made of the opinions of Mr. Tooxn in the debate respecting the currency qaestion. M1r. LAYAnD invited the attention of the House to the state of our present relations with Persia. Not having access to official documents, he said, he would give a statement of thefacts as he had heard them from partisans of our own mission and from those of the Persian Government. It appeared that a certain MIazs HA&snm, who had something to do with the Persian Government, thinking himself unfairly used by it, took refuge in the British mission. It being inconvenient that he should reside there?, Mr. MunRAY, our Minister, sent him as British agent to Shiraz. Mirz& HAsnar had married a relation of the SAu, and his wife had been removed from the mission by the Persian Govern.ent, in spite of the reclamation of ITr. M. Mr1uaAy, who had sent in an Uirnwtum, with which the Persian Government refused to comply, and the recent advices from India announced that an expedition was to be despatched from Bombay to Bushire. In his (Mr. IAYYAm's) opinion, we had neither-right nor justice on our side. The Persians were very sensitive on the subject of their women, and the wife of this man was of Royal blood. By treaty with Persia it was stipulated that we should have agents onily at Tabriz and Teheran ; yet, inthe teeth of this treaty, we had sent this man to Shiraz. An apology had been demanded from th1e Sax as well as from his Minister; but it was not fitting to require an apology from a King. To support this udtimatum we had taken the first step to a war with Persia, and Mr. LAY-AaD urged the impolicy of such a war at this time; that it would increase the prejudice to our interests in Aia occasioned by the fall of Kars; that it would assist the efforts of Russia to embroil us with the. Central Asian States, and throw Persia into the arms of that Power. He entreated the House and the Government not to prosecute this miserable quarrel, especially since, to his knowledge, there was a way for both parties to get honourably out Of it. Lord P&tnsroN said he thought the course taken by Mr. LAYARD was not well calculated to promote the national interests. When questions of a difficult nature arose between this country and a foreign Power it would not facilitate their adjust. ment for a member of that House, imperfectly acqulaated 'with the facts, to get up and declare that this country was in the wrong, and the foreign Power in the right. This was calculated to render an arrangement infinitely more difficult than if a discreet silence were observed. MtRZ HA.SnX was in the civil service of the Persian Government, and being, as he considered, dismissed by that Governmeni, he, as customnary when persecution ras apprehended, took sanctuary in the iBriti6h nnson-a custom common in all the foreign missions, and which had been fully acksnowledged and acquiesced in by the Persian Governmnent. Mr. MIunnAY, on his arrival, found this person there, and, in consequence of the il-will of the Persian authorities towards theMiazA, thought it better to remove him from the nis3ion, 's n-set; hirn-E " ding1;-t -EhfrWz, where We -ad been in the habit of having an agent. The Persian Government and Mri. Muu&Y were in commnunication upon the subject, when the former seized the Mj .ZA's. wife, who, although a connexion, was no relation of tho Sn&A. The protection afforded by the mission was always understood to extend to everything belonging to the party protected, Iincluding hiEs family, and MIr. MURRAY , re- quired. that this lady xhould be restored to her husband. This demand gve rise to a correspondence, and very improper retters lwere written by the Persian Minister. The SnHA himself joined unnecessarily in the correspondence, and his communications showed that he had not studied a Persian Polite Leter- Writer. Mr. L&Y"D was mistaken, Lord PAL.ERsTON said, in supposing that Mr. MxURRY had required an apology from the SarA; all he had required was that the offensive letter should be withdrawn. T'h'is being refused, Mr. MVXRAY struck his flag, and retired from Teheran. We were not, Lord PimB sToN added, at war with Persia; but Mr. MILRAY had requested the Bombay Government to send twro smnall vessels imto the Persian Gulf to protect British interests at Bushire. No good, he thought, could arise from a premature discussion of this subject, and he hopec the House would not Persevere in it. RHe agreed with Mr. LAYXD that it was of great importance, in dealing with Asiatic States, to take care to be in the right; but, on the other hand, it was of no less importance not to allow them to put upon us indignity or insult. This discussion having ended, Mr. DiSRA= inquired whether it was true, as reported, that the preliminaries of peace had been signed at Paris. Lord PAlausro replied that, as the House was aware, certain articles had been proposed by Austria to Russia, with the previous consent of England and France, as conditions to serve as the foundation of a treaty of peace. These conditions were at first accepted by Russia, with a reservation, and afterwards unconditionally, or pure etsimle. These articles were subsequently recorded in a protocol at Vienna, signed by the Plenipotentiaries. When the Conferences comnenced at Paris itwas agreed at the -first meeting that the previous protocol should be inserted in the proceedings of that day, and it had been determined that that protocol and the articles which had been accepted should- have the force and value of a preliminary treaty of peace. That was the precise state of the matter. No treaty of the ordinary form of a prelininary treaty had been signed. The House then resolved itself into a Committee of Supply on the Army Estimates, when several votes were agreed to, after much discussion, and the Chairman was ordered to report progress. The Rouse being resolved into a Committee of Ways and Means, on the motion of lMr. WVmsox, a resolution was agreed to, grating 26,000,00.0 out of the Consolidated Fund towards making ,good the supply voted to Hxnt 3rEsTr. A short discussion arose upon the order for the second reading of the Tri of Offences Bill, sent from the Lords, which was ultimately agreed to. The Annuities Bill and the ELxchequer Bills Funding Bill were read atlhird time and passed. The Mutiny Bills passed through committee The other business having been disposed of, the Rouse adjourned at half-past 12 o'clock.
There is not many a man on the face of this earth so greatly indebted to another as the Emperor of the FRENCH is to the late Emperor of RIssEA. When that proud spirit was quenched it left to the present Emperor of RussTA a cause palpably unjust and inevitably unsuccessful; but to the Emperor of FPANcn the much-desired means of re-establishing, after alapse of forty years, the dynasty of the NAroixo1Ns and the nation of the French. It is hardly possible to imagine an event so subservient to this purpose as that Russia should violate the independence of a neighbour against the public opinion- and the protest of Europe. On assuming the sovereign power, the Emperor Louis NoLEoz had declared that the policy of the empire was peace; and that pledge was received with suspicion, not merelybecause Europe had but scant and doubtful experience of the man who made it, but still more because it seemed impossible that France could attach itself permanently to any one, much less to a NkroL-RoN, without the glory of arms.- It was equaly impossible to suppose that France, with the bitter experience of the last war, would do anything to provoke another European coalition. How, then, was NXrorEowIIl. to satisfy the conflicting conditions on wshich his throne and the whole problem of his life seemed to be based? I How was he at once to be the maintainer of peace, the asserter of right, and the triumphant EmrPRor ? The most farseeing politicians mighlt have puzzled themselves in vain to reconcile these apparent incongruities. The late Emperor NIcFoLAs, blinded by ambition, rushed in to supply that which seemed impossible in itself. He gave the Emperor NAoLEoN a cause in which it was possible to be peaceful, just, and triumphant, and to regain the ascendancy of the first NAPoLEooN over France without disturbing a boundary, unsettling a neighbour, or doing anything to spread distrust and dismayramong nations. That so golden an opportunity should be really available, and that the ise of it should be entirely sucoessful, it was necessary that it should not be sought-that it should be forced upon Fance and the TEhraor. of her choice-that, like some knight of old in probation for the ha-nd of a mistress, he should have his task thrust upon him to accomplish it as well as he might-that at one time he should seem scarcely equal to the enter-prise, as among unknown foes, with arms not proven, and under malignant stars. That was just the position of the Emperor of Fiu3cE last year at this time, as he describes it in his address to the Corps Legoislatif. He and we had then been dragged reluctantly into a strtuggle that seemed every day more dreadful, more costly, and more uncertain. The disentanglement of these difficulties, the reaction from that seeming intemperance of destiny,is what we now see in the condition of both these countries. Within and without all is healthy, promising, and cheerful. As the Emperor of FRAHcE vell describes it, we have risen with glory from a struggle of unexaampled severity; the opinion of Europe has taken oourage to hail our opening fortunes; our alliance has extended; France has been able to appeal three times, with overflowing success, to the patriotism and resources of her people; and, after having endured with resignation a long period of dearth, the allied nations are now seeing a return of abundance and enterprise. As the associations that Russia derived from the late war were those of order, justice, and peace, whereas France represented little more than an egotism, first of opinions and then of interests, it seems at first sight contraxy to retributive justice that they should now fare so little in accordance with their historical recollections. Why is not Russia still reverenced and still prosperous as the great champion of order; and how comes it that France, once the cause of so much misery to other countries, and the traditionary aggressor, does not still suffer the Nemesis of her guilty enterprisesr The answer is that which has often presented itself to the thoughtful observer. None so ready ta yield to the temptations of selfishness as they who fatter themselves they are the champions of right and truth. The greatest crimes are those that have been committed in the name of religion, legitimacy, order, and such high-sounding names. Ruman vanity soon inflates itself at the grandeur of such a task, and mistakes for sacred oracles the halucinations of pure selfishness. It was indeea a humiliating spectacle to see Russia appealing to HE&vlF, to her saints, to her recollection, to her relics, and even to the visions of her own Sovereigns, and endeavouring to kindle a religious warfare in defence of I an- act of b4ijga-age!' and an undisguised plan of dominion. The stumblingblock of Russia was the credit she- ac4 quired inthelatewar. At the end of forty y6ar Xthe two empires had changed parts; self-corm placent Russia had swollen into the fanatical l aggressor, and France had learnt the lesson of ad. versity. Eence the transposition of characters we now see in the Conference of Paris. The EMPERon describes the allies as equ4lly prepared to draw the sword anew, or to extend the hand of friendship to those whom they have honourably fought. re invites them to draw closer the alliances formed by a community in glory and sacrifices, and of which peace will iaake the reciprocal advantages still more palpable. Such a tone argues a thorough determination to assent- to no terms that shall compromise the interests vindicated by the war or the honour of the allies. It also implies a high degree of confidence in the progress of the Conferences. So far, not. withstanding the thousand and one rumours sure to spread themselves when tnere exists so great a focus of invention, there is little doubt that the cause of order and justice speeds well at Paris. Of course, we are not to expect that peace will be re-established in a day. The deliberations of such a Council require all the circumspection, all the sagacity, all the prescience of the experienced diplomatists taking part in it, and the proceedings must be reported step -by step to- the several Courts. It is hardly to be expected that any substantial results can be known till the end. The Britisn public would therefore do well to forego their too usual appetite for news of a startling character, for the present at least, and not to suppose that any announcement they may see suddenly posted over the metropolis in huge letters is necessarily news, or worth anything at alL The formnal signature of-the preliminaries of peace which roused a certain class of metropolitan intelligence from its propriety, and sent up the funds yesterday, was explained by Lord PAIAYRSTONf last night to be merely the ratification, some day last week, of what had been done at Vienna. -It was neither new;i nor was it even literally the signature of the preliminaries of peace. Nothing has happened but what everybody was aware of last week-viz., that the Conference at Paris had adopted the proceedings of that at Vienna.- The -chief danger of such pretended discoveries and dressing up of old fact3 is, that when people find it nothing, they may run to the other extreme, and think that nothing has been done. That is equally untrue. The Conforence is proceeding steadily with its work, only we must not ask to see that work in its unfinished I state. Curiosity must give way to the peace of the world.
The admninistration of Lord DAnHousrIE wil furnish a memorable and glorious epoch in the eventful history of British India. It has iiad its wars and its triumphs, but its greatest victory has been the strengthening and consolidation of the empire. Under his hands. the wild districts of the Punjab have been reduced to a state of thanquillity and good order, equal to that of the most ancient and settled provinces. A fierce and indomitable enemy has become a mild and tractable subject, and the undisputed rule of law and justice has replaced the wild rule of the sword and the extortion of military violence. The foundation has been laid of a tolerably complete system of native education which bids fair to open to the Government a means of recruiting its service such as has never yet been afforded to it. Pablic works have not only been commenced on a great scale, but submitted to an organized system, and railways and telegraphs begin to make the land their own. The last act of this brilliant career is well worthy of its predecessors, and will, we doubt not, tend, equally with -them, to the consolidation of our power and the advancement of the happiness of British India. There is nothing in itself very difficult in this crowning exploit, for overpowering force was on our side, and nothing in the nature of serious opposition was to be apprehended. Nevertheless, the annexation of Oude was an act of high moral courage and a great and meritorious public service. That Oude should no longer exist as - a separate kingdom had, we believe, beconie a State necessity of the highest order. Her Sovereig,ns the puppets of our own creation, ho(l trod with more than ordinary steadiness in the downward path of Oriental degeneracy. Nothing can ba imagined more revolting thani the aunnls of their court and camp, handed down to us in the graphic pages of Colonel SLzr-sN. We must ransack the annals of the Lower Empire, and aU other descriptions of men drunk with power, with lust, and -with cruelty, before we can find a parallel for the scenes that daily passed in the capital of thi3 Oriental Pandemonium. Nor was the country more exempt than the town from the miseries of this all-pervading tyranny. If CAiiGuxlk revelled in the capital, VEYnzs plundered the provinees, and not only plundered them himself butt left room for a hnldred other petty tyrants to do the same. The miserable cultivators were driven to despair by the exactions of a succession of plunderers, each of whom robbed, tortured, or murdered, according ashis appetite for spoil was gratified, atinted., or disappointed. A s if the landwas not sufficiently tormented by the scourge of civil misrule, there wa; added t oit the pest of a bloodthirsty fanaticism. When the sword was not whetted to shedl the blood of the innocent ryot it was drawn in the ignoble strife between findoo and Mahomedan, and a temple dedicated to a monkey on the shrine of some Mlahomedan saint was bedewed with the blood of the faithful of both religions, spurred on bythe zeal of a Government conscientious in nothing but -the persecution of its own subjects. The situation of this State, too, in the neightourhood of Calcutta, and not far removed from -he powerful kingdom of Nepaual, suggested abundant reasons for misgiving at the proximity of EO inflammable a magazine of discontent and- rebellion. Neither could it be a matter of indifference to the Government of India, pinched as it finds itself for the means necessary to maintain the establishmnents required for the good goverment of the conntry,'to pay its armies and to promote public works, tliat to k-eep up all this. misery andd wic6edness a revenue was squandered w]hich, besides providing for the government of a province in peace a'nd security, will yield a surplus to the general revenue estimated by competent judges at not less thab 2,500,000., or nearly an eighth part of thle net revenue of India. The amount of good that may be effected by diverting this sum from the hands- of plunderers and debauchees into the public exohequer is nearly equal to the advantage that will:be immediately secured to tbe oppressed inlhabitants of this fertile but most miserable country. These are weighty reaons. To enumerate them seems to make out an overpowering case in favour of annexation, and yet we think Lord DAnHousrx deserves the highest credit for having given them their due force and terminated his administration by annexing Oude to the Anglo-Indian empire. There are many persons in England who, actuated by the best motives and the most honest synmpathies -often stimulated, no doubt, by a feeling of ]ostility to the East India Company-havo
If the will of an Eastern potentate. b'e indeed supreme, and, like the Centurion of old, he has o2Iy to say, " Do this," and it is done, then may we consider that the greatest revolution of any age has been accomplished beneath our eyes. A Ehman of the SuLw, establishing absolute equality 'between all his subjects, has been read before the -sem bled dignitaries of his empire. That empire -is the dorinion of CONSTANTINE and of the Caliphs in one. From the frontier of Austria -to the shores of the Persian 'Gulf, in Bel- grade and Adrianople, in Constantinople, Jeruaalem, Alenandria, and Tunis, in the hy .cities of Arabia, at the birthplace and at the grave of the PRo2irr, the Inperial edict, translated into many tongues, will be read and pondered. Those who listened to its ordinances a fortnight since at the Porte were the :representatives of the East in its widest sense. The Grand Vizier of the Ottoman Sultans and the Sheik-ul-Islam, clad in the green robes of i his office, impersonated- that conquering and * ruling faith which even to the days of our own W; Lm IM. threatened Europe and Christianity. -he Patriarch of Constantinople, stdil to eighty 'millions of men the successor of CunysosTosr:and :tIhe head of the earthly ChLuch, stood surrounded ly bishops whose sees were famous cities when France was a Roman province and England a wilderness of scattered Celtic tribes. The inet4physical disputes of a forgotten theology were represented by the Patriarch of the Armenian Church, the chief of a nation isolated in feature and language from any that now lives on earth. zMast of all- there was the Chief llabbi of the -J`ewA, who-came to receive for his oppressed race the promise of equality, in their own holy land,, Z.rom the lips of a Mussulman SuLTAw. Whatever 'be ltS results, 'the event- which- has just taken place must always remain one of the' most interesting in the history of mankind. Historians have discussed the causes of the French revolution, and have attempted to find its origin far back in the annals of the country. They could not conceive that a single age -could produce by itself so marvellous a change. But what demolition and reconstruction of society wfll have been so complete as this great Eastern revolution, which, beginning some twenty years since, has lately hurried onward so rapidly, and seems still destined to pursue its portentous course ? To practical minds the domestic events of our own community may have a greater importance; but we think there must be few who can look on what is passing in these ancient lands, the cradle of the human race, the home 4ven now of venerable nations, without a strange - interest. That religious freedom should have been proclaimed for the first time to the followers of Churches persecuted both by Emperors and ' &Iltans, that material progress sho-uld be in store - for regions almost forgotten by the busy enterprise 'of the West, are facts which must cll for the attention of all, even amid the most earnest dis-. cussion of their own affairs. It is like a vision of dry bones called to life, or the disinterment of a pity hidden for ages. - The Firman is long, but every sen:ence is a revolution. The document seems not so much a law as a series of declarations on which laws will be foiunded. Each paragraph relates to a different subject, and must be amplified and explained before it can be obeyed. The SuLTAw first confirms all the assurances of the Hatti-Sheriff of Gltaan6, which gives security of life and property to the Rayahs, and was the commencement of that mid administration of j5stice which many think| has been carried almost too far. The privileges I annd immun-ities of the various Churches wil be referred to Councils of the several priesthoods, meeting at the respective Patriarchs'; the recommendations of the Councils will be referred to the PORTE. Next follows a change of wonderful importance :-' When the mode of election of the "Patriarlch has been improved the Patriarch . stani be named by diploma for life." To under- stand the full meaning of this great concession it mnst be remembered that the Patriarch is the chief and representativo of his whole nation'; that they can -approach the SuLTAx but by hiim; and that on his address and courage their fate has in past times often depended. MonA3imED the CO,QBuEno fixed the position of the Greek Patriarch, and invested his person with a kind of immunity, so that he could without fear brave, at least in later times, the displeasure of a Minister or favourite. But as the power of deposition remained with the PoBTz he was by no means a free agent. If fotmd inconveniently zealous, he could be removed and his place filled by a more compliant successor. If he be now nominated for life, each Church will have a spokesman and governor who, unless he commit some legal offence, wil be irremovable cven by thc SovERmIaG. The fact that there were lately three deposed Greek Patriarchs shows how important is the change which is now proclaimed. -"All' contributions Iev'ied -by the clergy are 'forbidden." This is an ordinance which will be receivred with satisfaction by the Rayahs, for if there be Xi man snore greeday ftha masha it 'i' Bishop. The prelates will bepaid fixed salaAea, after a plan which has been. found to answer well in' a. more civilized land. The Rayahs have long complained of the obstacles thrown in the way. of erecting churches and schools; this complaint, was not without good cause, and the prohibition was-the more offensive as the Catholics, with their-French and Austrian protection, took advantage'of it for' the purposes of proselytism. Now an fisolted commum.ty may celebrate its wor-hip publiply; where two or three races live together, -as in the. great towns, each must: confine its ceremonies to its own quarter. All epithets anrd expressions which imply inferiority on the part of Christians are to be banished from all public documents; it is forbidden that officials or private individuals should make use of insulting terms, and the offenders kilt be pished. The " Adminis" trative Reformers" of our own country would be satisfied with the new system by which appointments to the puxblic -service are to be conducted. All persons, of wThatev'er race or religion, who may present themselves and pass certain prescribed examinations, shall be admitted -" according to their " capacities" into the public service, both military and civil. Each community is free to erect schools for the arts and sciences, subject only to the inspection of a- mixed commission nameda by the PonrTE. Next come the edicts relating to courts of justice. - Causes between persons. of different, religion 'shall be tried before mixed Courts, each witness swearing according to his creed. Thus the admission of. Christian testimony is recognized, although the language is chosen so as to hurt as little-as possible Mussulman prejudices. We must be brief with the remainder of this - extraordinary document. The Haratch is abolished; equality of taxation is established for men of all- religions. On the other hand, the conscription is to extend to every subject of the Ottoman einpire. The municipal councils in the provinces will be reformed, "so as to insure the free expression of "opinion; and energetic measures will be taken "that the SuBLIsI PoRTE may l;iow the: result of "these opinions, and on which side the right is." We next come to ordinances which will- be received with the deepest interest by every ono in these kingdoms who has thought on the best means of regenerating the East. Not only may native Christians possess land-a right which has- always existed, but has been practically limited by prejudice and legal technicalities-but when an arranagement has been made with foreign Powers, "to the effect that foreigners should submit to " the laws of the country, and pay imposts at "the same rate as the natives, the right to "possess landed property will be conceded to "foreigners." Furthermore, taxes of all sorts shall be collected by the State, and the practice of farming the revenues entirely abolished. Local taxes wi be levied for the maldng of roads and other improvements. iBudgets will be yearly published, detailing the, financial state of the empire. The PonTrz will do its best to establish a system of credit, and will procure the capital necessary for a national Bank. The impression that many will receive on reading the above is that the whole is Utopian-that these are promises that cannot be, that are never meant to be, performed. We cannot join in thesa gloomy anticipations. Undoulktedly, it would be vain to expect that a year or two will see the whole of these ' changes - completed, oir that even despotic power can at once raise hostile and ignorant races to appreciate the benefits of concord, of common exertions, and & free career for all. The futiiie foreshadowed in the Firman is almost one of democratic equality as it prevails in France and the United States. Reli,,ion will be freeer even than in Germany or Italy. It cannot be hoped that men whose deepest principles are those of race and creed, whose idea of liberty is to do what they like. and prevent others from doing it, should at once be able to work'such institutions. But, after all, it is well to have established a high standard. The Fixman wil always remain as a touchstone of future usages, and it will be the duty of all to make the nearest possible approximation to the ideal which has been formed. In the admission of foreigners to settle and trade we find one of the best assurances for the progress of other reforms. Material enterprise and the increase ofi communication with the West will necessitate the continuance of what has been so well begun. __
It is our duty to call the immediate attention of the public to a letter which has been addressed by Colonel WmYN, in his official capacity, to the Board of Trade, with regard to the condition of the Yarmouth and Lowestoft branches of the Eastern Counties Railway. Such is the anomalous state of the law, that the Board of Trade can but direct the inspection of a suspected line. They can next communicate their inspecting officer's report to the company, and then their functions are exhausted. All that remains after this in their power is to give notice of danger to the public-by forwarding the report of their officer to the press for general circulation. -If they did-this at once, it mght be expected that by the daily diminution of their traffic consequent -apon the exposie the companies might be induced to put their lines in a state of thorough repair. The report' of Colonel WYNNs, of which we are now speaking, was forwarded by the Board of Trade to the Mayor of NotwicH; byhimneommunicatedto a local journal; and thus, in a-roundabout manner, has found its way into the columns of the London press. Valuable time has thus been lost, as Colonel Wyyxa's report bears date February 21; but, as no untoward event has occund, we mention the point simply as a warning for the future. When any particular line is in so -very insecure a condition as this section of the Eastern Counties it is the fist duty of the Board of Trade to put the public cn their guard, and this can only be done by giving the widest publicity to their report. In thi& way some advantage may result from their inspection, even although the law- gives them no power to insist upon repairs. We are now speaking of the Yarmouth and Lowestoft branches of the Eastern Counties Railway, for it is upon the condition of these that Colonel WYNwE reports, The LJowestoft branch falls into the Yarmouth branch near a viaduct called the Reedham Viaduct. Colonel WYNN began his inspection at the Lowestoft terminus. Between Lowestoft and the first station at Somerleyton the line lies low, and in this section Colonel WYNx found a number of sleepers in a state of complete rottenness, so much so as tb render this portion of the lineinsecure. Thera are many 12-feet openings on the line at this point, which are spanned by beams of the usual size. The Colonel proceeds thus with his re- port :-" These timber beams are in most instancesI "deeply decayed, especially where their endslrest| "in the ballast; a great number of these have "been strutted in the ordinary way, and, the "bearing being thus reduced one-third, the preC sumption in my mind is that the bridges so " treated have been temporarily rendered safe, " in so far as one may hazard an opinion "on- an unsound piece of timber in which "-the extent -of the decay cannot have "been fully '-itvetigate'" ColoneR WY,-,sz adds - that -he-- arrives at his conclusion much in the Fame way as a sharp observer might hazard a guess that a piece of rotten ice which he had just seen bear a greater weight might austajig aeae' yi6< L bIPwt w thz , . secur by enJ6Ye&by the Custom- erS of the Eastemn Counities Railway, The peril is, however, far greater at the Somerleyton viadict. This is of great length, and pnsses over the line of navigation between Norwich and Lowestoft, witlia swing-bridge in the middle. In this viaduct '" the' " piles, braces, capsills, Iongitudinal timbers, "struts, and groundsills, on. which the latter "abut,' were in a dangerous state of decay." Workpeople. were busy at this point making repairs, but the result of . their labours i3 'dismiseed by the inspecting .Colonel with the' same criticism which he . had bestowed upon the improvements in the, smaller openings. 'Tis all guesswork-all rotten ice, tinkered up into more or less of very comparative security for a time. It would be needless for'us to follov Colonel Wynm}s throughout his comments upon the successive sections of line which it was his duty to inspect. Twelve-feet openings - at one point were like 12-feet openings -at another; viaduct resembled viaduct; in some places there were fewer sleepers in a state of rottenness-in others more; but' the geheral .result may be imaginea by taking. the points above described as fair samples of the line. One point of the line, however, appears to have been distinguished by peculiar insecurity; it there consists of a viaduct which passes over what is called Sir WiLLwur ' BEAUCHAMPS Navigation. The original timbers are described by Colonel WvxxiE as beingin a state of utter xottenness. " In many parts," he writes, "these ti?nbers cotud be dug out with a spade, like "garden muldd, and it is a matter of astonishment "how a structure in such a state was able to bear "the loads whichcontinually passed over it." It isbut fair to add that, according to Colonel Wym-ms report, this particular viaduct has been put in a state of good repair; but one shudders at the thought of the danger to which the travelIers who passed over it were exposed before the company were dliven to do something lest their viaduct should crumble down some morning, like " garden Cmould,' under the pressure of a passing train. - The result of Colonel Wvwss report is that these branches of the Eastern Counties line are decidedly unsafe, and unfitted for public traffic. The com.pany do not aim at any higher result than to give temporary security to their customers, and even this result they have not attained. The Eastern Counties Railway Company are more busy with their factions and broils than with the repair of their line. While they are squabbling about who shall be their chairman and who their directors, and expending their energy upon reciprocal accusation, they have permitted their line to become insecure and unfitted for public use. The natural consequence will be that the public vfill make as little use of it as possible.' The company are, in fact, pursuing the notable old policy of killing the goose that lays the golden eggs. Their only hope of a dividend rests upon the development of their traffic; and this, of course, depends upon the amount of confidence placed by the public in the security of their line. The Board of Trade have sent them a warning to plac their line in a permanently safe condition. A large outlay -a very large outlay-will be needed for this purpose. To. this measure they must resort at last, and it must be remembered that a very large portion of the money expended upon these repairs, which give but temporary security, is absolutely wasted. The system of temporary repair must have its limits. One fine day " Down will come viaduct, bridges, ana alL" We only trust too many lives may not be lost when the catastrophe occurs.
COkUBT CIBVUABL The Right Hon. Charles P. Villiers, Judge-Advocate. GZeneral, had an audience of the Queen yesterday at Buckimgham Palace, and submitted to Her Majesty tho proceedings of somo courts-martial. rince Albert rode on horseback in the forenoon with the Plince of Wales and Princo AIlfred, attended by Captain the Hon. Dadley de Rois aid Mr. Gibbs. In the afternoon his Royal Highness visited the establishment of Mlessrs. Gray and Davison in the Newv-road. ThePrncess Royal and the Princess Alice visited her Royal Highness the D)uchess of Glocester at Glocester- Her Majesty had a dinner party in the evening. The cornpny included herRoyal Hlighness the Princess Royal, the French Ambassador and Countess dePersigny, Prince de la Moekowa, the BavarianMinisterand Baroness de Cetto, the Brazilirn MBuister and Midazne Moreira, Marquis and Marchioness of Winchester, Lord and Lady Rlcho, Lord Sle e, tec=Aof the BritishForei egi .u. H.aSt onle,d SirEdmund lons and Mr. Ed. The bani. of the lst Life Guards attended in the Palace, and played during dinner the Overture-" Frestl . . . . . .L. . - Grand selection- zemiramide" *. .. ': !As.g Fantasia Scotch .S''th. together with other pieces. A deputation of the Commissioners of Income-tax from the whole of the metropolitan districts had an interview with the Chancellor of the Exchequer yesterdav at his official residence in Downing-street. The deputation con. sLated of Mr. James Hargrave Muna (Holborn division), Mr. George Offor (Tower HTaml eta division), Mr. Valentine Kmight (nsbury division), Mr. William Payne (BloomEbury division), 31r. Joseph Carter Wood (St. Mar. garet's, Westminster), Mr. Miles Miley (St. James's, Westminster), M Lr. Richard Cobbett (St. Martin's-in. the-fields), Mr.. Thomas Sambrooke (Duchy of Lancaste Mr. Neat (St. Marylebone, and Mr. Eenjam Ed ington (Southwark), with Mr. Winfield Crace nsearetmn y The deputation was introdueed by Mr. W.A. iWilkinson, MP. for Lambeth, and Sir W. Clay and M,r. C. S. Butler,. members for the Tower Hamlets. A deputation from tho Town Council of Norwich, consisting of Mr. J. G. Johnson. the mayor, Mr. W. L. MAendhai, Town Clerk, and Conncillor Barwell, had'an interview with the Rio'hn Hon. R. Lowe yesterday at the office of the A deputation of the Lancashire Insurance Company, consisting of Mr. Nicholas Heald (chairman), Mr. Byre Evans qdeputy chairman), Messrs. Kay, Knowles, B. Hume, and *:monds (directors), and Mr. James Kennedy (general Eanager), accompanied by Colonel J. W. Patten, M .P, Sir . S. Stewart, MP., Sir James Dnke, MP., the Right Hon. T. M. Gibson, LP., Mr. W. Brown, ALP., Mr. J. Brotherton, MY.P, Mr. James Kershaw, MIP., Mr. J. E. Ewart, hLl?., Mr. G. Greenall, IP., Mr. W. Grenfell, _.P., Mr. A. HEaste, M.P., and Mr. W. Lockhart, X.R. had an interview yesterday with the Chancellor of the Ex chequer.~ ~ ~~~~~o te L *A epuatin o fator opratvesfrom Iancashire anid Yorkshire had ar 4nterve rthSrGeog Ge oancahz atnr day, at the Home-office, on the subject of fencing machinery under the Factory Act. The deputation cnised of s Thoma Speed, Samuel Breer, Edward Whittel, John Rourke, Joseph Smith, Thomas Sunderland, and Henry Horsfall, acconpaniedbyMr.J.ML Cobbett, MP., Mr.Samnuel Fielden, and -r W. Walker. A deputation from Moss-side had an interview on Saturday with.the Right Hon: W. Cdwper, M.P., at the oiffice of the Gnera Board of Health, Whitehall, vith reference to an application of the Public Health Act to that district. The deputation consisted of M ir. J. HI Hmpsons Solicitor; and Of Mr. M edcalf and M1r. Rtaby, also of Mossde. Tr. Hastie, M ., and Mr. ^Turner, Tow s-Clerk of Glasgow, hdadan intervie with the Chancellor of theExchequer svatchefromthe Gvern.o rO of Canada were received
OBSERVACE Op THE SAIBBATH.-The annual meeting of the Manchester Botanical Society vwas held yesterday at the Manchester Town-hall, Mr. Janes Watts, the mayor, presiding. Mr. James Beywood, LP., moved " That the socieWs gardens at Old Trafford should be open to the proprietors and sabscribers from 2 30 p.m. until dusk every :unday." The motion was seconded by Mr. R. N. Phillips, and opposed by the Rev. J. Bardsley, Professor Williamson, and otherm. A poll reslted in 293 votes for and 362 against the motion. As the motion would require, bythe rules, a majority of two-thirds of the votes, it was consequently lost by a greater majority thau the above numbers would indicate. At the first meeting at which the motion was made, some years ago, only three persons supported it; but last year tnere was a majority for the op Ing, thou h not the majority of two-thirds, required by the rules. The advocates for opening the gardens on Sundays hare there. fore lost ground this year as compared with last. The nunber oE persons voting on the preeent occasion wag 240 for and 297 against the motion. About 100 more members voted this year than last, and about 100 who voted last year have xot-voted this, of whom the numbersfor and giJ| are pretty equally divided. ra llBEFrDnroukW MuRDEB.-Wentron, the mur. derer of Mr. Waugh, is, by the de4ision of the Homeoffices to be -ondemned to penal servitude for life. The jury, it will be remembered, found him guilty of the murder, bu &Uo foundthathe was "prediposed to insaity."
- TEIERAPEIC DESPAPTHES. OPENING OF 'THE FRENCil LEGISLATIJ C ASSEMBLY. . - . . ,- .- - - . . . I (BY: 5iAIW AND B3RMSH. TE RArH.1 We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent PAMRoS,.MoNDY, X&RcH 3. "The following is tho speech of the Emperor on the opening of the session "'The last time I convoked you our minds were occupied with matters of grave import; the allied armies were exhausting themselves at a siege where the obstinacy of the defence made success doubtful. Europe, hesitating, seemed to await the end of the struggle before pronouncing itself; to carry on thle war I asked of you a loan, which you granted unanimously, although it may have appeared excessive. The high price of provisions threatened to cause general distre3s among the labouring classes, and a perturbation in the monetary system gave rise to fears of a slackening of commercial transCtions and of labour. "'Well, thanks to your support, as well as to the energy displayed in France and in Englandthanks, above all things, to the support of Provideuce, those dangers, if they have not entirely disappeared, have, most of them at least, been averted. "'A great feat of arms has decided a desperate struggle, unexampled in history, in favour of the allied armies. "Sin'ce that moment the opinion of Europe has -pronounceditwlf more openly. - _ _ " ' On all sides our alliances have been extended and strengthened. " ' The third loan was subscribed without diflieulty. The country has given me a new proof of its confidence by subscribing a sum five times the amount I demanded; it has supported with admirable resignation the sufferings inseparable from a dearness of provisions,-siifferings alleviated, however, by private charity, by the zeal of the municipal authorities, and by the 10,000,OO. distibuted in the departments. At the present moment the arrivals of foreign corn have caused a sensible fall; the fears arising from the scarcity of gold have diminished, and labour was never more active, nor the revenues more considerable. *" ' The chances of war have aroused the military spirit of the nation; at no time were voluntary enlistnients so frequent, or so much ardour displayed -by the recruits desig,nated by lot. "'To this brief statement of the situation facts of a high political signification must be added. *" ' The Queen of Great Britain, desirous of giving a proof of her confidence, of her esteem for our country, to render our relations more intimate visited France. -Th. enthu'siastic welcome she met with must have convinced her how deep were the sentiments inspired by her presence, and that they were of a nature to strengthen the alliance of the two nations. "'The King of Piedmont, who, without looking behind him, had embraced our cause with that courageous impetuosity which he had already shown on the battlefield, also came to France, to consecrate a union already cemented bythe bravery of his soldiers. Those Sovereigns were enabled to see a country formerly so agitated and disinherited of its rank in the Councils of Europe, now prosperous, peaceful, and respected, waging war, notwith the momentary delrium of passion, but with the calmness, justice, and energy of duty. They beheld France, while sending 200,000 men beyoncd the seas, at the same time convoke al the arts of peace at Paris, as if she wished to say to Europe, ' Thepresent war is only an episodofor me; my ideas and my. strength are in part always :dieteatowardsthe Ats of peace; let us neglect nothing.to understand each other, and.do not compel me to throw all the resources and all the energy of a great nation into the lists of battle.' "' That appeal seems to have been heard, and winter, by suspending hotiities, favoured the intervention of diplomacy. "I' Austria resolved upon taking a decisive step, whichbrought into the deliberations all the influence of the Sovereign of a vast empire. " ' Sweden entered into closer connexion with England and France by a treaty which guaranteed the integrity of her territory; finally, advice or entreaties were .sent to St. Petersburg from all the Cabinets. - " ' The Emperor of Russia, who had inherited a positionho had not created, appeared animated with a sincere desire to put an end to the causes which had occasioned this sanguinary conflict. I" ' He resolutely accepted the, propositions transmitted by Austria. " ' The honour of his arms once satisfied, he did -honour to himself also by complying with the distinctly expressed. wishes of Europe. " ' To-day the Plenipotentiaries of the belligerent and allied Powers are assembled at Paris to decide upon the conditions of: peace. The spirit of moderation and equity which animates them all must mak-e us hope for a favourable result; nevertheless, let us await the end of the Conferences with dignity, and let us be equally prepared, if it should be necessary, either again to draw the sword or to extend the hand to those we have honourably fought.. " 'Whatever may happen, let us occupy ourselves with all the means proper to increase the power and wealth of France; let us draw still closer, if possible, the alliance formed by a participation of glory and of sacrifices, the reciprocal advantages of which will be brought into still stronger relief by peace. " ' Iet us, finaUy, at this solemn moment for the destinies of the world, place our trust in God, that He may guide our efforts in the sense most conformable to the interests of humanity and of civilization."' - RUSSIA. We have received the followg telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent - BERLrN, Xlosui'Y, XAucu 3. "Advimes from St. Petersburg state that the Minister of Marine, by command of the GrandDuke Constantine, has ordered aU the buoys and landmarks in the Baltic .to.be removed, and all the liglhthouses to be extinguished." THE &AST. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Marseilles correspondent - " EAMET;LILs, MONDAY, X&RC 3, 4 25 r.M. "The Borysthene has arrivedl with advices from Constantinople of -the 25th, and from the Crimea of the 23d of February. "Despathes left at 9 a.m. "Your Constantinople correspondent writs:" On Friday night a fearful tempest occasioned much damage in the BoBphorus and in the, Golden Horn. The Alma and the Doris suffered injuries; the Sylph ran aground in the Black Sea."'
STEAm To Amzma.-The owners of the United States mail steamers have notified that tho vse1e of this line, to avoid the dangers from ice, will not cross the Banks north of 43 degrees, until after the Lst of August nerti DzsmucTow or D&Azay Csm Y .- B&AMAY;March 1, 12 o'clock at night.-Dartrr Castle, Rockoorry, county Monghan, the residence of the Right Hon. Lord Cremorne, has been onfis since early this even in, and before this reaches you it will be reduoed to rumns. Dartry Castle has been only aboutlO years ereotod, and was considered one of the fineat and beat buildings in the north of Ireland. Lord Cremorne is at present in London. There is a rumour that one of the CoothMill constabulary has lost his life in trying to extinguish the lire.
-SECL ON EDITION. -" TAMES OPJVW, TWAMiicY g.- FRAN . - Tjthe letles! of Crl 1 x 4;respondeut, dated YstMday evening, had 219t ad iveO #en ou econd 1 Edition went to press. AUSTRIA. (knom OUR ow' cO sRUZM MrJ VIE1NN1A, Yr1. 29. Some time' since you learned from me that there was an appendix to the Concordat, in the shape of an explanatory letter, addressed by the Archbishop of Vienna, as the Plenipotentiary of the Emperor of Austria, to Cardinal Viale Prelh, the Papal internuncio at this Court. The existence of the letter was long denied, and it was generally believed your correspondent had found a " mare's nest," but the document has at length found its way into the Vienna Chiurch Gazete (Kirc7enx Zeitung). Your columns are so crowded that the l,egthy letter cannot be given in exteiso, but it contains such important matter that a brief epitome of it muat be laid before your readers. In the preamble it is said that'- "tWhe temporal power must keep down -with a strong hand the un-bridled 'i'cense which has so long, been granted to -the passions," because the Church has to wrestle with a party whose aim it is to undermine the faith which has been implanted by God in the mind of man. Such being the case, it has been thought necessary that the temporal power should make common causewith the priesthood (Priesterthum) "in defending, the kingdom of God," and, therefore, -His-Majesty -4ho-Emperor -" has ordered me (the Archbishop) to mnake the following. commnication to your Eminence." The Archbisho) then proceeds to comment on some of the more important stipulations of the Concordat:- "Art. L His Mlajesty is an:ious that faith and piety should flourish at the Universities, and therefore it would be well if the Arch-Chancellors or Chancellors of the Universities were bishops. Should difficulties arise, the bishops will, at all events, have the direction of the theological faculty. Art. 2 and 3. Only Catholics will be allowed to exanline the candidates who are desirous to take their degree asdoctorsof divinityorof canonicallaw. If itappearadvisable that the bishops should have the power 'by Apostolic (Papal) authority' to confer the deee of doctorof divinity, HisMajestywMilhave noobjection. Art.4. Thebishops areat liberty to found a Catholic University, which shall be en-tirely dependent on them. Art. 5. :Before a professor be- longing to the juridical faculty can lecture on canonical law, the bishop of the diocese must give his opinion respecting his faith and doctrine. Art. 6. As the University of Pesth* was founded by the proceeds of church property, His Majesty finds it but reasonable -that in future only Catholic professors shall be appointed there. Art 7. All students of theology are to be exempted from military service. Art S. In the 'gymnasia' and preparatory schools which have been established by the State, the teachers of religion will be proposed by the bishop of tho diocese, and as a rule the man on whom his choice may faU will be appointed.- The nex-t article, -which relates to the press, must be given at length:- "Art 9. The suppression of books dangerous to religion Iand morality is a matter which concerns Church and State, and His Majesty the Emperor will do all in his power to keep such books out of his dominions. He vill theref6re take care that, in order to curb literary audacity, the lawswhich are not wanting in the necessary severity-shall be carried ont with propervigour, and that the greatest attention shall be paid to the wishes of the bishops in this matter. HI[owever, the nature of the thing is such that great caution mill be necessary, lest something worse should happen. In most of the countries in Europe the classes which can boast of higher mental developement and knowledge are suffering ander a daply-rooted internm malady, which the Church must treat as a wise physician would do. Up to 1848 the strictest preventive censure was maintained, and those who wished to be thought liberal complained that the protection given by the State to the Church surpassed the bounds of justice and reason; but the truth is, that the censure, as it wa then, wasM unable either to prevent evilor to suppress it.- The frontiers of Austriare so extensive that means can always be found to elude the vigilance of the police. The booksellers were never at a loss to get forbidden boolks, and the more strictly they were prohibited the, more greedily they were sought after and read, and the higher prices they fetched, so that foreign publishers were glad if any of their works were prohibited in Austria. [The following passage is adduced by the Italian bishops in defence of their violent measures :]-However, the circumstances are not the same in all the provinces of the empire. It is much easier to keep dangerousbooks out of theLombardo-Venetianterritorythan out of the German provinces, which are close to so many Protestant countries, or out of Hungary and Transylvania, where the number of non-Catholic inhabitants is so large. Besides, many things which have been so often repeated as to excite disgust in Germany are new to Italy, and therefore the more dangerous." "Arts. 10 and 11 explain the limited jrisdiction of the temporal power in cases in which priess are concerned, but it is specially mentioned that if the clergy commit crimes against which drum-head law has been proclaimed, their cloth will not protect them. Art. 12 relates to the military frontiers, and is of no interest for foreigners. Art. 13. The temporal power will, if necessary, assist the bishops in put-ting into execution the sentences which they have passea on their clergy; but His Majesty expects that aniy explanations that may be required of the bishops will be given. At. 14. In future no troops will be billetted on the parish priests." The other six articles are of no importance whatever. It is related that the Austrian Government has requested the Pope to direct the Italian bishops to take no steps towards the realization of certain conditions of the Concordat, until the Imperial ordinances which refer to them have been published. If they obey, it will be a sign that the Pope has more influence over the Austrian clergy than has their liege-lord, the Emperor. The Ministry of Justice has decided that landed proprietors have no right to distrain for any arrears of droits de coaWe which have arisen since the 1st of May, 1848. The Vienna moneyed world is still full of confidence, and the Credit Bank shares are at 70 per cent. premium, although but 30 per cent. has beenpaid up on them. Yesterday the threeDirectors of the Credit Bank were elected; they are 3I. Richter, of Frague; M. Schiff, of HIamburg; and M. Bauer, of this city. The currency is improving daily, but Government stock is heavy as lead. It is related that the Finance Minister has proposed a further reduction in the budget of the War Deparlment. To-morrow a mass wil be read in the chapel of the Russian Embassy in this city, in commemoration of the late Emperor Nicholas. Reliable inteligence has reached me that the project for constructing a railroad from Belgrade to Constantinople will not be carried out for many a long day, as the undertaking is likely to be enor- mously expensive. I PRUSSIA. : (soM OUR oWN COoESEONDrN.) BdRII, clMnc 2. Yederday forenoon there was a service for the dead celebrated in the chapel of the Russian Embassy here, in commemoration of. the deaih of the late Emperor Nicholas; in addition to the Grand Duchess Catharine and her husband, Duke George of Mecklenburg, there were present the Grand Duchess Alexandrine of Mecklenbuig, together with tho King, Queen, and Royal family of Pussia. The 6th Regiment of Cuirsasiers, of which the late Emperor was chf, was represented by all its officers and a deputation from every rank in the regiment. The Domchor performed the Requiem and the Rxusian psalms that formed part of the Mass. . Among the auach&s of the Russian IEbn s here is one, Privy Councillor von Rennenkanpf, whose - * Half the population of HungMy, of whilt provinea Pesth is the capital, does not acknowledge tho supremacy of the iope. province it ; to k;eep his Governmen!; well informed on all matters Coi^Tdec with the interests oi commerce; and in adMt0n to-him, the Russian:-Vt T ernTnent has just appointed Councillor Reuter to make a long stay in Berlin -for the purpose of making himself acquainted -with and ;ceporting upois the latest improvements made hereq nin l.lw and telegraphs, both of which arp ,ery well Ta. ita 5Prussi EIn the provinoas of Posen and East Prussia the Russian -o *X t 3 n ing large purchase of ship-builao,, On Thursday evening an equestrian h WntZ't, consisting of a carrousel and- a quadrille, execxnbd by the highest members of the arstracy here, with the young Prince of Prssia at their head, came of in the presence of the King, Qneen, Royal Family, and Court. The first half of the entertainment consisted of the well-known medimrvl namusements of carrying off rings, throwing javelins at the lances' point, at tagets, and cutting or thrusting at Turks' heads with swords whilst riding at a hand canter. These sports were executed by two divisions of eavaliers, distinguished each by separate colours, and who were dressed in theFreneh costunme of the time of Louis XII. The second half of the entertainment contained the quadrille ridden. by the aforementioned cavaliers and eight ladies of the nobility, attired in the costmoe of the same period, 'and diitinguished by the colours worn by their respective cavaliers. The entertainment appears to have given the liVeliest satisfaction to the parties interested, whether as executors or spectators, and will be repeatedInext Tuesday evening; on each occasion -Ee desire -of viewingthe spectacle is made subserrient to the purposes oi charity. The Samson, Falcon, and T'ylades, the ar-an coU1iers of the English Baltic Beet, arrlved at Elinore on the 29th of February; the screw -steam frigate Imperieuse, 51, bearing the fag of Comi modore Watson, passed the same day through the From Elsinore, it was reported on the 24th -l., that the American vessel which succeeded in escap. ing the vigilance of our cruisers last atumn, and in landing her cargo of arms at Revei, had subsequently been frozen up in the ice on the Swediih coast. Of the American vessel that our Government had caused to be detained in Copenhagen Roads, which nevertheless contrived to put to sea on Christmas-eve, I have already reported to you that she returned safely to Copenhagen after disr charging her cargo at Revel. A Vienna correspondent of the We.ser Zeitfug shows how the difficulty connected with the arsenal of :icholaieff is to be got over; according to his version, there is to be a Russian Lloyd's Company formed, with its seat in Odessa, and its ship-building yard at Nicholaieff; its vessels are to navigate the Bug and the Dnieper, the Black Sea, and the Mediterranean. Nicholaieff is thus to cease to be a military arsenal, but its works are not to be destroyed, but rather to be converted to the peace. ful purPoses of commercial navigation. RUSSIA. (FROM OiU BnL3Wh 0rJOP0Drrrr.) BEBRLZ, 4&ucu 2. The high agio that silver coin bears in Russia lhas led to a variety of mal-practices on the part of various officials, which the Government is now en.- deavouring to remedy at once, and prevent for the future. Thas, for instance, the Tax aud Customs' collectors have been in the habit of making use of the silver money they received from the publio for the purchase of paper money at a considerable discount, and paying the latter mto the Imperial Treasury, pocketing the difference. An ukase of the 13th ultimo requires of the olicials, for the future,to pay into theTreasurythe very same money that they receive on behalf of the Government; they are to register ditinctly the various sorts of moneys they receive, and in. the receipt they gire they ara also to specify the medium in which ths payment has been made. Any contravention of this ukase is to be punished according to the lawrs directed against usury. Now that the information can be of no advantaga or disadvantage to any one, the Russian joarnalEs publish a variety of daft connected with the lately raised militia. It will be recollectedthat the ukaseu directing the Ievies of the militia required that the complement of every draschine should amount to 1,030 men; it appears that there hava been 337 druschines organized in all. If these draschinez have all their full complement, they must represent a force of 347,000 men, besides the marine force organized by the Grand Duke Constantine. The Government of Witepfk raised 3 druschines, Wladimir 11, . Wologda 9, Woronesch 1'1, Wiatka 18 (the largest number), Kaluga 1, Kostrolna 10, Kursk 17, Mohileff 3, Moscow 12, Nischegorod 11, Novgorod 8, Olonetz 2 (the smallest number), Orenburg 7, Orel 15, Pensa 11, Pern 16, pultowa 9, Pskoff 6, Riazan 14, Samara 12, St. Petersburg 5, Saratoff 14, Simbirsk 11, Smolensk 11; Tamboff 17, Tver 14, Tula 11, Tchernigoff 9, Kharkoff 14, and Jaroslaff 9. In addition to these the Governments of Tchernigoff, Pultowa, and Kharloff had to raise six regiments of Militia Cossacks. As the -ukases required from 22 to 27 men to be levied for every 1,000 registered "' souls," we can form an approximative idea of the number of men in Rusia capable of bearing arms. The militia troops that constitute the garrison of St.Petersburg and tho towns on the coast are stated to have a more healthy appearance than tbe Russiaa troops of the line generally have; they are for the most part men approaching the middle-age, and have hitherto enjoyed good fare; the population of 'the different towns where they pass or are stationed seem to take a pleasure in feeding them better thax they dotheregular troops. It is believed, however, that in the more remote provinces the men who have beon aaombloa round tho banncr with the double cross do not present so favourable at aspect. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OvU OWN CORr0N-D3M-TS.) SOIUI&MPTON, TZDAYXYM0F-NIG.` Arrived.-Despatch. steamer, from Jer,ey; Atalanta, steamer, from Havre. SWiled.-Wonder, stenmer, for Jersey; Expreo&, steamer, for Bavre; -Victoris, steamer, for Australia. LIVERPOOT., TumsnD± BfopNnG. Vind. N. Off£-Eannah Easter, from Const3ntinople; City of Mo. bile, from London; James Baines, from Mfelbourne. Sailed.-Amity, for Nantes. Wind E. Q, j1 nCu 2 Sailed.-laconia, for Charleston. (Br sUsMAEISN ASD IBUM TXL!tuAPr.) GRAVESEND, TVsDADY, 9..56 AK. Wind N.E., tide quarterflood, cloudy. Arrived, Feb. 3.-Ooean Wave, from Sorradah. Arrived, Feb. 4.-Asp, from Guersey. Saile-Relianoe, for Algoa EBy. DEAL, TuSDAY, 9.30 A._ Wind N.E., moderate. Passed, 3d.-WY-ud, from London, for Hongkongl Morning Star, brig, from westward, for LoIdon. Sailed.-Providence, for London. STOCK EXCE[ANG. TURsDAY JEO4Mox , 11 O'CLeOK. Consox for 3foey ... ... p1i ConcoLX for AcoWunt (Mach 11) 91} to 91j Consolx Scrip ... ... ... If to I pmi. Esxchequerscrip ... ... ... it to lJ.PMa.
TURKEY. (rFO] OUR oW1( COBlmm2ONDZ(T.) CONSTANTINOPLE, Fs. 21. As I wrote in my last, the reading of the Imperial. firman granting equalrights to aU the subjects of the Sultan, of whatever religion they be, was fixed for Monday afternoon la4t, at 1 o'clock. As early as 7 o'clock -ii- the forenoon you could see numbersof people hurrying towards the Porte, whiite and green turbaned tlemas and Softas, Greek and Armenian pnests, a good many Perotes, ].ere and there a European, and hosts of fezeapped mondezcript gentlemen. Soon after Turk-ish digmtaies, on horseback or in their carriages, began to airive ; they seemed to have calculated their time so -well that they formed, a regular file in the narrow street which leads from the fashionable quarter of Constantinople to the Porte. In spite of -the drizzling rain and the cold wind, the great -vestibule was thronged with a promiscuous crowd pressing and pushing each other, so that the cormI any of Turkish soldiers of the line who had to keep a passage open for the entrance of the Ministers and other dig,nitaries had the greatest difficulty in performing their task. The apartment destined for the ceremony was the great Council-hall, spacious enough in itself, but by no means sufficient to contain the numbersof people who wished to be present at this important act. The ceremony, which was to have taken place at 1 p.m., was delayed on account of the funeral of one of the daughters of the Sultan, at which several of the Ministers and the Xaimalk-am of the Grand Vizier Mahmed Kibrisli Pasha had to be present. It vas 3 o'clock before they arrived at the Porte. As soon ax their arrival became known everybody hastened to the place assigned to him. Besides the Ministers surroundingthe GrandVizier,Kaimakams, there were all the members of the Council of State and of the Tanzimat, alltheother high functionaries of the Porte, the Shiek-ul-Islam, the patriarchs,' archbishops, and bishops of the different religious communities, and a good number of the most promimneat men among the Mussulman and non-Mussulmian population of Constantinople. It would have formed an interesting study for a physiognomist this assembly, composed of the most prominent men of Turkey. I don't think it would have been foind inferiorto any othersimilar assembly as regards intellectual countenances. The most prominent feature vT a earnestness. lNotwithstanding the contact with Europe, and the history of so many deposed and assassinated Sultans, the person of the latter is still held in religious veneration. Even the rather turbulently disposed crowd outside became silent when the iirman signed by the Sultan's own hand was taken out. Everybody seemed to be -penetrated with the solemnity of the moment. The firman was read. by Habat Effendi, the Mek-tubji or Chief of the Chanceleie of the Grand Vizier. WMhen the reading was over the Sheik-l*Islam Arif Effendi said a prayer appropriate to the occasion, after which both he and the Grand Vizier held a kind of levee. The latter besides made an addres to those present, in which he touched upon the most prominent points contained in the fiman. - When the whole ceremony was over, printed -copies of the firman, in the original Turldsh, were -distributed among the crowd. The translation into all the other languages of the empiro is likewise -ordered, and when it is finished it will be printed -and sent into the provinces, to be read and distributed there. A meeting of medical men of all nations repre-sented now at Constantinople was held on Friday lastinthe so-called "casino." Theideaofitoriginated in the Scutari hospital. Dr. Pincopp, one of the .civil surgeons attached to the hospital, was the chief promnoter of it. There are four systems of medicine and surgery face to face in the English, French, Sardinian, and Turkish hospitals, and as many different systems of administration, every one of which has its advantages over the other in some respects, and its shortcomings in others. The study of each system and an exchange of ideas on the most interesting questions connected with the most frequent cases of field surgery- and medi-cine as well as with the general administration of hospitals was therefore likely to be of advantage -to all parties. Dr. Pincopp, anxious to give the initiative to the English medical men, his colleagues, proposed such meetings to General Storks, who not only willingly consented, but even offered his rooms 'once a-week for such meetings. The hospital authorities were not taken so much by the idea; they consented, indeed, at first, but afterwards let the -whole thing drop again. The French, on the con'trary, caught eagerly at the idea, and Dr. Baudens. -the Principal Medical Inspector of the French hospitals here, to whom the thing was proposed on- the -occasion of a visit which he paid to the Scutari hospitals, promised to promote these meetings as much aspossible. Encour2ged by this, Dr. Pincopp, with -much trouble, succeeded in arranging this *rst meeting on Friday Last. It was attended not only by most of the medical -notabilities employed in the hospitals of the four mations, but likewise by a number of the most prominent medical practitioners of this place, who were especially invited, as, from their knowledge of the nature of the country and of the character which the diseases are accustomed to assume inthis climate, -they were by their long experience well suited -to mak-e useful practical suggestions. Dr. Baudens, a well known celebrity in the Paris medical world, 'as unanimousaly voted into the chair, and Dr. Pin-copp elected secretary. A resolution was passed to assemble twice a month regularly, to discuss questions- of a - practical interest and the diseases which are most prevalent in armies, such as typhus, dysentery, congelations, &c. Besides this a committee was formed, composed of members of each nation, to draw up the statute of a "Permanent Medical Society of all Nations."* The Sultan gave last week one of those proofs of Royal mu-ificence in which he seems to take such delight. last year, in April, when the Turkish expeditionary corps was for the first time embarked at Eupatoria for Sebastopol to take part there in the siege opera-tions, a sailor of Her Majesty's ship Valorous whiIa embarking -some baggage was accidentally wounded by a guLn which went, off; the bullet passed through thehbone of his left upper arm, which had -to be amputated. Omar Pasha asked his name and 'wrote it down. S The Sultan heard of it, and desired to do something for the man who had lost his arm while assisting the embarcatiou. of the Sultai's troops. But no occasion presented itself until last week, when the Valorous came back from Malta. As soon as he knew, of -her arrival he sent -100 sovereigns in gold as a present to the man. They were taken down to the Valorous, -but as the, nan 3iad-boon-invaiaed aftei the loss of his arm, the sum will be sent to the Admiiralty in England to be for'warded to him.. - I wrote to you in one of -my last letters that the Princess Dadian, of Mingrelia, was raising a complaint against Omar Pasha for having plundered her palwe at Sugdidi.- She wants to bring her -claims blefre the Porte, and has sent two of her -attendants to Constantinople. The ground taken up by her is that, in her position as the Regent of a semi-independent country, in the face of two rival arnmies, she had maintained her neutrality and ' retired into the- mountains, to be out 'of 6 tle way; that- she never had given any support to -the Russians nor used her influence in the country -against the Turks; that she only waited for the advance of the latter to join them, a thing- which ->he could not do before on account of the vigilance of tho Russians. On the other hand, on the side of -Omar Pasha, it is urged that he respected her property as long as the MIingrelians showed no hostile spirit,- and it was only after the night attack of Major-General Prince Dadian, the lady's brother-inlaw, on Sugdidi, in- which a number of Turkish -soldiers were-killed by the-Mingreiaux and 32 tak-en prisoners,, that the. furniture of her palace, stored -up until then in a c2hurch and placed under a guard, - was 'carried, off by--his orders. The excuse would,- be ,plausible.. enough were it not well knowfn that. Prince. Dadiau is. not on gooditerms with-the Princess, his sister-in-law, but, on the contrary, has been- always, and- is stll, in a continual feudl with-her about the regency -during the minority of his brother's children, which lie claims, so that it.is -rather an arbitrary. interpre'tation of factHs to maLe the Princess responsible for -the acts of ler enemy,, Prince Dadian, who is, moreover, Mjor-General in the Russian service. ThePrinces* intends to bring her claims before the English Government,, should she - fail -to obtain rearationl fron the Porte. It was folly ever to expect' voluntary and. gratui:towa assistance from the inhabitanlts of 'the~ Caucasia -provinces to the cause of- the allies. - TXose who were independent were so by their own efforts, and had no need of foreign assistance; and those Who were under Russian rule could not be expected to do anythiiig until they saw -that the allied Powers were really the stronger party. Patriotism and other such European ideas must not be sought there -their only niotive has always been interest; and this was beginningto speak powerfully in favour of the allies. 3Iouravieff's attack on Kars was repulsed with terrible loss, and the whole Russian army of the Caucasus was in a state of conifusion. Omar Pashawas advancing with 20,000 to 30,000 men from the coast, the bulk of the Russian Caucasian army had suffered a defeat several hundred miles south, 15,000 men were watching the mountains of Daghestan under Schamyl, and the whole regular force which could be opposed to I Omar Pasha did not number more than 6,000 men in all, and some thousands of Minrelian militia of doubtful fidelity. Connt Rosemaduque, a French settler in Mingrelia, w0ho was at that time with the Russians, says that, everybody considered the' .Russians lost, and an advance not only to Kutais but even to Tiffis and Misketi, the entrance of the Dariel pass, possible and probable. If well paid the inhabitants -were ready to bring in all kinds of provisions, so that all difficulties about transport and provisions would have been overcome by a little boldness. Of course there was no-mathematical certainty of success, but in what' brilliant military operation is there one ? The opportunity, like so many in the war, was lost. But however lamentable this may be, the policy which Omar Pasha followed after his retreat towards the coast is much more so. While he advancedhlej was as anxious, as he ought to have been, to conciliate the 'population, which had a traditional. horror of a Tturkish occupation; but when he retreated he changed his policy altogether, and again; destroyed the confidence which the population had begun to acquire, so that in case the war should be continued, any army operating on that point will have great dlifficulties in removing the impressions left by the retreat of the Turkish army. News received ties Persia and Erzeroum speaksi of'e a serious illness of General Williams at ThUs. The medical men began 'to despair for his life. His illness is said to be caulsed by a reaction after all the' excitement and sufferings during the seige. Fires are again the order of the day at Constanti-! nople. Nearly every night you hear the sound of cannon from the watch-tower on the Bosphorus, the rattling of the fire-engines through the streets, and the yelling and shouting of the firemen. Fortunately, with the help of the firemen attached to the allied troops garrisoned at Constantinople, this service is now so arranged that help can be speedilyprocured, sothatthe fires, although very. frequent, are by no means so destructive as minight be expected from the narrowness of the streets and the frailty of the building materials. John Ghika, a nephew of thelate Prince of WalIachia, and hitherto Kaimak=ni of the Prince Gover-. nor of Samos, has, in consequence of the services rendered in the Islands of the Archipelago during the insurrection in Epirus and Thessaly, been appointed Prince of Samos, instead of Callimachi, who goes as ambassador to Vienna, or more probably to Paris. Prince Ghikaisoneof the risingmenof Turkey, and many eyes are directed towards him as one of the candidates for the principality of Wallachia, if not now at some future period. He proved himself a man fit for a high responsible position in critical circumstances. In spite of the sympathy manifested among the inhabitants of the Turkish Islancls in the Archipelago for the movement in Greece, he kept orderwith only a small force of a few hundred men, and it was due to his prudence and exertions that the pirates who assassinated the crew of the En,glish brig enrietta were taken and condemned. General Kmety has received his firman as Ferik or General of Division; it is drawn up in the most flattering terms, and distinctly states that the Sultan confers upon him this rank for his bravery displayed in the defence of Ears, especially at the Russian attack of the 29th of September last. The weather has been very variable, one day fine and mild, like spring, another day sleet andrain, with cold winds and a change of temperature of 2a deg. in 24hours. Much illness is the consequence in the town at large, as well as in the French hospitals-in these latter yesterday 27 medical men were on the sick list, 16 of whom with typhus fever. MarvelIously enough, Scutari is healthier than ever, as you-must have seen from last week's returns. It is the same phenomenon which your correspondent reports'from the Crimea. The exzchange of Galata is still quite bewildered.; the fluctuationsin a few hours amount to from10 to 15 piastres. During the last few days the teridencywas decide-dly towards a 'rise, and yesterday and the day before the pound sterling ranged as high as 132 to 134 pinstres, while on the 16th it was one time as low as 114. These fluctuations have nearly put an end to all transactions, and even in retail dealings one cannot get change but with the greatest difficulty. The former greediness forforeign gold seems to have been converted into an aversion from it. In consequence of this panic in the market, the. idea of a commercial bank exercising some control over the rate of exchange is becoming very popular. Yesterday a Ministerial Council was held on the subject at the house of the Grand Vizier's Kaimakam, which is the first step towards carrying out the provisions of the late Imperial firman, which promises the establishment of commercial banks and other similar institutions.
IRELAND. (BY ELECITO Ifa 9.RAPTr-l (FROM OUa OWN CORRESBONDENUT. DUBLIN, MONDAY EvENmG. THE ,UDER OF M. CALLAGHN. The correspondent of the Eveni7lg MaiL writing from Portunina on Saturday, supplies the folowing additional particulars " It appears that on Friday night last, as Mr. Callaghan was returning from a tenant's house to his own cottage, on the estate of Baflinrnane, he was met by some persons who murdered him in the most bratal nanner, beating in his entire forehead from temple to temple, knocking out his eyes, and actually burying his right eyeball in an immense gash up-on his cheek. The spot: whtre he was murdered is about 150 yards from his -esidence, and yesterday exhibited one of those spectacles easier conceived than told-a round deep pool of clotted blood, surrounding an indentation in the soil the size and shape of the hinder portion of tho human sklll; and into this .cavity, ara beaten, the head of the unfortunate: gentleman was pqunded with stones on almost every side,, while the sWa4 about for several yards is spotted andl sat-tered with his blood.- Many rumours are rife, but the main facts; I believe, show that Mr. Callaghan had obtained thisJ property lately,. had -ejected some of the oecubying tenants, imtroduced a Scotch steward-in fact, had commencedtupon. thie alienatingisysteai.: 'Hwever this may be, he was killed! on Friday night,last, abcoultU-'clock, at the end of a house [out of -hich he had evicteda widow, and from within the Sw3ils of ~which-it is 'thoughtwas hurled the first stone. coronir, from Lougbea, will hold an:
IRISH . PAPnt STxISTIcs.-Returns just pub- lished, -on the -motion of -the Irish Secretary show that on-the 1st of January, 1856, there were 73,083 persons, in Ireland in receipt wof-relief, against 86,819 on the 1st of January, 1855-viz., 72,247 in-doors, aud 836 out of doors. This is equivalent to a decrease of pauperisni, amounting toD 'jl.Sper cent. The decrease in-cludes every county. It '.amounts in Antagh to 9.2 per cent.; in Cavan, to 8.3; *ini Monaghan, to 17.8- in Clare, to 26.4; in. Xerry, to 21.4; in TLunerici- to 27.0; in Tipperary, to, F21.9 m Carlow, to 306 * ini Kins Couiy, t 30.5a in: Longford, to 24S- in $feath, to 23.3; in the Queen'si ~County, to 27.7; fWestmeath, to 20.1; in Galway, to. 27.5; ia hayo, to 20.5; and in Sligo, to 22.7 per cent.' In! Ferinanagh the decrease is only 1.3 per cent. ; in Dablin, 5.7,~ and' in Tyrone.'1.7. There are 163 unions in Ireland, and thc population in 1851 was 6,552,055. In the first week of- January last the number of; inmates of worAhonses was-in Ulster, 11,319; in Munster,' 31,312; in Leinster, '23,183 and in Connautht, 6,433. Judging from a comparison with the year 1849, the decrease' is,very remarkable, especially in the province of Connaught. There, in January, 1 19, there were 36,062 paupers in' the-workheous; they ha,ve now been reduced to bne-. sixth of that ntumber.- In UlJster the numnber' -ii-1.849 was-38,089-;' in 'Munster, 79,915; and in -Leir- tei,- 42,606'. Will very few exceptions, the decliae of pauperism has,been steadily.consecutive. The Poor Law: valuation bf Ireland is 11,5S4,9271., and the expenditure int 'theo- year -endisig'Sept.--29,- 1855,' amotinted -to 6 MG,028 . against,, 760,1531., in 1854,- exlibiting ' netdecrease- of 74,1251.' Of this money, 432;4741. was paid for in-door' -nintena3ice; 4,657&?for out-door relief ; 9;7147. for emigra-! tion -expeiises-; andu 118,7311. Eor.salarie5 and rations !of officers. - - n - M AtLius, L~s .OUTTlEr , 1arch- 3.--5:3The: Royal Wail C ompiny's steamship Atrato, Captain Woolley saied this afternonwith- the West India, Mexicai4 and Xlacific inails, 93 pa3sengeis 48,0001. in specie,-12,000l. valuet 'in jehehry, and the tliaeuPargo. 'Among the passengers are Captain Willianms:Reve-s.. ahusacg Y . Hersehell, and: .F r Gihlcns.;, Eni¢s .,nrth,. CaLlaman, 'Lys, .Cildfield,I arfoyD'Apt iy,& c. 'The Parana' CaVpt.He:ihayssiim, in dGily exb ed -with Eithgs-roit_almortion of the-Wledt Inldia, MSexican, and Pacific -mails. -The Peninsular -anld :Oriental'Ctinpaly', steamslhip Euxine, Captaini.; oy.nwfilla -leave. be-morrow. withf tho- heavy PortiOn of the Indiaet Chiiia,'and Yediterranean rnail&'. Tfie UEnited St tea' rnii;i steamship Washington, Captain Cavendy, with the Gerin, French, and English mails, and dates from NeE York to the 23d ult., is expected off Cowes cn route to Bremen about Fridaynext.
- THE ARMY IN THE CRIMBA. FrnoM anTrp nwm OORSROrDqpw~nvxv CAM? BEFORE SEBASTOPOIL FEB. 18. The climate of the Criinea has been frequently calumniated, but its capriciousnes can hardly be exaggerated. Last night, between 8 and 9 o'clock, a party of officers were lounging outside their messhut, chatting and smoking just as on a summer night. There was no wind, the air was mild, the sky overcast, a slight soft rain fell; it seemed like the eve of spring. This morning, at 7 o'clock, a driving sleet obscured the landscape; the ground was crisp with frost; the north wind moaned drearily around our huts; the quicksilver atood at 20' lower than at the same hour yesterday; it was rigid, unfriendly winter. Ala ! forthe pleasant rides to Baidar and elsewhere, planned for the week now beginning, and for the fate of the flowers-primrose and crocus, hyacinth and snowdrop-which a few days of open weather had lured into premature development in many a snug and sheltered nook. We must wait yet awhile for the fragrant violets which already showed a disposition to bud in the little ravines about Inkermann; for Inkermaun, tne bloodateeped, is in -spring, a violet bed, where the purple floweret springs up in extraordinary profusion. - The whole army had been ordered to parade at 10 o'clock this morning on the open ground near the Guards' camp for a grand review, but change of weather caused change of plan, and counter-orders were received. Few though the hours were during which it was believed that the field-day would take place, theysufficed for the indefatigable inventors of wonderful tales, aifd yesterday evening it was current in camp that the object of this muster of the whole army was an attack on the Russian positions. But those to whom this fiction was repeated thought of formor passages in the history of this army, thought of opportunities lost and time wasted, and shook their heads and smiled. I do not put it forward as my own opinion, but as that of hundreds here, that if, with such weather and ground as we yesterday had, the British army had made a general and well-combined attack on theRussian positions, these would infallibly have been taken; for our army is in full flush of health, vigour, and high spirits, while all the information we can get at tends to show that the Russians are in very different plight. Three or four days ago, the enemy having been misinformed by his spies that the French had evacuated Baidar, showed seven sotnias of Cossacks and some infantry (about two regiments, it is said) on the heights above that place. Perceiving their mistake, the hostile forces retired, were followed up by the Chasseurs d'Afrique, and one or two prisoners were made. These describe the condition of the Russian army to be anything but satisfactory; owing to the want of transport, and the difficulty of obtaining supplies from Bakshiserai, the men are hungry and out of heart. About five months have now elapsed since the capture of the south side of Sebastopol, and by this time there are probably few persons acquainted with the circumstances of the case, and the evidence since obtainedfrom various quarters who are not. well convinced that operations against the north side, undertaken immediately after the fall of the south, .would in all human probability have been crowned -by complete success. Perhaps, ere another five months has elapsed, the persuasion will be equally general that, not only on the days immediately following the 8th of September, but on more than one occasion since, a little daring would have secured a not too costly triumph. If faint heart never won fair lady, irresolute and tardy counselsassuredlynevercapturedstonefortresses. The columns of The Times alone have contained ample evidence within the last few months, in thewhape of foreign correspondence and of information derived from various sources-Russian, among others-that immediately-after the 8th of September the Russians were in no condition to defend themselves against that vigorous attack which they fully expected and -were hopeless of successfully resisting. How they must have chuclded at the inaction that ensued, and have wondered at the motives of the allies for passing ten weeks of beautiful autumn weather in complete inaction, without even detaching ]0,000 men for the relief of Kars ! When time shall have brought to light much that is now uii-. known, and cleared away the mists of prejudice and misrepresentation, history, telling the tale of the Crimean campaign, will point out, as its most prominent and lamentable features, the almost unparalleled sufferings of a gallant and constant army, and the incapacity and irresolution that presided at the councils of its chiefs. A report reached me on Saturday that tlie French and Sardinians were shortly to make an attack on a Russian batteryat the foot of the Inkermann heights, as nearly asmay be in a direct line dowAwards from the battery known as ]Bilboquet. I -cannot ascertain that there is any foundation for this rumour as regards the French, but, as regards the Sardinians, I have good grounds for believing there is none. The battery in question, which is a -new one, fires only at night, and it is a matter of doubt whether the fire proceeds from guns sunk -in the earth (in the manner of those which last 'August used to send round shot from the Garden -Batte-y into the Fourth Division camp) or from artillery brought up after dark.- I understand that - some of the shot have fallen in the Zouaves' camp, and it' is possible the French may contemplate a dash -at the battery. Meanwhile, here we are at the l8th of February,-a day on which an 3ttack from the Russians has been for some time past predicted. - Such reports are not unfrequent, an:d are, perhaps, spread by Russian ageats, -with -the idea of harassing the allied forces by keeping them under arms. It may be strongly and reasonably doubted whether the Russians are in any condition to attack us ;,:most improbable is it that they would venture to do so, and most certain is the thrashing they would receive if they were so foolhardy. Attack, -indeed! The very idea seems absurd, when we reflect on the iuccesses of the campaign, the bloody repuilse on the Tchernaya, and the panic and confusion that reigned in the Russian army on the 9th of -September last. Not more absurd, perhaps, than the faet that we, -the succecaful besiegers, arein fact still the besieged. From Fort Constantine right round to the Marble Arch the Russians hem us in, and whero they 'have batteries amuse themselves by firing at us, doing, however, very little -mischief. Yesterday they sent a shot from Fort Constantine tobeyondthe dockyard wall,-adistance of two English miles. This:I was told by an officer who was in the Karabelnaia at the time, and sawthe shot-fired and fall. The Ist brigade of the.'Third Division 'is to go down to Balaldava. -The greater part of the 39th Regiment is already gone; the 89th was 'there before. The brigade,, or-the greater part of it; -will be encamped at first on the Marine heights. ' It is *epected that it is to be employed on fatigue duty, chiefly on works connected[with the harbour. There is a report that the -Fourth Division is to go to lKazhtch, but it-is devoid of tr.uth. It was long sinee Balaklava harbour had been so empty as it was four or five days ago. On Friday and Saturday the Borussiatransport and some other vespela came in; but even yesterday, looldng down froim thqheights towards the Castle on the lirt, it seemed very empty. There was no longer the crowd of hulls and forest of masts, but one could count -the .evssels. The Imperatrice sailed on Saturday for -England with several companies of the Siege Train. The pier at Kazatch will be finished in a month. It is a small affair. Vessels drawing about eight feet of water wi be able to come up to it. There was a project for making it more extensive, but its execution has been suspended. The road that hs been begun from the Woronzoff road to the Redan is a mere track, or path, to bringthe guns up. The Army Works Corps are mending the Woronzoff road, which has great and grievousneed of it. A detachment of that corps is quartered within the precincts of the dockyard, and some of the men composing it were at first rather nervous at the possible effect of shot and shelL Their work begins at the Creek Battery, and proceeds inland. There is a dreadful bit of road beyond that battery, but if they worked on it the Russians would probably amuse them. selves all day by shelling them. The whole of the Army Works Corps have present occupation. A great part - of it is employed on the roads, which require almost constant repair. Yesterday (Sunday) a good many of them were employed on the roadsnot, however, in mending them, but in violent, and not always very successful, efforts to reach their quarters; for on Saturday they had received their month's pay, and they are decidedly a -bibulous body when cash is plenty in their pockets. AUl that I see and hear of the Army Works Corps confirms me in the opinion that the subjection to military law which it was the object of Mr. Doyne's journey to England to obtain for it is indispensable to its wellbeing and efficiency. At present there is scarcely any hold over these men. If taken up by military gaards for being drunk and disorderly, they are, of course,. liable to the usual punishment, but their own officers have not enough power to keep them in good order. There is a police, composed of men selected from the corps, and there is a lock-up place, and the officers 'ean stop their pay and fine them, but this is not found sufficient. There are doubtless a great many good and contented men in the corps, but there are also not a few dissatisfied ones. Losing sight of the many advantages of their position, of their very high pay, their abundant rations, and free lodging, they dislike the restrictions imaposed on them by their service, the compulsory going to bed and lights out at 8 or half-past S, and other regulations to which they are unaccustomed; and they think it hard that they cannot, as in England, take an idle day without being muleted more heavily than by the loss of merely that day's wages. Eere there is little to amuse or interest their leisure hours, and doubtless they miss the evening pipe and beer at the favourite " public ;" so we must not be too, hard upon them if they exceed a little on the Sunday following payday. Desertions have been not unfrequent among them. They betake themselves to Kamiesch, and take ship thence. It has also been ascertained that several of them have sailed from Balaklava. Surely steps mnight easily be taken to prevent the possibility of this. T'he manner in which their offences are treated when referred to the military authorities is not always such as to deter them from their repetition. Thus, the, other day, an Army Works Corps man robbed his comrade and disappeared. There could be no doubt about his intention to cdesert; search was made, and he was captured at Kamiesch. The case was referred to head-quarters, and head-quarters decided that, as the man had been three or four days in confinement, a reprimand would be sufficient punishment. This is hardly the way to improve the discipline in which the corps is deficient. Of course, for these men, as for everybody out here, life in the Crimea is far less pleasant than life in England. I apprehend that nobody, whateverhis rank or occupation,remains here merely for his pleasure. Some of the Army Works Corps, however, taLe theright view of their position. I have heard them talking among themselves on the roads, and saying that they came out, not from anticipation of its being a pleasant life, but to make a little money, and for the sake of their families. Almost to a man, the whole corps has a portion of its pay stopped in England, and paid to wives or other relatives there. It is, of course, at their option to draw it all out here; but, from what t learn, there are not six men in the corps who do it. Besides this, I have already mentioned that, in proportion totheirnumbers, they are the body of men in the Crimea which sendshome most money through the Post-office. By the bye, the run upon money-orders continues. In three days of last week (two at Balaldava and one at head-quarters) nearly 1,6001. worth of these orders was issued. The half-yearly inspections are completed. The Fourth Division was the last, and its last inspection took place yesterday. It was that of the division of tho Land Transport Corps commanded by Major Dick. It turned out in a highly creditable manner, especially if we consider the very short time that has elapsed since it received its new organization, and General Garrett has expressed his satisfaction in to-day's divisional orders. Apropos of land transport, I am struck by what appears agreat absurdity in our system as regards horses that are utterly useless and incurable. Owing to hard work, and, still more, to the original badness of the animals, I believe there is not a division of the Land Transport Corps that has not some score of horses in its sick lines-horses sick, not unto death, but assuredly beyond the possibility of recovery. There they stand, worthless and pitiable objects, and must not be shot, because they are Government property. 'Some of the best of them have eaten their heads off half-a-dozen times over since they last did a day's work. There are plenty of veterinary surgeons out here, land surely Boards might be formed of these to sit upon some of the unfortunate horses and mules, upon which nothing else is ever likely to sit or be carried, and to order the prompt execution of those which will never again be serviceable. Forage, before it reaches the Crimea, is dear enough to be worth economizing. At 3p.m. the thermometer outside my window -s5ood at 210 Fahrenheit, and the wind blewviolently from the north. Severe weather for transports coming up from the Bosphorus ! The remainder of the 1st Brigadeof the Third Division has gone down -to take up its new quarters. The following statement of the strength and distribution of the Russian army in the Crimeato- wards the end of January has reached me from a highly trustworthy source, and is likely to be correct in allimportant points. You will perceive that the divisions are set down at the regulation number of 9,600 men each. It is more than probable that this is considerably beyond their effective strength. In fact, we may be well assured that it is, although that ezective strength has not been ascertained. -Taking, however, the nom-inal strength, we get a total of 6T,000 infantry, 19,000 cavalry anld artillery, and 300 guns, divided as follows 3D Conrs D'ABMEX, cos3nrADED BY GxxNmAL SOUxHOZA?-ET. Seventh Division (Reserve).-Stationedontho Upper Belbek; 9,060 infantry and 36 guns; regiments of Smolensk, lIohiloff, Vitebsk, and Polook. Soventh Division (active), at Korales; same strength, same regiments. Eighth Division, on Mackenzie's plateau; same strength; regiments of Diebitz, Pultow.a, Kosemienscuk, Alexopolsk. Ninth Division, on the Inkermann Heights; same strength; regiments of Yeleck, Sievsk, Branskl and Eiivan. 4TH Cortrs_'AaamE, CoMnAwDED BY GEN-RAL OsTEN- SACKEN. Tenth Division, on the Katcha; 9,600 infantry and 36 guns; regiments of Ekaterinburg, Tobolsk, Tomsk, and Kolavanek. -Eleventh Division, on Mackenzie's Heights; same strength; regiments of Selenghiash, Yakutek, Okhotsk, and Xanschtka. Twelfth- Division, on the Jozoba; same strength; regimaents of Azoff, Dnieper, Ulraine, and Odess. Every regiment has four battalions of 690 men each, and Iof which one is a mfiUtiahbattalion. This gives 67,090 meno and 252 guns. Each fieldpieoe baa 15 men and 15 horses which gives in addition 3,780 men and 3,780 horses. The cavalry in the Crimes are about 15,000 sabres and lances, didributed as follows:- Light cavalry, ander Prince Radzivji, near Eupatori: Four regiments, each 600 horss .... 2,40D Horse Artillery Battery, 8 guns ... ... 10l Dragoons, under General Montresor, near Pere}cop :_ Three regiments, each 800 horses ... ... 2,400 Horse Artillery, 8 gus ... ... ... 104 Dragoons under General Wrangel:- 1st Regiment, near Eupatoria . ... 800 2d Regiment, Almuakennan . .. 800 3d Regiment, Kertch ... ... ... ... 800 Battery, 8 gans ... ...... ... 108 Ten Regiments of Don Coecks ... ... 6,000 Three Cossack batteries ... ... ... 324 Two regiments of Hussars at Simpheropol... 1,200 15,04 Two divisions of Grenadiers are supposed to be near Eupatoria. Also Black Sea Cossacks (Infantry) and f\ilitia at Arabat, ffa, &a. The distribution of the whole Russian army out of the Crimea has also been stated to me. 1st Corps d'Ame ... ... ... il. 2d ditto ... ... ... ... ... Nicholaie£ 5th ditto ... ... ... ... ... Ukraine. Gth ditto ... ... ... ... ... Nicholaieffi Guards and Grenadliers leow the two l divisions of the latter supposed to fth annrnthy be at Eupatoria, if they are there). , of the North. At Stavropol there are believed to be 22,000 men; at Kutais, 24,000, under Beboutoff; Mouravieff's army is estimated at 100,000 men. The sources from which these statistics are derived being within the Crimea, I am disposed to rely more upon that part of them which relates to the Crimean army than to the Russian army in general, and I doubt MIouravieff's having 100,000 men, although in that number are included all the Transcaucasian h gar,isons and troops, regular and irregular. This, Ehowver,. does not pretend to be more than an ap proximative estimate. Some of the troops stated to be at Nicholaieff are probably at Odessa. . FIB. 19, 9 A.BL Having, with no small difficulty, succeeded in thawing my ink, I am enabled to add a postscript to say that we have had one of the bitterest nights known this winter in; the Crimea. It is a bright sunny moning. About half an hour ago the thermometer stood at llW. It is now somewhat higher. Everything is frozen in the huts. MEMAL ORDIERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 16. No. 1. The following- officer has joined the Staff of this army.-Medical Staff-Purveyor's Clerk A. G. Woolaston,at Scutari, February 1L No. 2. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief hmsbeen pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of medical boards, to Lieutenant-Colonel Johnstone, C.B., 33d Regiment, to the 9th of April; MajorWolfe, 39th Regiment, to the 30th of April; on medical certificate, to LieutenantColonel Ingall, 62d Regiment, to the 29th of April; for the recovery of his health, to Surgeon Forteath, 1st Dragoons, to the 23d of March; on private affairs, to Major Frend, 55th Regiment, to the 15th of February; BrevetMajor Stuart Wortley, 1st Dragoon Guards, to the 29th of February; Captain the Hon. J. J. Bourke, 55th Regiment, to the 29th of February; lieutenant Robertson, 1st Dragoons, to the 21st of March; Surgeon Crosse, 11th Hussars, to the 14th of February ; pending his retirement from the service, to Lientenant-Colonel Watson, 14th Regiment, to the 20th of July; and, until his retirement from the service, to Captain Gosling, 13th Regiment. No. 3. All casks belonging to the Government 'vill be preserved for military purposes, and be delivered bacl;, as little damaged as possible, to the Commissariat officers of divisions, by whom they will be stacked, numbered, and guarded until sent for by order from head-quarters. No. 4. Lieutenant-ColonelMarriott,R.A.,having arrived, will take command of the Royal Artillery attached to the Fourth Division. No. 5. Lieutenant-Colonel St. John Browne, R.A., ll taLe command of the Royal Atillery attached to the First Division. No. 6. Lieutenant-Colonel Price, Royal Allery, having arrived, Wmill be attached as second in command to the companies of the siege train.. No. 7. Brevet-Major Reilly, R.A., Deputy-AssistautQuartermaster-General,will do duty withthe head-quarters, Royal Artillery, instead of the Siege Train Companies as heretofore, vice Lieutenant-Colonel the Hon. E. Gage, proraoted. No. S. Captain Hoyman, R.A., is appointed BrigadeMajor to the companies of the Siege Train, vice BrevetMajor Bolton, -who resigns. No. 9. Captain W lliamson, 48th Regiment, supernumerary of his rank with the service companies, will proceed to England to join the depot. No. 10. The following officers are appointed to act as a Comnmittee of Paymnstership to the 3d battalion, Land Transport Corps --Captain Henry, Lieutenant Edwvad, and Cornet Cain. No. 12. Leave of absence is granted to Lieutnant-Colonel MIunro, 39th Regiment, to the 30th of April; Captain Brown, 57th Regiment, to the 19th of February; on medical certficate, to Acting-Assistant-Surgeon H. Phillips, to the29th of February, to go to the Castle Hospital; and, atthe recommendation of a 'medical board, to Captain R Inglis, 15th Regiment, to the 20th of April, to proceed to Malta. No. 12. Sergeant Peter Fulham, 20th Regiment, is appointed a Deputy-Provost Marshal, vith pay at 4s. 9d, a-day, vice Colour-Sergeant Knight, 1st Battalion, Rife Brigade, from this date. By order, C. A. WI'rDHAM, Chief of t-he Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 17. No. L Captain St. John, 92d Highlanders, is appointed Aide-de-Camp to Brigadier General Warren, C.B., with the usual pay and allowances from the 14th of February, 1856. No. 2. Second Class Staff-Surgeon F. Reynolds -will take medical charge of the 2d Battalion of the Land Trausport Corps. No. 3. Corporal Bishop, 23d Regiment, is appointed instructor of musketry in the First Brigade, Light Division, vice Sergeant CoUings, 23d Regiment, returned to his duty from the 14th of February, 1856. No. 4. Ieave of absence is granted, on medical certificate, to Quartermaster W. Connell, 4th Regiment, to the 20th of March, 1856, to proceed to Scutari. No. 5. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Lieutenant Suttie, 3d Regiment. The principal medical officer will be pleased to give the necessary directions. By order, C.- A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quartees, Sebastopol, Feb. 18. No. 1. With reference to geneial order No. 2 of the 15th inst., General Sir Colin Campbell, G.C.B., -will take coin- mand of the position and the arrangements relating to movements of the troops in the plain and on -the hills east of Balaklava. The EighlandDivision'wllfompartDofthe Corps d&Arm6e under General Sir Co]n Campbell, and will report in all things direct to him. Brigadier-General War-ten, C.B., wi take command of the troops now at Balaklava. The 14th, 39th, S2d, and S9th Regiments 'will for the present be formed into an independent brigade under his orders. In all things relating to mnovements or positions Brigadier-General Warren wll refer to Sir Co]in Campbell, but, for the temporary convenience of the service, on account of the distance, returns and reports will be sent direct to head-quarters. No. 2. The Rev. Mr. Williams, Chaplain to the Forces. will proceed to Scutari, for duty at that station. No. 3. Sergeant John Denning, Royal Artillery, is ap- pointed clerk in the head-quarter-office, Royal Artillery, vice Sergeant Joseph Smith, wvith extra pay at is. 6d. per diem, dated February 16. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff.
LORD LUCAN AND THE CRIMEAN COIA!MISSION. LIord Liuean presents his compliments to the Editor of The Tinw.s. and is desirous of relieving him from all alarm, by assuring him that he has no interntion of availing hiimself of the astutenesa of anr counsel whvhatever; and that he does not anticipate any necessity for extraneous assistance in exposing Sir John M'WNern .nd Colonel Tulboch-nresent or absent, as shal be least disagreeible to them-or in tearing to pieces those parts of their precious repo# which are sr j posed to affect the cavalry, however attpported in 'Pmi Tines or elsewhere. Hikuavwer-iqu;r, zlareb 3&
DESPATCHES FROM T1Tb CR-T.EA,. (From the B3pplement tothe London 0ajz'Of FridAy, 2eb. 29-Monday, -ch-3.) WAR DEPARTMENT,- Xl£dn I Iord Pa nure has this day received -thou dempatches andan enclosure, of which the following are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General -Sir William Codrington, K.C.B. ; SEBAST6POI4 1FM My Lord,-I have the honour to acquaint yoor iordesp that a Russian force, estimated at abd 3,000 infantry and Comacks, appeated on mIhe mon. ing of the 12th in3t. on the ridge of eardoube , above the valley of Baidar, but retired aftr a short reconnassance. The French Engineers blew ulp, on the 12th inst. two port;ions of the aqueduet which formerly supplied the dockzs of Sevbastopol. - Some blasting experiments have been made onl the walls of the large barracks, near the dockyards and the mining is in progress. The weather for some days past has beern showig, the gradual approach of spring, and the health of the army continues exacellent. General Sir Co3in Campbell rejoined this army on the 14th i3nt. Ihave, Ac., W. J. CODRI2GTON, General Commanding. The Lord Paumure, &c. SEBASTOPOL, Fxu. 1°. My Lord,-The health of tke army remains good, and we have been enabled lately to continue bail practice and the assembling of regiments for exercie during the very favourable weather of the last ten days. On the evening of the 17th orders were given for the assembly of the whole infantry of the Englisi army in contiguous columns on the brow of the plateau, but fog and drizling rain in the night, turned to sleet in the morning, changed the-state of the ground and sent the thermometer down to 18 deg., and to 9 deg. Last night. The parade had been, of course, put off; but it would have shown to u all troops rendered efficient in health and strength by the care of the Governmcnt at home and by the exertions and superintendence of the officers commanding divisions, bxrig ades, and regiments. am quite sure that any of our allies inclined to be present would have bzeen glad to see the efficiency of part of the army which acts with them. To-day is a fine, clear day of a Canadian winter, thermometer at 14 deg., bitterly cold from thlie strong breeze; and, this change having come so suddenly, want of caution may very probably have produced some frostbites. We shall be enabled soon to add to the interest taken in the ball practice with that beautiful arm, the Enfield Rifle, by giving a few prizes, subscribed for among ourselves, to the best shots. Ihave, &jc., W. J. CODItINGTON, General Commanding. The Lord Panmure, &c. SEBASTOPOL, FBM. 19. My Lord,-I beg to enclose the weeldy report of Dr. HalL I have, &c., W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. The Lord Pamnnure, &c. (Enclosure.) Head-quarters, Camp near Sebastopol, Feb. 18. Sir,-I have the honour to enclose the weel;y state of sick. The sanitary condition of the army continues most satisfactory; indeed, it could scaeely be excelled; and the mortality at present is under that of the Household Cavalry in England, which is a body of men as well taken care of as any troops in the world. During the present weel; no casualty has taken place in either the Third, Light, or Highland Division. The First, Second, and Fourth Divisions have lost one man each, and four have died in the Artillery, maldng a total of seven, or a ratio of mortality of 0-01 per cent. to strength. Taking the last eight weeks, the ratio of mortality has only been at the rate of 154 per 1,000 per annum, which is considerably under tlhat of the Foot Guards when doing duty in London. The above calculations are exclusive- of the Land Transport Corps, and, excluding them this week, the admissions to strength have been 2-02 per cent.; sick to well, 4-36 per cent. Including the Land Transport, the admissions have been 2-21 per cent.; deaths, 0-02 per cent.; sickl to well, 456 per cent. Fevers and pulmomc affections are the most prevalent complaints; but diseases of the stomach and bowels have considerably decreased. There is an apparent icrease under the head of ophthWmia, but this has been o- casioned in pert by the transfer eof cases from their regimental hospitals n camp to the general hospital at the MIonastery. I have, E.~ JOB2N HAIL, Inspector-General of Hospitals. General Sir W. Codrington, Commanding in Chief.
THrE CORZ TRADE. MAFX-LA-ME, IONDAY AYEBTOON. MineCH S. Last week's arrivals were generally liberaL The expork were only 550 quarters of wheat, and 850 quarters or UAJ seed. The English supply of wheat vws 6,142 quarters, tfie fo:eign (about half from New York) amounted to 13,0M qrteru . There was a fair show of samples from the near counties this morning, with an exceedingl heavy state of trade, at a reduction of from 6s. to s. on samles, much being unsold. 3llllers were little inclined to take the fine granaried qualities at late rates, and there was no selling them unless at less money. Of country flour the quantity was fair-viz., 14,807 sacks withl,005barrels from New York, and 100 sacks from Antwerp. Every description underwent a reduction in price; towfn, of 3s. per sack; Norfolks, 3s. to 4s.; and American, ls. per barrel. The barleyarrival consisted of 7,446 qnarters of English, and 3,329 quarters from Denmark. Fine rnalting samples were ini request, and ls. dearer; other sorts found but a slow trade. The malt trade has been quiet and unchanged. Another liberal and varied supply of oats got up-viz 11,069 foreign, 7,960 from Ireland, 4,767 English, and 2,305 Scotch, in all 26,101 quarters. The state of demand not being equal to a ready clearance, lower prices were sabmitted to on all kinds, say Is. to Is. 6d. per quarter; business not even then being extensive. Of beans there was one cargo from Alexandria, say 2,910 quarters, the English supply in addition being 1,037 quarters. Peas feU very short, the whole being only 185 quarters of horme growith. Both beans and peas wrere difficult to quit, at ls. to 2sm. lower r-ates, small parcels for seed. excepted. There were only 300 quarters of linseed reported. Business was in retail at former rates, both for seed and cakes. The cloverseed trade increases in activity, at fully 2s. more money for red samples. Trefoil, firm. Tares, on an arrival of 243 quarters, sell but slowly. Brown mustardseed is lower-white well supplied. Hempseed, rapeseed, and other ldnds much as last quoted. Account of Corn arriveld in London fro Febrawy 25 to IfazakL GUBBBN'T PRICES OF BITISH GRAIN A'D LOWU IN Wheat-ee.dKentwbhite,new .. .. 58 t red, new .. 5-63 --63 Baley-Matin, new .3 Chevalier *..... .. .. .. . .. 3° - 41 DistIlling .. ..... .. .. .. . ..33- 35 29 -3 at- .orfolk,and Suffol: .. 6S-70 --76 l;ingston, Ware, and town-made es 3 - 70 --76 Bwe .. .. .. .. .. 6 *63 --- Cede-. Eugliahfeed °22-23 Pot - o t a t o .. .. .. .. .. . 23-2S ikotichfeed, new... .. .. .. .. 2-26 Ditt,od 28S-.2S IriEh feed, tWhitoe i3-2 S. ne-2 Ditto, black 19-21 _2_ BeOMazag.. -.. 3 Tickh .. .35 Harrow . 35-3B Pigeon .. ...... .. .. .. .... .. ..37-.41 Pem- Whmite bolees .. 40-44 Maple * 37-3S Giray.. * 34-35 Ton-msde, per sack of 2901b . 63-61 Households, town * 61 - 63 Ditto, country ..... . . . .. . - -51 Norfolk and Suffolp c es ip47. --4T FOR1IGN GRAIN. WfLet-Dantlc. mixed 81 to St high mnixed--~8rext-iS Kouipgberg .. 80-82 - --83 --54 Bostoc.ne..n 75-76 ina --78 --8S Ainerisn .white 78-SO red --- SJ-74 Pozuera., Meckb., andUckermk., so-81 81-84 Silegsn red ... . 768-78 White . -81 DanislHoIxte2la 67-70 7 -73 Odc St. Peters- h urg,.ltiga ... 8-70 .. fine 7- 74Barley- Grinding * 29 -.34 Distilling *.. .. . . . . . t35.: Ca0 Dutch, brew,ad rPolnds .. .. ..2-28 - Ditto,.feod . . . . .2i2 Danuish and Sweih feed .. . 2' S24 StraL2und * 23 235 StraUndpe ......... .. .. .. .. .. .. 73 Bests- Frieslaud and Hlolstein 37 -35 Kogapbeg . 37 - 38 Fall- ~~~~~3836 Finebolers . 47I4S Indian Con-White *. . 33 Yelow . .. 4 flour- ~Ifff4per sack . . 56 -5 can,sour.per .a .. 31 33 Dutto,swetet,ditt . 3i
MON"-HARTa&ndCOITY INTBlLErNOB,. Mfonday Evening. Owing to increased expectations that the Peace Conferences wil be hastened to a favourable ternimtion, together with the arrival of 460,0001. in spede from America and Australia, the English fuids opened this morning at an improvement of three-eighths per cent., and expelienced a further advance of an eighth before the close of business. Consols for money were first quoted 911'to j, and the fial prices were 914 to I for money and 91i to I for the 1Ith inst. The payment of the second 10 per cent. on the New Loan to-day influenced the demand for money, but it passed off without miconvenience. Consol Serip was last quoted 1, to § prenuum Bank Stook left off at 214 to 215; Reduced, 92 to t; New Three per Cents., 93; idia-bonds, 6s. to 2s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98 to i; and E:xchequer-bills (Marchl), 3s. to- Is, discount, (June) &. discount to Is. premium. There wsas increased animation in foreign securities, and business was negotiated in Turkish at a further improvement. The Six per Cents. advanced nearly one per cent., having been dealt in at 95g and i for money, and 95S, 96, 96k, and j for the account. Transactions took place in the Four per Cents. at 100, for the account. The general bargains comprised-Brazilian Five per Cents., 102k and 102; Cuba Seven per Cents. (Matanza and Sabanilla), 101; Danish Three per Cents., $&0; Ecuador, 5t; Mexican, for account, 20aPeruvian, for account, 80 and 79; Russian Five er Cents., 101X; Sardinian FRive per Cents, 90 and %; and Spanish New Deferred, for account, 23& The corn-market was extremely heavy this mornfDg at a decline of Gs. from the rates of this day week. The Paris Bourse opened this morning at an improvement of a half per cent., but the closing prices were almost exactly the same as those of Saturday, -namely, 72f. 45c. for money, and 73f. 25c. for the end of March. The continental exchanges continue with a favourabIe appearance, although the pressure for money at Paris is still very great. At Hamburg discount is rather easier at 5k per cent., and the rate on London has improved, bils being very scarce. In Holland, also, the quotations are very firm, and money is in good supply at 4 per cent. The value of the gold by the James Baines, from MVelbourne, appears to be 320,0001. It is uncertain when her letters will be delivered. Herdates are only eight days later than those received last week via :Panarna, and the fortnightly mail by which she was to be followed may now be considered overdue. The specie from New York to-day amounts to 140,0001. According to the advices on this occasion, the money-market exhibited continued signs of improvement, a further average advance of about 2 per cent. having taken place in the principal rail.way and other securities. Erie was quoted 59 ; Reading, 90; Panama, 105; and Illinois Central Bonds, 87j. The anxiety regarding the fate of the Pacific was intense, and, although a false report was current of a telegraphic message from Halifax, announcing that she had put back to Ireland, little hope of her safety seemed to be entertained. At the date of the departure of the Persia she was more than a fortnight overdue. Some small insurances are understood to have been effected on the Pacific to-day at the rate of 80 per cent. The value of the ship is about 120,0001., and she is said to have had a cargo of 700 tons of fnegoods. Happily, her numberofpassengers was smaller than usual, the total being 46, including six ladies and two children. The shipments of specie by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Euxine amount to 470,5981., of which 22,2001. is gold for Alexandria, Ceylon, and Hongkong; and 448,3981. silver for Bombay, Calcutta, Singapore, fongkong, Canton, and Shanghai. The prospectus has been issued of a provincial joint-stock bank, to be called the Bank of Wales, with a commencing capital of 100,0001. The head office will be at Wrexham. The number of shares will be 1,000 of 1001. each, half of which are stated to have been-subscribed by persons in the district. The prospectus has been issued of the Liverpool and Australian Navigation Company, with a capital of 400,0001., in 1001. shares. The company possess a charter ox incorporation, and their object is to establish a line of vessels chiefly characterized by speed as sailing ships, but with a sufficient amount of screw power to prevent detention from calms Euch as has just been experienced by the James Baines. 205,000J. of the capital has already been subscribed, and the company own the Great Britain and the Royal Charter, the latter of 2,720 tons, which is now on her way to Melbourne, having been built expressly for this service. The management at Liverpool is to be carried on by Messrs. Gibbs, Bright, and Co., at a remuneration based on the receipts of the company. An advertisement has appeared of a proposed lUnited Bank of London and Westminster, with a capital of 2,000,0001. It carries with it no sign of respectability, and even if it were accompanied by any known names the attempt to pirate the title of the London and Westminster Bank would be likely, apart from all other reasons, to deter the public from having anything to do with it. The accounts from the manufacturing towns for the past week showr great general steadiness in all. departments of trade. At Manchester the extent of business has been moderate, but stocks do not accumulate, and prices are consequently well maintained. The Birmingham advices describe no alteration either in the iron trade or the other occupations of the district. At N ottingham, although the animation has not been quite so great as in the previous week, an excellent business has been transacted, and the chief complaint is of a scarcity of hands. In the woollen-markets there has been firmness, with a tendency to improvement ; and in the Irish linen trade the transactions have been large at full prices, the demand for labour being greater than the supply. The commercial accounts from India by the overland mail to-day are of a varied character. At Calcutta, although the markets for British manufactures were inanimate, a diminution in the pressure for money.had created a tendency towards revival. I At Bombay the movement had been in an opposite direction, and, the rate of discount having advanced to 12percent., goods were unsaleable, except atheavy sacrifices. From the Chinese ports the advices are encouraging, a good demand having sprung up, which was expected to increase. The departures from the port of London for the Australian colonies during the past week have comprised five vessels-one to Port Phillip, one to Sydney, one to I'e Zealand, one to Moreton Bay, and onetoLaunceston-with an aggregate capacity of 2,670 tons. The rates of freight continue to exhibit heaviness. A service has been rendered to the commercial public, and to all persons desirous of obtaining a concise exposition of the principles and operation of the Bank Charter Act of Sir Rtobert Peel, by the republication, as a pamphlet, of the series of articles on Z7te C rrency QuAestio recently contributed to the &otsman, newspaper by Mr. George Combe.* Its great merit is that it supplies the want, constantly felt by many intelligeiat persons, or a concise and logical - statement to save them fromwadingthrough the mass of contradictory treatises daily poured forth upon the subject, aiid commonly supposed by modest inquirers to be profound in proportion as they arfe incomprehensible. No such work has hitherto been attainable. Lord Overstone, to rwhom Sir R. Peel was indebted for the philosophyupon which he acted, has expounded from time to tune the entire principles of the ystem, but his writings, together with those of Mfr. Norman, Colonel Torrens, and Sir Charles Wood, have appeared at intervals, as the necessity of the occasion demanded, and not in a collective form sO as to be available for the uninstructed reader desirous for thc first time of grasping the argument as a whole. lfr. Combe's pamphlet ful-' fils in this respect everything that could be required; and, to their surprise, it will show nany who have been deterred from the topic by regarding it as something only to be mastered by the experiene of a life, that it involves nothing but what may in half an hour be comprehended by any mind free from.the incurable hallucination that there is some method for Governments to create *at plEasure " a sufficient supply of the circulating medium." It will at the same time, until its broad and simple doctrines shall have been controverted, leave no excuse for those wvho may continue to trouble. the community with incessanteffisions on the matter, indicatinguothin except a unanimity of disagreebnent, and that the maze in which each struggling theorist is lost is an independent one of his own. creation. n - . . . . .lwu
RAiLWAY AND MINING SHABE& Moncdy Even% The railway-market was firm, and late in the ay there was a general tendency to improvement. The operations were on an increased scale, purchases having more freely taken place. Austraiian land and banking shares exhibited no great. alteration, but quotations were fairly supported. CanadanLand closed nominally at 128 to 133; and Crystal Palace, 2@ to i. Bank of Egypt shares improved to 1I to 2X pm.; Ottoman ]ank, i to S pm.; National Dscount Company, i 2is, to i pm.; West.Metropolitan Bank, 1 pm.; and Pernambuco Railway, i di:s. to par. .O?DnrArY 8HAIRE AND STOCKS.
TBADE REPOPT. Monday Evening TALLOW.-The price is 59s. on the st * 52 for April to June; 51s. 6L for the last three months. Annexed are the particulars of stocks and prices:- AIUIVAIS rOk TEa W=aK Russia . 550 Other places 183 TotalW 763 With regard to the general state of thetrade:lessrs Colchester and Woolner remark-' There has been a much better feeling in the tallow-market during the week, and prices for comnnon qualities have advanced fully 2s. per cwt., most of what was offering both at public sale and privately having been disposed of. There has also been a fair amount of business doing for contract, the market losing on Saturday finn in all positions. The letters from St. Petersburg still quote high prices, 142r. being paid for August delivery. To-day the market is steady at 59s. for March, 54s. for March and April, 52s. 9d. for May and June, Sls. 9d. to 52s. for Octeber to December ; Taganro, 52s. 6d. to 66s.; beef, Australian, 4Ss. 6d., sheep, 52s. 6z to 53s.; South American, 54s. 6d.; town tallow, 51s. net cash, but nothing offering."
METBOPOLITAN CATTLEtMARE:T, mamrc 3, The arrival of eattle and sheep into the Portof London from the con. tinent during the past week has been trifing. The Castom-house return shows an entry of 49 oxen and cows, 99 calves, and 17 sheep, aaking a total of 165 head. The stateot trase to-day wee again dull, notwithstanding the cold. new of the weather, and prices were again lower in some instanoes. There vas a good supply of beef asregards quantity, but the demand was inactive, and business proceeded very slowll; in many instances 3. 2d. per stone of 81b, wfas thegeneral price, and for only averychoce cond d4a Sd per stone be obtained. There were a goodmanybeasts )fsheeptberewasbynonnesns an over abundant upply, but the trade wrsgeuerally slower, especially for long wool sheep. n veal and pork there v.as a fair amount of business transacted at the quotatious given below. Comparative Statement of Pricesz and Supply of Cattle at Market. This dav. MoRday. March 3. 1856.
.NA ALD A i[ITARY INTBLLIGBNCE. It is rumoured in the fleet at Portsmouth that a review Lnd mock engement of the gunboat flotilla is likely to take place shortly in the presence of Her M.ajesty. The feet at Spithead shifted berths yesterday afternoon, to 2nake more room for other ships to join. The Griper and Herring gunboats, Lientenants Singer and Geneste, joined werday from the eastward. The Rodney, 92A Captain Wilson,-was taken out of dock yesterday and masted. The Hawke, 60, Captain Ommanney, is ordered to hold herself in readiness for sea. Captain the Hon. James R. Drummond, C.B., is appointed to succeed Captain G. T. Gordon as flag-captain to ViceAdmiral Sir George B. Seymour, K.C.B., G.C.H., Com. mander-in-Chief at Portsmouth. Captain Gordon has completed the required time for his flag on the active list. Her Majesty's ship Graapus, 50, sailing frigate, has been turnedl over to the Ordnauce authorities for a supplementary polvder depot at Portsmouth; and the Neptune, 120, will also be appropriated for similar service. -The screw steamship Sanspareil, 72, Captain A. C. Key, with the gunboats Skipjaclc, Sheldrake, Redwing, Iark, Magpie, and Badger, arrived in Portland Roads on Thursday evening last, forming the first portion of the divisions which rxe to rendezvousin those waters. .The following troops and horses were expected to arrive at Southampton lastnight to embark on board the Peninsular and Oriental Company's screw steamship Candia, transport No. 213 :-6 officers, 217 men, and 190 horses, formingthe D troop of the C battery, and remounts of the Royal Horse Artillery; ColonelHlyde,93dRegiment; LientenantRennie, 90th Regiment; Commander G. F. Burgess; Captains Rice, J. R. Griffith, J. E. Ibettson, and Tennessey, and 21 intermediate passengers. The General Screw Company's steamer Golden Fleece, transport No. 75, whicharrived at Southampton on Sunday morning from the Black Sea, has been ordered to be again 3nade ready for the transport service. There are now lying in the Southampton docks the following fine steamships-viz., Her Majesty's screw steam troop-ship Himalaya, 3,500 tons burden, 700-horse power. Itoyal West India Mail Company:-Orinoco (paddle), 2,901 tons burden, 800-horsepower; Great Western, 1,775 tons, 420 horse-power.; Avon, 2,069 tons, 450-horse power; ragdalena, 2,943 tons, 800-horsepower. Peninsular and Oriental Company -Pera (screw), 2,620 tons burden, 450-horse power; Candia, 2,200 tons, 450-horse power; hfanilla, 635 tons, 60-horse power; Indus (paddle), 1,700 tons, 450-horse power; Tagus, 800 tons, 280-horse power; Jiuxine, 1,200 tons, 400-horse power. General Screw Company :-Golden Fleece, 2,500tons, 3v0-horse power; Jason, 2,500 tons, 4C0-horse power; Queen of the South, Calcutta, and Hydaspes, 1,800 tons burden each and 300-horsepower; and the Argo, of 1,850 tons burden and 300-horse power. The combined tonnage of these first-class mail steamers amounts to the enormous aggregate of 34,593 tons and 6,160horse power. Besides these there are a few steamships of a smaller class. The Atrato, the second largest paddlevheel steamer afloat, may also be considered as among the ships assembled at one time at Southampton, as she only sailed from that port with the West India mails yesterday afternoon. Of this number there are engaged in the transport service the Orinoco, Great Western, Golden Fleece, Jason, Queen of the South, Calcutta, Argo, Hydaspes, and Candia. The Australian Government steam sloop Victoria, Captain Norman, will sail from Southampton direct for Mrelbourne this day. This vessel has been delayed three months in consequence of the screw requiring repair. The Victoria is fitted with' Maudsley's propeller. upon the differential patent gear principle, which gives the facility of altering the pitch of the screw while the vessel is being propelled ithrough the -water at the greatest speed. It is the intention of Captain Norman to sail as much as possible during the voyage, as he has provided himself with not more than nine days' coals, .ad will only avail of the steaming facilities of the vessel down channel and in calms. The Victoria is of 160-horse power, and is built to carry two 32-pound guns, 9 feet G in. in length, and weighing 56 cwt. each, and 6 32-pounders of 25 cwt. each, intermediate size. It is expected, from the large- amount of canvass which this vessel can spread, and her admirable sailing qualities, that the voyage to Melbourne Will be made in about 65 days. The Victoria will touch at Plymouth to tal;e a mail for the Australian colonies. The Amphion, 34 guns, screw steam figate, Captain Astley C. Key, C.B., is ordered to have her compasses adjusted, and to take in her ammunition, shell, &c. to-day, and be ready for immediate departure from Sheerness for Elsinore. The Retribution, 28 guns, paddlewheel steam frigate, Captain Thomas Fisher, hearing the flag of Rear-Admiral of the Blue, Robert L. 33aynes, C.B., having adjusted her compasses and completed her stores, ammunition, shell, &c., is now waiting orders for her departure from Sheerness. The Heron and Louisa gunboats, both of 60 horse-power (nominal) high pressure, carrying each two Lancaster long gums of large calibre, leftSheerness yesterdaymorningtojoin the gunboat squadron at Spithead. The Duck, Second Master Commander J. Veal, arrived at Sheerness yesterday morning from Portsmouth, having on board stores for the Cressy, which ship she passed in the night between Portsmouth and the Downs. The Duck proceeds for Chatham, and the stores for the Cressy will be imnediatelysent to Portsmouth. The Cressy, during her stay in the Downs, entered 150 volunteer seamen and boys, principally from service in the Margate, BRamsgate, Deal, andDoverluggers. They have all entered for general services. The Eurotas, 12-gun screw mortar ship, of 200-horse (nominal) power, is progressing in her fitment, an order having arrived for her to be ready for sea with all possible despatch. The artisans, engineers, &c., are all working extra time to complete her. The Esk, 21 guns, screw steam corvette, Captain Thomas T. Birch, has been paid off, each seaman receiving his full amount of pay. They are all transferred to the Waterloo flagship, with permission to volunteer for any ship in active service. Many have volunteered for their old ship. The Chesapeake, new 50 gun screw steam frigate, of 400 horse-power, now lying at Folly Point, is daily expected to be commissioned. The Mars, 80 guns, new screw 'stearmship, now in the fittiDa basin at Sheernesss, is ordered to be brought forward with all possible despatch to be commissioned. The Porcupine, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel of 132 horse-power, Lieutenant-Commander George M. Balfour, now m No. 3 dry dock, Sheexiess, refitting, is ordered to com.plete her refitting with all possible despatch t be ready for immediate service. The Manly and Drake mortar vessels have completed their refitting and have been put out of Sheerness basin nith orders to complete stores, &c., to.be ready for immediate departure The Cuckoo, 3 guns, paddIewheel steamvessel, Lieutenant-CommaTnder Augustus G. F. Murray; the Otter, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, of 120 horse-power, Lieutenant-Commander JohnHL Glover; andthe Locust, 3 guns, paddlewheel steamvessel, of 100 horse-power, LieutenantCommander, John B hesea, have all completed their refitment, and are ordered to be ready for immediate departure from Sheerness. Commander M'Donald having taken up his appointment as commander of Her Majesty's ship Perseverance has given over the duties of his department at Woolwich, as superitendent of the transport service, to Mr. J. Saunders, masterR:N-. The screw transport Norman, 'No. 155, Captain Vallins, 6-horse power, an 530 tons register, went down to Woolwich yesterday morning, from Deptford, to embark troo a for -the Crimea. The following Officers and men'of the Royal Horse Artiery are to be received on board, to-day:LAeutenant Booth and 1 surgeon, 1 farrier, 3 non-com2nissoned officers, 46 gunners and drivers, and 54 horses. A company of the Foot Artillery will likewise leave Woolwich to-day for Liverpool, where they will embark on board the transport Sarah Sands for the Crimea. The company will b under the command of Captain Mercer, wCaptain Grill, Lieutenant De Vismes, 1 surgeon, and 1 .veterir-ysurg'eou; andcnisso non-cominissioned officers, 60 privates, 3 artificers, and 104 horses. The Sapjpo, 12, CaptainFairfaxMoresby, took herdep3rture from lackstakes, in the Medway, yesterday nmorning, and proceeded to the Downs in charge of a Government pilot. The 'Wanderer screw steamnvessel, Captain J. P. Lace, fitting for sea at Chatham, is expected to be taken out of dock to-morrow, immediately after which she will proceed to sea. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty:- Lieutenant W. A. Smith, to the Sappho ; John Lyon, assistant-paymaster (secretarys clerk) to the Calcutta; Edward Foster, assistant paymaster (secretary's clerkl, to the Conwvay; Frederick F. MJiler, assistant paymaster (secretary's clerk), to the Edinburgh; Samuel G. Robison, clerk, to the Calcuttan Thec Royal Artillery now at Leeds barrackss, amounting to to 247 men,beides commsioned offieers, wvith 20 horses, -wil .eave Leeds this wreek, orders having been received for their enbarcation at Liverpool on Saturday next, for the Orders have been received at the depot of the 13th Light Dragoons, Dorchester Barrcks, for a detachment of 9) men a;:d horses to be in readiness for immediate service. Although the regiment suffered considerable losses in the Balaklava charge and during the Crimean campaign, recruiting has gone on so successfully that it is now considerablyaboveits strength, and the recruiting sergeants have received instructions to enlist for other regments. The detachments belonging to the 74th Highlanders and the 84th Regiinent, who ar to proceed to India to instruct the-troops stationed in the Madras presidesoy in the use of ihe Enfield rifle, will leave Chathain, this morning and eatbark on board the EArl of Hardwicke. Brevet-Major Jnstm 31'Carthy goes out in command of the detacbpnaet. Lieutenant Robert W. Ellis, 52d LIght Infantry, haa been ordered to proceed to Tilbury Fort to relieve Lieutenant ML :Fanr., 44th Regiment, who has been appoirted a captain 3n the Turksh Contingent.
,ZAW REPORT. COURT OF (flMA1,OCERY. TffNnTX'A-T'N_ MArATr R- Z(ORFOLK ESTUARY COMPANY V. EVANS. (BE ate LoEns JusTion OF An?xAI) After hearing the arguments in two other cases in the p3per, in one of which judgment was reserved, but neither of which contained points of general interest, the Court proceeded to hear thsapeal, from a decision of ViceChancellor Stuart, by which he held that the Estuary Com- pany had alien on the property possessed,bythe Eau| Brink Commissioners for the cests of the performance of' certain works remaining unpaid to the extent of 30,OOOg. The question seems to depend upon the construction of certain special acts of Parliament, the particular clauses of which were referred to in a former report, when the matter came before this court in the frst year of its creation. Mr. Malins and Mr. Surrage appear in supportof the order of the Court beloaw, and also for the plaintiffs as upon the hearing of the cause, which by arrangement is allowed to come before the Lords Justices Mir. Bacon and Mr. Busk are for the appellants and the defendants in the suit.
ROLTLS' COURT. CnANCERY-LAN 3LuRc 3. BUI.KELEY V. JONES. (Before the MASTER of the ROItS.I hr. K. ±',AIAER (with whom was Ar. U. 1lorgan) moved for an injunction in this case, on behalf of Sir Richard Bulkeley, of Baron-hill, Anglesey, to restrain the defendants, who are stated to be fishermen, from dredging for oysters on a certainyart of the bed of the Menai Straits, in the said county, which formerly belonged to the Priory of St. Ceriol, subsequently to the Crown, and lastlv to the plaintiff, in right of a grant to his ancestors by letters patent. From what was stated in support of the motion it would appear that the fishermen conceive they have just as much right to fish over the plaintiff's property as over any other part of the Straits, and itwas to undeceive themin this respect that an injunction was applied for. Although notice had been given to the defendants that the present appEcation would he made, no one appeared to opHe it,o angranted the injunction asked for, on the usual terms.
I VICE-CHANCELLORS' COlUlTS. MARMc COLEM%N V. FRASER. (Before Yice-C0xancellor Sir S. STUART.) lhis case, which was opened on Friday last, and has occupied the Court during a considerable portion of Saturday and to-day, arose on a suit for the specific performance of an agreement for the lease of a farm at Hawkesbury near Coventry. The farm had been advertised to be let by tender; the plaintiff had made a tender for it, and the questions were whether the plaintiffs tender bad been accepted, the defendant disputing his agent's authority to enter into a conclusive agreement, and also denying that any concluded agreement ha abeen entered into by the agent, even if he, had the power to enter into such an agreement. He also relied on the Statute of Frauds, denying that there was any agreement in writing. Mr. Malwis and Mr. De Gem were for the plaintiff; Mr. Bacon and Mr. Freeling for the defendant. The VICEn-CuACN:LxoR said that, according to the case of the plaintif, there was a clear parol agreement, independently of any subsequent approbation of the defendant. There was an unfortunate conflict of testimony on the question whether one of the terms of the agreement between the defendant's agent and the plaintiff was that it was to be subject to the defendant's approbation. If the question had to be decided, there were strong grounds for believing that the agent had authority to enter into a conclusive agreement; but the question was not of importance, as the casemight be disposed of independently of it. Supposing the contract to have been made subject to the defendant's approval, the right of withholding thatapproval fromthe act of his agent was one not to be trifled with, and the duty of the defendant if he disapproved of the agreement was to signify his disapproval at once. This had not been done. The defendant bad, soon after his arrival in England, seen the plaintiff on the Ulth of April, and had not then expressed to him any disapproval, biit allowed him to go on till the 16th of April (possession having been taken on the 26th of March), and it was not till the 20th of April that he unfortunately resolved to avail himself of the Statute of Frauds. It was not necessary to go through the painful task of entering into the confict of testimony as to whether a right to avoid the contract was reserved to the&defendant ornot; for evenif atwas the defendant had not taken the proper opportunity of exercising it. Theplaintiff was entitled to the decree which ho sought, and the defendant must pay the costs. (Before Fice-Causncello,- Sir W. P. WOom.) HND V. WHTrSEORE. Mr. WmLCOCx moved on behalf of the defendants in this cause that William Hind, the next friend of the plaintiff, Mrtha Hind, might give security for costs before the defendants should be obliged to answer the plaintiff's bill, and, further, that all proceedings in this suit might be stayed until the costs incurred by two of the defendants, as defendants in a former suit instituted against them and others by the plaintiff, Martha Hind, a married woman, by Henry Hind, her next friend, on the Uth of April, 1848, should have been paid. Shortly after replication hadbeen filed in the first suit in January, 1851, itwas discovered that HenryHind, the plaintiff's next friend, had died a pauper inmate of CamberweU workhouse. in July,1849. Upon the anpication of the defendants an order was made on the l7tVh of April, 1851, that the plaintiff should within 14 days amend her biU by inserting the name of a new next friend, or in default that her b;il should stand dismissed. No amendment had been made pursuant to this order, or any further step taken an the suit by the plaintiff. Considerabe costs had been incurred by the defendants, of which they had I been unable to obtain payment. The plaintiff had subse- uentlyfileda newbillbyWillianHind, the brotherof Hen7 22nd, as her next friend. It appeared that William Hind was working as a joumeyman currier; that his average earnings had not for the last seven or eight years exceeded 1s. a-week; that he had no money in the savings-bank, and had not been worth 101. at any one time during the last seven or eight years. It was also stated that the plaintiff by her present bill sought substantially the same relief as was asked in the former suit. It was contended, in support of the motion, that there was no authority which justified a married woman in thus harrassng parties without having a substantial person upon the record to answer for the costs, and that the defendants, .who were entitled to their costs in the former suit, ought not to be vexed with a second suit entailing further heavy expenses, which they would not be able to recover if the present motion were refused. Mr. ROLT and Mfr. HIsSAex also supported the motion. MEr. W. 1EARSON, for the plaintiff, resisted the motion, and contended that the Court could not inquire into the eircumstances of the next friend of a married woman. It had been long decided that the next friend of an infant need not be a person capable of giving security for costs; why, then, should thore be any additional disability imposed in the case of a married woman? The relief sought in the second suit was substantially different from that asked in the first, it being essential that the defendants moving, who were the assignees of her insolvent husband, should be retained upon the record. The Vxcx-CaAxcExnon (without calling for a reply) said that, independently of the special circumstances of this case, which were sufficient to have induced him to grant the motion, it must, as to the first portion, be allowed upon broader grounds. It hadbeen laid down by Sir john Leach, Lord St. Leonard's, and the present Lord Chancellor that the next friend of a married woman must be a person of substance, and able to give secuity for costs. On the other hand, the decision of Lord Langdale, followed by Lord Justice Knight Bruce when Lord Chancellor, was not in accordance with this view. He thought that the recent decision in the ful Court of Appeal, allowing a married woman to sule in fcrnd jyauperis, without a next friend, bore rather against tile plaintiff's contention. With respect to the case of an infant there was a distinction; a married woman selected her own next friend, which an infant could not do. This Court, too, was most anxious that the cases of infants should be brought tnder its notice, and exercised a right of seeing whether a suit was for the benefit of the infant. The suitof a marriedwoman, however, must go on, however vexatious or unlikely to be successfuL Ordinarily the plaintiff was liable topay in person by attachment and imprisonment, if unable to answer in purse, for his conduct in harassing parties without substantial grounds. No such remedy, however, was ;o be obtained against a married woman. She could sue in foJnn pauperis if she had no property under her own control; while if she had separate property to the amount of 1001. she would be able to choose a next friend, having herself the means of giving the security required, or she might apply to the Court. T e only possible grievance arising to a married woman would be in those cases where she had between 101. (above which amount she could not sue as a ]Puperl and 1001., and was unable to obtain a next friend. pon t e balance he should accede to the authority-of Lord St. Leonard's and the Lord Chancellor, and direct that all proceedings be stayed in the present suit until a sufficient next friend had been procured on further order. It would be going beyond the precedents, however, to grant the second portion of the motion, and he should not make a precedent for throwing any further difficulties in the way of a married woman's suit. g
COURT OF EAA UPTCY, BabghaUZ-stred, Marca2 3. :W RE J. C. WOOSTER. (Before i?:. C mmiesioner GTaTrrTnTm1 mne oankrupt was an upholsterer of Smithfield. This was the cerificate meeting. The assignees offered no opposition. Mr. L.%vBANCE supported. The banlaupt, it appeared, had been a preacher, and had left his business to the management of his wife, who involvedhim in liabilities to a large amount. His HoIoinU said the question was whether the Court would be justified in granting an imunediate certificate to a person who had neglected his business to go about preach. ing, as it appeared the bankrupt had done. He kept no books of account, and the prospects of the dividend were not encouraging. He might be an honest man, but it was his duty to those who trusted him to give more attention to his business. The certificate would be suspended two months from this date, and when granted to be of the second class.
EAdvertis6ment.1-Ollendorff's method of learning to Read, Writc, and speak a anguaae in sx months, adapted to the German, French, Italian, &M-1b the Editor of " The Timeg."-Sir,ra mn an3ious, through the medium of yourjournal, to informnthepublie that spurious editions of the above works are sold in- sereral- ountries oCIEurope, chiefly at Frankort and in the United States not only by "uch persons ac arc in the habit of imposing on the public, hut by book- who ought not, from theirposition, tobo parties to such atransiation. ThoIh I might Jusy complain of an attempt to robine of -1h fruit of 20yeam' labour, I more especiallyexre m indigntidna at the conteuts of small books in large print, fMU of errors and omlssionw being caled my-method. My ystem (adopteddby the Univerisit of Fance) Is publisheK in French atthe reduce eprice of 5f eachpart. It is sJo published in Eulish, at 17a. each part, by Whittaker and (O., and flulanand Co4 and each coply has i number and moy ggnature. When I asert that mywysye is a chain that mutst not lose -one linkthose who trust to the spurious volumnes alluded to must not wonder at findingthofr labour los,or thaitmyguarntee that the languae tsoto be lcarnt InsEiX mUon4hs h2asnot in the leastbeen fulfilled.-s have the honour to be, Sir,your obedient arvnt, H G. :s o Ph Dr,-261 bl, JRue do ichelieu, Paris, Feb. =9 OL856.JT
CENTRAL CRIImAL; COURT, Mfarca 3. The March session of the Central Criminal Court was opened this morning, by the Right Hon. David Salomons, L-ord Myor; the Right Hon. 3. A. S. Wortley, MP., the Recorder; Aldermen Sir~ G. Carroll, Bunter, Sir L. W. Carden, Sir H. huggeridge, Eagleton, and L;awrence 3Mr. Alderman and Sheriff Sennedy, Mr. Alderman and Sheriff W. A. Rose, 3fr. Under-Sheriff Stone, and Mr. Under-Sheriff J. A. Rose. The first edition of the calendar contains the names of 110 prisoners. * The RhcoORDEr, in charging the grand jury, said, that he regretted to have to inform' them that the calendar they had to deal with at the present session was one of the heaviest which in his experience of five years in this courthe hadever seen. He was sorry to say that it was not only heavy in point of numbers, but also with regard to the nature of the crimes charged in it, and particularly with regard to one class of crime--namely, that involving the destruction of human life. He regretted to find that there were no less than seven charges of wilful murder and man- laughter, and that there were five prisoners chirged with murder, and that the cases, involved the destrction of the lives of no less than nine human beings. lNotwithstandinthe aspect of the present calendar, however, he believed iA right be stated that, generally, throughout the country, crimes of violence to the person and offences of that class were not on the increase; and, indeed, there was reason to believe that the spread of education among the lower orders, and the general increase of civilization, bad tended to diminish such offences. He had before him a return of offences committed down to the year 1854, from which it appred that, although undoubtedly there was a considerable increase in the amount of crime that had been committed down to that period, yet the increase was mainly in cases of ordinary felony, of a trifling character, and the increase was quite accounted for by the increase in the population and the increased amount of property in the country, and also by the improved condition of the police. As regarded crimes of violence, sach as murder, manslaughter, attempts to murder, and other offences of that class, it appeared that during the same period there had been a diminution of such offences to the extent of 13 per cent. It seemed, however, that it was the same in the history of nations as of individnals, that there were certain periods of great calamities without any apparent traceable cause. During the last twelvemonths, after having for 40 years enjoyed the blessings of peace, they had been familiarized with all the horrors of war, and there was no doubt that during the same period the most heinous crimes had been committed by persons of high station, by persons also holding a high position in the commercial and banking community, and also by persons in a more humble position of life, and in this court there had certainly been a most unusual number of cases involving the destruction of human life. It was no part of his duty or that of the grand jury to enter into any considerati.on of the causes that had led to this state of things, nor whether it arose from any peculiar circumstances in the state of the country or of thelaw; but the subject was onethat was entitled to grave reflection, and it certainly ought to urge them aU to do everything in their power to extend education among the people, and to improve their condition, as the most effectual means for the prevention of crime. Although the cases to which he had alluded were of a very heinous character, yet it would not be necessary for him to detain them at any length by referrng to the facts connected with them, because none of them appeared to present any difficulties in point of law. The first case was that of a man named Bousfield, who was charged with the murder of his wife and three children. It appeared that the acts were all committed at the same time, and the prisoner gave himself up immediately afterwards, and admitted the offence; aud there were other circumstances that would appear to leave no doubt that it was by the hand of the prisoner that the dreadful deeds were committed. He could only say, therefore, that if the evidence came before them in the same shape as it appeared in the depositions, they would' have no alternative but to return four separate bills for murder against this prisoner. The next case of murder was one of an extremely painful nature,-an unfortunate woman being charged with the murder of her iUegitimate daughter - and it was not the ordinary case where the death was alleged to have taken place at the time of the delivery, but the deceased was a girl 11 or 12 years old, and she appeared to have been Put to death in the nighttime, in darkness, and by the hand of her mother. In this case, also, it appeared to ham that the grand jury would have no alternative but to return a true bil for wilful murder. Another woman was charged with the murder of two of her children by drowning them. It appeared that she had had three illegitimate children by different fathers and that she was on her way tojoin the father of the last child at the time the offence was committed. She was observed with the two children near a canal at Uxbridge, and she was next seen runnmg in a direction from the canal, and very soon afterwards the bodies of the two children were taken out of the water, quite dead. There were other circumstances that would tend to fix the act of throwing the children into the water upon the risoner, and lie was afraid that in this case also they wouid feel it to be their painful duty to find a true bill. Another woman, who appeared to be in a respectable position of life, was charged with the murder of her child, an infant sim weeks old, and in this case they would also no doubt be compelled to take the same course. A question would very probably arise as] to the state of mind of the prisoner at the time the act was committed, but with that thegrand jury had ilthing to do, and when the bill was found the question as to the conlition of theprisoner'smind wouldbe fully investigated by the petty jury. The remaining case of murder was a charge against a woman of having destroyed the life of an ille'itimate child at the moment of its birth. It appeared that the prisonar had got up in the night and gone into the garden of the house where she resided, for a particular purpose, and that the child was then born, and the material questions for the consideration of the grand jury in this case were, whether the death of the child was proved to be the result of violence, and, if so, whether that violence was proved to their satisfaction to have been wilfully committed by the prisoner; and, if these facts were rmade out, it would be their duty to find a true bill. Besides these charges of murder, there were two cases of manslaughter. The first was a charge against the mate of a vessel, and it appeared that he was accused of causing the death of a seaman by wanton and unnecessary violence. The occuTence appeared to have taken place near the TWestern Islands, a great distance at sea, and there did not appear to be any surgeon in the case, so that there might be some difficulty with regard to the cause of death. The grand jury were aware that a good deal more latitude was allowed tothe officers on board a ship in the use of necessary violence for the preservation of discipline than would be permitted on shore, and they must be satisfied that wanton and unnecessary violence had been used bythe party accused of an offence of this description, and that this violence was the cause of death, before they would be justified in finding a bill. The other case of manslaughter was rather a peculiar one. The person accused was charged with the manslaughter of a youth, and it appeared that originally, although the injury inflicted was of a very cruel kind, the matter was not considered serious, but that eventually the lad died of the injury, and the present charge was then preferred. It appeared that the parties were in the pit of a theatre, and that the lad was standing on a seat before the prisoner, and the latter pinched him on a delicate part of his person for the purpose of maldng him sit down. This was no doubt a very brtal act, but, although the lad felt a good deal of pain at the time, no serious results were anticipated. The surgeon who attended upon the deceased, however, appeared to express apositive opinion that the death was the result of the injury inflicted by the prisoner; and there Was no doubt that in law, although, of course, there did not appear to be the slightest ground for supposing that the person accused anticipated any such result from the act he committed, yet as that act was undoubtedly an illegal one in the first instance, if death was proved to be the consequence of it, he would be amenable to a charge of manslauhter, and the grand jury would be justified in finding a bil for that offence. The only remaining case to which he considered it necessary to allude was a charge of having attemptedto what was called "scuttle" aship. The vessel, it appeared, was a collier, and at the time of the occurrence she was lying in the river. The prisoner was the second engineeronbeard, andit was alleged that he had wilfully opened a cock that was.used tolet in water to the boiler, and the consequence was that as the tide rose the vessel was filledwithwatertothedepthof eight feet. The question in this case wouldbe whetherthe act was a wilful one, and if that was made out to their satisfaction, it would be their. dutyto find thebill. Thegrand jurythenretired. George Sandford Keymer, a respectable-looking person, surrendred to take his trial upon several indictments, charging him with embezzling considerable sums of money belonging to his employers. The prisoner pleaded " Not Guilty" to the whole of the charg-es. The first case proceeded with was a charge of embezzling three several sums of 181., 281., and 151. lOs. Mr. Parryconductedthe prosecution; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Ballantine. This case occupied the Court for a great many hours, and was not brought to a conclusion until past 6 o'clock. The facts, however, lay in a very narrow compass. The prosecutors of the indictmentwere Messrs. Chambers andEli- wao, wine merchants, Gresham-street; andit appeared that in 1850 the prisoner, who had formerly been n the service of Messrs. Whitbread, and who hadalarge conneon among the licensed victuallers of the metropolis, was introduced to them with a view to push their trade among the persons referred to, and an arrangement was come to between them, whereby, according to the statement of the prosecutors, the prisoner was to be paid a salary of 21. 10s. per week, or 101. a-month, and all his expenses, and he was to act as town traveller and collector. This arrangement would appear to have continued until the middle of the year 1853, when the prosecutors discovered that the prisoner was a defaulter to the amount of 4722., and headitted that he had embezzled money to that amount. It would appear that no criminal proceedings were takenbytheprosecutorsuponthisdiscovery,butthe amount was written off as a debt due from the pris6ner, and they drew two bills upon him for tho amount, and at the same time agreed to pay him in fature 301. a-month as saary, out of which lie was to pay his expenses. This arrangement continued until August of last year, when the defendant left the service of the prosecutors without giving them any, notice, and, upon an examination of the Vo.,s, it was found that other .sums, of money,besides the 4721., had been embezzled, or, at all events, not accounted for, and it was upon this discovery that the present proceedings were founded. It ap- peared, however, that although the discovery took place i August, no crininal proceeding was instituted until December. The prosecutors underwent a very long cre.s-exafiuinationby Mr. Ballantine, and from their answers, and from the manner in which the entries 'appeared in their books, it appeared to be pretty clearly established that their accounts with the prisoner had not been kept in a very satisfactory manner, and he seemed to have been charged a gTOSS sum at the end of every year, and the f'ouchers f'or tho difierent t rep'resented to have been- paid 'to him were stated to be destroyed. In also appeared that sortly after the prisoner left the service of the pro. secutor he sent to them~ to ask for a statement of the accounts between them,_ and the prosecutors subsequently supplied him with one, and on that statement they represented his deficiency to amount to 3001., but they adnutted that this was a mistake, and that the actual amount of his supposed defalcations was'only 1601. It likewise appeared that, although the prosecutors had undoubtedly commenced criminal proceedings'first, yet that about the same tine the prisoner had threatened to bring an action against them for slander in connexion with the charges they had made aast him. sIer, cotenM, in addressing the jury for the prisoner, contended thea there was no evidence to support the chargethat had beenm3nade against him, and that it was merey an after-thought on the part of the prosecutors, when they were threatened with an acti6n of slander. He also observed upon the fact of the prosecutors looking over the firs embezzlement and the delav they had permitted on the second occasion, and he urged that if there had really been any truth in the chage it was not ikely they would bave waited so many months before they preferred it. He then comnmented at considerable length upon the loose manner in which the books of the prosecutors had been kept, and said he was instrueted that no such arrangements as those referred to by them had ever been made by the prisoner, and the fact was that he was to have had one-Wialf of the profit of all the busiess he brought to the firm, and w ould never have thought of- accepting such a remuneration as lOL. per month; and, in rality he had not up to the present time received so. much money as he was entitled to. The RECORDEP. having summed up, The jury almost immediately returned a verdict of Not G21u14y. lMfr. BATLAxTThE inquired what course was intended to be taken with the other indictments. lis learned friend, Mr. Parry, he-observed, had left the court, but he thought the prosecutors would hardly think of going on with the other charges after the decision of thejury, as the facts connected with them were exactly the same. The ReCORDER said it appeared to him that it would be useless to procetd with them. It was not often that he expressed an opinion upon a case, but he must say that on the presert occasion he entirely concurred in the verdict of the jury. MIr. CWA.3BrsEs then said, that after what had fallen from his Lordship, he should decline proceeding with any of the other charges. Verdicts of Not Guilty were consequently taken, and the prisoner was ordered to be at once discharged from custody.
THE COMMISSATAT. TO TIEM EDITOB OF THE TDMES. Sir,-Iieutenant-General Sir De Lacy Evans, in his speech in the house last night upon 31r. Roebnck's motion, says, "Who was it, also, that caused fresh provisions to be sent .for along the various coasts of the Black Sea and the Bosphorus ?-why, the commissioners !" Sir De Lacy Evans has been misinformed; and, in justice to the department to which I have the honour to belong, I beg to inorm you, forthe future guidanoe of the LieutenantGeneral in his criticisms, that the depots now existing on the shores of the Black Sea and the Sea of Marmora existed, or were in course of formation, before the arrival of the commissioners in the Crimea. The comniissioners arTived in the Crimea on the 12th of March, 185a, and commenced examining on the 17th of that month. Commissaa-Generai Filder detached me on the 3d of La-chtoproceedto Samsoon andThermeh to makepurchases of cattle, forage, and vegetables. I did so, and entered into arrangements for a continued supply from those ports. An officer: was soon after stationed at the first-named port. Sinope had already been an established depot since January, Sizoboli likewise, Baltjik as well * Eupatoria we had already cleaned out. In fact, I can but sum up by saying that every depot or sbipping port now supplying us did so before the commissonersarnved inthe Crimea. We commissariat officers know how we were knocked about, and how constant were our chief's instructions to study well and bring to his notice the resources of the countrv; and it would be weil for us if we could muster courage to reply to some of the many direct and indirect shafts of ill-nature flown at us. I have the honour to be. Sir. vonr verv ATwRint. c+ ALEXANDER CROOQSEHA NK r s ISta nt4;ommisssary-General, Cava1ry Division. A vy and Navy Club, March 1.
COOTON.-GLAsGow, March 1.-Busiuess to a fair extent has been done in our cotton-market this week, at unchanged prices. Since Wednesday the demand has been slacker and prices a shade easier. There has been a good healthy demand for goods and yarns during the week, with firm prices. Iron.-There has been little fluctuation in the pig iron market during the past week, and, with one exception, the business each day 11as been limited, principally from aversion to sell exhibited by holders, who seem disposed to wsitthe result of the Conferences. There israther more xnquiryfor shipping parcel, but progress is much retarded by scarcity of freight. On the whole, the prospects *of the article for the next two months are favourable, and an advance in priee is rather than otherwise to be expcted. To-day mixed Nos. are quoted- 67s. cash buyers, but no sellers; No. 1 g.m.b., 69s.; No. 3, 66s. 6d.; Gartsherxie, 72s. 6&. CItYSTAL PA.OEcE.-ONE S T.G DAY, MIonday, March 3.-Admissions on payment, 1,196; ditto by season tickets,237. Total4visitors,1,433. [Advertisement.--"Boy's Own Mag azine," 2d., for March. contIns:-TheGeold Beetleatale, by IdgarrP 1usated by Birket Foster-Ancieut British hunte. by Thomxaso, Mus trated byPerteb-Lucien Boos a>rte ith prtrai t-Ls inars -tho Mtacicianlof Holykirk cnX5eteas-A Bhip's EigngDaria with sketch of a manf-orar-Mlore Mitse-Fact, inoind Phen rmena-Mathematlcel Qoaeti'onaAhi"Be-6O0 Msara."2d. montEl is meaFt carefeill edited, *nd is respcfllr comdndemlto the attention or aU parents and ~hea ef famlesg as publiation for youth whteh wil amuse writhout cormpting, informo without boring. London, 8.0O. lleetco. 18, Boutereec
POLICE. MAN?SION-HOrsE.-The LonD MAYOB requesied that' t'he press would acknowledge his receipt of 5s. inpostage stamps from " The Erring One." MARsIORoUGR-sTnEr.T.-Tames6ilson, a personhaving the appearance of a hawker, was charged -with the following daring outrage and robbery Henry Ruddell, assistant to Messrs. Lambert and Co., jeweUers, of Coventry-street, examined.-On Satuiday afternoon, a little before 5 o'cloc*, I ws attending on a. customer, with mv back to the window, - when I heard a smash immednately behind me. Thinking itwasone of the show dishes had fallen into the vindow, I did not take parti-,lar notice of the noise; but on hearing a second smash I tarned round and saw the prisoner, who was in the street, deliberately breaking the windows and helping himself to the gold and silver articles, some of which he threw upon the ground. I ran out in time to see the prisoner throw two chalices on the pavement, and, as he was deliberately helping himself to other articles, I arrested him and gave hi into custody. I said to the prisoner, " What can be your motive for committing an act of this Ind ?" but the prisoner' made me no reply. The value of the property picked up in the street, -winch consisted of gold and silver articles principally, is about 200L. The two goblets-nowv produced formned part of the property. James Taylor, police-constable C division, said he took the prisoner into custody, and found nothing upon him but a few needles, which appeared to be intende for sale.. The prisoner would not give any explanation of his conduct. The prisoner made no defence, and was fully committedL Cs?~REswxu..-E izabeth Webster, aged 24, a miserable looking woman, was charged, on her own confession, with having caused the death of Samuel Webster, her child, 11 months old. The particulars have aready been fully reported. One of the warders at the House of Detention was called, who stated that she had orders to watch the prisoner closely, and early Last week she, upon going her rounds, found her quite blackin the faceand nearly dead, she having taken off one of her garters and tied it tightly round her throat. She (w itness) believed that the prisoner 'when she attempted to commit suicide was suffering from an attack of dciiriwn trernens. The prisoner now said she was very sorry for 'what she had done, and added that she would leave off drinkdng. The prisonerwas discharged. TAa;s.-Wiiliam Cooke, a noted thief, who has been convicted and transported, and is supposed to be a ticket-ofleave man, was brought up on remand, charged with the commission of two robberies of a daring nature. Mr. Charles Porter, of No. 2, White Horse-terrace, Stepney, said he carried on the business of watchmaker and *eweller. On the 31st of December last, about 6 o'clock, Me was in the back of his shop, when he heard a smash, the wire tgard in front of his window was dragged away, two panes: of glass were broken, and five silver watches abstracted from the wfindowv beard. Thezobbery 'was effected in an instant, and, although a large number of people instantly collected, the thieves made their escape, and he never recovered his watches. In answer to questions by Mr. YAP DY, the prosecutor said that he had no doubt the person -who broke the two panes of glass cut his hand and arm, for there' was a good deal of blood about the window afterthe robbery was committed. Thomas Flimn, a cabinetmaker, said he kept a registered common lodging-house, No. 20, Flower and Dean-street, Spitalfields. The prisoner had been lodging in the house. On the evening of the 31st of December last the prisoner came home with his hand severely cut. Witness believed it was thezrighthand. Hewashed thewounded hand and took several pieces of glass from it. He asked the piis&ner how hehad cut his hand, and he repled that he had dashed it through a pane of glass at ajewelier's shop just past Stepney Old Church, and robbed the shop, but that he had only got one watch, whinchhe sold for SOs. Police-sergeant Henry Gillies, 52 A, said-the prisoner came out of Holloway Prison, 'where he had been confined one month for attempting to pick pockets on Christmas-day last. On the 26th alt., in consequence of information from the last witness, he 'went to No. I8, Flower andDean-street, and, knowing the prisoner was a desperate ruffan, he took precautions accordingly and preparedfor resistance. He found the prisoner in the company of four prostitutes, and secured him The prisoner, in defence, said,-I was at the Royal Standard Theatre on the night the robbery was committed. rIm as innocent as you are. Mr. YAD?LY.-You are committed for trial on this charge. Thomas Brown, a lad in the employ of Messrs. Hales and Roche, pawnbrokers and jewellers, of No. 1, Commercialroad-east, stated that on the morning of Monday, the 21st of January, he was in his employers' shop, and heard a smash. He looked and found a pane of glass broken, ard found two silverGenevawatcheshadbeen stolen. Theywereexposed for sale in the window. He went out and saw a man ranning, with a black cloth cap, flannel jacket, and corduroy trousers. The prisoner was about the size of that man, but he could not see his face. Thomas Fliinn was again called to sabstantiate the case against thepnisoner. Mr. YerneY conmmitted the prisoner for trial on the second charge. SOUIrnWARK.-Frederick Quennell was again examined on the charge of attempting to murder WlWliam unrsom, in the SurreyTheatre, on the night of Saturdayweek-last. Evidence in corroboration of the circumstances already stated w;as gven, and the prisoner was committed by Mr. A'BEcnnP for triaL. John Evans, Ann Savage, and Jane Evans were again examined on the char e of ing concerned in manufacturing a large quantity of counterfeit coin; also with having in their possession counterfeit halfcrowns, shiUings, sixpences, and fourpenny-pieces, and apparatus for making the same. Additional evidence 'was given, and the prisoners were committed for trial. Ia.%MErH.-Lncy Constable waS brought from St. Thomae's Hospital and placed at the bar on the following charge:- ,Mr. Lund, the superintendent of the 'P division of police, addiessifig MLr. Elliott, said the circumstances attending the charge against the young woman at the bar were of a some'what singular character. The prisoner, Lucy Constable, had beenfor some months in the service of a gentleman named Knott, residing in Sutherland-square, WIalworth, and on Sunday night 'week was left in charge of the house on the familygomngto church During theabsence of the fanuly the prisoner gave an alarm, andon assistance coming to her it was foud that she had a 'wound in her throat, and one also on the right hand, and these she said had been infficted by some thieves, 'who had got in and robbed the house. It 'was- found necessary to remove her to the hospital, and 'while there she had given different versions of the transaction, but at last disclosed the truth, that she had inDficted the 'wounds on her hand amd.throat herself. He (MXr. Luand) felt it to be his dityto place the whole of the circumstances jbefore SirRichard Mayne, and that gentleman directed that the prisoner should be brought up on a charge of cutting her throat with intent to destroy herself. Sergeant Samuel Cotpin stated that. from what he had heard on the night of Sunday, the 24th of last month, he went to the house of Mr. Knott, 15a, Sutherland-square, Walworth, at about S o'clock, and th'ere found the prisoner, who was bleeding from a wound on her throat, and was attended by a surgeon, 'who was dressing the wound at the time, and she was then taken to the hospital. On the following day he called at the hospital, and, seeing the prisoner, he asked her to give hinm some account of the occurrence. She said that after the family had gone to church she heard a ring at the bell, and,,on going up and taldng the chain off, the door flew open, and a'man who was standing on the steps threw a coat or something of the sort over her and at the same time struck her a violent blow on the side of the head. He then pushed her down before him to the bottom of the stairs, when he- gave her another violent blow on the other side of the head, which knocked her down, and she became insensible. When she recovered she saw a man standing opposite to her, and she called out, "Youvillain, you are murdering me." The man upon- this took a knife off the dresser, and came towardsher, and perceiving thathe wasaiminzablowathersheraised apher hand and he choppedit. Shethenputher ambeforehereyes, and she immediately felt the blood triclding down over her bosom, and she became insensible. She did not recollect anytfhing after until she found herself in a watereloset. She staggered from there as well as she could, and, setting to the front door, which she found shut, she opened it, and called out "M urder," and some gentleman came to her assistance. On the Tuesday he saw her again, when he asked her about some youngman she hadbeen seen speaking to before the robbery, but she positively denied speaking to any dne. On the Thursday he again saw her, and as soon as she saw him she co mmenced crying and said she was a very wicked girl, and would tell alL She then said she had seen the men he had been speaking to her about, and had made an appointment with one of them to caJl on her on the evening of the robbery. He called after the family had gone out, and rang the bell, and she let him in, and- asked him into the back parlour. He then asked her to dress and go out with him, and he remained in the back parlour Uwile she dressed: While in the back parlour he as-ed her if she could get a glass of wine, and she told him she could not, as the wine was locked up. He said it did not matter, as they should have one when they went out, and that he expected to meet his sister at the Elephant and Castle. They then left the house and went for a walk, and on reaching the Elephant and Castle remained there for some time, waiting for the young man's sister, but did not see her. They next proceeded to a public-house, where they had a glass of brandy and water, and the young man accompanied her to the end of the street, where they parted, with the intention that they should meet at 1 o'clock on the following day and spend the afternoon together. On going to unlock the door, she found it ajar, and on gomg in found that the house had been robbed. On discovering this she did not know what to do, but thought she would make up a story about thieves having ot into the house, and took up the knife and chopped her hand; but after this, not knowing how to face her iiaster or mistress after being so wicked, she took up the klife again, intending to ildl hersef, and inflicted the wound on her throat. The prisoner, who is a pretty girl, was remanded for a week. MAIiB WOMh- RPEvsoAY hNrEST I BRLL.-A bill, brought in by Messrs. Malis and Mulings, enacts that henceforth it shall be lawful for a manried woman to dispose of future or reversionary interests in anv personal estate whatever as fully and effectually as she could do if she were aferne 8oe, and torelease her rights to a settle; ment out of any personal estate in possession. Every deed executedby a married womanis to be acknowledged by her in thermner requiredbythe FinesandRecoveriesAct. The powers of disposition given bythisactwill not interfere with any other powers reserved to married ltdies independently of this act, nor 'wll they enable them to dispose of any iterest in a personal estate settled on them by any narriage agreement. The act extends not to Scotland.j
SHIP .NWB. T.rVVPWWIT. %F.- I Saled.-The steazersRattierandCintra, for iFsbon-the jyideat, for Wisma-. - - XL~~~ARCIE 2. Sane-The steamer Pelican, for Rotte dam-the Taire-a, for Lisbon. Arrived.-The Cambalu, from Shangha}-the Wasp. from Mobilethe Igner de Castro, from Lisbon-theLancaster and the Potor, from.New0Oreans-the Victoria. from Mobile-the Standard, from Savannah-the Se Belle. from Charleston-the Tam O'Shanter, from Rlio lrlhe-the iteamerB!zTnza, from the Clyde. Off tke Port.-The J. S. larsons from New Orleans-the Eir-go. Bragh, from Callso-the eg Mierrilee&-the Contest. Safled.-The Mayola, for Valparaiso-The Ithuriel, for P'ernambuco -the Gambia, for Toulon-the Wl1ham Charles. for Gibraltar-the lana, for Genoa-the Petersen, forWilmington-theasteamer Macga ret,for larre-the Endraght, for Gibraltar. L0olmmxs, March .-Wind at noon, N.N.E., moderate breeze and BRSIro, March3.-Wind. 31 light. Arrived.-The Minervafrom St. Micbael`-the Troubadour, from Liverpool-the Princess Boyal f-om Bideford. FALMoUTf. March L-Wind, BL Arrived off the port.-The Stag hound, from Terceira forLondon. Sailed.-The Wllhelmina, f3rBom. bay. "March 2.-Wind, . Sailed.-The Stadland, for London-the Isis, for Liverpool-the Drydens, for Belfaat. BnMrDIr;roo, March. 2.-The Beehire, of Hartlepool, vas Rbandoned Feb. 29th. after having been in collision with the steamer Leith, ofl,ndonwhicproceeded without serious.injury,. Crew saved., of London, whFch 29.-The Raren, from Caurdiff for Constantinople, which put in here on the 16th, leaky, andhad thrown part of her cargo overboard, is discharging to repair. Cols. Feb. 29.-The Sola, of Bilboa, from Hsv4nnah forfierpool. which struck on a rock in leaving Kenmare Biver, was towel rounnI hereyesterdayforrepairs. Hercargo willbedischarged. March L- The crew of the Io, from Athens for Galvwmy, which arrived at Queen!town Feb.17. refuse to proceed in the vssel, in consequence of tho heated state of the cargo, which has been surveyed, and wil be dis. charged. ErrrS1;c Feb. 19.-The steamer Falcon. from ConstanUtinole for Smyra, has been totally lost off Cape Varlkos, mear the Gulf of Raloni, on the south coast of this island. Crew saved. CALCUTLA, JaM. 23.-Information has beem received here that tae passengers and crew of the two missing boats of the Duke of Wellington, from London for this port, which foumdered near the Keeling dilands, Bay of Bengal, previous to the24th ot Deoember, have been picked up at Eea. andtaken, Captain Inglis in the longboat to Moulmein, andthe chief offlcer inl the cutter to Penang. MOB,ix. Feb. 12.-The Melissa, from the Clyde, which went aahoro on Sorm slan, JnA, asben buuttthe water's ed3ge. °NE Yrs Feb. 13.-The Britisbh srchooner Mary I Peavey, from Porto Eico for this part, wa^s spolken with on the 5th of Febraary, in lat. 39, long. 71. 50 days out, leaky, and trggto get into 'Vinegar Sound, by the Forres, arrived here, wrhich wias not able to render anr assistance. BA?4ro0nE,FPeb. 1.-TheLeanRacer, from Palermoforthisport, which wentonshore on C;PeHcnryonthenight ofthe 9thof Fe-bruary. liesin an eyposition isstight, with a probability of being get otf Half her cargo has been thrown overboard. By another aEcount, datedNlew Yorlr; Feb. 18, theLIeanEiacer was stliion shore on Cape Henry,full of water and ins oriticel aitusation. Steamtugs anilpuips had been ordered from the north for her relief. SAS Fmumcrco, Jan. 20.-The IsaboitaHrs,e from HIongi-on,gfor thisport. wras wrecked Jan. 12, at Half-moon-bay, 30 miSles EOUth of the heads. Master rid mat-e drowned. GR&VIEN, M-Amcs 2. Wlr Su suARr}E Aw-D Bsrrasu TzE}xorupL. (From Iloyd's.) Arrived.-The Wave, from Guernsey-the Blarbadian, from the Mauritius-the Alford, from Stettin-the na Dorothei, fromn MemeL MARIEC 3. .9 30Daax-Vind, N.E.; tide, past high water; fresh rindcloudy. Arived.-The steamer City of London, from Dun&irk-the :deer City of Haiburg, from Hamburg-the steamer Itavensbourne. from Antwerp-the steamer Thames, from Hamburgh-De Jonge Rentie, from Worcum. Salled.-The Wynand, for Hougkong. 1 p.ML-Wind, N.E.; tide, 4 hours' ebb; fr-esh and fe. No arrivals. o p.m.-Wind, N.E.; tide, nearly low water I cloudy. Arrived.-The steamer Magnet, from Amsterdam. 730pan.-Wind, N.E.; tide, 3 hours' dood; weather, fresh andi cloudy. Axrived.-The May, from Caen. Sailed.-Tme British Tar, for JamaicaL DEAL,, Mncu 3. jBw SuwmARLm aim BxrsrH TzrLzow.) (From TloyW&l 9 a..-VInd, N.E. by X., strong. Passed-The schooner Tar, from Swanea for London-the shooncr Edin, from Shields for Ilio Janeiro-Her Majesty's gunboaft Griper and Herring, frm theriver for Portsmouth. Noon.-Wbid, N.E by N., fresh PaFed.-The Zodiac, from London for Constantinople-the Mary Felker, from London for St. Michael's. 2 p.m.-VInd, N.E. bygN., fresh. Passed-ThelPersis, from London for Moreton-bay. 730 pm,-Wmd, N.E. by N., freslL Arrived and Passed.-The Ariadne and the WRiiam Ske(, from Shields for Constantinople-the Teesfora, from London for ]Iilbo&the Queen of the Wave, from Londor for Madras-the Bridemsaid, from London for Newport-the Lucy, from London for Barbadoes-the John 'Vicar, from London for Calcutta-the Sumner, from London 'for Madras-Her Majesty's ship Sappho, from Sheerness for P21ruouth. Visa SPOKxs Wn. The brig Scipio, bound S., Feb. 2. in lat. 37, long. 9. TheEquity,fromLiverpool for Boston,Feb. 27, inlat. i0l., long. 11 W. The Hargaretta, from Demerar for 'ivepwool, Feb. 20, in lat. 41 N., longb. 21 W. The I>ortitude, from the Clyde for Geelonbg Feb. 28, in lat. SIN., long. 9W. A bark (third distinguishing pennant 437), Jan. 10, in lat. 27N., long. 2. l. W The Challeger, fromCardiff, Feb4. &inlat. 18N., long. 3i. The Earl of Lonadrile, of Greenocl4 Feb. 27, inlat. 49NX., long. 11r. The Napoleon IlL, frPom Bgom°brayftoer Liverpool, Freb.29eo, ffinsle. HIGH WATER AT LON.DON-BRBDGE, TIS DAYZ. Morning .. .. 0 min. after 01 Afternoon .. 2 min. after 12
CuiPAzLE OBSTNAvy The treatment of a respectable youngwoman, who *as unjustly charged with passing bad money and dragged through the street5 as a thief, is fresh in recollection, and we have now before us in theMpolice reports a companion to it. mrs. G. and Ms. I. are seated next to each other in a Clapham omnibus. Pre-. sently MTrs. G. misses her gold watch, and forthwith she charges lErs. L. with stealing it. Mrs. inLaignantl deies. Mrs. G. persists in her charge, which is disbcliev by the other passengers. A policeman comes up, and Mrs. G. gives Mrs. H, in charge, and she is taken to the station. house, where, fortunately, there is an Inspector Rogers, possessed both of discernment and good feeling. He begs Ms G. first to make sure that she has been robbed before any further proceedings against MLs. H, and requests Mrs. G. to search her dress for the watch, as it mightbe inside her clothes. Mrs. G. declares that was im po~sile, asit was hoo?ed outside-hear dress, and sne flatly refuses to make any search. Upon Bogers urging her agsan, she pertly told him, "Perhaps he might wish to search himself." F ]inally, the inspector had to take the charge, but his persuasion of the innocence of Mrs. H. was so strong that he wou Ld not treat her as a suspected criminal, but placed her in a private room til she was bailed out at 71. o'clockat night. At 2 o'clock in the morning, when Ms. G. undressed, she found the watch where the inspector had recomamended her to search for it, in her dress. Of course Grs. G. is now full of regrets, for ugly consequencs occur to hsfor false imprisonment, and heavy daes. .r 131iot,pen releasing the falsely accusedladyfrc'm ier sureties, expressed a wish which has not a little surprised us, as he is one of our best magistrates. iXHe hoped, for. sooth, as the circumstance had occurred in perfect error the matter would not be carried further." We earnestly hope, on the contrary, that it will be carried furthbr, and we are glad to see that Mrs. E.'s attorney did not give any encouragement to the magistrate's officious hope. Tie error would havebeenunoerrorbuttfortheobstinacyof theaccuser, who would not give herself the trouble to search her dress before she caused the object of her hasty suspicion to be ap. prehended asatbief. Considerthecharacter of this obstinacy. What reluctauce there ought to have been to make such a charge while a possibility the most remote existed that it might be groundless I Would not any womau of ordinary good feeling have answered the inspector's entreaties to search her own person in some such words asthese .-" I do not know how it can be possible, but it can cost me nothing to make the search, while it will cost an innocent woman much to lie one munecemary moment under so infamous a suspicon." But no. Mrs. G., with cruel obstinacy, persisted i Ther accusation; she thought her neighbour so much more likely to be a thief than she was to be mistaken. A ning emple should be made of this case, and ladies of the positive Mhrs. G-. class should be taught the policy of more considerawte conduct. Imagine what the feeling-s of the innocent woman-must have been while her accuser was per. sisting inherfoul ehreand refusing totake the trouEl of ascertaining its falseEqdh Of excellent eflbctwere the remarks lord Campbell made upon the case of the false iccusation and indprisonment of the young lady chWed with passing bad- money, and the case before us does not less strongly call for legal redress and a judicial lesson.- Exauminer.
SALES BY AUCTION. Leasehold Estate, Brixton. Surrey. _WSSRS. NORTON, HOGGART, and TBIST beg advertised to take place at the MAart, on Friday next, in POSTPONED uatS Friday, 55th inst.-62, Old Broad-street. *Valuable Building Materials of Aberdeen Cottage, Balham, Surrey. * 1sjESSRS. NORTON, HOGGRT, anld TRIST .011 have receivei instructions from the Crystal Palace Ral Comp to offer for SALE, on the Premises, on Tuesday March U, at 12, in lots, wiithout the slightest reserve, the valuable BE2IDlNG MATERALUS of a spacious RE SIDENCE:, Offices, ha.. situate at Esilham, v;ithin a few doors of aBslhsns-hiLICb.apel,w;itis walls and other fences; consisting of superior brickwork, slated roofs, fooring boards, jois, girders, W elled doors, five mahogany water-closetsnearly new, mahogany wastnds aud fittings, excellent zinc bath and mahocany enclosure, gasfittings, French sashes, $ate-glass doors elegantly caiver atatuarymarble and other chPmley-peces,with appropriate stoves, lead isters,coprsVenetianand outside bLids,, pumps, tnd rnE the whole of the valuable fixtures, a lage quantity of York andp ebble mariety of useful materiaLs, in good condition. Catalogc~esmayhe had at the Ploughn Claphamn-cormx on, Castle, Tooting; preadEagl. Weandsaw orth; on the premites; and of Mesrs. Norton, coggart, and Trial, 62, Old Broad-street, Royal Exchange. 3No. 20, Russell-place. Ficmroy-square.-sofsehold Furnfiture, Orna- mental Items, China. Glass. PLate and Plated Artildes, tc. 'rESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CL A1Rb , and LYe Capiannox.UandpartremYovedrrotm the couhntry),ogsstheosemapes t 2a0 Rusell-place. Film-ny-square,en Thursday next, MfarcuS, at iprecisely, the HlOUSEHOLD FURNITURE: and EFFECTS; comprising rose. v ood and zebrawvood centre and card tables, rarqueterie occasional tables, dvenport. cheffoniers, sofas, chairs, chimney-glasses. Brussels carrels, a set of mahogany dimrug tables, a set of chairs covered in morocco. sideboard, easy chairs, suites of figured damask curtamns, car. pets, carvedoak bookcases, ebony and carved oa9k chairs bracket and French locks, afer pictes andrints, Oriental, Dresde, and other aboina,snd ornamental items Rahogany 4-poet bedsteads andhaegings. emahogany and birch French bedsteads, feather beds, mattresses, and beddis, wiardrobe, chests of draiers, choral glasses in maple frae and other bed chamber furniture; a fewt lots of plate and platedI goods, ehinI dinner, tea, and breakfast ervices gla , useful LYthen aersisites, and other effectst Mxbe viewoed the day prior and momrlUg of sale, CatalogUes to be had on the premises, and of M ess Farebrother, Clark, 12 d I,ye,s, Laucaster-place. Strand. Evtensive Sale of large Nan y Oak Timber, elm, Ash, and Beech, aLso about 15 acres of excellent Rouge Wood, &c,, standing en the PatU terell's Estate, near to Potter's-bar,-es,^ close to gOOd roads, and withinlt miles of a railw ay station. lJ[ESSRS. FAREBROTHIER CLARK, and LYFi 1 YJ. are instructed by the Executors of the late Colonel Sibthorp, bto SEALLbyUCTION tat theMLion Hotel, Hatfield, on Tuesslay, itarch 11, at 12 for 1 precisely, about 700 capital OAK TRIEES of large dimensions, w del e orthy the attention of Government contractors for naval purposes, about 300 fine elm. 200 ash of irst-rate quality, also eseera beech, walnut, and other tier tees, wttheir top, lop, and bark, together with ahout 15 acres of excellent rango wood (prinoipally ash) of about 2 iyear, dgroith. ThePseveralslots may be vieed on aPplicationto John Burr, at the iodge entrance to the estate, of whom whatrogues may bebad; catalogues also at the placr of sale; Sibthorpa Arms, Welbam-green: the Inn, at Wfater-end' Salisbury Arms, Barnet; the Peahen and Crab-tree, St. ABean's; W;ite Hart, thttertsbar; of Messrs. Tatham andProcter, soliitors, 10. New-square, Lincoln's-inn; at Garrav ay's; and at the offices of Messes. Farebrother, ClHrk, and Lse. Lancaster-place, Strand. Freehold.-Sninner-ceurt, nearly opposite Bishopegate t'hurch, 1uESSBS. WINSTanLEY are directed to SthL by AdiCTION, at the Mlarle TBIS DAY MsarCh 4, tnnr a. rowern a orWedeed,the REEH I,DlREhiISES forming Eunercort Bsopsae-ewe eosstree t and New-street, comorlisne a dwelling-house and work-sops, hich occupy a ontage wf alout 32 ft. by a denth of 101 ft. Possession may be had oncomnpleting the purchase. To be viewed by appling on the prem where pa ticulars may be obtaned. Particulars also of SIr. James Eowton, solicitor. Great James-street, Pedord-row, at the MSart; and of Mwessr. W stanley, iaternoster-row. Household Furniture, WYrought-iron Safe, Zc. RJFESSRS. FOSTER and SON are directed by the M isPinistrator of the late A To stethwayte. bsq.y to S - By AUCTION!, on the Premises, 17, William-street, Lowadea-squr atGrSwDAYy and To-morrow, Wednesday,yMarch,h, the nes sewFURtNITiJRE, including a polished oak suite of bookcases and tables for a Elibrary, 14 cabrniole chairs and a sofa fn morocco, extendimg dining tables 11 feet by 4 feet 6 iches, 7-feet mahogary buofet, three dinner uaggons,awrought-iron safe 6 feet by 3ifeel, table lnWe Copeland s china, cut glass, the fittings of sx bed rooms, -nged and plain wvardrobes, marble waehstands. and capital kitcen and bal efrects, Onf vew, and catalogues had onthePremises; and at,Mess,j Foster's ohfices, 54, Pall-mall. Cyrow-road.-T.o desirable long Ltaseholds, held at lov ground ESR. TABLINis instruScted to SELL byASLCTIO:N JLatGarrawatMs, on Monday. Mwarch 10, at 12 for 1, a snal bOUSEi, No. 9n windesor-ganeens, larrow-road;eontaining fiereoms, BEuNery, yard and garden; let at £22 per annum. Also No. 7, WoodUeld-road west, HBarrow-road, contaiiug seven rooms, wnorkshop, yard, Stc.: estimated to produce a rental of p a0. Particulars ofMJohn Prchards, Esq.nt2, LCharterhonde-sNotre; Geo. hamnd, Esq., 4, Trafalqnedsquare; at Gorraway's; gand of the auctioneer, Staniey-place, Pad- ho. I, Whitehali-lard.-Furniture and Effects of the ate W. T. 7liiESSRS. BROOKIS an BEAL, by order of thE A1 ExecutOrs, will SELL by AUiCTION, on the Premises, on WedVesday,s arch12,Endrfolloring day, at 12, the PAINelNtS, drawPgs. Oriental and French china, numerous artices of vert, busts, marble pedestal, photogrsaphi omachine, rifte and foweing icet, alt the household furabture of dining and drawing rooms, numerous bed rooms, nearly new carpets, ch ney glasses, sc., andbmcny usefulitems. iaybe viewsed by orderon the 0th Mdarch, and publicly on 11th anal mornings of sale, and catalogues had of the auctioneers, 209 Piccadilly, City of londcn.-Improved Rentals of £20 and £100 per annum. 1zJESSRcS. BAILEY and SON will SELL by AUJCi2EL_T1tON, at the MIarl, To-mor-owv, Uarch 5th, at12, in two lots, BE EIrrhEASEnof all thoseGextensive,light, and well-arranged BiSEnESS PREMISES, eligibly situate, No. 4, Huggin-lane, W aood. lstreet being inthe centre of the princia of the leeds, ranchester, Erad,ford, Coventry, cLicester, aud Nottingham warehouses, with im;mediate posseEsson of the ground floor, basement, endS other rooms (theflrstlToorandonewarehouse on the second foor being let off to searly tenantsat 15 Perannum)R; aLo leasehold remFsesnear there to, belugNo. 25, Gutter-lane, within one door of Gresham-street west, apresent yielduig a profit rent of £5ds i s.i pr annum.c Palticulars andconditions of sale may be sead at the Auction Mlart of William lurray, REq., ;no. rt. London-street, Fen'nureh-street; of n r. Graliam, oficlal assigaee, No. 25. Coleman-street; or oaf Mtesars. Paiey and Son,e42, Wlood-street, idty. Camden-road Villas.- Exce lent Mfodern HIossehold Furniture, 61- octave Piccolo Pianosorte, large Glasses, and Effects. 1]jrESS1RS. SPILLMA1' and SPENCE W;l1 SELL .011 by AUTCTION, on the Premises, 7, Rochester-square, CamdenvendVillas, To-morrow. March 5th, at 12, the ex=cellent fashionable HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE; comtprising Sanish mahogany fourpEst andArabian bedsteads and turnitures bedding, winged wardrobe, chests of drawers, marble-top washstands, dressing tabes and glasses, bed and table linen, mahogany pedestal sideboard, e.xtend- g dining tables, sets of mahognany ond rosewaood chair, couches andteasy chairs inUtrecht velvet endldamask, noble chimmey-glasces m handsome gilt frames, rosewood and walntOut leo, card, occasional, and -workc tables, elegant resewood winged chefibmlers with mairble slabs and plate glas, 6octave dune-tone piccolo pianoforte in rosewoodcase manterburies. whatnots, LargePrussels carpets. fendera, lire-irons, carved oakhball suite, misce'lassies, table china and glass, culinary articles, litchen furniture, and quantity of useful effects. On viewete day prior. Catalogwes edon thegpreises; of Bier,s, Nichols andClark, soliitors, 9, CGOokscoNut, incoln's-lah; end at the auctioneers' offices, 42 .BeUl-yard. Temnple-bar. bavistockd uare.dCapital Household FMrniture, rare China and Glass. fune original Paintings, a Service of about 600 or. of Plate, a smaUl Cellar of choice Winnes, and other Effects. GMESSne S. PEARSAo LLandeJORD NareinSt,UCted LL by the E ors U tenwill of the late Thoodore Gavaron Re., decessed,to SELL by AUCTIONT,ontvhe Premises, 27, Tasistocksquare, To-morrow. Mbarch 5th, and folowing day, at 12 forl, the f htiresexcellenthrO-SEhOLD FURNITURE and EFFECTS, comprsingo a suite of damask curtains with goit cernices complete for four t bndowsanoble chimney-glasses, and console tablencut glafs chandeolers, arosn drawng room suwte, wil g ioO, card, occnsional, and fanca tables, a long dinner and dessert service in duo Derby china, rare Pa- ian china vases, alabaster grouPssand hades, several valuable paintings, dBrussel, Turkey1 and other carpets, mahogany dining room suite, a pianoforte in manogeany ease, an eight-day bracket clock, about 600 en. df plate, mahoganv four-post and other bedsteads, hair and wsool mte- reses, prmec goose feather beds and bedding, mahogany winged and ether wardrobes, chests of drawers, washetands and fittings, toilet tables and glasses, fenders a nd fire-irons, china and gasIs, a small reantity of choice wine, culinary utensils, and numerous other iters. lay beriewed theday previous to and mornings of sale, and catalogues had on the prexises: and of the auctioneers, at their offices, 1, BerGsard-street. Russell-square. Household Furniture, handsome fag Mare, quiet in harness, four- -wheeled Phaeten writhhead, Patent Hall Stove wvith deseending flue, six-horse power Steam Plagine and Boiler, and other Effects,-By Messrs. HERON and SON, on the Premises. Cowley Tan-yard, near UM bndge, Mirddlese, on Friday, Mlatch14, at 1ifor12, by orderof a Gentleman retiring fronbusinesUy o r LL the Working Utensils of the Tannery; consist- ,Clngz of a capital six-hors e power steam-engine, with tublar boiler ef 10-horse powver, three-throw pump, bark milLs by Exsall and Co., and iruxamr,of Exeter, with cutters, four cast-iron striking beams, one iron roellng bed (east in one plate, one beech ditto, fleshing beams ta-n harrows, shoots, and all necessary implements of the trade; a strong narrowf wheel waggon, bark waggon. duag- end light carte, a torewithabout10zfeetlof iron piping, dryingshed for leather (timber andlate), 00 ft. long,andseveralcapital ladders,Aldeuey coain cal,rs few lots of furniture, consisting of handsome bookcase wvith gLared doors, mahoganydining roomtchairs,with hair seats, sideboard, sofa, damask curtains, Brugsela carpets, froor-loth, four-post bedsteads, horse-hair mattresses andtpaillasses, wardrobe;dairy utensils,Baker's patent mangle, and various otPer effects. slaynbe viewed the day before and r omningof sale, and catalogues had en the premises; at Leadenhall-market. and at Messr.s. Heron and Son's auction and estate oesice, Uxbrrdge. Middiesex. Glocester-are, n yde-ark-gardes.-Elegant modern Furniture, by Messrs. Glllowr. and small Cellar of choice Wines, about 50 dozens. XJrR.ARBER is instrceted to SELL by AUJCTION, .1 1oa Thuraday, Mliarch13. and follontg-day.eat12 for IPrecisey, the truly elegant anemedens FtheRITURoe, principally6by c easrGillow comprising a handsome Spanish mnahogany suite for dining room, con- atng of sidabosrd, sarcophagnus dining tables, two dinner xyaggons, 14 carsmnmorocco leather, lousging and easy do., curtains ms crimson velvet, and chimnecy-glass; in the librarY. c.aih oPen bookcases sod library tables, clocks, and pictures; in the drwing rooms, hand(sore W5lTet <oilecarpets, curtainsfor threc v,i,,dows in rich CrimeOnEsatin danal4walnnt suite in couches, sofas,casy and lousging chairs covered nsie, leo and occalsiculal tables, elegant inlaid cabinet with or- Ceseas wit chnzfriue,sprobd n ding,ward obes, chests oflelrawu, marble-top wassstands and fittings, dressdngg'asses, lcumayhe obtained fr.om thea*ictloneer. at 6d. each, athioliceg _ ,1, ou&setg, Bgkelyy.. . a- ,- XodemnPictures Engravings and Library. 1ESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON repetly iLLgie ntie hattjey wil SELL bv AUCTION, at hir r Roonm,. King-street.. fit .Tamen's-equare, To-morrow, Mach5h.a Burbank Lackendt P,olfe Wainwright Debruveler Linnig Shayer Wolstenolmco Hc ider Litr .drDee Wyburd. Proofs of the Art Union publications, and a small library. hefely illustrated works, in beautiul condition. May be viewed two days preced-. ing, and cwtalo-gmehad. TunoisefldTre Porcelain, formerly the ro of a nobleman. ESR.CHRISTIE and AMrrY aepetfull m ienotice, thtte i ELb AUCTION, a hi ra P-o.King-street, St. James's-square On ursday. March6,t e forery heproery f nbleancositg of beautifu dese and ea ervcesof urqoIs riandpater a d~emert service painted wit coveratins ftr Wtten, nd ervce pinted with birds and Handsome Decorative Furmnitre, ME SSRS. CHRISTIE and MIANSON give notice that they will SELL by AUCTION, at their great Rooms, 8, King-street. t. Jamnes's, on Thugrsday. -March 6, at I prciely, the following ATICLES of DECORATIVE FUNtU rKemoved from the mansion of a lady of fashion :-A. marie c lookin-glss 13 feet high, in splendid gilt carton pierre frame of very rich design; aP paro dsome old Italian carved and gilt candelabra, a handsome ofacvered1 with crimson silk- damask, a pair of beautiful or-moultt candelabra from the Aguado Collection, a fine Parisia or-moulo clock, a marble pedestal, French p-orcelain lasmps. Mfay be viewed two dayspreceding, and catalogues boad Mir. Wethered'e Tery choice Collection of Pictures and Works of Art. 1jESSRS. CHRISTIE and MIANSON respectfully .Lv& give notice that they will SELL by AUCTIONT, at -their great Rtoom, King-st, St. Jamee's-square Friday, Marrch7, and followingday, aLt 1 preisely, the very valuable an adirbly selected COLLECTION of PICTURES of the highest class, the works of distinguished English artists, from whose studies they were nearly all acquired by that wellknown amateur, William Wethiered, E-se., who is leav-ing his residence in the Regent's-park. In this very choice collection wil be found Zephyr and Aurora, one of the very finest poetical works of Etty, L.A.; Joan of Arc finding the Sword, one of the three celebrated galilery works ; the Greenwood Shade, the admired work- from Mir. Nicholson's collecti6n - Eurydice, a Girl Watering Flowers, an Israelite indeedl, the Warrior, Venus, Cupid, and Psyche, and several other beautiful works of Ettl, Rt.A., including three fine frescoes; three charming small examp es of Leslie, [R.A., namnely, the First Lesson, the Toilet, and a Roman Mother and Chld ; interior of St. Stephen's at Vienna, by ID. Roberts, H.A. ; the Siege of San Sebastian, a Freh Breeze, and an Italian Coast Scene by C. Stanficld,R.A. . Leith-hill, and a Boar Hunt, by. Linnell; two line Cattle Pieces, by T. S. Cooper, KR A. -Land. sae,by Le L.A., and MaUler; and Genoa, by.T. Hollanc. Also th hoice small Collection of cinique cenftoWorks of Art and Vertfl, a -fine ebony cabinet, china, bronzes, smnall service of plate, and a small cellar-of very fine wine. May be viewed three days preceding, and catalogues had. Sml UClection of Pictures and Omanmental Furniture. MESSSR-S. CHRISTIE ancl 3A-NSON respectfully giv noicetha thy wll ELLbyAUCTION, at their great YITRE,theprpery o agenlemn,and removed from the counry.The ictrescompisea Bor Hnt,by Snydersa; a Man's CurpionLe V.~ Dyck Drogaboo WilsonL The oramental furniture comprises some batflcbnt,tbe and chairs of marnueterie and buhi. and a dnn omadbdro suite in carved oak and walnut. May be viewdtody preceding and catalogues had. The beautiful Work-s in Enamel of teleH..Bone, Esq. MESS CHRISTIE an MASASON respect- flygie notice that they will SL by AUCTION, at their getRo.King-street, St. Jamee's-square, on Thursday, March 13, and followng day, at 1 preziely. by order of the Executors, the whole of the EMING WORKS of that unrivalled artist in enamel, H. P. Bone, REq., deceased. This beautiful collection, consisting of upwards of 200 of Mr. Eone'sflnest works, wil be the last opportunity of acqiuiring his unequalled works direct from the family. It comprises interestig historical portraits fromn the reign; orbenryu VIII. to Vi torin, from the most authentic sources, andsoebatflanysjqects,several of the enamels being of the most importanutsize. may be viewed two days preceding, and catalogues bad. A Portion of the Collection of the late Chambers Hall, q MiESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANSON respetul enames,) smal asemblge ofWORS of RT. romtcollection Pictures. MESSRS.. CHRISTIE and INANSON respectfully give notice, that they will SELL by AUCTION, at-tsir groat Rtoom; KCing-street, St. Jamnes's-square. on Siatirday, March15, atij precisely, an assemblage of PICTURES, by Italian, Flemish, Dutch, French, and English masters, including au Interior,- a caPital work of Rembrandt ; a Forirait. by Sir J. Reynolds; and several capital Lands-capes by Zuccarelli ; also a few Pictures, the Property of a nobleman, received from the oountry; and pleasig specimnens of the different schools. Maybe viewed two dayspr~ecedfing,and catalogueshbad Tong Castle hoeie Mi1ESSRS. CHRISTIE an V Sn rspectfully JV.give notice, that the estate having been dispsed of.,he have received instructions from the proprietor to SELL by AUCTON, at the Castle, on Thursday. Mfarch 27, and following days. the whole of the valuiable CONTENTS of TONG CASTLF, near Shiffinal coin~giigthe wel-known extensive and important -gallery of Pictures by talban, Spanish, Flemish, and Dutch masters, all in the genuine state in which they haeve existed for a century in the castle the furniture includes cabinets and commaodes of line old buhl and tortoiseaboell, chimney and gler glasses,fine carved pier tables with rare marble slabs a set of beautiful ebony chairs, said to have belonged to Rubens, the well-known Duke of Kingston's punch bowl, drawing room suites in the handsome and miassive style of the last century; also afew fine marblesandbronzez. asmalllibraryof books-,andnumaerous othereffecta. -Notice-respecting-the View aind issue of catalogues will be duly given. Service of Pinto of a Gentleman deceased. MESSRS.CHIRISTIE and MAlSON respectfully give notice that they will SELL by AUCTION, at tfieir great Roomn, ing-street, St. James's-square. on Wednesday, AprIl 2, at 1 gre6isely. by order of Executors a small SERVICE of SILVERt and ILVER-GILT PI,A TE, some china, and a few pictures the propertyv of a gentleman deceased; consisting of handsome soup tureen and aide dishes andcovers waiters. butter-boats, a tea service, forks and spoons, and a very handsome dessert and tea service and candlesticks Of silver gilt. May be viewed two days preceding, and catalogues had A Collection of maodemn Pictures and Drawings. MSSRS. CHR-ISTIE a.nd MANSON respectfully gi.ve notice, that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at their great -Room-, King-streek. St. Jameses-square, on Wednesday, April 2, at 1 precisely, the choice COLLECTIONof modlem ENGLISH PICTURES and WATER-COLOUR DRAWINGS, mostly of cabinet ~size, the property of a gentleman received from the country; comprisng about 11rorks, of good qualiy and agreeable character, by the following favourite artists:- Branwhite C. Fielding Plercy Solomon Bright Tcspp Proot Vickers Clint Gilbertb Pickersgil J. Wilson Danby Harding ryne 'Wiglield Duffield Harper- Rowbotham Woolmoer Earl - Hollanid Richardson Zeitter. Maybe viewed two days preceding and catalogues had. Small Collection of Works of Art and Vertil, received from France 1UESSRS. CHRISTIE and MA NSON respectfully iVL~: notice, that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at their great Room, I g-street. St. James's-square, on Friday, Apri 4, at I precisely, a siall collection of WORKS of AlI anIETU, the property of agentleinan receired from Ftrance; comprising fine old pate tendre'Sdy-res DresAn, Chantilly, and Due do Vilerois porcelain; oldmaruetrieandbub, sme ntiuerings, and a Pair of noble broce ad O-usols andlaba. My b viwedtwo days preceding, - A very choice Collection of Pictures. XfSSRS. CHLRISTIE and MA-NSONW respectfully £L gientice that they wil SEIJL by A'UCTION. at their great Room, King-street St James's, on Saturday, April25, at 1 precisely, very valuable COIZLECTION 'of about 70 choice PICTUES= b Italian, Flemish.,Dutch, and French masters,the property of agentle-man of well4lcown taste and judgment, comprising La Carita, a very grand work of A. del Slato' MAars and Venus in a landscape, by Georgione ; St. Agatha. byL, (laraccs ; a grand Classical Landscape, by Domenichiuso; Jacob Placing the Rods in the Troughs, and Jesun Annoiincing to the Virgin her Future Sorrows, by A- Cano; the Holy Famifly, by Pacheco ; St. John, and a View of the Prado at Madi-d, two fine exam p le of Velasquez ; a very elepat Portrait ofalandyby Vandyke ; a beutiful Sea. View, by ClaudLe; famnan and Esthery an admirable work by Rembrandt; a landscape with horses a brilliant workc of Cuyp ; a beautiful cabinet Landscape, by Elsheimer from Mr. Anderdoe's collection; a grand Seaport, by Lingelbach ; a fine Sea Piece, by W. Vau der Velds, exhibited in the British Inistitution ; a grand Landscape, a chef-d'oeuvre by Moucheron; and an Italian Scene, by Rt. Wijlson. and maniy other choice and beautiful works, May be viewed two days preceding, and c-atalogues had. -W The late Colonel Sibthorp's imnportn Clection. iIrSSRS. CHRISTIE and MIANSON respectfully venotice. that they wil SELL by AUCTION, at their ge Room, NIn--strest, St. Jamnes's-square, on Wednesday, A]V 9, n eight following days at I oclock preciely, by order of the ecutors the whole of the very iunortant and extensive COLLECTON of WORKSE of ART and VERTU of Colonel Sibthorp, ALP., deceased, This celebrated collection comprises very choice specimiens of Oriental, Dresden, Uvreas, Berlin, Chelsea, and Worcester porcelain, 350 exquisite and important carvings in ivory and weed, a very choice cabinet of cinque-cento ornamental silver of Italian, German, and Engisgh work, modem sctuitre and bronzes, works of Byzantine and mediseval art, majiolica an Paissy ware. IAmoges and other enamels, miniatures, Venetian and German glass, snuff-boxes clocks and watches, a the colectionsof Simwerry-hil, DukeOf Sussex' thePrincess Sopha's Stws.Sir . Skes, Brnas, -ollkin', rs.Russ-ell's, and othe ceebrtedcabnet. D e noiceof he iewwil begiven. Th olcinof the late Samuel Rogers E5sq. ~4TSRS. CHRSTIE and 1VANSON respectfully IYJ. ivenoice tattheyhave recivedimstructionsfrom the Executorsto SLL b AUCION,at their great Room, King-street, St. Jame's-quae, n Mnda, Aril28, and following days, the very celerate COLECTON,so wel known in the world, part the pro-Pertof Samuel Rogers, aqdeceased; comprising tlse whole or the chie collection of picues (with the exception of the three fine work beqeathd tothe atio,) te e tenieasmlaeo r vasesof te higest ualit, aniques~ moem mrblsadbozs MEgptinSreek andRImnatqiiSon, h aubelbayo JY give noUtce that they will SEL by AUCTION, at th luM asor on Tuesday, May 13 and following days, by order of theExecutor. the very choice and valuable CO'TENTS of I'ygo-park, near Romford, the propertY and late residence of Robert Field, Eq., deceased e omprising the whole of the very coslyaid beautful furiture, the greater port recentlysupplied by e3sL , orant andBoyd, degned with their well-known refined taste, toeether with manY fine cabinet commodes, and tables of old Italian an French hbu and marqueterie, the very valuable and extensive colecton of Sivres, Dresden, Oriental, and otherporcelain, Ilillan and rench bronzes and snajolles, the first portion of the eellar of very fine wise, china, glass linen, and numeroue effects-everything througout the house being in the best taste, and in beautiful condition. Acecoud sale, in London, in the earlypart of June, ,ill include the remaining portien of the very choice wine, the beaut ful assemblage of ancient ard modm silver and silver-gilt plate, the choice collection of very Dne Dutch pictures, and the cabinet of agates, crystals. German andruby glass, carvings in ivory andwood, and rare muff-boxes. Duenotice of the daysofview at E'rgowillbe given. The very important Collection of the late Thomas Emmerson, EsQ. 'MESSRS. CHRISTIE and MSON respectfully M3ive notice that-tbeywill SELL by AUCTION, at their reat oom, Kind-street, St. James's-square, on Tuesday, Mhay20, anct followiWg days, at 1 Precisely, by order of the Executors, the vhole of the very valuable and extensve COLLECTION of PICTUXESand other WORKS of ART of that well-known judge of art, Thomas Emmeron, Esq., deceased. The collection of pictures, which will occupy 3 days' sale, includes numerois capital works of the great mastersin the Italian, Spanish, Flemish, Dutch, and French schools, manyof them of the highest cass; a very choice cabinet of antique and modern engraved gems, comprisng camei and intag1ie of exquisite work, a fine assemblage of Italian and French bronzes, Oriental, Dresden, and fidvrea porcelain, a very fine ebony cabinet and emaller cabinets, and tables of marqueterie, buh, and ivory; fins French clocks, and many other obiects of vein;, also a small choice library of book, chiefly relating to art, books of prints and engravings. Maybe viewed threedy preceding, and catalogues had. - stam, ACabinet of Pictuesof thehighestclass;. - MESSRS. CHRISTIE and M SON-respectfuL T a give notice, that they wll SELL by AUCTIOXjut their t Room, King-street, St. James's. orn Monday, June 2 -at I Pr eryc hoice and valuable COILECTION of about 5tiPICTUES of ligh excellence, formed about the beginning of this century by a gentleman deceased. and, removed from the mansion in the country, in whichtheyhavehungforthe last 40 years. This beautiful little collection comprises, in the Italian school, the Six Saints-of Bologna. and -Heroslias, two beautiful wortsofGuido; the HolyiFamilyby Georgionea fine portrait of Doge Priuli -by Titian; the Virgin and Child, by L. -Carracci, from-the ColonnaPalace; the Holy Family, by Guercino.and fine examples, of A. del tarte, Tintoretto. and other great maxsters. In the Flemish and Dutch Echools, the Castle of Bentheim, awell. l:nown chef-4'oauvre of Ruysdael, painted for Couatentheim;rTeniera' Chateau, ^supcrh wvork of Teniers;a very fine Sea Piece, by W. Vaau de Velde- an exquisite work of iVan eer Heyden and A. V. de Vedde-; and ery choice works of Cuyp, Rubens, Wouvernsms, K dus Jarin, P MIns,P.Neee, . tee, nd ay other favostt maser. My e iewd hre dysprcedng ad C*W09v0 Iitllc Nos. 1 and 2, Green Man-lane, lingtou, clos to Scuth-plae.-Bmal Leasehold Property forinvestment. lWi. ROBINS Will SELL by AUCTION at -the ,LV.JL Mr onThursday. March 13,'at 12, in one lot, asnallLEASEHOLD PROP ERTY; comprising Nos. l and2. Green Man-lane. Ilington, andclose to South-place, onebeingashop, let torespectable tenants, at rents producing £40 a yr, and held for 73 years unexpired. at a ground rent of ;bS a ear. May be viewed, und particulars had at the Angel,ingtou;of Mr. Jerwood, olidtor, Ely-plaoe; at the art; and at Mr. Robina's ojffes, Covent-garden. Toe Prnuoe's Head, 2.- Buckinbu-street, Etra;nd-An Improved tentof £4 ayesr, diear for 2year withareversionaryterm of37 _years, rhen apremium or a much laer reutal may be relied u n, nljFR. ROBINS is instructea to SELL by A1)- .IYL TIOIT, at the Ma, on Thursday, March 13, at 12, an IMPROVED RENT of £49 a year, mnost amply scured for 27 yea, a premium having been paid for the present lease, of the Prince's Head, a licensed free public-;house, 2, Buckldgham-street, 8trand, a substantial house, contai'inE vcy good accommnodation for the business, w;ith a further term of 37 year for which a large preumium or an increased rental may be relied npon, The property is held for an unexpired ter of 64 years, at a ground rent of £ a ear, and the present rent payable bythe tenant being £22 ayear cear. Particulars may be bad on the premiacs * of 31essrs. Roy and Csrtwright, solicitors, Lothbry; at the Auction ?,st; and at Mr. Robins's offices, Covent-garden. Valuable improved Ground Rent of £306 13 per annum, arising from the important Premises occupied by Messas Piper, the eminent builders, at Stangate, Lambeth, with extensive river frontage. t/rR. ROBINS is instructed to.SELL by AUCTION, , . at the Mart, on Thursday March 13, at 12, in one lot, the valuable GROUND LEASE, held unAerthe see of Canterbury ata nominal 69 years being unexpired, produdng an improved ground rent of 13s. a year, secured upon the extensive, important, and substantial premises forming the workshops of Messrs Piper, the well-Imown erst at Sitangate, Lunbeth, with frontage to Palace New-road, immediateyopposite the Housesof Parliament, having avaluable froutage to the river, with wharfage; the estimated annual value of the entire premisesbeing£750- presenting a mosteligible and solid investment. l a3rs hground plan, wilbc ready 28 days prior, and may be had at the Mitre, ;tangate;ot Messrs. Ford and Son, solicitors, Henrietta-street, Covent-garden; at the Mart; and at.r oobi'offices, Covent-garden. £63 a year Profit Rent, arising from Ko. 14, King-street, Portinan- square, let on lease, and, held under Lord Portman, at a ground rent of £2 only per annum. M,FR. ROBINS has received instructions to SELL ITt by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday. Ari 10, at 12, an eligible LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, Fituate No. 14, King-street. Portman-square, let to a higly respectable tenant on lease, at a rentof £65 a year, and held direct from Lord Portmau for a term of which -years are unexpired, at a ground rent of only s2 per annum. The house is in good repair, and contains every convenience for a fanily, while the advantages arming from this situation vwil always ensure the above or an increased rental, offering a most excellent opportunity fora secure investment. Particulars may be had (21 days prior) of Mr. Aldridge, solicitor, 27, hiontaga-pEsce, Russeso,uare; at the Mart; and at Ma. Robins's of fices, Piazza, Covent-garden. Weybridge, Surrey--Capital Freehold Residence, with handsome car- riage drive i front, pleasure and kdtchen gardens, coach-house, stabling, and immediate possession. 1R. ROBINS is instructedto SELLbyAUCTION, .LV at the 3art, on Thursday, April 10, at 12, unless an aoceptable offerbe preiously made by private contract. a superior FREEHOLD RESIDENCE, of a most convenient and substantial character, nearly opposite toth church, atWeybridge, Surrey, and about half a mile from the railw;ay station. The ealubrity of the air is weeU known, the oil loam and gravel, the drives in all directions most interesting and beautiful, vwith' the never-ending charm of the river Thames close at hand. A more detailed description of this desirable property will shortip be given; in the meantime application for particulars maybeomade to Mlessrs. Simpson and Dimond, solictors, 10, H;enrietta-street, Cavendils-^square; and to Ma. Robins, Tiarza. Covent-garden. Cigars, of a genuine, old, foreign, first-class quality. wel matered. SSRS.ROBINS will SELL by AUCTION, at 1 Z hoDart,IIIDAY, March 4,and riday next, the 7th, at12, oldFOREIGN CIGARS, of superior quality, and in first-rate c nlottedto itprivatebuyers. On viewonumorningsof sale, ndasamle ox o eah erore edfor inspection and tasting. Catalogues at thbeMaOrft; andOat es. Robins's oices, Covent-garden. WalthamstowForest-Arnnual Sale-4,200 Flagots, 2,200 Bundles of Pea Sticks, 4,500 Poles, lying in the Forest, close to the New-road, near the top of Blagger's-lane. MESSRS. HUMPHREYSand WALLD,EN willhold their AN.NUA SALS, in Walthamastow Forest, on Thursday, Mlarch 6, at 12; the company are requested to meet atthe top of Hagger's-lano. Catalogues maybhc had of Mr. Nokes (the Bailiff of the Mfanor) * at the FerryBoat Inn, Tottenlham ~Mills; also at the Rising Sun Inn', near the church; and atthe inns at Woodford, Snaresbroolr, Leytonstone, Layton, and Walthamatewv; and of the auctioneers, 68, Oldl Broad-street, city, and Romnford, Essex. Chigwell-ro-'-Live and Dead Farmint Stock. Implements, Dairy Utensils. Dennet, and a few lots of Furniture. MWESSRS. HUIMPHREYS and WA LLEN will SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, near the chapel, on Thursday, March13, at 12, about five loads of exceUent MEADOW HAY, twro capital cow.s in full milk, two promising heifers, twro fat hogs, five store pigs, poultry, powerful cart horse, a capital loading~ cart, aneat dewnetF aso a viety of farming implements and dairy utensils, and a fewv lots of furniture, mseal bins, nests of drawers, and numerouseffects, To beviewed on the morning of sale, Catalogues on the premises * at the inns at Chigelle-row, Chigwvel, Ilford. Woodford, and Snaresbrook * and of Mfessrs. IIumphreys and Wliaen, 68, OldBroad-street, and R~omford. Wadthamstow.-Freehold detached Residence, one mile and a half from the Lea-bridge Station with frequent omnibuses thereto. MWESSRS. HUJMIPHREYS and WALLEN have llJLreceived instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, March 14, at 12, an elegant RESIDENCE, in the cottage style, replete with comfort and convenience, containing three good sitting rooms, entrance hal, six bed chambers, and a dressing room, and the usual domestic offices; together with forecourt, good pleasure and kitchen gardens, the whole wel planted with shrubms and fruit frees, chaise-house, stable, and other out-buildings. The estate iswell situate on the omnibus road, near to St. James's District Chuxrch. Particular,s may be had at the inns at Walthamietow; at the Mart;* of Messrs Humpghreys andxCnight, solicitors, 33,Spital-square . and (together wvith card s to view) of Messrs. Humphrey5s and WaUlen, '6B,Old Broad-street, city, and Romaford. Between the Clapham and Wandsworth roads.-Profitable Leasebold Investment: aggregate rental £1s94s perannum, partlyfromtenants under leases, and held at only 55 16s per annum. MESSRS. HUMIPHREYS and WALLEN have ._ received instructions to SEL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Friday, March 14, at 12, an eligible ESTATE, situate in and adjoining Priory-grove, Southvie, near Lark-hall-lane; consisting of the Windmill beer-shop; fourgood shops and dwelling-houses adjoining, three being let at improved ground rents:; also four cottages at the rear, let to a superior class of weekly tenants, Aggregate rental receivable £119 4s.: rack rental abont £180 per annum. The estate is held for about14 years unexpired at £516s per annum. The property may be viewed by leave of the tenants, Particulars will be ready in a few days.-68, OldBroad-street, city. Lofty self-cting Organ, suitable for a public-house requiring an attrac- tion, or for an exhubition. ]/p WE1TTLE will SELLJ by AUCTIOiN, at the l V l Biac3ikDog, Deumarkl-street, New-rose, St. George's-in-the-East. To-morrow. March 5, at 2 for 3, the above, having six barrels and playing 48 tunes Originally cost a large sum, but, under circumstances, will be unreservedly sold. Particulars on the premises, and of the auotioneer, 45, Old-street.- Free Public-house, St. George's East.-Goodwil Licences, Fixtures and Furniture, for unreserved sale, in one lot, 7B. WHITTLE will SELL by AUCTION on the iyjYremises.the BlaCi Dog Puhlio-house,Denmark trestl,'ew-road, St. George's-in-the-east. To-morrow, March Sth, at 2 hor3 o'clock, the GOODWVILL and LIClENSES, together with the fixtures and furniture, and everyting comnplete for business, in one lot, without reserve, to the highest bidder. Premis?es in good repair, Particulars on the premiSes; anLd of the auctioneer, 45, Old-street, City-road, wrhere the in ventory can be seen, Euston-square Auction Rooms.-Evening Sale. lMESSRS. BOND and SON will SELL by AUC- - L - TION. at their large Rooms, 51, Seymour-street, Boston-square, To-morrow (%Vednesday). March 5, at 6 for 7 precisely, HOUSEHOLD FURNTIURE and EFFECTS, cabinet pianoforte, two secretaries and bookcases, a shower bath, and miscellaneous item. May be viewed the day of sale, and catalogues had. Eniton-square Auction Rooms.-Amual Sale of the Unclaimed Lost Property, by order of the Directors of the London and NorthWestem Railway Company. iESSRS. BOND and SON will SELL by AUC- I TIo, at teir lardgteroo-m all5 Seyoursteet BlEuMasto-oae on W Lednesday, MSEarch19aatttphreciely,MISCE AEOUSt, ArT-, CLES, comprising two rolls of arpets, a cornopean, guns, fishing rods, walking sticks, umbrellas, parasols, baskets, jewvelery, hosiery, s;iLk handkerchief, dresses, shawtls, eoats, wuaitcoats, shirts, gloves, and other itemns. May beviewedthe daypriorto sale, andcatalogueshad (Od. each, returnable to purchas?ers). To Brewvers and thena?-Small House, Blackfriars. hi RE. L.UCEIN will SELL, at the Mart, March 6, IT 12. t .he I,EASE of a coner HOUSE, 11, Mtarleorough-tret and the auctioneer, 10, Buckiershury. Dalston.-A very compact Estate of six well-built private Houses, held direct from freeholder, at exceedingly low groud rents, for absolute sale. MR. J. LUCKIN will SELL by AUCTION, at the M Mart on ThrsdayMarch 6. at 12, SIX well-built and newlyfinished OUSES, being os. to6, Appebyroad, Richmond-road Dalston, in the occupation of respectable tenants, at rentals amountin g to £145 per annumn: lease for 90 years. The property is in very substantial repair, and will be found exceedingly suitable for investment, Mtay be qviewed. Particulars of Mtr. Luckin, 10, BuLcklerabury. Upper Holloway. foot of Highgate-hiU.-Iuportant Freehold Estate, and valuable Ground Bent, producing a most amply secured rental of nearly £300 per annum. JLUCKIN will SELL by AUCTION, at the a.rt, on Wednesday, March 19, at 12 for I (unless disposed of by private contract), a valuable FREEHOI,D ESTA E, consisting of twro substantially built detached residences, of handsome elevation^, wFith large pleasure grounds, stabhung. &4a, known as Elm Villa and Elmn Cottage, with other freehold dwellings in the rear; the whole covering an area of nearly two acres. To be viewed by cards only. which, with particulars, mlay be obtained at btr. J. Luckin's offices,l0,1Bucklersbury. No. 9, Bermiondsey New-road.-To Leather Dresses, Leathersellers, Coachmakers. Boot, Shoe; and Pocket-book Manufacturers, Bookbinders, andUpholsterers. 1 -R. SAML. JOHNSON will SELL by Public 1 AU CTION,uponthe Premisesas aoove, on Tuesday. MarchL at 12 fqr1 precisely, al the extensive and verysuperiorfSTOCK ui TRADE of Messrs,James, Smith and Son. leather dressers; comprising 120 dozen enamelled seals, Pench calf kid and Stmsbourg moroccos, 50 dozen F'rench and English roans, 270 dozen furniture, book and boot morocoos and -Persian goats, 250 dozen coloured skivers, 450 Russia hdes, 107 dozen sumac skivers, 30 dozen Bordeaux and Paris boot fronts, three side and hunting saddles and bridles, 15 reans packing paper, and other effects, MIay be view.ed the day before and mornin of sale and catalogues had of H. Sturmy. Esq., solicitor, 8, Wellingtonstreet, l ondon-bridge; upyon the premises; and of the auctioneer, 143, Aldersgate-street. 9, Bermondsey New-road.-To Curiers, Leather Dressers, Fixture IBrokers, and others, jR. SAML. JOHNSON will SELL by public AUCTION, upon the Premises as above, on Wednesday, bMarch 12, at 12, the valuable MACHINERY, Fixtures. and Utensils in Trade of Mfessrs James Smith and Son, leather dressers; comprising three superior splitting engines, two very powerful iroapresses, large coppers, iron tan-lsandboilers, lead-lined vats, large tanmeg and soaoing tubs, and colour vats, about 20 good mahogany work tables 10 finishing maan crrers' 50rk3nives, slikers'awnodaortheer tools, bgeams and heamhboardS, two iron safes, six gas stoves, all the wvarehourse and counting-house fixturee, a very superior covered cart (nearly' new), sets of haLrness, andvarious other effects. Mtay be viewed twro uays prior to and morning of sale; and cataloguLes had of H. Sturimy, Eat,,, solicitor, 8, bWellingtonstreet, London-bridge; upon the premises; and of the auctioneer, 143, Alderagate-street. lM[ESSRS. KK ad ENGLEHEART have received instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, March 12, at 1 precisely, a desirable long LEASEHOLD ESTATE comprising a bnck-built corner house and shop, with yard, situate and being No. 13, Caversham-street, King's-road, in the parish of St. Luikc's, Chelsea, in the county of Mtiddlesex; l et on lease to a respectable tenant, at the rental of £4;0 per annum, and held for a term of 26 years, from Iichaclma 1853, at the low ground rent of £8 per annum. Mtay be viewed by permission, andparticulars, ith cndi tions of sale, may be obtained at the MIart - of Ednid Nev,onan, Fq,, solicitor. 9, Old Jewry-ehamhera; and at tbe offices of Messrs. Kirkran and Engleheart, auctioneers, 58, King William-st eet, city, and Blackheath. Iee, near Blackheath,Kent.-Valuable long Leasehold Eatates,uitale for occupaton or investment. 1tESSRS. KIRK A N and ENGLEHEART have ltL been favoured with instructions to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, March 12th, at 1 predsely. (unless previously dis- posed of by private contract,) in lots, valuable long LEASEHOLD STAES; comprisng Four firs-class detached, brick-built Family Residences,with garden, situate and being Noa 5, 6. 8, and 9, Belmonto at Lee near Black-heath, in the county of Kent, of the estimated value of £161 per annum; held on lease for a term of 96 years from 1856, at low groundrents. The property is desirably situate, in an elevated pcsitin, near to Lce Church,and within a few minutes walk of. the M=Ac%hat and Iewisham Stations on the North Kent line of Railway, and wel worthy the attention of persons seeking a comfortable and complete residence or good investment, in a healthy locality, with frstclass society. Mraybe viewed by cards, to be obtained of the auctioneers, and particulars, with conditions of sal. may be obtained at the Mait: of Edmd. Newman, Esq., solicitor, 9, Old Jewry-chambers:and of Saml. Fisher. Esq., solicitor, terchant Taylors'hal, Thread- ;eedle-stweet ;and at, the offlces of hMessrs. KirRinan and Endleheart, 'tioneers,;valuers, surveyors, and estate agents, 53, KingWilliam:5 i city, and Blackheath, Kent. I;Wgdozenof first-lass Wines, all Sandeman's shipping, being the st&k of Messrs Ward and Co., together with the Iron Bins, Utensils in Traae_fte; (1Ht:N 3CEand (GALSWORTHY will SELL by, N t tsXhe Cellars, 27, lReget-street, on Thursday, March. 6, ad o Thrsdy flloing atthe Cellarsi '1I-Zbs-street, Oxfordtre, andstgacdy tIh°eTebnetire STOCKYi TRADE Ward and Co., relnquislh bustiness, The wines are naU of £iandtmas. shipping, 00dce-fPr of theprep a with Breat judgment, and C iS t babout. ebest vntages. including wines ver"ol inbottle,.O0@ dozen of Sernies of equal character, and misceUaneous wines of the frt qualities, together wlth a 3argg -.prntity of first-clas botted ales and stout, utensils in trade, iron bins, otlco furilt_ro and fxtures, e The wines lying- at the cellars in Regent-street must he, clered by March12, the leas then expiring. The vanous wines may be Inspctd aohnRgn-tetadDk-tet nd samples had from thebisCaagushdothauine 28, Itegext-ftict Cavedslsaqua,.-XcellntFanlt're,Books, Pictur,, Plate, Wine. Plano6 te. of oorb eher X&c., decemaed 2, Harley-street. 1I ~~~) wi SELL, To-morrow and _LVLr Thzdqnext. Mt12 (the resdenebebngdisposedof), thecpia moder FURNTURtE, including tho usual appendages for 1 e rooms. drawig scoom suites of cmUrins~, chiairs, sofas, and ottomans ibine meio dnssak, and rosewooat Ioo curd. sofa, and othertables, gilt screens and ornaments, Eramels and Turbxey carpets, cut glas ad bonz gaelirsfor8,8 LadS ighs,a noble 9-ft. sideboard ditto7, libauytaublet condehaof ball bteestandHatsand, brackrntetaond Eff;eals ofgan andcinet panofothehos, abewn pictures, o0fv.o .M R. ELGOOl will SELL by AUCTION, on Mont- day, March 10, theFUINrITUItE and EFFECTS, comprising the usual mahogany and japanned chamnber articles and asuite in roswod,Issluin a sechbedted,anarmoire and a secrtaire Hactsofmdraingooem wurindwturtains. and prtiess,troreweood cabes chisocesGanD lugs wo., SELpatontaa We antesdy gtases clocks,g tha dlesgodcantFURIeURE,handomeo ir glass lavnd cownsl, thbhubicbeinets,o.,; fancylchirand trablen, fendfourpst ands oeions,lctepes,diningbulgas,inbe-o tables,sdbad nhirs, chin, glass, roo. Mayt be l39. Jamer'-street: andibl ofM.loode, wit, gWimpouestDreet. -om,& Hanso e laoteresFurniture, 30,n Gnvernes s-t,eerace,drhst iiEELGOOD i wil rctdt SELL, nWeeday, the diately byth prvthe elegtoOUEantdIRItIE to., ofa lady ladvintg twn the huse bing old; ncludng Aabianndfnr-os bed rontplete.2 wardobe, sev glss,marle-op abls,hou,edrawing rtoom suite o blueand old aten damsk wndowcurans, with conc%hes bchars tabee,and6 emicabnetpiaofote n arenpat wood gilt screen Valunbney glasest andor naments,Brnse Eand turkeyt ao-pets,feander adlrirons, palu cretains, p-eet carved fo peesa siebard it .lasbck.e ELtabl is6=46 te1 cbair thdeogineditoinmo- chais,pesssVciausAglass, to. doayed towe onEL dayth pario, and catalogues bad o Mr. Elgo2d.L9w,'rimpooe-strett 39, ake-stret.EiiliblHose, ithspaiousa orawingoos enrace., the ate esidnce f Jon Golie,et. bedeceashed. awi EL GOOD willntrcedt SELL, at the R mactonFy riday, March 14,eortorletuonslltesm m- diaeteyb preivatce tratyd sthel 2O2S otigandPEISS dnae ouslyct situate onthereast,c side of Bkr-sre,bv afotg f2 case nd aback itto and the,firslt foor 7s lo14n pciu,tehc room havin benpnarged.az atthe parenuses aemprs fth ota 4 Estae, andet hldfrau 24 yarsntagrudrn of £19 lOlgoonly. Ma Myessars. Baiey shawndsomith and Baibley Rsoicitors o, BornersXtret and o Mr.Elgod, 2, demoeae-str,Hyeetr.sret Colne VnsAgew C B. ecasd,toSELL, at the Mart, o spaiou an fahioabl twn esienc, N. 3.foer a roo-streiet. clos toandlooingint Grovenr-auae. ithan cntrticv enitriance bac pemsesan sablnginhe djinng tret helao t-he Manmd of WstimnstSfo 26year, aagrondrnto £120&, an 'ettoLaods Brghfor thrl eawhol tr.atalo gonet rent of ilpranm Pite paricuar to0 buieas ha tteMa rteviwd;n negoti ayw Eq, lctr atemple-hambers, ofieet-sreet ano .Elod 0 impole-strewto ma 1eij adR. ELso 0)wl EL at the Mart , onnd1o'riday. son,. March14or. Ty ordger owtel Eeuelsuls.peiulydsoe oil, aNET RETAL o abot610 per annum, eie. rma x fro t-he Newroa, To-orr-ote RWdesday)- kth Marcheerfulpeaistly at rundren o 14guieas an lt fr 7 14 o y 1eear at £190ch lseto annu. Prnte uratiruarsat te Mat; FoMsrs Batclars andpTyeat ForOqupa .o deeasted,t12Hyde-ark-streel-t. et ea t BTEL 0 i iEYnstrce wil SELL, at AUThe ON, theIo Fidy March14.oro (uWessnievioay)y sold Eby na private oft6heapit al h bo-fonted ndrntof 18s.EhE.annPd.For a imoderaesired fmlofthe fiart roessrectablty,o fashiLonablyand centorally 8 sitate closeto,eand adretly beteen Roth enyon, andtisquare; havingtheadd.lutien story,thelore, are eihted romB adaaneki om,wthgo recPto room,dth uCuale domesti oic es, an ec~nt oah-o andUthEe-saldlsable. H SELd P direto the Ber isho te of Lnon'sestat for nearly of04 years, at ah low ground rent of £25, the annualvalu atpa h Mr.E rtod' ofcs Mess WiPaterstr~of whma ritd parpan ncticlrs, g mayE hoad-staleto atd the Mart andbof Mesyos. Sutone,r Wall anDpSimson,solcitrs, Cotballcoridgne-wethBan SAfe Leaseho Inrestinent,2 Clrarene-'s Ctret,Riehr-terrace,Cty-road, meria-rad Pcifia. rouc64 X1 per annum. i~F.ROBT. KENYON wil SELL by AUCTIONT IV.at the Mart, To-maorrow,(ensa)t March. t ago LAtlpec&isey RINVEr-Terrac tataaoe, Cilrod eld for a term of 85 years, at a6ec,ltt grespectbl yeryeantsuatn£y4 Forpraunu u, FrgpariuasplythMart- Bra-sret oylExhng;ant M.Rot enyon, auctioneer,1 otalchmer j~ 1.Cpialcabs.Cpialcourt,nneartthe Bank For Occupation or Investment.-No,. 11, LivrpolsteetnarWt SSP.S.TD.S.NBAKE wind SELLwiby SELLIby UTheNMa at. to-oro (Wednesday)ro, 5th Marcth.a nat privat ofrdears.f atheR uoso the lowgon etof £5r 15,P. Flort articuArSap-L d-USEet and tHOP de.irobtysienatn, autoneer,I,TrnCy-owt,aol-chatboss Cop-thraceur, Ilnearn lth Bank. tX5 e nnm ndhl A captal easeold,withlarg Worsehop, Gro3 Robet-street, 1ings- iM the RExctor. f h lateO SillT P aiet SELL by AUCTION TIN tthe MLart, To-morrow, (Wednsday, ath1,i March,Ia cEapita HOUSL adlag WIOELY omRKSHPi th realbutr,esituaencas above eta forsanesprm f4 earss, advttheonlow groundten iof £5, FoBarticulacI apply atreth Isarnt;of Me niaet tessrs. aesna DaLon8and solcitr, 6p%i chambers. Copthalt-conrtt,toreneartatheteBank. mercil-rod, Pckha prducigt£1 permts annum. tca at th Mart To-mrrow,March5th stegoo TouEHlmin,an INVESTMNT. siuatebas Laboe,held foruasermos. yar,a groun renstutiofnste annum ony. AorpaTIcuarapl at the MartT-mcr dmnd-toMlaRort Alersgn,auc-tioeer, Two Coptha,lw-thmhors, Cos.thandcourt, near the Bank.o te Nne lm For Ocupaion o Invstmet-Nor 1 ndor Waroodlndterrace,t goo muld gardens, may be had at the Mart;d of F. Ring, Rszq.,soitr,3Bag-rd chambers, Coptirall-uotronneartthe Bank. Businas Prmise, Uppr-stret, slingon lindgevrson.t ml ~easehold GroundlRens.ae 1LfSSR. ]. S BA ER nd ON il SELL by for~~~~~~~~~ the remaidro tro 4er.fo ac 5 04 reo anycitren;as, h Rvrint LeaehldGrundRets f£2s Stoannum Wansigfrom hhdinsouse Rno.2, Paristreet, ande Prmes ad-th denin hldfra thenexpired terom ofe Peyears. Sandisbnec ton the lieitReStMfITldyno in haouer -wityerThe pnsremtises mayho viM eb leave ofn h tenanot;t and particfularshad, tenFJ daysApioCt TheOal, uof Mhesss Trier a omrond Rr.slcTours, 1y ohn-teet, Bedford-row iajat th 1Mrt aundtuof Mhesss D.ceS. Baerlanud Stn,e07 flinin tabls SecurendInvesrtmen, agateIslintonl,aptnmnge i!Ithel Exfecutaorso the,alatGteoMrsofP.eaindowS,teLLrbyateHoLDo o upro qROERT,itmprsin awell-brdyuilt 1residneih unter vuital'hr busringess pre,ases,ngadvantagouystuelateNeo.us,teanis.bury-daero Upper-sThefrtreet singthe pletconaleasedt Msroos,aw and in n, uphol-g steers wh hae rcenly ±pededa cnsdeabl te sumninur elringth The aove ae hed at ow goundents h,and proucedaorena off£143 lay b vieed bypermssionofptetenangts, sand, prica- Ther Wad,n14 dastae prior olthesalre.-ofMesrs. Chestr.Tolmin, an td Saaester solcitrs Iu, StapLeincon, oborn I'iatteAuto Mart;14 at ndth of eses D S Baeran Sn,10, Upe-sret,ddington, wti ow,Marh 5 at12,a bickbuit RSIDNCE sambituatenos. 9.i 9.Wet-sace,Sat-sceet ityroad an a emidet,achd Hosuse. Staton f te SuthWesernRaiwsy hed fr vriouso therms, ato modrat goun rets an le t teant wnhve ccpited them for growth of turnips, baly sedsiadwheat, and is in high condition. censdeale ushvnbenrcnl expended by the late proprietor in the cultivation. The estateisfehl of inheritance. with the x ception ofl12a. 3r. 32p.. which are copybeld (sabject to merely anona fine), and also with the exception of 60 acres of leasohold for a term of. 1,000 years, which isequal in value to freehold. To the capitalist or to a gentleman for residence and occupation, the propertypresents advantages of no ordinary character. Thre land is now ina the bands of the Trustees for sale.,whowillgive iumediate possession if required. The bailiff on the estate wHil show the same. Lithographic plans and particulars will be shortly prepared, which, with any other information, may be obtained of Mrv. R., C. Moore, of Harmston, land agent; Mr. Spafrord, of lloothby Graffoe; or at our offices, inLincoln.-Mason, and Dale. solicitors.' j~R.HOD)GSON begs to anniounce he wil have the following SALES by AUCTION during the ensuing month, THIIS DAY. March 4. and two- follGowing days, Messrs. Vart andOwen's extensive STOCK of STATIONERY, maps, prints, globes dissected mnaps, copper and stereotype plates, fancy articles in great.j variety, to. On Friday, MaLrch 7. the IAW and MISCELIAUNEOUS LIBRABY, with the excellent Library Furniture. of the late Hemry Emly, Esq., of the Middle Temple - comprising Finden's Royal Gallery of British Art, Vernon Gallery, and other ilustrated works ; Encyclopoedia Britanarca(7th edition), 21 vols. ; Delprhin Classics, 140 vols.;t. c Amnong the law books are the Jurist, 1641 to 1056 ; Bythewood's Conveyancing, with Sweet's Index. 11 vois. : and other useful boolis of reference, and a series of the Modem Reports in Law and Equity. in good preservation, On Friday, March 7. oa ths Premises, 31, Strand, (late in the orwurs tion of Measrs. Varty and Owen,) the capital and expensive SHoPi FITTNGS Fiturs,bousehold fumnitie&, - OnMondy, Mrch10, and- threefolwndasthre iin CATALOGU of theGREAT EXIIINo 81 ihthe remainders, copyrights. &c' of several othripratwrs On Thursday, March I upwards of 400OIIA ODUS many of large sire, containing a great vreyo neetn ujde engraved ata very great expense for thePcoilTmr - On F-riday, Miarch 14. the remaining conies (being all well bound andI - wi be sold singly), and the entirn Stockc, witb the 221 Steel Plates, of the MAPIS of the Society for the Diffusion of Useful KuowIodge; also the Stock and Zinc Plates of Quin'irBistrical Atlas. - On Monday. March 17. end three following days, a. collection of-raIn- able BOOKS, including the librairy of a clergyman, deceased, -from the - Went of England. anid containing seieral beautifurl illunrijated mussals. to., tandad' teologcal ad hitoritl5bo ks,d.,- in handsome On ondy, arc 31 an f6lowng i~,a co118etibn -of PArINTT contnent incndinsomepleaing peciensof art.Ctaousfth Io.6, c,ceetertsace, Baynrater.-The nieat Hlouselold 1'urntitnr -and Effects.. IJVESSRS. OXENHAXMAId SONS Wil SELL by ACIN,on the P eisTHISDAMU5h£a 2 hetHOUSEHOLD lUENIUTUE, includinLg wing room,dng ~~~a~s,~~s,and aneda No. 2, Ohm fn-tearface, Regest's-vark.-The fistclssmodernFor- nilture, ofDowbiggusauutr,salSrieo lt,20oe of Books ad Efca 1p1sSRS. OXEN-HAM and SONS are honourecl by instructions from the7 Executom of the late Lady Emily ie= to SELL by AUCTON, on the Premises, To-morrow, dret- hes moder foUowIin day, at 12 o'clock each dy. the woodt-drawin rooem sutoee including a very elegant rose. woDddmwng rom uiteoovredin fashonable chinir2, with curtaiws on suite, ta'bles of eTery kind, noble chimney glass; the dining roomsuie o Spalahrnaogan; te treebest bed chambers are fulrngsed withment hfbedstaSeoDds,wihabdigcmlee n h fuerniture obyte s end aryebed camberrs;cia,o as doestic re-s quisies, smtalloserlice of pltewftel tredpter n,ated um2 oe,rofs bookcs. n fet.Sa evee nteTedyatcdn n morEnSfsale, OXEcaaNguH Ad;al and SMesTrs wilxEn LLr' ofics 553MOAod-TreOt near thei Patheon.s 5,xodsre,rateat A lrgeTAsURteintluoin caialnu re Seondw-h Land Furitr oganoyortesio every ind, y emient mkers n dHar onli, CyeimneytGlaksers, a fe los Plae ad Jweliry,Plaedironbedsteands anumerous effects. M,ESSRS. OXENHA3I and SONS wil SELL by AUCTION, at-theireRooms, 353 Oxford-stMreet1, narnth lolhowng ony atida2 neat, daty1fr1uculy the excellenaoem UR TUmodern exoeIn1tcodiio, incla abeutfu walnuttteeree~ mraho ngan roati sframs, couhes pandforeasy Chairs, tables of every kind, cabinetins, af ocetaverpiccoltpiaoforate, ylsuoak, iinarooyselent mpe, ancldigold afhdimongbium sidoebad sdeLr, dinner waggon,glase &c. tarou dhimen sions, cutins Utrchtvlvt Arbian, for-ist aironmmo beSteadis, mandhganging, it bedigcrupet, wo uredaydobs haogne 'th looed- effecs. My be iewe on Tursdyan morningur of sale, erandcteloroes had. ~ ~ cal fr ninaU. n No.3, Grishon's-reed, adoindngtreeoteVerygsrdenor, ueethure,e-itirrsc * EffcS.R b h l atr,adEfc M ESS. OXENHAX and SONS wfil SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, on Tuesnday, March 11, and ci loowing day,uat12 each day,the ist-laspoernorFUE.NITUR incld exeln odto,icning a bealendid gnuilt drawing room ut,cnitgofcbolchm suit,ast compleute,is coenred ind aisian datmansk, anWd crtas for three indow, a par of oblelokingglass s,in alnt-re an gilthe gratmwellsrietb thrkne od asers,nloa dinng rooasuite, including pret covered n :tr 6sh velet;tre besturoom suites oISnieshtmaheany SoprSinRaSia andI for-os beStead anedihangines wth bEdL digcopete, A Ithreeawingedwardobs onTeswihalo,g-garcsn panelsZ drawessa wacceptansdrsigtble s,feb &Ee : thaebfurnivtue ofnthesrantjth epartments dnL omestdingeqits a MerIS Dnschairgforfa inal handsm saule-frandctedogners hadals awth, Mesrs. Omenhamous owfices,b353,O-_ ford-street, near the Pantheon.er o by te ol masers,andeffeats. THESSRS. ELLS ndHSO andSO wirctet SELL b byAUCTION,.o ath Paremises, on Weuesday. March 19, and12 followin day, acetabl ofeah day Ih r uslperior pUrivtUe, i-ntrcludinguatspendid gil destrawing roomesut-gren, consisting of cabie spaairus, soa,andlfouveniest welntre, andt sridae ottoman, il-aiedouables roand fctubinets cutglases chanudelirs an pagreofentoble gleases,tac 120 ainche byr6.mer,prnera, athr ofye sallendm,hensins, niahrgantpedgsto side-d boasrd,fdanag roopcairs, cobveered bypmorcco,setonofthdiningtabes painting ofareiuats meri by theaod, tndaystpriortohebe sa3e.f Samnetare,o h ualdescripin ch.Baina, gllass,et late Garticle's, adometi itemsand effectS,n Mayubetiewdonees th6 encTuechsdyateedent,n C5. ixor-treet near the Banthe-on.bi omaisan te IESSRS. ELLIS and SON are dinsreicted t SELLh AUyto ION, b aUTIO.u G Giawray's, on Tuesday, March 11, at12 12(unless an acceptable offer be previously maade by private contract),)h texeln andofth cmandingl PREMIUSES, conistinge Nof a0 hodsome double-froited cornerig son, wthe a veryd lomm,a odiousdwtellng-housie. havng tw private entrace, sohituate No.5,Aael-tet the cis loradorner loft boavrdsireem andearthe 'e Rvr-he,ad, wateshortdsetanc from theti New road, inors whichth busines rofms a groer bscmha een f capnya reaprso successfully kicarren,ad on;ics.held for an nxie term of 56 years, at a lowrntgg. Tomedviaewe bypsernilbono thed teatrinted parti-uas a cuasmye ea,1 dayaprorfo teealesatGaawa7s Coeand o Messr. Elis anaSnuacioersoneersFncucheret Graftonroad. leatsehato£35 Der annum.bod iesmet R.TSSS ELLISE and SONLar diece A CTIONSELL GY yaUCIN a arway's, onoTuesdaw. March 5t1, at 12 , eyonein unles a aceptale ffe be reiouly radetby rovat coentract,othe fatoig u doesltownd-erngrbeLemsenthord anleastentosM.Far brterarnter, at, To-morrownnina,he 5tenant covnning two log expen Gale Es., olictor 70 Basaghll-treto a Gareetawa;ado 1messrs.dEllisand Son, aCtioerkersw ll.igi,b36 ensurch-dtEst.ts,b Ciy,nerehrBak-ofPbi ChEenompnis. adtes MIUSR S. M RELL wild BELaeL ntuce by A CIN ath payoSL yACIN tGarraway's, onHTuesdAy March 4, at 1.i helt,b re oftheLExSectr of the laatalPeMSES sooid,tuae To5,F AEOoLDgateTAnTwE riat coffics adoing cmonrthbe.rirst uloo,t handsome loftyv bear roo andsecetar's rom,and atercloetlonstars on thex strongoom, ktchen,and ofices.held for a ntermlof66 years, a bedha of Mhesss Excrtowdrs andth Mayard,alsolctos 57,eColemand andhstat agtaens,an. aenchuchsolteet rin.ooe oe-yfz M . UTTELL will SELL by AUCTION, at Cplars-away's, Tomorrow, March 4i, at 12. a verybl convenien coepdingt Havemfrstoablel Hasdempsttaat erikng Sthe gfround-Softhad Govcernessles'tAsylum let ato 'respertannum,enand, hel fopr 50yarsu, fromlo 1aefo850e:. at a ground rent;o saoMye iwed and pareticular hadwon t1e remisdCoes; at SiCars-eawa's FoftMens, RentlioftteandnPirce solicitors Verlan-bildne s Moiey's- inn nfthe A uctue evrioner at;45 his offiest, oppopsite Matithand-park- Hovrs iock-iup Ha; scd and 1fY.i , autork-plac2,Kentlsh-okwnit. HawCLBarges,-otownEIronle Leasehold.-B Investments. oIrcir.o MeUTsEs IL eelD SELL by rpieos,a AUCTiONr Hatb WoGrrawaepos, nerto-morro.narch Jethy, Hatrwinh ton Flots, Mavryh deirbl and copc1ESEODPOERY2en Ns n 10 Nlvg-ootaes Hon ter warest sideofExtheir-te, between Haw-. leyroa adCrEnc-od Cadntwn re on repcable tenants,wa Atnci0entandm Mndhemdfora91ineas from June. 1o44, at£38gs.pe TreIse;ONM. atthi LoomDale, soleetosr, et,ivTo-inorrof thenauctanee atw hi flofficgeen,iopps,t Mat6and-paerestHaversOck-bil, Oanfi Yrk-pRAlace, Kndish-town. URDAl.G.Th nm Hamatad-oa an Cerknwl-l fib omLaseol Etatees,b order of theof heEItecutors.ol IVJ. Garawa's,THISDAYMarc .art12intAmn threeot,b oderw n ientlysituat,Ceapin arln-ton-reeai ngSorth,f Hampetead-roedOrlntal MonSgo-ReScn. p0roducngd6 TEPeranum hrel fnturcateid M EIY 1r. W 70 years, aet alw grom usndenst.lo aU briACk-bu TIN t1 ing-Margaet-streadet, Spa-fielDs,hl frc nearl andefolatalowigdy groun rent. May, bhe vaiewed byK permssaiongof the ptents. Partriculas hand of0 B.eces FofKid Ee,msolctor, and Russellan csuarne;a Ceriaways and ofbe r.gs purinl audclonreer Inia. Watibro cadity. , Bat'orderofith Execth.a sors mn of the oreiggne.-balabl F-in l mandai jLarbowls,diEstaes, and seAs oflutean Eevereiont one boityo £adie0 Jol-bCars-awaoy's THIessDAY, andChines atti12,s a valuabeEty. n vew cwomayprisingacomomngortbersidene siCatales11otheMary-e-iserand- plac,old aent-ro.,and, ltet frtoarsetabe tenant, seealtnoble Gannum,a andtaheln leaseofort2, yearks, Latagrou~ndret Oalensoone Moibetyo Two reeoldCotage, a Siicu,nar oofcry Wien, of eth Tannule sl, ecevaleon hedeth f lay ge 65 Te Ropetymay be vieed,andparicuarsbadof esss. tevns nd aancell6 theen auctioneer, 1, Walbfrabaront,,icity.n wit thirowandhor, capin chais, allabl scap adcstigs,valabl oaldutimber rop,sevend davepors. himey nd per lases f lrgedimensions, gilt conolI andglases cair an sfas fodig srees,several Turkey an&rBrussea arpts, hamer uraiore fiting ofdomestic offices, a patent manle,chia ad gass awarrob offin tale ndbed linen, soens Clart o th vinageof 525,a fw dren ofol Iadeira. Th%e effctswil - e o viw ne ay revousto hesale, when catalogues may e bd o Meas. ushorthandJaris,Sarlie-row, Rogent- To Land and Bonfding Societies, Buijlders, and others.-Yotes for the County of Kent.- ' bls Freehold Building Lendl, land-tax redeemed, near to the entrance gates, of the Royal Arsenal, Woolwich. .1,ESSRS. CHURCH andl SO-N are fav-oured with .II. instructions to offer for SALE by public AUCTION, at the Town-hall, William-street, Woolwich, on Tuesday. March Ii, at 3 for 4 o'clock in the afternoon, 77 P'lots of valuable FREEHOLD) BUILDING LAND, land-tax redeemed, most eligibly situate on the high road Plumatead, within fIve minutes' walk o3 the lower entranoe gates of the Royal Arsenal, und immediately adjoninig the level crossing of the North KCent Rallway. This land offers udvantages to large and ismall capitalists rarely to be mmet with ; it forms part of the Griffn F4armand gardens, is in ahigh state of cultivation, and is planted wditI luxuriant fruit tree in profitable growth. Each lot wiTh-ave a. frontage on anexcellent newroad, which it is proposed to extindto Plumsteadcommon as a direct communication from Plumatead-road, and will entitle the Purchaser to a' vote for the county of Rent. Plans, with artcular and conditions of sae. may be had on application to Mr. H. &YaIs, solicitor, Rectory-place, Woolwich; at Garaway's ; and of the auctioneers, Wiliam-street, woolwich. In Bankruptcy: 'Northamptonshlre.-Important F'reehold K-tate, 'aboundingin ironstone. onwhich are established the Bugbrooke lion& tone Woks ituate near the Weedon Station, with tramaway and sidimng nt teLondon and North Western aBaway. TMiESSRS.. PLEWS and WALL arc directedl by the Assigees of M1r. W. Elsam. to SELL, by AUCTION, at the Mart on Fxiday, March 14. at 12 the valuable FLEEHOLD PROPEREY known as the Dirt House Rta te siztuate at Bugbrooke, oomprisingabout40 acres, withres-idenoean4 ~arm-buildings, yards forcoal, coke. andlinne, andaithenumerus hufldingsneecessayfor carsying'on 'an extensive trade, tgther withbriekfleld-shavingan aimostunlimited soup ly of the best brickearth, brick andtille ilns, sheds and other suit'ab leerections.-The contiguityof thepropxrtyto therailwaywitlaiitsiro 'tramway and siding the high ro&dLto the north, mid the Grand Junction Canal give to the est-at peculhar facilities for bothi lend and water carriage, andL its immeditat vicinity.to theWeedon army clething depot, now about to be ve?yfcousiderably-e-Elrped, secures to this property almostumarivalled fadiities for profitabl* developing its mineral propertie..~Ma beviwedany dy pevoustothe sae, and Iserticulr wit plaa, adonheestte ath prncpa ins at Northamptonand Weeon;ad'n' onon-o-Mssc, a-vare Plews, and' Boye soliItos, 4. ld ewa-chmbes~ f JNicholson. Eec,, oftleMa 'asigne,114 Batahal-sree ;ad ~ Pewand Wall34.Poultry, And% Isllnton.-Measehold Investment. HSRS . BROWN anfd T. A. ROBER'S"will AUCIO, a teMat,onWednesday. MRch19, St situat 3~o. 0, WhAe Codut-hsnereet,letto iMr.B.oest$S SES. b. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS 1wijl ~UCTIo, at he Mar, onletnsa.Mac1,a wteet;y zandtfMs;rs a .Bt nadT a oet,2, b'got PeccamhixmsallHounsgi Baing-coed.35 A.IE R' BR-aadT A. ROBERTS-wilI sLLSS LbYAUCTI at tche Mart, on Wedne6day, Wareb 19, at 12 o'clock. in one lotSI brc-bult HOTASES, bomriing ,oebrick-10 in delusivg,hors,k-trroe Basn-ra,Pean,na ye-lne, le t weeky tnant atrens amuntng £5 pe salnso a dweld f-oue 37, g -stret; ad of essrs Hito Msrs Tn n ~~ ~ and T. A. Roberts, T 1FESRS. ]E. BRO N and T. A. ROBERTS wij IVL EL by AUCTION, a6t the Mart, on WedneRday,Mabrch.19, at 1o'lk in one lot, ayore Compath SATE;comptrisin aO brick-bunt DWELInG-hue,HOwnE asbndze House, situate in Wel-treet,n-busear oane,iPeethas wthel laremgrdninay tHacknea,r-ls ah dwelaiong-ose ihemsail sGoodbl, aUndheebick Athr,and tHbeu~il -cottoge,1 wrick'bfore coutsan grdnsinth rar A- portig-lon let to Mas weelyie andt Cot=rn teelainderuaontnocuine. Heard foxpr an unxe terum-o Mabot20yas reo et be viewed and printed parti.r;.a f tsrs xcle n 57, Colemian.3.1.-il.-street: and of Messrs. H. BrownanT.A.Rbrs2, adT.hAoRobtnetret.~2 Loioro tzt SSR-S. H. B3ROWN andl T. A. ROBERTS .wfil IVISELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday,MXarch 1.9, at Iz. in one lot, by order of the Exdutoionthiltea Captain. brcAbiltm RingWELNGa -HO WES And SihOS sitatge dwin Wel-steet nearl oppoitetheThelogcalSenina'Hacneyi'znuthesocuaion ofea The whee heldfor abut nin years unexpie,t£5pr anhua Maybvieed,andprined artculrs andpo srs.Brn grt n andT.., obrts 22TCogmorton ltreetd APJ SSRS. H. BROWN and T. A. ROBERTS WMl BELLS by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Wednesday, Mareb 19. at 12, in one lot, by order of the Edmecutoraofthe lat bCapuftai AdreEL eInNG-O. 3K,%athrthhtDE-og,Etueatealsoexev P,Yrksremies, Cotherear comprsing ranares anmalthouse,ncaable ofhea,weekl0,0y thre dwelinghouss an shos,- eing boin06No. f9. Rob~ertbilao- stet e Poase;thepolemheld ofo Sabot3l yarenxprd,a gonret ofBRAHerAnnM.S a beg voiewedoan pithed particulhars badOfT MNEssD feortoe arvnd.-euceion sofficitos, 20,whitenhall ,ce and oftaessrsd H.d oberow andeT AzaRbets, 2ae2,s TrGmoraonium aue Cterbommeriag l-radt,&. - E HASSS.LHABOW and SELL a. aboBERTS AU0 £V SL b ACION, at the Mart, on Wednesday,rh 6 Marh19 itsC Ic-hpOUSerr, Sith. shops, gprateeo. 9,ayowtrk-strelent, CrnPurca-. rosa in he ocupaionOfelrs Pavietns, Hasn.adotes.wel tennts alsoa bck-builtSaleo SiEd, byiaNo AUiCTObeLT-e, o intheuredaryofthe clast metind in the occupTioN-T of Mr. Fasoenfe2brebactemaer.ay Thevihole lett Mre icntssamuntingnands pouer anenum, and hemld ueenaboad29 years unexpirhed,ou6 s,tobeera rsnu d. y viewe, anpriTed Fartculr btadiofer Messtrs. Brde ndClis solictors,37, ing Wlliac-scret;an ofnMssIs Hb. Berown andoT_ Roberts, 22, Throgmortonls-oboks,trteet. Postponement of uc5oneeeskenham CleIrelntreSAtEo th CTIL)PGPIT n shadre ana RITIIckNhion advePrtiedtotsesISa placeonWdnesayt, Fthe 5h ist., is TII A.a 2for the resnt-uctiontoffc, lawies'enbaign.lze) 300TStadad andHES ather Rotss, HruseaoldCameliasr,Grnunsad otheTrboom hpFtingPlns,d., HASLAM willESELL, asCIMI'hON above~~by AU VNCET wil PI SELLs bnsr AUCdtIo , SEL b M'~msdy. Marh 20, tl2, te CON St5 ofrthe'-aboe, T2- ToTot- Deancys SCabioneters,Pwboe and tbes, - ORRPAEWOOD S% ELL by AUCTION, at the ill Rooms, 4 TMoerg atkey-troadt.onWedursday, March 5, atl12 the~ SLOCAofadFANCY RSTAwtIpossER,ocomperising l2ib. erll*oos. silks, tassels, gip, frne, 10vl.bos oead ruled oolsca, .Ol grosteeltpens anorditue,reoentlyre., To bte viewed.gabtalioguesa thube-roomstadatbth nauctioeer'saofuices ti oemwasrehoueetwli. tus,wrso 4fe og -nl-ad stale,eland-street,ntrarey-May be.-Thiewed.yT Satock is n trae pnemlBe; a plae o saect ofd a1r Shpvoema fker. tilrypl WY . JOTNON,o tehPemsrees,iSalvelandstruet, iostmoy ijar atth AUCTionoffcs,6. CthaneCiy-lAucine. o 9 Gaebrh stwenty-seon Friam ext of ew-tI Fiead 20 StckofOdieo, To Eginers, onfandeTroop Ship FitteiPngs. rn ondy J R. BINGI iI dinsrce tEL SELL byO Alonth- Premzm tusellplae, naulsnU-3roagerad, H3A7 A. ath12.aqantit 12f teSTOuKnd TIMAINT refohed frOm DepfRd and. Wociich comrisng pank, dels,batenginbeards, borepsedluthess quartringJOiss inlong engts, dor b ards doos, ptr5oak 2 3antw- HarldSe n enie modern Funurre,toie ol, atthou Residnerve, tWestya H~jRFENRY PRISTEiR wMsrucEdL by SELTIby ML UTIN tht hreise aspacious,(aisoor.Upe dstanceromthe StaforAmorro laWeLodnelsdayT. atr1,without the slgtesbeev, aTWO hanvdl.- some orderno h Srpaniehtmaogainy Sbrod.teIO D witfu pl3te-glass backs,e pairofdit cTarinbdsteabls,twoists ha12ng each)gofaoganyddinig, reo chirs dttoboocas, wo hess odawes,stand an elagatib To. F6Uppritr Dearleytrsc.-GCabinetaes PaTnbtroers andoetthers.- mR. ruPWd oOSLLb AUCllOSELL byAUOTeiOs, b Haley-strHoet,onTaverna. Machey-road, UnThrsday Marech - atl the lEAUE Nd FIXTandES(wiTh c"oinprof very cmrd,soa,dn J turewarhoue, welingnoue,orkhop40deetlog arstsnhraigi-ad Italan tataryandOrnineta byultheunere, - Gis lba, erdeoi Prato, and ather mrles coSitngofeaes terms, funtains,lions,bs, RA elphnts, o,fo h mos rstanrhd deinCfauncientandroern Italianatits aloafwilsatutts Eve, enusde Medic twoc.daybe vyiewed thd daalopresviosadmr- Smity, o; fur-orseaEnine,shearnsingadPnhg ice IM R.BD. ALLAN ill SELL byA puh TOon t atRKE uzystrell-plaUc,VauBenetanlbrd Kelrly'T~s Romre MaovdfrchLa2 cothe STeoCK Eal_onFrdPayT o tarhe FOU RY to. fo I aisl suearlyone four-ors HOSHig-pesL esta engineRE andprbelle, lawewith slide rss ovrndith'sbelow, apanvilsoviesba irohn,dstomecse,2 chnea puadiag bars,w foundrygcrane, cprol ga,vingyd'spltent anEli, saftin an ans lathe,oos, . Thfas,sundtry wood andoiroblnpatens;and. numserous,pusefulseffets.eaybel viewed,andctrelo,blnlet badintg,pre.mises;andyo thesautioneraer, 1, mrbder'-ou rtshslinestd r-ssqunre ,Lt o th Pemsesasaboe,(ashot isaneofrooms;theSttheor No. 2,Westbourne-park, Har-row-toad. Barawater, near the RoyalZ Oak._ -Superior Furnituret. Cottage Pianoforte, a Service of Plate, China, GIas &e. ; also, bY Permission, the property of a gentleman, decesd Plhaeton. Horse. Harness, &o. IJESSRS. W'E LSFORDj and Co. bave r-eceived posi. 4.J.tiveinotructions to SELL byAUCTION.on Friday, the Ithiunst., at 312, under circumstances wibich preclude the slightest ressrvTation being made, the newly FURNISHED RESIDENCE; comprrisinganag. nificent Arabian and four-post bedsteads, beds, and bedding, marbletop washistands and dressing tables, two splendid wardrobes, tcil8t ana clieval glassm es,. The drawiing roows are furnished in walaot,covere,d in plain and Utirechrt velvet, chairs, sofas, side tablesplt-as-bc cheffoniers, andlnumnerous omam2ntal itenssbuhl and tulip.wood.cabi.- n2ets, dining, breakfast, anid library furniture, in Spanish mahogany. chandeliers, handsomne clocks, and ornamental items ; dinner, !ea, and dessert services, china, and glass. The butler's pantry, bousekeeper's room, and kitchen are oil complete. anid the whole of the proe~rty is worthy the attention of parties furnishing. The Psbacton, do. can be seen attheoresidenice. and also on Thursdayeandrmomilng oif sale, withx thio furniture. Catalogues on the premises;- andl of the auctioneers, 35, New Church-street, Edgewvare-road audIO, Queen's-rd.. B3ays*-ater. No. 76. Haimilton-terrace. St. John's-wood.-Excchlent Furniture, PIanos, WVine. Books, do.. of T. H. Clarke, Req.. deceased,-' 'I-R. KE ELING is instructed by the Executors to LE SEI-L byAUCTION, on Thursday. March 13. anid following day, at 12 for 1, wvithout reserve, the whole of the F,URNITUR, -,romprising four-post andl other biedsteads and bedding. mahogany -w~ard robes, marble-top washstands. and other bed roomfurniture: dtrAwing room funmiture comprises a briliant plato chimucy-glars, 122-light chandelier for wax lights, winged cebefonier, Q1-octavo cottage pianoforte, in miabogany casee, by Broadwood and Ions, and other cabinet articles: a. scet o telescope dining tables, sideboard, escritoire bookcas,--a 6k.- octave cabinetptanoforte, in rusewood case, by Broadwood, chin a, glasg, and kitchen utensils, garden engine imu roller: also a full service of I lte, including a aRge salver in case and pair of massive 'eetbl uebes or tureas ; about 20 dozen of wine (various), and about 401 oe of books. May be viewed on the day previous to and morning rsae and catalogues mnay be had of John D. Thomson, REsq., solcitsr Linooln's-inn:. or of Mtr. Keeling, at his offices, 25, Counnom t~rne Edageware-rood. At the Lorndon Commercial Sale Rooms, Mincing-lane, on Thilr~slay. the I3th M1arch, 1306, at l2 for precisel.
