DEATHS. On the 10th of January at Deyrab. Fanny, the belovedl wife of tWIM= Ellct' Marshall Faq., Lent. 48th Bengal N.l, second son of the late Ljeat-Col- Marshall Military Secretary to the Earl of Chat-, barn and Sir G3eorge Don, in Gibraltar. On the 16th nIt., on the voyage from China, Capt. Robert Freeman, of the ship, EReces of Alma, much regretted. On the 9th-nast, at hisresidence Russell-square, Brighton, Jenkin Jones. Esq., :4D., R.N, in his 86ti&year. On the 10th inst.. at Margate, Tery suddenly, Mr. John Bartlett, of that place, in the OlIn year of his age, deeply regretted. Ontho 12th inst., at ElaTen-street, Isle of WYight, Mr. John Edmonds, late of Upper Ebry-estreet, P'imlico, aged 42. On thellthinst,. at Llydn5 ad iMs3uelGift Griffith, second daughter of the late Rev. Charles Grifithi, lih, formerly of WTorthing, Sussex. On the 11th ist., at the Vicarage, Caroline, the beloved wile of the Rev. Fr*ncis Storr, XA., vicar of Brenchley, Kent. On Tuesda:;, the n1th last, at 13, Bloonfield-terrace, Harrw-road, James Beattj-, Esq., in his 36tb year, Rogineerin Chief of the Crimean Railways. On the 11th Inst., at Brompton, in the 37th year bf her age, Susan Elmz, only d ugaterof the late Joseph Dockeill, esq., of neuchurch-. OTea the lith inst., at Maybosh, niear Southampton, aged 24 ousMat,the beloved wife of Charles Davlies, Jun., Ra MA youngest daitghter of the Rev. Henry Slake, of Birdha usex, formerly Fellwaof King' College,Cambridge. On the 19tc inst., aged 70, Ms Ann Mashall Thompson, of No, 29, Cavendis-h-sqare. OnWednfleiday. the 19th inst., at hisresidlence, Gledhow Mount near Leeds, aged f7. John Wilkinson, Fsq., one of the Justices of the teaco for thie borough of Leedxs. On the 13thi inst.. at his residence 10, the GroTe, Hrackney, after a longillness, Ihsuntan Dale, Req., in the 64th year of his age. - On the 13th inst., aged 3 weeks. Arthur Hubert, the youngest son of 'Wfiiam Clark, REsq., of 73 and 74. St. John-street, Smithfiekld
XOBD STANLEY AND HIS cONST2TUAlru&y. The aiexed addre. bsaing been sent QSaturday last t lord Stanley, M?.f signed by upwards of 400, chiefly elec. tors of the boroq,gh, the oUlowing answer has thii dI Mm recciyS. 'larch 11. i TO TR B:oG n:oT LO. itD ST LEY, .P. I May it please your Lordship,-.]We, the undersigned elee1 torsand non-electors of the boroughof'Kin's Lynn, begleave toapproach your Lordship with the earnest and respectful expression of our approval of your general public conduct in snpporting liberal and progressive measures of reform. - We seeaproof of yourcourageand sincerity on a -recent occasion; and even those who differ from yourLordship and from us on the subject of Sunday legislation ought to diis cern in your vote no desire to. increase Sunday labour, or lessen opportunities of worship, rest, and self-improvement, but, rather the wish to make legislation equal 'for. rich and poor, to promote that rational recreation which is needful to all; and thus indirectly, if not directly, to bring the working classes more within the range of refining and hunmanixing influences. . We trust your Lordship will have strength asid principle to foflow an indespendent course of public uefuns; and that your Lordship w;ll honour the t-ow of Lynn by con.tinuing to be its representative. : LORD STArN'S R1PLY. House of Commnons, March 10. Gentlemen,-I beg to thank you for a mark of - political confidence not less-gratifying than unexpected.,: I know that in public life mistakes must often be made, hosfflity or susicion be encountered, and important decisions not seldom taken on information imperfect and. hastily acquired; but I have learnt also that-the collective Legislature is, generally speaking, wiser than any Man in it; that the shortcomings of individual statesmen cannot prevent, scarcely can retard, the progress of popuIJ.r improvement; and that even projects of reform which Parliament will JustlyZreject as either premature in point of time, or faulty beyond amendment in details, are not without use in drectiang legislative attention to subjects on wMch it may be advantageouely employed. - : - * -. I willinot, in expressing to you the feelingswhich such an address as youzrs naturally calls forth; rrin the nihl of provoking dissent by allusions to any articular topic of -political controversy. Only this truth7E would point out-ne whEich to .me makes itself more nalpable- everSy day that I live and labour here-that in politics mdore than -in any other branch of humnan exertion a vast amnount of inteDllgent energy goes to waste through mere misdirection and forgetfulness of the true object to be attained, In Parliament certainly, and I suppose, also, wherever public matters are publicly discussed, the combative element is too strong-the industrial element not strong enough.. If men would labour to remove recognized abuses with half the zeal they show in advocating the claims ef clas agains class; or party against party, our people might by this time be educated, our law simplified and made availableto dll, our civil administratiouxefonnedinevery branch, t.ndthe spread of disease and early death among the masses be greatly diminished by judicious sanitary arnements. It is to objects like these, rather than to organic changes in the constitution under which we live, that I would re-- spectfully direct the attention of re'.ormers. ach may do something, and there is work enough for all - I remain, gentlemen, Your obliged and obedient servant, STANLRVY
UNIVERSITY INTIGENCE. n-iwmm V1. iq In the Convocation held this day. at 2 o'clock the Music statute was carried nem. com. In the Congregation which foloweed the forms of statute concerning the time of the examinationsj and reappointment of examiners, the Civil Law degrees, aud the constitulrion and mode of proceedingin Convocation were accepted without a division. The attendance of members was smalL. The statement circulated tothe effect that Mr. Faulkner, of Pembroke College, has been elected mathematical scholar, is without foundation. The examinationis still in pro"ress, and the examiners will not make their report to the BficeChancellor until to-morrow. The following notice has been issued:- " an eiection of an exhibitioner upon the foundation of Mr. Robert Rogers wiitake place at LeathersellerseHall on Tnesday, the 8th of April next. Candidates must be resident undergraduate members of the University not already holding any exhibition above the value of 301. per annum. Candidates may apply for prroper forms of applipationto the clerk of the Company of Leathersellers, Leathersellera'-hail, St. IIelen's-place, London.
xmjX SYxx:.~' _AldvertiBement. I TO THE EDITOIObF THE TIMM. Sir,-Perhans yow allow me to allude to an advertisement in your -1umnsof the3d inst, from a Russo Ceurt of Aldermen. headed " Salomons, Mayor," in which mY nae ii prclaimed insolemn form, as struck off the rodl of swoom brokers. Wit wvhat A ehblasnceof justice orpropriety I am thus branded as a species of defaulter, and advertised throughout the world as such, the perusal of the following letteas will lucdate. The irst is from the City Solicitorto mysAef; the second my reply:- ' ,15. y -ply G~~~" uildbiall. Dncebe r 1-, 1856 . ThirdApplication. "8ir,-Iam directed by the committee of the corporation to -Whom. themattersrespectingbrokersatand rcferred, to repeat the applications lhave before made tor. payment of the arresaof rent, SS, due in 8eptember fast, and, unleis the amo¶mt be paid on or before Tuesda7 next, I am desired to take proceedings against yourself andaurety upon your joint and several bend to enforce payment of the amuOnDt "6Dfi.Bi PEAIMON. 1I; t pA1; i{A- -- x0_:L. major. esq., =w-La=cnanige.- "Stock-Erchange, Dec. 17,1855.- 'F Sir -By your note of the 14th inst. (marked third application). being trhe first I base received, youatatethat repeated applications for arrears of rent have been. made to me. This is quite true, but the said applications have been most improperly made. I ceased to acS as a broker inl846, andttas not aware that itwas necessary to petition to .be relieved of myliability to pay rent till about 1550, during all which timue I paid it, although i did not act. - About 1850, having paid up to that time, I went to GuildbIall, and at the proper office there left mypetition, to be laid, I believe, before the Court of Aldermen. to be relieved of my brokership. After baving regularly signed my petition, andleft it at the office, I was told that it was necesary to accompany the said petition of relief with the receipt of the. collector for the last year's rent. I stated that, having either lost or destroyed the receipt, I could not produceit. Theyreplied that it swa alolutely necessary. Ithen observed that upon reference to the collectorsaccounts they couldsee thatI had paid the rent up to that day. Nothingwouldsatisfythem. I went to the collector's office for asdupecate receipt several times, but could never find him at home. Ai I could no more than petition to be relieved. according to the form prescribed by the by-laws of the corporation, Iconsidered that I hdone aDithat was necessary. ThifitatemnentI have frequently miade to the colecto Lr. Thoma, when be as made application for the rent. I think, Mr. Soliitor, that havina paid rent several years after I. had ceased to act asa broker, from icno. rance of the neceswary forms to be relieved, and thenhavin done in mnypower to dispossess myself of my lability accordingtolaw, youwill agree with me that your appliction for arrearsisnottenable. *'am, Sir, your obedient servant, "D. B. idAJOIt "N.E. I took- a witness, who can certify tothe abeve statement. To Charles Pearson, lsq., City Solictor. GulidhalL" The City Solicitor neither took proceedingsagainst me norfavoured me with an answer to the above letter. Should,any solicitor retire from business he discontinues paying his anmnallicensefee; or if any gentleman withdraws from his club, or kny institution to whlch he may belong, his name is not published in the newspapersas a defaulter. - The aunual hst of practising attorneys Is revised, or the retiring member's name is ormitted inthe amended lists. Tnen why should -ohesrtless andunnecessary a course be adopted with regardtoretiming swomrbrokers froniwhatever cause their retirement may -be induced, the moreparticularlyas the present sworn brdkers are self-taxed, many thousands of brokers in the city at this moment objecting to pay such impost, and the Corporation ashamed to enforce it inface of the strong recommendation of the Parliamentary Commission in 1lS4 to repeal the tax, the committee having considered the inspection of the Court of Aldermen to be absolutely useless 2 It is necessarytobe a sworn broker of the city of London to execute a valid contract of sale or purchase, otherwise wihat becomes of all contracts made throughout the United mingdom ? Is -it not unfortunate that, haviug nowsa Jewr Lord Mfayor, a miraculous ilustration of the tolerance of the present day, who in silvery tones of Attic eloquence, us every sodety where he has gained admittance, has for many years past been the uncompromising apostle of free trade, and having also our able and hyper-scrupulous City Solicitor, who, with legion-tongued flip any, hns crammed his admiring fellow-citizensin days ofyore with doc;trixes of equal justice and tolerance toall,-I, sav, is it not moet melancholy that these two successful aspirants, having obtained the summit of their ambition, should now-be found foremost in the ranks of_persecution ? nreformers have only to allow the corporation to pursue its insane course under such able offlcersa Elittle longer. and public opinion will compel itto conmmit an act effet dese. It has been suggested that I ought toindictthe corporationforan attempt toex- tor . I am, Sir, yourobedient servant, ScEhg, BUSH ELL JOR.
FORGERY AND SUIcIE.-Mr. . :dward Burfield, ironmonger, of Bridge-street,' Crickhowell, was formerly actuary in the savings-bank of that town. In that capacity he received several stuns from depositors without accounting ,for them, and bad made. false entries in the books of the bank. These defalcatiois having been. discovered by the trustees and managers, they caused a warrant to be issued for the apprehension of Mfr. Burfield, which was placed in the hands of Snperintendent Gregory for execution. On Saturday morn=gg the superintendent proceeded to Burfield's house and informed him of the nature of his visit. Burfield requested to see the warrant, which was shown him, and he then asked the officer to be allowed to attend the magistrates office at theappointedhour-10 a.m. The officer consented, and left the house, but concealed himself at a short distance, where he could command a view of the premises. A little after 10 o'clock, as Burfield did not keep his appointment, -Gregory went to the house a second time, and reminded Burfield that his attendance vas required at the police-office:. He. ppeared surprised, and asked the officer to walk up the street before him, and he wotld follow, at the same time Adding, "My good fellow, I sha?nt run away.; I have a -wife and children, and lots of property about bme." . Burfield -then retired, as the ' officer thought to change his clothes,-and Gregory went out into.the streetto await his coming. While thete engaged in conversation with another man, a report of firearms was heard, and on going into Burfield's. house, in a storeroom adjoining the shop the wretched maunwas found lying- on his left side, with a discharged istol in his right hand, and under his head vas a mass ot. blood and brain. Although the forehead was blown coiupletely; away, the deceased was still breathing. Dr. Parry was immediately sent for, but the patient was beyond m edical aid, and he died within an hour. An inquest was subsequently h'eld before Mrfr. Cox Davies, the deputy coroner, whenmthe above facts were detailed in evidence, and a verdict of "Temporaryinsanity" was returned. The deceased, who. wAs about 46 years of ege, has left a wife far advanced in pregnancy, and four small children. THE MONTEAL OCEAN STMsBnP CoMrAwy.- At the usual mueeting of the- liverpool Dock COnnittee yesterday a conmunication was read froni the- Montreal Ocean Steamship Company, applying'for a permanent berth fbritbeir vessels, which are to commenee running, shortly. The lettei stated that the company are "under contract with -the Canadian Government to run a mail.steamez from this side of the Atlantic once every fortnight f k aeven months in the year, and monthlydurmng the'rest of the year, and that any. violation of this-arrangement will be visited with beavyzpialtjes.- The sub-'committec of the Dck Company con.temporaneously report'ed that the subject 'hadalready been, brought-under their notie, :and- they rec'ommendedthat a permanent berth shoald be granted in the Huskisson [Advertisement.}-The "Weekldy Dispatch" of Sunday neXt. 3tarch16, wiU contoin an iay entitUed ' Education;' Inquest en Mr. Sa(ueir; the Covent-garen nquiry; BAlleged Poisoning of a Wife at leeds; lette:s br^ ' ubcola" and *-Causftl" Town-talk; tb9e Ceonferencq! P, ' ir t Aiks-'a X wM e 4ea6 &C. OMice,
BANK OF 2NZAL4D. Jes{erda7 {h xal hiW-yearlY Court of N-iik lltock *9p3Pt.4rg WS lhelda for the declaration of a dividend.. There was.. numerous attendance, owvingtotheexpectation of an: increased rate of distribution. At 12 o'clock, the hour appointed, .the governor (Mr. T. M. Weguelin), the deputy-governor (Mr. S. Neave), and the other directors enterel the court, when the proceedings were commenced. TheSECRETrARY having read the minutes of the previous Court, which were at once confirmed, The GoVniRNon said,-Ihave to acquaint the Court thiat this is one of the half-yeirly general Courts of rroprietors appointed by the 12th by'law to isuke a dividend. The net s>rofits of the Bank for the half-year ending the 29th of - obruary last were.705,3251. 8s. 7d.. making the ambunt of the' "rest" on that day 3,728,3791. 16s., and after providing for-a dividend at -the rate of 5 per cent. for-the 'half-year the " rest will be. 3,OOO,7291. 16s. The. directors theref.ore pnpose that a dividend-of o per cent. be made by heproprietary outof.the. interestandprofits for the half-. year ending the 29th of February last, without any deduc-' tion on account of income-tax. (Cheers.) Is it the pleasure of the Court that such adividend be declared ? The question was then put in the usual manAer; and unanimously agreed to. The'G6varzNoP.-I have fuither to asquaint the Court that the amount of the dividendl renders it necessary, in, conformity with the act of Parliament, 7 George IV., that the same be coufitmed by ballot in the ordinary manner, and Iahvetherefore to move,' "That this -Court be adjourned until Tuesday, the 18th inst., at 11 o'clock, and then remain open until 4 o'clock in the afternoon, for the purpose of taxing the ballot on the question of the dividend." The resolution was immediately carried. The LORD MAYOR said that, presuming they had concluded the business of the day, he thought he should be spealng the sense of the Court if he proposed a vote of thanks to t'he Governor and Court of Directors for the excelent manner invwhichn they Iad managed the'affairs of the Bank during the last hal-year. (Cheers.) No doubt, it was at all times asub ect of satisfaction to receive a high rather than a low dividend, but 'at the Present momerit there was a duty which devolved upon the Court ihdependentlk of the question of dividend-viz., tothank thedirectors for the skill and foresight they had displayed in conductine the affairs of the Bank during thetrying anduncertain'periodof the last half-year. (Hear.) Not only had a state of war preTailed for the last ttwo'.yars, but the last half-year- in particular bad been one of great pressure oi the resdurces of t.hecountry., The pressure was no doubt at fst the resalt of a state of war, but subsequently it was experienced in all branches oftrde. That pressurewas not, however, e rienced in England alone; it was also felt in France, and the Bank of Francewas obliged to have recourse to measures of restriction in common with the Bank of Englanl, for the purposeof warning commercial bodies to be cautiou sand prudent in their transactions (Hear.) It was, he thought, only becoming in the proprietors, when they were receiving a high dividend, resulting from the raising of the rate of interest on money, that they should at least record their tonviction that the high rate of interest was produced by eircumstances beyond the control of the managers of the Bank. (Hear, hear.) It was an advantage for the commerce of the country, as well as for themseves, that the management of the Bank should at all times be such as to comrmand respect and 'confidence; and he was glad to find that the principles which have guided the Court of Directors had been found as useful to commercial bodies enerally asthe results hadbeen beneficial to theproprietors. heers.) The management of a great institution like the Cank of England' should always keep in view the interest of the rest of the community, besides the profits of the proprietary body, and on that account he thought votes of'thanks to the Court of, Directors ought never to be biought forward as a matter of course. The e-xpression of opinion ought and had been frcely given whenever times and circumstances arose to demand it; but, on the other hand, when it was felt that the action of the Bank had been sound and satisfactory for the pablic as well as themselve3, it was their duty to mark their sense of it. (Hear, hear.) In this 'view of their duty it night happen that there would be cause even to censure. the declaration of a high dividend, bat when such a dividend as the present was announced, and itwas ooupled with the fact that the affairs of the Bank had been so managed as to benefit the public as w.ell as the proprietors, it became doubly their duty to convey a suitable acknowledgvment to the Court. (Loud cheers.) It was pleasing, then, to knoiv that, although the' high dividend arose from the increased value of money, nol only here, but throughout the entire continent of Europe, the fact of the high rate of 'money had requred such great vatchfulness on the part of 'he' Court, of Directors that they had been enabled sotomanage the affairs of the Bankas to make the'm worthy of the thanks of the commerciil world, in addition,to those of their on proprietary.' (Hear, hear.) 'He attended there to speak, not only as a proprietor of the Bank, but also in his character as a commercial man intimately acquainted with the state of trade beyond the limits of the Bank of England, and he knew that'everywhere, both out of the Bank and in the Bank, there had been a keneral expression of opinion that the Bank of England, during the trying period of the last half-year, had been' so exceed. ingly well managed as to entitle the Cout of Directors to the thanksof the.public and.-to the' gratitude of the proprie-: tors.. (Hear, hear.) He had therefore much'pleasure in' moving thEatacordial vote of thanks be presented to the Court of -Directors for their conduct durmng the last halfyear. (Cheers.) Mr. M. C L had great pleasure in. seconding the motion, fully concarring, as he did, in everything which had been stated b the Lord Mayor. The measures of the Court of Directors had been marked, not only by great decision, 'but.also much ability. :(Cheers.) The Loun 3AYon then put the resolution amid cries of "All, all," and it vas camed with acclamation. He then moved that the resolution being one specially testifying to the ability and soundness bf management .during the late crisis, it should be advertised in the morning and evening papers. Lr. CL&nx having seconded this proposition, it was unanimously agreed to- Tihe GovuFs oR.-On behalf of the Court of Directors I have to thank you for the honour you have done us in pro- posing this special voteof thanks. The management ofthe Bank during the last halE-year has been a. subject of much anxietytouns, andi*is asource of great satisf action to.the Court of Directors to find that their conduct has met with the general ..pp.-oval of the proprietors. (Applause.) The Coure; then adjourned, the proceedings having lasted about a quarter of an hour.
PRIOR PAzx, NEAR BATH.-The sale by auction of the entire effects of the central mansion and of the two Roman Catholic Colleges of St. Peter and St. Paul, having lasted for 16 days, was brought to a conclusion on Taesday evening. Financial embarrassmentsled to the breaking up of this celebrated establishment; and the imporhtnce, mag. nittide, and unusual character of the aaction has had an effect in qjuarters where the influence of the auctioneer's hammer is seldom experienced. The " viewers" were to be numbered- by thousands, and the pecuniary result has been higbly satisfactory. The sale commenced with the books, of which there were above 1,000 lots. The private purchasers were many, and the trade of ondon was represented by Messrs. Nutt, Stewart, and Quaritch; that of Bristol, by Messrs Kerslake, Lasbury, &c. The two most valuable lots, however, the Bollaudist Lives of the Sa£ints; 54 volumes folio, were knocked down for 1151. to the Rev. W. Maskell, formerly of Exeter, but now of Clifton. Altogether the library produced between 1,2001. and 1,3001., many of the Tarest works being purchased for Downside, Stoneyhurst, and other Roman Catholic colleges. The sale of the gorgeous vestments, furniture, and church plate of the bishop's chapel attracted a large -attendance of dealers in works of art and antiquities from London, Manchester, Liverpool, Bristol, Dublin, and other oarts. The representatives of many of the Roman Catholfc establishments and of the nobility and gentry of that communion were also among the bidders for the choicest lots. The altar and tabernacle were sold conjointly, and, after a very close competition, were purchased for 601. for MIr. Herbert, of Llanarth-court, Monmouthshire. The bishop's throne sold for 91 lOs., and an organ, by Bishop, for 751. Seieral lots of ecclesiastical vestments realized prices vat7iug from 291. 7s. to 41. 4s. Among the church plate was a splendid chalice, described in the catalogVeas uniuque. It dates from the 16th century, is silver-gilt, and bears seven enamels of exquisitely minute finish, depicting the Last Supper, the Agony in the Garden, the Crncifixioh, the Martyrdom of St. Sebastian, and three other sacred subjects, each of which is -agem. The height of this beautiful work ofart is U inches; it was sold for 691. 6s. Andther prominent feature among the church plate was a beautifully formed and elaborately-chased silver-gilt monstrance, enriched with diamonds, rubies, pearls, opals, emeralds, sapphires, and other precious stones, which was knocked down for 881. 4s. But the most costly ornament w,as anZ ostensorium, an article intended to receive the consecratedwafer~on days when high mass is performed by a bishop. The receptacle is of glass, from 'which radiates a halo, the rays of silver gilt, and inlaid as well as the triangular supporting shaft with costly and beautiful gems. The entire work is nearly 5 feet in height. It was designed by Bernini for the high altar of St. Peter's, at Rome, was executed by Sciletti and Gelpi, and is studdied with upwards of 500 precious stones. This ostensorium is as gorgeous'as itistasteful; the cheraub maskswliich adorn the shaft are admirably introduced, and avworkiUn metal more beautiful in every respect can hardly be imagined.* It was parchased for Stoneyhutst College for 500 guineas; Some ivory crucifixes, admirable specimens of carving, brought respectively-l6L vsa. 6d:, 21. 0s., 71. 17s.'6d., and 7c. 1.s; Some of the best of the paintings at Prior Park were sold some years ago to stave off an earlier difficulty of the establishment, ana those which were left were not for the most part of a high class. The greater num'berrepresenteithersaintsoftheRomainortheeirlychurch or scriptural subjects. Four heads,,attributed to Francisca Herrara, St. Ambobse; St. Jerome; St. Gregory,and St. Austin sold respectively for '461., 161.,131., ad 341. A'sftiallhead of St. Anne, brought 25 guineas. The-altarpiece, however, was the great feature of the collection. It is by Vandyke, the Crucifixion being the subject. The Saviour on the crosg is represented with consummate skill; his countenance having the dignity of Deity combined with the resignation of man. iary Magd aln embraces 'the feet of 'her Divine Master with an expression and attitude 'of the profoundest ' grief; the- Virgin and 'the' other Mary fill up the other side of the; composition, their counenances 'suggestive of 'intense 'sorrow. This lot sold for the comparatively small.sum of :450 guineas.' The statuary, coins, and'bronzes fetched moderate prices. Altogether the sale realized about 7,5001., which we have reason to believe-is more than 3,0001. above the sum guaranteed by the auctioneers, Messrs. Rainey and J'Cookiey, of Bath. - - The Coopers' Co'pany have uiniimoiisly elected the Rey. John Garrett ascha_plain and master to the Strood charities at Egham, Surrey. Mr. Garrett presented testimionials from the Archbishop of York, the,Bishop of Winchester, and the Bishop of Oxford. MIr. Garrett retains a small rectory in Lincolnshire, to which he was presented by the late Lord Truro when Lord Chancellor, and he resigns the curacy of East Worldham and the chaplaincy of the Alton workhouse,
PARLIAZMENTAY INTBLLIGEBVC&. HOUSE OF LORDS, THSDAY,1OH -13. The Earlof SHATESBUR presented Petitions .anst opening theBritish MuseAm, Lc., on the Lord's-day from zailway operatives, Crewen* school teachers, Speanceistreetleaitifgton; Borongh-road chapel, Southwark; St. Bridens, tdonof; and board of Congregationl mnisters int and about lonsdon, and Westminstci. '- - - TO BEUEfIN ~IADi. ..'''~Th-e Earl of- AI.BE[A.RLE gave notice that on Monday,' April14, he wvould present a petition from certain inhabitants of the Presidency of Madras, complaining of the inflictionl of torture by the officers of Government, .attributing the practice to *eight ixl the assessment of the Government revenue, and praying for protectionr;'s4lo, tb4t he would move to resolve, - - "That bys reportlately lidon the tablo itis proved to the entire conviction of the Mouse that the infliction of -pain for the putse of confessionor extortion has longbeen practised, and Psuleontinues to be practised by the native of ioers of Government in the zealization of the public revenues and the administration of criminal law, to a greater or 'less extent, throughoutll the20provinces constitutinitheAGovernment of Madras; that the aforesaid torture,. althoiigh-'cLaildestine and unauthorized, has'been for many yearsaksnow and admitted by the constituted authorities at home and-in India, as shown by the public records ; tbat this Eouse views the aforesaid practice of torture, extending over so many millions- of Her Majesty's. .subiects, ",as 'an instrtment for: the. realizationL of the public revenues or the administration -of .-criminal law, or .for; any other purpose whatsoever,. as repugnant to public justice and highly disgraceful to the character of. this nation; that this House - hereby pledges itself to, pnrsue the speediest-and most effectualmeasures within its power for the annihilation of the odious and barbarous practice of tortore within the abovenientioned Government aud- Presidency of Madras." The same noble earl gave notice of his intention, immediately after the recess, to move for the production of certain papers connected with the sane subject. CHURCH-RiATES. The Bishop of ILANDAFF, after presenting a petition against the abolition of church-zates without, the Pubstitution of a sufficient equivalent,, took the opportunity; to correct a misunderstanding which prevailed with respect to a bill on the subject of church-rates laid on th& table of the house last year bv the most rev. prelate 4the"Arcibishop of Canterbury). It had been generally undersodthit that measure had received the sanctior of the whole of the episcopal bench, and a statement had been made that those blshops to whom it had been submitted had not objected to it. HIe, however, had the misfortune not to take the same view with regard to that measure as the mo~st rev. prelate. He wras sure the most rev. prelate would- excuse lum for recalling to his recollection the fact that he (the Bishop of Llandaff) begged to disclaim any participation in the bill. EARlS. -. '- - The Earl of ELLENTBOROUGH asked the Under-Secretary for Foreign Affairs whether any inquiry had been made with regard to the papers to which he had referredthe other evening as being necessary to complete the correspondence now before the House respectiLg the fall of Kars? Lord WODEHOUSE said, there was no letter.from Lord Panmure stating that General W. illiams ought to have the direction of the supplies of the Turlish army, the word "Fanmure" being very probably a mistake for "Clarendon," as there was a letter from Lord Clarendon to Lord Stratford, printed at page 145 of the paperS expressly recommending that General Williams should have the direction of the supplies. General Williams guaranteed the payment which had been referred to by the noble earl on his own responsibility, no authority hanvig been given to himtoguarantee funds or supplies. That payment was made by Tahir Pasha, as appeared from an enclosure in the samne desPatch. The returns as to the Toikish Loan had efore the House of Commons, and could, of course, be laid before the Hoouse of Lords. The correspondence with regard to Schamyl, alluded to 'by the.noble earl, had no reference to Kars. Lord Stratford had vwritten privately to General Williams to endeavour to obtain the release of theRussianladiestaken prisoners-by Schamyl, and General Wiliams then wrote to Schamyl, who replied that before he received the general's letter he had. already released the ladies. There had, however, been a correspondence with a view generally to obtain the co-operation of the Circassians in the war, but it could not -be produced, as it mi'ght compromise individuals. It was, for. obvious reasons, impossible for Her Majesty's Government to produce returns of the armies of our allies; and, while the war still continued, it would be not only imconvenient to give precise returns of the number of British troops at a particular period, but would also be contrary, as he was informed, to the established practice; but this was a question rather for the War Department than for the Foreign-office. The Earl of ELLENBOROUGH expressed his great sur prise at finding that the measures for provisioning and rel-ievingKarshadbeen conducted by the Foreign Deparment, as, without criticizing the ability which had been displayed by that department, it appeared muich more reasonable and natural that those measures should have been left to the Minister for War. - Since he had last addressed their lordships he had discovered that the letter to which General Villiams had referred was not, as he had supposed, a letter -froma Lord Panmure, but a letter. from Colonel Mundy, stating the opinion of lLord Paumure. He had also found that the -letter from General 'Wiiams . to - Lord Clarendon, with regard to a project for obtaining baggage for the army, was aletter in the nature of a report, andwas referred by Lord Clarendon to the War Department. Colonel mundy's answer to that letter was, that Lord Panmure was of opinion that it would be impossible for him to do anything in the matter unless-he were allowed to exercise more discretion in organizing the anny of Ears. He gathered from the noble- lord's statement that'no authority had been given to :General Williams to guarantee the payment of any sums . of money for the purpose of provisioning Kars, and likewise that no sums of money or supplies had beer at any time placed in the hands of General Wiliams. for that purpose. - If that factwere admitted, he wished to know whether GeneralWilliams had ever made any request to the Government, either for power to guarantee the payment of money, or to be furnished with Su lies! He was not satisfied with the fact that General WViarams had not received supplies, and had not been empowered to guarantee the payment of moiiny;- he wished. to know whether he as7ked for thiat power; and, if he had asked'for it, whether he had obtained it? 'He was perfectl_ satisfiedwith the noblelord'sstatementthatthe Government had at any rate made an endeavour to obtain the co-operation of Schamnyl. He thought the noble lord was quite mistaken as to the effect of a statement of the number of troops * employed in operations which' had taken place some time ago. Nto doubt it would be contrary to all reason to ask for the exact number of British, Turkish, or Sardinian troops engaged in hostilities at the present mioment, but it was in accordance with the practice of Parliament in the best times, after some Period had gone by, for the fullest information to be laid before Parliament for the purpose of enabling them tojudge of the conduct' of the Government. He could recollect long before he was a rinember of Parliamentthat the most minute 'details connected with the expedition of Sir John Moore were given after the battle of Coranna. At a subsequent period the most minute details were furnished to Parliament with regard tothe Walcheren expedition. This was the ordinuay custom in former times, and it was contrary to reason that they should not be informed officially, in order that they might notice officiallv that which was practically known to all -of them, but with regard to which it was essential for them to have correct information before they could fomi a judgment upon the conduct of Her Maesys Ministers. (Hear, heir.) When he knew that no supplies had been furnished to General WilDams, and that no money had been placed in his hands, he knew what opinion to form of the' conduct of the Goverment, previoustotheixivestinentof lEarshe knew that they had ~done nothing whatever 'for the purpose of enabling General Williams to put sup plies into-that fortress, (Hear, hear.) But he wished further .to ,know what had .been the conduct of the allied Governments after the investment, and in order to form a judgment upon their conduct it was -necessary forhim to know what was the nunmber of troops at -their disposal. He believed he prettywell knewthe number from the information he already possessed.; In the middle of July the Turks had6(10,000 meninthe'Crimea, 0,000 in Bul.garia, nominally 10,004) at Batoum-ofwh'oin, probably, not more than 4,000 were effective--General Vivian's Cores of 8,000, and General Beatson's Corps of-:3, 000. It was Ins belief that the number of the forces of the French, E nglish, and Sardmnian's at the same period, before Sebastopol, was within 1,000 above or below l00,0O0men. If he was right as to the number, there was nothing which that army, well appointed and well handled, ought n'ot to have been able -to dowithoutthe assi stance of theTuzks. Napoleon conquered Italy with 60,000 men; Wfellington never had more than 60,000 men at his disposal in the Pen3nsula. Napoleon had only the same number when he defended' Pamis against 200,000 of the allies. If, therefore, an army of 100,000 men was before- Sebastopol in" the- middlb of July, they knew 'what opinion to form of the conduct of the Government in not sending assistance to Kars. There ought to be placed on the records of Parliament an account of the mannerin which the Government had disposed of the resources at their command, and he assured the noble lord that he would fnd, on looking back to former wars, that no Government had ever made the slightest objection tolay before Parliament details of the nature of those for which he asked. The -Earl-of MAIfA SBURY had already given notice of a question on this subject. - Their lordships would remem. ber that a campaign took place before Kais previously to that of General Williams, ' and that Kars on that occasion was partly fortified by General Guyon,iwho was an Englishman by -birth,' who entered - the- Austrian' service, and had been one of the'most'distinguished--officers in the Hungarian war. HIe wished to ask whether any correspondence had taken place-between theEnglish and Turkish Governmnents, through our ambassador at-Constantinople, rclative to the recall of General Guyonr-y-the TprkasGovermnent; '-und, also, whether any correspondenoce had-- taken place -reltive 'to the military comimand held'by.General Guyon in the Turkish service, to which he belonged" Lord WODEHOUSE said- hat a correspondence had t;ken place between the English ambasador at Constanti- iople and.the-Tirkish Government-ith-regard to General Guyon, but thatit was notthougbtadv-isable topubli6hit. As -far ache remembered, General WilliZns 'never-did 'ask for authority to-raise supplies, or to guarantee tfie payment of funds. 'The noble earl was probably right in his estimnate 'of the numbers of the allied armies. -The Foreign-office was not in possession of the numbers of the armies at the period to which the noble earl referred, although there might be returns at the War-office on the subject; but he doubted whether any correct opinion conld be formed from the nm=bers of the allied arniy before Sebastopol aa to the ope. iationswhchmight rlinbnndertaken by 'a portion of that anry for the rlief of ara. XUW1AGh-WITH A- DECASEED WIFEr1 SISTER. Earl ST. 6ERMANS,, in bringing in a bill-to lejaliza -m ge with adeceae wife's ister, said that hehul in . formerseson brought in alill on this subject which'their lsds1.dshadiectedon:ssecond reading by s large.va'onty He Heho idbe wantinj ' respect to their lo1i * 'fheere agani to lzy that 1i ltupO the table,s apd be'hat ibereforethougt it desirabiethat.i* the bill which he held in his hand an:alteration should. be ade'in' one- important particiar. In the b;ll now before ,the .Househe did not prhpose to tsrench on, or interfere 'with, the canon law. He, terefore, did not propose to petmit clergymen or even Dissenting miiisterssto solemnize these Marriages, and- the bill pronided that- theyshossld inot be solemnized 'except in'a registrar's offlce. The thenread a first timne. The Mfutiny, Bill, the EPine Miutiny MMl, the Consolio dated 1?und (16,,00 and the Drainagel Advanesw A cts Aendment Bill rwere read a third time. od I V J1JDICIAL STATISTICS. ' lord BROUGHAX- said that, since he last brought' the subject of judicial statistics before their;l ordips,'suggestions had been made' for their imnprovesent which he:, propoeed to incorporate, in additional ,resqlutions. l lt:zhadl ippei also thit, si.nce that discussion took.place, occasions adw raen to aoioithe great -aat of,'judicial -statistics. Hg had been reminwded titthe areschiren ot .the> only -ontinental 'people whose' judicial itai"tics appoached nearly to prfection, since-those-of Beilium and te Sariin Stastes were Sn-a most adnxirthle state. If a similar zystesn- were in exnstence in this' country, it would be rnost' satisfactory for the noble .mrquis (Lansdowne) to consult the tables of eidl eure upon the effects 'of that most useful iraprovement of lat assion-6the entire abolition of. the usury laws. It would,' perhaps, be better to commit this pn3tter to the statistical department of the Board of Trade, which existed already and was ably conducted under the direction of Mr. Fonblanque. In the Home Department; also, Mr. Redgrave hbad accomplished wonders in giving the returns which they now posioLsed. He hop the vretched economy which had hitherto been practised WCould be abindoned, and that Mr. Fonblanque and r. ledgave, with' iuh assistance as ought to be aforded them, would render nlore'coinplete the statistical iformation of the country., He 'should withdrawthe resolutions be had already moved, for the purpose of moving them again with the addition of others, uakdngina1124; and he trusted they wounld receive the serious attentioni d' his noble aid learned kfrie4d durisg the approaching recess. The IORD1) CHANCELLOR assured the'noble lord that the difficult and complicated matters involed; ii these 2t resolutions would receive immediate and serious attention. The motion, that the amended resolaLtion 'be substituted, vas agreed to. - TORTURE IN INDIA-,. The Earl of ALBEMARLE expresed his astonishment that the home Goverment could not, without communication with India, furnish returns of the number of taxpayers and taxgatherers, which he had moved for when recently directing attention to the existence of torture asa means of extracting revenue from the unfortunate inhabitants of the Madras presidency. NATIONAL EDUCATION. The Earl of SAYTESBURY said, the -noble earl the President of the Council had laid on the table of their lordships' House a bill upon the important subject of education, which had been eirculated throughout the country and created some excitement. Another bill on the same subject had since been introduced into -the other house, which he would not saywasbetter, but was of a more coraprehensive character. It would be very desirable if, before the adjournment for the, recess, the noble earl would state wiether it was the intention of the Goverment to proceed with that meagure. Earl GRANVILLE.-Ater the question put by- the noble earl, may be permaitted to saya fewwords in explanation of the intentions of the Government with regard to this bilL If I remember rightly, on the first day of the session some disappointment was expressed that Her Majesty did not revert to the subject of education in the Speech from the Throne. That- was not done, because Her Majesty's Government did not see any prospect of carrying, in the present session, any realy great scheme of national education. At the same time, it -was far from their intention to neglect any means which would. promote education, and with that view I had the honour- of posing through your lordships' House a small- -bill"with referenceto the constitution of an educationalboard There havebeen also minutes agreed to by the Committee of Privy Council on Education to extend the capitation grnts which have had so beneficial an effect in the raral districts; but, of-course, those minutes cannot be carried but until a vote of the other House of Parliament has been obtalna. What. ever' differences of opinion may -exist as to the proper re&iuedy-whether it should be left to a voluntary system, to a system of State support, to a system of local rates, or to any other of the many plans which have been proposedHer Majesty's Government' feel.'stronglythat the present state of educationis not one which it is desrableltokeep in tau zio. (Hear, hear.) -One fact has been mentioned so frequently- that LfeW people can be-ignorant of it-hat.by the last census- there were 5,000,000 children'inl Enland between the ages of 5 and 15,- of which 2,000,0DO were at school receiving more or less education,;l,QOO,000 were at worlr, and 2,000,000 were neither at-schoolnorat wdA3. The mere fact of there be 2,000,000 children neither at school nor at *ork conclusively proves thatit is our businessto'try to improvethis s;tate of things., -4Hear, hear.). 1 may say with rasd to the census retums, that in some pirts of the countryr, pirticuLarly in Linco,nahire, great pains have been aken to ascertain their truth. I-myself,, by means of the senior inspector of schools, sided by some of the residents, examineduvery thoroughly o of t-h large districts of London to see how far the statements of -the.census.were borne out'by the facts.- Inboth instances the arithmuetical accuracy of the census was fullyproved. Withtheseviewvsitwrasimpor. tantfor the Government to considerwlhether anybill should be introduced or not. Tehe experlience of Education Bills, introduced by both parties, was not-very-mcourging asto the chance of passing such a billthroughParliinent. (Hear, hear.) It was also a matter of consideration whether therE was anything in previous education bills which created unnecessary and additional difficulties inpaning them, and it appeared to Her 3Majesty's Government that one ol the reasons of their failure was,- that thev were toc comprehensive, -decided too many points; indicated- toc many precautions, so that there vrere enlisted against them many classes of educationalists- who differed amonD themselves as to the parts which- were -objectionable. I do not-think-there is anything more ma-rked in the English character than the rluctance of the people to commit them. selves to any absolute theory in matters of this-sort, while, in practice, nothing is more likely to occur than for them to carry out their object in a ptactical wray, 'and to avoid questions which it is impossible to settle by letisative sanction. (Hear.) Although mrany represe'ntatives of opposite modes of thinlnng on the question of edacatioi in the other house might not agree in a great many of the resolations 'proposed by their respective opponents, I should not be afraid to meet four or five of those gentlemen in their oivn district, and I should not despair of establishing practically a very good school, which would meet all the requirements of the neighbourhood. (Hear, hear.) The Government have also tonsiaered what bills passed through'Pirliament last year. There were two bills which had a bearing on the subject of education-one establishing the principle that assistance should be givren out of the poor-ates for the education of the children of paupers receiving .oatdoor'relief; and the ether allowing parishes, districts, and every kind of - loca government to raise rates for the support of public libraries heneverI shall havethe honour- of moving thesecond readingofthebillto whichthe noble earlhasreferred, Ishall be able to show that even during the very short working of these two acts instances have occurred which singularly illustrate the advantages they have afforded in the promotion of edu-cation. I shall be able 'to adduce instances of parishes in which voluntary rating has been resorted to, where the clergyman has expressed an opinion -that great improvement had ensued, to the immense increase of coinfort, andavoidanceof disputes amongtheparishionirs. (Hear. Ishallbeable to shovr, with regard to-themetrooolitan districts, that the ratepayers have never refused tS make most munificent provicSion for the education of pauper children. For -these reasons, the Government was of opinion that abiRofmore simple character than ny which has hitherto been: proposed would have a better chace of meeting the favour of Parliament. I should -be- the very last person to undervalue the advantages'of -the Committee of the Privy CounciL I believe theexertions of- that committee have increased enormously of late years, and our lordships are scarcely aware of the good.zesults which have followed these exertions. I shall belad to 'have an opportunity of maldng a statement, in order to rectify some allegations which are really'not facts, although generally assumaed to be such by those who have taken iat la discus- sions upon this sabjeat. I agree that thcefforts of the Committee of the Privy Councl maybe increased with adyantage, but I cannot shut my eyes to the fact that a time meat come when the strain upon- the. -central aisthority will be greater than it can bear,- ind,-,for. one, am of opmion that, in whatever wav 'e 'do it, we must ultimately have recourse to something. likelocal self-govern. ment to carry on the education of the country. Upon these grounds, the biUlmerely proposes to allow town-councils and parishes to rate themselves for the puiipose of promotin education. I know that many objectons. ca be rsed bt I will not now go into them, nor anticipate the discussion upon the bill; b 'ut the princpleon-whi h.wc havegone is to introduce nounnneessary restrictions;and to leave as much aspossible to the good sense of thc districts themaelves. I be2leve that good sense will, in nignerous. instances, be enabled to solve qtestions and religious differenoewhich itis almost impossible for Parliament to decide. I think that is an experiuent well worthy of a trial b a permissive bill such as Ihavelad the honour to proPOse. sto the course -which I pursued when Imoved the firstieding of the bil, lozdy adopted the usual one ofmaldn.no' obserrtions but it wasmy mtentionin a fortnight or three .weekslmfterwards to move the. nd reading. My -noble friend (Lord Shaftesbury):wko h~ag taken a great interest upon the general subject, suggeatotome to postponethe secondreading fora 'little oioner ttine>'s he ksnewv some persons would consider themselves taken by surprise if -there was an appeaance ofranyithing like haste. .I yielded tthat suggestion, and sice then a debate has occurred in another place, in which Lord J. Runssell, speaking- with the authorty which he'must .POssess upon such. subject, made one of the -mostcomprehensive- statement respecting education in this country which it was vei;my fortune to hear. I do not iish tosay one word as to ai~ suggestions which he made, except that they cannot fail,, lioh from their intrinsic 'imeportance and the source whene thiey-come, to receive mo'St careful attention. The whQre'of the lrge subject embraced in that statenien islikllyo b fuly 4seused an anuch larger field wil bethe opnedtha wold e afored by the smaller lil which I have had tbehbonotztoinD dS Jrf0r it is desirable I Ihould further postpone the lcnd ading for a short time, in orderto mee -ihat ize' thei6ess rincipal promoters. of education. bef6re,I .*duble your JordEbips to.deide upon the meiite of my bilL When we do approach.the subjec, no doubtwe shall dso*with !be same earnest, desire einced by the othe 'Eusewo Parlia. maent to comne to a fair conclufion upon. the, en of ofi most imp6rtant Social question.' (aer.). - - :. Xne Earl ef BRAI ICKE thoxtftit *ouldL'be a fit sibiect . for the-Government Litti'ig -in.the CabinEt to tonEider the state of the educatioi proVIdedLfor..theO.*My an( IAvTy. -Ile had called attention to tLe *Wtea~ of 4d&cation provided -or young offcers in the nay, axid;1Ar-bvrd that romethimglad beex done, but *hzt* it .' h&ui3d not teLt In thd ,n,y there had been' : grea1' -vertr of education; estt.bhsiente *hich; had eiistedilor years bad beeu iaudde*y:closed in the fSce of-those:wboe-mmes 'w&e7. do.for4d ssioh'lto ihen- e- 'wisehed to know What systeo 4f edu-pn ikisTibu provide-fo-i tht mSliAy and naval-seariie, or wether tibeie was tohe'none at AM? EArl GRANJIM EZ' , *le MibAect iefen4 to by the noble earlhid not been overookea-by tTe Gveniimr, who conzi(ered:it oE great importaioe and &yhe tamrenmwcar attention.: ,. X - . nhe'irl'of- SA F I SBUYobeer6tiat-he had not intended to dispute te accur' of 'he Census returs. No doub t`here were 2,OOO,OOG chilOrOeI ,ithoait 'eduaon; but itmus otedntierred from that fact. hat there were o?laces .of educition for thou..-c-ildrejL,- He believed there were pIaces of eduatioi in ii country. fo± far a3ore th tiniber. n :- - The subject thefi dropped. ' ' '' - CHUCH- RATES'... ; Earl GREY, in presenting spetition praying that c=nrchzates might not be abolished without Vroviien-1eingmade for the due performance of Divine servioe 'expressed his concurrence with the prayer of the petiti<eers, and went even further in tbinlcing tiat theee wano occasion for any chanIge in the existing law. He ver,ymuchidoubted wrhether it was possible to effeet any change which would not leave the country in a worse state-upon-this subject than it wae at present.. -a - Their lordship6 then adjourned, at 10) minutes past 6 ~' i c . ; _ _ _ _ _ _
! OUSE OF CO£1ONS, TBSDJA-Y, MIAC 13. The SPEARXR took the chair at 4 o'clopk. The Colonial Bank, the E-ast of FIfe Railwayi the Xnot-tingley Gad, and the london Docks Bills were read a third tiie and passedl.- Petitions were presented in favowr of the Factories Bill by Mr; TOLnxsAcrm, from Mesars. Reade and Co., Rfesmrr Ginder and Co., and 3Mesr. Pearson-and Co., of Coagleton; by MSr. BALzs, from 88 factory occupiers at Leeds; by r. COBBErTj- from Messrs. Mill- and Co., James Greaves, Joseph Wild, Samuel Taylor and Sons, Samuel Eadeliffe and Sans, and willi~ Smethurst, of Oldhain; aso from Thie worldag people of Jales M'Clelland. at Banbr de a i thc county or Downa, in favour of the Bleachers' Bill; by lord (lOnracn, fromM3lr. J. Schofield, of Tittleborough, Lancashire, ad from Messrs. E. Whittaker, of Todmordem, Lanctiare; 1'y Mr. w,KEnAw, from W..Firnley and Co., Stockport from Messrs. Topp and Hurdley,ef Farnworth; and froiniiessrs. James Burton and Sons, and their workpeople, ofXylaesley; by Mr. BAN-Es, ifrom Henry Ashworth and yons, Tlrton, nearBolton ; JameaW dle,son, and Co., Daroy Lever, Bolton- Peter- Martin, Bolton; John Hindley, Farnworth, near Iolton ;'and James Hodgkinson and Co., Bolton; by Mr. F. CnsrOy, from John Hargreaves, of Heywood, Lancashire- William Frisbram of Bolton; and from owners and workmen of Hey, Ltncashire, and by Mr. W. Rnow_ f,rom M1essrs. Eelsall and Eemp, of RIochdale; from Mr. HenyWaimnsIey, of Failsworth, and his managers; Messrs. Constudine and Keshaw, of Littleborough, and their overlooers; -es. X and S. Kershaw, of Guidebridge, andtlkeir overobLers; medsrs. JamegWilinson of S eybridge:eMessrs. ephBowland and Sobs, of Oldhamn; M,essrs.O Boothf Patrecro%t and their osverloakers; MIessrs. ' Jond Co.,eoc and:Brothers, of Waterhead, near Oldham,tMessrs. Amitago and Ward, MIanchester; and James Thackerny andS Brothers7 Staleybsidg,e. Petitions were presented against lhe abolition of churchrates without an equivalent, by Sir W. Himucorr, from the parishes of Bray and Cookham (including the borough of Maidenhead) and Easthampetead, and from the distaict of Bracknall and Cranborne St. Peter's, 'all in the archdeaconry of Berkshire; by Mr. AsDiRLWay, from Tutbury; anrd a petition against church-rates-was presented by Sir W. CLAY from the congpregation- !f Trinity-street chapel, Southwark. Petitions were presented against opening the British useum, Crystal Psalace, end-such places of amusement on. the Lard's-day, by Mr. G. Duxcvf, from the minister, elders, and ulembers of -the congregation: of St. John'sEstablishEed Church, Dundee; by'Mr,.W. NWNm S., from various ?ai;hes of the, 3netropolis; and ',by MIr. TOLtc Crewe and Wheelack. a Petitions. wire also presented by-Sir S. NOTorcoSr from the clergy, churchwardens, -ad. parishioners of St. James's, Devnport, praying that the -jua claims of thechurch in regard to property may be respected in any settlement of the church-rate question; by llr. ROLT, from the churchwarlens, overseers, governors, and direcfors of the poor of the parish of St. NiEcholas, Deptr6rd, against the Metronolis Local Management Amendment Act; by Mr. LOCKiE KNG, from Edward Mark Neman, complainin; of losses by the. delays and expenses:of the Court o Chancery, and praying for investigation - by Mr. h )AvD (2), from parishes of Blaenpnal and SiAi, Cardiganshire, against the remioval of St. -D is{Coe froz Larmpeter and praying that the Ecclesiastical Commsssioners shonld hgtve.pwertoincrease the endowment of-St. David7s College; byMr. XmE)Iaw from the Sloemakers Incorpora tion of rerth, in favour of the PeithBborugh and Hafbour Bill; by Mr. MATonrn&mxs, fros thepIactitioners ci medicine Tesident at Berwick-upon-Tweed, in favour of the -edical Profession Bill, andby Mr. PMs.r.&n,,from the dealers and consuners of hay-and straw in the metropolis, praving -for au inquiry into the frauds in the hay and straw trade , , - B;EGISTRATION IN'T SCOTJLt`D. Iii answer to Mr. A.. lA.snr LordD)UNCANT (correctinzg as wenderstood, a statement made in the other House of Parliament) said that the co* of the books funished for registration ii 'Scotland had eot amountad to more than 3, 0O. for the firs year, and 2,000. for each subsequent year. The total expense of carmug oult t;he Registration Act in Scotland h ad been au 18,000L. a-year, including3,000L n-year forpostage; and the average cast per head- of the whole niumber regiteredl did not'auiunt to mare than 2s. THE COLONIAL CHUROCH *On the motion of Mr. GrAxsTo.Nm , addresses were agreed to for copies or extracts of recent correspondence on colonial chuch afirs in the dioceses of the colonies of Canada, Victoria, and Jamaica. * IEDIUCATION IN SCOTLANTD. In answer to Mr. Dmaop, The LORD-ADVOCAT said, he proposed to ask for leave,. on the 31st inst., to bring in a bill to regulate the parochial schools-in Scotland, and also to bring in a bill to promote education in the burghs of Scotland. - . TEE B3ALLOTS Mr. H. BERELEY gave notice -fat shortly after Easter he should bring forwardthe question of the balot. T METROPOUS LOCAL MAAGEmENqTC ,&C Viscount CHELSEA rose, according to notice, to ask the bon, and learned gentleman t'he Attornei-General whether lehIad not given it as his opinion that by the provisions of the Metropolis Local Management -Ase 18th and tnh -of Victoria, chap. 120, sec. 8, all existing vestries, -whether general or otherwise,were superseded, and their powers trans-'erred to the vestries constituted under thbsaid act? In order that he might make a short statement the noble lord said -that he would conclude with a motion. He then stated that ataninterviewwhich hehad-withtheAttorney-Generalaome time ago that hon. and learnedgentlem'n informed him that he had n doubtponthismattek' butthat, asdoubts had arisen in the minds of some pefsons, he intended tointroduce a measure which should settle the question. and which he would endeavour to pass into law before Easter. That measure was introduced andv as read a second tine, after vwhich it was, in deference -to a somewhat irregular opposition, postponed until after the E aster Imolydays. Easterwaas the tnme at wvhich mnost of- these vestries were elected, -and it'was therefore most important that this ques. tion should be settled at once.: He hoped that the hon. and learned gentleman would give to his' 'qu6eAia reply of so decided.a character as would prevent fthiie doubt and liti.. gation. The noble lord, after asLing the -question, concluded by moving the adjournment of the Haie._---, The ATTORNEY-GENERAL haidly knew whether he ought to aswer the question which' ba4- been put to him. Though itwas not very regular that he should beasked what opinion he had given to parishes-whichhad consulted him' professionally, he had told themohle lord that he should be happy to answer such a question; but he did not expect lhat the noble lord would, in putting it, takethe opportunity of attaildng the hon. member far Fisbury and himself for the course which had been pursued -with reference to the Metropolis towal Management Act Amendment BiL HRe had, in point of fact, given such an opinion-as was stated in the 'question put to 1im by the noble lord, but the noble lord liad altogether misunderstood him-if e supposed that. he haa stated that lhe had given- that opinion withcTit any doubt." He believed it was but a day-ortwd ago that he had. told the noble lord that on this- questiod he entertained great, doubts. He had given an opinion that the new vestries had succeeded to the old ones in' the metropolitan, I parishes, but he had given it with the greatest possible heui; tation and distrust of its soundness.:. Tlhe ,eighth section oE the Metropolis Local Management Act Aransferred al the powers of existing vestries to tEe new. vestries, but it made a reservation.in these words "-exoept as hereinafter provided." It 'happened, nnfortuntel; that there was no provision thereinafter which had the effeeb of qualifying the terms of :this - clause; but the machinery provided by the. act, was undoubted}y not in harmony with the idea of a transfer q0f all the powers of the old vestries to the new ones. He tbQught that i,wa s doubtful which way the question .i-ouldbe decided if -it shouldcome toajudicial decison. -His a inionwas,that. the terms of the eighth section wvoul1'prevAil, and that th6 powers were transFerred tco the' neviestries, but informaj_ tionuwhich bAdrecently reached him abhawed that, ata l} events for ecclesiastical purposes, thl imlachinery of the new act was incapable of carrying out i' the po*ers of the ola vestries. The question was in such a state that there must be further legislation npon' it, andlhe brought in a bill with a view to ptrevent litigation and expense. Hle found that ^ strong feeling had been excited in the irshes, and that, instead of desirntg that the matter shouldite settled at anoe, they seemned to prefer litigation. They as;ked for timre to discuss the matter and to present their case to the 1egislaa
PARLAMENTARY NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. FRTnAV M&Rf¶c 1.4 nRt-Q ow n - I. bupply-Committee. Ways arnd Means-Committee, Vice-Presidentof Committee of Council on Education Bill-Second Jreading. Po;iice.Counties and Boroughs) Bill-Committee. Carlis;e Canoinqes Bill-Seconda pdine. Married Women's Reversionaxy Interest BiU-Coteittee. Turnpike Trusts Arrangement sm-Consideration of Lsrds' Amendments. Publio Workls, &c., BilUlCommittee, injtiWion. xplatoy nOTcriptiF orcs g g"bre aounsf.h eea'intuto ton s the pu xOin Lethe teexeseo ar Alor. Eart-To inquire whether ns y progrel has been made in carrinzi,a~sofr,i,fe tho o,i se,tlorrlussOe dlurn to,l late ]#SO ,oxf P,rll-U ment, that tbere should be aglxedorappended tothepaintinds, statues, and other e orks of art, to specgensas or iUtraticns of stheece, *ntquities, pubhe monumaents, Ind historical memorials in our public intitultions, explanatory inscriptions, giving a 'brief account of the subject, date. hibtory, and author of the ork, so as to afford some generaPinstruction to the pubic pndopaoe them the expense of purcausingan catalogue- Also trossinquir wiheuthber maponstiled ladotdfrgi igtcbi thsercomtoardation ofahedater numbder ofseats ryoundthe treea in differentprts or ecensiakton-wardenste syexlaminathe parkt? Viscount Raynhesoa-To sli the Attorney General whether, as by he act of the 18th snd 19th of Victoria, chaep. 1u , metropolitan resries nd distBrct boaryDs are-em powered to asppoin the tonpaly Lpoens cnigthe om ssintreets,hewillen tmae pr? so nteMtooi oa Man agementkAct amendmenthBil ifor preventingdperso from sweeping crosing withoutsbeing appointed and whicby those TestrieS and district boards? Jlor. Aurgnus -To ask whewther ay te gtriaon ot f dathe ourte 3hitlag.Reidenth Roatlh Courtary Tcanjoe re oDmmede, tol teheU Gon .or zubjlects ofsuch examintaitficonwbte pu5blis;hed fr the inos matione of candidates, andthenT Bor. Brailey tIoore.-To s ask what he s beoen the total expense ncurred ugder the royal Commission,s dated the l9th day of Mfarch, 18n3, to inquxire into the local charges upon shipping, from the date of the commission to the e resent timea fr. Halnkey,-To aw k hether it is intended to have a dial to the large clock of the houses of Parliament on which the figures wil be legible,tah the models heretofore exhibiteddo not appear inely to scarry out that objecto Mfr. Murrou5h,-To ask wnhether it in true that o the death of the late hMaharaish of Tunjore. in October last, without male inanle, the British Resideut at the Court oE Tanjore recommepto the Government at Madras that the late Mahiaraja's youngest daughter should asuceed to the vacant Guddy, aud that notwithstandh g such recommendmtion the Madras Gorerment forwarded a repast to the Board of Directors, wherein, instead of reomnme4ding the SUrXiceon of rich youngest daughter, they suggeslted the extiniction of the Raj.and the grint of a pesion to the faumily of the late ahfaraja, in bey thereof; alo, whether it is true that the local Government hiave taken possession of the territor and estate ot the late Maharajae, and left nearly 1,000 of his relatives and servantr umprorided with the means of sup ort dumng the time tho s question of succession in rending before the Court of Directors; also, whether any and whrt instructions have been sent out to the Govem4ment of Madras for providingfor the succas3ion to the Guddy, andthe support of the family if the late Mhaharaiah 2 To ask the Presrdent of the Board of Control whether he is aro that a memorial of his Highness the llahamjah of Jodpore, in referCnce to the claim of his family to the Raj of Ahmednlaers which on the 9th of Aumgust, 1a54, was submitted to the Board of Cntrol and by theml required to be forwaarded throunhthent tothfficer athisHighness's court, had been since tendered to the British Resident at Jod pore, and that he had reosed to receive it for.tran mission and. whether the IndiawBoad have any objection, under the circumstances, 'o recommend the Court of Directors toreceive such memorial from 1he aventt of the eaharaa mnow in London ? 8ir lrskiz,e Perry.-To preaest a petition from Elizabeth Barrett Browning, Mary Howitt. Mrs. Gsukell, Mngo Cowden Clarke, Mr. Crlisle, and others, complainingmoThest of the. law as it andects theearngs andpropertyof marriedl omen, and praying the} ouse to apply a remedy. Mfr Lowe,Select committee to inquire s nd rePOrt to the Hlouse to what extent, and in what manter, the recommendtions contsinedin the reports of the commiasinners appointed to- inquire int- local chargesupon shippang, presented to both Houses of Parliatent by cummand of HerMajesty, ought to be cMariedinto effect. Sir F. Thesiger.-To move, rs an amendment to o r.eowde'rs motion ee ofthe bsi~e.T ,, 6an d17o th words afterhe wor1.- and T7'-House," fo the. prpoe ofLP i n6rgbura in the o , eon stahtasueveramatters referred to the groeminioners appointed by er Mrajesty to inquire into local charges upon shipping mn the ports of the umied kingdom and island of Jerey, Guernsey, AIlerney, Sark. and Man." SrMrtzBonvejIel-Billlforrthe improvementof the niversitandwColhe Soleitr-fenra,-Bill to abolish the jurisdiction of the Ecc1esistiralCodts-inall matters relatingtortheprobateof willsandgrant of lettera of administration, to establish a cou t of probate, and otherwa amend the lat id relation to the administration of the estates of deceased persons. -~+4 Viscount PaJmeraton,-To move the adjurgnment of the House untiL Monday. the 31st of March .-Cm itte -Presi forDreturn of thE tables of feesdeterm-nuedon by each of the haritmoatsseu dnuer ande the amutothg tiea 85, 16 and 17 Of Victoria, chap. opi and 17 and 18 of Victoria, chap. 8,7, fdr burials in the consecratod and naconsecrateb ground roe csectiorely. Mr. Edwrd 1oldlce,-Return relative tothe Hiydrographical Smurey of the Norths. eat Coafst of Scotland, Sir Fiti Roy roely.-Bieu for the fother amendment of the lw of procedure and evidene. Sir Stafford Nobeecote,-Addtetsfor returnof thenumber of children thder 15nyears of age (dtinguishing boys fromgirl atin prison chools at the latest date forwshich thesarse can be<"iven: schoos asistred wi0fthin,tepasnt nyeiar 24as rscahoolsgof industry by the Committee of Privy Council for Elncatioo . ahowring the -number in each school at the ltest date, and the amount of the grant in each sfr.aSpooner,-Statement of the various sumsexpended at Endeld facwory, under the folowing heads, in the yearsa 1854c and in 1855-6:bGldigs, machinery and cost of putting up and altering mchinery. Return of the numsier of cases of arbifration in each year under the 43d section of the b'acrry Act. -Colonef Boldero,-Copi sof the agreement or centract made with Maesars. Grasseo and Co., for the sepply of mort as or gus (Iepon). Of specfication of iron to be used. Os the corresponrdence betwteen the ments have been made, togentes withethued athengdos. on letiur o the .uwbel of guns and mortars (iron) provd at Woolvtich, from the 1st of January, 1Th y to the lst of January, 186; sating the numher rejected, and the cause of rejection in esch case -Cr. I:nyard,-To ask the names and armament of the veasels tof wake c place, r o tecaueed hled tos r toe procuee tof the Persacon Gulf fromn or Iedan Poaseb ionl, b Wher thaesrtrheCourst ofrDirectors, or' Thdian Government, have been called npon to prepa,re aunexpediMion ain Persia, Whether any information has been received to ct7o effect that Persia ie preartng or conteCplating an expedition fgainteHerat, orsanyrpat tof Chetr l Asia, Whether7the expense of any demonstration against Persia, or of a war with that country, are to be borne ytherevennes fthe unitcd7;mngdom or ofslndia. Mnrfr. DunboliTht uonofthursdaytes1ath nofArilncext,onsdemupon, al csubsequeing Thursdnays durngethen tsesion,ormdem ,f the d,oaylaov precedence of noticesiof motion. l Colonel French,-To lak w hether any inquiry has taken place, or is to tked pace, as to the causoe which led to the failure of the attackl on the Grand edan, at Sebastopol, byHerMajestxystroops, on the 8th of ' September lst, Mr. Phi7ipps,-To call the attenion of.the Hiouse to the prticuar circumstances comnected vith the report of the Commissiioners7 in northeHuomeDepartament tcothWejbusticesof Peymbrokeshire, to provide a separate asylum for that county. hl,r. M.Glhson,-To ask the Government, as the proposals of Denreark' for the abolition of the Sound dues are nowr under consideration, wlhether the Government has directed its attention to the expediency of comprisingl in any arangement tbat may be made, the removal or rucinoftle transit doesno lvcaied Bin, HolsTeinandi Laenreag aeoond thiSp3bs dmaud fsromothe s o.rthSe to the Balt incipally Xr. I^yard,-In Committee of Supply on Artmy Estimates, to move to reduce vote No. 14 by £100, the sum proposed to be granted to Sir Richard Airey. with a'siewrto the postponerient of the same until after the result of the Commiasion of Inquiry be known. In' Committee on Police (Counties and Boroughs) Bil, Sir Johu Irollope auid Mfr. Croesley to move amendments. - Mr. HadI6eliL-On motien for second reading of Vice-President of Committee of Council onl Education Bill, to' move, That itbt read a second time thisday asi moths.
SIB BENJA'4IN HALL AND THE SUZiDAY QUESTION. Yesterday a deputation from the West London Sunday ZRest Association had an interview with Sir B. Hall, to urge the discontinuance of the performances of the military bands in Kensington-gardens on Sunday evenings, and to carry out other resolutions in reference to the opening of the public parks on that day. Wr. EAmDaE explained that the object which the association had in view was to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath by the opening of the British Museum, the Xational Gallery, and the Crystal Palace on that day, and also to abolish the practice of the band playing in Kensington-gardens on Sunday evenings. Mr. Haldane added that a large number of the constituency of Marylebone concurred with the views of the society. Sir B. HALL, after referring to several points connected with the question, said he did not see how the Sabbath was desecrated by the band playing. For more than 100 years bands played on Sundays in every town where a regiment was quartered. No case had been made out for discontinuing the wractic. Sir B. Hall then referred to the large number of persons who visited Klensington-gardens on Sun. day evenings, and said their conduct was very decorous. Not a flower was plucked or a shrub destroyed. After some remarks from members of the depuaition, Sir B. HALL said he did credit to the motives of the association, but he differed with the views they entertained. 4s Kew-gardens had been referred to, he would say that he could notrecommend their being closed on Sundays, or Hampton-Court either, nor could he give any assurance Ihat the band would be prevented. from playing in Kensing. ton-gardens.
i NEWSPAPER MORTALITy N LVErPOOL.-The Livrpool Standard, a weekly Conservative newspaper, died on Wednesday, making the second newapaperdeath L Liverpoolinlittlemorethanaweek. TheLi e,pool imes, theoldest ;ournal m the town, published its last number last Saturday !buitone, the proprietor ( fr. Thomas Baines) bein gdisgusted it is said, with the reckleasscompetition which has latterly ;characterized the management of the cheap newspapers of the towm. RO30YAL CouGXo OF ~SUEGEONS.-ThIe following imembers of the College, having indergone the necessary I examinations were ad!nitted licentiates min idwifery at the mieetingof the board on the 11th inst. :-Messrs., James EReeves Traer, Exeter; Henry Charles Andrews, Brabourne, Kent; Daniel,Shelswell Shenington, Banbury, Oxon; Edinund Lloyd, Richmond, Surrey; Paulin Orgias Grenada, West Indies; Edwyn Andrew, St: Austell, Cornwall; Willian Drace Cattle, Kempsey, Worcestershire ; Richard. XUnthank Wallace, Hackney-road; John Withrington, Blackburn,.Lancashire- Robert William Burford, Camdentown ; -harles Jamei Schofield, Leeds; John iAtkdnson, Army; Henry ['enfold, Brighton ;-Eenry Szhollield John. son,. Fenton, Staffordshire; James Sedricli, Botoiugh. bi;dge; siad Jsha~ Cooke, 8t.mford.
LOONDON, FRIDAY, MCACH 14, 1856. - In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of AI:E EsII,E laid on the table the resolutions he intends to move on the 14th of April, relating to the practice of torture by the native officers of revenue and police in the presidency of Madras. Lord WODEHOuSE, in answer to a question from the Earl of EIMENOxRoUGH, gave some additional .letails of the, correspondence with General Wm-LAxs, which the Earl of E LmNznoouGH had stated on a former evening were required to complete the information contained in the official correspondence recently published on the fall of Ears. The Earl of ST. GERnAuNs laid on the table a bill on marriage with a deceased wife's sister, explaining that it differed in ar important point from the bil on the same subject he had introduced in 1852. * The Mutiny Bill, the Marine Mutiny Bill, the Consolidated Fund Bill, and the Drainage Act Advancement Bill were read a third time andpassed. * Lord BROUGHAM moved four new resolutions, in sdditi6n to those he submitted last week, on judicial statistics; they were laid on the table. In answer to the Earl of S.AFrEsEURY, Earl GiDA.fvLE stated that the Government would not for the present press its Education Bill, as it was desirable to afford time for the consideration of the resolutions recently moved by Lord J. RUSSELL on the subject. The House then adjourned. In the House of Commons a conversation arose upon a question put by Lord CHELSEA, whether the ATrOiNEE-G,NmEAL had not given it as his opinion that, under the Metropolis ILocal Management Act, all- existingr vestries were superseded, and their powers trawnsferred to the vestries constituted under that act. -The ATxoF.NY-GENnRAL admitted that such was' his-opinion; but he added that grave doubts existed uponthe question.. Mr. MoNSEmL, in reply to Colonel BoLDERo, gavefurther explanations respecting the supply of iron ordnance.. I Mr. bIsB.AEu inquired whether it was true that PrWsjW had been invited t attend the Qonforences -~~~~~ at Paris; that she had accepted the invitation; anxd that the First Minister at the Court of Berlin -was about to proceed to Paris for the purposes of the negotiation. Lord PAiammsRsTo declined to give-any information as to what the Conference was likely to do. Sir C. NAizr, in moving for a select committee to inquire into the operations of the British feet in the Baltic in the years 1854 and 1855, adverted to the circumstances connected with his appointment to the commuand of that fleet in 1854, to the condi. tion of the fleet at that time, to the expectations raised as to the result of the expedition, and to tiea difficulties experienced at the outset -from the wart of pilots and from the improper manning -of tle. ships. He then plunged at once into the correspondence betwixt the Admiralty and hinsea when- he arrived at the scene of operations, connecting the letters by a narrative of his prDceeedings and of the perils- of the navigation a the Gulf of Finland. Some of the letters, 11 admitted, were marked " nrivate ;" but he justifiedl the reading of them, as they related to matters connected with the public service; and were necessaryp for his defence. He described the fortifications andl approaches- of Cronstadt as most forniidable, and the instructions he received with reference to this fortress and to Sweaborg as embarrassing. He gave the details of the joint attack upon Bomarsuncl, assigning reasons why this attack was delayed until tha arrivalof the French troops. Up to this time, he observed (appealing to the letters he read), every act performed by him had been approved by the Admiralty. He then discussed the vexed question as to the expediency of attacking Sweaborg, representing the difficulties of such an enterprise at that time, and the conflict of opinions upon the question, contrasting the sudden impatience of Sir JAszs GRATar for an immediate attack upon that nlace with his previous caution against affronting stone walls, and insisting that, a commotion having been got up in the country, Sir JAxns had turned roundl to see whom he could blame, ancd had fixed upon him (Sir CHAuLms) as a scapegoat. Ee expatiated at much-length upon this part of the subject, and upon the plans he had submitted to the Admiralty for the attack of Sweaborg, criticizing, as he went on, the comments made upon his proceedings by tha Board, whom he accused of endeavouring to goad him on to an undertaking -which, he maintained, would have been, under the circumstances, an act of pure insanity-namely, the attack of Sweaborg and Helsingfors with great ships only. especially at that late season of the year. From the letters of the then First Lord of the Admiralty, first dissuading, then urging this attack, it appeared to him, ha said, that he was never serious in the Russian war. Having completed the narrative of his proceedings in 1854, down to the period of his being ordered to haul down his flag, Sir CEnxrs briefy reviewed ,the transactions in the Baltic in 1855, strongly censuringthe conduct ofthe Government-with reference to these transactions, -as evincing worse than neglect on their part. The only way to get at the truth in these matters, he said, was by granting h select committee. The motion waited a shorb time for a seconder, and was at length seconded by Admiral WAcoTr, who said he could not see a brother officer adrift and not throw out a tow-rope. Sir C. WooD remarked upon the impropriety of the course adopted by Sir C. NARnmr., in reading extracts of private and confidential letters, which must put an end to such correspondence, and thereby prejudice the public service. Xe appealed to the House whether any ground had been laid for the appointment of a committee to revise the campaigns of 1854 and 1855 and the conduct of the officers employed therein,-atribunal not very convenient for such an inquiry. Xe thought no ground whatever~ had been laid, and trusted that the House would reject the motion. Sir J. GRAHAM, after reading a catalogue of the charges preferred against him by Sir 0. NIAP=P, called the attention of the Rouse to the use Sir CHAuis had made of his private cornespondence, not merely intheERouse, but in comuninication with parties connected with the public press. He them referredmore particularly to one of the charges alleged to be supported by this correspondence, which amounted to no less than treason, and, professing his readiness to have the whole corresponidenerefered -to a select committee, he said he must, for the salke of truth-which Sir C. NArIEM was anxinR. in get at-read two or three of his own private letters addressed to Sir CHAHLES. Xe accordingly read a correspondence connected with the appointnent of the Admiral to the command of the Baltic fleet, -whence it would appear that he was distinctly advertised of the means to be placed at his disposal, and warned that, " without goodwill and a hearty concurrence, the Board of AdmiraIty and the commander of the Baltic fleet could not work well together." Acknowledging that he did hesitate about recommendmg Sir CHARLES for this appointment, he justified that hesitation by citing certain published opinions of the gallant Admiral, which, by tha reaction upon him of his own solemn warnuags, created a good deal of amusement. Sir J_#-s replied to the allegations respecting the condition of the fleet, especially the manning of the ships and their fitness to go into action; and he accused Sir CHaxnIsS of charging several of his captains-firstrate officers-of being unfit for command, thouglr he Would not be so ungenerous, he said, as to produce his confidential letters. Proceeding to the question regarding Sweaborg, Sir JAIsS stated that tlhe whLole difference bettween Sir C.iaars and the Admiralty was attributable to the neglect of the former,-who, on the 30th of May, wrote that Sweaborg -was unattackable by land or sea,-Of a personal reconnaissance of the place imtil so late a period as the 24th of September, General JoN-Es having, after such a reconnaissance, reported to Sir CHARLES in favour of an attack of the place on the 27th of August. Adverting to the remarks made by Sir C}iss upon General Jon s -with reference to this opinion, he observed that these disputes betweent Admirals and Generals in regard to attacks of strong places were not new, and he again produced no little mirth by citing an example which seemed t& suggest a parallel betwixt the gallant Admiral andc Admiral Vmwo?,. With regard to the attack of stone walls by ships he again had recourse to thet publishedcletters of Sir(. NI'mx, who, in anepistle to Lord PALMEBSTON, in 1838, said "few know what ships can do, when well placed, against stone walls." One point remained, he added. He had been called a friend of Russia, but, if treason was charged against him, the matter ought not to stop there. He, however, defied any one to say that any effort had beenL omitted by him to give the utmost possible latitude to naval efforts both in the Baltic and in the Black Sea. Sir m. F. BERBEY, in defending the Admiralty, retaliated very severely upon Sir C. NArrn, imputing to him, from his own personal observation, mismanagement at Acre, and the utterance of sentiments upon the hnstings which might have c&aused his removal from the list of Admirals. Ie accused him of want of decision, fimmess, and discretion, observing that a man -who could not govern himself was not fit to govern others. Captain ScoBnLL conmlained of these personalities, and made some remarks in defence of Sir C. NERrs. After a very few words by Mr. Mu-rz, Mr.- W. LNDmSAY pointed out the inconsistency of Sir M. Bxxn w, in concurring in the appointment of Sir C. NAiEBm, of whose unfitness he professeA to be cognizant. Mr. N1LNS joined in this sentiment, thinking that both Sir J. CGRAAm and Sir Al. BWXxELx were open to the reproach of appointing an officer to a: high command for whichl they acknowsledged they knew at the time le was not fit. Re thought that greatijustice had been (oneto Sir C. Th&rma but he recommended him to withdrawv the motion, and-let the siibject drop. -Mr. OsBor&E, after defending Sir J. GRAHAM, whose -veracity and honour, he said, had been impeahed, and Sir M. BERxra,Y, who had nothing ta do-with tne recommending cf Sir C. NAPii, observed that if Sir CHAiESs had personally reconncitred Sweaborg earlier than he did there wouild have been time to send out gunboats and -mor-) tar-s for the attack. This wvas ail elTor in jud,g ment on his part, and he had evinced a want; of discretion in ever bringing his c-ase before tlhe public. Sir -C. NXarnR, in the course of a long reply, justified his use of the private letters of Sir 1. G~mRaX, upon the ground that, as his, oharacterad been attacked by thle Admiralt, and the Aduaty had refused i or-ata,I haJ n tLa
'The iMness of Prince JERoME BO NAPARTE carries us back to an age which is not only historical, but above all others diwsued by historians. Although the youngest brother of tbe* great NAroLzox is little miore than TO years old, he belongs to a time of which hardly a representative remains to the present generation. He was neither born great, nor achieved greatness; the third alternative expresses maost happily the nature of his fortunes. lis nane appears in history as early as the openint of the present century, when he was but yet a boy. -is famotus brother had, overthrown the republican, constitution, seized absolute power under the name -of Consul, and within four years established an Iiperial throne. It was an amiable feature. of Ar'omo-iN's character that he sought to advance the foltunes of his relatives, for' we can 'hardly conceive that his own interests were furthered by such a course. Indeed, it may be thought that the founder ,of the BoINrARTE dynasty, like his successor, Louis PimrprP, endangered his throne by a Xpolicy which; though it may have been dictated nomewhat by pride, nevertheless had in it much of family affection. NAroLros had no sooner attained the chief power in France, by the fixat Revolution, than young JEROMEz Was placed in the navy. This service was then disorganis:ed, n'eglected, and unpopular. The courage aand enterprise of the band of heroes who commaanded the squadrons of England had almost driven the flag of France from the sea. It had been otherwise informer days. AlthoughEngland had been the first naval Power, France had been an obstinate and sometimes victorious rival. ,Old Fench sailors might remember the days of SuPRTs-; and P-AuL _johEs, and contrast with the disgraces which had befallen the republican tricolour the time when, under the white- flag, a French fleet terrified the southern counties of England. NA.roIExoh was no mere General; he had no narrow professional instincts,; and from the day that he began to rule France he became a statesmnan in the highe_t sense. T6 humble England he must mal;e his country a nayal Power; he must unite ta his own fleets those of -the second-rate naval States, and organize a force which would enable him to carry onx an offensive war against the only nation whose enmity was to be feared. We 3may imagine that some vision of the coming empire prompted him to connect the name of his own family with the naval renown of France. The years-cf. the Consulate were years of great naval preparation, and JTRo3rE BO3APAxTE passed this period in somewhat active servicc. Shortly after his brother had been elected Emperor, JEROME, then olly 19, committed what was in Imperial -eyes his greatest indiscretion. Withoutleave, he made a hasty marriage with a young American lady, and by this union the cosmopolite family of 3BoNAr.&mTZ counts among its members many citizens of the great republic. On his return home he was chased by Sir SDxEy SSnTH and Sir RicmuwSTBAcK&N, but escaped by running his ship under a battery. France was then-so accustomed to ill-success at sea that a captain who evaded capture was considered to have no mean merit, and JxRoms. thought himself entitled to approbation. But NA.poiroN was angry, for many reasons; isa brother had made what-tho world calls a misalliance, and professionally he had done nothing to illustrate the family namIe. JERo=ix remained some time in disgrace, although he was again employed, and received the command of 'a squadron and the rank of .Rear-Admiral. But thbe navy, now utterly discredited, was no profession for a BOInArPTE, and Jzno= in 180 entered tnieran" of the Great Army with the grade of General. Then came the epoch- of the new dynasties. JosxpH went to Naples and then to Spain; Louis to Holland; youngJmRo:mE, married to a Princess of Wurtemberg, received the new Crown of Westphalia; MuRAT ruled at Naples; BEmqNADOTTE was heir to the Crown of Sweden. All the continental world was represented at Paris by rich embassies; Englani was alone, apparently under the ban of nankir d. It was natural to be elated by such rmiraculous and sudden greatness, and, though "M AnDAum Ma" is reported to have said, "I may one day be called on to find -c brea(l for all these Kings," her children had no -misgiving. JERomo was not much of a ruler, he had not been much of a sailor, and he afterwards proved to be rather an indifferent General. He ,commanded 70,000 Germans in the Russian campaign, and was surprised at Smolensko, discon,certed the plans of the EMpERoR, and was sent back int disgrace to Germany. Europe rose against -the fe1ing conqueror; JERomE fled from his lkingdom, which had now ceased to exist. After a separation from his consort, his wanderingss led him to Tzieste, where he received the news that NAPoLXOx had escaped from E lba, and was once more in France zn E3mperor, and able, perhaps, to make him once more a King. The Austrian Government watched JEROMxE, who, however, found means -to escape. tIuRAT sent a frigate to take him off secretly, and he was soon in Paris, one of the heroes of the Hundred Days. Waterloo was his last field, and for many hours of the 18th of Junethe coIps under his command attacked in vain the ehateau of 10ougoumont. W%hen NArOLEON fell for the last time his brothers career seemed to have c7osed. A German title and a German estate were conferred on him, and it seemed likely that after having been Admiral, General, King, fugitive, and proscript,-after having seen campaign3 by land and sea, and borne a part in the greatest drama the world has witnessed, he would sink into obscurity at 30 years of age. But he was once more to be lifted to eminence. ,A thiri of a century passed away, and two dynasties had fallen in France. Anothergeneration had arisen, new ideas and new sciences had changed the face of Europe. All the old soldiers and states-. men were gone; even the traditions of their age .seemed. departing, when JERmorx BOxAPARTE, who had been heard of as early as any of them, reappeared on the stage,. stil not a very old 3ann. An AuGusTus had arisen to. continue the empire of the modern Juius, and JERwou was soonx once more a Prince of an Imperial family. We certainly need not search ancient history for instances of the mutability of fortune in pulling down and setting up men. The present age has had enough examples to supply moralsts for all time, and the houses of BouRBoN and Bo.NApT may furnish names to adorn all the tales that are likely to be written. NAPOLEON III. was anxious -to comnect his own rule as much as possible -ith 1she memories of the old Empire, and JERons3, with his resemblance to his brother, his .eventfiul life as one of that strange band of Kings, and hi3 share in what is to Frenchmen almost the -whole history of France, was a personage who -could itot be too highlly placed. It was well that -a BoN1WPAnT3 should be seen at the Tuilenes who Mliad been seen there when men were reading in the Jfouitrur about Austerlitz or Friedland. As a dynasty involves the idea of inheritance, it was ,desirable that there should be an heir preaumptive to the throne, and it is strange that the failing health of the old man should coincide in time with the expected fulfilment of the EmPEROR's natural hopes. As an old soldier of France, as a memiber of a most extraordinary family, as a former Sovereign of Europe, as an instance of fortune's strangest reverses, Prince JERomE BoNAPARTE is among the celebrities of these days, and we trust that he may be spared to welcomiie anheiFt6 th7e Inperialtthrone more fortunate than him whose birth he celebrated more than forty years ago.
Societ has heaid enough of the dangers to be apprehended from ticket-of-leave ein; it is high time that the ticket-of-leave men, 'n th turnh - 9 :~~~i teir tr n should say a word to society.. Not' the Indiau Pariah, in the pahnieet days. of caste-not the r medi2eval Jew in the time when SHvtocK, yet a bachelor, courted TLEAs-ndt a Free Trade lecturer vwho had wandered by mistake into a Protectionist meetin8i at Chelmsford under the :ascendancy of Sir Jo'H ' TivRjL, was so completely misplaced in the world - as the wretched ticket-of-leave man in the heart -of virtuous English society in the middle of the iu'neteenth century. ., The only apparent act of respectability which appears to lie within his. reach is'simply to die, and then society will reward. hm -with the gold medal of the pauper's grave. This is all sad enough, but we must be, carefully on our guard not to give way to cant and sentimentalism, when the point is to discover some manner in which unfortunate outcasts of this class- nay be: called back :within the pale of human -sympathies. As to their position at present, we admit that it is most pitiable-nor, unless some means exist of obtaining back for them that which they have lost-namely, ." character," is there much chance that it -will receive any sensible amelioration. We have not a- riglt to require from others an amount-of beneficence which we6 would not ourselves- display. Now, -who" among us vwould take into. his tervice as butler a burglar firsh from the *hulks ? Who would engage as a servant in-the nursery, to preside over the earliest years of bis' childrei, a young. woman whose chief recommenidation was that she was fresh froin -prison, to *hich she had been committed for repeated robberies, and that she had been long known ;to the police as a 'prostitute and the comipanion .of prostitutes ? However sincer'e, however' earnest and heartfelt our pity may be for these unfortunate persons, it is obviously impossible' that we 'can shut our' eyes-to their previous acareer. We adniit most freely that in the vast maj0rity of -cases; had "thley been virtuously and religiously educated-had they been the offspring: of persons who could have afforded to give them a start in life-had they not been cast upon the - sireets of this great town at an age when they could not distinguish between good and evil, but with the strong impressi6o that evil was their good-had they not been begotten in vice, nursed in vice, weaned in vice, trained in vice, and instructed to consider vice as their only nieans of -avoiding starvation, all of which was. no fault of theirs,.-they might, and most probably would, have'discharged their duties in life as satisfactorily as most of us. We say this is no fault of theirs, but the fault lies at the doors. of our fathers, and at our own doors, if so little has been done to. reduce the-moral squalor of our great towns to a minimum.. JIt is the duty, then, of all who are blessed with competence, and who are -in a happier position than these.por outcasts, to lsten to their tale, and seriously'to consider what can be done forI their relief. If we attempt too much, nothing will -be done; if we preach impossible virtue, we may get many listeners, but few will act upon our words.. These remarks are suggested by the* act. of a most benevolent and praiseworthy man, Mr. InYaY MAYHEW, the author o'f Lo ton alAbour and tiMe London Po ; who, on the evening of Wednesday last, summoned 'a Parliament of.. the ticket-ofleave men to the National-hall, in Holborn. He bade them state their. own case and he would take cre- tlat public seouWd"hear what they had to say. What all the world knew'already of their horrible positioni was uttered by the voices of the immediate sufferers; - beyond this not much can be gathered from' tho narratives of -the speakers. We all apprehended pretty well the situation of a man who returned to the' place in which he hacl committed hisoffences, who was dogged by the police, wh6se secret was imparted to employer' after employer, and who' was dismissed from 'employment after employment, until nothing remained for him but' either to starve; or to betake himself again to criinfal courses.in order to obtain bread. In the cases where the endeavour after reformation. is real, where the penitent is truly and sincerelydoing his best to earn a livelihood by honest means, we can conceive few incidents of human life more appalling than this awful reabsorption into the Maelstrom of vice and guilt. If the speaLers of Wednesday evening are to be believed, such is too frequently the case amid the unfortunate class to which they belong. Do what they will, they either cannot obtain work, or, if they do succeed in obtaining it, they cacunot retain it. ESIS, in the shape 6f X 23, is perpetually urging them to move on," and pointing them out to the notice of the public. We will take one case, and one case only, as an illustration of the speeches delivered on 'Wednesday night at the National Hall. A little costermonger, of about 2_5 years of age, stepped' on to the platform to ;tell his tale. When but ten years of age he had been left an orphan-he did not mention the advantages he enjoyed during the lives of his parents, but, at any rate, at ten years of age he was wandoring about the streets of London as an orange-boy. The fruit trade, however, seems to have flagged, or he was urged by that pernicious desire for the sudden acquisition of wealth which is felt in 'higher classes of society than the one to -which he belonged. Some young thieves got hold of him, and he joined their band. At length he was caught, and got seven years' transportation at Newgate. He passed,three y and seven months in the Isle of Wight, and eleven months mbre at Portsmouth, was then'reIeased, and returned to London, where he endeavoured for a few weeks to support himself by selling hareskins and rabbitekins. Then,- "while passingthrouh tthi-seet, Westminster, one day two policemei came up to him and wanted to search his sack, which was full of sldns because they saidhe was a tioket-of-leave 'man, and suspected that he had something' not come honestly by. Rather than allow them to look into his sack he 'went to the' policecourt in their custody, and 'insisted on seein- the magistrate. Before he could say a word to his worship about the treatment he had- received the iaspector spoke first, called him a 'ticket-of-leave,' and stated that he had be'en ver violent and saucy. Instead of listening, under such cir cunistances, to what he had to say for himself, the nagis- trate also burst out, 'Oh, you are,an insolent fellow and , disgrace.to society-if the Secretary of State knew of Tour doings lo would banish you;' and, as his worship also mut- tered something about sending hIim to 'qudd for contempt of Court, he thought it best to 'hook it.' ' (Laughter.): Having learnt something of shoemaking while at the Isle. of Wight, although not enough i:,o 'enable him to get a living, he next tried-to get workin that line at .North. ampton, but, having no tools, he failed. He then vert on to Derby in a stAte bordering on starvation, and he ob- tained an interview with a magistrate :in that toin, whon: he asked to assist himn in getting back"to London. -This gentleman would scarcely believe 'his tle, and thought hizn, 'a returned convict. Another person at--Derby, 6f irhom he had betore this begged ilms, gave him Is.' At length he jreached London in a most miserable state, and by.Ahei'elp lof his cousin he got into the market again. 'He theni 'did better, and last Christmas 12 months he .got.married. His trade had been very low for-the last six weeks, and he. 'just managed to * crick a erist, -butif pleaso God, he would never go back again to thieying. (Cheers.] He was not muach of a talker, and therefore'he would only add that he hoped the kind gentleinen who had taken up their cause would continuo to exert thonsel s uitU somethbg :sai r was done to give fair play to the i-used ticket-of-leave men. (Applause.)" This is a favourable instance; but in how many cases are these wretched creatuies driven -baek to -crimej -simply -because,--as society is constituted, a. returi to honesty is about as impossible for them as it was for the middle age chymists to discover the philosopher's stone or the elixir of ife;! There remains the practical- question of what is to be done for their relief ?7 In, the old days of fraisportation this question answered itself, and there are many persons -who think we have gone too,far in the adoption of, a new principle. In a new country, where labour is the article of first- necessity, where life is not the dire struggle-- which it is in old and thickly-peopled countries, the course is clear to the convict who has expiated his sentence, And who wishes, to live in honesty .by the sweat of his brow., We have abandoned this system, and it ig said, with an outward seeming of truth, that- these ticket-of-leave mien present us with only a temporary embarrassment. A As soon as we are rid of the balance of convicts sentenced under the old acts we are to have no more ticket-of-leave men. As a mere statement this sounds satisfactory enough; but one- thing is sure,-we may get rid of the name, but we shaU never aet rid of the fact, so long as we retain all our criininals in the. country, and turn them loose upon society when their time is 6ut. Might it not be worthy of consideration if free passage to some quarter of the globe where labour is needed were granted to convicts who had conducted themselves well when their term of imprisonnent is out? If this were done, those who refused the boon would havc les reason to complain of thea-cyoritioa which. society is compelled to exercise for its own protee- tion. 'Few persons would take a ten years' penalsentence as the condition of a free passage, tso there would not be much fear of abuse. - There should, of course, be an end of convict-ships and control, and so forth. When the sentence is satisfied the convict is a free man. if the country assists him to emigrate on evidence of presumable good conduct, that is his affair and our own. We should thus obtain the right of more -stringent control over the ill-conducted. They would deserve, and would obtain, less commiseration. As for persons who have been imprisoned for minor offences, it is maost heinous that they should be annoyed by the police after their-liberation.
It is with'a feeling of almost ludicrous surprise that those who have accused the Civil Service Commissioners of requiring razors to cut blocks with, and of requiring geniuses to do the work of machines, must read the report of which we gave an' abstract yesterday. Anxious to clear themselves from the charge of being too extravagant in their expectations, which had been so absurdly heaped upon them by fond parents and stupid boys, and which the public had in many instances too' readily accepted, the Commissioners have published their fist report, giving a more elaborate account of the different examinations, the modes of conducting them, the papers presented, the numbers of candidates, the numbers of rejections, and the examples of blundering which-ended in those rejections, than will be necessary on future occasions. At present it is requisite not merely to give general information to those persons who are anxious to enter into the public service as to what are the rules and qualific-ations prescribed by the various departments, but also to silence, once for all, the cry which has been raised that the standard of merit is too high. It is, if in anything faulty, far too low. The limits of age at which a person is eligible for admission to the various departments are between 18 and 25. At that age a young man, umless he has been sadly neglected, ought to have training considerably beyond the three -Rs which Sir Wmi,rizm CuRis described as the essentials of a liberal education-reading, 'riting, and 'rithmetic; and yet it is almost entirely for deficiencies in these'three branches that candidates have been rejected. If young gentlemen write of tworriors, ccnitzrmanies, fingures, firt?ue, annlaageous, 7atereds, jiamptMlet, annadictial, amwdicaT, ertt7zesdnm, and nobody knows what else, it would appear that they have 'even more affinity to the blocks than to the razors of the proverb. What a precious idea mnust have been formed of the requirements of the Civil Service. when big fellows from 18 to 25, who can't spell English any more that Hebrew, comhplain that the qualifications are too high and the examinations too strict ! Of course, every examiation is too strict that excludes the incompetent. We presume, however, that we shall 'hear *no more of this objection. The Commissioners have stated facts and cited authorities, and there is an end of the matter. 3But beyond the negative value of removing misconception as to this point the report has a more positive value, as giving the public some assurance that a higher class of applicants is now admitted to the Civil Service of the country,' and as affording to those who may be disposed to enter the service accurate information with regard to:the necessary qualifications. The Commissioners have not determined of themselves what are the iequirements for this or that branch of the service, but have in every case referred to the heads of the 'different departments for a general outline of the subjects on whicn candidates ought to be examined. In some of these departments the qualifidations required are very low-in the Customs the lovest of all. In others they are higher; in the F6reign-office, necessarily, the highest .of all Bat even here, where the requirements are highest of al, care, is taken that they shall be as much as possible within the reach of any ordinary intellect. I%rd CnAnxxnoiw has deviated from the practice of all the- other departments. by not merely stating the subjects on which the candidates shall be prepared to answer, but also by appointing the books -frm which the questions shall be taken. ?Tow, we are not going to renew the old inquiry whether the best -scholars are turned out from the study of particular books, or from the study of general subjects; but, which ever method is best in the study of languages, it must be evident that at least in these examinations it will save the cand'id;ate an immense deal of labour and anziety when, for example, he is examined not on the history of, France genera71y, but- on some particular text- book. JLord CRI9UDox has even appointed thearithMetal- text-book, although we should think i s quite puprfluous to do so, there being no reason why any system of arithmetic should be plaeed on' a footing with the politics of Europe, the elements of international or a compendium of nmerdantile law. On these and other requirements the report gives the most aiinple information, and we can only-.say that he must be a very stiipid lad, who is n6t al 't pass~ the' necesary examination., It appears tfiat thie .m-o impo'rtanb deficiencies have becn'founld 'in sinipleapelling,' but. in connexion .vith this must be menitioned another defect, which has been strongly felt in all.thecandidates more-or les,; jut'on which the examiners have not insisted aa test. The power of writing out an abstract or ,r cis of official papers or correspondence is essentialMn many departments of the public ser-' vice-. In few* -ays can a clerk be more useful to, his superior in office than in presenting him with a conise, correct,- hnd dear abridgment of docureants, adi iti "unfortuxately not yet a part' of -general. ;d,lU(atIQf 'to('tekQbAthia happy art. En timQ pCesnt report there are many examples of what is wanted in this way-acts of Parliament to be abridged, a correspondence to be summed up in a few sentences,4Iocuments to be diawn up froi a slight brief, let'ers to be answered from one or two minutes endorsed on them,-all requiring a clear head and such practice in composition as is not always afforded iu public schools. When these requireexents are more generally known it may be presumed that the candidates will be more qualified-o undergo a severe test as'to this kind of .excellence; and every year,. indeed, we may perhaps expect that the examinations will become-at least they ought to become-more strict. Besides'the qualifications of candidates, on which the -prcsent report giVes the inost satisfactory il-> foripatioi, there is another subject on' which the report says very little.' It will be understood that these appointments -are not made by open eompetition. The candidates dergo merely a pass examination, and the question arises-ought this system to be niaintained? Mr. LABoucnmER pro. poses, indeed,'that ' it should be parly abolished, anb tiat a system of limited competition should 'adopted; in other words, that, instead of nomainating one candidate for one office, a number should be nominated; and the best should win. We cannot help-thinling that, if there is to be -a competition at al, -it: should be 'perfbctly open. The only defence of the present 'nomination which exists isthat the patron is sure of the moral character and gentlemanly bearing of his nomineef Let that'defence pass for what it is worth, -we saynothing against it; but the moment the principle is introduced of naminmg several candidates, instead ofselecting one, the chief value of the 'old -systemi is gone, and the competition might as well be - t30rownfOlatirol0y. pOli to tho -pubie; 'ere i ,1l the difference in the world between ' the head of a department selecting a single candidate to fili a particular appointment and his picking out a-dozen or half-a-dozen to figlit for it. In the one case there is the responsibility of selection, and perhaps attachment to his choice; in tthe other there is little choice, and no responsibility.
A second series of estimates for the Civil Service hap just been published. The former series had reference to the cost of the Revenue Departments, including expenses and salaries which amounted to 5,00,0001. ; the present estimates refer to 'various offices which are classed under the general title of "Piublic -Departments," and include salaries and expenses amount-mg to only 1,500,0001. But while the outlay for the collection of revenueCustoms, Excise, Post-office-is three times the' sum spent on -what are specially called the Public Departments, it is also divided among a much greater multitude of persons, numbering, indeed, not less than 40,000; so that the salaries of the present series, which are divided among - not many more -than 1,500 individuals, are far more imposing. The highest salary in the Revenue Department is one at 2,5001.; here we have several of twice the value, and in a rough way it may be stated that the gen~eral average of the salaries is mniore than five times that of the Revenue Department. This will be no matter of surprise when it is understood -that the officials thus -highly paid occupy the most important posts in the civil administration of the country, and that their appoint ments include those of Downing,-street and the Houses of Parliament. The e4enses of these high offices, and the other less important ones that are classed with them amount in-'all to 207,0001. beyond- the estimate of last year. But this proposed increase of expenditure must not lead to the supposition that salaries are raised in proportion; the exitra expenses of Postoffice and stationery abs6rb no, less than 182,0001.' of the increase. In printing and stationery alone a sum of 458,0001. is 'to be voted,, or 98,0001. niorethan last yeair. Of this, 58,0001. is required to make up a deficiency in the vote taken last session; 100,0001. for Parliamentary printing and paper; besides 1,0001. more for the-House of Lords specially, and 4,0001. for the House of Commons. The War Department requires. 81,0001.; ;the Admiralty, 26,0001. ; the Customs, 13,0001., Inland Revenue, 38,0001.; $ 'the Post-offices, 32,0001. As a set-off to this expenditure the Controller of the Stationery-office has sold waste paper to the extent of 4,3551. during last year, and the profits of - the' different - Gazettes have been 11,5001. The profit of the- London Gazede has been 9,3001. of the Edinburgh dne, 1j4001.; of the Dublin one, 8001. The postages of the various departments which are here accounted for amount to 140,000l. But more than a half of this is required for the War and Admiralty Departments alone. It is ratlher startling to find that the postage of these two departments is more than that of all the other branches of the public service put together, including the Rome, Foreign, and Colonial offices, the Board of Trade, Customs, Inland Revenue, and General Register-office; but it 'is only an evidence in miniature, such as the Army and Navy Estimates have already proved to us on a large scale, of the all-absorbing character of a great war. Passing now from the stationery and Post-office expenses, which are given in these estimates for all the departments together, and also that mysterious 32,0001. which is every-year. required for Secret Service, let us run over ffhe 32 branches of the civil administration which are here represented in great detail. - For the Houses of Parliament '83,6801. is required, 53,0001. of which belongs to the' House of Commons, and of this very nearly a half to the department of Clerk to the' Rouse. The: Treasury requires 52,0001., or about the same sum as last year; the Home Department, 24,2041.; the Foreign-office, 68,0007., or 3,6001. less than, last year; the dolonial Department, 28,4001.; the Privy Council and Board of Trade, 61,0001. Hence it will be seen that the Foreign-office is the most expensive of these departments; the Rome-office the least; 'and, in order to bring the other great offices of State into comparison, let us add from' the estimates which have already. been detailed in these' columis 'that the expenses of theWari--ffice are 169,0001., ,and those of the Admiralty. 1'38,0001. The stationery of the War Departnent alone amounts to a greater sum than all the collective expenses of ; the Foreign-office.; that of the Admiralty amounts to 6 -greater sum than the 'collective expeflses of the Rome-office. It" is not necessary -to mention the- sums .required for all the branches of the services, but there are some items :under the head 'of " Coinage and the Mint" which are not without interest. The sum required for the ensu- -ingyearis48,8001., or anincrease of 10,0007. Of' this item 7,5001. will be requiired for a copper coinage, nothing having been expended during the past year'; 5,0001. will be re iiired for silver coini, the half of that having been -spent last yeai; and 13,0001., or an increase of 5,0001., is required'f16the gold'coinage. The loss on silvervcoinisput down in both years at 10,0001. -It is not easy at the first glance. to coiepare the present estimates with those of past years, and to say aceiurately where tnere has beenincreawe and where decrease. The various- departmenLs seem to- be undergoing modification, more " er- less,-and the mode of stating the' accoueits has also been subject to the spirit of change- a;ndimprovement which hasbecome. More an more evident in the adminis-. tration of' tlfe c wdtry. If examining the eati-' mates, it appew 1^5 that, owing to this. transi-' tion state, wh;,.t is set down as decrease may be no such thiv'g' but a posativ'inerease, a w wit- is set down as incre may be simply a transfer of duties or liabiLfries from one department to another. It would appear, for example, that the War-office is to cost the country 3G,0001. less than last year, although the decrease is effected merely by^ transferrin' to the'pjresn -timates' - 61,0001. forpostage. So.aTso in the Audit-office ,we. find that the estimte for the ensuing yearls i30,0001., or 9,0007. less than before. The difference arises from the cicumstance that- 36 person2 employed in this office-have 'been transferred to the War Department, and their salaries prorided for in the estimates of that branch of the service. Apart from little chaniges of this kind, there are othiers thit also confuse one at first. Certain officers were' last year paid out of the Consolidated Fund who are now provided for in these estimates, twhile others are still paid out of that fund, and one does not see very clearly -where the line is drawn. The salaries of the Clerk-Assistant of the Heuse of Commons and of the SPaER's Secretary, previously paid out ofthe Consolidated Fund, are now included in the estinates just published. We turn to the Commissioners in Lunacy, and find that 1,3101. is set down for their -contingent expenses, while the salaries'and other expenses of this com'niision, amounting tolten times that SulU, are charged on the Consolidated Fund, in accounts that are quite separate from these estimates. We cannot all at once, perhaps, expect a uniform system of accounts, but we may be satisfied in the meantime -with the -symmetry which has been so far attained, and we may hope that the administrative reforns which were so loudly demanded, and which are thus beginning to show themselves, will go on from good to better, until atlength we have an executive as efficient as the country has a right in axpect, and (Ipiblic ledzers as well -kept as private ones. - _
PRUSSIA. (BY Sn1BAINa A.ND BlRrnSH TETEGRArH.) We have received the follwing telegraphic despatch from our Berlin correspondent -BERItEN, THURSDAY, MAtCH 13. " Baron Manteuffel will leave Berlin tO-morrow to join in the conferences. "The King and Royal Princes and most of the Ministers, together 'with some Generals, attended the funeral of the late President of Police this mornng. "AUl the civil authorities of the town and great multitudes foll6wed him to the grave. - "Ier von Raumer shot himself yesterday. "Count Canitz shot himself to-day.". -
COURT COlCULAB. The Queen had a dinner paty on Wednesday at Buck. inghana Palace. The company included Her Royal High. ness the incess -Royal, his-Serene Highness Prince Victor .Of Hohenlohe, his Highness the Maharajah DhuIep Singh, the Duchess of Suth6rland; the Earl and Countess of Rosebery, Viscount Palmerston, Lord Paninure the Right Hon. Henry and Lady -ary Labouchere, Sir John ogin, Brigdier-General Shirley (commanding a brigade of the Light Division in the' Crimea), Colonel F. Seymour, and Colonel Fitzmayer, C.B. (Royal Artillery}. The band of the Coldstream Guards played during dinner. Her Majesty's private band afterwards performed the following selection Orertur% "Idomeneol 3rozart. Selection, "Oustave" ..A.. uber. Melange,Fran=ois .. Hardy. MarscIr . l....... .. Labitzky Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince - Consorb and the Princess Royal, attended by Lady Churchill, MajorGeneral Backley, and:Captain the Hon. Dudley de Ros, went to Woolwich yesterday to witness the arrival of the officers and men of the Royal Artillery siege train direct from the Crimea. - The Royal party left BuckinghaniPalace .at half-past 92 oclock in two carriages and four, escorted by a patty of the 4dtight Dragoons. - ' .- ' - The-Queeni as received'at the Royal Artiery Barracks by his Royal Hiihness the Duke- of Cambridge, Viscount -Hardinge, and ]ieutenant-General Sir Hew Ross. The Dunchess of Cambridge and Princess Mary were likewise-present to meet Her Majesty andLord Panmure. At 4 o'clock- the officers- and men 4f the siege train,in number about 900, marched up -from - the Arsenal, where they were disembarked, headed hy the Royal Artillery band, and passed by Her Majesty. - -They-werethen formed in line on thb Common; and-the Queen passed down the ranks for the purpose of minutely inspecting their appearance. The whole, having marched past in quick time, wheeled into line and presented arms. The Queen and the Royal partythen returned to London, and arnived at Buckingham Palace at a quarter before 8 o'clock.- The Prince of Wales and- Prince Alfred, attended by 1r. Gibbs, visited the Zoological-gardens - in the Regents Park.- - The Queen and Prince Albert; - with Prince Tictor of Hohenlohe, honoured the Princess's Theatre with their presence in the evenii3g~ - Lady, Churchill, the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, Lord Camoys, Major-General Buc3dey, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros attended. -- A deputation, consisting of Mfr. R. Hodgson, Chairman of the North British Railway Company, Mr. Mark Sprot, Deputy-Chairman; Mfessrs.. John Bain and Charles Trotter, directors, the Hon. F. Scott, M.P., and Mr. 13. Lockhart; 3SP., had an interview with Lord Stanley of Alderley and the Right Hon. Robert Love yesterday~, at the Board of Trade. Mr. Watson, Managing Director of the City of Dublin- Steampacket Company, -and Mr. Bryden, Parliamenetary agent, had also an interview with the noble'Lord and right hon. gentleman yesterday. Sir- 'fhomasFBremantle had an interviewv with the ChanceDor of the Exchequer yesterday, at his official residence, in Downing-street. A deputation on the, subject of leasing the Roobdale Canal, by the Lancashire and Yorkshire and other Railway Companies, had an interview-with the Right Hon. Robert Lowe on Wednesday, at the Board of Trade. The deputation consisted of Mr. Aldam, Colonel Smyth, HLP., Colonel Wilson Patten, M.P., lr. James-Heywood. HLP., Sir William Milner, IP., Mr. William Beckett, HLP., the Mayor of Halifac, Mfr. John Hope Shaw, Mr. ThomasVWilson, Mr. A. G. Eastwood, Mr. Charles Evans, and Mr. Waterhouse (solcitor). Despatches were ieceived at the Colonial-office yesterday from the Governorof the Cape of Good Hope. The name of SirJohn-Rivett Carnac, Bart., .LP., was omitted from-the list of those present -at Her Majesty's Levee on Wednesday.
Thne Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of 141. for unclaimed- -Income-tax. from " Fi S. A."; also of half-notes, -value 351., and stamps for 11. 3s., making altogether 361. 3s., for Income-tax overlooked and inadvertently omitted by a deceased :gentleman, from ".C. R." The Chancellor of the Exchequer likewise acknowledges the receipt of the second halves of notes for 301. from' " a Captain in the Merchant Service" for Income-tax ; and a Post,office order for 51., the balance of Income-tax, unavoidably paid too litle, by DQ. DR." THE PnMADPnMA SvFxsar- CoiMA-Y.-A communication was'sgubmitted at the usual meoting of the Liverpool Dock: Company, yesterday, from the PThiladelphia Steanship 'and other companies, requesting the allotment of permanent berths in the doiks. The -letter of the fi-naused-company reminded the committee that before their vessels were required by Government for the conveyanee-of troops and. stores to the seat of war they w-ere accustomed to pay annually to-- the dock committee about 1;0001.- for dock daes. The letters were referred to the -Harbour- Masters' Committee. :TEr. WEAB.-- Syrnis, Wednesday Night.- Th&e have been several smart showers of snow to-night, and thc southern-pais of the county of Nortbhmberland has resumed its winter garb. There have been few Yessels in the Tyne during the pasfewdays;butwehaheada considerable arrival of coliers this evening. -in-~ 3BB-THXAE.-Mr. S. Emiery, wellldaown as one of the mnost efficient members-of the Olympic comTpaiy, will appear in a new character durngPon Week-, having engaged Drary-lane Theatre for a series of eutertainments in which-he will b the siAewrformer. ' SiG.s O- THE Tssn.-A newpolia, tion has terrified' the population of ?Srma. On the 4th | ii,st, at>ll o'clock p.m., the inspectow-general of the prisons ' of the duchy'was stabbed severl'times 'with a poniard-' near the gate of his house, as be was returning from the', theatre.- His death appears to have been instantaneous-. -OFFItcl.S.F-oMsMnIT Ih- T1IE B3IMSu WAR,_ The following is a list of officers in th Royal army hbr,urably rentioned in General. odwin's desnatches for Utheii serices during thelate Barmese srar .-tLeutenant-'(&onel C. J. Coote, 18th Foot; Captain Cll, 18th Foot;. Captain A; W. Campbell, 18th. Foot-, Captain S. T. Chr-Aie,- 89th Foot; Lieutenant S. G. Carter,- 51st Foot; Lieutenant' Chads, .64th Foot. Captain--D. G. A. Darroc, 51st Foot; Colou W. H.-joliott, 51sb'Foot; bIajr FnTington, 51st Foot; Captain .' Gilleapie, 18th Fd6ot * Maje 1.o. kiiaitOtIs Foot; Oajtain-Ormsby. 80th-Foot; I.ioutenaut-Colonel, T. S Scsold, 1th-Eoot; Captaini AX ',r Ricec 51st Fotb; Cptain ts. W.-:Food.18th'Foot ; and 'jautain A. T Welsh. 80t- t'oot. -The officers who r.ce . ed 'brevet prousotions 'wdra Ifesrs F. Wigson; Errinon, C. A. Edwalv1,' and' J>, T, Mice, to be lieutesant-cibnel and CapWi- -Camp-, bell, CaPWMia BxuO0, ad Vaph 8}s* t9 bo mi ,rs.
.M(ONBY-ARKEABTand CITlrDT;IIGBNOEB. Thursday Evenin. Confidence continues to prevail in the Stock-Exchange, and the English funds to-day have been firmly maintained at an advance of au eighth per cent. on the improved prices of yesterday. The market was supported in the morning by the animation shown by the liast accounts from the Paris Bourse and the 'notification of Prussia having been admitted to the Conferences. The fact of the payment of theinstalment of 2,000,0001. upon the new loan having passed off without the slightest sign of difficulty likewise exercised a very favourable influence. Consols for money opened and closed at 92i to i, the intermediate fluctuations having been unimportant. For the account the quotations ranged between 92g and 92k, and the last transactions were at 92i to i. Consol Scrip left off at 2i premium; Exchequer Scrip, 2 premium; India-bo'nds, 8. to 3s. discount; Exchequer-bonds 98j to i; and Exchequer-bills, par to 2s. premium. At the Bank of England, as well as in the discount-market, the demand for money to-day was much less than had been anticipated, while in the Stock-Exchange there was rather a diminution than an increase of pressure. This may partly be accounted for by preparations for the payment on the loan having been made during the preceding day or two; but the circum!stance f such an amount having been met at the present moment without an indication even of 3nytiing unusual being in progress furnishes a further remarkable confirmation of the soundness of credit 'and the stability of the financial position of the country. vIiero wvoa furtler improvement of nearly i per cent. in Turkish to-day, which was well supported to the close. Numerous transactions took place in both descriptions. Those in the Six per Cents. were 97, i, i, and 7 for money, and 98s for the account. In. the Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock the bargamns were at lOO i, and I for money, and 1OOX and for the account. The general operations comprised -Buenos Ayres, for the account, 58 - Danish Three per Cents., 83i and 85; Ecuador New Consolited, 14i; Provisional Land Warrant, 4- and i; MIexican, 20i ; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 79'-; Russian Five per Cents., 102- and 103; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 92j ana '92; Sardinian Five per Cents., 9W and 91; Spanish New Deferred, 24a for money, and 25 and 25i for the account; Passive, 7i, i, i, and J; Belgian Pour-and-a-Half per Cents., 95; and Dutch Two. and-a-Half per Cents., 63k. T The closing prices of the French Threo per (Yenta. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 72f. 65c. for money and 73f. 25c. for the end of the month, showing a reaction of about an eighth. At Amsterdam Spanish and Portuguese continue to advance. The letters from Paris continue to speak with the utmost confidence of peace, and the speculative mania increases in proportion. Cautious persons apprehond that peace and a revulsion may come together, if there should then be a general rush to realise. Some small parcels of gold still arlive from the continent. At the half-yearly Court of Banlk Stock proprietors this morning a dividend of 5 per cent., free of income-tax, was declared. It was stated by the Governor that the T)rofits for the six months ending the 29th of Fehruazy manounted to 705,3251., making with the "r' st" on that day 3,723,3791. After provid.'ng for the distribution, the "rest" will stand at J,OO0, 7291. The announcement of the increased dividend was not followed by any discusEion of public interest, but a special vote of thanks to the Governor and directors for their late management, moved, by the Lord Mayor and seconded by Mr. M. Clark, was unanimously carried. The rate of dividend during the pastyear was only 4 per cent. At ihe annual meeting of the Van Diemen's Land C Gompsny, held to-day, Mr. J.Cattley presiding, the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that-the directors have given Mr.. Gibson, the superintendent, strict instructions to keep them advised of the position of the property. buring the first year after his return he 'will offer for sale about 10,000acres periodically, in quantities of 2,500 acres; and, if this total be readily taken, he will increase the supply to meet any augmented demand. The improving value of the land, as tested by the renewal of the leases which have recently fallen in on advanced terms, will, it is anticipated, be fully supported; and when steam communication with Melbourne shall have been opened the influx of settlers is likely to create a new class of purchasers. While the directors are proceeding to dispose of the land they have at the same time made arrangements for preserving portions of the allotments, so that the company may participate in thc benefit of future improvements.- Although the funds at present in hand are insufficient to allow a distribution at the rate of 10s. per share, it is expected that the remittances from the colony will afford sufficient for that purpose in the course of the present year. With regard to general expenditure for management, itwas mentioned that great economy is exercised. In the course of the proceedings it was suggested by Mdr. F. De Salis that the interruption to the steam service between England and the Australian colonies was a ground of serious complaint, and that it would be desirable to petition the House of Commons. If the Van Diemen!s Land Company, with the other 20 influential associations connected with Australia, were to prepare petitions under their corporate seals, it would exercise great influence at this juncture with Government, the consideration of a continuous and efficient line having at length been revived. Thenecessity of pressing forward this important matter was supported by 3M1r. 3. M. Parsons and other shareholders, and the Chairman stated that it should have the attention of the directors, who will also communicate with their friends, and stimulate them, if possible, to adopt a similar proceeding. It is stated that the petition to Parliament for an intuiry regarding the proceedings of the Westminsterlmprovement Commission isbeing numerously signed by the bondholders, the names at present attached representing interests to the amount of nearly 250,000U. Another fire occurred yesterday on the premises of Messrs. Scott Rtussell and Co., at Miliwall, but the damage appears not to have been to an extent that will affect the prospects of the creditors in the winding-up now in progress. The fire was confined to the saw-mills, and the entire loss was about 3,0001., part of which is covered by insurance. It is stated also that no delay will be caused to the ships or other works in course of construction in the yard, and that the Government contracts for mortar-boats, &c., will be completed. with all possible activity. The followingmercantileletter from Montevideo. describes the stat of that-Republic at-the departure of the'- last- mail,' and -the- prospect. of continne& anarchy. The 6untrypop'ulation,-however,-appear to be thriving; and, as the course of-emigration promnises ultimately to place the ruling power in the hands of E! uropeans, there is reason to hope for a steady, although slow advancement:- " Montevideo. Eel, S. "We are in a greater state of excitement than at any time since the July revolution of 1853. The President of the Republic for the ensuing four years will be elected before the next packet leaves for England. The candidates are Gabriel Pereira, FranciscoAgell, andGeneral Cesar Dias. The first is considered to have the support of Oribe and Flores, the second represents the moderate party, and Dias the Colorados. The General *as tho resident Minister of Montevideo at Buenos Ayres, and made his appearance here quite unexpectedly, without leave or license. The Government ordered him to return to his post, but he Paid no attention to an order that could not be enforced. Of the three candidates, perhaps Agell would make the best President; bat it is lamentable to say that the best is bat a poor stick. Dias, who at one time ws well thought of, proved an obstinate, self-willed, prejudiced man. His best place is at the head of his regiment. Fears are entertained that the election will be productive of another revolution, or perhaps more than one; but, if they are confined to the city, they will not do so much injurv. Of ourse, business suffers and ct n.6dence continues to De shaken, but the people of the country have been doing so well during the last two years that great efforts are being made to stock the estancias. Sheep-farming intheBandA Oriental isbecomingquitethe rage, and removals from Buenos Ayres to this ouuntry continue reglarly. Those Germans and French who ware treating for the purchase of lands for enigration purposes by delaying will have 'to pa higher prices, -which there is little doubt willannully' increase. Bfore another generation has passed away foreig ners :ili have a direet and paraoount influence in the government of this country. Mr. Thornton's efforts to procuro an arrangement for tho settlement of thbe gaaranteed loan, such as it is, were crowned with' sucocess just before the last paket left. Several of the i'.terested parties aceoded to it, be t saw no prost of obtaining anything better from the absence of energetic measures on the par;t of our Government; some are -wholBy opposed to it as at varianeo with the spirit of the eontracc. and none are really satisfied with it. The first instlment, which became duo yesterd.ay muorning. is not paid, and there Cis very little probability that it wfill be paid. In fact, it is perfectly useless to expect any other resullt until measures are adopted to placethe partiesiuuo siorn of the administration of the toms-a possessron they are entitled to by contract, Exdange, 43 k "Buenos Ayres has gain been invaded by Cosda in otheers. The invaders, however, met with little sucoess, anl, if we are to believe the most recent accounts, have been attacked and defeated. This kind of episodes in the pro. *ressive development of civilization in these countries maV ulsookea for with ce.rtinty for many years to come. The Governu;ent is gradually gainDg strength. Exchange, 70s. the doubloon. Paper currency, 337T."
I IRLZWAY AND JLNING OZARK& Thursday Evening. The railway-market was steady, with a moderate amount of business. The ordinary course of operations was partially affected by the settlement of the account. Jomt-Stock Bank shares were rather firmer, and prices, on the average, were fairly sup ported. No great alteration occurred in Australian land or banking descriptions. Transactions took place in Canada Land at 148 and 146, and the final quotation was 143 to 148. Bank of Egypt closed ifto lpm.; Ottoman Banlk, to Ipm.; Western Bank ol London, 2i to Ij dis.; National Discount Company, i to i dis.; and London and Paris Bank, 2 to 1 dis.
22,ADB REPOR- . ThursdayEvening. S7GAI.-There were two public siles to-day, of which the following are particulars-viz.> 165 hogsheads and 78 barrels of Porto Rico, which went off with much spirit at 39s. to 492s. 6d. for low to good bright grainy. 121 hogs. heads aud 78 barrels of foreign muscovado, of indirect importation, met with buyers. at rates fully on a par with those of yesterday-viz., 35s.to 43s. low to very fine yellow; 70 cases of brown Bahir sold at 36s. to 38s.; the remaining 190 cases and 3,306 bags of brown and white Brazil were taken in above the market value. 734 hogsheads3of West India have been disposed of. COFEE.-No public saes. RICEZ-5,450 bags of Madras, the bulk of which was damaged, -were sold at auction-the sound portion at 8s. 6d. to Ss. 3d. for low heated to 3niddlir. pink, and ls, for good Coringa grain; 682 bags of Bengai brought 10o3 6d. per cwt. Privately there is a moderate inquiry fcr Bengal of low and middling quality, .t lOs. tolOs. 6d. per cwt., and 1,000 bags have been disposed of. SAIrFETRE.-500 bags, 8 and 7 per cent. refraction. brought 33s. 6L. and 34s. per cd.; 3 tons have been sold a90oatat 34s. Cd. per cwt.
S4TAE OF T.ADR. NCHESTEII, IiIWH 13. The cloth and yarn market has been rather quiet this morming, but prices are exceedingly fin. Manufacturers and spinners are well under order, and are unwiling to ell except at full prices, while the stock of cotton on this side the Atlantic is so far below the quantity held this time last year as to remove any probability that price6 will give way; but, while this is the feeling among 'ler, buyers are cautions in consequence of advices tLhLt the raw material ws coming down to the ports of the United States with more freedom than of late. There is also a l2rge quantity of cotton on the ocean, which most Eoon find its way to this market. There are no stocks of any extent of either cloth or yarn, and there is some difficulty on the pait of buyers inplacing orders for any of the goods princniy in demand without givmg some advance, if for early delivery.
TO THE SHAREHOLDERS OF TIE EASTERY i ~~COUNTIBS RAAIDWAY. rAdverUsementm Geutlemen.-I armonoce Vy you, with mucI; rspect, that I have resigned my seat at your board 'ou haTe, after deliberation, reintted a syrtem of administration which I presume to think is not the mobtlikely lobe effective for good. I caunot, therefore, conseut to are its responsibilties. The nest six months will decide many questions which must largel influence your future condition, and I hope they may be settled more adrantageouslyfor you thau some of thowe arrngementa which nOyw exhaust3our reources. Iu actingup to my owrn convictions, I have the gratificationtv feel that I give you the opportunity of selecting an abler representative, as the Loughton Act oft compny secuestothe shareholders thefight of flulingup al vacancies at the board. The timewill come-perhaps distant-whenyounmust choose between se^f-government or absorpti on by the Governm ent. The present ire'ponsible system cannot escape one o£ those events; -either ofthem, in my opitolu. wvould be zadmtgeous to you. lnresgningmy offlee I do not cease to wish that you zcayhave that fair abare of prosperity to which you xre entitled. I have thenhonour tobe, gentlemen, your most obedient servant, Wenioclkbasin, March 13. _ >016J. M;Aj VE3? ;
AiMERICA, (By ELCM'IC TElGyrAPHa LIVERP'OOL, TRUnSDAY. The United States' mail st*sauer Atlantic has arrived with advices from Newv York to the 1st of March. She brings no news of the Pacific. The steamer Baltic was passed on the 2d inst., about 300 miles from New York. The Etna, from Havre, arnived at New York on the 26th nlt. Mr. Dallas, the newly-appointed United States' Minister to the Court of Great Britain has arrived in the Atlantic. In the Senate, on the 27th ult., the Secretary of State laid on the table the iuiportant diplomatic correspondence between the Governiment of Great Britain and that of the United States upon the enlistment.question. A letter from Washington, dated February the 28th, statesthat the rumour that the President had determined to dismiss Mr. Crampton immediately, and that a letter for that purpose had been written, is entirely unfounded. This is not a mere assertion, but from an incontrovertible source. The ultimate determination of the Administration upon the subject will depend upon the tenour of the next foreign advices, unless fr. Crampton should previously withdraw. 'he steamship Illinois arrived at New York on the 27th ult., with advices from San Francisco to the 5th, and 1,140,208 dollars in specie on freight. An explosion had occurred on one of the river steamers, near Sacramento, which is reported to have caused the death of 30 persons. The Legislature had failed to elect an United Statese senator. MIore rain had fallen throughout the mining regions during the two weeks previous to the sailing of the steamer than in any previous similar period. The present winter had had a beneticial effect on the mines, and the consequence was largely increased receipts of gold in San Francisco. The steamer Star of the West had arrived at New York from San Juan with 325,0XX) dollars specie on freight. Nicaragua was peaceful. The provisional Government have annexed the Mosquito territory, and banished Colonel Kinney, he having 'been charged with entertainingtreasonable design ag}inst he State. Diplomatic relations have been opened with Costa Itica, with every prospect of leading to a good understanding with the Government of that country. A\ccounts from. Honolulu, Sandwich Islands, to the 12th of January, represent that the King was very unpopula^r, and that a revolution was expected. The New York commercial advices report that the communication with the interior had been reopened, accelerating business materially. Trade generally was in a sound and healthy state. The mnoney-market was quoted a shade easier. Maturities, single endorsement, were negotiated as low as V to 8 per cent., and 10 per cent. was an outside rate; on call 6 to 7 per cent. were the current quotations. In exchange the business had been very light. WYe quote bills on London 84 to 91 per cent.; France, 5f. 18ic. to 5f. l.7i. 60 days, and 5f. 13 rc. to 5f. 12ic. short sight. The stock-market was rather unsettled, the cottonmarket was umchanged. Flour was more firm, with a rising tendency in price. In provisions there was an increased demand at advanced prices. The iron-market was less active. 500 to 600 tons Scotch pig had been sold, mostly at $36. The market for freights was firm, with a fair business.
DULWICH COLLEGE. Yesterday there was a numerows mneetingat the Adelphi Theatre of the members of the theatrical profession, to take into consideration the necessity of immediately presenting a memorial to the Charity Commissioners, praying that in the revision of the funds of the endowment of Dulwich College the claims of the members of that profession to a participation might be taken into consideration. Mr. CHARLEs DICEs, who was in the chair, gave an interesting history of the origin of DuIwich College, and mentioned various circumstances connected with its founder, EdwardAlleyne. Mr. WEBsTEsR having detailed the efforts he had made wxith a view to obtain for " poor players" a participation in the funds of the College, 3r. KEErE- moved a resolution, embodying the propositions made by Mr. Webster to the Commissioners of Charities, which was seconded by M;. BUCKSTONE, and agreedto. It was also resolved, on the motion of hlr. R. BExf, secanded by Mx. ALBERT SmT, "That a memorial isupport of the object in view should be adopted." A committee was appointed to further the objects of the meeting, which was terminated by a cordial vote of thanks t o the chairman.
COUBT OF COMMON COUNCIL. At a Court of Common Council held yesterday, the Lord Mayor in the chair, a letter 'was read, enclosing minutes of the proceedings at the late meeting at Herber's Hotel, in opposition to the new Police Bill. A report was agreed to, recommending a rate of 7d. in the&pound for the City Police for the ensuingyear. A reportupon the subject of the gaol of lRewlgate was also broughtupandagreed to. It recommended some alterations at a cost of lO,OOO. The Court then agTeed to a report recommending that the future salary of the Judge of the Sherifis Court should be 1,200. per annum. A report npon the subject of Rogers's almshouses wras next agreed to. A long discussion arose respecting the report of the committee upon the City of London School, and nltimately the Court decided that the consideration of the report should be adjourned.
THE M ns.-LiVE PooL, March 19.-The British and North American mail steamship Canada will leave this port for Boston on Saturday, on which day letters and papers will be received at the post-office until 12 at noon; with late fee at 1 p.m.; and at the landing stage at 2 p.m. CoLLiSIOx AT SEA.-The Danish brig Anne dJorgiane, of 150 tons, Soarrermaster, laden with guano, from Calno, for orders, arrived at Falmouth this morning {UltJ),with port bow most seriously stove, having last night, ashen about 32 miles south of the harbour, and while reaching off, come suddenly into collision with another vessel, hich, melancholy to relate, the crew of the Dane fear must have inmmediately foundered, as they never saw or heara anything more of them than some shrieks of terror, uttered at the instant when they were lost sight of in the &im. They state they thought their own situation so penlous as to get a boatout, into which they put compasses, &c., but were subsequently induced to retursn to their vessel, inding she continued to float. They do not know the size or nation of the other craft, but believe her not to be English. The vwind was fresh at east, the night dimly starlight, read the contact is described as but momentary. THE Frun Mr Da y-Tn.i ITscA.-The comxnittee of Drury-lane Theatre met yesterday afternoon, the Earl of Glengall in the chair, to inquire into the circumstances connected with the discovery of a fire at Drury-Iane T'heatre on Friday morning last. It appeared that fire had reached a beam under the flooring of the flies, which is supposed to have been caused by buning wadding from Qims fired during the pantomime. The fire, however, was cLiscovered by two firemen, named Girard and Webster, by whoseactivity it was extinguished without doing anyinjury T'he committee eulogized their condact, and a vote of thanks *as pa.ssed fcr their attention and assiduity in tracing the fire out and preventing s serious loss of p roperty. The two £ureen wtere complimented vith a very handsome present, for which they es~pressed their thanks. FntrR .&r WawosRr.-Yesterday afteroon a fxe, attended with a great loss of property, happened in the soap and candle fatory belonging to Mr. George Exckland, in East-street, Walworth. The fire was eventually subdued, but not before the candle factory was entirely destroyed, with all it contained, and the soap factory i3 nearly destroyed. The loss is very heavy, and Mr. Buckland is insured for little better than 8O0I., a sum far below the amount of damage done. ADuTE AmRG PEPPER.-At the Leeds Courthouse, last week, Mr. Mattbewman, a grocer in that town, w9as charged, under the 59th of George IlL, c. 43, s. 22, wsith having in his possession some black popper adulterated sith ground rice, whereby he tad subjected himXself to a penalty of 100g. Three officers of the Inland Revenue o:lice p roved the purchase at the defendant's slhop on the 4th of December of an ounce of black pepper, a portion of which was forwarded to London, where it was testedby tasting and washing, and examined with a nicrostopeby r. 3 bibon, chyinist to the Board of Rxcise, and found to) contain 25 r cent. of rice. 3Mr. Granger, for the defence, admittethat the pepper produced had been purchased at his client's shop ; but denied that it was adultrated to the knowledge of Mir. Matthewman, it having bcen purchased in the state it was sold from another grocer in Leeds. The bench said they were satisfied the pepper was adulterated- but it was not their busines tominquire how the defenKant had become poeaesEed of it. They slould, however, inflict the lowest penalty the law allowednameIl 251. A similar chage was thcn preferred against Mlr.. Spencer, grocer, of Coburg-street, Leeds. In this ea e the adulteration was onlj to the extent of-10 per cent. A. penalty of 2{. was inflicted.
LAW PFPOBT. COUJRT OF CHANCERY. COT- q-r.hv MARrTr rt BA RLOW V. WARBTTRTOn (Before the LoRns JuTIsrcs of APPur.) Onthe l1th inst. Vice-ChanceUor Stuart rnadd ah order for an injunction to restrain Messrs. Benjamin Warburton and Samuel Holker from continuine to cwrryon the partner. ship business aftermontioned untilthe hearing of thecause; that a receiver and manager should be appointed. The bill wAs filed by Messrs. James and Edward Barlow, of Bury, Lancashire, innkeepers, stating that under articles of partnership the late Mr. Abraham Barlow, of the same p ace, carried on business with Messrs. Warburton and Holker, as bleachers, at Hampton Mills, one of the terms of the deed. being that in case any of the parties should die before the end of the term the legal personal representative of such partner should have tho opton of succeeding if he gave notice within a month; but if no such notice were given the survivors might buy the share upon terms, or might dissolve, and thereupon the assets should be realized and the produce divided. Mr. Barlow died on the 24th of November, 1855, before the exiration of the term, having appointed Messrs. J. and E. Barlow his executors. The bill stated that on the 20th of October, 1855, they gave notice of their option to continue the business, aud they wient on two occasions to the nmill-once on the 5slt of l)eccmber, 1855, and again on the 14th of January, 1856, and endeavoured, but unsuccessfuly, to see the books; and in March followingthey filed the bil praying a dissolution ef the partnership, a declaration that. they were, as executors, entitled to one third, for accounts, a receiver and manager, and an injunction. The surviving partners, however, had on the 21st of January, 1856, given notice that they intended to dissolvethe partnership. The Vice-Chancellor on a motion made the order now appealed from. Mr. Bacon and 3ir. Druce appeared in support of the appeal, and after the case had been stated, Lord Justice KNIGHT BRucE said that if the conduct of the surving partners was not impeached there could be no doubt but that, according to the universal practice of the Court of Chancery,[so far as his (the Lord Justice's) experience of many years extended, they should be appointed receivers and managers, they giving security. Mhr. MAnn=s anda r. Ba= objected that, as the executors had made two ineffectual attempts to see the books, the persors who had frustrated their endeavour were not fit persons to be intrusted with such an office. The executors naturally vished to form a judgment as to the value of the concern before they decided on the course to be adopted. Lord Justice Tunn'xsE .-You do not show any misconduct or breach of trust. Why, then, should not the survivinpartners act as receivers and managers ? Mr. B2D.-Because the plaintiffs will not then have an opportunity of judging whether the works should be sold as a " going concern," or otherwise. After a further discussion, Lord Justice KNIGHT BFucE reiterated his statement of the practice of the Court, and, with the concurrence of Lord Justice Turner, made an order varying that of the Vice-Chancellor, and as varied to be as follows :-Appoint the defendants (the surviving partners) receivers and managers, with the usual directions they giving security; let the plaintiffs (the executors) be at liberty at all reasonable timesto inspect the accounts of the partnership; let an inquiry be made in the chanmbers of the Vice-Chancellor wihen, and in what manner, the partnership is to be sold, the costs of all parties of the appeal and of the motion irn the court below to be costs in the cause. FX PAP.TE BLAtCrBumX, In RB TEE AMiZON LIFE ASSU- RANCE AND LOAN COhlPANY. This motion wvas renewed, and occupied the Court a considerable time. It ended in Mr. Blackburn being declared a contributory. Mr. Swanston and Mr. Selwyn supported the appeal; Mr. Malins and Mr. Cairns were for the respondents; Mr. Roxburgh for the official manager. VEER .INJUhDUR WADEER (EX-RAJAH OF COORe) v. TEE EAST INDIA COMPANY. The arguments in this appeal from an order of the Master of the Roils, directing the production of documents admitted by the answer of the Company to be in their possession relating to the matters in dispute in the cause, were resumed. The suit relates to a claim by the ex-IRajah of Coorg as a creditor on the Company upon two promisSory notes. Mr. Wigram, Mr. Lloyd, and Tr. Melville are for the India Company, in support of the appeal; Mfr. Roundell Palmer and Wr. A. Lewis are for the respondent, the plaintif, sustaining the order of the Master of the Rolls. The case is niot yet concluded.
BOLIS' COURT. C'HAcWCMw.AW- MARTWT l.t BROCKIEBA?K V. 'VnSON. (Before thc MAsTEs of the RoLmS.1 Mr. m. rAs1ER moved for an sajunction in this case under the following circumstances:-The plaintifis are merchants at Liverpool, and the defendant, who bad been formerlytheirconfidential clerk, was committed for trial for embezzlement of their property to the amount of about 6,0001. Since the defendant had been committed advertisements have appeared announcing for sale some property supposed to belong to the defendant, and consisting of a house and five acres of land at Thornton, in Cheshire, and five other dwelling-houses elsewhere. Plaintiffs. believing thispropertyto have been purchased out of the money embezzed from them, now applied for an injunction to restrain the sale and for the appointment of a receiver. The Cour made the order ai prayed, no one appearing to oppose it.
VICE-OHANWELLOXS' COURTS. mA1ARr iq I)1Ah;R V. PORTAMLINGTOIN tueforeVice-ChancdUor S; R. T. KiNDsLEY.I ir. ;SWAINSTON (with whom was Mr. Osborne) moved that an order made inthis suit uponthe20th of Febrarylast might be discharged, and that Mr. R. S. Palmer, the solicitor of Mr. W. S. Blount, one of the parties to the cause, might be appointed receiver of the profits of so much of the Damer and Portarlnigton estates as had not been dispoHed of under the order of the Encumbered Estates Court, in the roontof .3a1,n .SAlt.i?, tha 1M. M.P. fbS . Tlsinmotion also asked that itimight be referred tothe -Master to inquire and state what would he a fit allowance to be made to such receiver. This motion was necessary, as difficulties had arisen in worlkig out the former order of the Court. Mr. J.AcKsoN, who appeared for the plaintiff, and Mr. BAGSlAwz, who represented other parties, consented to the order being made. The VICE-CHAxN=LtR said, that as it appeared that all parties were sui juris and consented, the order might be made. (Before Vice ChanceUlor Sir J. STUART.) 7AWKER V. HALLEWELL The was 3 motion on behalf of the County of Glocester Bank to vary the chief clerk's certificate, disallowing a debt of 1,0003'.- claimned by the bank to be due to it from the p'intiff. The debt in question arose upon a bond which hadbeen given by the plaintilin1841 to one Jenkins to secure a gamg debt, and the bond had been subsequently assigr.ed to the County of Glocester Bank for value, winout notice 'of the consideration for which it had originally been given. By the 9th of Anne, c. 14, "all notes, bills, bonds, judgments, mortgages, or other securities orconveyancese given to secure money won bI gazmn, were declared to be void. By the 5th and 6th William IV., c. 41, after reciting 9th Anne, c. 14, so much of the latter act as enacted that "any note, bill, or mort.- gage" should be void was repealed, and the 8th and 9th VIctoria, c. 109, repealed so much of the act of 9th Anne C. 14, as was not repealed by the 6th and 6th WVLiam IV., c: 41. Itwas contended on behal of the plaintiff that the bond was void under the 9th Anne, c. 14, the act 5th and 6th William IV., c. 41, applying only to so much of the act of Anne as related to notes, bills, or mortgages, and the act 8th and 9th Victoria, chap. 109, having been passed after the bond was given, and not having a retrospective effect hlr. Wigvramn and Mr. Jolliffe appeared for the County of Glocester Bank; MEr. Malins and Mr. Rox.burgh for the plaintiff; and Mfr. Bacon and Mr. Fireeling for other The VICE C-CsrLN~OP reserved his judgment. -V.-- This was a motion on behalf of the defendant to enlarge the time for closing the evidence in this cause until one month after the plaintiff's solicitor shouldhave disclosed the resent abode of the defendant's wife, a witness on his nehalf, and that the plaintiff's solicitor might, vdthin two days after service upon him of the order to be made on this application, give to the defendant's solicitor a particualar in writing containing the present abode of the defendant's wife, to the intent that she might be examined as a witness Mr. Bacon and Mr. W. Mforris appeared for the defend.mt m su port of the motion. M. M s (with whom was Mr. Martindale), for the plaintiff, who was stated to be a near relative of the dexendant?s wife, said that the conduct of the husband had been such towards his wife that she had been obli-ed to fly from him, and that her life would be in danger if ter abode were made known to her husband. The object of this application was merely to obtain that knowledge, for the wife's evidence was not materiaL Mr. RENsIIAw, for the wife, said that her apprehensions were not the suggestions of her own imagination, but the treatment she had met with from her husband could be cor. roborated by other evidence. The VIcE-CHANCRrTIOB said that the Court had ample means of protecting the lady, and he thought she ought to appearandgive evidence ; but whether her evidence would adm=ssbie would be a question hereafter. He should require the husband to undertake by his counsel and solicitor, and his solicitor also to undertake, ithat no attempt should be made, directly or indirectly, by mneans of the production of the lady before the examiner, to discover her residence, or in any way to molest her, and the defendant's solicitor must sign the registrar's book. (Before Yice-Ci7ancelzor Sir W. P. WOOD.) ELLICE V. FORSYTH. Mr. DIcxsON moved in this suit on behalf of the defendants to dismiss the bill with costs for want of prosecition. The only question on which the making of the order turned was the peculiarity of nothing having been done for ten years by either plaintiff or the defendants in the suit, whiich was a cross suit to one well known in this branch of the court by the nazme of " Forsyth v. Ellice," and on the construction of some correspondence which had passed between the soheitors of the respective parties in January, 1846. Mr. -DAs'snL and Mfr. SARGEN-r opposed the motion, on the ground that the circumstances under which the cross bill had been filed, and the fact that the decreedn the origiial sWut lately pronounced by- his Honour had dispocsed of all substantial questions between the parties, clearly took the case out of the general rule, and they urged that the order for dismissal should bewithout costs. --: The VICE-CHANCELLOR said that the case did-not come wi n-the principle of the excepted cases. Mr. Ellice had evidently thought there was a serious question to try in the cross suit, in case the decree mn the original suit had so gone against him as to make it requisite for him to try that question; and he had accordingly filed his cross bill. It turned out. that Ellice had succeeded in the original suit, and it was therefore unnecessary for hinto proceed wvith his croes suit; and, as the corrondence, in his HonoTs opinion, only amounted to an understanding between the parties that thg cross bill hold tnd over unil, the :hcaring of the original suit, but not to an understanding, one way or the other, as 'to codas, the defendants were clearly entitled to the usual oider. TAIUlATr V. LLOYD. tis tat s. t otionf - ) r -the 44L stion of the Equity Jhriadiction Act, for leave that the suit might proceed in the ibeioe of.a deceased defendant, or that some one might be atpointe4 to represent lisa estate. The suit was for the specific performance of an agreement for a lease to the defendants on an ale"ed joint contract by them. Ouie of them had lately died in thie Hfavannah in insolvent circnnmstances. The evidence as to his death and insolvency wvas founded on certain letters received from the Havannah, giving the details-of his last illness and death, and of his funeral, which it was urged by the opponents of the motion, appeared to have been conducted with morepomp and solemnity than is usually the case with a man who dies without assets. An affidavit was also produced by his father, that he had no intention of taking out administrationt Mr. DRUCE appeared in support of themotion, which was opposed by Mr. PIGOTT for some of the co-defendants, and by Mr.SELvY and Mr.J. T. HuMNrtY for another, on the ground that there was no sufficient evidence of death or insolvency; that if the order on the motion should be for the suit to proceed in the absence of thisparty, then the motion was wholly unnecessary, as the plaintiff might have amended his bill; that the nature of the sauit was such that there would be a joint and continuingliability on his estate with his co-contractors, and that therefore it was right towards them that the evidence of no assets should be distinct and clear, and that if there were assets they should be represented in the usual way. His HoNOUR considered that the evidence as to death was sufficiently strong to induce a court of probate to grant letters of administration, and, that being so, he should receive it. The other objections could not prevail. There was p-imdfacie evidence of insolvency, and if there were assets the order would not prejudice the rights of the defendants to any contribution they might be entitled to against the estate of their co-contractor. If the father, who had made the affidavit, and who would be the person antitled to administration, would consent to rep resent the estate, the order would be very much facilitated. But, if not, the order would be made on affidavit, of fitness, for the appointment of some one else, and it must be shown on tho face of the order that the father had appeared and declined to represent the estate. STIFF V. CASSET. It was stated in our report of this case that the. demurrer was "allowed with costs." This was an error, as his Honour's judgment would clearly show. It should have been " overruled with costs."
COUBT OFBANKRUPTCY, Ba3inq1tU-$tret.iMa2'chl3. _ - RE JEEFERIES, PEARCE, AND CO. fBeA&P MIIF f znanpM.Mt; VeVAN.Ri -xne oDanxups were merchants, ot Union-court, Broadstreet, and Rio Janeiro. On Monday arguments were adduced upon the right of certain creditors to prove against -both firms, when judgment was reserved. His Ho-\o,sO now said,-In this case the bankrupts carried on business in London under the firm of Jefferies, Pearce, and Co., and at Rio under the name of Dutton, Pearce, and Co. The parties in both houses were the same persons. By the law of England the property, whether in England or Rio, would all pass to the assignees under the bankruptcy; but it is admitted that, by the law as it exists at Rio, only the parties who had securities on the house at Rio by the name it bore there would be entitled to any portionof the property at Rio. The propertyat Rio is saidto be large, and the parties who are entitled to share in it will get a large portion of their debt. The Iclaiifiant in this case seeks to prove under this petition as to two bills drawn by the house at Rio on the house in London for 5501. It has been argued that the claimant ought not to be' allowed to prove, but merely to enter a claim, as he may probably get paid nearly his whole debt, as far as their bills are concerned. Several cases in equity were cited to show that a party having two securities will be compelled to obtain p~yment under a security that does not interfere with other creditors who have only one security. In those cases ithe party had his climin fully discharged. That is not premisedin this case. This case does not come within thedecisionsthat a creditor must elect between joint and separate estates; and if Ihad such a power, and he were to electto prove under this petition, the creditors would not be benefited. If I were to allow only to enter a claim, the dividend would be lockedup for a very long period. The party has clearly a right to prove those bills under the petition, and I do not think I have any right to impose any condition as to withholding the dividend. Mr. S. MORLEY, of the Administrative Reform Association, one of the assignees, complained of the amount of the accountant's bill (681.), which was very large, and ought not to have been incurred without the consent of the assignees. The bankrupt's books were remarkably well kept, and if a voluminous balance-sheet were indispensable, any one of the bankrupt's numerous clerks wouId have been glad to prepare one for 51. He thought it his duty, on public grounds, to bring this matter before the Court, as the merchants and traders of the city of London complained of the charges incidental to the -winding-up of estates in that court, and especially the charges of the accountants, and the consequence was teat much business was kept out of court which would otherwise be brought there. His HowoOUR said,-I think all these accountantse balancesheets are stupid nonsense. Bankrupts ought to make out their own accounts; and if they made a plain and simple account it would be more acceptable to creditors and satisfactory to the Court. Mr. MORLEY said he did notwish to prevent the payment of the bill, as it would fall on the bankrupt, who was an hencst and rcloot2hie nmn-. - - - - - - His HoNoUR said,-If the creditors like to give away their money, I don't interfere; but I never make an order for payment of these bills without consent from the creditors.__
ZNSOLVENT DEBTOR& COUBT, AfardL 13. IN; RE CHARIES ROSE. fBefre Mrf . aommiA*ioi4r Prm.Tr'P I vs nSsolvent was lately an asslstant.- surgeon attached to the British army serving in the Crnmea. Some eccentricities of conduct edto his being senthome under arrest, aned upon arriving in Eigland he wvas arrested at the suit of a creditor, and in January last wras committed to the Oebtors' Prison in Whitecross-street. Soon afterwards his conduct presented evidences of a disordered mind, and upon a medical examination he was pronounced to be insane. Mr. Burdon, the humane governor of the prison, presented a petition to this Court praying for the insolvent's discharge, he being unable to file any schedule or to undergo any examination. gotice of the petition had been served upon the attorney for the detaining creditor, and this morning MWr. Commissioner PnxLraps granted an order of discharge.
sPRT2G ASSIZES. lTf)UF. Vn?flTrm'r MAIDSTONE. M-A.CH 13. 'IVIL ;SIDE.-tEefore Afr. .Baron ALDERSox ancl a Stpecia Jury.) WHEELER V. CURRIE. This was an action brought to recover damages for false imprisomnent. =ereant Shee and Mr. Sharp were counsel for the plaintiff; and Mr. x Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Russell appeared forthe defendant. This cause was tried on Wednesday, but was not brought to a conclusion until a late hour. The plaintiff inth action was formerly a schoolmaster at Saltwood, near Sandling, and the defendant was the Rev. Maynard Currie, the curate of the parish of Saltwood, and the son of Mr. Raikes Currie, of Sandling-park. The action was brought under the following ci.umstances:- It will be remembered that in Augustlast year there was a review of the British Foreign Legion upon the grounds of Mr. Currie by hisRoyalHighneestheDukeof Cambridge, and a presentation of colours, and it appeared that a good many of the respectable tradesmen, farmers, and others, residing in the neighbourhood, were presented with tickets by Mr. Curre to witness the proceedmngs. Among thenm was the plaintiff; who received a ticket from the defendant authoriing the admission of threepersons * but it appeared that he in the firstnstance rather exceeded the privilege granted to him, and that, instead of only being acconmpanied by two persons, he took his wife and some female acqnaintances, and that the party consisted of five instead of three persons, the number mentioned on the ticket. No difficulty, however, appeared to have been created on this score; the plaintiff and his friends were admitted to the grounds and saw all that was going on, and, in consequence, accordind to the statement of the plaintiff of the defendant having told him that refreshments would be provided at the house, he and his wife, and the rest of the party, proceeded thither in the course of the afternoon, for the purpose of partaking of some of the good cheer which they expected would have beenprovided. They were, however, disagreeablydisappointed at fidnding that no preparations had been made to supply any refreshment, and that all that couldbe obtained was two or three glasses of bitter beer and a small quantity of gin-andwater. The plaintiff admitted that he was] a good deal annoyed at finding that no proper arrangements had been made for supplyig refreshments for those who had been invited to be present at the fate, audlhe expressed his intention of speamugto Mr. Currie upon the subject, and there appearedtobe no doubt that he was very ang at what he coniidered to be an insult that was cast upon hn and his friends. He subsequently had some converation with the defendant, and afterwards a policeman spoke to him, and an assertion vasmade that hewasdruik, and he was requested to leave the grounds, but he refused to do so. At length it appeared that the plaintiff was given into custody by the defendant upon a charge of being drunk and creating a disturbance, and he was taken to Hythe in charge of a constable and was locked up in a cell for four hours, when he was bailed. He appeared before a bench of magistrates two or three days afterwards, and the defendant was examined as a witness in support of the charge, but, after a long investigation, and evidence being adduced on the part of Mr. Wheeler to rebut the accusation, the charge of drunkemness was dismissed by the bench. A month after-this it appeared that the plaintiff was dismissed from his office of schoolnaster, his school bein" a sort of parochial one, under the control of Archdeacon (roft, the rector of Saltwood, and the present action was subsequently broughf to obtain damages for the injury that had been inflicted upon the plaintiff by the false accusation thathad been made against him. The plaintiff himself was examined, and he swore positively that on the day in question he partook of no more antoxicating liquorthan the bitter ale and a wineglass of gin and water, and thathe was perfectlysober. His wife and the other perSOns who accompanied hun upon the occasion in question also gave smilar evidence, and a number of respectable persons who saw the plaintiff in the grounds also stated distinctly that he was perfectly sober, and they also, as well as himself, declared that he did not misconduct himqdlf, or behave at all improperly, or in fact do anything to justify the proceeding adopted by the defendant of ch rging him with being drunk. The steward of Archdeacon Croft, who met the plaintiff while he was on his way to Hythe in the charge of the policeman, also stated that he was perfectly sober at tbat time; and the superintendent of police who received charge of hini at the wolice. Station also deposeo io the same fact, _9- !dr. OEHABERS, in his address to the jury for the defendant, endeavoured to show that the plaintiff being taken into custody was not the act of the defendant, or by his orders, but it was a proceeding taken by the police-constable in what he consideredto be the execution of his duty, in consequence of the conduct of the plaintiff at the time in question. With regard to the question whether the plaintiff wss drunk or not, it appeared to him that it had very little to do with the matter; and he was ready to admit that probably he was not drunk at the time he was taken into custody. He should show them, however, what his conduct was upon the occasion? and it would be for them to say, when they had heard the evidence he should lay before them, whether the constable was not perfectly justified in removingthe plaintiff from the premises Several witnesses were then examined on behalf of the defendant, and among them were a metropolitan policeman named Burroughs. who was sent down specially to preserve older upon the occasion of the fMte; Mis. Sanderson, the housekeeper of Mr. R. Cuunie M iss Lindon, the governess, and some other persons oonnected with the establishment. According to their evidence the plaintiff went to the house and behaved in a very violent manner when he was told that no refreshments had been provided; that he swore a great deal, and said he had been invited to dinner, and that " Currie had made a fool of him and his friends." He was also represented to have spoken in a most aisrespectful manner both of the defendant and his father, and- he repeatedly exclaimed that he did not care a - for either. It was stated that in consequence of his violent conduct an application was made to the defendant, who had the direction of the fete,to know what wastobe done, and he rtmonstrated with the plaintiff and he stated that at this time the plaintiff was very excited, and presented the appearance of a man who was in liquor; and in consequence of his conduct he told Burroughs, the policeman, that if the plaintiff did not desist, and remain quiet, he must remove him from the premises. Burroughs, the policeman, in his evidence, stated that in consequence of the plaintiff's proceedirgs his attention was particularly directed to hlm; and he said he considered, from his conduct, that he was drunk He was very noisy, and while the company was passing he made most offensive and diswusting expressions in reference to some of them, and upon his remonstrating with him, and telling him that he must remove him if he did not desist, he became very violent, and dared him to touch him, and said that if he did he would have his coat offhis hack. He went to the inspector, wlio had the charge or the men who were zuut frou Lonadn, and asked him to give him directions what was to be done, and he represented that the inspector told him that, if the plaintiff persisted in acting as he had done, he must lock him up. The constable said that, when the Duke of Cambridge was about to leave, the plaintiff made a great noise, and tried to cheer him, but none of the company responded, and at length, as the plaintiff continned to create a disturbance, he was compelled to take him into custody, and he conveyed him to the park gates, where he was given in charge to another constable stationed in the neighbourhood, who took him to Hythe. Serjeant SB made a most forcible reply upon the whole case, and particularly observed upon the fact that the laintiff himself, and all the respectable witnesses who had t een called on his behalf, had positively negatived the statements with regard to his having conducted himself in the manner described by the witnesses for the defendant. Baron A iERsoN, in smmming up, said he was of opinion that the plaintiff had been illegally given into custody by the defendant, and that he was entitled to a verdict; but as to the amount of damages, that was a question for the jury to decide, having regard to all the circumstances in the case. He thought it might be taken to be proved that the plaintiff was not drunk at the time in question, but at the same time it seemed to him that there could be no doubt that he was very angry at what he chose to consider an insult on the part of Mr. Currie in not providing a dinner for himself and his friends, and that he was in a state of considerable excitement, and might have presented to those around him the appearance of a man who was intoxicated. Still, however, the act of giving him into custody could not be justified, and thejury, when they considered the evidence for the defendant as to the conduct of the plaintiflf would say what amount of damnages he was entitled to. The jury, after deliberating about a quarter of an hour, said they were of opinion that the plaintiff was sober at the tin e in question, and they returned a verdict in his favour, witjh 2004. damages. HALL V. DU. This was an action brought to recover damages for an alleged injury that had been occasioned to a screen by the defendant. Mr. Hawkins and Mr. T. Chitty were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. M. Chambers, Q.C., and Mr. Lush appeared for the defendant. The plaintiff in this action was an attorney at Deal, and he also holds the office of clerk to the County Court at that place. The declaration alleged that he had made a bargain with the defendant, who is an upholsterer and cabinetmaker at Deal, that he should paper one side of a six-leaved screen, aud that, contrary to the orders he had received, he papered the screen in question on both sides, and by so doing destroyed some valuable Oriental paper with which one side of the screen was covered, and it was to recover damages for the injury that was alleged to have been thus occasioned to the article that the present action was brought. In order to make out the plaintiff's case one of his daughters and his wife were examined, and they declared that the defendant received instructions only to paper one side of the screen, and a sea captain was also caUed, who said that the. paper on the screen was very handsome and of an Oriental character, being covered-with birds of paradise -and flowers. The plaintiff himself, who, it appeared, had been in the town all the morning, was not called as a witness, although the arrangement with the defendant was originally entered into with him personally, and the onlyreason given forliis being absent was, that he had been suddenly compelled to go to Dover upon some business for the Admiralty. Mr. CHr.uIIERs, in the course of a humorous speech for the defendant, characterizedthe action as a most absurd and trumpery one, which ought never to have been brought. He said he should be able to prove that the " valuable Oriental papered screen" which was the subject of the action was- a rubbisbing article which had been purchased for a few shillings at a sale at Dover by the plaintiff, and that it was in a most dilapidated condition. He should likewise prove most distinctly that the defendant, who was a respectable tradesman at Deal, received instructions from the plaintiff, who had not dared to appear in the witnessbox and state the contrary, that he should paper the screen on both sides; and, indeed, it was m such a state, that, to render it of any use, it was absolutely necessary that this should be done. He said he should also be able to prove that it was not until the defendant had sued the plaintiff for the sum of 21s. in the County Court for his labour in papering the screen that the present action was brought ; and the laintif in order to put the defendant to all the expense in nis power, and in the hope that he wouldthereby be deterred from defending the cause, had placed it at the very bottom of the list. Witnesses were then called who made out in the most satisfactory manner every one of the material points relied upon by the defendant. Mr. Baron AnxsasoN having summned up the case, The jury at once returned a verdict for the defendant. X BILAMGEHUItST V. THE SOUMTH-ASTERN RAWWAY. Mr. Hawkins and Mfr. Francis appeared for the plaintiff; and Serjeant Shee andl Mr. Woollett for the defendants. This action arose out of an accident that occurred on the North Kent line on Christmas-day last. The plaintiff, who is ayouanglady19 years of age, was one of a bridalpnarty who were trave~lling on the line, and when theaccident happenedit appearedthat both thebride and bridegroom and herself received injury. The case was arranged by the company agreeing to pay 501. damnages. CROWN COUR.-(Before 3fr. Juie COIERDGE.) Emmanuel Elsner, 28, one of the German Legion, was indicted for the wilful murder of John Bock. Mr. Deedes prosecuted. The prisoner was defended by 3r. Colquhoun. This case was postponed from the winter assizes. It appeared that the prisoner and the deceased both belonged to the Foreign Legion, and -that in September last they were stationed in the barracks at Canterbury. A portion of the North Lincolnshire Militia were also stationed in the barracks, and it appeared that on the night of the 30th of Sep. tember, just about the timne the tattoo was to be beaten, the prisoner and the deceased had been playing with one of the drams, and with each other,apparently in a friendly manner, but at length they both became angry, and slapped each other's faces. The deceased walked away, and the prisoner was seen to take something from his pocket, which was no doubt a knife, and he ran after the deceased and made several rapid stabs at him, inflictig no less than half a dozen desperate wounds, from some of whieh the bowels protruded, and he died almost immediately. The pnrisoner then ran off, but he was taken into custody in another part of the barracks on the same evening. The learned counsel for the prisoner made an earnest appeal to the jury on his behalf and endeavoured to show that the witnesses were mistaken in his identity. He also urged that, even supposing they should be satisfied upon this point, the circumstances under whieh the act was committed would justify them in acquitting the prisoner of the crime of wilful murder, and finding him guilty of manslaughter only. M1r. Justice COLERIDGE having summed up, The juryi after some deliberation, found the prisoner Guilty of manslaughter. The learned JUDGE, in passing sentence, told the prisoner that the jury had taken a very merciful view of his ease, for undoubtedly, upon the evidence before them, they would have boeen perfectly justified in finding him guilty of miurder. Thne crnme he had committed was one of the most dreadful character, and he felt it his duty to order him to be transported fer 14 years. Carl Schmidt, 33, a private in the German Dragoon Regiment stationed at Shorncliffe, was charged -with wounding Edward Felshaw, with intent to do him grievous bodily - It apreared in this case that the prisoner and four or five other foreign soldiers were -near Sandgate on the 22d of January, and that the prosecutor, who is aa old man, was insultid by them, and on his attempting to resist the whole party assaulted him, and-the prisoner beat' him in a most brutal manner with a portion of an oak paling. In consequence of the old man's cries for assistance, Green, a metropolitan policeman, went to his assistance, and the prisoner and his coinpanions at first atternited to redst, but5 upon the policeman drawing his staff, and aying about him, they all took to their heels. They returned, however, shortly afterwards, evidently with an intention of doing some mischief, but the COnEtable, not at al daunted by the ceeded in capturing the prisoner, and putting the whole of the other Germans to flight. L The jury found the prisoner Guilty. Mr. Justice CoLERIDx1 told the prisoner that, although he and his companions had not scrupled to make a brutal attack UpOnI n old man, they showed they had no courage I when the were attacked by a man who was able to resist thsm, le then sentenced him to boe imprisoned and kept to harlabour for't mosutii. - - - His LORDSHIP then ordered Green, the constable, to stand forward and said that he had behaved remirkably well, and, to ; ow the sense entertained by the Court of his conduct, he should order him a reward of 51. George Slatter, who had pleaded " Guilty" to a charge of stealing a large quautity of property, was brought up for judgment, and sentenced to five years' penal servitude. Eliza Smith, 26, who had pleaded " Guilty" to a charge of obtaining money by- false pretences, was brought up for judsgment. The prisoner, it appeared, had gone about the country with a*petition, which represented that sheand her children 'were in a state of great distress, and detailng circnm stances of a most pitiable nature, the whole of which, of course, were without any foundation. The petition also bore a number of forged signatures, and it appeared that upon those representations the prosecutor, who is a clergyman at Ickhanm, gave the prisoner a sovereign. 'lThe learned JUDGE, nfter observing upon the heartless and disgraceful nature of the fraud committed bythe prisoner, sentenced her to nine months' hard Labour.
vNR.Rmvpk (nTPIYTT YOREL MEAILc 12. Ine cases trled m the .ivil Uourt to-day were excessively uninteresting. CROWN CovrsT.-4Before Mr. TitstieC WILXES.) John Booth, an old man of 64, was indicted for shooting at John Dodgson with intent to murder and to do hia givous bodily harn, at Leeds, on the 22d of January Mr. Blanshard prosecuted, the prisoner was defended by MIr. Dearsley. It appeared that the prosecutor and some others,-among whom wvas a man named HEodgoson,-on the might stated were at the Talbotinn. Some conversation tool p lae in ference, first, to the war and-its prospects, and then upon peace generally. The prisoner, who seems to have been the worse for liquor, in the course of that convers4tion, used some very strong language, especially towards the landlady, and some of the company reproved him for it, On this a slight altercation took place, the prosecutor observing to the prisoner. "Why, you must be misane." The prisoner re- lied, *'If you say that, you are a thief and -a robber." Prosecutor told him that if he said that again he would strike him, whereupon theprisonerreiteratedthe statement, and the prosecutor immediately struck the prisoner a smartish blow. The prisoner was then seen to take a pistol from the inside pocket of his coat, and, although only at the distance of a couple of yards from the prosecutor, he fired it directly at his side. The charge penietrated the jack-et and under-clothing of the prosecutor, and inflicted a wound upon the prosecutor's side, thouglh not a very serious one. At first it was thought that the pistol was only charged with powder and wadding, but the prisoner himself remarked that there had been a bullet in it. The prisorier had woundedhis own hands, which were bleeding very much when the constable came to approhend him a few mnutes afterwards. When chaged the prisoner saidhe did not fire the pistol till he had been struck at, and that he would do it again. - For the defence it was contended that the provocation was such as to excuse the prisoner for what he had done, and that those present considered that the firing was the result of p ure accident. Had it been deliberate; it was not likely tnt the prisoner woulidhave so mismanaged as, in his clumsiness, to in9iict a wound on his owuhandl. He had, no doubt, thought that,having thepistol loaded in his pocket, he would frighten the prosecutor for the insult he had offered hire.~~~~~~~~~ The learned JUDGE said the only question for the jury was whether the act was the result of accident or of premeditation and design. The jury returned a verdict of Gutiky, -with intent to dc grievous bodily harm, accompanied by a reeonunendation of mnercy, and The JUDGE sentenced him to be imprisoned, with hard labour, for 12 calendar months. Mark Kirby, aged .36, and James odgeson, aged 30, ere indicted for night poaching in awvoodnear Goldsborogh, iu the occupaton of the Ron. Wg Duncomof and being armed, offering violence to Richard Phillips and Thomas Johnston, gamekeepers, to prevent theirlaWful apprehen- M{r. West and Mfr. Alderson prosecuted; Mr. Dearsley defended KRirkby, and Mfr. Price the other p3risoner. It appeared that on the morning of the 27th1 of December last, between 12 and 1 o'clock, Richard Phillips and Thormas Johnston, gamekeepers to the Hon. W. Ducombo, of Goldsborough, were out watching in the woods at Goldsborough, when they saw the two prisoners and a third man, each armed with a gun. The watchers hadvwith them a smaU terrier dogloose, and Pbillis had a large mastiff and St. Bernard dog fastened to a belt round his body. The watchers had with them no guns, but very heavy sticks. The watchers had heard guns fired, and advanced upon the three men, one of whom as soon as he saw them fired at the small terrier dog. The poaches- and watchers immediately all got into conflict, the watehers using their sticks and dog, and the poachers the butt-ends of their guns, which were broken in the struggle. After a desperate iight, durng w.hich one of the three poachers ran awvay, the other two men were secured. All of then; were more or less hurt. One of the poachers had three serious scal pounds on his head, which the surgeon, Mr. Arthur, of Vuaresbarough, was of opinion had been made by a heavy stick of one of the watchers, which was produced, and kirby had a very dangerous lacerated wound on his arm, which had rendered it doubtful whether it would not be necessary to amputate it for some time, caused by the bites of the dog, and he had several other punctured wounds about his hands from bites of the dog. A dead phemsant was found in possession of one of-them. Both the watchers were also severely hurt. For the defence it-was objected that the occuipation of the wood by Mr. Dancombe was not proved, that it was a mistake to say there was any one present but the two prisoners, and that the statutable offence of which they were charged was not ,proved, and that the violence used by the prisoners in resisting their apprehension when attackedby the wathersandtheirdogs was lawfuL. Both prisoners had excelIent characters as hard-working, honest men. His LoRDsmu? having carefully summed up the evidence, directing the jury as to the lsaw, and commenting in severe terms on the illegality and brultality of using dogs in apprehending poachers, The jury retired, and,after a short absence, found both the prisoners GutiUA,. Sentence was deferred.
'N0TIw WAT.F.R A1ROTffP1 WELSIPOOL MAicH 12. The commission of assize for hlontgomeryshire was opened at Welshpool on Monday evening, before Mr. Justice Erle, On Tuesday morning his Lordship attended divine service at St. Mary's Church. The court opened for business at 12 o'clock. Frederick Griffiths, 35, labourer, was indicted for maliciously setting fire to a haystack, the property of -argaret Johnson, at Newtown, on the 20th of ?yovember. S.Beavan prosecuted, theprLsoner was undefended. The prosecutrix had a stack of hay in a field adjoining the turnpilke leading from Newtown to Llanidloes, and about 12 o'clock on the night in question the stack was set on fire, and nearly destroyed. A little before that time the prisoner pssed the Green Cottage beerhouse, and shortly afterwards wasmet in comnpany with one John Richards by Titus WiUiams and Aatthew Richards. They aU started in the direction of Ilanidloes, but had not proceeded far wh;en the prisoner turned back, and must necessarily have passed and repassed the stack in question. Subsequently Titus Williams parted company -with the other two, and, on retracing his steps, found that the rick was on fire. - Evidence was given of the prisoner having been seen coming from the direction of the stack, and his boots corresponded with the footprints found there; and, to account for a motive for the act, it was shown that in October last the prisoner made a threat against the son of the prosecutrix. The prisoner was convicted, and sentenced to four years' penral servitude. John Rush, alias John Davies, and William Davies, both militiamen, were indicted, the former for stealing a letter containing a Post-office order for 21., and the latter with instgating Rush to commit the folony. Mr. Beavan and Mfr. Vaughan Wlliams prosecuted. The prisoners were privates in the Montgomeryshire Militia, and in October last were quartered at WelshpooL On the 15th of that month a labourer named William Davies obtained, at Bishop's Castle, a Post-office order for 2., which he 'sransmitted to, his son, John Davies, then livingattheLower Paclkhorse Inm, WelshpooL The prisoner Rush, who also went bythe nTame of "John Davies," was then biletted at the Upper Baclbhorse Iun in the same town, and he told the prisoner Wiliam Davies that he had received a letter with a money order for 21., adding that it did notbelong to him. Davies replied, "You - fool, go and get the money for it" A militia coxral named i ns, at the request of Rush, signed the orer for him, andafterwards handed over the money to -Rush, which was spent by both prisoners. On the fraud being discovered the prisoner Rush offered to refund the money if alowed to make the matter up, but it was refused. The jury found both prisoners Guift, and a previous conviction was proved against them. Rush was sentenced to three months' imiprisonment, and Davies to nine months, both with hard labour. Johm Wiliams, 36, Job Morgan, 18, and William George, 22, privates in the lfontgomerysbire Mllitia, were indicted for maliciously aultmng a police-constable namedThomas Silver, and thereby occasiom ng great bodily harm. The prosecutor is an offiicer in the Welshpool police force, andhis evidence went to showf that at midnight on the 29th of January he was attacked opposite the police station by the prisoners Morgan and George, and, in the 5cufe that ensued, he-was strack with a small iron bar on the forehead, and Morgan threw a stone which hit him on the back part of the head. Prosecutor succeeded in getting away, and as he was retreating the prisoner Williams came up and kicked him severely. Mr. Barratt, surgeon, aescribed the nature of thewouinds, and said they were such aa.sight have been produced by the w eapons named, and could only have, been inflicted by the use of great violence. For the' defence several witnesses (militiamen) were called, and they distinctly swore that at the time of thedis. turbance theprisoners were-at their billets,in bed. The jury Acquitted the prisoners.- IMr. Beavan and My-.Taughan Williams appeared for the prc*eeoution; the Prisoners were defended by Mr. BFlntyre ai1d M;. Iforgan Lloyd. -:. - - --Thoinas Goodwin, 19, labourer, was indicted for *criminal Assault on Mary Ann llelings, a child under 10 years of age, t Garthwill, on the 11th day of November. - Mr.Vaughan XJilliams prosecuted, and the prisdnervisa defended by Mir. Mforgan Lloyd." -It appeared from the evidence that the prisoner had formerly nived as o5tler with b. )llinqs, of the Neag,s Read Ilnn, Garthwil] On Sunday, the ll of November, Yr. and frs. Mellings went from home, leaving behind a sev, vant maid ad a little girl of Mr. Mellmgs by a former mife During their absence the prisoner came to the house and, after remaining there for aeveral hours, induced the chflij to accompany him to a bin in the yard, where he com. mit:ed the offence alleged asainst him, and jaced Lis bhan over her mouth to prevent her screaming., When Mr. Mel. lngs returned home in the evening he saw the prisoner in, I the act of leaving the house. The child having told be: stepmother what had happened, she was examined by Dr. Slyman, of Newton, who now gave evidence in support oc the allegation charged in the indictnent. The jury found the prisoner GuWy of a misdemeanour ist attempting to comnit a, felony, and e was senjenced to be m,psrisoned for 18 monthsb Thec business of the asesuec terminated skortly before 5 o'clock mn the evening.
|MIDDLESEX SEQ% T aray, March 13. ThesittingsoftheCourtfo-ithe )arch general sessioni were resumed this mornng at the Guildhall, Westminster, by adjournment from Clerkenwell, before -r. pasley, Q.C., Assistant-Judge, and the calendar contained the nanes of 60 prisoners. James Wilson, 22, was indicled for feloniously brin, and entering the shop of George IAnbert ind anothibe, stealingtherein two silver chalices, value 271, their prow perty. On the evening of Saturday, the Ist inst., as one of the shopmen of tha prosecutors, who are silversmiths, in Coventry-street, was serving a customer, he heard the break. ing of glass, and on loo round he saw the prisoner iii the act of smashing the window, and taking out articles of plate. He ran out and found the. prisoner throwing the plate into the street. He was Etopped from firther amusing himself in thatway, and two chalices were picked up in tihe road. When he 'was given in charge he asked what he had done, and on being told by the policeman he said he kneW nothing about it. The jury expressed a doubt as to the prisoner's sanity; and, as the Assistant-Judge agreed with them, theyreturnes a verdict of Yot Guily. John Williams, 19, was indicted for stealing a gold Tin; value 15s., from the person of James Brown. On the memorable morning of the fire at Covent-gardez Theatre the prosecutor was standing at the corner of -Uroadcourt, in Bow-street, when he was surrounded bya gang of persons, among whom was the prisoner, who havng forced him up against the 'wall, fhe prisoner took the pin cut of his scarf. The jury found him GutLIy. lliennan, a constable of the B division, proved tbat the prisoner had been previously convicted, and that he wa.s the associate of some of the worst thieves in West.' minster. The A&SISTANT-JUDGE sentfnced the prisoner to four years penal servitude. Edward Branton, 24, a ticket-of-leave convict, was in.; dieted for having stolen sIX gold rings, Talue 41., the pro. perty of Richard Stephen ' Haylett He was further charged with having stolen two-gold rings and a gold chain, .valne 51., the property of George Danby, and with having been twice before convicted of felony. The prisoner pleaded "Guilty" in lMr. Waylett'scase, and also to the previous convictions. He handed in a paper, stating that since he vws liberated on a ticket-of-leave he had endeavoured to live honestly, but could not obtain the means of doing so, and that he had been again driven into crime against his Will. It appeared from the depositions in Mr. Waylett's case that the prisoner went into his (a jeweller's) shop, in Oxford-street, and, Feeing Mrs. Waylett, he ask-ed her to show him some rings and a tray containgu q antity waspL on the counter for his inspection. BIe selected severs, and placed one on his fnger, but, being observed . by Wsy- lett to put ono in his pocket, she tried to get it from him, and called out, " Stop thief P' He ran out of the shop, ana wvas pursued into :Portman-square, where he was s-topped by a policeman opposite l.ord Carigan's house. Two rigs were foundin his possession,. and the others were £oundni the area in front of Lord Cadigan's. They vere identified by the prosecutor as his property. The evidence in the other case was of the same nature. Whicher, the detective sergeant, stated that he had tle prisoner in custody on two fonner occasions, when he w2as convicted, and on the last, the 10th of May, 1852 he was sentenced at the Old Bailey to. be transported for sev-nx years, his companion at that time, a returned convict, being sentenced, on the same charge, to 10 years. In September, last he was liberated on a ticket of leave. Two convictions in 1850 were also proved against him. The ASSISTANT-JuiDGE said it might possibly be to some extent true, as the prisoner represented in the paper he had banded in, that he had found dificulties in the way of getting an honest living if he had endeavouredto do Eo; - bt, even w ere such reilly the case, it could not affect the Cor in dealing with a man who ws released from a sentence of transportation on a ticket of leave only in September last; who had been repeatedly convicted before, and was nowr charged with two daring robberies. The prisoner's career showed that leniency was but little likely to reclaim hi His punishments had, from two months' imprisomnment, reached transportation - he was liberated long before that term had expired, and Le was now here with two serious cases agamist him. It was necessary that society should be relieved for some time from his presence. Tme sentenoo therefore was that he be kept in penal servitude for £sI yeas, and it would be as well that it should be generally known that such sentences would no't be reduced a singla day.
THE CORYTRADE. ar^Nors.R C..- I During the week a feeling of greatci confidence as regardswbeat and flourhasgradually obtained, which has led 'to a more unimated demand for these articleg than hasbeen experienced for some time past, and pices have recovered from the depresion noted on our last market y. Otherarticles have likewise been held with more lirnnew, but the sale has not been free. At Liverpool the arrivals this week influenced, no doubt, o som,e extent, by contrary winds) are snty, about 1ISOO cluarters ef wbeat fromabroad, chielly Egyptiaun being thle only import of moment. There was afair attendance at ourmrket tde mnorni, and wheat ws in 60Ood reqrueLst at tbe extreme rates of this dBay fortnizht, thereby recoe hdeclinenotedlsetweek. riour was heldsfora a similar sbut this had the effect of checing sales. Oats were ld. per 4lb., and oatmealL d.per load dearer, bat both moved off kery slowly. Beans andabarley were each Is. per quarter higher, and in tolemably fair demand. BIRXMtGHTAM M-iscE 13. At is day's market then was a lair supply of wheat, and it found buyer at an improvement of 3 iper quarter. Barley as. per qrter dearer. fMoredoinginoats, atformerprces. Beansandp.%M unaltered. Seineof the;'lers adyanvd the retail price ol four 3a 4d per sack. GLOCESTEB, iLaEAcr 13. At ourmiarket on Saturday lastEnglish and foreign wheat abeut snp. ported previous rates, but, with the improved tone reported from Lou-- don, Liverpool, lc the decline noted of this day se'nnight hac been quite recovere;a Fine mattiug birley commands more attention, and is is. per quarter higher, but no sale for distWfery or grindingkinds. The demand for oats continues rsuggish iu the extreme, buo quotations are unaltered. Very little passlgin beans orrmaize. Wheat.-Italian, Roman, La., fme zed, 70s. to 74s. per 48[&.b. Portuguese and Spanish, lhite and red, 7s. to 72s.; Brailow, Danube, &tc, soft, 62s, to 66s.:; G.dala4 e red, 6ts. to 74s.; English, white, 74s. to 76s. per imperial quarter; ditto, red, 6s. to 6Ss. Earley.-Engsh, choice matting, 37s. to 39s. per imperial quarteAr foreign, and Engish heavy Drinding, 3is. to S2s, iper 4(*lb. ; Irish ditto, 31. to 3so. Oats.-Irish, kiln-dried, w^hit, potato, 24s. 6d. to fI. er 31_ib. ditto, black, e22s to 236:; datto, 'tawny, 74s.to 2hs. Ed. Be^ns.-EngliSh, old, Es. 9d. to 6e. per imperial bushel ; ditto, new,. SA. to5s. 2d.; -syptian, 14s. 6d. to 14 E9d. per 1961b. ; Fiench, &e., 14s. 6d. to 14s. 9d. ; Indin cor, 14s. s9d. to14s. 9d. GLASGOW, IAItcn 12. We BaTe a oontinuance of -dry spring wecther. Oatwise and-from Irelandihe iulpdies havebeen meagre; irora abroad, by the Clyde. they oDasisted of only 3,5, barrels of flour fr.om New York: vii Grangemouth there were none. Wheat and Ii-mc erperiencedramoderate reinile ring the vweek. at ratberti:=er pnce. Oatmealwas more inquired after, andthe better quahitiusimproved a little. At this day's mirtet there ^as a. fair attendance of town anl c^ountsybuyerfs TDdhem was abetr|lter doemuad in gens erl,°^i at n dvn 6t. tols. per3901lb.; oate, oatmeal, and beans, 3d. to Ed. pr rboll as?dA loadl respec$tiely. __ _ _ _ _ _ _ _ _
THE LoxmxO GE2xui. Oatmml s ComTA>ny.- TRA C STATENT.-Week ending Maych S.- Tota receie;s, 5,7411. Is. )Jd. luinberof ominibises nt wvorkl, 331. fA ve_isement.3-;ss Bubu's -New XoveL-'OInr ready~ at all the librari, in 3 vola, *Our Own tor-yi,by Seiina BP7n.bry.sX "Writtenwith great iterarypower and deteP feelilg.tWifinteresting talc is not oulyIa highlyentertaining, but on creedLingly intruTctive and irn3?roving hook."_X-" John Bull." *-Iu thids iook t here is a great deal of icident, aud it is of a 3;ind to sustain the rcaders' coxiseity. 4-sd feeling. u.orcover. in which it abounds is very geninoae, aind tov ches te heay."-" Examiner.' "A eAautifulstory eof loe, zorrow* n atience."-" Britanniua. "Aworkoftthrifling mdtuelbantingin tcsty-" Observer." Also in 3 vols, " 3iargaret and hcr Bridesmaids by the author of "Woman's Devouon." Hurd and Plackett pubishers Msucce,isors to Henry Colburn. IAdvertU9ement.]-" Bechstein's Handbook of CaLU Biid& Wori 2L. 6d.) Should be bought by alliho keep binls. "Elegant Arta for LAdies" is the title of a new ook- which;every lathesc Ehouldplaceinhisdaughtorlshands. Ittreats upon evte and eccomplishment, and is superbly illuxted. A. more useful or elegant bookc does not exist. P.rice a Cd., richbly gilt. The " ifew Vva 3ook of CooDkewil secure a good dinner with the joot .5,,ule meanL Over 2 descripi illustrations add to the utility w.-t value of tbiswork, hch eo.ta ove II org ei ditbt that rma be got up inany hubokl Price I3 6d. kabliate b?Waar4lQvk, J U.fleam.
NAL AD MILITA Xt -WLIGEiYCE. t'sterday morning, at Wc. si6 The rew tranrt Iim. Vtratriz, No` 10, Capts,n Hlfry Cox, made her appear tnce in tle tiyer, off to WYoolwich Arsenal, wad in steamIng toitsi the iOvdY.constmcted landing-place, in coMtft of f'ie towftess of the tide, -went aground; a1n4 twards, vwhiIe xoeding too sear the landingV-0ac°> 1ddenlN-'stMick against. a comer of the platform -catt,ged in. the errArt of herl Iul. Arrived alongtside te pier, ke velsoeas and crew of the vessel got un 't.l-te .notinds of cbeers; which wrce echoed . and retbred ttrum the sherc. At 20 minutes past 3 the landing comt5w;uced amidst *he ieuatiest cowgratulations and hr_rahs. 17 he band ofthe Royal Artillry Regiment played a variety if enltaingai-ss Thousands of persons were ceegregated on the per, on tlh -sides 'of the quay, and down tle whole road Iedingo -the outer-gAtes. The artisans ad labourers were All permitted to suspcnd their daties for lihe occasion. 'he Royijlstandard and the colours of the alded Sovereigns wIaointed on lefty flagstaffs lined the front of the plat26orm, and the gangway was tastefully deoocated with the tfavourite red, white, and blue. The whole extent of the zsailingln thegang'wayborethe names of the various captured Ifortresses and battles-Sebastopol, Alma, 3nkermann, BaLa. 3elavsa, Tchernays, Bomarsund, &c. Three triumphal arches 'were thrown .across the entrance. These were admirably arranged, andformed of laurel and laurstinas. Appropriate -devices were attached thereon, such as " Welcome home," " Where honour and glory lead," " Honour to the brave," " Welcome to the heroes of Sebastopol " and at the en'trance was 1' God save the Queen." These preparations a-ere arranged and. personally superintended by the Store3;eepcr of the Aisenal. Every window in the neighbour. 3ioed hIng ouit a flag or some other symbol in recognition ef the passage* of the soldiers from the seat of war. The square fronting the Arsenal contained 10,000 or 12,000 persons. The streets were lined the whole distance by thousands of spectators. The troops pro'ceeded thence to the barrack field, headed by the band and drsuf the Royal Artillery Regiment. Her Mlje.ty the 'Queen, accompanied by the Prince Consort and his Royal Higlmess the Duke of' Cambridge, attended by a brilliant staff, fonmed of the officers of the Royal Artillery, arrived on the ground at half-past 3, when the booming of a Royal *salute, fired from' six of the heavy guns captured at ;omarsund, Hango, and Sebastopol, shook the surrounding bldings. These guns had been brouightthere for that purVose on the preceding day, and were surmounted by the vic. torious banner of England; Near these trophies was erected the platform for the accommodation of the Royal party. The ground-on this portio4 of the Coniinon was kept by the 5th Company of Royal Sappers aiid Miners. On the arrival there of the Crimean heroes the troops formed into a three. quarter squara, and admitted them within the enclosure 'thus made. They then wheeled into a similar column, along which Her Majesty and the. Royal Princes passed for inspection of the lines. They then retired to the Royal plat. form, when the 17 companies, comprising the siege train newly arrived,' marched past in quick time, and proceeded 'to their quarters. The review thus terminated at 5 o'clock precisely, when the Royal.visitors returned to London. The guard of honour was furnished by the Royal Artillery, and consisted of Lieutenant-Colonel Frankland, Brevet-Major Rogers, tliree lieutenants, six sergeants, and 100 rank and file. Her Majesty's ship C.esar, 91, Captain Robb, and the h5ajestic, 81, Captain James Hoje, .C.B., were ordered yesterday to prepare for sea. The Pearl, 21 gun screw corvette, Captain Sotheby, went into' Portsmouth harbour yesterday afternoon, to repair defects in dock. The paddlewheel sloop Dragon, 6, Captain H. Stewart, C.B., left Spithead yester<day.afternoon for Liverpoo, to convoy round some more of the gunboats brilt by M1r. laird. The Admiralty steam despatch yacht Vivid, Mr. H,W. Alen, M1aster, R.N., in command, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday morning from the Eastward, which is deemed significant of an Admiralty or Royal visit to the fleet shortly, as before anticipated. The gunboats Carnation, Plover, and Pincher, were taken out of dock yesterday at Portsmouth, after refit, and the Hardy taken in to repair defects. The screw transport Chanticleer, No. 88, Captain Vin. cent, arrived at Spithead on Wednesday night from the Crimea. She left Balaklava February 3; Kazatch, February 3; Constantinople, February 13; Malta, February 27; and Gibraltar March 4; with Mr. W. Anderson, late master of the Susannab, wrecked at Kerteh on the 7th of January; Mr. W. Wright, late master of the brig Aden, wrecked en :Kaateh Point December 13; Captain Robinson, Lancashire .Mfilitia; Mr.C. 'rankland, two invalided soldiers, 33 dis- tressed British subjects, and a quantity of stores. She spoke on the 5th inst., off Cape St. Vincent, the steam transport Foyle, and on the 9th, in long. 8.40 W., lat. 6.4C N., the Eclipse. The gunboat Staunch will leave the Arsenal, Woolwich, to-day to try her speed and test the power of her en. gines. The gunboats Fervent and Forester. were yesterday 'morning taken out of No. 1 dock into the fitting basin. The despatch gunboat Intrepid, having been dismantled, was yesterday hauled out of the outer basin and docked, to com. p'ete her fitment for service. The transport steamer Rhadamanthus, E. P. Cole Master-Commanding, was yesterday warped into the river, and despatched from Woolwich with a cargo of boilers and engine-work for Portsmouth. The Sparrowhawk gun-vessel has arrived at Chatham from the Thames, to be immediately prepared for sea. She has been commissioned'by Commander Gurney Cresswel. This vessel will have a. complement of 90 officers and men, and will be ready to sailfor the Balticin the course of a few weeks. She is to be armed with Lancaster guns of heavy calibre, besides which she wiU be supplied with one large 13-inch mortar, weighing upwards of five tons. The artisans belonging to the dockyard are busily engaged on this vessel, in order to have her completed forsea in the shortest possible time. The Wanderer screw despatch steamvessel, Commander J. P. Luce, has been taken out of dock at Chatham, and has made a trial trip in the Medway for the porpose of testing her machinery; owing, however, to the severe gale which was blowing at the time, the trial trip was much shortened. "The machinery) on the whole, was found to work very correctly, As soon as her armament is on board she will tale her departure for Sheerness. The Cormorant gunvessel, Commander Bowden, is ordered to be fitted for sea at Chatham, at which port she is daily expected from the builder's. Her crw will consist of EO nen. The Mohawk, Conumander F. A. Close, -in dock at Chathaw, fitting for a screw despatch steamvessel, is nearly completed and fit for sea.. Her machinery has been put on board, and she is expected to go out of dock in the course of next week. The screw steamship Desperate, 8, Commander Richard D. White, went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Wedresdayto receive her po wder and. ammunition. The paddlewheel steam troopship Dee, 4, Commander Thomas C. Pullen, fteli WoolWich, =Trived at Plymouth on Wednesday with machinery. The crew of the screw`morfiirship Seahorse, 12, got topmasts on end and topmast-rigging over mastheads at Devonport on Wednesday. The gunboat Angler was commissioned at Plymouth on Wednesday by Lieutenant Osway. She got up steam the same day. The London, 90, Captain Jarvis, was taken out of dock at Devonport on Wednesday. Theyscrew steamship James Watt, 91, Captain- George Elliot, will be taken out of dock at 1eyham on Mronday. The transport-ship (dastle Eden, from Bermuda, bound up Ch with convicts, put into Plymouth Sound on Wedreaday. The hlired steam-transport Alps, Captain Inglis, is detained at P4lymouth for orders. - The scre_ steamer Resolute is ready at Liverpool for thereception.of troops. It is believed that detachinents of Royal Artillery will embark on board in a few days for the E9ast. Her Majesty's steimer Geyser Will leave Liverpool to. ldayfoi Portsmouth-I, having in tow the gunboats Brave and 'Esisen, recently lausched by Mr. John Toird. The A tna floating battery, building n - the new slip at (Chatham Dockyard, is nearly completed, and will bh launched, by order of the A^dmiralty, -on the 24th inst. This *vessel hasbeen built from-designs furnished by Sir Baldwin VWalker, Surveyor of the Navy. She has been incased in ",annour-platps," composd -of wrought iron, each plate being 12 feet in length, 2deet inwidth, and4 inches in tltnss, and '-eiw)ing upwards of three tons, whieh, ii is expected, nill renderAlls vesasi proof-against the effects of tile heamiest ahot. This Jarge:eght of inetal wili materisLy sffect her dranglit of iwater. When launched 'she will be fitted for the Baltic with gIl posfble despatch. The fol-lowing are the dimensions of i0ie JA .-Length between perpendiculars, 186 feet; length -of kes for tonnage,. 157 feet; breadth extreme, 44- feat; dit£o, IfW tonnge, 43 feet ( mches; ditto moulded, 43 feet -6 inches' glepth of hold, 1G feet; burden in tons, 1,880. The following are the latest appointments ns.de at the &,f)iralty.-Cojnmander G. A. IE. Ridge, to he~o Coast G6 1d(; Lieutenant W. G. H. Johnston,Flag-Lieitnant, to th2 Inefatigable; Lientenant- '. Pack (additionar;, to the t,i L-f; ieutenant R. 0. Leach, to the Comornrat Lieutenant 5- VfaBrford, to the Orion; Lieutenant T. Pyn6; to the Dr`ver; ,. tutipant R. Rose, to the Confict; Mr. Tracy, Midshipman, .tho Orion; W Brown, Naval Cadet, to the Ek ; F. C. allaei X&T71 Cadet, to the Algiers; PEcrin T lYatkins confirmncd, ht bear date the 7th of january, 1855; G. A. V. Welch, Paymaster, to the Ex. mcuth; Hugh F. Pullcnd, PAmaster, to the Excellent; J. H. Sherriff, Asstat-Pnaster, to the London; E. T. Raffe3, to the CQdnturioh; Edwin Theadston, AssistantC erk, to the Algiers; I. F. Roe, Assistant-Clerk, to the EiUrOU. For himdred anml fifty recruits of the 'Royal Artillery left Woolwich garrison yesterday morning for Sheerness, to remaan there for the purpose of filling up vacancies in the s-iege-train companies about to be ient there. They 'were* commanded byCaptainind Adjutant Woolsey, 5th battalion, and Captain and Adjutant Forbes, 8th battalion, anld were accompanied by the sergoant-majors belonging to the 5th and 5th companies of the oorps. Yesterday morning a detachment of convalescent noncommissioned officers and privates belonging to various regiments left St. MIary's invalid depot, Chatham, and embarked at Gravesend for Irelaud. Mfany of them had been severely wounded in the Crimea. In order to carry out tho wishes of the authorities of the War Department relative to the Enfield rife practice, Colonel H. Jervis, commandant of the Provisional Battalion at Chatham, has exempted a large number of men belonging to the various depots from their ordinary barrack duties, and has directed.them to be placed under the instructor of musketry of that garrison, Captain W. Nott, 83d Regiment.
IRELIND. TEE SADLEIR FRAUIDS. t A1T n o= OnTMP DflBLENT. TnuIPsDAY MOD.mnNo. A moton was mace yesterday Detore one ot tne Mlasters in Chancery to have all the deeds, docuraents, cheeks, and receipts having reference to the case of " the Earl of Kingston and John Sadleir" brought in and lodged for the purpose of having the account which was decreed by the Master taken. Counsel appeared on the other side, but, no Ob4'tctinn hiaving bon nio, the Master decreed accordingly. It is understood that this particular case, when fully unravelled, Will bring to liglit some curious revelations in connexion with the history of Mr. John Sadcleir as a speculator in the Irish landmarket. SIR EDWARD B31A;ENEY. The citizens of Dublin having presented a silver shield to the gallant General who for so many years fLUed the responsible and often arduous post of Commander of the Forces in Ireland, Sir Edward, in acknowledging the receipt of the gift, through Mr. Alderman Roe, assures his friends in Ieland of the pride and pleasure with which he shall ever regard this memorial of the many happy years it was his good fortune to be associated with them.' Few men holding a public appointment in Ireland-especially when the stormy times during which Sir Edward Blakeneyheld his command are talken into accountever so perfectly succeeded in winning the respect of all political and religious parties in Ireland. TH1, FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91 ; ditto, for account, the 8th of April, 92A 92; New Three per Cent. Stock (skht), 9lI; ditto, for account, the 5th of April, 921 92 ibernian Bank of Ireland, 201. paid, 3E,; Royal Bank of Ireland, 101. paid, 197 20; Grand Canal Company, 1001. paid, 38 ex. div.; lming Company of Ireland, 7t. paid, C3o 14. Railways.-Belfast and alymean 01. paid, 474; 201. paid, 91; Dublin and Kingstown, 1001. paid, 157; 1:reat Southep and Western, 601. paid, 52 ex. div.; ditto, Four per Cent. Preference, ill. pad 9 x. interest; K illarney Junction, 101. paid, 8i;1 rdIand' Great Western and Royal Canal, half-sh ares, 201. paid, 24.4 . - _ _ _ _ _ _ _
" DOWB." TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A paragraph which I have observed among the General Orders of the British Army in the Crimea, which appeared in your impression of today, induces me to trouble you with this letter, in order to ilustrate the manner in which our military rulers contrive to render the service subservient. to their own private interests. We all know who Major Dowbiggin is. He is a nephew of our Minister-at-War and was, till lately, a Captain in the 4th Foot, doing his duty manUly in the trenches before Sebastopol. - When L.ord Panmure succeeded the Duke of Newcastle as Minister of War he sent General Simpson out to the Crimea as Chief of the Staff; and when Lord -Raglan died he appointed General Simpson Commander-in-Chief, reminding him in the despatch which conveyed the news of his appointment to " do something for Dowbiggin, if he is fit and there is a vacancy." "Doing something" for an officer means putting him on the Staff, where he will have easier and safer work than in the trenches, and where he will obtain double pay and double promotion. On the receipt of this General Simpson, who seems to have been anxious to act cautiously, wrote a private letter to Lord Hardinge, in which he observed, " There was a sortie last night. Captain Dowbiggin and the party of the 4th Regiment behaved admirably." He did not notice his conduct in the public despatches; possibly the occasion would not have justified his doing so; but he put this eulogium privily on record, -to be used if wanted. Thenhe decided that* Captain Dowbiggin was fit to have " something done for him," so he made him a D. A.A.G. and gave him a-brevet maiority. Now, supposing all these tkanszcions to have been chronicled bon4fide, the result would appear to. be that the 4th Regiment has lost the services of a brilliant captain, andthat the Staff has gainledthose of a "fIt D.A.A.G. If that were so, there'would not be much fo complain of; but the paragraph to which I have alluded informs us to-day that "1BrevetMIajor Dowbiggin, 4th Regiment, D.A.A.G., having been confirmed in a substantive majority unattached, is discontinued from the Staff of this army, and will return to England:on promotion." Therefore the result of all this Jobbing is that the army loses the services of a man' of proved gallantry as a regimental officer, and tried fitness as a Staff officer,-assuming all that has:been said in, praise of Mr. Dowbiggin to be true,-in order that lord Panmure's nephew may rise with suitable rapidity in the service. In other words, otur military service appears to be made for the convenience of such gentlemen, instead c their being made for its convenience. T em !:;7AZ- tA : ---- A - AYPAVh.R CSaptain iMamsay, ILord PaumureEs other nephew, s also eaning his laurels at home, having been brought back from the. East and taken away from his reg,imenta duties before the enemy to become agent to the Turkish Contingenot!
ENGLAND XI)D TS UNITBD-STAEBS. The Net Yor1c Hera?d of the Ist of March publishes the correspondence between the Go,vernments of the United States and Great Britain in regard to recruiting for the B3ritish army within the United StaUtes, together with the documentsand evidence relative to the subject communicated to the Senate of the Jnited. States on the 28th of February last. The first document is a letter fromr Mr. Crampton to Mr. Marcy, dated April 21, 1854, in which Her Britannic Majesty's Euvoy communicates to the Secretary of State of the tnited States that France and England are at war with Russia, and thattheir Majesties have resolved for the present not to authorize the issue of letters of marque. The letter concludes:- "Her Britannic Majests 4overnment entertains the confident hope that, in a spirit of just reciprocity, the United States' Governrment will give orders that no privateer under Russi.au colours shall be epiipped, or victualled,, or admitted vith its prizes into the ports of the United States, and also that the citizens of the United. States shall rigorously abstain from takdng part in armaments of this nature, or in any other measure opposed to the duties of a strict neutrality." I In his reply, dated the 28th of April, Mr. Marcy is ordered by the President to express to Her. Majesty's Government. his satisfaction " that free ships make free goods." ML-. Marcy concludes by stating that th.le United States, " while claiming the full enjoyment of their rights as a-neutral power, will observe the strictest neutrality towards one and all the belligerents." The next document is from. Mr. Marcy to Mr. Buchanan. It is dated Washington, June' 5,1855. After stating that a plan ywas on foot to enlist soldiers within the- limits of the United States to serve in the British army, which was " a, disregard of the sovereign rights of an independent nation, and a clear and manifest infriunmient of the laws of the United States," it was found- on" examination that it had the, asuivu aupport of mono of tho Migli6h authorities resident within the United States, and, to some extent, the sanction of the British Government. Mr. Crampton had shown him the copy of a letter he had addressed to one of them, disapproving the proceeding, and discountenancing it as a violation of the laws ; and it was confidentlybelieved the scheme would be abandoned. That expectation was not realized. The Governor of Nova Scotia, " appa rently with the knowledge and approval of Ier Majesty's Government, had a direct agency in this illegal-proceeding." Mr. Buchanan is requested to callthe attention of |Her Majesty's Government to the subject. I In compliance with this request, Mr. Buebanan, t under date of London, July &, 1855, addressed a note to Lord Clarendon. On the 16th of July, Lord Clarendon sends the following reply to Mr. Buchanan-. "Foreign-office, July 16, 1855. |"The undersined, Her Majesty's principal Secretarybof Statefor Forein Afairs, has -the honour to acknowledge the receipt of the note which Mr. Buchanap, Envoy Extraordinary and MIinister PlenipotentiJary of the United States, I addressed to him on the 6th inst., respecting atteinpts statedto have recently been made to enlist, within the limits of the United States, soldiers for the British army. "The undersigned must, in the first instance, express the re,ret of Her Majestyfs Government if the law of the United States has been m any way infringed by persons acting with or without any.authority from them; and it is hardly necessary for the undersigned to assure Mr. Buchanan that any such infringement of the law of the United States is entirely contrary to the wishes and to the positive instructions of Her Majesty's Government. "The undersigned, however, thinks it right to state to Mr. Buchanan that some months ago Her Majesty's Government were informed from various sources that m the British North American possessions, as well as in the United States, there were many subjects of the Queen who frorm sentiments of loyalty, and mnany foreigners who from political feeling, were anxious to enter Herl fajest's service, and to take part in the war. Her Majesty's Government, desirous of availing themselves of the offers of these volunteers, adopted the measures necessary for making generally known that Her Majesty's Government were ready to do so, and for receiving such persons as should present themselves at an appointed place in one of the British pOssessions. The right of Her Majesty's-Government to act in this way was incontestable, but at the same time they issucd stringent instructions to guard against any violation of the United States' law of neutrality; the importance and sound policyof whichlawhas been so well expounded byMr.Buchanan, in whose remarks upon it, as well as upon the Foreign Enlistment Bill of this country, Her Majesty's Government enErely concur. " It can scarcely be matter of surprise that when it became known that Her Mjesty's Governmenti were prepared to accept these voluntary offers, many persons in various quarters should give themrselves out as agents employed by thO British Government in thehope of earning reward, by promoting, though on their own responsibility, an object which they were awvare was favourably logl;ed:-upon bjy the British Gxovernment. Her Majesty's ,GQve'rnxent do not deny that the acts and advertisements :of these self-constituted and unauthorized agents were iin many instances undoubted violations of the law of the,United States ; but such persons had no authority whatever for their proceedings from any British agents, by all of whom they were promptly and uneqivucally disavowed. " With respect to the proclamation by the LieutenantGovernor of Nova Scotia, enclosed in Mr. B1uchanan's note, the undersigned can assure Mr. Buchanan with reference both to the character of Sir Gaspard Le Marchant and to the instructions he received, as well as tohis correspondence on these instructions, that that officer is quite incapable of intentionally acting against the law of the UTnited States - and, in proof that le did not in fact do so, the undersi&ned begs leave.to refer Mr. Buchanan to the legal decision given on the particular point adverted, to by Mr. Buchanan, by Judge Kane, on the 22d of May last, in the United States' Circuit Court at Philadelphia. The Judge says :- - - " ' I do not think that the payment of the passage fro n this countiy of a man who desires to enlist in a foreign port comes within the act (the Neutrality Act of 1818). In the terms of the printea groclanatiofi there is nothing conflicting with the lavrs of thse United, States.! A person may go abroad, provided the enlistment be in a foreign place, not having accepted and exercised a commission. There is some evidences in Hertz's case that he did hire and retain, and therefore his case would have to be subinitted to a jury. In Perkins's case there was testimony upon which a iary might convict. In Bucknell's case it appears that there was a conversation at which he was present, but t'here was no enliastmentorhiring or retaining. The conversation related asat thgpracticability of personsgoing to Nova Scotia to enlist. f the rule Ihave laid down be correct, then the evidence does not connect him viththe nisdemeanour. Mr. Bucknell is, t4erefore, discharged, and Messrs. Perkins and Hertz are remanded to take their tridl.' *f"As regards the proceedings of Her Majesty's Government, the undersigned has the honourl to inform Mr. Buchanan that Mr. Cramnpton was directed to issue strict orders to British consuls in the United. States to be careful not to violate the law, and Mr. Cramptdn was enjoined above all td have no concealment from the Government of the United States. In the absence of Mr. Crampton from Washington, HeirMajesty's Charge d'Affaiies placed in Mr. Marcy's hands a despatch froms the undersigned on this subject, expressly statinlg that 'HJer MIajesty's Government would on no account run any risk of infringing this (the neutrality) law of the Urnited States.' " The -undersigned has, however, the honour, in conclusion., to state to Mr. Buchanan that er Majesty's Government-having reason to think that no precautionary measures, with whatever honesty they may be carried out, could effectually guard against some real or apparent infringement of the law, -which would give just cause for complaint to the Governmneit of the 'United States-determined that all proceedings for enlistment should be put an end to, aud instructions to that effect were sent out before the undersigned had the honour to receive Mr. Buchanan's note, as the undersigned need hardly say that the advantage wlich Her Majesty's servicemight derive from enlistment in North America would not be sought for by Her Majesty's Government if it were supposed to be- obtained in disregard of the respect due to the law of the United States. The undersigned has the honour to renew to Mr. Bachanan the assurauce of his highest consideration. " Hon. James Buchanan." " CLARExDox." On the 15th of July (bWfore Irlrd Clarendon's reply was 'written) 31Ir. Marcy wrote another pressing letter on the subject to MrLh. Buclanan. On the 3d of August, 1855, MIr. Buchanan writes as follows-to Mr. Marcy "Legation of. the United States, London, August 3. Sir,-You iull observe, by the Lonion Tizes of this morning, that Lord Palmerston last night in the House of Commons; in answer to an inquiry of Mr. Thomas Milner Gibson, stated as follows:-' With regaid to the question vwhich arose in the United States (respecting the enlistment or engagement of soldiers for the Foreign Legion), I beg to inform the right hon. gentleman that a similar arrangement (to that at Heligoland) was made at Halifax, by which any persons going there, from whatever quarter, mightbc enrolled; but, it appearing that that had led to questions writhin the territory of the United States as to. whether or not the law of that country had been violated, Her Majesty's Government, being desirous that no such questions should by possibility arise, has 'put an end to the enlistment of forces vvhich used to take place at Halifax" On the 5th of September, 1855, baving received Lord Clarendon's reply of the 16tlh of July, Mr. Alarcy addressed a note to Mr. Crampton, the pith of which is contained inl the following extract:- "In authorizing a plan of recruitment which was to be carried out in part within our territories, the British Goverimnentseems to have forgotten that the unitedStateshad sovereign rights, as well as municipal laws, which were entitled to its respect. For very obvious reasons, the officers employed by Her Majesty's Government in raising recrnits. from theUnited States would, of course, becautionedtoavoid exposing hcmselves to the penaltiesprescribed by ourlaws. But the Umilt0d States had a right to expect something more than precautions to evade thosd penalties ; they had a right to expect that the Government amnd officers of GreatBritainwcvld regard the policy indicated by these laws, and respect our sovereign rights as an independenit and friendly Power'. ItisexceediDglytobereg.-ettedthat this international aspect or t,!o case was overlooked. As to the ofcers of the British Gove.zriment, it is not barely a question whether they have or hUae not exposed themselves to the penalties of oar laws, bt lvhetUer they' h;ly in their pxeGOdings violutedainternational law and ofered an affront to the sovereignty of the UnitedStates. As functionaries of a foreign Government, their duties towards this country a3 a neutral and sovereign Power are not prescribed by our legislative enactments, but by the law of nations. In this raspect their relation to this Government differs from that of private persons. Had there been no acts of Congress on the subject, foreign CeKnr nts are forbidden by that law to do anything which wouid in any manner put to hazard our position of neutrality in respect to. the belligerents. The infonnation which has been laid before the President has convinced hira that the proceedings resorted to for the purpose of drawing recruits From this country for the British army have been instigated and carried on by the active agency of British .fficers and that their participation therein has involved them in the double offence of infringing our laws and violating our sovereign territorial rights. "The ipforxnation in the possession of this Government is so well established by proof, and corroborated by so many public acts, that the Presdent feels warranted in presenting to the British Government this conduct of Her Majesys offlicers as disrespectful to the United States and incompatible with the'friendly relations between the two countries. ." The object of this note is to ascertain how far the acts of the known and acknowledged agents of the British Government, done within the United States, in carrying out this scheme of recruiting for the British army, have been authorized or sanctioned by Her fajesty's Government." Mr. Cramipton, on the 7th of September, says in reply that he wrill refer the note to his Government, and await instructions. Copies of the letter and note were forwarded to MIr. Buchanan. OI the 27th of September Lord Clarendon addressed the following note to Mr. Buchanan "Foreign-office, Sept. 27. " r. Buchanan, Envoy Bxtraordinary and Mtinister Plenipotentiary of the United States at this Court, will probably have received from-his Govermment a copy of a letter whieh Mr. Marcy, Secretary of State of the United States, addressed to Mr. Crarapton, Her Britannic Majesty's Envoy Extraordinary. and Mfinister Plenipotentiary in the United States, on the 5th of this month, on the subject of the communcation whichlthe undersigned. Her Majesty's Principal . Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, had the honour to make to Mr. Buchanan on the 16th of July, in reply'to his note of the 6th of t.hat monto, complaining of the proceed- nAeofB.iAnh "gcuvs au,, sirit!sh coloia nothori4\ie in raasing 'within the States of the UJnion recr-uits for the Briishmiitay ervce invilaton(as wsalleged) of the act of Congress of the20th ovf Aaprtil, 1(81&. al6d)o h " The undersigned had hoped, from the answer -which ho received from 3t.:Buchanan. on the 18th of July, that the explanations and'assurances which he had given onthis subject, in his note of the 16th of that month, would have proved as satisfactory to the:Givernment of the United States as they appeared to beto Mr. Buchanan; andit was, therefore, with no less disappointmenit than regret that Her Mfajesys Government perused the letter addresideby?lr. Marcy to lMr. Crampton on the 5th inst., of which the undersigned encloses a copy to Mr. Buchanan, in case he should not have received it from Washington. "In this letter, Mr. Marcy, laying less stress than {r, Buchanan did upon the alleged infraction of the niunicipal laws of the United States, dwells chiefly. upon the point which was but-slightly adverted to by Mr. Buchanan, of an assumed disregard of the sovereiga rilhts of the United States on the part of the British authorities, or the agents employed by them. "- Her Mejesty's Government have no -reason to believe that such has been the conduct of any person in the employment of Her Majesty, and it is needless to say that any person so employed would have departed no less from the intentions of Her Majesty's Govermnent by violating international law, or by offering an affront to the sovereignty of ihe United States, than by infringingthe municipal laws of the Union to which lMr. Buchanan more particularly called the attention of the undersigned Her Majesty's Government feel confident that even the extraordinary measures which have been adopted in varous parts of the Union to obtain evidence against Her Majesty's servants, or their agents, by practices sometimes. resorted to under despotic institutions, but which are disdained by all freeand enlightened Governments, wil fail to establish any well founded charge against Her Majesty's servants. "The British Govermnent is fully aware of the obligations of international duties, and is no less mindful of these obligations than is the Governmnant- of the United States. The observance of these obligations ought, undoubtedly, to he reciprocaL, and Her MaJesty's Government do not impute to the Government of the United States; that while claiming an observance of these obligations by Great Britain, they are lax in enforcing a respect for these obligations within the Union. "ButasthissubjecthasbeenmootedbyMr. Mar Her Majest's Government cannot refrain from some few remarks respecting it. "The United States profess neutrality in the present war between the Western Powers and Russia; but have no acts been done within the United States by citizens, thereof which accord little with the spirit of neutrality? Have not anrs and ammunition, and warlike stores of various kinds been sent in large quantities from the United States for the service of Russia? Have not plots been openly avowed, and conspiracies entered into without disguise or hindrance, in various parts of the Union, to take a v=ZtagZe of the var in which Great Britain has been engaged,: and seize the opportunity for promoting insurection in Her Mfajesty's dominions, and the invasion thereof by an armed force proceeding from the United States? "4 Her Majesty's Government have been silent on these matter6, -which they did not consider indicative of the fgeneral foelingc of the . Ameriean people ; for, -ra oring the many ties and sympathies wilch connect the people of the United States with the two powerful nations -who are engaged in the present contest with Rus-. sia, they were convinced that a free, enlightened. and sgenerus race, such as the citizens of the preat Xortli Amercan Union, must entertain on the important aaestions at issue sentiments 'in harmony with those wc animate not only the British and French nations, but the great mass of the nations of Western Europe; and Her Majesty's Government would not have adverted to the exceptional course pursued by a certain number of individuals if it had not been for the abovemeintioned statements in Mtr. Marcy's note. "But Her Mlajesty's Government think themselves enti-' tled to the same credit for sincerity of purpose and uprightness of conduct which they readily allow to the Government of the United States, and to expect that their assurance should be received, that as they have enjoined on all Her Majestys servants a strict observance of the laws of the United States, so they have no reason to believe that any of Her 'Majestys -servants, or any agents duly authorized bythose servyalts, have disregarded thQse injunctions in respectto the matters which form the siubject of this note. "The undersigned requests Mr. Bachanan to accept the assurance of lis highest consideration. - I . . . ,_- , . "CIc.APREINDOV" 'Under date of October 1, 1855, M1r Marcy forwarded -to Mr. BDuchanan papers containing, tlie report of the trial of one :Eurtz for (alleged) violation of the neutrality laws of the United States. " The testimony (says-Mr. Marcy) i'hows that Mvx. Crazupton and several other iBritish officials are *deeplyimplicated inthe transaction."I ' In a despaich dated October 3,1S55j addressed to Mr. rcy, MEr. Bachanan 'co ninents upon Lord Clarendon's .note of the 27th': of Sbptei%ber. He says ' a \ " I cannot but regard as offensive the remark of his Lordshin on ' the extraordinary measures which,' he alleges, 'hiive been adopted in various parts of the Union to obtain evidence against Her Majesty's servants, or their agents, by practices somnetimes resorted to under despotic institutions, bUt -which are disdained by all free 'and enlightened' Governments;' though he would doubtless say these were not intended to apply in an offensive sense to the Americau Government. He probably alludes to occurrences at Cincinati and other places. " If arms and ammunition and warlike stores of various kinds have been sent in large 4uantities froramthe United States for the service of Russia, as his Lordship alleges, this is nothing more than ouir citizens had a right to do, subject to the risk underthe lawof contraband. Similar articles have been sent from the United States to Great Britainin large quantities. Besides, at the presentmoment, and ever since the commencement of the present war, many of our vessels have been engaged as transports by Great Britain and France, to carry troops and rannitions of war to the Crimea. When thins busmess first commenced I was apphed to by masters and agents of American vessels for information as to what penalties they would incur by engaging in it, and I stated to them that their vesselswould be lawfulprize if captured by the Russiars. For this reason I advised them to obtain an indemnity from the Government employing them against this risk." Under date of October 18, ITr. Marcy in a despatch to M!r. Buchanan comnments upon Lord Clarendon's niote of the 27th of September. He "The President hasgiven tothe reply of Lord Clarendon,: Her Britannic ffajesty's principal Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, to the case thus presented by this Government the full consideration it is entitled to on account of the high source from which it emanites, and he regrets. to be obliged to adopt the conclusion that it is not satisfactory. This Government had a right to look for something more in that reply than an expectation on the part of Her Majesty's Govemment 'that their assurance should bo receivedthat,asthey.have enjoined on all Her Majesty's rervants a strict observance of the laws'of the United States, so they have no reason to believe that any of Her Majesty's servants, or any a"ents duly authorized by those 'servants, have disregarded th~ose injunctions in respect to the maitterswhich formnthe subject of this (Lord Clarendon's) note.' This is very laconic, but certainly a very unsatisfactory answver to the demand of redress by this Government for a violationof its laws andan affrontto thesovereign rights of this country." *E i * * *' "Should Her Britannic Majesty's Government see fit to disclose any specific objection to the mode by which the evidence" has been obtained, or attempt in any other way to impeach it, this Government will then feel called on to vindicate its coursLe, and show its ability to sustain its charges by evidence to which no just exception can be taken. Neither tbe promises on 'which Lord Clarendon founds his aigument for setting aside the testimony against the implicated British officers nor the inference he deduces from them can be admitted by this Government." The despatch denies the e'isteniee of "plots or conspiracies in the United States," alluded to by Lord Clarendon, and concludes as follows "Supported as this Government is in the eharge made 'against British'officers and 'agentg of havin infringed our laws and violated our sovereign territorial rlghts, and being able to snstain that charge by competent piroof, the President would fail in due respect for the national character of the United States, and in his duty to niaintain it, if he did not decline to accept, as a satisfaction for the wrongs complained of, Lord Chirendon's assurance tha-t these officials inn enjoined P. itrivt obs mur of our laws, and that hp does not believe that avy of them have disreg the i junction. "This Govermnent believes, and has abundant proof to warrant its belief, that Her Britannic Majesty's officers and agents have transgressed our laws and disregarded our rights, and that its solemn duty requires that it should vindicate both by insisting upon a- proper atisfaction. The Presides$ indulges. th, '.,pe-, 1 i2 deman 16 i ' re U be deemred reisonable, andwill be acceded to by Her Britannic Majesty's Governnent. "The: Government has indicated the satisfaction which itbelieves it has a right to claimfrom the British Government in myydespatch to you of the 13th of July Last. " The President directs you to urge upon Her Britannic Majesty's Govermment the views contained in that despatch, and to read this to Lord Clarendon, and deliver a copy if he should desire it." In a desDatch, datea London, November 2, 1855, Mr. Buchinan gives the substance of a~ conversation he had with Lord Clarendon, at the Foreigno¶fcte, when he co 'mmuncated Mr. Marcy's despatch of the 18th of October. Mr. Buchanan says,- "In concludingthisconversationLordClarendon declare, in'a incere and emphatic manner, that nothing had been further from the intention of the British Government than to violate the neutrality of the United States, or to 'ive them cause of offence. ie could also decLare, in regard to himself personally, that he would not act in scli a manimer towards one of the weakest Powers-not even. towards Monaco; and certainly would not do so towards the great and powerfuil republic of the United States, for vWhich he had ever entertained the vamest feelings of iesect and friendship." Lord Clarendon, in a despatch addressed to M. Crampt6n, ander date of Nov. 16, 1855, resUmes the -whole question. He says,- " It appears that two distinct charges arer made against the officers and3 agents Of Her Majesty's Government:- "First, that theyhxve h within the United States'eteritory infringed the Unites States' law; and, Eecondly, that they have violated the sovereign territorial rights of the United States by being engaged 'in recruiting' for the British army withi'n the United States' territory. "Now, with respect to both these chares, Ihave to obh 8ervethat the information possessed by Her Majesty's Government is imperfect, and that none of a definite character has been suppled by the despatches -of 3Sr. Marcy, inasmuchaex xu no - Iividaul -Britin, oflee or gract in named, and-no particular fact or -time or place is stated, and it is therefore impossible at the present to know either who is accused by Mr. Marcy, or what is the tharge he makes, or what is the evidence on which he intends to rely. "Her Majesty's Government have no means of knowing who are the persons really indicated by the general -words '9fficers3 and agents of Her Majestys Government;' whether such persons as those who-have been under trial are the onlypersonsmeant tobecharged, or, if not, who else is to he included, or what evidence against them is relied upon by the United States Government. "It is tme that you and Her Mfajesys Consuls are personally charged in Mrz. Marcy's -note to you of the 5th of September,hutneither you nor theyare alluded to in Mr. Marcy's- despatch of October 13 to Mr. Buchanan, which might niot unresonably have been expected, if it really be the intention'of the United States' Goverment to charge you or them with being. ' malefactors sheltered from conViCtlOh' lto use the official language of the United- States' A ttorney-General). "They must therefore reuest the -lJnited States' Governmentto make and establish moredistinct charges, with proper specifications, against particular individuals by name, and that Goverentwill,I am confident, nob deny the justice and the necessity of giving each person implicated he opportunity of knowing what is alleged against himself, and of deahng with the evidenc by which the charge may be supported. "I shallaccordingly abstain from offering the remarks which a perusal of the evidence at the recent trials and the character and conduct ofthe witnesses have naturally supgested, nor will I observe upon the temper and spirit in which the officers of the United States' Government have throughout proceeded, and which displayed their desire rather to influence the public mind against Hfer Mfajesty's Government than simply to prove the facts necessary to convict the accused parties, this tone and spirit being the more remarkable when it is remembered that the proceedingS complained of had been for some time definitely abandoned, out of deference to the United States' Government, and that the question to be determined was the character and comnplexion of acts done miny months previously under a state of things no longer existing.': " With reference to the second charge made by Mr. Mlarcy -namely, that-of 'violating the sovereign territorial rights. ofthe UnitedStates, by recruiting for the British army within their territories,' Ihaveto observe that, a art from any municipal legislation in the United States on te subject of foreign enlistment, or in the entire absence of any such legislation, Great Britain, as a beligerent nation, would commit no violation of the 'sovereign territorial rights of the United States,' simply by enlisting as soldiers, within British territory, persons who might leave the United . States' territory-in order so to enist. The violation alleged is the recruLiting waithin the UnLited States; bhut to assume that there wvas, in fact, any such 'recruLiting' (that is, hirng or retaining by British of ficers) is to beg the queslion. V "It appears to Hler Majesty's Govermment that, provided only -no ictual 'recruiting' (that is, enlisting or hiring) takes place -within the United States, British officers who -within the United States' territories might point out the routes which intending recruits should follow, -or explain to them the terms upwn wlich, they would be ur pulxlini apdrooL,b-,tm h *or, or even defray their travelling expenses, or do similar acts, could not be justly charged with violating such sovereign territorial rightS. It has been legally decided in the United States that the payment- of the passage from that -country of a man who desires to enlist in a foreign port does not comne within the neutrality law of the United States, and that a person may go abroad, provided the enlistment be in a toreiga place, not having accepted and exercised a commission. "It would, indeed, be a violation of territorial -rights to enlist and organize and train men as British soldiers within the United States-and -whether or not this has been done by British authority is the question involved inthe first of AMr. Marcy's charges-bat it is decidedly no violation of such rights to persuade or to; assist men merely-to . leave the United States' territory and to go into British-territory, in order, when they arrive there, either to be voluntarily enlisted in British service or not, at their own disc'etion. There can be no question that the men who .went to Halifax vwere free, ana not compelled to be soldiers on their airivaL. UJ?wards of 100 Irishmen in one body, for instance, if Her Majestys Government are rightly informed, refiLsed to enlist on ariv g there, and said they came in order to workonaailway. they were, therefore not enlisted, hired, or retained as soldiers in the United States; no attempt was made to eniforce against them any such contract or engagement. - .. r. Macy cites no anthority for the position he has assumed in relation to this particular doctrine of the effect of foreign enlistment on sovereign territorial xights; but the practice of nations has been very generally adverse to the doctrine, as proved by the ninmerous instances in which foreiga troops have been, and still are, raised and employed. : "It cannot, therefore, be said that Mr. Marcy's doctrine is in accordance -with the general practice of nations; and hig'n authority might be quoted directly adverse to any such -doctrine as applicableto free countries. ubi civs no c2rec, - est. But even admitting the alleged doctrine asto thebearing of the principle of territorial sovereignty, its application must obvioiusy be subject tomany lhnitations in practice. "Her MfajestyhAd, for instance, internationally anunquestionable right to recall to her standard displayed upon her own territory those of her own subjects capable of bearing arms, who might be transiently or temporarily reident in saforeign country, and HIer Maesty would- not tbereby incur any risk ofviolating the 'territorial sovereignty' of such country. Again, inthe case of political refugees driven from their own country, an essentially migratory clas, owing a merely lool and qualHied alleglance to the United States, it is to be contended that to induce such p ersons by any fair means short of 'hiring' or enlisting them to leave-the United States ii order to enrol themselves on British territory as volunteeri in a war in which many of them feel the strongest andthe most natal desixe to engage is to violate the territorial sovereignty of the United rtates. " It is, of course, competent to any nation to enact a municipallaw, such as actually exists in many countries, forbidding its subjects to leave its territory, but in such cases ' cwvitas carcer cst,' and -it may be the -duty of other countries to abstain from actively assisting the captives to escape from the national prison-in order to serve another master; but the Government of the United States has enacted no such law-it justly boasts of its complete freedom in this respect, ' ci-vi&as non carer cst.' Al residents therein, whe.ther foreigners.or citizens, are perfeetlyfree toleave its terri- tory wvithout thse permwissionu of the Government, at their own absolute discretion, and to ,enter the service of any other State when once within its frontier. To invite them or -persuade them to do what is thiri lawfuil can constitute no^violation of the territorialrights, which the sovereign power has never claimed or exercised. - " It is, moreover, to be observed' that in this case no United States' citizens, as far as Her Majesty's Government are aware, -wcre engt,aged; but those actually enlisted within the British 0rth American provinces, and those expected, were, to the best of - onr belief, exclusively foreigners, and not citizens of thel7united States.* "Without entering further into a discussion of this peculiar doctrine,. Iwvill only remaark that, at all events, it was notproclaimed or insisted on. by the7United States, either at the Commencement of the -war, or 'when the desire of Her Majesty's Government to raise a foreignl legion-was flrst BYllshed, or when a recriting station was first opened.at " TheUnited States, therefore, althoughalways and most properly insisting on their right and intention to punish violtions of their municipal law, took no step to proclaim or vindicate theparticular doctriie now set forth until a very late period of the discussion, and after the time for giving effect to it had gone by. The charge of 'violation of sovereign territorial rights" cannot, therefore, in the opinion of Her Majest's Government, -be fairly urged as a separate and different charge from that of violation of the municipal law of the United States. -But the municipal law was certainly not violated by the orders nor, as far as they believe, by the officers of er Majesty's Government; and both Her Majesty's Government and Her Majesty's Minister at Washington gave reiterated.orders:to all concerned carefully to abstain from such violation; and if the British Government did not purposely cause the United Statslaw to be violated, then the territorial rights of the IUnited States, whatever they may -be, were not, as has been- sid intentionally violated by Gireat Britain 'Is a nation,' even if it should be shown that- the municipal law of the Union ws infringed. ' * "Before I conclude this despatch, it may be useful to place onrecord certain facts connected with the question of recruiting inNorth America, the correctness of which will, I doubt not, be admitted by HIr. Mlarcy; and I will observe, 1, that the United States' Government were from the firt prfctl wll war tat erMajesty's Government w~rQus wnt o reruit3 an wer sjqg of raising a foreign legion; 2, that preparaticds were making to rei ceiv recrite in a Brtish North Americair colony for such a legin- 3, that Her Majesty's Goesmert exr:Utd to receive recruits there for such A legion from tha united States, although, while so doin& they Were ainiouq ot tviolate the tinted States' law. "4 That many British subjects and foreimners in thlg Uhaited St*s -ere bon4 id ' volunteers,' esirof1, jf various, hht natural anid toweral irotves,, to enlist;. Numerous offers to aise men within the United States were. made, but were consistently and honourably refusad b7]HerMajesty' .Ministers and Consls, in order to avoid violating the United States' Iaw. " 5. That Mlr. Marcy was in confidential communicatiox with you cn the subjectfor months without ever, that I an, aware of, 'waringyou against attempting anything of thet kind, or stating that the United States would resist or resent it, apart from any question ofmunicipil law i thus iixi effect, acquiesing,and only ins tinghat the niited States` law svhould be respected. - " 6. That as soon as it becaTae apparent thal the Unitea States' Government vwas adverse to the scheme, and that it might lead to violations of the United States' law, the 'hole>project was abandoned out of deference to the Unitel3 aSttes, bu tM3 conclusive proof of the good faith and goo;vill of Her Majests Government hs not bien noticed Z_ appreciated by the Government of the UnitedStates. *7. That the whole question in dispute now turn not ono what is doing, or shill or may be done, byHer Majestv's Go-- vernment, but on what waidone many months ago under a. system which is not continuing nor about to be revived, anD which has been voluntarily and defunitively abandoned, in oiaer to satisfy the United Stateg, aid to- prevent The' occurrence of any just groUnd of compLaint. "The foregoingnfacts and coniderations, ihich demosthate hat nO offence to TheUenite t Statco sioffered o contemplated by Eer Majestsys overmynrct, may, perhaps, have weight whith Mr. arcy, if theo tatter at iss is to be settled in a ananDer becoming the Goveromen of Great Britain and The United States, and 'with a dleepsense of the responsbility with weqghs on them to anintai uninterupted and uT aen the relations of fr:endship which no exist between the two countries' and HerMaIesty's Goverlment, fully recipooeathe f'eelimnt g the United States' Government, expressed in Mr. a a rcys. desipntch, writh relar, to the many ties and aympathen winch connect togetherthe people-of the tso:countis es, donot permit themselves to doubt that such further disussions as may take place on this question will be conducteymn a spmint of concalitihon. "It onlySremains for me to tate Thp t no'enlistment li TheBrtish servnce isvalidaik;houttnestatloe;, and that, bc cording to Eritish laws, a recrnit cannOt be attested in l foreign country, nor even in the British colonies, without a pecinlly delegated aeuthority for that turpose. No binaingt cogiect could, therefore, be made with anytmandwithin th1ey UJnited States; promises might be so made, but any money- hGven to men to enable them to r.epairto plces beyond the. United States' territory for the purpose of .'being enliste4. would be advanced at a isk; nevertheless, if it can b shown that there are persons now in1 the -foreign lesion, who have been enlisted or hired in violation of the IJmteda1 States' law, as well as of the British lawv, Eer Majestys Government 'wilSibe prepared to offer them their discharge and!i to give them free passage back to the Unlited States, i-f theychoose to return thither. . " You are instructed to read and give a copy of this de.- rpatch to Ir. Marcy. "I amn, kc., . C. .cEcO " John F. CraI3pton, Esq. &c." - In a despatch, dated Wlashigon, D)ec. 28, 1S5o,. which occupies si2c closely printed columns of the Newv York -erald, and which- abounds with. quotations ronm Yatel,Etautefeuijle, anid other high authorities on internatIonal law, 1Mr. M!a;rcy endearvoursto substantiate the charges brought against the -British Government in general and against r Crampton in particular. - despatch onclde as follows "H er Majestys Minister tothis Government, Mr. Cramp' ton, has taken a conspicuous pat in organizing and executing the scheme of recruiting for the British armywithin the, United States. Were it. possible; with die regard to the evidenee and disclosures in the case, to assign him a subordinate part in that scheme, even that would not alowg the 1President to change the course which he is obliged, under the circumstances, to pursue towards him. Any particp tion in the project, as it has been developed, of rasing recruits in this country for- the Briti vicewsinmpatible with his offiCial relations to this Government. ain connexion 'with that affair has rendered Lim an unacceptable representative of Her Britannic Majesty near thls Government, and yon are directe by the -President to Bur Majesty's Government to recalhm.. I "1r. Rowcroft, the British consul at Cincinnati, and Mr.' Matthew, the British consul at Philadelphua, are implicatex, in the recruiuing project, and you are further directed b the President to ask for their removal for that cause. "The persons connected with the British Consnulate at -New York have been actively engaged in furthering therectimitng scheme. Mr. Stanley, the assistant or clerk ot the consul, has taken a more open and effective partthan the consul himself, and is now under an indictment for violatinL the lawv against foreign recraiting. The consul, MIr. arcayJ, cold notbut know of Mr. Stanleys conduct in that matter, but he still retaimns him in the .consulate. Besides the responsibility that rightfully attaches to lMr. Barclay for the improper conduct o'f A emAploy6 in his office, and under his inirnediate and daily observation, this Gorernment is satisfied-that he has ziself not only favonred the recruiting for.the British army, but has parteio atod in it. Moreover, ~the improper cooduct of Mr. xarclay in the case oFthe bark 3Maurhas justly given offence to the oonmercial communityin which he resides, and with which he-has official coxi- T"or these reasons this Government deems it pror ti nstruct you to ask the Government of Great Britain to. withdraw Mr. Barclay from the post of British consul at New York. . " You are directed by the President to read this despaf chl to the Earl of Clarendon, and, should he desire it, to hand& Thim a copy. " The copies of the original documents to which I hbsvreferrea ar containedin Hertzs trial. Isend you herewlt1j. an authentic report of that-trial, which you will offer t*, Ioord Clarendon as adocu=nent connectedwiththisdespatch I also Eend herewith a copy of the proceedings of theLChamber of Commerce in the city of New York, zelative to2dr-Barclay's conduct. Ui the case ol the birlar ury. This,. also, you will present to Lord Clarendort, as fLniLshing oneWund for the iequest herein made for the withdraial ot This despatch was comlunimnited to Lord Clarenrdon on the 29th of January, 1855, and here the1 documents stop, as iar as the recruiting quiestion isconcerned. THE CENTRAL AMIEICA N QU ESTION. A message having been received, in the Senategfrom the President, in resomnse to. the resolution. asking whether Great Britain had offered to arbitrate concerning the Clnyton-Buver Treaty, a,number of documents were produsced. The followingcontoint the whiole matter: "M. CuANITON TO M. tAucY. "(Received at the Department of State on the 27th o£ Fehruary, at l-o'clock p.n.) 'Washington, Feb. 27, 186. "My dear Si-bsuuvmg-that some misapprehension. seems to exist as to the offer niade by lord Clarendon to.- Mr. Buchanan, to submit the points iegarding the interpretation of the Clayton-Bulwer Treatv,upon which the tw,'-Y, Governments disagree. to arbitration, I tbinrkit wellto send;. you the enclosed despatcli, whioh I received from Iord Clarendon on the siubject in December last. I regret no; having made you this communication before, but the truthaiz, that -the last paragraphl of the desatch escalxd my at- tention until I referred to it lately; and as I -was awarethat the negotiation of the questions regarding CentraLI America 'was in Mr. Buchanae's and Lord. Cisreudon!zhands, I considered the aespatch as meant merely for my own information as to 'what ws going forwaild upon a, subject in regard to 'which I inferred you were already informed. "Believe me yours very faithfully, o al O F. CAxIPTON. "P. S.-I send the oziginal despatch, which I will beg: of you to return to me, but I have no objection to your taking a copy of it. : J. F. C. "Hon. WilliamL. lMarcy, Secretary of State." " LORD CLAESDON TO JM. CRAMPTOIT. "No. 258. "F?oreign-offce,Nov. 10, 1555. "Sir,-Mr. Bachananhaving, in the coorse of conversa.- tion, a few days ago, adve7ted to the impression tlat would-- be created in the United States by the non-settMement ofthe Central American question, I agan assuredm tham . England had no wish to extendc her imfluence or to obtain any territory in that part, of the worl* and I reminde&r huis that, as the difference between tlts country and theUnited States tulrned, solely upon the interpretation of thetreaty of 1850, I h offered, .on the part of her ajesots Governmnent, to submrit the case to the arbitration of athird Power but that he had declined the offer. "her ajesys Guverieu, 1 aid,. vould sil abide by that offer,. and thought it would be the fairest and mosfr amicable manner of ariiving at a settlement of the question. Mfr. Buchanan .said he would miake it known to his; Govenmeat, and you are instructed to communicatthis despatcLs to Mr. Marcy. t~dept-n " I am, with great truth and regard, Sir, your most obe'dient humble servant, " uyN]rNDOy. ". F. C. rampton, Esq.,______
A3IXRTCk .AND ENGLA.-We can ill-afford tk> engage ina war with England about Central America"; ut onoe undertalken, there ca3 be no doubt of the result. ThoUnited States possess T-ore resources for war than anyother sixty mions of people on the globe-more than.- doruble those of England. These resoxces mayynotbe at first entirely accessibla ; but they will be developed evem~ upon the high sess with a malavellous celerity, and upon theland in full season to meet every possible contingency. Weshall not requre Eiluh a. cvntest an anxiliary force in thco heart of theBritish nation; but we shiallhaveit in allthegreat; trade, manufacturing, moneyed and navigation interists o£ the kngdom, in all central, prosperous, industrial EnglAnd. Such a war 'will Ughgt 1p the fires ol democracy on everyhill and in every faey of that country. It, wll bai the signalofa collision bEhreen freedom and absolutisn everywhere. The seeds of free government have been sow= n sll parSs of the world Sthey have taken root in England, andtheyv.ill roandrpen and be harvested by such - war. Itis possible that the rnited States may bo driveninto a controversy which, in its oonsequences, will serve to" stir up the slumtbering energies of democracy andhraten the, utter downfall of aristocracy. ]But what is the duty oe Congress in view of these fcts? Is it not to throw aside the, selfish bickerings ofpoliticiafns and act for the country ? IS; it not inthe face or the tbreats of Exngland to prepare for tle emergency ? Let Congress take up the subjet.t of our navy, increase our steanevessels of war, look after our coamd defenoes, and place the United States in aL attitude that. will show to the world that we are prepared to xnaintat4 our rights at ll hazads.-Neiw YIro.r Hrailt
SALES BY AUCTIONW. MR. EGOOD will SELL, at the Mart THIS commencing at 1precisely, infour lots, a net IENTAL of £105 per annur, 22, ii ttineghm place, for 3S yearst- capital remses39,ake-steetheld for 24 years, at alov grond rent; a ronzse% hasldenee, 12, hyde-ark-street, held of the Bishop of aion don's estate,for 7years, at £25 per anum; adanetrentalof£230 peranum for26yeaosderived from the spaeionsgresidenceandpreSE,32, Brooc-street, overlooking Grosvenor.squ3re.-98, Wimpole- Sole This Day.-Caitlnd-park Vi. Haverstock-hill, Haiinpteaui- Costly Furniture, a brilliant-toned Cottage Pianoforte, valuabla Bronzes, hamdsom9 light Driving Ph3eton and DouMbe Hadness, 45 dozen of Wine, Cham. Glass, and numerous valuable Elfects. 1t,-ESSRS. HEELES beg to announce they have received instrActions from a gentleman, leavingbis restdenee, to rEL by AtCTION, To IS DAY, MIarch 14, at ii for 12, the nhole of the costly CONtTies of the above residence, including dinisg edrahing, ano bed rom suites in tain bout fsevood, niahogany, tapn furniture, rich china service, cut-glass, valuable proof prints and paint ings, Fne, carriage and harness, i. Cataogues mnay be hadeon the ,and of the auctioneers, 1, Bird-in-and-court, Cheapnide N ramore detsiled description of the valuable property see 'he Times of yesterday, County of Pembwoke.-Valuable FSee'zold Farms.. RSnrS. WATEINS is instructed by the Miessrc. BJra Wmetn Hae,to SETL by AUCTTONO atthe Wh£te Lon Hotel., in the town of Tenby, on Tuesday, the 5th a0 of April, at -o'clock in the afternoon forf- recisely, al those Tri detirable FARMS, called 3edberth Court ahn ewt Nrap, situate about w ive miles frm the fashionable townof Tenby, on the read from Pembroke to Tenby and Carmarthen, now in the occunation severally of Mr. David Jones and Md. Francis James, and containing respectively, by estifatioan l31a 3r. 14p. and 9a. 9r. 14p. of arable, meadow. and'pasture land,vwith rights of commron thereynto belonging, and having suitable homerteads and farm buildings attached. An further informuatiensusy be had of MWessrs. L,eman and Co., soliosters, 51, Lcoln's-tn-dfelds, London; aessrs. 3owvne and Son, IaneDy; or of the auctioneer, Cawdiff. Final sale of remaining Stock, Indiapiatting, Articles of uirniture, Warehouse and House Fixtures, capital Spring Too n Cart, HTar- endags, o. ee 3dCabr,Cia lm 'ae rils Kitchn UMOORE and TEMPLE are. directed by R.t Wr.Vfm are, reting, to SELL by AUCTION,atNo.N, Kingseet Ctheapside, on Thursday, onarch 20, at 12. to cear the oremises seneral PIECS of BRU8SE3S, Kdidderinster, and Venetian CAmPETS, 10 bordered hearth rus, a stock of dne white and colofurelndia mstting, 6-4, 64, and 3-4, orentl china in 21 and-18 -inch mars, bowls, plates, and ornaments, japanndd vork tables and cabinets, deCSks and carved itemns in ivory Spanish mahogany framed sofa and sets of chairs, Turkey carpet anarng, bookcase, set of dining table,s, aeght-dy dial,other articles, andkitchen requstes. View on e ednes. - day anewd mornin ofreeinh sale. Catalogues othprmisese hand ofM-ess poore and Temople, auctioneers, 4, Blomfiaeld-streedt,citw. To Tavern and Boarding-honse-keepers and othiers.-Union HLotel 113, Saelsbury-square, Fieet-streeth-Capital 3Touhold Furniture .arge Chimney-glasse, PatentxDiing. Loo. Coffee itoom Tables, the Apandriges of seven aed Chamber,n China, Glass, Plated Article,, itchen UJtensils, and numerous Effects.- AIR. W. AYLETT will SELL by AUCTIOIq on O a theMPremis asabove, on Wednesday, March 2 9, at 1f u or 12 pucetually,the capital modemi ouslyEHdOeaD FURaITouRE, corVIrisg ix mahogany Parisian and other bedsteads and fusnites, faringvmaidottresses,ewoolbedsanjddmtressesgmaoosdiganydmrhac-to wssnds and fittbgs, duterangdtiable, andercests ofesdrawer, mahbo-d ganychars, sofas, patent dning, leo, andcoffee room tables,. Brussels a^ndother carpets, plated goods, kitchen requisites, and effects. Mfay be vie ed oneday pecedng thesale. Catalogues may be had on the premises; andof the aucatoneer, 2, ring's-rosd, Bedford-row. Chreehold Family ReHidAnce, with four icres of Meadow hand, an Staines,llddiesex,within one hour of te city by railway, and withi a drive of Virginia Water, Win dsor-p ark, J:c j/[R.C. WATON is directed to SELLT by AUC- soliitor 25 oatteMart,onWednesday, March 26,at 2f unless an acceptable offer be previously made,) a commodious FREEHOLD VILA at Staines, known as Shoriwood, adapted for a respectable family, and containing esght bed and dressmig rooms dining and draeeig rooms, lbraor, outer and inner ball, servantg' offices outbuilding, stabling, andfouradcres ofumeadow land, Iying compact, and abutthng ont&e higHAodNtoBedfont. Partdculars may behadio ttheBusr Hgotel Stame5 the Castle. Wbindor, King's IHead, Egham, Swan, Chertsey; of S. Hr. Asker. Esq., solicitor, Norwhich; of m essrs. ChapllU and Co., solFiterEs 3, Gray'isinn-square; of George maenhrany Esq. siedcitor, 25, College-hill; at the Auction mart; and of ar. d.Warton, auctioneer and estate agent, 7, Undon- ourt, Old d roadeitreet, (removed from Threselneedle-streeth. Clegant and well-made Household Furniture and Eom ects.-On the Pre- mises, 116. Tachbrookstreet, Bhelrave-road, Pomlco. a- 1B. T II1~E is favoured with ibytructions from C. .LV.LlBingley, ilaq., to SELLD by AUCTION, on the Premises, as above, on Tuesday. .Uarch 1S. atl2, the whole of his well-made FUBedITUE and varios EFFECT, comprising handsomeo Sanish mahogaLny and japanued Arabiza bedsteads, feather beds, mattresses and bedding, very upcerior wringed wrardrobe with plate-glass centre doors, che7.il and toilet glasses, marblc-tep washstands and dressing tables, a saite of elegant walnut xree drawing room furniture, consising of lounge ottomans, and sets of chairs covered inParisian silk damask,handsome 1o0 and fancy tables, cheffonierwXith marble top and plate-glass bck, &e, 8paniiihrnabgany diningroomfumiture,ocomprisingsets oF extending dininginbies, dinner waggons, sets of chairs3in moroccoanidhaurcloth, handsome pedestal sideboard, cheffor,ler, couches, &o., also a fisll-tobe cottage p)ianoforte in rseorerod case by Terakineon, a few loin ef plated articles! about 30 loi6 of bed and table blen, cutlery puicture", psnts,kitehenLuxensils and all the requisites of a well furnihd domesti¢ establalmot. Mfay be $iewed day prior and morning of sale. Oatalogasha nthe raiesJe nindat the odfices ofth fhesutioneer, 29, 7Aps-reet, 'i eo,ail4* O Ij&dw 5, Vbelse - 'u~the-WesterniSorbs of London and parish oI Kensington, singa- ladly Valuable Freehold lands, offering very choice anid beautiful Sites forlBuilding. M ESSS.I)AIEL SMITH and--SON-WiIl--(unless~ an ccetabe ofershall be made for the entirety) submit to AUCTON,at te Mrt.near the BLul- of Digland. on Tuesday, the 8th f Arl 188. a 12o'clock, in lots of from 3 to 4 acres eachi, ~eentig bauifu siesfor the erectioofMansions or villas, about ofriheobdFREEHOLD PASTURE LAND. forming enenenduatngnclsue,within afew minutes' walk of the Harr-ow and Basywater ras nearseveral churches, but situaLte per-fectly detached from any hue or other buildings and commanding some extensive and cheerful scenery. It would be a pecuir=ly fine spot for nypublicinstitution or establis'hment. Particulars,with plaus,may be had at the Auction Mart ; of Messrs. Rt. ML and F. L qwe, soiios emple; of Mrr. W. Sim, architect, 89, Elgin-ce~t Notting-bill; and of Messrs. Daniel Smnith and Son, land agenti, in Waterloo-place, Pall.mali, who are faly authorized to treat for the wvholeocrany part thereof. A valuable -Farm adjoiing umay be purcbas,edif alargeexte,nt should be requIred. Important Church Patrona8e-Th doenofSokot,in the county of Chester, oampri.gtheFehl etre fS.Mr and St. Thomas, of the annual valeo bv 270 n h ih of Presentation to several otherChresndhal. MESSRS. DANIEL SMiT ndSNwill stlbmlit to public COMPETMTO, at the Mart, n3ear the Bank- of England, on Tuesday, the 8th of April, at 12 o'clock, (if not reviouslJy dio sed of by Drivate treatyJ) the ADVOWSON of a RECORY of STOORPORT; comprising the Rectories of St. Mary and St. Thomas, as the same will be divided, under the provisions of a recent Act of Parliament, upon the death of the preset rector now in big 70th year. Unon such division the income of the rectory of St. M-ary wil be about £2,000 per. annum, the togeadright of Presentation to All Saint's Church. at I'rl,adto St. COiads, at Ronly in the rale of Chaidwrick; also the right of nominationk to the district churches of St. George's, at Hyde, andto St. John's, atDluckfnifield, are vested in the irector of St Mlary for the time being. The present incumbeiat of St. badeof Thomasureto, ca. Pytn;o tMsr. Vaugha, aoltmiangr Pndesaugan, solbicnittos, asmckport of MeTs.Wit,B ougtn Ca- rence Cab, and Effects. MR,rR ROBER-T RE ID will SELL at hiis Room'~, LIGreat Marlborough-street, on M1onday, ilarch 17, at 11 for 12. maodem FURNITURE, comaprising a rosewoed drawing room suite in greedamsh,lee cad, ocasona, adoter tables, cabinets,chimney and ierglases,sid~ sts o diingtables. Brusels and other carpts,Araianaci Frnchbedteas, ithhangings. bedding, -wardrobe, chste f drwers basn stnds,dresingtables, china, glass, kithenreqisies,endeffcts Ma beveedon Saturday, end cata- Momningten-road, Rlegent's-park.-Well secured Investment, let on leases, at rents amounting to £185 per annum. 'ROBERT REID will SELL by AUCTION; atGarraway's, with tue concurrence of the MoM~ on Thursday, Apnil 17, at 12 for 1 precisely, a LEASEHOLD ESTATE, comnps-ungtw suerir esiencs,sitate65and 6G, Mornington-road, scs-mt'~pek: othlet n lase, X. 6 toJ. B. 3Brithwaite, Esq., at Leoard Es. a £0 pe anum.Eac hoseis hl o an unexpird trnor 3 ear, t agrondren o £1 pr annum. The houses maye vewe byperisson f te tnans. articulars may be Wa of Wlte Barer,Faq. soicitr, 7. Gatrortland-street, Oxfordstret;at arrwa's an ofMr Itberlted,48, Great Marlborough. Frognall HamPate&d.-A Family Residence, with garden end fstablisig, with immediate- n ~JW RBERT REID willUL~at rw~ on paTlyrsday. AD 1TAT attF12ullfwihi and partl LPAEHO FSTAT srtattwo minutes? walk, of Hampstead Church, adcniuu oOkHl-ak comprisng a commodious fanillyresidne tnigwti adn conservatory stabling, and other out-bidns Thredncada portion of the Oarden are copyhold o h ao fHmaed subject to a nom-na Quit rent, and the remainde is leaseholdsujc to.a ground rent of£2 per annum. Immediate possessioncabehd Txhe property maay be viewed, Particulars; may be had of Walter Barker. Esq., solicitor, 87. Great Portland-street ; at Garraway's ; and of Mr. Robert Reid. 48, Great Marlborough-.stre~et S-r meuth-street, Gra'-n-od- os n hp with'poseseaion; and an Impirove Grud BetOf £24 penu,wen secured on property at Mle~ed RI. ROBERT REID will SELL at Gu.rraway's, IV nThursday, April 17, at 12 for 1 precise!y. a LEASEHOLl) HOUSEB,it double slhop situate Ne. 25, hidmouth-street, Gray's-innroad, held for an unexlsireai termof 45 y'ears at a6ground rent of £16 _per annum, and of which immediate possession can be had; also an ImmprovedGround Rent of £724 per annum, held forIS years unexpired end amply scured on14 mesmuages,being Nos. 15, 16.andl17. Hlunt-street, Brick-lane, Mile-end, and Xos. I to 11, John's-court, in the rear, of the annual value of about M110 The Property may be viewed by permission of the tenants. Paiticularsmaayl)esaofMesr..Wilsn.andRotter, solicitors 7, Symond's-inn, Chancery-lane; at Garraway's; and of Mr. Robert Reid, 48. Great Marlborough-street. In Chancery.-" Page and Cox.-Leasebold lnetensaih-tet Camden-town, and Marehmont-street, Burton-rset 1R.ROBERT RE ID will SELL, atGarwys IV (pursuant to an order of the High Court of Chancr, nTis day. -April 17, at 12 for 1 precisely, in two lots, a. LEASEHL PROPERTY, comprising a pivt esdne o. 10, High-street, Camdentown, let on lease to Mr. Benett until Christmas day, 185, at the very mnoderate yearly rent of £45, and held for an unexpired term of 33 rent f £o s. anum:and a House, with sholp. Marbmot-sree, urtn-cescn,let to M1r. Denman aTo £70peranum and oheldfrsannexiredtermva ofa4l yeanrsaugta ground ret of £38ils. perannud The Hougse' ab iweypr misson f te hrspetv tenants. Pasrticularsma be hadLo by Valabl Lie ad Dad andmNag Htorse.-BriAhFra e,K - R.OWEN haweeie nsrciost SELL byAUTOontePe oent. on sdaeday.aMarch22 att2'cock by ordersofathe PAroprietr TCom oiprising seealyugh aond activefo draught, endsesom fi fadore roungh or mrefidingr andrivng May,afs berviwed thore.daydbefor the osae, andearlongucohad,ateten inn ind ihnicalfurhodscpia Horse-sho, largei;an d of arsaenadtheracine,U perughydrag,andseBuhrntoAsh Valuaben iveond Dolead, Fearming andocaymaldntgs Farm,nLe, lag Kent. cloh,on.o OWues wiloSELL byhies AU aInd oa Treyoothere effectes.,oyb viemedayhe Madrch oedati2,ag the salu,ad aalog aRMIhad atOC,nn comprisingeeghtboung ative doraught hoss,ahasndsome young gayct maere, fitpfr abronaham, an faset brown hore,adttoba horese-l, a yearlnghcol, seentm,c and ingecalf cowdls,ecapital aggous larg an smal crtseaentl and CotyheroloEstae.rgadsedhros ecletrOWNro haes,reapingead inatmaiongsmacines lare stack clthioetoft Coufrhe wforiAEg mAUCTIONe,an at vharity,o Othrlyi teeffecs.Ma bune viwe othbe oday i preeingohesale, madeJ theogues hde siabeolns h nEOIeigbuhS t AT athoeHerst- Shoe,t Borough; vandko them autioeer,ton Upmper sydnhm en un s,Le en. Foret-hil, ydenam,Kent en comdgeuswar,midlyesexd-Val tbh fatro WsueN hasl reoaceliaed anstrultionbs from ethensroplas an it. toofer fordesAL bye AhUCTON, a tohhoue Mart, earlying the rwho nlesanoaieeo tabe ofinerst prviousl mae, the u truly drosbrabtofulst.As aEHOphold AEs-tate,ru kniraown asv Hihuce,' wagl. from he sation comrisig a cmmod luevamiy,resdence,pwiths eigh prnciald scondrybd roms drwin, diningy, and break-i fas roms,lare hll,goo celar, ad ll doestillies,gextensive plauEWad ItSe gardeNs,green-house,cach-housel sand sablnc thetwholee omaning oneofthAfineTvIew n othe cont of Knent. steedhaing cotnsidrale-fran,ontage.dnouesda.Marghbe9erete Ifon thisr celarge drawin and dinin ronoms morinting room Iblibray,g bedmrooms ino To Prinru tersT end rinters'adPit&Brokers. LEWIS and SON, printers' aprasrs d aucW e .tioneers, willSEL by AUCTIN othPrms,5.angelAg-street, S t. Martin's- le-Grand, on Wensa.Mrh1,a fr1 pore cisely, by order of the Lodo sPinigm adPblsigeopnysh have purchase Mr. P. J acksonG plntF snrysuClsPE;TN MiATEoIALS; wtheyoomplttris abuf tnftp,wt ramees, racks chasses, eigh rn rses-ning tables, threecoppr-plae prsses viwdthe day preceding an m onn fsae aaous wihritd spe crin pcmens of the type, maybe hdo h rmss n ftese tionards,21 E.ffinch-l ane.iConeeBsin oU Inor BaukruptneanTof Pither andPrner?irkes Wa oEbuISaoud,ldprinturs' apprafser-s.adac . toneRS.D.S AICR n SO will SELL byAUTO bpeisonat, Ag-sre,t.Mri'--rn.on Wednesday, Ah1t,a 1.b ~o Marc 1he xeators for COateNTS Gbof, asq.JOBBIUNGFICUE; consistCTcmpiingoftefrmigliefoxpeart wthn wood lretther,sframes,impotrsigstoes, chases letwor iron hreses, ppendgables, stanineyglass,eo. thedewhl niebarly new. o viwdteday preceding and morning of sal we. catalogues, with printed specimrensesfth type ofmay s.D beha aokteprmise Sof-07 Udwards-stre.,ofca asge.gaigal-tet;n-aqut a. Freehold andI oasehold Furstm ntsit urieen Effectis.s ppr 1IjfES'SRS'.D.S. BAXER and SON' wvvll SELL by jYAUCTION, on the 2Pfremse Non Th5Canonburyil 3,at 12,in thrn, lonsawednesay.iarc 1REtH,OaL12 HOUSE diecioofthe Exnecutionr's hoflth fourpoysit,ate,Ntoan Frenc bpedstreads, meatreses goposie letheGrbeds a andgbddng, Tahared weareodrHobesces,wtsEofpraes, eNds. v5ariet of bewdchmer- appendwy-oaages,actioroygmase, reesalsduebard,l memo damask wndw curCotagsins,hersewood andmahoganyil sofaus,ediNing tal, cAirs, splcadendsf Rwt'-abls russTewhlscret,es pol chnairs,tasomechina pend glss,ncluin ah sveryl handsoes wayte rindwgod dscosertofthsrie vieedthe ada parecedraingen morndiiongof salewhenacataloguMessmay beon hadt on th n ofMsr.D. ~ ae and S.o, 107, pete, Upperstreto. Ilnt Fresehod rand-Leashld IneHostentsdianiBusiess Preinses Upper-. o uk ~~~~~AUCTION,athMatonTusaArl,at2, in three lots, a well-built FREEHOL HOUSE, with Confectioners hop ei8ib siuate,No. 0. Uper-sreet,neary opodt h re.a No. 22. Sussex-square Kemp-town, Brighton.-Elegant and oostly' Household Furniture (chiefly designed and manufactured by Mesass Bowbggii, rch ilk amak an VevetDraperies, massive Pier an hmeyDGAsRse,i eleantl caredn framues, witoh Glasstra Chairs,e vAlUableN Cocks ine rmosez and bronzquae stads Brownze FiguerLesand Cadeabrah2, choic follod re,Drse,angor China,fine-onedrand tottage PinfrebyEadJn nmerou an R EDcha RDSr as ben honh re wthfnsruc- t-imons frome Ms. kem (wht wis riutolaechghotoSL poics AU ctIO,olhyrmse,2,Sse-qur,Km-on onse ienechsday March 28,mend gfoll uowigdy,a 2pntalc daylte.p costelyatcudtvaluable chadeleCTs;cmrn,i h hmes hleandsm Spanishamahogapec Frenho Dresdtend,w To eir n haire ehndaoo maruttriese endibedingai, Sanis maoayigd rarerworlcasbinet end otherncht ofbdawers, elegant, modversain woash stnandotmnd toiletrabes with toileut gloasdedsi damasxed two Sanis maoaetnd othvery chamber reqeuisits. In treheodrawing room are suie ofa ric trhaoom h fiurednikr damsf elegn wodirihitefland wambenstin,oad.rc comrimesoan elh elvet curtins,b ffor with elaoate-lys carved an gailte of inxchasitel carved frames chirs.tw console and pieotbls, manduetgiran table pairteof elegath ormoglass theehande b Hncok cirorstly French groasnd cottagel standsrt, mnounewodwt rare, old Erard rchia dpexireof elegants candelabr, spc.imense ofii DresenTorny and rarayil e folnda laresgchina,k inarueteframendia inaidb, nset othe occasiona tablesaof suren work o-uDrrmanshi,farvdFechthars, lounges,f Spanveaion saofasy cand otmtomansytuedn covered inegatboddsikamask,co &catherndascol leciono vaberyddinrwag chiceeysmeocks in eebul nrarco thrbedawing broomzTests furitreofbrthefbogmia isaheflymind warlnut-ood,fand copie neletdwr-igant cabinetsby glazwd with plate-glass paels,aesuite dfvenquiste lybcarved frame chaires. twopittal andel soa,d Turqketcr pers,d rcotag pianofoaprte,",inseoo case buniy orrd richl draeres Brusels arpes, &,;in te diing oom endelbaywls efud noblepedesal sieboad in panis mahoany ith rlintslee Thelieect Portion of Ancient Pictures, of the laute Join Smith, Esg., of ~~R. PHILLIP rphouse, HanwelL. -MR. PHLLIP bgs to announce that lhe wnll 'iL-8ELLby.AUCTIO.N, at hisGallery, New Bond-street, onTuelgday, March 18, at 1 precisely, by' order of he Executoms the remaining PiCTURES, bei hee select portion formed from the ancient schGools of art by the late r.1Smith, ALuthor of "The Catiaogne Raioond-," Whos taste andiudgmnent, and long connexion, with' to lin arta, is as well kniown ; comnprising exoamles by Doinenichino Remhbrandt Wetacher . eynolds Tintoretto Vasaderueer Zorg Notlekens Maclbo Moucherenx Waterloo It. Wilwon C alto Wynants Do Vlleger :Brooking adpartiualy the Adoration - the engraved workX byPIarmegiakno; a lieStag Hunt. by Snyders ; a bcoe.s Scene, by W. Vandervelde, froin L.OrdlRadstockleso o; and others equally meriting notice May be viewed on Saturday and Monday preceding the sae, and catalogues then bad. The Improved Lease of the Premises and Stock of capital new and second-band Furniture of Messrs. Heneosey and Pelly, of Wardourstreet, dissolving Partnership. lIifR PHILIPS is instructedl by thte Arbritrators X11L appointed in tbis matter to SELL by AUCTION, at his great Rooms, Wew Bond-street, on Wedne8day, April 2, atliprecisely, the STOCK of capital modern FUR-NITURA~ of sruperior mianufacture, comprising several sets of 24,18. and 12 excellent Spianish nmho4auy chairs covered in morocco, noble 5ft. and 5 ft. 4 dimaug tables, 7 ft. 6 sazd 7ft. pedestal sideboards, dinnerwaggons, librAr bookcases wriftingtables. easy chairs and couiches drawing room furniture in walnut and Thoue. wimothn Cetensive manufa Pcturnpreies in tohe arrea, havingo ClPhamn-common. MR. PHILLIPS begs leave to announce- that he is instructed to SELLby AUCTION,at his Gallery,New Bondztreet. early An rpnl toe extensive and highly important GALLEIty of OENGLS PICUE, inclding 'works by the meet disftindse paesof tho modern schooL. The Collection of valuable Ancient ~cue,uniting many important works by maasters of the Italian, Flemish, and French a'choolswillaLqlso esubmitted to Sale durnh same run,..h, of which due 'notice will be given int future advertIsemnents.-7Z, New Bond-street, February 23, 1856. Modern and Decorative Fnrniture several Pianofortes, an ~Elophan, Oranientatl Objects, Clocks, and Miscellanies. 1II.PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, at his IYL reat Rooms, New Bond-street, on Wednesday, 19th inst., at I preisly,hadsoe ecoatve ndmodrnFUIRNITURE, including ric bajo,maeneeri. ad the caines,boudoir and fancy tables, a dawigrom sitenwlnu-wod, etsofwindow curtains, chimney glases elgan clck, Srrevass ad Onaents, Sp,anish mahoan dinng abls,ricly ared ideoad, etsofchairs, Turkey and other carets seera grnd nd ottge ianfores, aneolophon piano by Myer, cambr apenages wadroes,&c.Maybe viewed the day Upe Berkeley-street--Modern Furniture, Glasses, 400 Volumnes-of Books small quantity of Plate, Plated Ware, Linen, and Effects ; by order of the Executrix. I/R. PHILLIPS is instructed to SELLbvAlJCIV.TION, on the Premises.No. 24, UpperBerkeley-street, P-ortinansq&w s,Mne. 513m 17th inst.. at I Precisely, the FUENZITuItE andEFFECT of the late Major Jackson; consistinig oA a des room suiite in rosewood, covered in green velvet, curtains for four windows, Bruisels pile carpets, two handsome chimaney-glasses, a rosewoodI secretary bookcase, one other, mahogany dining tables, small sideboard, dinner waggon, chairs, &e. : useful chamber appendages inl mahogany and japan, and seasoned bedding, a Ilibrary of 400 volumes of books, items of rilver and plated ware, in dishes waiters, salver. -teaurn, candiesticks, &c. ; table and chamber linen, and other effects, May be viewed Saturdayp receding the sae, and catalogues had on the premises; at Mr. Ponidenis office. 24, Cumberland-street, Bryansconsquare; and at Mr. Phillpes offiocs, 73, ies- Bond-street. Pall-mall.--Art Importation oft Parisian Clocks, Timepieces,-anoa Bronzes, without resere. 1IjESRS.FOTERan SO wllSELL by AUTO±V.LION attheGalery 54Pal mal, HISDAY, March 14. at 12, 150 ARIIAIgCLOKS i bick ad wItemarble,or-moulu, bronze, 11ond-street.-DreBs Aubuaown, SaTonnerie,anTaetyCrts.P- tiie,M Chair and Sofa Covers, and Abao aetis e iIiF SSRS. FOSTER. andL SONhv eevdnsrc iY tious to SELLIbyAUCTION, att tRoorus, 21, OldBond-stret THIS DAY, March 14, and To-morrow, at 12 for I o'cloc'k each, day the costly SAVONNERtIE and AUBUSSON CARPECs, about 100 in romer ad ar 'nmees i suitablefor staterooms, saoons, drawing ins, =%r h loso Abmi have been long elel. beste; the harmonious arrangement of colours, and the clever patterns, give an appearane of richnes and dress to thes carpt wating in those of other manufactures. The visitors to theEpb to Universelle in Pais,855 will recognize inti aesm fteexquisite panels of Aubusaon and Beauvois tapetyta eoae h walls of the Rotonde where the Crown jewrel wereexitd andcon. tributd,A and in part led, to the award by the Intermational jury of the Grand Medaille d'Honneur to the town of Aubusson. To gve a full oppotnty to examine these carpets the suite of rooms in Bondstreet a been engaged, and they will be on piublic view onthe 10th, lIth,and12thMarch. Ca6talogues, with the dimensions of each carpet, are now readly, anLd may be obtained (gratis) of Messrs. Fostr snd lion, 84, Pall-mail. Leasehold Egtate, Southampto-tre,Pentonvile. P~ OBERTS and ROBY wsill SL ~C1N .t at the Mart. on Thursday, March 20. t1. ,0gnelpi Tate DWELINIG-HOUSES, wvith fore-coursadiooalns iut Wmes 28 and 192, Southampton-street, PentonvlelttoMsr.Wih Leashol Inestmnt.Holwel-lan, Soreitc, and Colemanstret. ity.By rderof he Eecuorsof Mr. J. Blackburn, de- F)OBERTS and ROBY WMl SELL by AUCTION, -IA, at the Mart. on Thursday. March 20, at 12, FOUR capital HOUSES and SHOPS, with noble plate-glass fronts, situate Nos. 24, 25, 26. and 27, Holywell-lane, Shoredith an aDwling-os and P-remises No. 24, Coleman-gtreet; let, andof the valueof £240 ar-nnumhl ylaes for terms of 21 years, at moderate rents. Vatciasmay be had of Hen 3ar 5,sq., solicitor, 34 a, Moor- gate-street, city; at the Mart;and at the auctioneer's offloaa,24,11oorgate-street, and 9, Adam-street, Adelphi, Fi-eehold Residence, kwith good walled Garden, Stok-e Ne-wington-roa&d, for investment or occupation. F)OBERTS and ROBY are directedi to SELL by ILA9 AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, March 20, at 12, a genteel substantially-built semd-detahebd FREEHIOLD HOUSE, pleasantly situate, No. 2, Ebenezex Villas, C-owper-roaa Barrat-grove, Stoke Newington-road. otthe value of £2 erannum. Ida-ybe viewed, andparticulars had at the Mart, and at Messrs.Roberts andRoby's offices, 24, Moorgate-street. leasehold Residence, rungwick--terrace, Hackn ey-road. 1) BERS nd OBYBil SLLbyAUCTION, at IA, he Mrt,on Tursdy, arch20,at 12 a genteel private DWELLNG-HOSE, wth bogforecourtand garden, situtate No. 2. Branwickterace.Hacney-oad letto r. earce at ales- rent of per nnum Ma be iewe bypermssio oftihe tenant ; and particuarshadat he artandat he uctoners'offices, 2ii, Moorgate- Ivalthamstow.-Freehold detached Residence, one mile and a half from th e Lea-bridge Station, with frequent omnibusess thereto. M ESSRS. HUMPHREYS andl WALLEN have receivedilnstructions to SELL by AUJCTION , at the Mart, THIS DAY, March 14, at 12, an elegant RESIDENCE in the cottage style, replete with comnfort and convenience, containLing three good sitting rom,entrance hall, six bed chambers, and aL dressing roomi, and thie uuldomestic offices; together wRith foreoourt, good pleasure and kitcen grdes, te wole ellplaned ithsrubs and fruit trees, chaise-houe, stale,aphm n andoter orthbnoldsn~PThe etatlei wel itut onvethe onibu rad,negarto Set. alme9ss - caChumprch, Proticaulas ineyeivada teinsrcins a WathamLLbyAtow; at the Mato essrs. Humphe DAnd Knigh, so12 alicitoers, TF ,pt-situate in ad (tgeteroithn cardsryto vew) SofthMesss numpreyarkhl-and Wacons i8,l Boad-treet,md cill, andersom fourdgD, bp n wlig-ors~jlig he Betei,SenatheCmphoa arondWands;alsor foadu-rcottabges Ltheearehle tonvsuestment casso ekytnnsggregate rental£3 .peanmprtyreomenabtle undeleaes, tandhld abot ony£31S per annum, Teett shl o ME4% SSS ra MPRYSad AL hv receved instructions t oe te EL byricuaUCTIOa , at the Mart,U Pavrioygrv, nearthevpllert, natrterk-all-an; cossigof th3 anaLEs. sDincrtol beer-skehop; -ourgd;bp and dw esmsng-mhrceys andoing thrlee bein Oled Brad-timrvedt grudrat;asotuyctae.ahmre bo T oPabyearunexp Firedra ands peranntum.Te pr~operty may b -li/R. ORPWOOD will SELL by AUCTION, upon ILthe Premnises, on Monday next, March 17, at 12, in about 110 lots, the LEAS F, ixtures, Fittings. Furniture and Miscellaneous Effectszof the DUKE's HEAD PUBLIC-H1OUSE, Lower Fore-street, Lambeth. T-he premises can be viewed at anytime by obtaining cards from the auctioneer-the fixtures and effects on moming of sale only. Printed particulars can now be hRad and catalogules two daspor, upon the premises; and at Mr. Orpwood's auction offices, AtileryPlace, Finsbury-square. Capitalmodern second-hand Fumniture, equal to new, Pianofortes of eve kind,.an Organ, andnumeroususefuland ornamental Effects. 1irESRS OXENAMI and SONS will SELL by J-jL AUCTION, at their Rooms, 55, Oxford-street. near the Pantheon, THIS DAY, at U for 1.2 punctually, the capital second-hand modern FURNITUItE, equal to new; comprising an eleg-Ant resewood drawing room suite covered in green satin, several other suites in walnut-tree and roscwood, tables of crery form, hincluding aL buhl centre table annL a pair of cart ditto, chimney glasses of noble and moderate dimmios, 65octve emicotagepiaofoteby Allison and Allison. Dea-steet Soio,grad cttae, ieclo,andcaLbinet ditto, byBroadwoos ad oheremientmakrs,chefoiers, do., pedestal and encloed ideoads,set o diingtales chir, cuchs,and easy chars,nobewigedandothr bokcses a ognthberoom fuLr- In Banrduptey.-Farniture andl Effects-15, Suffolk-street, iLower- rroad, Isliagion, J,4R.!IG. D)EBENIHAI has received instructions frmte Assignees of M,r. Joseph Hatch to SELL by A7UCTION, on the Premisesas above,on Wednesday next,March19, at 12), the capital HOUSEHOLD FURNITU-RE, comprising a Spanish mahogany Arabian bedstead wool mattresses, feather bed and bedding, superior mahogany winged wardrobe, cheats of drawers washetaids, toiet lases,a st f 1 chirs an cochto correspond, a 6i-octave cotagepiaofote,by arpr, nroewod cse,curtains andcomidces. bookcaeowithsefretire,,aoutd10woo la,ofaboos,Or kietehnies, and:Efcs e thpeisved fof C. B,ftnreean,ds,,St onswoliior,d ,Buk br:o _X.E HAA wil SELL by AUCTION, at st GUey. 35, Leioester-square on Tuesday. Mzrch 18 atf12, HOUSEHOLD FURN`ITURE; comPrising mahogany Arabian and f7.ournstbedste",%japannod iron, and other Frenchditto, wool and har matese,bear edig apue malechamberfuntue mnarble-to p double and single walshastands, plain and wingedwardrobes, chests of drawers,drawiagroomn suite in erimisonstripe satin of curtais for three windows, rosewood chairs, couch, and two easy chairs rosewood leo, card, and fauc;F tables, large chinmney and pier glaisses. handsome tapestry and other Brussels carpets, mahogany chairs in leather and haircloth. patent dlining tables, Spanish mnaboguny eztal side*boards, Turkey carpet, three lbrary tables, deed box es, Wkcase, eugravinga (maple frames) 203 vets. of books, consprLisngRussellPsEurope. Hume and tirmolett's Kngland, with Conitinuation by Hughes and others, elegantly bound, supeio Sheffield plated ware, handsome china dinner, dessert, tea, and coffee services, cut glass andkitchecare.quisites. OnvIewMondayandmorningof sale. C-atalogueshadat the rooms. rettnby inth North Riding of Yorkshire.-Hizhly important Frehl Prprty, situate in the parishes of Batnad nfe, inteNrth Rding of the county of Yorks. M ESSRS. T. anld J. WETHERELLJ are instructedi to SELL by AUCTION. at the KCing's Head Iun. Darlington, in the county of Durhamn, on Monday, t-he 7th day of April, at 3 in the afternoon, subject to conditions to be then read, al that beautiful and very valuable and FREEHOLD ESTATE, called Brettonby and Wath Hall situiate within five miles of the excellent marketitown of Darliogton, and seven of Richmond and immnediately adjoIning the greet high 'road leading from Catterick-bridge to Pierse-bridge; compriang -mason-house, gardens, ornamental and finely wooded grounds, large fish pond (which forms thereservoir for awate-rthrashing ma,chineand corn and bone mill), fedby one of the most noted trout streams in, the norh o Eglad,wndng hroghtheesttefrom west to east. The * mnsin, rhch s stute earth cetreofthe estate. is well adapted fora cpitl fmil rsidnce suroudedbyornamental grounds and conenint addcks exellnt tabing leseboxes, with all neceasary agricutooural buldng. Theiste ronptaipesns 0a p rtee atabtouts,o rich arabie. madw aind pastue, land a g r.p,en oldegass,u pr of the bestfeedingeqality,d 2 na, rk0p od,iatto adwatere, and theiremainder cofvnin clwhcs bye ang is-aetri sori,Ivsing plnathighs taheof whchitiafodptetionad wthinthe last, fiveyer beenhitho~isvlldrained, Thi.supr2opnertY priesentratandtunusulype attr acins, ing wdithinu ao ring fence,nt agoodtingte and faing ati betauteifulees part of the ou tr,nar- good- maorketswel roavedt aendo t estate.also prseuagroeathnatteactsY fitior thtbe sprsman,et hain sevea Durhanoouty,Hrworh, auUodae Hint~,Amoity of the corn tiths ae mrgedinAe feehod, nd he rmaiderare commuxts{t, The arohia rats ae rmarkblylow h prprym ayb i e In Eanixptey,-Elegant Farniture l'icttiis, rich Servioes 01 Glass. ooks, China, and valuable Effects, CHINNCK ad GALSWORTHY will SELL by Rom,2,Old Bond-street, on Wednegdsw Marh 1, a 1. te eegat FFZCTS of a first-class RIESIDEC comrisng ellmad diingand drawing room suites, inx ns mahgan an reewod, are ehmney glames Bramsels and ke carpets eentmodeera lap,d louble-winged 31rr two metaopfortes. cObinetents, exoce And beddin, nd jdroe, cbest of drawerm cheva lsu,mrl wAshetAnds, serrioes of rich cuLt glses china dinner, deet n e servies., 300 vols. of standard booklis, about 25 vlal anig fechiefly Of thelDutch and French schools), audnueosefcs a be 'viewed one daY Prior, and catalogues had of the auctioneei 8 Resent-treet, Wateeloo-place Thurston's full-alzedBilliard Table, nearly new. (IRINNOCK aud GALSWORTHlY %Vill SELL i AouCTbiOn, unreservedly Potiohe autOn Roomrs. Wa1 Ond BonesDree-tret. G onD-qUMA Wednesday, Marh19 t .aTHRTO1 Cesla e withou Spnihe leathmer, an te uulfttns a be 'viwe &tw2 day pecdig te al, t te riat reidnraodte proprietaor.ei theimmdiae vcinty,by rde frm te atomneofrs erOffins28 e.or gent-street, Waterloo-place.t apra;~ CleaanceSsle-00 dozn offirt-clss Wnes from adoenmanfist Rouse,hegthe Reainin Portinrof tesrs. WArdth a indeo.s withoumt teles reere,tre sokcnntb o i Reermadiat Stock inTrdeoteaov uinluding seeralbin very abolui btte an--eped!all of the mostapr ovr clas SherisandoePmiceodspiis,o equSAlYchar.1 actepr. Altelwines andelfrm Soardes. iramndeCy.ahonae. quhnis stoc r canotbe toomag reomaeblended eother to tetrzd Or gientleme wrishin Ctaoge oelnithr themirselas. CaaoushdtDh elr,ad of the auctiooneers, 2oltr. Rgnt-streunen-tret, htcue.Sokan fet.o rcr BidnMAteil o bsolute ale,une.- tto hedsbush,atcteyeao 1I/FR PETER. BROAD wfil SELL by AUCTION, ,Yon thLe aboeremises, onTHIsa next. Mar.h 14. at 12 p foriel.thTOOtreere tue remainSJing STOCRfaD4 TDE comprising dua,cleasl rasient,gs, , lead, spcrsp iono, shrt timbero, firewood. , aso sundryles machne, nd thereffets,On ew ayd prothr.Catalogusonthl -promises; and of the auc'vaoneer, 28. Poultry. No. 1G, Duncanl-street. Whitemhnper.-stDck, itrs andEffetenefaG -nOlabs lolouni-boute S ale, uniedera ed at,obybdireuptoy MjR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, ILOn theaoe Premfises on Teuesday next, MaLrch 18, at A2fr1 theo wTole fte eun and wTNSLS in td TCKi TRADE, compiig nua,,cfesun aOut1 oaneshton soap, half ten royal hand adr cothers paiaers, scales. mires,held fo'a' citernsof aboutneas~ unexpired, matsthes lnd rhentalos £to45, freoald sategs or tanxes. and oviewed. CarwtaLoges on th pre-r esntepeie.adof the auctioneer, 28, Poultry. No=6 Mothill treturWestmHister-tck, Fixtues. reutite -nsils Piece O niqa e Golormhandeberorut an unesrvdaSale,by iectio ofoEffecu-.toeroprt of Mr Wn Fortyfdcerjased,i rgnet lISR.SPTE BULOCK wil SELLA by AUtlION,ea ITloonthe2abov Premisesob, Tadnsd next, March i 9, at 12, the ofdols vanshs soap cLAnTEs, gorond&gsDn and drfoours,painers'toos, bqruses, cak ciskten, machinesd rewteldts,. meaures,end thee ufuams stckand uwtensil to an oi-t and eDaolbroueina, Olivie bMakthe dpoar. oltalogues. on athepemisvesrradpofther Oalfctioneer, 2. Pobeultrycl) Holdehand FodrnPicture,Gs. Chitodeer,ic Sotaits, aw Ciorptn s.r picae,o Bantiudlsy. adlefrabalro,ad MrlSau JESSRS. BULLOCK will SELL, at their great eveRaconllect211' HiEgh Holborn, ToHISoDAY.a PCURE, handome Ddern HO inEH uD EFFCTa drecliing roenuais,aby E otty, irA gallery portrai,tsaofLous, whI.t, SircH,eravy bsue; magrander Land-. peapem abynee Berau vlexhbte works byd Tuest, Mofo, glases, cainetr t~able dotes o7f. y5ft consderableerit Tooal es, and mogiychatnaFashionaleo Jewelery Seurvie iaofoPlte, Pioctases, olrd Chiam and. Effr tbecs, th Iproperty ofairane ofecering his Aregimnensteasan bednS hRSl.dtle BU LLOCK mwilltSElL, and wstaneir grea. generlfrnims1,hingh requirntes THIS b ewdA, 14th matal, is hEad.C oftmoderniSILVyR P ATE cmtrusu spondMsceand rc,beafat eqis,caebse. aTEchaSe rWaM e dSh,L turen A Cruetframe,, candlestices, twomb,isn and einamtelt braoeietegardebran.trinS. foAY contidmnche,anyxantuesplerrnepe~afewri-artrh an foreigntinscltc thrLeroyetll-ma ridogye(twomgoloved,alcar inets,dore. brrl airanotegus pristles,o. Toybe viewed, heaproand cataloguesbhad. Househol d Furniturexa hnelie,Gionlae w opiPess FiESR. CULLOCK w ii SELStthiEra AilheRooms,e21, Hig Lowlern Tome-mtee.onrw t1,ado moder HOUSEHOLD PR EECwth, daraige room, chars an sofasme vaelve and silck tables,n thtoe, nurcheres boroI, semnraut rieran painnucabintetsBusels veyvetlpile,b an ldtureycrpetsgasse, frdtning tablhes 17 ft byeftio6 Pandiulrsmallerbe hand ma hogauychairseer. m1 oroco. gandstandt sqaec nnfre,tokaesyer.ro n bedng V heval priordtoell iTrdo hneyglass,mrbetbes andOwa natendt,and atralmistory, ofpparatus and Giscllaner. lIA SR,S.. STEDMENSwil SELL by AUCTION, at onLthis greaRom,ses88. Sou-treept,ovn-T-garden.roHIS DAY~0 Mdyarch ro~at1on edno y.carh 9 a tCOLECTON f-'dInEallyandFsupeio contaiinn manEo rarespCimVEns afeBrtsand fID oreigntingects,i. lathreemell-glasesnahgrand noologi caldecabinas, motadsoube-barelair npomp,i mhicroscope glanhadmauternfodi ine vainews, chromthro adeo rthvergsldes,strcopyic itue, n. variety ofmiscelYseo tearctice. aybe vewtae aec fqe aehd on tepaypror and caaogezhd HoshldFriueaseand Efurieture-Golden J.-sqnar SON, onthe Premises, 5 Lowe and3esHg-street.,o Thursdy,Mach7i 2drciey, byrc ordro athe2 osineoooto the LEAseHOL g Woin 1Ii andMPSRISINGEIS Twit Ladaren Citroom,sial fora pictup galr,andlag coach-housep intherear hopeldfr1ers, anecInt range peraonnum. Onhelng casmedas, aitt1, wllb sodtesremaiinngtoe funiture,, ofixthreusual descriewtion. Particuarday betahade of the auctioneer,.l 28,dColema-street, citbuy.sur.V Nontice of.-Spnperirtock nTrdof Chimnasrermcase,sindoornauent bodFurniture, Cofta Ciarvorer adnidEfer. s lIrSSRS. LUOODMAN will SELLO byavercTived IiionsthPremioses 16, BEInthAmpTION-o, onteaoew-roa,emermoix Edeaera,nWednesday. MarchI is.at19, atewhl of untuallyus asproiD STOCK inTURAE ofnauCdRVE anmdom GTdEcnssing romsl ofttrge planortechineary-gases, glran ddois,cnde clabras,lasshenfiornmentarf nir nwitems andmeroususeuhlan marqllnetouseie ctabies and wther daco prectivegod, whenebtlygit. caaonea be had on tePremises ; and atth ofofthe auctioneaderate 4Agec Ofrces.r,dBshret opsromad, uayaer. HouserHoldawyfurntur and Effgto-il.-Bymessrts. JxeBhol %tand: SOn, valuabe Premss,3und Re3, Hrauingh-3street,y seoreditre ntuel- da,Mac 18La 1,on ocon oEL the houses IOiNg te pule dears forthe newrar; setholereetin Jaundlcayg qut'-caniy fpe, thr.exey copers,-an excellentrang, lonbe couter, selvng,sases,rahatittns, andterscedn. tv,admn fitRes OMyBe.iwdo ody CataTvi SLoge of thAUCTIONer, a WIndil-teet Tiners Hury-squoarre nThraa, uc 0,al Ithe fenolFun,Liture. CottagecpitanoforTe, anIEfet,aquniyo wanu,EsbSRlu.aLUCterKimber andteettso BURTO Chapman,ceA. il nsttarutioansJ tajo SEL by UCIO, onth taihesabofePaum's-craon Wednesdcay, MadTrch 1wth -str,eat1, tely he whole i of the xOUSHOLt FualitURan il E; sncluding handsoenin drawig Froo particuaspl cott theantofot.nearlyBenew, cland beddingy, chineygate, ornamnctalous mitemas, ea and nduerou usefulamicellnousaleffcs.nve h po receing, wens canotalgers cabad nt thle pomies a.ol~rndwatrth officS,o h autione Dders,Ar,OrHar-treet, in Ddre,ioma ndsq aye. e tippera Holwaybe fothe poduHhby order-mofthet Fruseeh-old Etare And ta valuable GrudRetFreeoduind mroaet apysecured rhent JZ3 h tfodhr LC Irn'will SEL bytat atCrtIon, at thepaih f egsdBomwchxt, arch19. ate. forI Patiunlerss maylbedofby prinaed onaltrcact), a valuableFrEEHOLd SuttoE, consisCtingll ofstwo sustniambiltgdeached ortohesideces fhnsm lvtion,erwithey lareStpleoasuegournds,gtarbounse o, kown th etashEm illaandbelm- qanlareaofdinearytwon acres. Dorbenvieedb cafrd-stony,ehit, whoith orbypuist.gbsies SSAR S O. SPLLEN Waud SPELLbyAC TiONl aE T IYLbAUTO,a the Tie R edIn oot'-ray. Non hrd. ac 2 0.d odstet at Wed walnut, aEsxh,plu, and1( other ntimber,ing theettesa Nof .Chpma, Ofrd Vansitart,and J Malclm, Eos, K n theparihe o Plaul'-cray. Foot'-cra, an Halway-sreet erey Te tibaer is,o exceellen qualty, nd wll e sod inconenietalos, or aticulrshapply stothe actioeer, exle, andFoots-cra,rKet, ofho catainpgrucerosy also be had, andat thedplacehof1sale To Irnmasera nd ohecsImpotantSaleoftFeehl acIronworke YandPlan-t.aGreet'acBkrs-greenWet, ClrkmaiekL-By Mar. atHMs- DAUS,Oatth Duey' Promises Hotel inaDdley-sre, onMnday8, th'er stret,dyo BApril,e-atorrSin twhee aftarerqunoiyon,fjc toe-prfch ctondi- tionseas willvbelthen produced,) byorder, of ThesdTrustees of Mrit Thfoma Payne,t-nre 3WfetSANg ONUA thHO AtI200 valuablrefehtloldPrboperty, 5,0 cafeetdte- paihof WlexdrstBromwic Wstafourdshiare,Fll particulrsoayl ber ot.- Jait osq., Mesysae. Gm,Dcke,andt Surntton. Pando,V Cottrll, and ti.p solhicitrbiringham: rorz to thderaucioneer, Dudleyad. euto o qaity,b iecino Mt rvr,Cof Ofor-sret. wh I~ 1191ESSS. SPILMAN andSPEACEbial SELfoL-o& ILL y AUTIO, attheRoom, No 21 OldBon-stret,on Wed Camberwelt-Snperior Freehold memi-detachedResidenoes, ~for o=cpa., tionor investment. MjR. W. A. OAIKLEY will SELL by AUCTIOIN, at .Lthe Mart, THIS DAYr, the 14th of darcb, at 12 inlots. TWO superior smi-detached FAIMLY BEIDEN'CES,with)2rage gardmns, bein-g Ne,3 ad4, Grove Villas, the Grove, Canberwel, Surrey. The hose are well-erectedl, in exeellent repair, and contain ample acomm. modation for arespetable family; the situation is high, healthy, andconvenient to the city and weet end, No. 3 in let to George Smith, mi. fom ad-da, 812 fr atem o furyears, at:£6 per annum, consquenly pssesioncanbhadofthsho sealmost mimmediatel. No. is et o K.Loft, Fq., rom adyday, 1850 for seven or lii year, a £6 pe anum.Paricuarshadat tboe Mart; of J. D., Finey Fa.,soicior6, umva's-mi Hobon;and of Mr. W. A., Oakey,autioee an lnd get, , eget-tret.Watexloo,-place I Unreserved Sale of Effects,-Strood. near Horshom, Susex, AFJrSSRS. BROOKS and BEAM have received IV.instructions to SELL by AUCTION, on Tuesdky, 3Marh 15, at 1-9 without reserve, on the Premises Smithiaw Hall. the entire CONTENTS of a SHOOTIING ESTABIaSIMENT, includlnglho excellenl, modem household furniture, bed and table linen, m3odern engravings, roriental, French, and Worcester chins, ornaments, Parisian clock ina sOrs, hin cae, icldesertserice brllintrystal table glass eightdayclok b Det, livr pate boks,andwie, four guns by Blanch. Waile, Maton, our ogs hree earsold,retriever,sane ni Park-place Villas.-Valus.blo Collection of high-class Pictures. R.GARCIA has removed from above,adwl SELby AUCTION, at his Gallery, 71, Qtuarant, Regentstreet, TMIS DAY (Friday) 14th and To-morrow, at I precIsely, the very valuable CLLEtIjTI of V'ICTURES, formed by the late pro-. prietor at a very considerable cost from seine of the principlW colleco, tions both here and on the continent, and among whirls will be foundl someveYryAro examples bythe followingr matera and0others, Glido Ons A. Cano Berhe CrraCci C. ~oratti L.iran i inJrn On d Wouverrman C. Dlei Baknusl Onview, and catalogues at the Gallery 71, Quadat eetsrvt
