DEATHS. On the 6th lit.. at Ilorence, Henry Dunn. FAq., aged 34 On the 2ith ul. at Pau, Frances, the wife of David Pringle, Esq., ICSa. "The Christian mother; the widow and the orphan's friend." On the24th lt.I at 8, Wellington-road, St. Johns-wood, Thomas Wethered, Faq., Deputy Commissry General On the 2Sth nat., George Royds, Eaq.. of Otterspool, Berts, aged 33. kiled byfalln from a carniage, of whichthe horseawere runningaway. On thge 25th ult., at his residence, Bedford-place, Campden.hill, Kensington, George Don, E_se,, F-.LZ, aged 38. On the 26ti tilt., altersa lingerIng illess, borene~wthjgreat fortitude, Elizalbeth, the beloved wife of dwina Martin, of St. Alban's, Herta in the 25th yearof her age. 0n the 26th ult., Jacob Hyamn Nathan. Esq., of 30, Gerrard-street, lateof Berwick-street, Soho, aged 76, deeplyreg ttied by his numerous famiIy. On Tuesday. the 26th ult., at the Rectory, Lererington, Cambridgeshire, of rapid conu tion, aged 31, Frances Sarah, the belovedwife of the Rev. Arthur W, Roper, an-I eldest daughter of the iate D. L. Chambers, Flsq., and Jane B. Chambers of Guildford-street, Russellsquare OnL the 27th unt., at flgbgate, Frances Ellen Adelaide, daughter of Marcus HenryTJohneon, Fsq., aged I maonths, On the 27th Iult., James Fryer, FEq., of Bewdley, aged 87. On the 2Mth ult., at Stockwell- g road, after afew hours' illness, in the 74th year of her age, Mrm Fuler, the beloyed wife of Mr. uller, late of Boodle's Club, St. James's-street. On the 27th nit, at Upper Clapton, Mrs. Martha Lewis, aged 76. On Wednesday, the 27th uilt., a his residence, Wilcroft, near Here ford, WilliamJammEs,Fq., aged 68 On Thursday, the 28thx ult., at Stanton St. Bernard, Wilts, George Hubert, eldest son of the Rev. G. T. Ward, aged 9 years. on the 2h lt., at Rye-lane. Peckham, Mrm AL B Walker, relict of Win Walker. Esq., into of Apollo-buildings Waiwoeth, aged 78, deeply lamented by all who knew her. On the 25th uIt., at ll5, Sloane-street, most deeplyregretted, Ann Maria, the wife of 3r. Wi HenrmHawwortb, in her 66th year. On Thursday, the 28th nIt., at 'Window. Bucks, where he had resided 6Sycars, JohnL C-owley, Esq., XR.CS.S., aged 78, full of years, full of hono-lrs int life much respected, in death moat sincerely lamented. On the 2th nlt -at his residence, No. , Albany-street, RegenVsarukj Mr. Archibai,rchn, in the 45th year of his ago. On the 29th ult., the wife of Edward flng, builder, 21, Effinglhamplace, Ramnsgate. On the 29thulIt., Captain HenryLawson, of Fortess-terrace, Kentishtown, inhbisdlstyeax. On the 29th nIt, FredkT Jan. Kelsey, of West Isvingtou House, Wilts;, Faq., aged 73. Onthe 29th nlt., at his residence,?,. Harley-street, alter a long and seTere illness, borne withChristian fortitude and resignation, Sir James E. Anderson, M.D.. much and deeply lamented. Hlit latter end was perfect pc. On the 1st inst., at Crockham-hill, Edenbridge, Kent, La the 87th ear of her Nanny, widow of the late leter Thompson, Faq., of eld Middlesex. On the Ist inst.. Eleaor NIchols Menhem, the wife of Barrow Mlechemn Pi.. of Park House, 41, Ampthili-square, Hampmtead-road, aged '0,deeply regretted and lamente-d. At Catton. near Norwich, in her 76th year, Mary Ann, relict of the late Lieut.-CoL Chiitty, H-&LO.
I NA YAL AND MIITARY TBLLIENCE. The General Screw Compay's steamship Golden Fleece, Captain Scales, transport NYo. 75, arrived at Southampton from the BiaCt>a y7StaVy m Qoning, The Golden rFleece sailed from Eupatoria on the 4th ult., vith 519 horses on board, aU of which were disembark-ed at Sizepoli, and pro. ceeded thence to Constantinople, which port she left for Malta on the 10th, sailing again for Southampton on the 16th. The Golden Fleece did not touch at Gibraltar. During the voyage from Mllta this transport has experienced a succession of heaVy weather, and strong head winds. On the 20th .of February she passed the bark Come On off the Seven Capes; on the 25th spokethe brig Scipio, in lat. 37, long. 9, W., bound to the southward. The Golden Fleece sailed from Southampton with horses and troops on the 20th of June last, since which she has been actively occupied in the transport service. During that period there have been conveyed by this vessel, to and from various ports in the Black Sea and the Mediterranean, 249 officers, 5,104 troops, and 3,879 horses, betides passengers, the ship having travelled a distance of upw3rds of 19,000 miles. With the exception of the necessity of docldngtheGoldenFleece isquiteready.for sea, the interior of the vessel being more like a, ship recently fitted out than one just returned from active service. The Transit, screw steam transport belonging to the fleet, Commander C. I. Johnson, R.N., went into Portsmouth harbour on Friday evening and hauled alongside the docklyard, to land her invaaids ana passengers, which was effected on Saturday afternoon. They consisted of 19 of the 54th Regiment; 16 of the 66th; 16 of the 94th; I of the Royal Sappers and Miners; 25 of the Royal Artlery; 10 of the Northamptonshire and 54of the Royal lancashire wilitia, in moilitary charge of Lieutenant HL N. Browne of the West York Militia. They proceeded to temporary quarters. The Comet steamtug toweed the new steam gunboat Opossum from Northam to Portsmouth on Saturday to be fitted; and the Chub steam gunboat left Portsmouth for the rendezvous of the third and fourth divLisions of the gtmboat 0lotilla in Portland Roads, where the following of their members assembled on Friday :-Her Majesty's ship Sanspareil, screw, 71, Captain A. C. Key, C.B.; the Lark, Eagpie, Badger, Sheldrake, Sldpjackl, and Rediing. The Charon, Bo-ucer,flaughty, Herring, Julia, and Pelter are expected to join this rendezvous from Woolwich in a day or two. Two new and powerful cranes or shears have just been erected on tne jetty of the gun-wharf at Portsmouth. They are requirea for shipping the mortars on board the vessels of the fleet. A number of these, 13-inch, of 5 tons weight each, are ready for shipment, and others are daily arriving and expected, to the number of 140. An enormous consign. ment of shell is also on its way-viza, 30,000 13-inch, 30,000 10-inch, and 30,000 8-inch. About 300 tons of other ammunition also were received on Friday. Exraordinary stores of munitions of war are being accumulated at Portsmouth, where the powder magazines are quite full, and additional depots are about being made by mooring old ships for that purpose in the -upper part of the harbour beyond the great magazine atPriddy's-hard. The steam transport Charity left Portsmouth yesterday for Liverpool, and the Alps will embark to-day a number of officers and men of the 99th Regiment for conveyance to Ireland. After a week's absence, on a trial cruise, the screw-steamship Orion, 91, Captain J. Ersidne, returned to Plymouth Sound, on Friday. She has been as far west as long. 6' 30', in lat. 49' 30", and has had still weather all the time. Her engines are in excellent order, butthe controller pipe, which Was split and carried away last year in the Baltic, is to be replaced by a new one. The position of the leak has not been discovered, and she continues to make 2 feet 8 inches per day. The repairs of the Orion will be completed in the Sound. The paddle-wheel steamvessel Prospero sailed from Ply mouth for Pembroke, on lriday, and the paddle-wheel steamvessel Avon for Portsmouth, on Saturday. The gunboat Snap, which sailed from Plymouth on Thur-day with the screw steamship Sanspareil, burst her cylinder outside the harbour, retumed to the Sound, and, her repairs being completed, sailed again for Spithead on Txiday. The crew of the London, 90, Captain Jarvis, got up toEp. masts at Devonport on Saturday. An Admiralty order just promulgated promises to remove a great difficulty felt in the treatment of sick and wounded seamen at naval hospitals. ln these estabishments there has always been a want of properly trained nurses of good character. The candidates admitted were generally without qualification for such very peculiar duties, and, after gaining experience in the wards, the remuneration was so small that efficient persons had no inducement to remain. From the 1st of April next a new scale of pay and allowances is to cone into force. The pay of the male nurses is to be increased from $Ad. a-day and provisions, to is. 6d. a-day with provisions and a complete suit of uniform, besides a working dress annually; that of female nurses from 8Ad. per day and provisions, to 201. per annum, provisions, two slits of clothes annually, and a cloak every three years. In the lunatic wards of Haslar Hospital, where the duties are still more peculiar and require a longer training, the two chief attendants are to have their pay and allowances increased from 2s. 3d. per day, a suit of clothing annually, and provisions, to 3s. per day, a suit of uniform and working dress annually, and pro. visions. Four of the senior male attendants are to have their payincreased fromls. 6d. to 2s. per day, and thefemale attendants to receive the same pay and allowances as female nurses. In addition, a gratuity of at. is to be given each year to that male or female attendant who has mos' ably performed his or her duty, and as a relief from constant association with lunatics each is to have a week's leave on full pay during the year. Anotherlarge3detachment of troopsleft Chatham Barracks on Saturday for the purpose of proceeding to the School of Mlusketry at Hythe, where they will undergo a thorough course of instruction in the use and practice of the Enfield rifle under Colonel Hay and Iientenant-Colonel W3lford. The authorities at the Horse Guards have appointed three normal schoolmasters to be attached to the provisional bat. talion at Chatham for the purpose of instructiag the troops belonging to that garrison. Colonel Eden has issued an order, directing that one-half the recruits of the provisional battalion are to attend school every day, and also the whole of the recruits belonging to the depot of the 91st Regiment. Permission is also accorded to those volunteers who mnay feel so inclined to attend school every evening excepting Saturday, and a number of volunteers have already availed themselves of this leave. The boys belonging to the garrison are instructed daily. The authorities at the War Departmenthaving decided that all the _recruits proceeding to India and to the colonies shall for the future be suppliedlwith rifles, great exertions are being made by Captain William Nott, 83d Regiment, the instractor appointed at Chatham, that the whole of the troops shall be thoroughly acquainted vith the use of that weapon, so as to be able to impart instruction to others in their respective regiments on joining the headquarters. Colonel Jervis is also carrying out the wieshes of the War-Offce on this head, a certain number of the troops being instructed every day at the practising ground St. Mary's-creek. The result of some carefully conducted trials and experiments wvith various kdnds of gun metal has convinced the authorities of Woolwich Arsenal that the Nova Scotia charcoal iron possesses capabilities of greater resistance as well as other desirable qualities in a superior degree. They have therefore recommended its adoptionfor the purposesof the new foundry and gun factory there. The War Department has just concluded a contract with the Acadian Iron Company for a large and regular supply of that material, vhich, it is considered, will also be brought extensively into use, as, with such ready means of procuring superior gan metal now at their disposal, Government will be relieved of that dependence on foreign- countries for an article of the greatest importance, which England herself has not the means of producing.- The Government of Nova Scotia have shown a strong desire to encourage the manufacture of the iron of these mines, and have agreed to appropriate extensive tractsof forest land in theiramediate vicinity of their works for the purposes of tthe company. The Nova Scotia ironl has been pronounced to be perfectly adapted forthe higher qualities of steel, and all those other purposes to which Swedish and Russian iron has in times past been exclusively applied. On Saturday morning Sir Charles Wood, First Lora of the Admiralty, accompanied by Rear-Acdmiral Sir 3. F. F. Berkeley, paid a visit to Woolwich Dockyard for the purpose of inspecting the despatch and gun-boats. They were ioined by the Superintendent of the yard, Commodore Shepherd, and the officers commanding the various vessels under fitment there, over which they were successively conducted. They expressed themselvesextremelysatisfiedwith the rapid progress of that department. The fololving appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty:- Captain the Hon. J. R. Dimumond, to the Victory, viceGordon; C. H. Eden and W. R. Kennedy, Midshipmen, to the Calcutta, A Cavendish, Naval Cadet, to the Calcutta ; J. G. Risk, Surgeon to the FEmouth; John T. ?L Brenner, Surgeon to the Rodney; Johnstone Christie, Surgeon, to the Sanspareil; Walter Livesay, Surgeon to the Fisgard; Mark Hamilton, Surgeon, to the Welleslev; Charles A. Anderson, Sutgeon, to the Calcutta; W. C. Nutt, Surgeon and Agent at Sick Quarters, Poole ; George B. Moore, Assistant-Surgeon,to the Calcutta; Cbarles E. lI'ayfair, Assistant-Surgeon, to Greenwich Hospital William Patrick, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Duke of Wellington; James Young, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Excellent; Simon A. Willis, Assistant-Surgeon, to the Exmouth; J. B. iurphy, Acting Assistant-Surgeon, to the Calcutta; Charles GR Godfrey, Acting AssistantSnrgeon, to the Tyne; and Francis Braddon, Clerk, to the Vulture.
THE PEACB CONFERECVES. Le Nord of Brussels puNishes the folioWing:- " On the 25th of Februyr an armigtice of five wetks was decided upon in the first Conference, after a general eamA. 2aation of the principal questions to be solved. They"were 611 briefly touchedcupon to ascertaiu wliether they contaune any serious difmculties of a nature to impede the cour6 of the negotiations. It was thus that they fou? themselves agreed on the first four propositions. Whes -the question of the rectification of the frontiers On the side of Bessarbia was mooted by Count BRol, Count OrIoff observed that it vas impossible to carry out the new frontier they2'wished to establish between the mem and the mountais, because there are no mountains on that side, but only plains. " A few -words were also:said respecting the fifth proposition, -without any dissent arisig of a nature to cause anxiety. "A committee, conssing of the French, English, and Austrian Plenipotentiaries, is appointed to make a draught of the protocol, and to communicate the first bases of its task "t here is every reason to believe that the negotiations will proceed even more rapidly than 'w expected; the peace preliminaries might be signed by the end of the week. "During the three hours and a-half which this first meeting of the Conference lasted, everything passed over calmly and courteously. Mhen the meeting broke up the I'leni. potentiaries strolled for a few minutes in the gardens of the hMinister of Foreign Affairs, where they fonmed into groups of friendly converse. At 5 o'clock they returned to their embassies, 'whence they sent despatches in cipher to their respective Governments."
T'HE DUDE OF YOIRS HOUJD. TO T1E EDITOR OF TEE TiES Sir,-WhenIlast did myself the honour of addreggng you on the subject of " the Duke of YorYs Mound," I did not express any opinion as to an entrance to the parl; at that point; Imerely advocated the process of levelling in preference to that of burrowing, in the event of this entrance beinmgdetermined on. I would now aslc the favour of being again allowed to trespass on your valua'ble space, in order to point out some circumstances in favour of such an entrance. Regent-street, including the places attached to it (Port. land-place, Langham-place, and Waterloo-place) is the only instance in the metropolis of a lengthenednieof continuous ornamental architecture, every other great thoroughfare being a patchwork of good, bad, and indifferent buildings. The ground having an incline towards the Waterloo- lace end, we, as if to arrestthe progress ofpersonshumig do the declivity, have given it a Montagne-Russe termination; but how much more graceful and appropriate wounl' be a continuation of the incline with an entrance into the Parlk, which would tend to harmonize the two ends of this important thoroughifare, the other leading into Regenfs Surely the question of expense ought not to be considered in comparison with the disfigurement of our one, our only, handsome street. The alteration mightbe turned to account in another way just now. The tank in the Green Park, opposite Ashburton-house, in Piccadilly, bas been emptied for the last time - the space is about to be filed up; the means of doing thi; are closeat hand; the excavation of the moundwould yield the requisite material, thus two objectionable objects would be got rid of by one and the same blow. The present inclination of the authorities does not seem to be in favour of meddlng with this mound, butpoints to an entrance at the side of St. James's Palace, which would [make a very pleasant opening for an exchange of visits between St. James's-street and Begravia. What ue, however, would it be fo. the mutual greetngs of Regentstreet and Westminster? Suitableness of locality is seldom thought worth consideration in reference to our monuments ana public buildngs, else it might be urged as one reason for remo'ving the Duke of Yor*s Monument that a locality almost exclusively devoted to trade and fashion is scarcely appropriate for a monument to a Commander-in-Chief; but then we have the statue of the Duke of WeLington in the midst of the merchants of the city, opposite the Mansion-house; that of George IV., as an accessory to the monument of a great naval hero, althoughthe Monarch was never in his life associate with any great naval achievement, and,I believe, this is the first instance of a pblic testimonial representing Royalty playing se fidd e to a Thenwe have the Mousesof Parlament placed inahollow below the level of the river, surrounded by a cofferdam of solid masonry, but should the waters overreach this at any time, the members would still find refuge from the inundation in the tall towers of the building. Another hollow is now being prepared for other publc buildings between Brompton and Kensington. Then we have the Marblearch, apropos of nothing, placed obliquely, leading nowhere, and looldng very much like a magnified fireplace out of place, cuma nultis alis. Judging from our monuments and public buildings, our metropols might be taken for the lumber-room of somc great spirit, who had thrown down everything at random in haste, intending to make a proper arrangement on some future more convenient occasion. We have a Secretary of State for every department of the Government, arnd shifting a letter would give us what we, very much want-a Secretary of Taste. I earnestly hope that the abrupt and disggracefol ternination to a noble thoroughfare to which I have referred may not long remain, but that you will extend the influence of your powerful advocacy towards procuring a decision i. favour of removing this " cold obstrction," and of having, in addition to the proposed entrance by the side of St. James's Palace, an entrance into the parki also at Carlton. gardens. I have the honour to be. Sir. your verv~ cAi'r servant, RMENCRY EBARIrTR -RA'. , f Glocester-terrace, Hyde Park, March 1. ]
Dmmr. oor Tnmu Soc:y or ASoc r 13mToms.- On Saturday, being St. David's Day, the members of thbe Society of Ancient Britons celebrated their 141st anniversary at the Freemason? Tavern. last year, in consequence of the events in the Crimea, and the losses sustained by the Welsh Regiment there serving, it was resolved to pass over St. David's Day sub silentio, as far as festivity was concerned. On Saturday, however, the society once more did honour to the patron saint of the principality by a rich display of leeks and ostrich feathers, and a thorough deternination to " eat, drink, and beierry." We were sorry to notice a paulcity of members in attendance and several gaps in the ranks of visitors, but this (itwvasintimated)is partly attrnbutable to the disinclination of those who subscribe small sums to hear their names read out from the head of the table,-a custom which, as oPposed to the interests of the charity, and obnoxious to the imputation of Pharisaical ostentation, the Society of Ancient Britons have very laudably decided to abolish, dating the reform from Saturday last. This example may be sug"ested for imitation at charity dinners en messe, where the business, and certainly the entertainment, of the evening is often brought to a dead lock by the secretary's interminable list of guineas andi their fractional parts. The chair of the society was flledL on Saturday by the Hon. Robert W. Clive, 3LP., and the company at the cross table included the Earl of Powis, Lord Dynevor, Sir W. W. Wynn, Bart., ILT., Colonel Brownrigg, C.B., Mr. H. Wynne, MP., Mr. D. S. Davis, M.P., Mr. H. Gwynne, 2MLP., Mr. H. A. Brace, MY.P, Sir J. Mansell, Bart., Dr. Evans, the Rev. T. Evans, the Rev. Robert Jones, &c. In retuning thanks for the army, Colonel Brownrigg iook- occasion to refer to the campaign in the Crimea and our unfortunate failure at the Redan on the Sth of September. The gallant officer, in obvious allusion to the comments of the vress on that unhappy occurrence, observed that it signified ittle to himn and his brother officers what "unscrupulous correspondents" inight say, for Frenchmen of the highest rank and reputation haf assured hib (Colonel Brownrngg) that our failure on the 8th of September was as glorious as their success. He also entolledthevallourof theRoyalWelshFusileers, decimated in the lafe campaigns, but too happy to make this noble sacrifice for their Queen and country. The hon. chaimnan proposed the o evenin in a speech hich made up in earnestness of purpose for its deficiency in eloquence, and shortly after-ards the treasurer announced subscri tions amounting to about 900r The children of the Welsh school, in Gray's-inn-road, waere afterwrds introduced, and sang an "ode" written expressly for the occasion. We regret to find from the report that this institution, like too rany others, sorely feels the pressure of the times, and must inevitably lose ground if its friends emnain luaewtarm or apathetic. The auditors say that they have again occasion to observe lith regret a decrease in the donations and subscriptions, and an increase in the price of provsions. This decrease has been so great that, under ordiar circumnstances, the expenditure would, as in last vear, have much e:;ceedoed the income; and a further reduction of the capital of the charity wrould have been necessary, or considerable liabilities must have been incurred. The imprudence of adopting either of these measures was so strongly felt that it was resolved, though with much reluctance, to reduce the number of the children. By limiting, therefore, the number of children elected during the year, the number of children upn the establishment has been reduced from 200 to 180. This resolution has enabled the charity to keep its expenditure within its income; and, although 16 boys and 10 girls have been elected during the last year, no reduction of its capital has been mnade, and no liability has been incured. But it is much to be deplored that so valuable a charity should be thus crippled in its efforts for want of funds; and the friends of the-NVelsh School are earnestly entreated to use their best endeavours to restore it to its former position. This appeal spealks for itself. In announcing the total sum subscrnbed on Saturday evening, the treasurer intimated (as already stated) that no list would be read henceforth, but we wvere officially informed that Her lfaijesty had sent a donation of 100 gaineas, the hon. chairman 100 guineas, Lord Dynevor 50 guineas, Mr. Gladstone 20 gaineas, Sir C. Morgan 50 guineas, and each of the feur Welsh bishops 10 guineas. Itmaybe statedthat the schoo is shortly to be removed to Ashford, near Staines, where a piece of land has already been purchased and arrangements. made for the erection of a very fine andcommniodious structure. The musical arrangements on Saturday were under the management of Mz. Brinley Richards, who rendered his services gratuitously. The Welsh harper Mr. Ellis Roberts, played one of his national airs, and kMiss L. B. Williams, the "Welsh nightingale," sang a song in ther national costume of her country, which was encored. The rest of the music -was of a very poor and hackneyed descrintion. xM usEuM or ORNA21FnAL ART AT MAIMLBOROU'GH-IIOUTS-The numbers attending, &c., during tbo month of February were as follows .-7,SM0 persons on the public days and adnitted free; 479 persons on the student' days and admitted as students on the payment of 6d. emh, besides the registered students of the classes and schoole.
.lrONi-hMABKgT and CITY INTELLIGIRNCE. Saturday Evening. The English funds opened this morning at a .de<1ine of an eighth, fiom. which there was a recovery before the close, although the market was inactive thr6ughout the day. Consols for money were first quoted 91 to i, and the last prices were 911 to i for money? and 91 to j for the 11th inst. 'here was mo renewal of the circulation of the idle rumours byi which the dealers allowedthemselves yesterday tow -deceived, and the extent of business -was altogether umimporant. The arival of the James Baines frorR lMelbourne, on which insurances have lately been effected at 15 guineasper cent., produced a very satisfactory impression, although her amount of gold did not transpire. Bank Stock left off-at 213 to 215; Reduced, 91W to a; New Three per Cents., 02 to i; India-bonds, {s. to 2s. discount; Exrchequer-bonds, 977 to 981; and Exchequer-bills, (lIThrch), 4s. to is. discount; June, 2s. discount, and 1s. premium. The scrip of the new loan and funding vvas issued at the Bank of England to-day. The demandfor money this morning was considerable, in consequence of Monday being the 3d of the month, as well as the day for the payment of an instalment on the new loan. Foreign securities- have not greatly varied, but prices,on the average, continue to be supported. In Turkish Six per Cents. the operations have been at 95o- and 95, while the Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock has been negotiated at 100. The general bargaijis have comprised-Buenos Ayres, 57; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 78 and 79{; the Three per Cents., for the account, 57 and 5(4; Russian :Five per Cents., 10i1, and+ and DutTiTvo-anda-Half per Cents, 04 and 63g.v The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were '2f. 50c. for money, and 72f. 60c. for the account, showing a decline of a quarterper cent. The liquidation is understood to be passing off favourably. The railway meetings of the week have been nuxnerous, and principally connected with the declaration of dividends. The shareholders of the 3Eastern Counties Company have adopted the report zo far as relates to the rate of distribution, and, -with regard to the election of directors, a poll has been ,demanded. The discussion throughout was of a turbulent character, a strong feeling being exhibited s,ainst a continuance of the late management. The dividend declared at the South Wales Railway is at the rate of 3 per cent. per annum, and-the report and accounts have been adopted. Among the principal topics brought under consideration were the futaure prospects of traffic, the opening to 3lilford Haven, and the arrangements withthe Great Western Company. Atthe EastKentmeetingitwas announced that Messrs. Burge, MIorris, and taiampton have joined Messrs. Fox and Henderson in a contract. to construct all the works upon the line on the terms of the arrangement entered into, with 3fessrs. Fox and Hendelson last year for the route between Strood and Canterbury. These parties-also state themselves ready to take a working lease of the indertaldng for 21 years at 5 per cent., with 'half profits beyond 6 per cent., allowing interest on share capital durig the progress of works. -The report of the Birkenhead, l;ancashire, and Cheshire Junction Railway has been agreed to, the diyidend being at the rate of 2 per cent. The unsettled accounts are to be placed to a suspense account, and eventu.lly liquidated by the realization of surplus land and the appropriation of 5,0001. received for forfeited shares. The dividend of the Newport, Abergavenny, and Hereford Company is at the rate of 5S. per share, leaving a small balance to be -carried forward. A committee has been appointed to confer with the directors on the financial position of the undertaking, -vith the view of facilitating the progress of the works. At the Rhymney meeting the report on the state of the line was adopted, the directors being desirous to carry it out -with all possible despatch. The dividends on the A and B stocks of the Eastern Union Company have been agreed to, and the report is regarded as exhibiting satisfactory features. The shareholders of the South :Eastern Company have confirmed the dividend of 13s. 3d. per share, and received the report. A lengthened discussion took place on general points in management, the majority expressing a favour- ible opinion of the manner in which the .directors discharge their duties. The result of the Bristol and Exeter traffic for the last half year is considered encouraging. Although the expenditure has increased, it has led to beneficial results,whichitishopedwillprove lasting. The dividend hat not been augmented, but wvill remain at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, it being considered necessary to clear off the suspense account. The report of the WVest-end and Crystal Palace Company states that the directors, in consequence of the monetary pressure during the past six months, have confined the expenditure to such works as could be advantageously proceeded with during the season, but that no circumstance has occurred to induce them to regard the character of the undertaking less favourably than heretofore. Active steps are to be tak;en to secure the payment of the arrears of calls, which on the average have been well responded to. The dlividends on the various classes of the stock- of the St. Helen's Railway range from 21 to 3 per cent., and the traffic on the line exhibits a steady increase. At the East Suffolk meeting the report detailing the contract entered into for the construction of works was carried, and the prospects of revenue are considered satisfactory. The increase in the traffic of the Whitehaven and FRuness line has not been large, but the expenditure exhibits discouraging results, owing to the outlay on Tolling stock. The works of the Border Counties Company have been let in sections, and that from Hexha,m to Barrasford will be first proceeded with. The meeting of the Metropolitan Railway has been adjourned for two months, and the report was not regarded a-s favourable. At a meeting of the North lfestern Company the dlividend of 2s. 3d. per share was carried, and new sources of income have been opened by imeans of the facilities afforded at Morecombe Bay. The dividend declared at the North Devon meeting was at the rate of W. 1is. per cent. per annum on the ordinary shares, and 31. 10s. per cent. per annium on the B shares, and the traffic was stated to have considerably increased since the opening of the Bideford line in November last. The ahareholders of the South Devon Companv have -confirmed the dividend proposed by the directors, and the expenditure on the maintenance of -works has been unusually heavy, from causes which, it is trusted, may be regarded as exceptional. The opening of the Cornwall line is believed likely to create a material alteration in prospects. The report of the West Cornwall Company has been adopted, but a committee has been appointed to investigate its general position. At the }3ideford. Railway meeting the progress of traffic was connmunicated, and its development is being steady proceedled with; The dclividend of the Tale of Neath Company has been declared at the Xate of 4 per cent., and the revenue derived from coal is gradually increasing. It was announced at ahe Thamas Haven meeting that the arrangements with the Tilbury Company have beenz carried into -efect. The shareholders of the Hereford, Ross, .nd Glocester Railway have agreed to a dividend of Zs. per share on the ordinary paid-np shares, and the report has been adopted. 'The prospects of the .Newry, warrrenpoint, and Rostrevor line have m proved now v that it has passed intto te hands of {he directors, and it is anticipated that an arrange- ment will be made wh ththe Nav igatio n Company -which will have the effect o f improving the traffic. At the Oxford, Worcester, and olVverham pton mneeting the repot -was received and entered upon the minutes, the dividend declared on the first preference shares, and a committee appointed to inrvestigate and consult Oi l the best means of raising money. Althoug h the accounts of the North and South WesternJunction Companyexhibit suacient to pay a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent., it was considered inexpedient to cdvide more thlan 5 per cent. The traffic of the line is progressively increasing, and it is alleged that there is an expectation of the route aoiW indsor, in connexion with the South Western Bailway, being again opened . The T aff Vale dividend, at the rate of 71 per cent. per annum, has been declared, and the extensions are approaching comp etion. The dividend of the Lancashire and and Yorkshire Railway will be at the rate of 41. 5s.' per cent. per annum, leaving a s mplus of 4 ,6111 *. to be carried forward. The report of the Monldands, Company is considered favourable. A dividend at the rate of 6r per cent. lIas been declared, nan thte branches havebeen co mpleted -within the estiiates. At the Dublin and Whcklowv meeting the balance of revenue (4,1301.) has been carried t o the credit bf the MIcet half-yearly account, and the directors notice that their relationis with the Dublin and Kings - town Company are not in an encouraging position. The didend of the Dundalk and Enniskillen Rail- -nl abse enee o f proprietors the ordinary business could not'be pro-. ceeded with. The dividends recommended by the. directors of the North-Eastern Railway have been carried, and the accounts Shlow an increase in receipts and a diminution in expenditure. A divi- dend has been declared by the South StaffordshireCompany at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, anc& the report has been adopted. Further capital is to be raised on account of the Cannock and Norton - branches to maintain faith with the lessee. The dividends of the Blyth and Tyne Company are atthe rate of 10 and 9 per cent., the revenue continu-: ing to e.xhibit a considerable increase. According to. the report of the Dublin and Droghleda Railmay'; the divideiid proposed is at the rate of 41 per cent. per annum. The dividends of the Great NQrthern Company have been confirmed at the rates recommended in the report, and the conduct. of, the directors met with special approval.. .The--North London dividend is at the rate of 2 per.cent. for the half-year, but the revenue has lately suffered through depressioii in the passenger traffic. At the Buckinghamshire meeting the guaranteed dividend, at the rate of 4 per cent., was agreed to, - and some discussion took place with respect to the alterition in fares by the London and North-Western board. It is thought that the Mid-Kent line will be opened early next year, and it is still believed that the entire cost of the undertaking Will be covered by the capital. The accounts of the Biull and Efolderness Railway show a dividend of 4 per cent., Which it is proposed shall be declared, and the directors intimate that they have entered into a satisfactory contract for the maintenance of the permanent way. The report of the South Yorkshire Company is encouraging, the mineral, traffic especially exhibiting an increase. After paying guaranteed charges, the available surplus will allow a distribution at the rate of 3S per cent. per annum. The dividend of the Dundee, Pertb, and Aberdeen Junction wfll be at the rate of 1 per cent. OR the ordinary stock, and the financial affairs of the company are now considered to be placed on a more stable footing. The revenue of the Blackburn Company exhibits no improvement compared with several preceding half-years, a variety of causes preventing its development. The two principal aie tlle arrangements of the Lancashire and Yorkshire for trafic and the general state of the money-market. The directors of the Dublini and Belfast Junction Company recommend a dividend at therate of 5 per cent. per annum, the net receipts exhibiting a favourable result. The Wiesbaden Railway Company have advertised an issue of 8 per cent. preference shares for 100,0001. to complete the line to Rudesheim, which is thus expected to be opened in the spring, its entire cost being less than 13,0001. per mile. The bill for theImperialElotelCompany,Trafalgarsquare, is to come on for a second reading on Monday evening. The removal of the. National Gallery being contemplated, the architectural improvement from occupying'its site by a public building suitable for the locality would, it is alleged, be very great. With raspect to the necessity for some undertaking of the kind, and the fact that it is only by a jointstcck company that it can be accomplished, there is apparently no difference of opinion. The specie airivals of. the week have consisted only of a few insignificant sums. The exports are estimated at about 150,0001. or 200,0001. - The annexed information with respect to the progress of Ernglish mining adventure is -condensed from the Mining Jourrnail::- "t The mining-market opened with a dull and heavy appearance this week, and for some days a very little business was transacted, except in a few descriptions, a demnnd for which had been created by reported improvements. Tovards the close of the week notices of further discoveries were received, which caused a more general inquiry, and the quotations showeed in consegXuence a greater degree of firm. ness. During February dividends on 20 British mines have been paid to the extent of 36,7301. At Wheal Margaret meeting the accounts showed a balance of 9531. ; a dividend of 81. was declared, leaving to credit 571. At East Pool meeting the accounts showed a balance to next account of 3171.; a dividend of 21. l0s. per share was declared. At Bedford United meeting the accounts showed a balance in favonr of the mine of 1,8491.; a dividend of 5s. per share vas declared. At South Tolgus meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand of 81. At East Wheal Tolgns meeting the accounts showed a balance due from adventurers of 5111. At West Wheal Towan meeting! the accounts showed a balance due from adventurers of 2121. At Wheal Arthur meeting the accounts showed a -balance in favour of the mine of 7941. At Callington meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3881.; a call of lOs. per share was made. At Great Work meeting the accounts showed a balance to next account or i,OSst. At Wheal Enys meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 3,0851.; a call of 21. 17s. 9d. per share was made. At Great Sortridge Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3901. At Wheal Bal meeting the accounts for three months, ending December, showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 141. At lNorth Pool meeting the accounts showed a balance against adventurers of 2581. At Mixon Great Consols meeting the accounts showed abalanceagainst themineofl,9121.; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Wheal Zion meeting the accounts showed a balance in hand to the credit of the company of 287.; a call of 3s. per share was made. At East Gunnis Lake and South Bedford Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2151. - a call of 5s. per share was made. At Wheai Evelyn meeting a call of 21. per slhare was made. At WhealTryphena meeting the accounts showved a balance agaist the mine of 5761. It was agreed to wind up. At West Par Consols meeting the acwounts showed a balance against the mine of 5G21. ; a call of Is. per share was made. At Tees Side meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 2721.; a call of hs. 3d. per share was made. At Wheal Agar Meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 3171. ; a call of 5s. per share was made. At Pennance Consols meeting it was proposed and carried that the mine should in future be worked on the strict cost-book system; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was made. At Tavy Consols meeting the accounts showed a balance aggainst adventurers of 4081.; a call of 2s. per share was made." Witlh regard to foreign mining the following is the only paragraph of interest:- " At La Fortuna Mining meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 4,4411.; a call of 10s. per shaae was made. At Port Royal and St. Andrew's Copper Mining Company meeting tlle accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 2,1681. At Fort Bowen Gold meeting the total amount of additional capital required, 5,WJ1., was subscribed." The subjoined account of the Manchester markets during the past month is fromn Messrs. Robert Barbour and Brother:- "An average amount of business has been done during the past month, both in yarns and manufactured goods. Spinners in general are well engaged at fair prices, but manufacturers find it impossible to obtain an advance corresponding to the enhanced value of the raw materiaL Stocks have not accumulated, and prices generally show a small advance on the rates current at the end of January. It is, how ever, evident that the beneficial ef'ects arising from the prospects of peace have been anticipated, as the market has not been so active during the last week or two. The accounts from Calcutta and Bombay, being unsatisfactory, have had a decided influence on trade here. The Levant buyers have been likewise curtailing their operations, but the Canadians, as well as some of the South American merchants, havebeen conlsiderable purchasers. The homie trade is also in a more satisfactory position, and the dealers are laying in stocks in the ex-pectation of a good sring demand. T'he cotton - market has had an upward tendency, and the advance in the most current qualities, since the beginning of the year, is now equal to abeut td. to Q . per lb."
RAILWAY AND MINIYG SH1ARES. - Saturday Evening.~ Tlle railway-market was generally quiet to-_day, with a moderate amount.of business. In some casees the extreme quotations were not altogether supp6itWd. -Australian lan,d and banking shares exhlfbited steadiness, but the transactions were limited; Canada land 'closed( 128 to 133, and Crystal Palace, -2o tt,. -- Ottoman Bank were - to j premiun; Alliance, I discount to par; and WVestern Metropolitan BaiL-, 1 premium; Bank of Egypt shares impr6ved to 1 to 2 premium. It is understood the directors of tihis company are endeavouring to trace ,the fabricators of the false telegraphic notice of yesterd,ay from Alexandria, with a view to their public exposure. An example of the kind would prove salutary. ORDINAR~Y 811RES AND) STOCES.
I YDIAN - PBIZE ESSA Y. TO THE EDITOi OF THIE TtX-ES. Sir,-For the information of " Indus Junior," I have the satisfaction of stating that the liberai founder of the prize, so far from limiting the competition to the universities, has directed that it should be open to all the world. I hope inma fewv days to be provided wvith papers of par ticular conditions and instructions, which I shall then have mnuch pleasure n tmansnitting to any one wvho may apply for I am. vours faitxhfi,n ERNEST HAWEIITS. 79 Pall-naaL, March L
CRYSTAL PALACE.-FIVE SHILLUTo DAY, Saturday, March I.-Addmissions on paymnent, 200 ; ditto by seasontickets, 1,764. Totalvisitors, 1,961. [Advertisement.]-"Scottish Heroes in the Days of WNalace undBruce,"bytho Rev.Alc4randerLoxv, ,2.-IL, 2vols., justpublis'aed. " Scotland's struggles for her libarty under Wallace and B.-ucs formoneof thenostt romantic episodes in the history of that country. Rich in eventsand exlhbiting humcan character in sharo and strikisin outlines, the tale of the two great Scottish latr.ots, andtheir heroic follower-, requires no great ornamnent of diction to render it interestlng. Butthc rvyiterofthepresentvoluiesdoes fuol justiee to his subject. Lucid in hisnarrative, careftul in the authentication of his facts, and spirited in lds tone, he commands the attertion of the reader, whon ne forcibly carries along with him through tihuesand scenes in which the noblest as veU as the sternest qualitiesof the national character of the Scotch had ample scope for their development. To the student of Scottish history these volumes will prove invaluable, as excllentguides to the period which they illustrate."-John BulL [Advertisement.]-The New Novels.-Now ready at all thelibraries. 1. "OunrOwnStry," bySel!naBunbury. "Thisinteresting tale is not only a highlyentertaining but an exceedingly instrutive andimproinDgbojk.k"John Bul. "A heautifulstory-of love. sorrow, andpaictece. The book is one towhich the reader may recur a-,dn and again with undiminished interest."-Britannia. 2. "The Lady of Fashi-n," by tho Author of " The History of a Flirt'" &c.. 3vols. " A most entertaining noveL."-Literary Gazette. 3. "Madeline Clare," by Colburn 31ayne, Esq.. 3 vols. 4. "Olive HasUngs," by AMrs. Parry. 3vols. "Very agreeable reading."-Examiner, 5. "Ieura Gray." 2 vols. " A briUiant and animated noveLY-Post. e. "tachel Gray," by Miss Kavanab. 1 vol. " A chanming and touching story."Athen.-eum. Also just ready, "Margaret and her Bridesmnaids." by the Athor of "Woman's Devotion." 3vols. Hurst and Blackett. publishers, successors to Henry Collura. [Advertisement. -Price One Shilling.-" Was Lord Cardiga a Hero at Baladsla v "-Verbatim from the guinea edition ot "`tyan'sLUves of our Heroesof theCrimea." 11"dueeffortshaving been made to deter hooksfalersyrom supplying this most extraordinary memoir, the puolic are hereby informed that a shilling and postagehead, enclosed in an envelope, addressed to the publishers, will secure its delivery in any part of the united kIngdom. Poitage stamps not tat-en in payment. London, James Field and Co.. 12, Beaufortbuildings, Strand. The author is determined to use every effort to obtain a thorough investigation by th Mlilitary Commission now appointed of the char"es containedin this bool. rAdvertisement.-Captain Marryatts Novels.-Cheap |Eition.-George Routledge and Co. have much pleasure in amnouncing that they have purchased the copyright of Captain Psarryatt's novels and that they intend issuing, on the 15th of March, " Peter Simple, by Marryatt, price ls. d, boards; to blc followed monthly by theother equaly popular works of this celebrated author, justly styled tho "Smolietof the 15th eentury." On the 15th of Mlarch will therefore be ready, pnce Is. 6d., boards, "Peter Simple." by Captain Marryatt, Orderss hould immediately be fonrarded to al booksellers. London, George Routledge and Co., Farringdon-street. IAdvertiscment.]-" Walk-er's Dictionary," by Dr. Xuttall, price 2s. bound, is just the bool; that was much wanted (no wonder 18,000 copies have been sold of It in a few months), for it contains 2,000 new words omitted in most cheap dictionaries-and the pronunciation is distinctly shown by each wrord being re-spelt as pronounced. It also contains an English Grammar, Rules for Addressing Persons of Rank,a Chronological Table to thepresent Time, and Hales fair the Pronunciation of the most impotu nt Europeau langD3ges-French, German, Dutch, D.ni.b, Spanish, Porto . pose, M.odern Greck,-au Alphabetical List of Cities, Towns, and oroughs, avith distances from London. It is, in fact, a perfect Treasury of Knuowledge. It will be forwarded, free by post, on receipt of 23 postage stamps. London, George Routledge and Co., Farrmgdon-street. [Adlvertisement.].Now ready, tle "M mercantile and Maritime Guide," by G-raham Wilimore, Dsq.. A.M', one of Her Majesty's Counsel, and Edwin Beedei, Esq., of Herb. ajesty's CustUnis, T,cudon (author of " The British Tari,ff F). Forning olne large volume of 1.2G0 pages. Price 25s. cloth. Contents:-The Consoxlated ZMerchant Shipping Laws, with Introductory Obscrvations and Practical C. mments on the If ew System of Admeasnurenent anid Registry, and on the Uort0go and Transfer of Ships-Treatises on 3fercantile and Maritime Lavr, explaining the Rlights. Duties, Obligations, and Liabii5ties of Owners and Mliasters of Ships, fMerchaunts Ageuls, Bro' kers, ft.; Blockade, Bottorsry, Marine Insurance, Carriage of Goods in Ships, Stoppage in traniptu, Bills of Exchlnge. &e.-The NeMw Peasecngers' Act-P'ijotage Rates-Charges on Shipping at each Port in the 'nited Ylngdom - heLaws, Iegulatinus, and Duties of Customs and Island Revonue-Tabtes of Customs'Duties at every British PossessicnAbroad-A Synopsis of Customs' Bonds. follouwed by Practical Information of the greatest importance-The Warehouising Ports and their Bonling Privileges-A Correct List of all the Ports and Principal P:aees of Shipment throughout the World. distinguishing the Countries to which they are subjeet; also an Alphabetical List of the principal Articles usually Imported, with a concise llescrii,tiou thereof-Tables of the MoneZs, Yei0hts, Measures, and Exchauges of every NationBritish and horeigis Corn Tables, containin g Coran M!easures of the different Ports of Europe, &c..-iththeir Equivalelts in EnglishQuarters, &a.-ComPorat.e Bates of Freights, at lier tonupeer ,uarter-Baltic and Archangel Freights calculated to the fraction or Whe3t, }1emp, and Wocol, tallow being the stand.ard, &ce. Priste,1 and pblisied by lVilliam Mt-ac'enrzie. 42i and 4?, Howrard-street, (lla.rouw* 32, Chathamstlest, ISverpool; 18, Pritcard-street. St. Paul's, Bristol- 2, Catliolstreet, foeacatle; 5, Clerk-street, Edinburlgh; 22, raternoster-cow., [Advel-Lisenent.]-.' Boy's Owitn Magazine." 2d., for Mp.rch. Contains:-The (:old 'Beetle. a tile, by Edgar Poe. illustated by Bir cet Foater-Ancient British Hiunters, by Thomas Miller, illustrated by Porcth-Lucien Bonaparte, wvith portrait-Lost in tho Marsh -the Magrci>anu of l{o4ykurk on MIeteors - A Ship's Rigging Dlscihnd, wiith sketch of a manl-ot-war-1',ore MleiersEFses,iZFrsciesa nd PhenomePa-.sl atliematical Questions. "Boy s Ownu Maogaine," Set monthly, ns ost caref ill-, edited, andl is'respectfullry commceurled to the attisotion. of all Parents:mni heads of families as a pulblication for youth rrhich wvill amuse wvithout corrupting, and informu vvithout bvr.ng. London (, 0 Boston, 18, Bcaverie-street,
.RArIWAYJrJJT IG.XI . E . . CADDONIAU :A.D1DMBARTONSER-' . - The report of the directors of this company ststes that the revenue for the half-year ending the 31st of January last amounted to 6,721L the woring expenses to 2,6161L and the interest on ioans to 8381., leaving a balance of 3,266l Out of this sum the directors recommtend a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum. 'T'he gross receipts show an increase of 385L over those of the corresponding period of 1855.c GLAS(OW AN]D SOUTE-WESTERN'. The directors of this company recommend the payment of a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum for the halfyear ending the 31st of January last. ' EDMIBUi:GH AND GLASGOW. The half-yearly meeting of this company vas held in Glaegow on Thursday, Mr. Henry Dunlop in the chair. The report stated that the receipts now included those of the Stirling and Dunfermline Railway, both for the halfyear ending the 31st of January last and the correspondrint period of. 1855. The receipts for passengers amounted -to' 63,1341., and for the coreronding period of 1855 to 58,78R showg an increase of 4, 501. 'lereceipts:for goods, parcels, and mails amountedto 67,061L, and for the corresnonding period to 70,46SL, showing a decrease of 3,407L, which, deducted from 4,350/., increase from passengers, showed the actual increase to be 943L Competitive rates were charged during the whole period of the past half-year and during 16 weeks of the corresponding half-year ending Sanuary, 1855. The -working.expenZas. consumed a large ' per-- centage of the receipts, as the traflic had been carried on at very low and unremunerative rates. The net balance of revenue, after payment of rents and provision for 5 per cent. dividend on the 5 per cent. preference stock, amounted to 23,253Lj from which the directors - commended a dividend at the rate of 21. per cent. per annuin, and that the balance. of 1,019L'be added to the rest. The branch to Sighthill' has been finished and in use from the 1st of February. The board has concluded a satisfactory arrangementwith the Scottish Central, by which this company I grants it for ten years the use of a goods shed on a siding of this line, for all the goods coming to Glasgow, at the fixed payment of 2,000L a-year. It agrees to work these goods from Greenhill junction by its ovn trains and at its own expense, paying a toll of Is. 4d. per ton. The report alludes to the landable exertions of a Manchester. committee of shareholders, consisting of Mr. Hadfield, MLP., Mr. Bruckshaw, and Mr. Joynson-to bring about a settlement of differences between the Caledonian and Edinburgh and Glasgow Company, and axpresses a hope that the exertions of those gentlemen might prove sue- cessful, and that there be no longer an occasion to chargeonly 2s; first-class and Is. second-class from Edinburgh to GIasgow. The capital account showed that 3,460,760L had been received and 3,426,4821 expended, leaving a balance of 34,278L The revenue account for the half-year ending the 31st of January showed that 134,2401. had been received and 66,5541. expended, leaving a balance of 67,6861. Fronm this was deducted 24,456. interest on loans, 4,12oL dividend on Stirlingshire stock-, 4,750 rent of Edinburgh and Bathgate Railw ay, and 10,4001. set aside to meet rent of the Srtirlia and Donfermhine Rlailwvay, Ieaving a balance of 2d3,iJo5i applicable to drvidend upon 2,214,5S41. of consoli- The CHsAumua, in moving the adoption of the report, stated that a peace had been concluded between the Edin- burgh and Glasgow and the Caledonian, which he hoped, would be satisfactory and of long daration. The terms of the peace were not quite concluded, these being left to the arbiter. Both companies had concurred in the appointment of one arbiter, and, within certain limits, he would decide what belonged to each of them, The arrangement provided that, as formerly, there should be a joint purse for the two lines. Both companies -were to work their respective lines, and the net revenue was to be divided between the two companies. The precise scale of division vas not yet determined, tbis being left to the arbiter, Mr. Houldsworth, of Coltness, who resided in Manchester, and -was formerly chairman of the Yorkshire and Lancashire Rlailway. He trusted there would be no renewal of such warfare, and that both companies would be left to -work out their respective lines tothebestoftheirabilitv. There would beagreatsaving inthewofkingexpensesnowthatthe coinpanes were working in harmony. It was evident that the working expenses must bear a very high proportion when the rates for passengers and goods wvere so very low, and when they had to ran duplicate trains. Both parties had now an equal desire and interest in the reduction of the -working expenses. They were under a deep obligation to the three gentlemen from Lancashire who had brought about the amicable arrangement to which he had referred. After some observations with respect to free passes, and the non-attendance of one English director at the board, the report -was adopted, and the retirmg directors were reelected. The meeting then separated. LANCASTER AND LVERSTONE. The half-yearly meeLin- of this coiupany was held on Tuesday at Ulverstone - J. Brogden in the chair. The report stated that during the past half-year 19,827Z. had been received on capital account, and 28,4401. expende I on the works, which have made considerable progress. Owing to the difficult state of the money-market the directors -would not be able to open the portion of the railway between Carnforth and Arnside-a length of six miles-before niidsmmner. The CnLuRAx4, in moving the adoption of the report stated that the directors were using every exertion to get the line finished as expeditiously as possible. Mr. S. JAcisSox expressed great satisfaction at the stability of the works. On the motion of the CEArnsraL the report was adopted, and after some formal businessthe meeting separated. SOMERSET CENTRAL. The half-yeariy meetmg of proprietors was held on Friday at Glastonbury, Mr. G. Warry in the chair, he report stated that the sum received from the Bristol and Exeter Railway Company for rent of the line to the 31st of December last, less income-tax, amounted to 1,7734, and the income derived from other sources to 2317, showing a total receipt of 2,0044 on revenue account to the end of the past half-year. The disposable balance of the revenue ccount, includingthe balance of 324 from the 30th of June, 1855, a3nounn-ed to the suns of 1,5861., and the directors recommended a dividend at the rate of 4 per cent. per annum, lees income-tax, which would leave a balance of 2791. to the credit of the current half-year. Additional sidings and wIarves were alsoproposedto be constructed at Highbridge. After some discussion, resolutions -were passed adopting the report .ad declaring the dividend. The meeting then separated. EASTERN COUNTIES. A mecting of shareholders in this company was held on Saturday, at the Green Dragon Hotel, Bishopsegate-strect, to hear explanations from r. ;2orrison, one of the candidates for the office of director. Mr. MoRi0sox explained that, if elected, his first object would be to remove whatever obstacles might be in the way of closing the capital account. He wouild maintain the permanent way, works, and rolling-stock in the most efficient state to secure the public safety, adopt a complete system of accounts, and endeavour to make the railway a solid dividend-paying concern. He would enter upon his duties without fear or favour, and conduct the affairs of the company on commercial principles. In conclusion, he stated that hoe was a railway reformer, and entirely opposed to the systemiof management that had been heretofore adopted on the Eastern Counties Railway. The meeting then separated. BLYTH AND TYNE. The annual meeting of this company was held in the offices, T ewestle.on-lyne, on Thursday, M1r. John Carr in the chair. An abstract of the report has appearedcinI27sM Twim7es. The CHAiR=-;L, in moving the adoption of the report, congratulated the shareholders upon the increase of revenue. He said that after the directors had completed the laying down of tho double line of rails, and had finisbed the erection of the new workshops and staiths, they might expect a considerable decrease in the worldng expenses. The report was agreed to; and dividends to the 31st of December, 1855, of 11. 5s. per share on' each preference share, of 11. 2s. 6d. on each ordinary share, and ls. 10.d on each extension share (being equal to 9 per cent. on the money paid up) were declared. MIr. Carra n Mr. L L. Bellwere re-elected directors, and MIr. Main auditor. The proceedings then concluded. LLANIDLOES AXD NEWTOWN. On Thursday the half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Illanidloes, M1r. G H. RIhalecy in the chair. The directors' report, afterstatingthat several of the landowners along the line had agreed to take the value of their land in shares, while others had consented to receive annual renteharges in lieu of parchase-moneys, proceeded to narrate the gratifying circumstances connected -with the cutting of the first sod, which took place on the 3d of October las'. The directors had resolved upon making a second call of II. per share, payable on the 2d of ApriL A bill had been introduced into . larliament by the directors for the purpose of smakmng deviations intheline, by swhich the railway will be improved and the expenses of construction diminished. An extension of time for the purchase of lands and construction of the railway was also onc of the objects of the bill. The CHnURAs-r, in moving thle adoption of the report, stated that the works wvere progressing very satisfactorily, and the line would be completed within the engineer's estimate It was intended to have the line ready for opening by the time the Oswcstry and Newtoivn should be completed. It could be made sooner, but he thought no advantage w.-ould be gained by hastily completing the works before a ihoronga communication could be had by means of the Oswestry and Newtoun line to london and the manufacturing districts of the north. The report was adopted, and the proceedings terminated wvith a vote of thanks to the chairman. IRESH RAILWAY RETURNS. r.AE Ul rO TlHE nlc5PZ VZ DATES AS UNnDX= 1856. 1655 Namne of 1dlway. .i . d. . , d. Belfast and Ballsena, Feb. 23 -. .. 8910 S .. c05 0 7 BelfastandCountyDoavn. Feb.24 .. 217 9 3 . 195 7 0 Cork and Bandon, Feb. 23.. .. 21714 4 11710 8 Corlk, Blacn-oek and Passage, Feb. 23.. 186 8 5 83 7 3 Subscription .1. .0. . . . 610 Dablinaud BelfastJniction, Feb.24 .929 16 8 748 5 6 InterestNaanBranch . . .. 16S190 - 0 90 0 0 Dublin and Drogheda, Feb.24 .. 1,242 0 21 '.. 1,135 s1 lI Dublinand Xingstomwn, Feb. 2G .. 663 10 3 ., 457 11 11 DublinandWicldow. reb.23 .. 2851611 112 5 2 Dundalk and Eniisie-len, Feb. 24 .. 237 2 4 .. 218 10 2 Great Southern and Western, Feb.23 5,652 0 2 4,EOS 19 7 rish South-Eastern, Feb. 23 .. .. 199 3 6 29914 1 Killrny Jrunction, Feb. 23 - .. 29814 4 .. 15314 4 Londonderyy and Enblsldflea, Feb. 23,. 537 19 3 436 19 it Midland GreatWestern, Feb. 28.. .. 3,13515 9 2.367 7 10 Ulster Railway, Feb. 24 .. . . 1,105 4 4 1,150 12 0 Waterfordardienny, Feb.23 25519 9 263 3 3 WaterfordandlLieeriv, :Feb2 .2 90219 31S,; 113 1
METBOPOLrTAN BOARD OF WOBK. On lFiiday a special meeting of the Metropolitan Boird of Works was held in the Council Chamber, Guildha!L] Mr. Thwaites, the chainnan, presiding. STATE OF THE CASH AOCOVNT. From a statement laid before the board it, appeared that the available balance beloning to the board at the lnaion BRank of London was 22,033Lf. 16s. 3d., and the amount of the deposit account 20,000 ; mnaking the total balance at that bank 4%033. 16s. 3d. The balance in hand at the London and Westminster Banlk, on the 21st of February was, 3,3281. 4s. l0d., maldng a total general balace of 45,362L Is. ld. STATE OF PIUBc 3 utht. The CHARIEAN rose for the purpose of cilng the xtt; tion of the board to the state of public business. He said, that having now arrived at a period when, for the present at least, they had oompleted their staff of officers, in the selection of whom they had eerdsed the greatest care and attention, the mindn of the pubic, as well as of individual members of the hoard, were aturallydrawntotheconsidera. tion of the actual state of the worlks confided to their charge. He hoped that the preliminary departments, dificult an delicate as they had been, mnight be considered as satisfactorily disposed of, and that they had now arrived at a period of t-heir history when they were irepared and ready to enter upon the execution of the works intrusted to them with zeal and energy. They had had scheduled to them as the Metropolitan Board of Works, a large number of sewers, extending to probaby from 120 to 135 anile<-, and those, too, of the largest character. He felt that in takdig charge of works of such importance they should be furnished with every means of knowing the nature of those works, their present state of repair, and, indeed, of every circumstance connected with them. Ee would, therefore, suggest to the board, that it would be well for the engineer to draw up a description, iving- aeneral account of them, their dimensions, the materials of which they were comnposed, the state of their repair, &c., illustrated with a plan or map showing the course of each, with longitudinal and cross sections, so drawn up and a as to afford facilities for reference. Another considerationx to which he would caUl attention, was the power of thee board under the 138th section of their act. That section. gave the Metropolitan Board power to make orders for controling vestries and district boards as to the levels, construction, alteration, and maintenance, and cleansing of sewers in their respective parishes and districts. At. present no bylaws had been framed, though some -were already in draught, and would shortly be submitted by the: committee for .doption. It was highly important thatz this matter should have very early attention, and also that. as little delay as nossible should take place inr th'e regu1lations to be promulgated in reference to ippeals. There was another iulportant question to which he ias desirous of calling their attention, and that was with respect; to the jobbing contracts. The outstanding rates of the old' Commission of Sewers were in course of collection, and the summonses issued by the board would doubtless facilitate their payment, andl as they were received they vould from tlime to time be appledin discharging the'liabilities of their predecessors. The boardbhad also had handed over tothemn, as another legacy from the old commission, certain "Improvement itates." It appeared that the Commissioners of Sewves were in the habit of making privateo arrangemenits with individual proprietors for the improvement of their premises by drainage, and spreading the cost of the improvement over a series of years, vang according to circumstances. A number of those liabilities wrere still outstanding. Most members of the board were aware that the AttorneyGeneral had introduced into the House of Comnmons a bill to explain and amend (very significant terms) the Metronolis local MrLanagement Act . It was desirable that the atteition of the board should be drawn to that bilL The accounts of the late commission were now in the hands cf the accountant, and he was preparing a return wlich would. shortly be laid before the board, so that they would be ableto see clearly the extent of their liabilities, and to takesteps for their diseharge. The board had also a number oE contracts handed down to them from that body, and it appeared, fromna return -which had just been printed, and which hon. members could now have copy of, thatfor sewers commenced by the late commission, and m progress at the present time, the original contracts. amounted to 14.5,9341., and that it -would require to finish such works, the Sm of 45,882e. The return frorm which he qYotedwa,s drawn up in a tabular form, and would afford mue Iinformation to the board. The committee toi report upon the daties of the board under the Building Act had held its first sitting, and -would bring up its report with certainrecomrm.endations requiring immediate attention. It was quite clear that the two chief duties of theboard related to the main drainage and aboveground improvement of the metropolis; and he apprehended that. while the former woald call for their special and prompt. consideration, it would, nevertheless, in the feeling and opiion of members of the board, in some measure go hand-- in-hand with the latter. (Eiear, hear.) After a few remarks on the order of discussion at theboard, the Clhairman concluded by expressing a hope that their career would beone of great usefuilness, and a practical denial of the ac=sations which even already had oeen whispered against them (Hear, hear.) THE BU\K OF LONDON AND TIE BOARD. The Secretary read a further report from the committeem on the salaries and duties of officers, which recommended. that the comnmon seal be affixed to the deed between thes board and the Bank of London, relatire to the securitr given by the Bank for the faithful execution of the office oVJ Treasurer to the board; that the 'Union Bank of London be required to pay over the funds ia their hands, lately belonging to the Metropolitan Commissioners of Sewers, andr now vested in this board, to the Bank of l;ondon; that the chainran of the board, who had acted as temporary treasurer, be requested to pay over to the Bank of London such moneys as he had received on account of the hoard; that the six members of the late Metropolitan Commissioners. of Sewers, in whose names certain Exchequer-bills andmoneys now stand at the Banl of England, be requested totransfer the same to six members of the present board, tc. be appointed by the board, to hold the sane as trustees; and that the monevs and securities of the board at the Bank of England stand in the names of thb chairman of theboard, and Messrs. Offor, Turner, Nicholay, H. L. Taylor, and Harrison, members of the board. The report having been received, a discussion took placeupon the severld recommendations. Ultimately the whole were adopted, with the exception of the substivution of the: name of Mr. Harris, of Southwark, as one of the trustees, in the place of Deputy Harrison. COIMiTTEE OF WORKS. Mr. WRIGHT nominated the following members to serve, on this committee, viz. :-Messrs. Hall, Atkins, Collinson Carpmael, Doulton, Hunt, Wright, Dixon, Chalmers. Dennis, Barnett, Turner, D'Iffanger, Moreland, and Bevan, and they were severally elected. CONSTITUT1IOY OF THE BOARD. On the motion of Deputy HARP.IsoN, it was reforred to. the By Laws Coimnittee to consider and report upon the. provisions of the bill introduced into the House of Commons; bvthe Attorney-General for amending theMetropolis Local Management Act. CLAIMdS FOR COMPE-N'SATION. A report from the committee appointed to consider this. subject was brought up and read. It contained recommen.- dations which gave rise to a discussion, and ultimately an amendment was adopted-" That it be referred back to the, committee for them to recommend the proper course to boadopted." HETROPOLMrTIN IMPROVEmIETS. Mr. WILKINSON moved, " That in order to enable the board to decide what particular improvements in the thoroughfares of the metropolisare most pressing with regard to the public convenience, thesuperintending architectimmediatelyprepare and lay beforethe board a statement comprising al the projects for metropolitan improvements reconimended by the Metropolitan. Improvement Conmmission, or by committees of the House of Commons, and that they be laid down -upon one of the large-size skeleton Ordnance maps; that the chairman be. requested to communicate with the President of the Board of Works and other authorities to obtain the necessary faci3ities for carxying out the foregoing resolution." Mr. BUnSLEm seconded the motion. Mr. CORRIE moved, and Mr. HA-wEs seconded, as an amendment, to refer all questions of metropolitan improvemients to the Committee of Works. A very protracted discussion ensued and led to the rejection of the originel motion, after which other amenements. weere proposed; and at length, on the proposition of Deputy EAxsRRISON, it was agreed to defer the consideration of the' subject for a fortnight. ENCLOSURE OF IHA1eTSTED-rIEJkTHL Mr. TURNER deferred his motion on this subject till the! next meeting of thle board, when he said a menmorial would be preranted, and a deputation from the inhabitants wouldl attend to support it. IISIPROVEATENTS IN SOUTHWARM. On the motion of Mr. DREW it was resolved, " That itbe referred to the Finance Committee to inquire and report whether any, and what funds, exist for efiecting improvements in Southwark and its vicinity, and wvhat are the trusts5 upon which such funds are held." FUTU'RE OFFICES OF THE BOAiRD. MIr. SEELEY brought forward a motion upon this subject, but a point of order being raised respecting it he gave the requisite notice for the next Court. NEWV STREET TIOr TUE STRAND TO ST. rAL'S. Mr. HAv-Es broug't forward his motion on this subjee,; but ultimately withdrewv it with the intention of subrmitting it to the board -when the general question of metropolitan improvements was brought on. SAw.lAP.IES TO OFFICERS. A discussion arose ona motion by Mr. SvAAGE to increase the salaries of the second and third clerks in tho engineer's department, and it was agreed that the third clerk's &saary should be raised from 100'. to 101. THlE HETROPOLITAN BUILDING ACT. A report from the committee appointed to consider the duties of the board under the Building Act wvas brought up and read. After the transaction of some routine business the board adjoumed.
T1IE ThISH ECmsiASTicA Co=ssioN.-Tho report of this Coninmission for the year ended the 1st of August, 1855, states that at the usual meeting in December, 1844. 36,30MI. was appropriated to church .works, including 24,9171. for repairing churches, 3,750?. for the re. building of churches, and 3,0501. for the erection of new district chapels. The aids fronm private contributions amounted to 11,17.5?. The repairs of churclhes continue to engage the anxious attention of the comalissioners-74 benefice becamne vaeant within the year, including li dignities and1 prebends, and 50 parochial benefices. in certain cases-- evident ones of sinecure-ltho commissioners reconunended the suspension of the appointments, .nd the reconamenda., tion wvas adopted by the Lord-Lioutenant in Council, ann confirmed on the appeal of certain parties interested, who were left to assert their rights, if auy, before a legal tri, bunal. Appointments to two benefices (Bordwell and M1I. molash) were suspcnided, because divine service had not been celebrated within three years ending thelst of Fe. bhuary, 1833. The reesipts of the Conmission for the TeaX, amounted to 141,815?., and the disbursemlents to 131,2.Io. leaving a balance in bank at the end of last July amounting, to 10,585?.
IBELAND. THE IRISH -JUDIO -BENCH. I (FROM OUR OWN CORDSrONfEXT, DUBLIU, SATUrDAY MORIN-G. flopting the hints thrown out by one of the I IDublim journals, the grand jury of the county of Iongford, recently assembled at Sprinig Assizes, unanimously agreed to present addreses of condolence to the three venerable judges Pennefather, Torrers, and Lefroy, whose great ages and alleged Infirmities formedthe groundwork of Sir J. Shelley's Iecent motion ilL the Rouse oI Cnmmois. Abstracts of these documnents were forwarded by telegraph on iFriday night, but in justice to all the parties (the sy thizers and the obsect -of their sympathy) it so dbe, perhaps, the best course to publish the t1rhole without curtailment. The-followting is the - address, wshich will, doubtless, be the model for sinilar manifestations on the part of other grand juries_ " To the Hon. Barin Pennefather andi the Hon. Judge "W, Torrens, Judges of Assize. W,the High SheriHf and grand jury of tho county of Wosifrd, assembled at Lent A ssi7es, 18i6, haning read with deep pain and regret the observations made in -Parliamaent zo three distinguished members of the Irish bench in ?ieir5udicialcapacity, takcethis opportunity of expressing ou1rhih sense of their intellectual powers, and our tinslimimshed confidence in their impartiality, ability, and *4ute discernment. "'Ha-viug,, for a long series of years, been repeated wi'eaxeses of the just, clear, and able manner in which your Lsordships and the R.ight Hon. the Chief Justice-the three members of the judicial bench referred to-have dischlarged your-onerouls and innEortant duties as jlodges of masize, we tender to you and to his Lordship the e.xpression of ou;r unnitered confidence, respect, and sympathy, and of our ea.rnest hope that yon may be long spared to preside in the judcial Courts of the country, arnd especially at the assizes ef our county, which have been so frequently and so ably presided over by your L;ordahips, and at which the most concluscive evidence has been given to us of your profound awbilities and unquestionable legal attainmnents." REPLY OF BAOXPEMe =NEFATRER. "MJr. High Sheriff, Mr. Foreman, and Gentlemen of the Grand Jury,-I thank you much for your address, evincing as it does youlr an xiety to naintain the independence of the Bench, and giving to me the valued testimony of your. opinion that my abgility and fitness for the discharge of the lugh Kan responsible functions of the situation which. I have iatiThe honour to hold foraperiodof85years, and to whichlI ws L'npointed without any solictation or expressed desire on mvpart, remain unduninislied. "Your wish to see me often as judge of assize inthisE y our county is most grateful to me. It is true that I have soe favoutred with health and strength rarely enjoyed by a person of my years, and that, as faraus I can judge, my mental faculties are undimiinished; but these are blessings hiich no mortal can command the enjoyment of; they are En thte disposal of :Eim wfho orders everythingr for the best. Thec youngest and strongest may at His will be deprived of e.1 that he prnzes most. Atmyage of 821 cannot hope for a very Ion" enjoyment of these blessings;* but I have siready thoughtt that, while the enjoyment of them is permiitted, and so long-and no longer-aslIam able to dischlarge my duties efficiently, and to the satisfaction of the public, I ought to testify my gratitude by a diligent and anious &icharge of these duties, and not cast an increased biurden on that public, which the consequence of my retiremnent would entail- and I cannot help expressing n feeling that it might have bieen left to myself, with such aid from friends as; I might think fit to require, to determine the pernod at which my public life should cease, and that an attempt should not nave been made which nmight have the effect (albeit not successful) to lowsersa judge in public estirIaation, and to inflict, through me, and through my learned, able, and esteemed fniends-the object with me of your address-a wvound on the public administration of justice, w'hich your interference is so well calculated to avert. ' "I have the honour to be, gentlemen, your obedient and obliged servant, PE.EFTE, REPLY OF JUDGE TOnnEN-s " I feel much obliged and gratified at the expression of S'our kind feelings towarads me, as conveyed in the address ItOW ra, and presented to me by your foreman. In comnalin with you, and, I believe, with the well-thinking part of the community, I deplore the late proceedings in the Lower House of Parliament, whereby the independence of {he Irish bench of judges wias so nnconstitutionally assailed. I have, however, the consolation of believing that the result 's7ill disappoint the objects of the promoters of the measure, and that it w-ill ajipear from that result that the Irish beach durng a long senesof years has discharged its various and .onerous duties with diligence, impartiality and fidelity. In confirmation of this my opinion I have the satisfaction of reeiving your recorded testimony as to the manner in which the duties of my offlce have been executed by me, in conjunction with yourselves and predecessors for a long period -ff years, as judge of assize upon this circuit. I feel that this pu blic mark of your continumng confidence in me as an independeait and pub icofficer ismore than an ample compensation orany annoyance I felt at the personal attack levelled against myself individually. '-lI have the honour to be, gentlemen, " Your faithful and mpch obliged humble servant, "ROBEoR TOunefS.." REPLY OP TEE LORD CHIEF JUSTIcE. "LBeeson-street, Dublin, Feb. 26. '"My dear Sir,-I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your 'kind letter, encloscing the copy of anL address to the going l jludges of assizo for the 2;orth-West Circuit from the hig2h Wiieriff and grand jury of the county of Longford, with the gratifying testinmony of their opinion in repect to myself. l'hispublic expression of unabated confidence is the more -alba le as comning from those who, from my residence 2.mong them, possess additional opportunstses of forming a orrect estimate of the justice of the charge, 'ithat age and infirmty had ufittted me for the adequate discharge of the duties of my office.' It is not for me to say with what discretion statements have been made in the House of Commons hicht the official returns,wrhen laid on the table, must utterly fa to establish. But, though I cannot suffer personally, I deeply regret on public grounds that any gentleman izei,tnced as he stated, 'by a regard to the-due administaon of tusticed inireland,' should have taken a course, which, if unfounded, is calculated to bring not only the Judges of the :znd, but the administration of justice itself into contempt. Allowr me again to express my sense of the kindness of your letter, and to subscribe myselfs "Yours, my dear Sir, very faithfully, "To the Secretar LEFROY, Chief Justice. To-theSecrcty of the Grand Jury of the county of Loneford." RE TIPPL RARY JOMN-TOGE BAT E. Every day there are fresh indications of the ruin Gapendiug over the shareholders of the unfortunate aipperary yuank-. There is a wild-spread feelBng of pity for the position of t. James Sadleir, The chief victim of his brother's fraouds, and upoon whose shoulders will fall the full weight of the ssuicide's transqgression. The member for Tipperary s, in fact, ruined man, and it is said that he has akleady broken up his establishment, parted with sn-ants, equipage, fo.o and is prepared to meet with becoming fortitude the sad reverse which has erselly crushed his worldly prospects. In a come - vrhication to his own journal Mr. J. F. Matgire, IntP.e writes a folo ws: "There is scarcely any topic now in the city save that of Joen Sadleer and his Victins. The war itself is a subject of subordinate interest at this moment. Who is the newv -ictim? is now.theIuestion-one, too, that fills many breast aith the most terrile apprehension; for what are securities -what are deeds what are mortgages-that are shares, if they be nothing better than counterfeits? There is no one hIo has had dealings of this nature with him for a longtime -tat has not reason for some doubt. In fact, no language un describo the consternation which the recent disclosures have caused, and which it will take a lone time to diseel fhe shareholders of the Tipperary Bank are to be pitied, but more especially those who have anythlng to lose; for it ia saxidthatnot a fewr of them are persons of no means. If so, those who have means must meet every deficiency. There is eeto more(fearful scres in the whole legal armoury thanthe zstocens now being set in operationu It was under the Joint- blandmding-upActthatthe victims ofthe St. George Companydgotthecoupndograce. nlthatamessedtconcern, not only was all the orgintpronerty, thefullypaidupeapitad , lost, but se eryfazthiag of the debts was squeezed out of thosewhowere 1sble to pay. You lost your tobe . share, oryour 2oshares, as the case might be; and you had to pay up an equal aIount inliabilities. Xor does the list which you published the fher day, as that ofbthe shareholders of the bank, at all represent the whole of those liable; as, according to the law regulatingbanks, a shareholder who has retired sin or 12 nonoths before the smash is as liable as the man who had not transferred his shares up to the last moment. I know -ft there are some people i Ireland, of very prominent standng i the conltry, who are in this -ositon, and who -though not incthe present wis are still liabe. Iobelieve the 3iability continues for so long a period as three years after dehirement. The liabiities of the bank are said to be imense, inasmuch as it had great insuence, and its high rate of interest on deposits offered inducements which it -requitre astomnts ngprudonce to resist. It must have beou She full viewv of the utter ruin which he had brought upon hundreds of families, then reposing in fancied security, that nng from the wretched su icide those words which sound like greens, and look like tears of blood." a The Wtin lening Mail-a bitter and mncom-proniising political opponent of the late Sir Robert ays th\e followsing tibute to the foresight of -that alust;rous statesman, byvwhose conimercial -olicy it is now acknowledged that this country has been saved from some of the worst consequences that would otherwise have inevitably followed upon the downfall of John Sadleir:- " This nmust be said in simple justice to the memory of ::ir Robert Peel, that if he had not set a limit upon banks -cf issue in Ireland the whole country would now be in a -stite of dire distress and commotion through the delin'quencies of MIr. John Sadleir. That reckless speculator -would have found it easier to issue bank-notes in excess of lis lawful number than railway shares or forgeries of deeds. All the fairs of the south and west of Ireland would, therefore, have been inundated with Tipperary paper, which by that means would have obtained general circulation. The ctle-markets and the corn-markets wotdd have been 'rigged' to make up the deficiencies of settlements in 5apel-court. Wool would have ruled high everywhere west of Barrack-bridge, whatever price it might fetch at BradIord. Butter, also, would have met sporting buyers with hIandfuls of ready money in Sadleir's notes. It is fearful to contemplate what a universal smash would have ensued Saon the wind-up of such gigantic operations; from the pffxts of which we must, in comon candour and in grati. tude, confess that the foresight of the late Sir Robert peel preserved us." In reference to the winding-up petition a circular, a copy of which is annexed, was issued calling for a public ieeting of the depositors and creditors of the bank "We, the indersigned, being seveiaUly'professionally concerned for a large oody of the creditors, consider, for obvious reois, that the, vinding-up of tbis' bank should be intrusted to persons having a sabstantial interest in the debts dae to the concern, and who are. independent of, and unconnected with, any of the parties who are or were concei-ned in the management of the bank, or- .who are or may be liable to the creditors, either as shareholders or otherwise. "Wo therefore beg to call a meeting of the depositors and. creditors of said bank, to be held at the Market-house, in the town of Tipperary, on Wednesday, the 27th day of Fe. bruary, 1856, at 12 o'clock at noon, to consider what steps shoiild be taken by the general body of the creditors. "JOHN MASSY. " THWOAS DWYER. "Wm C1ADWICK." As there were statements contained in the preceding circular which required a reyply, the solicitors whose names were referred to m it issued the following - "i' TrPPERARY JOnT-S9TOCK BAN. "With reference to a posting-bill, to. which the names John Massy, Thomas Dwyer, and William Chadwrick appear affixed, and in whice our names are introduced, we think it right to inform the creditors generally-why we, as solicitors for a shlreholder, as well as being professionally concerned for a considerable number of creditors of the bank, caused a petition to be presented to the Court of Chancery to wind up the affairs of this bank. 'The bank having stopped payment, no course was opento the shareholders by whici those honestly inclined to contribute equally and rateably to discharge the bank liabilities could be protected from unjuist or unequal pressure, save by a proceeding under the Winding-up Acts; nor could any other proceeding be taken which would insure to the creditors such prompt and effectual remedies against the shareholders and their property as that to which, under the advice of counsel, we have had recounrse. "OUr object in this is simply topla the banking company under the operation of these acts,which afford remedies applicable to the English shareholders, as well as those resident in Ireland, the former constituting the majority; and the orders of the Irish Court of Cvhancery beine capable of enforcement by the English Court to comp payment of cals sufficient in amount to discharge all obligtiot' of the bank, just as if made directly by the latter " Ourduty, as solicitors for the petitioner, will have been discharged as soon as we shall have obtained an order referring the matter to one of the Masters, who will have the exclusive charge of the winding up, and -whose first duty-will be to appoint an official manager, to whom (as a qunri-assigneeunder the bankruptcy) the business of winding up will be intrusted, and who must give ample security forthe properd scharge of his duties. To that officer, not to us, iw1 be intrusted the winding up, and' theie can be no doubt that the Master, in selecting that officer, will regard the interests of the creditors; and also of the shareholders, and w1il select none but a competent, trustworthy, and independent individual, wvho shall give ample security for thefaithful and impartial discharge of his veryresponsible duties. "The Master has also power under the acts to appoint a soliitor to represent the general body of the creditors, and to watch their interests in all the proceedinlgs; and likewrise to appoint a solicitor to represent t1i shareholders generally and watch, on their part, the proceedings;J so that, with these checks on the official, nothing unfavourable to the creditors can occur. " The proceeding we have taken is perfectly !onfl fde It secures to the creditors the most comprehensive and ditious remedies against all shareholders and persons liab as contributories to the the utmost extent of their properties, whether resident in EngIand, Ireland; or elsewhere; while it will afford someprotection to those who are unfortunately shareholders, by Imposing on each. the obligation to pay equallygoportio!at calls. to liquidate the debts of the bank, and at the same time prevent particular persons from being utterly ruined, by leaving them exposed to executions without limit, at the mstance of creditors. "MOxstOGc and KEmixy, solicitors, 5, Great Denmark-street, Dublin." This last document being regarded as satisfactory, the following resolution was adopted at the meeting held on Wednesday .- "Resolved,-That the meeting considers the petition to wind up the affairs of the said bank the least expensive mode of proceeding, and that their entire attention be turned to procuring some eminent commercial man to be appointed official manager imconnected with tho bank or shareholders." SuGo MEOcroN. 3r. George Henry Hughes, Q.C. and ex-SolicitorGeneral, has responded to the call of the Liberal electors, and the learned gentleman arrived in Sligo on Thursday rnight with a view of prosecuting his canvass. With the exception 'of Mr. John P. Somers, all the other promissory candidates seem to be under a cloud. The Right Hon. John Wynne is the favourite of the Conservative party, but up to last night his address had not been published in the local papers. SEIZUE OF A WAY ON. It appears from the Cork papers that on Monday a seizure of the plant of the Cork and 1andon Railway, at both terniTI of the line, was made by the city and county high sheriffi, under two executions for different amounts, one of which amounted to o'ver3,0001., at the suitof an English firm. The taking possession wras merely formal, the sheriffs being satisfied with a receipt of an inventory of the property. The traffic,, therefore, continues as usuaL THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 901 h - ditto, for account, 90 -New Three per Cent. Stock, R; Eank Stock, 220k ; Royai Bank of Ireland (101. paid), for account, 201. Railways.-Dublin and Wicl2ow (101. paid), 5i - Great Southern and Western (501. paid), 51 x. d.; Irish South-Eastern (101. paid), 5-i; Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, half-shares (251. paid), for acoount, 24A; Waterford and Idmerick (501. paid), 21f. IRISH BANK RETURNS. Anaccount, pursualt tothe Act 8th and 9th of Victoria, cap. 37, of the Amount of Bank-notes authorized by Law to be issued by the several Bank;s of lisue in Ireland, and the average Amount of Bank-notes in Circulation and of Coin held during the Four Weeks ending Saturday, the l6th of Febrnaiy, 1856.
NJATIONAL BEFORMAT ORY UNIOJ. An influential and nunerously attended meeting of the friends of the reformatory movement was held on Saturday afternoon, at the rooms of the Law Amendment Society, Waterloo-place, for the purpose of formally organizing an association bearing this title. Among those present wereViscount Ebrington, M.P., Lord Robert Cecil, M.P., Sir Stafford Northcote, M.P., Lord Lovaine, M.P., Sir Thomas'i Winnington, M.P., theHon. Mx. Liddell, M.P., Mr. Monck- ton Mines, M.P., Mfr. Adderley, M.P., Mbr. Justice Cole-I ridge, Mr. Baron Alderson, M1r. T. B. L. Baker, manager of the formatoryat Hardwicke, Glocestershire; Mr. Bowyer, manager of the New-road Reforatory; Prebendary Fane; the Rev.. W. Hatch, chaplain of tbb Wandsworth House of Correction; Captain O'Brien, Inspector of Prisons; and many other distinguished supporters of the movement. M1r. T. B. L. Baker was called on to preside. The following are decLared to be the objects of the institution:-To collect and diffuse information bearing on the reformation of criminals; to promote the formation of reformatory institutions where needed, and generally to advance the further practical development of the reformatorv movement; to consider and promote such legislative measures as are still required for the better care and reformation of youthful offenders; to assist in the placing out and subsequent guardianship of young persons leaving reformatories, to consider aud promote means for the employmeot and restoration to society of discharged prisoners; to promote the practical training and preparation of efficient masters and teachers for reformato institutions. SirrS. Nor.TncoTE read a report from the committee ap. pointed ataproliminary meeting, which stated that they had drawn up and circulated a prospectus explanatory of the objects of the association, andhiad received the adhesion of a large number of influential persons, including muostof those wrho have taken an interest in the reformatory movement. Thenumber of those who had already signified their intention of joining the union amounted to upwrds of 150.' The committee considered that the time had now aved for electing a president, committee, and other oflicers for the direction -of the union, and that, as soon as the committee should have been appointed, attention should be directedto the following points:-The formtionof a local ssub-union; the collection of statistical information the establishment of a patronage society; and the atpointnsent of a committee of correspondence, which should include the principal managers of schools in. various partb of the country. The Rev. SIDEYx TuRsixn moved the adoption of the COLRIDGE seconded the motion, iwhich ws agreed to nscm. con. Sir S. No1r0TcOTE moved, and the HEIon. Mr. LIDDzLL seconded, a resolution to the effect that a deputation should wait upon his Royal Highness Prince Albert to request hini to become president of the society. This was agreed to, and the deputation nominated accordingly. The vce-presidents of the society were elected as follows: -TheMarquisof WVestminster, the 3Earl of Shaftesbury, lord Brougham, Lord John Russell, the Marquis of Lansdone, the Bishop of Lichfield, the Speaker of the House of Commons, and Mr. Baron Alderson. The election of the other oficers also took place, and some other formal business having been transacted Mr. ADDERLEr urged the necessity of immediately con sideringthe two bills nowbeforo Parliament on the subject of reformatories, the one relating to Scotland, the other to Ireland. The hon. gentleman, after briefly alluding to the provisions of these bills, moved, "That a sub-committee be formed for considering the formei, and reporting to the societythercon." This was agreed to, and, after some further discussion, a vote of ihanks to tho chainma closd the proceedings,
STATE OF TRADE. * ANCHESTER, MA=IH 1. Tbere has been a little more _nqnry and rather increased firmness again this morning, but the busines - to-day- and throughout the week bas been 'on a very moderate scale. Many spinners and many manufacturers are'still workin' to order, while the business springing up from timo to time has left stocks of-al-ostallkindsof-goods reduced within narrow liiits, and these circumstances have enabled sellers duringthe week to obtain very full prices, though, producers-manufacturers especially-complaim of prices as very unremrunerative at the present rates of cotton. The India letters are not yet to hand, but some few purchases in eloth have been rDade in anticipation. -For -yarns the Germmns continue to be the most active purchisers, and- the counts and qualities of yarn they require being among those that are just now the most scarce are consequently dear, especially if required for early delivery. The insprovemeut of the market is more perceptible if we glance back over the entire of tlo past month, and the increised demand is estimated by Messrs. Robert Freeland and Brother, in their monthly circular of * this day, to have resulted in a general advance of 3 to 4 per cent. in yarns, and,about 24 per cent. in the leading descriptions of piece goods. They observe: -"It has not, however, been witheut a- severe struggle on the part of the sellers that this advance has been secured, but theyhave maintained their position firmly durinp the last ten days; and at the moment we write there as renewed activity for India and China, and production is well engaged for three or four weeks forward. The exports of cotton piece goods and yarns for the month are nearly' double those, for the same time last yeir, being 89,059 packages, against 45,933, although shrt of the averageof the last previous three months, which is 97,624- packages. The followving classification shows at a glance the proportion to the varitous markets:- ' - Cotton Cotton Piece Goods. - Yam East Indes .25.2 packages 13.3 lb. China . . .9 . 7.6 Australia 1.0 ,, 0.0 Central andSouthAmenica . 22.3 ,. 1.2 Worth America . . - .. 10.2 0Q3 West Indies.. . .... 6.1 ,, 0.0 , Coast of Africa . 4.9 ,, 0.0 Turkey, Egypt. and Ievang 11.0 9.0 Germany and HoUand 4. 9 , 4.1 Other European States 5.4 , 22.0 "The Liverpool cotton-market has fluctu ated considerably duriagthe muonth.as will appearfrom thefollowing quotations of Orleans cotton from Messrs. W. Clare andSon's circular:- February 1, ordinary, 4Qd.* middling, 5Xd. ; fair, 6"d.- February 8, ordinary, 5id.; middling, 5 13-16d. ; fair, Bid., Febrsary 15, ordinary, SLd.; middling, 61-16d. * fair, 6 ;d. February 22, ordinary, 5gd.; middling, 5-15-16d. ; fair, 6Gi; and, although middling cottons are quoted nearly the same as on the Ist of February, it will be observed that ordinary qualities, which are largely used in mixing,, are nearly Id. per lb. higher. For yarns there has been a steady demand, with- gradually hardening rates, and our quotations are now id. full higher, and on 60's and upwards Ad. per lb. The goods market has also been supportedby a general demand, jacconots for India being almostthe only exception. 7-Sths printing cloths of the lower kinds are much wanted, and are l3d.per piece higher. 9:8ths shirtings are 3d. to 4Ad. per piece higher, according to quality. India and ChIna 39inch shirtings 3d. per piece, and well engaged. Domestics and T cloths about 11-6d. per yard." The frauds of the late Mr. Sadleir, 3I.P., -will be felt here, and it-was reported on good authority to-day that a highlyrespected firm in the iron trade will suffer to the amount of 2,0001. Another firm in the neighbourhood are reported to be calling their creditors together, in consequence of losses occasioned in the same way, but the amount has not transpired. Of the -linen trade in Manchester during the monith, Messrs. Richardson, Tee, and Co. report:- " The demand for linens of all classes continues good, and, as it is known to be based upon the actual wants of buyers, it is on that account encouraging, and likely to continae. Prices for the most part are maintained, no concessions, except on the low heavy kinds, having been made. Stocks of the leading makes are very light, and sales are not pressed, asnmany makers have been limiting product ionfor some months past, influenced by the opinion that the reopening of trade with Rutssia would cause the price of flax yarns to recede." BIRINGHA3,1 MAltsc 1. The iron trade of the district is no worse,if not better than it was a week ago. Notwithstanding the makers of inferior malleable iron are underselling to a considerable extent, the first firms are exacting last quarter day's prices, and it is generally believed that these will be well supprted until the preliminary meeting of the trade, which takes place at the latter end of the present month. The pig-market is, however, lower; but the reduction is said to Rbe confined in the main to the commonest kinds not used in the make of the best descriptions of merchant iron. Mine and cinder pigs have been sold during the week at prices considerably below the quotations which ruled only a fewweeks ago. Thiswill.not,- however, materiaDy affect the rates of merchant iron, and with the present orders on hand, and more especially in expectation of the speedy arrival of spring orders from Canada and the United States, a reduction is not at present to be anticipated. Such are the opinions of the best informed masters of the district. The coal trade is becoming less active than during the winter months, and a general fall of prices is likely to take place imumediately. Jdeed, in the neighbourhood of Dudley a reduction of ls.- per ton for best coal has been announced by one of the first colliery establishments in that district. All other collieries will be compelled to folow that example; but, if we are correctly informed the high price charged to consumers, especially for domestic uses, is not so much to be attributed to the prices exacted by coal proprietors at the pit's mouth as to the merchants and dealers by whom it is sold to the public. ha Birmingham and its immediate neighbourhood durfig the winter rates have been extravagantly high, while the same St-affordshire coalwas sold at Glocester-adistance of 50 miles-at prices considerably lower. The -new pits opened upon the estates of the Marq,uisx of .Anglesey promise to re- - mnedy this evil; and next winter, with a better iron trade, it is hoped the ironmasters and the public will have a lower coal-market. The colliers continue restless under the operation of the new rules; even the masters theiselves are far from being agreed upon the propriety or justice of enforcing them in their entirety. The construction of the South Staffordshire Waterworks -an act for which was obtained last session-has already added considerably to the foundry work of the district. By this scheme it is proposed to supply Lichfield, Walsall, Weednesbury, Bilston, Willenhal, l)arlaston, Tipton, West Bromwich, Oldbury, Rowley RPegis, and Dudley-in all 12 towns in the centre of what is termed the black countrywith pure water-a blessing which has hitherto been denied to the inhabitants of a great portion of these localities. Mr. hPClean, the lessee of the South Staffordshire Railway, is the engineer, and the mains will bo laid down on the level of that line. The contract for the supply of mains and pipes has been obtained by Messrs. Coehrane and Co., of the Woodside Works, and amounts to upwards of 60,0001. The stationary engines required at the works established throughout the district are in course of construction by Messrs. WaU and Co., of the Soho. Both these establishments are doing their best to complete these orders with all possible speed. Others of our founders are busily em. ployed on railway work, and, should peace be the result of the present conferences in Paris, this description of em-. ployment wil of necessity, in a short time, be greatly augmented. ha the various trades of Birmingham there appear to have been during the last week little alteration. The brass-cock founders seem to be more fully employed. For some weeks past the orders for this article of Birmingham manufacture have been more numerous than during the greater portion of the lastyear, especially for the foreign market, althoughnone of them are of any great maanitude. The platers are still quiet-those in the electro-plate absolutely quiet. Orders for the old descriptions of plated goods continue to anive, and one or two extensive establishments in the town are ful of work. It would appear thiat this ancient staple manufacture, which for some years has been greatly. depressed, is superseding the commoner article of German (or rather brass) electro-plate. The platers on steel are well employed, and most branches of the jewelry business are brisk. If there is any difference in their relative conditions, the gold chainand gilt steel toy makers are the busiest. The hands at most of the large establishments engaged in these branches are making overtime. Unfortunately, however, during the present week the jewelry trade has received a heavy blow by the failure of Messrs. Iachman, who for the last three years only, or thereabouts, have carried on business in this town. The Government contracts for military appointments and stores cointinue to give employment to the district. The saddleryironmongery business, which for some time past has been dull at Walsall, is again likely to bo active. A large Gover-ment order has been received in that town during the present week, and will find work for a large number of the working population of that town and its immediate vicinity. The order, as a matter of course, is chiefy for the cavalry and Horse Artillery, but its extent and the quickness with which it is required to beogot up show that there is no supineness on the part of the Board of Ordnance. One comparatively small manufacturer here is required to produce 200 collars a-week, and large establishments engaged in militarywork have been caled upon to make proportionate efforts for the supply of the army. The watch trade in Coventry, in consequence greatly of the falling off in the demand made by the irmin an -chants for the American trade, is dull; and, until the present differences between the United States and this country are more satisfactorily settled than at present no very favourable change is expected. Some of the riband eshblishments are represented to be doing well, and, according to the statements of-several, the spring and summer patterns bid fair to rival if not to distance, those of French production. This description of trade is now setting in, and hopes are entertained- of a good season. The annual meeting of the Birmingham Banking Company has been held during the present week. Ini the course of their report the directors state that, after making ample pro. vision for bad and doubtful debts, the net profits amount to 40,887L. 14s. 7d. Of this =suun 20,0001. wias required for a dividend of 10s. and a bonus of 10s. per share paid in Setember last, and the directors nowr recommended that a 4ividend of 10Os. and a bonus of l0s. be declared without a deduction. This is at the rate of 20 per cent. per annum upon the paid-up capital. The directors of the Coventrv and Warwickshire Banking Company have declared a din -dend at the rate of S per cent.perannum. - ~~- ,OER M,1ABCI3 1. Though wo have -not had so many lace buyesinour market this week as visited us during the seven days previously, a fair and somewhat more than a seasonable amount of business has been done. The demand is pretty general, extending to most descriptions of goods, chiefly for home supply. A good deal of anxiety is manifested in all directions to hear of the Pacific, 10 days overdue when the last steamer left New York. The valuable cargo she has on board includes large quantities of lace and hosiery, and among her passengers are some Anglo-American merehants extensively concerned in the Nottingham trade. In the hosiery departments there is a fair demand, chiefly also for the home market. Silk and cotton yarns remain firm, with aI' Lpward ten. dency. With regard. to busines gen%mlly in NAotftip&az Qx. tended experience confirms us in the impression that prospects never were brighter than at the present moment. Etcven with war taxation and high-priced food, A very large trade is doing, ana stocks are exceedingly lowr; but, witha-probability of peace and of- the necessaries of life being obtainable at easier rates, the natural inference is that the demiand for our productions, both athome and abroad, will be increased. So merchants, and manufacturer3 evidently think, -notwithstanding present general complaints of the unprofitabie character of much of the extensive business doing, as several contracts for the erection of mIls, factories lace dressing roouls, &c., are just being entered into, and great numbers of new dwelling-houses are being bui3t. The only real cause of complaint is that labour is-too'scarce and dear. In neighbouring towns we hear of the people being to a. considerable extent unemployed, or earning low wages, while some of the silk-throwing machinery in Nottingham -is actually standing, owing to the scarcity of hands, and in other dopartments business is impeded for want of additional assistanice. Attempts are eming made to build low-rented houses-and cottages for working people; but, unless land can be obtainedor that purpose-at a lower groundrent-than 2id or 3d. a-yard, or the freehold considerably under 2s. 6d. and 3s. 6d. per yard, --the attempt ,ill be in vain, especially with the existing restrictions of the General Enclosure Act. As the future prosperity of the town is-dependent upon the increised- supply of labour, and a larger wyorking population cannot be had without houses to put them in, it has been suggested that the corporation would be rendering essential service if they offered leases of portions of their lands at ld. or lIAd. a-yard to those parties who would undertake to build the lowest rented cottages upon them. Unaided private enterprise having at present failed in attaining the required xesult, the suggestion might with advantage be entertained by the Tow n-council. LEICESTERl, 'alwH L The demand for low cotton hose continues, and in this department there is a good business doing; but in regular worsted and woollen hosiery there is little, if any, improvement. The fancy trade is rather active, and a few of the most novel articles are in demand. - Manufacturers are sangune of a good trade being done this season with America, and a number of orders have already been received. Altogether tho trade is in a most healthy state, and the operatives are better employed than they were a short time ago. There are some Government contracts in the market in course of completion. <Fools continne to have an upward tendency, and our manufacturers fear a still further advance, as stocks are light.- Worsted is selling at the advanced terms, but it is aot much in demand. LEEDS, l,LiRCu 1. The woollen cloth trade has continued steady durin the whole of the past week, and has rather improved than fallen off during that timn. Although thero- id a- good -deal of caution used, the disposition onthe part of merchants and traders to purchase at late prices slightly increases as the hopes that the Peace Con^gress sitting at Paris will terminate in peace seem to strengthen. To-day's markets have shown. that more confidence as to the future is felt, and buyers have operated freely in most goods of a useful character for the ensuing season. There is nothing like a pressure of goods on the market so that, with advancing prices, consequent on the increasing cost of the raw material, dying, &c., sales are not forced, and the whole business done is of a bonAJlde character. The manufacturing operatives are enjoying a full share of well-paid employment, and nothinglike dissatisfaction exists among them. Hence there is no apprehension of one of those evil occurrences-a " strik@'-taking place in this locality. The flax trade in Leeds is looking up. Peace with Russia will doubtless give a great impetus to this important branch of our textile manufactures * There is no material change in the worsted trade at Bradford this week. The excitement in the wool trade causes a,ll prties to operate cautiously. There is a fair seasonable demand for goods, and rather better prices than lately ruled are obtainable. The same may be said both as to yarns and wools, yet, till prices are more fixed than at Present, little mnore than a hand-to-mouth system will prevail - The report of this da.y's market at Halfax states that the prices of both worsted and yarns, as well as of wools, are 'airm withian upward tendency, and that a fair amount of busiacas is doingr. The local wool brokers in Leeds have not yet received much of the stock they have just purchased at the sales in London, and there seems some- hesitation onthe part of mwanufacturers ho are not in -immediate want of wool to ive the acvanced rates demanded. At the same time there as good ground to believe that fully the augmented prices now demanded-will be realized. The French manufacturers have obtained such a boon by the recent alteration in the tariff of that country as enables them to give an advance of from 2d. to 3d. per lb., without increasing the ultimate cost of wool at their manufactories. This is a great advantage over the English manufacturers when competing in the buying of wool with Frenchmen. DUBLIN, MARcH 1. Trade has been inrather bettertone during this week than for many weeks past. There has been a trifling increase of businessin almost all branches, accompanied intheprovision and other markets with some firmness, and even, in a few instances, a trifling advance in prices; but both the improvement and the advance are only remarkable when contrasted with theprevailing dulness and the drooping tendency of the past weeks. The Smithfield-market thisweek was not very largely supplied, and prices were much firmer than on last market-day. Provisions were rather dearer than on the preceding weeL. The Customs' receipts for the weelk, to Thursday inclusive, were 18,0101., against 13,9371. lastweelk The following is an abstract of duties received at theport of Dublin for the week ended ?February 23 Tea, 3,92o1. ifs. 9d.;- refined sugoar, 389?r ls. 4d. -HIuscovado sugar, 3,0491. 6s. lid.; coffee, 1441. 7s. Sd.;* wine, 2,2101. lSs. 63d. ; spirits, 5841. 19s. ; tobacco, 3,6817. Is. 10di; timber, 471. 0s. 2d; miscellaneous, 2111. 3s. 4d. BELFAST, FEB. 29. I.nen.-The latest advices from our American clients are pretty favourable as to the linen trade. In the bleachfields thereis satisfactory evidence of stirringactivity- allhandsfind full employment,and the improved state of the-weather gives additional facility for the more rapid finishof goods. Brovn marketswere-wellattendedlast week, and in general the demand kept well un to the quantity of linens forward. At. Ballymena, on Saturday, there were large clearances made of-particular styles of goods. Labour is still deficient in that quarter. 'According to present prospects, the tiade could give regular employment to a large increase of hands. The great addition made to " prices" has not yet brought to the linen loom the requisite amount of labour, and this is especially the case in relation to coarser fabrics. Linen Yarn.-With a quiet and steady demand, prices are uLnchanged. Flax.-The country markets for the past week were as well supplied as the previous one, with , steady demand for all innds, atformer rates. It isthe general opinionthat the large maarkets are over, and that the supply from this one will be small. In Cootehill, Ballybay, Monaghan, and Aughnacloy 66 tons appeared. In Armaah, Cookstown, Tandrage e, and Rathfriland, 81 tons, Prices, 5s. to Ss. for handacutehed, and 7s. to 14s. for milled. In foreign flax there has been little doing. Riga FPCM is quoted at 46. 1OS., and FPLCM at 491. LOs. per ton. The Board of Trade returns, just published, show a satisfactory result as regards our years trade in linens and yarns. The following are thefigures L inen "Ianufactures LinenYarn. lyards r Lbs. 1834 1lli,648,657 . 17.62,567 1855 - 18,247.493 . 17,872,950 Increase .. 6.59,841. 176,383 - early 6 per cent. Nearly I per cent. A comparison of the value of the export of linen manufactures from this district with that of the entire export of the united kdngdom shows the following very gratifying result : Ui,zxoD X12onoir.L BnLAsv. Linen Manufactures, including Linen Manufactures, including Yarn and Thread. Yan and Thread. 1855 -. -..5,138,000 - - 1855 -. .. 3.M4.O0O Cotton.-The year's returns of our exchanges with other lands are favourable as regards the cotton manufacture. Imports of raw material have been large, and the quantity of cotton taken for home consumption proportionate ygreat. Prices of fair American cotton are at present much above those quoted five years since, and yarns are also higher in value. Goods sell at improved rates for all prime qualiies. Stocks in the hands of local manufacturers are not so large as might have been anticipated from the quiet of the present month. We continue to report full employment for hands at all the branches of the manufacture. Spinners are in good work, weavers find ready employment, and embroiderers are kept busy. The finish of goods at the bleachfields in the vicinity of Belfast has undergone great improvement within the last few years; and, in point of rapidity or style, the bleaching of cotton goods now equals the best seats of finish in Scotland.
AG&RItrcmTAL STATISTICS.--The Right Hon. R. A.- Haiilton, M.P. for North Lincoinshire, bas pu Ithimself into communication with some of his constituents on the subject of agricultural statistics. He has informed them that Government intend to introduce a bill to cornpel farmers tomakereturns of their stor.t andproduce, and that these returns will be of a very inquisitori71 character. Mrr. HAmilton announces his determination to oppoSe the bill) and invites the active aid and co-operation of the agriculltu rists in order that that opposition may be effectuaL It need scarcely be said that the prejudices of the faermrs against any such measure are very strong, and there is but little reason to doubt they will generallyoffer as much resistance as they canto the.proposed )rveasure, however beneficial its proviamon *ould provwQAvAlum,
2THE CO1N TRADE. T.TEFl'POflT. U.-I ThoretisreDf salecof Blritish wheat, as per -Gazette, forthaW5-4sk ending the fild nit., are 90,365 quarters, at SOs 1d. per quarterj orrespoding week, 1658, 94,4,13 ejuasters at LOs. Id. per quarter. ditto, 1654, 55,682 quartzer, at 78g 5d. per quarter. Thtough on; supplies of deed wheat and flour are moderate, the demand is equally so. The attendance of millers and dealers at bui cor-n-aarket Yesterdaywa smaaller thaai usal and, on the whole, we had an indifferent .bualne _LBarley alone maitntained -its value, the malster-s apprehendIng that their stock of malt is not equal-to whatthecy- are l-ikelto require. The following reductioni from Teda"y last-wasoonsentedto, -about 2&:perbushelonwheat, Is.persackand bark:louloisr, Id.purr tushel on Oats, 9d. to Is. per load on oatmeal, andis. per quarter on beans and peas. Indian corn went down fullv is. Gd. per quarter, an-i aWhd demand. ]Business to-day iswithoutwativity. The conferenceat P'aris is the absorbing topic.- tOTrT12GRAM,, MAjtna 1. -- - We avehada eekof eryfie wathr,and Si warhi localitiesrthe grastis alreadY prosving. Corn also) looks promising, This combinedI 'with the prospectg of peace, has caused a -further decrease in the price of corn. At our market to-day our farmers again brought us a large supply of w'heat, for which they submitted to a decline of is. - per quarter from last Satsirday. We bad A light supply Of barley, aud prices were in favour oftheoseller. Oa'tsand heannamaintanedtheir-reue. The puresentjprices of grain and:four in Nottinghuam are sasfollows:Wheat, white, old. 82g. to Big. per 38stone; new, 77a.to 82s. ; red, old, 76G.to 78&. ;new,G67s.to 74s. Iarley,for malting, 38g.to 4is.perquarter; for grinding, iSa. to 6sa. Oata, 23a. to SIt per 24 stone.L - eans, old,fiSg.to 5ig.perzs3stono; new. us,. to 45s. flou'r, super, S4g. to 60Ds.per20slone;ftin, f0&t.52s. - - LEICESTERc, Mannan L We have this week, bad a -very favourable time for outdoor operathins, -anud farmers have been vesy busy in the fields,' The soil, is in excellent condition to receive the spring seed, and agricultural work- is proceedingas satisfactorilyas coultbe desired. QkrrepoDrtacontinue favourable as to the healthy appearance, -In aios instance, o h young wheat; Pastures nsaalso verY much imProving. There has been no alteration this week in the price of fat stock, At our market it mnet a'doll sale, beef realizing 5jd, to BId., and mutton Gd. to 7d. per lb. At our corn-market ti'As morning the supply of wheat-was libesal, and there was a tolerable attendance of farmers and nrillers. The 'Wheat trade ruled dull,at a reduction of is. to 4s. per quarter upon the quotations Of last wYeek Barley mwa a fair show,, and is. per quarter dearer than last wDeek. In cats, of which there was a tolerable show there was no alteration. Beans maintained the rates of hast week~. White whieat, 72a. to 7Gs. ; red, 70s.L to 72g. ; barley, UK to 41s. ; oats, 3Os. to 3Os. : beans, 4Cs. to n5a. per quarter. Fine flour, 55& to tog;rscods, 53s. to M4s. ; thirds, 51g. to 52s. per 20 stone. At Melton Mowbray there -was a good show of wheat, -which realised A fair demand at a r eduction of 2s. to Ss. per quarter upon the quotations oflast week. In other descriptions of grain there was no alteration. Old wheat, 72g to) 75s. ; new, 70a. to 74s. ; old barley, SOs. to iSa.; new, 35g. to 8sa. ; old oats, 34s to setL ner- .--sae-.. gal 1.om, SOs. to 52g. ; new, lOs. to 4Cs. Per quarter. At Market IHarborough the quotations were :-White wheat, 72,- to 74s. ; -red, 70s. to 72s. : barley, 28s. toD 32g.; oats, 23a. to 2Ts. ; beans, 44s. to 52s. per quarter. At Loughborough wheat sold at a reduction of Is. to f2 Per quarter below the quotations of last week. In. barley there Tas a slight advance. B)eanisand oats werelIs.per quarter higher. The traderuled on the whxole dull. - At flackl-ey the average prices were :-Wheat, 72g. Id., barley, 35%. Sd ; Oats, 25. ii. per quarter LINCOLN, 3LAl,L We have had fine open weather since our lnst report, and the Pastures are begliningto look fresh. Them are complaints among the fannrs occupying lig'ht lands ofthe young wheat plant having b-eer destroyed itis supposedhbygrub for wormi, and in some parts of the country numbersof acresw ivilhave to bere-sown. The fat stock tradle has this week been ratherbriak. At Peterborough, with an excellent showr, sheep fetehed high prices. In beef there was no alteration. iced 7s. 6d.; pork, 7gs. id. to7s. Gd.per stone; mutton, 716. per lb.; At Boston,ewes realized 69-6., and wetherss7d. perlb. At Newark.the show of stock.was small, and thetra.de ruled dull at last week,'s rates. At our ormn-market yesterday there was a fair amount of whieat offering, and the attendance of farmiers, was'pretty good. The wheat trade ruled dull, at a reduction upon the prices of last week- or Is, to 2s. per quarter. Barley was an average show,. and maintained last week's rates. Oats were in tolerable supply, and sold at late prices In beaus, of whichx there was a small quantity at market, there wasno alteration. White wheat, 74g. to 76s. ; red, G7s. to 73s. ; barley, 31s. toll1s. ; oats, 24g., td Ss ; beans, 40s. to 43s. per quarter. At Spalding the market was well supplied with wheat, which sold at a reduction of 2g*. to 3g. per quarter upon the quotations of lastwveek Barley maintained last week's prices, and in oats and beans there was no alteration. At Market Basin, wheat realizedl a fair demand at a decline of Is to 2s. per quarter upon last week's prices. In other descriptions oj graina there was very little alteration. White wheat, 75s. to 77g. ; red, CBs, to 71s. per quarter. At Gainsborough the average price were-wheat, 72s. 46. ; barley. 33g. ; beans, 42s. ; rye. 4Gs. per quart-er. At Sleaford the wheat trade ruled dull, and the rates of Last week were in maost instances maintained. In barley, oats, and beans there was not mnuch doing at the pirices of last weak. White wheat, 70g. to Vs. : red, 68g. to 70s. ; barley, 34s. to 38s. ; oats, 24s. toGSO, ; beans, 4A9s. to 5Ms. per quarter. At Newark there was not much doing in the whieat trade, and farmers submitted to a reduction of 2g. per quarter upon the currencies of last week. ]Barley maintained late prices; and inoats andbc-ans there was no alteration. White wheat, 76g. to Ss. ; red, 73s. to 75s. ; malting barley, M8s. toll1s. ; grinding barley, 33s. to 35s.; oats, 28g. to 32s.; beans, 42s. to 50s. ; Peas, 42s. to +is. ;malt, 72g. to 76s. per quarter. At Louth, the supply of wheat was good, hut farners wouldI not subomhi to the decline which milers felt disposed to offer; conseq,uently lut little business was done,.at aresductien of is.-per quar,ter. B3arley a fair"how, and Is. per quarter cheaper; In oats,and beanis there was alsoasirailarrzeduction. 'White wheat, G6g. to 67g. ; red, 64s.toGCGs.; barley, 35s. to iOu ; oats, 25s. to 3D0u; beans, Ala. to 45a. per quarter. At Boston, the wheat trade wag very excited, and farmers couald not dispose of their general ramples unless at a great reduction. In the best qualitties there was a decline of Is. to 2s. per quarter upon last week's, rates. In barley oats, and beans, there -as i-rep little alteration. VWite wheat, 683. to 72g.; red, 51s. to 69s.; barley, 34s to iSs.;bats, 20g. to 27g.; beans, 37is- to 45s. ; peas, S6s. to 38g~ per quarter. -DIEBY. MLanisC I. At oDur corn-market yesterday, the attendlance of farmers a-as tolerably ilnumerous, Wheat was in fair supply, and some of an indifferent chezacter was s-howing. The trade ruled rather languid,. at a reduction oftIs tos2s: per quarter upon the quotations of last week. Barley was in limited supply at late prices, Oats were a mniddlin show, andmainsained last week-'s rates- In beans there was no alteration. White wheat SO..toS32g.;red, 4.to 76s. perxquarter. Malting barley, We. to 42s. per imnperia measur; grinding barley, 37g. to 38g. .er 30stone. Old oats, 4sa. to 37s;nxew oats, 20 to 2Se.per 24 stone. Old beans,53s. to 55a. ;new, 4?s. toA44s. per 38 stone. Flour, 51& to 8g. ; super,, 56u.to 57& verS20 stone. At.Worksop the show of wheat was mnoderate, but in consequence of farmers being unwllhing to submnitto the reduction sought bythe mfilers, the asmount of business done was limited at a slight decline upon the quotations of last weekL Barley was a ready sale at the price of last week. Oats,beans, and peas commanded foalprices. - D0NCASTE]t, b%Lenew 1L The firmn, steady tone which characterized the Yorkshire commainkets for two weeks up to Saturday last has not been maintained since then The fluctuation which has occurred this week, though not very considerable, has been sufficiently marked to show that confidencoe in the prevalenre of high prices from this to harvesthas bee-n considerablyvshak,en with theincreasingprosjsectsof peace. The only instance in which any advance of twrice has been effected since last Saturday is that of Pickrering maark-et on Monday, where an improveaenet of Is. per quarter was noted. In the barley trade there has. been an active inquiry this week- for good samples, owing mainfly to the approaching sowing season. At present the improvement, wWhil is about Is. per quarter, has been only Partial, but the trade hLas, evidently received an upward impetus. The advance just mientioned is quoted at about half a-dozen markets. Prices during the week, 3ks to 42s. 66. Beans havebDeenon the whole easierto buythiis week. The demand for seed in almost over, and the new qualities come to hand in indifferentconrdition. The decline is set at aboutig.per quarter. PrJices, 40s. to 5Lk Oats have been mnuch maore inquired for this weak, than of late, and anything of good quality has been readily bought up, in some cases at higher prices, PAxces,23c.to us,per quarter. Peas have gone up for seed, but there Is no change in the quotations. Flour remains stationary. At our market this moraing there was a large show of grain of all kinds. Wheat was3again brouight forward inveryliberal quantiteiesfor the season of the year, and in betterocondition thanithas been of late. There was a fair proportion of good samples of white wheat, and an abundance of red of various qualities. The attendance of buyer was numnerous, but the trade was anything but brisk, the dull reports hrorn the marets held yesterday discouraging millers and factors from taking more than would meet their immnediate requirements, We miake a reduction ofis. toss,. per load (Is. 4d. to 2e. Sd per quarter) on our last weeks quotations, but there was little or nothing doing ia thbe inferior sorts, and the trade ruled flat throughouti the morning, with a good deal left over at the close. The supply of barley was moderate, and the demand for seed caused a brisk inquiry, atis. to 2g. per quarter advance. There was a large show of oats and beans, which met a free sale at fonmer prices. The following are our quotations to-day :-N%ew wheat at 23s. to 27a. per loaLd of three Imperial bushels ; fine, 28s. to 29. Gd ; old. wheat, 26s. to 28s. ; fine, 5s. toSOs. : bleudoors, 21s. to 21L; fine, 23s.; au-c,. 16s. toIoS&; new beans, ISas. to 16s.; f ine. 17s. to 18s. 8x6.; old beans, 1is. toSOs. U; fine, 21s. to 21s. 6d. ; gray peas,, l5s. to 17a. ; whit peas, 13g. to I8g.; new oats, .21g. to 26s. per quarter; finn, 27s. to 30s.; old oats, 2sT. to 3Ds. ; fine, SL, to 32g. ; grindintg barley, 5sa. to 37g.: malting. barley, iSa. to 4Os.; fine, 41s. to 43g. Officia averages since this day week,:-Wheat 74s k Sd; barley, 39g. 7d. ; oats, 25g. Sd,; rye, 47s, 7d. ;beans Si, 3d,.- fine, 43g. 4d. - WORCETER, ManesR 1. The weather conitinues highly favourable for farming operations, and farmers are becoming very bus out of doors. The market is rather Engih white wheat, - 9s. 2d. to Si 4d. per 621b., and red 8a Gd to 9i.; malting barley, 4s. to 4s. Gd., and distilling, 4g. to Is. 4d. per 491b.; new English beans S. CdL to 6s., and old, 6g. 4a. to 6s. G.; English oats, 4s. to4s. 3d. per3b.;andiriih, 3s. Md.; whitepeas, bG. to 6s. 6d., and gray, 5s. 6d. to 6a. ; Yetcheg, 8s. to 9s. per busheL There has been a general dulness in. the trade at mest of the country marketsin this neighbourhood. AtWolserhampton, on Wednesday, the wheat tradewas very dul and a dechne took placeof Is to 2 per quarter. Noalterationin barley, eats, or beans. At YCidderminster market, on Thursday, the same dulnels prevailed. Hlay, s 153. to 5 Sa. per ton; straw, 2 to 2 Cs. Inthe hop-market there is stillvery little doing. Consumers buy from band to mouth, andpricez must be quoted still lower by 3s. to 4s. per cwt. GLOCESTEMl MAncrs 1. We have had two cargoes of Wacat into Glocester this week from Trieste, totaL 7,800 otagas; and large receipts of oats from Ireland.- eompriing 3.G00 barrels fro,mWexford, 1.80 barrels from Dublin, 645 barrels from Waterford, and 1,060 barrels from Tralee. There was a fair attendanoe at mark-et to-day, and prices were hs-dly so good English white wheat, 67s. Md to 7Ss. per quarter, and red, 663. to 7Js. Foreign aS under:-Chote Danube, 7Mg. to SO&,; lbraila, CISa to 74.; Spanis, 70s. to 74s.; Anpona, 74s. to 76s. per 4801b. Englishs malting barley, 35g. to 3is., and grinding, 32s. to Ms. 6d. per quarter; Irish, 33a. to 3I. per 4001b. New English beans, 42s. to 44., and old, 45i to 47s. per quarter; Egyptian, s. to 4ir. Irish oats, 24L. to 25s. per 3121b.; black, 24s. to 24. 6,; and tawny, 2k& Gd. to 25g.; Peas 52. to 55g. per quarter. At Cheltenham market, on Thursday, wheat wvas Is. per quarter lower than last week; and at Stow-on-the-Wold the aTorage was 35 12g., andof barley iJo,. per. quarter. 1,ORWICH, Manes 1. The weather has been mild and seasonable dureng the week. At KirsLynn,on.Tucsday, and GreatYartoutbso Wednesda. wbeat ws generally2s. to3s. per quartcr lower, and the declin aice ontinued at Biungay on Tmuo3day. At Bury St. Edmund's, on Wednesday, prices remained withott material altertion. At Stomnarket on Thursday, a fall of Is. t 24s rerquarter was noted; and at Woodbridge, on the same day, the decUne was eren greater. Here to-day there was considerable depression In the wheat tride ancL ales could only be effected at a decliue of 3s. to 5e. per quarter, The tea quotation for the beet white mUst be reduced to 75g. pee quartei. Barley was in fair supply, and generally commanded about lastweek'a.tes, though in some instances 3rather less money was taken. - i.n oas,% beans, and peas lit-Ie doinig; prices tending down,wards. - ieaes:-Wheat. white (weighing 621b. s 631b.), 70. to SML ditto. fed(weigheng 60thb to 31b.), i5s. to s.; baley, malting (weighing 521b. -to 531b.1. 35s. to ML ,; ditto, distirDing (weighing 501b. to, Slilb.J, 33s, to 3Ss. per quarter. 1atest Averages.-Wheat.3.011: quarters,-6%s Id. ; barley, 4,494. quarters, 3S. Sd.; rye, 20 quirtcrs. 44s.; bemas, 9 quarters, 4s. ; and peas, 5 quarters, 42s. - COLCIESTER, 3&:ciie L in ourmarket to-day wheat of the minest descrption declined L. Asug other qualities 3s. per quarter. Little business -s-s done atthcre n3te harley and bean sold better. Yesteiday, at Chehnsford, the market opened very dull, and after a tImethequotations for wheatwere lowered is to 2LL, and even S& for secondary parcels. In barley the trade wvac setive- at Is. advance. White wsheat, 56s. to 703.: red, 5Sta to l.; barley. 28& to 34.; chevalIer, SOs. to 3s.,; grinding, Efis to 3sE. On Thursdly, at BIshop's Shortford, the decline in wheat was 3S. yr quarter,and business wa 3dolt1at thatrate. At ludhury, the same day, wrheat was in bad condition, And pric-olower. READING, Mincni 1. The tradeopened this mornsing by milers offering a reduction oC sereral shillings per quarter; it was resisted by the farmers for a thime lut when they found there was not a possibility of selling they werae irclined to yield, and then sales were effectedl with tolerable freene3s at a decline of 2s. to 3a per quarter for the best descriptions, and oflul 4..per quarter fors terouge s.d more inferior qualties. Our quolations. todaywere 7. to 8s, per quarter for the best white wheat, againlst Ms. to Big. last week; one exceedingly fine lot sold at SE2.. which was the top figure, whilc E7s. was the highest we were enablel to quote in our last report. The red wheat was W. to 76s.. against (LE to Ms this day seenamtht. The market for the choice qualities of barley wazs aain suppliod on a limited scale; there was a fair average demand, but, nevcrtheless sellers were compeled to giveway Is. per quarter, snd on these term3 a good clearnewas effecte For thedistilling qualities there was a ess acive inquiry than opofats wing to the absence of ansy of the Bristol dealers, w;ho, in the present prospect of lowser prices twin a settlemzent of the wiar question, are nlot inClined to speculate, We munst report prices for this sort as having falen isa to Et per quarter; sad te grindin, qualites expeienced the .samesreduction. Matting barley sold at ls. 4n0as; distilling, w333 to36se.; and grinding, 23r_. Thkere wa a good supply of oats on the stands, hut, as the demins did not extend much bey5nd what was required for seed, ihe trade vas low, at adecle nofaboutd. perquarter. The quotation Therefore. werenesinaly he eme-is. ol oas, ta,to a0e. ; new ditto, 2k.- Ververea_ainaliundauUyFnppliedevih beaus, still there was mD esgemess to bay much beyond seed; trade was excessively heavy, at a reduction of isa per quartet. Thie prices wvere :-ld beans (E nglish). 48s.to LOs.; newr, Lie,to Ms. ; Egyptians, 3kSto 37s.; split dtto, 27s_ Although the peas on offer were large in quantity, and a disposition shown by dealers to accept lower terms, but fes lots exchanged hband. ain 5l-deeyn,, ias.I to 2a ner quarter. The prices were--Whito boilers, 41s. to 4Z-, =aplie 40.s irs see sy, r, t o The official eturn forthepastweekstrongly proves the inipreesioas uPonthemindsoffarmersas to the setUement of the war, for th r quantity of wheat sold at our lost marl-et was nearly 400 quarters above that of the ureceding Vweek. It is shown that 1,835 quarter S bushels of wheat were sold for'6,819 ES. Pqd., or an averge of Its. SiL per quiarter, being nld. perquaterGlower. There were 45 quarters of harley sold for 1,427 lSa. 3d, or an average of 33s. 9id. At Abingden, on o onday, whLat wasl s. to2s.pes qua-terlowes, ant a coreponding reductionin other corn. Wheat, eGs, to 7&. per quarter; barley, St to 37s At Faringdon, on Tuesday, trade was quite stagnant; nothing,in fact,cmoldbe done butat very reduced prices. Oun etlnoeday, at Basinestoke, the best qualities of whealt were 2s. per quarter cheaperand the othersorts werequite neglecteLd. Barley and othereorn at about the previous prices. At Hunirerford, on the same day, wheat wras is,to Es. pcr quarter lower. At TVantage, also on that day, best wheat, is. to 23.; and inferior, Ea to 3a per quarter decline. On Thnrsdny, at HIenley, wheat was Es, and barley, Is. per quarter cheaer.At Nwbuy, n th cane dy, eatwheat, Es to 3s. : and oth>r sorts, 3s. to 4s per quarteralowver. OneFriday, at Wallingford, wheat was E to 3a. per quarter lowser;* and other cor could only ba sold at reduced terms. D3IBIN', Eta 29. There-was an exceedingly dull and depre&sed market at our CDra: Exchange to-day, and transactions were completely confined to the supply of immediate wants. In the trifing business which occued wheat and harley carcely supported the currencies of Tuesday, and oatmust be noted 3d. to OL lower. We do not alter the quotatiors
PARLIAMENTABY ffOTICE BIOUSE OF LORTSq. lfnvnAv XVrA1 2 onRDFst5 - - - - o-A Lens eiHrounami and Vaur,-To move a> resolution on the subject Lord hlonteagle of Brandon,-To move for copies of any order or regulation issued since the establishment of the office of Secretary of State for War to provide for the disharge of the funancial duties of the consmsariat rindthe. administration of the commissariat ches Leases andSalesofSettled Estates Bill,Comnimttee (on re-conimt- LJord St. I,eonard's;On the motion Sor going into committee (ott re-cominitmentl on the leases and Sales of Settled Estates lill. to call-the attention of the House to the steps taken by Her Majegta Goverment for iniprov ing the lawr arnd the administration o. it. Comamons Enclosure Bill,-ComnsitteeO "Preston v. the Liverpol, Manchester, and Ifeweastle-upon Tyni Junctionllailway Conipauy"-urljther hearing. JrBILS APPOLN1TED AeND NOnrCES. Turnpike Trusts Anangements Bill,-Comimittee on Tuesday, tff 4thLofMaLrch. Earl Stanhope,-To move thatanhumble addresbepresentedto Her Majesty that IerMajes-tywoouldbe graciously pleasedtotake into her Royal consideration, in connexion with the site of thepresent MationaX Gallery, the pmeticability and expediency of forming by degrees a galUery of original portraits, such portraits to consist as far as possible of those persons who are most honouably commemorated in BritislL bistors as Iarriors oras statesmen, or in arts, in literature, or sit science. [Tuesday. the 4th of March. t Vilscount Dungannon.-To moove thatanbulmble addresbepresesste to }Her Ma3)esty for returns of all peceous quaHided to net as lustices oE t.he peace in thle several counties of Ireland, the number of stipndiar maia.stratmes located in each county and the several petty sessiotnal divi- sions. [Tuesday, theea 4th onoFrMarch.]f Mercantile Law AmendmentiB,-Secondreadln, on reidiy tbO Mxercantile Law (Scotland) Amendment Bil,-Second readin, osr Friday the 7th of Mlarch. Talbot's Divorce Bill,-Second reading, on Tuesday the 11th oC lord Lyndhurst,-To call the attention of the House to thb state ofthe Judicature of this House, with the view of applying, a suitable remedy. BILS IX PROGi33. Schools (Scotland),Waitingfor second reading. Churh Dliscipline Act Aasundment,-Watitmg for seconl reading. E dncation,-Waiting forsecond reading. Blenheim Eftate.-Waitsng fdor second reading, Clarke Thornihill'6 Estate, WYaiting for second reading. Caifatable UJses.-Walting for second realding. DrainaeAdvances Acts Amnedndment,-WYaiting for second reading. HODJSE OF COMMONS, No1,D.&Y, miAen 3. o0DIMS OF TIE DAY. Supply,-Eeport. Supply,-Conmmittee. Vays and Means,-Commnittee. Courts of Common Law (Ireland) Bill,-Second reading. Juries (Ireland) Bl-Saecond reading. Joint Stoek Companies Bill.-Committee. Partnership Amendment BiU-,Committee. Trial of Offences BiU, Sccondreading. 11::tropolis Local nagement Act Amendment BiUl,-Seconif readrga Omuit-nioers Eil,Gireewc n hlea ilodreading. Bxchequer oeca oisOdgBU-hrd ereoadin Mr. Irl'ahon,-To as'k the Chief Secetrtsy for Ireland whether the Feishery Commissioners made, on or before the B ,stday of Januarylast. a report to the Lord-Lieutenant of their proceedings, receipts, and expenditure for the year 1S55, as required by the statute in that behalif and, if so, why a copy of such report has not been laid before ParFla mnsist pursuant to the said statute; and, if such report were not madegi vien ilt likelyto be made, audto belaid on the table ? bIr. Masters Smith,-To ask the Secretary of State for the Home Department whether it is the intention of Her Maie3Ws Governmentc to itroduce any bill during the present session of 2'arliament for the purpose of establihing district sumveyors, insteald of the present pasochial system, whicb,innany instances, is mere]yan anxiliarypoor-rate, an very inefficient for effecting its proposed puroose. ViscountGodecich.-Toask;the Secretary of the Treasusywbether therequsremeuts contawined in the Treasury minute relating to the steam comumunIcastion with the Australian colonies, that the matE vessels shall touch at King George's Scund both onthe outward an1 homeward passges,will be enforced in all the t-hreroutes specified in that minute? M&r. AL Gibson,-To ask leave of absence for Mr. Brciht, for a month, on account of il health. Mr. Grogan,-Returm of the names and dates of appointments of sat Persons temporarily engaged as accountant valuators, superintendentg. surveyors, draughtsmen, and clerks in the office of the General Valuation andSrvey of reland, whEo have been employed in that department for fiveeaerrs and upwards, the rte of pay grautedtosuch persons on appointment, and the number of -years of service of such persona to the 1st of lfacrh, 18586; distiuguisbing the period of service (if any) hile employed in other civil departments respectivel, &the nature of employment since appointment, and the rate of pay on the 1st of MrBrotberton,--eturn ofthensmes, placesof bsiness, andobjecs of all assurance companies completely registered, from-the passing of the act 7th and 8th of Victoria, c. J10, to this day, stating the dates of complete registration: And, copy of every account. registered by such companies, conformably with the provisions of the said act, since the return of ther -19tibday of March. 1852.,I Mr.tlem,-Return of the nonberof schools which havebeeri erecteiD underthe minute of Her Majesty's Most Hon. Privy Council of Education of the 2d of April, 1853, for promoting voluntary asseasmemats towards the erpense of building schools in rural districts. s. facartney,-Eeturn of the comparativenamount o. supernnuatonos, distinguished from compensations upon reductions of office, t.> persons who hvyae entered into the public servic previous to the 4th of August, 1829, up to and ending the 1st of January. 1858 ; the totals of the severalcolumnsofthesaidretuntobeplacedat the head of thisreturn. Return of the abatementsmmade from the salaries of all Persons-itrb. have entered the publc sewvice since the 4tih of August, 1829. up to and ending the 1st of January. 1858. the totals of the several col'umnsofthesaidreturntobeplacedat thehead of thisreturnL, Viscount Duncan,-Select Committee to consider the Ordnance Survey of Scotland. Iord Stanley,-Return of comm ssion paid to architecs for aU pub&i buldings erected during the lst 34 years. r. Wise,-Ret-sns of the number of persons receiving pensiong. or any assistance from the grnt voted by Parliament for thm relief of Polish refugees slace the year 1837; of the number of those wlho have died, resigned, or commuted their allowane, with the dateR thereof; of the amounot o moneyvoted each yealr by Parlisment. ad the amountspentechyearforthe relief of the refugees; and. = of the name of the paymaster and amount of his salary. General Buckley.-lteturn of parishes that are united under tha asmeincumbent- stating w hether there isa 3residence in both parishes. or ord wrhere the incumbent resides; the population of each parish: and, whether there is aresident curate in the parishin which the rector or vicar does nut reside. ;- Mr. Gore Langton,-leturn of the names and number of livings and incumbencies that ha7e not two services in the church or chapel belonging tothe Establishment every Suday; stating whether there ia a house belonging to the rectory or vicarage ; also, if any glebe; and, if ao, vhat number of acres, and the amount of tithes, commuted or not,. as the case maybe. - Mr. Moiieli,-Army and Ordngace Etimnates (iL Committee ot Sir DB Lacy Evians,-To propose a resoluti6n disapproving the conduct of Government in reitermtediY refusing offers from the moet respectable parties in Canada to raise troopi from among our colnisi fellow-subjects for service in the Crimea, while abortive Attempta werob eing -ade at thevery same time toonlist recruit for the asMet servie in territories of a nentral State. contrary to international law. Colore. Harcourt,-On going into Committee of SuPPly, on motion that Mr. Speaker do leave the chair, toD ra the attention of tbe Chameclor of the REschequer to the mode iuawhich the Tax on Under Gardeners is assessed and levied. Mr. Lsysrd,-On going into Committee of Supply, to tke into consideration the state of our present relations with Persia, Colonel Eioldero,-l. Cunumttee of Supply, to bring under the notice of the raid committee the expediency of changing tho present steu or submritting to our consideration the military expenditure of th~~earin one esttmate.Mjest and of be made tofuudoi Her Baottes nJoint Stock Companies Bill,-Mr. EBlckburn ana Mr. Warner. to move ismeudalents. ln Commuittee on Partnership AmendmenS Bili,-hlr. Spooner isa move amendments. Mr. Wise,-On motion for second reading Of Trial of Offenoes BiM. to move that it be read a second tiUpI upol this dayshxia1utb$.
A rrV-POUND NOTE from M. P. is thankfully LjLCKNOWLEDGED by the Rescue Society towards the rescue of lx cuts for which19 other equal amounts are required. II. Poultry. . DNIE I, COOPER, See. -VWGRANADIAN FOREIGN DEBT.-The .qConimitteecof Spanish Americam Bon3dholders request a MEET i~NG ef the Holders of New GrAnadian Bonds, at the London Tavern. ,on Wednesday, the 5th March..at half-pastt2 o'clockpr;e;c~isely,. H1. Austinfriams Feb. 29, 1K16. A. GODFE. Secretary. R OYAL GENERAL THEEATRICAL FUND.- The nobility, gentry, Patrons Of ths; InsUtitution, are regpectfurry informed that the ELELVENTH ANNIVERSARY PETIL will be held at the London Tavern, BLshopogate-street, on Monday, March 17, 1I6 odTE'EDNintecar The Right Hon. Lr ETU E ntecar The. musical arrangements,' comprising the first talent of the day, ,ginder the direc tion of M$r. Wijn. LoTeR Phillips. Tickets (includin wine), oneo guinea each, 'may ho had of J. B. .Buckitooe, Rsq., Theatre Royal. Haymarket: at Mlr. Sams's Royal _Tibrary. StL Jamees-street; of Mr. Lacy. Wellington-street ; of Mfr. H.L Butler. 21. Bow-street; of the Secretary, Mr. Cullenford, Theatre .Royal. Haymiarket; and at the bar of the London Tavern. A limited nunmber of ladiee~ tick-ets will he issued, price Es. each. GruLtlemen wishing places reserved will please to send their names .and address to the Secrtary. JULIC COLLEGE.-CHAR-LES DICKENS, JLF3s`iLthe chiair.-GI--EIERAL MIEETING of the Theatrical Trofesron and the frienads of the Drama. on Thursdlay, March 13th, at -the Theatre Royal, Adelphi. (by permission of Bonjamin Webster, Req.,) to tak-e into consderation the most advanatageous means of promuoting the claim to a small Share of the additional distribution of the Funds and Bonefits of the great Charity of " God's Gift," founded, imuilt. aund endowed at the sole cost of Edward Alleyn, the actor. W.B. The chair to be taken at 1 precisely. THEATREROYALi, DRURY-LANE.-Lessee, TIMSmiath.-Acting Mlanagr, Mr. Charles Mathews.- Stage Mn=ager, Mr. Robert Rxy-The; Scenery by Mr. William Bovrle.-Te hx-olic opn dil from. 10 til 6 o'clock, under the superintendence of M1r. Edward Chatterton-The Larst 12 Nights -of thre Greatest Attractions ever produced at this Theatre.-The la-' 12 Nights of the Inimitable Comedian, Msr. Charles Mathews.-The Last 1ll Nights of the Prize Pantomime, and the only oportunity of -witneesing it.-The Reduced Plrices as usual.-Mr. Chalrles Mlathiews in Tvao Popular Plieces every Evening.-THIM EVENING will be performed (first time at this theatre) the dramia, entitled DETICATE OGROUJND. Principal characters by Mfr. Charles Mathews, Mlfr. It. * Romby, and Miss !. Oliver. After which, TRYING ITON, in which Mr. Charles Mathews will sustain his original character. To conclude witthgrndomiChismspanomae HY J)flDLEDIDDLE; or,HaleqinKin Nnseseandth SeenAges of Mlai The scenry ained y M. Wllim Bverey.Two Harleqiuins, two Colmbies,twoPanalons tae Sellr,two Clowns (Harry Bclnn 2nd om attews. Pincial anc~ MssRosina Wright. Doors T"VIEATRE. ROYAL, COVENT-GAR])EN;..L Professor Anderson!s Great Carnival Bonefit, This DaY (Monday, March 3), and To-morrow (Tuesday, March 4i)-Professor ANDERSON most respectfully begs to inform his friends and the Kulibi that his GRAND CARNIVAL COMIPLI!ERNTARY MTFTand DRAMLATIC GALA will occur THIS DAY tMonday, March 3), and. To-morrow (Tuesday, M1ar-ch 4). It will comraise Opera, Drama, Pantomime Burletta. Melodrama, and a .aecrstrve.an~vried tan ha everbef'o're occu_rredt in L`ondon'; m fict, it wil be the first time in the history of entertainments in Rersiand that any such thing has been eTen attempted. In America on benefit occasions, andwh?en it is desired by professionals to pay a mnarkc of respect to a deserving beneficiaire, a dr-satiaic carniva has -been organized and attended with the meet profitable results. The Carnival at Covent-gardenwill be ani effort to realize on English ground that which American ingenuity and enterprise have already accomptished with success in the Transatlantic theatres. The Carnival Wil .commence This Day (Monday, Mfarch 3), at I o'clock pr.m..with the ~comic pantomimne of 1816, entitled YE BELLE. ALIANCE; or, Harlequin Good Humoutr and the Field of the Cloth of Gold. Henry VII!.. Mr. Harr Pearson; Francis I., Mlr. W. Shalders; .Clown, Mlr. Flexmnore; Pantaloon, Mlr. Barnes; Harlequin, Mfr. C. Braown; Columbine, Miss Emma Homne. The pantomime to be followed, at 4 o'clock, by the drama of real life, in two acts (with pemsso of T. Pane. Easq.), entitled TIME TRItES ALL. Mr. a a eat,M.G Coe atthew Rates Mbr. Basil Potte; th Hon Co~der awn,Mr. inloch ; CharIes Clinton, Mr .Hl;Tom Tack-,MrClke Laura Leosen, MilsslHerbert; Fann Fat, issSomems ob followed, at half-past 5 o'clock.by the Sot drama of GILDEROY. Jock Muir, Professor Anderson. At a quarter past 7 O'Clock the faTourite opera of LA SONNAMBULA. Amina, Mrs .LDrayton (ate Miss Lowe);LIsa,MiUssThlirlwall; Xlvino,Mx.HenryvHaig-h:I.odolpho,Mlr. H.Drayton. Ataquarter past9 o'clock (by the very gracious permission of E. T. Smith, REsq.), Mr. Charles Mathews wi lluimsel aperi the celebrated Drury-lane farce of thLe GREAT GUNTICK supported by Messr. Tibury, Worell Jaes oges, empeto. ad 7isaEnnis. After which, at hlf-ast10 'clck.Mr.Leih Mrra wil n--'in conjunction withProessr Anersn. ndimtatMr.hares=et'lhews, M[r. Charles Kea. ad Pofsso Anersn,in he ewsqui'b, entitled WHAT DE REWAN'T Tewblof thaefirst evening's entertainments to conclude willia Grand Ballet, in which Mdlle. Auriol, Mliss Emma Homne, and Mr. Flexinore wil appear. The celebrated D)utch Pas by Lea Petite Edoums3 as Derformed at Her MaWestv's Theatre. Conductor-hir. R. Loder- Leader-Mr. C. HfalL. Notice.-Readmisstlonbysignatureorrly. The secondevening(To-morrow, MNarch 3) will bedeTote to the GreatWizard's GRAINDBAL BIAS. 'E,which wil commence at 10 o'clock-doors open at 9 e'clock. Director of the Mlusic-Mr. Charles Hail. The whole of the spacious pit wilbeenatirely covered, the stage thrown into thesalledoedanse-. ThLe Carnival widl thus comprise a dramatic-day, Mlonday, March 3, on whbichL sevent different performance will take place, and more than fOQartistes Wil appear; and a secouddayentirely devoted to the Ral MasquG. Admission to the entertainment on Monday will be, Grand balcony, Es. ; upper boxes, Is. ; pit and amphitheatre stalls. In 6. gller, I.; It thepiieeo]evn the house andretiurn- Masql o Tusda. fr a adyor entema,5E. Spectators-grand rFUHEATRE, ROYA14 IIAYMNARKET.-rare .L ments for the Week.-THIS EEIG(ody,b eie BSir Edward Bulwer Lytton's comeyoMOE.Atrhih(d -time). THE, IaTTLE TREASUEinhihMsBlceFaewl appear. Inconsequence of severa applications, the Opnn0 nyo teChristmas; Pantomime of THE BUTTEELY'S B ALL AND0 -THE GRASSHOPPER'S REAST, with all the brilliant Scenery by Mr. William Callcott, concluding witlt the Valley of Ferns, will be 'represented every Evening during the Week. To-morrow (Tuesday) and.on Wednesday, She Stoops to Conquer and The Little Treasure, Thursday and Friday, Mfarried Life, and The Little Treasure. On2 Saturday (first time), a New Comedy, The Little Treasurre, and the Openiing Scene of the New Pantomnime every Evyemag. TYCEUM HEATRE.-Great Attraction.-For ..L tis igt oly-On Saturday next MEarch S. for the BMENEFI of M. ALCROFI',whose suddenx and severe indispositionx has rendred im ncapbleof attending to business. Mlr. Arnold has genroslygien hetheatre, and the following eminent artist-es volnteredther srvieson this occasion. The performances to -comnmence with the opera of PEA DIAVOLO. Fra Diavolo. Mir. Sims Reeves ; LordAliasah, Mrr.Welss; Lorenzo. MTr. Manivers : Beppo 31r. Farquharson ; Matteo. Mr. S. Jones ; Zerlina, Mrs. isbus Roeevces; lady Allcasb, Mladame Weiss. An efficient Band and Chores are ~arage. CndutorMr.T. ormn Red.To be followed by a ~'are, n wichMr.ChalesMatews(bythe kind permission of B. T Smth,Req wil apear Wih oherEntertainments. Dress LYCEUM THEATRE.-Somethsing' good at the L,yceumn on Tuesday, Mfarcha I1. - T) YALPRICES's HEARE.TO-NIGHT .Lj(onay il b ~odcd eneranrva) nwand original p ay i hre ct,enitedTE IRTPRIT . To-morrow (Tueday. ad oThsda an Saurdy, he irst Printer. Wednesday Th Mechnt f Vnie. ridy a jvenleNight), The Wonderful oma: te Patomme;andAGam ofRomps. The P'anto- T EXATREROYAIL, AD)ELPHL.-Overflowing H se-egnat 7, and terminate at 1I.-Great Hift.-Th BlesedBay, Rea Sccamier.-60th time of the Mlost Popular and EleantBulesue ndComie Pantomime of Jack and the Bean Stak (s prfomedby ommnd efoeaer Maesty and the Royal Famly)-Furt Wek f M. ndMs.Keeley.-THIIS EVENING, BETSY RAXEII:bylr. and Mrs. Keeley-. 'With the new farce, caldTHAT-BLSSD ABY: by Mr. and Mrs Keeley. And the Royal burlsqu and comic pantomaime, called JACK AND THE 3EAN STAMI; or, Harlequin and Mother Goose at Home Again. JTack and Hlarlequin, Madame Celete ; Mother Goose andOolumbine, Hiss Wyndbam. ~ TR2a'DTHETRE.MissEVAS' BENEFIT. -GoSatrdy nxt Mach , illbeperformed the comedy of T WNDE. T beollwerbytecoedittaof PIERFECIO.N. Prinipa chracersbyM. Saldrs,Mr.Robertson, Bliss Thirlwall audisavan. Aterwhih. BsletDverissment. To conclude cretures, the very ati=e i character and ability to the unwieldy geu whose conformation they bear, whose playful gyrations are each IC as the most accomplished gysunastic artist can -.vith difficult execute, and whose performances have astonished and delighte milions both at home and abroad, the patronized of thelHonarcha and Priinces of Western Europe. and tha wonders of the zoological world, baring been included in the Rending arrangement for the summer camaig ofMr.WiliamCeocel CiqueImperial, which opens on Eastr Mnda net, arsrepat hei wodros fatsonly Twelve Nighs lnge, evry venng eecuingthei rearkblefeats; con- cluingwit th chf-deeure f TE GEATASCNT.Continued. Reidee). astSixI,ihtsof he nlyEquestrianPnoiei 1 BEIAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEA~TRE.- ~X Proprietor, Mr. Jobn DOuglass.-THIS EVENINTG (Mfonday), to commence withMArSES AN] PACE nwhich the whole strength (5 IY ofLONDN THATRE-Production of the eoslse strt ovety.SEL ISHNESS, or A Guilty ~!cince perormd THS* VENIG:ooncluding with Nelson EXETR-1ALLHOTEL, Strand.-E. NELSON_ TAVT-Thehoteles3ituateis in themostopenpartofthe WestStrad, cntigousto CharingrL ss, the theatres, for. Breakfasts, In. 6d.: dinner, 2s.; bed roocas, ; drawing room, including wax lights,4s.; with bed room ensuite, 7s. Attendance In A nightporter. HOTEL o RIV LI, 20, ruede Rivoli, PariS' cemandn vewsoftheExpsitonand the finest part of the gardns f te T~eres. pledidapatmets,richly fumished, lel-ganandomfrtaleseepngroms anevey atention to the coinlortf vsitrs.Inthhottwilbeoenachcie cellar and a first- (IRAN) HOTL de LONDRES, Paris, 5, rue Ca,l ~Xtition. Prprieor M.lQUSNEYhm,-thichoel,eoneof Siuthe larget an bes sitateinlaisRobetweend thuev,ardnds. TFieriesat taud AheaceVeudee,is duringlacl distinguisherdeamong oterstfuranth, - salunityofits siuation and thenmots,a of.itsf. apartment. Toravl cel.'ent restaurantchatstverymederatorprizes. d'hle a 4f pe hed, ncluin ahi bottle of Bnordeaux.oResoftaurnt mostconenint, he argst, nd ostquiet in Paris. 3OSEMH from the Hotel dles Etrangers and the HOAEL LO0UVOIS, begs to inform the visitors to Paris that they wil lfnd English comforts at thxis splendid hoteL. so well situsto on the hesal:hy place Louvoie-fine square, omamented with trees and a fountain, surrounded by the Tirieries, the ralais Royal. the Boume, the 3BouIevarta. Itooma, 2t., 3L, 4f., and 5f. Large apartments for families. TaLble d'hdtein aspacious dining room. All languges spolken. S OUITHA IPTON.-G. BUCHAN bogs to inform lades,genlemn, nd amlie viitig Suthmptn,orproceed. ing y an ofthe ut-oingmail, tat h ha eetbli hunhiself at No. , Oienal-lac, oposte he ock, kown bythe name of the _CA_FRANAISE 14,Gerard-street, SooHtldu Nord.-Very good ORDILNARY daily, at half-pa 5o'clock. Soup,boiled beef,flsh, hotjoits veetale, ad sla.Is. d. each. Terms for the hotel,44, a da~y, brcakft,dinner, ad bed room included. AMMDERER's RESTAURANT, 37, Cranbourn.&3_street, and 14, SIt. 3artin's-court, Leicester-square. Dinners -Gaily froml1until 3 o'lock. Dinners provided in priyate rooms for two 4r more person from Is. to Es. each, or % Is cart,- suPPws to be had -After the theatres at very zmoderate charges Fine St. Jullent 48. per 'bottle. 2s.pint. Absinthe Suisse. All kinds of choiceewines and spirits. S UN-DAY TABLE d'HOTE, Is. 6d. each-three kJcourses, two soup--, three sorts of fish, joints, entrIes, poultry. WrY; maccaroni, cheese, salad, Ac. : at 5 o'clock 0r. Sunday'5 and 5 ; 2 axd 5 o'clock. The celebrated CAt Punch.-Hotel depart-=Mcm. 1In: breakfast, with meat,i. In6d1.; tea, In ; attendance. IjerdaMY. Bed and board, with attendance, 6 per mouth.-RUDAIlE Salutation Tavern and Hotel, 17, Newgate-street, city. ,OhLD PORTER.-60 barrels, well adaVted for mix- ing, will be SOLD) bargain. Apply to Mir. 1. GreazbyL New _Vhartse4irtreet, Hull. _ OUR PORTER and STOUT BOUGHT. gs. per V73barrel gives. Addrea.to A. B., Mliles' library, near the Church, PUltE BEAD.-PTENT MILLS, much used in file,the flour beingz ground and dreaged at one operation. Plrice; sent on. receipt of a% stamped eurelope.-RICHARDS and Co., InInufacturers, III sAd 118, ELehupagate within. Also the new patent 1)OOKCASESsideboards, wardrobes, niid clining B l.l.2s f,.rZU4L3-,a T, 31AIGWICI4s 11, Puvunuit, Pinasbur THEATRE ROYAL. DRURY-LAI. Les,ee 3r. r. T. Smith. THIS EVENING, DELCATE GROUND. Chacters by Mr. C. Mathews, Mr. R. Roxby, and Miss 3L Ollyer. After which. TRYING IT ON. To conclude with HEY DIDDLE DIDDLE. THEATRE ROYAIE HAYMARKET. Under the 3fanagement of Mr. Buckstone. TM} EV ING, MONEY. By Messrs. Bnckstone, How4e. MissesIeynolds, Swanborough, &c. After which, TEHE LITTLE TREASURE. To oonclude with the ODeningScenes of THE BUTTERFL' BALL AND THE GRAsHOPPER'S FEAST. ROYAL PRINCESS'S THEATRE. Under the Management of Mr. Charles Kean. THIS EVE&NING will bo presented THE FIRST PRINTER. Characters by Messes. Ryder. Eyerett, F. Matthews, Fisher, Mellon. Cathcart, and C. Kean; Misses Heatht Murray, Eglinton, and Mrs. W. Daly. To conclude with HARLEQuIN AND THE MfAID AND THE MAGPIE; or, The Fairy Paradisa and Hanky Panky the Enchanter. THEATRE ROYAL, ADELPHL Prelietor, Mr. B. Webster; Directress., Madame Celeste. TMIS EVEMING will be presented BEISY RAXER. Characters by Mr. Keeley, Mr. Passele. MIss Wyadhain, and Mrs. Keelcy. After which, THAT BLESSED BABY. To oonclude with JAC AND THE BEAN STAI. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATE, Iessee, Mr. Alfred Wrg THIS EVENING, STILL WATERS RUNDEEP-Mfr. and Mirs. A. Wigan. To conclude with THE DISCREET PRINCESS; or, The Three Glass DistafsMesgrs F. Robson, Emery, Danyers, IL CToer. Clifton, White, Misses Julia St. George. Marston Ternan, Maseli, and Stephen. Commence at J past 7. THE1ATRE ROYAL. SADLER'S-WELLS. Under tho Management of Mr. Phelps. THIS EVMENING will be presented OTHELTLTO. Othello, Mfr. Phelps " agoe, Mr. H. Marston: Cassio..bMr. F. Robinson; Brabantie, Mr. Barratt; Roderigo, hlr. Belford; Ludovico. 3Mr. Lunt; Montano, Mr. T. C. Harris; Desdeniona. hfiss Eburne; Emilia, Mliss Atkinson. To conclude with BROTHER BEN. STRAND TEEATRE. Manager, 3Mr. T. Payne. THIS EVEN-ING will be presented THE MERCHAN-T OF VENICE Shylock, Mr. James RussdL After whicb,h.EWY DON'T SHE MARRY 7 To be followed by a Ballet Divertissement. To - RUYAL SURREY THEATRE. Lessees, Messr Shepherd and Creswilc. THIIS EVENING wil be presented JASPER LANGTON; or, A Duel to the Death. Jasper angton, Mr. Creswick. After which. THE SAILOR OF FRANCE. To conclude with WAITER AT CREMORNE. ASTLE'TS ROYAL AMPHITHEATRE. Lessee and Manager, M1r.W. Cooke. THIS EVENING will be presented THE ARAB OF THE DESERT AND HIS FAITHFUL STEED. After which, the Scenes in the Circle and the Ascent of the Elephant. To conclude with HARLEQUIN AND ST. GEORGE AND THE DRAGON. TO CORRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested to observe that the price of The Times is reduced to 4d., and that Wd. is the price of a copy with the impwessed stamp affixed. Under the amended reg,ulations of the Post-office (No. 60) The Times is transmissible by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an im.pressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymous communications. Whatever is intended for insertion must be authenticated by the name and address of the writer; not necessarily for publication, but as a guarantee of his good faith. We caunot undertako to xeturn rejected communications. JWThe publlcation of TnE TrMEs commenced at 5 o'clock on8aturday morning, and finished at 20 minutes past 9.
LOiVDON, MONDAY, MARCH 3, 1856. The debate of Friday night on the Crimean Commission adds little to our Inowledge of facts, but gives a clearer conception of the light in which they have appeared to the Government and its critics. Every speaker approached the' subject from a different point, and seemed to consider his supporter's arguments as erroneous as his adversary's. Mr. ROBBTucK and Sir J. PAnIGTow were, one of them the popular, the other the partisan opponent of the Ministry; but they differed as m.uch as the WAR SECRETARY could wish; for though Sir Join would have moved an amendment to the amendment of the member for Sheffield, he determined, when foiled in this, to vote with the Government which he censured against the gentleman whose form of censure he wished merely to change. Sir Dz LACY EvAs struck right and left, and left no truth untold, however unpalatable to Court or Minister, General or party. Mr. PEEL, whatever may be said, no doubt did " disparage and depreciate " his chief's own Commissioners; and when the PREnm rose he had the task of explaining the UNDER-SERETAR-eS explanations, and showing that by charges of haste and partiality no insinuation was intended, and that the Government were deeply indebted to Sir J. MIvNL and his able colleague. Mtr. GLAnsToNE, the old opponent of both Committee at home and Commission' abroad, lectured the Government from his own point of view; but the whole discussion was as irregular as the manner of its introduction, and had the only result intended -namely, to give an opportunity for speaking, on a subject which for the nation at large is full of interest. In truth, these discursive addresses, these personal attacks, these irritable rejoinders, these official statements, with their defiant tone, presaging only concession or retreat, this moody interest felt by the listeners, changed sometimes into weariness or indignation at the wranglings!, recriminations, and evasions of those concerned, represent truly-what is passing at present in the nation at large. So far as regards any immediate effect, it may possibly be found that the agitation out of doors will be as empty of results as the debate within. The General Officers themselves may meet in the place and with the accessories which pTecedent warrants; the implicated persons.may make either bad or good defences; the Commissioners may reply triuimphantly or tamely; and then we may find that all has fallen into the old track,-that every one is exculpated, that every one is promoted. Lord TLucA and his Brigadier, the Brigadier and his Colonels, though irreconcileable, may be all in the right. The issue of necessaries may be proved to have been neglected, but circumstances of an exceptional nature will be proclaimed as freeing all from responsibility. The session will have advanced, other matters will press for attention, peace may have been proclaimed, troops may be landing amid the enlivening strains of martial music, and the British world will have forgotten the disasters which, detailed with such minuteness, and commented on with such caution, roused its'indignation a few months before. Although, however, it may be that we are commenting on discussions that are&fo have no practical importance, we cannot forbear from calling attention to the Ministerial speeches of Friday night. One thing becomes more and more evident as this subject is debated. The Government had no conception of the importance of Sir J. MNErEd's report. It seems possible that no MIinister had read it attentively u'itil it appeared in irrevocable print. The long colurans of returns, the statistical tone of the document, the headings which seemingly related only. to articles of commissariat supply, the addition of an appendix,-all may have tended to disarm suspicion. The censure, rather implied than out-spoken, was to be found mingled with dry details or technical recommendations. Even if observed, it might be thought likely to escape public observation. Half-a-dozen sentences of censure might well seem lost in several hundred pages of blue-book. This accounts for the precipitancy of publication, the absence of any communication with the Horse Guards or with the censured officers. It also accounts for the speech of Mlr. PEEL, who represents the consternation of theWar-office at its own indiscretion. It must, in'deed, be an unpleasant reflection to the official mind that a Commission and a blue-book should be turned bycritics of the outer world into weapons wherewith to assault the depaitment that gave them birth. How much the contents of Sir J. BNrul's report have been discussed, and in what spirit they have been viewed on re-examination, is evident enough. Mr. PszL is quite ready with all that can be said against the Commissioners on the greatcoat question. He anticipates Colonel GORDONS defence, or rather his "explanations," with respect to the matter of the knapsacks. He does not exactly "hold in his hand" the letters from Generals of Division refusing to receive the soldiers' kits, but he knows that such have been written, and volunteers a statement that they release the Quartermaster-General from all blame. He talkes the highest ground in defending the late appointment of Sir R. A.nxY. Although not a man connected with the army was ignorant that great mistakes had taken place in the Quartermaster-General's Department-that the Commissioners had specially directed their attention to it, and were preparing a most elaborate report-yet the head of that department vwas transferred to the higher post at the Horse Guards. Lord PANnrux and Lord HEARD&nG:u have been apologetic on the subject-they had not seen the report, they could not have expected so grave a censure. But Mr. PaEED is triumphant. " Could any officer be "preferred to General AinY, with his expe"rience ? Impossible !" This is the tone of the most enthusiastic, though hardly the most discreet, champion of the Horse Guards, and he may probably be taken as the exponent of what all connected with him feel, though they may be more cautious in declaring it. After the speech of Mr. PEEL it was natural to suppose that the Government disagreed with and wished to disown their own Commissioners. That Wffese two gentlemen have been unexpectedly inconvenient emissaries is pretty well proved, and the MiDER-SXCnRETAY was so plainly eager to diminish the value of their testimony, and introduced so unnecessarily details which should have been left for another tribunal, that his chief was obliged at a later hour to pay an enforced compliment to the services of the Commissioners. But this was by no means the only unpleasant consequence of IMr. Pe's digressions ancd partisanship. The unfortunate asperity of tone which the debate received is chiefly owing to the charges which he implied in his self-assumed defence of the Quartermaster-General and his deputy. "W When "I listened to the speech of the UNDER"SEcxrETAY FOR WAR," said Mr. GrT.Onsro-yE, "I thought it was easy to anticipate what would "follow." The spirit of the subsequent discussion shows only too clearly how much the bonds of courtesy and of professional feeling have been loosened by the events of the late campaign and the unjustifiable exercise of patronage which has succeeded it. When we find not only in the field, but in the House of Comimons and the press, officers of the highest rank criminating and ridiculing each other, it is time to ask whether the whole military system be not even more rotten than the most discontented civilian has supposed.
Sir DE LACY EvAws is to-morrow to bring before the House of Commons the system of promotion by purchase, and to raise a question which has always been debated with very natural warmth on both sides. Yet the more it is considered, the simpler, thoulgh not, perhaps, the easier, will it appear. The inquiry takes the following form, and we shall perhaps do good service by a simple and dispassionate statement I of the case :-On what grounds or qualifications should a man receive an appointment as an officer in the army, or be advanced from the rank I he fi'ls to one of greater authority and responsibility? Here is the whole question simply stated, and, since we see that the military profession does undoubtedly require peculiar aptitudes, resolute study, and, to some extent, scientific talent, there would seem to be no doubt as to the reply. Obviously, appointments and promotions should be regulated by competence and merit; the men best fitted for officers should become officers, and the best of these officers should be advanced to the higher ranks of the profession. To this plain conclusion, however, the objection is raised, that no such discrimination as would ascertain the relative merits of officers could possibly be exercised. The distinctions professedly so made would really be made by favour only. In time of peace, especially, the means of distinguishing the deserts of one officer fromn those of another would be so small and so difficult to establish that there would be unbounded scope for the operation of favour or interest; whereas, if nothing but interest or favour could insure advancement, the state of things would be worse than it is at present. If military service so far resembled certain other professions that the infirnities of age brought with theni comparatively few disadvantages; if generals, like Judges, were little the worse for years, or even the loss of sight, there would be an escape from this perplexity in the rule of seniority. It might be very fairly argued that if the merits of officers were so similar and so nearly on a leveljas was alleged, they might clearly as well be taken in simple rotation. But, unfortunately, the profession of arms requires bodily vigour as well as military experience, and the acquisitions of a laborious career are liable to be nullified for the want of those active energies I which rarely last beyond a certain term of life. 'romotion by seniority, therefore, which would I make age the sole condition of advancement, wouldc expose the service to most serious disadvantages.| So the result is, that what must not be left to favour and cannot be assigned to age is conceded to money; not because the principle is either justifiable or satisfactory, but because the system is practically preferable to the abuse wlhich would be made out of promotion by merit, and the mischief which would flow from promotion by seniority. If the purchase system, however, is the least in a choice of evils, it is small only by such comparison, for it really operates in other ways seriously to the damage of the army. Under i such a system military officers must necessarily, as a general rule, be men of property. A Parliamentary paper lately published shows that the value of an ensign's commission in the infantry of the line is 4501.; of a lieutenant's, '001.; of a capfain's, 1,8001.; of a major's, 3,2001. ; and of a lieutenant-colonel's, 4,5007. In the cavalry the prices are considerably higher. Now, such conditions of service put it out of all question that men from the less opulent classes or from the middle ranks of life should, generally speaking, enter the army as a profession, although they may be well qualified to excel in it. Moreover, another misfortune is induced. Men who can afford to pay these sums can also, in all probability, afford other expenses, so that the Government pay of an officer, or. that remuneration which is presumed to recompense his labour by providing him with a subsistence, is kept so small as to answer no suclh purpose. That no officer below the rank of captain can live on his pay, or suppore his position in the army without some means indePendent of his profession, is a fact perfectly notorious. Hence flow two evils. In the first place, it is quite impossible that men who thus, practically speaking, serve without any fair recompense for their work should always render sucll good service as that which is secured by gool pay. The spirit of honour inherent in English gentlemen does a great deal, and prevents, in fact, many of the results which might be otherwise anticipated; but it nevertheless is evident that the miihtary profession is placed alto- gether in a wrong position. It is made a matter. of amusement rather than of business, and, as it can be quitted at any time, as it- was entered, by way of sale and without loss, it is not pursued with that continuous zeal which in other callings p leads to excellence and success. In fact, where advancement can never be insured by merit, and may usually be commanded by money, it is out of all reason to expect, as a rule, any laborious or systematic exertion. This is one disadvantage contingent on the purchase system; a second is, that while the profession of arms is thus made accessory to the pastime of the opulent, it can offer few openings to those who would be ready to foll7ow it in a different spirit. When it is said that meritorious sergeants ought to be made ensigns, the answer is promptly.forthcoining that such promotion would only be their ruin, inasmuch as they would find themselves in a society where something beyond professional excellence was required to give position, and where the pay was quite inadequate for its assumed purpose. In other professions the career is open from the bottom to the top. Not only may an attorney's clerk become Lord Chancellor, or an apothecary's boy a leading surgeon, but every step in their respective advancements is attended with proportionate gain. In the army, though a deserving private may be promoted with benefit to himself up to the rank of sergeantmajor, he cannot, except at great hazard, be transformed from a sergeant-major into an ensign. It is said that a serious obstacle to reform will arise from the necessity of buying up those interests which had been created under the existing usages; and in the Parliamentary return above quoted the total value of all the regimental commissions in the cavalry and infantry, Guards included, is estimated at 8,068,5351. The sum seems enormous, but there is still no reason for passive acquiescence in the evils which confessedly exist. At present we actually make the wolrst instead of the best of our present means, for, while we recognize the principle of seniority on the one side, andc the principle of purchase on the other, we perversely apply each of them just where it can do the least good and the greatest harm. If officers were promoted by seniority up to the rank of captain, the limits of age thus provided could hardly include much that was objectionable; and, if purchase were alloweed only in those higher ranks where it was most desirable that seniors should make way for juniors, we should be gaining the advantage of that system also, with its least amount of harm. But, as it happens, we do just the reverse, for we push the purchase system to its utmost in the subordinate ranks of the aimny, and revert to the system of seniority in the case of the higher ranks, where it tells most prejudicially. To get rid of such a system as this any pecuniary sacrifice would be trivial, and at the present rate of rapid promotion it would be very easy-by laying down the simple principle that no one shall sell a commission who has not bought it-to reduce the sum required to a very mnanageable amount. If we were to respect existing interests, but suffer no new vested interest to be created, we might, especially in a time of war, soon be able to deal with the whole system, and to render the British army, if not theoretically, at any rate practically, the best service in the world.
Despite of the tardy acknowledgment of the great services rendered to the army and to their country by the Crimean Commissioners which Lord PALMRESToN made on Friday night, these gentlemen have been unfairly dealt with in many respects. The excculpatory letters of the Earls of LurcA and CARDIGAN were, as we all know, laid on the table of the Lords. To these two letters Sir JoHN M'NEhLL and Colonel TurT-oCH forwarded a reply, but this reply has been hitherto smothered. The consequence naturally was that in the Commons on Friday night the Crimean Commissioners were exposed to the imputation of not having replied to statements which materially affected the accuracy of their report. The fact is the Govermnent only disclosed as much of the case as might assist the cause of the military officers accused. We draw especial attention to this as evidence of the spirit with which this inquiry is to be conducted. The obvious sophism with which the charge of unfair concealment will be met is this :-The Ministers are not to enter into the investigation-that is the duty of the Board of General Officers. Let us grant this for argument's sake, and but for argument's sake. What follows? The Earls of LucAc and CARDIGAN, Sir RIcHARD Anuy, and Colonel GoDoxN should then have been strictly bound down to a formal application for a Court of Inquiry. If they were allowed to argue their case on one side, Sir Jon MiNNE= and Colonel TUL- LOCH should have been allov.ed to argue their case on the other. If the arguments on one side were laid before the House, the same course should have been followed with respect to the arguments on the other. LI argument had been stopped altogether-if the M1inisters had placed on the tables of the Houses the report of the Commissioners, together with the formal application of the officers accused for a Court of Inquiry, that might have been well enough. From the moment they adopted the other course they were bound to declare the whole case. In simplest phrase, we would say, the Government should have disclosed all or nothing. This they have not done. They have kept the reply of the Crimean Commissioners from the knowledge of the two Houses, and therefore have so far deprived them of the means of arriving at accurate conclusions. It is obvious in this case that the Crimean Commissioners are as much upon their trial as the officers accused. The Ministerial speakers on Friday night used their utmost endeavours to blind the House to this truth, and yet upon it the decision turns. Lord PALanSTON, indeed, says that they may, Eike the rest of us, be present at the trial as spectators,-that is, when the General Officers do not sit with closed doors; but that is the utmost latitude which will be conceded to them. We say that, unless they are admitted to defend their own statements and characters, as the officers accused are admitted to defend their statements and characters, the trial is a mere delusion. It is also said that the officers accused are to be defended by counsel; and, if so, the astutest minds at the English bar wiUl be retained on their side. It will be a strange way of convincing the public that the Quxxes advisers are really in earnest in their expressed desire to arrive at the truth if we find them casting down the Crimean report before half-a-dozen of the sharpest lawyers in England, whose duty and pleasure it will be to tear it in pieces in the absence of Sir JouN .MNEnm and Colonel ToLLocu.
For fifty and odd nights Clown and Pantaloon bave now been playing their pranks with tea and beer, bread and pudding. Those who delight in the rather unamiable fun of pantomimes have crowded to the different theatres to see some stage countryman induced to drink a pint of blacking for brown stout, to see the meriy sprites pitched .nto an enormous cauldron and turned out a very respectable plumpudding; to see nurse giving lier caresses to a sucking pig instead of her stolen baby; to see soot thrown into the washingtub for the purpose of cleaning the clothes. Glorious Clown ! most sagacious Pautaloon !-the one represents the pleasure which the adulterator takes in outwitting mankind,.the other.the satisfaction which he feels in adding to his gains. They are now passing from the scbne, the play is over, and here at last comes the reality. We have laughed our fill, and a committee of the House of Commons-commencing its labours where Dr. HASSALL, who inaugurated the inquiry, concluded his-comes to declare in its critical way that we have been laughing at ourselves. The witnesses before this committee as3ure us that the tradesmen of London are playing the pantomime in real life and in deadly earnest; that we are the poor dupes, and that we have to pay for the sport which rwe give-to pay not only with our money, but with our lives. For the worst of it is, that the articles we purcehase are, they tell us, not mzerely diluted, they are adulterated-positively, abominably,poisonously. Thereis scarcely,theysay, a single article of daily use which it is possible to procure genuine from ordinary shops; we ask for bread and we receive a stone; for coffee, and. we receive chicory; for chicory, and we receive burnt carrots and powder of dried horses' liver; for oil of almonds, and we receive prussic acid, to heighten the enjoyment of the dessert by adding a little risk to it. People may talk of the wooden nutmegs which Mr. SAauxr SucK so successfully disposed of, and the wooden cannonballs which were said to fill the Russian arsenals; but we are just as ill off at home, with all the trickeries of art and all the chicaneries of law, custom, and fashion to elevate the trickster and to glorify his tricks. In blaming the tradesmen,, however, for the gross frauds which they practise on the linsuspecting public, it may be as well to point out that they are not alone to blame. There is no use mincing the matter, and we conceive that we do not save the tradesmen from one jot of the reprobation which their conduct deserves when we add that the evil is one which spreads far beyond the shop of the adulterator, and has not always its origin there. Throughout the counmtry there is no greater curse than the rage for cheapness-the false ideas that most people have as to what is really cheap. Enough has been said in these days about " system, " and rather too much of the responsibility which must be tirown upon it, instead of the individuals who move under its routine. But in this case we do not take away responsibility from a single individual when we say that the practice of adulteration is part of a system which not only the tradesmen who supply the articles, but the customers who buy them, are aliLe instrumental in maintaining. Here there is no Government to bind the system, like the Old Man of the Sea, on our necks for ever . each of us is free to act as we may-to act like honest men. As it is, we suppose-at least we hope-that the very magnitude of the evil will in its own good time work a cure. We cannot go on keeping up mere appearances for ever. In the meantime, however, if indeed we are to go on cheating and being cheated, we wish that the fraud should be confined withinlimits that do not affect ouir health. If manufacturers will make false jewelry -splendid diamond studs-for a few pence, theyonlymake the wearer very absurd. If they present us with a reel of thread warranted to measure 300 yards when it only measures half of that, we can buy another reel, and so make up the difference. If architects build houses that are unstable, we can prop and rivet them; if they are ugly on the outside, we can try to make them beautiful within; if they are petrified lies, we can swear the lies are none of ours. If the picture-dealer sells a daub for some great original, it is very bad, but a picture is not a necessity, .and the best pictures are in the fields. But what are we to do when our meat and drink are poisoned?--when from the water of the well to the produce of the tap all is more or less polluted-when the staff of life becomes literally a staff-when the plaster-ofParis cow that figures in the windows of dairies is a true emblem of the chalkiness of the milk-when confectioners entice our children with sweetmeats that have all the colours of the rainbow from all the minerals of the earthand when, to use the words :of the LxumYATE, the very dying are cheated of a few last gasps by one who " pestles a poisoned- poison behind his crim"son lights " Can it be that the British tradesman supposes that we like these things ? The public has just been regaled with the account of RIcH-AxD POESON drinking an embrocation in lieu of a more inviting beverage, and spirits of wine for gin, declaring it to be the best he had ever tasted. It would seem as if the tradesmen really believe such stories, and practically they become slow poisoners as truly as any of the prisoners who have been latelytried. Surely any one of respectability sufficient to gain credence for his assertion would make a fortune were he to set his face strenuously against all imposture, and determine to sell only genuine articles, even at a slightly enhanced price. So far from the enhanced price depriving him of custom, people would crowd to the shop, and might even be too ready to fall into a trap-into the belief that the increased price is a sufficient guarantee of a better article. We continually pay at increased rates for the sake of far less advantage. What we want is to get the very thing we ask for and pay for. Strange that, with all the wealth of the world at our call, there are very few in this metropoEs who can get a glass of pure water to drink or a bit of genuine bread to eat!
COUBT CIBCULAR. The Queen and Prince Albert, with the Princess Royal. and the Princess Alice, visited the National Gallery in Trafalgar-sXuare on Saturday morning. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness were attended by the Hon. Caroline Cavendish, the Hon. Flora Macdonald, Major-General Bouverie, and Captain Da Plat. Prince Albert afterwards rode on horseback attended by the Hon. D. de Ros. The Queen inspected 43 of her Guards, invalided from the Crimea, in the afternoon, at Buckingham Palace. The whole of the men, with three exceptions, had been wounded during the war. Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince, with the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, and Princo Arthur, attended by the Ladies and Gentlemen in Waiting, entered the Grand Hall, where the soldiers were assembled, at 3 o'clock. The Queen first inspected 10 of the Grenadiers, Colonel Wood, the commanding officer of the regiment, naming each soldier to HerMajesty, together with the different battles in whiuch they had received their wounds, while Dr. Brown, the surgeon-major of the regiment, attended the qneen to answer her inquiries as to the nature of the injuries. 16 of the Coldstream Guards were next inspected, Colonel the Hon. George Upton, the commandig officer of the regiment, and Dr. Monro, the surgeon-major, attending Her .Majesty. 17 o the Scots Fusileer Guards were afterwards inspected, Colonel MoncriefE the commanding officer of the regiment, and Dr. Richardson, the surgeon-major, attendingHer IMLajesty. The Queen questioned the whole of the Guards about their wounds, the actions where they were received, and the present state of their health. A At the close of the inspection the soldiers were conducted to the lower dining hall, where dinner was served to them. Prince Arthur and the Princesses Helena and Louisa visited the Zoological Gardens in the Regent's Park. Her Majesty had a dinner party in the evening. The cDMpany included the Duchess of Sutherland, Count Colloredo, the Austsiaii finister, the Earl of Harrowby, the Earl of Elgin, Lord and lady John Russell, the Earl and Countess of Mulgrave, tEe Dowager lady Cowley, Lord and Lady Poltimore, General Sir Hew D. Ross, Captain H. J. Cxdrmgton (Roya XNavy), and Colonel Warde (commanding Roval Hrse ilery). -7 band of the Scots Fusileer Guards played during dinner. MLajor-General Bucldey and Captain the Hon. Dudley de Ros have relieved Major-General Bouverie and Captain Da Flat in their duties as the Equerries in Waiting to the Queen and Prince Albert. Ytesterday Her Majesty and Prince Albert, with the Prince of Wales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, and the Princess Alice, attended Divine service in the Private Chapel of Buckingham Palace. The Hon. and Very Rev. the Dean of Windsor officiated. The Ladiesand Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household, also attended the service.. A deputation from Liverpool, on the Joint-Stock iCompanies Act, consisting of Messrs. Torr and Bushell, had an interview with the Right Hon. R. Lowe on Saturday at the office of the Board of Trade. The deputation was accompanied by Mr. Brown, IfP., Mr. .3rausley-Moore, M.P., and r. J. C. Iwart, BLP. Messrs. Bass, EHeyworth, and Price had an interview on - Saturdaywith Sir George Grey. Mr. W. Coffin, M.P., and Mr. W. P. Price, M1.P., Lad aninterview-onSaturday 4with theRight Hon. R. Lowe.
HEB MAJESTFS VISIT TO ALDERSHOTT. AIDERSHOTT, Fsu. 29. Her lajesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert# a. compamed by their respective suites, visited the camp this morning, arrving on the- ground about 11 o'cloc; The troops only received notice to fall in for theipcon about one hour previous to Her Majesty's arrivaL AlIthoug>h they are in general young z,oldiers, they turned out in a clean and soldierlike manner. The troops in the north camp were commanded by Colonel Hutchinson, Grenadier Guards, and were composed of the 50th Regiment, depots of the 1st and 2d battalions, and the 3d battalion, Rifle Brigade, 3d German Jaigers, and Somerset and Surrey Mihtia Regiments. The south camp is whoLy occupied by militia, which were formed up by their respective Brigadier-Generals. Her Majesty received the usual salutes on her arrival and, after passing down the ranks, th' whole marched past in quick time. Lieutenant =nox, lifle Brigade, who lost his left arm at the Redau onj the 18th of June. and was promoted from the ranks for h; gallantry in the Crinea, was observed by Her Mzajesty 'a her insoection. 'The gallant officer was presented by Gene. ral Knilly to his Sovereign in front of the troops. After a short stay at the Pavilion, the Royal party returned by rail to town. Target practice and musket drill is caried on vigorously by the musketry instructors from Hythe. Rental drillg takes place every morning at 10, except on marohing-out days, and of these there are two or three weekly. The General is always on the move, visitin- the different regiments when least expected. Field woAs are being thrown up by the Militia, instracted by the engineers. The church in the north camp was opened for the first time last Sunday for Divine service; the one in the south camp has been in use for some time. MTany of the schoolrooms are still unoccupied, in consequence of their having stoves instead of brickiireplaces. Governmenthas decided at theeleventhhour that theyshall he fitted with grates. Summer will be onus before it is done, and then we shall recuire neither. The 3d Jalgers were inspected by Colonel Foster, Deputy Adjutant-General, last WGednesday. 'They are daily expecting to leave for the East.
VNIVERSITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORDl. 1TA1WTT 9 The University sermons were this day preached, in the morning by the Rev. E. A. Iitton, of Oxiel College, Bamp. ton Lecturer, and in the afternoon by the Master of Balliol College. On Thursday the assize sermon will be preached by the Rev. G. De Teissier, of Corpus. In a Congregation held yesterday, at 2 o'clock, -which was very thinlyattended, a7form of statute mnalin- certain alterations in the Civil Lawv degrees, was read and promulgated The Registrar (Mr. Rowden) desired the omission of the clause fxing the fee to be paid by the bachelor of civil law on taking his M.A. degree at 9s. 6dL In a Congregation to be held on Tuesday, March 4, at 2 o'clock, after the Professor and Craven Statute, 'which t,hen comes before Convocation, has been put to the vote, the statute concerning the Lfusical Professor, Choragus, Pre. centor and School of Prctical Music, will be submitted to the House. The statute is divided in four votes. At the same time the statute altering the hour at which the schools may open, and diminis-ing the restriction on the re-appointment of Examiners, which was promulgated on Tesday, Febraary 26, having been amended by the Council, will be promulgated afresh. The alteration consists in the adoption of Mr. Hansell's amendment, by which examiners in the School of Law and Modern History are placed on the same footing in respect of reappointment as examiners in the Mathematic School and in the School of Natural Science. The examination for the Corpus Scholarships has terminateed in the election of M1r. Bidwell, from the Cheltenham Gramnuar School, and Mr. Carr, from Durham School; there were 24 candidates. The names of the following gentlemen who have been nominated to the offices of Examiners and Moderators by the Vice-Chancellor and Proctors in their respecti'e schools will be submitted to Congregation on Saturday, March 15, at 10 a.m. PUBLIC EXAMnERS. Mfr. WilliamEedley, M.A., U niv:r-] mty Colege.I . Ereerick Mricick, ML ,Tri-In Literis Humanity College. nioribus. Mr. Adam Story Farrar, M.A., Queen's College. J Mr. Robert Walker, LA., Wad- tIn Scientiis ILatheham College, fI naticis et Physicis M{r. Henry John Stephen Smith, In Scientia NateM.A., Ba3ioT College. f rali. MODERATORS. M. George Ridding, M.A., Exeter) College.In dolLiea fr. William Basi Tickell Jones, In Schola Litera M.A., University College. ra m umGrcarumet Mr. HenryFurneaux,M.A., Corpus I latiuarcmi. Christi Colege. J Mlr. Bartholomew Price, 1M.A., In Discilinaa Pembroke College. MathematicaruL r. Francis liarrison, M.A., Oriel Scholaa. College. )
A Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-office. It was attended by Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, the Marquis of Lansdowne, the Earl of Earrowby, Sir George Grey, Mfr. Secretary labouchere, Lord Pamnure, the Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Wood, the Right Ron. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alderley, Te Right Hon. M. T. }3aines, and theDul;eof ArgylL The Council sat three hours and a-half. TE SPRAEER'S DuINx1m AND LzvYs.-The following were present at the Spea'ker's fourth Parliamnentary dinner on Saturday:-Right Hon. WV Monsell, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. T. Chambers, Sir William Clay, Viscount Ebrington, Lieutenant-General Sir De Lacy Evans, 2r. J. Ewart, Mr. William Ewart, Viscount Goaerich,Er. Greenfell, Mr. Archibald Hastie. Mr. Hindlev, 3Lr. Hankey, Mr. :lutt, Mr. Holland, Mr. Xirkl, Mr. 3,fangles, Admiral Sir: Charles Napier, Sir J. Parton, SirE. Perry, LordA. Paget. Mr. Rich, Mr. Ricardo Mr. Steel, Sir J. Shelley, Captain Scobell, Mfr. De Vere, Mr. Otway, Mr. Keating, Hon. G.; Waldegrave, Secretary, Rev. T. Gamnier. The following attended the Levee .--Earl of Annesley, Capt3in Arehdall, Sir Joseph Bailey, Mr. H. Baillie, Mr. B J. Ball, Sir Thomas Baring, 3)r. Bass, Er. W. E. Baxter, Mr. W. B. Beaumont, Mr. P. Bennet, 3r. G. V. Bentincle, Mr. W. Biggs, Mr. Bonham-Carter, Sir R. G. Booth, RightHon. E. B. Bouverie, Mlr. G. Bowyer, Hon. Henry Brand, Mr. W. Brown, M1r. W. B. Bunbury, Sir G. Butt, Mr. Cairns, Viscount Castlerosse, Colonel Caul5eld, Lord B. Cecil, Viscount Chelsea, Mr. S. Child, Sir. W. Clay, Right Hon. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Clifford, Hon. H. Cole, Mfr. H. B. Coles, Right Ron. H. L. Corry, Mr. J. Craufard, Mr. Alderman Cabitt, Mr. R. Currie, Mr. S. Davies, Mr. W. Decdes, Mr. Dent, BightEHon. B. Disraeli, Mr. E. Divett, Mr. H. Drunmond, Mr. G. Duff, Mr. J. Duff, Viscount Dancan, Captain Duncombe, Mr. F. Dundas, Viscount Dangarvan, Colonel Danne. Sir .J. East, Viscount Ebrington, lfr. E. Ellice, Hon. J. Elliot, 3r. W. Ewart, Mr. J. Ewart, Sir B. Ferguson, Sir J.- Fergusson, Sir J. Fitzgerald, Mr. -J. ZFitzgerad, Right Hon. L Flitzroy, Mr. C. Forster, Mr. G. Frankliu, Colonel F. French, Mr. Freshifeld, IRight Hon. Mlilner Gibson, Colonel Gilpin, Mr. God. dard, Hon. Arthur Gordon, Mr. Ormsby Go,e, Hon. F. L. Gower, Mr.T. Greene, Mr. Gregson, Colonel Greville, Right Hon. Sir George Grey, Mr. Guinness, Mr. Hankey, Colonel Harcourt, Hon. C. S. Hardinge, Mr. Headlam, Sir William Heathcote, Mr. Heneage, Right Hon. J. W. Henley, Sir Thomas Herbert, Mr. Hildyard, Mr. Holland, Lord Hotha3m, Hon. Charles Howvard, Mr. Hutt, Mr. Johnstone, Sir Fitzroy Kelly, Sir Edward Kerrison, Mr. Knatchbull, Mr. Langston, Mr. Layard, Sir Charles Lemon, Mr. A Lockhart, Sir W. Lockhart, lMr. Macartney, Lord Lovain', Mr. MLackinnon, Mr. James 3rGregor, MTr. John MrGregor. Lord George Manners, Mir. Marshall, Mr. Monckton Milnes, Mr. Yoffatt, Sir Graham Montgomery, Mr. MIorriss, Adumiral Sir Charles Napier, Sir Stafford Northcote, Mr. Oakes, Cartain D. O'Connell, Mr. Bernal Osbolme, hIr. Packe, Lord Alfred Paget, Mr. Palk-, tVis Right Hon. Sir John Paldngton, Mrx. i. Palmer, Colonel Wilson Fatten, Sir Joseoh Paxton, General Peel, Sir Erskine Perrv, Mr. Phillips, Mr. J. G. Philliaore, MIr. R. Phillimore, MIr. l'ollard-Urquabart, the Hon. W. Portinan, Mr. Price, Mr. Pritchard, Mr. Pugb, Viscount Raynham, Mr. Ricardo, Mr. Richardson, MLr. Blolt, Mr. Hastinlgs Russell, Captain Scobell, 3Mr. P. Scrope, Mr. Eer Seymer, Mr. Danby Seymour, Mr. Digby Seymour, Sir John Shelley, Mr. Sheridan, Major Sibthorpe, Right Hon. Veruon Smith, M1r. A\bel Smith, Right Hon. Sir W. Somerville, Mr B. Stanhope, IHon. Owen Stanle, Sir lMlichael Shaw Stewvart, Mr. Tancred, Mr. Tite, Mr. Tollemache, Sir GeorgeTyler, Earl of Ixbrid"e, Mr. Vance, Lord Harry Vae, Mr Vansittart, Sir Wilam Verner Mr. HL Waddington, Admiral Walcott, the Right Hon Spencer Walpole, Coonel Watkins, Mr. Wells, M1r. Whiteside, Mr. Wienrm, Mr. Wilkinson, Mr. Wise, the Right Hion. J. S. Wortlcy, Gneral Wyndlzm, Colonel Wynn, Sir Watkin WVilliam Wynn, and Mr. WyvilL The foll6wing peers and gentlemen also attended --Thc Lord Chtan cellor, Lord Paniure, Sir Augustus Clifford, Lord C Russell, Vice-Chanc,Jlor.Page Wood, Mr. Lefcmre, thoe Hon. G. Waldegrave, secretary; and the Rev. T. Gamier. The following excuses were teLeived :-The Right Hon. MihEier Gibson, Mr. George Duican, Mr. Wateon, Mr. Deasv, Serjeant O'El3ien, ienerd Buckley, Mr. Apsley Tellatt, Mr. Ferglson, Mr. Atheitoit, Mr. F. Sculley, Cartailu J, O'Cont nell and Aldersuan Challis.
SECOND EDITION. THE TIMES OFFICE, MondayMmrninq. I EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m. The third sitting of the Plenipotentiaries was held yesterday, and with the same precautions as before.. The secret, it appears, is well kept, and owing to the difficulty of obtaining positive information of what passes, newsmongers carry to the utmost the exercise of their ingenuity. It would be a waste of time to relate the different versions current of the deliberations of an Asembly which, in the strictest sense of the word, are conducted with closed doors. I content myself with mentioning what proceeds from a better source than the ordinary ones, and what may bear the impress of probability. If the information be not much, I doubt whether much business has as yet been really gone through. The p3ublic is unacquainted with these deliberations, and owiig to impatience to arrive at the result, it supposes that everything must be by this time arranged, and that the sittings of the Congress are, in fact, little better than mere matters of form. This decidedlyisan error; there is yet much to be done. It must not be forgotten that the Congress has cnly met three times. The first sitting was a good deal taken up with formalities; it only lasted three hours and a half; thesecond was more serious; and the third was perhaps shorter in consequence of the presence of the Russian Plenipotentiaries at the religious service in commemoTatisn of the Emperor Nicholas. The proceedings of the Congress are necessarily slow, and, from their importance, every phrase, every word, has to be well considered and wel weighed before it be taken down in writing. We know the number of koursdevotedtothese deliberations where, I repeat, many difficult points require to be thoroughly examined, and viewed in all their bearings, and,therefore, things cannot go onwith the railroad speeddesira'ble; Accordingto theversion Ihave just alluded to, thefifth pointwas nottheone discussedonThursday,it was mnore probablythe question of thePrincipalities, he Plenipotentiaries having, it is said, agreed to ve the preference to the points with which they ,ere acquainted than with what was as yet undefined. It is also affirmed that the preliminaries of peace were not signedyesterday, and are not likely to be at the next meeting, which, perhaps, may not take place before Tuesday, in consequence of the opening of the Chambers to-morrow. Withrespect to thestate of affairs, it can onlybe characterizedlbythese words, msmez bien-pretty well; no ircidents which wouldindicatethattheConferences will not terminate satisfactorily, but nothing which authorizes any -one to assert that peace is all but made. Many discusscans, andc it may be warm ones, will take place; several difficult points will have to be adjusted-no one can pronouncethat they are insurmountable; and until some more time passes no one is safe in pre-dieting what their conclusion wiU be. For the last four or five days rumours of various kinds have been afloat; for instance, that the Conferences had been suspended, that a serious dis-sension sluddenly broke out between tne Plenipotentiaries, that Lord Clarendon or Lord Cowley was about to leave for England; and yesterday it was positively affirmed that the latter had quitted Paris abruptlyforLondon "togetfieshinstructions"-that a breaLk up was imminent in the French Cabinetthat the Emperor had manifested his displeasure against. Count Walewski, who was to leave the Pre2idency to some one else, &c. It is true that an interval elapses between the sittings according to the -time required for the drawing up of the minutes of each sitting, and in this sense a " suspension" wEi I dare say continue to occtr. With regard to 4t dissension" between the Plenipotentiaries there is little reasonto doubt of its existing, otherwise no dis*cussion-at allwoul&be necessary; and theConferences presume a dissension which it is their object to settle Eatisfactorily. Whether there be any secret intention on the part of the English Plenipotentiaries to absent themselves for a shorter or longer time I know not; butI can saywith certainty that, however they may be present in the spirit at Downing-street, in the -body they are in Paris, or at least were so up to 11 o'clcck last night; and I am equally sure that they have not quitted it since the Conferences beganunless, indeed, they were shot along the submarine wires across and back again, like an electric message. I am assured that there is no truth in -what has been said, about the retirement of -Count Walewski, and further informel that there is no misunderstanding whatever between the Emperor and his Minister for Foreign Afairs. Had there been any it is hardly probable that the latter would be retained a single day or hourin his present | post. Count Walewski sees the Emperor twice a day, sometimes oftener, since the Conferences commenced. He sees and confers with him before business, and again immediately after-to concert 'What is to be said and done, and to report what has been done each evening. As might be expected, the countenances of the Plenipotentiaries are scrutinized whenever they zappear in society. While the peace of Europa is " like a clipped guinea, trembling in the scale," from the gay or serious expression of tLeir features acute people guess to which side the scale is inclining. M. Cavour -was seen the other -night partaking of some punch xc la Re-imaine, and his open good-humoured countenance beaming with smiles. It was a clear proof that certain projects respecting the Papal States, if not all Italy, occupied hiis thoughts. Count Walewski shook his head twice while conversing with the Ottoman Plenipotentiary, and caught him by the button-hole. What could it bee Nothing less than that French predominance was established in the East. It would be useless to repeat the inferences drawvn from every elance of the eye, every smile on the lips, every movement of the head, every wave of the hand, of the m-en on whom so many eyes are fixed. iThe efforts these well-watched gentlemen make to look charmiug in public night after night are beyond all praise. Yet the task is a diflicult one; even Plenipotentiaries are hardly exempt fom tlle annoyances which fall to the lot of less sublime mortals, but whether they are distressed in mind or body, sufferin.g from the grippe or the gout-from headache or cmad-they are expected toappear dignified, courteous, and communicative; and, with a load of responsibility on them, to look- like C7aryatides, "Condemned to smile and stand at ease, " With a whole house upon their shoulders." The Chambers open to-morrow; and the speech from the Throne can hardly ba, in whiat relates to the -Conferences, otherwise than of a general kind in it-s language, but it is probable the the language wvi not be dicouraging. AUSTRIA. (FluOx 0U OWtr CORPXSPONDlNT.) VIENNA, FEB. 27. An official despatch containing the news that an rnistice had been signed on the 25th reached this city on hMonday evening, but it was not made public unti yesterday at noon. Yesterday at 7 o'clock in the morning His Majesty, acconiliaied by five Archdukes, leftforPrague. It is said that Count Colloredo will be removed from London to Rome. Count Appony, who is now Austrian Minister at Munich, is mentioned as his suoussar. The negotiations between the AustrianL and Bavariam Governments relative to the junction of the Vienna-tinz-Salzburg and the Munich-Rosenheim-Salzburg Railroads are said to have terminated satisfactorily.' A well-infoimed person states that M. de 'Fonton is more likely to be appointed Russian 'Minister at Frankfort than at this Court. Many Russian ladiez have recently passed through Vienna on their way to Germany, and it is surmised that their mission is to win or buy for their Government the sympathies of some of the more influential Germans. The railway is now complete, and open to the public all the way from Vienna to Dembica, a place about half-way between Cracow and Przemysl, in GaDicia. We learn from Bucharest that the Porte has desired the Hospodars of Wallachia and Moldavia to remain a year longer in office. The diplomatic intercourse between Austria and Sardinia is likely to be of a more amicable nature than it has been during the last seven years. It is related that Prince Richard Metternich has been definitively appointed Austrian Minister at the Court of Saxony. His Majesty reached Prague at a quarter-past 5 yesterday afternoon. Long London was done at 10ff. 9k. to-day, and the premium on silver fell to 4? per cent. FE. 28. ARl that is positively known here relative to the Paris Conferences is, that the greater part of the business is to be transacted in writing, and the fifth point discussed first. An account of what took place at the second Conference hasbeenreceived here, and it must be presumed that it was not particularly favotirable, as men in office look grave and talk of " the numerous difficulties to be overcome." It does not, however, follow as a matter of course that bad news has been received, for the Viennese are ever either over sanguine or the very reverse. The Oesterreichische Zeitung contains an Odessa letter of the 19th February, by which we learn that there is to be a new levy of 23 men in 1,000 throughout the whole empire. The Senate has approved of the measure, and it is about to be sanctioned by the Emperor. The Odessa correspondent observes that the new levy is "a measure of precaution, and not a menace." It is rumoured that Prince Gortschakoff is likely to be raised to the rank of Marshal, as a reward for his services on the Danube and in the Crimea. The typhus is now less violent at Nicholaieff. "The news contained in the foreign papers, that a part of the province of Bessarabia is to be ceded to Moldavia, has caused great alarm, and the landed proprietors are in the greatest hurry to dispose of their property." The weather had undergone a great change at Odessa, and the thermometer had fallen from 52 to 20 Fahr. It is necessary once more to return to the story of Count Paul Esteihazy. The version in circulation in aristocratic circles is positively false, for official information has been given me that as soon as the application was made by the son for permission to visit his dying father, his Excellency, General Baron Kempen, on his own responsibility granted it. Count Paul Esterhazy is allowed to live in Austria, but not to come to the capital, it being the residence of the Imperial Family. The hereditary Prince Albert of Saxony is now at Prague with the Emperor Ferdinand. Prince William Radziwill has been sent by the Court of Prussia to congratulate the ex-Emperor and Empress on the 25th anniversary of their wedding-day. The Fremden Blatt learns from B3ucharest that Major Whitmore is still there making contracts for the delivery of forage for the British cavalry. On the 18th a fire broke out in some stabling in which were 120 horses, belonging to a detachment of Austrian Lancers. Many of the horses were burnt. The fire is supposed to have been the work of an incendiary. PRUSSIA. - (Fmox ouR OWN COBSPoONDENT.) BERLINT, 3Lecr 1. There can hardly be a more striking contrast imagined between two Parliamentary factions than is exhibited at present by the Right and Left sides of the Prussian House of Deputies. All the motions that the former has hitherto brought forward in this session, and all the argumentation that it has expended, have been directed exclusively to the pecuniary or political advan-' tage of the Tory party in the country, represented by the old nobility and the large proprietors of land. I may yet find an opportunity of forwarding you a further report of the proceedings of this self-seeking, narrow-minded, junkxr party, that is sacrificing all the best interests of the country to its own private advantage. For to-day, however, I would rather confine myself to the more satisfactory matter offered by the Parliamentary activity of the Left side, inasmuch as anything that tends to benefit any one country on sound principles is an indirect benefit to all, and, therefore, of interest even to a foreign rbader. Passing over a motion brought in about a week back, calling upon the Rouse to pass a bill for amending and extending the present conditions on which private bankls can be established in the prcs7inces, which, though of the highest importance to the country, as supplying a deeply felt want, is not of much interest out of the country, I will cite only the two last motions made by the Left side, as standing in the closest connexion with the national interests of Prussia, and with questions that excite general attention at the present time. One of these motions is, that,- " The House of Deputies will resolve to call upon His Majesty's Governmcnt to take the oppressive burdens of the Sound Dues into special deliberation, and to consider how far the present moment is suitable for giving notice of the 'expiration of the treaty, and also, in case of any negotia- tions being opened on the subject of the navigation dues, to avail 'itself of the assistance of a conrnittee of men acquainted with shipping interests." It is easy to foresee that when this matter is debated in committee the Government will, as on former occasions, point out the impropriety of the Rouse coming to a resolution on a question that is just now the subject of international negotiation, and the intimation will probably be made, that the present agitated state of the European Powers and Prussia's disadvantageous position among them just now, make the present time an unfitting opportunity for taking any prominent part in procuring the settlement of the question. But, though Prussia's want of power and influence prevent her from taking any step towards the protection of her own interests in this matter that is not the case with England, whose interest in the subject is evidenced by the immense quantities of timber and corn she imports from the Baltic :' of this latter article official documents lately published in London showed that Prussia alone supplied us with a larger quantity than any other country in the world. The question of the SoundDues is generally represented in our press as one that mainly concerns Denmark and Prussia, and the latter as trying, for her ow.n advantage, to deprive the former of a principal source of her revenue; but it would be fully as correct to state it as a question int.imately affecting England and Russia. Thus in any scheriie of indemnity to be paid to Denmark for the repeal of these dues the share of the two countries will be about one-third each of the whole sum; this is the measure of their interest in the question, and it is of the highest importance to the people of England to observe that our Government has hitherto, in all 'negotiations on the sabject, gone hand-inhand with that of Russia, although the interests of the two countries, though pecuniarily equal in amiount, are opposed to each other. Russia'sipolicy is to exclud'-- as ranch as possible every foreign coilmercial marine from the Baltic by dWIrJshing the profits of the Baltic navigation, and EiglsAnm s is to facilitate her intereourse with those coastS foe I the sake of the import and export trade she already' carries on with them and may immensely increase. Those who may desire to inform themselves of tt.e origin, rise, and present nature of the Sound Dues will find aU they want to know in a pamphlet entitled Der Sut2dzoll tind der IVelliandel, an English and French translation of wlhich has lately been published in Stettin, the former under the title Ont 'Soutn?dDzues and th7eiRelyaiowfoGe?seral Commerce. As my last letter informed you, the Russian Commissary at the present Sound Dues Conferences has accepted the Danish proposal with a great degree of emp essement. As, however,theDanish Government has expressly declared its willingness to enter upon the capitalization scheme only in case all the States represented at the Copenhagen Conferences declare their readiness to pay their share of the indemnity at once, while with the States not represented there Denmark is to be left to negotiate separately, the probability of the plan being generally accepted seems to be small. The Danish Govermnent trusts that by getting a settlement accepted by the bulk of the nations of Europe now represented at this, Conference, it will compel the United States to accept the same arrangement, on pain of seeing all Europe arrayed in war against them. The official Danish journal lately said, "Should America attempt to resist this European law," (the proposal now made by the Danish Government,) " all Europe would enforce obedience and respect to it, and accept the war that would thus be declared by the criminal attempt of the United States," (viz., to pass the Sound without paying dues.) The further interest that Russia has in the rtention of the Sound Dues, or if that be not possible, their capitalization, becomes very apparent when we read one of the papers that Lord Palmerston lately laid on the table of the House of Commons, relative to the succession to the Danish Crown. I allude to the note delivereJ by Baron Brunow to the Danish Mlinister von Blie, at the time of the protocol settling the succession to the Danish Crown being signed in London in 1852. The Emperor of Russia had, in a protocol drawn up at WYarsaw in the previous year, resigned for himself and his issue in favour of Prince Christian of Glilcksburg, as presumptive heir to the Throne of Denmark, all the rights to the reversion of the Danibh Crown accruing to himself as representative of the elder line of the House of Holstein Gottorp; in the note above alluded to the Emperor reserves these rights to himself and his male issue ini case the direct male issue of Prince Christian should become extinct. ThIIus, in addition to the reasons Russia has for keeping foreign shipping out of the Baltic, must be reckgned the desire of benefitting the finances of a petty kingdom in her immediate neighbourhood, to the throne of which her reigning house has a distant reversionary claim. If the present Conferences at Palis should subsequently merge into a Congress, at -which various moot points of European interest may be arranged, the distinct exclusion of the Russian Imperial family from any reversionary pretensions to the throne of Denmark would form one of the most valuable steps towards relieving Germany of the crushing dread she entertains already of her northern neighbourf whom she sees at present in possession of an almost impregnablemilitaryposition commandingthe centre of Germany, and whom she looks forward to as sooner or later clutching Scandinavia in her grasp, and so far surrounding and outflanking Germany as to make her incorporation into Russia a mere question of time and expediency. Another motion just made by the Left side is. of less European interest, but of the most intensely vital interest to this state of Prussia, which itpleases the press for the most part to describe as living side by side with Russia on terms of the greatest cordiality and friendly satisfaction. The motion runs thus- That the House of Deputies will resolve to express to His Majesty's Government the expectation that it wil take steps to procure thorough relief and satisfaction for the long enduring and just grievances,moreparticularlyQf the eastern frontier provinces, in connexion with the Russian prohibitory fiscal regulations and the Russian frontier system of exclusion; aind that a state of things may be brought about with some prospect of duration, which shall not, like the present, stand in direct opposition to the existing treaties and the exigencies of traffic and intercourse between the two countries." The President of the House proposed to appoint a Special Committee to deliberate on this motion; but on the Minister of Commerce stating that this system of exclusion and prohibition on the Russian frontier exercised an influence over the whole kingdom, and not only on the Eastern provinces, it was at his suggestion referred to the usual Committee of Trade and Manufactures. There are so many things of interest to be mentioned in connexion with this subject, and the outcry that has been raised against Prussia for acting the go-between to Russian sellers and English buyers, that I will reserve the subject for another letter, having already trespassed sufficiently on your space for to-day. DENBTIARE. The opelling of the session of the Supreme Counci of the kingdom of Denmark took place at Copenhagen on the 1st inst., with the usual ceremony. The hereditary Prince and the whole Court accompanied the lKig, who made a speech on the occasion. His MHajesty expressed his satisfaction at behold; ing assembled around him the delegates from every part of the kingdom. Re hoped that the result of the assembly would be to cement and strengthen the bonds- which unite the different parts of the monarchy, the unity of which would be a shield against danger from without, at the same time that it would assure free development at home. After thanking the Almighty for the maintenance of peace the King expressed the hope that Providence would continue to preserve the country from the evils of war. The speech concluded with the announcement that no important project would be brought forvard in the present Session, but that an Extraordinary Session would be convoked shortly. ASSASSINATION OF A SOLICITOR; (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPIL) - . DIUBLIN, MONDAY HORNING. Saundprs's Newslettei, of this morning, announces the receipt of a telegraphic message, stating that Mrx. Thaddeus Callaghan, a respectab!e solicitor, of Fitiwilliam-square, Dublin, and Ballyronan, county of Galway, had been assassinated, near Portumna, on Friday last. ELE3CTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCOES. (FROR OUR OWN CORRVSPONDENTS.) SOUTHAMPTON, MONDAY IORNING. Arrived.-Bessie, from Sunderland; Pacific, from Stockton; Eden, from Alexandria; La Poule, from Cherbourg; South-Western, steamer, from Jersey. Sailcd.-Linierick Lass, for Newport; Queen, steamer, for Oporto; Sisters and George Johnson, fof Sunderland; Devonshire, steamer, for London; Gomzlza, for Australiz. . --- . . . LIVERPOOL, MoNDAY MoRiNsG. wind E.N.E. Arrived.-Iancaster and Potomac, from Now OrIiekas I Victoria, from Mobile; Standard, from Savannah; Sea Belle, from Charleston. Saled.-Gambia, ior Toulon; William and Charles, for SSibraltar; Leno, for Genoa. WSDINIX,R Wind W.N.W. A-sed.-Ladv Cecilia, from Alexandria. Wind S.Wf. WATERFORD, FEB. 29. Arrived.-Sylph, from %.Iazagan. qUEENSTOWN, YLAROc L Wind E. Arrived.-Granton and Saml. Boddington, from Callao ' Esther Ann, from Pernambuco; North Star from Athens; Abana, from Syra; Nancy, from Mmzagan. (By suBARlWE A-IiD RTrnLs T!ELEGBAPEH.) GRAVESEND, MoND Iy, 9.3S A.3. Wind N.E., fresh, and cloudy, past high water. Arrived, 2d.-Wave, from Guernsey; Barbadian, from Mauritius; Alford, from Stettin; Anna Dorothea, from Memel. Arrived, 3d.-De Jongo RLentie, from Worcum. Sailed, 3d.-Wynaud, for Hongkong. DEAL, MONDAY, 9.15 iL31. 'Wind N.E. by N., strong. Passed.-Tar, schooner, from Swansea, forLondon; Edina, I schooner, from Shields, for Rio Janeiro; Her Majesty's gunboats Griper and Herring, from the River, for Portsmouth. STOCK EXCOANGE. MONDAY MOpaNuG, II O'CLOCK. Consols for IMoney ... ... 911 to 91g Consois for Account (M1arch 11) 91ta to 911 Consols Scrip ... ... ... 1} to 1 pnM. Exchequer Scrip ... ... ... 14 to :q pan.
FOBEIGN INTELLIGEArNOB. FRANCE. (FROM OUR OWN COBlMSPO0NEIrANT. PARIS, SATURDAY, ManCH 1, 6 P.r. An anniversary funeral service was celebrated today at the Russian chapel, in the Rue de Berry, for the repose of the soul of the Emperor Nicholas. Mass 'was performed by the Arclimandrite of the former embassy, M. Wassilief, assisted by his colleague of the London Embassy, who came to Paris for the purpose. The Russian Plenipotentiaries were present wvith their suites. The Emperor Napoleon had sent his Grand Equenry and Prince Jerome his first Aide-de-Camp, General Ricard, to represent them at the ceremony. Princess Mathilde, dressed in deep mourning; Count d'Hatzfeld, the PIussian M1inister; Baron Seebach, the Saxon Minister; Baron Bourgoing, ex-Secretavy of the French Embassy at St. Petersburg, and a number of other distinguished personages formed part of the attendance. At 12 o'clock the service was over, and Princess Mlathilde, who had entered the chapel leaning on the arm of Baron Seebach, was conducted to her carriage bv Count Orloff. The Emperor will open the LIeg,islative Session of 1856 on MIonday, at 1 o'clock, in the Salle des Miarechaux at the Tuileries, and receive the oaths of such members of the Senate and of the Legislative body as have not yet gone through that formality. All persons who are to attend the Emperor, as well as the diplomatic corps, the Cardinals, Ministers, Marshals, Admirals, Grand Crosses of the Legion of Honour, and others who are to be present .at the ceremony, must be at the Tuileries at the latest by half-past 12. Salvos of artillery will announce the conmmencement and the conclusion of the cere-mony. " We have reason to believe," says the CwOsitutio-nne.,- " That the allies of the 2d of December have iven notice to the. Russian Plenipotentiaries that at the expiration of the armistice concluded until- the 31st of March no prolongation of it will be granted. Before that date, therefore, the preliminaries of peace which contain the casus Wczli must be accepted and ratified by Russia." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received "-nLSanLLES, Feb. 29.-The Simois has arrived with accounts from Constantinople to the 18th. The resignation tendered by Omar Pasha has been refused. Accounts had been received from Kertch which state that the Russians ,had retired. General Willin,is still continues ill at Telli. The sanitary state of the army in the Crimea is not so satisfactory as could be desired." "MAsLmLErs, Feb. 29, Evening.-The Journaf de Con,taaiWnoj,k demands that the Turldsh frontiers in Asia, particularly on the side of the Caucasus, shall bo strictly de-fmed, in order to prevent any further disputes. The monetary crisis at Constantinople has somewhat subsided, but buiiness at the departure of the steamer was completely at a standstill. Letters from the Crimea state that immediately after the destruction of Fort Alexander the allied arnnies hastesied to carry on the works for blowing- up the Qaarantine Fort and Fort Paul, in order to be able to complete the whole by the l5th of February. The Russians continued to fire shot and shell on 'he boats of the allied fleets, which frequently-enter the harbour during the night and pass by Fort Constautine and the redoubLts on the north side." "1MLEsEILEs, March L-An order has been received here to prepare vessels for conveying 10,000 infantry and a battery of artillery to the Crimea, to replace the troops which have returned to France." The IssdZpendance Belge publishes the followig letter, dated Hamburg, February the 27th " The prohibition to export fresh, salt, or smoked meats from Finland is generally considered in the north as a more or less hostile iueasure of Russia tovards Sweden. The population of.the latter, inhabiting the coast of the Gulf of Bothnia, have been from time inmuemorial in the habit of drawing their provisions from the smnaU harbours and the interior of Finland. The exportation of all sorts of grain aud dryvegetables continnes to be severely interdicted, and it often happens that Finnish boats are sEtopped and their owners fined for attempting to run over at night with their cargoes to the Swedish coast. The islands of Aland, which again occupytheattentionof the European press, stil remain inthe state of abandonment they have been in eversince the destruction of Bomarsund. Although it appears sufficiently proved that no other Power but Russia can, without the possession of Finland, maintain itself in those poor and barren islands, public opinion in Sweden, nevertheless, persists in demanding their restoration to the Crown of King Oscar. What I wrote to you with regard to the relations tending to become more and more intimate between the English and Swvedish Governments is confirmed by several letters of the 22d, received to-day at Hamburg from Stockholm. The exchange of couriers has been of late very frequentbetweenthe capitals of those two countries, and M. Magennis, the EnglishresidentMinisterat Stockholm, aswell as the entire pea soelt of hislegation,are on the best possible terms at Court. On the other hand, the relations, formerly so intimate, which existed between Sweden and Germany, and Prussia in particular, have lost much of their cordiality. Persons well acquainted with public a;fairs at Stockholm daily perceive the change which has taken place in that respect. The German alliancead policyare now thrown into the shade. That difference is even felt in the Conferences at Copenhagen for the settlement of the Sound dues question. Althoughthe greatestnumber of the Plenipotentiaries have not yet offlicially made known the intentions of their respective Governments in that respect, it is well known at Copenhagen that the Swedish Envoy has been instructed bybis Court to adhere, as far as it may be consistent wiith the interests of Sweden, to the views and resolutions of the Governments of England and France." The ships of the line Trident and Marengo, and the frigates Uranie and Vengeance, left Toulon on the 29th ult. for Constantinople. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 50c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 97f. 25c.; and the New Ioan at 73f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,275f.; Great Northern, 990f.; Strasburg, 980f.; New Shares, 830f.; Peais and Lyons, 1,257f. 50c.; Lyons to the Mediterrauean, 1,490f.;. Western of France, 877f. 50c.; Bordeaux and Cette, 770f.; Great Central of France, 645f.; Lyons and Geneva, 757f. 50c.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,50f.; Anstrian Railways, 91af. Cours AuJJtentiue.-PAPsM, March 1-Cash PrIceHFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), 96f. 96f. 10c. 50c. 97 ; Three per Cents., 72. S0c. 60c. 50c. 40c. 50c. Bank of France, 3,455f.; Credit Foncier, 640f. ; ditto Obigations of 500f., Four per Cents., 440f. 450f.; ditto Tenths, 97f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 410f. ; ditto Tenths, 95f.; Prorm. Obligations of 1,000f., Three per Cents., 930f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,575f. 1,580f.; Discount Pank, 650f.- Piedmontese Five per Cents., 89; ditto Three per Cents., 58!.; Austrian Five per Cents., 89; Rente de Naples (othschild's), 113; *Romans, 864; Spanish Deferred Converted, 24; ditto Interior Debt, -8. Exchange on London, at sight, money, 2S. 35o.; three months, money, 24f. 92.ic.1 SARDINIA. (FRO- OUR 0W CoRRESPONDMU.) 'URIN, FJ. 26. At the opening of the Chamaber of Deputies today M. Deviry said,- " That ho wvished to demand explanations from the Minister regarding a very serious affair. On Friday evening, he said, a rumour was current of a grave nature, of disorders and mutiny -which had taken place at Novara. VWhon tho. matter came to be cleaed up it &;ppoared that it referrd to disorders occurring in the Anglo-Italian Legion. These 1 .ts were. erhaps exaggefted by the public voioe, but the fact is that the Govetruinsll po.; troops to Novar and that it had given orders to the chiefs of the rog s ^i the frontiers that they should redouble their vigilance. I thoiughb (said he) that t'e official journal, or the papers devoted to the MIinistry would mot have remained s;il7ct on this matter, but now I demand an explanation from the Govemnent. - It concerned -the arrest of Dersons who had been consigned to other authorities than ours. I beg the Mnister to relate to us the state of affairs, the more so if t be true that he has been informed by a foreign source. "31f. Rattazi, Minister of the Interior, replied that he would willingly answer the interpel3ation addressed to him regarding the report of a disturbance at Novara. In the first place (he said), it is not necessary to denythat therehas been a mutiny either in the town or in the Legion, because no one believes in anything of the kind. Here are the facts which gave rise to these rumours which have been about:Some of the chiefs of the Legion had feared that some of their soldiers had conceived an idea of forming a seditious movement. For the rest, there were no proofs that this alarm was well founded; the chiefs of the Legion, however, had communicated their fears to the Government, and therefore the Goverrnent, which hal always a great surveillance, on this account conceived it to be its duty to arrest certain persons -who had been consigned to the political authorities of the country. This is the naked truth; the rest is exaggeration or rumour without foundation; I should not have thought it necessary to contradict this rumour by the official journal. As to semni-official journals I have before declared that there are none. I should not have thought it any duty, I say, because if the Govermnent was to busy itself in contradicting all the rumours that fly about it would not have timne to attend to anything else. Mloreover, I thought that as Parliament was sitting the deputies who imight desire an explanation froin Government would make an interpellation. "AL Deviry said that the explanations of the Minister obliged hiu to aisk leave to speak again. If arrests have been made, the affair must be smore serious than we are led to believe. If the arrests have been made in the town the disorders mnust have occurred in the town, because if they had occurred in the barracks the English military authorities alone might have made the arrests. Apropos of this, I would inquire of the Minister how much longer this Anglo-Italan Legion is to remain in the country. We have allowed the English to recruit here, but not to remain always. When the l)ik-e of Modena, to avoid a long detour, asked permiission of the Government to pass a fewi troops through our country, it was granted them, but the troops were obliged to deposit their nrms, which were transported in carts escorted by our Custom-house officers. The English. Government has decLired that when the w ar in the East shall be finished the Legion shall be sent to the colonies. Has Engeand taken liednmont for a colony? (Laughter.) Yes, gentlemen, I believe so, since, up to thb present, they have fixed no limit to the occupation. I ask tmmis of the Minister tbo more because the English authorities exercise here some jurisdiction ~M. Pattazzi`-" I deny it."] They exercise a jurisdiction m their barracks; for the rest it suffices for me to have called the attention of the Ministry to these facts, and I hope that if any inconvenience arises from them a remedy will be applied. " M. RattazzL-I will answver the most serious point. It is not true that any jurisdiction has been accorded to the English Government on Sardinian territory. The English 4wthorities cannot even exercise jurisdiction within their barracks. There was nio violation of English ri-hts th6refore, when the political power ofthecountry mace asrets in the barracks. For the rest, whatever may be these rights, tbe arests in the present case were made by common consent of the Piedmontese political authorities and the English ,fficers of the Legion. As to how much longer the Legion may remsain in the country, it must depend on the arranger.ents letwveen the two Governments; but it is certain that the Ligion cannot remain here for ever; and, further, to tranqulhirze IL Deviry, I can assure him that w-hen the English Goverunment nmade alusion to the colonies it certainly did not intend to insult Piedmont. (Laughter.) As to the facts quoted regarding the Duke of Mrodena, I will observe to M. Deviry that at present it regards an allied Power, and that no risk w.as incurred by .allowving its troops to renain armed in the State. It is true that the Governn:entshould take all precaution thatno disorder should occur, but it has not been wanting, and it wi1not be so. I bilieve I have now answered the interpellation of M. Deviry." It is only necessary to add, for the right understanding of this conversation, that 1. Deviry is a member of the extreme Right, the opposition of which party to the Western alliance has -all along been steady and consistent, and their papers to-day an contain articles on the Anglo-Italian Legion of the same tone as 1M. Deviry's remarks. In its sittings of yesterday and to-day the Chamnber of Deputies cosinmued the discussion on the taxes on trades and professions. M. Bianchieri proposed that the :Honse should adopt onlythat part of the project relieving the poorer classes, and adjourn the discussion on the augmentation on the zich until the definitive law was presenteL Tlis proposition was rejected, having been only supported byr aboult 30 members of the Rieh~t-and Left, aXna M. deRIevef .(reportemor o-ene-Uiomminaasnur - *U lawrs), who is generally considered the leader of the Right Opposition, separated himaself fromn his party cn this occasion to vote ~vith the MiEnistry. The general discussion laving terminated thus which amounts to the acceptance of the principle of the bill, the Chamber passed to the discussion of the separate articles, which will last several days most probably. It was stated in the Opinsiona of this morning that the-Sardiiaan Government had addressed a note to its diplomatic agents abroad, explaining that the Sardinian Government could not receive the recent amnesty of Austria as a reparation for the injustice committed by the sequestrations, and insisting that its clinis on this subject should be heard. This, however, I am assured, is inexact, as it is not possible, in the present state of the cae, for the Sardinian Government to notice officially an act which has only oeen communicated to 'it verbally, and in which communication no allusion was made even to Sardinian subjects. SPAIN. (FRno OUR ONw COR.-SmONnDM--T.) MADRID, ERR. 25. The adjudication of the Madrid and Saragossa Railway, which was to have taken place to-day at the M'linistry of Public Works, has been postponed til the 8th of March, bat no offers will he received besides those already sent in. The latter amount to five, transmitted to the Minister of PuIblic Works by as many different parties, who have all lodged the requisite deposit. - There are in the field the Dnuke of Sevillano, in representation of several Spanish capitalists; Senor Salamanca, for himself and others; Senor Matheu, ditto; also the Grand Central Railway of France, and the new Credit Mobilier Company. From what has transpired it appears that the reduction proposed to be made on the original amount of subvention offered by the Government to those who will contract for this line varies from 20 reals per kilometre to 2,500 and 30,000 ditto. It seems to be expected, however, that between this day and the final and public adjudication of the line an understanding will, be come to mnong the competitors by which this large undertaking may be shared among them, or some of them. Senor Osma, Mr. O'Shea, and other members of the Cr6dit Mobilier Company received yesterday the deputies aud other representatives of the provinces of Valladolid, Palencia, and Burgos, at the residence of Senor Osma, in the Carrera de San Geronimo, and were addressed by Senor Obejero, deputy for Palencia, and also by Senor Orense, deputy for the same province, on behalf of the deputation. Apublic entertainment will be given by the above deputies and provincial representatives to the members of the Credit Mobilier Company in the course of the wreek. General Zabala, Minister of Foreign Affairs, in his capacity as the acting Minister for the Colonies, has partly redeemed the promise of the Government to present the colonial estimates. The Gazette to-day contains those of Porto Rico, which for the year 1856, and first half of 1857, are calculated at 2,778,763 dollars 42 centimes of revenue, and 2,659,230 dollars 62 centimes of expenditure, leaving a surplus of 119,532dollars S0 centimestowards paying ofsu of 392,000 dolrs duebytheTreasury of Porte Rico Ol account of draughts drawn on it by the Home Government - i. e., if not absorbed by extraordinary expenditure that may occur during the period which the budget has to run, owing to special circumstances. The Three per Cents, were done to-day at 38 65, and the Deferred ditto at 2405 and 24.
REPRESENTATION OF R SHRE.-The Hon. Gilbert Renr Heathcote, late 3.LP. for Boston, hasannounced himself a candidate for the representation of the county of Rutland, in the room of his father, recently elevated to the peerage, under t'he title of Baron Ave1and. Mr. Heathcote says-" Daring the time I have had a seat in the House of Commons I have voted on almost all the great questions which now occupy the attention of the country. A reference to them will better guarantee my future conduct than any promises or pledges I could give you. Your interests are indissolubly bound up with those of agriculture; it mil be my desire, as well as my duty, to study to promote them to the best of my ability. In regard to the importantsubject ofthewar, I am notone of thosewllo take a low and desponding tone. Deeds have been done by our forces unsurpaKsed in the annals of history. Our militory organizationhas been greatly improved, and our army ud navy werne never more efficient than at present; and, althouh I oin in the desire for pe, yet I trust it wml be maade on just and hoaourable ter;,."
AMERICA. (BY M4Z=rI0 TnL EG,&?'r.) LTV:RPbMIs BUMAyH1PNxaBr. 'rhe United 3at' mail steamship Qaker Cit (in place of the Thwfic) arrived yesterday, vith Advices from New York to the 16th and six passengers. The Royal mail steamship Persia has also arrived, with advices from the same port to the 20ths $700,000 in specie, and 145 passengers. Up- to the time of the Persia's departure nothing had been heard of the Pacific. The steamer which had been sent in search of her had not returnedL The Royal mail steamship Canada, with the European mails of the 2d of February, arived at Halifax on the 19th uIt. She had seen nothing of the Pacific. In the Senate a long-continued party. contest as to the election of a printer had at last resulted in a selection. Several discussions without result had taLen place respectingthe affairs of Kansas. In order to arrangehis committeeswithoutannoyance, thenew Speaker, MIr. Banks, had deserted his usual place of residence, and taken lodgings in some undiscovered place of conceal-ment. The State.Department had sent to the Senate a mass of documents bearing on the Central American question as far back as 1850. The 2Yew York Herald says:- SWe published on Sunday several extracts from the London newspaper press on the Central American question. That from the London Titais is unexpectedly generous and conciliatory, and the protocol of the Thunderer for a nacific settlement of this warlike entanglement is a refreshing novelty in its way. This arrangement, if duly ratified and carried out between the two Governments, would certainly make clean work of the whole business; but -we agree with the London Globe that the proposal to root out that alleged gang of pirates and murderers is just the point where the shoo would pinch; we could do no such thing. Those men have expatriated themselves; they are no longer citizens of the United States. WVe are no longer responsible,for their acts, and if upon a call from one native revolutionary party in Nicaragua acting against another such party, General Wallker andhisfollowershave. gone and conquered the country, it is an affair to be settled by the sovereign people of Nicaragua." Speaking of the declaration of Lord Clarendon, that the London Cabinet had proposed a reference of the matter in dispute to the arbitration of a third Power, the Berald says:- " The united States have nofriends inEurope, and therefore reject the idea of arbitration." The muembers of the Western Anti-Slavery Society had memorialized the Legislature of Ohio to withdraw fromn the Union. Barbour, the witness against the acquitted Irish Fllfibusters at Cincinnati, had been put on his trial for perjury. The English Consul had given evidence in favour of the veracity of the accused. Mr. Dallas, the new Minister to England, was to leave in the Baltic on the 5th inst. ; his son had been appointed Secretary of Legation. The Governor of Knsas (Shannon) lad left for his post, with full instructions to execute and carry out all the laws of that territory. He carried with him instructions to Colonel Sumner, who had charge of 800 troops, stationed at Fort Leavenworth, to hold himself in readiness for any emergency that miight arise. A railway train weighing eight tons had crossed the Potomac River on the ice. The Northern Light had arrived at New York from San Juan, with advices from California to the 21st of January, and $242,678; and the St. Louis from Aspinwall, with $123,028 on freight. - On the 5th of February Her Majesty's ship Eurydice and the mail steamer Clyde were in the harbour of SanJuan. Her Majests ship Espiegle had sailed the previous day. The United States' sloop of war John Adams had arived at Panamafromr the reejee Islands, where she had been to chastise the natives for cruelties to American seamen. During the cruisings of the John Adams, five sharp engagements took place between lier crew tli6eEo,nesians. Five of their largest toi,ns were burnt, and all the houses therein reduced to ashes. Atreaty was ratified between Commander Boutwell and the King of Fejee on behalf of the American Government. The isthmnus of Panama was very free from epidemic or contagion. There had been some slight insurrection in Lavilla. In Nicaragua affairs -were quiet. General Walker had about 1,000 men with him. President Rivaz had issued a decree suspending all official commanications with the 3inisters of the United States. Mr. Manning, Acting Vice-Consul of the British Government at Realejo, had addressed an officilletter to the Minister of ForeignRelations of Nicaragua, in, wvhich he sympathizes with tCe Provisiontal Government of Nicaragua in its endeavourstomaintain quiet among its disorganized population, and to bringing prosperity to a peopie reduced to want by aimless revolutions. Re assures the Executive of the good-will of the British Cabinet -while the affairs of the Republic are conducted in accordance with the " usages of the laws of nations ;" he also recognizes Walker's commission as a General, and promises to transmit to Sir Charles Wyke, English Consul in Guatemala, a copy of the iValker-Rivaz treaty. The J. L. Stephens left San Francisco on the 21st, vith $1,275,54S 19c. on freight, including $259,1)71 for England. The mines continued to yield a regular supply, and great preparations were being made by the farmers for sowing an immense quantity of grain duringthe coming season. Business at San Francisco was dull. Accounts from Havannah of the 13th ult. report the state of the sugar crop as unfavourable. Acdvices from Vera Cruz report that Puebla had capitulated. Comonfortwas about to despatchfrorn the city of Mexico nearly 7,000 soldiers, divided into three brigades, against the insurgents. Santa Anna's property had been seized on account of his treason and other crimes. In the interior all theN telegraph wires had been cut away. Uraga had been beaten. It was said that the soutlhern provinces were quiet. The Canadian Legislature was opened on the 15th of Fi ebruary by the Governor-General. Letters from Porto Cabello of the 27th of Januiary report considerable activity in business. The advices from Valparaiso are to the 16th and Callao to the 26th of January. Political affairs were tranquil; 10 or 12 edifices had been destroyed by fire at Valparaiso. Peru -was in a very unsettled state. The New York commercial advices reportthat the6 money-market w as plentifully supplied with capital, and a good business was being done at the rates previously quoted. The stocL-market was buoyant. Exclhanges continued firm, and bankers, expecting a further advance, were indifferent about draWing at the present rates. Bills on England in good demand at 108. to 1091; and on France, 5f. 1S8Ice to 5f. 211-c. - In cotton there had been an advance of tc. to ;CJ per lb. during the week. Flour was selling at a ftuther decline of 25c. per barrel. The market for pork had slightly imnproved. Naval stores were dull. Iron.-The business in Scotch pig iron was very small, at $34 from the vessel, and $35, six months, from thle yard. Common English bars sold at $62 50c. Refined was offered at $67 50c. No alteration of moment in freights. " TALBoT v. TAuoT."-We are requested distinctly to state, in reference to ar. J. G. Phillimore's motion on Thursday evening, in the case of "1 Talbot v. Talbot," that Mr. P]?iflmore w4as acting in direct opposition to the express w ish of al Mrs. Talbots famzily in )nrin4ih the matter before the notioe of thoe House.
THE ARi'Y IN THE CRIMA. (FROM OUR OW2N cDORiui?lo1DZIL4) CAUP BEFORE SEBASTOPOL, Fi. 15. The very large number of Post-office orders that hiAve already been applied for and granted in the Crimea sufficiently proves how much that easy node of sending money home was needed by this army, and hoW fallacious were the arguments of hoseewho- maintained that the paymasters of regiXnents already afforded every facility to men 6sirous of transmitting small sums to England. Wominally they may have done so, bat, practically, It is now pretty clear that nothing of the sort was bhecsse. The demand for ordershasbeen so great that the Post-offices at Balakiava. and Head-quarters illpprobably be compelled to suspend their issue for Want of the necessary printed forms. Only 1,000 of these were sent out to each Post-office, and, in the firt two weeks, ending Saturday, February 9, :,030 orders were given, the total amount of these ]being within a trifle of 3,0001., showing an average of not quite 31. per order. This result has exCeeded the provisions of the Post-office, and kas certainly fully realized the most sangaine Dxpectations of the advocates of an extenicon of the money order system to the army Kn the East. Some soldiers have sent home ; much as 151., and even 201., showing how long and steadily they had been saving up their pay; :nd also, it may fairly be inferred, the practical IzimLtility of paymasters as channels of remittance. YThe Army Works Corps,whose wages are very high, DaAe great use of the Post-office to send money ;Ikome. Of course, if the army were to move, there would be a stop to orders, at least for the time, and the soldiers do well to profit by the facility afforded lhem while still sationary in their extemporized Winter quarters. I have been requested to forward for publication, la order that the benevolent donors may know their gifts have safely arrived, the subjoined lists of }ooks, &c., received for the use of the army by the -evr. Henry W. M. Egan, principal chaplain in the Crimea - "One parcel of books, from ' A few ladies at Torquay;' two boxes of the novels of BeSrice and Modem Flirtation', Irom Miss Catherine Sinclair; four cases, from the editor of the Daiffy Express, Dublin; one case of new books, from br. John Murray, Albemarle-street; two large cases of games cabg4gam-mon, chess, dominoes, &c.,) sent anonymously; eight cases of books, tracts, &c., ditto; one large box of }books sent by ' Her Royal 1;ghnless the Duchess of Rent,' hrough Miss Nightingale; one large box of games, plays, Kp, music, and engravings, including an engraving of the 1toyal family, sent by 'Rer MaJesty'-Miss Nightingale; tour cases of books, stationery, with diagrams, maps for !ecfares, &c.-' Miss Nightingale'; a package of the Picto3ize Tbies-' A Clerk in Mr. Spottiswood's office'; six tase oE books, collected by 'Mr. Albert Smith'; one kox of school slates, copybooks, and stationery, paid for pat of Z7 Tima Fund." Besides the above, invoices have been received Of seven cases of books from the temperance societies of England, which, if they be all tracts upon temperance, will much more than meet the demand for that class of literature. Notice, also, lam come of the transmission of 5,000 Bibles and a3 many prayer-books; also of the shipments of a a case of games and books from Mr. N. Wilson, of Devonport. All the books received (and they include a large number of excellent works, new or as good as new) have been distributed equally among the different divisions and corps of the army inthe Crimea, which. nLow possesses a library and reading-hut in every division. The diagrams are used for lectures, now qluite i" vogue and well attended; the music is !ound useful for choirs and concerts; the games are distributed in the hospitals and general huts. It is proposed to call in -al the books games, 1c., at the termination of the war, and with them to establish a library in some large dep6t, or larrack, or permanent camp-at Aldershott, for 5n.st^anRc. There is an i cmmenac a caa for sc6Lct, material, elementary books of grammar, and arithmnetic; but it is now too late to get these from Englnd, since before they could be received the army would be preparing, either for another campaign, or for " return home. One cannot look over the well-arranged, careIlUy selected, and often costly contents of the Cames of books, games, &Ac., sent out from England, without feeling that the army in the Crimea is deeply indebted to its countrymen and countrywomen, and that, if it has nobly done its duty. its sufferings and sacrifices have been acknowledged by the promptest kindness and benevolence. No reasonable appeal, properly put forward on its ibehalf, has ever failed to find a prompt and liberal response from the people of Great Britain. There are grounds forthinking that the good whichhasthus k,een done will not have been limited to the tem3?orary amusement of the soldier or to keeping Eim during a few months from idleness and drinkalthough that alone was well worth all the trouble taken and expense incurred. But the benefit is likely to endture after the war shall have terminated. The establishment of libraries and extensive circulation Vf books among the men have stimulated their desire for an improved education. It is impossible to erect huts enough to accommodate the number of applicants for admission to educational classes. If this praiseworthy desire for instruction should be sustained, it will have been cheaply purchased at the price of the books, even if these are all lost. Great care, however, is taken to preserve them. A non-commissioned officer acts as librarian; he takes down the names of borrowers, and is responsible for the safe return of the books. All gifts of the descriptions above referred to for 'the use of the army in the Crimea should be sent direct to the principal chaplain, who occupies iaimself most kindly and actively in their distributiOni. In this manner every portion of the army receives its fair share; whereas, if individual appeals in the newspapers are largelyresponded to, a Particular brigade or corps obtains, to the exclusion of the rest, a preponderating amount of good tings. A professional dramatic critic would just now find atbundant occupation in this camp. The army seems possessed by a theatrical mania, and the number of theatres grows so large that, allowing for distances, dark nights, heavy roads and the absence of cabs, :no one man could possibly take cognizance of all the "first representations of screaming farces" and lively interludes which nightly provoke roars of laulghter from well-pleased audiences. It i5 one thing to witness a comedy at the Haymarket and then hurry off to see a burlesque at the Lyceum, ind another altogether to attend the lst Royals' playhouse at Kamara and be back in time to see the closing piece performed in the theatre- hard by t*athcart's-hill. However, I hear talk of a projected paper to be published in camp, devoted to the drama, and entitled The Theatrial aM Miitary Gazet; or, the Chimean Players' Chronice, the first number of which will shortly appear, should no interdict be laid uipon it by those higher powers who profess a particular horror of the press. Pending its production, I may briefly record the highly flourishing state of histrionics in Crim Tartary. Sticklers for the legitimate drama may condemn the ilassof performance; but, illegitimate though it be, it has beguiled, and will still beguile, for thousands Of officers and men many an evening that would pthervise be dull. I am not aware of Shakspeare having been as yet attemDted; there wras some talk of genteel comedy, but nothinc has come of it, and I suspect it would be found diffcult t.o muster the requisite amount of black coats, whit-chokers, aud primrose gloves. By a few darig and melodiou3 spirits opera has been hinted at ; but, although there might be ba*os, barytones and tenors willing to adventure themselves befora an indulgent audience, sopranos and oontralto* were not to be had, and the project is still in nuibus, and not likely to be realized; so that farce has continued to be our staple theatrical commodity. At Kamara and at Cathcart's-hill, in the Rifle' Camp of the Light Division, and in that -of the Guards below Donnybrook, it reigns supreme as yet. People in England can hardly imagine how well some of these performances are got up-under, it must owned, very considerable difficulties and disadvantages. There now have been three performances at the New Theatre Royal of the 'Fourth Division;- the first two were for the soldiers, that of last night was for officers. The theatre is a spacious and well-constructed hut, Sloping from the entrance towards the stage, and down it is drawn up a column of benches, the centre bit of each of which opens with a hinge, to permit passage without scrifice of space. Upwards of 300 persons find convenient sitting room. The two front benches are cushioned, and are allotted generally to the officers of highest rank, and totheforeign visitors. Last night si Generals were there seated, two of them FrenchmenGenerals De la Motterouge andBaron de Malet-the latter of whom speaks English like an Englishman, and seemed heartily to enjoy the performance. On the right of the orchestra is a door, above which a transparency, with an indicative hand and the word "saloon," tells the way to - the refreshment room. The orchestra, which in the old theatre was in a corner, is now in its regular trough, between audience and footlamps. The proscenium is not yet completely painted, but promises welL In the centre, above the curtain, is a capital transparency, executed by Captain Dall, General Garrett's aidede-camp, who is not an A.R.A., merely because he has had the misfortune to prefer the sword to the brush. The British arms are there displayed; a splendid red lion, with a sardonic countenance, is prevented only by the shield between them from making a savage onslaught on a beautiful white unicorn, with a very exalted horn and hoofs delicately cloven. Above are the numbers and initials of the various corps composing the division. The curtain isno longer of canvass and drawn aside, but a most correct green, which lifts and lowers. The scenery, especially some sporting pictures which adorn the parlour of Squire Fallowfield, is of a very high style of art, but the modesty of the artists who have done it by stealth, and blush to find it fame, forbids mention of their names. I will transgress, however, so far as to say that a considerable portion of it is done by a private rifleman, named Emery. Of the actors I have spoken in a former letter, and have little to add, except that practice, increased habit of the boards, and a better stage have been of considerable advantage to them. The pieces performed last night were John Dobbs and Going to the DerbJ. The honours of the evening were for Captain Earle, who, as Peter Paternoster and Jeremiah Twiddle, fully established a claim to be a firstrate .amateur in the comic line. Lord A. G. Russell ras extremelycool, dry, and amusing as John Dobbs, andMr.Lacyexcellentasthejealousgrocerof No. 10, Lamb's Conduit-street. Mr.Clarkson,asMrs.Plummy, wasa magnificentold woman, all creaming over with smiles and maternal tenderness; and Mr. Harrington, as Sam, the waiter, would be worth much more than his lieutenant's pay and allowances to any lIondon hotelkeeper. There was not a hitch in the whole night's proceedings, and the laughter and applause were almost incessant. Several of the actors and actresses were summoned before the curtain, and, if no bouquets were thrown to the latter, it must be attributed certainly not to deficiency of merit or charms on their part, but probably to the present great scarcity in the Crimea of flQwers, both natural and artificial -tne oiny-~ r sia Siras naveawIy ileen been being cauliflowers, and those rare and brought from foreign parts. "God save the Queen," and C"Partant pour la Syrie" closed the performance. They were played, I should add, by a capital orchestra of 16 musicians, chiefly belonging to the bands of the Rifles and 68th Regiment, and which executed, before and between the pieces, some well-chosen music in very good style. The Methodist preacher sent to the Crimea by the Wesleyan Missionary Society, and whose [presence here has been sanctioned by Lord Panmure, has arrived. It would, perhaps, be incorrect to saythat he has commenced his spiritual labours, for he finds hiraself much in the position of a shepherd without a flock, the formation of which, it is presumable, is the real object of his coming. Judging from the result of inquiries I have made, there is no pretext for the introduction of a Methodist minister into the British camp. The men are all well content to class themselves under the three denominations-Church of England, Presbyterian, and Roman Catholic, which have their priests and ministers already here. It is difficult to recognize the wisdom of sending out a representative of a sect that here lacks professors who are not satisfied with the means of divine worship already afforded them, to be, as it were, a symbol of the sectarianism and disunity which are the greatest misfortunes of the reformed church. I say, "sending out" because, although this missionary is not to be considered as in any way on the clerical establishment here, or entitled to the pay and allowances received by the chaplains attached to the army, he has Lord Pamnure's permision to be with that army, without which he very probably might have hesitated to come out. I should add that there is no objection to be made to him personally; he appears to be, as I am informed, a mild and amiable man; but his presence here cannot be separated from an intention to detach men fromtheEstablishedChurchb There are surely enough religious differences in England, without propagating them in the army in the East. If the Secretary of State for War gives tacit encouragement to a Wesleyan missonary, how shall he refuse similar indulgence to 1aptists, Inde. pendents, and other Dissenters? I know not whether there are any Mormonites in the army, but, if there be, why should not they, too, put in a claim to an expounder of their peculiar tenets! In some respects they would be restricted to uinsatisfactory theorizing; a plurality of wives is hardly to be thought of in this womanless land; but it might be comfortable to them to listen to words of promise and to pIeasant anticipations of better days in some agreeable Agapemone, or farwest American State. In short, if the system now introduced continues to be acted upon, we shall have all sorts of meeting-houses and field-proachings uprising in camp, and shall be safe from the intrusion of no sect save the pacific one of the Society of Friends. This certainly is a most mendacious camp. Rumour, the majority of whose hundred tongues are in all countries given to fibbing, seems here to have no true one in her mouth. The most groundless tales and deliberate untruths, originating none know where, are retailed with all the calm confidence of conscious veracity. After -having been repeatedly told the e-xact day and hour on which the murderer Day was to suffer the penalty of his crime, I was assured the other morning that his execution had taken place at daybreak. Tho gallows had actually been prepared, but we aow learn positively that he- is not to suffer death, and that his case has been referred to England. You are aware of the circumstances of that case. It certainly appears one demanding. prompt andl exemplary punishment. Such Lis the opinioa I hear everUhr. exnreaaed in cam, and the lenity displayed excites much -omment and censure.- IQae reason given for it is, that the -murdered ian' would probably have died of the wounds Jor: which he was in hospital, and that thereforo his end lwas only accelerated by the blows of his brutal, cowardly, and ungrateful assassin. The same reasoning might bring impunity to every murderer, since none do more than azceerate death. The argument is too absurd to be serioualy entertained, and I cannot believe that, as I have been told, it has had weight-in high quarters. The fact is that it has been predicted to me from the firstthat the murderer would not be executed. The present system of home-government of the army inspires its generals with a timid dread of acting " on their ow,n hook." For the slightest motive the wires quiver, and advice or licence is asked. The spectre "Eesponsibility" stalks aboult Head-quarters, a fearful phantom and terrifying presence, and stunts our4 Commander3-in-Chiefinmto mere telegraph dircors. As regards strictly military news, I have very little to give you. The right siege train has begun to embark for England. Three companies marched down to Balaiava this afternoon preceded by several of the Light Division bands, which played them some way on their road, and cheered by the men in the camps they passed through. - The whole of the right train is, I believe to be at once shipped. Several infantry egiments have lately marched down to the BalakIava stores, into which they gave their old rifles, and received in exchange new ones on the Enfield plan. The Ru3sians havebeenfiringprettyheavily to-day on the Frenchto the right of the Karabelnaia. OurfatiguepartiescontinuetobringupRussiancannonsfromSebastopol.The enemy occasionallyshells them, but with little effect, and they mind that much less than the badness of the tracks they have to pass over, which greatly impedes the transport of the heavy artillery. Yesterday morning a strong party of roadmakers commenced catting a road,toextendfromthat of Woronzoff to the Redan. Sir Colin 'Campbell rejoined the army yesterday. He is to have command of a corps d'arm6e. To conduct it to Mediterranean gamsons, or to lead it to victory in Asia ?-this is the question every one now asks himself. FEB. 16. The weather continues fair, but a south wind blows, and there is a dampness in the air which tells of approaching rain. The temperature is high for the season. At 9 a.m. the thermometer isat 46 deg. Fahrenheit out of doors. GENERAL ORDERS. Head7-quarters, Sebastopal, Feb. 12. No. L AU detachments of troops landing at Balaklava will, in future, march to camp, in regular marching order. Transport will be provided for camp equipage and extr clothing only. No. 2. With reference to No. 1 of the General Orders of t'he 9th inst., the rate of pay of Second-class Interpreter Lombardi is increased to 10s. per diem from theist of February. No. 3. Captain Bligh, 41st Regiment, has been appointed to act as one of the mixed commission, with the pay and allowancesof Deputy-AssistantQuartermaster-General, from the 8th of February. No. 4. Lieutenant Fraser, 41st Regiment, will act as Adjutant of his regiment, and may draw the usual allowances accordingly, from the 7th of February. No.5. Lieutenant Valiance, 95th Regument, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as a Captain, from the Ist of February. No.. Assistant-Surgeon Willes, 89th Reghnent,having been in medical charge of his regiment, may draw field allowance as surgeon, from the 17th of December, 1855, to the 18th of January, 1856. No. 7. Leave of absence is granted to Major G. C. Henry, Royal Artillery, to the 29th of February; Major Hudson, 39th Regiment, to the 29th of February, Lictenant G. B. Price, 11th Hussars, to the 23th of Eebruary; and Inter. preter Haralampedes, to the 29th of February. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 13. No. L The following appotments to the Land Transport Corps are made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known:-To be Captain-Captain E. M. Palliser, West Cork Artillery Militia, from the 8th of Febrary; to act as PaymasterQuarternaster Allen, 6th Battalion, Land Transport Corps to be Quartermasters-Quartermaster-Sergeant Thomas Bairstow, 33d Regiment; Paymaster-Sergeant John anon, 39th Regiment; and Paymaster-Sergeant Patrick Francis Foley, 31st Regiment; ,from the 12th of February. No. 2. The following non-commissioned offlcer is appointed Instructor of Musketry until further orders:- - Eergeant J. Thompson-71st Regiment, Is. a-day from the 22d of Januaty. No. 3. Leave of absenoe is granted, atthe recommenda. ion of medical boards, to Captain Sheehy, 41st Regiment, to the. 15th of May; Acting Assistant-Surgeon 3. Adams Palin, Land Transport Corps, to the 15th of April-to proceed to Malta; Lieutenant W. H. Mackesey, 79th Regi. ment-to proceed to England. On arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-General. On private affairs, to Brevet-Major Nason, 49th Regiment, to the 30th of ApriL And, in extension, to Ca tain J. A. Digby, Grenadier Guards, to the 31st of March. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 14. No. 1. The regimental promotions and appointments, published by authority in the London Gazette of the 25th of January, will take effect in ihis army from their respective dates. No. 2. The Field.Marshal Commanding-in.Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, on medical certificate, to Lieutenant Fletcher, 12th Lancers, to the 22d of March. For the recovery of their health, toMajor C. Green, 3d Regiment, tothe29thofFebruary,Assistant-SurgeonBoulden, 8d Regiment, to the 19th of March. And on very urgent private affairs, to Lieutenant-Colonel Douglas, C.B., 11th Husears, to the 15th of March; Lieutenant Surmian, 48th Regiment, to the 29th of February. No. 3. Acourt of inquirv will assemble at the office of the Assistant-Adjutant-Genera], Fourth Division, on Friday, the 15th inst., at 11 a.m., to report upon such matters as maybe brought before it. President-Brigadier-General Staunton. Members-A field officer from the First Division, and a field officer from the Light Division. No. 4. Lieutenant Maddock, 11th Hussars, being in command of a troop, may draw field allowance and forage as a captain, from the 27th of December, 1855. No. 5. Assistant-Surgeon A. Greer, 21st Regiment, being in medical charge of his regiment, may draw field allowance and forage as a surgeon, from tlhe 1st of February. No. 6. The Rev. P. Batcheler, of the Wesleyan Mission, will receive a ration from the Commissariat of tho Fourth Division, where he resides. No. 7. The issue of rum and vegetables to the troops and others on the Bosphorus will continue, as heretofore, until further orders. No. 8. Ieave of absence is granted to Captain Gregory, 44th Regiment, to the 29th of February; Lieutenant Smyth, 28th Regiment, to the 29th of February. No. 9. A medical board will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Captain R. Inglis, 18th Regiment. The principal medical officer wiR be pleased togivo the necessary directions. No. l0, The following soldiers are appointed clerks in the Acting D)epot Paymaster's-office, Scutari:-Sergeant James MIoore, 44th Regiment, at is. a-day; Private William Armstrong, 20th Regiment, at is. a-day, from the 6th of February. By order, C. A. IIWzDHA M, Chief of the Staff Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Feb. 15. No. L The following officers have joined the staff of this army :-The Rev. Mr. lFDougall, Officiating Chaplain at Scutari, from the 6th of February; the Rev. Mr. Mason, Offlciating Chaplain at Scutari, from the 7th of Febr. War Department.-Mr. G. E. March, second clerk at Seutari, from the ist of February; Mr. R. W. Steele, third clerk at Scutari, from the ist of February. No. 2. General Sir Coln Campbell, G.C.B., having rejoined this army, will command a e-rps d7as-nm, the divisions composing which will be named at future period. - No. 3. Lieutenant-Colonel Stirling, C.B., having rejoined this army, -will be Assistant Adjutant-General to a corps d'ardc. I No. 4. Major-General Cameron C.B., will command the Hfrbland Division. S 'o. 5. Mr. MlHiman, employed as clerk of the works by the Royal Engineers, will proceed to England by the first op)rtu2ity OMfo.-. Capin Sayer, 1st Dragoon Guards, will act as a field officer, and may draw field allowance and forago accordingly, while second in command of his regiment, from the 4th of January. I No. 7. lieutenant Smith, 44th Regiment, being in command of a company, may draw field allowance and forage as captain from th Ist of February. No. 8. Cornet Isaac Cunmnun, Land Transport Corps, wiil act as Adjutant of the 7th Battalion, and may draw the usual allowances accordingly, from the 12th of February. No. 9. Hospital Dresexr Castle, having tendered the resignation of his appointment, is struck off the strength of the medical staff-of this aray from this date. * No. 10. Leave of absence is granted to Major Bright, 19th Regiment, to February 29; on medical certificates, to Liaeutenant Anpelo, 2Sth Regiment, to February 20; Lieutenant -Rising, 7fth Regiment, to February 20-to remain at Scutari; First-Class Staff-Surgeon Telfer, to February 29'to proceed to alta. No. 11. -The following, havingbeen employed in the Submarine Electric Telegraph Department, may draw pay as stated:-Telegraphists Sergeant H. M'Callum, Royal 'Artillery, at 5s. a-day, from the 7th of February; Sergeant J. Devine, Royal Artillery, at 5x. a-day, from the 11th of February; Gunner John Miller, Royal Artilery, Is. a-day, from the ist of January ; Gunner H. Wilson, Royal Artillery, Is. a-day, from the 13th of January; Gunner J. Russell, Royal Artillery, Is. a-day, from the 13th of January; Gunner T. Poynton, Rtoyal Artillery, Is. a-day, fror the 13th of January; Gunner J. Boote, Royal Artillery, ls. a- day, from the 13th of January; Gunner J. M'Dermott, Royal Artillery, Is. a-day, from tho 9th of February; Gunner J. Molland, Royal Artillery, -Is. a-day, from the 9th of February; Gunner J. GiUard, Royal Artillery, Is. a-day, from the 9th of February; Gunner J. Chatham, Royal Ar-tilery, Is. a-day, from the 91h of February. By order, C. A. WINDHAM Chief of thei Staff,
I THE STATE OF TURKEY. (-VROIE OUR nwv mmvw%.. r.,Prnvvv-% CONSTANTINOPLE, k=. 18. This afternoon the firman relating to tho rights of;the non-Mahomedan subjects of Turkey wilL be read at the Porte. Several hundred copies have a been already printed of it in Turkish, which will be distributed. Translations into the other languages of the empire are being prepared, which will likewise be printed, and sent off to all the provinceS. As it is wished to give to the reading as much as possible the character of a purely internal affair, emanating from the free will of the Sultan, none of the foreign representatives will attend, but all the -Minisiers and high functionaries, civil and military, as well as the ulemas and hndjis, the patriarchs and higher clergy of the different religions, are invited to be present. According to the ueages on such occasions, the firnau 'will be read afterwards in the different mosques. As you will see from the subjoined translation of the firman, I was quite correct in the statements which I sent you before about the chief points contained in it. Thb document is very cleverly drawn up, bringing out in strong relief the generally satisfactory clauses, and' sliding over those which may be offensive to one or another party. Many concessions are only implied; for instance, that about the testimony of the non-MIahomedans, which is not distinctly stated, but only implied by thc order relating to the mixed courts that all the 'witnesses will takie an oath according to their religion to tell the truth. The firman is addressed to the Grand Vizier Mebmed Emin Ahl Pasha, and, as usual in this kind of documents, begins by a long allocution to bims. The Sultan speakfs in the first person, and, afteS this introduction, says that since the beginning of his reign he has had only one ideanamely, to make all classes of his subjects happy, and that, thank God, his endeavours in this reepect were not withlout success, as the increasing prosperity of thle country shows. iBut he wants to give new vrigour and a greater extension to his reforms, so as to satisfy all wishes and to raise the dig,nity of his Government. He thus continues . "By the efflorts of my subijects and those of my allies, the external relations of my Government have acquired a siew force, and I wish now likewise to augment its strength in the interior, and to mak e all my subjects happy, for, united as they are by their commnon sacrifices and their patriotism, they are all' equal in my eyes; my will is therefore that the following points be rigorously enforced:- " I confirm all the assurances given by the Eatti Shgiff of Gaulhane, as to the seeurity of the lives, the property, and honour of all classes of my subjects, without distinction of rank or religion, and Iwill that these assurancees be minutely observed. "All the privileges and immunities which have been given to the Christian and other communities 'which are under my sceptre are again confirmed. A revision will be effected without delay of the privileges, and improvements made according to the spirit of the age and the actual state |of society, and with my sovereign sanction. The councils which vwiU be expressly established at the Patriarch's, under |the inspection of the Sublime Porte, will have to discuss ithese improvements and submit them to my Government. p.~~~~~~p the pover given to the Patriarehs by Mohamed the Conquerorand my other gloriaosancestors willbeeombined with this new position created for them by me, and when the mode of eletioa of the Patriarech will have been ameliorated the Patriareh will be named by diploma for life. "taecordingto amethod devised bythe SublimePorte, the Patriarch, and the chiefs of the Christian and other ommanities, the patriarehs, archbishops, svicaries, bishops, and rabis, will have to take an oath of allegiance. "Al contribu tionr and casual profits levied by the elergy from the communities are forbidden. ixed reveraes will be assigned to the patriarchs, archbishops, vicaries, and bishops, and a sufficient salary apportioned to the lower clergy, according to their rank and functions. The movable and immovable goods of the clergy wil not be touched. | "A eouncil ehosen by the clergy and laity of the Christian and other communities wil be intrusted with the direction of the national affairs of the community. "fNo objection will be made to repairing the churches, schools, hospital, and cemeteries in the differenttowns, villages, andhamlets according to theprimitive design whieh emay stil exist. If it becomes necessary to erect new ones, and the Patriarch or the chiefs of the eommunities approve it, the plan wvill be submitted to the Sublime Porte, in order that I may give my sovereign approbation for its erectior, or else that the objections to which it is open might be made against it. "If in some places there is a community quite isolated,thatis to say wthout people belonging to anotherreligion,such a eommunity may celebrate publicly its religious ceremonies. But in the pla.es inhabited by people belongins to different religions each may in its own quarter, adapting itself to the abovenamedprinciple, repairits proper churches, schools, hospitals, and cemeteries. "IAs to building a new edHice the Patriarch and Syod wiUl demand the permission of the Sublime Porte, which will be accorded, if there re no internal politiceal eonsiderations which prevent it. But whatever is done in these matters should be always done in a spirit of charity and toleranee. "Energetie measures will be taken to insure the freeest possible exercise of every religion. "gAl epithets and distinctions which could tend to show a difference between one class of my subjects as the lower, and another as the higher one, are for ever abolished from all the documents of my Imperial Chancellery. It is likewise strictly forbidden to offieials and private individuals to use offensive and dishonourint terms, and the offenders will be punished. "As al religions can be exercised freely, no one will be molested on account of his religion, aiid no one found to change his religion. "As the choiee of those employeddepends onmylmperial 'will, all my sbjects wiUl be received for offices according to the existing regulations and according to their capaeities, and if they satisfy the conditions demanded by the regulations of the imperial schoolsonamely, if they are of the proper age, and pass the prescribedexaminations,-theywill be admittd likewise into the military offices. " Besides, each community is freto erect schools for arts and sciences. Only the studies followed there and the choice of teachers wil be subject to the inspection of a mixed commission named by the Sublime Porte. " All commercial and caminal causes betvween the members of two different religious communities wil be subject to a mixed court, whose sittings aill be public. The accuser and accused will be confronted there, tnd the witnesses wil take the oath, accordiang to their religion, to tell the trath. " Civil causes in the provices and sandjaks will be examined in the mixed courts in the presence of the Vali and the Cadi. The sittings will be likerise public. "dCauses between two of the same community, or those relating to successions, will, accordingp to the wish of the parties, be brought before the Patriarch or the dlffedjlis. "A commercial and criminal cede, as well as regulations respecting the proceedeigs of the mixed courts, will be as soon as possible completed, and published after being translated into all the languaes which are used in my empire. " In order to combine humanity with justice, the state oE the prisons and other places of detention will be ameliorated, and regulations madelas to the detention of those condemned for smaler crimes. With the erception of the police regulations of the Sublime Porte in this re spect, all il-treatment and corporal punishment or torture are completely abeished, and whoever should datr to mi flict them will be severely punished. "h Enepolice in Constantinople,as well asin the provinces, anust be so established S to protect most efficiently life and property. " As equality of taxation will be introduced, it will be justice that the Christiau and other subjects should furnish, as well as the Mussulmans, their contingent of troops; they rmust therefore submit to the decision which has been lately taken in this respect. But in these questions the system will be followed to give an equivalent in moneythat is, to give money, and be thereby exempt from active service. " Regulations will be made shortly for employing all the subjects in the ranks of the army, independently of the Mussulmans, and 'when made these regulations will be published. "The Medjlis will be reformed in the provinces, in order to place the election of Mussulmaans and non-Mussulmans on a good footing, and to insure the free and true manifestation of opinion; and energetic measures will be taken that the Sublime Porte may know the result of these opinions, and on which side the right is. "A As in commercial affairs, and as regards the possession of landed property, the laws are equal for all my subjects, when the Sublime Porte shall have made an arrangement with the foreign Powers, to the effect that foreigners should submit in this respect to the laws of the country, and pay imposts at the same rate as the natives, the right to possess landed property will be conceded to foreigners. "As the tai4es are levied equally on all subjects, one must think of the means to prevent the abuses in the collection of these taxes, especially of the tithes, and to establish, as far as it is possible, a direct system of collection, instead of the systema of farming the revenue now pursu4d, In the mneantime, any public functionary who ahould lot xtch ervenues at a public anotion, or even tako a shre in it, wiU be severely punished. ".The local taxes mu-d as fflieh as possible, be distei. buted so as not to d6narmn to the production and to the de. volopment of commerce. "fi..posts ill be levied in. the province- for generally useful purposes, which will be appled for the benefit of those provinces, which will have the advantage of the roads for their counmnication inland aud their connexionwith the sea. "As the Sublime Porte has lately made a liudget of its revenues and expenses, this budge mustbe followed up and developed. "The pay of each public functionary ought to be fixed. "An e7aploy6 will be appointed for ev.ry Christian and other community, in order to take care of the affairs which concern the generality of my subjects, and to assist at the State CounciL These cmployJs are expressly taken from the Ministry of the Grand Vizier; they are nmed for a year, and have to take an oath before, they enter on their functions. "Tne memnbers of the State Council will be free to manifest their opinions in the ordinary and extraordinary sit. tings, and vill not be molested for that. " The laws against corruption wiU be executed against all my subjects without distinction, and to whatever claws or rank they may belong. "The Sublime Porte will do her beat to establish a good system of credit, and favour all things tending to raise it, as, for instance, a banil, for which the necessary capital will be procured. " The Sublime Porte wiU construct roads and canals for the transport of produce, and will give facilities for the extension of agriculture by removing aU impediments." After this follows the usual conclusion, ordering the Sadr Azam to see that the Inperial will be executed. On Friday last, the 15th inst., General Storks had theGermanLegion out for a field day. :He had before reviewed the separate regiments as they arrived from England, but it was the first time that the whole German Brigade was acting in a body. The weather was most favourable-a fine and mild spring day, which lent life and freshness to the whole scene. A succession of similar days had given to the ground just sufficient solidity -a rare thing in the clayslate forming the main part of the soil in the environs of Constantinople, which mostly fluctuates between the extremes of hopeless mud and stony hardness. The ground chosen for the manceuvring showed very good judgment. A little above Scutari a ridge runs parallel with the Bosphorus as far as the Valley of the Sweet Waters. From this main ridge branches intersected by ravines run out in both directions, so that every opportunity was given for all kinds of evolutions in column or line, while the accidents of the ground and the variety of its cultivation offered additional facilities for the display of the manceuvring abilities of the officers. Here a ravine which was to be crossed; there a fine plateau, which offered a good spot for an extension in line of battle; again, a wall or ditch, which was favourable for slkirmishers; further on a narrow ridge which invited a bayonet charge, or a house which could be taken up as a point of defence. General Storks appeared on the ground about 2 o'clockl, and the manceuvring soon began under his directions. The riflemen, as an advanced guard, and the three light infantry regiments following, together with a detachment of sappers, advanced, manceuvrnng as far as the end of the plateau overlooking Kululee, and it is but justice to say that it would ba difficult to see a brigade better handled. The troops were always equally employed, and were always in hand, which is the greatest art in manceuvring troops. Certainly, there is a great deal of difference if there is another party opposite vvho has likewvise something to say to the evolutions ;but fromtheway GeneralStorks managed the brigade it would seem that his occupations in the administrative branlch of the service have not at allimpaired his abilities for active military movements. The troops appeareR in excellent condition, although by no means so tall as the average of English soldiers. They are active and wiry, just the qualities required for light infautry, and their steady movements, as well as their general appearance, reflect great credit on the exertions of General Woolridge. They are well equipped and armed, and the sliding pouch attached to the belt is a decided improvement, facilitating as it does the loading, and the belt serving as a support to 'he body. if the first fine days give them an opportunity to perfect themselves in rifle practice, they will be as fit as any troops to take theiield. The German lLegion is certainly no failure I hear General Storkes intends very shortly to review the whole dep6t under his command, artillery and cavalry included. You publish in your number of the 30th of January a letter, signed " Verax," about the rupture with Persia, which impugns the accuracy of some of my statements. As you have done justice to it in your leader of the 31st, 1 would not recur to it were it not that evenits in Persia are assuminganew turn altogether,andit becomes therefore importantto clear upasmuch as possible the original question. The cause of the quarrel was, indeed, the emy7lo0y, but the chief cause which led to the rupture was the imprisonment of his wife; and the main question at issue seems to be-had those who carried off the lady a right to do so, and ought MIr. Murray to have taken up that circumstance so stro;gly as one belonging to his sphere ? I must repeat again that it was 1ot the Persian Government, but the lady's brother, Sultan Kulee Mirza, who carried her off, no doubt -with the consent of the Sadr, or very likely at his suggestion, but legally the Persian Government could- not be accused of it, and this the Persians knew perfectly well. It was a snare laid for M1r. MIurray which, unfortunately, proved successful. But even if the Persian Government had had the wish to interfere, it could not have done it, for the brother was the head of the family, and as such exercised the undisputed right connected with it. The demanding her back in the name of the husband showed a com- lete ignorance of the marriage law in the East. We must not fall into the usual mistake made in Europe that women are slaves in the East; this is completely false. Perhaps nowhere are the rights of lawful wives greater and more strictly determined thau in the East. Not only has a wife the liberty of divorce just as well as the husband, and the family the rigeht of claiming her back if she is illtreated or in any way exposed to compromise the honour of her family, but there is likewise a complete separation of property betweenthehusband andhislawful wife, which is kept up in the most minute details. So the claims broug,htforward by Mr. Murray to get the lady back might have been strong enough in France orEng,land, but they fell to the ground in Persia and would have done so everywhere else where Mahomedan laws rule. So much for the original cause of the quarrel. If we do not want to see a serious difference arise out of this paltry squabble, the sooner somebody is senttoPersia the better; thewhole affair is becoming envenomed, and if we delay mnuch longer it will be too late. The following is a nominal list of deaths in the hospitals at Scuitari from the loth to the 16th of February - Privates Thomas 'Qiinn, 4th Dragoon Guards, febris; Michael Johnson, 14th Foot, febris; Peter M'Grath, 31st Foot, accidental death; and John Morrison, Land Transport Corps, dysentery. Number of Burials at Scutari during the week .--Feb. 12, 2; Feb. 16,1. Number of Sick and Wounded in the Hospitals at Scutari on the 17th of February :-Officers, sick, 51; non-commissioned-officers, drummers, and privates, sick, 961; wounded, 6. General Hospital. -Sick, 313; wounded, 2. Barrack Hospital.-Sick, 390; wounded, 4. Kululee Hospital.- Sick, 272.
THE CO=Tow-wooi CoLURs.-On. Saturday nearly 4,000 men employed in the collieries on Chiltonmoor, near Durham, the property of the Marchioness Dowager of Londonderry, assembled to partake of an excellent dinner. The dinner, to which the menhadbien invited by the Marchioness, took place in a large building, tho property of Mr. Hopper, formerly in the employment of the Marquis of Londonderry, but now a manufactarer. E arl Vane occupied the chair, having his mother upon his right hand, and the Countess Vane upon his left. After the accustomed toasts to the Queen, Pzince Albert, and the P.oyal family, which the pitnmen received with great applause, the Marchion,-.s of Londonderry addressed -the assembly in very touching and emphatic terms, assuing them that she should ahsys taken3 deep interest in their welfare. l'he hMarchiuness adverted to the bond of union which had existed between her ancestors and the pitmen, and exhorted them to frequent reading roonms, mechanic' institutions, and temperance societies; to avoid pulblichouses, and to be orderly, industrious, and religious. This address was received, with vociferous cheering, as was the toast to the health of the M-archioness, for wvhich she expressed her aelnowled-tnents. The health of the Countess Vane, proposed by Xfr. Mowbray, M.P., was received in asimilar manner, and'after otlier toast.s aippropriate to the occasion, Iady La edenderry retired anid blol-continued cheerings.
I?OLIS' COURT, Cu"mny-wA2m npr- 29 HAY V. SbITJL-JUDGIMNT. (Bcforc the MASTx. OftheE;ou, . The MASTEB of the ROLLS gave judgment in. this cae, the facts of which have already been given, but, in order to mike the judgment intelligible, must, to some extent, be repeatedL The plaintiff, who vwas formerly a ward in Chancery, according to his ovu statement, became entitled upon the death of his father, in 1838, to an estate, called Tring-park, and to property in the fundg to the amount, with accumulations, of about 120,00D1. In 1852, and about tw o years before the plaintiff attained his .msjorlty, he was introduced to a Mfr. Johnston, of Hill-street, Mfayfair, and Mr. Johnston and the plaintiff'thereupon became, to all appearances, great friends. Shortly afterwards Mr. Johnston and the plaintiff went to Paris together, and there took a lease, for six years, of apartments,lortheirjoint occupation, in the Rue Castiglione, the plaintiffsmoiety of the expenses for furnishing the same, according to Mr. John ston's representations to him, being "6,000Z., or thereabouts." lWr. Johnston and the plaitiff, having resided im Paris for about three weeks, took a tour-throsgh Germany, and, after having separated for atime, met agi at Genoa. While resding at the latter place Mr. Johnston suggested to the plaintiff that on their return, to England they should reside together, thatthey should jointly take a house in the country, and that the plaintiff should become the purchaser of half of Mr. Jonston's interest in the house in Bill-street, and half of his farniture and wine, for 5,5001. To this latter proposal the plaintiffj trusting impicitly, as he says, to the honour and ntegityof Mr. Johnston, and knowing nothing whatever of the value of the house and furniture, consented, and accordingly drew a bill for the amount, and handed it to his friend mr. Johnston. In the month of November, 1853, Mlr. Johnston informed the plaintiffthat he (Mr. Johnston) had takeji a lease of a place in the country, called- Oak-house, Feltham, Middlesex, on their joint account, and thereupon the furniture was removed from Hill-street to the country house, and new furniture bought for Hill-street,-plaintiff's moiety of these transactions being, according to Mr. Johnston, about 14,5001. The plaintiff and Mr. Johton contiuing to live together, Mr. Johnston applied to the plaintiff from time to time to draw and accept bills to a considerable amount towards theplaintiff's shars oftheexpensesofliving, and these bills plaintiff always gave without any inquiry, having perfect faith in Mr. Johnston. So matters proceeded until shortly before the time when the plaintiff at. tained his mnajority, when he wvas informed by Mr. Johnston that bills of his (the plaintiffs) to the amount of 60,00DD. were in the market, and that it would be most advisable to get hold of some one who would lend the money to take them up; and thereupon Mxr. Johnston introduced the plaintiffto a Mfr. Adams, described as a banker at-Ware, and as a likely person to get in the bllls. On the 7th of April, 18, Mr. Adams wrote to the plaintiffas follows- "My dear Sir,-I am glad to say I have succeeded in taking up most of the bills, and have no doubt I shiaibe able to get them all in to-morrow, having ascertained where they are; some of them not being quite due has been so far in my favour inarrangingthepaymentof them." Some time before this, plaintiff being desirous to raise 20,0001.,wasadvised by MWr. Johnstontoraise90,000Linstead, and further recommended by that gentleman to employ Messrs. Smith, of Southampton-buildings, as his solicitors, for the purpose of raising it, and this plaintiff agreed to do. On the 12th of April, 184, the day after the plaintiff came of age, Mr. Johnston, MIr. Adms, and Mr. George Smith called upon him and informed hini that all the bills of exchange upon which he was liable had been got in by r. Adarms and Mr. GeorgeoSmith. BThelatter then eroduced twvo bonds and some other documents wliieh plaintiff was requested to sign, and did so, as securities for sums of money which 3Messrs. Adams and Smith were said to have expended in getting in the plaintif's bills of ex. change. Of these bonds it was subsequently ascertained that one was for 41,0001. andthe other for 12,51., the first being given to Mr. Adams and the second to Mr. Smith. !Shortly after these instrmnents were executed the plaintiff appointedMessrs. Smith his solicitors in the place of Messrs. Sutton, Ewens, Ommanmey, and Co., and also appointed Mr. George Smith as steward of the manor of Trin t the same time causing the court rolls of the manor to be given to that gentleman. On the 2d of June, 185, Messrs. Smith although they professed to oppose the plaintiff raisin the 90,0001. he contemplated doing, wrote to him, stating that they had, with MIr. Johnston's concurrence, negotiated a loan for the plaintiff to the amount of 30,0001. at the West of England ssurance-office; and plaintiff, believing thatMr. George Smith, as his solcitor, and Mr. Johnston, as his fiiend, would advise him in the way most conducive to his interest, went down the next day, and executed a mortgae on his property to secure this sum. Plaintiff having done so, the amount raised was partly paid over to Mr. Adams, and partly, as the plaintiff alleges, retained by Mr. George Smith,-a new bond being given to Acdams for the surplus sum, which, it was alleged, still remained due to him. Sometime;after these transactions r. Johnston married, and settled upon MWrs. Johnston, among other things, the furniture and lease of the apartments in Paris, the furnitura and lease of the house ma Bill-street, and the estate at Feltham, perfectly irrespective of plaintiff having any interest whatever in them, and upon plaintiff calling at the house in Bill-street he was refused admittance. Indignant at such treatment, and having been led to believe that he had been deceived about the bills, and induced to sign the bonds abovementioned upon false representation, and forthe purpose of ratifying aiterhe came of age instruments he had signed, also under falserepresentations, wvhen hewas aminor, the plaintiff instituted two suits in Chancery against the parties, the title of such suits being respectively "Kay v. Johnston" and "K Kay v. Smith." The object of the first suit was to have tho second bond given to Mr. Adams declared void as against the plaintiff; to malke MIr. Johnstou account to the plaintiff for all money which he had received on his account or for his use, and to have Mrs. Johnston's marriage settlement declared invalid as far as the Vlaintiffs; nterest in the houses in 'Paris, Hil-street, and elthaml were affected; and upon the hearing of this first cause the Court made a decree to the effect prayed. The object of the second snit was to have the bond for 19,500!., and other securities held by Mr. George Smith, also set aside, on account of their having been obtained from the plaintiff by misrepresentation, and it was in this suit that the CoDrt gave judgment to-day. In doing so, His Howoun said that he had no doubtbutthatthenlaintiff was entitledto have the bond for 12,500. and other sL-urities held by Mr. George Smith completely set aside. Mr. Smith himself did not contend that the bond ought to be supported in itsintegrity, but what he did contend forwas that he was entitled to have the bond declared to stand as a security for him in respect of all money which hehad bond fide advanced for the plaintifs use, and upon credit of the plaintiff's name, during his minority. Defendant's case, in fact, amounted to this-that Mr. Kay had willingly accepted the bills for which the bond was given, had asked Johnston to get them discounted, and had promised that he woul d take them up when he came of age; that when he did come of age he was desirous of keeping his word, and therefore voluntarily assumed a resmonsibility, by signing the bond, of which he was previously free. This line of argument was true to some extent, and there was no doubt but that a person could ratify when he came of age acts which he had done when he was a minor; but then persons who came to this court and claimed advantage of such ratification were bound to show that the party ratifying had done so with his eyes open, and had not assumed his responsibility on false representations, to which the party claiming was himself a partv. Now, what-were the facts ofthis case? Acdams, Smith, and Johnston werefriends, and Smithhad,longbeforehewas introduced to the plaintiff, advanced money to Johnston on plaintif's security, to allow plaintifF and Johnston to live in the extraordinary stylethey appearedto have been doing. Johnston wished the plaintiff to bind himself after he came of age to the payment of the bils he had sined -whilst a minor, and to induce bin to do so had frightened him by saying that the bills were in different hands. Johnston, just previously to the 12th of April, 1854, when the bond for 12,5001. was given, enclosed to Adams COpies of two letters, one of which Adams was to write to Mr. Kay, the plaintiff, and the other in pretended confidence to Johnstonhimself. In the first letter Adams was made to 'inform the plainti that he had cleared the market of the plaintiff's hills, such bills all the time not being in the market at all, but locked up in a drawer under the power of Johnston. By the pretended private letter Adanms wAs to inform Johnston of howc sincere his desire was to benefit the plaintiff, and to suggest what an advantage it would be to that young gentleman if he could only be fortumate enough to secure the inestimable advantage of having Mfr. George Smith as his solicitor. About this time also it appeared that Smith had written to Adams, telling hin to do as Johnston advised him, although up to this time lM1r. Smtith had not even seen the plamtiff. It was trao that Adams had not written the letters which Johnston had en. closed hin, but he had written the letter of the 7th of April, 1854, by the termns of which he contributed to deceive the plaintiff as to the custody of his bills. In this state of things, then, Adams, George Smith, and Johnston had an - interview with the plaintiff on the 12th of April, as the plaintiff attained his majority on the 11th, and the three friends led the plaintiff to believe that two of them-viz., A dams and Smith, bad taken up the plaintiffs bills, and to do so had advanced sum3sto the amount of about 42,000! Wfith respect to the defendant George Smith. it was important here to observe that he represented himself to the plaintiffwhcnhe obtainedthebond, as aholder of his share of the bills by endersement, whereas he now claimed to have a lie n the bond as orig,inal discounterof the bills. It may be asked, as far as Smith's claim to be paid goes, what is the difference? The difference is this, that for some reason or other Smith'srealposition was not e.xplained to the plaintiff, and that, inasmuch as, in a transaction of this kind, trath was always fatal, tha reverse of truth had been resorted to, and Mr. Smith, by nllowing himself to be a party to a deception, virtually barree any remedy ilequity he might otherwise have claimed. The plaintiff says "1 anm willing to pay back any amounts that have been advanced for my use or benefit, "and George Smuith says, "Then pay use, for I advanced the monoy to Johnston as your agent and for your use." The Coirt was of opinion, however, that the money had not been so advanced, .and that, upon a review of the swhole case, the bond for 12,5001.o and the other securities held by Smith must be declared void as agaiust the plaintiff, and the defendant Smith be ordered to pay the costs of the suit against him. As Smith, however, might have a claim against Johnston, he would be permitted to cone in and tavieparti tpa
VIMCHIANOEILoRS' COtTRTg -FR 9 RE SIR IINRY PEYTON'S SLTLEIEST. (Before Vice-Mancel2or Sir J. STIARTuA tlms was rae petItIon t0 ;Sir Hienry I?eyton, praying for the re-investment in land of the purchae-money of certain lands taken by the Eastern Counties Railway Company for the purposes of their undertaking. Sir Henry Peyton was tenant for life of the lands taken by the company and of otherlauds, and the whole were at the time of the sale to the company subject to certain mortgages. After such sale the urchase money of the land taken by the company and the other land in settlement were further mortgaged. The question was whether the costs of all the mortgagees prior and subsequent to the sale to the company relating to the proposed reinvestment should be borne by the company, or whether the company should pay the costs of Sir Henry *Peyton only. Mr. Malins appeared for Sir Henry Peyton, Mr. Rawlinson for the several mortgagees, ancd Mr. Wigram and Mr. T. Wood for the railway company. The VIc1-CrruNcEsuoR said, however great the hardship might be of making the company pay the costs of the mortgagees, it would be a greater hardship to throwv those costs on the settled estate, for they had been occasioned by the railway company taking a portion of that estate for their own purposes. He therefore felt bound to order the company to pay the costs of the several mortgagees as incidental to the reinvestment. Mr. Mar.rs said that the mortgagees would intrust to Sir Henry Peyton the subject of the investigation of the title of the lands proposed to be purchased. (Before Vtce-Chancdlor Sir AV. P. WooD.) GOODCHAP V. WEAVZG.-THE NATIONiL LARND COtpRNy. This was a suit instituted by the official manager of the National Land Company against the mortgagees of an estate at Minster LoveL in Oxfordshire, which had been purchased by the late lr. Feargus O'Connor for the company. The bill sought to set aside the second mortgage deed, of the 4th of January, 1850, which contained a power of sale, not ineluded in the first mortgage deed, to enable proceediags to be taken against defaulting allottees. The following is a short outline of the case :-In 1847 the estate at Minster Lovel had been purchased by O'Connor for 9,0001. In the conditions of sale it vas provided that 5,0001. of the money should be allowed to remain on mortzage for seven years at interest if the parties required. The purchase was completed, but the collateral mortgage deed contained no power of sale, nor any condition as to allowing the money to remain out upon mortgage for seven years. In 149 Mr. O'Connor found himself unable to get any rent from the allottees of the property, upon which 80 houses had been built; in fact, they disputed altogether his right to distrain for rent. It was arranged between the soHcitor for the mortgagees and O'Connor that a fresh deed should be prepared, which should contain an absolute power of sale to the mortgagees, with a trust for discharging the mortgage moneys out of the proceeds and paying the residue, if any, to O'Connor. A deed to this effect was executed on the 4th of January, 1850. The mortgagees commenced ejectinents against the allottees, obtained verdicts, and turned them out of the property, and sent some of them to prison for costs, the property having been sold by the mortgagees under the power of sale under the direction of O'Connor. In 1851 an act was passed, entitled " An Act to dissolve the NationalILand Company, and to dispose of the Lands and Property belongig to the Company, and to wind-up the Undertaking." On the appointment of an official manager the present snit had been instituted, for the purpose of restraining the mortgagees in their proceedings, and to set aside the deed of January, 1850, as fraudulent and void. Inquiries had been directed by the decree pronounced in June, 1852, and the cause now came on for further consideration. Mr. RoIt and Mr. Roxburgh appeared for the official manager; Mr. Bagsbawe, M1r. Charles Hall, and Mfr. Bagshawe, inn., for the mortgagees. M1r. WV. H. Bsz.N-ET was instructed by the solicitor of the late Mr. O'Connor, and asked for the appointment (under the Chancery Amendment Act) of some person to represent O'Connor's estate, in order that, complete justice mniht be done between the parties. 'lhe VicE-CusNcELnon declined dcing this, the application not being made at the instance of any one who was a party to the suit. tir. Xolt was not called upon to reply. Tne VXICE-Cj-t&CELLOR said that he had no doubt as to the rights of the parties. As to the existence of the trust, there was abundant evidence that it had been constituted as between O'Connor and the company. The act of 1851 recognized the trust, and that lands had been purchased by and conveyed to O'Connor as such trustee, the company having been formed at the time of the puichase of the estate. It w.as to be considered whether in the dealings between O'Connor and the mortgagees they had notice of his leing a trustee for the company when the deed of January, 1850, was executed. That they had was stfficiently, as he thought, shown by the correspondence (to which his Honour referred at some lenggth). His Honour, after advi -ing to the purchase by O'Ronnor in 1847, and the frame <f .}Le first mortgage-deed, said that disputes had arisen in 1 't9 from the allottees refusing to pay any rent to O'Connor, who informed the mortgagees of this circamstance, and that they had better look to the estate for getting their money. He could not conceive why Lee, the solicitor of the mortgagees, should have proposed to mix up the case of his clients vith that of tile mortgagor. There was full notice to them that O'Connor's rights were not unfettered, andthat he was bound, as soon as the society became legalized, to hand overthe property to those who werein effectthe present plaintiff. The mnortgagees were contented to place themselves in the same position as O'Connor, while, aszoon as they received any intimation of his fiduciary position, they had full notice of everything that he knew, and were affected by everything affecting -him. There was ample evidence that the money belonged to the society, and there was no doubt of the right of the societyuupon a bill filed bv them to follow their money, if received by O'Connor and laid out by him in land. Although the purpose of the society might be iUegal, yet the members might abjure that purpose and claim zo be entitled to follow the land purchased under such circumnstances. The conduct of the mortgagees was in every sense inexcusable, nor had he ever seen a man run his clients into a Chancery suit more completely with his eyes onen than Mr. Lee. They discovered that they had an abso lite right at once, and that the estate was of ample value, that they had the means of at once beconing paramount owners and bringing ejectment, and thus at onceo disembarrassing thtmzelves from O'Connor. Instead of this, they obtained from O'Connor the deed of the 4th of January, 1850, containing a power of sale, which he had no riglht to give as against hUs cestuiqque trust, and the mortgagee-, with their notice of the trust, had no_right to exercise. The transactions which followed were very painful, the mortgagees taking a course which ministered entirely to O'Connor. Some of the unfortunate allottees had waited upon the defendant Weaving, and asked him why he was bringing eqectments against them, towhich he could reaUygive no answer, the interest not being in arrear, the only objection of the allottees being to pay rent to O'Connor. He must express his extreme disapprobation of the conduct of the mnortgagees, every step having been taken under the direction of O'Connor. He had no doubt, therefore, that the deed of January, 1850, must be set aside as fraudulent and void as against the plaintiff, and delivered up to be cancelled. The immense mass of evidence and fearful prolixity of papers were much to be regretted, as they must occasion heavy costs, and a considerable portion had not been required to be read. SATuDRmy, MARCH 1. (Before Yice-Chancdllor Sir R. T. KniDEPsy.) BYRN- V. HAY. This suit was institutedto admninisterthe estate of thelate 3Mr. DNicrow, the celebrated equestrian, who by his will left all his money aud securities for moneyto trustees, to be divided into moieties, one moiety for the benefit of the widowv and the other for the children, and there were particular directions given respecting the erection of a monument to the memory of the deceased, a sum of SOOt. being bequeathed for the purpose of erecting it, and the dividends of 2001. to be apped in keeping it in repair. A decree had been made for caXrrying out the trusts of the will, and a monuimeilt-perhaps one of the handsomest at present in VKensal-green Cemetvery-had been erected, the trustees being willing that the w idowr should apply the SUIU given for keeping it in iru Fleming appeared for the plaintiff. The VICE-CHASCELLOR asked whether the monument conis.cted of an equestrian statuc ? Ir. FLa1nG regretted that it did not; it was composed of two truncated pillars, according to the directions of the will. Mr. De Gem and Mir. Pemberton appeared for the defead:&nts. The VICE -CHANCELLO Rapproved what was now proposed to be done. (Befo7e Vice-Chene7r Si- J. STUnART.) COLEMUY V. FBASEB. This was a suit for the specifc performance of an agreement for a lease wlhich the plaintiff alleged to be constituted by an advertisement, and a tender made in pursuance of it by ibe plaintiff and accepted by the defendant. The property was a farm at Hawkesbury, in WVarwickshire, and by the advertisemient it was offered to be let for seven or 10 years. The tenders were.to be Eent in to a M&r. Eld, of Coventry, and the question w2s whether the negotiatiolns be-tween tlhe plailntiff and AL-. Eld an,ount to a bindinr contract, the ouwner of the farm residing in Scotland, and com.municating with lfr. lid by letter. On behalf of the paintiff, it was contended that Mr. Eld had full authority tolet thefarma, and hail finallV done so on the 25th of March, 18:3, the plaintiffhaving been let into possession on tie following aay. LI April, 1853, the defendvat arived atI a b ry manked o thet 1th oflthat month saw the p1antit~,an rearkd tatthelater aaworkin~. and sowingon the farm hut made no objection. This it was Zontendedon the part of the plaintifl ratified the contract of M. Fd, heter h orginllyhadauthority to -enter Into it or not. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ i no day eFiay) occnld alotthe whol ofo-day, but is not- Mr. 13acon and r. Fzecling fatphpeear ffonrthe plaintif, and Mr. Bcon nd Mr Freling or te deedn.
P]ROGATIV3 COT3RT. SA=TDA'mrv. MA?T t BRVd7MR V. FREEMAN A-ND MP.FInTR- (Before Sir J. DODSON.A Xhis was a business of bringing into and leaving in the registry the probate of the last will and testament of Fanny Cidcraat, spinster, formerly of Millbrook, near Southam pton, but late of Paris, described in the probate as Fanny Allegrin 'widow, and of proving the wihin solemn forn of law. Ithe suit was promoted by Miss Bremer, a Ccousi german,andone of the next of kin of the deceased against the executors. The will having been propounded in a common condidi4 setting forth its due execution and the capacity of the deceased, an allegation in opposition to it was given in by Miss Bremer, in which it was pleaded that the deceased died on the 28th of April, 1853, leaving two cousins german-Mr. and Mics Bremer, her sole ne.xt of kin. She was possessed of considerable property in E3ngland, andof a freehold estate in Calcutta of the annual value of 300l. She was the daughter-of General Caloraft, and was born in the East Indies in 1795. In 180;> ahe came 'with her mother and sister to England, and remained here until 1825, when she proceeded with 3Miss Pickar, who had formerly been her governess, to Rome and olher places in Italy. In 1830, as alleged, she married ir. Allegri, and resided with him at Rome until his death, which took place sLx months afterwards. The marriage was kept secret from the knowvledge of her father, family, and friends. In a letter written to Mtr. Bremer she stated that she had been a widow more than tea years, but her sister never would acknowledge her marage, because she had not asked her father's consent. Her father died in 1884, and by his will directed the whole of his property to be divided between the two sister Miss Emily Caleraft, who was appointed sole executrix, disposed of part of the propertyt, and in the summer of 1834 joined her sister at Paris. 'They continued to reside together for short periods of tune at divers places on the continent until 1838, when they proceeded to Paris and took up their final and permanentabodein1that city. In September, 840, Miss Emily died; hut her Sister continued in the occupation of the same apartments, and after 1842 held them under successive short leases, the last of which was granted for three years, dating fromthe 1st of July, 1851. She frequently declared, both verbally and by letter, her fixed determination never to return to England, as well with reference to the Roman Catholic religion (which she had embraced) and the clinate of this country as on account of her long absence and the consequent strangeness to her of English manners and custoes. She purchased a grave inspepetuo in the cemetery of Pere la Chaise, in which she had the remains of her sister deposited, and declared her determination never to leave Paris or its immediate vicinity, in order that she might be buried in the same grave. The allegation concluded by alleging that, at the date of the will and at the time of her death, she was lawvfully domiciled in France ; that any testamentarypaperexecuted byherhadno forceoreffectinlaw,unless executed according to the forms required in that country; and that such was not the case with the wvill propounded. A responsive plea given in by Mr. Freeman set forth that, after the death of her sister, the deceased constantly suffered from illhealth, and frequently expressed her determination of leaving Paris as soon as her health would permit her to travel. The whole of her property in France realized only 381. So far from expressing a determination to remain permanently in France, she expressed her dislike of the climate and of the manners of the French, with none of whom she associated, and her resolution to leave that country. She sometimes declared that she would like to takc a small apartment in Paris, in order that she might be able to return thither occasionally for the purpose of visiting her ister's grave. If she died in another country she was desirous that her body should be brought and deposited by her sister's side in the same grave, which originasy had been constructed by the deceased's order for one bdy only, but, after her death, was enlarged to admit her own. She maintained frequent correspondence with Mr. Thomas Freeman, her solicitor in England, from 1840 until the end of 1852, and in her letters always 'wrote of England as being her country, saying that she had no wish to adopt France or any other country as her own, though in some of them she stated that she had no desire to return to England. iShe never appled for letters of naturalization in France, or even for the authority of the French Government to establish her domicil in France. She made her will in Paris through the medium of her English solicitor, and never employed any French legal adviser. All her property, with trifling exceptions, was bequeathed to English persons living in England. She was never Lawfully domiciled in France either de faeto or de jur-e, so as to have acquired a domicil of succession according to the laws of that country. In France the succession to the personalty of all deceased persons, whether testamentary or abo isflcsto was dependent upon' and governed and regulated by the law of the place of the donicil. In conclusion, it was averred that athough Mr. L'remer am peared by a separate proctor, yet he had given every assistance in his power to M-iss Bremer, and 'was desirous of securing her success in the suit. By the will the property in the East Indies was bequeathed to Mr. Daniel Alexander Freeman, and, after some small legacies, to Frenclh charities - the residue was given equally to Mfr. Freeman and her four cousins, two of whom predecdased her. The QUxEN's ADVoCATE appeared on behalf of Mr. Freeman, and contended, in support of the will, that the deceased neveracquiiredadomicil defactoin France,butthatif sheever didshe had notdone soat thedateof thewill, whichcouldnot be revoked bythe subsequent acquisition in the teeth of the Wills Act, which stated that a will having been once made could only be revoked by writing, by destruction, or by marriage, and was silent about a change of domicil. That act 'was competent to bd English persons. The law of France did not invalidate the will 'whatever might be the facts with regard to the domicil, quite independently of 'whether itwas acquired de facto before or after the date of The Awrmun'Y-ADvocATE followed on the same side, and on the law of the case submitted that, irrespective of the Code Ciril, the facts did not found a domicil de facto according to the law of France previously to the Code Civil. That according to the present law of France there could be no domicil for purposes of testacy or succession, except under the provisions of the Code Civil-namely, autorizatsion du Boi, or naturalization; that the law respecting testacy was in the same category with the law respecting succession that testacy-JUs testandi-and succession belonged to the droit civil and not the droit izaturel or the droit des gens; that the only decision applicable to this suit was that in " Lynch's case," and that was in favour of the paxties now seeking probate. That was the only case in which the Cour de Cassation had given an opMon on the law. That the position of law insisted upon by the parties claiming prohate was further proved by the fact that the converse was established by the case of " Thornton v. Curling ; that a close investigation of the French decisions cited as adverse would show thatnal these cases contained one, or more, or all of the following elements of distinction-namely, interests of French persons, locality of the property in France, or they related to the far,rm iaei, or they were cases in which it was admitted that thle equity of the case prevailed against the law; that the principle of all the adverse decisions was, not the law of domicil, but the principle was locus segit acturn, wholly irrespective of the question of domicil; that there was no evidence to show that the will was invalid by the laws of France as to property not in France; on the contrary, that the depositions brought the case exactly within the principle of " Collier v. llivaf" (2 Cuxt., 803). The learned advocate in support of his argument cited the foUowing cases from French authorities:*-" Lynch v. Lynch," Court of Appeal (Sibey's Beports, 1851) "Thornton v. Curling," Court of Cassation (Dalloz's Reports, 1827); "D'Abaunza's case," Court of Appeal, Paais (Sii-eys Reports, 1842); "Verity v. M{ackenzie," Court of Cassation (Dalloz's Reports, 1847); "Breul's case," Civil Tribunal of the Seine (Garette des Tribunaux, 21st of July, 1852); the same case, Inperial Court of Paris (Gaze des T,'ibut'auix, 17th of December, 1853); "Lloyd v. Lloyd," Couit of Appeal of Paris (Sireps Reports, 1849)" De Veine v. Routledge" (Conolly's case), Court of Appeai (irey's Reports, 1852); "Gil De Olivarez's case," Imperial Court of Bordeaux (Le Drtit, 11th of October, 1854); "Onslow v. Onslow," Royal Court of Riom (Dallos Beports, 1836); "Laneuvile v. Anderson," Tribunal Civil de la Seine, 6thb of July, 185, and Cour Imp6riale de Paris, 12th of December, 855,. Dr. JESNNER, on the part of Miss Bremer, submitted that the:original domicil of the deceased was Anglo-Indian; that the Englislh domicil was acquired; that at the date of her will and at her death she was domiciled iunFrance; that it was an acknowledged principle that the validity or invalidity of a testamentary paper depended on the law of the country 'where a person was domiciled; that the wiU was not good accordingto the French law, and consequently the Court must pronounce against it. The deceased had been absent from England 26 years, 15 of which she had passed in Paris. From letters written by her the Court must infer that she had animo et facto adopted France as her domicil, or at least abandoned her owncountry. It appeared that Mr. Freeman, whose son took so large a benefit under the will, was an entire stranger to her at the death of her sister. A domicil might goverm the succession without there being any authorization from the French Governiment. Civil ngits and authorization ought not to be confounded. According to a decision of the superior Court, in France, civil rights and domicilewerenot the same thing. Peisons might be domiciled who did not wish to obtain civil rights, and in such ease it was not necessary to have authorization. Where French interests were concerned, however small the amount migtht be, the Courts of France would protect them, and they had an opportunity of doinlg so in ibis case, inasmuch as legacies were given to Fiench subjects. In a case in which there Was so much conflict on points cf lav, he hoped the Court would decree that the successioli og-ht to be opened according to the law of Dr. SPINsKS followed on the same side. Dr. DMkNE, on behalf of Mr. Bremer, contended that the will, takinig it as an English will made by a person within the limits of the city of London, must be pronounced against on the ground of failure of proof; that there wvas not, until the comnmeiiceinent of this suit, one word froia anybody poJiting to the invalidity or to the non-existence of the martiage of the deceased; that the domicile of ori I whether Indian or Anglo-Indian, having been in law,En I lislied by the marriage, and become either It.alian or French, he cared not wlich for the purposes of this suit, the will must be pronounced against as not accordant to the law under wlhich it should have been niade. The learned JU DGE rese-ved his decision. iSHAP AND SILHRP V. BARCLAY AD OTI}EES. This was a business of proving in solemn form of law the last will and testanic'nt of Mfrs. Elizabeth Eonalds, late of Ilarnpstead, dated the 2Gth of April, 1152, promoted by Dr. A. N . Sharp, and the hey. X. N. Sharp, the executors named therein, against Miss S. Barclay and her two sisters, niecesofthe deceased. The testatrix died on the 20th of August, )854, a widow, agcd tS, leaving behind her, besides Mrs. Sharp, her sister, 12 nieces and nephews, the children of two brotherr, the persons entitled in distributicn t-o her effects in case she had died intestate. Her personal estate was valued'zt 4,0001. -By the will the whole of the uroperty was given to Mr Sharp for life, and. after her death to her children, to -the exclusion of her brothwrs' children. The only question before the Court was the capacity of the deceased when the will was executed. On the one side it was contended that she was of perfect sound mind, memory, and understanding; that she voluntarily gave instructions for the will, and well understood its contents. On the other side, it was alleged that during the latter years of her life she had become to the greatest degree irritable and excited; that she lived a very quiet, retired life, seldom saw visitors, and was carefuly attended by a woman engaged for the purpose, by whom al her accounts were kept for the last three years of her life; that after 1849 she suffered from St. Vitus's dance, her mind and memory became greatly impaired, she was confused and wondering in her thoughts, quite incapable of transacting any business, and entertined unfounded impressions and insane delusions. The ADmIALTY iADVOCATE (with whom was Dr. Twiss), submitted on behalf of the executors, that the will was fully proved by the two attesting witnesses, whose repu. tation was beyond all dispute-one being a medical gentleman, and the other the solicitor by wiom itwas drawn. Trey both distinctly and positively deposed to the capacity of the deceased, and to her exercise of volition on the occasion. The witnesses against the will failed to prove either general insanity or particular delusions. The requisitions of the law had been complied with, and he therefore prayed the Court to pronounce for the will and to condemn the parties opposingit in coseos. Dr.'Jml.xu (with whom was Dr. Spink}s) ini oppostion to the will, contended that the deceased had laboured under delusions of various sorts, the existence of which was proved nvot onlly by the evidence of ordinary witneises who ha enexamined, but also by the testimony of the medical man who had been i attendance upon her. Her mind was, in fact, full of delusions. The solcitor who drew the will knew nothing of the deceased, having seen her only once before. Her attachment to the Barclays was extremely strong, and there 'was no reason why they should not have shared in her testamentary bounty. He submitted that the will was not entitled to probate, The COURT reserved its judgment. REXCE V. PRBSSEY. This was a question as to the validity of the will of Har. riet leece, spmster, dated the 14th of January, 1855. The case was only part-heard when the Court rose.
AMURALTY COURT. FRmxv. FB. 2q. T TALMSMA.-COLI aSIO. (Before JDr. LvSrn.;GTOX;T-1 -us was an acmon orougnia Dy tne Mrench iugger JoseIphine Anaie, of the burden of 5i tons, against the American ship Talsman, of the burden of 1,237 tens, to recover the loss arising from a coUision betvveen them at 12 30 a.m. on the26thof Octoberlast. The lugger was bound from London to Brestvntha cargo of linseed, and had brought up in Deal Roads with twvo anchors. The night was light, but squaly On observing the Talisman drifting towards her the chains were slacked and the helm starboarded, so as, if possible, to sheer the lugger clear of the ship, but in a few minutes the ship struck her w,ith her stern, doing considerable damage. The Talisman was proceeding from Calcutta to London with a general cargo. She had brought up with a single anchor, but broke adritt, in consequence, as she said, of a violent squall. Orders were given to let go a second anchor, but before the ship could be brought up the collision occurred. She alleged that, as far as she was concerned it was a case of inevitable accident. Dr. BAYFORD and Dr. Twiss were heard for the lugger; Dr. AnDAMIS and Dr. SPL'ns for the Talisman. The learned JmDGE inquired of the :Elder Brethren which of the vessels was to blame. The Elder Brethren imputed the fault solely to the Talisman for not letting go a second anchor in tine. The COuRT pronounced for the damage. THE hPRAY,flTA-SOUSTRACTION 0OF WAGES This was a suit originaly brought by three seamen, to recover the wages alleged to be due to them on a voyage from Liverpool to SGeeloug, Bombay, &c., and back to LiverpooL The owners claimed certan deductions, and the Court pronounced for the wages, subject to those deductions. On the 17th of MIay, 1854, the proctor for the mariners returned a monition against the owners, whlich monition called upon them to pay to him, as proctor for the marnuers, the wages schedulate. The owners appeared to the monition, and alleged in answer thereto that on the 7th of A pril they had, in conformity with the 13th and 14th of Victoria, sec. 9)3, 96, and 98, paid the wages before the shipping master, and they brought in a release. The case was argued in October, 1854, and the facts reported in The Tim.es of the 20th of that month. Dr. LITSHLX;GTON now delivered judgment, and, after expressing his regret that, in consequence of a misapprehension as to there being a suit pending at common law, there bad been so much delay, went on to say that the defence o- the owners might be considered in two points of view. If the statute was compulsory, and the owners were bound to pay before the shipping master, though such payment was made in compliance with a decree of this Court, that would be a valid answer to the monition. Assuming that no such effect could be ascribed to the statute, the question which would then remain for discussion was whether a payment to the mariners themselves, under the circumstances, would bh a good defence. On the part of Mr. Pritchard, the proctor for the seamen, it was denied that the statute operated upon cases where recourse had beenhadtothe Court of Admiralty, or, indeed, any other Court entitled to take cognizance of claimas for seamen's wages. The 98th section of the act commenced with these words:-" That upon the completion before a shipp' master of any discharge and settlement" the master sholddo as directed. It appeared to him thatthose words did not apply to the present case. The meaning of those words he took to be that in all cases where, on the termination of a voyage, the master or owners had settled before the shipping master that the seamen were entitled to be discharged and receive a given amount of wages, then the remaining piart of the section as to payment and release should be earned into effect. Was it possible to contend that when there had been a suit in this court and a decree suchproceeding could fall within the words, " a completion of a settlement before the shipping master?9' Such a constructioniwas wholly untenable. What would be the result if the interpretation of the owners was correct and must necessarily becarried into effect ? A verdict in a court of common law for wages claimed by a mariner, or a decree of the Court of Admiralty, could only be obeyed by the owners making pavment before the shipping master at Liverpool. Strange consequences would follow froni that construction of the act. Ae must now direct his attention to the second question. In March, 1854, Mr. Pritchard applied to the proctor for the owners for payment, which payment was refused. It was not denied that a copy of the letter was received by the owners or their agent efore the 7th of April, the day on which the wages were paid before the shipping master. A procter had the same lien as an attorney in other courts on the subject of the suit for his costs. In the case of seamen's wages the principle applied with much greater strngency, for they were a class who personally could not be considered as competent to pay any costs, and it could not be expected that professional assistance would be given them if there was not a lien on the wages. To hold a different doctrine would in effect deprive them of their right to sue here and at common law. He would therefore decree that the owners should bring into the registry the sum schedulate ; that Mr. Pritehard's bill should be taxedcby the Registrar as between proctor and client, and the same paid out of the fund in court, if it would suffice. Any balance remaining after paying the costs must be paid to the owners, who must pay the costs of this petition.
COURT OF BANKRUPTCY, Baingh v-strW, maych 1. IR SYR ROTFRRP PRTe1' A P (Before Mr. ComMiMW njr EvmAc1 A meeting of creditors under this bankruptcy took place to.day for the purpose of considering a proposal to supersede. It was agreed to accept a comuposition of 5s. in the pound, and the order for superseding wvill accordingly be made in the course of a few days. (Before Mfr. Commisswoner GowLtnUN.) D1 BE TILTICRAP. The bankrupt, -a grocer of Bishopsgate-street, applied for his certificate. The debts were 1,6201. * assets about 4001.- the profits had been 3171.; losses and expenses, 1,4201. Mr. Bagley opposed; Mr. Lawrance supported. Judgment reserved.
INSOLVENT DE3TOR * COU, WT.March L I W PDE RICHARD SERSNE'T. (Befroie Mrr. a mmissioner PnmLLuPRs inis ansoivent, a young man 22 years of age, applied for his discharge. 3fr. Pearce opposed on behalf of the detaining creditor, William Weaver. Mr. Sargood supported. The opposing counsel produced the record of an action "Weaver v. nennett," brought by the former to recover damages on account of the seduction of his stepdaughter by the insolvent. The damages were laid at 5001., and upon the trial in November last the jury awarded 501. 'The plamntiff's costs had been taxed at 59L Is. 6d. TIhe insolvent had been engine driver at a fur manufactory where the p]ainti's stepdaughter had been employed, and the p laintiff carried on the business of a baked potato dealer in Southwvark. Theyoung woman was called, and in answer to a question from Mr. Pearce, said she was still a patient at St. Thomas's Hospital on account of a disorder which resulted from her acquaintance with the insolvent. In reply to Mr. Sargood she said she was not now willing to become the insolvent's wife. He had offered her marriage while she was in the hospital, but she refused him. Ar. Commissioner PI'm?iis refused to retry the case. The rule of the Court had been, in such cases, to accept the award of the jury as final and to proportionS the judgment to the amount of damages, taking into consideration at the same time the respective stations in life of the parties. hlr. SAPGOOD wished to give evidence respecting the cir. cumstances which led to the action being brought, but Mr. Commissioner PssLups refused to go into the matter. It was a disgusting case, and he should not break through the old established rule of the Court. It was then stated that an offer of 201. had been made to the plaintiff, in addition to a payment of 4s. a-veek, but refused, tho plaintiff being of opinion that the insolvent's friends were able to offer better terms. The insolvent was asked whether he was not a partner with his brother in carrying on the business of thefur manufacturer, but he denied it, stating that he was only a servant, as stated in his schedule. It was his business to engage all the young women employed in the factory, but he was only the agent of his brother .and his partner, Mr. lWake, in doing sO. Counsel having addressed the Court, lMr. Commissioner Pnsu.sr said, his judgment would proceed upon the basis of the damages awarded by the jury, ta}ing that as the estimatc of the injury inflicted by the inLolvent upon the opposing creditor. The insolvent would be discharged after being in custody for five calendar months *romn the date of the vesting order (January 31).
SPR}NG ASSIZES; .2ORTHERN CIRCUIT. NEWCASTLE. FRIDAY. FEiL 29. TBIAL FOR THE MATFEN MURDER. C1uMdN,AL COURT.- ?;'Drf ,lfrt .ThRitei WTTY.T '1 James Conroy, aged 26, Elizabeth Conroy, 27, Iichael Allen, alias Anderson, 23, Isabella AlIen, aZas Anderson, 55, Jane Anderson, 18, and Eleanor Anderson, 15, were indicted for havin.', on the 21st of October last, wilfully naurdered-Dorothy fEewick, in the parish of Stamfordham. Mr. Scurfield Grey, Mr. Mulcaster, and Mir. Blackwell appeared for the prosecution; and M1r. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. Davison for the defence. Mr. GREY, in opening the case on the part of the prosecution, said, the deceaeed, Dorothy Bewicvr, was about the age of 66 years. She had been, he understood, a servant in private families, and, having saved some money, she bought with it a small property at a place called Waterloo, where she lived and where she was when the murder took place. Waterloo, as he understood, was a row of small cottages standing by the side of the road which leads from Stamfordham to Ryal in this county. The cottages joined together, and had the Stamfordham and Ryal road on the north. On the north side of the road was a road which led from a place called Matfen, and it joined this Stamfordharn and Ryal road at the place where the cottages stood; so that they stood in a corner at the junction of the two roads. To the south of the cottage was a garden, and also a xmall close, which belonged to the deceased, and where, he believed, she kept a couple of COWE. That, then, wias the xituation. of the Cottages. The westernmost cottage was occupied by the deceased Dorothy Bewiek. It fronted the Stamfordham road andconsisted of a two-fall-that is, there was at the back of the cottagea sloping part not so high as therest. On one side of the door there was a barn, and on the other a washhouse, and any one entering, did so at the door from the Stainfordham-road, and then passed on to the other part. The other side of the cottage consisted of a kitchen on one side and parlour on the other. Over the kitchen was the bedroom of the deceased, in which the murder took place, and access to which was gained by a f9ight of small wooden steps. Over the parlour on the other side was a room, but that could not be considered part of the house, as admission to it was gained by aflight of steps at the outside, and at the time of the murder no one occupied that roam. Next the cottage,towardsthe east, was a cowhouse, where de|ceasel kept her COWs, and over that owhouse was also a room reachd by a 9light of stairs. That room also was unoccupied. About a year before, it had been occupied by a person of the name of Bernard Dobbin, but who at the time -of the murder lived in the easternmost cottage. Next to the cowhouse so unoccupied was the cottage of Conroy, and they would 9nd that at the time of the murder that cottage was inhabited by James Conroy, and his wife, Elizabeth Conroy. They had two very young children, and there also lived with them in the cottage, as lodgers, the prisoners Michael Allen, Jane Allen, EleanorAllen, who were his sisters, and Isabella Allen, his mother, who went by the name of "Tibby Allen," and it was also a peculiarity of the family that they were indifferently called Allen and Anderson. At the time he was saealdng of anothler person named John Simm lodged with them. They would find that Simm was a more recent acquaintance of the Allens and of Conroy, and had not been there nearly so long a time as any of the others, and at this time the Allens were the lodgers and acquaintances of Conroy. Next to Conroy's cottage was the cottage of a man named Bernard Dobbin, who was a labourer, and with his wife lived there; and over their cottage was a cottage occupied bya person named Mlichael Lennard and his wife. Lennard was a drainer, and at the time in question was at Stamfordham, his cottage being closed durng the days he and his wife were absent, and they returfed, they (the jury) would find, on the 22d of October. But, beginning in order of time, on Monday, the 15th of October, a person named William IRobson, who would be a witness there that day, and who wasbrother-in-law of the deceased, lived five orsix miles (-ff Waterloo, ata place called Sweethope. He had married an elder sister of the deceased. On Monday, the 15th of October, hewentovertohis sister-in-law's, and theywould find that she and 3Mr. Robson wvent to Conroy, and on that occasion she found fanlt with Conroy for bringing ponies, or something of that kind, about the place. The deceased found fault with him in Mr. Robson's presence, and they would findwvhat would be an important consideration for them-that the prisoner Conroy on that occasion made use of language towards Dorothy Bewick which would be particnarly described to them by the witnesses. The deceased then gave Conroy notice to quit at Martinmas, which would be the 11th of the following November. On Wednesday, the 17th of October, the three men, John Simm, Conroy, and Alen, left their cottages about 9 o'clock in the morning. Theyhad then only with them, he believed, each a bundle. They went from there to the house of a person named Ann Robson, who lived at Sweethope, five or six. miles from Waterloo, and at Sweethope they slept in an outhouse, and remained there till the Saturday morning following, the 20th of October. At Sweethope they had hcen joined by a person named Williaimson, who left them on Saturday, but they would hear from Wiliamson that the men on the Friday were all in a place called Sweethope Dene- they were at a broolside there, but, what would L.e a very material fact, they would find that Michael Allen on that occasion went up from the brook and cut some sticks in the Dene. These sticks formed a very prominent feature in the case. They left Sweethone on the Saturday morning, but he must also mention that while at Ann Robson's, as she wouldtellthem, the prisoner Conroy made some very particular inquiries as to Dorothy Bewick and her property. After that, on the Saturday, they went a-few miles away to a place caled the Three FaTns. At that place the men left three broom shanks which they had cut in the Dene referred to. From Three Farms they went to a place called lirkhalre, orWestharle, and they arrived there about 1 or 2 o'clock. He had now traced the men from the Wednesday, when they left Waterloo, till they arrived at Westharle on Saturrday afternoon. They would find that the -women, who were left behind at Waterloo, left their cottage and joined the men at Westharle on Saturday afternoon. Conroy's wife had, however, left their two children in charge of the Dobbins at Waterloo. When they left Waterloo on the Saturday mornimg the women took with them a. pony, not attached, by itself and another pony attached to a small cart. -Mrs. Nobbin would tell them it was a very unusual thing for them to gonway on that day; and it would a ppear that they3met the men at Westharle by appointment. The men, indeed, had said they were going to meet the women there. AtXirkharle Conroy's pony was taken to a blacksmith's shop, and he should call before them a brother of the blacksmith, who would tell them that on that occasion the pony had upon him a halter, 'and that it was what was called a web-headed halter, about the appearance of vlich he was very certain, as the pony was offered to him for sale, and he took very particular notice. He would also tell theni that at that time Michael Allen had in his possession a hazel stick, which he would describe, and which, with the halter, would form an important feature in the case. From the blacksmith's shop they went to the cottage of Rebecca Hudson. They were there till about 4 o'clock, and took tea there. They there left a stick, which she would describe,-he could not produce it as it was burnt, but it would form a matter for their consideration. He must also tell them that at Hudson's either then or on a former occasion, the prisoner Allen wasseen to make use, for the purpose of fastening his stocking, of aleather garter. That leather garter would also form a most prominent feature in the case; it was of great strength, and the witness had made a remark about it to Allen at the time. From Rebecca Hudson's the whole party proceeded to Westharle, and were next- found in the cottage of Catherine Atkins. They left there about 6 o'clock in the evening, and stayed there during the remainder of the day, for they would find that all the prisoners slept at a barn there, very near to the cottage of Atldns. While they were there, Patrick and Mary Anne O'Callaghan were also in Atkins's cottage, and they would tell them that during the evening they distinctly saw Allen with the hazel stick; and one of them would speak to another stick, which was a mountain ash not so thick as a broom shank-, which Allen used as a walldng-stick. The stick was taken away by Alen. While they were still in that cottage the prisoner Isabella Anderson asked for some lucifer matches, and they would find that she got some both from O'Callaghan and the chimney-piece of the cottage, and also asked for and- obtained a piece of candle, which was of considerable length, and that candle, it would be proved, she wrapped in a piece of brown paper and tied with a piece of thread. They retired to bedabouite . clockatniightin thebarn, havingleftthe cottage. Now, on the self-same night, about half-past 11 o'clock, William Slack, the carrier from Newcastle to Ingoe, passed Waterloo, and called with some sugar which he had for Miss Bewick. He knocked at the door, andhadhardlydone so when she appeared with a candle and tookl the parcel from him. He had something else, peameal or something of that sort, for her, but it was too late to deliver it that night. She shut the door, andthat, so far as he was awrare, was the last time she was seen alive, except by her murderers. On the next morning, Sunday, thewitnessDobbin, who, as he had explained, lived in the cottage most to the west, having gone to bed at 10 o'clock the previous night, and heard no noise-and he would show it was a very windy, tempestuous night-got up about 7 o'clock, when the bar which fastened his door was taken down, but when - he attempted to open the door he I found they were fastened in. They could only get the door of the cottage a little open, when they perceived the obstruction was a rope, which Mrs. - Dobbin cut with a knife, and they got out. That rope would be produced, and it would be shovwn to them to consist of a piece of halter with a knot at the end. Bernard Dobbin had jut seen chael Lennard pass his window on his retUr n from Stnmfordham, and he went upstair to his cottage to have a chat with him. On his -return their little girl was sent to the deceased, Dolly Bewick's, for the milk, when the little girl came back and gave an alarm. Dobbin and Lenmiard immnediately went to the cottage of the deceased, and from what they saw were too frightened to go in at the time, but having got the assistance of a -person named Laing, and of MEr. Harrison, a farmer, they returned to the cottage, and went in and saw what he should describe. The door wzas open: th3ere was a candle on the floor in a candlestick, and in the candlestick and on the floor there were lucifer matches scattered about, both in the parlour aind in the kitchen. The windoivs were obscured bysackingfastened up with forks. Theyafterwards went upstairs into the bedroom of Miss Bewick. Therethey found thebedroom windowv which looked to the south obscured also; andwhen they had takenthesackingdown they found the poor old woman on the floor lying on her left side. The bed-clothes were al1 dragged off the bed, anid she herself was only clothed in her shift, wlich wavs very much torn, and partly pulled off. Her hands were bound together with a small strap, which lie should ask them to believe was the garter previousl mentioned, and her legs were tied exceedingly tight with a piece of rope, anid that rope would be shown to them to be a portion of the halter with wwhich Dobbin's door had been fastened; and he need hardly tell them that Dorothy Bewick was tead, and not only so, but was cold, and had been dead for somic time. Thp string of her night-cap was found tightly comnprersed over her lip; there was blood upon the floor, blood uJpon her calP and blood, he believed, o-zrIng from her mouth. The surgeon saw her during the same day, and gave it as his opinion that thcre could be no doubt her death was caused by strangulation. There were marks of finger-nails, as if from Eome one's hand having been very siolentlypressed upon her neck, and, from a large swelling or wen from 'which she suffered, pressure upon that would be more likely to produoe suffocation thanif therehageen no such swelling. iHe must also tell them that there was found outside the cottage, leaning agamist the window-sill, a stick. That stick would be identified by the 'witness Ms. O'Collaghan as the stick 'which Michael Allen had in his possession at the cottage of Mr Atkins on the night before. He would trace that stick futher. He must slso tell them that in the bedroom where the poor worman vas there was a small iron 1hammer found, and that hammer had a hazelstick handle - and he would shoawthat, so faras such a thing could be identified, that stick was identified. He would show,; moreover, 'with regard to the other sticks, wlhich were cf mountain ash, that in the Dene there wasaplacefound whererlve stools were Iy howng that five sticks had beencut there very recenty; there was also the appearance of a hazel stick having been cut very recently, the stool of which corresponded very nearly in size to the hazel stickhe could not say exactly, because the stick had beea sharpened. With regard to the three broomsticks left by the men at the Three Farms, they also corresponded in thickness with three stools in the Dene- the fourt stiok, as he had toid them, was burnt, and the fifth was that which Allen had been seen in possession of, and which 'was found outside the murdered 'woman's window. He would also now aslc them whatwas their opinion as to the reason for Dobbin's door only being fastened? All 'wonld be dark, and supposing it to have been a stnger who had committed the n>rder, how could he know that Dobbin!s cottage was the only one inhabiteed? He 'would Imention a circumstance which might account for it. About 12 months before this a robbery had taken place at this old woman's house; At that time Dobbin-ived next door. She nade great resistance, and her cries having alanned Dobbin, he came to her assistance, but by the tmne he got there she had overpowered the Person, and he saw a man rush out of her cottage. If there vwas a fear on this occasion of a. sinilar interruption, itinght be considered a proper precaution to fasten the door of the mari who had rendered assistance before, and might probably render assistance again. These were the facts, connected with the murder itself. On the Sunday morning, at the barn 'where the prisoners 'were stayin, and which he must tell them, was sis miles and a half from where the murder was pe petrated, Tibby Allen or Anderson -was seen and assisted Callaghan to load his cart. Conroy and Allen were next seen to wal- over to the ire }Farnns at Isabella WDougall's, where, on the previous evening (Saturday), Simm, not included in the charge, had called and got the bundles, but left the sticks. They 'were an hour or an hour and a-half at the Three Farms, and then retunmed to Westharle, and after they had retlired to rest there, in the evening, police-officer Gilihespie came and apprehended the three men. He immediately made a search in the barn, but first of all searched them, and found that none of them wore any leather garters, and no sticks such as he had described were found there. No halter, and no web-halter 'was found. If the sticks, the halter, or the folded piece of paper and string which had been round the candle had been found, then they should have been sure that they 'were not the halter, stick, garter, and piece of paper seen at deceased's cottage. A more minute search was made next day, and none of these articles or similar articles were found in possession of the prisonersm It was a link wantinu in the case, that the piece of paper could not be produced, but it would be shown as a matter of fact that such apiece of paper was Eeen in the cottage on the Mronday night. The two male prisoners were taken to the lock-up at Kirkwhelpington, and next morning nothing was found except a clasp knife upon each of them, and such an article 'would certainly be ncesary to cut off the rope 'which fastened Dobbin's door. Allen had garters, but the were made of pieces of rug. The three men were afterwards taken to Morpeth. the four women 'were not apprehended until some time afterw.ards; and 'were seen at different- places during the ten days or fortnight after the apprehension of the men. A farm-servant of the name of Tulip, who had been 'working in a field adjoining the road, betweenffAtfen and Waterloo, would tell them that on the 3rd of November-just a fortnight after the murder-he found three silver spoons, which would be proved to be the property of the deceased. Tulip-would also state that some days before he had seen the prisoner, Elizabeth Conroy, and tvo other women whom he did not identify, sittin- in the hedgeside, whence the spoons might have been thrown. These were the facts as regarded the prisoners. He had mentioned to them the name of John Simm. Ile was originally committed with the prisoners on this charge, but had been before the grand jury, and would be examined before them as a witness. He would tell them that statements were made to him by the other prisoners, in the first instance at the time they were searched on the Monday morningat Xirlwhelpington, and wihat took place in the barn on the night of the murder. He stated that he fell asleep about 9 or 10 o'clock, soon after he went to bed - that Allen was next him; that he afterwards missed Allen, though, that being not unu2ual among them, he thought nothing of it, but that about 4 o'clock he awoke, and found Allen, who was then cold, having been out. That story, in itself, seemed to bear the impress of trotl], because the old woman and two daughters would naturally sleep apart, and Conroy would sleep vwith his wife. Simmn, he understood, 'would also speak to the halter and the garter. lf they believed his story, they would hardly fail to conclude that Allen and some one in the barn had committed the murder. The learned counsel proceeded to call witnesses in support of the facts he mentioned and the inferences he drew from them, but considering the conclusion at 'which the jury arrived, it is not necessary to detail the evidence. After hearing it at great length, the Court adjourned till next day (Saturday). On Saturday morning Jolin Sinun, the person alluded to by Mr. Grey, 'was examined, and spoke of alleged admissions by some of thc prisoners in regaxd to the murder. On the case for the prosecution being closed, Mr. OVEREnD addr-essed the jury for the prisoners. He complained of the spy system to which they had been subjected, not having been allowed to communicate with their attorney exceptinthe presence of an officer, and contended that the evidence was insufficient to prove their guilt. The,JTUGs, in sunmming up, said, there was no direct evidence of any pe ron having seen the prisoners commit the murder; and he then closely analyzedthe circumstantialtestimany, condemning the course which had been adopted of not allowing the prisoners to ConVerse freely with their attorney. The jury then retired, ,taldng with them the sticks and stools alluded to, andin ibout half an hour they returned, and, gave a verdict of .Zfot Gui/ty in reference to all the prisoners.
MDLAND aIrr"2 NORTHAMPTON, MIxRc L UROW' COUIT.-fBefore the LORD CnmF Tus7a) William Wynn, an inspector of police,wvas indicted for tae manSslaughter of Samnel Barton. Mr. MNerewether and Mfr. Burton conducted the prosecuion;i the prisoner was defended by Mr. Flood and xr. O'Brnen. The transaction out of which the present charge arose took place at Brauston on the night of the llth of August last. On that occasion the deceased, Burton, was on his way home from a publichouse when he encoantered the prisoner and two other constables, who, according to a statement made by him before his death, began to push him about, and got him down and kiclked him in a most dangerous part. Which of the men kicked him he could not say, but he felt in pain when he rose up, and, after running away, fell down exhaustedc at his owvn door. The next day he suffered from retention of urine, and was attended by a doctor, who discovered a laceration of the urethra. ln this state the man lingered until the 29th of August, -when he died. Upon a post mortem examination it was found that death had been occasioned by sloughing of the scrotum and lower abdonmnal parietes ; and in the opinion of the medical men those consequences had resulted from the laceration of the urethra, which iniry 3might have been produced by a klick or a blow. Both the medical men, however, agreed that the injury might well have been caused simply by a fall; and, independently of this circumstance, there was a great deficiency of evidence to fix the prisoner as the person who gave a blow. if any were strek. UInder these circumstances Lord Campbell did not call upon the prisoner's counsel for a defence, but directed an acquittal, observing that the case was a very proper one for investi,ation, but that, so far as the evidence went, it did not implicate the prisoner at all. It was stated that tho prisoner had not been dismissed from the police force, but only suspended; and Lord Campbell said he saw no reason why he should not be permitted to return to his duties. The prisoner's counsel added that the prisoner had denied nuon oath before the coroner, and still ened, all partcipation i the blow, if any were struck. The prisoner Mwas im3mediately discharged. Thiscase finished the businessof the assizes, and the Court rose about 4 o'clock.
POLICE. M12Sio-xoHUSE.-John Seymore was brought before Alderman CART-R for final examination, charged with having robbed a lady named Harrison of her purse, containing lOs. 6d. in silver and some foreign coins. The prisoner had been seen following the prosecutrix, and when she was looking at a shop window he dexterously took her purse out of her pocket and ran round the corner of the street. A gentleman observed the mancenvze and followed the prisoner, who, finding himself in danger, threl7 the purse among a set of cabdrivers, one of whom soon appeared with it at the station-house, to which the prisoner was speedily consigned. One of the police having upon the first examination expressed his belief that the prnsoner was a ticlet-of-leave man, directions had been given to inquire into the circumstances; and it was found upon investigation that John Seymore had been onvicted of a felony ir June, 1852, and senteneedtotransportation for seven years, after having servedhvo years of which he had obtained a ticket of leave. The tick-et of leave was not found npon his person, but npon going" to prison he told the officer that he had destroyed it for t'na purpose of preventing detection in that respect. Alderman C.AsrR sentenced the prisoner to imprisonment in Hollovway for three months for the robbery, and desired that a copy of the former sentence upon the prisoner should betrannitted to Sir George Grey. GunnALnL.-James Anderson, a respectably dressed youngmnan, describing himself as a lawyer's clerk in a highly respectable position, was again brought up before Alderman LA:WENcB, charged with stealing books. From the evidence it appeared that the prisoner was detected in the act of stealing a copy of Zqocaort's Vife of Scott, value 15s., from the shop of Messrs. -Reeves and Turner, of Chancery-lane, and, on being taken into custody, he threw another book away, and a third book he gavo up to Mr. Turner. A great many persons identified the prisoner as having paid them a visit, and among the number Mfr. Warburg, of Fleet-street, a second-hand ho oks3eller, who said he had bought booL-s of the prisoner repeatedly, and on one occason he bought 26 duplicates relating to books in pledge of him. R-e gave him Is. each for them, and promised to pay him more if the books realized sufficient. Inquiries were made by the officers at several pawnbrokers', andthe result was the identification of a volume of Byron's wroks5 value I&., by Messrs. Willis and Sutherland, of the Strand. In answer to questions from the Alderman, Mr. Warbmug said lie took the prisoner's name and address before purchasing books of him, and questioned him about them. -Hehad redeemed some of the books of which he had purohased the duplicates of the prisoner. The remainder ne gave up to the officer. Thexe were two other cases, which broke down because the prosecutors, after identifying the prisoner, were unable to identify the property. In one case Mr. Robertson, a secondhand bookseller of Chancery-lane, purchased the stolea book, but did not recognize the nrisoner. He never asked any questions of persons of whom he bought books if they appeared respectable. Alderman LAwvsENcE said it appearedto him to hs a very loose way of doing business. He was not surprised at such systematic depredations being carried on successfully when such facilities were offered for the disposal of the stolen property. With regard to thecircumstance of the purchase of duplicates in the manner described, he could only say that it was openig the door to robbery. The prisoner was then commnitted for trial upon two dis. thict charges. Edward Johnson was brought up on remand chared with stealing a bale of cotton goods, value about 1OZ., and n cask containing 7,000 squirrel skins, value 1161., and, the evidence being complete, he was conunitted for trial upont both charges. Thomas Howard was charged with obtaining I21b. of rins of Messrs. Peyton and Co., of 24, Noble-stre,t, and 41b. oE composite candles, lue 121., of Mr. Wood, oi Bucklerabury, by means of forged orders. The prisoner'was also charged with stealing 241b. of candles, value.2l., at the same time that he obtained the first lot, from the counting-houde of Mr.-Wood. The prisoner was cornnu'tted for tiL So'omnWIF--Benjamin Bunyan, a respectable-looldng young man, who for some years has been employed at Mr. Barling's Berlin woolwarehouse, Newington-causeway, was placed in the felons' dock charged with attempting to steal A gold watch and chain'from the person ofStephen Austin, 1n the Rockinghsam Ars pubEichouse. The prosecutor, a respectable coffeehouse-lceeper in tbe Dover-road, said that on the previous sight, aw little before 10Oo'clock, he went into the side bar of the Rocldugham. Arms pub chouse, at the coruer of the New Kent-oad, to take a glass of ale with an old acquaintance. While conversing there he saw a numberof suspicons characters, and he mentioned that to his friend and informed him that he should leave. 'While aseing to the door the-pr ioner pushed rEo ainst, him, put his hand into his waistcoa_ poaet, n his watch was, and made an attemn' to ateal that and his chain. Witness caught hold of his Nand, ana told him that he wanted to steal his watch, when the prisoner protested that he wanted nothing of the kind, but, feeling persuaded that he did, he gave him into custody. In answer to the magistrate, Mr. Austin said that he had been drinking, and at the time was nuder the influence of liquor. There vere a number of persons in that compartment of the publichouse, and there was somne difficulty in getting to the door. The prisoner stated that ;.t ws a false charge, and he bad been locked ulp without the slightest foundation. He ha been many years a porter at Mr. Barling's, and bore a ro. table character, so t it could not he likely that he should make such a daring attempt to steal the gentleman's watch and chain. The fact was that as soon as he closei the shop he went into the Rockingham Anrs with a Young man to partake of a pint of porter, andmake some arrangement about a smalU purchase. His friend asked him to go across the road to a tobacconist's and buya couple of cigars, as he did not like those sold in the publichouse. He accordingly did so, and returned with the cigars, and while he was pushing past Mr. Austintoget tohisfriendhe was charged with putting his fingersinto his waistcoat pocket and attempting to steal his watchand chain. police*constable 215 M said that wvhen he took the prisoner into custody he protested his innocence, and made the -same statement to him. The prosecutor was much under theinfluence of liquor at the time, but he persisted in nialing the charge at the station-house. The MINGISTraTE said that, as the prosecutor was in that state, he was very likely to be mistaken as to the prisoner's purpose. Hehardly thoughtit likely that he wouldattempt such an offence near his master's shop; he should therefore order himn to be discharged. Lx.Buras -Charles Morris, a well knownthief, -who was only dischargen from the House of Correction, Cold-bathfields, on the 20th of last month, after nine months' exercise on the treadmill, was placed at the bar before the Hon. G. C. NORTON, with Thomas Cherrv, a " ticket-of-leave" man, on a charge of breakdng into the premises of Mr. Edward Stow, a silversmith and jeweller on Camberwell-green, and stealing therefiom some articles of plate. Mr. Lund, the superintendent, informed the magistrate that about the mniddle of the month of November last t'he prisoner Morris was heard by one of the turnkeys in the House of Correction tell a fellow-prisoner of his intention, as soon as released, to break into the shop of Mr. Stow, a jeveller, on Cainberwell-green; and the governor of that prison felt it to be his duty to write to Sir Richard Wayne on the subiect. Sir Richard forwarded the letter to him (M1r. Lund), and he lost no time in seeing Mlir. Stow, to puit him on his guard. He also had the prisoner watched on. his discharge from the prison, so as to find out his address in case he should want him; and, in consequence of this latter course, both prisoners were apprehended on that morning. Ir. Stow said that, in consequence of the caution given to him byMr. Lund, he increased the fastenings of the doors leading to his shop; and, from the pecimen which the thieves gave on tne night before of their determination to get at his prolerty, it was most fortunate that he did so On that muonung, at 7 o'clock, his servant gave an larzm, and, on coming dowvn stirs himself, he found that the hinges of the outer door were torn away and the pantls removed, so as to enable a small person to pass through. Beyond; this door, however, they could not make a further appsoach to the shop; but from the kitchen. which they entered, the thieves carried away some silver spoons and other articles of property. He (Mr. Stow) had seen Sergeant Copping compare the blucher boots worn by Morris with the footmaris in his garden, and they fitted to a nicety. Sergeant Copping said he took the prisoners at tle lodging of 3forris, near the ew-cut, and, ontaking them along, Morris reproached Cherry for having "snitched" on him, and with a des,oerate oaT said he should suffer death himselt rather than sell apybody else so. The prisoners wrere remanded.
" TELBOT YERSU TALBOT." TO TE i~D1ToIt or THE TIMES. Sir,-In your staictxres on- the case of " Talbot v. Talbat," in this morninges paper, you omit to notice two verr material facts:- One, that Maria Mooney is directly contradicted as to plce and time by Margaret Hall, whom Judge Torrens calls atrmth-telliug -witness. The other, that the confessions of Mrs. Talbot -were made when she -was in a state of raving madness. They include cimnes -which it aw physicalUyimpossiblethat she coulJ. have committed. In another respect you do me far too much honour. Yom have quoted as part of my speech one of the most beautiful passages in our dramatic literature, which I applied to the condition of lMrs. Talbot. It is this. I said -here vas for her- "No conversation, " No joyful tread of friends, no-voloe of children, "No careful father's counsel,-nothing's heard "Andnothing is, butmere oblivion, "Dust, and an endless darkness." I trust that you will oblige me by the insertion of this lotter, and am, Sir. vour most obedient serlvant. - - JOIIN GEOItGLE PHLLDIJORE. I .IrOOFT lIUO, I.WaLca I.
AUSTRALIA. A1:VAL OF TfE JA2INES BAThES. IBY ELECTRIC T=. GR&PT-n LIVERPOOL, SuNnDstY. By the arrival of the Royal -Mail ship James 3aines, Captain MtDonald, we have advices froua 3Ielbourne to the 28th of November. She has brought 80,OOOoz. of gold on freight and SW pas. sengers, besides a large cargo of wool, &c. The James Baines was dettined by calms off Cape Born; during the voyage she experienced a severe gale, which lasted for five days. The Ligqhtning, Captain Enight, hence, arrived at Atelbo1urae on the 26th of November. We condense the following slummary of Australian intelligence from the Melbour.ne Age of the 27th of INovember:- State of Trade.-Since the departure of the Champion of the- Seas business had become more animated, and, the reports from Sydney being more satisfactory, there was increasing confidence. The demand for the interior had greatly improved, and was very lively. Large quantities of goods were continually forwarded to the diggings, while cartage continned very low-in fact, lower than had ever been since the gold discovery. iEercantile transactions had generally assumed a more healthy aspect, and insolvencies were less numerous than they were. E- changes.-:Banks low ered the rate of exvhange on England on the 19th of November to par, and purchased at 2 per cent. discount. This-reduction had an immediate effect on the price of gold, which is now quioted by the brokers at from 31. 15s. 3d. to 31. 14s. Od. The Colonial Bank of Australasia -will shortly commence operations with every prospect of suecess.. WYool.-This staple had undergone considerable fluctuations in value. The sales by auction on the Eth passed off without spirit, and parts of stocks of greasy wool, -which had previously realized 8d. to 9L., did not realize more than 7d. to 712A At the sale of the 15th prices raliede a little, and we may - qiote the average at from 7id. to 8ld. The quan- tity of wool shlipped from October 10 to November 10 was 5B1,9591b. Labour.-The cry of destitiition had entirely ceased, and there were few complaints of want of emnployment. Some judicious steps had been tak-en by the Government for notifying to new arrivas .and others seekinlg intformation the localities in which a demand existed for labour, and the current rate of wages. The Gold-fields.-The reports received during the previous mnonth fiom the various goldfields -were of a uniformly sattsfactory character, both as regarded the yield of the precious metal and tlhc gernerally prosperous condition of the population. Two nuggets, the one weighing 220 oz., the other 240 oz., had been found on the Alma, and a third, weigh ng 730 oz., had been brought to light at Daisy-hill. Discoveries of new quartz reefs were of frequent ocCurrence, and indications were not wanting of the presence of silver and copper in these conglomerates. Great activity was observable in the works of the ironfoniders in ilelbourne, and the men employed by the principal firns had been working night and day, in order to keep pace with the demand for quartzcrushing machiTes. The quantity of gold brou,ght down by escort was as follows Ouncees. Week ending October 27 . 52,288 ,, November 3 . 43,712 ,, 10 .. 8 ... 5S,02 17 .. ... 51,6%0 ,, ,, ~~2A ... ... 56',SS5 Total ... ... 263,091 Irrespectively of which a large quantityfound its way to this city and to other places by private hand, besides what was smuggled over the frontiers to avoid the payment of the export duty. There was no alteration in the price of gold-it remained at 31. 14s. 9d. The new constitution was proclaimed on the 23d of November. On the sarae day the Legislative Council met for its last session, prior to its dissolution. His Excellency Sir Charles Hotham, in his speech on the occasion, expressed the hope that the new constitutionwould be productive of the happiness and prosperity of the colony. He announced his intention of transmittinu tswo bills-one to regulate the elections, the other to prevent bribery. iHe expressed his satisfaction at the state of the goldfields; good order and quiet prevailed generally. After alluding to the best mode for defendino Hlobson's-bay, approvig the plan adopted, OS Excellency expressed the hope that a measure wolld -shortly be brought forward for the constructiont of railways in the colony. Aluding to the financial condition of the colony, his Excellency said that he trusted he wVas justified in assuming that, with a few exceptions, the colony would be at the end pf the year nearly, if not quite, free from debit. AOLEO RNE GOD -CIRCUJA, Nov. 24,1855. Exchange having again been`lowered one per.cent., it being noU at par, a reductioa'in the plice of gold followed, and 75s. lecame th-e_price for the week. A large amount of business was donei"ruii nthEs *ek for the James Baines which ship vriold have - taken a much larger quantity, but for the Sydney in-competing with the home market. A gocd deal of this coloaial buSiness is of a speculative kinad based on the contingency of our Legisittive Coumcil enacting a law to make the Sydney Mintsge current in Victoria. This being a question of importance to the colony, affecting her greatest product, vill give ample scope to the fin.ancil acumen of our newly-fledged legislatos Dnder the new constitution. The quantity; of gold sent down by escort continues to keep wel up, showiing that oatr goldfields are assuming a gradually increasing aspect. Among the gold arriving by escort are several parcels of amalgamated, the result of (lnartz-crushig machines, which we are glad to say are improving in their productiveness. Number of persons arxived ... ... 1,855 Number that have left ... ... 466 Additionthis veek ... 1,39 and year 46,334 The escorts have brought from- Ounces. Ilomnt Alexander and Bendigo ... 16,179 Ballarat, including Geelong ... 18,744 The Oi-ens ... ... ... ... 11,1S6 riiely Creek. 5525 ,'-ryborough ... ... ... 3,615 lI'Ivor .881 Daisy-hl ...6 ... ... ... 679 Avoca .. ... ... ... ... 260 Oz. Amount this week ... 56,969 and year1,934,155 Gold shippedc in 18.5.5 ... ... ... ... 2,267,263 Per steamers to Sydney ... ... .. ... 25,109 Per James Baines to Liverpool ... ... 75,000 2,367,372 Or 98 tons 12 civt. 3 qrs. 61b., at S0s. ... ... 9.469,488 Exchange on London--Draughts against gold purchased at 2 per cent. discount. Freight of gold, 41d. per ounce, delivered at the Bcl.on-office, Bank of 13nglatd, London. lnsurance 2 per GERELONG GOLD C1C1LA R, SAurRDAv, No-v. 24. There is nothing of impotance to relate this week, excepting that, in consequnce of a fall in the bank exchange, a corresponding reduction has taken place inthe buying price of the metal. The supply in town aas been rather me-gre on this account, and also frora the fact that the price at Bal1-t B still as good, if not better, than that in towni. The present quotation is 75s. .3d; far Ballarat samples. The difierent fields are having about their usual amuotnt of success. Since last circular there has anived byescortas follows:- oz. dwt. Castlemaine escort ... ... ... 21,305 0 Maryborough and Avoca ... ... 4,817 0 Miery Creek ..6 ... . . ... 6116 10 Ovens ... ... ... . . .1,185 10 Totail... .. .. .. ..43,4294 0 ELxchange on London.-The banks at present sell their draughts at par> and. buy at 2 per cent, discout. Freight on gold. delivered in London, 4.d. per ounce; insurance on ditto, twvo guiners per cent., exclusive of wvar risks.L
THE BRITISH MUSEUM. TO THE DITOSFOF TTHE TIMES. Sir,-In reply to the letter siged " Veran," which appeared in this day's Timnes, I beg to say that the question put by Mr. Heywood in the Rouse of Commons on Thursday night last involved two points :-1, whether the Governmerit proposed to abolish the offices of principal librarian and secretairy; and 2,jvhether they intende to adopt the reconmmendation of the commission,rs byappointino two directors-one for literatnre and art, and the other for science. The Chancelor of the Exehequeir stated, in reply, that the Govelnment could not abolish theofliceof principal librarian withoat an act of Parliament, inasmuch as it had been created by act of Parliament. With respect to the su"gestion of the comTnasioners, what the Chancellor of the Excheqaer said was that they had proposed "two" schemes, and not one; and on both points the Chancellor's reply w, asstr,ctly correct. The commyissioners were rinaniagreo amnong themGselvels as tto tPhe beast mnode of building nop T he extract fro m the rep ort of th e coa nm issio ers, as give by Verx," s gabled Hehas copied the general suggstio, bu omited he dtais. IHis statemnent of therepy o th Chncelorof heL~xchcquer is equally - FAiR. PLAY. ALUIdL-L
IND"A AND CHINA. A few dk-ys back we published a telegraphic me-i sage frowu Trieste in anticipation of the overland mail WVe have now received our letters and papers by the Marseilles route. The following are the letters of our correspondents at Boombay, Calcutta, and. ongkong. "CALCUTTA, JAN. 24. "The proclamation annexing (lide has not yet `ppeared, but the order has been passed, and the troops are swarlingto Cawnpore. The home autlhorities, as I informed you, left the Governor-Genei-al calrte blanzche, and, as usual, he has adopted the most complete and definite of the two lines of policy open to him. Oude isto be annexed and not secquestrated. The difference is, that in a sequestiated province the surplus, instead of awelling the general revenue of the empire, must be spent within the province itself. The system is greatly in favour with the older officials, and has some few advantages. The province usually prospers. Thlere is a more liberal expenditure uponpublic works, and -reaterreadiness to carry out improvements which uvolve expense. The comnnissioner, too, wields the entire authority of the native Court, and can repress crime and. secure property by means somewhat stermer than British regulations will permit. These advantages, however, are outweighed by the extreme injustice of the arrangement. The province obtains the whole benefit of our expensive administation, of our strong army, of incorruptible officers, and of the profound peace our arms secure, and. pays nothing. The reve-nues of Bengal aid. Madras are compelled to bear the whole of the Imperial expenditu2re. Mysore is a sequestrated province, but the experiment 'will scarcely be repeated, and certainly not in Oude. The system which has been so successful in the Punjab is to be transferred tlhither entire. General Outram will be Chief Commissioner of the province. MIr. IMartin R. Gubbins, well known to the public as an able collector, will be Finance Commissioner. The Judicial Commissioner, MIr. Ommanney, is less known; but he bore a high reputation as a young man, and is said to be a stern decisive judge. The Secretary, Mr. G. Couper, has been for the past two years Under-Secretary in the Foreign Department, and has earned for himself 2 reputation as an active working officer. He is one of a number of young men whom Lord Dalhousie has selected, who are rising rapidly to the highest posts in the country, and who seem unconsciously to have imbibed his principles of administration anid Government. They are the most thorougl-going reformers in the country, and, once in power, will effect more for India in a twelvemonth than the present race have effected in a generation. The additions to the empire during the present reign have rendered promotion unLsually rapid, and we have now heads of departments scarcely 30 years of age. I may remarxk, en passant, that all our officials are younger ttlm is usual in Eiurope. I cannot recall one civil officer in high position who is more than 60, and the majority attain power before they are 48. Mr. Lawrence, the successful ruler of the Punjab, is not yet 50. His secretary, the author of the Thaijab Code, now the ground law of 17,000,000 of people, is yet barely 32. "T To return to Oude. An army of 16,000 men is now collected at Cawnpore, and in a few days will be pouring towards Lucknow. No resistance is expected, but Lord Dalhousie never leaves opportunities to the disaffected by any mistimed affectation of security. There are rumours that the Nepaulese are inclined to put in a claim for a slice of the cake, but they are already fully occupied, and Jung iBahadoor understands oUm policy too well to attempt any insane freak. The KingwilI be dismissed wvith a pension of a lakh of rupees a-month (120,0001. a-year), and -will retain, I presume, his personal irnmunities. The Jaghirdars will retain their rent-free lands for life, and a new settlement will be irmediately comnnenced. In three years it is expected, according to the officid estimate, that the surplus revenue will be 1,500,000Z. sterling. According to my estimate-the Source of which you know-the surplus will he considerably nearer 2,500,0001. Oude is one of the richest countries in Asia. Iesoil is as fertie as that of the Doab, while the eastern districts are as rich in minerals as (Cornwall. -Under olur rule the popuilation will, doubtless, increase as rapidly as that of the NorthWest Provinces;-and-districtsrwliich like Nauparah, have been recently and wilfully desolated, il recovertheir prosperity. The only cause of regret is, that Lord Dalhousie will not remain to complete the work he has begun. " Lord Canning is expected in Calcutta on the 28th of February, and Lord Dailousie leaves onthe 10th of Mfarch. He is, I am sorry to say, very unwell, worked almost to death. A few days since he could scarcely stand to receive the members of the Bengal Club who came to invite him to dinner. In spite of his physicians he persists in doing all his work himself. The arrangements for the fuzture G overmment of Oude have been made with his owvn hand, and, whatever theorists may fancy, the construction of a B3ritish Government in an Asiatic coiutry is no child's task. He is drawing up also complete accounits of eveiy province and department for the benefit of Lord Canning, and a report upon his own admiinistration ofJ eight years. And -all this in addition to an amount of daily work such as falls to the lot of only emperors and -witers for bread. LordAucklandonce said-it is the only witticism reported of hi-that, he and the Emperor of China governed half the human race, and still found time for breakfast.' Both potentates, I suspect, left things pretty much to Providence. Lord Dalhousie really does govern, and does not, therefore, find time for dinner. Calcutta is preparing tolo bhim honour, but has not yet made up its mind as to the mode. The general voice is in favour of a public subscription for an equestrian statue. Statues, however, are long in cominu. We have not seen Lord Rardinge's yet, and tihere is a feeling that it vould be as well to devise some tribute more national and less tardy of completion. " Among the smaller troubles with whiclh the (overnor-General has to contend are the arrangements for remodelling the Bengal Maline. Its position is wholly anomalous. Tihe steamaers of wyhich the fleet is composed are employed in time of peace as packet vessels between Calcutta and the eastern coast of the bay. In time of war, however, they are armed, and both in China and Burmah they have perfoimed most excellent service. Their commanders, however, have no naval rank. Their crews are no mnore responsible to control than the sailors on board an ordinary merchant vessel; and, when the Lascars are replaced by Europeans, -the greatest judgment and temper are required to keep them to their dulty. After the Burmese war the Government of India resolved. to raise the marine to the position of a navy, to giVe the officers fixed emoluments and rank corresponding with the grades of the Indian - navy. The Court of Directors, however, considered -it mOre expedient t-o amalgamate the tw-o services, offering to the' commanders of the Bengal Marine commissiorns as Masters in the Indian navy,-and to the junior officers a gratuity The comnmanders memorialized against what they considered a degradation,andtheGovernor GeneralinCouncilsupported their memorial. They are aU experienced. nen-all men of education; all have been thanked by Parliament, and all have received the special approbation of the Indian Government. Moreover, the dismissal of the younger officers would at once paralyze the service. Volunteers fresh from England. cannot do river work in Burmah, and would be scarcely of mruch use along the coast. The memorial seems to have elicited no attention 3 but the questiort demands a settlement. The Government will therefore, I believe, propose to place certain of their vessels under martial law, and give to tlle captains of those vessels only a certain rank corresponding with the grades of the Indian navy. This 1wil remove the anomalies; but it leaves the lIdian navy without that wider field of exer- tion and those new opportunities oi distinction which are so earnestly desired. " The trade of Calcutta, as I have repeatedly informed you, has outgrown its pilot-service. The rlnning pilots are worked to death, and the mate pilots complain that their promotion is almosii stopped. TThe umber of arlivals seems to grow larger every week, the MIaster-Attendant is at his wits' end. for new moorings, and every ne w ship is il additional call upon the pilots. The whole service is knownto be irritated to the last degree, and the otler day it was confidently affirmned that the service would, strike work. The threat even was enough to alar Calcutta. The pilots are not under artial lawr; the river cannot be ascended without their aid,- and the consequenlce would be a paralysis! of trade and the loss' of hundreds f thousads 4 poulids. The rumour proved, however," Unfoirjrded. The pilots indignantly resented the lnputation, and one of the most discontented told me that he ivould sooner be killed with work and exposure than inflict such suffering on the community. The Government will do all in its power to remedy the grievances, but the matter should be attended to at home. Every attempt to throw open the service has failed. MIen must ba pickied up young, and the Court would do w,ell to accept the necessity, leave theories alone, and increase the working strength of the service. The Mutlah river, on the other hand, the use of which will greatly relieve Calcutta, has been buoyed off. IKessrs. Watson, Borradaile, and Co. have despatchled thither the Anmelia to load with rice. She arrived before the buoys were laid downl, but reached the head of the liver in safety without a pilot. The owners calcuilate on saving a pound a-ton at,least, anid if their calculations prove correct the success of the Mutlall is assured. The Bank of Bengal has commenced the system of publishing a statemnent of its affairs every week. I annex the only one that has yet appeared:- "I STATP.136NT OF THE AFFATRS OF ME BRAK OF BxsGNiL FOR THE'%VEETX .fDnG ANXUAirY 16, 1856. LSABMITIES. Proprietors capital ... 1,07,00,000 0 0 Reserve fund. . .. ... 1,98,245 8 4 Current accounts ... ... ... ... 85,76,740 14 1 Otherchiins ... ... ... ..l 97,892 9 10 Bank notes and post bills. ... ... 1,46,86,852 9 11 Company's Rupees .. ... 3,42,59,731 10 2 ASSET. Govermuent securities 25,18,796 a 10 Dues from Government. ... ... 22,459 9 10 Mint certificates, undue ... . .. ... 48,94,149 15 11 Cash ... ... ... ... ... ... 61,29,70S 4 2 Loanson deposit of securitiesandaccounts of credit on ditto ... .. 1,76,06,819 9 9 Governnent bills discounted .. 94,306 7 7 Mrercantile bills ditto ... ... 28,30,187 9 9 Dead stock ... ... ... ... 1,63,303 11 4 Company's rupees - ... 3,42,59,73L 10 2 Published by order of the directors, J. B. PLWMB, Secretary and Treasurer. C. X7. Cooke, Account. " The amount of loans appears large, but the Bank advances them only on Government security. If the Treasury were compelled to follow a similar course we should hear nlo more of unexpected loans, raised in a hurry, for slums which ouglht to be procurable at an hour's notice. " The Indigo Planters' Association have resolved to present a petition. to Parliament praying for the introduction of non-official members into the Legislative Council. To a certain extent such an introduction might, perhaps, be beneficial. The Council, as at present constituted, is somewhat too official. The members are compelled to legislate without slulicient klowledge of the interior, and display an inclination to make laws too much uponl abstract priciples. There is, too, a -want of energy and a disposition to saubnit in everything to the lawyers whicih positively hampers work. Thtus the Council Is ready to pass a new code of procedure. A code howvever, has been drawvn up by a Royal Coranission in Enlgland. hIr. Peacock asserts, therefore, that to take any step in the matter would be to insult Parliament, which has taken it ouit of the hands of the Legislative Council. No one else Will take up such a task, and we are as far from a code as we were 20 years ago. "' Sir WV. Goram, the late Commander-in-Chief, has issued his farewell order to the Indian army. I enclose it as a literary curiosity. Youi complained of General Simpson's despatches, but General Simpson had, at all events, some faint idea of the construction ,of the En-glish Iaugunage.' " BO3IBAY, EB. 2. "The news brought by-the Semiramis respecting the quarrel between Afr. Afurray and the Shah of Persia was thought sufficiently serious to warrant the making of a denionstration in the Persian Gulf, and accordingly, on the 19th of last month, two war steamers, the Ajilaha and Victoria, having been prepared for sea with great speed, sailed for Bushire. " I mentioned in my last the despatch of another vessel of war to Judda, in the Red Sea, on accolunt of disturbances having arisen between the Turkish authorities and the Arab population. Intelligence has been nmore recently received, from which it woiil1d appear that these differences have a double origin in the fanaticism and the cupidity of the Arab population of Judda and Mlecca. There has existed from time immemorial a constant and extensive trafic in slaves between the portsofJudda, on the Arabian, and Mfassowah and other places on the Abyssinian shore of the Red Sea. At lMassowah alone 2,000 slaves were sold annually. A capitation tax on each individual imported into his donnWions was paid into the treasury of the Sultan, who was thus directly interested in promoting and extendinig the trade. But Abdul 31edjid, the ally of France and England, saw its iniquity and determined on its suppression. Some months since an Imperial order, strictly interdicting all traffic in slaves, was forwarded by the Porte to its authorities at Judda. There it was proclaimed by the Pasha, and a copy sent on to tha Governor of AMecca, who, backed by the judicial authority of the Cadi, announced it as law. But the priests and the people generally were not so easily satisfied. Therescript was declared to beopposed to the express precepts of tie Eoran, an attack was made upontihe Cadi, who with difficulty escaped with his life; troops were called out, aMIuezzin waskilled by a a Turkish soldier, a regular fight ensuaed, and the troops, after considerable loss on both sides, took refuge in the iFort. Tihe road to Judda was seized and occupied. The Pasha was threatened, and not he onzly, but the European Consul also; but Turkish guards were stationed for their protection, an the town, though ina3 state of siege, was in no immediate danger. The authority of the Porte, hlowever, is much weakened, or, rather, the slighteless of its hold upon the Arabian populatioal is striktingly manifested. " In P.ajpootana all is still quiet. The assembla<ge of troops has not ceased, no0r have the recusant chiefs given in theiradhesion to the awvard; yet there Iis a strong impression prevalent that an appeal to arms willbe avoided, and, indeed, the season for active operations in the field is rapidly passing away. "B3y telegraph from Calcutta we learn that Lorl Dalhousie has promulgated his decision in the affair of Colonel M'Iackenzie and the mutinous trooper s at Bolarum. We have not as yet received the detailed judgment, hut the B3rig,adier is censured fo0r his conduct in the matter, while the ringleadors in the disturbance have been dismissed the regiment. Colonel Mackenzie is about, it is said, to proceed, on leave, to England. '"Of localnewvstlhe principalisthe visit of tI1enewv Governor-General and Lady Canning, who arrive~l in the Feroze steamer from Sues on the 28thl of Januar y. As a proof, by the wYay, that thle Indian electric telegraph is nowv in good wvorksing order, I may mention that the message annotuncing thmat the F?eroze was signalled at Bomabay was ackinowledged Ifrom C5alcutta before the ship anchlored in the harbour. On the following day Lord Canning held a levee and a native durbar, and has since received and replied to addresses froml thle community at large, and from various public bodies. In hiis answver read to thme iirst of these OCCU1'3 the follotving passage "'I venture to hope that the progress vwhich India has made in the arts of peace and in prosperity, ander the able andvigorous administratson of the distinguished man -who hasso long watched over her interests, will suffer no check or diminution during my tenure of the charge which he is about to lay down. I undertake that the honour of Great Britain in her Eastern empire shall be preserved without a stain; but I earnestly pray that there may he no necessity to vindicate it by arms agamst any foreign foe,' " Durinty his short stay Lord Canning is visiting and examining every object of interest-antiquarian, scientific, or mechanical-in Boambay and its immediate neighbourhood. The Buddhist excavations in the heart of Salsette, the famous Braluninical cavetemple in the island of FEeplianta, the museum, dockyarcls, cotton-screws (powerful steam machinery for compressing the raw cotton into bales for exportation), hospitals, colleges, and schools, he has seen or will see. One work has been initiated by him of such paramount importance to the inhabitants of Bombay as to deserve more than a niere passing notice. Youare aware that we are dreadingto expe- periezce a frightful scarcity of water durng the ensuiing four months, the fall of rain during the last mosonon having been barely more than one-half the average. Measures have been planned, and are aboult to be carried on on a considerable scale, for tle aversion of the more terrible consequences c-f the calamity. The remnedy, however, is bnt temporary, while the disease-so frequent are these droughts-may almost be said to be perpetual. Permanent relief is only to bh looked for n the carring out of a scheme frequiently mnen: tioned to you before-the construction of a large reservoir or lake in the valley of Vehar, in the island of Salsette. So singularly fitted by nature is the valley for this purpo;w, that but five l, "^ rn}7aelAets ara nec y {o confine within itB lmnits me vast body of water that pours down from theb hils during 'the four months of the monsoon. The first turf of the undertaking was turned by Lord Canning two days ago. Lord Biphinstore prefaced, the proceedings by ani address, froni which I will extract a few statistical and other details . ' I The population, of Bombay haa quadrupled it9elf vithin the last 40 years. I find that in l816 there -were only 16o,000 souls; that in 1833 it had increased to 234,000, Th1185D to 556,000, and in 185f3 it is estimated from the former rate of nacrease that it cannot be below 670,000, and is, perhaps, even above that number. It is evident that a supply of water which would be ample for a pOpllation of 160,000 is altogether inadequate for one of nearly 700,000. With regard to the question of expense, I believe that the estirmates of this work prove that it will be constrncted at a comparatively moderate cost-the principal expense, indeed, wi be the iron pipe which is to convey the water to Bombay, and the distribution pipe by which it will be brought near to every man's hom.e. The total cost of the 'water work, including this extensive pining, is estinated at something less than -25 lacs, oi 295,1001. sterling, When we consider thant at Xew York, a town of about the same population as Bomnbay, with a large river flowving past it, above4 1;000,C0c?. sterling haa bcen expended in briniging vwater from a distance of 40 miles by an aqueduct; and that London, the population of ii hich as not four times as great 'with awater supply notoiiously inefficient, bays annually nenaily double the prime cost of our projected works as a water-rate, the estimate cannot. I thmnk, be held otherwise than extremely low.' "1 Fromi a statement dramn up by the engineer I take the following:- "'The actual requirements of Bomibay at the present time bave been calculated at an aggregate annual amount of about 4,000,000,000 eallons. The valley is equal to the storage of more than D,000,000,000 gallons, a quantity more thansuficiedntfor presentpurposes, evenif so largea maginaS one-half be allowed for evaporation and waste. The gathering grounds frora which the surface vwater can be collected have a total area of 3,948 acres, or nearly 6 square mniles. The lake itself vwl cover an area of 1,242 acres, or about two square miles, and will have a ..zxi2asnsm depth of 75 feet. While the amount of water ponded up v'ill be six times greater than in the largest Miglish. reservoirs, the cost of thte supply per head (notwithstanding the distance it has to be conveyed) will be only o,ie-fifth the average rate of the nine largest waterworks il London. The main delivery p will be 14. miles in lenigth and 16,725 tons weight. The town distibdution is intended to be so complete that no house shall be further than 100 feet from apublic stand pipe whence the water can be draws,. The probable time required for the construction of the worL-s in their full integrity wil be about three years; but should all go 'well they will have sufficiently progressed by the monsoon of next year to store up a very considerable proportion of the full quantity, and to secure Bombay from all chance of future scarcity.' "Lord and Lady Canning leave for Calcutta the niddle of next weelk, touching at Madras by the way. ":By thismail Dfr. lrere, the Commissioner of Scinde, proceeds to iEngland on sick certific,ate. The name of this gentleman has frequlently appeared in your coluinms in connexion with the risingprovnce which he ndministers with such -singular ability. There now, as formerly at Sattara his character, puiblic and private, has won the confidence and esteem of all. " The weather here is cool and pleasant. in the Deccan it has been an unusually warm cool season, and the heat is already setting in. This is attributable to the short monsoon. The rains in September saved the later crops, ancd prevented a dire famine, but I fe,ar there Wil be much distress. I have a letter to-day froem the northern part of the Nizan's country, in wvhich the writer, a mnan of gieat experience in Indian life, after mentioning that water is scarce and grain scarcer, says that he apprehends a very bad, season, both as regards heat and scarcity, and that he quite shudders for the Door. "The money-market in Bo3mbay has becone still tighter during the past fortnight, and the banks have raised their rates of interest to 12 per cent. A)) securities are much depreciated in value. The import trade has not improved, prices reraaining very low. in the exportmarket some activity has been manifested." C:EIINA . "HONGKONG, JAN-. 15. "On the 31st of December we received the London mail of the 10th of November, per steamer Madras, wvhich leaves to-day wvith the outward rmail. "Admiial Stirling, Commodore Elliot, and fleet remain in this harbour. CA At ALacao two very large fires broke out on the 4th and 5th inst., and destroyed the greater portion of the Chinese town, including the bazaar. Upwards of 1,000 houses aro said to have been destroyed, and property lost to the extent of more than a million of dollars. The crews of the French -men-of-war Virginie and Constantine were of great service on the occasion. "Adriral Stirling has organized a system of convroy between the five ports, which promises to be of incalculable benefit to native and foreign trade, a-nd highly efficient in suppressing piracy. "One of Her Majesty's ships is to leave the weathermnost port on the 1st of each month, convoying all vessels that find it convenient to avail themselves of the protection, and, proceeding along the coast, will -isit each port in succession. "On their return against the mnonsoon these vessels will malke search for pirates. Such a system has been long wanted, and thanis are due Sir James Stirling, from whom the measure entirely emanates. "Several attacks of the most daring natiure have lately been muade here on private residences, attended, in one instance, wlith loss of life to the watchmen employed on the premises. The numbers of Chinese of the lowvest class that are nowr in the colony point out very strongly the necessity of improved measures of protection against outrage. "The Chinese rebellion appears to be makinghead against the Govermuent. In Evwaigsi the rebels have beell successful, and have enitirely possessed themselves of three prefectures in the province of Riangsi, -which threatens to interrupt the transit fron the tea and silk producing country. In the nlorth, also, the province of Ronan is said to be in a state of insurrection, but no particulars of the movement have yet reached uis. We also have a report that a plague has broken oult at Chin-kiag-foo, and caried off upwards of 100,000 persons. It is called the black-tongue plague from its peculiar symptoms. "At Canton all remains quiet, but the progress of the rebels is a soulrce of uneasintess. "The Chinese new year falls on the 6th of February, and is expected to pass quietly, both politically and commercially." COMIERCIAL INT1ELLIGENCE. T1IM CALCUTTA MARKET. . (Prom the Celakua EnqAIs,nwan of Jan. 23.) The English accounts showing a decline in mostarticles of our p roduce, our market has been similarly affected, but the stocks generally being low the bazaar men do not readily give way in price, and consequently a slack business for the fortnight is the result. From this, hoowever, wre must except Indigo, wvbicll, doig -well at home,has conmuanded fullprices and ready sales, and 3ice, which, altnough lower in price, is in active shipment. The first opium sale of the year was held on the 10 th inst., when only 3,460 chests were offered, and, owing to the gambling operations in the bazaar, prices were krept up to a high average, thze sale realizing over 32 lacs to thie public treasury. Our piece goods market continues in a very inanimated state,, and we fear that ofth the continued large shipments from Great Britain nie imlprovement in prices can be looked for, hult it is a satisfaction to know 'that, notwithstanding the enotmous lnr eof the 2-.ports for some few years pass, svcks an first or second hands, either here or u countrv, are not excessive, thereby proving that the consumptioni ust be verv considerably on the inrease, the natives, getting high prices for their produce, having larger means for investnent in clothling. Twvist is rather more active, but 'with no improvement in values. Stocks, however, are but moderate. Metals generally are looldng down in price, and dull of sale. It is very gratifying to us to be able to announce SOIe improvement, however slight, in the state of our moneymnarket; ?urruckabad advices quote exchange i-half per cent. higher, hut drawers on this were plentiful, which is of ' itself a favourable symptom, as evidence of renewed credit among the native capitalists ; we can scarcely quotemoneycheaperin thebazar,asloarsornComnanyspaper I are still atllpercent.,andliscountsonChittiesandlfoondies I range from 1S to 1S per cent. per annum, but these documnents are now available according to character, and moneydealers offer to do business, whereas previously they had to be entreated to open their pursestrings. The impression is mthat matters have seen their wvorst, and that the mank o engal wil shortly be able to reduce the rate of interest and discount, when provisionz has been made for tis mnonth's demands for acan and Pegue, as January is usually the heaviest month in the season for those markets. It is understood that the Government has replied to the application of the Chamber of Commerce, that it is not prepared to make peiiodical statements of the condition of the public treasuries, but that it sees' no objection to the Bank of Bengal giving a weeldy account of its position; and to this course the directors at their last weekly mecting gave their assent, and accordingly the 6rctcte will for the future inform us of the actual state of the banlks finances. Up to date the exports of silver to Akyab and the Burmese ports for this month amaount to 18,51,235r. and we bear hat the Bank of Bengal is well prepared for all that -nil probably be demanded; but if tlhere be any difficulty ~t wM ., we believe, rest with the -Mint authorities, who e-ppear to havechosen amost inopportune mo-nent-for effect- mnent, though 'with occasional fluctuations; tile general --n1_-rll x-i jzW Dthat the Bank of Bengal was about to reduce the rate of interott as woel as the margin on Company's paper taken for loans1 , ad tmder the induence of this expectation Company's Yours improved at orne time as high as 154.., and the New Sives were again it lr. to l-4r. discount; but, when the meeting of the directors on Thursday last passed off 'without alteration of rates, the value of Yours at once receded to l;r.- to 16-Sr. (at 'which latter figare some large sales took place), and Fives stood again at 1-4r. to 1-8r. At going to press the quotations are .-Com. any's Fours, 16-4r. to 16-12r.-; Siccas, lSr. to 18-Sr.; and New Fives, at 1-4r. to 1-Sr. discount. Shares.-We have not had much doing in our joint stoclkeries. B3ank of Bengal shares axe steady at 6,500to 525; Agras are very quiet; North-Westernshave been purchased by the Bank officials for constituents, as we ander. stand, at as high zate as 360r., hut shares hIave been sold in the market at 3lOr. to 315r. ; India Generals are very steady at 10,lOr. to 1O,20r. ; Steam Tugs at ATOOr., but Bengal Coals are giving way a littlie, being offered at 12,76r., but without any active demand. The East India Railway Coin. pany have notified that the Government of India has raised the rate of interest guaranteed to shareholders to 5per cent. all round, and further the company advertise an extension of capital by the creation of new shares, which are offered to original shareholders in the proportion of seven new shares for every 10 old ones, and to the proprietors of the B extension stock in the proportion of three new for every eight old. Exchrange.-The question of theprobable rate of exchange is puzzling most commercial men just now; drawers are looking for a fall, under the influence of the lar-ge arrivals of silver telegraPhed as on board the Oriental, ana also with the greater probability of the Court's drawing rate being lowered to 2s., and American credits have been done at S2-2 and other good bills at A and g with Q for document hillis for produce not in general favour. It must, howvever, be bcorne in mind that uless the hanks can operate to a profit the will prefer appropriating their silver to the pa. ment of their loans from the Bank of Bengal, and, if this should be done to any extent, it -would lessen the amount to invest, or, if. exchange fall very much, the banks would come into the market as drawers, as, indeed, we hear they are offering to do already at 2-24 for the Oriental and Agra Banks, and 2-2. to 1 for the minor establishments. These operations would have the effect of easing the money-mark-et, and the moment the bhnk could lower its rate of interest a reaction might be look-ed for in our import trade, which would add to the amount for remittance, and enable the banlks to put themselves in funds ready .for a rise again of the rates, which the enormous excess of our exports renders pretty certaiL We have, on a rough estimate of valies, exported during theyear just closed, to Europe and America from two to three crores ia excess of the previous year, and that irrespective of the rice from Arracan, which we have paid for. NTow, if the other presidencieshave only kept their positiozn, and China the same, this fact must have the effect of maintaining a high rate of exchange for some time to come, althoaghprobablysubjectto occasional fluctuations. lWedo liot lose sight of the large imports of bullion from Europe, but on the other hand the imports from China have been comparatively small, and the amount of the Court's bills on India equaly so. Rates close rather stiff at 2-2A to , for first-class bills, up,to 2-4 for documents for sixmslonthse sight; Treasury and Bank Post-bills are at 2-i to A. On China we close at 216 to 217 per 100$. Freights, under the influence of the telegraphic news, causing shippers to act with caution, were for some days a little easier and lower xates were accepted, but latterly stiffer figares have been secured, and the certamty that the shipments of rice -wilbe very heavy forthe nest twoimonths, after which seeds will be again coming to market, leads us to believe that we shall not see freights mich lower for some little time to come. 900 tons of the Chas's room has been let out for America to one party at $15 per ton; small lots of goods are payrig S16; we omnitted in our last to notice the charter of the Hlavard (Aza.) for Hlavre at ol., or 3or. deaux at 5!. 2s. Gd. We have several vessels now loading for the colonies, and a revival of that trade seems gralually taldng place, Gl. offering freely; for Mfauritius 1-l2r. to 1-13r. is readily given. For China the steamers Iiery Cross and Ligtning are taking off. the opium of last sale, at 31r. per chest, returiug lr. to the shipper. TBE BONBAY 3IEARET. (From the -Bosiby Timts of Feb. 2.) REPoRT Ox Tnim STAkE OF BOSInAY T MAIETr FIONi TiE 16Tu OF J2ANr-u.y To TEE 2D OF FEBRUATRY. The Overland hail from London of the 26th of December was received by the Peninsular and Oriental steamer Sillgapore on the 24th of January. -Our money-mark;et during the fortnight has boecome much tighter, and the banks, although theyghave raised their rates of interest to 12 per cent., will only discount first-class paper at short dates. Securities cf all descriptions are almost uasaleable, in conseguence of the desire of holders to realize. There is little or no demand for English goods of any description, except at almost ruinous prices. The sales have been principally for the interior. Cotton Piece Goods.-The demand for all descriptions is limited-and from the following list of sales it will be seen that the prices in most instances have been unprecedentedly low, the demand in general being limited. Coloured goods and prints rerain umchanged both in valae and demand,- Yarns are not sought after. EXpotrTs. Cotton.-The market is now vnearly cleared of lastyear's stock, and new supplies are beginning to be looked for. Of the former we quote for Dhollera 82r. Of the new staple, sales have been effected of Ooinrawuttee and Candelsfi at 93r. to 9Mr. and SUr. to 90r. Linseed is-to be had at 4-14r. per cwt. Opium is iquoted at l,OOOr. to 1,910r. The Nlorna takles this morning to Cbina 2180 chests The stock in hand is 3,500 chests. On England for the mail varied but little, and the bulk of busqiness transacted -ie quote as follows :-2s. 25d. to 2s. 2 9I-1bd. for China and first-class credits, and 2s. 25d. to 2s: 2!tl for documents. On Calcutta we quote 99r. at sight, and 9Tr. at 60 days' sight. On M,adras WI9 at sight, and Or. at 30 days' sight; and on Chinia 215r. al 60 days' sight. FREsOHTS Freights have advanced, 41..'s. per ton havingbeen refused for seed to London. -For cotton engagements have been made at 3L 1Ss. To Liverpool the rates range from 31. 1T-7 to 4l. To China90r. per candy. COAN.TO4Y 3L4RXT REPORT. HONTKONqG, JsA. 15. The Chinese New Yead's-day falls oa the 13th of February, and transactions are usually restricted at this season; we have, however, to notice a fair demand for imports dEria" the past month, and after the new year welook for increase; activity. Cotton shows a slight decline. Sales hare been 7,500 bales. Stock of aH kinds, 13,100 bales. We quote Baombay mniddling to finest Ts 7.1. to S.1.; Bengal Ts 6.S. to 7.3; Aladras T5 7.3 to S.L Cotton Yarm.-The lower numbers have been chiefly inqgired for at a small advance on previous rates. The stock is smalL. Qaotations are-Nos. 16-24, $251 to 284; Nos. 23-32, $21' to $29 1; lios. 3S-42, $291 to $32. Longcloths.-The heavier kinds of gray have been taken for Shanghai. Whites showY sa advance of 5c. Grays are quoted at $1 9Gc. to $2 75c.; wvhites, $ 29c. to S3 10c. From noy our advices are to the 3d inst. The demaand for the above-mentioned articles of import had slightly improved, but prices had a downward teadency. WooLlens have further improved. Sp. stripes, assorted, $1 Ile.; scarlet, $1 22c. to S1 32c.; long ells, assorted, $7 40c. to $S 15c. Metals.-Iron has advanced. Nail rod, $3 70c. to S3 90c. bar square, $3 30c. to $3 70c. ; bar flat, $3 SOc. to $4 30c., round $3 70c. to $5 40c.; lead, $8 Soc. to $9 20c., tinplates, $S 60e. to $19. Bice is more scarce, and prices are $920 to $30 higher. Turkeoy opiunm $420 without inquiry. Cochinea, $110 to $175. Tea.-Since our last there have been no further arrivals of cargoes atCanton. Transactionshavebeen on a limited scale, and prices remain much as before. Old congon is I tael cheaper. The settlements have beeal5 chops of new congon and 15 chops of old. Prices paid were:-for the former, Oopacks, 241 to 311 taels; Oonamns, 1S to 21 taels; Kistrows, 19 to 20 taels; for old Oonains, 16 to 17l taels; Eisosv, 19 to 20 taels; Ohows, 141 to151 taels. Scented teas have been in demand and prices are firn. Country greens come forward freely, but sales have been muaU owing to the high prices asked. Foochow advices are to the 2d instant. Congous were firm at about previous quotations, and the remnaining stock wras principally composed of common sorts. Two vesseLs had left for.Great Britain. None loading. lb. xporit from(hanten, from lst ofJ'uly 1 .... .. .. . 1f 03,000. Sbangbai, from 1st ot Jiy 1855 . . . 21,100 000 Foochow, from let ofJuy, .. . 1,6.000000 Total .. .SL,0OO Canto,4 fom lst o0is.1,yS&t to 10th of Januay, 1855 .. .. -. .. .. 12,550,0 S,Shiangs, from Ist of July, 1SS4, to 10thof January. 15 .. 24,400,ODO Foochow. from lst of Jyly l154, to 23 of December, 1055. .. 1,000,0 TotaW . .. 49,000,000 Exchanges on England, tor six mnonthe' prompt hiLls, 4s. hlAd, to 7S. old. per dollar; on India, for bank blls, 22Sr. fo 232r<.e $10 F?reightato iaigluad, 4L 1%s. to S1. c.. Shanghai advices are to the 7th inst. Idoney continued very scarce. Imports had been in moderate demand. InL cx orts less than ulsual had been done. onglotbs.Mdiddling kinds of graysandimedium whites had been chiey in demand, and prces for these sorts showed an advance of 4e. and Sc. to 7c. respectively. The deliveries are stated at 140,000; stock, 190, 000 pieces. Woollens had been in demnand. Sp. stripes, assorted, would commland $1 to $1 3c,; long Ds, sales of assorted, had been made at $6 50c. Tea.-The business had been limited. Ningehou congous had been bought at 1 tael below previous rates. Other kinds remain unaltered. Silk.-The advices received by theo ail of the 10th of October gave an impetus to purchases; previously demand wvasdull. Third and fourth qualities of Tsatlees are alittle lower. Fine qualities scarce. Tsatlees, 2Mos. I and 2, $340; good, $285 to S290; inferior, 2.0 to $280. Taysaams, fine, $270; fair to good, $230 to $255; common, $190 to $215. Exchange on England.-For one maouth, prompt bills, 6s. 9d. to Gs. Mld. per dollar. On India.-E or Company's I accepted bills, 310r. and $100. Freights to En land.-II. for tea and 5?. for siLk. Exchange on Egland, 4-1 to 5-0., at Canton; 6-9 to 6-94, at Shanghai. SIUPPING INTELIMGENCE. ARtIxvxs. FROm GREAT 33nirAn At Hongkong.-Dec. 17th, the WVrow Johanna, from Cardiff-The Hlero from Liverpool-23, the Felix, from Newport-Jan. 4, the Sea Witch, fromj ULodon-5, the. Fanny Forester, from Liverpool-6, the Courier, fromf Liverpool-the .Althea, from, Sunderland-the .Axrow,1 from Tverpool-8, Jacoba Cornelia, from Cardiff-9, ?b Prxotens, from &wdIff1I Westcapefl;a from~ CaraA,Jt *Wbainpoa.-None. Shangbai.-}ec. 13, the Salacia, from london-20, the Turk, fom London. D}EPARTUR1ES FOR (X2EAT BRIT.AT. From Hongkong, Dec. 2L-The Kelso, for LondonJan. 6, the Industry, for London. i r om Wh-anpoa, Dec. 5.-The Dolphin, for Liverpoo.10, the (Thafenger, for london. _Fromth nnoohow, feor -The Joseph Somes, for Londom -20k the Jun, for Cowee | From Shangl;ai, Dlee, 8.-5The Aerolite, for I ondoni-2Z, The IJLMOeuzes, for IAepoo-Jn 4, the X~E arnie,for"
STATS OF EGYPT. , A ANDRIA, FEB. 22. The Calcutta and China mals -which have been here since the l19th, proceed to Tng1and only this day by the steamer Ava. Eaid Pasha, the Viceroy, has returned to Alexanderia, and is as busily engaged as ever in reforming and drillin- his troops. The poor Bedouins have been siffering great cruelties at his hands, all those is REigbness succeeds in catching are chained in couples, and cast into the vilest and mosli nauseous prisons. Last week-, during several days, about 3,000 of these poor men -were brought down to Alexandria, and on the -way many of them died from the excessive cruelties they had undergone, the living were not separated from the dead, as the ma in charge had to account for the whole number, and they were thus taken to the galleys. Egypt, -nder Said Fasha, is governed with the same despotic sway as when uinder the dominion of the Pharoahs, andGto speak of the Government of Egypt iS t4 speak of the character of Said 3?aha, who is exclusively his own Prime Minister, his own Council, his own Commander-in-Chief, and even his own engmeer. MIr. Gisborne, -who is here on the part of the Eastern Electric Telegraph Company, is very well satisfied with the arrangements he has made with the Egypti3an Government for the formation of an electric telegraph for his company between Alex andria and Suez, and he spetl;ks higly of Sai7 Pasha's liberality. he will have the power. to ai as many wires as he may require to the posts erecte by the Egyptian Government; or, if he prefer ( he may place the wires underground at his own } pense, and all his emp?oyg and officials wi entirely under his own control. lr. Gisborne hopes eventually to extend th from Suez to India, and the submarine el telegraph between Constantinople and Alex is expected to be in working order in the co the ensuing summer. By the last accounts from Arabia the to J Jeddah was quiet, but the whole of the provi the Temen was in a very disturbed state. Tb portant tribe of Aseer is in open revolt, wi vwards of 30,000 men in arms against the aut of the Sultan, and they have taken complete sion of Loheia, and other to'ws on the coast. Prices of grain are ver low, and the discouri ing advices from Europe cause trade generally t very Slat. Freights, also, are Very low, 4. Id. per quarter, with numerous vessels in ports Qar but; litte produce for shipment. The canal connecting Alemandria with the Nile is closedto navigation, so that no goods can be brought down. Exchange on loncdon 100. plasters per pound sterling.1-
THE RIi-TG or THE B G3ELGIA S.-We u1derstand that the Ring of the Belgians is expected to arLive on a visit to the Qaeen for a few days, to be present at the eonirma. tion of Her Royal Higimess the Princess Royal, -who is His Maesty's goddaughter. I^rVERrOOI, ?ifarch 1.-The Royal mail ste-nship' Arabia sailed hence to-day for Boston, with 130 passengers, bsdes a large cargo land the usual ma;L. LI/mR RrECrOiSSm P 0y E ApuEnrjD VJsizrssrry. -On Saturday the students of lIarichal College and 7Uiii versity, Aberdeen, held their amnual meeting in terms of the chdrter of the University, to elect a Lrd l:ector for the current year. TEree candidates lhad beern nominated, az., -the Dake of YLeweastle, the Lord Advocate, and the pre. sent Lord Rector, MTr. Layard. The Duke of Xewcastl having declined the noniissation, and the Lord Advocate I nused to heputin opposition tolr. Iyard, the hon. anem her for Aylesbluy wvas amanionslv elected. DIurnnghi year of olice i!lr Layard has takrea a very vwarns inte in the affairs of the niversity, and, won tgeneral esteem an confidenuce.7 T-HE DiSCOEscER O} Gu A. PERsrs.-Th Pre sident of the India Board, Mr. Vernon Smith, has placed o his list of military nominations for Novemsber next the so of the discoverer of this inspissated sap of an indian tr -withoutthe help of which vre should not be able, as Ie no are, to Inow in five minutes' time what tran.pires in C Tartary, 3,000 miles off. The discoverer -was Dr. lhia 3ontgorneric, of the Indian medical service, and this o in the year 1845, although many of the cowutries produe the article have been in European occupatiou for abo 300 years. The mode in whici the discoresy Made i5 wortlh mentioning. Dr. Alontgomerieo serving certain Malay knife and rlis handles, inquired ti natureof the mnaterial from-whieh they ere lade, fronm the crude natiro nianufactoxe inferred at once extensive uses to which the gutta percha milght be-Rut in arts of Europe. He purchased a quantity of the iiv ma inal, sendimg from Singapore part of it to Bengal and p to Europe, and suggesting some of the uses to which he cied it might be applied. The quantity sent to FDal secured to him at once, as the discoverer, the gold meal the Soeiety of Arts, his sole reward, until the President theIndia Board, on DO other ground -whatever than his covery, liberaUy bestowved his patronage on his son. NuI. B=H}ssS SA OF PiCnmvrs A: iD DR -The folloming are the prices of the principal pictures by Messrs. Foster on Thursday last :-Daxuwings--ot "The Cricketer," by W. Hunt, sold to Messrs. Agnew Son, SU, Is. ; 41, " Girl at the Well," by Tm [p p A.ILA., to Mlr. Wallis, G.; -45, "On the Ni by J. X'. Turner, R.A., to Mr. W. Holues, 631.; " Calais Lighthouse," by J. W. Trnmer, R.-L, tf St. Leornard's, 571. 10s. Pictures-Lot 4S, "Haym by, W. Muller, to Mr. Coils, 1471 - 49, "W MVountain Road," by J. Linnell, to Mr. l 211: lOs.; 51, " Advent of Spring," by F. Danby, .AR. to Mr. W. Holmes, 2731. ; 52, " Gillingham," by . J. to Messrs. Colnaghi, 5461.; 53, "On the Stoui," by Coper, AR.A, to Messrs. Graves, 1.1l. o5, "Sir Mfore and his Daughter," by J. R. Herbert, iRT A., toM lloyd, 181. ; 56, " The Windmill," by J. Linecll, to Wallis, 5461. ; 57, "Approach to Venice," by J. Turner, LA., to Mr. Wailis, 8821.; C0, "Te-xel, Zu Zee," by C. Stafield, RA., to Messrs. Ag,new, 4981. The Barge," by J. Constable, R.A., to A-. holmes, 367J., 64, " Tne Bourgeois Gentiflio by W. P. Fxith, R-.., to Messrs. Agnew, 4'1. "YLae Como," by C. Stanfield, R.A., to Mr. Pembe Leigh, 2521.; 79, "The Rose of Seville," by C. Ba. Mr. tough, 1361. lOs.; 80, " Dark Eyes," by J. San MIr. Wiheen, 1071.; 87, " Cologue, " by C. Stanheld, to Messrs. Graves, 4201.; 89, " Lanascape," Naysiith, to Mr. Henry Ravenhll. 1021.; '190, " he of -Wakefeld," by P. W. Fith, RA.2, to >Messrs. A and Son, 102?. Thbc "BEtt" ws knocked dowvn for and the "Macise" for 1,0501.; theyvwere not sold. total amlount of the two days' sale was 10,740?. NEW JQixy-SiOCI: COMrMMIES.-A retu2rn1 printed, on the raotion of Mr. A. Hastie, MP., gives of the joint-stock coipan-ies formed before the pa the limited Liability Act of last year, or began bu completed. before the passing of the act, or of whic formation was begun after the passing of the act. T tire list occupies a space of '7 pages, and the naines o directors are pulblished at length, with other patioul. ROYA Ceinrcsn OF SimONar.-Th1e foll gentlemen having undergone the necessary exanin for the diploma were admitted meibers of the Col the meeting of tho Cou-t of Examniners on the 29th 2Messrs. -Warren Hastings Diamond, Surrey Cointy Asylum, Wandsworth; John Withriigton, Bla lancashire; David Winston, Brecon, South Wales; Robert Waylen, Wecstern Australia; Hubert C_rlton lock, Exeter; Eusisne ASlbeit MiglWey, l'ecklzain; Henton Wood, W^oodhouse, Leicestershiro; Johrs Stamford, James Deacon3, Carlow ; HIeny B-aley 1u l'ulse-hill, Brixton; Georgec Walker, Sydney, Ann and Frederick Walter Way, Portsuaonth.
OARD an&IRESIDENCEREQUIRED, byalady 3. who wishes to furnish her own bed room. One of the western = bn7fer References giTe zanrdeqired. Addrees, byletter o .a3,R e ace, Queer's-road, saater. OARD and RESIDENCE; large and handsomnely ,u furiLzhed bed rooms: suitable for a marnied couple or single entlemuan. Ternl&s3erAte. Address, 39 A, Wigmore-itreet, O-aven. hsuare, OAR]D and RESIDENCE {Su};?tor) witint door. of Russell-square, for a single geutlesoan; or a spacious 5d room, suitable fortwo friends. Porcarfisof address at Mr. Shaw's lookseller, 27, Southampton-row, Rusell-square. TI3OARI) and RESIDENAE, Strand, in an elegntly , furnished, social, and well-reguiated home. Term 25s.per ureeS A large handsome bed room and dressing room for a marred vouple. Orientalandcontinentalanguges poken-14, Arumdel-street. - LARD and RESID ENE, facin! St. James's- B park, aat14, James-street, eight dorafrom c asn aac -.-here are VACANCIES in this dsrbersdnefrlde n mt%lernen Termsmodemte. References required IZ OARD and RESIDENCE REQUIRED, by a nlad i a quiet faitly. where there are no elndren and where twoor three ladica only are taken, in the neighbourhood of the Re3ent's-park, or that partof St. John's-wood. Terms45perannum. -Address A.B., Davief's advertising office. hfaida-niL'. I3QARD and RESIDENECE.-The widow of a Dis- s3entingminister is desirous of receiviXg into her family a gentleruansor lady to BOARD. Airmuld, aspect southern; house luge and -sy, standing on the highnroad. betwreenHfastiolgs andLewres, five miles trom thesea, anddelightfnlly heltered from the bleakv winds. Address W. \ W . posct-office, H{ailsaliin Sns;ex. _R0ARD and REISIDENCE.-In a spacious house, situate in the best part of Clapham. ladies, gentlemn sna eaMUiesare offeredzelectsociety. alibersi table, and every domestic 'Comfort, on3 moderate terms. A capital garden, extensive pleasure xgrounds, coach-homee and stabling, attached to the establishment -Oumnbuses pass the door. Address AB., 3Ies, Lett'a, Royal - -Chang-e. Cornhill. )OARD and RESIDENCE REQUIRED, by a .33 gentleman in years and a middle-aged widow lady, in a private Iramily, without children, in a healthy situation, and 'Iry near arailWaystationon the Kentishline,from 10to 30 miles from London. A pri-late sitting room and two good bed rooms required, and a water-closet In the house. Everything to be supplied except wine and spirits. Pnyaxents monthly. Terms and full particulars addressed to H B., Mr .Etidolph's, auctioneer and house agent, Tunbridge. ACornfortable HOMlIE and advantages in music and A l.anguages OFFERED to a young lady in exchange for her assistauce in the education of young children None need aDply who are ot members of the Church of England.-X. Y., 26, Victoria-road, .& LADY, residing in Gower-street, would be happy to RECEIVE two or three GENTLEMEN, engaged in the city -during the d3y, either as partial or entire boarders. Most satisfactory keferenices offered. Address F. B. B., Mr. Maittlad's, cbymist, Torlington-place, Torrington-square. s UPERIOR HOME for GENTLEWOIEN of LIM IITED INCOUE may be bad in the house ot a lady, where Ihe number in limited to four. A little nice society, with home com:forti and use of piano. Situation South Belgravia. Terms 40 guineas meraunum.-M. R. Simss dairY, Cambridge-street, Pimulico. -VARTIAL BOARD and a comfortable BED ROOM JL WANTED. forafew weeks, bya gentleman engaged in town -dnring the day, in a family about 15 or20 miles from london, near a -.tailway station, Address, stating terms, toG. H., postofflice, StrckwellWeen. TIARTIAL BOARD.-A gentleman, occupying a L arger house than he requires, in te immediate neighbourhood of 33runswick-square, would be glad to receive one or two PARTIAL MOARDERIS. The situation ishighlyrespectable and the comfortsof home are ensured. Terms moderate. Address E, M1r. Eeymer's, 33, Bread-street ; or iLr. Hal's. 57, Siarchniont-street. A SmaU FAMILY, livimn in a fashionable part of London, and moving in the first circles, is desirous of having a TADY, of ample means and good connexions. to RESIDE with them, to whom willt be etended the amenities of their social position, and -the comforts of an elegant home. AddressAlma, 12, Stanhope-terrace, Hyde-park-gardens. WATE R- CU RE.-HYDROPATHIC ESTA- BELISS IENT, ColethaU House, Fortis-green, Finchley, 31id-serex. six miles from London. LdA letters addressed to the proprietor, iBW NV. JACKSON, Esq. Resident physician, Dr. H. F. Johnson, who -also pr3ctises homoiopathy. YD)DROPATHY.-LEICESTER ESTABLISH- _ 2UIENT, aided, when necessary, by recent discoveries in medicine -Treatment milL Terms 6s. per day. Visitors received at a weekly iate. Dr. W. F. LAURIE, Physiidan. B, GuTTERIDGE, Faq. .Zea-dent Medical Director. YMOOR-PARIS, near Farnham, _I I anSmrey. three miles from the Camp at Aldersantt, and formerly *-She residence of S;r Williann Temple and Dean Sw ift. Phyiccinn E. W>. LANE, AM., MD. dFAin Dr. Lane may be consiuted iondon, at 61, Conduit-s-treet, Regent-street, every Tuesday, between -la31f-poselI .and 2. L'PILEPSY.-A remarkably successful mode of treatment, .-eU authenticated, until ldely quite unknown in this countrcY-4 fewlATIRE Sso afflicted, ceitherladies or childrenfrom *the upper cl, are RECEIVED into aprivate famly, residin; near londo. Forprticularsapply to Sleisrs. Hatchard. 187, Piccadily. A PARTiIENTS, Fmrnished, (9, New Bond-street opposite the Clarendon.) consisting of a pretty sitting and bed _room. fora gentieman, Term includingattendance, 253. perveel}. A PART3IENTS, 17, Hanover-square.-To be LET L reasonably, a large handsome DINING ROOM and BED' bOOlL The dining room wil be, required from 11 o'clock till 2 p.m. isy the proprietor. PART.MENTS Furnished.-St. John's-wood.-A A DRAWING R003I FLOO to be LET. No other lodger, --and no children. Terms for a single lady or gentleman, l6s. a week. bo extras. For cards of address apply at 12, Queen's-terrace, near the Bsre Arms. &PART3ENTS, for a lady-a lrge newly Fur- nished Drawing Room and Bed Xoom with water-closet on the dboor; one guinea a week. Or a large double-bedded room, for two liadies. --I Ns. No young children orother lodgers. The house (private) Dvowned by the advertiser, situate 3, Camden-park-road, Camden-road Villas. near the Tollgate, APARTMIENTS, Furnished.-The principal PART A of a n eleganty lUtRZYISHED HOUSE, in a square in the lmmediattevncinity of Hyde-park. to be LET, for the sao ratr A. uoblerman. hLP., or s-1ll familv of distinwtiln filnd these apartsaents woithy theirnotice. A cook and housemaid, withaccommoda-ono for other servants. For cards apply to Ir. Holmesbookseller, -.&c, 125. Oxford-street. FURNISHEED APARTMlENTS near the Marble Arch. Apply at 22. bfont3gu-street, iortman-square. VURNISHED APARTMENTS to be LET, for a 12 sin-le geutteman-a firstdloor, sittingroom.andbedroom,well -Tlruishea. with good attendance. Terms moderate. Apply at U, 33ranswlck-place, Barusbury-road, Islingtn. lJWURNISHED APARTMiXENTS to be LET, in the -A: neishbourhood of Cavendish-squsre, comprising the frst and second iloor, with orwithout partial board, and suitable for agentleman ,ar respectable family. The term moderate. Apply to ir. Gibbons, -20, Old Cavendish-street. VUJR-NISHED APARTMiENTS, 57, Pall-mnay, op. _2 positeMarTborough-gatex.-To Members of Parliament and Farilies visiting Town,-A handsomely FURNISHED SUITE of APARTZdENTS. Also at 9, Cecil-street. Strand, belonging to the same proprietors, a large and lofty DTawing Room and Bo Rooms, elegantly furnished: good cooking and attendance. Termns very moderate. F URNISHIED APARTMENTS.-WANTED, for a permanency, in a private residence at the west end of town, for a lhiohly res'pectable lady and gentleman, of very quiiet habits, a DRAW- hN G 11Oo4M FLOOR, to consiht of a sitting room and one or two good -bed rooms, with cooking and attendance. The neighbourhood of Trin:ty Church, New-road, ,preferred. The terms must be very modejrate. Direct to A. Z., Ir. lIcarne's, bookseUer. 81, Strand. -PURNISHIED A-PARTMENTS.-Cunberland- | street, near to Hyde-park-To be LET, in this eligible situation, a SITTING ROOM, Bed Room, and Dressing Room, and accomraoda-Zion fcr a servant, in the house of a lady andA gentleman, *vithout ifam-ly who are desirous of letting a portion of it to a quiet tenant by -the year. For further particulars apply to Mr. Poulden, 24, Cm6arsand-street, Bryanston-square. F UR-N-ISHED APARTMLIENTS, in one of the most a central parts of London. overlooking Regent-street(Cavendish-square erd). Tvo brothers or friends would find it an excellent oppor-tminty. as a second bed room can be had, or bed room with use of sitting roomu if required. The house is newly and well furnished, and .-cleanLiness strictly attended to. If talen for any time the terms would -be very low, as it is not a lodging house. Apply to Messrs. Fool and acgillivray, 25. Princes-street, Cavendish-square. XTTFURNISH ED APARTMENTS, near the VJ Camden Shtion. in a most open situation-Three Rooms on the eirt floor, with the use or ktchen. on moderate terms. Addres.A. C., lin&say's post-office, Hawley-place. Kentish-town. -JfTFURNISHED APARTMENTS.-WANTED, by a gentleman engaged in the city during the day, a SECOND -FLOOP, Imfurnished, with attendance. The neighbourhood of Camden-toYw n preferreL. As the gentlemalnonly breakfasts at home, little -trouble is given, Terms reasonable. Addres A. B., Mlr. Ailisn'so leaker. 25. Stanhope-strect. Park-place, Camden-town. tTJNiFURNISHIED APARTMlENTS, suitable for anl-4ad gentleman, in the residence (their Owgn) of a private -mldy, consisting of drawing room floor, back second floor, and ser-q-nt's room on the third floor, with back kitchen and coal ceUiar. The ~roms are large, lofty, and handsomely litted ulp, and gas laid on;situate in the best part of Wilmington-sqtuare, Pentonville. These are nso child.-em, and. would be no other inmates. No p^rty but of know n res,pectabilityrwildbe treatedvwith, Address by letter to A. B., at2, Grest Percy-street, Pentonville. app,ointing an interviewv.' B ROMhPTON.-APARTMAENTS, elegantly Fur- nished, to hc LE, in the house of a lady, in the best part of jiremPton. Address G. L., or apply at 40. Brompton-crescent. TflOEMBEES of PARLIAMIENT and others.- J I,arge and elegant FUJRbISHED APATMERNTS, 5, Vigoetreet. R.egent-street. 1110 be LET, in the city, TWO large airy unfur- nisised APAiITME1NTS, on the second dloor of a respectable ibrivate house.-6, Black Raven-court, Seething-lane, Trinity-square. TO be LET, Furnishaed, TWO BED ROOMlS for gentlemen. Terms 6s. and 4s. per iveek.-12, Harpur-sCreet, queen's-sqpuare. NTEA:2 TEMPLE-BAR.-BED RvOOM, Breakfast, .L lIse of allitting Room, with pianoforte in the evening, for half-ausmnes Derwoeek. Applyati1, Thanet-place, four doors west of TempleSar. Strand. .l EOllGE-STREET, H3anovcr-square.-To be LET, the principal PART of an elegantly FURNISBtED HKOUSE. or kEpartments. wiath the attendance of twvo servants. Address Della jpost-offlcn. Brook-street, Hanover-square. 4'OUNiTRY APARTMIENTS to be LET, in a large, qJclean, welt-fulrnished house of awvidowv lady, without family;- most -dlelightfilIy situate on the Mfail,. Chiswfiek, commnanding a fine view; wcery cheerrul, healthy, near the church, postoellice, and Chiawick-gtar. -dens. Terms low.-hl. hL. Vine Ho-use. Chiawtick-mail, C;!T.JOElN's-WOOD.--FURNISHED SITTING b~Jand BED ROOII (firt floor). ina D emi-detached house, surrounded -with gardens, ins a ery fashionable ro3as Thereisan large garden. No -:hildren or other ledgers. Omnibuses close by. Terms, with attentdance. 14s. a week. wiihontextras.-r5, Acacia-road. I) RIGIITOX.-APARTMENTS, well Furnished, .Lnorsconming vacant-three sitting rooms,withbed. proportionably, -sr Varlour. drawing room. and upper drawing apartments separately, -25 leet frontage. very airy, via - vie to the Pavilion. and large gardens -itt the hack. Ad(dress hIs E. S. Old Steine, Brighton. T}TEAR the FOUNIDLING.-Two gentlenien -who do _ not wish to dineat home. can be accommodated with a PFpU 1IISHEE D PARLOUR. and TWO BED ROOl S, in ahighly respectablo .hoouse. ro children, and noother lodgers. Terms moderate. Address A. B.., 31, HiEnter-street, Brunswick-square. OONVER.-To be LET, at East Cliff, fronting the sea, DDI)r.IAW7G r.OOM or DINING APARTME12NTS, well Fnrunshed. with two or three good bed rooms, cooking and atten(dance, at -two gninas per week drawin- room, one guinea and a balh dining .Toom. The roonis are large and the wvhole of the house had at a moderate rental. Address H. lf. post-office, East Cliff. rlO MEMVIBERS of PARLIAMENT, Professios-als and others-To be LET. furnished or unfurnished, the UPPER 'PART of a first-class HOUSE, situate in one of the most genteel tho- roughfares at the wvest end, near the Marble A\rch; consisting of two -elegant anul lofty rooms communicating, two large bed rooms and dressn1g roomn servants' rooms, large kitchen. spacious entrance ball. For rarticulars apply to 3ir. A. Bovd, agent, 20, Edwards-strect, Portman.&Iuare. 4-IOVNTRY APARTMENTS, furnished or inftir- Jni3hed, naby be bad on very moderate terms, welladapted for an invalid; in a healthy locality, si:x miles from London, situate between -ithe South and Greit Western Railways, and also reached by omnibus. "The honir is surrounded by groum ds of its ovn, gardens, and orchards. Vse of k'tchen may be added, or attendanco given, as may be re-'uire(L For cardL of address apply to Mr. Hawes, stationer, 118, Great Xortlaundistreet. Cavendish-square. FFICES to be LET, 13, Gresham-street, Guildh7,U. Apply to I r. D. Hughes. ITY of LONDON.-Capital GROUND FLOOR J OFFICES to be LET. Inquire at the Elgin-chambers, Iron2xonger-lane. U7XCELLENT OFFICES.-To be LET, the FIRST .Ju PLOOR at 5, Duke-stret, opposite the Brighton and Dover Rall-way tennini N .I S Steam boatsto wetend and omnibuses to all parts -ot London within half saminute. N O.38, CANNON-STREET, corner of KingWfWlam.A,stre-t, city.-Three or six fast-classOFTICES, inone suite, with strong room. water-closets, Atc.. to In LET, at moderate rents. Apply *jp ihejrortgr, loaiis ddrec F.hlU esPom6,1 meapsad WOR1ESHOP or STABLE WANTED, at the lyweten sutabe for warehiousingfurnitnre,&e. Asply to Mr. W. A. OakYey, auctieneer and estate agent. 8, Reent-st., Waterloo-pl T ANWDED ESTATE WANTED, to PUROHAkSE. consisting of a residence, and from 303 to 500 acres of land. Fell particulars, with rental. purchase money, & . to Er. W. A. Oakley, auctioneer and land agent, 8, Regenit-street. Waterloo-place. FA 0WANT3eD, at Lady-day or Michaehma w nel00 crc ormre  god lnd, ithhouse and buildings in subetatntialrepalr. Address, with fol particulars to B. C, post-office Crowborough, Toubridge-weil HOUSE W`NTED.-WAYTED, to RE:NT or H PURCHSE: a HIOUSE. containing about 10 rooms, with back or side entrance and large garden, 20 minutes' walk from the Poyal Exchange. Appiy to essrs. Lawson and Co.,2,Buckierabury,city rro LANDLORDS.-WANTED, within eigh miles J. ofthe city, on the Suirey side, a COTTAGEwithiarge garden and stablng. Hfwithapaddockpreferred Address,withfoilparticul;rs rent. &c, to S. C., care of Mr. Morris, stationer and ness agent, Cam berwell-green. 7PURNISHEZT -HOUSE WANTED, immediately, fon leeping rooms, two sitting rooms, and kcitchens, with other mosticconveniences; situation not, material. Address, pre-paid, with full Particulars, to W. N., Poultonk library, Eingslnudroad. I USINESS PREMISES, in a leadingl thoroughfare, " WANTED, with good shop and dwelming-house with pivate entrance, beforUr at Lady-day next. Apily by letter onlr. stating full m bur t .B., Sy.le and Wilsona's, 22, Great Russell-street [OUSE WANTED, to RENT or PURCHASE, in HaLHmllton-terrace, St. John's-wood, orthe imrnmediate neighbourhood. Rent not to exceed 100 per annum, Address, vith full particulars to G. B., care of Mr. Clements, stationer, Wood-street, Cheapside. flOUSE WAITED, to RENT, at Lady-day, in coaIsnington, laclmey, or thereabouts, within easy distance of the CitY, contaiBnmzaboutlOrooms.wvith.xoo(tgarden. AddressfuUlparticulrsr to) W. IL 3I., lortees Lodge, Lombard-street-chambers, Clement's lane.-, iJOUSE A* NTED, by two artists, to contain four HkU ,verylarge lightrooms, facing north andisouth, three bedrooms, kitchen, servant's room, &a., unfurnished, in an open situation at the west end, Rent not to exceed 100. To be had in good repair and ready to be enteredon snmediately. Address, stating terms, to Sf P., Langham-chambers Lang,ham-place. f'IOUNTRY HOUSE WANTED, furnished or un- furnisbed, for a permanency and to contain ample accommodation for a respectable family, the North-We3tern line preferred, south of Rugby. Full particulars, dimensions of sitting rooms, number of bedrooms, lowest annual rent, &e,, to Mr. W. A. Oakley, auctioneer and estate agent, 8, Regent-street, Waterloo-place. CVOUNTRY HOUSE and LAND, within two miles kJ of a good market town.-WANTED, to PURCHASE, a modern RESIDENCE, of 9 or lOrooms, in addition to ofEces and under-ground cellars, with stabliny, coach-house, pleasure and kiteben gardens, and about 15 acres of land, on a dry soiL Address full particulars to Messrm. Toplis, Son, and Harding. 16, St. Paul's churchyard. )ELGPRAVIA, Mayfafir, or St. James7s.-WANT- .1.i3R , to PU CHASE, zmmeAiatcly, a IHOUSE, in either of these localities, furs sum not exceeding 2,500, containing not lees than five bed rooms and three reception rooms, and upon which a leaso of not less Inan 60 pears can be granted. A ground rent not objected to. Particulars and terms to be ferwrarded to Messrs. Rogers and Dear. house and estate agents, 23 and 2{, St. George's-place, Hlyde-park- T4ARM. with a gentleman's Residence.-WANTED, to RENT, on an improving LASE, an ARABLE FARMbf, of 5GO or 600 acres, situate on a London railway, near to a principal station, and provided with buildings and accommodation necessary for high faDming and making the mest of the land The occupancy would be very beneficial to the property, and an example to an adtoining tenancy, as thu advertiser has had large experience, and would avail himnself of every improvement. Address MIr. Hlewitt Davies, 3, Frederick's-place, Old Jewry,g city. lIi[R.D-A ABMISAY respectfully invites the ownuers 1 o oproperties tobesolderlet to insert the eamo in his REGISTEtS kept expresslyfor this purpose, and begs to draw attention Ito the central position of his offices 79. cing William-street, city. 1 R. G. H. MARTIN, auctioneer and valuer, re- .LtJ speetfully reminds his friends and the public that he conducts the SArE of HOUSE and REVERSIONARY PROPERTY, houses of furniture, trade stocks, &c, in town or country, makes valuationsfor everypisrpose, also negotiates the letting or busine&sesin every trade.- Auction offices, 84 and 85, Coweross-street. Smithfield. T9HE LONDON SEASON.-M'lr. W. A. OAKLEY -Lbegs to announce that he has numerous apphlants from the gentry and country families for TOWN RESIDECES and APARTblENTTS for the approachingseason. Parties3desirous of letting can have their bosses entered free of charge, and everY facility afforded them. br applying at r.W. Oakley's auctionand estate offffces, 8,Regent-street, W aterloo-place, (opposite Mesrs Howrell and James's). rnOWNS HOUJSES.-MIessrs. GREEN, 28, Old -Bond- street, beg to inform the nobilityand gentry, thathaving specially dev.oted a portion of their old-established estate agencyoffices to the p,osesof allbusineessounectedwwith the sale and lettmg of TOWN ,they are now enabled to give particular attention to this depertment of their business; and they respectfully invite pro. pfetos desirous of letting or selling, er parties seekin<-to rent or purchase, tofaveurthemwith instructions as earlyas poible-28, Old Bnd-street, February. 1856. T be LET, agood eight-roomed HOUSE, in a most healthy part. Rent 40 if taken for three years less. Apply on the premises, 18, Trnano-grove, near the Breclnock Tavern, Cam- rTPO be LET, in the Grove, St. John's-hill, Battersea- I. nse, two minutes' walk from the Clapham-common Railway Station, somesix-roomed'COTTAGES, with gardens-a most healthy situation. Apply to Mfr. Fricker, No. 7', as above. 'TO be LET, Furnished, for the season, a first-class .LFAEMIiI Y HOUJSE, havingthe extra story, in the best part of Westheurne-terrace. The house is ampply and genteelly furnished. Mlakes up 12 beds. Forparticriars, and cards to view, apply to hlr. A. Boyd, agent, 20, EdwDard-stre et, Portnian -square. mo be LET, ha the Newv-road, first-rate PREMISES, ..-corner shop, about 60 feet deep. l0-roomed house and staMle, in good repair. Fixtures, including gasfittings, 20. Rent10. Term, street, Booms ybur. Apl so .Tylor, house agent, 90, Great Russell- FTO be LET near Kennington-cross, in a populous neighbourhooLa HOUSE, with good airy shop, suitable for the general line or any other business. Rent only 24 per annum. Also some newly-built Houses, all let to respectable tenants. Apply to J H., 27, Priecs-seuare, Kennington-Parkc. 0T~O be LET, and ready for immediate occupation, a genteel eight-roomed H OUSE, 1, Chaioot-terace, Queen's-road, R,egent's-park. Rent 42 Per smmum. To view appzly on the premises;and to hlrs. Parkyn, Niorton Cottage, Fe*rdinand-3treet, Hnspsteadread, forfurther particulars. Also asix-roomedHionse to behLet, in good repair,t [in ueen's-crescent. Prince of Wales-road, Hlampateadroad. at 28 per annu, Applyto Mrs. Parbn, as above. bTIO be LET or SOLD CHANDOS LODGE, a valu- .. able and elegant freeholimansion. suitable for a large family, facing Wimbledon-common, one mile from the Putney Station, and eight from London. Contains 10Obed and several dressing rooms, large drawving, dining, and breakfast rooms, lhbrary, servants' office, he.; double coach-house and five-atallstable. With immediate possession. Rent 300 guineas per annum. ANpply en the premises; or to hrr. W. Vaug3han, 57&, Old Broad-street, city. TO MTANUFAC,TU7RERS and others. -Capital LPREMISES, near Blacdfriars-resd, to be LET or SOLD, consisting of a spacious yard, workshop, cottage, and a good dwelling-house. Tihe whole endosedviithin folding gates. Rent of the whole on lease 70a year; or the ground lease, for nearly 40 yeas, at a low groumd rent. can be purchased. H desired the yard audwvoskhop can be rented separately, at a lowf rent. Apply to 3Ir. Salmcn, 25, Busklershury, mo FREEHOLDERS, Trustees, and Solicitors.-A. JL surveyor REQTJIRES a large amount of HOUSE PROPERTY., on repairing leases, wvithin the four miles radius. Anydeseription of estate will be attended to. and probably entertained. Ladies and othersvwhodesisetohave an actual rental free of all deductions, and without trouble, risk, or outlay will find this an uusual opportunity. Apply, with particulars, to gurveyor, caro of J. Scott, lsq., solicitor, 14 and 15, St. withiti's-lane, city. ro INSURANCE COMPANIES, Discount .L Brokers m3erchants, and others-To be LET, a capital HOUSE, n one of the best situations in the heart of the city of London, adjoining Merchant Tailors' Hall, near the premises, now erecting for the City Bnk,onsisiing of twvo excellent of fices onthegroundandbasement stories, a suite of four lofty rooms onthe first foor, with water-closets and three offices on each 'of the upper stories, all in complete ordler. to M1r. St. Quluin, nPRoyaAl Exhchaongse. 7ineU Bodsre n T TANNERS, Buildinir Societies, and others.-To L be LET or SOLD, valuable hiEiiOLD PREMISES, altcatein the Grange, Bermond-sy, comprising am extensive covered tanyard, with pits, drying sheds, leather warehouses, engine-house, bark barn, and other buildings, tegether with steam engine, iron tank, mills pumpas, fi-ctures, and implementscomplete: an excellent reservoir, suppliedibyatidal stream from the Thames. Land-taxfree. The preunses ace admirably adapted for busine3sspurposes of any description, the large space occupied thereby also presenting a first-rate opportunity for buildingapeculationa. ApPlY to Mr. George Elkington, architect and surveyor, 20, Cannon-street, city. rO IRONFOUNDERS.-To be LET, for such a X term of years as may be agreed upon, the HARESHAW FOUDRY, situate at Hexham, Nor umberland, containing extensive and convenlentbmldings, and a spacousyard, together coverin nearlytwo acres. Placed in the centre of a large agricultural and mrma- district exposed to very slender competition, and in close contiguity to the Border Counties Railway now in course of formation, which will open out the finest field of iron in the United Kingdom, this foundry presents such opportunities forconducting an extensive and profitable business as are seldom to be met with. It is within 300 yards of the Newcastlo and Carlisle Railway, from which a branch into it can easily be made, and commmnmication thus established with all parts of the king- dom. It is also convenient for shipping, being about midway bet wvu the coasts at this tho narrowestpart of the island. There aro upon the premises ani excellent steam engine with boilers, cupola, large crane blast ond other machinery and mraterial, which ay be rented or taken at a valuation. The pro rietor is willing to atcePt a moderate rentFand to give considerable facli~ties if required. Applications must be made to the Hareshaw FoPHUryU Hexham, eNorthumberland To be SOL.D by A>UCTION, pursuiant to an Order of the Court of ChancerY, made in a cause of "Thorne r Hasmilton,"iu three lots, bY MAr. MASINE, at the New Inn, in Naorth Allerton, in the county of York, on Thursday, the 27th day of MIarch, 1856, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, all that HLF PARbTof the FR;EEHOL,D PUBLIC-HOUSE, called the Newv Inn, w,ith the Brew-house Stables, Coach-house, Yard, and Premises, situate in North A!lerton, and also a Cottage adjoining thereto, and also Two Cottages adjoining the same; held by lease for 2,000 years, gMuted by leases in the year 1814, at the yearly reserved rent of 6s. for each cottage. And all that One-sLxth Part or Share of a Freehold Dwelling-house and Premises, on the vest side of the Town-street of North Allerton. Also a Dwelling-house, Shop, Cottage, Yard, Workshops, and Premises behind the samQ; heldfortheremainder of a termu of 999 years, granted in the year 1741. under theyearyreserved rent of 2d. And also all that Half Part of Three v.luable Freehold Closes of Grass Land, adjoining each. other, situate at North Moors, in North Allerton Township (opposite the first mile-stone on the Darlington turnpik road), containing by admeasurement lOa. 21p., or thereabouts. The res-ctive tenants w-ill bad at the ofrlice of 3less. Leeman and Clark, solicitors, York; at the office of MIr. Thomas Clarke Atkinson, soUcitor. North Alerton, in the county of York; at the office of Messrs. Johnson, Weatherall,andSons, solicitors, Iner Temple, London;- at the ofice oa Messrs. eawkmps, Bloxam, and Hawkins, solicitors, mNew as te da-court. incoi's-itn, London; at the auctioneer's, North Allerton aforesaid; and at the place of sali.-Datid this 2ath day of February, 1856, JOHsNSON, WEATHERLit , and SONS, inner Temple, London. ASgents for MWessrs. Leeman and Clark. of York, Plaintiffs Solicitors. FRM be SOLD by AUCTIOND , pus-h ant to an Order of .V the High Court of Chancery, made in the caiuse of " lVithey v. Crelw andothers,'andwith the approbation of the Judge to whose Couttdhe raid cautse is attache ant wi e cf ent oE the Mortgagees, by M2r. WIL1LIM MAY, the person a pointed to soil the same, at the house of MIr. WVilliam Denton. eUeethe ButChers' Armls Inn, NoLsen, Somerfelshire, on Wednesday. the 12th day of March, 10n6, atr4t 'clockain the afternoonuirtctely. in six lois.rthe valuable IREreHOLD FARhl and tANSe, late the property of hr. George Withey, deceased, situate in the parish of Natisen aforesaid, and comprising farm-house, farm-buildings, dw eilding-houses, and severa pieces of excellent amble, meadow, and pastureland. The wholg c1ntaim1 g. according to the tithe ap ndortionment terrier for the said paris of Nvilseag 2o. 2r. ISp. Lot in A compact Freehold Farm, comprising faron house, farm buildings, yard, and excelent pasture and amable land, inpart planted with choice fruit trees, containing nia.2r.32. These premises ssLjoin a goodapublc road, arewell suppLied withn ater and oere for many years prior to the decease of thesaid George i ithey. in his ownvoccupation. N.B. Theaealand othermmaerals nderthis otwfo ant be sold but are wo reserved. Lot 2. T ho Dwelling Houses capable of being converted into three, with outbuildings, gardens, and a valuable piece of orcharding. stocked with choice fruit trees, situate in te villageof Nailseaafercaaid,andknown asWVindside, coutanin5s la lr.21p. Lot 3. A Piece of Arable Land, caUled lhitecross, situate i the salid villageof Naisen, containing 2a. Or. 37p, lying nearyto, hut detached from, 1ot2. Lot 4J AWPiecedof Arab I Land, sitate inthe aidllage of NoaiLseo, called the Paddock or Church Paddock, contadnini Is. Oir. 2p. Lotr . A small Piece f GardL u Land, lying inmsedi te:y op)posite to lot 4, well adapted for a building site, -and facing the villagoe stret of Nalses. Note,-The valuable deoosit3 of coal under Iota 2, 3, 4, and 5 will be isleluded in the sals. Lot 6. A Piceo of Pasture Laud, situate in Nag3eca Mloor, in tho said parsih of Nailsesa, containing lOa. Or. 5p. The property mnay be viewed on applcation to Mlr. Joseph Wedniore; or MEr. John Withey, of Nalleea, and printed particulars, plan, and conditions of sale, may be had !gratis) in london of Messrs. Lewis, Wood. and Street, 6, Esyinond-btmuisig, Gray'-inn ; or M1r. T. Hcwson, 43. Lincolsi's-imn-flelds; and in the country of the above named Joseph Wedmore and John Withey; of Mr. L. W. Winterbotham, solicitor, Stroud; M1r. J. James, solicltor, Wmington, near Bristol ; or the auctioncor, Yptton, oeatir;au at the Butghers' Arm.3 Ippt XML-Ao, mO PUBLIC COM?iPIES.-To be LEI1, thle | THRONE ROOM, at Crosby &2- Bishooate-street; well adapted for a Board Room. ALIso, Two liht And convenient Oflicea axUoining, Apply to D. Blenkarne, EAq., sotidctor, Crosby HalL I mI WHOLESALE GROCERS and PROVISION M RCaANTS.-To be DISPOSED o?, an old-establLshed B "TSINESS. n Hastugs, in full trade. For partijo t3rs inquire of !4,-s Shorter and Phillips, solicitors, Hastings. ro J-^IAC EN, Hosie's, and Milline-s.-To be P -lPqEID OF. inthe best p art o t Chelsea, a good ready-asOrley BI ESS, in he ards and SmIith, 19. GreatCarter-lan.u cosonos r"lo FISHMOII ERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, im JI mediately, a it-css EUSIESS in the above line, at t we west end of London. Letters toiillOn and Brovwn, iungerfordyash-.arcet, TO HOSIERS, &c.-Ta be DISPOSED OF, a sma11 ready-money BUSIN`SS, in a leading tboroughfare in the west of London. Apply to Mlesrs. Edwards and Smitb, 19, Great Carter. lane, Doctors'-commons. T O CABINETMAKERS and UPHOLSTERERS. _L-An old-established BUSIN:ESS to be DISPOSED OF, in a fashionable wateringplace on the southcoast of Devonshire. Extreme il-health listhe cause of the present proprietor lea,ing. Apply to Mr. J. Box, 13, Eldon-street. Finsbury. rpO be SOLD, a bargain,THREEweU-builtHOUSES, near ines-cross ;pay 25 per cent.; lease 31 years. The present tenaptthavingoccupiedthesame premises 22 years. and wishes to remain there. Address A. Z., Asamse advertising oirce, 9, Parliamentstreet. Fql ~O CORNDEALERS, &c.-An old-established BUSINESS to be DISPOSED OF, on advantageous terms, a short distance from London. Easy of access byraiL Returns over 3 M00 of which proof wil be given. Capable of g extension. Apply to !Bnder, Williamson, and Co. 30. Great St. lel FPO DRAPERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, imme- J diately, a good ready-money CONCERN, in the immediate vicinity of London,where a large trade might be done. Stock optionaL Yi:xtures very moderate. Rent exceedingly low. The shon and house in good repair. Apply to X 0.,126. Wood-street, Cheapsiae. ro HOTELandLUNCHEONJ-HO USEKEEPERS- -The LEASE to be SOLD of a good CORNER HOUSE. in Serlestreet, Lincoln's-inn-fields, with the usual wine, beer, and spirit licence. At present shut up. For particulars apply to Mr. J. Bennett, 15, Belgrave-street south, Pimuhco. rllO be SOLD, in Islin ton, a substantial eight-roomed HOUSE, in thorough repair with immediate possiouif required, or can remain tenanted at ;d3ta year. Lease -3year3; ground rent 6. Price 0. For particulars and to view apply at the house, from 11 to 4,11, Denmark-3treet. Barnsbury-road. TO ENGINEERS, Ale BrewFers, and others requiring . roomy Premises near the Thames Tunnel, Rotherhithe.-To be ET, at a moderate rent, a large BUILDER's YARD, vdl paved, with workshops, foreman's dwelling-house, with other convemiences, water. For particulars apply to rTlO CEYIISTS and SURGEONS.-To be DIS- JL POSED OF, on moet moderate terms, the smal BUSINESS of a CHYMISTand DRUGGIST, including stock and fixtures, situate in the main road of a most respectable and populous neighbourhood: established several years. A good opening for a surgeon. Rent ;2 per annum. Addres A. B., , Lower Queen's-row, PentonviUe-hIL ri lO CEYMISTS and SURGEONS.-For DIS- .L POSAI,, upon low terms, a neatly fitted DRUGGIST's SIIOP, situate in a crowvded nelghburhood,vhere a good counter, prescribing and mnidwif erY practice has been done. Rent of house 26. and no taxes. Satisfactory reasons given. Address to L,. -o., Charing-cross post-ofllco. rlO0 PASTRYCOOKS, Confectioners, &c.-To be DISPOSED) OF, on moderate terms, an old-established BUSI. NESS in the above line, situate in the main thoroulhfare of a large sea-port town, and near the market, post-office, tovnm-ali, and banks. AddressA. B., Messrs. Passam, Smith, and Co.s, 1, Coventry-street, L-icester-square. TO BUILDERS, Building Societies, and others.- To be LET or SOLD, a valuable FREEHOLD ESTATE, siteate n the Neckinger, Bermondsey; comprising a large family residence, out-buildinmgs, and ground in the rear: atso a plot of ground, possessing considerable frontago on the main road, particularly avaUable for building purposes. Apply to Mlr. George Ellington, architect and surveyor, 29. t.atnon-street, city. f10 SCHOOLMASTERS.-An eli ible OP ortunity. E -To be DISFOSED OF immedlate1g. a GEMIB7EMEbSi BOARDING and DAY SCHOOt, comprisingl7 boarders and a few day pupsiLs No goodwill required, only the furniture and books to be taken at a fair valuation, namely, SO. The sole reason of the principal givingup is, in consequence of badhealth. Apply to Vesta, post-office, Weston-super-Mfare, Somersetshire. r E~o BUILDERS, Butchers, Grocers, &c.-To be L BET, or SOLD, a double-frorted SHOP, situate in the centro of the village of Cranley, near Guilfiford, also containing two parloitas, kitchen, pantry, five bed roomls, large shop and storehouses, stable, largev,alled garden. Price 500; or if let 35 per annun. For further particulars apply to Crewvdson and Sons, York-towin, BLackvanter. May h~e viewved hy applying at the post-offlce, Orsaley. IE lRONMONGERS.-To be DISPOSED OF, the S LEASE. Fixtures, and Stock of a FUPUNISHLNG and GENERAL IRONINMONGERY BUSINESS, in the suburbs of London. aud in the parish of St. Georgo, Hanover-square. The stock having been kept lov, 500 or 700 only wiU be required. The reasonfor disposing of the business is because the present proprietor holds a Government appointment. Apply to Mr. Samuel Martin, wholesale ironmonger, 14, Cough-square, Fleet-street, PICCADILLY.-To be LET a HOUSE, with et- ceUent warehouse, shop with two frontages, good dwelling house over and private entrance. Apply to Mlr. Owen, MIr. Devey's office. 16, Great Mlarlborough-street, Regent-street. H OLLOWAY.-To be LET, well Furnished, the whole or any part of the HOUSE of a professional gentleman. iNo other lodgers. Apply to A. Z., Mr. Dunham's, shoemaker, St. MIartil's-court, Ludgate-hill. CIADOGAN-PLACE.-To be LET, Furnishe' for six months, or a longer period if required, a very desirable PESIDENC E, containing 10 good rooms, and the necessary domestic offlces Apply to Mlr. D. A. Iamny, auctioneer and valuer, 79, ling Wlliamstreet, city. rILIFTON, Glocestershire.-To be LET, well Fur- nished. atavery moderaterent to a careful tenant, a superior FAMILY HOUSE, n the best situation, containing every comfort, and commanding an extensive view of the country. Apply to Mr. Geary, house agent, 26, Mall, Clifton. EAR BOURNEMOTUTH.-To be LET, ENS. BBURY COTTAGE, a genteel residence, three miles from Bournemouth, with every convenience, stable, coach-house, garden, and field: the whole about twroares. Apply to Mr. Geo. Cranston, Ringwood, Hants. X BRIDGE-ROAD Shepherd's-bnsh.-To be LET i on EASE, for a teru oi 95 years, several PLOTS of BUILDING LAND, eligibly situate on the maAroad toEalin. Aportion of the money advancedif required. For terms apply to Mr. Slattery,30, Upper Berkeley-street west, Hyde-Dark-sua. Tl1VICKENHAM, close to the Station.-To be LET, JL a newly-builtEHOUSE and SHOP, with plate-glas3 front and moder erection, undeniably situate for ang retail business. An excellentoopening for a fishmonger, draper, or stationer. For terms apply to Mr. Slattery, 30, Upper Berkeley-street west, lIyde-park-square. rpWIC)EENHAIN, within two ninutes' walk of the Railway Station.-To be LET or SOLD, a bargain, THREE newvlyerected eight-roomed HOUSES, with every modern convenience, well supplied - ith good springwater, excellent drainage, and garden front and rear. Three-fourths of the puachase money ean remain on mengago. For terms apply to lr. Slattery, 30, UpperBerkeley-street west, Hyde-park-square. BAYSWATER.-To be LET, for any term under 55 years, with immediate possession, a comfortable 10-roomed HlOUSE, inthorough repair, on graveUy soil, with good garden, and within five minutes' walk of Kensington-gardens. Rent and taxes very moderate. The vhole or part of the well-made furnitulre may be takect atvaluation. Apply at Mr. Henry's offices, 1, Craven-terrace, Craven-hill, Bayswater. UIMEBLEDON.-To be LET, Funlished, for two mnnthr, at the beginning of April. a delightfully situate and nearly new semi detached VILLA RESIDENCE, containin dining and dravwng rooms, four bed rooms, and a dressing room, convenient offices; a good garden, and well supplied with water. Apply to MIr. Tovnsend, Wimbledon. FFUNBRIDGE-WELL S.--To be LET, in the vicinity i of Trinity Church, and close to theCommon,a semi-detached 'VILLA. RESIDENtCE* containing two sitting rooms, three best bed rooms, one dressing room, and one servants' bed room ; kitchen, scullery, cellar, coal-house, two water-closets. Si. Address Y. Z., Nye's librarv, Grosverner-road, Tnnbridge-weDs. A good supply of Jack Wood's water, Ic. M%AERTON.-To be LET on LEASE, unfturnished, 1V wiitbin 10 minutes' walk of the Wimbledon Station, a compact detachedFAMILY RESIDENCE, containing seven bed rooms, dressing room, and three reception rooms -,good sarvants' offices, coachhouse, stabling; convenient out-buildings, "reenhouse, small cottage, and mocerate-sised garden tastefully di.poseU For terms and cards to view apply to hr. D. Mason, estat6 and land agent, Wimbledon. lIT ENT.-To be LET, with inimediate possession, a JL neat detached RESIDEN CE. contaiing two sitting rooms, four bed rooms, two atticz, kitchen, wash-house, scuDery. pantry, and goocd celars stables and coach-house. and large garden. Situate about tvo niles from the Dartford Station on the North Kent Line, to which an omnibus nms twice a day. Apply to M1r. Wim. Hodso3l, auctioneer, &c., Famisgham. Kent. I HX OLLAD-PLA ^CE, Kennington-park.-To be L V EaT, at Midsummer, a comfortable FhsisLY HOJUSE, contaming 12 rooms of goodproportion andofglces. Orthe londLease of this and the adjoining house may be bought on advantageous terms For th purchase ap ply to Mressr. Clarke and Bryice, 29, Coleman-street; or to hire of ofessrs. Debenham, 0. Cheapside, Mtr. Bmlsier, 1, Chaning-coros; or Mressrs. Tye and Andrewis, 5, Spencer-place, Brixtonroad, near the prenises. 1A1IDA-HIL. -To be LET on LEASE, for .LVL 7.14, or 21 years, a semi-detached RESIDENYCE. No. 12, Parkplaee Villas, with a small garden. The housei wel built, andcontaOUs EiX good bed rooms, good drawsing, dining, and breakfast rooms with e.xellent kitchen offices. Rent SO guineas. Any repairs now wanting wiebe done by tho landyorvd Apply on the premises or at the offices oi Messrs. dell, Cowdely , and Bryoe, solicitors, 2, raynbondbuildings, Gray's-mn. HABIPTON-COURT.-To be LETI, near the above station, in the village of East soulsey, a convenienat tAbILY HO17SE,; called Mratham MEanor-house, consisting of three sitting roomS, siuxbed rooms,llcitchen, scullery,w vater-e103et,5:c.,andwxitha large vaUledgarden wellstockedvwith productive fruit trees. To a respectable tenant takig it for a loagPeriod the terms fould be verytmoderate. Early possession maY be had. The house may be viewed upon appiecationpat thelodge. Fn;orither particulars applyntosr. eFrederi sret, 3., Essex-street, Strand. C;PRIX9G-GROVE STATION, on the l;indsor line, Kjeight miles from Hryde-park;-corner. Trains every hour to and from Waterioo Terminuit-Substantial VILLA RESIDENYCEDSare erected and elegtantly finished on any approved plan on the Spring-grove E.state, wshich is delightfully situate. on a soillo} pure gravel, bAetwveen Osterley-parkandRichmond. These houses have good gardens attached to them,i and additional land may be obtained if wanted. Particulars for rent on lease or purchase may be had from Mr. Cole, at the estate offnce, opposite the station; eri town a 11', Warw^ick-street, Regent- str meet. i hu 1ara Brtnsadcrs ole plrt;[ S ROPSHIRE.-Remarkably beautiful FREE- HOLD ESTATE of 350 acres, with Residence, near the Dee. Rent value of 550. This estate, dilided into twofarms, constitutes oneof the most agreeable residences in tho county. The smal family mansion overlooks abeautiful gladesene, boundedbyapowerfuI stream, capable of being applied to ormamenital water purposes, whose receding baunks are euriched with fno timber. The entrance gatesleading to the park are near the village charch and rectory. Excellent hunting fishing, and shooting. For saleterms apply to MIr. Beo Williais, land agent, 16, Castle-street, Liverpool. jr2AYSWA TBR, Kensington-1m),-k iandsome nrl-ul eiecs wth Wue opeet low, rents, frmBOuwad ncTbe Z , i ,31in a short distance from Kensington-gardens, FAMISY RESliDEtCESl finished in superior style; containing spacous draw ing and dining rooms, nine bed rooms, add ample domesticoaEces; witn accese to beautiful pleasure grounds in the rear. City omnibuses within a fev minutes' walk. Apply to Mlr. Sim, 69, Elgin-crescent, wNotting~-hill; and to MEr. V. J. Collier, 3. MtToorgate-street, city. BARIGHTON.-Round Hall-crescent.-To be SOLD or LET, FaREEOLD HOUSES, in this healthy locality, sea- viewo and splendid coumtry senery, haU amile from the church and Railway Station, 23 and 28 feet frontages, for 80and 1,0C0 each rooms,five bed rooms, two wualter-laobseltns, amiplne omestitre accommodation, goed sYeirmage, and an abundant supply of w;ater. TheY are well- finished, have bold balconies, plate-glass frOnt windows, add areready for immediate occupation. Rent t60 and 0i0 per annumu.-M{r. J. .aye, architect and sur-gyor, Lans-uobne-square. sulpphed withexcelwith lodsehne lacdi i" e gom3o f pakla ap)pearance, vith5 delightful nsev.s of the surrolundn country, one mile from South- aptnontheLondon read, and twosfroumtharaialway station. The lawn, pleasure ground, walled gardien, and park meadow comprise about 21 acres, greenhouse, hothouse. stabling, coach-houses, brewhouse, andcomspleteafarm-yard; the wholewellYsuppliedwithexcellent 4ater cn. To--h-l ofev the purPcrhayse moneby m aty remain on mortgxage at immediate possetssion, a substantial vell-built gentleman's RESDENCE, ,Dlaced on an emin;ence, gravelly sol, and south aspect, containing entraince hall and vestibule, four spaiciOUSreCeptiOn rooms, eight principal bed rozoms, twvo dressing rooms, and five secondary bed roo we -aUrrangeds domestic office,, dry cellarage, laundry, wsash. house, I;e., st,abhiug for six horsves, harness room, and deubl coach. hsuses, wiith loft and men's rooms over, hothouse, smallfarm yard, productive kitchenl garden, extensive pleasure grounds, beautifully studded with ornamental tumber, and two gras haddocks the whole eoeiriee inabou 31acre. Fr tems nd crdsto -itw apply to,hlIy, ',TEWINGTON-CAUSEWAY.-The LEASE of IN ^_nmanding PREMISES, in the best part of this businew thoeoUaWM,,':: be SOLD. Apply at 71, evwintgon-cansewy. PORTEHEAOE KensingTon.gardens.- To frbe LET, 1uruisie a half-detachedVILLA. double drawing room , six be edE rooz. dresig rooms, lawn and garden, coachhouse and Vtablng. Address '. ' a., pet-office. Craven-hill )ELGRAVIA,-To be LET,h }Fuimished, a really JiI) elegant small HIOUSE, inone the obest situatiOns, at a moderate rent. Apply to Mr. :I?reyberg, house aent, 1t, Grosvenor-street west, Eaton-square. 'x'HESTER-TE1RRACE, Eaton.square&o~~:NQ 6 to be LET. with insnediate possession, Furnisheii for SiX or 12 months. The hous consistsf eight rooms. Rcentm e s Apply on th PMe'5 1HARLeS-STREET,Berkeleysquaie.-To be l,ET, for thi easrr from the Ist of April, a gettel frihdcorn-' pact HOUSE. well a 'pted fora smallfaminly. o atenas pl to Mir. A.Bloyd, agent."g. Edward-street,. aptmnplyre NAMDEN-BOAI~, Upper Holloway-A eraiSJ detachedVILL delHOU y situate, contaglrng 12 rooms. aent 5. Ailso one near the above. t 46 containing 10 rooms Appl a 1, Iorton Villas, Camden-roa, gtar the Baptst ChaPeL TUIJDGTE- EL-is-EILLe BUINSSPE L.JMSES to be L.ET, on the soutlh side, (the bestpart of Ludgtatehilt) withimmediatepossesston. Apply to Mlr. Parsons5 I6, I3dsate- KLNSNGO-GRDyST obeLET, a er four capilbedroms.Rent 50. Adpply at o2Sin-:droanvmd, Vitora- D ELGRAVE.SQUARE.-To be SOLD the .12 LEASE and FURNITURE of one of these caPisal AIfSIONS or it would be Let, Fuished. Apply to Messrs.Gallow andCo16, Oxford-street. DALSTON beLET,a comifortably FURD NIlS[tED RONGanda RLE5D ROO&adjoinimg; sitable for a gentleman and his wife or for two ladies. If reqired, a second bed room could be had. Cleanliness observed, and terms mode. rate. Address A. Y., Mr. Newman's, 193, Bishopsgate without. [ ATCHET.-T& be LET, i tshalthy vfflage, 2a pretty COTAGE, containing three sitting and five bed room, two kitchens, andthe usual domestio offlces; small garden atth back Rent 30 per annum. lose to the railway station. Apply to 3r. Edward Newman, D3tchet 5T. JAMES's-PARK, close to the HIouse ofCommons, and overlooldng the Enclosure.-To be LET, Furnished for the session, a oommodious HOUSE, for a sall family. ParticsIars of AMesss. Troilope, 15, Parliament-street, and 1i, Grosvenor-street. Eaton-square. TIAD)LEY, Middiesex.-FREEHOLD HOUSE, v.ith large garden and stabling, common rights, and pew in EciSley Church, tohbeSOL.D, suitable for afanilY. Fries51,200: half pmay rejmain on mortgage. Address a4. Ball, 4, Regent-street, C IABERWELL-GREEN (near). -A very eligible and cheap HOUSE to b. E:T, at. C4 D year. - 3caooomo, good water, andaUconveniences and fixtures, with smallgardens. The premises are in perfect condition. Apply, postpaid, toJ. H Triston, EsQ. 8, Bedford-row. NTO, 16, HYDE-PARK-GATE SOUTH, Kensin- ton-gore.-To be LET, a well-built well-ventilated detached R)iSIDEN'CE: tree reception rooms, three bed roomns, and dresing room first fioor, four attic bed rooms, prettykh1, consatory, and staircas, excellent offlces, conveniences, and fittings. NJBW1NLGTON-GREEN.-To be LET, (close by,' a ,1: small aud comfortable eight-roomcdHO1USE. ent, excusive of taxes, 24. It is situate in an improving neighbourhood, and convenientforomnibusandraiway. Arespectablebusine-snot objected to. Apply at 4, St. Pauls-place, Balls-pond. B RIGHTON East Clitf.-A smaU and well FUR- SNISHED EO?TSE, south aspect and with a view of the sea, with drawing room and five bed rooms, malcing up seven or eight beds, and double dining rooms. Rent Is guinea lsef week if taken for two or three months. Applyto IMirs. Bell, S, St. (eorge'h-terrace, Erighton. W ORTHING, Sussex, close to the sea-To be WLET, untllthetbeendof May, FURISHEED APARTAIMENTS 'with attendance. Drawing room 1iPor. 15s. per week, with two bed rooms, el; parlouz and one bedroom, 12s. per week. Address . G., care of Mr. Hlunt, 1, St. George's-torrace, iverpool-road, Isngton. ('ROSVENOR-SQUAJE.-To be LET, Furnished, Gin most complete order, for the seasons of ISSD and 1I57, a capital ROUSE. with owach-house and stablixng. The furniture being perfectly fresh. a family with young children would be objected to. For particulars apply to -Messrs. Trollope, 15, Parliament-street, ana is, Grosvenor-street, Eatonesqunre. TEE.-To be LET5 ar.- eleg-antly finished de- tached VILA, containing dining, drawi1g, four bed, atd one otherroom, htIcens, and every con enience, with large garden, situate seven omnutes' walk from the Lewisham Station. North Kent Railwoy. Rent 0. Apply by litter to ., 29, Great Towner street, HIMLICO.-To be SOLD, for 17a, a caitalo di HOUSE, let, producng 45e in Cambridge-street, Pihahio. Term 12 years. Ground rentXS8. Subject for six yearsand fourmonthato a monthly payment of e5 I0s. PossessioRl may be had if necessary cApply to nlr. Eocombe, 3, Oldham-place, BeAnigge-vpells5road, near mouth-street. WKENDINOGTON-To be LET a semi-detached RESIDENC'GE, within tao minutes' wao k of the Gberdens, containing dining room, drawing rooms commnaicating with folding aoorr. four good ned rooms wsth two dressing rooms, and twipo e Irvantsq bed rooms. sent a5. Apply at 20, Clarendon-road, Victoria-road, Kensington. WV IM B LE}:D 0 N.-First-class FREEHOLD EOUSE to be LET or SOLD, wfith three acres or wi acres of lenantscoixiung toaoption. 12 bed rooms, larte library drawnt and dining rooms, fine entrance hall, every domestic requisote, stallig, coach-houses, Ic., oltheflretclass. Inquire of Mr. Ashpitel,5, Crownacourt, Old Broad-street, CitY. TJAN'DSWORTH.-To be LET or SOLD, FREE- ET HOLD HOUSE, of very superior description, lately erected In the fistyle, on one and a half acre of land; 10 bedrooms, very large duag room, drawing room, library and breakfast pnardoer kitchen, offlces. stabling. &c., of theocompletest description. Inquire of or. Ashpital, 5, Crown-court, Old Broad-street, city. reROSVENOR-STREET WEST, Eaton-square.-To be LET on LEASE, a comfortable HOUSE, with greenhouse, either as a private house as 90 a year, or as a shop at 120 a year. Tenant's fixtures at a valuation. For particulars apply to MIesss Trollope andSons, 18, Grosvenor-street west; or of F. WYorrall, Resq., 4S. Edwa3rdeeRsquare, Kensington. S ~T. JVHN's-WOOD.-Mr. Tindall is instructed to LET, Fulrnished, a semi-detached VILA, situate in the best part of t-his favourite locality. It comprises five bed rooms, dressing room, drnwmig. durnag, and breakfast rooma, servants' oilices, and good garden. For cards apply at the St. Jobn's-wroo( estate offices, 26, Portlandc trrace, Regent's-park. S T. JOHN's-WOOD.-MIr. TFindall has received inB structions to ET a detached FiMILY v ESIDENCE It comprises eight hed rooms, dressin room, elegant drawing and dining rooms, library. convenient servants' offices, Inrge garden, coach-house and stables. For cards apply at the St. John's-wood auction and estate offAces. 28, Portland-terrace. near St. Johnb'-ood ChapeL. CST. JOHN's-WOOD.-Mr. Tindall is instracted to pET, several semi-detached VILIS (OneIproperty. TheY contain from eight to 10 goad rooms, finished in a superior style, and replete with every convenience. Rents b0 to 70. For cards apply at the St John's-Aoodaplytionand estate offlces, 25, Portland-terrace, near St John's-wVood ChapeL. dARNSAURY.-To be LET, in this health localitv wi TWO capital rESIDENCES, insa very pleaDant and respectable street. at the back is a large pleasure garden, in wfhich the tenants may have the privilege of ealking. It is well suited for childrn. Rents 50 and2p3. Apply to sur. Bray, auctioneer, ling's-roaLd Bedford- B urythbe LET , theeor four roms, wit gardens. The soil is gravelly, and the locality very healthy. Convey.ance to town. by onimbus, boat, or rail-fare Oil. Rents from ;45 to 55. Apply to hr. Oatts,ouse agent, Castehnauierrloce, on the Surrey side of Hamemersmnitb-bridge, near theD Be:.leau Armsu e LAPHiAgr.-To be LET, within one nanints w,alk of Clapham-common, on a perfectly healthy gOravel soiL, and ,ith capital dvrinage, several eight and ten-roomed HOUSES, in Grafton-square, at exceedingly low rents, rangng from ;32 for eight roomed, and from w42 to 45 for ten-roomed houses. Tenants to keep in repair and insure. Apply at the Cedars, ClaPham Old-tow.n. C1],OCESTERt-TER A CE.-Mr~. W. G;reen has julst been instructed to LET, unfurnished, in the above favonredatnation. for a short or long period, a most desir-able FAMILY RESIDENCE. comprising five reception and seven bed rooms, with well arranged offlces in the basement. Apply at his offices, 6, Cenduitstreet, Weatbourne-terrace. DT I JO N's-WOOD, immeditely overlookina the K3r.gnt PRArkTIM . Tindal isme dinstruct tof LETdan,h releganty FUP.NISED FAIYREiDECE. UItecotmprises5 10U bed rooms, large drawing rooms, dining room, and library, servants' offces, replete nth every convenience. Por cards apply at the St. John's-rood estate office, 25, Portland-terrace, Regent's-parli. lrT. JOa Ns-WOOD.-ufr. Tindall ie instracted.to L_g sErT, furnished or unfurtaished a Able detached VL, ac- It comprises four bed and one dressing room, two draw.ing rooms, dimnn room, library, billiard room, ample accommodation for servants. isve garden, coach-ho'use and stables. For cards applyat the St. John~s wrood auction and estate offlce, 25, Portland-terrace, near St. John'swood Chapel. IAEDICAL.-To be DISPOSED OF, immediately, 1 LLa PRACTICE, in a commercial district of London, the receipts from which (including an appointment of 1l501 exceeds 500 per annum A considerable proportion is rcefived within the year. The residence is w,ell situate in a large open thoroughfare, and is held at a lowv rentaL, An effective introduction can be given. Entrance. indludinc surgery fittings, ac, about ;S400. Apply to Mr. Orridge, 30, Bucklescburyn zEM I-DETACHED VILLA to be LET, at LadyK7 day next, situate one msile from KAeYningOn-parL near the Clapham-road; containing four bed rooms, dressing room, three sitting rooms, kitchen, -suDery, larder, and every domestic convenience; garden 160 feet in length. Rent 42. Inqure of Mr. Atlee, nurseryman, opposite the Swan. vstockgaell. N.E. Aportion of the furniture of the present tenant can be purechased at 25 per cent, Ices than prme cost It ranted, . QCEOLASTIC TRLSFER. -For immedit ' DISPOSALv, a reusectable DAY SCHOOL for YOUaNG GEi TIu EIMN, netprofitsh 250 :per aunnum. To effect an immediate transfer the low remsm of .10 will be accepte, whch is considerably belowlitevowle. Satisfactory reasons for leaving wiarbegiven This will bear the strictest investigation, and is an opportunity seldom to be met with. Rent lowv, house convenient, school-room detached. Apnly moth real name and address, to A, B., care of Mr. Bird, 57, Worshipstreet, Finsbury. 1IIREWERY to be LET.- To be DISPOSED OF, LIon very advantageous terms, the L EASE of convenient andvreDlsituate PREMAISES, with the weltarranged 10-quarter brewvery plant included in the rentaL. A trade of nearly twvo thousand berrels wiLl go with the premises, and a portion of the purchase money of the rolling stock will be allowedto remani, thuls affording a rare opportunity- of taking an established and improving business, wiith a very moderate amount of capitaL. Apply to Messrs.Maon and Sons, 61, King William-street. London-bridge. COTTAGE to be.LET, Furnished, in an excellent ,ituation, in the neighbourhood of lIammesemith. It has dining roOmn, drawing.room, anld five bedrooms, wsith every domestic conve- lawsn, and surrounded by st,adndnardt ros3es;^akoaldb a poulty a stable, and all that can possibly be desired It is tastefullyferniSshad, and will he let te a careful tenant on very moderate terms3. It is w.ithin a 6d. ride of the Hank, and omnibuses psasconstautly. For particulars apply to the proprietor, Mr. Pugh. 163, Regent etreet. -r AD- WORKS.-To be SOLD or LET, a large LA MANUFACTORY, in 1inningham, now in fnU operation, consisting of a wvhite lead wvorks, eapable of snaking 25 tons per wveek, vvith grinding and paint stones complete, by Fairbuon, a composition and lead pipe mill by Eaton, a rolling mill by Rush, S feet 6 inches wvide, and a s>team engine of 50-horse powver. The wvhole of the machine-y is of the best construction,anod containnsall the lat mpement are wiithin a quarter of a mile of a goods and passenger railwvay station, are of modem erection and most substantial character. APpply to Box 59, post-offle, Birmingham. R US in URBE.-A semi-detached VILLA RESI- DENCE to be LET, four miles west of town, a 6d. ride to the Bak,andconveancesevery10 minutes. It issituate 70 or SO yards fromthe high road, and overlooksabeautifulpark, is approached by a splendid avenue or trees; alod-e, and gates for carriage and footay; principal entrance to residence by flight of steps; porch, and plate-glass panled door to hall; has six good bed rooms, closetq, large len cnpboard,drawi g a.nd dining rooms withfolding doors and plate- glass windowis, mahogany sideboard, top cupboards,o smg readng or music room. ass excellent breal.fast room. convenient kitchen anl ceeiTery, elarage, an a other necesary conveniences front and hock gardens, and wel suppled with water. Rent for a term of three yea 4peranum Apply at 2,AvenueVillas, Ravenscourt-park, Hammersrnlth; or at the Lodge. C OTTAGE and SHOOTINGS, in Argyleshire, to be EI,1:T, foroneear, from hitnday, 1556 :-Barmolloch Cottage. wtith the shooting and river fishig on the estate of Auehenbrck, in Kintyre, extendinga to nearly 2.0G0 acres. The cottago is situate on the sea shore, and is comfortaly laid out and furnished, and contains a sitting room, kithen, servants' room, and four bed rooms. In the offles there rre two staLs and a cariiage shed, wvhich may be had by a tenant if require The stock of grouse on the Moor is promising. The tenant lhavethe exclusive prhilege of rod fishimg in the river sbove Brckcley Farm-house. Rent 70. Barmolloch Cottage is about 1S miles by the turnpike road, and 12 miles by sea, from Campbelton to w;hich thero is a steamer from Glasgow three times a week. The steamer ) passes along tha coast. and pasmsengers can embark or lpa easil at Carradale, within about three mniles of the cottage, Ii. almost every state of the weather. Sr. Macrae, tle overseer s. Carradale, will show tho cottage, ann pemtoint ttheboundaries the shootin ;and for further partlticuI, a Mr.Andrw Ilssnatne, acto bootutorlsjfo0r MissCm rjl IWARTMHOUSE9 to be LET, on the bAgeszent, groumd, and first Door, comprising 1.500 square feet , SW a Dwelling-house, containingl3rooms. Applyat 23,Old Change.1 QCHOLAS~~ TRANSFER.-A el-esabihed DAV SCHOO0L to be DISPOSED OF, immediately. For furthier particulars aDply to T. S., 92, Aldersgate-set, Goswell-street. jSBUSINESS Xt be DISPOSED inaoo throghareatthwestenf, ~ensajAoderste. For 2atclr addrss 0.WG,55daall-all Qhromgi~g~i the City. Forpr tarulagetotMr.hS M. ow ctreu.t ~apy Cpsae DICA" iuindk~ey CEAMSTI SHOP. to betaken at a taoluabtioneia SOSdEDM&et tow. The deieased hade AsmatUpractice awes rgenm. bor a0ti0e. laqr apply to r CgneMcpobnc hbrary, ooodaseyl anmpdh T owfs LASERLT VFS~TRENT -To be IL SO LLD,O tong bLE&SorSYOLD XO, , at three ai uodeategounzent togthesiCheGromd}into; Zyear arStg out otthe Roel Ecan, andit good reper carig to the tr.atree, to WMessrs ionierl sn, liousea, Gar, eaIltnnd Cs 7r, vFDiCA>-To beien,i DISoSneit tuiOF, tomdiaelyDI lU9F. in consequene o! the deoease of the proprietrateer Ar latsapyt MrTm'so Chicnes,53 Ip:eri libary,t Ramsee, Hampq;shie, na T9NR LEASEHOLID HOUSESt T.o be one fo 9. n SOLD,aTWrcnhgse-oe0. AlSotue atiseh1us- at moderte goundrent toether Gil The arudeto~p er abrin Boutofthe abcouee t nd houses angent, thr, alr.eadyi sold. aup to Mr. Johad,pite, atineer. 1n3pa.rA with gOUSrESidence, in a lom or St, 3to nerePOSet to ine cons|eqlutene the decease of' he y ro rtaeineehAplde at Mr. dTim6s offiCes, 51,S Uppgzoer .arotte-et Fitzwayt o andeey. eart the premises. ~ ~ ~ earth Sai F0UR IFIREE HOLDHOUSES to bET -or SO,Ly) .Z9percent.a , Pechueaeas rtenone 4i-thuSteJoahn's-Londa,d,iburd als lxetSt goodpaynag tewnans,atornedreisngo and ivpe bed rooms;r. Abraham Booth, aucioneeranr. 4houRegent-s,,eet, Cin-illaiy Camden-road, oppositerheBredknock... x,. J T1IVEAU, resh ane et meS lo, for SE at Lime- Chomusde, for d5a hosarec paro, verler, et 30o tareeholde Letetorfive capitalweekPlaytents sat11i4 revend retmoir le dfistra te ttle-andeitodrepentrait dp oeday, bat Benotert day, at rs say's,rt, Gill-sreet iehne BRN EDWorERY to be SheD-an oad-esit AML cnerinCthe abiven heaboctaeight mileswestof, ondoai The preont proprietor lain beean 25 yearo in itw and about to retire, it and convenience.ppConveyances aour timestaday nu yths apput tol,fr caite t Glyoe r. John Waehitoe,au,ctioneer,c3hCityro , neara HOSIERY and OUTFITTING.- goo90d C'ONCMSUR to DISPOSED OF, eitherwit orb ithoutLstock, situatO in one of the best thoroughfaires in Bi-.erpool, 'with an exccellet fronta.ge. hentfonlystt70n Fixtures and -oodwl 's.w average returns for the lat t fi-e years bet feenr the0 and DDtoc per o a,Apply ton Crederin Trevor, an the premises, S. Scotnand-pl, BiverpooLm &e. DTEEEOLD TerS -forSA1E.-To be for SOLD. ThsO neArly-erectedand pleasagntly-situ,te COTAGdIy contaUirgsreroomsandacelear to each, ith slemtres chadse-houre gcdeni and goDd supply ofw ater, situave at herongate. about tn d trles from themreatwood Raut ay Station. Prioce 24S. Were last let fores15 a year eatl Apply to e. G. Cordee , t rentwloodca assex. BREOP ROERY TY.-o be SOLDIan oln ESTATE of pital. Apply toodr. JohnWaite, auctlOnr 13et,to capital tenants, nho payaU theaxe3,-std preet cinga uet no. f Sa year for 81 years to tane Porithe latSfiv yarsl bewen 3,000y aned 1,1 per anenuma, a Apytor Wrde's, T3Drovor.on thae peie,3 Scothland-r ptg , Li; (erpoogh CAPITAL FFREEHOLEOLD aESfoSAE.-Tsgod as a ground rent, nyeinr a net sum of 6 annuaey, as the rent from preaines in the mdty, let upon lease to responsible parties, eho gden, a good inspme beyond, to be SOiD. for ernt, aout t ert for15Apply ey letter oaly to B. Z.,5, orBert-trrace,nSouthase ton-street, Camberwvell. HOP PROPERTL .-To be LST, dea Eg y S ituate, THnear Carlton-hiOU. St. Jonds Soocl, and Kilburn Railway Station. py feet above the Tpcames, commanding vmeis of Hayfstead atd Richmond; stkid for goo L cDss vlas of ;6 and 120 yearly vagueo Lease granted for 9b yeari, rent Ss. er annum Per foot frontage. Addrese. a31b. 44 Regent-street. rwcldilly 1)UILDING SA LAN t bzr e LRET, delwith 60 houses Llerarttacedon-Lnohi S. JAns-d lande porburn ofteprcaile mtoney ma0 feetabnov ecrho the Tae,commandsing veqirews ofd Hampstedand chmn bhd; suite fohr good culass villas tof 6n 120. yeary vaplue,so Lease r, pli6antd for95bears, ret5per Wlananumpe fot frnont3e, Acfoddress E COTA. Ball 44, Regntstret Piccadilly. tO SALE aelhl isit-uate,coe BREERY ait Sta0o h0aleSouses Souatah-ed,ernine aindcontinsirAlag porsitiongof thre purchasemoneyo maremain onlcs aeceulnt-o vvther estatesy si requred and oearly po2sseso can behad Fo ute ariuasaply to Mr. Ash alley, autoerade-aplesaen, so- nitA UF 4CTUING ATESIDE PRE3II-SES liciator, bpeg and Hoeinah pentralWioanlandStenson, on the Redent's FLsome CEASEHO TAD orGE Oto PROPEL TYE , ell let: the Sehouth-Weter line randcotiingto twfere.Or sitig,tre beroom Rns, do- snestecd onbproepsexcelln tter,egraoel sndon. Purchaseoniney no' to exceed about;elMI,O or <M.200. Addrcss,% pre-paid, to 2L W., care of Mr. Ieodd, ironmonger. 1Oa, Edgey,areuroadn W3JANUFA CTR-SRDWAy-street,neaE St.P SSout fiemiles frr!teWtodStation.-To be IE nBAE The .ontaam and dravling roono onthe t's Cnal. bivlding erec , adoor stables, coach-house spac dener osir.o 30 y cres of meadon and a-rble power am bmlr aMe frm bildigs. The river Colne rums through the gro-mds. Apfury th particularSon. and OMiver, 7, Bedford-ro si. V'ORINVESTMIEK WANTEDI tEO P PUCHSEto be ,y 1gT, bing 3cornr hose, thichhas esnetablished in the fecuored ron propbert ginfo the wesset of odn.Prhaemney nott to .s exceeds abIgoutvilL 1,000 or a,200. Address, poncern-pa to Id. Salmonf M5,rdir HOUlEdeewamy dty. ld Chatle-sianofnes-stree t, nithtea Sve tAynyoug paydre, two CoEittier cntaii, ng oDnint pand draing rm w domestic slem Loreht boIaches, tfr sale, lepg rom, good stables, cano acue, garden,a or tdenes cofttae, abut 30a pe r annumeadon am lad,han. sAdres s ply to MeAn.Wi, PSon,a Pand, Oe,, Bedford-row, L ESTALEOUSHEtobGeNERA LE:T. Py toe bear LET, being a corgehndsomeryfurn house, whichhasbblound shinaret trae tese40ya,-, nd ellsimte o on,ron-n~sS thnes 5othWs'te factoy rason wiltlbemgaue ofr thsealiy prset owntery partng widrn. t vo~" naderthe circnistxgdance's themere nomin sume1 of D1s, dnaed. for fixurse an goodwllstMe Toahintagnuineroncern appl goodlrge Salmon,fo th, Bukersnt ry16 cuity.S per annum. Situa near familyd dress to s V.. Me6srs.agent, 209,Old naiel C IAPITA-L LEASEHOLD I nVte SotMfEnTg- Ch anre-Tre bRhEStIoEA-Es taF.-To be OLDT, o to ayreupard turnipandcon ltaud'ith houeand f0mnstead,r clommd tofarUia stxa-r oif, pr ceanth,e an exellenth privatr iDEaCE, stat rles-re ouleet,on havincbeter 16sur mlet toea loreabyon trment To beTr untered upon 3draviatromseiray, bytlanthed, loffce ., siabcto a vauaint.e' fromMichaewars oft0 yearsthat anes grouandcen of LondAonaly pter go anm.rkFor furlthe bprticurs c .Apply to Mreirs. taimer,, alenr, and-snee, ad4 Bve-n VIALUAL SITE, ART Clr-iniw SuhofEg FUanId.oeI EAoSE e . -AafD crcup y- rLO undpy oad gentemlanof re.taousihewt adartead,osa children two ptting rooms, sixth re bdrooms, toaeurci' raoodostic of cce,icach.r house,n tworsal stabe, yeharsibraomy fanmd. goo lare gardsedn, for the udretao 10 sineaspe annm Siifatuainnerrdaym d upedi tely, b.y taksgs. se, Isborr. omrsaso n. standing iw handoe pleasu grgod markets, mithy cyeale-stestablyst and ableg,n statiner, onthe So th- mestrn. airoadn,stbu 1hmiles from tLokindoin Lmaksu 1te breds,nri twoesdrain erotemsib, and hav reicetsuitaby a t a ge entlem Fon pamtitly wtpaddock,o cAsr ow,,Applt Mr. Gibboans, agendtor, 201, Oldnchuren- -street:ordr. Thebi dnessisoftRemostreetableror ta toTmr. SGrdie, auctOCneerK 1, n7 th Sttuthy CHASniTiADbe SOL aoLEIA, VaUFrG, ofd p0osacr of egoo eaobeDSOSDrlyTit nmeit possesgn h mcaemnymyewedon Ito S 0 bat bee tumpand coarn lsanhhd, with hous lngankd nstas, ose tof ah raiwa sta- ton,and inestmheentr of uth bocpation; in Adgood statrem of cultoen having been,forstoe audareraely, fa redT bexentered upo imt medAtel, by t the sIeed iab of mode,at raM atn fromitablma lstin. aPthinoan3 easy distae ofuonedon ba tndaotale go arkets.n Aol yr by lettero to Mr. Leaighr, s1t ationer,Springeaddg jQALURABE SITrWREHOle In G bR LET oURn lo Iemol anL adistn lo are orene PLOith includi of very amposes.Money will bea ato,a purchase. oand terto carroy O,uts theunr deing n ponl ae satifeary anu.gein entes. aFo nparticlrs applyo Macessrsn.tockswarandDore.lnantsc JIs CiRSE,theAS HONlTEL Tfa moern,aneszd Coffeehause ifoeISOE ianapoe tOF, wthe immsedmiahtbe possessilon. thAsy been aiayyesarsu esalihd aivndu haloueepng rankmediasnfthey most aplype- soaB o b lttr o A}. Erhal,18 Ar- etet Bie azall r "RAIN0ING orWRHIJI G FUyRNp- IJi prtan t eAplin of hit Pasknd SeimnLdouThe Pripsesam TnTeces aroi extensie dansd,anve reetl,at ase greati epnse, bng puteinto ompgeate or e oth buasdeie irns f of the spotwbler and profitable l desrptdion., Paricularers mfayt be otine byse prncpl on apnplicatgion to ver. Carding, faur R 17 aforein. Batta TIHRCH PAREFING Eb T.-ANTED, a- to PtRhe FU-" UE Pddeaoictnurates,adalls himton.abTepontrty V s; TIAUkHSED an Aore r o bitor or aLIIO, Ns th prAetTEN oafe INarlysessIon. (Theuorce-u reoonm may betentdst.1,0 b p u -ta smaller investmnt weouald b creverredvus Addres 0. th, 24, Uiepper Wobrn-plce, aitocksqure IJOUSEIN o y F SNTUE.-WANTED,t-o UR 3.,.CASE, the,bbi FUR atUen ofamPodrate-siredfOSE and, if in3 main apoedlitation, anathe houese mgh b otraktsen als.An ersona desirous ofd giving auphotursekeepng immediatel may napply per etson-ally r bylnettr toM.Grhm, 5 Arstet Pcadly RI) ElilO ING or WARHOUINGE FUN-TardE. h Appl eat T. lAGIonour 11,th Paveetrins husyio.-T Contractos, socrecmoal toa anyistne Estimates-I seOnt rts,T incluing rsko cIple Packing for riwy ndn fosreignt iparts, ns)w e noe S1^ TORE WAREH iOUSKaErS,1, Baer-stree-t Eaxanr.-{ hOUeD Exin storelrooms, built9 frfire-poof wel ventilated nd trmatipon aorppblicatiewon, ora pesnd senttive nestimathes aor rendth cost Mach, at the manufactery, A tla s, UpperParloplace,DDrrst t square. Henry Clayton, patentee. Y ORKSHIRE.-To be SOLD, pursuant to a De- cretalOrder oi the High Court of Chancery, made in a cause of "- HerMajesty's Attorney-General against Hall and others,"' iithi te approbation of the Master of the Rolls, the Judge to whose Court this cauise is attached, by Mr. THOMAS DANIELS, at the George inn, in Whitefrirar-gte e in the borough of r o ingaston-upon-Ul, on iWednesday, the 6th day of 31a rch, 1856, at 2 o'lock in the afternoon, in two lots, namely:-Lotl. AvaluableREE HOLD brick--towbexr WIND CORNMIL, commnouly known by thenname of BlockouseMill, situate on the south side of Holderness-road, opposite to Dansom-lane, in Drypool, in the saidborouiighoftng-ston-upon-Hul,togethervithtbe spacious5ard, slheds, offices, and out-buildings thereto belonging, in the occupations of Messrs. Priestley and Salvidge c.id of Thomas Wing; also two messuages, occupied as four tenements, Pdjoiniug the said mill, am . ronting Holdemess-road aforesaid, in the occupations of George Hardy, Mary Grange. A. Forrest, and Samuel Suddaby: the ground plot containsin the whole 1,799 square yardsortth ereabon uts. LotTwo tenenaets adjoining the said n il, andfronting to bth-stret, in the 0 ocupations of John Dick and Joseph Pearson: the ground plot contains 193squar re yards orthereabouts. Prtinted partculars andcondlitionsof o may be had gratis, inLond.Johnsn. Weatoerall,and Sonss 7, n-sRech-walk, Tem ple, solici of Ior. Richardlam - bert. Bedorarow, solicitorr of of essrs Raven and Bradley. Harcourtbuililings. Temple, solicitors: o Me5ss--. Leensan and Clark-. so1ilctors, York; and of .Uessrs. Sheuherd and Crust. of Reeverey,inthe county at York, soicitors; of the auctioneer, at his office, Bishon-lano, Hull; anul -t the place of sslm-Daicd this v9d day Je2 wuary, 18S6. J0OIYSC-,I,WEATllERALL and SONS. Temple. A RTESIA W LLS, :13oring for Water, Sinking Shafts, &c.-Tho ty, gentryanies, towns, baths, brewrers, and manufacatu o eersyo every dascriptionmyb supplided whi an quantity, by IWVVlD GREENYLHi, civl engineer and patacrio of boring tools, 10. Caningsteeting.tet,ontonviil Pumps and machyilec for raisingwaterco deepoe wels,ri rngt toolsl adsel pipes i fi< r x- portation. ZIeab and tools suppliedtobore for railroads,minacls. se f1 ALVANIZED and CORRJORRUGATED 'CR IRONZ SOLD to merchants and others on the lowea,serms, for exportatin i. by th e undersigned, who also beg to direct Sttentior i their galisanird tinned iron tiles, which are nowr a ;tgular roodag mate.rjil in Australia (see AIellboura, Sydney, and. ddelaide a,-uoo enrrhs,t),andslso inthoWetndetludies pe and elelseWb,cro.-A. 3146R WYoODn and e,, atenntoeeo galvanieeinnedtnd j, Do>DowclDci Tipprer T,aess-steet, lonondon l1/[AEHYLATED SPIRIT of WFINE.-WIGHTL -LV an SION,Bresei maers 12. Fnchrclstr~t,LDocl1k. 'IhLe Excise reulAttQIl8 1;049 ~ratlq f4AIP14q 9 - - ndfingAm
SALES BY AUCTOTO2. Yr-hol&.-Sumrner-court., near-ly opposite Bis~hopsgate Church. j~ESSIt-S. WINSTA?NLEY are directed to SELL- = n u deby AUCTION, atthe Mart, To-morrow March 4 under a poweri r a mortgage deed, the FREEHOLD PIRM,11SES fordmi'g uraIner-court. mishopsgata, betweenoDeronshire-str;eta;d-Mew-stret, coprlsinga a diwellina-hoase and work-shops,which occupy a frontage of about 32 ft. by a depth of lOt0 ft. Possession mDay be had on corn pleting the purchase. To be viewed by applying on the pres of w.here particular may be obtained. at s also ofr. esf SOwton. solicitor. Great Jarnes-streec, :Bedford-zow; at the Vart and of 31essrs. Winstanley. Paternoster-mw Literarg ut clthe. * omsCopeaind, IEsq., Fr LroUTTICK and SIMPSON auctiioneers of literary priet,wi;l SELL by ATICTINH at their gzreat Roomi, 191. 'ic.adilly, on e inednsday, Mare h12, andl three follolving days, the the well-sel~ected MLISCELLANgEOUJS LIBRARtY ofE the late Thomas Co.iCland. m l .. F.LRS., comprising best editions of the Werlts of standard English authois in history, theology. pontr, -e.. a few fne bools of printr, seful boolks of referlee, as. Catalogues wmll be Eeit Olt rereint Of two ptamtps, musfic and itsical Ingstru raGinn DUTTICo and SIMPSON auctioneers of literary k proPerty. wEill SELL by AUJCTIO:i. at their great BOOM, 91. iccadilly,earlnl<aeh, a large,LCOLLErvoredbTIOy of miscellaneous isc. iane a .'l classes of comosition. andt musc,alinstruments of alu kinds.Cataloguest wllbe sentrq on r-eeipt ofone stamp. t ales of lunteandintruens ae eld a nerl asposibe,monthly durnag thescetason,foremwhichocc dasionsconigmerants, largeror small, can be Iiugu,y lupurcaltl AUtagrap and i.fte lat rans -Moore: Fan. T -UnTTIcK and SIMPSON, auctioneers Of 1iterary ipropertv. wr ill S LL b yAUTOi attheirgreatEom.19, olnte- dill, irniah. the bishly important -ad extremely intercEting C01jafCTION of AU`[ 0OG RAI'lltS and IISS., form ed by th e Ilate Firanicis Mloore. Ben.. during his residence of niearly half a ceutuar iL 'Paris. The autographs of English and French Royal persoriges o rf nuomerous, of unusually early date, and] of great historical interest; and the uibelica-eous AS G.comprise some most important volumes on subleets of interest to the histtouarian en genealogist; the charters and public sets are numerous and date from a period anterior to the Con- ons.Catailogues whi rhortis-be issued. ~jinutordhate. lties,-urninre nd iscellaneou~s ProperftY. />s WHITTLE wi SELL by AUCTION, on the IY. Premises, the Elucli Cow. Cingord-htb3ratcl. about a tuaurter of an hou's alkfro th Cstl atWoeifod TISDAY, March 3, at 12 foci allthe OUSEOLD IJHhTUREanid other EFFE'CTS: incudig avaretyof iscllaeou prpery,40 bead of poiultry, and witoutrerve.m CatalogueDs- on tOnhe r vremises; and of the auctloaert 1,ree Iublic-nouse, St eresEs.Gosl,Lcue.Fxue and Friue o unreserved sale, in One lot. St. George's-in-the-east, W Mnsn.!arch 5, at 2 for3 o'clock, the GOODWILL and LICENSES, toge ther waith ihe fixvtures and furniture, and everything qnn Plete for business, in one lot, without reserve, to the highest bidder. Premises inu good repair. ltsrticularm on the premises; and of the auctioneer, 45, Old-street, City-road. where the inventory can be seen. Unredeemed lledges.-I0 sets of excellent new Plated Harness, Fur- initure. aid Ariscellaneous Property. RFR.EDR. PI' IEST will SELL by AUCTION, his spacious Rooms, Upper St. Mfartis-lane. To-morrow (lTuesday). Mtarch 4. and followving day, at 12 for 2 each day, 13B r- DBEELELD PILEDGES ; comPrising ladies' and gentlemeen's apparel. piece goods, sils. satins, 10 seti of capital plated harvess, household fuirniture, carpets, chin, glass, and a greatseariety of mi3cellaneocs property. On dew, and catalogues had ar the offce. Eiehopsgate.-MSr RobertWasy'sreaini"ng Stock de,thelee being isold.-By Mir. MASONt. On Wednesday, JAWcb 19i, TXCELLENT wvell-manufactured Furnittre, injcludE ig capital winged ardrobes, cbests of drawers, marble-top washstands, 4-post bedsteads, writh sassivecarvedplllars French and iron ditto, wanut iso, roselri'oos sblrnsiog rsnoo el*bais, xvth eabriohi ,fss and conlches en suxite, seab'Ssny ditto. rosewood loo ables, caplltal sets or dining ditto, sideboards, cheffoniers. chinmey and cheval glasses, a few original paintingS, engravings, books, fTL'ud brown mare, roomy spring cart- (atalogues of the auctioneeer, 8, Union-court, Broad sd. Twiiclenhain. M R. AI3RAHATs is directed to SELL by AUC- TIO1N. at the Goorge Inn, Twicirenhan, on Wedne sday, the llth of March, 18S5, at ^ a desirable COP1R'OLD ESTAT33, situate in Church-street, Twickenhaul. in the occua3bron of the proprietor, by w.-homn and his predecessors a large .and lurrative lbusiness as a furnihing, ircnonger. frier. and general smith, has been carried on half a century. The preunses are replete wrishconveniencefor earrying on a l:-ge business, and to any plerson about to embark in the line. srch an opportur.it3 seldomn presents itself, as poasees3ion wi'l be given at com pletion of the p^urhase. Uay be view ed, and partic31ar4 had of W. stilbeek. Es(r*, solicitor. 19. South tmpton-budlding5, Chancery-lane, and o1 Mir. Abrahams. auctioneer. Twicketbans, No. 46, upper Harley-etret.--enuine Funiture andEffects, thepr-: perty of a widow lady decea.ed, ,R: . DONALDSON, having sold the residence, is indructed to SELL by AiUCTION, on thePremises, 46, Upper Harley-street, on Tuesday, March U, atl1 for 12 precisely. thegenuime FUrNIaTURE ,aud ElTfFBCTS; comprising loo. card, sofa, mad other tables, conches, chairs, chimuicy gasses, pianoforte by Broadwood, books,. h,Brussels. Turkey, and other carpets, mahogany bedsteads. wardrobes, chests o dcnysee, dining table, sideboard, chairs in silk sand hairciotha carriage, kitchen utensils, and various other effect.s. Mlay bortowved. the day prior and morning o sale. whMen catalogues may he had at the ollioc of the ouctioneer, 1, I.angham-place; or on the prerniseo. Early Sale of genuinemodemuFurniture, at the Residence. 10. est- bourne-terrace north. Westbourne-green. Harrow-road. 2Y FOSTER lWill SELL by AUCTION, Prenises as above, (a short distance fron the Stafford Arms, laei LordHllsF)onWe(dnesdaynelt. the r' at 12 nroserredly, by order of the Proprietor, going abroad, the useful FVItIUPE: irontube audArabianbedsteIds withhangings and good bedding, choice mahogany Wardrobe, (itto double washstand and dttigs. drawers toilet4, &c., also drwing roos and ryarlourrequj5itesin wAlnuttree and mahogany, capital Brussels carpets, fenders. chimney-glasses, damask curtains, oak hall chairs and table, spring dial, a ieautiful -ainting. Dead Game, chin3 and glass, kitcheu items. ke. On view Tuesday and iormnig of sale. catalogues at the house, aud at Mr. H. Foster's, 410. Ox-ford-street. niear Soho-square. ,amden-toad inlae. - mcsle -t lt, erem 11 osehold Furniture, 66- octave PiccOlo Pianoforte. lare Glassea, and Effects. _ J1T3SSRS. SPILLIAN and SPENCE will SEXIL ILL by AUCTION, On the PreusiseB, 7. Rochester-square, Camndonrmad Villas,on Wednesday. March 5, at 12, the excellent fashionable HOUSHOLD purUNaJURt; comprising Spaulshmxahorany fourpost andArabian bedsteads and furiturLes, bedding, wvinged wardrobe, chests of dawers, marble-top washstands, dressiug t;bies and glasses bed and table lnon, mahogany pedesisi sidoboard, extending dining tables, sets of mahogany and roeewood cluari, couchoe andeasy chairs in Utrecht velvet anld amasir, noble chitiney-glasF.D in handomne gilt frames, rosew'ood and walnut loo, card. occasioal, and work tables, elegantroseood winged cheffoniers with marblo slabs and plate glass, 61-ctave fine-tonle Piceolo planofort in a-osoeood case. nanterburllst w hatno4e largaBrussecls carpeta fcsuders.lreirous, o.arved oak: hall suite. mincOilapiesl, table china and glass, culinary articim. kitchen furniture, and Quantity of mlete- effects. On iewv tie ds.y prior. Cataiogueabadonthepresulaea; !f P,eers. &{icbssandClarf jvisiit&5. 9, to~~buct. LcoinQ a'etll barat tltosuctlOuitT' oflQ14 U2, AU-i^#be.
