DEATES. On the Aitlinst, at the Grove, watford, the Hon. Mrs. GC. Viers, i*nth^>.iltear of her agei! On the 16th inst.. at33, Nottingham-place, 3Mqor Stones, late of the 13th Light Dragoons. (n the l6tuIit.. at Richmond-hill, tathmines, Dublin, Mrs. Sarah Robinso a,,agd 65. On the "4th niSt., g:tfadeira. Ei, second daughter of Mr.Nathaniej Haygward, 6 that island, agedl 43. On the'301x ult., at Parts, Irs. Daniel Tanner. widow of tho late Daiel Tuner,REq., of Lowver-place, Willleadon, Middlesex. .atBukfasUcigLJ Soth Devon, isbn Dougla CookEOn, Eeq., ~id l7. son of the late Dr. William Cookson, of Lincola. On the i dinst.. at Kinellan Ledge, Ross-shire, Sir Alexander Eac. kenrzie. BAdt.. of CorcL. On Thursday, the 3d int., at his residence, No. 16, Montag^e-square, inthd7f6th earof his age Riehard (YFarrel Caddell, Esq., of Marboursoewn, cotrty ?Meath, ireland. On the 4th insT, at Rhynd Lodg-c. Leith Links, Edinburgh, lawrenco Hislop, En., late of Trelawny and St. James, Jamaica. On theSth inst., at leadlng. Mary, relict of George Mordaumt, REq.. of theEPL Conmpany's Home Service. Onathe-th iaste. at Courtbldge, Hove, Battlc, of Ecarlet fever, Samuel Dnvys Sumner Stuart, aged I yeaars and 6 months. On thce 7th inst.. in WTynyatt-street, CIerk-enweD, James Pugh, in the thyiracot his age, for more than 0 years in tooefmploy o r p Sparka aadlCo.. of St. John-street, and wvhose services v.ere rharaceter iaedby honty, fidelitY, diligence, ad zeaL. To mark the o at ea>-oect entertaine forthis tood oldefaithful-erant,his remansrwere attenided to tbelc a-te by hin Lemster and a D his f llrow vorhuen. On *hcsti? te at.. at., }nd3a, Edred Harrison, Esq. of that pAlae lOlidtor,eied, e 5 OnL tie thins, teat Swanage, Dorset, Mnfr. Joseph mpowlen, ageA 6o for 3le wai psidcut in MFericn. On the i rt., at Torquay, aged Jn Henrictta, second daofhterof 'ler, gMhlikintshbD, Lreq of GeddesHaZtirn, agJi On the 5t inst.. universally and deservedly re>tette^d by all who onew be, trs. Caroline Crane. aged 59 of bronchitis, wife of 31r, To F ,Te^,VOt 6, Castle-tt reet, St.h Mry-axe. On the 110th insl., at Cleveds enc,rs. Anne desdprieo CoUuinCpood, reLctof ATlRev.Joh bis mprIcre, D.Da,inher76thyoar On Thursday, the 10th in A-, Maitha, the wife of Mhr. Wili3m Ilinbarc, _felathaLW Laed h3. On 'ThsirdY} theICth tort., st Spetngfield, NorthampDtonl, Betsey, thc halovett wifeof MIr. W. T'. Portal, in the Sitha-ear of her age. On Thusday. the 10th ins^t., Sibylia Jane, the beloved wife of Charles fluder. REq.; M.D., La-rington, lants, a Harie 4. ORnuther otfJhnJ. Harriserlingerqingof Ilness, Hlseorge Schofieldm on On tlieflthinst.. at hia residence, 18, P3ddington-green, Captain Ihoras ALien, iin his Wiilyear. Onthelstla Inst.. at NVewtonl Hll, cou3ty Northumnberland, S. Ei iVi(ddring;ten Captsaint R.., *&T. On1/ie.llth Lest.. Annie Kings, the youngest chiud of 3Mr. William Price, J!Sorth Lambeth, aged 7 months. Onthofltlainst..after afewrdays' illness, Harriet Mfand oug dauzghter of John 3. Harrison, REsq., of 27, lliltreet, Brempton. Ontire,lth teist., at his residence, Isucklinros. near WotongTA, aIrks., gsMtty beloved and respected, in . liis, REsq., in the fel a-car of iri age. La4ly,at Sealy Hnm, Pen broJ;eshire, the Rtev. W. Tucker Edwalrde rector. o( zasqnare and vicar of Ithoesnarket Pemubrokeshire and second s~of W. Tuclcer Edvrardes, REq., of Scal HYIfam.re
CORB T 'AAD LVlUPOOML JZA. 13. endingatelRhziust, amt 89,654 qure t 76L 10d. perquarteo-; efr.~ reqcnding week, 1815, 00,641 quartets at X1s, 3d, per quarter ditto. I834.64329 quarters, at Tie. 3d, per quarter. The reoeipt oc pain andftour are Zfghtfrom every quarter. We ave not experienceedthe, demand from millera and dealers ferwheat, meal, and door which wasg anticipated, but imPorters bare shownareat nnneM and the tonr, of theinaketisdecidedflybetter. Yet4erday an advanceodi.to3t.per bushel Over TuesdAY was obtained on wheat, and Is. per sack and barrel on flour, Id. per bushel on oats, ad pt lead on oateal Id. per bushel onbarley, autls. erquarteorgeyZptan beus, Indian eoar wras in fair demand, but no0t QUOablyhighger inprice; nor was there any chang of -omant made in other articles. To-day the trade is quiet in demand, andno chanige ofvalue isaany arJele. NOTTIGIANJA. u2. Out-door farming opertions are agai suspended, in consequence *I severe frosthbaving set in onk Wedrneady 2ebt, and eoutinuedlwithout intennisledn to the preeet time. To-day at our narket we have bad a s'hot supply of wheat, In Improved condition, for which there wer many buyers, at an advance of fully 2c. per qaarter. Barley Was also Sc, per quarter higher, with a vmaullsupply. Oats and beaus maintained their value, Wheat,white, old, E8s. to92&,per SCstone new. nsc,tolls; red, ol,. 3sI. to Ms.; new, 76g.to Sic; barley,formalting, 38s.to di.per quar, tet; forgrinding,ZSa.to3sC.per3Stodne; oats, old, Zi&tsSoils,per24: aoWne; new, its, to Wse,; foreign 30s, to I3s.; beans, old, SIr to 57e,. periEstone; new,41s.to Sic,; Jtour, super, G2Lstofs, peti2o stone. fue, dIr, to Cia. AfteraCEF~ JA. 2 AtrfortniVghtsusesnble micldnecis the weather has. heroie very frosty. We have had tolerable supplies of wheat at ou local markets at advanced rates. The demand for fat stockhasbLeenbea and last week's rates have been maintained, At our corn-markiet to-day there was a fair show of wheat; the0 aLttendance of faLrmers was tolerably numierous, The transactions in. wheat were limited, in consequence of the high rates -which were ask-ed' by famers;- an advance, however, of 2s. to Sc- per quater Over the quotations of last weekc was submitted to, In barley there Was no much doing, the advance of Is. to Sr per quarter which farmers insiSted On checking sales In oats there was no alteration, Beans; weeIs. per quarte deaer White wheat, 78,. to g7s; red, lIe, to 6i.;baLrleY, Gsa. to 41s.;oata, 30i. to ifs.; beans, 4s.t to 59g. per quarter. Fine flour, 59g. to0 CW; secnds, bSiC to Wi.; thirds, SSe, to W6s. pet 20 stone. At Market Hlarbocough theme was a fair show of wheat, for which farmer asked high rates. 31illers, however, would not purchase for mor than 1etweek' Prisec In barley, oats, and beans ther wa no alteration. White wheat, 73s, to 75.1s. red, 72e. to 7ig.; barley SOs, to 3SEc.; oaits;46s.to ifs.; beans, Skc toSTs. per quarter. Attoughborough wheat realized Is. to 2s. per quarter mere mnoney; thanlast week. Thiere wasa gooddemaudforbarley,at.andvance o Is. per qiurter. Oats were scarce, and uuderwenit no altertien in price. Beauawere Is. per quarter dearer. At Molten Mocwbray the quotations were-Whitec wheat 76, to 78g.. redl, 74s. to 76s. ;barley, 145, to137s.; oats, 32s,to 40,.;- beaus, 54a,to 5Gs. per quarter. DERBY, SAXI. 12, The frost has again at in, and during the latter part or the week the wostherbhasbeen very sever, ithyartia onw. Out-door operations; wil sooenbe at a stand. There baa this week bein an advance In our leealwheat-a3rkiets, F'atstockLhasbeen in good supply,and, as therm havre been no arirvals here from Ireland, the show has been principally from the neighbouring grarters. ThieVpicof beef is d.to6OjL,per lb We havehad good oupplies of sheep, with a flt demand. Mutton, 6jSI to 7d. Pe-rlb. ; calves are sarare, at 7d, to7ijd.per lb. At oDUr cern-market yesterday theme was a good show of wheat. The attendanceof farmers was numemous. In wheat therewmanatolerable business transaetet and farmerssueceeded in getting on advance of Is. Per quarter upon last week's quortations. Barley was a fairsupply and the turn higher. In beau and eats there was not much doing at the prices of lat week, OIld whito wheat W2g to 81g.; new, aI to Mic; old red, 78s. to Wls.; new, 79s. to 8ils; malting baryley, BS&, to 42L. per ipmpeial meaur; grinding barley, 35e, to 3Gs. per SS stone; old Oats, 32s.to 34s. ; new, 28s. to 30s. per 24 stone ; cad beans, 56,, to 5Si. ; new, 7sT. to lOg. per 18 stone; flour, 36s. to 56e.; saper ditto, WOs. toC62s. per 20 stone. LnTcon?, ILC 2 We have during the last few dass had due, seasonable weather. Should the frostcoentinue,.out-door labouorw wilon be suspeded, The young wheats have received very little injuuy from the severity of the weather. The fat stock- market has not mucht altered in prices. At Peterborough the traderuled dull, beef realizing is. to go., and perk 7s. toi7s.46d.par stone; mu-ton, Cd. to 7d. per lb. .At Lincolu the demand for fat stock- Was verY inactive, and beef made 7g. to ES, per stone; mutton. Cd. to 7d. peu lb. At Boston the supply was much greater than the demand, The price for beef was unaltered; mutton, 6Ld. to Cit. perilb. Atitewark, the trade was sluggish, and beef and meut. ton ealized last week's rates. Atourcern-market yesterday there was a,good supplyaofwheat and a fair attendance of farmers and milers, Thcformeraskcdhighraies and suemeded in obtaining an advance of Is. per quarter upon the prices oflast week, at which rise a brisk trade was done. Barleya email rhow, and unaltered in value. Oats and bean wem in limited supply,andeachof thowearticlesmaintainedlatoerates. White wheat, 2s. tos.-; rcd,8ODs. to 83s.;greindin, 3ts. to lCs.; malthig, 33S, to 2si.; oats, lOg,% tolls.; beans, SOs. to 5si. per quarter. AtLouth tire wheat offering at market vra mostly in bad rendition,' and samples of this description were Is. peLr quarter cheaper than laA week. The best sorts celized l&as wceeks prices. Barley,oats, and beans were the tuan cheaper. White wrheat 745. to Tot.; red, 71s. to T2s. ;barley. Sir, to 42g.; oata. 27s. tolOs. ; beaus, 45s. to 51perquarter. At Upplagham the quotations wrere-white w'heat, ME to $0O_.; red, 74s. toT76s.; barley, &5c- to 39s.; oats, 27a,to 32s.; beans, sos.to ig.per quarter. At Boston there was a fair show of wheat. The transactions wrere, however, limited, in consequenice of farmers asking extreme rates. lUltimately maillers submitted to an advance of Is. So 2s. pe quarter upon the rates of last week. In barley theme was no alteration. OAas werel,.per quarter dearer. In beans and peas them was aredunti:on of Is. Per qUarter. White wheat, SOc. to 82i,.; red, its. to M7k; barley, ICc. to 38g.L Oatsi, 22g. to lOD.; benlus 46,, to 47c. ; peask 36c, So Cag. per quarter. At Alfoctl the wheat trade ruled Amn at the prices of last week Other descmiptions of grain realized last week's sates. VWhte Wheat, 76s. to79s.;. red, 72s. toi74s.; barley, 36s. to 3s. ; oats,2123s.So 2Gs,par quarter. At LYnn there was a tolerable supply of 'wheat~ far which farmers askLed high rates. The best descriptions advanced fully is. per quarter. nlaeriorsorts realized ladtweek's rates. Inbarley,oats,and beans there was voZ-little alteration. White wbeat, i7s, to 82s. ; red. TOe, to u2s.;, barley Zis. to 42s. per quarter. At Spalding much of the wheat at maLrket was in inferior condition, Per the best descriptions the trade ruled firna, and Is. to Ba per quarter mnore inoney wras obtained. Indifferent sorts obtained last week's prices. In barley and beans them was no alteration, Oats were Is per quarter dearer than lastweek. At Kewark- wheat reached 2sa per quarter mbrenroney thanlast week. In other desRcriptions of groin the prices, were unaltered. White wheat, 84-g. to 865.; red,~ M2 toSS2s.;- maltinghbarley. 39s. to 4Ic.; grindiDg barley, 35s. to S7it; oats, OS. to 3Os.; beans, Sic-to SIS& peas, 48g. to SOs. ; fern,% MO to 72s, per quarter. At Sleaforitthe market was wel uzppliedwith wheat, and thetrade sulediHlcakat the quotations oflast week,. In barley,oats,and beans there was no alteration. At Gainsbomugh the supply of wheat was good, and the demand improved at an advance of 6d. to IL. per quarter over the rates of las week. Inbarley the traderuledactve,at slightly improved rates No alteration ineotherdceeriptions'of grain. DONCASTERt, SA-e. I2t W-ithin the Last three day-s we have bad a recurrence of fret, and smow, probaebly the commaencement of a storm such as often sets in about this period of the year. The ground is too thinly covered with, snow to protect the young wheat sufficiently if the weather should p-rove vroy seerem; but in ali other respects the change from the late warm and clamamy atmosphere is accptable and beneficial, The late froetmade some havoc among the whito turnips, great quantities of thoin having been thereby rendered unfit for sheep and eattle. Omr local markets have in consequence been. hieavily supplied during the last week or two, farmers and graziers fearing to encounter the probable seartity of keep which may he expected to he felt before spring. Since last Saturday the corn trade in thsadistzict has been somewhat varible, but the general tendency of the wheat trade, especially towards the close of the week,hbaasbeen upwards. AtLyrds, Newcastle, and Hull. on Tuesday,animprovement wasfelt,-at theltatter place, where the show was small, to the extent of Icper quarter. Therewas also an advance of Is. per quarter at Sheffield. At Stockton-on-Tees, on Wednesday, from Is. to 2s. per quarter more was obtabined ; but at Ripen, on the following day, the quotations Werd-tho saMe aS lact week. At Enaresborough and Barnard CwUte -prices were stationary, whileatflelby(onM onday)wheat reedded2nvalue Cd.perlead.. On the wbolg. it Is evident that the trade in this artiele has recovered froemitsvrecent duinessandd eVepreavos. An ideasigrbopealt nao further supplies can bo expected from America for the presentt; an runfaourable termination of the peace negotiationsis also generallyapprehended; and, lastly, the chiange in the weatherhas improved the condition of wheat and rendereditmoresaleable. Onthe otherhandi, buyers have an imapression that the piresent higLa range of prices must sooner or later give way; they purchase as sparingly a5pDssible when the trade ls%fatt and all rush intto the market wheni there is the least symptom of improvement. The barley trade here bas experijenced another suddeni fluctuation. The prevalent tone of the advices from our disWtritmarkoetsupto'esterdaY chewedal'Mangor in thetrade, and in some instances adecline in the value of the article to theextent of is. per quarter; but at Wak-efield yesterday it took, the turn upwards, meotingwith aready sale at Is, per quarter moretrmoney. In beans, oats, andpeas the trade hasbeen about an average one for the season; allgooddspremorhas been eWsto sell, atxratherbetter rates; but other sortbahae netmovedoiff vey quickly, though they have notasuffered any quotable decline in value, except atlSltockten-upou-Tees, where a reductionof 3s. per quarter on eachkindtoekpisee,- At our market thbisnmrning a good deal of animation wras matifested in both the wheat and barley trades The reports from Liverpeel andI Wakefield made sellers extremely firm, while aperfect shoal of factors and dealers from the manufacturing digtrictawere ready to buy up twice the quantity of wheat wehadon offer, although theme was a fair average quantityonthestand. 'Wit'hinLuahourand ahalf from thej opening of the miark-et all the samples in the huilk were disposed of, andprobably many of those in hand, at an advance geneaalyof about 6d.1per bushel (4s. permi) Barley wasitnauredferwsithslmil araidity,. and, though.the show wasnot small, the best malting samiplesreallmed Ba. to Is. above the rates of last week.- Theme was also some anilma tion in the trade in other kinds of spring corn, and a general improve' mentinpricewag noted. Thefoliowing aeoar quotations to-day;-- Newwheat,8ir. to Ws.per load ofthree Imperialbushels; hue,3SIc to 3W. old wheat M9g to ils,; dne, 3s.c 6d. to 3is.;- bleud orni, Sic, to 2Le; Sne, 19s; xye, 2Osito2ilg; fne, 2c; newbeans,i8e,to ls.; fne, Sit; old beans, 21s, to ILs; peas, Is. to i7Ts; ue, 18s. ; naew oats, Ws. to29s. per quarter; dne, 3D& to 32S; old oats SsD to 31sc fdue, 32s to 33&c- ginding barley. 3hs. to 39;, eie, 40c ; maltingbarley, 4 O toils :f;e,j 2 toc Officl averAsnoe this day week:-Wheat, aSI d. barley, 395. 9d.; eats, 2:18 ld.; ye, SOs. Sd,beans, StS8tpeas, 42g 3d. WOIRCIESTE, J. 32. Our market to-daywas pretty weU attended, Lad price wm well supported -with anupward tendency. llish whe wheat, 9s, Cd. to IOt 2d. for new; 9sc Ii to lID 6d. for old; and 95 4a tO lOg. for red; malting baley, 4i 6d. to St 9d, and dlistlgs. 3,i to,. C,d. per bushe; new Englisb beanv Ce, to Cs. Id., and old C, 10. to 7s 4d. per buase; old English oAt4As,A. to 4-id. ; and new, Ssid. itol 6d.perS39lb.; iri4ic.3dto4c CUL; whitepeass ELdto6 7t E and gray, S Id. to CL ad perbuihel. The followingretans showtheavermpe pricd wheatinWorester marketfortse lat xir suceaeive years£ -- Average for theycea it50 .. . 2 0 peiqunter, iB,,IS5:....... .204 1 3853 213 tj ,S " , 1854.. 3127 ,, 2815 3 14.3!& At Kidderminxter mrket on Thursday, tere was a goadi ISppoi bl,eaiandbarreY.which sold at fully Is. pt q uater mare money than JAst we el4 : t ' , t At .rw~v _oa .rha ,eie abou ..t pe .ae = .e than las wsek; mslting bhaey tA t 4s. aL to te. 3d. perbutid I ad, Uts, tasL pee scoxe; new besan, lk, and ok, s. to 2s. pe It someelb. ; but mut of the train W Uisnatetcsmdltie, tsefra- - nothaving: the st in, The weather since Thusaa ha been @o4'L xaz dly., - GT)ETM JA. 11. We are maalnwthout any fesh importatlem of forign wheat dt cloocie, the oul forelgD graSn this vrcek bein 1TZ2 erb3 of wbaW, nromAlexandriiL WemmAsj gnquote mot descpticussofw at an advance, the warlike tedency of the nemws nfxming holsJes theirdemandstfretterprics English whiteweat, 78.to Oftfoc bes quarlities, Sandre, ie. toT. perqunter. Foreig as 7muIw:lnteic and white Gennese, as to 90s. pr 4801. ; ehoice Danue1 Sa to 8 ;Porrnin 87L. toOs;Brllo,o 7ktotfs.;and Shaubb Se. to 3k. Englih malting bauleB 39s to 40 per quarter; in ginding. 36e to 38k; rish, 353 tcs. gr-hbebas, Ste. to aft Per quter for old, and s to S5e.'for new; 4aptan, 4s, to Su;' and Frech, 5l2 to . Irish oat, 2 to S.orwhite, 2s toSs for black, and 30s to .fis for foreign. English, pa te. to Gs pge quater. Theweatber is againdagedtoSirafrostaftermsae than fortaight of cidweather. The mg whet look well, bt a fi of snow wold be benefidaL - -- The local markets have all been prety weli Kastaned ft, Chft^hm on Trhursday, there wasrta a 1all attnac,idisbl new w5 dulL. BEley in lair request, and mailtig asnpies IL VW quarterdearer. Pem a turninfavourefthebaer. Azodertede, mandforbeans andoats, at as meeles rates At Stownvotte&Woi the same day the average price of wheat ws l ILSycr qunaC an of barley, £15e. 3dL At Tcwkbsbury, enWe.dsdayterhewe a lge attendance of delers and a moderate tuply cf wbeat, at about last week'eprioms Oldwheat, 9s. SdL tlt.and nnew, 4t 4 * Se 3d Perbushel; mlting barley, 45. Sd to 5s and grindingt.3MU tot. 6.; Engliehouts, 3I. °d tots. 3d..and rish, 3L 3d.to4k. English beans, Es Ed. -to s. 9d., and foregn, 5s Ed. to Gs.; boing Peas, 7t to ftL 6d., and hurl 56 9d. to 6s per busheL. At Thombury monthly cattle-market enWednediy fetcattlea O atfulYlate avrcg.e rates Sheep ratherslow of sle, and Dipwn plentiful, and rather cheaper. The quotations wer,*6e-h ,-&OL to ais per cW.; mUtton, 6d. to per b.; lawn pig,t Fe l tolLkr scre. N SORWICH JA. 12. The weather has become much colder within the2 jtasy ortwo Lsetcveningtheru ws rthera seven frost, andhi toing a thih fal ofenos'. - The markets of this ditict have bee. dua for whea, but preTlio rates have been generally maintained. Barley has also sunPorted late quotatios In sme in s ana. Tance otf1. per quarter hs been obtained forthe bet Oats, beans, and pea exhibit no snatezaisltetiomL Here, t-ay, there was icreased firmness apparent. Whest met decidedly a more active sale, and an advance of Is to 2p: Der quarter wasgenerallyestablsbed. Barley wa also in better demand, at an. enhancement of Is. per quarter, and oats, beanrsand ea had amupwa tendency. Prices:-Wheat, whit (reighing 2b. to ESb.)I& to die.; ditte, red (weighing fklb. to 631b.). Mm to SMi: irsler matting tweigbing 521t. to 531b), Oe, to tIe ; ditto, distiling (seighing: 501b. to51ih.), 3Gs. toats.; ats, 30-k to 31s.; besnsr,.5e to 5Ste; pea (maple) ts. to SDL per quaute latest Averagec-Wheat, 2IW. quarte-s, 77R. 7d.; barley, .3,I quaters, 3e, Uld.; oats, C1 quarteM. 308.2d.; 3e, 20 quarters, 57 *,01IFTE2, JaLy. It The last few day aided by theweaber, which hasbrowghtwheatrto ha din much bettrcoditiontait had appeared of lte, have ro- duced a change-inthe-markeftofthedietrict, asreardsboththe exr tent of bunesandthequotation The samples being in fine order., themlcehave pchaed freely, ndprie forthisarticle,as well formestspringeornhaveadvanced. Intbis market to-day the pica Of wheat rose Is, to 2s. per quarter, good prels ecuring the latter, anda fair supply w petty well dears Off at these rates. Bareky too, was dearer, anibansandpeawcemorereadale,riaing in many instances an mroveentofls. Whitewheat, 2L,toPa red, 73e, to Sles: bley, DE malting quality, 3Ia to 4ks. mildlleand,. aR beans, 41&toa50s. ; uhiitpeas,54s to 5- Yesterday at Chencored wheatwasinlage uplyandfincoal.etion, but the mlm and merchants bought freey, xnd most of was taken off at an improvement of 2. eponlat wee-b quotations Barleyandbeam also sold freelyatis morefortheestparcelan! boiling pea wemr inquiredafter atratherbe terpeicee Whitewheat_ s to e. ; rd, 63. to 7Te Barley, S to 3Id, chevalier, 31s to 3s. Vinding, 2Ge to 3SI Partridge peas, 3 to 41U ; white, 40e.n WOe; boiling, 4k to SOs. Tick beans, 36St to 3l8e; mangan, 3tqt On Thursday, at Bishop's Stortord, the trade was vy active at,rise of Is. to 2t for wheat Barley a more ready sale at an improvesentO( ls.forlg qualities,and thetradein other rclmaoO3 animated than oflAte. The-Wm day, at Sudbury wheat W Is, to S, and bare lsj fthe potatoes tbatwere clamped and stored appear tokeepweaur them are few complsints heard of the effects of the disease amo BEADING, jA?;. 12. OnWedethesabhemwafbUenoraifidlwhasbf, succeeded on each night by a serefrsots The can, cert<alynake. the weahe m Mednable, and a continuation Ot itwil be higlbeneficial, as it wM tend lg to puify tbe lban OutrOf4o operations arc now neesrily 4arN d to & eccide 3k jsct. but emplo-mcut is fowd fee the ineparng the ammere.r for market. In the Con-Exchange to-da, thoeq the chief of the purcelswtn in bad condition, the demandwas very active, owing to the impred-. Stateof thetradeatLiUv a andatthegret metoolitsnrret Wales mored on quikly, and a fair clearaoe of the stands ws mdeSt n imProvement O Ms to 3r,, aud, in some intanos, eten perquartexinthe quotatiousof lstnek, taking into consideation the, qality of prels. Thepietoeyforwhitewheatr&agcdfrombfo to IfS, ani 9O per quater; and. rewhat fromm 76s. to s6e. per quwter. Woenoliocd mt very little oolbacy, orw fi sras is wanted for =na aonaer, butt ewrsa fair quantiy f tbe distiing and grind quala For the fonrer-nta thee ws an eagerness to hbc, yztC -allerrealised about ] per qUterore than last wee. There w alaunuchM anmatoniUnthemarketto obtain tbe ndsyar,intmedate qulities, and these alcunmandedaa h fgre-fuy as jMn chassobteinedfor theothera Kaitn bar sold at te. t- 44s . distilling, Xis tao . ; and arindig 31 toaS. Theremwa afaling tintbequantityog oats; stilitherowereo rIaicnttomeetthe demad. Tradewasrzthcr alogish; neerestheew~ priemsmsthe quea5 isbeore-v=, 2s. to S.35 for ol oats oaddS. tolsQ3,foenew. | BeAweroilh andm the sample otinne to.b F eftlnatDoSequ}t. fhre ws a uietness in thetadce, scl eofgheing bA t tornexttan e ntreq mente. The tee lastweekwsre supported. Prices-1 (gih) s to St; new, t to etSs; andthe Egyptlancold st40s to tes Foe pea, ithwhich the stands were tolerably wel filled, te r s- sacly any inquiry, aud the quotations were stionary. Bet uito - for boiling sold at 4&k to Ste.; and the gray, or inferior pe,, at. 4DL to 4k. AItho-igh theidee fweathsadvanred, wohave to note A decinein the quotations for fot to thel extent of3s. per mck, vhic teoaPlace an Tuesday. Several week the wheat-markets decliii, butno riAtionWsmmade bythermiUersinthe tems for four, but i)a thereductionbas tkenlae Thepriceforhouseholds is UiZ;asu& for ecomds, Ifs. Persack of 28tb. Theodicialretursforthelatthreeorfour weeks have Lhw thet dininutionuwhichas gradually Occurred in the supply of whtt, and fromn which may ,eathered the notion that thr stock of ourfarmesaregettiUgahort Fortheweekendingthe 5th oa January the qAantity sold s 1,01 quartes for 3,83 tis,. at an average of 77. bid. per quarter, being 1 197 quartersbelow that disposedaof at our aket - a month ago ansdthemoney pibdeing £3,343 ite Of barleytherm- enre sold 17 quartewrfor 1,784 artan average of 3G 6d., erels Iesthan the former week. Atkbingdon on3tonday' wheat waslel perquarter tdearer. On Tuesday at Wokinghnnc wheat advanced Se., andha rley ls. per quauterz and atFaringdon oa the samne day trade was fi ad dearer. Oct Wednesday at Hungerfresrthetwaas2 higher; wan at Rr and hfnidonhead there wa an upa-ls tendency. On Thurdy at Kewiburywheatwsse.to Itand harley Is Per qater higher. On fltday at Wallingtordwheatwas I.to Sr andbarley Is. pler quarter; DJBLIN, Jare. 11. There wsa v ery poor supply at all kinds of grinast our Corn-Ex-- hangeto-day. Themarketeneralywasratherfmer thana of late, and we note wheat Ed. uan oats 3d. dearer than on lTuesday. Balemoved off slowvly a t about fteAt day' crrenire. Screy a transci2 took place inludian con, and our quotations are nominal. Wheat, white 43,. aL. to tie Cd. IOatmeal .. lEe Cd. to Ifs. t;L 'Wheat, red Ste d to £h* Ed. IBskassf hour Its. oa. to 2!ie t Barley .. It. Dd. to 2; Ed. jBIndian coon, Oats ., aTM Pd.tr lUPPI . pertlOIb.. tVl e. outon5s.ta Retumn of Corn and Oatmeal sold and delivered at Dtbin ofn'-- xcha ge far the week enainrer .an. 1T
ROBB1DY AND OMPAGE AT SExmm .-One of the most serious outrages, accompanied by robbery whicb, Las oceurred in $heffieldforsome time past ,as pee oPrSiday evening last upon a beer's tave(ler, nameit George SilDr resi 6 a 28, Edgerton-street. Silk went mi. business to the Fr i Hot4 Washington-road, and leN. there aboutt 10 oclock in the evening for Sandersones beerhouse, in Younge-strk%et, where on going to the Frankja. Hotel, hehad left young friend who lives athisboue. For the sake of savpng a fewyrds in the distanlceeetu i :; down u narrow darl thorougfae miown as Club-garad& - walk. Fe met the watclnan near the top, and shortly afterwan.passedthreomen who were loiterna along -tbe path. Dhv-'stlyaIterpasin the men he receive a blow o6a theheadfrfbehind,=h!.h ellea 1pnelmentothgou Wileinthissfite lhe ras robbed ofW~in. td, and sROtM few articles oftriiingvialne. No tco ntent ih Iaing th axa sen-eless on the aroud And deprivingbim ofbis mone y, ro,ber injured him considerably about the neck by throttl him, end inflicted upon him two aevere staib, a renly ithapnkafe-neAbout two inches below th ilM_ aboidebiae, andthe other on the right side of tl:e abdo-; alin. il re~ve~1his consciousness ina. abort time, &An wit grat imeltyreached sanaerson!s beerhouse*, 'uiiiel is etfrm 20 o 0yards from the place where hie waw knocked down. Ou entering the beerhouse he smaks -~ baiTe O achair, andwas conveyedomeina cab. Mr. Jnes Gregory3 surgeon, as immediately aent for. n wvla*d thougil dep, were found not to barve penebtrati any part. Theann,hiOwever, lain a very3 dangetemu state. The watchman who hafrnt met Silk aw n-eo3i oeftheobbei, andthe pewithotLt atatie thei tentionof any one inte ZigabourLood, though eerIoue *ithiri afe*wYu* eof *eeUe herthe CT trag wMa committed, -
&OKYBY-AKIREand gYIYTELLIGENjYE. Saturday Evening. 'fl.e English funds opened this morning at the depressed prices of yesterday, axd a rEght improveunent whichitook place'before the officialclose wias iot mraintained in some trsactions which took 3place after regular hour Consols for monLey were lrst quoted 85 to j, and the lat authorized prices -were 8$5 to 86 for money ana 86- to i for the 7th of FObruary. Subsequently bargams were entered into for the account at 861 to J. The operations throughout the day were altogether nnimportant, and there was a complete absence of news. In the Stoek-Exchange money was, in fair supply, but the 3ank returns contributed to the feeling of dulness, mad, in the absence of any large arrivals from Australia, the expectation is daily increasing of a further zdvance in the rate of discount. Bank Stock left off -at 2515 to 207; Reduced, 86k; New Three per Cents., 86k to 1; and India Bonds and ExchequerZIls, Ts. to 3s. disomot. In the M1incing-lane produce-markets this was the -settlingday for sugar and indigo, and, in conse.quence of the extraordinary fluctuations during the past month or two, some anxiety was felt. The -payments, however, were extremely well met, and -everything passed off without any sign of difficulty. Foreign securities continue with a tendency to -decline, and prices generally were rather lower. The transactions in Turkish Six per Cents. were at 48O, 79q2, 8Oa, and 1. In the Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip the bargains were at 4k and .1, and the knal quotation was 4i to A discount. the other peratons comp -Bzian, small, 9WI and A; :Peravian, for account, 74; RuBssian Five per Cents., S5; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 86; and Spa:zish New Deferred, for account, 21?k, i,and i. The final p rices of the French 5three per Cents. -on the Paris Botuse this evening were 6Lf 60c. for -money and61f.8Oc. for the end of the month, ShOwig a further unfavourable movement of more -than five-eig,hths per cent., makiing a total fall of 4sbout 3 per cent. within the past fortnight. Letters from Elsinore of the 8th inst. state that -the weather continued mild, and that a numnber of -vezsels with coals and salt had proceeded to Riga -and ReTeL An American ship and two fruit ships fromn essina had arrived at Revel in five days from Copenhlagen. Another American vessel, the '!elegxaph, from London for Revel, was reported in -the Cattegat. The apathy of the allied Governinents, in having taken no precautions against the -robabilities of a mild season, and the consequent ,continuance of open water, is a subject of general -remark. Advices from Memel give the statistics for the 1)mt year of the Russian exports and imports carvxied on through that port, and demonstrate that the Araffic, the profits of which constitute one of the in.ducements for the complicity of Prussia in the prolongation of the war, instead of being check-ed, is largely increasing. The quantity of lilax exported was 47,000 tons against 32,230 tons in 1854, and of inlow 25,140 tons aggainst 15,5M0 tons. Hemp nshows a moderate diminution, the totals being 27,930 tons against 20,510 tons in the preceding year; but this is attributed to the amount of the supplies already on the market. With regard to the goods sent into Russia, the totals last year were 6,466 tons of cotton, 4,821 of sugar, ;X6 of indigo, 4,216 of oil, 2,093 of coffee, and 532 -of rice. Iniaddtionto these, all kids of munitions -of war are stated to have been forwarded acress the frontier with such perfect connivance on the part of the Prussian authorities as to have reduced the current prices for them to a point in many instances ailmostsap preaching those of times of peace. The -port of Enninrs.burw has likewise, in itvs degree, been *characterized by cor~respondingactivity. The stock. -of goods. in bond at MNemel on the 31st of last month are stated to have been :-Hiardware, 117 tons; wine, 52 tonsr; fruit, 40 tons; spices, 64 tons; -coffee, 45 tons; rice, 98 tons; tea, 108 tons ; sugar, ( tons; oil, 98 tons; salt, 2,500 tons; and herrings, $,020 casks. The railway meetings of the week have presented few facts of interest. The dividend declared by the London and Greenwich Company is at the rate of Xs. 3d. per share on the unprivileged shares, and the rental from the South-Eastern, it appears, has reached its -niaxinmutm point. The inhabitants of *hrewsbury and of Montgomery have passed resolutions in favour of the Shrewslbry, Hanwood, and WeLshpool project, which, it is stated, will afford <reat accommodation to the neighbourhood. At a =neeting at Cowbridge the merits of the Cowbridge and South Wales Junction line were favourably entertained. The inhabitants of I,args will, it is -aserted, support the project for carrying out rail-way comniunication from Dalry to Largs. The specie arrivals of the week have amounted to less than 100,0001. The exports have included the whole of the large qouantity of silver brought by the last Mexican mail, apart from minor sinus. The Champion of the Seas, the next mail-ship expected from Australia, is now 79 days out. In some further proceedings connected with the recent trial on the validity of crossed checks in the -Court of Queen's Bench yesterday the Court most -distinctly confirmed Lord Campbell's ruling with regard to the existing law, and hence the mercantile community must understand that the practice of -crossing checks affords no protection whatever angainst any persons of ordinary acuteness w-ho my wish to misappropriate them. In the list of banking firms who have this year given e.xtra sums to their clerks, that of Miessrs. HEankey was included for 1,0001. This is stated to -have been incorrect. The annexed information in relation to tlle progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the Mi,ing Jotonial- "Notwithstandin" the decline in the funds, and the general uneasiness felt in regard to the money-mark-et, a Zed amount of business has been transacted in shares, :<ividend copper mines and those approaching a dividend tate being mostly in request. The Laxey Company have paid a dihidend of 501. per share. At South Wheal Erances meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 5,5991..; a dividend of 10. per share was declared. At the Mining Company of Ireland the accounts showed the profits for the half-year, after paying considerable sums for permanent baprovemnent, Mwere 11,6161., out of which a sun of -4.154. waS paidfor the ands on which the companyhas ben iorking its mines at Gaendottugh, leaving a sum of Z,462?., from aichadiidend at the rate of 10 per cent, for the yeareasdeclared. AteWheal Unitymeeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the none of 213L At Treasury U anited meeting th e accounts showed an unfavolr;ble balance; a caUl of 3!. D,er share wias made. At Crecghrawse and Penlkevil Umlted meeting the accounts ~shov-ed a balance in favour of the mine of 3C61. At Wheal Gihnar meeting the accounts showed a balance ysgainst adventurers of 9821. ; a call of 20s. per share was made. At Lamherooe Wheal Maria meeting the accounts -showed a balance against the mine of 9-6. At Union Tin 3lniuo meeting the accounts showred a balance at bankers' e~f 151., and ahalance of liabilitiesoverassets of 447.°12. 9sd.;d n call of 3s. per share was made. At the usulal quarterly .account of Camel Quarry the e.xpenditure for the last three months wias duly audited, and the balance of 2301. odd carried forward to the credit of the comrnpany, which, with -the amount due on the- slate, was more than suwhlcient tohy -all the outstanding liabilities of the company. It was deter mined, however, to PrOsecUte the work-s with vigour. and a call of 2111. per 32d share wfas made for that purpose." WVithregard to foreign mining the subjoined is The only paragoraph of interest: "In foreign mines the market has been quiet throughout he Eweek. Although prices have been fully maintained, the epnlytransaction recorded yesterday swas in St. Johndel Mey, at 23. In consequence of the very favounable reports from Jamaica several transactions have taken place in the Clarendon Consolidated lining Company at par to 1 pm. Mhe Clarendon Consolidated M1ining Company of Jamaica have received satisfactory accounts from the miner. At Ztamford-ElU the lode in the 22 north, east of shaft, has become more settled, and is 2ft. wide, vith good walls, consisting of ilookan, spar, iron, green carbonate, and occasional spots of copper ore. In the 35 norh, east of shaft, a great improvement in the character of the lode had taken place. Tlhey expeced to have from 12 to 16 fathomsto drive before t-hey met with the shoot of ore ground gone down froam the 22 ; hut, although they have only driven as many feet, they bve intersected the lode upon the hanging vall, the side being composed of light porphylr, iron, flookan, and spar, with red and black oxide and ye.ow copper ore. In a few Tathoms furtherthey expected to meet with most important resulta, the particulars of which would be immediately forwarded. The ground throughout was most favourable for ulriving. Native labour was procurable upon very easy The Emigration Commissioners have advertised or a vessel to proceedto Melbourne, tobe ready for reengers bvetween the 25th of February and the ,3dof Mlarch nest.
THZ SIUPPnG A QuzmxsTowH.-For 30 years there haver not been so many British Khip3 lying Windboond andfororders in Qaeenstown harbouraaat presentand for neasly a mnonth bZck. They appear to be jammed up eme again5t the other, from Pasage down to Camden Fort. 1'Mhey nmr.mer over 300, with about 25 foreign shipe and 5 hnen-of-war, manned by over 4,000 seamen, of whom 2,700 tie British merobant sailors, 300 foreigners, and 1,600 sten-of-war's-men. The N.E. wind, now set in, i3 slowly jAcariig them out.-Cork ipester. CR-S AL AiPAL .-FrvE S LLGD)AY, Saturday, Jan. 12, 1&86.-Admissons on payment, 57 ; ditto, by pe3 tickeO 742. ToI vsitors 806,
BAIZWAY AND IZHINN SHARES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market has been heavy with a limited amount of busines& At the close there was an increased tendency to depression. Scarcely any operations took place inthe s;hares of £he Australian land and banking companiies, but prices were fairly supported. There wsno alterathon in Canada land or Crystal P1aace, and miscellaneou descriptions were generally neglected.
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. 1ONDON AND SOUTr-WESTEPN. I a Apeciai meeting of this company to be held on Wednesday the directors intenditosubuiit two projects for carrying out the pledge given to Parliament m respect to the construction of an extension line to Exeter. One.of the projects is a line, 56 miles in length, from Dorchester, tid Axminster, to Exeter, at an estimated cost of 700,000?.; the other is for a line, 50 miles in length, from Yeovil, rid Axminster, to Exeter, at an estimated cost of 600,000?. The directors, in their report, recommend the latter scheme, and by way of equalizing the outlay they propose to give the odd 100,000t. to the Salisbury and Yeovil Company, with a view to enable them to construct their line from the South-Western line at Salisbury toYeovilatanearlyperiod, otherwise the proposed Yeovil and Exeter recommended by the directors willU have no communication writh the South-WYesternllailway. Should the Salisbury and Yeovil Company, which is to form the connecting link, be unable to raise the money to constract the line,it would appear from the report, an abstract of which has appeared in T7e Tinzes, that the South-Western directors contemplate helping the promoters of the Salisbury and Yeovil line out of the difieulty, and eventualy making at at the expense of the South-Western Company; although they do not say so in their rep)ort, the tenour of it is to !that effect. The question for the sharehsolders to consider appears to be not, as stated in the report, of a line from Dorchester to Exeter 56 miles in length, and of another from Yeovil to Exeter 50 miles in length, but of a line from Salisbury zid Yeovil to Exeter 91 miles in length. They admit that both lines are about equal in point of local traffic, which is believed to be] small, and o; which no estimate has been furnisher. There is already a broad gauge line from Yeovil zidDarston to;Eseter, and if the Salsbury and Yeovil Company can make their line that would complete the commumeation between Salisbury and Exeter, so far as the district and public are concerned, without any expense to the South-WVestern shareholders. If the policy pointed out by the directors be followed, the result wil be in the first instance the making of aline from Salisbury to Exeter 91 miles in length, and afterwardsf ,ith a view to protect4the interests of the company in the Southampton and Dorchester Railway, a ine trom the latter place to Axminster, about 29 miles, there to join the other line, making together 120 miles of exteniion railway. This at 2,0001. per mile, which would be a very moderate cost for South-Western branch lines, would amount to about 1,440,000?; The additional working stock would be at least 250,000?., so that the total outlay would be about 1,690,0001. The cost of the branch Enes of this company is involved in some mystery, for, after the completion and worlking of the main line from London to Southampton, and of the extension to Gosport, together 93 miles, the cost averaged 28,000?. per mile, including working stocd; but, on the construction of 161 miles of branch lines, which were subsequently added to the system, the cost appeared to be at the rate of 39,000I. per mile, the main line averaging 28,000. per mile It was asserted that the Southampton 'and Dorchester line, 60 miles in length, ouly cost 16,0001. per mile, leaving the remainin- 99 miles, after allowing 1,000,000?. as the cost of the two iles extension to Waterloo-road, something like 44,OO. per mile. The company have 271 miles now in operation, at a cost of 9,013,9121., being at the rate of 3,2591. per mile on the whole. The estimated cost of the Salisbury and Yeovil line, for vhich an act was obtained in 1854 for a single line, providing land and bridges for a double line, W5s 400,000?., with borrowing powers of 133,333?., making toether 533,333L. The same Ine wras authorized by Parliament in 1846, to be mande at an estimated cost of 8'75,000., with borrowing powers of 291,6661., making together 1,160,666.; and-ne doubt if the money had been forthcoming at that time, or before the powers of the act expired, that sum would liave been expended upon it. Shbed it turnOut, however, that the line cannot be completed for the estimate of 1854, and that the original estimate of 1846 should be the righlt one, the shareholders will in that case be drawn into a very serious expense, which will he much nearer 1,800,000!. for the central lie to Exeter than the 700,000! proposed by the directors. All that Parliament requres the company to do, in compliance with the pledge, is to make an extension Ine to Exeter, and, as both lines are expected to prove equally unremunerative, the least of tw'o evils will be the line from Dorchester to Exeter, which the directors say will cost 700,000?. This line was esimated by Captain 3ioorsom a fewyears ago to cost 500,000!., and he then stated that resDonsible contractors were ready to constract it for 490,0001., and to lease the line when made at 4 per cent. on that outlay. It is the opinion of some that the Dorchester and Exeter line can be constracted for about 400,0001. without shackling the contractor with a lease. IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS. ADn zr TOr nME rXmr DATen AS unDMP. NamDe oft ae . - v- a& £.s 86215 5 .. 770 13 6 Belfast and County Down, Jan. 6 2A2 1 0 . 22010 3 Cork,and landon, JanS..5251 16 3 .230 16 7 Core. lackreelr. sad Passa9e. Jn. 5 6190 127 10 0 Dablinausd efast Junction. Jan.6 .. 1,005 910 . 820 01t JDter%cstNXafln 8rauch . ... . 99 0 0. 99 0 0 Dubain and Drogheda. Jam 6 2-..,177 12 21 3 11314 01 Dublin andinJstewn,.Ja 8 - . .. 85 4 8 .. 947 6 3 Dublin and Wicklelw. Jaa s .5 305 11 4 .. 15715 10 Crest Southem and westem, JanS S 4490 17 9 44 93016 8 Irish South-Eastern Jan. 5 . . 23818 1 30610 0 lilaroeyJunctionJan. 5 .. 209 3 5 .. 201 7 7 Mondonderry and Enni,kMen, Jan. 5 5 2 0 6 508 9 2 Midland Great Western, Jan. 6 .. 3,250 1210 .. 2,5i 15 5 Weary,- Warrenpoint, and llostrevrer Dec.30 ......... .. .. .. . ' 4 4 0.. 0 55 0 0 *WateaiorJandl6C.....ke .. .. .. .. 1,241 2 9 .. 1,271 9 9 W bforadmacd ilk:enay, J1.. 264 6 4 1.224 511 WaterfordandLimrnicL Jan. 5 .. 913 1611 . 75519 6
STATE2 OF TBADE. 31flCHESTEE J'AN. 12. The slightly easier state of the Liverpool cotton-market from week to weel-, consequent on accounts from the United States giving more favourable accounts of t'ne new crop, have hd some effect upon the prices of yarns in this market during the week, and most kinds are now id. per lb. (and in some cases rathermore) lower thin they could be bought before Chrisaas Theyarns which best sustaintheir value are the hard twists, taken for the Levant. But forthe extensive pre-engagements of spinners on contracts entered into some time back, it is probable that we should have had a still lower range of prices; for, in addition to a declining market for the raw material, the price of discounts is again very materially crippling business here. Not only are discounts high for short dated paper, but the long dated draughts, which are common here in the export trade, cannot be melted at all, and many who are in this position, as well as those who cannot very clearly see their way through the vague fears engendered by the war, are holding back and exercising great caution in their operations. There is about as suchn fear among some men now that the war may take all the gold out of the country as prevalled here a few years back lest the gold discoveries of California and Australia should depreciate its value very materially. There has been a moderate business in cloths, however, during theweek, though the market is far from having recovered the tor,e preilin before Christmas. Prices are rather easier iD a few descniptions of cloth, but in most kinds have hitherto been ather steadily maintained. BUIMINGRA31, JAX. 12. At the concluding meeting of ironmasters, held at Dadley this evening, the prices fixed at the previous assemblages of the trade were fully confirmed; and will doubtless be ez forced by the principal houses of the district during the easuing quarter. As usual, afterthe tone of the market has been unmistakeably ascertained, orders have been more freely given than when prices were m a state of uncertinty and the demand for nail rods aad bar. iron has greatly inereased within the last few days. It has been remarked, however, that these requirements have been chiefly intrusted to the first makers, who have already an abundance of contracts on hand. And this preference is scarcely to be wondered at, seeing the immnense quantity of inferior, if not absolutely bad, iron now produced by many of the smaler fims in South Staffordshire. The introduction of ironstone from a distance unsuited to the make of first clasg iron, even although mixed with native stone, is the cause to which this deterioration in the quality of a large portion of the South Staffordshire ifon is attributed. The great firms, however, avoid the use of pips made of questionable stone. It was stated to-day that the demand for boiler plates and sheets is not so great as it was two or three week ago, but still they are in considerable request for marine purposes. The pricesfor manufactured ironnow stand as follows:-Bars, 91. ; hoops, 10;. and sheets, 11g. per ton. These are umquestionably high rates, but, according to the account of an " ironumases," he has knovwn times when prices were much lowrer and profits much greater. So long, indeed, as bet cold-blast pig,s arc at 51. 12s.6d.; and hLot-air pigs at 41. 15s. (Lord Wad' prices), no great reduc. tion, if any, can be expected in the pnces of m alleable iron. The meeting at Stourbridge yesterday was well attended, and the prices of stone and coal were firmly upheld. Good ironstone is fetching 11 per ton. The threatened increase in the freightages on railways was here, as at previous meetings, freely discussed, although it cannot be concealed that the mineral proprietors of this neighbourhood wouid be rather benefited than otherwise by the exaction. The increase would be a serious drawback upon ore brought from a distance, and a proportionate advantage to tlhat obtained upon the spot. Judging, however, from the tenour of Mr. Rloebucks note to the iron and coal masters of the district, there is reason to hope, if not believe, that the London and N'orth-Western Company will carry out the project they; originally entertainek In the course of a few days the matter will be determined. There is less doing in some of the heavy iron foundries of the district than a few weeks ago, and, wvere it not for the requirements of the war, business in many establishments would be decidedly slack. One large establishment in the neighbourhood of Dudley h.as been compelled to reduce the number of men employed, and in others the men inthe foundries are not fully employed. Some short time since railway contracts for iron and general hardware gave a Eft lo some establishments, but at present there are few heavy 2ailvwy orders on hand; and the few schemes projected and likely to engage the attention of Parliament at the commencement of the ensuing session afford but a meagre protpect of any important demand upon the labour and ingenuity of our local machinists. Great publc works Ibroughlont the kingdom, which give employment w.hen in progress to our best workpeople in heavy ironfonnding appear to be well-nigh at a stcandstill. The military gun trade of this town continues brisk, and 1he best understanding appears to existbetween the Board of Ordnance and the contractors. There have of late been no new contracts, for, as the old ones are made continuous, and are execnted with great regularity, fresh agreements are altogether unnecessary. The operatives in all branches of Tower work are well employed, and there appears to be an entire absence of that uneaV feeling which prevailed in the spring of Last year. As might be expected at the present season, the hirding gun trade is inactive, but a considerable portion of the operatives have betaken themselves to Tower 'work, as the more constant and profitable of the two brnches. It must be confessed, however, that the account recently published in 27le Times, aud extracted from a North American!paper, with regard to the impoltation of nmchinery for the manufacture of musketry, has induced some little apprehension among our gunmakers. Generally, however, the competition is not feared. There has9 been little change observable in the condition of the various trades of the towvn during the present week Tinplates continue to advance, but notvithstanding the manufacturers of tinwares are busy, and orders, especially for the colonial markets, much better than customary at this season of the year. The manufacturers of husbandry implements have good orders on hand, and already the home trade in general hardware exhibits considerable improvement. Even the demand for steel toys and some descriptions of jewelry branches of local trade, which of late have saffered considerable depression, is brisker than it was during the latterp.art of the last year. Commercial men have now generaly resumed their journeys, and in the course of a short time we shall be able to speak with greater certainty of the condition of prospects of the country trade. So far reports are highly favourable, and hopes are entertained of continued improvement. Some returnTs issued during the present weel forcibly illustrato the conditon of the trades of Birminigham during the last year. The borough surveyor, in a report just made to the corporation, states that within the last year there were close upon 1,000 fewer houses built within the borough than there lere in the year 18;{, and upwards of 1,500 less tarnintheyearlS3. Thisodecrease in the period nased has not been confined to the boroumh proper hut has been observable in the immediate subnr%s, where' new buildings to an immense ex:tent have been erected of late years. This *hov.- most clearly that the middle clasrs of tradesmen, who are really the chief speculators in building Property, have suffered in no slight degree from the slackness of trade during the last year, w'ile, at the same time, this suspen. sion of building operations nmaterially damaged durig that period several branches of our hardwvare manufactures. The annualreportof the Birmingham Savings Bank has also just appeared, and gives furtlier Tmroofs of the depressed condition of the working cLases during 1855. The falling off in deposits during that year amonmts to about 1 per cent.,-not a large sum, but stillindicative of depression. NOTTtNGHAlIN, JAr. 12.. This week in the hosiery departments there have been a few transactions for the home sprnli trade, which seems to open dretty fairly. Yarns are firm price, woollens being a sha e Gearer. For lace a few home-trade buyers have been in the market also, whose selections are limited and operations very cahtious. It is, however, yet too soon to expect mvch to be doing. Stocks are small, and altogether there is a cheerful and confident anticipation of the future. In this respect there is a marked difference in the tone of business men between the prcsent time and this period last year. In taking a review of the year 1855, as far as the Lace trade is concerned, the most marked feature is the little variation which has taken place in that time in the character of the goods producing, and the almost total absence of any new mechamnal adaptation or invention. During the previous 40 years no 12 months elapsed without producing smportant changes-last year we seem to have been pretty nearly at a standstill; and yet, with machinery so peculiar as the lace frame, many important discoveries must be in embryo. In the year of the Great Expcosition in Paris it was thought something would be learned or suggested by the rival exhibitions of the sndustry of all nations, but hitherto, so far as the manufacture of lace by machinery is concerned the recent emulation has been barren of result. At the Crystal Palace Exhibition, in- 1851, though to some extent we were excelled by the French in the higher classes of machine-wrought laces, they were beaten by us in the quantity to be afforded for a given amount of money; from that thme, however, to 1855, our continental alieshave evidently exerted themselves to cheapen their produetionstogiveasmuch iswecan ofrmohey-and to some extent they have succeeded, as the late Paris Exhibition proved. There fore,thoughneither in Prance has anymarked improvement, adaptation, or change been made in the prinesplo of the lace machine, lacemakers there have been studying the art of popularizing their productions, while we have been standing comparatively still; and if we do not bestir ourselves we must expect them to become serious rivals in several of our most important markets. Last year, especially after the first three months, a good amount of trade vwasdone in plain nets. For silk edgings and blonde quillinggs there was a continuous large demand; and this seems likely to extend into the coming sprir, if not over the whole year. It is anticipated that the demand for Queen!s and aria quillings will scarcely be met; and that there will be a scarcity of fine silks for this branch of the lace manufacture is pretty certain, in consequence of the diminished production in. taly and Broussa. TheJlarge demnand for edang brought into useful operationi a class of miachines thahd beenlaid aside, and with it numerous smnallmachine-holder whose necessities created a larg p6mount of CUtting coMpe- titio. Puher oodsof te beter lasswere but-little - inquredaftr, ut or backlacs terehas latterly been mor inuir, ad . fir uanityofgood patterns were and9ilg trade to a wonderful extent.Thprcieo copyinggoo paterns and depreitn h ult~fgo -articles inalraostvebrnksspknoasdigmc injury by shaking h ofdneo ues n 85'h amount of busns oein th aetaewas more coni derable than in I84 an agrthan in the earlier part o -the year was anticiae. - Some further osrainare esrvea for the xep'ort!Dnn this day next week, ECSTR 2 -There is agoodadeal doing'i theofancy departments of the - ostr tad. anfatues reenagd n rearn a feaful amount of distress in the great overplus of ou'door poor over the number relieved at the correspondins .The lae advance in the pnce of wools and yanms is still maintained; tho superior xsorts of iarmerss' lots relied 32s. to S3s. per tod. The advance in goods is byno meas proportionate with the rise in the ra aterial, ich causes consnderable .complaining among our manufacturers. EES, JANa;. 1I There is no clange or other feature in the state of th3e woollen cloth trade since our bst report, requirng a lengthynotice. The trade seems tobe&graduallyiimprovin and there is a greater absence of complaints than is often the case at the commencement of anew year. The markets at the eoth-halls have been very fairly attended by buyers today, and a copsiderable amount of cloth chanrged hands. The demand doe? not appear to be for, any particular inud. but for all generally used kinds, and more for the true wool sorts than was lately the case. Prices are firm, and there appears no likelihood of their being lower for some time to come. Theworsted trade at Bradford has remaineasteadyall theweek, and there is some increase in the deman for yarns, but spinners complain that they cannot realize prices adgnte to their labour and the cost of wooL ilte report of the Halifax market to-day is to the effect That there is no alteration in worsted goods, buta slight improvement in yarns, with wools decidedlyfrmn. The local woolbrokersreport that there has been a better demand this week than last for both clothing and combing wool% and that prices aga fiDcLm The flax trade in Leeds is rather quiet, but a fair amount of business is doing, and this branch of manufacture may be pronounced to be as satisfactory as can be expectedL DUBIN,ig JA?. 12 We have little to note in the commercial transactions of the week. Business continues without animation, and the uncertainty which prevails regarding the war,-or, perhaps, it would be more corred to say the certainty which the publie now begin to entertain that the war will be prosecuted next spIng with more vigoun. and upon a more extensive scale than ever,-tends to derange the affairs of commerce and to hek- enterprise, greatly. to the prejudice of cominercial progress and prosperity. Corn and sugar, the articles which o late have en aged the largest share of public attention, continue exceedinggly flat. The Smithfield-market on Thursda was well supplied, but even superior quality of not maintain previous prices. The proion markets have been also lower than last week, but the reduction has not promoted business, of which very little has been transacted. The demand was exceedingly slack, and much of what had been offered for sale met with no purchasers. The Customs' receipts for the week to Thursday inclusive were 18,25W., against 13,0281. last week. The following is an abstract of dutiesreceived at the port of DublUn for the week ended January 5, 1855:- Tea. .£6~~X,415 1 3'5iPfrts £502 16 7 ieflued scOar .. 6"617 51 o b-. 3Z-6819 6 -Meo adosu 7 . 10 TimbS r .. 3S 2 4 Coffee -. no a 4' 30sce2aneous - 491 16 2 Wme.. 2,408 2 6s: The stock-market has shown no symptom of improvement in any sense of the word this week. Transactions have been few, andprices have experienced little alteration, if we cxcept a decline in the fimds on Wednesday of about 1 per cent., which wwa fully recovered on Thursday. ABsTrACTr OF REVEN-UE COLLECTZD AT TIE PORT OF DUBLax. Year ended Janury 5, 16i3 - . 22G645 4 9 1854. 9M2M7 18 6 1555 - S5j4s2a December31, 18 5 : 924' 18 10 3BE A ST, J&,. ILL Linen-The linen trade of ULster commences the year mndercircumstances verydifferent from those whichpresented themselves in January, 1855. - Foreign advices are pretty favourable; sales of goods during all the season just expiredweremn agreaterdegreele itimate thanhadbeennsual for the two previous years, and if profits were nominally less, they ultimately turned outto be actually greater, from the fact that in nearly all cases payments were promptly made, and the cases of failure were few. Stocks at present do not reach an ordinary average, either in the mark-ets for brown or finished goods. Exports were large all the season and those chiefly to order. The thread trade bas been active, and is at present in a very favourable position. American markets continue to absorb a great proportion of all the linen thread manufactured in this neighbourhood. The estimates of our exports of hnen and inen yarns for the year ending June the 30th, 1855, and those given for the year ending December the 30th, 1700, show the following figures:- 185. 1700. LInen cloth, yards ... 161,500,000 180,000 Linen yarns, lb.... .. 7,820,000 782Z0D The most remarkable feature in this account is the large! amount of yarns which, compared with the quantity of cloth, was exported from Ireland 155 years ago. It should beobserved, however, that at the earlyperiod naned nearly aU the linens woven in Lancashire were made from the yarns spun on the wheels in Ulster. In 1784 there were upwards of 16,000,000 yards of linen sent from Ireland, and about 4,000,0001b. of yarns. Brown markets have continued very quiet since Christmas. Even those seats of sale which usually show the greatest amount of activity 'have been estcallVi marked by dulness. Len arn.-We have no alteration to notice in -this article. Flax-The supply this week is much the samo as last, wvithout any alteration in price. In CooteilU 20 tons apreared, hand and miaed;liaUybay, 20tons; Cookstowa, 15 tons; Coleraine, 5 tons; onaghan, 6 tons; rh, 15 tons; Maghera, 8 tons; Aughuacloy, 50 tons; Tandragee 10 tons; Bathfriland, 5 tons; Balymoney, 20 tons; Dungannon, 6 tons; and Belfast 6 tons. Prices-hand, 6s to 8s.; and milled, 7s. 6d. to14s. per stone of lE4lb Cotton.-The movementsincotton have continued dull for the week, and, if any turn could bo reported, it is ratherrufavourable. Finished goods are not accumulating to any serious extent, but, as compared with the stocks held in September last, those of the present day showva larCe advance in qu.antity. No doubt, the uncertainty of public affairs, the tightness of money, and the dull asnect of the market for public securities, alU tend to affect the market for goods and yarns, and to give a heavy turn to general bsiness in this trade. While .such is the case we find no lacl of confidence on the part of manufacturers. Raw cotton is a steady sale, and the _arket for yarns is comparatively easy.
AiIL APPF.IS EXPBRIAEMN&L )3AVK-NOTB FORGEBRIES. rA1*.,rF;=ono1nt 1 TO THE EDITOII OF THE TIDES. Sir,-IIr. Appel hading this day in an eyxplanatory lettr of some len~gth to myself, in reply to mny direct and repeated applications to him-failing your insertion of my second communication to Te Times-positively declinea to Propose, I beg publicly tointisxmhate tthatXst I shal reity the publishedletters ad my own urther obervationson the subject of his " beautiful hut dyangerousinvention." I a rspctuly. ir yurobdant serAnt. R- TD1AW- -114 Sherborne-lan% King Wilhiam-stTeet, Jan. IL I Tobebad, price 41, postree, Of Dawonand Son.% 71 Cannonsitreet.
BAN)K-ZOTE FORGERIBS BY THE ANASTATWC PROCESS. TAA-+1---f I 'To THE ED1TO:91OF THE TIE,S. Sir.-3fy last letter to you on the abore subject was calded fortb, not for the purose of advertisi% my process, but because my veracity was publicly impugued- and as th letter of Messr. Perkins, Bacon, nud Co., which appeared in this day's Time, seems to have a siilr tendency, I feel obliged to send yor. a short statement of facts in reply. I have not thb slghtest recoeotion of Piessm rerldns and Co.'s apuEcations nowrassrted to hmvebee miade to me when I llustrated the l %ctiur at the rolytechrac Institution in 1852; but, as at that period I wasperfoetl,iurndatedby apprications from engravers and othesto testthesecusity oftheir met ods of printing, it s -quite possible they mayhave been theun clected. However, shortly afterwards, by desire of a committee of the louse of Commons, I reproduced some postage etamps, which passed undetected through thePst-ofice, each member of the comnmittee receiving an envelope franked by one of these fcti- Ineed hardly remind you that postage stamps -were then, nd are now, printed by Messas. Perkins, Bacon, and Co. from engraved plates. Again. in 3lr. GranvMe Sharp's "Prize Essay on BanI g," printed in 18;, those gentlemen can see theiro%n specm`en bank-note sucesafully reproduced, notwithstanding tho elaborate natureof e- gine-tumed and other workupoa it. I have longmade it a rulo to declne maling experiments for others, the result of which, though alwayss suecesful, baa bee to cause mea peouniaryloss by taing me from my legitimate business; but I yen. ture to suggest that Messrs. Perkins, Bacon, and Co. sbouldtestthe _ecurity oE thir engraing from iirtattion bysfoDloing the exampie of paess. Brernbh. an d offer a rewhirdeof and to any one who can suceas fof re suse it-ubit rhImelow Isaspuredly mnilaenterthe listes agesrs. Perkins, Baron, and Co. are in error inesfporsig that mry powversof tansferam con dnedto themlentsembraced byvthe anstatig atbet of 18. as since th tetimcerlhaesade mauy discoveries tlmong others the mppelstype process), by vhich I am able to produce results before unattainable. Inconetusion, alowmanto correct thensi9statementa regardingfthe potent papev. which can emade vhito and yet eqnallrprogectlre, and as a proof of its durability I enclose *aspecimen mannlartured trroyears .-go. and which I emcertain would remain unaltered for a centur. hSrrgeover, aMthoughl admiat the posbility of a doever chymistheing able to remnove the protective material, fromn it, yet I emphatirsllyn,. sert that h"the time be has done so he wIlhave left theenrWavin in such a coniitton as to rendferany transfer impossible, and consequently thesecuity ofthe paper is comnplete, In order to estabhish beyond question thr?tsuth of my issoertions r bg to eneloenforyour ispction some anastatieaosimiiroof hank-notes, checks, and railwy serip, bothi English and foreign, and among them the specimen note of hMessrs Perkins, Bacon. and Co. . I remain. Sir, your obedient serrant. . RUID)iH AFFEL. 43, Gerndremet, so1o, Jan. 11: -
. LRELAND. I (F(Ox ouxs oWN CORRr_PONwzYr DUBLIN, SATURDAIt XOnNfG, THE PR3s .AD MEEP PAPAL- IERDICTr. The promised conference of the Tenant League it anilnounced to assemble on the 22d inst., and will be attended by the faithful few-of th-Iris-h members wrho still cling to the hul of the crazy crafN, although mnorally certain of its speedg an inevitable shipwreck. But thia yea;r te co0nference wll,- it appears, Ibe shorn of anlother of its former attractions. No priest out of Dablin, according to the authority of the Katfon, iS likely heneforw d to put himself under interdict by attending political meetings in the metropolis ;- indeed, there :is hardly a chance of the platform being graced by the pre sence of the old farniliar black-Coats, Wose highxpirited oratory gave life to the dreary deliberations of the Tenant Leagne, inasmuch as the orgau repeats in the most solemn manner the disagreeable fact that every individual priest in the diocess of Mleath-the recognized stars' of these annual performances-who attended the conference in OctoDer last has been vominatim prohibited from tumbling on the political stage. Now is the time to submit or resist, says their prees monitor, and it is suggestedwhether ameetingmight not with advantage be held outside the diocess of Dublin "for the purpose of consulting, as to the proper course to be taken upon this last development of Dr. Cullen's policy." Pretty advice this from the all but official mouthpiece of the Roman Church in Ireland. So much for the declne of the clerical element in Idish ag,itation. The prospect of lay assistance is not a whit more hopefuL Hear what MIr. George Bowyer, the member for Dundalk, says :- " It is rain to think that in our present broken and scatterea conaition we can exercise any real influence over the policy of the empire, though wc may obstruct and so defeat particular measumr of injustice or oppression. The truth muJst be spoken-wfe are powerless as a Parliamentary pasty. Ijet the people of Ireland and their representative, lock that truth steadly i the face. andprovide the remedy for this disastrous state of things. We shall meet Parliament ithout a leader, without a plan, sithoutrunion, without independent actioln" THE sExr QtIsMoN. The Dcrry Stand4rd-a stanch sticler for tenantright-contrasts the conduct of a leviathan ducal proprietor in England with that of an Irish country gentleman in their resnective relations with their tenantry, and, as regards the common-3ense view of the question, it cannot be denied that the Irish landlord sees matters ina far clearer light than the great English proprietor. At the annual dinner of the Tirkeeran Farming Society, M1r. W. Ogilby, of 3Kicatten, as president, delivered a speech, in the course of which he addressed the following sensible advice to the gentry and farmers assembled upon the occasion "That the farming interesbt (he said) has been benefited by the present war I thinl; there can he no doubt; but, as that benefit maynot be lastin-, I would adNise our farmers to be as economical as posible in everything, save in the improvement of their farms and of their houses and officehouses; and I think- I can answer for the landed proprie. tors, not only of this distridt, but of this county, that no advantage will be taken hereafter of anv permanent improvements made by farmers, either in the ands they cultivate or the houses they occupy. This I know is, and ever has been, the principle acted upon over the estates owned by members of my own family in this county ;and Iam very certain I can say the same for Mr. Beresford and the other gentlemen members of this society. I have thug taken the liberty of addressing a few words of advice to the farmers; let me now do the same towards the landed proprietors. I wrould anxiously advise them, for the peace aid prosperity of our county, not to takie advantage of the present state of things to, augment their rents; for vvho can tell when the curtain may drop, and a newv scene be presented to the vievw -such as the hundreds of thousands of tons of shipping now engaged in carrying the messengers of death to a foreign land being occupied in conveying the agriecltural produce of the world to our owrnshores? I believe most I3naly that the great trial of free trade in g rain is yet tc come, for what will the erport from the Black Sea dloneb be, when the mouiths of the Danube are deepened and its commerce set free, and a new order of things established in the dominions of the Sulta n-Eypt and Greece improved, and the Indian corn of the N.ewv World almost as cheap in the docks of Liverpool as on the -wharfs at New Orleans? Having long resided abroad, I know a good deal of the produlctiveness of the New World, and of the rival we have to contend against there; but does this nakee me despondas to the future condition of the British farmer! No; most emphatically, no. I believe that with an im. proved system of farming we shall be able to compete in ouar home-marlket with the prdcofaythrout under the rodnee of any other country )rEEIG OF rBRNcDs. The Irish bencthers met on Friday, in their private chamber, at 12 o'clock, and were engaged in deliberation until past 3. They were principally occupied electing a law lecturer to the Queen's mnns, in the room of Mr. Richard ?3FCausland, who has been lately appointed to a colonial judgeship. There were several candidates for the appointment, which was ultimately conferreed upon Mr. Charles Shaw, brother of Sir Robert Shaw ard the Riht Bon. Frederick Shav, the tRecorder of this city. Dr. Shaw is also one of the metropolitan revising baTiisters. The salary attached to the lectureship is 2501. per annum. THE QUEIEN'S COLLEGES. The at £iov noticing the decline in the number oE students who have entered Trinity College during the last two terms, attributes the falling off to two causes-namely, the failure of so many men at the East India ConcurTss, and to the fact of a few of the alumni of the Queenes Colleges succeeding in wining some of the prizes. Bult it seems that other causes are operating towards reviving the popularity of the provincial Colleges; for instance:- 'Thc Tmcs has lately remarked that the Irish Americans are flocl ng over to Galvvy and Cork. e are no; awvare howv far this may be true; but we believe it is certain they are not coming where they ought to come, to the Catholic University, where they would come if the right means were taken to bring them. Wlth the Whiggish ten.dency which has grown up in the Catholic middle cia-s mind, consequent upon the absolution extended by Catholic bishops to Catholic Attorney-Generals and -Solicitor-Generals, and pledge-breal;ng placc be -of aU descriptions, herewith has come a most formidable reaction in favour of the 'Infidel Colleges,' which we, perhaps, have peculiar facilities for obse g-we wo dedhared against them the instant the Synod of Trh'urles p'ronounced, and who may at least say for ourselves that we have ever since in good faith adhered to that declaration. Now, however, place begging is the fashion-place beggingat any price of faith or honour and the good government, 'always hostile to Cathoicty,' under which we lve, has made the Queen's College a Royal road to place and preferment-tries to manage our bishops on the one hand, and makes its loaves and fLahes a premium for disobedience to their statutes upon the other." DECLIKE OF CREI1 1l CORK. The CorF-.Eamni,er contains the following paragraph - " A circumstance as gratifying as entirely unprecedented took place at the openin; of the Cork Sessions yesterday, the Assistant-Barrister, Sergeant Berivick, having been presented with a pair of white gloves by Mr. Townsend, SubSheriff of the county, there being no criminal case whatever for trial before his worship. This is the fist tine such an occusrence has talken place in this city, and when the nature of the offences usually triel in this court is remembered the circumstance.sjealcs loudly for tlhe absence of crime in a district so extensive as the Cork division of the East Riding." Notwithstanding this fair test of the progress of tranquillity throughout an extensive district, an influential meeting of magistrates of the county of Corl;, presided over by the Earl of Bandon, and held on the same day that MTr. Berwvick received the glove, decided aginst a reduction of the extra police force by a majority of 44 to 39. TM VEATHEU. lWnter has at length fairly cominencedin Ireland. In Dublin and the provinces there was a fall of snow last night, and, as the wind is nearly due north to-day, we may reasonably expect a continuance of inclement weather. A Longford paper of yesterday thus announces the appearance of a meteoric phenomenon in that quarer: "At a quarter to 10 o'clock on Thursaay morning a meteor of very unusual appearance and magnitde, andat no gret elevation {not over 11. degrees), and visible for nearly ten seconds, palssed this town from v. to S. by W. wvith an oscillating nmotion anud a tail of great length. - Both meteor and tailappeared of abrilliant silvercolour. The snnhadnot made its appeance at the time. Thebarometer then steed at 29 degres, thermometer 26 degs; wind li . by E.; hard frost durnug the night." THE FUS. Three per Cent. Coasol 868 ; ditto, for aoun%t, the 7th of Februa-y. 86 j; New Three per Cent. Stoc 86 gA ; ditto, for account, the 7th oE February, 86 4 k - PAMk tck., 218 ; Dublin and Eingstow allway Debenturs, 4 per C,ent.,ef 100M, 97i; GrTeat Southern and Western, 5 Cent. of INN,0 994 ; Roya Enk of Ireland . 204; Cityeof DLblint team CoMmanyShares of- 136 S 28; l4lning Comayo ]:ead (71 ori),1i nan wiciiow (10'. iraid) 5i' count, 5 ; I,Iidland Great Wsen pi) o c paid), 484. - oa oil( LIVERPOL, Jan. 12.-:Eie United States 2nil steamer Baltc.Comstocket',nnander, sailed henoe toay vAth alargecao f a ogoods; 72pesnsuers, and. tha m-a ma6iL,
LOYDO'N, MONDAY, JANUARY 14, 1856. We conclude that the steamer now due from the Urnited States will at last bring the result of the contest for the Speakership, and we venttue, in no unfriendly spirit towrards our Transatlantic brethren to make the 'following observations on the protracted election for that important office. The newly-elected Congress of the United States met on the 4th of December, at a period when, if we are to believe their press, their orators, their Attorney-General, the deamst interests of the country require prompt counsel and vigorous action. The overbearing insolence of England, it is said, longs to find an excuse for intermeddlinig in the affairs of the Republic, and, after having conunitted the inexpiable offence of setting up the pursuits of reglar warfare as rivals in the eyes of New York Roughs and Rowdies to the more popular pursuits of piracy and bucaniering, the British Governmelnt cannot be brought to a proper sense of its crime, or to a state of more than superficial Tm Ten there is the present alarming state of Kanjsai, WVieClO th6 iaie Congress, which designiedly left it as a, battlefield between Slaveholders and Abolitionists, seems vtY lik;ely to be takeen at its word by the occurrenloe of some tremendous combat or some dreadful massacre. The crisis is urgent, the danger is pressing every day, news is expected of the commencement of the first civil war of the American Republic, and nothing but the most prompt and energetic intervention of the central power can, it is said, avert so lamentable a catastrophe. This was the state of things on the 4th of December, wlhen the new Congrqes p. tt to WM IThm generally supposed, on the affairs of the nation, and to apply by ise and energetic counsel a remedy to the peccant humours of the body politic. IUnhappily, however,'ILbefore this remedy could be applied there was one thing to be done, and that one thing was just the one thing wliich the united wisdom of the whole of Congress could not effect. It did not seem so very difficult, either. Greater obstacles have been overcome in the annals of representative government than. that which has neutralized so effectually the action of the House of Representatives. For three weelks they have done nothing except quarrel among themselves, but have not been able to proceed to business. The obstacle was the election of a Slpeaker. Spealerless Congress was on the 4th of December, and Speak-erless it remained on the 26th. Time after time has this weighty question been put to the vote, an(d time after time has the Clerk of the Houise announced that there is no election. The difficulty does not proceed from any obstacles thrown in the way of a decision by the forms and rules of the House. In this, as in so many other cases, the institutions of the United States are better than the spirit in which they are worked. All that the rules of the House require. is that the Speaker be elected by the majority of the members present, and it is with this plain and simple requisition that Congress has for upwards of three weeks been unable to comply. There are several candidates, of wrhom the chief are Mr. BANw;s, Mfr. RICreiDsoN, and Mr. FutL The first on the list has 106, the last not ten votes. The New Metropolitan Board of Works had a much more difficult problem to solve the other day, and, had they gone upon Congressional principles, might have spent their whole lives in an attempt to solve it; but they got rid of it at once by taking a series of divisions, and striking out the lowest candidate on the list, so that at last the numbers were reduced to a point at which one candidate obtained a clear majority. What was to prevent Congress, if it really wished, as it certainly ought to have wished, to go to work at once, from striking out the lowest candidate on the list on the first division, then gradually ascending to 3fr. FcnrLa, and at last deciding between Mfr. I Bsxs and M1r. RCHARDSOx ? Greater things have 'ben done with far less inducement anid necessity for doing them. Meanwhile the Presidential Message is waiting thLe termination of this endless election in order to see the light. The rPREsrDNET must suffer mulsh from the re-entering af such a mass of matter, into his system, and long fervently for a deliverance. The document is, moreover, by no means - easy to keep; a thousand greedy hands are stretched out for it -a thousand prying eyes long to peep into its mysteries. No griffin was ever harder put to it to guard ita gold from the Aimaspiaxr,-nc plover ever laboured harder to decoy the spoiler from its nest,-than does the PE snDE!, to keep his uneasy secret, and rerve the publication of his own Meage for bis ovt pli!,. And this is not the worst of it. Congress -stands still, but the wori& does not. From the 4th to the 26th of December is biit a brief period to represenfatives living at the public expense in the ease and comfort of the capital; but wlhen civil war is to be checked, piracy piut down, and ticl;ish foreigu relations regulated, three weeks are in thlemselves an age. A Mfessage fit to have been delivered on the 4th of December mnst require considerable change on'tthe 26th, and the poor PssDEsmTr must be perplexed writh endless touching and retouching. There is nothing in the. rtiles of the House of Cormmons to prevent such an occurrence as this from happening, not only at the commencement of every Parliament, but of every session, and, if nothing of the kind has ever occurred in England, it should lead our American brethren to consider how far they can expect benefit from institutions, unless theytake along with them the spirit in wlich they have been uniformly and successfully worked. The matter may appear to some as trivial, but we view in it a symptom of that disorder which, we fear, is rapidly gaining ground in the United States,-the uncontrolled suipremacy of mere will, and the indisposition to submit it to law and order. RaLtlher than appeal to compromise or conciliation, tho citizens of Kansas are sharpening the sword for civil strife; rather than waive the power they posseCS of obstructing the success of a more powerful party, the minority in Congress doggedly obstruct public business, careless of the serious injury they are doing to the interests and reputation of their country. That respect for the opinions of the majority which influences so strongly American society in private disappears in the House of Representatives, where it might most fittingly prevail, and the result is the unseemly exhibition on which we have jtLst been commenting. For oturseles, as Englishmen, we have no reason to complain of the delay, even if it should extend to a much greater length than at present seems probable. Every week of delay gives time for the popular excitement which has been so sedulously got up against tlis country to subside, and gives the PRsresm,r, at any rate, the opportunity, if he will but avail himself of it, of reconsidering any harsh expression which he may have inserted into his Message in the transports of virtuous indignation and the agonies of an anticipated election. Moreover, we feel perfectly satisfied that, had the Congress been disposed to second the prems of America in picking a quarrel -with us, they wouild hardly have suffered themselvez to be delayed by an obstacle so trivial.
Those who wish to dismiss uneasy thoughts from their minds will hardly see with pleasure a discussion on the history and prospects of railways. lVhether it be the shareholder who receives his F meagre dividend wsith a qualm, suspecting that on, sound principles he should receive nothing at all, dreading the worst asto the affairs of his company, yet fearing to press inquiry; or whether it be the passenger who has visions of rotten sleepers, worn boilers, deceitful bridges, and an insufficient staff, almost every Englishman connects disagreeable memories or anticipations wvith the great enterprises which were once proclaimed to be Britain's proudest boast. The money spent on certain railways may furnish to economists atheme as fruitful fordeclamation as the money spent on Walcheren expeditions or Austrian subsidies. If there be a skeleton in overy house, we believe that three-fourths of the domiciles in this land are hatunted by spectres called into existence by the hot desire for sudlden wealth which prevailed sonie ten years since. One who bears the greatest name in railway history has just delivered a defence of the system, wtlch is certainly not unnecessary. Mr. Ro,BEP.T S2EPi.nNsOx has been elected President of the Institution of Civil Engineers, and his opening address-of which our MtE,M w 5nly permit us to give an abstract-is devoted to an examination of the great -works on which engineering genius has been so conspicutously displayed. Of course a recapituilation of the benefits conferred by railways was an easy task. Their extent, the grandeur of their design, the skdll of their construction, the development they have given to national enterprise, are obviouLs topics. We learn that they extend from Aberdeen on the north to Portsmouth on the south, from Yarmouth on the east to Milford HIEavn on the 4west Then comes a tissute of comparative statistics of the kind wlith which lecturers and wr{g onP popularized science have made us familiar. An sI mJachanics' institute the orator who descants on the neeewgiyj ersIOW education and the absurdity of learning dead languages generally informs us that the Peloponnes-as was not superior in size and population to Yorkshire; that Athens at the zenith of its glory did not contain more inhabitants than the moclern borough of Bradford; and these conclusive arguments are received with encouraging applause. If an instalment of a popular history be published, some one is siure to calculate the number of miles the pages would reach if placed on a continuous bookshelf, and we are not without information as ts the extent that would be covered by the baggage animals in the Crimea. disposed in one strictly straight line. So telling has this kind of ilustration proved before popular audliences that Mr. STEPmnmsow has thouglht fit to use it in addressing his cultivated brethren. The extent of completed railwayis 8,054 miles, "about " the diameter of the globe ;" if " sidings" be added, then " we have laid within these islands " far more rails than are cfficient to girdle the " whole world round." Our railways are 500 miles longer than the Thames, the Seine, the Rhone, the Ebro, and sevcral other rivers aaU together. The quantity of earth excavated would form a mountain a mile and a-half high, with a base as large as St. James's Park, from the Horse Guards to Buckingham Palace. So many miUions of passengers, w-eighing so many thousands of tons, are conveyed yearly an average distance of so many miles. The superiority of railways to the old mail coaches is dwelt on in a high tone of triumph. Now, in spite of these obvious subjeets of felicitation, the public is not at aU well pleased at the present state of our railway systeni. Of course, all benefits are comparative. Nlo one denies that we are in possession of infinite advantages by the discovery of steam locomotion. Every man may rejoice that his lot is east in an age which enjoys such incomparable benefits. It is true that the railway has multiplied national wealth by economizing the time and cost of transport; it is true that the railway is an instructor, and that we owe to it the possibility of enlarging the size and circulation of journals. The most misused and ill developed improvement must in any case confer laTge.benefits; to recount these, and declare that the public ought to be satisfied to do no more because much has been already done, is very inconclusive reasoning. We honour and arc grateful to the men who gave to the world the railway system -we are ,justly indignant that inismnanagement should liave lessened the benefit which so noble an invention can afford. It is found that British railways have -been constructed at a vast cost, with a waste which no inexperience can excuse. The competition before Parliament-the sums. paid to useless lawyers and scarcely more necessary engineers-the prices given for land, often under cicumstances little creditable to those legislators, hereditary or elective, *ho were posors of the soil-the branch Ines constructed with more regard to tho iAterestA of individuals than of the shareholders or the public-thejobbing, the mystery, or the downright delinquencies of tho f'ianciIal management,_are all matters which people will not cease to remember, and for which time is bringing . rapid retribution. The United States have organized a network of lines extending over. the whole inhabited continent. Although population is scanty and the fares low, yet the dividends are ample and increasing. But, putting aside the New WVorld-to which it will be said our own bears no analogy-we find Germany and France constructing lines equally solid, equally elaborate as our own, and, thouglh with a less enterprising population, realizing larger gains with much lower charges. Compare the financial position of the French lines with that of similar English enterprises. Compare the comfort enjoyed by the passenger on the two sides of the straits. Let any one who makes the journey from Paris on a cold winter's night recall the difference between the ltxurous, well-warmed carriages of the "N ITord" and the hard, narrow compartments of the " South-Eastern," where his toes sink to the temperature of the surrounding atmosphere, and the breath of the passsengers is congealed on the rattling panes. Of the secon(d class we need not speak. Among our neighbours it is a comfortable conveyance iin which any man may travel; in England it is a pen of hard and filthy boards uncleaned. It may be said that England made its railways in the infancy of construictive science, and that the other nations have profited by our example. We may have in spit'e of our blmunders gained 20 years in the race of internal. improvement. But it is still not to be doubted that the continent has shown great judgment in all its late public works, and that we may well learn something from thtose whom iwe proclaim our pupils. To do M1r. STEPIEYSON justice, he enters deeply into the causes of otur failures, -which, however, he seems disposed to attribute to an abstraction, somewhat resembling the " system" of the rmilitary apologists. This plea is, no doubt, a just one, inasmuch as no department of the State is entirely free from blame for any great public evil. But Br. STruPIMsozz is chiefly anxiouis to absolve directors as a body, and to throw responsibility on Parliament and its regulations. From a incomplete return, which gives no information concerning 45 companies, he tells us .that the amoult expended by railway companies in legal and engineering expenses has been 14,000,0001. sterling. In one case a bill for a line now existing went before Parliament with 18 eompetitors, and that each of these caused expense not only to the successful line, but to the vanquished and nowv extinct rivals, so that the costB of actual lines by no means give a true notion of the money that has been spent before committees. Railways, he says, have suffered in many ways from Parliamentary legislation, for Parliament has legislated 25 years, and every year has had a crotchet. It is impossible for us to give a just idea of all Llr. SrTEPNsox's arguments and illustrations; but one point he strongly, and apparently vithjustice, urges. Of the 286,000,0001. of railway capital expended, nearly one-fourth has been paid solely for land and conveyancing, and yet, " with the exception of " houises demolished, nearly every piece of pro{perty intersected undergoes improvement in " valte by the construction of the lines." The millions paid to landowners may, therefore, be considered as an absolute gift. Against " sever" ance," amd the heavy charges made for this imnaginary injury, he justly inveighs. " No one "has ever been able to showv arithmetically that "by the mere passage of a railway through an "estate loss issuatained,"yet Parliament "has per- i mitted this spoliation to be legalized by custom." Mr. STrPhxm SON is hardly so successful in h is defence of railway management. The shareholder is, with himi, a very ungrateful being. " One-half "per cent.," hie says, " has been known to make "all the difference in the popularity of the manage"ment." Why should it not? Out of 3 per cent. one-hlalf per cent. is no slight matter. But the "c eaprice of some contentious individual" can unfortunately bring charges against the directorate. " Rejoicing that he has ' a grievance,' in "thme phraseology of the day, he writes to Tae " lTimes." The press, of course, listens to the e. parfe statement. 31r. SrmnEFHNsoX has lliT grievance against Parliament, and presses it, but when t'he discontent is directed by the shareholders aggainst his own class, then it is nterely the cliticism of persons " only half acquainted with the facts," who avail thermselves of " columns open to every " petty giievance or private pique." It is the old story; the injustice that presses on a man he resents acutely, but he bmars with Christian fortitude his neighbour's sufferings We have not room to enter into the plans of reform suggested in the address. It is enouigh that by implication it admits fully the evils of the present system, and, under the form of an apology, utters its deepest condeimnation. If it tends to bring reasonable honesty and fair managemcnM to the conduct of railway affairs, it will have effected no slight good.
Admiral STIRUNxG has sent home de6mtches which show that the officers and crews under his command are not deficient in dashl < and enterprise when they have the opportunity for gaining distinction. We remember, not without a certain degree of humiliation, the ftutile cruise of this very squadron in the Japanese waters, and the jaurn& des -d*pes in Castlies Bay. Never was there a fairer occasion for crushing the power of Russia in those distant seas, but it was allvowed to escape unimproved. The Russians miade, as vsual, a masterly retreat in the face of a superior force, and, no doubt, forced their ships through among obstacles which would have presenteed no very impracticable bar to the lighter vessels of the English squadron. All this, however, is matter of history, and may afford the subject for a not very brilliant chapter to any author wvho may undertake the continuation of Mr.t: JAsims'5sAnnas of tJw Br4ish Nary. If we recur to the subject at all it is becaese the despatches just received from Admiral STIRLNG give ample proof that the officers under his eonunand are capable of contending successfully- with difficulties similar to those which the Russians threw in their way in the course of last year. The spirit of the British navy is not extinct. There are men ready at a moment's notice to emldate the achievements of CocirrANs and SrIDEY S.urru, or the most daring of our frigate captains during the late war. A hostile force conveniently moored with batteries of overwhelming strength inspires no more terror or hesitation into the hearts of mainy offices whose names are now inscribed on the Nav±,t List than into the heart of the boldest of their predecessors. It is true that in the present instance the enemies who have been vauquished were but Chinese pirates, bt-i these are no despicable foes. They ale acciistomed to the peculiar navigation of their own waters; they have been acquainted with the localities from earliest childhood; they have procured heavy arnaments, and the aid of Europeans to work them. They must not be confounded with the Imperial mariners -who were so easily discomfited by our slips in the course of the earlier- aad _nore_umportant operations against China. These are the Vilidngs of the Eastem seas. They are to the bulk of the Chinese msilors what the -warliko hosts of -tho Puijab or the combatants of &Ieeanee were to the puny and cffeniinate'5 population of Southern India. They know tlleir tradee aind know it well. The recent dal)ixnces whlich have peri-aed the vast extent of the.Dbinese empire have added to thfeir numbers, their audacity, and their expecta1 tions of impunity. But, even when the Tartar Sovereigns were firmly fied -on their Iuperial throne at Pekin, the predecessors of these very I men held their own against the utmost forcez the Govermnent coula bring against them. They levied war, made peace, concluded treaties, and organized rebellion and piracy afiiost into the semblance of a recognized power. They have for centuries past been the curse and terror of the legitimate authorities. They have exercised their; bloody- calling Vith. a ruthlessness and ferocity which defeated or disarmed aU opposition. Never did the black flag sweep the seas in a more cornpliete manner, not even in the hanids of IuDD and his fellows of the Jamaica Seas, than it has done in the hands of the Chinese pirates. As long as these outrages were simply confined to the plunder and murder of their own country- I men opposition to their power -was a sheer fipossi-M bility. As well might -the barndoor fowl have attempted to resist the hawk as a trading fleet of Chinamen, even vwhen under the escort of their war-junks, have endeavoured to beat off a piratical 9otilla. As soon as the civilized nations of Europe entered upon the scene all was changed. It is not to be supposed that the Governments of the United States and Great Britain wi. stand quietly by while their subjects are robbed and murdered .and their trade stopped by bands of sea rovers. We are happy to see the flag of the United States associated with ourr own in the recent operations against these marauders. We are rejoiced to bear honourable testimony to the courage, zeal, and ability displayed by the officers and seamen of the United States' navy detached in aid of Captains Fmaowas and VAxsrrTAi.T during the montlis of August and September of last year. Let us now say a few words of each oparation in it.s turn. Towards the conclusion of the month of May Captain FELLOWES, in the Rattler, had nmade a successful attack upon some pirates nt Samchow, destroying many of their junks. Another similar operation followed in June. At the end of July this active officer received tidings of the proximity of a piratical flotilla of a far more formidable character, and returned to Hongkoig to take his measurcs. He had an interview withl Captain 3rcLu_E, of the United States' frigate Powhattan, who placed at his disposal a volunteer force, consisting of two paddlebox boats and a cutter, with i6 seamen and 28 marines, under the command of Lieutenant Piscziuk. *With this assistance Captain FELT.owRS hurried off to the creeks in which the pirates had concealed themselves. After some futile endeavotirs to effect their escape, the piratical junks, 34 in numaber, and heavily armed, made a stand, and attem7pted to crmsh the allied boats with the fire of their broadsides. The boats, however, rapidly pulled up to them munid showers of shot, and the junks were carried. Nine of these were war-junnks, mounting 130 guns in all. The fleet had been manned.i, according to the estimate of Captain FELLOWES, by a force of not less than 1,000 men. He calculttes, fuirthler, that not less than 500 of these were killed, woumded, or drowined,-so well-directed had been the shell and grape from the boats' guins and the musketry of the Mlarines. It was indeed a stern lesson, but one richly deserved. Who can calculate the amount of misery and bloodshed inflicted upon inoffensive traders by these ruffians in the course of their career ? They had succeeded in obtaining armnamients of no insignificant character, for Captain FELLxowRs speaks of a 68-pounder, of a large 18-pounder, weighing 50 ewt., 32, 24, 12, and 0 pounders. One junk had 21 gins mounted. The cfflcers and seamen of the United States' contingent fouglht throuighout with distinguished gallanm-v, and contributed in no inconsiderable degree to the success of the dav. The scene of Captain VAssrrrTxfRs operations was in the Bay of Teotung. He started on the 7th of August last from Woosung, his sloop being in tow of the Confiicius steamer, whiclh had been manned fiom the United States' fiigate Macedonian. The Paviishan. a small steamer, which was manned by persons interested in the success of the operations, was su'bsequently added to the force with which Captain V,AS.TART proceeded in seanh of the pirates. When he came upon them the piratical flotilla formed in two divisions, and l)ore downx in good style upon the Bittern abd the steamers. We cannot pretend to go through the story of what followed; the details of thle operations will be found in Captain VAxs9rnTA.fs despatehes to Admiral Srrux(G which we printed I on Saturday last. Suffice it to say that by the 20th of Augast h halad succeeded in destroying 20 junks of the fleet, al heavily armed " That " they would not hesitate to attack mercelaultmen," *rites Captain VAsrr.r=r, "is evident from the "vigorous manner they opened and maintained "their fire upon us. Their guns, 0 or 7 to "14 and upwards in cach, vary fronm 24-poiunders "'downwards; perhaps an occasional 32-pounder "may be met with ; but a nice sort of medium 18 "is the most common in use." Finaly, in the middle of September, in the neighbourhood of Sheipoo, Captain VsAsrrrx.T camie upon the remainider of the piratical fleet, and succeeded in deshtoying it. The arduous nature of the enterprise may be understood by the simple sta tement th4t, though they were engaged at 500 yards' distance, it required an hour of hard fighting to silence the fire of the pirates. Such is the last intelligence from the Chiinese Seas-satisfactory enough ii itself, but still more so from the fact that the flags of the United States and Great Britain were seen united in the prosecution of a design useful to humanity and to the world. Would that our friends on the other side of the Atlantic could understand that the Chinese pirates are not the only ones against whom their efforts might advantageously be nnited with our own! The present war-of the Western Powers against Russia is essentially an attempt to put down piracy upon the largest and most formidable scale.
TaR SECRETIREY.or STATE FO1 WA1 .-Lord Pannure, Secretary of State for War, has been suffering for some days past from an attack of gout. The attack is a severe one, and has affected the aiZht hand. A conference would have been held at the War Departnent on Friday, in the middle of the day, of a committee of the Cabinet Mrinisters tomeet some of the princiral naval and military autlhorities: mut the illness of the Secretary of State for War caused the meeting to be postpoied. The a*tack also prevented his Lordship from attending the Cabinet Council on Friday-obserrcr. TtsrssrONrAL TO LORD CARDIGAN.-A very handsome silver-gilt sword, ndchly chased, of thc value of about 250 guineas has been purchased by public -ubscrintion in Yorkshire, as a testimonial of admiration to Iord Cardigan for the gallantry with which he led on the ca"lry in the celebrated charge at Balaldla.a in October, 1S54; and a nmeeting of the subscribers was held at the Leeds Courthouse on Saturday, at noon; to determine as to the best mode of presenting the tesimonial. Sir G. Goodman, Mr., was called to th; chair, and there was a nuineroit and influential body of the subscribers yre,ent. a In the tonrse of the proceedings it was e oplainei-that no subscriber was allowed to give enore than ?guinea, and that among the subscnrbers (all Ytlrkshiremen) there were 4 dukes, 22 peers of England, 1S memabers of Parliaament, and S baroiets. A stron-wish was exaressed that tae - sword should be presented to the noble Earl pualicly, iti Yorklshlire: but it was resolved to consult his Lordship as to his cnivenience, -and a sub-committee-was appointed toSinally settle as to the place and time for the presentatior= SACRED HAE3IONIO SOCIM, EXET n-rT.- I.tandel's Jtidzs Afecw&-v.s is arnounced for Friday, the 25th insk-, ld. Sims MIefvefs. ITidame Rudorador. Uliss Dolbv, 3,iss Ransford, and Mr. Weiss, being the principal Vocalists. - 1 :" TaE OCAP PRTEm-The ~'Chidtenhmnm Okntsr; a ve6ently-established periodical, published at 11d., closcd its career on Wedneeday ]l.
TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCUES. -- -S'_ - (BlY SUDAfTB3T I2ND naIIS WSL:rEGRAI'.) THE PEACE PROPOSALS. We have rezeived the following telegmaplic despatch from our Paris correspondent - " PA1 IS, SV?NDAY Er-fLG, 3A&. 13. " It is assertedthat the Austrian Amnbass:tdor at St. Petersburg has received orders to suspend his relations with the Russiaa Goveznment, in consequence of the non-acceptance ptre ct sirmpklof the Austrian proposals by Russia." We have receh,d the following telegraphic dospatch from our Vienna correspondent : "VIMNNA, Ssnw5y Evir.N-, JAx. 13. "According to the Mdinisterial Oesferrecidscie Corresp.ndenz the Russian Govermnent has noft unconditiona'ly accepted the propositions of the allies." THE EAST. WVe have received the f6llowing telegraphic despatch from our lIarseilles corTespondent --* "M1ARSETLI S, SATUR.DAy, J3.W. 12, 8S5 .&5 "The Carmel has arrived, with advices fromr Donstantinople of the 3d, and from the Ciimea -of the 1st inst. "Despatches leave at I p.n." We have received the 1MoAlitcur of yesterday. It nudkes the folloving annouicement - On Tuesday next, at 1 o Hlock, is ?lajesty the Em. peror wvill pass in review in the court of the Tuileries al the troops present at Paids which formed part of the army of the East. " On this oceasion his Royal Highness the Duke of Cam. bridge will distribute in the name of Her Majesty the Queen of Great Britain to the officers, non-commissioned oficers, and soldiers of those troops a medal couinemorative of the campaigns in the Crimea."
COURT CIRCULAR. WTh'2)-]SOR, 3A.;iT 12. The dinner party yesterday included her Royal Rie1mew tlle Duchess of Kent, his Roval Ilighneas the CGotn o} Flanders, Lady Fanny Howari, Earoness de Spaeth, the Speak-er of the House of Comumons and irs. Shwlv,,fevre, Sir George Cooper, Rea-Admiral Hamilton, and Captairn BurneUe. The band of the Grenadier Gua-rds pelform- ed during dinner. The Qaeen's private band afterv-ards played in the Castle. His Royal Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by the Count of Flanders, went to London thismomrnngbya special train of the Soutlh-Western Railway. The Prince drove to> Buckingham Palace, and returned to the Castle at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. The Count of Flanders visited the Belgian- Minister in Portland-place, and also paid a visit to her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester at Glocester-honse. His °Royal Highnecs afterwards returned to the Castle. The Right Hon. the Spenker and iMr. Shaw Lefevre and' Rear-Atdmiral 1. A. B. Hamilton left tho Castle in the afternoon. The dinnerparty included herRoyal HiglhnesstheDuchea, of Kent, hern oyalfHighess the Princess Royal, his Roale Highness the Count of Flanders, Lady Fannv hou rd, Baroness de S vaeth, , Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phippva an!! Caotahe Brnesle. The hand of the 2d Life Guards playedaduning diner, an afterwards He Ir MajesCy's private banod S=1-DY, J.A. 13. The Queen and Prince, the Prince of Wales, the Princesa Royal, Prince Alfred, and the Princess XAice, the hLades and Gent;lemenl of the C'onrt, and the domestic hou sehold, attended Divine sen-ice thismorning in he private chapel of the Castle. Theo Ron. end Vesy Rer. the Dean of Windsor owiciateJ Viscount Palmerston left tovn,son Saturday for his seat Eiroadlands, Ha.nts.. Sir Caarles Wood .also left towin on Saturday on a visit to the noble Visconmt, De,patches for the Governor of the Cape of Good Hope were sent on Satirday from the ColoniaW-ofimce.
DEKTEr oF THE HoN. ts. G. VnmrteQ-We regret to announce the death of the Ron. Mrs. Georg 'Vihiers. vwho e-pirea on Saturday might at the Grove, the seat of her son, the Earl of Clarendon, near Watford, after a fev. days' illness. Early in the week the venerable lady complained of slight iudai4osition, and on Thrsday night 'wasasssailed 'ith selioUssymltonMs, aRdsince then continued to sinik rapidly until her dssolution on Saturday niglt. The Earl and Countess of Clarendon, thre Right Hon. and Sir George C. and Lady Theresa Lewris, and the other memoers of her family were with theii parent at her death. The deceased -waS the only daughter of John, first Lord Boringdon, and his second wife the Hon. Theresa Robinson, second daughter of Thonmas, first I,ord Grantham, and Tias born oa the 22d of September, 1770. so that she ws in the Slst vear of her age. She narried the Hon. George Villiers onr the 17th oE April, 1798, and by him,. who died in March, 1827. she had a numerous familv, of whom survire the Earl of Clarerdon, the Right Hon. Charles Pelham 'V,iers, MP P., Maria Theresa, married to the ChanceUor of the Exchequer, and the Hon.jand Rev. H .Montagu Villiers. TaE HIsTriY oz T= WEAR. AOAiNST RVSSAL.-A handsomely illustrated volume has been published liv irtnc: and Co., which forms part of a work intended to fdi-nish an elaborate and comprehensive history of the origin gncd pro. grass of the present war against lusia. Although the chie incidents of the war have been traced by able hands as they occurred, yet, judging from the care bestowed bythe writer I of the nresentvolume, Dr. oian, his rorlk, whien completed, seemsfikely to comprise fact.s and elucidationsthrownginfur, tlier light upon all the varied and exciting occurrenees ot thismemorablestruggle. Indeed, even in the present vohune, much is stated which will be new even to those tolerably conversant with the numerous and striling events of the camaign. The portraits incltude those of the Duke of 1 Cabridge, the late Lord Raglan, Oinar Paasha,-Generse Cnnrobert, and Adm,,iral Napier. All are excellent Likenesses, if -we may iudge of those -who are not so generally known by those nmowvm to almost everybody. The I illustrationss are thlose of Sebastopol, the charge of the Heavy Cavalry at alaNinlava, Miss Nightinuple and the nurses in tho East, the last raomentr of the Emlperor Nicholas, the night attaclk in the trenches, Sebastopol, and the charge of the Guards at the Rattle of Inkermann, all of -which are executed in a style iworthy of the Vork. Thle first chapter is devoted to some interesting | statistics pecting the extent, population, and govermnent of trussia. and the author proceeds to give some equally valuabie information respecting Turkey, and thc gradna aggressions and attempts of Russi upon that country fromu the accession of Catherine to the present day We then come to the various events which arose out of the CrOsFing of thle Pmuth by Prince Gortsehakofi; the manifestoes of the Emperer Niclas as, and the s diselosures in the diplon atic correspondence, desbin the ihagitiou3 deparetof the latveEmperor toideroye "sick man.'" and to tal;e aosession of hins inheritance. After alludmg" to theo detLaation of war, thec campai,,n on the | auc n the fearful ma.ssacre at Sinope, and the general indignation esci'edhby the latter outrae,:some interesting particulars are given respectin", ScharnsyL We then come to the incidents in the house of Lords when the Royal message ws brought down announcing tho declaration of war against R , and the conseqdent preparations made to cany it on. Some characteristie incidents w'hich took place on the first departure of troops from London for the seat of war are well described. We have not space, howvever, to eater into a close analysis of the re. maiu g contents of the volume, and we shall, therefore, only add that, as far: as the narrative of the -ear goes, it appea rs to he accurate and interesting. Fraixis olr Tarn BA<x or FsnA -The cashier of the Bank of Frxance, on maleing up his accounts for the day on tho 30th ult., missed 172 notes of .1,OOf. each, which had -been brought to himn in the course of the day, and which, after counting, he had placed wvith other piles of notes on a shelf near hinm. Search was made everywhere, but without result, and information was imunedia*cly given to the policu. Fsom the inquiries which they inlidc, their suspicions pointed to one of the clerks in the- cashier' office, and orders wvere given that he should be strictly watched. lNev-Year's day being a holyday at the Rank-. the man left Paris in the evening of the illst ult. to viSit; his friends in a village in Ticardy, and the chief of the .4cZc de (lreLi and some active agents folowed lim tllere. Earlythe next norning theylearntthat he had goae into a n-ood on a pretext of shooting, aud they went tovards the wood. They did not hear any report of frearms, and after a -while the man returned without anv game. This naturally ilereased the auspicious against hinL In the evening of thei1t he came back to Paris, the police still accomianying binl, and the folowin gdays they waiched lim so closely and vith such skill that they saw aU he did, and almos-t heard all he said. At last it was deemed advisable to arrest him, hot he energetically denied his guilt, and on his lo.l a's being searched nothing calculated: to inculJ pate hiTn could he discovered. The cilef..zl de sue naccordinely determnined on -gomng downx to: Picrdy to exa3mine the wvood in wshich the man had been; but,, though he inspected every tree he could find no marks on any one, and, thougll he causedthe earth to be du-up-whereever it appeared to hav e been recently moved, he discovered nothing. The day before yesterday he determ1ined to try the effect w1hich the suaden revelation thit he had been constantly followed, from the very moment of discovering the. robbery; -would produce ori tl numn', and he bega- by stating that on tho 31st of--IDecember he had followed him to the wood in qLeAon- Th e i ma started, and wvhen the cht etc tdorc4d proceede-t* relate to hilu all thathe- had done on the followinseys, hour by hour, he seemied astounded. At >,st he confested that ht was the thief, and be stated -that he had bnuied the notes beneatli a particular tr,ee in the wood in quetiox. In con. sequence the ckf aain visited the wood, aBnd found .ae notosat th.e place mentioned. -he desk is to bebrought to trL-6'etignseai..Acsecnger. -
SECOND EDITION. THE TilMES OFFICE, Monkiia Morning. AMERICA. TIIE PRESIDENT'S MESS&GE. (BY ELECTRIC TELEGRAPH.) LIVERPOOL, 3Mo-nALy MFoanIy. TheRoyal !fail steamer Asia has anived, with advices from Boston to the 2d inst. President Pierce, notvwithstanding the non-election of the Speaker, presented his Annual Message to Con.resa on the 31st ult. We gathler the following saumnary from the iVet York- Coutr-ier and Bi quiirer of the 1st inst. "Tue part of the Message which waLs looked for witlh the greatest interebt was that which touched upon our foreign relations. It .was anticipated that our difficulties with England would not be treated in a very assuring tone,-nor are they. The British construction of the ClaytonBulwer Treaty is pronounced inadmissible, and the determination is expressed to insist upon the rights of the United States. It is stated that negotiations are not yet at an cnd, and yet little encouragement is held out thatthey ill produce a satisf.actorysolution, and we are told that the question cannot much longer continue open without seriouslyendangeringthefiinenlyrelationsof thetwocountries. So far as regards the view of our Gove-nment that under the treaty the British have no niglht in Central America, except at Belize, wve apprehend there will be no (ifference of opinion among the American people, but we believe it morally certain that England will never follow her pretensions to the arbirament of the sword. The battle will not be suffered to leave 'diplomatic ground, and it will probably not be detenrmined there before the internal ciNil and commercial chanWes of that part of the continent will have superseded and made obsolete every material point in dispute. is In regard to the difference with England arising out of her violation of our neatrality laws, by the attempt to raise'recruits within our borders, the President presents no definitive tiew of the case. He has deraanded of the B-itish Govenunent not only a cessation of the wrong but its reparation, yet nothing specific is disclose' concerng the characte of the reparation demanded or the disposition of the English Governmuent to make it. The subject is yet under discuassion. , - " In reference to the Sound Dues of Denmark it is stated that the invitzation to otur Governmemt to go into a convention wvith the representatives of all European States, for the capitalization of the dues, has becn declined, tloigh a williunness is exressed to compensate Denmark for all of her outlay in improving tne navigation of the Sound or Beltc. " Ou ;r difficulties with France, Spatin, and Greece are all pronounced settled or nearly settled." In the House of Representatives on the 31st ult., -tfter a fierce debate and much squabbling about Parliamentary rules, it was decided by a vote of 126 against 87- that the M1ressage should not be read until the House wvas or-ganized. THE PEACE PROPOSALS. (BY SUsuIAeTNhE ASSD Bris5E TELEGRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic deapatch from our Viennma correspondent:- " VIEMNNA, MO,iDAkyMoRc;-G, JAN. 14. "The Eimperor of Austria displays great firmness, and insists on the unconditional acceptance of the proposals of wlhilch Count Valentine Esterhazy was the bearer." The Indepezdaence Belge publishes the following telegraphic despatch:- " BERIN, Su.%AY, JA.S. 13. It is asserted here that Count BEol having been made acquainted yesterday with the reply brought by the Russian courier who left St. Petersburg on t-he 5th inst., informed Prince Gortschakoff that the whole of the Austrian Legation would leave St. Petersburg on the 18th inst." EXPRESS FROM PARtS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 pm. -.- On seriously reviewing the present state of affairs and balancing the chances for and against the settlement of our quarrel with Russia, I do not think that every hope of peace has as yet passc;1 away. I do not, of course, pretend to affirm that such will be the case, buit merely to say that there are chances stiU of an arrangement. It is right to state the grounds on which this very modified opinion is formed, and I now do so. Couit Stackelberg, the bearer of the answer of the Russian Government to the propositions of Austria, arrived, as perhaps you are already aware, at Vienna at an early hour on the morning of Friday Iast. He hadt an interview with I. de Buol at 12 the same day, and delivered the despatches of wlhich was the beatrer. Those despatches contained the reply of M. deN esselrode, but they did not contain .what Austria had formally lemanded, tlle pure and simple acceptance of the propositions which I have almadly conmunicated to you, but counterpropositions. Of these counter-propositions I do not know sufficient to authorize me to say niuch on the subject; all I know is, that the reply of .a. de Nesselrode w.as couched in terms extremely mild and conciliatory, indeed much more so than any one expected from an arrogant Power wVhose resentmenit has been whetted by forced humiiliation, smarting under repeated defeats-a portion of her territoly actually possessed by her enemy-her famons stronghold, through whicTh she was to conquer the world, in rnins and the detested flag of the conqueror fleoting on the battlements whicl had been impregnable, until English and Frenclh valour showecl the contrary. The answer then of Russia, was not, if I am rightly informd, of the defying kind -which the antecedent bearisn, of Russia would lead one to expect. All gentle as it was, however, it was not what we demanded; it vasnot the "yes" or " no ' without further discussion, and as such it did not satisfy IL de Buol. Austria has been often and deservedly reproached for her backwardness in fulfilling the engagements she has contracted; she has been taunted for her indecision, her weakness, and her want of spirit, and has given occasion for being suspected even of bad faiths. If what I am assured on good authority be correct, IL de Buol hias taken a step which does her honou r. When he learned that Russia did not accept the propositions, purely and simply, he sent instirLctions to Count Esterhazy to St. Petersburg to at once break off all diplomatic relations with the Russian Government. I cannot say whether M. Esterhazy was ordered to demand his passport and quit St. Petersburg, but the rupture of relations between Austria is, I am assured, a fact. So-far so gool. Tle step is one in the right dimection, and thenextimove that Austria makes will, should circumstances req;uIre it, be sill more so. The action of M. de Buol in this matter was decisive and prompt, and I doubt whether be lost time even to consult his colleaguesbefore despatching the order to St. Petersburr. Austria, we may suppose, was anxious of proving to the allies and to Russia that she was neithei timid nor false, and we now anxiously look for the result, so far as that Power is concerned. What the real nature of the counter propositions of Rissia is I can say but iitte, hat I hardly think, from the very nature of the circumstances, that the difference can be so great between her offer and our de'mand as to remove aU hope of its being made still less. May it not be safely conjectured that the act of unwonted energy on the part of Austria, which I have just mentioned, will i'eduoe this difference to still smaller proportions? That it wi become " fine by degrees and beautifully less," so as to present no serious obstacle to peace ; and that it may. become a qxlesion for consideration, whether. for an almost impalpable object the allies will continue a Vr.'r Wsic'n has 2lready been attended' with such great results ? When Russia delivered her answer it is probable that she didl not believe that Austria would execute her promise or her threat of a diplomatic rupture, and when she finds that she has been mistaken may she not still approach nearer to us? This is not outside the circle of probabilities; and when the difference is still more narrowed, so as to be little more than one of words, is it impossibIe that the allies and Russia will agree to " split the difference." I have said. that the tone and style of the despatch bronght by MT'Stackelberg is mild and conciliatory; the rejoinder of Austria may do much to make the next completely satisfactory. If Russia accept the neutralization of the Black Sea, and the rectification of the Ottoman territory as relating to tle Danubian Principalities, the-object for which we undertook the war will have been well nigh attained. Neither by sea nor by land' will Turkey then have anything to fear from Russia. Wehave already neutralized the Black Sea effectnally, and the disappearance of the forts which give to it a military appearance, and the destruction of the arsenals, will complete our work, and Turkey is safe on the sea-side. The Principalities have ever been the bridge over which the Russians passed to menace the Ottoman territory. They have been so accustomed to enter that coumtry that they were quiite as miuch at home there as at Mloscow or St. Petersburg, and certainly more so than in many provinces of their own empire. Russia considered the Princ'palities as her owvn ground, on which she could take her stand against not only Turkey but Austria, if necessary, and whiell she considered quite as much her own property as the waters of the Euxine. WVith a moumtain barrier on one side, and a sea from which the fleets of her enemy has been utterly swept by her own suicidal hand, Tuirkey, still with her fleet in the Bosphorus, -will be in complete safety. We await therefore with impatience for the news of the impression made at St. Petersburg by the rupture of relations with Austria, and not without the hope that the next answer of Russia wilU not only be mild and conciliatory like the present, but wfll still narrow the distance between us. In the meantime we are not idle. I am told that the Englislh Govermuient has been asked by France whether they can supply vessels for the conveyance of a French force amounting to S0,00W men, 6,000 horses, and 100 grns. It is not said for what point, but there can hardly be a doubt that it is for the Baltic. A private letter fromn Haniburg, dated the 10tli, informs me that orders have been just given by the Swvedish Government to fit out at once in the port of Cariscrona two ships of the line, thlree frigates, and fouir corvettes. The same letter adds that whatever be now thoughlt of the circular of the Danish Govermuent, Denmark will have no alternative but to follow Sweden when tle moment comes for the resumption of hostilities. The King of Denmiark feels much dissatisfaction at the treaty of Swveden with France and England being made without any communication -with him, and consequiently the relations between the Courts has been less friendly than before. Al. Seebach arrives to-morrow in Paris. Notwithstanding whiat has been said again and again about the alleged importance of wiat we called his " mission" to St. Pctersburg, I re-affirm what I have always said on this subject. He was summoned to Dresdlen by his Government, but when he left Paris he did not know he should go as far as St. Petersburg. The conversations he m.ay have had with the Emperor and his Ministers had always been duly notified to the English Government. It is possible, I may say it is certain, that his conferences with MI. de Nesselrode have done good; but I believe that far too much importance has been given to his departure. The jounmals publish the following telegraphic despateh:- I " MEARSE1LLES, JTAN. 1. "The Cannel has just arrived, with accounts from Constantinople of the 3d inst. " General essnravieff had sent to Gamri for reinforcements, and wa-s fortifying Ears, wlhich is to be the basis of his operations next spiing.. It was also reported that he was advancing on Er=eronm. " In the Crimea numerous ambushes had been laid by the Cossacks round the camps of the allies, but the vigilance of the latter had completely defeated the schemes of the enemy. " An English transport, laden with gunpowder, had blown up at Eupatoria. "A French ship of war, which had ran aground in the Sea of Mannora, had been got off by the steam-frigae Labrador. " Th,e official journal of Persia announces that the Persian Govenmment was determined to persist in its policy of neutrality. "The Austrian squadron was lying at Sniyrna. "The trwo Greeks, whio murdered a-French sailor, were executed at Smyrna on tLe 29th ult. Tlhree other banditti experienced the same fate on the 1st irst. "Abd-el-Kader had arrived at Dmascmus, and taken possession of the palace given to him by the Sultan. Several landlords in the Danubian provinces had enancipated hundreds of slaves, wvithout receiving any compensation' from the GovernmeAit. I " The accounts fiom Athens are of the 3d inst. A Royal decree, countersigned by M. Christopolo, orders the creation of several charitable establislnnents and the construetioa of a churth. "Greece maintained a strict neutrlity. Her relations with the Western Poweers were excellent. Order reigned everywhere." The ship of the line Digueselin Ieft Toilon for the Crimea on the l2ti, with a cargo of provisions. The receipts of the Custonms-office of Havre, 1855, ilnsounted to 48,G50,130f., exceeding by neafly 13,000,090 those of the preceding year. The number of persons whlo visited the Universal IEhihition of Paris in 1855 was 4,533,464, viz.,-1 3,626,934 visitors of the Industrial Exhibition, and] 906,530 of the Palace of Fine Ars. The receints amounted to 2,941,668f. Several Catholic Missionaries, Sisters of Charity, and three mnglican Ministers left Lyons on the 10th for Marseilles, where they are to embark for the Crimea. The 3roniteur dc la FloCte publishes the following letter, dated from the Coast of the Baltic, 3d inst. - "An e-traordinar levy of scamen for the northern ffeet, in the Baltic provinces, has been decreed by the Emperor. Those seamen are principally intended to forni the crews of the flotill:a which the Russian Government is preparing, and is to anm immediately after the mnelting of the ice. They are to be assembled at Cronstadt in the beginningof reoruary, and are to constituto a new naval divi:son, under the conimasid of Vice-Admiral Iepanschin, who is charged with its organization. The vessels of the flotilla now possessed by the ltussians consist principally of gunboats, to the nuumber o' 225, 40 of which are steamers; the others are sialing vessels, which have been thoroughly repaired, and are in excellent order. Their armnament, too, has been greatly improved. There .re also soine row gunboats, to wihich anew systcm of sheeting has been applied, to protect thc rowers. The Govcrmnent appears to attach a; great imp2rtance to those lilht veeejL, and the works they require occupy in t UZe arsenals aWat number of opserative3. The lineis Viborg, Coustautine, and Orel, -which have bcen on the stocks at Crorstadt for seereal years, are being provided with screw propellers. They are third-rate ships, and wil mount 84 guns. Two frigates of 40 guns arc also to be fitted up as screwcrs, according to the niew iuodel adopted on the return of the Commission sent, in 1851, to visit the principal Dockyards of Europe. One of those frigates is to be called Wladimir, in honour of the frigate of the same name which made a figure in the Black Sea, and was de- stroyed after the capture of Sebastopol ' the other hes h ceived the name of Peterhoff. Among the ships of war lately constructed are the three screw corvettes Striela, Maria, and Silatch, which are not yet anned. In order to diminish theii draught of water they aroto b furnished with engines ef only 1CO-horsc pO^r. f¶eOGand DThike Cinitiiiitine&csrefully s7rintndthe cornpletin of the screww ar Ehips he was the first to introduce into the Russian Navy. Fe also bestos imuch attention ;on the material of artilery, which will be truly formidable. 1 The 'gest foundqr at StM,tl rg F.9rks day at night. Three additional workshops hare been opened in the ne'w arsenal' which are to commence operations in the beginning of January. There is also a great activity observable in the pyroteclmicdepartnent at Cronstadt, whichihas jstbten placed under the direction of Colonel Piclelstein, who commanded the itege park at Sebastopol, and is to be similarly employed in, the Baltic. This superior officer has been promoted to the rank of 'Major-General, and has already tal-en possession of his post. The stobkagc works and all those relative to the establishrilent of obstacles in the different passes are suspended in consequence of the ice, but will be resumed the moment the mild weather sets in. The population along the coast appears to be alarmed at the situation, and the Russian Government itself, notwithstanding its strenuous exertions to organize means of defence, is a prey to the greatest difficulties and preoccupations." THE ARMY IN THE CAUCASUS. (FROsi atm oURW CORRESrolDES-rO.) ZIEWID, DEc. 12. It is with a feeling of no little regret that, after the lapse of a fortnight, I am compelled to date this letter from the same place asmy last. The gieam of sunshine -which then induced a hope of finer weather proved treitcherous, and we have until within the last two days beendelugedwithrain. Ratherthazireminquish without an effort the objectwhich he had hoped to attain when he undertookt the campaign; Omar Pasha determined to attempt to force his way over a flooded country, and across several mountain torrents, to Kutais. On the morning of the 2d the armny received orders to march in the mniddle of a tremendous storm, and succeeded upon the following day in crossing the Ekoura, over which river Skender Pasha hLd constructed a footbridge with considerable ingenuity, but which was nevertheless almost immediately afterwards carried away. We then pushed on over roads kneekeep in mud, frequently delayed by rivulets, which had swollen into deep rivers and swept away the temporary bridges which had been put up to supply the place of those destroyed by tile Russianls, and ultimately camped uponplailis watered bytlie Skeniscal. These were partially flooded, and it was vith some difficulty that spots were found upon which to pitch the tents where the water was not more than two inches deep. Here the troops remained lying in mud and water for four days, with nothing to live upon but a short supply of biscuit and an earnest desire that the river before them might speedily subside. A recoDnoissance for a distance of two and a half hours along its banks, which I accompanied, at once showed me howv fallacious were these h'opes. The stream, which is one of the most considerable tributaries of the Rhion, and which always runs a volume of water, was about 200 yards broad, and its impetuous and turbid current was whirling down huge trees as if they lied been w'alking-sticks, undermining great portions of the bank, here and there overflowing the adjacent country. and altogether presenting an aspect which put any hope of finding a ford -within three or four days out of the question. Mleantime, the rivers in the rear had contined to rile, and the line of communication was temporarily intercepted. The position of the army under these- circumsta ces was becoming in the last degree critical. Some of the regiments had altogether rni out of provisions, and the unfortunate soldiers, who have not received pay for nearly a year, were buying biscuit fiom their more fortunate comrades at 10 palas a piece. The fact that the troops in some of the brigades were not so well supplied -with provisions as those in others is to be attributed to a wvant of proper arrangement on the part of the generals conmmanding. The state of the weather, howvever, would have rendered a retreat necessary, even if such] had not been the case, since the hardship and exposure 'which the men had been undergoing began seriously to affect their health, and it became apparent to Omar Parha that to linger longer in Eo unsuitable a locality would seriously imperil his whole armly He, therefore, reluctantly gave the orders.- to retire three days ago, and ;with heavy hearts we tumed our backs upon the Russians. In ithe course of our reconnoissance the enemy was seen upon the opposite bank; they fired across the river but without effect. It is probable that they did not intend to dispute the passage of the river after the lesson they received upon the Ingour, but had determined to defend themselves in an entrenched position in the neighbourhood of 3L1eiraine, a town situate at the confluence of the Sk-eniscal and the Rhion, near which point we struck the former river. The retreat was of the most laborious and harassing description. The continued rains and increased traffic having rendered tlte roads almost impassable. Such is the history of our return to Ziewie, where, however, the army is not to remain, but to.proceed to wilnter quarter s in a position further to the rear. "While wve were onthe Skeniscal the news arlivedof -the fall of Kars. It is scarcely possible, however, that tlhis intelligence could have influenced Omar Pasha, as, in the first place, the natural obstacles which impeded his progress put any advance out of the question; and in the second, the results of success, apart from the salvation of Yars, would have been sulch as to warrant his straining every nerve to achieve it. Had he arrived at the Sk-eniscal ttro days earlier, there can be little doubt that 3elmraine would have been tak-en, and the Russian army beaten and followed to Kutais. The Rhion is navigable to Mehraine, and that river would have formed the line of communication-boats were lying ready loaded at Redout Kaleh, to proceed up the Rhion as soon as it had been cleared of the enemy. The advantages of Eutais as a military position are at once perceivable by a glance at the map, while its politica importance is no lctB worthy of notice. Ead the Tuirkish army been quartered there during the winter months the allegiance of four of the Trans-Caucasian provinces would have been gained, and the submission of the most influential personage in them would liave been received. The Princess Dadiian had hitherto wisely determined to remain in her molntains jultil she had vitnessed the upshot of the campaign ; it is now pretty certain that she will not at present enter inIto negotiations with any Power hostile to Russia With an easy line of communication, Kutais secured as the base of operations, a population awed into good behaviour, if not absolutely fLiendly, there canbe no doubt that Omar Pasha would have taken the field in the ensuing spring under far brighlter auspices than he can nowr hope for. That he has been prevented from doing this is not his fault, but the fault of those who, by throw-: ing obstacles in his way, prevented his withdrawing his army from a field where their presence was useless, and operating in this quarter even one month earlier in the year, when success would have been certain. It is only to be hoped that the results of the campaign, such as they are, may attrat attention to its importance; and that if a Christian army is not sent here in spring Omar Pasha may at least be assisted in his endeavours to raise such an arrny during the winter as may enable him to undertake with greater confidence a- second Tl-aws-Caucsitn campaign. The Russians have ailowed us to effect oUI retreat almost without molestation. Upon the first night of our miarch a few mounted Georgian militia, who, it appears, ladhbeenfor some days hanging upon our flank, encountered four companies of our rifles anda pele.onof cavalry, who had been sent out to recon- noitre. TJponhearingtheflrinLColonelBallard'wentout with. fovr mnore companies of rifles, and fouind the combatants -i,s a. vis in some open country, firing at one another at.a very' long range; upon the appearance of the supports the Georgians retired; -having lost about 12 men. There -was no casualty on the side of the Turks. Since then the eneny has . been hanging upon our rear, but beyond cutting off two or three stragglers and leavingtheir headless trunks as evidence of their barbarity, their proximity has not been attended with any seriouis inconveniience. REDOUT-KALER, Dxc. 20. The terrific storms of the last week have obliged all the steamers to get under way and seek at Batoum that shelter which the'open roadstead here does nof afford. Thus no opportunity has occurred of sending let-ters since my last date. It was not without difficulty that I ma-de my way down here through 25 miles of. mud. The army has gone into winter quarters at Choloni, four miles to the rear of Ziewie, where'the formation of the country offers great natural advantages of "position. Urnless theweatherimproves, the conmmunication between the camp and the coast wiR be maintained with considerable difficulty. In order to -relieve the transport service, part of the army has been loved to a village half-way between Choloni and RedoutKaleh, to which point there is water carriage by the river Chopi. Omar Pasha has estabEshed himself here for the present, and is engaged in completing his winter commissariat arrangements. It will require all His Highness's powers of organizatiorn to meet the exigencies for which he is called upon to provide. Meanwhile the enemy has not been idle. Finding that it was useless attempting to harass the main body of the army, Prince Gregoire (the brother of the Princess Dadian), at the head of about 50 Georgian and Imeritian militia, surrounded Sugdidi and, forcing the unfortunate inhabitants of the neighbouringvillages to take up arms, under threat of burning down their houses in case of refusal, he led an armed mob into thle town in the middle of the night, and surprised an unfortuiate garrison of 180 Turkish soldiers, who had been left there invalided. Tlree or four of these were killed, and 32 taken prisoners in their beds, before the alarm had thoroughly aroused the remainder. These assembled hastily in the square before the Princess's palace, and not only offered a stout resistance, but charged their numerous enemy, who crowded the narrow, streets with such determination that theykilled 60 of them, among whomwere eight beys, and utterly routed the whole force; after which they barricaded themselves in the palace, from which place a messenger was despatched to Omar Pasha, asking for relief, at the same time assuring him they were provisioned and prepared for a long resistance. Gregory finding it was hopeless to attempt to dislodge these brave men, turnied his arms agaist a Kingrelian Beywhohadtaken up armswith the Turks, and obliged him to fortify himself with his retainers in his romantic fortress, which crowns a hill-top, in regular feudal style. He, too, has applied for assistance, and Skender Pasha was sent to the relief of both parties. That enterprising General, getting information of the presence of the enemy within a few miles of the camp, went out to meet them with a regiment of cavalry and a battalion of rifles under Colonel Ballard; placing the rifles in ambush he advanced with his cavalry upon Prince Gregory. Seeingthesmallforce whicl was opposed to him thc Prince charged the cavalry, which retreated until the enemy was fairly in the trap, when the order was given to fire, and a storm of Mini6 bullets emptied a hundred saddles on the spot; the remainder precipitately took to their heels. SkenderPasha then proceeded to Sugdidi. This summary clastisement will, doubtless, produce a wlwolesome effect upon the enemy,but it is more difficult to know how the people of the country are to be treated. Their position ismostunfortunate. Forced on the one hand by the brother of their Sovereign at the point of the sword to take up arms against the Turks, subject on the other to the immediate vengeance of these (the present possessors of the country) if they are caught with arms, they see no means of escape from the dilemma in wlhich they are placed, and -which involves the destruction of all they hold dear to them. It is most earnestly' to be hoped that the policy of Omar Pasha in these difficult circumstances v;ill, during the ensuing winter, be such as may not estrange the inhabitants of the country, but by leniency, tempered with discretion, render them more faithful allies, in anticipation of more extended military operations in the coming year. THE ARMY IN THE CRIMEA. (rnM OUR OWN COPnnSTOvEN-.) CAIP BEFONE SEBASTOPOI, TA3i. L There can hardly be a more perfect example of a sinecure than the office of a newspaper correspondent in the camp before Sebastopol at this present time. No man's occupation was ever more completely gone. He may lay his pen upon the shelf with a quiet conscience-nay, he must do so, unless he resign himself to chronicle the small beer of the camp. As to finding anything of importance to write about, it is out of the question, and for any present use that he is your correspondent might almost as well be spending his Christmas holydays at an English country-house or on a Parisian boulevard. As to the Russians-pho ! are there such people in the neighbourhood ? True, some signs of them rnay be seen on yonder heights, and o&nsionally (of late but rarely) the boom of a gun reminds us of their proximity. I doubt if one man in a hundred of all in camp gives them a thought. There seems little chance of their raeddling with us at present. With the ground in its present state, it would be difficult to move artillery. Perhaps they, like their adversaries, are doing their best to kill these long winter nights with private theatricals, musical meetings, dinner parties, and glee clubs. That they are as comfortably off as we are I greatly doubtbetter off they can hardly be. Whlen we refer back to your special corresnondenfs letters at this time last year, and consider the many miseries- there. described, it is doubly gratifyiig to be able to record that now health, abundance, and comfort reign throughout the camp. The men are 'well clothed, well fed, their quarters are as good as circumstances will permit, they appear contented, and have every reason to be so. The weather continues frosty, but not so severe as it was. We have had white frosts the last tronights, and the sky looks very like snow. It is expected that the docks 'we have mined will be blown up this week, but no day is as yet positively fixed. THE EAST. (FROM OUR OWN COnuSRPONcDETr.) CONSTANTTWOPIE, JAN. 3. You learnt by my last letter that accordingtoletters from Erzeromn ir. Muuray, the British Minister at Teheran, had left the latter place, having completely broken off, his diplomaftic relations with the Persian Govesnmnent. Since'then I have sertained that no news of the actiual departure;of the BritishMinisterhasbeenreceived. Thequarrelseems, however, to have comc 'to such a point, that the British Mission was to have left Teheran on the 5th of last month, and a house had been taken at Trebilond for the perioniiel of the Mrission. I gave you somet;imeago an account of this quar. rel in the shape it' first reached me. It was the Persian version of the story. I have now, before me the other side of the question. Aoording to. Ibis tbh PeWa Government first shewed its objection to the appointment of MIlirza Hashim by a threat that the man would be seized if he left Teheran to go to Shira, the place to 'which he had been appointed. .-Before. time had been allowed for proper consideration on this point the Persian Govermnent seized and imprisoned the man's wife, and threatened her 'with being violently divorced from her husband should he not renounee the British service. Accordig to treaty, or at any rate usage, the faumilies of natives employed by foreign nissions are under the protection of the latter, so that M&r. Mfurray remonstrated agmint this violation of an. old-established rule, and demanding the woman's restitution to her husband, allowed the Persian Government 48 hour to do it ,- afterwards he extended this period to twice 48 hours, in which the Persian Government had to decide whether it would comply with his demand or compel him to suspend his diplomatic relations with the Persian Court. No overtures having been made,. this latter event took place on the 20th of 'November. Since then the Persians are said to have addressed to M1r. Mumray several most offensive letters, and to have propagated gross calumnies imputing to the British Minister personal motives for protecting the wife of his Persian cmpoyj. He has now demanded satisfaction for this double insult offeredl to him in his private and public capacity, and unless this satisfaction be granted he was to leave Teheran on the 5th of December. Which of the two reports is the most m- partial is a question rather diflicult to decide at present, when nothing except the statement of both parties has reached us; one thing seems to be clear, that the position of the British mission at Teheran cannot have been satisfactory, if such a trifling cause in the first instance as the employment in a subordinate situation of a native led to such serious complications. Russian influence and intrigue are suggested as having been at -work. AMr. Longworth, the British Commissioner in Circassia, has returned from Georgia; Colonel Simmaons, the British Commissioner with Omar Pasha, likewise. The Turkish army is falling back, as we heard somr e time ago. Ralim Pasba,thePresident of the Military Council of the Imperial Guard, has retnrned from Batoiun, wvhere he had been sent on a special mission relating to the affairs of Anatolia. The result of his inquiries is not known, but the rumour spreads that Omar Pasha Will be recaUled. But it seems probable that this runour is based on that tacit feeling of dissatisfaction which points him out as one of the causes of the fall of Kars, rather than on anypositive resoluition of the Turkish Governmentin this respect. As I told you about a week ago, in the war conncils held about the Kars business no blame was expressed directly against Omar Pasha, but another plan of campaign has been adopte4, which implies blame. The J'oz,'njl de Consgantiiople of this tLay contains the official report of the defence and fall of Kars, published in the Turkish official paper. It-is as vague a document as any ever written by a Turkish Kiatib; if it is to be believed it must be Kism?Uet (fate) and (under its auspices) the Allied Powers to whom the fall of Ears is to be attributed. After paying a well-earned tribute to the bravery of the garrison, this document says, "unfortunately, bravery alone was not sufficient, and asthe place was invested, it wvas not possible to throw in provisions." Then it pretends to give a short resutrin of the siege, and exposes all the good intentionswhich were entertained for the relief of Kars. How, as soon as the Porte heard of the state of the garrison, it took immediate measures to send reinforcements and mate- rial to Erzeroum, and how it ordered the diversion by Batoum as the most effectual means to attract the forces of the enemy, and relieve the town. "Such," the document proceeds,- "Were at least the dispositions taken by the Conncisof WVar held at Constantinople. lInfortunately, the views of the Turkish Government oould not be carried out, the Imperial troops being encaraped around SebastopL, and the great events 'which have signaized the last period of the campaign, whieh ended in the fall of Sebastopol, faving not yet taken place, it was impossible for us to send our forces from there to Asia. On the other hand, in order not to diinnish the political importance of our presence on the Danube, we could not take troops fronm the armcy in the interior. Thus the time passed until the Sirdar Ekrem (Omar Pasha) went in all haste in the direction of Georgia, at the same time that Selim Pasha v;as sent to organize a reserve in Erzeroumn." The document describes then the good effect producedbythedisembarkingoftroopsatBatoum,menae- ing the rear of the Russians-namely, by inducing themto attacktheplace-anditattributestotheknow-. ledge the Russians had of the famine prevailing in Ears that they did not abandon the place after their defeat. Then comes a cuious paragraph "During this time, in consequence of unforoesn circamstances, which it was impossible to control, the concentration at Bataumn wvas retarded, and the operations destined to save Kars -were drawn to such a length that the garrison could no more count on this means of relief." Either no account ought to have been published officially, or else they ought to have waited until the inquiry was finished and the whole afflaircleared rp. AUSTRIA. (rxo3 OUmt OWN CORnSPONDE.) VIENNA, JAN. 1Q. Before the 14th or 15th of this month the diplomatic world can have no positive knowledge of the intentions of Russia, but some of the very best informed persons in the city consider it " morally certain" that Count Stackelberg brings an evasive reply to the Austrian despatch, or, in other words, that he is the bearer of counter-propositions. When Co-mt Valentine Esterhazy had communicated to Count Nesselrode the conditions of peace, the Russian statesmanviished to discuss their merits with hin, but the Austrian diplomatist at once gave him to understand that he had been charged by his Government not to enter into any discussion on the subject; as the propositions were to be unconditionally accepted or as unconditionally--rojected- by -the Russian Govermnent. The western worldis evidently inclined to believe that if Russia should forward counter-propositions, Count Esterhazy will inimediateldy be recalled, but such is not likely to be the case. Directly after their arrival, the Russian proposals will be forwar.ded to Paris and London, and the three allied Powers will then have to decide whether they are worthy of being taken into consideration.' Should theyunanimously agree to reject themn, Count Esterhazy will then be recalled, and the diplomatic relations between Russia and Aistria broken off. The Archbishop of Venice has followed the example of his reverend brother of Milan, and established a regular "ecclesiastical censure." The measure cannot fail to lead to a collision between Church and State, as the Italian Bishops have gone beyond then' tether. The Austrian prelates, who are extremely circumspect andeautious, are greatly vexed at the imprudence of their Italian friends. It is clear to every one;-excepting to those wvhomi it moset concerns, that the old Guelili spirit still ivei imn the Italian Hierarchy. In' the middle ages the Guelphs systematically opposed the Emperors and their adherents the Ghibellines, and the two parties are almost as well defined as ffiey were in bygone times. 'If the Bishops continue as they have cornmenced, hardly a trace of the Concordat willbe left, 10 years -hence. - There w;as a Court Ball last night, - and every one appears to have been struck 'with the re-markable change which one short year has made in the deportment of the Empress; formerly she was extremely timid, bat she has accuired sLlf-poaession, and now moves with remarkable ease and d.i1 y. The Empress is considerably taller .a-n sbe was at the tiine of her marri4e, and looks remarImably welU. The weather ;8 extremely mild, and typhns is taking great advantage of the circumstance. - I)DENMA4PX. TheNord, of Brus,,sels, publishles the following,. unnder date of Copenhagen, Januar - - "The Government has just taken a resolution of the hlighest importance, which I hasten to communicate tojyou_ You are aware that for some time it has bcen invited, even. urged, by France and England to conclu(ie with' them a treaty similar to that concludedYvith Sweden, w.hich wonal jassure the territorial integrity of Den.-n.-k vgainit' any eventual encroachment-on the part of Rlussia. Having maturely ddiberated upon this question our Govelrnment hasjust in a positive manner deslined al offer of guarautee on the 'part of the WVrestern ?ao., u sgainst chimencat eventualities, and in which in zeality those IPowers noanore believe than we do. *" The Minister of Foreign' Affairs ha, -addrlessead to al European Governments, under date of -4th of Jautqry, a. circular, in which our Govermment, after referring to the declaration of Sveden, -which has just again aunounced her strict neutralitydespite the treaty ef 21st of -NovembUrlastf with France and England, brings forward three points as the principle of the policy it is resolved to m.aintain, and ihich will serve an its guide in its relations -with other nati6ns aslong as the present war lazts. "By the first point Dcarnark renews the claration ti, Europe, that wishing to maintainl her attitude of 'stricf neutrality towards the belligerent Powers, sho declines any share of responsibility in the obligations which the tredty of the 21st of November might eventually entail upon Sireden towvards onc of the two Weestern lov;ers. Denmark wisher in this r-sect to maintain her full freedomn of action, vtlsout in any manner following Sweden on-the new politica} gro-nd upon which she might be led in virtuec of the cIa-ses of the treaty of the 21st of November.; By the second point, oar Government also renews to the foreign Powers its very formal declation of remaining totally neutral in the European conflct, of taking no active part therein, either by giving a contingent olr land forces, orby hlr fleet, in favour of any of the -belligerent Po)ers; that is to sar, that we shall not depart inx any re-pect from that pacific attitude - of strict neutrality 'which we imposed upon ourselves by the treaty conclTde(t. in February, 1853, with Sweden. "By the third roint oa the circular the Mlinister of Foreign AEFirs procLtims a grand prin..iple of interti.2ional law, namely, that the King of Denrarrk is at liberty n Sovereign ef a free and indelpendent Stage to adopt that lineo of conduct he mnay deem beat suited to thle interests of the Daniah nation, whilst observing at the 'sae time towards the other rnations of Europe the samb relations of friendship and goodwill as heretofore. -Desirou of enjoying the plenitude of sovereign nower we shallalways h0ow how to reSpect acrurulousey the political interdsts of other nations. " You wil obbserve (aimds the dVerd) that the 'n6te of Denmark, which appears to be nothing more than the reproduction of the joint deelaration nmade in virtne of the. Treaty withB Sweden of 1813, ncqnirn-, however, n additional importance as well cia account of the coiing campria"a in the Baltic, for which such fonnidabie preparati onsu lro beingmade in France and England, as also: fromn the impression, the recent'treaty of Sweden with the W17estern Powers may have caused in Europe." IMELEUIG TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FR01 OUR OUs'o CO.P. PO;nND S.) SOUJTHAPITON, Moea&r mlor,-NcG.! Arrived.-American ship Globu, fiom RfaTre A'Iaantea, steamer-, from Havre; Syipl, steanser, from Dublin; Fairy Queen, MIargaret, AUy, Bartley, Light and Sign, Malcolm Brown, IYancy, John. Wesley, Kate, Sarah, Brot.-ers, AiLing, Ed*vard, Tourist, Julia, from Sanderlhand ; Friendship, from. Sailed.-Sarah and Brothers, for Cardiff; MTargaret and Sarah, for Poole. IVERPOOL, MOSDAY MrOP.N'lQ. Wind S.E. Arrived.-Union, from Cobija; l;-eneralSimison, from PIugwas. Sailed.-Hemry and Dorah, for Malta; Cinca, for Lisbon; Arno, for Gibraltar; Wiiiam Wirt, for New Orleans ; Helen, for Sa-mulnals; Elbint, for New York; E. Sherwood, for New Orleans. (BY 5UBMAURINE ANiD BIMIr11is TIELRAT H.) GRXAVESEIND, MaONDiAY, 9.44 A.r. Wind S.E.; tide, three hours' e'b; Teather fine and frosty. Arrived, Jan. 13.-Clydo, steamer, from )BEaaldava. Arived, Jan. 14.-Nyipli, from Villavacio3a; Veracity, from Uddewalia. r DEAL, MOewAY, 9.34 A.M. Wind S. E. by ., fresl, and fine. - Passed, 3th.-Regina, from London, for Sierz-m Leone; Christopher, from Iondon, for Azores; B3randon (screw steamer), from Landon, for.-Con stantinople ; European (screw stearner), from L ondon, for Limerick; Inchlinan, from 1ondon, for. New Zealand. STOCK EXCHAgGE3.- XiONDAY MO1r-MMC, U o'CLOCK. Consols for Money .. ... ... So-V Consolsfor.Account(Feb. 7) ... 8O to SG1 Turis]h Four per Cent. Scrip . 4i to 4E dis;
FOREIGN INTELLIGENCE. FRANCM. (f1MoX oUR (Wl CORESPONDENT.1 'A.KU, i.TUIDAY, J.iA. A2, 6 P.3M. The foUowing private letter has been received ions Bucharest, dated Decomber 29:- "IfL Kretouleako having demanded his passports for Coastantinople, the Prince (Stirbey) declined giving them to himn. TheConsul-Generalof Prussia anilSuleiman Pasha ad to interfere, and at lat the order w3s given to the local police to grant the passports for Italy, en route for Constanlinople. 7L KrezoitLesco leaves next week for Yarns. "The Austrian battalions, of which I had alre.dy spd'ken to you in my last letter, have marched, in spite of the excessive cold, which we have had for more than a week. They are not, however, five, but seven battalions, which retum to theircountry for the purpose of being disbanded." TLe following private telegraphic despatches have been received&- " BR=T,llth.-Accounts from St. Petersburg announce that the Princess Alexandrina of Oldenburg embraced the Greco-Russian faith on the 6th. The marriage of the 3?rincess with the Grand Dtike Nicholas was celebrated on tle 7th, with great ceremony. There was a grand gala at Court, in presence of the ITperial famiy. "BErtum, l2th.-3. de Seebach is expecded to-day. Count Benkendorff, Military Attachb to the Russian Legation at Berlin, left St. Petersburg on Thursday last, and is expected here on Monday." " X&DoRD, l}th.-Tle Cortes have adopted the first eight articles of the biUl for conceding the Saragossa Bailway to the Grand Central Company. The Government has declared to the Cortes that it wil know how to maintain general tranquillity." I have received the following letter from San Sebastian, Spain, relative to the corn trade in that country:- " Saa Sebastian, Jan. 9.-The war, combined with tLe failure of the usual supplies from France and Amncrica, caused an extraordinary development of the Spanish corn trade during the past year, and a considerable number of British and French ships left the pert; of Seville, Cadiz, Santander, Bilboa, San Sebastian, nc., with wheat and flour for the united kingdom and :France. An imenense amount of money has in consequence entered Spain, and, had it not been for thefrightjul ravages of thecholera, 1855 would have been, perhaps, the most yro6perous year ever enjoyed by the mercantile and agriculttur-I classes. " An idea may be formed of the extent of the cereal exTortations of Spain at the above period by the simple fact 1at in the course of Mtarch, April, May, June, July, and August, 35 British vessels conveyed to England and Ireland 29,3195 quarters of wheat and 6,772 sacks of flour, the whole the produce of the province of Navarre, and worth 93,465?. And attention should be given to the fact that, with the exception of one, all these vessels arrived in ballast, because the Spanish Government, in its fear of offending the demo'crtic manufacturing populations of Catalonia, sacrifices the Customs' revenue, and encourages smuggling at the expense cf public morality and comfort, by not adopting a more liberal tarifT " Ona hundred andtrenty-four Freneh vesselsalso leaed from San Sebastian in 1855, with 187 4a3. worth of wheat and dour, besides wine; 22 proceeding to the united king. Zor. and the remainder to France. Thus in six months lWavarrese wvheat and flour to the value of 276,397T1. left San Sebastian for Great Britain and France; and at the most moderate computation the average of the cereal exportalions from the rest of Spain amounted to 1;200,000?. " It is also a remarkable fact that a large portion of this *w11eat-upwards of 55,000 quarters-was the produce of the harve-s of 1853 in Navarre. "The respective gross burden of these 35 British and French vessels was 4,158 and 7,640 tons register, gi ing an average tonnage per vessel of 118 and G0. As usual all the British vessels were undermanned, the largest only carrytig from six to seven, including the master, while a French craft of only 60 tons invariably had six men. " It is worth mentioning that in San Sebastian, and most of the other Spanish ports, there do not exist large bonding -warehouses. At the former place the wheat aSd flourarrived as it was wanted, and vessels were sometimes actually -detained for want of supplies. The high road from Navarre was constan'ly covered with clumsy carts slowly conveying wheat to San Sebastian, and the price of carriage from 37ampeluna (the corn emporium of Navarre) to San Sebastian, a distance of only 48 miles, was 8s. 6d. per quarter, or more than double the freight from the latter place to any ort in the united kingdom. How m3uch cheaper would all this wheat have been shipped if a railway had connected Talnpeluna and San Sebastian; and, as tise' Spanish trade folurished in 1S55 under the double disadvantages of slow and expensive land transport-thanks, it is true, to exceptional circumstances-it may be infer.ed that if railways existed the proximity of Spain to England, the excellence oeher wheat and its extreme cheapness in ordinary times, would be duly appreciated in Wark-lane. "The Spaniards are not blind to these facts; the :nagic influence of foreign gold has opened their eyes to the -ergent necessity of constructing railways in order to give .gress to the agrcultural superabundance of a country which, vwith a population of scarcely 14,000,000, produces sufficient corn for the consumption of 24,000,000. But -mafortuzately the political vicissitudes to which Spain is so liable, and the dishonest conduct of successive Governments -to the bondholders, discourage capitalists and enterprise. "At the present moment the scanty internal communica. -tisn of Spain are in a miserable condition, and, while bread is excesively dear at the seaports and metropolitan -towns, the interior is suffering from a fatal plethoraharvest after harvest of corn, wine, and oil accumulate in out-of-the.way districts, but purchasers are wanting, because the-e are no railways, canals, or even roads to eonvey merchandise to the coast If the agricultural produc. -tions so plentifully scattered by a bountiful Providence over the soil could be brought to the coast by railway, the cornmarkets of Spain would successfully compete with those of the Black Sea; Spain would become the granary of Englard; breadwouldnotbeadruginsome dis~trit and preposterou..y dear in others; nor would the maelancholy sormally present itself of the husbandman tremblirg at the prospect of a fine harvest, and of being rained by abundance." - We read in the Ilidgpendance Beqge, under date Eanmburg, the 9th inst., that- " The treaty between Denmark and the Western Powers, wnich new-mongers considered to be already concluded, has been brol;en off. The Danish Ministry, after several Cabi. net Cowncils, presided over by the King, in which the geneal gsituation of Europe, and Denmark in particular, was mahuely examined and discussed, came to the resolution of mnaintuninig the system of strict neutrality, proclaimed in Febru-ny, 1853, in conjunction with Sweden. There is a serious obstacle to the accomplishment of the object contemplated by the allies. The Ministry is obliged, by the Constitution of 1843, to submit to the deliberation of theLegislature every new international convention -with a foreign st.at+, ancd the treaty woud certainly encounter a stron. oppo3ition in the Chambers. The Parliamentary leaders coazuIted on the subject are said to have declared to the Government that no party was disposed to give its approbaLion to a treaty likely to impose on Denmark duties and obligations from *hich it was the interest of the nation to exonera'e the kingdom in the present difficult circum_ stances.' The Independsance also contains the. following leticr from Berne of the 7th inst.:- " WLen General Ochsenbein proceeded, about a year ago, to organize the Franco-Swiss Legion, of which the Imperial Government had decreed the formation, he left at Berne his wife and family. It is consequently matural that, after so long an absence, he should hJve felt a desire to spend with them the New Year's holydays. This circumstance, so -imply ac-coeted for, and which, owing to the proximity of Besar- an, would be soeasily realized, has, nevertheless, sorely p,erplexed some of our journalist-, who have connected the xeturn of the General with a plan of campaign, in which Switzeland canmot figure without departing from the principle of neutrality the Confederation ha observed since the beginniing of the Estern war. All I can tell you with certainty fs, that the chief of the Swiss Legion, ever since his arrival at Berne, has devoted almost his whole time to his family, and that he paid but few visits to former colleagues of the Federal Government or other notabilities. General Ochsenbein speaks in the highest terms of the kind conduct of the French Government towards himself personally and towards the corps he commands." The Three per Cents. clowed to y at 61f. 80e. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f.; and the new Loan, at 62f. 75.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,090f.; Great Northern, 835f. ; Strasburg, 845f.; New Shares, 705f.; PariS and Lyons, 1,080f.; Lyons to the Mrediter. ranean, 1,200f.; Western of France, 715f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 632f. 60c.; Great Central of -'rance, 353f.; Lyons and Geneva, 652f. SOc. ; Bank of Cridit Mloblier, ,160f.; Austrian ailways, 691f. 25c. 0vs AaWn&t-PAjB,L% JTn. 12.-Cash PriceFour-and-a-Half per Centa. (not reimbursable for 10 yearss * 25c. 90f.; ditto second Lan of .1850(5 per cent, paid f 75c.; Tnree per Cents., 62f. 40a. 5c. l6f. 645. S8., ;,3. 5Oc. t;f. 60c.; ditto- first Loanef 1806(65percent. iZd), G2f., ditto, second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. mid), 4G2 O 90c. 50:.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paidT 63df: 62f. -C-0c. 5Oc. 60c. 5Oc. ; Treasury Bo1b, 5 per cent. for five months; Bank Actions, 3,135f.; Credit Foncie- 505!; ditto Obligations of 50., Four per Cents., 410!.- ditto, Tenth Obligation. Three per Cents., 92f. 50c,; Credit 3lobilier, 1,ISOf. 1,170f. I,lOJf. L,155a. 1,150f. 1,140f. 1,160f.; Discount Bank, C00f. 595f.; Piedmontese Fiver I Cents., 84!. 83f. SOc.; ditto,. Three per Cenia, 50;f.5W.; elia oa.00; ditto, Foor-ad-&llf p Cents, Romnans, S1; Spwanish Interior Debt, 34. Exchzge on ILondon, aisight, m:oney, 25!.35c.; three months, money, 24f. SIG ITALY. (BROY OU OW CORMPONDpE". lTURIN, JAN. 7 With the release from sequestration of several persons mentioned in my letter of the 2d inst., I hear from Milan that there is no truLth as to the Counts Arese and Borromeo having been so relieved, but that the CountVitaiiano Crivelli, a gentleman of well-known PRepublican principles, is the only person amnestied besides the Marquis Trivulzio Pallavicino. To-day the report of the Commission of the Chamber of Deputies on the proposed loan of 30,00O,0OOf. was distributed to the members; it is wvritten by the reporter of the commission, M. Giovanola, and is much praised. Count Revel demanded that a day should be fixed for the discussion of this project of law, because, he said, the financial condition of the kingdom would be mixed up with that discussion, and therefore i was desira'ble to secure the presence of as many deputies as possible. Cotnt Cavour proposed Mlondav next, and the Chamber accepted his proposition. On 3Monday, therefore, the great debate of the session wil coninmence, and in all probability will last several days. Left and Right will join to at-tack the Ministry on the taxes, and on the provisions as to the insufficiency of the warestimateswhich the Ministers combatted a year ago; but, supported as they are by the great majority of the House, which voted the treatg' of alliance and the participation in the war, the Ministers have nothing to fear. The Chamber voted to-day a bill for the levy of 1,000 sailors and workmen. It is desired to advance the Vittorio Emmanuele frigate so that she may be ready for sea in the spring, and for that purpose some hut dreds of workmen are necessary. The Mnister of Public Works presented a bill for constructin a a tunnel in the Col Menouve, in conjunction vIth the Cantonal Council of the Valois, a little below the Great St. Bernard. This tunnel, which is to be for carriages, will place the Val d!Aoste in communication with the Valois. At present the road is by way of the hospice, but itisa road only practicable for mules or foot passengers, so that the proposition is one of much importance to the inhabitants on both sides of the mountain. The Chamber then proceeded to discuss the budget of the M11inister for Public Instruction, and adjourned slhortly after 5 o'clockl General della Marmoraleft forParis tllismornimg. The budget for the extraordinary expenses of the Crime.an expedition has just been published in the form of a blmue,book of very respectable dimensions. It comprehends the calculated expenses of the military and nava departments from the commencement of the war to the end of 18a6, which are put dowvm at 74,239,532f. 67c.-that is to say, military departmient, 62,863,131f.; naval department, 11,376,401f. 67c. The expenses incurred from the 17th of March to the end of October, 1855, amounted to 23,631,8714f. 31c.-that is, 20,454,291f. 6c. for nilithry, and 3,177,583f. 25c. for the naval expenses, giving a monthly expenditure of 3,1l51,916f., at which rate the total to the 31st of December, 1856, would amount to 67,75S,698f.; but, in consequence of the increased prices of grain and provisions of all kinds, it has been tholgzht nessrytoinncrease the estimates by 6,400,OOOf., £astcoer all deands. The force wiiich left for the East was fixed by Royal decree of March S1, 1855, at 17,603 meni.e., 1,034- offices and 16,569 soldiers; but, in order to supply casualties in this force, which on the 1Nth of November last mustered 17,584, it was evidently necessary to increase the establishment of engineers, artillery, cavalry, commissariat, and waeggon train. Cholera and fever had mowed down many victims. The total deaths from the 26th of June to the 31st of October had been 1,632, divided as follows -Cholera, 1,211 ; typhus fever, 170; wounds, 30; divers maladies, 221. Of this number 56 were officers, 1,563 non-commissioned officers or soldiers, and 13 civil ernp!oySs. The loss of horses and mules in six months was 232 horses and 116 mules out of a total of 3,659. In the naval expenees is included'the sum of 1,533,375f; paid for the purchase of three steamers.
DEATH Or THE .RGHT HON. HELrRY GOUL- BURY, M.P. We deeply regret to announce the demise of the Right. Hon. Hemy Goulburn, 3LP. for the Unirersity of Cambridge. The right hon. gentleman expired at 3 o'clock on Saturday morning at Beechworth-house, near Dorking, after a very short illness, to the grief of the members of bis famnily, and the regret of a large circle of friends. The decessed was eldest son of the late fr. Manbee Goulburn and the Hon. Snsan Chetwynd, daughterof Viscount Chetwynd. He was born in 1784, so that he was in his 72d year. He was educated at Trinity College, Cambridge, where he graduated as MLA. in 180S, having the year previous been returned to the House of Commons for the borough of Horsham. In 1817, jdst after his entering on official life, he married the Hon. Jane Montagu, third daughter of Matthew, fotrth Lord Rokeby, and sister of the gaLant peer now with the army in the Crimea. The right hon. gentleman was made Under-Secretary of State for the Home Department in February, 1810, under the Duke of Portland's Ministry, and during the Administration of his Grace's successor, the unfortunate MIr. Spencer PercevaL At the general election in 1812 he was elected for St. Germains, and represented that niow disfranchised borough up to 1818, having in 1812 been appointed by Lord Liverpool Under Secretary of State for the Colonies-an office which he held up to 182L In 1818 he was returned to the House of Commons for West Lioe, and sat for Armagh from 182G to 183L MEr. Goulbum acceptedthe post of Chief Secretary for Ireland in December, MM21, and was then made a Privy Councillor. Hre filled fthat office under the several Administrations of the E.arl of Liverpool, Viscount Goderich, the Right Hon. George Canning, and the Duke of Wellington, when, in Larch, 1828, the sllustrious Dukce selected him to fll the office of Chancellor of thc Exchequer, and he thus became a member of the Cabinet. He continued at the head of the financial department of the State as Chanc7llor of the Exchequer until the Duke of Wellington retired in January, 1830, to make way for Earl Grey. At the general election in 1831 the members of the University of Cambridge were discontented with the Earl of Burlington (then Lord Cavendish)and Viscount Palmerston, unaceountoftheiradvocacyof theReformBil. hlr.Goulburn, who unsucessfilly contested the University in 1826, and the Right Hon. William Yates Peel were started in opposition, and aftera severe contestunseated the former members.Since that time the right hon. gentleman has continued to represent that University in Parliament, not, it is true, without occasional opposition, particularly at a recent election, when the veteran statesman was opposed by Lord Feilding. On the formatiou of Sir Robert Peers first MInistry in December, 1&34,3Mr. Goulburn:vws appointed Secretary of State for the Home Department, which he held till the Administration brok-e up in April following. When Sir Robert Peel was again called upon, in September, 1841, to take office, he selected MIr. Goulburn for his Chancellor of the Exchequer. He did not,. like many of his former colleagues in office, join the Earl of Aberdeen's Government, although he invariably gave the Ministry his independent support. Since he retired 'with the Late Sir Robert Peel, in the summer of 1846, the right hon. gentleman has taken no very active part in politics The late Sir Ro'bert Peel appointed himn one of his executors (Viscount Hardinge being the other), and guardian to his children until they attained their majority.
IINDIA. We have received, vu Marseilles, our letters anl I papers by the overland mail. The dates by thi3 arrival are Calcutta, Deoember 9, and Bombay, Deeomber 17. The following are the letters of our corre spondents ,CALC A, DEC. 9, 1855. " Lord.Dalhousie arrived in Calcutta on the 29th oE November, in excellent health andspirits. He has been absent from the capital ten months, and finds an enormous mass of bisiness awaiting his return. His first difficulty will be the final suppression of the Santal rebellion. The proclamation of martial law has produced but a partial effect. In some localities submtission has been theorder of the day; the wily savages have buried their weapons, and laugh at a force which they know wdi not punish them unless actually in arms. In Northern Beerihoom, however, they appear to hold out, and, accordinge to thte latest intelligence, were coneentratingtheir strength on Koomerabadand Sooree, the chief villages of the district. SeveralL skdnmishes have occurred between outlying-parties andthe tribes; butIcannob make details intelligible without a description of the geography of the region, which would merease this letter threefold. Suffice it to say that in four separate skirmnishes parties of Santals, ranging from 200 to 500 in number, have been defeated by onetenth their number-of sepoys. General Lloyd, who commands the attacking force, caught 38 men some ten days since. He hung six on the spot, and s-ntenced the remainder to transportation for life. Seedoo, the original leader, now lies under sentence of death; but Kanoo, the second in command, is at large, and is niuch the abler of the two. A few days wiDL probably bring. us the result of General Loyd's operations, and it oan hardly fail to be the submission of the savages. I am sorry to say there is still a strong feeling in official circles in favour of pardoning, or rather of overlooking the outbreak. It is, in truth, too much trouble to punish a whole tribe, and, besides, eglish ideas have a strong influence in CounciL The outbreak, wshich was, in fact, a vulgaar massacre, is styledl a rebellion, and treated as Englishumen treat a ' kebellion' in Ireland. The European public unanimously condemnthis leniency as an encouragement to rebellion,while the natives attribute it to the fears of the authorities. Various plans are proposed for their punishment; but the most popular one is, as I previously informed you, to render another outbreak impossible by compelling the Santals to open out their fastaeses-in short, to cut roads by forced labour. Such a punishment would be considered by the people of the plains eqtuivalent to our old penal infliction of labour on the roads, and would live for generations in the history of the tribe. At aU events, it would enable the Government at any moment to despatch a military force into the very heart of the jungles. The Count,cil however, is stiUl said to be unwilling to adopt any measure of the kind; but the ariTval of Lord Dalhousie may cause a ehange of policy. He has as yet made no signone wav or the other. " The bill prohibiting the export of saltpetre, I except in vessels bound to Liverpool or London, has passed the Legislative Council. Under its provisions| saltpetre shipped to any other destination may be confiscated. Shippers also are subjected to a fine of 2g. per ton. The bill, moreover, indemnifies al eollectors for acts done sice the 17th of 3November, from which date exportation has been prohibited. It has excited fierce indignation in the American merchants, who are principally affected. They complain that no notice was given of the measure, demand compensation, and affect to believe the transaction contrary to international law. The Vice-Consul has formally protested against the aet, and some English editors have hinted at all kinds of possible and impossible measures of retaliation. America, it is suggested, might prohibit the export of cotton, except to Trieste. The Governor- I General, it is said, neither attacks nor defends the bill. He simply pleads orders from England which he is bound to ooey. In the discussion on the third reading Mr. Peacock produced a new argument for the legality of the measuire. It appears that under some one of thenavigationlaws the Court of Directors possessed power to legislate for trade and navigation in the Indian ports. They did so legislate, and provided for this very prohibition in time of war. The now Chief Justice, however, held that I their biR had expired with the navigation laws, and the new act was therefore indispensable. " Another measure of some importance has been brought before the Legislature during the fortnight. By the modern interpretation of certain jshastras Hindoo widows are debarred from re-marriage. The betrothal, moreover, is held in this respect equivalent to marriagre. Girls are usually betrothed before they are eight years old, and, of course, there are thousands of widows in the country who never enter their husband's house. Mforeover, these unhappy girls are not only doomed to celibacy, but to slavery. They may wear no ornaments and eat no pieasant food, pass much of their time in fasting, and on all occasions taLe the lowest place in the household. These rules are obeyed to the letter, and the consequence is the almost universal demoralization of the class. A statement of the whole truth to civilized readers is im- possible; but 'I may point to the fearful preva-I lence of incest as one of the many evils of ths enforced celibacy. Nor can the widow emancipate herself and shake off Hindooism and celibacy together. The British recognize the native law of m- heritance, and the child of a re-married widow is therefore illegitimate by law. The educated Hindoos of Calcutta, who form a class by themselves, are impatient of this legal sanction of concubinage, and have appealed - to the Legislative Council to relieve them; M fr. Grant has therefore introduced a measure which, while it leaves the religious part of the question untouched, declares the marriage of a widow legal. The orthodox party are indignant, and, of course, decry the bill as an official attack upon their creed, I question if it excites much interest in the provinces. The law as it stands is disgraceful to a civilized Government, and the opposition to reform is trifling when compared with the opposition to the abolition of suttee. British supremacy survived that measure, and will survive this. It is more than probable, however, that the old Hindoos will petition Parliament. They are rich and not devoid of true zeal, and very willing to make that zeal patent in the eyes of all men. Their leader, Rajah Radakanto Deb, is a man of high character, extensive learning, and dogged obstinacy,-a thorough old Tory of the Church and State schooL Unlike most of the liberalized Hindoos, he is a gentleman, and this fact, together with his consistency and independence, extorts the respect of men thoroughly opposed to his views. " The 'Mlutlah question,' as it is called, approaches rapidly to a solution. The mercantile world in Calcutta has long been of opinion that a second outlet is necessary for the commerce of the capitaL this, they conceive, may be found in the salt water creek called the Mlutlah, which runs parallel to the Hooghley to a point within 25 miles of Calcutta. After a most wearisome amaount of discussion, the Chamber of Commerce has requested Government to buoy off the MIutlah. The request has been granted, and an enterprising firm, Messrs. Borradaile and Co., are about to load three ships there. They believe the ving will amount to at least 11. a-ton.- To make the experiment succeed, however, we needa railway to the new river. It would be about 30mileslong; and receiving, as it would, all the trade between the capital and its port, it must answerweell. It is hoped that the EastlndiaRailwayCompanymay take upthe project, and thus complete their line from the northwest to the Mutlah. The territory on the banks of the creek is a barren, desolate region'; but private speculation is fast clearing the jungle, and w/ith a little expenditure of capital the land may be redeemed. The Government displays considerable eagerness mn the matter. Messrs. Borradile were asured that not only would every facility be given them, but their losses in the experiment, if any, would be defrayed. It would be well worth the while of the Court of Directors to build the railway for themselves. Theywould save at oxie' half the expenses of their pilot establishment, which are rapidly increasing. - "Mr. Colvin, the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Provinces, has-notified that-wherever village schools have been establishedno persoii who cannot read and write will. be- appointed to any offical sitnation. Even watchmen on 3r. a-moxnth are included in this order. It will;gife great en- couragement: to the spread. of :vernicular'education in the north-west-an encou-agement thL moro valuable because the people have not that reverence for eduontioni which induiees Bengalese to submit to any saKcraiie that they may sec ttheir children to .cL.ool." , "B0fBAY, DEa. 17. " sne the ta of Eierat inio the hands ofthe Persian, and their nominee al'd creature, Prince YUZUf, Cf which. I gave you in my last such details as had thien reaehed us, intelligence from over the border hass dribbled in but scantily, and for the most part fromni sources that regder it less easily verified than usual. It besrs upon it, however, no stamp of improbability, either in regard to the apprehensions offDost Mahomed, the ferocity of the victorioiis party at Herat in its hour of triumph, or the subsequent quarrels of its leaders among themselves. You may recollect it being stated that upon the occupation of the city by the Persian troops, the life of the deposed Chief Mahomed Sadik Khan was spared, and that he and his principal adherents were treated with respect and consideration. Indeed, for an-Oriental revolution it appeared to be a singularly bloodless one. This-state of things, we are now told, did not long continue. M1ahomed Sadik was 'put to death, together with the whole family of Yar MIahomed, his father, with the sole exception of one woman, spared for the sake of her wealth, to produce which she was tortured by the most approved and recondite methods. A later report mentions that a quarrel had taken place between Prince Yuanf and one of his followers, in the course of which the former was aeverely, if not mortally, wounded. " At Cabul and Candahar the occupation of the frontier town af Herat by one of the exiled Royal race of the Suddozyes with the support of Persia appears to have laid to sleep the jealousies of the aruckzye brothers. Relinquishing, or postponing his own vipws on Candahar, Dost Mahomed wrote urgently to his surviving brothers of that place, entreating them to join him in sinking their family disputes, and in forning a powerful opposition to the common - enemy. The Candahar chiefs assented to their brother's proposal, and proceeded to call together the clans of their territory. The Aneer did the same, and it is said that the whole force if united, and joined by Hyder Xhan's troops5at Balkh, 10,000 strong, would amount to some ',000 men with 80 guns. AOn advance upon Herat is not apprehended, but rather such a demonstration in force as shall deter Persia from taking aggressive measures, in the event of such being contemplated. " Whether any application for aid has been forwarded by the Ameer to his British allies, or whether the application, if made. is likely to be favourably received, I have atpresentnoinformation. There has been, as was natural, some revival of the reports touching the despatch of a force to the Persian Gulf. These, no doubt, are premature, but I have good reason to believe that the papers connected with the last expedition have been under official consideration. WVith regard to Affghan requests for assistance, the appearance at Kurrachee of a young chief of the Candahar family may, it has been suggested, be connected witlh some such piece of diplomacy. The person in question is, however, ostensibly on his way to MIecca, and it is probable that the tomb of the Prophet and not Bombay is his real destination. " From the north-west frontier there is no news of any importance, save the rumour of an intended expedition from Peshawur against a Momund chief, by name Saadut Khan. Inwhat particularNwaythis individual has been making himself obnoxious we are not told; perhaps, because the offences of a border leader, possessing a stronghold in the mointains, need no description to maake them inteligible. It appears that this is not the first time that he has embroiled himself with us. 3Mention ismade of his having been temporarily dispossessed by us in 1842. The force to be employed on this occasion will consist of two reginents of infantry and one of cavalry, for whom Saadut Khan in his fort of Pundiala i said to be preparing a warm recePtion. "The affairs of Oudeypoor, the princiijal State of the Eajpoot confederacy, and hitherto one of the most peaceable and best-managed native principalities in India, are just now the occasion of a controversy among the different journals, in the course of which facts and inferences the most opposing and contradictory are put forward by the contending parties. It is alleged, on the onehand, thatthe Rana of Oudeypoor, from whom, in the days of our campaign on the Sutlej, emanated the offer, honestly made, and as such received, to garrison Agra and Delhi axd all Raipootana -with 20,000 horse, that our troops might be set free for the encounter with the Sil;hs-that this, our faithful friend, has been rewarded by us with a series of acts of oppression ending in a coercive measure which amounts, in fact, to a total loss of his independence. A treaty has, it is affirmued, been forced upon him in signing which he has virtually abdicated his position, and put an end to the oldest existing sovereignty in India. Blut it is urged, on the other side, and I conceive on surer groumds, that these allegations contain but a modiicui of truth; that there has been no oppression whatever, or, with regard to the Rana, any coercion. The British Government, it is averred, has notroaprio mtotu. interfered at all. The Rana and his vassal chiefs, finding it imuossible to settle certain difficulties which had for some time existed between them, submitted the matters in disputte to the arbitration of Government. An award was made in a spirit of fairness to both parties, and in particular of conciliation to the nobles, who were considered by the artitrators to be mainly in the -wrong. It was published, and the Rana has acted uniformly in accordance with its provisions. Not so the nobles, who, disregarding alike the commands of their Sovereign and the representations of the political agent in MIaiwa, refutse to abide by the awfard of their own arbitrator, and are endeavouning, by all kinds of intrigule, to obtain terms more favourable to themselves. It is they, and not the Rana, for whom measures of coercion may be preparing. Such is the account of the transaction given by the advocates of Government, who, however, admit that au armed interference on our part must, in the end, be prejudicial to the interests of the Rana. Of overt measures, the principal is the strengthening of the brigade at Deesa by Sir IL Lawrence's desire. The strong wing of Her MIajesty's 83d, at present quartered in Bombay, is to be despatched immediately to join the head-quarters at that station. "In Oude, since the fall of AmeerAli, no further disturbance has taken place, though accounts forthe most part agree in representing the excitement that so long prevailed to be as yet far from allayed. As is natural, the thoughts of many throughout India are turned to the anuiexation of this wretchedly misgoverned country. Siuch being the case, speculations are rife as to the mode and time of the transfer,thepensionand residence of thedeposedMonarch, and so forth. To some such speculations may possibly be due to a statement which is described as having been wvisely disseminated in Calcutta, -which is only a report, and yet is so very circumstantial that it seems to deserve a passing notice. It is to the effect that Oude is not to be annexed, but to be treated precisely like the kdngdom of Mysore-that is to say, that the whole a4hninistration, civil and military, of the kingdom is to be placed under the control of the Resident, who is to be kdng in all things but the name. The reportproceedsto specify the sum to be allowed for the Court expenditure, the streng-th of the military force, its composition, and the number of English officers with each corps, the subordinate arrangements in the civil department, and the contemplated mode of discharging the most pressing liabilities of the State. 5'Ziat, if any, amount of truth is contained in this elaborate "rumoutr" I am unable to say, but troops are gathering at Cawnpore, and we may hear ere long of something certain and definitive. "By the latest accounts from the Santal country we are led to hope that the last sparks of the insurrection are being rapidly trodden out. MajorCeneral Lloyd, on his march from Bhagulpore, the commencement of which I mentioned in my last, met with no opposition -to his advance; in fact, for some time he hardly caught sight of a single Santal, armed or unarmed. But on the 20th of NRovember a party of troops detached into the jungle surprised and dispersed a large body of the insurgents, followving up their succes,s with such effect that no fewer than 20 villages were given to the flames. On the 30th other detachments were sent out, one of which obtained an advantage evenn more signal, and perhaps decisive of the.fate.of the rebellion. It aleceeded in captuing the principal insurgents, who were still at large, and among them the leader, Kanoo. To the latter at least there can be ni doubt that the penalty of death will be awarded; twelve of the rebels, we aje told, have suifered at the bands of the executionera since the proclaniation of martial law, whilc-14 others have biniseatencad to transportatirn for life. Kanoo, -,then taken, is said to Ihave hnA bounid upon his ariD the breatplate of Lieutenant Toulmixn who, M you may remember, f a oin of thb !amishe. with the rebels.' "I {IereyltnW sy--f "Qtsnee, perh-apa, I failing to lend enchantment tothe view, or, perhaps, to r sense of the paramount importance of local as compared wifh imperial interests-but the proceodings of the miniature Parliament of Calcutta, with its first and second readings, its motions, and its orders of the day, attract far less attention. here than at the seat of the supreme Government. , A bill, however, that has lately been introduced into the Council has awakened a 3spirit of Opposition among the natives of Calcutta which has moved, but not as they would desire, their brethren of Bombay. The bill in question legalizes the marriage of lsndoo widows.' A very large meeting of natives condemned the proposed measureas an act of oppres. sion of the ' White VandaW (it being a well ascertainedfact that Genseric wasanegro),and subsenbed 50,000 rupees on the spot to carry on the war ainst the passing of the bilL. The indoos of Bombay, on the other hand, are about, we are told, to petition in favour' of the bill-a fact well deserving of notice. The Calcutta Baboos urge, of comae, that the reva-Mug custom is a past Of their religion, and that those who advocate the change are apostates and infidels.. One speaker, indeed, if the report errs not, felicitously called them ' a species of Gnostics mentioned in Gibboa's smcn History.' This (I mean the general assertion, not that contained in the lastclaiuse) may possibly be true. It may be that these Hindoos of the rising generation, driven from their ancient roadstead, are drifting on a shoreless sea of unbelief. This is an interesting cuestion, but one which it would be unseemly, as it is unnecessary, for me to discuss. For every Englishman it is sufficient to know the evils attendant upon the existing system, and he will desire its extinction; The Eindoo widow is not only condemned to celibacy, but is debarred from all society, is stripped of all her'ornament-so dear even to the poorest native woman -is forced to wear her head shorn, and is driven to perform the most menial and degrading household offices. Add to this that, owing to the universal practice of child-marriages, the girl is frequently left a widow before she has ever lived with her husbamd, and then attempt a computation of the annual amount of profligacy and child murder iluoughoiit India, and you -will see reason to hope that so fitful a source of crime as the compulsory celibacy and general ill-treatment of Hindoo widows may ere long share the fate of such practices as Suttee and Rajpoot infanticide, for all of which equally high sanction was claimed, but w.hich were, nevertheless, proscribed as deleterious to public morality. "The news from Burmahis confined to thearrival at Rangoon of Major Phayre and the Ava mission, and of Lord Dalhousie from Madras. The Bishop of Madras was there at the same time, and obtained or received the sanction of the GovernorGeneral to the grant of nearly a la< and a- half of rupees for the building of four churches in different parts of the province of Pegue. Lord Dalhousie arrived onthe 20th, andon the 24th made the second inhis series of farev,ells to the provinces of India. He reached Calcutta on the evening of the 29th. " I mentioned in my last the lecture delivered on the thanksgiving day by a Parsee-Dossabhoy Framujee-to several hundreds of his people on the blessings and freedom of the British Government contrasted with the tyranny and oppression of Russia. An epitome of the address has since been printed-too short to give an idea of much more than the lecturer's arrangenment of the subject, which appears to have been judicious and lucid; but concluding with a translation of a prayer offered by the speaker on behalf of the meeting and his countrymen generally. This effiusion, apart from its language, than which the most loyal Englishmaricould desire or use nothing stronger, is further notable as being, it is believed, the first prayer ever publicly uttered by a Parsee in his vernacular language-the Guzerathee. The Zendavesta and religious books of this remarkable people are written and their services performed in what is caUled Pehlevi or Huivaresh, the form assumed by the ancient language of Persia during the Sassanian dynasty, the last period of the country's independence. That language is to the majority of the modern Parsees, even among the priesthood, perfectly unintelligible. Latterly a movement has been made for a change in this particular-for a reformation, to use the term in a strictly analogous sense-and the utterance of this prayer by a Parsee in, the midst of EO many of his co-religionists may perhaps be received in evidence of the general feeling of the community upon th!e point. " TheBishop and Lord Ephinstone are, as when I Last wrote severally traveling in Guzerat. Sir HI. Somnerset and the head-uarters of the army come down here at the end of this week. "The tardy arrivals of thelast twomailshave called forth comparisons between the Bombay marine and the Peninsular amd Oriental Company, not, as heretofore, to the advantage of thelatter. Thile allthe large vessels of the company on the other side are in the service of Government, we may expect delay in the arrivals at Alexandria; but it is between Suez and Bombay that our mails have lagged of late, and for that we were not prepared. "Trade has not improved in the last fortnight. Money is getting scarcer daily; Government securities have falen, and the banks have raised their rates of interest 1 per cent." COM2ElERCIAL MTh'ELLTIGENCE. (From the Engs25nan-) CAncu'rrA, S.LTunDnv, Dec. S. We have been for some time in possession of the news of the 26th of October by telegraph, vid Agra, and letters are in from Bombay, but the lHindostan has oiily just arrived, so that the precise effect of the commercial intelligence has scarcely as yet been developed. The decline of another million in the bullion of the Bank of England, -with the confirmation of the rise of the 7ainirnimu rate of discount to 6 per cent. for short bills, and the still more unwelcome news that long bils (which, with the Bank of England, means 95 days) were not realizable under 7 per cent. and wvith further intimation that colonial produce was at last beginning to feel the effect of this continued tightening of the money-market; all combine to make evea thosc who have hitherto laughed at the caution we have felt it our duty to inculcate look seriously upon these nlmistakeable signs of the coming stomi; but circumstances befriend us even against the will of the most speculative, for, with the exception of indigo and rice, we really have no stocks of produce in our bazaars likely to be urged forv,ard, although {as the cause thereof) the quantities of all descriptions now a71oat are very heavy, and in the event of a general decline in prices must involve our shippers in severe lois; but it is satisfactory for us to find the opinion wre ventured to pult forth in our l.nst. as to the aibility of our community to bear such losses, shared by the committee of our Chamb)er of Commerce, wrho, in their haLf-yearly report to that body, say- " otwithstanding the past six months of unparalleled pressure on the money-market, arising from adverse exchangesinother countries, andfinancial measures of Goverameat in this, the gencral trade of Bengal has been and continues in a sound and healthy position." The Precursor steamerbrougit us China datesfrom liongkong to the Sd ult., and Shanghai the 25th of October. The Canton quotations of opium were for Patna, $481A ; Benares, $i49li; and lilalwa, $555. EBxcha3nge oa London w.as nt 4 9to 4 9per dolhar, and on Cacuttms22r. to 224r. per $100O, Thris enhanced value of the drug had the effect of raising its price with us, and an increase of tlle gross proceeds of the Government sale of the 7th inst. was anticipated, whvich wouldi have been highly acceptable to the Treasury but for the arrival of the Lancefield, with dates to the l9th nIt., whien, ow;ingto ageneral depression in the market, arising, as reported to us, from the scarcity of money, the drug had faDlen to 9$432 for P.atna, and $44 for Benates; and the letters state that if the shipments froma this from thell1th sale do not esceed 4,000 chests the above prices nay he supported, blit otherwisea further fall must boeanticipated, which, of course, has the effect of making buyers operate with great caution. At the Government sale of yesterday, the sale grossed 40,003,90Or., being nearly 2lacs in excess oflast Theedifferene in price of the Behar of 1853-54 and that of 185455 arises from the former beirn packed ithout the trash usually put in to preserve the drug. The Lancefield brings us about 11 Lacs in -old. At her departure the banks declined drawing on Ca!cutta, and 6 months' sight hills oni Londonwvere steadyat 4 9i4 per dollar. Ini produce we have been very mch at a standstill in the majority of rtiles, and mostly from want of stocks, the lightne.s of h'oldings in the bassars making the importers finn in their demand for late advance pnices, and which, with but some few exceptioiiave mostly been maintained. The news of the OctMcr sale E inig is ceet sidered quite as favourable as could have been hoped for and has given finuness to the article nith uS, a enabled Iplanters to place pretty extensively at fuflly t?ie opening prices of the season. The saltpetro question is settled against the petition' to the Councieof the American merchants, and, as a consequenc, prices have declined from 1 natoareeprmud. Vehave no aTr.S to speak of in the market, and the few lots t e are dear for Gret Britin. Rice. is in active demand for all parts, and the shipments of wheat are also continued, and at enhanced prices. Our market is-now bare of seeds - jute is freely suilied, and prices eaier. Raw silk is slii in moderate sepply, and prices n.aintained; combls have been, 8hipped freely. but have li.iterly been rather lass irtquired for. Fine 'lacdyo supports value, but the middling qualities are in'alees request; ahellacis i veiy small saipply and held for full prices. Our piece goods opruatials siuvc tho last wnl h:ive been tPa fair cxtent~ notwithstanding an app*rent du in the market, and lthoughtk inrimee of most articles riv am easier tendoncy, still on the whole rates have been ,tolitly suqpportexL Gray goods command most attention, the bleached being less inquired for. Prints, thouh les briil, sustain values, as do woollens, though it is late 3n the son for purclass TwFisthan been remarkably quiet, andmaot counts are looking downward. Metal are mostly without animation, coppr and spelter loging ground, iron rising. All other sorts hold previous position. Nothing more cheerin can be conveyed as to the state of our money-mnarket, which continues to exhibit sign of extreme depreoion, leading to no hopeful aIticipations for some maonths to come; in fact, the impression is Tery general that when the act ablisaing the usury laws comes into operatiou (as it will on the Ist proximo) the Ba-n of Bengal will hxve to protect itself from the loolked for dranu for rice puurchases in Pegue by afurEier advance in the rato of intorest, in order to compel some of it. borrows to lessen the amount of their demands upon its resources. The misfor'une is that the demand wll be for silver, in payment of the-BRnks own notes, and wbich demand must be met, and that to a very lage exteAt (esti. mated by Bome as amounting for kyab alono to not far short of a crore of rupees). The drain has omn menced by the shipments to Alcyab, in the fiast week of this month, of close ncon eight lac5 ef rupees, being the total of the hipmnents to that port in the whole month of December last year; now, although wo have good reason for statine that the Bank's stoekof specie has of late slghtly improved, and with some prospect ocontinued increae, sill, uess the Government were to comae to the aidl of the community, by partin witlh some of the specie now lrgely flowing to its coffers, i payment of salt and opium purchases we confes to haVing a very unfavourable anicipation of the effects which may arise out of the hea emand for silver at the present jucture; when, owig to the absence of Court of Directors' bills, all the payments for salt and opium are made in the Bank of Bengl notes or checks, which absorb the largest proportion or the value of Mint certificates taken by the nk as cash on account of its constituents. Government Securities.-We have not had much-f uctuation since our last, and, unless when under a forced sale, pnces have been pretty firm, say, for Company's fours, 13r. 12a. to 14r. a.; Siccas, 16r. to 16r. Sa.; News Fives, Ir. to lr. Sa.; and transfer paper, 5r. to 5r. a. discount, the latter quite nominaL We cose at slightly easier rates than the above, but with very little doing. I Shares.-We have had but few transactions recorded. Bank ofBengals are held finly, buyers plentiful at 6,625r., as well they may be, when the profits for the last five months are stated to be at the rate of 221 ,per cent. per annum, insuring a dividend for the iilf-yearat theoateof 20 per cent. perannun; profits whicharewrang out of the necessitiesof themerchants, causedby thewanton act of the local Government. The BEnk for the future offers to do the duties of the office of the Government Agency (about to be abolished), and which is a suitable task for it to undertake;e- but we thinkit incumbent Od the mer. chants to stir themselves and get the Bank's capital increased, or the virtual monopl it aossesses opened up to other establishments, In all other shares we have had a, quietfortuight, a few occasionally changing hands at previousprices, but with no activity. Exchange.-Business opened very shortly after the list mail at about the closin- rates, but at which buyers were not disposed to do macnu, and as time advanced drawers have been compelled to concede a trifle, and some heavy transactionstoo lace at2 21 forfirst-class credits, and i to I for document bilB at six months' sight; drawrers oilariml's, however, held out for and obtained 2 2, but of course the business was hmited, there being a good supply of first-rate foreign credits, though not as yet generally knovn in this market, which have been mostly sent out for rice purchases from Peue. The Precursor did not brig a large amount of ChinaTbills, norhave we heard of any being received by the ILncefield, the remittances mostly being in gold, which has consequently fallen in value here, vwhile the demand for it raised its price in China. At closing drawers are willing sellers of good credits at 2 2}, but there are no buyers, for, in fact, there isno more money to be collected, and the banks are full forthis mail; 90 day bills have been s old at 2 ls, and bank post bills at 2 02. Freights.-The heavy demand for tonnage for lice has sustained rates generally, and prevented that decline which might otherwise hive been looked for with our ample supply of tonnage and lar'e arrivals daily anticipaterL The final determination of 'Government not to pernit the fulfilmant of existing contracts for saltpetre.by American ships, placing as it has done a large amount of unexpected freight for Great Britain on the marlcet, also helped to sustain rates, but at present they lose unsteady at our guotations, We have not heard of many charters; one sip was tviken for Liverpool at 41. 15., or 49. 17s. 6d. for London; another, intended for the continent, we believe, at 5-. l5s. for Liverpool or Harre, or 61. for London or Antwerp, to call at Falmouth for orders. Country freights are falling fast; a ship has-been chartered for Bombay at 12r. SE per toa, and one for rtangoon at 10r., while for Mauritius the rate is notbettor than lr. 6a. per bag, and Coolies have been taLen at 38r. per head. To America the quotation is $13 to $15 per ton.
EGYPT AND PALESTTNB. (FPOOM 0T OW?' C CT *~~~~~A k-N5DRIA IJIAN 5. Said Pasha, the Viceroy, has come down to Alexandria from Cairo, and is contemplating another visit to the extremity of the Like Mareotis, where his Highness intends to erect a palace and make gardens, -which, as in all cases in Egypt, will be entirely neglected by his successor, when his time comes. Owing to the scanty rise of the Nile this year, a large tract of land which has not been watered will bo exempt from paying taxes, and to cover this deficiency in his revenue the Viceroy will curtail the salaies of the Government officials. The engineers sent out to survey the Isthmus of Suez have returned to Alexandria, and generally report favourably on the practicability of the canal to join the Mediterranean and Red Sea. The Pasha is highly pleased that his favourite project shouild be countenanced by the engineers, and their report is tobe sent to Constantinople, to obtain, if possible, the adhesion of the Sublime Porte to the scheme. Most of the engineers return to Europe to-day by the Austrian steamer. Lord Canning, the new Governor-General of India. isstillin Upper Egypt, and the Feroze, which is to convey his Lordship to Bombay, is expected to arrive at Suez in a few days. The railway between Cairo and Alexandria is now open to general traffic, and passengers come down in seven hours, the only break on the line being on the Rosetta branch of the Nile, where the ferry is not yet completed. Breadstuffs are rather dull. Freights, 6s.-d per quarter. Exchange on London, 084 piastres per pound sterling. Letters from Jerusalem state that at present the European Consuls in that city hoist their flafgs regularly on Sundays and al feast-days-a ceremony which has hitherto been jealously prohibited by the Turkish officials throughout the Ottoman empire, excepting at the seaport towns. It was first done on the occasion of the capture of Sebastopol, when the English, French, Spanish, and Anstian Consuls displayed their flags, and the Prussian Consul has since done the same. It is now becoming a regular thing for travellers to visit the interior of the Great Mosque, on thesite of the Temple. The Pasha of Jerusalem went so far as to, offer to the Jews to enter the mosque in order to pray for rain, but they refused, for two reasons, -fst, because they were all ceremonialy unclean; secondly, because they might have put under their feet the words of the law, which they believe to be buried under tbis mosque. The Jews, he6wever, went to the tomb of Daniel to pray for rain, which came next day, but unforunately soon ceased. Rain is very much wianted throughout Syria, and the inhabitants are enduring great sufferings, as prices of all provisions are very high. The Austrian Consul at Jerusa1em has receired from his Government a very large sum for the erectionv within the walls of the town of consular buildings,- an hospice, and a palace for the Archbishop of Vienna. The Latin Patriarch is building a palace for himself and a coUlge at Beit Sala, near Bethlehem. The Greeks are in possession of about two-thirds of theland within the walls of Jerusalem, generally supposed to have been bought with Russian money.
GmsoNATs AiN-D MOnTAX-VFEsS AT LIvxrnoor.. -The following are the names of the 14 wooden gunbouts .vhich are being built at the yards of 3ir. ,T. lAird, Birkenbead amd IAverpDool:-Te gnboats of 233 tons eachBeacon, Brave, Blazer, Brazen, Bullfinch, edbireast, Rainbow, Rocket, Rlose, and Paren. Four gunboats oE 211 tons each-Blossom, Gadfly, Gnat, and Garland. Mr. Laira is also butdIcng 15 iron mortar-vessels on the same plan as the one built at his I.ivrpoolyard, and succsflly tested at Port.neuth a fewv days ago. During the pest year Mr. Laird has launched aboult 20 vessels of an aOregate tonnage of upwards of 20,000 tom, including HerMiajesty's troopships Pesolute and 1900 tons.e; twr ships of 1,0D0 tons eh. four of 1700 tons ah, three of 1,200, and one of l,000 ton. Messrs.W. and C. MIi. ler, Ivterpooil abihuilders, are constructing eour woodeii thiboats forthe Admiralty, of asimilardassSo thosebnild saghy M. Laid CoatT-IAroK aBirwmE2r GuMr AU Dmvn-. this Vsid min raiolay trais is beu d a nei v ention about to bc applied thaeStVern andlway. E:very trn will have a gutta percba tube extendit its whn.e laagth. This tube will be forsueclof paxrts w,~c are attacied to each other by a spring clip, 3o that the l&gth of the tibe can hoe mde to eorrespond with the length of any train. This tub5e is cornnected: With an air -pumti in tho gadsvan in front, and with the guxrd's van at hie enld of the train. By a stroke of this pump the irF is forer through the tube to3 the oppate end or the tan, sad ro,. iduces a very loud and shrill wbhistle. at a.lvu,th pieob attaclked to the tube in eaehgmrdS-vn.d-touu.ouilh. piece w hich extends also closc to the engi:ue-mr,i-cr Onl whist.la means "1.ook out,"' twso whistes sal 'as'od4 - and three w histles derote iai,er. X* iQI
2IVAL AND MLITARY INTELIGENOE. Anofficial account from the Admiralty stU that Her 31awts ihip Ro* Albert arrived at Malta ot the 7thL ot Jaauas,r, all saf. Thb Cressy, 80 guns, screw steamship, Captain Richard . Warr. lft Sheerness on Saturday for the Downs, to wiat Admisalty orders. The Royal eorge, 102 guns, scew steamship, Captain Henry T.Codrington, C.B., having had her damage to maehimay asd defects repaired, has been put out of the ittingbasis, Sherness, to harbour moorings. Tb.e EA, 21, screw steam-corvette, Captain Thomas T. airch, it progreseing rapidly in her refitment, and will aiortly be reported ready for immediate service The loindon, 90, Captain A. Kuper, from the Mediterraaese, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday. She is to be taken to the Davonport dockyard and fitted with all speed to convey shot ad snell to the Baltic, where she will probably continue as a depot. All sdps preparing at Plymouth for service in the Baltic are ordered to be ready by the 1st of Mazrch. A considerable number of mechanics, principally shipwrights and shipjoiners, at Sheerness yard have demanded and obtained their discharge, for the purpose of proceeding tp the rhier Thames for employment at merchant yards. The inducement is the high rate of wes paid forjob and taskwork by private builders compared with the dockyard rate of prices for similar work. The non-commissioned officers and men of the Royal Sappers and Miners, Chatham, re under the instruction of Captain Francis Dn Cane in the use and working of the electric telegraph. Lancaster's elliptical bore rifle bas been issued to the 17th, 24th, 25th, and 26th companies of the Royal Sappers and Miners'; the 24th company is first for service, supposed to be the Baltic. Aiv order has been issued from the War-office to the nilithry authorities at Chatham that the corps of the Royal Artillery and Royal Sappers and Miners shall be furnished sith their daily rations from the Commissariat Department on the home stations, the ame as the cavalry and line, comnmencing.on the lstof February, An additional number of 40 sergeants and 40 privates of the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, are to be placed under Captain W. Nott, SWd Regiment, for instrction in the Enfield rifle practice. The stesmvessel Avon, from Portsmouth, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday, with seamen and 50 boys, for the steamshifp Brunswick, 90, Captain Yelverton. Only 16 of the 100 shipwrights authorized by the Admiralty on the 5th inst to be received at the Devonport dockyard have as yet entered. The hired sailing transport Bombay, Captain Flamank, from the Mediterranean, with 250 cases of muskets, arrived in Plymouth Sound on Friday evening. This ship belongs to Mr. Dunbar; she was originally employed by the East Indiz Company, and has been constantly occupied in the East since the commencement of the war. Having taken in ammufition and stores at Sheerness and Portsmouth, she left Cork in April, 1854, with the 14th Regiment, which was kndedat alta, and she thenproceeded to do duty at Constantinople as a storeship, and became for six weeks the reiAence of the Iate Admiral Boxer. After the troops embarked for the Crimea the Bombay conveyed Pick from Varna to Scutari, returning with healthy soldiers to Varns, and bacli again with sick to Scutari, where she as rtained as a floating hospitaL In April, 1855, she conveyed stores to Malta, and then took ammunition from Marseilles to Xamiesch, where she remained until the day after the fall of Sebastopol, when she went to Bsjukd&6 and embarked 1,200 men of the Turkdsh Contingent, who landed at St. Paul's, near Kertch; and the Bombay, returning to Scutari, tookin shot and shell for 3alta, when, there not beig sufdcient store room, she disharged them at Gibraltar, and left on the26th of December for England. The Pigry steamerwent out of Portsmouth harbour on Saturday oorniag With a mooring lump and a party of rigers, to hit the raft and mortar which sank while mnaking a trial of the Ref. Mr. Berthon's invention cn Fsy lat. The steamer, however, returned withcut cfecting the object, but they found the raft lying bottom upwards with the mortar underneath. They also idisooyered the body of the unfortunate man who ws drowned, which was so entangled with the gear of the raft that it could not beraised tothe surface of the water, andit still remnains. Tne poor fellow was gunner's-mate on board the Excellent. His name is Robert Charters, aged about 35. He leaves one child and a wife near her confineumet. Another-attempt Wil be made to-day to resce the body of the unfortuate mn, and to raise the raft and mortar. The following appointments were made on Saturday at the Admiralty :-Iieutenant E. C. Symons, to the Charger; lieutenant T. F. Bullock, to the Badger; Lieutenant W. 1L Cuniing, to the Lark; F. L. Barrington. Midshipman to the Blenheim; W. V. E. Reynolds, Surgeon to the Tartarus; John Fisher, Assistant-Surgeon to the Centurion; C. L. Cartwright, Assistant-Paymaster in charge of the Tirtanis; Richard Sainthill, Assistant-Paymaster to the Dake of WelDington; John B. C. Sullivan, Acting Clerk to the Ru-sell; William Flood, Acting Clerk to the Tartrus. The stea tranwsport Cleopatr arrived in Cork harbour en Thul?day, and was expected to sail on Saturday morning for the seat of wsr with the following draughts :-71 men of the Ist Royals, 37 of the 30th Ragimeat, IS of the 33d, 20 of the49th, 66 of the 50th, 20 of the 68th, and 100 of the E2d. They Wi be accompanied by 13 officers, and will be all under the command of Captain Fitzgerald, of the 68th. Major Hickey, commanding the dep6t of the 69th Regiment, in Kilkenny, has received orders to give volunteers for the regiments in the Crimea, permitting aU such of his men as vw-sh to proceed to the seat of war to volunteer. The depOt is at present 380 strong, and so ready were the men to volunteer for active service that it is expected not 100 men will remain behind. The Trusty, 14 guns, foating battery, Captain Frederick A. Camnpbe, and the Thunder, fBoating battery, 14 guns, Captin George H. Randoph, are both beinglitted with gutta percha speaking tubes leading from aft to forward on the main gandeck, communicating with the intended shotproof look-out house on deck for the officer in command giving orders for placing ship in time of action, and for giving, from any given number of gums a concentrated broadlside fire. M1r. William Wolfe Bonny, the inventor of this mode of commaunication during action, has recently been engaged in muperintending the fitting of similar tubes to all the French floating batteries now fitting at the French Boyal dockynrds. Second-Clas Surgeon Alexander Knox, M.D., stationed at Chathim, retires on half-pay. The following is the probable staff of the head-quarters of theRoyal Sappers and ;Mners at Chatham :-Colonel Henry Sandham, RLE., Director of the establishment; Lieutenafit-Colonel Yorke, Asistant-Adjutat-General; Major Hasswrd, RE., Asaist Director of Field-Works Captainl D. Scott, RE., Superintendento Survey instructions; Captain Fitrroy Somerset, Brigade-Major; Captain F. E. Cox, RE., Adjutant; Lieutenant Iempriere, Adjutant of the party occupying huts; Lieutenant Phillips, Instructor of Field Works. Quartermaster Jenkins Jones remains at Woolwich; Quartermater Thomas ConnoUy Chatham-; Quartermsaster Bradford to that portien occupy. ing the huts. THE M_ITIA. The folowing general order has been published:- " Adjutant-General' -oflice, Dublin, Jan. 7. I"The exemplary conduct, order, and regularity of the regmments of Irish 3ilitia on the occasion of their embarking Iate~at K ingatomn and Cork for England, and of the E ngh regiments of MElitia on their disemb&rking to replace them, have been mentioned in the most favourable terms by Major-General Cochrane, commanding the Dablin district, and by iajor-General ansel, commanding she Cork district. The General Commanding has had great satisfaction in receiving and communicating to the Fid Mashal Commanding-in-Chief the reports to which he refers, and which are so creditable to the state of discipline of these corps, to the exertions of the oficers in command of them, and to the depaental officers under whose immediate auperintendence the arrangement for the departulre and recep:tion of 31 reguments were made, and this service camied into effict. "By order of the GeneralCommanding ' B. HIIERB, MaJor, Assistant-Adjutant-Gene- raL for the Deputy-AdjutantGeueraL." The following regiments of Militia have embarked for England -The Antrin, Arinah, Cambridge, Cavan, Chare, Cork (North), Dublin (City), Galway, Kerry, Limerick (County), Northampton, Roecommon, Tyrone, and West aneath.t The regients of Mlitia which have disembarked in Ireland are the Bdford, Cambridge, Cheshir, Cuniberland, Devon &4j), Kent (West), 1ancashire (4th), Lancashire (5th),Iuucoin (Souath), Mfiddlesex (4th), iiorfolk (West), Northampton, Nottingham, Somerset (2d), Warwick (2d, Yorkc (1st West), York (3d West). The proceedingi of the coure-martiai nlinnatA B3. MNCausand, of the AragsLihlnatymilta, wr promulgaed at -Portsmouth on the 2 fJnayb ajreneral Breton, CDmadn h ot-etr Dit -t Lieutenant WCuln aspae ndtars at Armagh, on the 19th of June laat,underchtrges which i§ is not now nece y to dail nd, the c being submitted fronm the General Comadnth efsD. tict, General Thomas to rdSathecourtm l wa asemled at the Curra)s dircly ate *thari of the regi.meht there on the 10t of Sevtsber. The Cour was apin ze-aembled by order on the 12th of November 2he foloing is the it-cding, of the decision of the Cour as '"lEco~-mrti having atinweighe re^and rended the whole of tfse evidence bo hon tbe prtr cof the p ecuionfDd thcedefence,aajdha i- had du. deferenee to Her Majes4ys Cgmcou commnd'the cherationi of the legl Aiiser ohe he Crown, do Icrby reveric the* S fi ° QI<ilt> ant! do now ftnd the Vriaoner, IAeutenant A. B. M'Causland, of the Anngt Miit guilty of both the charges preferred agansmt him. "Thle ert-m,rtial. hving tlitti found the prisoner gu31ty of both the chargespreferred aginst him, do sentence Lie IEet nt A. B.s31Causd, of the Annagh Militi&, "Mer Majesty has been pleased to approve and conf the finding and aentence of the Court, "In consideration, however, of the recommendation of the Court in the prisoner's behaaf, and the grounds of the recommendation, Her Majesty was further pleased to eztend her most gracious clemencv to Lieutenant MCausland, and to comimand that hebe restored to the fnctions of his %omMision in the Armagh MlEitia; being severely reprimandied and admonished as to his futare conduct." lieutenant WCa&usandw&s placed underarrest at Armagh on the 19th of June, 1855, and the finding and sentence wero not promulgated Us approved and confnned by Her Majesty, untl the 2d of Januy, 1856-a period of upwards of ieixmonths.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-A letter having appeared in yours of the 27th lit., signed " Merator," relative to the hores emtloyed injHer iajesty's Dockyard, Chatham, contning fahrications cq4cu ated seriously to injure my character, I shall fed lohliged if, inl justice to myself, you will insert the endlosed ceritificaten I am. Sir vonr obedient serrant. C.YTART.FS WAIKER. Contra&At. Xennel-fas-, 3idstone-road, Chatham, Jan. 12. We certify thatt wehave carefrllexained 56 horses, tbe property of Mr. Charles Walker, contractor fcr horselabour mnthePoyda Dockyard at Chatham, and that we have found them, without a single exception, in good wrorking condition. The majority of the stud are young horses, and we have not dete a rav woud or Wlemish on any one of then. WIELIAM LOVEs GEORGE CHARLES SMITH, Officers of the Royal Society for the Prevention of Cuelty to Animals. 1:, Pr]l-ra#Al, London, Jan. IL
Srn G. HAYTEe' LAsr PieruRE.-After establisbing a high celebrity as the pictorial chronicler of Royal events, Sir George Hayter has for the last few years disappeared from the public gae But his penl has not been cdle; indeed he has just inislied a work of a far more ideal kind than any that he has for some time exhibitedL It represents the meeting of Bishops Ridley and Latimer at the stake in front of Balliol College, amid the cireumstances proper to the occasion. The pncipal figures in the composition are, of course, the two martyrs, who are embracmg each other, the dignity of the refined Ridley being happily contrasted with the bumble fervour of the unsophisticated Latimer. On one ride of the picture, close to the college, are ranged the Royal Commissionerswith the warrant for the execution, and the Catholi puarty generally, while on the othrside are, the friends of the martyrs ausong whom the most conspicuous are the fainting sister of Ridley and the gaoler, who is honourably remembered for his kindness to the noble prisoners, and is overpowered by the anticipation of their suffes. A ferocious, sinister-looking monk, who stops the mouth of a bystander just as he is about to utter a pious ejaculation, is another leading] figure, being moreover intended to boh'ze that repression of free opinion which characterizes the Roman church. The whole picture is com d with the greatest regard to symmetry of grouping an hron of colour, and in giving individuality to hisi figures Sir G. Hayter has turned to account his long practice in historical portrait-painting. The excpression is not confined to the faces, but extends even to the extremities, and the somewhat patronizing hands of Ridley and the uplifted hands of Latimer mamntain the contrab alrealdy shown by the diversity of countenance and of garment. Co.Nxeox ox FASE TDmmoxoy.-The case of Askha=Eyre Tennant, chymist and draggist, who wastried at the last Liverpool assizes7 and convicted and sentenced by Mr. Justice Wightinan to four years' penal servitude for a serious assault upon the person of Sarah Warrington, a girl 15 year of age, will be in the recollection of many of our reader-s. It IS unnecessary, therefore, to do more than state that the prosecutrix swvore that the offence was conmmutted at the prisoner's house, whither she had zjone to obtain medicines for her bedridden father, whom e had been attendiag. At the trial, 3Mr. Wheeler, who was counsdl for the defendant, called two boys, named Matthew Hutchinson and Thomas Harrison, who deposed to certain acts of intercourse with the prosecutrix at different times, which, if true, would lead to the conclusion that ahe was a persor of the vilest and most abandoned habits, and that the charge against the prisoner was only "trumped up" for the purpose of extorting money from him. lt was not deemed necessary to sustain the evidence of the boys by other testimony, although that could easily have been done. The jury, however, relyingn pon the uncorroborated testimony of the prosecutrix, and treating the evidence for the defence as unworthy of credit brought in a verdict of "Guilty,"to theastonishmentof thewhole Court, including it is to be presumed, the learned judge, who charged strongly for an acquittal. 3fr. Wheeler, being convinced thaa miscarriage of justice had taken place in the case of his client, and, beingstrengthened in tbs opinion by factswhichcame to light after the trial, put himself in communication with thel}ome Secretar, and bad several interviews on the subject with Mr. Justice Wightman. Yme of the jurors also presented to the leamed judge amemorial, and Mr. Wheeler prepared a memorial, containing the whole facts of the case, which was signed by the prisoner, and transmittedto Sir G. Gre, with a copy of thejurors' statement, the declarations of Mr. W. Taylor, inspector of saughterhouses and meat for 3anchester; Mr. John Hanock, butcher, and employerof Hutchinson and Harrison; Mr. John-Handcock, another butcher, strongly corroboratingthe evidence of the boys, and establishing the notoriously bad character of the prcsecutrix; anda certificate signed by a great number of the oldest and most respectable inhabitants of the district where Tennant was best known, testifying to the excelent moral reputation he bad always possessed. r. Wheeler had, yesterday, the gratification of learning, by the following letter from the Home-office, that his persevering efforts, in behalf of an anjustly convicted client had been crowned with success:- " Whitehall, Jan. 7, 185 "Sir,-The Secretary of State for the Home Department having had under consideration your appication on behalf of Aspcevi Eyre Tennant, I have the satisfaction to acqn aint you that, under al the circumstaces, he as felt vwarranted in advising HIer Mfajesty to girant thisprisoner a free pardon. "Ia n, Sirs your obedientservant, "H. Ii. .ADDLNsacOr. Thomas Wheeler, Esq., Hareourt, Temple." fue gEorCO FIRE oxh Manva opars.-This fire was lighted on Thursday night, in conformity with the previous announcement in the semev, buta ans expetuient pas not so successful as bad been hoped for. The materials of the fire consisted of the follooing combustiblesiho50 fagzots,h5 cords of wrood, 12 tar barrels, 2 barrelsoftar,2tons of coals, 3ror4loads of hoppoles, 2 load ofhfrde or gorse, fbarrel of naphtha, and poplar* tees. These were with great difficulty conveyed to the sumuit of tabIe "Worcesteshire Beacon," the highest point of the falvern ridge (1,444 feet abovethe sealevel), and artistically built up into a pile about 30 feet in height, the poplar trees bein'sunk in the ground outside, and bound together with iron woopmg. Shortly before 6 o'clock in the evening the committee and a arge body of people met atbthe foot of the aiLI, and, having formed into proceiat on, walked up the bill vith lighted torches, forming a curious spectacle until, reaching near the top, the lights were blown out bythewind. Atthetimethefirevwasalightedpitcis calculated that 1,500 people were assembled on the top of the hIh, which was parially covered vith esnow, and the cold inten Blue and red lights were first burnt, followed by a discharge of 50 rockets, calculated to ascend 1,000 yards The fire was lighted precisely at 7 o'ock (Greenwich time). Itdid not, however, give ot so largea fame ashad been anticipated, and the high wind which blew on the top of the hl thoughit ~s calm in the valleys) prevented-is ascendin1g high into the air. By 9 o'doekthe fire.lbegan to subside, but it was stil burning at midnight. From accounts received from various pointsof observation it appears the fire was seen at many distant elevated spots, while at others nearer it was not obsered, or only very ind'istinctly. At Worcester (eight nifles distant) the rockets were observed, but only a alight glimmering of the fire was noticed. Thousands of people had congregated on the elevated spots round that city. At Burdon-hill, in Leicestershire, the fire was distinctly seen yth the naked eye; and along the Cotswold range of hills through the eastern ede of Worcestehire, and through the centre of Glocestershire, it appears to have been visible. At Dudley a light, supposed to be the Malvern light, was seen. On Bredon-hill, near Tewkesbury, it was observed, and an answerig beacon-fire lighted, as also was the case on the following hills and outliers of the Cotswold range:Cleehill, near Cheltenham- Birlip-hill, between Glocester and Cirencester - Robin s-wood-hill, near Glocester;Churchdown, near Gilocester; and Horrepools-bil, near Stroud. The rockets were observed at Teowkeabur, but a fog rising, the bonfire was not visible. A partyassembled on the " look out" at Athelstane-hill, near Hereford, but returned to Hereford without gaining a sight of the fire, and anathematizin- the committee. Lk-outs near o Herefordshire, the Vrekin, Salop, and Taunton, Somerset, failed in detecting the lipht. AccirD1-r ox THE EEBAT NO1.IERTY RAIMWAY.- On Saturday afternoon, about 4 o'clock, an accident took place on this railway, betw een the Welas n and tfeld stations, a nasner train having run into a coal train, which was sIac1cenng its speed prior to entering a siding at the Hatfield station to allowf the pasenger tramn to pass it. The break van of the coal train and one of the coal waggons werenmuch broken, and the line was blocked up. the trafic was temporarily impeded until the necessary arrangements were made for woriDng all the trains on the down-line. One lady hacd her face cut, and remains at Hatfield, but all the other pasengers were able to proceed on their journey. THE CASx OF J&CKSON THE PAwwBRoxxl.-A memorial, praying the remission of the sentence on this person, sgnedbythewholeof the pawnbrokers of Bristol, as been forarded by Mr. H. G. tn, .P. for that city to the Secre-ta of State for the Home Department. TEE LA Aesx rT in 1M MnwDAY.--The body of Mr. Battine, the brother of Ensg Battine, still frsmi Wa found on Saturday aftemoon, about 20 yards fro the spot where the body of Mr. IfDonald was discovered. It ws conveyed toBrompton barracls. SUDDEN DeA OF A MALGIre.-We learn with deep regret that a much-respected and excellent gentleman, Mr. Beresford Boate, J.P., of Dongarvan, dropped dead in that town on Wednesday last, while attending the monthly fair, and in the very act of transacting business.. He feUi m the street, and whesr raised up it was found that life bad departed. This fatal event is attributed to a ruptre of a blood vessel within the pericardium. fr. Bo-te thouih 65 year of age, was a hale, strong man, of active habits of mind and body. In his in-tercourse with the inhabitants of the town his manner was ever kind and conciliatory; and, while his nolitical opinioss were strongly Conservative, he waxtolerahi of the opinios of others, and 3ver forget thAt he WnIn Irih-
MR. ROBJRr SOir NSz O6 RAr7 ki FS. Mr. . Stephenson, M.P., the president of the Institution of Civil Engineere, on taidng the chair for the first time aince his election, handedin anaddress, which was read by the secretary. After a complimeniary allusion to te- addresses of his prcdecessors, the president observed that he would apply himself to the great question of British railways, which were described as spreading, like a network, over Great Britain and Ireland to the extent of 8,054 miles corapleted ; thus, in length they exceeded the 10 chief rivers of Europe united, and more than enough of single rails was laid to make a belt of iron around the globe. The cost of these lines had been 286,000,000I.-equal to one-third of the amount of the national debt. Already, in two short years, there had been spent more than one-fourth of 286,000,OOOM in the war in wilch England was engaged; yet how small were the material advantages obtained by the war in comparnson with the results secured by railways. The extent of the railway works was remark-able they had penetrated the earth with tunnels to the extent ofmoro than 50 miles; there were U miles of viaduct in the vicinity of the metropolis alone. The earth-works measured 550,000,000 cubic yards. St. Paul's, in comparison with the mountain this earth would rear, would be but as a pigmy beside a giant, for it would form a pyramid a mile and-a-half in height, with a base larger than St. James'spark. d mzl ih Eightymillions of irain miles were run nnually ontho railways; 5,000 engines and 1SO,O0 vehicles composed the working stockj,; the engines, i n a straighti line, would extend from London to Chatham; the vehicles, from london to Aberdeen; and the companies employed 90,400 officers and servants, while the engines consumed annually 2000,000 tons of coals; so that in every minute of time 4 tons of coal fashed into steam 20 tons of water,-an amount sufficient for the supply of t;he dometic and other wants of the town of I;iverpooL The coal consumed w as ralmost equal to the whlole amount exported to foreign countries, sand to onehalf of the annual consumption of London. In 1854, 111,000,000. of passengers were conveyed on railways; each passenger travelling an average of 12 miles. The old coaches carried an average of 10 passengers, and for the conveyance of 300,000 passengers a-dcy, 12 miles each, there-would have been required atleast 10,000 coaches and 120,000 horses. The receipts of the railways in 1854 amounted to 20,215,000, and there was no instance on record in which the receipts of a railway had not been of continuous growth, even where portions of its traffic had been abstracted by competition or new lines. The wear and tear was great; 20,000 tons of iron required to be replaced annually; and 26,000,000 sleepers annually perished *30o,000 trees were annually felled to make good the loss of sleepers; and S3,000 trees could be grown on little less than B,ooo acres of forest-land. The president considered at some length how these annual depreciations should be met. The principle of a renewal fund was questionable. After a certain period in the history of every railway deterioration reached an annual average, and as tlat annual depreciation became a charge as fxed and certain as the cost of fuel or the salanes of officers, it should be admitted as an annual charge against receipts. As regarded fares, the interests of the companies and of the pubic were identical; companies mustregulate fares by consideration of the circumstances which produced the largest revenue, and the circumstances which produced the largest revenue were those which induced the greatest number of individuals to traveL Nothing was so profitable as passengertraffic, as it cost less in every way than goods, andanaverage train would carry 200 psengers. The cost of running a train was overstated at Is. 3d. per rile, and 100reasedoraforat five eighths of id. per mile broduced 5s2r.Btthis argument did not imply that in all cases fares should be fixed at a sninimusns. Miniinisre fares were most profitable on short routes;* but the public were too much occupied to be tempted by rnini,nust fares to nndeztake long journeys. High rates of speed and increased comforts were then required, and these might be chargedfor. Every case, therefore, should be treatedin consideration of its local circumstances. The postal facilities afforded by railways were very great. But for their existence Mr. " Rowland Hill's" plan never could have been effectuaUy carried out. Railways afforded the means of carrying bulk, which would have been fatal to the old mail coaches. Every Friday night,, at present, when the weelly papers were transmitted, 8 or 10 vans were now required for Post-office bags on the NorthWestern Railway, and this use of 8 or 10 vans implied, at the least, the employment of 14 or 15 mail coaches; and the expenses of 14 or 15 mail coaches to Birmingham could never have becuksustained by a penny postage. For this great blessing, therefore, the nation had to thank the railways. They were the great engines for the diffusionof knowledge. Government never could have carried She Thime,, of its present size, on the same terms, by the old mail coach. The Parliamentary blue-books never would have been printed; for, except by canal or by waggon, they could not have been distributed, and if they could not have been circulated they would have been useless. Nevertheless, the Post-office did not appear to treat railways with all the consideration they were entitled to expect. Great services were required, and, in return, it had been contended that no proft should be allored to the railway companies, except as carriers and workers of the line. Railway companies were, therefore, indifferent to postal traffic - which was shown to be a serious disadvantage to the publrc. At present the Post-office competed with railways as carriers of book parcels, a principle which might be extended still further, but not without injustice and hardship to the rail- ParEamentary legislation for railways was full of incongruities and absurities, which were graphically described and ilustrated. The acts of Parhiament which railways had been forced to obtain had cost the public 14,OW,0001. sterling. But this was shown to be the exclusive fault of Parliament itself, and of the system it enforced. The legislation of Parliament had made railways pay 70 milions of money to landowners for land and property; yet almost every estate traversed by a railway had been greatly im- roved in value. Parliament had taxed the companies in favour of the landowners, for what was called "severance." Claims for compensation for "severance" were based on theories which were wholly ideal and imaginary. No one had ever been able to show a practical loss by "severance," and the claim was often made as " customary' where it was even admitted that no ground for it existed. The remaedy which suggeested itself for this state of things was one which Parliament was not likely to grant. A competent tribunal was wanted, and Parliament was incompetent. Neither its practical ex~perience, its time, nor its system was ada p ted for railway legislation. If a mixed commissioncould beorganize~d, to consist of practical men of acL-nowledgedlegal, commercial, and mechanical ability, there might be some chance of railway-business being efficiently conducted. But it w.as admitted that there ws little hops of any such concession. Railway management was next considered, and shown to be completely anomalous. Parliament had legislated for railways as toll-taking companies i but every direction was obliged to embark in enterprises foreign to the Parliamentary objects of the railway itself. This produced serious dilemmas.- As long as dividends were kept up the directors were popular, howeverillegaltheir acts; but the moment dividends fell, the directors, however energetic, wise, or prudent, were visited by the shareholders and the public with al the penalties of having exceeded the letter of the law. Men whose reputations were at stake were, consequently, unwilling to incur the risk of becoming railway directors; and the most enlightened managers and shareholders were revolvig in their own mninds howv the dilemma could be escaped. It was suggested that advantage might be taken of the Limited L iabilityAct, or of some analogous measre, to enable a l;mited number of men of business to take lines of railway from shareholders on leases, subject to certain conditions and terms. A few of the lessees would then constitute themselves manages, and, being free from apprehensions on account of shareholders, of external interference, or of personal liabilities, they-would be able fullyto -work the line and enterinto those enterprises necessry for its development and essential to- its prosperity. A-large profit would accrue to those who took th line, and managed it ith- vigourandeconomy; while shareholders would derive great advantages from the certainty of receiving Sxed dividends, and from the enhancement of tue value of their property, and practical security would be afforded to the public, while their best interests would be consulted. The electric telegraph-that offspring and indispensable companion of railways-was next considered. 7,200 miles of telegraph, or 36,000 miles of wires, were laid down at least. 3,000 peoplewerecontinuallyemployed, and morethan 1L000,000 public messages were annually flashed along this " silent highway. To the working of railways the telegraph had become essentiaL The needle was capable of indicating at every station whether the line was clear, or blocked, or if accident had anywhere occurred. The tele- gaph could, therefore, do the work of additional rails by imparting instantaneous information to the officers, and enabling them to augment the traffic over those portions of the line to wrhich their daty' might apply. It also enabled large savings to be effected ma rolling stock;, by affording the means of supplyin such stock to any station at which it was needed trem some other station where it had accumulated and was not wanted. The mode in which this system was worked was described, and its simplicity was commended. As a perpetual current was psing through the wires, the guard or engine driver had only to break the train-wire in case of accident, and the officers at the nearest station were instantaneously apprized that something was wrong and that assistance was needed. Some statistics were gnven to show that the business of the Electric Telegraph Company had increased fiftyfold in seven years. Raiw'ay accidents occurred to passengers in the'first half of 1854 in the proportion-of one accident to every 7,195,343 travellcrs. LAdies and gentlemen could scrcely "sit at home at ease" with the impunity with which it appeared that they could traiel by ra wvay. HXow frequent, compa. ratively, were the accidents in the street; how fearful the misadventures to those " who go dowvn to the sea in ships," Yet Parliament had seen fit to legislate expressly for accidents by railway, without legislating in the sme way for accidents from other'sorts of locomotion. This was unfair to railways, and ill-calcuiated to afford protection to the public where it'was most needed. Lord Campbell's Act, also, measured mendslives by a class standard. The family of a high public functionary would get large compenstion, while the family of the poor working man would get nothing. The prati6al tendency of this law was to retard the adoption of low fares. Railway managers were conriDed to consider not only what they might gain, but what ey might lose; and the larger the number of pasengers, the peater the risk'f accident to some of them. The compaes were, practically, oblOed to innse the life of every person who travelled on their line, without being able to apportion the premiums to the risks incurred, The results of'Iiraiys vere aistoundis-90,000 men were employed directly, and upwards of 40,000 collaterally; 180,000 en, writh their wives and families, represented a population of o00,000 aenls; EO that1 in oO of the entire population of the kingdom might be salute be dependent LpOn rilwys The annual receipt of railwrays now reaehed 20,000000L *er nearlyhalf the amount of. the erdinar rcvenBi of the St,late ilvintsrcue.wer sus wpema4. the sameamo~t o£~ traffi Idesot be eridonTndarr a cost of 60,000,0001. per annumn ;to tat 40,000,0OOI.-e-ar. were saved bg'railways. Totlie publie ">Sue ismnoney,'sand in point of timea further saving was effected; for on every Joun averaging 12 miles in length an hour was saved to 111,000000 passeger utrann , w;hich vas equal toi 38,000 years ithe iof man, working eight hours a day: and allowing an average of 3s. pcr demn for his work, this additional saving was 2,00,000L a-year. Tne moril results of railways were equally remarkable; railways were equalizng the value of land throughout the kingdom bybringing distant properties practically nearer to the centre or consumption, and by facilitating the transit of manures; thus enabling poor lands to compete with superior soils. The stunLuss afforded to national industry was exempliied, by the progress of the boiler-plate manufacture; and the increased comforts afforded to the people were illustrated by the extraordinary progress of the 9sh trade and the development of the inland coal traffic. It was observed that, before railways existed, internal communication was restricted by physical cireumstances; the canal traffic was dependent on the supply of water at the summit levels, and upon the vicissitudes of seasons of either dlrought or frost. Railmny communication was free from all these difficulties, and every obstacle that nature had opposed science had hi'serto effectulaUy surmounted. The address concluh adwith some words of practical application. The duty devolved on civil engineers of improving and perfecting thnis vas stem. Every farthing saved on the train mileage of thedgdom was 80,000Z. a-year i gained to railway companies There was, therefore, ample naeld for economical appliances, and, therefore, no economical arrangement, however trifling, was to be neglected. Notbing would afford the president greater satisfaction than that from his observations some sound practical improvement should result toa system with which his name, in conse? quene of his father's works, had been so largely associated; for, however extensive his own eonnexion with railways, all hethad known and all he had himself done was due to the parent whose memory he cherished and revered. Referring to the benefits derived from the institution, the president observed that it was the arena wherein had been exhibited that intelligence and familiar knowledge of abstract and practical science characterizing thepapers and discussions, in consequence of the constant intercourse vithin itswvalls, professional rivalry snd competition were now conducted wn'th feelings of mutual forbearance and conciliation, and the effort&of the members were all dire'eted an the pathi of enterprise and towards the fair reward of succeasfel skilL. The husiness of the civil engineers, from a craft, had become a profession, and by unon and professional uprightness a great field was opened to ener6y and knowledge. As to the proposal for shortening the tenure of the office of president, his opinions were well knon arnd remained snchanged; his mission, however, now was to conform to anycus that was deemed for the general good,; and al he askedwas the support and assistance of the memboers. while he devoted his beat energies to the perfornce of the duties of the offiice to which he hadbeen elected.
THE METEOR OF THE 7th IHST. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIEMS- Sir,-The interesting account of the appearance of the meteor of the 7th inst. at Sevenoaks and Blackheath suggests to me the propriety of placing one or two facts regardang its aspect in this low position on record in your columns. At the instant of its dashing through thu terrestrial atmosphere I chanced to be ,passing along an open space, with my side towards the sea. The sky was perfectly cloudless excepting for a low fog bamk in the far west, and the twilight was so strong that it vwas scarcelya departure from daylight. Nevertheless the light of the meteor was so intense that it startled me as a vivid flash of lightning would have done. My first impression was that it was a very brilliant rocket, and it was only when I had had time to make the reflection that it was going the wrong way that my attention was sufficiently fixed to enable me to notice carefully what was occurring. This, however, gave me abundant oppori-tunity to observe that the descending luminary was of a blueish white tint, and had a very large apparent diameter, certainly not less than from seven to eight minutes of angular measure. It fell exactly as is mentioned in Mfr. Rogers' description. For an instant it left behind it a ividly incandescent line, very much resembling the traek of a sky rocket, but much more finely and strongly defined against the sky. My attention was very closely given to this part of thep penomenon. Gradually I perceived the fine im of mcandescence was acquiring breadth. In three minutes I could distinctly see that it was a broad column of reflective vapour illuminated by the rays of the sun, then below the horizon to the terresrial snrface here. But there Was an interval before this, when I could not satisfy myself, by the most exact mcction, whetherthe line was emitting err eecting light, whether it was a fore streak orastreak of illuminated vapour. It is my impression that it very gadually passed from the one condition into the other. 'The burst of blase was so sudden and instantaneous that it attracted my observation on the instant, and quite involuntarily. I fancied that I was sensible of a distinct hissing sound, but, being at the moment deeply engaged on a far different train of thought, I could not command the trustworthy evidence of my senses for two or three seconds. Upon reflection afterwvards I was very doubtful wyhether it was not simply the first involuntary idea of a sky-rocket having been fired, that carried with it by association the notion of the sound always accompanying such an incdent. If I had been asked previously to this eflection whether I had done so, I should unhesitatingly have said I did hear a rush. Now, I am simply in doubt whether I did or did not. The altitude of the frst burst, estimated by the top of tghe visible remfaining trace of its track, was very considerable here. It was certainly more than 40 degrees above the south point of the horion. I think it was 45 degrees above. I wAas too far from home to get the chance of making any instrumental measurement, but, as I am practised in making estimates of angular measure by my eye, I am quite sure of my statement wgithin this amount. Therefore, with a base of 52 miles in declination (the difference of the parallels of Ventnor and Seven. oaks), thle parallax must have been aAt least 20 degrees. This would give approximately a distance for the meteor of about 130 miles from Sevenoaks.. It is, however, my impression that the meteor was much nearer to Ventnor than to Sevenoals. According to Mr. Rogers's observation the altitude of its top was 20 degroes and it vanished 12 deees above the horizon. To me the altitude of its top was aBove 40 degrees, and I certainly saw it within 10 degrees of the horizon. The length of its fall as about eight degrees to M r. Rogers; to me it w.as 30 degrees. The linear dimension of the fall was a larger angular quantity to me than to Mr. IRogers, in this proportion, on account of its beingz a nearer object (traced in its columnar light) to me than to him. 'sh,e apparent dimensions of the vapour column, however, grew gradually less as it sufflered dispcersOion. Before it faded-entiredy it was diminished in apparent length by more than one-half. It evidently drifted rapidly upwards and outwards as it faded. The form of the vapour column was exactly that which M1r. Ember describes-wand-like with taper extremities -then its ends began to drift opposite ways, and its genera outline to become more and more sinuous. It was vnsible heTe for 20 minutes. after the first burst of the meteor. The column continued to grow broader for several minutes before it began to contract its dimensions; then it affordedobvious indications of the "approach of dissolution." I think, however, that the rapid descent of the sun beneath the horizon had as much to do with its final disappearance as the dispersion of the vapour. I am. Sir. yev truly vrn- ROBERT hA3lf Sf AN T. b BUis ronw =U.RDi c.-Sine the icsquet on Thmrsday, at Burnopfield, and the committal of Johni Cain and Richard Rayne on charge of murdering Yr. Etir. ling, the c6roner, Mr. FavUll; hxic ved & her let'r from the Home.office. Sir George Grey atAtes, that he *i11 adviLe Her Mfajesty's gracious Vir to y er nr murdered, on the letof November, in rsectof an fetc whbich he or she may have -committed in teriJsni sae, cftheaai& ± itiriing. T}he two prsocrh0ecn semoved to DurbansCaol F.RJLS. Ventnor, Jan. 1L TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The meteor of Monday, the 7th inst., was in several respects so remarkable that I am induced to send you a few particulars concerning its appearance at this station (lat. 1028 N., long. 10' 2@' W.; height above the sea, 228 feet), inorder to furnish another lnk in the chain by which its exact position, &c., may very probably soon be ascertained, My attention was directed to the heavens at 4h. 55m. p.m., Greenwich4ie. . Ithen sawin theazimuth of 2 de. grees E. of S.S.E..aiidat-analtituile of 8 degrees, what ap- eared like a compact portion of very bright cirms in the form of an elongated letter "S" -eversed, the edges of which were shaaply &fined, especialy towards the lower end, which terminated in a point, while the upper end was more expanded ard softened off, somewhat Ike the tall of an ordinary comet. The whole was included in a rectangular space measoring about 3degrees by half a degree of a great circle. The mean diameter of the band of light was about quarter of a degree. Thae brightest part was about the middle of the- lower curve, and on the side towards the sUon There was a peculiarly silvery brightness about this part The longer axms, at frst nearly vertical, became gradually horizontal, the upper part fallinz towards the E. The whole gradually became fainter till 5h. 5m. p.m., when it disappeared The two extremities disappeared f£rs, andwhen last seen it presented the appearance of a thin, faint, nebulous line of light, paralel with the horizon, and about half a degree in length. Besides the alteration of the parts inter e, the position of the whole in the heavens underwent a gradual change, slightly rising in altitude, and moving about half a degree towards the E. The sky was nearly cloudless at the time, vith a hazy bank of cumruua in the south-western horizon. It may be worthy of remark that some irri, which were seen earlier in the afternoon, were moving in a direction similar to that of the nebulous haze. I beg to remain, Sir, your obedient servant. W. . BUEDERD I - UUton, Jan.Y.U TO THE ED1OB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The extraordinary meteor noticed in your journal ef the 8th and 9th ult. was seen here in the S.S.W. on mMonday, the 7th, at about a quarter to 5 o'clock in the Afternoon. Its appearance agreed in the mainwith the description of your correspondents, the chief variance consisting n its emitting lateral sparks of fire as it shot towards the earth, which kept increasing until it burst immediately on entering a somewhat dense cloud. Its course was distinctly marked for some time afterwards bya brgts kof light, which varied with the -wind, until it faded away in forntlike unto a sickle. Some boys, on seeing it, exclaimed, " There's themioon a- coming down l"-an inpreseion not unnatural in them, as in size it appeared to vie with that luminary. It may be interesting to your readers to know that the. meteor was visible over so large an extent of country, which .must be my apology for.tronblingvou. - - - I~1 am, Sir. vours. La.. R. P. W. |ScArtbo, Gximvby, Jm. 10.
LAW REPORT. CIOMT OF CHLCEAY. 1ol@n 'slm. J3& .1. -1 STfolIONS V. ROSM - (Before-the LORD :CH"AOMlLOn.1 tJ3iis pazt-heard appeal from a decree of the 3iaster of the Rolls was this morning resumed. The question, which. arose under the ill o ewis Roe, late of Buy Manor Fann, White Wgaltham, in the county of Balrks, was whether eertain debts and legacies were to be paid out of the real and personal estate rateably, or whether the realty was only an abiharyfund for that puxpose after the personalty had been cehausted! Ihe testator, in the first place, directed all his just debts, funeral and testamentary exjen to be paid, and, after specificaUy devising certami feeholds, ae a devisd to au the rest, reidue andremaindeof his freehold and copyhold nessuages, tlands, erditaments, and tenements, to three` trustee., upon trust to sell ad absolutely dispose of the sarief; and then stat-ed his will further to be, "1that the mone~ys which should arise by or from such sale or sales slould be deemed to be par of his personal estate, and that the clear yearly routs and profits of the said hereditnaents and premises in the meantime until the same slould be sold, or of o mnuch thereof as shoudi be refmining unsold, should be deemed to be'part of the annual income of lhi personal estate ; and that the same moneys, rents, tnd profits should be subject to the dispositions thereinafter maade concerning his esonal w estate and annual irtcome thereof respeatigelys oThe testator then gave and bequeathed his personal estate to thpe same trustees upon trust tope out and invest the sameginthe ank of Englandtint he rcal cent.te Annuioieand upon trst to pc y the bequests and eir-atla hafnd net of ei oftetsaorws ehr anderpthepbefore-mentioned words of the e legaies or nlypro etdwiththeprocedsof the realI estates. Theeanter oeforle this Celdrtht dethe testator aha madethe real ad personalestat es renetydd comm fund for the paymnty ofro hisdetsand legacbieahons, andbdcteda sale of the r realestatesnuxlarfn for the purpocarryingthat object into Mle. Danieland Mr. Ei. T. Snithl rde fofr the appeuat (the heir-at-law); end , M. Lloyd, :eLrs. Palmer, Mr. G. L Russell, Mr. Lavin, Mr. Hughea , and Mr. Haynes for the several resondents. Mr. SienUm having replied, The LonD C ttcEn te qusin raised by the appeoal was, whether the dir ow of tile testator for the sale of his real estates was eqtivalent to a direction that the sproceeds of the sale should be applied rateably withf the personalty in the payment of the debts and legacies T weiroughton v. Broughton7' IL .of I..Cases), and `Tench v.Che&se," (a ese recently before this Court) decided that a charge created by a testator on realty dUi not relieve the personalty from its legs! obligtions, but only made the real atate an auxiliary fundrfor the payment of such legal oblgtiord s. Neither of these casos, however, aRd any application to a case where t-he testator had constituted the realty anda prnalt n omoud In such a case as thtSrJh ec held, in "R oberts v. Walker" (I It. and H.), that the real estate had not onlytoheartheburden of the personalty to the extent of any deficiency in suchi pronalty, but was conjointly liable ~with it. This principle had been actea upon for a period of 25 years, ancl it was nowv, therefore, too late to question the soundness of the decision. Communis crro rfaceitcr-, and, consequently, whatever maighit be his (the Lord Chancellor's) opiniion upon that case, he should be acti:ng wrong inxdisturbing it. As at present however advised,, ethoughtthe Master of the Rolls had come to a sound conclusion; but, as there were so many case beainguponthe uesion,he wuldtake an opor tunty f lokig ito hembefre inalydisposing ofthe~ mater;andortha pupos te cse oulbeplacedinnext
VICE-CHANCELLOfRS' COE.TS. SATTrnbA-r T.,- 19 __ SCO1W V. THE CORPORATION OF IaVERPOOL. (Before Viece-Chanceldor Sir J. STITAIT. i aims case came :nefore the Court upon demurrer. The wasfild gaist hecorortio ofLierpoland their en._neer ..9. Hawksley, for an account of works exebuted nby The plaintiffs for the corpo and jfor payment of the tatd the account betwedeln trhemsle s °Pthabi°nd the coerpration 'were of too complicated a nature to be ae tcmo law. The bl set forth certain specifications, and a contract dat-ed in January, 1852, under which the plaintiffs- undertook andl performedp rtions of the works for better su1lying ther f v hich oLrpool with water by virtue of ite provisions of the Liverpool Corporation Waterworks Act (1847), and other acts for the same-purpose. Thie plaintiffs undertook by the contract to execute the before-rentioned works according to Mr. Eawksley's directions and suliject to his awards and certificates, and the contract expresly provided that the engineer *f the corporation shouldl not be made a party to, or be required to defend or answer any bPll or proceeding at law or in equity at the instance either of the plaintiffs or the corporation, and that he should not be comen lae to explain any matter relating to any certiftcate r ward by him or in what manner he settled or omitted to settle any matter betfeen the plaintiffs and the corporationj; an that if the engineer should be put ta an expense by any such means, his expenses should be paid to, him by the plaintiffs and the corporatiox jointly. The biU prayed for coasts against the corporation, and 2tYf. HAwksley and the latter now demurred to the biLl M1r. Wigram and Mfr. Hawkins appeared for Mr. Hawlslcy in support of the demurrer; and la. afImsn and M1r. armslake for the plaintiffs. The Vicz;-CHANcauL.osisaid, that suit-s of this nature had not been unusual of late. The bil char'ed that Mrx Ifawksley had refused to certify, and that helad performedI acts and made omissions whichi rendered it proper that he should be made a defendant. Such a contract as that out of which this suit roewas of an imroper kidnd, for it contained terms which affected to exldjn cutfo uris. diction in certai eases Itprvddtath engineer should not be liable to any proedns siuainof that nature could only be treae awstppe.It might be said, such a stpltinaoutdofeeeaea at; but a release as afcigfadoudotbe treated as a releasqe ab ante to whicthCorcul give effect. The bill having alleged active conduct on the prof 'Mr. Hawksley to the plaintiffs' injury, he thought Mr. aowksley had been roper y made aat to the suit; and the demurrer must beoverruled withcosts. (Beforcie t- C?a nedlo, Sir W. P. WO OD.) LAN~CASTER A2M 0AR~LI5L RAMhWAY COMPANI V. THE LONDON AND WeORTH-WESTERN ilAinWAY COMPANY. Thiswassamotion onbehalfoftheplaintiffstorestrainthe defendants further proceeding with an intended application to Parliament for an act to eniable thema to abandon their point of junction with the plamitiffs'raflway- niearLow-park, in favour of a miore northerly point of junction with the plantifs'raiway orto nabe temto div-ert the main ment reaigt the Londlon and N~orth-Western Railway for the poeto or advantage of the plaintiffs;- or to whatverto e dne,or be omitted to be twih crtin gremetsmentionedilathe Mr. oltand r. elwy apeare insupport of the The asewasnotconludd a th ringof tecourt.
COUIRT OF QUEENS BENCEH Wts1mim-L uv i 2 ,QUEEN V; A,KC(CK. J,Ugmgs tnb Manco Dejore JLord CAIPiELL and Justic.s COLEMDGM WIGHTMAI. and CRormNil nir .F. sHEUGRansaid, this case badbeenappointed forthe third dayof term but as there wasa lielhoodthat it might be arranged le hoped the Court would allow it to stand over for the present. Loord CA3I 51EL assented. THE;,4ZUMEN (EX PARTE 'WSMSN) V. CUNNWGAMa MMI Mr. 3KNOw.ii.,% Q~C, moved for a rnle, ealling upon Messrs. Cunnigham &nd'ell, the prmpiietors of- the StocL-- tons and Hartisjool Mafc=ry, to show cause-why a criminal informiation should &lt be filed agist them for a libel published in that journal on the 3.9h of November last, im uingo te apliant Kr 3oephW~lon-town clerk stateent mde bythe learned couslta nthe Ist of Noebrlast can cnsedelection for cousclor okplace in the S.outh-Eastern Ward of Stoctn Thr were two vacancies, and three 'canidts named resjec. tively Richrdso, Cape], and asn At the close of the poll Ittchardson had themaoiy the other two candidates] lhavin each 58 ots It then beaenecessary to edecae who -hudbe. -elected. -'Te-reidngalernan7de-cbIt61toiT v-af-ny-thing to do with the matter, and the two assessors had taken part in the election by votin.~ The mayor then called unon the town clerk for his opinion as to what ought t-o be dione, and was advised b- hifi that he (the mayor) ought to give a casting vote. thswas accordingl dn,adthe mayor decided that Capel was elected. Th-e two assessors, indeed, claimned the right of deciding, but theyi both signed the n turn of Richardson and Capel. On the 19thofNemr 'an anonymouslJetterappeared inthe Sockton and Haffte Io Mci.curjj,imputingtDt heapplicant thathehadbeen "d vren by party spinit to decide the poll in favour of Capel, thouggh he mnust have been awar that lhe was committing an act of great injunstice to an old inhabitant, &c." and "knowing the mayor's casing ote to be illegal. L,Ord Anirxh sRa WOd, the letter certainly imputed to the applicant corruption in his office. Imputing to him party spirit, his Lords'hip thought was nothing, hut imputing to himi that be knowingly pevre the law was clearly an jinpu. tation of corruption. BXMr. IKiowLES said, the applicant denied that he had been actuated by party spirit in the advice which he had given the mlayor. He bad no bias or feerin abou~t the ,matter, and, in fact, the mayor had not consufted him as to whomn he should decide to be elected. When the libel. lous letter was published the aplcant wrote tothe proprie..- tors of the Tpa e, demanding-Whe namne of the anonymous writer; but he was informed, in answe'r, thnat the writer prefrre reainng is ncenit, bt tat tho proprietors of th roureen would oentheor che dumndato an otraditriol, Lord C;a~ne U, sid ..p thatfrte rpitors merely to o 1erto openi their olu ns toro a ctadictio raseote th e endofured. Then lhear cunelo mwopht mtae arulhiher -3tfr.~omn. TtCe , moved,i ~h plrsainit nocv eyevd from atrhe Go enter themvrdc for 9thedfnat ttetil brough was.ains to hepopw tr M o eoe thee scm f 5L, bingthevaluo~ woprtuateas dwiv ere lest rom the cb duing he plintif ourney ofro business w for Young to hire the cab daif-P' and to pay for its hire before he was allowed to take it bu.- The defendant had nothing todo with the driver after that, and exercised no control over him as to wherc h should go, or otherwise, but he fond comrn for the bormduring the day. The driver deposited hsis Hience with tbhe defenant, and paid 14s. 6d. for the uSe of the caD during the day. Lorr CASPELL aid that upon these facts be expreselt an o,pimon that the dfendn was liable but as the questioft w an iniportant one, and lhe wshed it to be further conaidered, e had reservred th point for the opinion of thiws Court. The learned cornsel might take a rule. lRule szisi granted. M. BARON B}WUAMW L. Mr. Baron Bn.A-wrELu, in the early part of the day, camoW into ourt and took the usual oaths on his appoiintment as one of the Barors of Her Majes's Court of E chexcuer. The bench and the bar stood during the tidng of thers oaths, which were pronounced by the learned Baron in a distinct and audible tone of voice His Lordsbip then reti HAMSON V. USUM. 'This case caie before the Court upon a rule for the Waster to review his taxation of costs. The action was brought to recover damages for a hbel published by the defendant. The defendant pleaded the general issue, and also a plea of justification, averring the truth of the libel. The libel in question was contained in a. memorial addressed to Lord Palmerston when Home Secre. tary, and signed by the defendant and other inhabitants of Frome, complaining of the conduct of the plaintiff, a magistrate in that town. At the tria the plaintiff caled a s.umber of -witnesses to prove the falsehood of the charges contained in the memorial, and also, it was said, to show thWt: the defendant was actuated. by express mslice. The' de - fendant's counsel then applied for a nonsuit 'upon the, ground that the commumcation was privileged, but thi5 was refused. The defendant then caled a large number of witnesses, not only to establish the justification, but also, as ws said, to rebut the imputation or malice, and to show that the defendant had acted " fdc. The jury founad their verdict for the plaintiff era both issues5 with 20s. damages. Subsequently this Courts direbtedihe verdict to be entered forthe defendant on tbh general issueg on the ground that the communication was; privileged. The casethenstoodthus-verdict forthecdefendanton the gencral issue, and verdict for the plaintiff On the plea o justification, with 20s. damages. The parties then went before the Master for the taxation of costs. The plaintiff's bill contained all the witnesses called by him to prove, the falsehood of the pleaof justfication, and thedlefendanVs: allthosewitnesses whowere caledtonproveitstmth. The Master disallowed all the plaintiff's witnesses, and allowed. all the defendlant's, and thisformedthe subject of complaint, wrhich the plaintiff sought to get redressed by having the Master directed to review his taxation. Mfr. SsADin, Q.C., and hr. Co rlEs (with whom was dr.. Lush) now showed cause against the rule, and contended. thst the Master's taxation was right, upon the ground thatS the witnesses were called to prove the one issue as wrell as the other. The principle for which they contended was, that a party who succeeded in an action was entitled to thecosts of all the witnesses called on the issue on which be' suoceeded. though they miqht be incidentally called to establish another issue on which the party might faiL But, on theotherhand, thparywhofailedintheactionwaanlj entitled to the costsof thoaewitnessesw;ho'wer called exclusivey on the issue on whichhesucceeded. In accordancewith this princple, which was cearly laid down in Mr. James. Stephen's edition of Lrsh'.s Pradcce, the defendant was en-- titled to the costs of a those witnesses who were called to rebut the plaintiff's imputation of malice, and to ehow that, the defendant had acted bond fidc, although they were also exammined in proof of the plea nf ustifcation on which the defendant failed. If the plaintiff had not given evidence of malice he must have been nonsuited. Lord CAuPBELL intimated that the plaintiff was motentitled to the costs of those witnesses whom he callel toprove malice, but that the defendant was entitled to tbe' costs ;of those whom he clled to prove that he acted bonj Mr. Justice WIrnrTiAx sid that the names of some or the vitnesses whowere called by the defendant were not. known to him w.hen he signed the memorial. It was therefore, contended that their evidence could not affect his' bonaJfdes. Mfr. SLADE said that the 3Master had allowed the costsof all those vitnesses. Lord CAMPBELL said, the proof of the facts spoken to by' those witnesses showed thatthe defendant might have learnt, them aliudndc MIr. Serjeant KioTw, Mfr. Bovusr, Q.C., and Mr. AILNEY supported the rule, and contended that the 31aster had improperly allowed the costs of the defendant's witnesses and disallowed those of the plaintif£ They contended. that when a man made a report of facts within his own knowledge, the trnth or falsehood of those facts was of im-- tance as showing that the party had aced malciuosly, orb bonssda'<: But where, as in the present ease, a party made a report of facts with which he was not probablyacquainted, but which were repo ted to him by otherparties the truth or falsehood of the facts was immaterial io thowr his state of mind, whether lhe acted maliciously or bonaf idc. In the present case, it did not aper that the defendantInewi a Idng of the facts perso y, but had ged th, memorimerely en the xeport of a committoee t LordCW.&pna said, he was of onion thatthe rule oughtto be discharged, upon the groundthat the taxation had been properly proceeded wit. The defendant had obtained averdict on the general issue. He was, therefore, the conqueror, and ought to haveth costs of thecause, except thb -costs which were exclusively applicable to the plea found. asgainst him. The question wrs whether Ial the witnesses were material On the issue raised by "lNot guilty," and hiss (Lord Campbell's) opinion was, that they were sq. Theaciln whic brought for a libel contained in a rnso isl which bthis Court had decided to be priieged. There was nothin; upOn the face of the memorial whicl took it out of their privilege. Therefore theplaintiff aust have been nonsuited unless he gave evidence to show that the defendant bad acted malicious v. The plsintiff therefore, gave evidence of malice, and, as apar ofthatevidence, showved that the defendant would not meet the plaintiff profesionaly in consultation. He then went on to, prove (which Ws some evidence of malice) that. the facts contained in the memorial were untrue, the facts ha * taken place in Frome, of which the defendant. was an inhabitant, and bkely to be acquamnted with the trme state of things. A1l1theevidence given b the plaintiffwas, in his (Lord Campbell's) opinion, applcable to the first plea. of ".Not guilty and allthe evidence igren by the defendant Was brought forward to meet that evidence. t. Was said that the names of some of the witncssesr had not come to the defendant's knowledge tiCl aftei he had signed the memorial; but he (ordL Campbell) could not say that the facts which they proved were not ma.terial on the question of malice, though they might be material on the plea of jus tification. On the contrary, be thou7ghtthey weroa7pplcabletoShe fist isscne on " Not guilty," on whEich the defendant bad succeeded. - The other Ju3DGEs expressed themselves to the same' effect. Rule discharged. TEs QUEEN V. THE CORPORAIO'N OF HAIFAX. In this cae a rule had been granted calling upon the corporation of Halifax, actingas the Loal Board of Healtb, under the Publiel Health Act, 1I84, to show cause why a. mandaracitsshould not issue comman" them to makeompensation to the prosecutor, William m e, for certain damagcldone to his cellar by the ovcrflowing of a sewer con-' structedbhy the corporation. Mr. lArnxnross and Mr. MI}LWED now showed cause against the mile, on the ground, fint, that there bad been no sufficient demand and refusal; and, secondlyj that the corporation disputed their liabiity,and thcase wn niot ODe for a mandanmus. lord CAHBELL snggestedthat the facts should be found bysome impartial person, and stated in theform 'of a. special casefor the opinion of this CourL Mr. ATHERToy sad, he had no power to consent to s- 0 an arrangement, and contended that the prosecutor oughtto, proceed by action. Iord CAPBEUI, saad that if the corporation were acting withim their powers, there 'would be no right of action. 'he re was tn-spsi*imis s,tdit with the 44th section of the act. After some further discusion, the Court, vithout cli on Mr. Watson to support the rule, made it absolute. Lord CAaPmLr said, he could not refrain from sa<ing that he thought this Board of Health were =ylavgin amannernotcreditabletothem. TheactofP;ax liament, if eariedout, would be of great benefittothe community ; butif it was perverted no benefit couldresult frm it to the inhabitants of the district; the rule for the mendznsius to mske compensation must be made absolute, for the prosecutor was entitled to that. Bnt it was to be deplored that hat the Cout recommended the counel for t ver forbidden to accede to. It seemeda a if tho 'd-thet litigation bould go on, whereby the fonda of the body would be wasted. Mr. Aasaroe then appliEd that the writinightbe stayel for twvo days, in order that, fter his Lordship's expressicn of opinion, h might have an opportutnity of communicatipg with the hoard. Lord CAMPai,da that muight be done, and be shoiul4 be glad to hear that the board had come to their rig mind. THE A M. COW1;;G. 'When the case of " the Queen v. the Overseers of Ine was caled on, -: Lord CPBEu. observed that the rule had been granm & on the motion of the late Mr. Cowling, a gentleman whoi loss his Lordship said they all deplored, not only as 2g reaf ornament of his profession, but as a moan of a most amiable,' honourable, andi exellent disosition. _ These obeervations were folowed by a deathlike stillness in the court, wlich strongly maiked the deep feelings of alt present. Another ease ws then taken. BAIL COURT. Mr. Jusice Ensa e sat in Banco this morning. An admira andaclorgyman took the oaths, but only one motion ws made, whi& sw to compel A party to py money in pusuance of an award. - The Court will sit at Maia Priu on 3Monday.
COTBT OF Ba. 12 -3t.Z TMLCHM. (Before Mr. Commissionr GomBv1n) The lanibpt wss a wine merchant at 1addington. TLis cth examination meeting. He owes to _uw ed creditors l,906.p pithli abilities3,270., ase f2i. Ibe 'rofit infour Yo nd J-Edf Wmere2,0, expenxs ,2CI., l(om MBt. bood debt 374L jXr. NiAoloon (the official isnee) repoited tal th ioaounts contained an item of iO9 - for inters and di§tount, nerly the wholek ofwih a arism fom ttaftwtios with amnn naed Prteen frin whom the 'b&n)lct had borrowed 3wenwe n svcral cosseim at heavy ra"weat intere*t in tome e as much M 5o per cet.i hb,b krupt pasd -
TEIE PUGELEY POISONVINa CASES. ' VEPRDICT OF WILFUL XURDEr- RULGEILEY, TAN,T 12. 'After the departure of the express to London from Stafford last nighlt, Mr. Tlhurlby, Palmer's asistant, anld Dr. Monckston wercecxamained. 133fere, however, transcribing their evidence, it would be well thzat thc- statemient of Dr. Knight .iliould be giveu at that lengilh which its iimportAnce mierits. Dr*.Ed%vard Xrdight, ex%mined, said,-! Ains a physicianl residling at Stafford. I knew the deceased Anno Palnmer front her infancy. I wvas called to see hier professionally -mi, tlie 25th of Sc'steniber, 18541. WVhen I arrived I found 31r. ralmer Nvaiting- for me, wthen be told me I hiad been sen fo atYe. Plma'sparticular request. After hearing Ike descriptioni of her discase fromi Mr. 1'almor I went urp, stairs and raw his wife. Ie.e'ordt xmn h ae st15 vell as I could, from Sirs. Palmier's oAn description. I found her so mnuich cxhaiisted that I could'not from lier 'Itrderstand the nature of the disease. I think ' Mr. Palmner Then, in her presesice, dlescribed ber complaint, Hie said that ihebhad had distressing vonifting, gripinig, iind purging, sani that Oie hadt caaught clholera at, Liverpool. w4iore at that ime. -it wras a prevailing disease. Shet did not vomnit Lni my prezence, bint the retchting was 'distres- n.-I inquired for thea evacuiated inatters, and 'was told tey hlad been throwvnaway. As far aslooenld fernsa jndgmen~ton the case. I tiouighit it a severe form of English or suasuner cholera. I then returnedI with Mr. Palmer to a roomn laclow stairs, r.nd receonrinenidxd to hiim thatasho shouldi take Itwo inmiin: '-' dilluted pruss-ic acid for the purposeoof allay. ing the retehia.-. wrhichi was then thie most, distresn syup tq,i. He todince that' it shiouldi be admnistered InsIc-m -diately. I thetn-walked into tIetowvn, called on Mr. Bamferd mai anthr tied, nddesignedly remtained two hours in' lse towvnfor the purpocoe of ascertaining the effect of tIre *rescriptio.i. In'two hiouris' tilme I called again, andI saw xeIieved. I then took le!ave, with an assurance fromi Ifir. Talmner thiat if diec diil not continue to improve hie would immsuediately send for me again. I x-eturned to Stafford that evenling by train, and never heard any nmore of her casetuntil was tolZd en the Saturday followving that she had died on Dv M. Dana.I hd knwn rs.Palmer froms her aware tbat. sho had anT disase. In Si -htit!I cannot tell ~What mionth it sins tii th svner etioe -I examined hier to 31sccrtain if Le.r lire wvas ii nzi-able, and I couild not discover niry disewle s'When called in to seec Mrs. Palmer profes. Sionally, she w-as niot in a. fit st-te Io coniverse withi me. .After she hai t aken the two minin' olf presi acid. her %uoice was jiurie-ved, bun she could niot hiold a conversationt 'witlihine. She, dlid not lienelf express a wish to see mne a,gain, Zuthler himband Frounised,i. in er presenice, to scud for mie. I -Can't recoll?_ct whsether I wrote a proscription or not, huit I Tecomimende-d salinec effervezeinmg draughts. I am suire I did miot sug'c zt any preparation of antimtony in. the me-dicines I prescr)-.d. I neer thought oflit. I should not,under any circumnn;ens, have prescribed tartar enrtieti, or any prepa- cam t th oinin hatsh ha dedof summnercholera,lI foiened that upsinian from statements madtte by Mir. Palmer, ua she was iin;.isle to dtescribe her symptoms. By' Mr. 'Sniitli.-Sr. Palmuer appe-ared to evince a very proper fceliingfr hi; wvife. Sonic port-ioni of Mrs. Palmerea Zymptoms3 fatvouired the statement inade by Mr. Palmer. £he was3 in an extremie state of e-xhaustion, and I shiould niat h1ave b -een -npriscd at hearing of hier death the nextrmorn. 5ng_ have never seen any one poisonied withi antimiony. I ae gn e~ doses of antimony givent, and I have oh. rie-rved extrenic depression asajig fromi it. I have admini Smistefed ltrge dlosws mlyself, arnd have witnessed alarm.- Ing symn-iLtos. I believe aitissieny will also prodluce 1urging. Yir. 6nilth haviiig reaid ami al)setract fromi Dr. Taylor's phiilosojshifal wvork, which describes the effeccts produced by poisoning frmit anttimonyv, Dr. Knigh,It stated, in reply to a question f;-ssin Mr. .9iritlh, that Sirs. Bradishaw, thie nurse, Xidsnot joereribc the symptomis which wouldI be produced Ireimi'poisonting by antimiony ; hut her evidence went to ne-- gatve Imesuposiiox tht atimny asadministered. In epl toSte 1)?an Dr Knghtobserved,-! should rsttch erylitle mporanc toMrs Beelsawls evidence, In tplvto Ire oroer r. Kigh stted that fromn the aisartin~ f M. PamerandMr.Esmford, and what lie rAw, lie al iena certificate as to thecanseof her deathto Pier hsad This car6tifmrtenwas prodlucedI by Mr. Deane, whio had obstained it fr~iui the Sun- Insaniaice-offlcc. DIr; Benamidn Timurlby, assistant to Mr. William Palmer, Ilhdue,was next examniied. Witness depoged that lie z awv mrm raimer onx the day before she died, and remained 'withi iiser about five minutes. Shie was then very feeble saida exhausted, and it was with difficuilty lie could get lier to answcer any qutestion. She said sho felt as if she 'Was striking tlu,3ughe thec bed. Thoee were theo only words Witness heard her- speak. Suggeste that she skoenld take rsrrowroot and brandy, and tiro nurse said slic gave it her. 3lade up a, prcesiption of Dr. Knight's a Y~ew 'day; before shie diedi. Saw the prescription, on ralling on Thnrsdavy or WVednesday, ly-ing in the wvinclow ia the kitchien, and Mlr. Palmer nasked witness to make fit 'up. It wvas about 8 or 9 o'clock in the evening. 'Was rading thieprLescription -u.hen Mr. P'almer caine in. Did :aot recolle.ct thait Mxr. Palmier gave any exi?janation as to ihy it wa.i not niade upbefore. lVitnessmadc itup. Itwas an rihlkaiase mi~xture and powders to be tak-en in a state of efferrVescelne. After making it up, took it down to Mfr. Paliner's. 'ahought itw-as on Tusdlayrnighlt. Ittdid notcontain tartar £mnetie, or aniy preparation of antimony. By ajurninan..-Mrs. Brads-hnw was in the roomi when I raw Mrs. 'alnuer. I believe it w%as her I toId to get the larrowroot and brandy. By M1r. Sraiiih.-Mr. Palnier was a tory kindl man, and * Tery kind ti Sirs. P'almner. I wvas witlh him four or five 37ears: I always cons,idered him. a very kind husband. Bytlhe Cor-nier.-I think that all the niedicino except this Tvasnmi,xed up by Yr. Palmier or DIr. Blanford. I ctid not X iaup any- othier. I have seent Mr. l'almner often mix up xungs himzs&f. By Mr. Snsith..-I s.i*w Mr. Palmer immiediately after his 'evife!k drathi. and hie appeared to fret very munxch. Mrr. Deane thien proposed to put in Mr. Palmer's diary for ~SS4 an toru.d fom he 8thof eptnibr to the 8th of October. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ Jer Frdna this we ~ive a f~w extracts "Sept. 20.-Went to Lichflield. Jerry, Aie, and Sarah - eturned from Liverpool." "Se&pt. 21.-Anne ill in bed," &e. This entry was reIseated for theL thiree following days; and onx the 24th it is Maded-"M]Nr. Bamafond called." "et. 25.-Banmford and Mfr. Knight called. Henry fetce;r. Bradshaw. Neither called to see Annte." On-the 20th of Septemnber the entry is-" Anne very Ml. Xansford called.". "Sbpt. 23.-EIliz very poorly in bed, IRamford called." "CSept. 29, -Fridav.-SIy peer dear Anne expired about ~Cminutcs past . Theni fellow a serie-s of entries, consisting chiefly of the statemsent II At home." "O5 13.-turied poor An. 1Octt S.'-At chuch, sacrament."1 Dav,id Hlenry .Menckton, M.D., residing at Rugelev, iIepo*id::-I imade a pot nos'ter examination of the body of the dlceaved enxSaiturday, the 2)2d ofDecemberlast. There' *'wns externally no c-.-ideiice of any-injury. so far as the state 'prie, etvation of the boy allowed mne to form an opinion. !lmere was a esulilcient quantity of fat deposited in different pvarts of, the body to aruvoe that the deceased had not suffered ten'- from2 amy lingeLring illness. Deconmposition had proc~e2eai to some extent`bothi externally anid internally, and lhad so. disorganized the brain mis to make it impossible to inlecidi as to its~ conditient at the time of death. The reat of the body was in -- state of preser-, ation suifficient to allow me 1o seak osiivel astohe condlition of tire several parts. renoencoxamins.dbymie. With regard to all the rest, Ithenieist carefulexaimination ifailed todetect anyatlteration in fhsestiucturresufficient, hinmy opinion, toaccounatfor death. '.Althdughi'there was but littl~e blood icr the body generally fhere was. in the chest a considerable quantity of M= Siu.id '.vhich, in my opiniion, wa~s the result of decomnposition. Mle heart- was quite, emupty and collapsed. The deceased VWa not consumptive -or pregnant. The alimentary canal 'wsepc,ially examined, and showed nothing unhealthy. .Ulher6 was-'no er. .sion, corrosion, ulceration, perforation, or.~ obstrurction. It was, mioreover, by no mneans empty. The stomaehs contained hut hLttl%, but the intestines were me- nuantty ufexcrment n it net ard nd solid, but softmd aal-fuid andconaine th natralamount of bile admied. rom hisI coclud tha sh did net suffer in heimi lns frns an excessive or prolonged diarrhoeas, msor could she have died from an obstruction in the bowels. Jplaced in onec jar the stomach and the ditodenum,in another .a-tQf the large intestine and of the small intestine, one kicdney, and one off tire ovaries, which was forwarded from its 3sot.hm%,vi.ng exatctly the usual appearace, althougha there .was ja&otb:ag tha%t, in my opinion, cauld account for death. The * mur dar ontine th lier, the spleen, the heart, and the xightlu. The witness then destribed. the mode in which * i jrh wr secured. Another parcel contained parts of the liningg of the shell and of the dres of the bodywhc Ladi been saturated w-ith the discharges froms the corpe "Ie'er lced in the handis of Police-TInsTector Crisp on teeennof atry,December 22. Di.Smith ascdwa he jarsweemdof llWtaneE.-They were gIazedlearthenware jars. There was niothing in. the appearance of the body - whichx proved that 31vrs almer might not ha"ve' died of exhaustion as stated by -the otliermedic.Amen. Myopinion isthat theal aporances 'were not consistent withi her h~aving diedl of Englien choleri,, ~bocause Englis-h cholera going to the extent of causing deathi 1by exhaustion woulId hatve much more freely evacuated the alimefitary canal. She might. have died- from exctreme -wromitings, producing exhI,aution and causing death, bat it vrouldbiothe Eng-lish cholera. The poel mon5csappearances Wre consis-tent writh thiat. It Tieing nowr nearly 7 o'clec]4 the inquiry was adjourned xmnll 10 o'clock this morning. when it was understood that Ikes e'didence of Dr. Taylor, Dr. Roes5 and paxties connected with the assurance-offibes would be taken. On.tle asebigof the Court this morning, mnuch ,r le a be pu lint~erest appeared tobe felt in the proceiedings tan was the, ease at the opening of t-he adjourned inquest Zet.iday. . As -vw4z t'he cae yesterday, M1r. Gardner appeaedt *OXatchetaproceedings onbehalf of the Crown;M.Nr. enu ror h~amnsrneecompanies ; Mhr. Smith-, for thoa defence, assited intheexasr.natvn f D. Tylr byf r.Be I- fessor of Cltymristty at Guy's Hospital. On Monday. the 24th of last month, I received six janr from the 3st wettness. Three of them were labelled "Anni Palmer, No. 1, 2, and 3" outside. ThLy were weU socured asnd sealed, and the Peal was unbro'en. I locked them up until the 26th, keeping the key in my possession, and then, ic conjunction with Dr Rces, Iproceededto examine thein. Wefirst-exansined the stomach in jar No. 1. lte coats vwero firm, and very wellprcserved considering that 15 months had elapsed sinec death. On tle stomach at its greater end, and on the ontside, thero was ayellowish coloured streak, which, when examined with a nagnifying glass, presented the appearance of mineral matter. It was sucl anappearance as I have never seen in 2Z5 years' experience, except when mineral psoen was in the stomalch. We opened the stomach. We fo0n(l neither liquid nor solid-contents, but a thin pastylooking substance of a brownish colour spread over the liting membrane. Ths whole quantity of this substance spread over the membrane of the stomach amounted to about half a teasponful. The lining membrane preseted slight patches of redness. Rts zmrfaco was examined bya magnifying glass. It was quite free from ulceration, perforation, or any organic disease. The smaU intestines were next examnined. They w-ere empty; but covered on tha insido in parts vith a thin browsnishcoloured substance. The large intestines were then examnin-ed. Therc v.asf.ecal matter in the e.ncuin, one portion of tho large intestines. The inner surface of the rectum, or lower bowel, was covered wvith a deep red, orange colouired sub3stnce. On removing this and examining the inner surface of tho lower bowels, there was no appearance of ulceratimn or disease. The intestines were comparatively thin and well preserved, like tle stomach. Oue of the kcidneys, wliiclh was enc'osed in this jar, waDs cutt open and minutely examined, and found to he perfectly healthy. We then examined the jar marked No. 3, containing the liver, the heart, the luD g, and the spleen. Tley had undergone some changes from pulltrefaction, but wecre in a healthy condition. The gall bladder W.lS especiallyexamined. It contained about the usual quantity of bile found in the dead. That bile was thickened, fromu the result of long interment, to the [consistency of abrown paste. The heart was miutely examined, and the caboties were healthy. aul the ralves were free from putrefaction, pure, and healthy. Thc lungs and splcen whre softened, as the result of putrefaction, but perfectly free from duease, as farnas we counld tel. We then arnceeded to make an analysis of the different parts. The nrst that we took for examination was the brow,n pasty matter found on the surfac of ths lstmach. In these contents, aidunting to- about half a teaspoonful, we found rather a large portion of preparation of antimony. (The Doctor hlerl displayed int) e .also found a nintte proper. tion of arnic. But arsenic ws not fon ad d sedin any of the viscera. 'And, as au occasional impurity in ord;nary tartar emetic, we consider that arsenic n this exase w;as owing to the tartar emetic being impure, and not on account of its having been separately allministered. We then sarched for other poisns, but fond non,e The seeond analysis was directed to thr coats of the stomacu, and theya yilded antimony. Thirdly, the large and SmIU idtecstines wnere examined, and found to contain antimony in all parts. Fourthly, thc orange red deposit found in the rectum was removed and scparately cxamined * antimony ws found in this seubstance in largner iroportions than in the stomachs or any other parts of the system. "This," said the Dsctor, " is the antimony of tractedha The orange red colour of this material was foYe d to he owing to a portion of antimuony which had become converted to sudphuret, as the result of putrefaction il a dead hody. ' 3e coats of the rectum here separately examined, and also yielded antim,'ony. The chylc was separately examined, and alsoyieldedantimony in large proportionc, nearly ,as large as that found in the rectum. Thciiver, the .spleen, the kidney, the subYstance of the heart, and the substance of the nlngs, Ual ylelded antnony. Here is antimonyfrom all these (produching seiescns). The bleo d drained from the jars in nhich these viscera wdere contai,ed was also analvzed, Tand this yielded antimony. A portion of the liningou the shelU and a part of the shroud were separately examined, but they yielded no trace of iantimony or ay mineral subs tance. All the teats and vessels used in this investigation wlere themselves tested and found to be perfectly pare. In this investiratioUM nS different analyses w ere mad of the body, occupyong ns from the 2bth to th e 31st of December, and the conclusions at rhich m e arrived from the results of our investigations weorves tat th iat all parts of the body of tho deceased examined by us contcined antimnony. In the stomach and intestines thi antimony waes partly in a soluble form, while in the liver, heart, spleen, idney, and lungs it hand een thee result of abismorption during life. Secondly, the argoest quantity of antimiony was found in the rectum and its contents; next, in the stomach and its T hontents: then, in thG bile taken fromn the gall bladder; and tho sinallest quantity wlas foofd in thce infs. Thirdly [pth resence of antimony in the contents of the rectum or loer boewel, proves that thec discharges from the bowvels of th decensed conthined antimony up to the time of her death; that she was passing antimony by purging when she died. we eame to tlhat conclusion, of course, before te heard the evidence of yesterday. And the presence of this mineral is sufeicient to account for the vomitihig, or dierrlwa, or both [ from which the deceased was stated to have suffered. The fourth canclusion was this-from the presenco of antimony in the stomach of the decedased no e infe r that a preparation oE antimony must have been given to the deceased a few hours before her doe.ae. Fiftely, from the discovery of antimony in the stomach anp d intestines especially in the rectum or lower bowcl, we inter that the antimon.l copper, if not tasken by the deceased as the result of a sernes of accideits aot one accident, but a series -was improperly administered to her, either by ignorance ordesign. Sinthy,athat,in ouropinion, the antinmony found by us in slie body of the deceased has not been the result of one large dose, but of.several doses token at intereals some days be fore her death, and to writhin a feaw hours of her death. Seventhly, that theantimonialpreparation takenby deceasedwasrhat is commonly clqued tartaaremetic (this wnhitc poltder), a.d this may or may not have acted as a poison, according to circumstances. It mayeor may not ha-se been th c eus of deceased's death. In the event of the exlistence of any ontural case for tcls ilness of the deceased, it may have accelerated her derth by producmg great depression and exhauston of thi e poIers of life tia,hthly, in the exaumination of the stomc a bowels and other organs of the deceased we conld not detect any chandes as the result of natural disease. There was nothing to account for death in the shape of disease. On the other hand, there was nothingtin these appearances inconsistent w.th the death of the deceased from frequenit doses of tartar eete. That is all, Sir. By Mr. Deane.-rom the evidence that Imhave heard, I have no reason to alter the conclusions that I have drawn in any ens respect. I heard Mr. Bamford's evidenoe vith re,ard to the admixture of the medicine, andI say that had tartar emetic been substitulted by that gentleman for tartrate of potash, other and more serious symptomr would have showrn themseles in the deceased than those which I have he.ard described in evidence. I mustadd one thing to that. It is my belief that she had had tartar emetic, and wvas sufferingo from its effiects before 3Mr. Bamford saw- her-that is to say, assumine that he saw her he the Sunday. Tartar ensetic may be taken in small doses; in ordinary articlesof food it may be taken wvithout being perceptibl to the taste. By Mr.w of dtd-Thc smallst quantity of a dose of antimony taken at once is 10 grains to produce death. Yfou hovt it there. [Mr. Smith had in lus band Dr. Taylor's rork upon poisons. AssUuning that antimony had ben given in a liquid or solid state, the symptoms after taking antimony would have folowed in proportion to the dose. In "Jramess Iowvder" there are small doses of antimony; and in such a ease as severe cold it would, or would not, according to circumstances, do good; hut I have never knion It in a medicinal dose produce vomiting and sickness I do not agree wvith Dr. James when he says that its admi- ista tion ith such doses may prduice such effects. I never knew of a death from antimony of such a description as this and yet the death of this lady is quite conformable with her deat from poison, and, at the same timce, death from any othecr cause. - - Mr. Smither-If smal quantities of antimony should ec given in frequebntdoses, would ther be constipation and Dr. Taylor.-Certairly not. Constipation may have arisen from same natural cause. It is not a natural symptOII front the taking of deseswin h maU qantities. 3y opinion is that constipation was an accidental circumstance in the iOess of the deceased, not cenheced with the catlse of death. i have knowm 50 eases of death from poison, very few of wvhich exhibited the same asnects. Evetry ae veiltibe sttnded with its oln symptoms, dependingfupon the cireurstances o der r ich th poison is taken and the state of the body thethe tire. b 1'hyere is a very frequlent state of the stomcach whEich produlces vromitingthuSt is, ulcration - hut there was no ulceration in this case. An w-hen i saw antimony throuhhout the whole system and no ulceration, I came to no other conclusion tha7nthat she died from antimony. We can detect from a five-hundredti or a thousandth part of a grain of tartar emetic when it is present. In the stomach there wa-s found from three-qluarters of a grain to a grin of tartar emetic, and in the rectum probably a grain. There w as antimony throughout the w hole body. In the wrhole of the tissues there could not have been losss than a grain and a-half or two g~rains. From the results of our experiments upon two ounces of the liver I was satisfied that the deceased was saturated with antimony. I have freanuently found antimony in the dead; but I never found so 3auch in absorption. The liver absorbs the poison very quicldy. It woulld contain a larger quantity from its being a large organ and full of blood. 31r. Smiith.-lf antimony had been administered three weeks or a month before the death of the deceased, would the same results have been seen ? Dr. Taylor.-I think not; but I should forn my opinion from the appearances of the body. Supposing the antsmory to bave been g inonethen leave stopped, I thin], I should not haefun omuhi a period of three weeks head elapsed.. Supposing it to have beosi a fortnight or three weeks before her deiath, the ap- erancei wouldo t have been preserved, because the teny ofthe, hm an3 system is,prthbathlimmediately the poLson ceases to.i beiven itpassesawafrom the frame. Suposringa therewas fever I shod ne i recommend the use of rithwh ihs-ewidd aken in conjunction -with evrI suppose itwolnt vbeen long in beingremoved? Dr. Taylor.-! thin - i ould have been-longer, because of the rapid circuaio.it is not necessary to a ease ofpoison that cramp shoud follow, because that symptom depends upon the effects- of poison uponx the different p arts of the ssemn. There .mnight be cramp, but it would not necessarily follow: The whole of the symaptoms described by me in the hook which I have wvritten upon posnsa attendi-ng the taking of antimony relate to the ta-king of a ~-ital dose. I7 .I *Mr. Smuith.--A~m Ito understandl that -there may, be t-he a-dministration odpoisoni in some ferns or other withouit any one of those symptomis? - Dr. Thy1on--4ir,-whab Ihave descrsjinm myboohe relates to the administration of antimnony in acute doses. This is no aciieac. hisis -cae o te administration of antimayin maise.Thei antimornyw gie nhis cs n amldosesa-medirinal dosi pobbl le certainly aimall doses.Had ibeen dminitered an age doses, my belief ance of tao body, as described by those who mado the posi mortem oatnination, andiny opinion is not affetted. By iJnror.-Antimony. would not have beenaproper medi-ce to administer in the stae of weaknoss inwhich sho wa's said to havo been found. Crose-exainzinlaon eontinued.-There was not sufficient arsenie in the sy'stem to aceount for death. . Dr. PRees and myself examined some antimony, and, as is mostlythecase in commnercbl antimony, wo found arsenic there. In the deeeased it did not exist in tho heart. .If antimony should be taken during life, and the system becomes saturated by it, it would require 14 or.15'days to get rid of it. After 14 or .15 days, supposing a weak lady, for instance, had strength to live so long, I should not in life find traces of antimony taken before thatperiod. But if antimony should exist in tho system at tho time of death we could discover it for any length of time after that event. The effects of poison upon the system do not depend upon the quantity taken into the stomach, but upon the quantity absorbed into the system. It is not five or 50 grains in the stomach that are decisive, but the quantity which impregnates th blood; so that a man may sauallow five grains, and it may produce se7erer effectiupon hin than 50 upon another. That which wye find in the stomach is only the sediment or dregs of what has killed. From the medical evidence given as to the state of the deceased during the last eight days precedingl her death, anid fronm the discovery of antimony in the stomach, bowels, rectim,, and all parts of her body, it is my opinion sho died from the effects of tartar emnetic, and no other cause, after antimony. George Owen Fiees deposed,-I am Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians, and Fellow of the RoyalSociety, and Professor of Materia Medica in Guy's Hospital. I assisted Dr. T.aylor in making the anal5ais described by him, and also the state of the organs. I have heard tho evidence given by him, and I fully concur in it. I am of the same opinion as to the cause of death. By Mir. Deane.-From the evidence I have heard here I have no reason to alter my opinion given in the report read by Dr. Taylor. From the lustory of the illness of the deceased, given by those who attended her in her illness, and froni the examination of the organs after death, and from the fact th.t antimony was discovered, as described in our conjoint report, I am decidedly of opinionthatdecea,sed died from the effects of antimony adninistered in small doses, repted at intervals. r. Deane (to the Coraner).-Do you intend to complete the case of Anne Palmner before going on witlh that of WV.altcr Palmer? The Coroner.-Oh yes; I sball taken verdict from thejnry upon the canse of the death of Alnne Palmer before taking the evidence in the second case. Mr. Smith also desired that this course should be taken. Dr. Taylor, however, requested that his evidence in the second c.ase might be taken Wefore the hour at which it world ba necessary for him to leave Rugeley to catch the e.x-press at Staffol, as both he and Dr.Rees were abssent from Londonl at gre.at sacrifice to them.selves. The Coroner consented to comply with his requecst. Matr. Smitht (to Dr. Ptees).-Have you found poison in the system of WValter Palmer ? Dr. ees.-We have nlot. Dr. Knight re-examined.-I-y opinion as to the cause of the death of Anne Palmer has been considerably modified and altered since I have heard thei opinions of Dr.. Taylor and Rees, and' I am inclined to think that I must have been mistaken ill the opinion which I gave yesterday, under tle circumstances stated to me on my visit to the deceased Mrs. Palmer; and I tend to the belief that the opinion given by those gentlemen to-day described the true eause of death. By the Foreman.-I did not perceive symptoms of fever; they were those of great exhaustion. By 31r. Snmith.-To the best of my belief the skin was hcated and the tongue was mnoist. I agree with tho opinion as to the different effects of antimony upon the system, when administered in largc or small doses. During my examnination of the decease , when I visited her in her illness, I did not suspect Kison. Having heard the descriptions of Drs. Taylor and es as to the symptoms of poisoning from antimnony, I still say that I did not on that visit perceive syniptoms of poisoning so described by them as resulting from the taking of antimony. Yet, having heard those opinions, I now believe that at that time the deceased was suffering from the effects of antimony. Mr. Palmer did not tell me vwhat medicine, if any, he lhad nprscribod before Dr. Barnford was called in; at least, I dlon't recollcet that he did. Atfter hearing the statements of Drs. Taylor and Rees, and the description given yesterday by Dr. 3Monckton of the condition of tho body after deaSb, tllere is notbing inconsistent withi Mrs. I'almer hbavin died from vomiting, from natural causes; yet f don't believe that she did. The vomiting might have been produced bp a bilious attack, and exhaustiAn produced by thlat been followed by death. From tue appearance of the viscera, as given by Dr. Monckton, my opinion is that vomiting was not the catuso of death. I foundm Mrs. Palmer in soexhausteda statethat Icolild not get from herastatement as to her feelings. I believe tlat it is impossible to forn an accurate opinion as to the nature of a disease unless the patient suffering is able to describe his feelings. Suippose a man was suffering from an acute disease of the brain, and he was rambling in°his uiind and iunable to give a descriptioni of his symptoms, I could not form a correct opinion of the existence of the organic disease, if any, iunder which he w,as lahouringn By Mrr. Deane.-Thorervas not fever in the deceased when I Ksaw her, and tartar emetic vas certainly not a proper medicine to administer to her. ,ecre the Court adjourned-it being 1 o'clock-for half an holur. Upon the return of the Ceurt after the adjournment the first witness called was Benjamin Mliller (he was examined by MEr. Deane),-Upon being s vornhe .said,-I am a .surgeon, living at Barton-underNeedwood I kinew thce deceased Anne Palmer. I was formerly in practice at Rugeley. I examined htrs. Palmer for the purposes of life assurance on January or February, 1854. I examined her four or five times. These examinations were two for the Scottish Equitable-office, and two or three for other offices. The first two referred to one assurance. The Rock, the Atlas, and the Liveryool Life Assurance Associations -were the other societies for which I examined MIrs. Palmer. I am uot certain whether I examined her for the N orwich Union-office. I believe those examinations were shortly beforc hcr confinement. I found her to be of perfectiy sound constitution. I considered her's to be of a proper life for assurance. I do not remember precisely when she v.asconfined. I saw her afterwards. She was downstairs. I do not know whether she had bcen out. Igsaw herforthe Scottish Equitable-office shortly after her confinement. I saw her in consequence of a communication I received from the office. I was reguested by Mr. IV. Palmer to give a certificate of Mrs. Palmer's health after her confinement, and after I had received the communication from the Scottish Equitableoffice. Mfr. Palmer gave me as a reason that I had seen her so recently on the part of other offices that ho did not think it requisite, and that she would be alarmed. He did not suggest any reason for alarm. 'Mr. Deane.-Did she express any alarm at your wishing to examine her again ? The witness did not reply to this question. M1r. Smitl.-Was what she said, said in the presene of Mr. Palmer? Witness.-No. Mr. Smith.-,Then I object to the question. The answer would not be evidence. By Mr., Smith.-All women pregnant are considered, medically, to be in a state of disease. There is always danger attending confinements. I believe there are not many assurance-offices.which refuse to insure what are called diseased or appear to be diseased lives, as in this case. I was the medical referee of the society. [Mr. Smith read one of the ccrtificates, in which the witness had made no entry, although he said he thought that he had, of the pregnancy of the deceased.) By Mr. Smith.-The policywasaccepted. Iconsiderthat a person wvho would lose property on the death of his w ife v ould not exercise more than reasonable caution by insuring -her life before her confinement. I meaint by a sound life that there was no organic disezase. 31rs. Palmer had no organic disease. I was employed by the office to make the examination of Mrs. Palmer. The examinationswere confined to the entire of January and a portion of February. I do not knowwhen 3rs. Palmerwas expectedtobeconfined. Ido not know how many proposals were made. The examinations were made concurrently-some before and some after 31rs. Palmer's confinement. By Mr. Deane.-I cannot say whether I examined Mrs. Palmer, on the part of the Rock-office before or after her confinement. M1r. Deane, in reply to Mr. Smith, said that Mfrs. Palmer was confined on the 24th of January, 1854. By 'Mr. Smith.-There were two examinations for the Scottish Equitable-one before, and one after her confinement. The diary which the accused kept in January in that year mas put in, from which was read "Jan. 2a.-Annic and baby goinr on welL Jan. 26.-Up with baby all night Jan. 27.-At home aU day; baby worse. Mr. Bamford called to see baby, and sent mixture. Baby died at yMr. Rock-I was requested by the Rock-office and by Mr. Palmer to examine Mrs. Palmer. Sometimes Mr. Pahmer applied to mrebefore I heard from the office. The proposal to ,he Rock Assurance Society was then handed in;- the handwriting on which was admitted by Mr. Smith to be that of the accused. All the proposals were afterwards given to the coroner, and read by him. The following are the particulars of those documents :-The Scottish Equitable-office accepted, on the 2d of February I184, a proposal uponthe deceased's life for 5,OODI., made by her husband. The New Equitable, 3,0007., accepted on the 8th of December, 1853, on the proposal of the accused upon Amicable for 3,000!. made hythe same uioin the life of the same, d,eclinedon JanuLaOry 3.018o54 The amounit namaed in thiscas wa, byistlee 300. oly,andit was declined till after the confinement of Mrs. Palmer. It'was afterwards accepted,-and again rejected bytlis office upon the discovery of the mitk.Toother proposals 'were mnade and accepted dated January the 17th and 19th in ithe aboe yar. Mr. Smjth.-I was desirous that thoso acceptances should be read, in order that it might be seen that they were madce before the confinement of the deceased. By Mr. Smith.-I never heard of a repnortd case or knew a case of slow poison from artimony. Previously to this I never heard of one in any part of the waorld. By the Coroner.-Hasin- heard all the -evidence, and receiving. the.- request of. tre -jury that I1 woutld state my opinion, I say that I should thiink that death was' occasioned by small doses of antimony. I ByMr~mith.bncauy a saildoe, amedficinal one. CThe of medicine,ehowever whichwud begood toone TomasIomax, examinedhy Mr. Deane.-I ama surgeon, *Palmer on account of thleMetdihcal eeral Lega X iLif;ezoffic the New Equitable Life-office, and the Xent utual. There w-asa fourth, but. I an not quite distinct upon that. That (a report nanded to him) was one of my reports. - 5he' Coroner.-Do yoU V sh that to be evidence? itrJ Deane.phortoya the date of it Examination contianed.-The date is the 12th of January, 1851,. Itisthieproposal t9the Xetw:quitrle > the sUnI of 300?. 1 repbrted faourably of tne.life. Alter*ards I had a corrCspondenoe with the office upon tbe saujeot. Air. JDene.-.Wi you xtate shortly the reenlt of that correspondenee? The Coroner.-Oh, you must produce it. WiltnesB, after a pause, on exanmining ihis papers seid that he had not the lettePrs with him. They were afterwards found by' Mr. Deane, when Mr. Smith objected to them as evidence. 3r. Deane.-Then I will mnake it evidence for you. Witness.-This proposal is one mado by Mr. Palmer. There was a mistake in the matter of tho proposal in this paper of 500. for; 3,00w?. tSeverAl proposal papers were handed in to the coroner, who read them to-the jnry. One was dated the 12th of January, 1854, for 3001., tothe New Equitable; anotlier ,was dated January 25, 1854, for 5,000?., in -tho samae office, the latter being a correction of the previons proposal. At tho bottom of this last proposal the accused stated that this proposal was ma«de to secure a similar sum on some doubtful property in Stafferd.1 Witness continued.-In eoach case in wlhich I examined Mlrs. Palmer I considered that Mrs. Palmor was a healthy subject. By Mr. 'Smithl.-Ii one proposal it is -stated that the deceased, oni the occasoion of tho birth of time tlhird child, hiad baddaprolinged labour,when the infant died, from the umbilical cord being twice round the neck. Such an entry vould tend to check the ready accoptance of the proposal by the assurance society. By 3r. Deatne.-Such an accident a.s that described would be d1ngerons tothe child, hbut not, It think, to tlh mother. Henry M. Wakley.-I ami at present theo managing director of tlhe New Equitable Life-office. I received this proposal from M3r. Lonax. (It was the first that was put in forw00?.) Thatproposal was accepted. It wasreceivedon the 13th of January, 1854, and it would be aceplted on tho 19th of January in time same year. After that proposal was accepted, and before the issuing of a policy, I received a econd proosal, in consequence of a letter from r. Lomax, receivOled on the2Gth, nannd iaccpted onl the same day, th.at hciandga hbolard day. 1t wtas, howevevr, in a £ew d-ays after- Mr. Deane.-I have nothing further to ask this witness. By Mr. Smnith.-Not in all cases the statement of a prolonged labour would induce an office either to refuse to grant a policy or charge an increased premium. Still we mnight charge an extra premium. WVe might pursuo tlis latter course-in the case of a repetition of stoli illness. In the case-of a protracted labour and in one in which a proposal is mnado imnmediately beforc another confinement we slhould not havo accepted the preposal until after the confinment. If there was a second long labour, it wvould make. us hesitate before we accepted. Mr. Deane.-Having accepted, and afterwards rejected that proposal, will you say whether it was uiltimately rejected because of a prolonged confinement? Mr. Smith.-I object to the question. The Coroner.-If lie makes a statemeiit he may give the reasonl of it. Mr. Smith still objected. 31r. Deane.-I shall be perfectly satisfied if the coroner will make a noto of that question. The Coroner.-The jury wish to havo the question answeredl. Witness.-It vas not rejected because of a prolonged labour. - Tnhe Coroner.-Tlse jury also wish to know why it was rejected? Ir. Smith.-Oh, hr. Coroner, you ought to exserciso your authority, and prevent mcli questionqs The loremnan.-'Why was it refused? llituess.-Bec Tse of information *hich we reccived from the mnanager of another assuraice office to whonm a proposal had been made. John Goddard.-I am actuary to the Rock Assurance Society. I produce a proposal by William Palmer, surgeon, of Rugeley, upon the life of hsis wife, Annue Palmer, for 5,0001. for ix ears daed hse2itl of anury,1854, on t'he life of Asnnve Palmr.i aged 27, signed bfy Wilaiam nad Anne Palmer, and wvitnessedi by Ansi Brads:law. Palmer, in this proposal. |stated that lie had an interest in the life of his wvife to the amount which lie desired the offico to secure to him. Before granting that proposal the directors wished to know the interest Palnier aad in the life of his wife; tle amount he was going to insure in other offices; the lnmountandobject of the loan, which it was stated by hIr. Strawbridgo (the agent of our office) Mr. Palmer was about to. borrow upon this assuirance, Mfr. Siuith objected to anything being said by the wAitness whlich lie had leamnt from htr. Strawbridgo. By tho Coroner.-Tlio pioposal wvas ultimately declined. By 3r. Smiith.-A,most aU I have stated I have learnt from 3Mr. Strawbridge. Witness.-Thiere are two otlber cases that I might menition. Coroner.-Have they reference to your office? Witiiess. -No. Coroner.-I suppose that tlhe assurance offices have an objection to state the reason wvhy they refuse lives ? Mr. Deane.-They have not the slightest objection in this ease. Coroner.-Because sonic offices have rejected my life. Thomas Eeihael Strawbridge, examined by Mr. Deane, at tlo request of the Coroner.-I am tho manager of tho Itugele- Provincial Bank, and the agent of the Scottish Equitable-office. I produce ciue proposal. It is signed by William and Anno Palmer. The proposal was accepted for 5),000?., and the money was received in March, 1855. Tho proposal was 3nade on the 13th of January, 184 In addition to the above proposal I received ono for the Rockoffiee, from whliel I received a letter; in coniequence of vhich letter I comminicated witl lr. Palmer, and then wrote to the Rock-office the letter whichi I produce. I applied to him for certain particulars, which he refused to give IIIe, and then I w-rote that letter, making the statements vhieh are in that letter. Tue Coronerexpressedsoime objection to receiving the letter as evidenee, when 3Mr. Deane said-If yoe don't think that that letter ought to he put in I will not press it. The Coroner.-I don t think it is necessary. Alfred Bishop Butterfield deposed,-I am clerk to the Sun Life Asmnrance Society, London. This is a roposal made to the office by William Palmiier, surgeon, of Mueif y, dated the Iltli of February, 1854, to insure the life of hIds wifSe for 5,0007. Tlhecertificr^teofhsealth is si^-nedhy Anne Palmser ; and tShe declaration was signod hv WiUliam Palmer, upon the granting of the policy. lhe noicyis 12,73S8. The receipt is dated the Gthi of February, iSoS, signed " William Palmer." Mtoney paid to WiUliaua Pratt, solicitor, 5, Queeii-street, Mayfair, london, in pursuance of a witten Jolin Edwrard Campbell Koch deposed, I am secretary to the Scottish Amicable Life Assurance Society. A proposal was made to our office osi the life of Anne Palmer by sVirm Palmer, her husband, and it was dated the 3d of January, 1854. It was for the suni of 3,000?. but was declined. MIr. Biergen. superintendent of police, examined yesterday, was reeaDled.-I saw Dr. lsfoncktontak8 abottlesimilar to this from William Palmer's surgery. 1r. Smith.-Oh, I'll admit all that. I wil admiiit that Dr. Moiicktoa took that and a hundred other bottles if yon like, all containing poison, from Mr. Palmers surgery. Dr. 3Ionckton.-I received this bottle from the hands of MIr. Bergen, in 31r. Palmer's house, on, I think, the 17th of December, the day on wlich Palmer wvs removed from Rugelev. I believe that it contains tartarized antimony. I received no other bottles besides that one. There were many other bottles. The surgery -was complete with bottles that one wvould expect to find in such a room. I have satisfied myself, by tastingit, that the contents of thatbottle contain tartarized antimoiny, which is more generally known to the public under the name of tartar emetic. -Bv Mfr. Smith.-Thc bottles were generally such as one would find in a surgery, except that they were not so full as is commonly the case. Mr. Deane.-I have no other witness to call with reference to the death of Anne Palmer. Mr. Smith,-I wish to ask Dr. Taylor whether this is not the first case on record of a case of slow poison by antimony ? The Coroner.--Is thero any more evidence in the case of Anne Palmer ? hlr. Deane.-No. I Mlr. Smith.-Mr. Coroner, I should liko to say a few words. The Coroner reminded Mlr. Smith that Drs. Taylor and' Riees were waitin- to go to London. Mr. Smith.-o'is, tLen, certainly I should much prefer that. Mr. Deane.-But there are other witnesses that should be heard, The Coroner.-What witnesses, Dr. Taylor, do you wish to have called? Dr. Taylor.-Whly, I should like to hear the evidence of those persons who were present with Walter Palmer shorty befdre his dieath. 'Mr. Smith,-Then in that case I think we- had better go to the jury at once as to the eause of the death of Anne Palmer. This course was then deternmined upon, when After considerable discussion as to the right of Mr. Smith to address the jury, which ended in that body declining to hear that gentleman, The Coroner, in order to put his notes together to read them to the jury, adjourned the Court for a quarter of an hour. loa the reassembling of the Court, Rhc Coroner said tha he should not read that portion of the evidence which did not immediately relate to the question into which the jury had to inquire. Their object wvas the inquiry into the death of the deceased Anne Palmer. In coming to that conclusion he must remark that any statementsowhich had been made in the public prints respeting this matter should not be allowed to influence their minds. Such statements might, with men of less intelligence than the jury he was now addressing, have had some weight, but he did not think that they would have weight with them. He must also remark that, althoush there were other cases pending, they had to consider only this one, and should dismiss from their minds any knowledge 'hich they might have Tespecting others. They had sworn- to come to a conclusion in accordance with the evidence iu this case, and this only. The principal points they -would have to consider were, first, the cause of eath secondly, if the cause of death was poison; thirdly they must cousider by whom rthat poison as administered if at all adtm.nstered-whether it was taken accidentally, or whetherit wras given deliberately. And then, having satiS'fied themselves upon this point, it would be for them to' say under w-hat circumstances it was so administered.0 Thle Coroner'then read through thosoeparts of the evidenen 'which he thought importaut, briefly remarLing upon per- tions of it. tu 0ite"" At the conclusion of his remarks, at minutes past 6 o'clock; the jury retired'to consider theirverdict. U Upon the retr of tEe jury' after an absence of 20 : The' oner said,-G 1itlein, have yot considered your wirdict-i---= - -'The Eoremans-Yes. - -' The1Cdironr,-Wbatis your verdict?.'' l'n.. The Foremaan then, amid the breathless silence of a crowded and excited court, said,-We find that Anue Palmer died from the effects of tartarized antiuony, and that that 'was, designedly adminitered by lier fiusband, William Ptalmer. The abnouneemeni of theverdict Ws followed by decided manifestations of satisfaction from a large number of persons in tho hal. The Coroner, after . pause.-Vliat do you mean by its being "designedly"adninisteredl Tho Foreman.-We mexn that it wvs designedly aerAinis. tered for the purpose of destroying life. The Coroner.--That, gentlernman, is a verdict of wilful murder? The Foreman.-That is our verdict. ' The Coroner.-Then, in that case tho evidence nnust.be written npon parchment. That sall beA done, and the evidenice in that form laid before you on Mondsay morning, to which time I adjourn this Court1 to inquire into the cause of the death of 1Walter Pamer. The court was then cleared. - During the progress of tho caso, and after Dr. Taylor had completed hiB evidence, 'ajr. Smith, addressing the Coroner, remarked that he understood that Dr. Ta.ylor's report of tho analysis upon tho remains of the deceased, which had been submitted to him appeared in T7he 'Tines of that morning. He should like to know by -whom -it had becn communicated to 7te 7ime3?; I want to know, said 3r. Sluiti, by whose cont. sent it was published ? lDr. Taylor.-Noi by mine, certainly. Mr. Smith.-If reports of this description are to get abroad before they are properly given in evidence, there is an end of all justice an a inquiry. Such a procecding is very likely to prejudice the. caso against Mr. Wiliam Palmer. Dr. Taylor.-Tlie publication of it was very improper. One of the reporters asked iie whether I had objection to his taking a copy before I delivered it, because the hour was getting lateo and he would have to leave by train for Lundoit without beilig able to trauscribe it in time for publicationi in the paper which lie represented on tle folloivng morning, if I refused to permit a copy to be taken before I delivered it. I replied that I could peniit a capy to be taken on no condition except the one that it should not be published before I had given it in evidence. UIpon a promise to that effect being given to me, I granted the request of the reporter. ?Mr. Smith wished the coroner to require from the correspondent of 7the Times how he became possessed of the report. The Coroner.-I cannot carl the reporter of Thc 2Tinies as a-witnless. C.aU on the ncxt aituew Our reporter adds that, whatever prominse might have been required from the genitleomen to whomn Dr. Taylor referred, and given by them, the two gentle. men engaged in the iiiquiry by whose courtesy he was enabled to obtaini a copy cf the learned Professor's report inposed no such conditions upon him; and tbat lhe consequently mnade no proniise respecting it. He further states that, until he licaid the statement of Dr. Taylor to that effect on Saturday, he did not know that the reporters alluded to had obtained the report under any conditions. The lega.l gentlemen who have been retained to conduct the case for the prosecution of Palmer are the AttorneyGeneral, Mr. Wbateley, Q.C., and Mr. Huddleston. The counsel for the defence have not yet been selected. The solicitors wh1o have hitherto had the management of the case on behalf of the accused have three na.ues before them, from which they will make n selection. Thosenamed are Sir Frederick Thesiger, Serjoant Wilkins, and MIr. Edwin James, of the Home Circuit. From the commencement of the inquiry on Friday morning to its close on Saturday night, the proceedings were watched by Captain Hatton, the chief of the Staffordshire police.
THE P1OJECTED ROAD ACROSS ST. JA.MIES'S PARK. It wil bc in the recollection of thc readers of this journal that in the autunin of last year it became knoi,;n to tlio public that a projectivas in contemplation by the Governmnent for- carrying a public road across the middle of St. James's Park, from tho Birdeage-walk on thlc south side to Pall-mall on the north, and that a considerable amoiut of popular indignation followed the announcement of the proposition. From that time little or nothing has been heard of the matter, no steps have actually been taken for carrying the schience into execution, and it was supposed that Sir Benjanmin Hall, the 21inister of Public W orks, who has hitherto had all the credit of the proposal, had accepted the significant hint of the public disapprobation, and consigned it to the limibo of abortive and abandoned 1;rojects. But it wvill be seen, from what tr-anspired at an snterview on Wednesday last between the hon. baronet, and a deputation of gentlemuen wvho waited upon him on the subject, that he had sought to divest himself of the conception and res,onsibility of the schemle in question, with wlhich the inhabitants of the metropolis had begun to connect his tenure of office, and that it cannot be said toebc relinquished. The precise modc in which tle project is to be cariied out has never been divulged by the autlioritieschar.'ed withitscontrivance. Butthere are good groundsforlehieving that it is to be a pubEc carriage road, commencing in Iirdeage-walk, at the present entrance to the park from Queen-square, and carried over the ornamintal walks and water of the enclosure by a viaduct restin" on a series of ainhes to a landing pface in the MM on the opposite side, and so opening up a direct conuimication between WVestminsterand Pail-mad, whlich it wil enter between 3Iarlborough-house and St. James's Palace. The deputation to w hich reference has been made, consisting of several genitlemen of great respect.ability, residing in the immediate vicinity of the park-namely, MrKeating, 3LP., Queen's Counsel ; Mr. Benjamin Hawes, of the de partmeut of the Secrehry for WVar; 31r. Whateley, Q.C., Mr. Tomlinson, barrister; Mr. Lavic, an eminent solicitor; and Air. Tustin had an interniew, by appointmient, on the subject of the proposed road, with Sir B. Hadl on Wednesday last, at his official residence in Whitehall-place. The deputation would have been more nmnerous, but several genitlemen wlho had expressed a ishx to take part in it were unavoidably out of town Mr. KEZArN, 3LP., addressing Sir lBenjamin Hiall, said that the gentlemen accompanyhig him and himself, al of whom resided in the immnediate neighbourhood of the park, had wraited upon hime w,ith thie viewv of ascertaining w;hat thc intentions of the Government were with reference to the road in question. They and many others of the inihabitants felt considerable uneasiness in respect of the proposedalteration, which they thought was calculated materially to impair the enjoyment of the park by the general 'public, without affording them any countervailing advantage. Sir B. H.ILiL said, ho would avail himself of that opportunitv to state, while e.xplaining bow tie matter sn qcuestion atiodathctmuchapprehe-tsioniadpreailedinthepcbivc mind -as to his posit.on o respectto it. The public had an erroneous idea that he was the author of the proposed plan, and that hecould doniat he likedin theoparls. But thatmwas not so. He as not a member of the Cabinet; he could only act in accordance with the instqctions he received from the Secretary -of State for the Home Department and was but an e:ecutive officer to direct any public works coming vdthin the scope of his department to be carried into exsecution which might be determined upon by the Government, wsith the sanction of Parliament.- All he had done in the matLer in qduestion wsas this. Some short time since he, as Chief Comneisaibner of Works, had received instructions from the Secretary of State for thae Home Department to prepare a plan for making a road across the park upon certzain date. That' plan had been prepared, and it would boe his duty to subm]it it to the consideration of the Secretary of State before the meeting of Parliament, when it would be laid on. the table of the House of Commons. Nothing whatever had yet been done in the matter ecxcept preparing the plan; certainly nothing towards the execution of the work. I Mr. B. HAwn-3 said, he apprehended the cost of the proposed workwouldhaveto heincluded in the public estimates,.and'asked if it had'been so included, as, without knowing the real state of the case, they (the deputation) mightbereferredfor wardtoatime when itmightlbetoolate for the public to make any available objection to. tho project I Sir B. HMLL was understood to say that the cost was not yet included in the estimates, that the plan had only beem rprepared, and that he had no power to do anything further sn the matter. Mr. HANvES said, he apprehended then they might consider that the subject was as yet only sub judicc Sir B. H&LL said, that wvas so; and Mr. Keating, or any other member of Parliament, night ask for information on the subject at the proper time in his place in the House of. Commons. Mr. WHATELEY suggested that it would be desirable that the deputation shouild go at once to Sir George Grey, the Home Secretary, and st-ate their objections to the proposal before it proceeded further. He, for himself, had notmerely an objection to the road as a public grievance to. the neighbourhood, but a personal dislike to it, as depriving himself and others of thepleasure and advantage they enjoyed from the enclosure as it at present existed. It would not only affect the view from his house, which looked out upon the park, but by going past Queen-square would be an annoyance to the inhabitants in that quarter. general conversation ensued, in which Mr. Torrorso, Mr. VIdvI, and other members of the deputation took part, and in which it was pressed upon Sir Benamin Hall that the projected alteraticn would be prejudicia to the comfort of families in the vicinity, wio were accustomed to walk in the enclosure and to send their children there for health and -ecreation, while it would materially interfere with the sujoy nts of a large body of t.he lower classes who were in the habit of coutinuady resorting to the park for sitiar purposes.. It was also contended that'there was no pressing necessity for-the ehiange. - Sir' B. HJn said, all he could state was that he could decide on nothing. There were three parks, St. James's, HSydePark iand: the Green Park, which were the property *3f Her Majety, ane' under the authority of the rangers, anid in which hieecould not build a lodge, or make or divert a footpath, without authoritative, instructions. - It was Otherwise in the case of, the Victoria;, Battersea,- and 'the Regent's Parks,;which he might call thenpeople's parka. ' Mr. Kr-m said, they might eoiude, then, that the matter, as suggested by Mr. lHawes was as -yet euo iuike Hehad comeprepared to explainithe grounds onwhichhe thought the project in question was chjectionable, hut he felt it was unnecessary after what had'been' said by Sir B. HalL - *- S ir-B. HA said, all hecouldsayagainwas, tlatlhe was a not it liberty to exercise any judgment in the muatter, that he bad prepared the plan which he had been instructed to' prepare. and which he woulid sen'd to the Secretary of State. The deputation might. go, if they plbased, to' Sir George Grey .nd state their objections to hinu, or, as he had already said, lr. -Eeating might ask for informationS on the subject. in hi's place in P'arliamnent. - But, in the mieantime, they nuight rely that nothing w ould be done in the:esecution of. the workwitbouts the matter-being brought under the con-. aideration:of the llouseuof Commons. -a h.- A&t the ;fequest of -.ar. Ktixg, -Sir Benjamnin undertook to' nietion thie circumustance to Sir Geerg GrevofstheT deputation having wvaited upon hiusu (Sir B. HIad) to expresis their objections to the proposed alteration, and the inter-| view tenninatUed.-
SALES BY AUCTION. PerodicalSale (establshed mi 18) appoited to take lace th firy Thurolayin every month, of Absoluteo .and ContngeTtaevesion tho Funded and other Property, Life Interests, Annuities, Policies of Assumunce, Advowo-ons. Next Presentations, Mtanori al Rights, Renit Charges m ,ien of Tithes, Post ObDit Bonds, Toutines, Debentues, lasproved Rents, Shares in Docks, Canas.s, hmies, Railwiays, Insurwnei Companies, and other publiy undectakings, fer the peest dRom Ise riece of the heanounce thathis PERIO- Dich ICAh SLmES (esd inshed in 1841), for the disposal of every description of t&e above-mentioned PROPERTY, take placoe e the first Tlsssrsdaylneachmonthtlsrouglsoub the preubaty.ar, asunder:- January 3 M hay 1 September 4 Febreary 7 June 5 I October 2 se farih a y 6 a and 3 aovember 6 appcatoril 3 AusustDccemberL 2Sr.Sharsa haboyainduced to hold thesp e alesromptheincreasino demand for thu transfer of property of this descriptln, the value ol vhich as a meas of investmet is daily becoming istter icti fad from his experiece of tho heLLy drawbacks and great tihieculty to Vhich it has been exposed in the ordinary couse of salk, and the expe- ience o the last l earsihas prred tho aboue 'plan tosbeeqrsly ad. vautgeofstovendor s sad purchasers, thgen lassFicatdonof usimeroan lots rendering the means of publicity more effectual and less eXPensiVe tothe vendor. and simpiefying the tmnsfer to the purchaser. Noties of sales intended to be effAStedhy the above means should be forwarded to Sir. Marsh at least a fortnight antecedent to the above dates, in order that they maY have the fel benefit of pubedcity. Tho parti. culnrs and conditions of sale for the ensuing Sear may bo obtained seveMdarysg riortoSaEh day of sale, at the hart, and athfr. Marsh't ofJaces, 2, h 1arlotte-rowe, Mlaon-housa; or vill beforwardedlfree on application. 280 Shares in the P.oyal Santiago Copper hMinin Company, forfeited for nou-paymentof eallas l ,Ub. 1hIABSH has boom favoured with instructions ifcom the Directors to siden by AUCTClIOnd, at the plact, on Thursday next,gJanuary 1a at 12, without reserve, in Lots of 10 shares each,o2n 0 SdiAESgofis 10 each inN hat important and flourishig u- dert;aking the ROYAL, SAN-TIAGO COPPER MININ'G COMPANY Island of Cuba, London offegs, 3eS Broad-streetauiddinges. PartiulaRs may.be obtAined at theasort; at the offies of the Company, in Broad-street-buldings; and at ro Mfarsh's ofices, 2, Charlotterow, Manlsion-house, or w,ill be forwrarded on application. Valuable Freehold Property, within a few minDtWe£walk of the Oing's roast Chelsea, comsprig a spacious detached Faminly Resideucc sith large garden, EovrSgan areaNof about 1,10square yards, well adapted for bnidlsg purposes, twvo genteel Residences adjoining, and threo Cottages in the rear. s1R. IARSH has received instructions from the A a hTovtgagees, wsith thconcrrence of the denvte of the nato Mertgagor. to SELLbyAU CATCONONattheMt on Thursd a y ne xt, J 1 at1 contract), acompact; ane; valuable FREEHIOLD ES3TATE, compris ing the capital family residence, No. 1, Lindsay-place, Chelsea with large garden, covering onarea of aboutal.1rfOsquare yards, ve'i adapted for building purposes ' also two gentee residences nearly adjoinn 7, distingushed as No.2 and 3, Innmdsay-place, and several cot- ages m tho rear. The property is most advantageously siteate, facing he Thames, withiu a few minutes' w-alk of tho pier, Battereaa-bridge, and KZing's-rosel, and offers an eligible plportunity for a profitable building npeculatione or a secure investment. May be viesed, and particulars,v itheonditions ofale, obtained'at thy MartU of tessrs. Bolton, Belfour. and Bolton, solicitors, 4~ El'm-court, Temnple; of A. J. Ba Ros, Esq., solidtor, 2 B, ooe Cros21street; and at Mr. Mah ofWfices, 2, Charlotte-row, Mtansion-homse. Hoxton *fevw-tov-Dwelling-housesi and capital Business Premises. wI B. MIARSH has received instrulctions from the s Assigneo of r. Thomas GodfreY to SELL by AUTCION, at tho hrart on Thursday nexpJa. 17, at 12a the DWELItsG HOUSES aud BUSINESS PREMIS6ES, Nos. 2 and 3, Forston-street, Hoxton, w ith wa¢rehouases, sambling. and yard iu the rear, of the estimnated value of £73 perannum;j held for a lang term at a moderate ground rent. Mfay be viewed. and partsculars, w;ith conditions of .sal, obtained at ths Mtart; Of Herbert Stunmy, Esq., solictor, 8, Wellington-street, London-bridgre; of Messrs. Pou'ton, solicitors, Noethampton-suaro of W. Whitrncre, Eshq-. official assignee, 2, Basmghail-teet; sand at hlr. MEarsh's oflices,]2, Charlotte-row, M1ansion-house. Blac'ifriars-moad-To Timber terchants, Builders and others. R. MTARSI has received instrcLLtion from the 1 Trustees of Mfr. T. Anslowv with thoeconsePt of the Mtortgagees, to SElL ry AUCTION, atothe m art, on Thusdaynext Jan. 17, at 12, TivO capital DWELLINlcG-HOUSES comprsing c ros. 16 and 17. Marlborumgh-streo t, Chanlotte-street, iusckfria.-road, with Lurge Yard andPremises wel adapted ior carrying on the busined of a timber merchant ormahogany dealer: held on lease for a term of abontdl years at a moderate gorund rent. Also a Policy of Asserance for tho sumu of £800, effected wsith the Clerical. M1edics], and GeneralBLffe Assurance Companyv. on the lifeofs a gentleman, aged 46. M1ay be stewed, am d particulars with conditions of sale, obtaied at the art.; of Messrs Clark and Mu0iee, solidctors, 22. Coleman-treetk* of Messrs Dyer and QuIck, 27, Ely-pltaco * of WV. Sim, Bsq., solicitor. 8. Ring'si Rench-wsllu Templo; and at it. Ma3rsh's of fices, 2, Charlotte-row, MaNsioon-house. No. 7, Great Cnmberland-place, Hyde-park,--Slo (by direction of the Executors of the Late General Carpenter, deceased) of the genudre wall-made Fumuiture. choice Wines, Pianofortes, Pictues, Books, Plate and Plated Articles, China, and Glass. liar Dai XON stll SELL by AUCTION, at whichRobinson's Aouction Rooms, 21, Old Bond-street, on Whednesday, Jan. 23, and fablowing day, (a sale not being permittod upon the prCmists) the assemblage of HOUSEHOLD FUNSITUre, two piancfortes, some valuable pictures, hooks, illu/strated w orks, 16 dozen ef choiceoMadeir, with other wimes, a qrantity of plato and plated artiche china, glass, linen, kitchen utensils, and rquisites. On viewu t the rooms,n Old Bond-street, the day befor the saple and catalots2s at the PlanC of ds, and of Mre Moaon, 3, St. Martin's-place, Trafaltarsquare. In Banokuptcy.-tinrnith e and Effects, jf.r - GEO. ROBINSON will SELL, on the Pro- mises, 6, Albion-road east, Stoke Newvingtou, on Wedncsday next, January 18, at U1 for 12 precisely, the FURlNITUItB and EFCS of a genteel residence. May be viewed the day prior, and catalogues had on the premises, and of Mrr. Gleo. Robinson, 21, Old B on d -stre et, To Hatters and others. 'ItPErNTOy and SON will SELL, at 94 Lower e of . Shasmuel Beleher, thef STaOClK, atoml'prisfng hats and caps of everY dunomination. nets. booies, plush, &s.; fixtures, utensils, fumriture of the Tusual descriptien. May be vi ewcelthe day ureceding the sale, Catogues had on the premises; of aessrs. J. and 1. Linklater and -Hnekwood, solicitors, Sise-lane ;andof thoauctioneers, 7,angel-fourt, Throgmorton-strcet. Eligiblo FreeholdBuilding Ground, Croydon and PeCkham, land-tax redeemed. yE NTOM and SONT have received instructions from the Trustees and Execultom under the Will of the late Mr. WilLiam Davis to SELL bY AUCTION, at the Mart, on Th day, Jan.r24 at 12, in two lots, 51Lot 1,) 3a. lr. Sp. of FRtEEHoLD LAND 'having a frontage next the hgh road fom Sddon to Crydon of 2y-ifeet on which are two cottages, stable, and sand-house, situate on the Setldenroad, a mile and a half from the station at East Croydon and two miles irons the West Croydon Stafon luading to Sanderstead and Selydho. The property aboundsmwit; lan m eanrth to the dcpthcof 15 feet, and also with chacl, admrubly adapted for mabing brietis and lime, for which purpose it hae boen used bythe Late llfr. masit3nd hie son up to the last few months; there is alsoa large supply of gravel, lot 2, Eight aeres and a half of Freehold Land, particularly adapted for uldingepurposes, sfud ing eai rth wellyadapted foraica erna';cinr for which it has been used bythe lateior.thoWilam Davisfor the last 3 yas,niistuate inCrabtrce Shot-read, leading from Hill-street, ndpinted ph aG of Joseph Tasyulote b jr, oE th {rl lmatCoyo; of7rGr~ecu.Crown Inn,. Croydon' Red Cow reca: arborough Arms, South-street, CnmberweD-~ -Elephard of Messrsleatotm saud- Sen. n3ctieneem, As<ngel-dorst,Throgmoston.- street: and at the Auction Mart .' -- Mtedical and Gener3l Library of Drs Golding Bird, Philosophical In- rirmatnis, Photographic Pictures, anuApparatna DJTTICE and SIMIPSON, aucetionleers of literary Tpperty will SELL by AUCTION, at their -geat Room, 121 Piccadilly. on Wedneod y anu 16, and two following days, tho ueful and valuable IKBRAY of Guiding Birdl, Eser . 3!.D.. comprising modern editions of the best works in most branches of medical hiterature, works6 on surgery, the sciences,, and general physics, theological works, and miscellanceus bucks in various classes or literaapparatus, choice phtgrpi picue,admselaeu 'fet. ,Maybe viewed, an cataogues had Etegant modern Fnture, costly Effects, Plate, old and modemu Pic- tures, Wines, Rooks, Elkigton's Plated Sereices, Harp. Pianoforte, Dollnd' Telscpe Dule-barrel Gnn, China, lime;, Dog Cart, Lease of House, &e, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ o IHINNOOK and GLSWORTIIY will SEl:L by AUCTION. upon the Premises, 40. AbIbon-street, Hiydo-parkr on Wedneda, January16. and following day, at 12, by -direction of the Pr6pcietor, leavin g forthe cOunmtry, the well-mode FURNSITURE;comprising an assemnblage of honotshold appendages of the usaldc-g scriptiun, and all in excellent rendition, those of -the drawing roern ,being principally in w alnut, incaiulng msny itemls af a costly chai&ntsr, om2amental elinas and Pariisian elegandies, sp,lendid hsxp by 'pianoforte; some exellent cabineqtpaijntiCubngsbey old matci}s;chialleo thofuelDtachool, acellaof first,.clasassines, including. 18 duzopianPts oldTPortSin exellent condition. ukt browoatd other fhtrries, Chinspsie,&.sriesOf hia ad glas,40 uniencsof late lkngton'5' new dog cart, an-exP0usive telescaieby Dolland, gun.&c k; * ssthe lease Of the premiszes: for4, 7, 14, or.llyeares,at sil20pers- num, Catalogues mayho obtained on'the premises; sndsof the auctioneer28, lOt.lenstreed;Waterloo-plao. .1t 1 5ni4 Sale -of-Building -Materials aS ths Srey-ZologIcal- en2ia Pro- paatory to tb gad alterations for the SurreY Gardens, As . -A a>.nd C- PU0I are instructed by WY. Tyler, Req., WVF- to SELLy AUJCTION^,- on thePte'i'o-mumno*Jan -11, at 1 t, the' entire residue of the IllATEP.ItI' of thi cele. -,btatedesoabllahrn; compUreq isOingthe-well-Imowthn R~nlemi2dtAtari's jbridge,. 2+qu2ri ' 2Ln othe ashesi beast dens, ater-closets, shds io ,r2lenos items of utUiit sand eurioaity. beviewved tls8 ds preceding orpreviuusyby cards,;vwhich, with catalogues, maybe had of tb(e cYCasegar, W. &U4.4'Ib, 6, ruacnitret, BouigwASk, Pall-miall.-Collection of Pictures, chiefy Eoglish. SSRS.FOSTE andSON will liv direction of XVLthe Assigneeo3fSte. Blare,SELLLby AUCIO't, at the ille-v, 54, Pall-mall, on Wednesday. January 23, atl pro cisely,aCLE TION of modern PiCuTURE, iucluding the works of Geo. Stanfield Shirley S..Woolmer Compton-MllalR J. Woiod Gainaboro Rtedgpavo Shayer Pritchett Itotlawel Constable. May be viewed two days Irior and cataloges bad of Msmrs B. Wilkns nd Byth 10,St.Swit se-lan .ofoW. Bell, EsQ.. ofHfIcil :see, 3, Coleman-treet-bu]aldings; and of Mese. Foste. 1, Pail-- Pall-mall.-Exeelent modemn English Pictures. 1IjISSRS. FOSTER. and SON will SELL by A'CIN, at the lallery, 54 Pall-mall, on, Wednesday, January130, and following days, at 1 ea&l day, a COLLECTION of jaodem, PICTURES. the property of W. B. ates, Esq., whose taste Ad anamateurand talent as anartist give ansura:neeof the quality of the worls, mostiyobtained -direct from the fstudios of painters, iucluding rna 'yra 'lrsng in public esteem, andexamsples of SI rO..aT lal-, PW.RA, A. Elmore, A.HA. F.W. ToDbam IL Redgrave, R.A. .1 Ltnneli J. Dnb W. P. rith R.A.. J. Holland G. Chaber W. Collins, W-tA. A. Solomon J. Wilson -P.F.Poole, A.R.A. J. Philip A. Slontagcss A. L. Egg, A.R.A. A. Clint W.Hemsley On view two days pnior,andeatalogues Wa at Messrs.Footer's oflles K4 Pall-maIl. Guhdford-strct. ltussell-square.-Leasehold. private Rewidence ; hold at zellground rent, and let at £80 per anuxrL W~ESSRS. FiOSTE R and SON are directed to SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday, Psi,. 12, at 12, the LEASE of No. 51, Guildforl-street, Iiusseli-square, let to Messrs. Smith, at LODOper annmn, and held for 315 years, at iT2l per annum. This -is an excellent residence for a professional mmn - The present occupier is ayearly tenant. Myboiesrwed only by permission of the tenant, and particnlarshad at the Minrt; of F. (. Norute Fsoi.,elcitorll, Gmays-inu-square;, Messr. M`Leod and Btenning, - solicitors, !Lndrn-'steect. city ; ana of Messes.L Foster, 14 Pall-miall. - Charles-street, 23tanchester square,-A good Leasehold Investment. MiESSRS. FOSTER and SON %vffl SELL by AIUC- TIO'N. at the Mart, on Tuiesday February 12, at 12, on excellent LEASEHOLD private DWELLING-HOUSE, in -'ood, substential, and omnamental repair, being No. 4, on the north siNe of Charles- sre,Manchsestersqusre, Slaxylebone, now in the oceupation or Thomas Wacohinners, sq., atX7 £1 eannum, held for shout 31 years at a ground rent of 6 guineas. The house has three rooms on a dloor. wellfittdwit watr-clset is very suibstantial and comfortable, and contains all the acoomniodatiQn required byea family of respectability. Slay be viewed by prmission of the tenant. Cards to view and particulars.may be hodof MAesss. Pester, 14, Pall-mall ; also of tessrs Beecharn and Son, solicitors, H1awkhurst, KCent. The valua'ble and extensive Collection of ObJects of Art and Vertu Of the late Mr. Wiliam Forrest, of the Strand. MIjESSRS. FOSTER and SON' are directed to SELL Itby AUCTION, at the Gallery, 14, Pall-mall, en Monday. Feb. 11, and four follosing days, at 1 each day, wit-hout reserve, by direction of the Executers the -very choice collection of mrar SEVItES, Dresden, Vienna, and Orienatal CHINA, bronzes, crvig niog es aae andintaglios, ancient chased plate, brequeta curdnoous watches,clocks, mrlevases and slabs,sculpture,stainedglass,mosaie,huhi,yteimer, obecs faUntiauiLateran colurist,electedn during pahst yercytela te. LE SSRS. FOSTER and SOEarc directed to SELL iml by AUCTION, at the Gallery,.5 r all-mnail, on Wednesda&y, Feb. 27, at. I precisely, the COLLECTION of WVATER-COLOUlt DRAWVINGS. tl,e property of that distinguished amateur. Charles Birch, Esq., of Edgbaston. Birminigham; including the Cold Mlom.- ing audthe Crielteter. by W. Hunt. from the Beaux Art Paris Exhil- ussonlfo dehosomRceoftheges-ak-3drcont of thelea olcin n av e be jameHofr,s. ~A SSRS. FOSTERadSO eptfsyacsin £VJ., th public this PROPTt5(wsNTSL tteae,u n mnay be treated for by private contract. Consisting of h crundleawe of Holford-house. in the Rtegent?s-park, held of the Crw or an-unex- - pired term of 71 years, at a ground rent of £113 s.Pezr=snm exclusive of six acres of additional land, for which a,osl a of L30a. Is. 9d. is payable. The mansion in situate in the outer circle of the park, with unrivalled accommodation for a family and for the receptionof an almost unlimited extent of society, including t he uiagniificent ball room aindtlse banqueting room; at the hack of a nobile saloon sasaiuvetibule and fraud staircase; which, as welUn the two s.conaysticsenthe wigs, leadtothn chamberfdoor, contaiin 20 bed roomsandI nine dressing roonms, bath room,. linen roo,an abundance of domestic conveniences. The basement will accommodate anumerous establishment. The out-buildings cemprise stalls for 10 horses, three large b-oxes, and standingformome than 11 carriages The drainag of thle hemse and grounds is perfect, and effeeted by a sewer carried by the late Mlr. Helfoed, at an expense of about £1300D, across the park. usder the ornamnental water, into the main sewer near Hanover-terrace. The north fronLt in approachedI item the park by er.trance gates and lodge, with carriage read winding through the shrubberies to a lofty port-coebhee, formed of noble Corinthan colunmns. The grounds, 4of about 11 acres, are planted with shrubs belted by everg=Eecs and have been laid out with a perfect k-nowledge of landscape E ardmning. rarticulars of Mlesses. Crowder. Maynard, Son, end lawford, solicittore 7, Coleman-street; and of Messes. Foster and Son, 5L Pall-mall, Fictures of the highsest class. ~IESSUS. FOSTER and SON are directed to SELL - at the Gallery. 54, Pal-mall soon after Easter, a COLLEC TION of Italian and( Djutch PICTIJILES, formed by an eminent collecor,andcomrisng ork ofthe eatst mpotane.The most disingishdmstesef he hach n~Femih shoos wllbe found Brompton.-Twvo nearly new Houses, in Yeoman's-terrace, the turnin opposite Bromptou-squam,- heltl for about 71 years at £3 and ground rents, 1JESSRS. FOSTER and SOND will SELL by AUCM tTION. at the Mart on Tuesday', ., at I2, us two lots, a T1 LA SEIIOLD PROPEIWf, consisting of two neat britk-built houses each containing seven rooms and wash-house, with Yardt and enclosed fore-court. erected about dyve years ego, and let at £41 per annum, offering good small investments. Mlay be viewed- and particulars had, 14 dLays prior to the ms.le at the Start; at the Grapes Public-house, the corner of Ycomans-row, of Geeo Holings, Esq., solicitor, 12, Regent-street; and of Mesera. Feoster, 14TSllm'all. New-road.--Extenslve Sole of Marble Chimneypecs jJESSRS. EVERSFIELD) ud HaORNE will SELL by ACTIN, o th Preise, 17end18. South-row. New- rod,oneractrst. PagntrmeChrn, ando-morrowJanuarye 15,in Bat1 ford ship, suin EVERySait f tLD coprsng HORv E h andoel scltrdin strutedato andL byoe marbles, and wan asso,rtment o blak,blak nd el, vinandBadila.Ma bhe vEwDedfOUR dy reviondcatles adontepremses;ando theactineers, 4ie, Tohotactos, LikghToerme, ndotrs.-Vas u abdeM Selng otaheman MESSRS. EVERSFIELD) and HORNE havereM evd ntatmee onsrothCosg oBELL by AUCTION,atC es-o85Bnk side Soubtswhwar,o Thurrcs-bn ilc.olday, Jan.ar171, at 12fo1.teENAVU decke saiin bargTYe,CK of8 STon,wThARigin and BLEso verly naew opent Barges varye imngfom16to0tns suitable frsup ors,r nly irerorCannl andrar30-lu Cabnde Pantil, f andingpart k o f te Venixanedstockfa wel knownbllhermon aUnd contacitor. May be viewed,ad ctwlogdaespredion an asge a tthe prlceofmis;s and of the auctioneers, 40.ramn-tmt rCa Parliamnt-teeto C~ioedfsalsExchange. Ubakn Thamds-VainablT Sculptotrs, Stonsckilers aepnd thneMrsl. M ESSRS. EVEIRSIFIELD) andI HORNE have re- eived instructionsfrom theDCnigretosf tho SELonby an AUTIN. 1 atclesiels-wharf,ethacsnorth Pityi-oad on TFesday. January 182, at1 for 1, 70 St ha Fon B HLOCKSof STATUAoY variousE ofsgn very pur assortmweland of Tamnteld-arie~ ndc0locksg ofacVein tandScliano Marble fnt, ofbeelnquli tys& . h layhbeoviewed,andcuaetaoureshd onth bs thanepremss anoof te tifomaerLI, Parlsammtst5ee, or ioa ExchangMae, pril,ov ted ilsat ix Esnthatwle oftake Cn.em eln Ci -rad.-Vmunbl Manuactued toc fSepnie abe M SR.EVERSFIELD and HORNE- have -reueiSerpeninsretCompny to SELLby AUCTON, at the ShoRooms,% Lo8e Mpclsd-tor, eet north,e Cityroad, on% euesda%y, Januar 23, at 12 o fltor xo 1.70h ERAlandsomeCHI NEYPIC Sof vaiu esigns, and a aOrtmCEnt of comrisnamsentral -aticsofleadindin brckpets, sltedable-tops troofs, fontes, joeias,s ade, hiarthiygpfohohebdanlfSantcis he mhegaty mannrs of thegls sasbo beautiul atryciany-le lso2 coihimey-pieces,I sttay andviclarbher Noteig, Theo G wol b,Iedalsawrdsdtiosuther Comg_pany atothe Ehbtemion of 811 atndtte Pounsaris Expsitio ofth 18L, oronsthorauf atrkening serpentioneo marble,nhihois cgronng tomer recedbivekitsdu aprcatin,oneSt aynb oiwdner wefekt.= previous,an adcatalogues had: on theepomFises;n of the auctioeers, 40, Porfliamtentstreeut. andeCoal4Excangiae. tetrolxhn BuldngMtersiveIape ls, onth ac wley, nesate oarfothConsevtiv. n /ESSRS. EESIELADAA and BHRLNE hare ieV s1trctied itcin to S,inteL by AUC2notIO,uls on te reisoes, ofbythe eatetratlteentAefiAISand INTINGS f the mNSIONt end. kowFIES compritesingsve ra tosA fledncper,ES nelatedan tiled rownofs girdeors,jit Rend, qarteldfriang dooxpredtr b eardssSais ahoan houes ertete of rnal toempler withstone cholumns, largeacastlofMth Locoonez staout;pr fenciudng arte 2hofe gowreehoses, grwngtimbe,er,y sounbrsnerk,pavng,balonis, nd th a effects.Mye viewed,sea Strad; o Mesrs. arrson nd Lwis,14,ne owexlconrt, ]pa u-ma ExteivoPape Mils, awly, narpaprditord engt sn Inewn ad ex-1tensive d HA L3rwEY tiLlosughaind R, S admselneatouth chier ansde.lnt ncludingra 20-orse. poiowrror stemr enin, nearly i engine, 50 emietsht 6hoavin poern letto,n lexellten cpiape ma-. chl~~iro rg enine, tomprising daito,utw paerdittods eight saptone g t abrsrm itol cisern, blech prcdump ais, alkaimPete,ra Howard nd Doli an,dsliitrqu14,eteiochurbi-nrets 'aland or'ainentral S att, Surey,na the ttia ito,HueodFriue Effecots.nuacuinieenr -1JUTSSRS. BLOG n A RETlNSEL wy-UCTO SEL tb cosnguere f te peesseah~jn ben lt o lese,the ExnpitaFRage ofthechaber wace nd iltcabiol drwin nr ot hairs andna are emerald and bmntrilliantrin,arubysaindnbsoh-a brilin ekac in dune taste, an wmerald and diamnond necklace in gold flreebrooche pinS, andotheromal ents, set wnith diamonds a fewr goldaai4 silver watches,-Oartices0f lateandplatedware. tMaytbenewsedth day Preceding and mornings of saIat the auitTi rooNs, 21 Old BosdstrWeet, hen catalogues maynbe hd, and of the- auctioneors. 28, BucklerYbort d -d or Or The valuable Topographieat end tantinsarian Libeary of a.genIeon,' ']jISSRS. S. LEIGH SOTE1EBY and JOHN .1ctrWIKINSOe, auctioneers of titerarl prorsty and wrorks illustrative of the fine art. wil SEl by AUCTI , at their House, 3; Wellingtonstreet, Sfrand, on-Thursday Januar,v17. and two felowingdays ,atIprecsely. tho valulthe TesOGftPheI Cnund A,TIQUA1RIAN BIHEAIY of agentleman, dece.ased; compDrising Ormeorod (G.),ristHr ioof theCoentyPldatingof Cbeuter,e3vofn., 'lsiaoint-t narbl' edges, raes; At;ynsVir Robt.c, Ancient and lresent Wtathee Gdcesterhn1 e, ai fne opy of the -original edition, free frol all stais or iniur by fire; H* olstead, Genealogiso, the engravedg lates to thi exeerslvelyrorework;- Drake (P.1, Etoracum. orthoe stosyand Astiqtltirs of the Cit s o York: Morant (P1 list of the Countyof Piex, 2ii, original edition,with all tho pSite, - dea'sEemainecnoerning Britainc -1lt36, on laege pa~rer,raro: -sinimole's lister of tbsel Orderuof thc G-ater*Ediemndsonsmplee atoslyofllerAldry.2 oles; Jeat ' Irans.tTon of the Charters of the Ciniua Ports very casS1 iord% istoryuof thoeKings aud Queenseof England,et editwon Ware'is Wiaoe Wmiks eonemnit g Ireland, 2 voLs - thes rsReablems, in the orignal binding; also some hbeutiful ilhiunlnated: rnaucrcdpts, consistinge of th&Hioura of lhe Virgin, nce,Mih Idiniatrs; to:whiclaisadded, the. eassicalandtheol' eniched -with the lateRer. T.Philtrot,-'"--Sin Plot's History fSiodlie lagejiaper; Nash's Woresteashire, with SuPppement, 3 -vets.; 8St- pai Thesaurus L6ugria Grrae-o, compDlete in parts; Nessentopiuemo - ilu~rbatHeriely, va ols.- Voesm Testamnentum Grosem, ediderunt Hoboes ot Parsons,. S oli. in 26 parts; Ariostol Orlando Faiesa,3 S volafolie, Pire4 1809, aunhqueropyon blue paper, Ac fa bd viewret two dmpror,aka at1ojqebd, if in the country ca reoeipt of twco Small, Collection of moden Duatch Paictrs. ~fSSRS. RUSHWORTH andJARVIS willSELL MEW bAUCTION. attel~r~tRoom~ Saville-row, TIo-mor~row. January 133 CABIEnMr PICTRE,of pleasing cbaraicter, inclatd. iug IandacPeM seacapes, and river scc3cry by taletdmeratiOf the Dntehli,booL. To be viewed the Aia previous to the sse. and eatalpge had at thie offices of Messrs Rutaiworth and Jarvis, Sa~ville- roe.let-street; and 19, Change-allcy, CorbUill Sa Vl-o.-33 C~aes of sparkling Chamage. Five Cases of Moselle, and Five Cases ofMracio iI-ESRS. RUSHWORTH iUndJARVIS WIll SELL ,L`bY AUCTION, attheirget Room, To-morrow, January 15. bydcredtitors,tb3rdoten es er 6deedof asignmenit,for thebenefit of cediors,63 oze s parkling CHAIUPAGNE, of the stint quality, lped bY C. Aubriet, in cases of thren dozen each; 36 dozen qsparkulgha.mpagne, zseond quality, in three dozen cases; 15 dozen lasele an lvecaesofMaashio.Samples may nowbe had and thwns s,tatedat the thue of stWe, and catailogums had of Messrs uswort,hk% ad Jarv-is, Sarlille-row, Regent-stmeet, and 19. Changealley, CornhilL Now on Vlew.-Savillierow-apits anodern Furniture Chimney- glasses in gilt framecs, Grand Pianoforte, Cloeks, and mniseellaneous Items, removed from Beigeave-street and vaR ousS civate residences. ESSRS. RUSHiWORTHE and JARVIS wMl B1 ELL by AUCTION at their gr-eat Room, no Tuesdsay. Jan. 15, capital modern fURNTUIE; comprising five pairof tabaret window curtains, countes, sofas, and chairs in rosewood and mahogany, lao, card and occasional tables, marqueterie ditto and secrretnre, cabinets, aehaL-nots. chimnney-glasses in gilt frames, mabogsny dWinig roomn chars nd abls, idboads,oakbooirae,clocks, lamp,r, and orna- drawers das-tors toiLet tble,ppndae tohte domi,estic9 offices, fitadeia. CTalogues, mayL nowbebaa the leaanmodfeemo UMessT Ushdininrtaband charis Sandicowche roerednt-steetheadr1, ichalgeuteChaim rectedou tors SenlLse bydebarCId, ehnte Premsses, 1i. ouatent,3- fre e, o ELeada Jn. 7 the decantiu cpre and moenoUtherTaublE dinng abl, cair, nde couces coered itt nleather,sindlet charirso of vriosfoms,encose sIdeboard, Fechimaned glasbet an desaasigs frame, cad, 10. ad. ocasioaortbles Brsel enarpeStoc, of" andrs fendrs,chaberfurntur, clu ing Uanisoe mityotgany whabso bestad AUrTOnrNc, andth Gtoanlrr ditto wnivnged ardrb, hearitsr of druawers, wahingt and dressingril tabes with matnl tops toilety gasdes. japaned lip bahs ruxequisi c or tuendomsi offte Ice, andete disefu pseets ofay the viewyedteb dmay preLCedIng an aalgehda thn Thrbe, importantgClaectio ofibeautfu Soulps, uraes, andg othersvaluabld Wornsains, aluble, bronze, stne,merras cotta, an etesiv taret moft marblesimney-iecs,o Italian, French,Egih, andmEisethmarbdesigmns. mchic specimenstoful scaulpots,redb fostrmigthe,entire Sto ckofumesrs direction ~ ~ ~ ~ gades ad lasr 31[jESSRS. RUSWOTHand SONVI Wil SELL b ikyAUCTION, at the Gallries onUThursday.-Jnurye17 nar FIly-e ae n h t iand 9t of Aprl, thse6thande throfte ay, a ndd thbe o I ad4lb_ ofdJun in conshequnc ofthyear plrtmiseus havingf beensdin poebadsofn the very CelebraiteCOLLETIO 31of testULPt. c Et , in2& marbler, sUitorudigclasival'sgeren, gops,e fe vases, thers pedetals and f,Ountains, aluable . bronzes,nmeos chmeypecsdo.hems aprvedsignato Itapinian, Fenmch, f Entih, andone macrbe, mn pdsAls,CTIOadeabrah moaics oitn Tudura., Janduarb17 stabs,uand t an famoes, ofthe stock willt be arrancedy vinlts, sutheaprbletfor the SigrohnSuar,ndshtn of the noViyin enr.ca-taloges vllo be resaidy fourtdaj Valabl Itveionto one intheFuns, n te eathof aolad %ESR BROIITLEY and SON, wil SELL by AMUCTIN, atte'aton Thursd Jn 2~ay.2 'lok Jnay1,at12 theMma sadnintenmsobglyrespectable FMLREI NC m th rustes and pack ableons toahe-demseo adtalad, nowginbhefrinvethiyearnaticlrs had ofMeaeut. Richardso and bWansey., soitors,lac, Sotrgate-dFsreet, city:on of In hanezy-" tevnso v.SleensnY-iveoldProperty, beoppo -IESSRS. BROM E sdSON will sELLi by Wp. ulc,COTPIEON, at the M1art, on Thursday, January 172(usuntt at Decree oreof the Dihioret ofs i Chncery wth thnesan pprobatio offSir Joh Stuarty muihtde of prthe Vce-n aethorsofte mpaidu CFrt,) in twXos REEHODUOUES mw andel= PREciSES, hvno. 11,vUery x May omittedoparticulY,tarshdrfMessy, o xWeaneda H JaBaddly, soiios, 'tuLate-tre God an'sfeds ofi- J. F. Empen6, Ran-, Jolicitor. GILL israe-tet placeofusae; t andsftheructioneerso 1MCmerciL-road Subto AUCTION, castGaw'.onWded JanuayM a12 orlnexear ntrafrd, Essex. XOLDNM bein 56UCHtIO.onTgaudeday Jal~on. let on Ime foer at them o Marct, a repertabueuFAILTh resentE lewithav frontende ba ckgrudens,l coamh-hum n tbe cbeorivsmn rocption epleasant o ig roedtoemiord, and withinai toe asmiues thalt a'teRala verylong erm, chtalw rosmdrent. Maybe veaizewed Candbpariculad had lateofthheSwanands sThug' Headnns Stratford;y ofgel and Inted LiobIns, flobta:ing'so thead p mor; at r GaWaylsa solic.itrd,2. W csip-sreet, Finshury; placielofsle; and of the auctioneers, 17,c Important Saleofra-furethe Portnon of Totnhem-Surplusroadl. blngn tn(CotaePnofotheCmmercal GaswCocl mp any. fecs 1UESSRS. BROMLEY nd SON willasubmthe bto ,~L~t ubic OIIUTION, at the3Mart, on Thursday, January247,a at 1, b orer f th Diectrs,inoe lo,(nlesvaeaceptabyleaT offe be pevioslyeard byprivte cntrct,)allthoe spaci;ousfREE- leseoldp7oreti Comperimdstessbtantialdethre-e-florwaehmousemo Bell- wharf-hil, andthe Shipnocpub alc-ouse -adjoiing Renta, 1 e and-ueu nu t el o aln tr,a amodrate retal.fo 1ay brecisewed, thescriptie parlith. s withU atndi planCS, ha ofmpsrs.iu Marten, Thom ars, and Rour-pos, solcior tother Comptady, Minbecint-laeddplace of sale;andyo wthed auc tihners 17,dCommecaital-od S.u eof rgwe'sest Tor etow mhsail Candthosal bed.roogi ppe nvdstendmt kdw an gnear ovredL ben siteo ocasiounce, tatd faie tables marble-to publfoicr Sie tabe, iatrg chimne Wednsesdao y6, Januar ear atlingforiartli-s aewured "CsMaoIpitaleraofumainingtables,1 threei leasehoed adwelln-ouses,cto,xt ls situt dn einboard1 4, bokases4g futnysrewb11vCptalBarusesbucarPosadin rugs, helder ste bapprchai.h inmes60 yearis,itamoer,ate ground oruent, ne itoemspectablew andrespndSabturnan ts. an biwd sevenoe hday prie toe salmie, and prite paticulars obtaied atcthoee,6 Drapes' Anas Uper Brsbrye-r InTon at hee Salmons BkandeBal, Cowet -gepen, atd othemTr' Ren Prnn, es Oldentroa;o ess of ftyreIdl-n, BPotter.an on,a soli,iors OTforsd-street.1,corn12rof Totdenhof-tourt-roadeor. thu esre th JTOKi TRAD LL is faHouMRed Wth impstciongsprin bys rckcrs washbutt,AUtONck, batd barroways, on ta Weding da, Januof arne at w2hbr1, fueclloe,quntbrty ofuityFro aHOLDcUp ro, pi trog-Rs~E wmith o threedanso workshes.v ind other rfear,situateand logesiwMbe rate-ardyfiv Ratsbeones;alet antetheforaso ther aucwhiche10 years ere uexpread atepniey. e at th snfsi o eto saodm uponutebprmies aunditur ind fairto ssurmoedta atrth expirtion Rfte.bv lEas aHmudS lage rEntwLL be rAlieUCTO ,anbe hiewe by laverofth tennt Iccstevesdays pirToM teVda ofes, Jandary 1ted plartiulas obained ouAns wthe gpremises; a rosawodcai's;ouch,P Birnd, -sqLoliercirptorsd, Lincoln's-cinnfils; and atnthe auctionern s officbes, ma,oCambforie-potbdsret, Connith Cornies, iroun, Frenitodre,b iane ditone wooltand Pairanofrtesseined walnut-woodi,jpne and vaiosEfecs stedsand bedding, s o drawers, mabe-o lwtatand, wand chensa, lbed hsnd hamo erhfufnitr hme lae,cres utis itrs ademeatcherequisites,e. On viewatinmrid ,adcatalogues hadath onos Othepemss a datterom - h autOrnemer.6,tson-gofect. LogLaeody o.1 n 4 Arfpotret orset-square, 5 GUIR H W IGShsreevd I s oruci to A SE R SyUT ttELMrtLo Thrsay JaTINur1, at therespecivetnants and prirtedbarticuarsa W d iat theuart;16of Mr. termo, ing,thefAn-cambnErstaNew-roead; and atiltheauctioneer' Tofice, 6. Lisson-grove, Marooyteboonno.a nitoe, j CotagPian, cpita dobl'eb solicGun,an netumemu Efectns. EhldFriuead fet.AsoueSl,b MESSS. REEHWKNS andSllw SESEbLLCTN bonUC ALthe Pre ateth n Rooms,as bv. A January 1, t I afo 12 peiey gany PaIsin orpst n te beSEO Dsteas, ith ecellenstnbedding mahogay wined an-othe -- drbe, apta-ces-o--a-ss dressing,'glasses, mahgn hsso rwr,laoD tables, brilliant. chimaney and pierglse, rsel n otircpets, mahoany sofa, two sets -of moahogany diigemchairs, easy and other chasrs,maho- gaytables, eheffoniers, prit and-'pasntbng eighnt-ddg dia". table lmp,easesofstuffd birds, barometers piate_ chns glss kitchen utensils, Re Onview,morningo 5f&,saeWImscataIO9ueamayIse_haduiat T6ThLAwLibalrysand OflioePunitmereofthe,tet~o John Colng, ae,~ Barrister-at-law, and Counsel for the University of Cambridge.. MRL HEODGSON wil SELL by- AUJCTION, ,at his nevir Eooms, the corner of Flebt-street eiad' Chancery-lane. Tomorrow 'Jan.15 -at half-pastlil (y order of! the Executrix,) thevTaluable Victoria, Sttte frmrtuao 1n 3 Chrt tol --th a lth Statutes- y'esyad evn vols.- -Rent's CummenLUes es Anierica a' oe n ag CoIGLohon of nuoder:aText13Books; as I.oaare ~ eracothe ousfLords,TrivyCouncil, theC-ouRts Of Chney'Rclur,Cmo leas, Nisi Puns, vrmcaCSmeAp,, ingocod-cesiin ae sflI=selnee ok and the libirary furfdlcoprngna'ckae,tibeait= talbles. maheganmy chairs,. .Turkey,a t eks e ohevee,and catalogueshad,. ~~~ ~~is favoured withinatrtictions from~ the- 'iVL'renrito;niaccontofaeceii'f beiycja- 'tfRL -~~~~Anint and Modems Pictures, PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, atbhiS Galle r New Bond-street. Tb-morrow".ISWw: atiprecinsly. a COLLECTI?6Nof ple&aln PICTURES,formedfromut6ancien an mnodem scisool of aft,-including examples by the follo 'mgnair- CarTacci Wourermana Kuyl nng Gababorough a Rubens Tasers erh HRolino Swsancveldt 'Vandevelde etcer J. 11l0on Canaletto legthers -Bratrwer I ir J. RBeyn6aLS Mdaybe viewedaonSaturdaysan&MoudVy recedintE sAle,,audcata4 Iwirues then had at 7sfr. Phinipes.s as abovo. 11ecorativeandModemParniture. Inlaid Cabinets aadTabfles3,Bronzesj Clock., China, Clame azd Effects. - PHILLIPS will SELL by AUCTION, atbig AR-et Itoms.New Bond-street, on Wednesday, 2Id instant, at i precisely, *ulpe orPYUREITIIDE, of modemn erttexrch er nclu1n suites ofr Ilthe dawng FandedW%ining roms Jewlegatinly a nes ehu uor.CS ad tfbes OT and bo sellandiesreutre ok x eavcapHts cotaeP Winfots SLLg chmny lUCTIeN, brnt rupadigurest doocks~e odsre, cane 8 W oclidnesdays. fdother nMinst 1;Lm elentalies plambed wuee, ancwlotding exesevera jewellenwrdy robtees, Arabran adFren bedstwteads,verbfictoptable, chkststs Aoc drawers taberviceslaoehinlaiad blass, and vsorionpsefbeot. May b 'vewd tesa riostthsa,ancataloguessthenihad. liAl Soertice ofPAncete and PlatdWae, Pictuems of J1Weltry,1ou Dre,snd easessafe Enooks, and isctlaie 1Ir,PHILLIPS willitredt SELL by AUCTIN f APJIN,athis great Rooms, New Bond-street, on Wedesday. te 1thnt isant1 preisl,a prcsmal,l SERLVCICE or sfu n P erURintsaedLby an seinaer frcelen plthed wevre,al ewolos of ancpensive,a otwelect ant bfjoutere. severablodresingcluesinitwosilver fittings,oinkhtands tn fEhancentalappendage, includeaidpboesmodeaorlmp,bo:-n prits 3and miselenirs.ayb viewdetrneera Brvouso hersle Jnd catanoguste brad.nog Vi ate A . Colleto ofAci ltt onadMdr itheestan Wated-olourem A fw peasng ratr-clogs bywEnglsh byrtgists. aies rms 'kf P e ieweLStuda isistntd to SELL byeviou B TROBEa hsRaT RoomsD ewMBod-sree, onhi Roesn,2 instnt,atiprec-el; aCOLECTO of-- PICTREw fortme,d bya amte. fromtes severan Ischolvet-of ancitent r and otberss.eec ROBERTEgls shol inclDin works byJ panyr ordigr of the 0.MrPattslnl Tesigletre r Pandernwherf Boehiere-od -mbt. oano Bhrdackejnborg 7,a Be forie 12 atic,TirR RA.N nomed thae etopha L Hlo, ndtHar,of t 5 and 2 tother May betviewed SatYrdayeand tonWdaypevious, oni3ofW. a Taonshis Dat ;-the rnFwh ntms and o th1. oert Efects. ret . MalbroghoteeghHI-DstJauayeet.a 1 cabiets chineyandrer lases, edetaliderboards sYaers.o lnn tablsTiONingt room andms la3 Fairs,ringdn-tedt andither booTursay wrtn tbe, Brussels an17 ercresFec and .Arabheinn bed. A- teeasWn, wit Iedingtoarroe, at3bndned mnfcharber, aurniturcina,t COLticsWc.O-diieiyroadatalogues my e .d "p . OBElate REDoulwacill SEL, Cbyiorer inof the Fambeth,on Thursdayl. Janury En a Iinfo in prcisel, &tH BacIes i Fonamed h Sopf hinwlousa, Mandls Harrnn,yr, of 4035 ad 5ton Vaenpctivennys Maymb finewe ond3--t Weneda andemrnin of-vr vle.h Ca teloegneaLnd roatethe war, Andre ofM.obr ed,4,Gea al borough-streetet.Cvet-asenTHS &% Jand 4 Fiay Januarty 1OREaNd 1L,AtpuCtuall eacvh, day, Gthea STOOrl in clths1) oftns Tdoe'kins, ofLCtirea-trimnt, Plasdigeo, doberaper and Driaser, and naogubesgmbyis ept n efcs On ic--AorMmgcHe. ihM ade Ue-itfittG wil EL byO AUG7. hisphoomtr Gooms 84,he [aby don-shtree, cinty, ondTusa FresOxintalo realigon stra bonnet manufactuer,ld amuntin (tgFurntreLie,Pate,kouleaton rp Cbne iaoorte _ 200ES ole, of Book, icosop, Enea n as, udo SO -i Janu SEL~, a therROmDLein-street, COmmercialrdead, cTh-nrs1&.*, Jaury15, at 12, wihu Reserve th wholeH of teiEgFEtS of, ths lateMiatsstForbes, Catalgue pmayb3Oenhadof the0 autiner 1noberIl lad-lae Coimees-rad dido93ea Brussgels,. Goipurn Vaecrwannesj, an ou~nislp (EERverlate,aeScarefs, hald&dis, Mates, deoT,200 ardseo rest Leet adBoatelolds tatie, &od,-tTr "p SSRS DUEBERAis ntrucStOe,b tihe SONeif ofl SElL,etsteir too, bfn-tet AU COventthdeAcon, oeiSDmj J"anwcl, 14,atI,cstly FOREIGN DACES,aUtrecrt.an2Geoaryepvets, silms, clths, satns LDoes attire, chimney glsss a doublen in theb Onziew.y-cre Druessing-cas, width Pasive &silver-it, Catting New0 orJ byic Storhead ortaber- 250s ttnglish undrGenea Wf atchrhnlag atndw finoresinglecstoe rilaneut RngblatRre, 60 dzencrusteayelPor deren Brandy, d Asolue an PESS TERBBEROADwiU STOEL bnd SONTIwll ART theL,a themL irthoomt ringstree, Covet-ade,Tomrrw JatI1 uyl5 at 11c, valualthuefuSClHAOUS,O inluin pate watches tabl tean mantel ofthSockn an cariage, chmeprclock abyut a, jewelles Art S 'hi Chronometers, Godeaths o by d Fwrs,oniam, Dent,aebnd smiers prior Orietaloguears on 10 egran) looste Emconerald and Poultry. MESSRS. DEB~FenchA an nlsTOh n SNw WYLSfith,oat thseirve Rooms, Ringsosgtre-tr oent-gardoex, ouTWeurada Ja,-anluary 17,a6, at IBBIsLLI BOCHo egt stnes, ant row ofASpeRarunse TeweS, 1i0 gobeldean sleran watches,1.s- oaeo= .xtoW SEL bACTO,AUCheuTiOXon thies;Si Wawzk-out rays-innov, THIS DA aur 14, at 1 for 12,peIs aEwLy-W,Nectdoues, 1,2,ind D =dine-sretBamdens New-town, and whichw and whbite btotan eqialqcag.Prticular may0 bebdad Ptite bautiondr ocutces, as abouve. an m oos Dne . 10,winlasifre withelloa-owsehonvl, furnurrv e,ntches fictures anD_ Atesilsute Sa e.,-LAbgLutoandunesredSae 1W SSRPETE BROOKS aind SELLaby reCTIvedi siLnth ractinsfromwtheIoutgaresev,to-morrow, anuary15,at3h55 ,vhih te woleolte Sockin rad, cmprsin abou 300S lbs corc tea, fve wt,ofrawandoasedoffes,spies prlyOwi4wd~rs coco,. ncther ofhe drawers, aniestmersnat it,scl. WEDRI. B HITEN WMl SELL by AUCTION,a wrontreseve, t 17, Baepsgte-sRc wthoulit, nednel,pr. Uneemd lde,GodS and SumberWless Pleante jesetles-aWCeX. sigumentolds frmPatres Tof svrialnhunred- pi=ecaes ofsupWerbcten Giui eeirerandchast designs forthe for theComingteay. but marbl chme-pcs aEBNdpards ofs greceiof pinstersctiandls ter'tooaen brushtrix Ond Dvisew dayier tnd N%mong of sh ale,_r LEREWAtoqv- wyACIll a SELhbyAUCIO, on the.uay= Prens C. mises as above THGrcIS DAY,Ja. 4 atMlr fOo~h. ree2,,2 of ellw ad witebaten looing &OOft qurteing nd,00 at w casead frameswith, sasthes nails1, ironmnery brushes,Lib-crl, St. scffldng lddrs ARrw,Truck old masterials, to. SayLb bw (fthe Satuda priorbl stand Eornino asl,nd POTIloGHOcah,dont.e rises anudenatbth autond offrces,r C ardnton-steet, g a sae, especta. 1bleSS, BOK and uctv ocenwh udeEAgoo haavemeneite cm ou iAttY -rrton from the Moreagee PatoiSulr byAUCrO aodtog oth Booms,l O t0h Picadily en Thusdy,rane, alIq,slct, th ESE, Ifres0 andfr-- rent of £10nper fandurniCofpasstiyctnshe itEs Hardes,Teho ho-usate ontan exoodhatI,1rom,anylrdroa bynd wine cobelas dCo h eat r refo ola ~ riw lIIESE. ELONWM l SELL by ACIN f ),tGsawy's o Turday Jnury7, t 2 or1, WOLESE Removed from Bearo-sren i'I is nooms , ,Caedonian-roasl, Ringe-crs. THS ~DA, at Guar?; a collection Of Modern and-well-made FtJNTR,ee.- prising sitting room appendages beds, bedding. aLnd bed chamuber no. -quiite,e,-'picture,M clina, andmniacellaneousaefes.Onview, anda rats,. goshdat the saeroom, Th tck i cherico Wine of 3Ir, 0Ci. TL hompson, sviumcreanb, -. a banlaupt, hIrSSRS. PLEWS and WA-LL are directed by the - 3pAsgest SEIL-bi AUMTON, atth at,T-leo, January10, about 200 damens of firet-ellass WINESi comprising Port, 'Ubny Iddera,Chmpane Clre, HckDiodle,Cons=atia -white Bugudy Parrtta, abut Make, all of erig uandity,annwe ie r PelRs,I,GEaT wincheStErset, cit-y, from TIencethey~ the=. deplvrem.Th,lne im a boeellra tast ledwath T-c osle k~The daat Adous, rt th LATHctES,r offibc, .A Polatciry. chlltest may bozg buelttn,SoWaTcheaso makr Jewelles, Pand laL other, .bediteads, beds, Mattrecss,. and bedding, chit of dMrawars, arW,e~toj~-
