DEATHS. On the 25th of NoTember. 185, at sea, on board the Aginoourt, Georginia Sarah, wife of Edward John Pashley, CommaLnder, and eldest. daughter of the late Thomas Baker Knott, of High-street, Deptferd, aged 29. On the 4th of December, 1855, at St. Kilda Melbourne, Australia William Augustus Mackwocth, Be.,. aged 29, secnd sonx of the late Herbert Mackworth, Esq. On the 16th of January, at Moulmein, Eleanor Sarab, wife of ames Findlay Feq., and third daughter of the late Sir Daniel £eyte andford, aged 26& On the 1Slt of January, at thei 3&4onary St,Itionu,Eofobpoe~, East Indies, aged 41, Charlotte Eizabeth. wife of the Rer-. J. G. LincEs, sanddauhterof thelateLewisBetts,Esq., of Calcutta. On the 12th inst., atnaugbourne, near Readin-, deeplyand sincerely lamented, Edward Slierwood. Rsn On the 11th lust.. atfHascomb. Elizabeth, wife of r. Henry Hrr formerlyof Tilford, Surrey, in her 67th year. On the l7th inst, at his residence. Ringsland-crescent, Kinglandoad. Mr. James Josiah Arnull, of the Stock Exchange, London, On the 19t inst., at 1, fliclrley-row, Rotherhithe. Surrey, Thomas Xingiam.Eiq., in the 71st yearf his ago, deeplyregretted byhis family and friends. On Good Friday. at Northdown House. near Pembroke, in perfect 2pce, llaria, the beloved wife of the ev. J. B. Bfers, vicar of _Tmphey. aged 6S. On the Zk inst., at 110. Cambridge-stree, Warwick-quarm, Belle Mary Ann, younger daughter of C. HL Hodgson, Raqn, aged 10 months, On the 22d inst.. at Nantes, in France. Peter de St. S.my, Req., Depaty Commimary-General, aged 85. R.LP. On the 2t inat, Hariet Attfield,at I5, Carlton-hUll, St. John's-wood. On the 2Zdinst at his residence, 3, Alfred-place, Brompton, Peter Tyer sq., deeply lamented. Oz Monday, the 24th inat Henry George, infant son of George B. Kerfera, Ez.e., New Brghton, Cheshire. On the 24th inst., at Ramrgate, Miss 3fethold. On the 24th inst., at Cambridge, Mr. James F'ranklin, of the firm of Franklin and Son, merchants, Fotton, Beds, aged 56. Onthe 24th inst.. atBlackheath. Sarah, relict of the Iate 3fr. fWl lian Sirdefleld, of Kfentish-town, aged 73. Onthe 24th inst. of bronchitis, Elizabeth, relict of the late Capt. Cubison, Bit,. deeply and deservedly lamented by her bereaved and sorrowing children and friends. On March 24. at Tanfleld Lodge, Horsham, Mary, thebeIoved wife of John Smith, Rnq., aged 29. On the 25th 3March, at Norton Court, the Hon. Mrs. Lushington, in the 76th yearof her age, the beloved wife of the Right Hen. s. B. Lushington- On the 25th inst., at Newbold Firs, Lamingon, Robert Charles Heurs only child of Robert William Dallas, Eaq., aged 4 years On the 25th inst., at Ho3rnsey, Benjamin Wilson Noble, Faq., of 15, TUpperBedford-place, aged 45. Onthe25thinst. aged53, Mr. Henry Bltndell, of Horney-road, and BedLion-street ClerkenwelL On tThe 25th inst., at Calverley-park, Timbridge-wells, Harriott, the wife of Johnt H. Biddles, Esq. On the25th inst., a&tBrightonu.Samnel,infantson of thelatewiliam HuIll of 'Uxbuidge, aged 13 mnonths. On the 25th inst., at 59, WTobumn-square,Luis Ann,relict of Charles Trancis, Rsq, of Lee-par. Blackbeath, ai an advanced age. On the 25th inst,_ at Croydon, Surrey, WiULiam Henry Riance, the belovede ildof WAlbert James. Esq., aged 2 years and 5 weeks. On the 2Sth inst., at Woodmansterne Rectory, Surrey, Eleanor, the beloved wif-e of the Res. Charles S. Crawford, D.D. On the 25th inst., at his residence. I, Montagu-place, Islington, Frederick Barnett. MD., son of Henry EBamett, ans., late of Colley, Here ford-shire. On Tuesday, the 25th inst., sabella Anne Gold, the beloved wife of Mfr. J. W. Taylor, of Si, Theobald's-road. On Easter Tuesday', in the Abbey, Carlisle, Catharine Anna, eldest child of the Very Rev. Archibald Campbell Tait,- Dean of Carlisle, aged 10 years and 12 days, the fourth siter cut off byscarlet fever On Tuesday. the 25th inst., of consumption, at No. 2, Grafton-square, Clapham, Rebecca. the eldest daughter of Richard Churchward, Esq., ef Manor-et, Clapham, andSt. Thomaes, Southmarkc On the 25th int., at his residence, Coburg-road. Old Kent-road, after ive weekes' iDness, Mr. Alexander Dalziel, aged 41, many years with 3fess. Castle, Jones, and Co., Love-lane, city. On the 25thinst., in the l1th yer of his age, at Gower House, Ealing. Middlesex. Jonathan Alexander Nunn, fourth sriigsno h late J. A. Nunn, Faq., of the same place. ingsnoth On the 25th inst., at his residence, Great Hermitage-street, after a few days' illness, Mr. Thomas Petley, ia the 66th year of his age, most deservedly esteemed and respected. On Tuesday, the 25th inst., at her residence. Portland-place, Hythfe, Kent. Rebecca, wife of Mr. Edw. Purdy, eldest beloved and ituly lamentd daunhterof Mtr. and Mrs. Smith. of2, South-place, Kenning- On the 26th inst., at No. M, Jermyn-street, St. James's, Mr. Anton, aged 66. On the 26th inst., at Vauxball, after a most distressing ilUness of aeveralyears, Mr. Edward FishwickWillion, of the Stock Exchange, and formerly of VLoyd's.
MONBY-MABRKEBTan GITYINTBELLIGENCE?. WedWesday Evening. The Englis fdas opened rather heavily this morning, and there was - subsequently increased flatnems; but a recovery took placeebeforo the termination of buasiness. Consols for, money, which left off yesterday at 92%, were first quoted 92J to i, whence, in oonsequence of a few. sales, they deelinied to 92k. A reaction then took plice,-and the final t-ransctions were at 92. to. for money and 92i to -1 for the 10th of April. he delay in the announcement of peace, while the .armistice is to expire on Monday next, still operated to create a tendency to dulness. Consol Scrip left off at 2i to i premium; India-bonds, 1Os. to 6s. discount; Exchequer-bonds, 98k to #; and Exchequer-bills (March), 2sX to 4s. premium; (June), par. Foreign wec'rities exhibited little alteration, prices, on the average, having been fairly supported. In Turkish Six per Cents. transactions for the account took place at WI, j, and J.JThe Four perCent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated at 100k for money, and IO*, A, and I for the account. The other operations comprised-Ecuador, 5&; the New Consolidated, 14k; Provisional Land Warrant, 4-; Pernvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 78k, 78, 78j, and i ex. div.; the Three per Cents., for account, 57 and 5Ck; Sardinian Five per Cents., for account, 94k, 94, 94k, 94, and 94; Spanish Three per Cents., for account, the New eferred, for account, 244-; Passive, 7* and i, Spanish Certificates, 5ji per cent..; and YenezuelaDeferred, 12g. The final prices of the Fench Three per Cents. on the Paris. Bourse this evening were 72f. 40c. for money and 72f. 55c. for the account, showing a further slight decline. The corn-market this morning was wUihout alteration. A further amount of Australian gold is understood to have been taken to the Bank to-day. Small parcels of coin also continue to arrive from Paris; but a considerable part of the Australian gold by the Emma was purchased to-day for transmission thither. The advices by the Lisbon mail yeterday regarding the progress of the- Ministerial arrangements for placing the foreign debt of Porhugal on an improved footing are favourable, since no material opposition appears to be offered to it, such complaints as are made being rather that too little is proposed, instead of too much. In a long article on the subject inthe Lisbon JoernuaIof Commerce, while the intention to issue a deferred stock for the deductions improperly made from the dividends since December, 1852, is strongly approved, it is argued that the tone of the Minister would'have been more creditable if, instead of stating the measure to be necessary in order to get Portuguese securities quotedontheLondonStock-Exchange,he hadbrought it 'forward simply as a reparation for an injury. With regard to the extra 1 per cent. proposed to be paid to the bondholders out of the future profits of railways or any surxplus from the revenue, and for which certificates are to be given, it is asserted that thenation will cordiallyassent to such aprovision, but that it has the fault of not being definite. The condition is that the bondholders are to-receive ip to 1 per cent. They will accordinglyhave a right to claim i, -1, x, or any fractional sum the revenue may afford. This, it is urged, will be inconvenient. It is likewise pointed out that, as the payment is to bo derived from excess of revenue, there will alwvays be a danger on the one hand of the Minister being tempted to prevent any such excess by increasing his expenses, and, on the other, of constant reclamations from the bondholders, even, perhaps, when the finances arereally being administered with honesty, that sufficient economy is not exercised; Another point of complaint is that the certificates for this extra 1 per cent. will be in the shape of bonds prospectively entitled to that rate of interest, and that thus the foreign debt of the country as regards the amount of principal will be doubled. In relation to the engagement to give the preference in any future loan to Messrs. Thornton, Fould, and Devaux, a similar charge of indefiniteness is preferred, and it is asked how long is this preference to exist ? On the whole, it seems that the feelig of the people and the press is more broad and honourable than that of the Govern7ment, and that a more liberal and business-like measure would have founld greater popularity. The scheme has still to be discuissed in the Legislature; but, as it has passed through a committee of the Chamber of Deputies by a vote of 11. against 3, a large majority is considered certain in that body, while in the Chamber of Peers it is also said to be safe, although the Government are less strong there than in the Lower House. At the annual meeting of the British American Land Company, held to-day, Mr. J . uninmini presiding, the dividend declared was at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum, and the report and accounts were unanimoulsly adopted. Although the harvest in Lower Canada in 1854 was nearly a failure, the progress of affairs is considered satisfactory. With regard to the future development of the property the advices are generally favourable. Subjoined is an abs-tract of the report - "The directors submit their annual reporb upon the affairs of the company during the past year. Of unimproved landsl7,263acres have been sold for 11,5051., Halifax currency, averaging 13s. 4d. per acre. This amount does not include 3,000 acres, the balance of 10,000 acres, the whole of which, were selected by the mining association from Class A, of the company's'lands, and which, together with about 1,200 acres purchased from private individuals, make a total of 11,200 acres belonging to that association, one inoiety of which represents the investment of this corporation in that adventure. These lands are held for. account of the mining association.. The sales of Sherbrooke town lots durin fthe year have been seven acres for 5201.i Halifax CUrreDCy. The cancelled 'ales have been 4,792i acres, amounting-to 3,1891.; the re-sales of these lands during the year amount to 2,4191.; leaving the cost of land reverted to the company, Hlalifax curency, 7681. " The income has'been derived from-the following sources -vir.: Instalmenta received on land sold and on mortgages £. - a. d. aud interet. 7,696 6 Eor timber . .1,295 611 ents. . 71 6 9 Intercit on Grand Trxnk Rairoad sbares received in Lndon. 1,370 0 0 M;nig Association-balance of the cost of 10,000 acres. with premium of exchang..,96611 4 Of wblcb, bills on hand,accounts, &c., yet to be collectd, £41 15 6 amountto 2..29 53 £ii.57 10 3 Or, rendered into sterling .. .. ;12,435 15 3 "The sum expended on management and incidental charges amounts in Canada to 4,5871., Halifax currencyor, in sterling, to 4,1281. Owing to various circumstances, this item of account has been much larger than usual in the commussioner's and accountants' department; but'a-considerable reduction will take place this -year. In London the amount has been 1,2911. sterlin. In the report of last year there was shown to have been invested in works of permanent imProvement sinco 1851, deducting the amount capitalizre in 153, in sterling, 11,9221.; or, adding premium of exchange at 9. per cent., th9n deductei ... ... ... ... .p. c13,0t4h13 0 To which is to be added, in like expenditure during the past year, sterling ... £2,874 16 9 Andin loans under mortgage, .c. ... ... ... ... 1,437 411 £4,312 1 8 £17,366 14 8 "To replace in part, therefore, the above sum, in conformity :with the resolution of the last annual court of proprietors, the directors have issued debentures, payable an ten years, hearing interest at S per cez;t. at par, for 14,0001. The whole affairs of the company are now, for the first time, comprised il one general account, and closed in the hooks of the London office, and in Canada, to the 31st December last. In order to effect thisthe Canada accounts have been rendered into sterling, and introduced into the London books, which are thus made to represent the exact position of the company's affairs. In compiring the foregoing with the statements in the report of the preceding year a falling off will be observed in the operations of the company, and the directors now proceed to remark upon them, so that the proprietors may understand the true position of affairs, believing that with the followin explnations they will agree with the directors that, alttough at first sight there may est some grounds for supposing that the career of prosperity vhich has characterized their operations for the last two or three years has been checked, yet a careful consideration of the whole, eircumstances will completely re-assure them on this point, and prove that, although subject, like all other enterprises, to fluctuation, yet they have a true and firm basis of prosperity, which an almost unprecedented stagnation of all tTe ordinary operations of business and an extremely great prsssure on the money-market have not in the slighest degree shaken. It will probably be within the knowledge' of not a few of the proprietors that the harvest of 1854 was, as respects Lower Canada, almost a failure. At the same time, Upper Canada and the Western States of the American Union were blessed with an abundance. The directors might have been prepared, therefore, to find that, owing to these circumstainces, the sales of land would have; decreased; but, on the contrary, there have been sold within the year the lazge cuantity of 17,263 acres to settlers. With regard to the receipts, also, the directors would remark that, notwithstanding the effects of the above-stated failure of harvest and the consequent demand for money. among theopoorer settlers during the winter, sprip", and early summer of 1855, the collections amounted to ,627.,' Ealifa. currency, which (if the sale of the machine shop to the Grand Trunk Railway Comnpany and the payment of the insurance on the cotton factory, amounting toether to %547.. Halifax currency, included in the reCeip)s of 1854, be excluded) comes within 1,. of the mob proaperous year, which difference is again consider ly reduc,j if the amounts sd down on the Lands soldi 1854 for lumberzing perpsedtoe deducted. The directors, having fully coriJ£der;d the present state of the company's-affairs; recommendda diidend attherate of 5 per cent. on the paid-up capital payable, one-balf on the 10th of April, and one-hilf on the 10th of October next." - At a meeting held at Paris on the 15th inst. of the SociUt6 General des Clipper FranVais a- resolution was adopted to inerease -the capital- from 400,0001. to 800,000., in consequence of -the purchase recently effiected in England of eight of the steamers of the General Screw Company for 500,0001. At the same time M. a. w. Gra unam was appointed g&raFt, in the place of -AL. B6raud. Villars, and certain modifications in the statutes were agreed to. - A meeting of the Chartered Bank of Asia took place to-day, Mr. T. W. Henderson in the chair, when the following report was received as satisfactory : " Since the Lst eport the directors have been in constant communication wit}t Her Maiest's. Government respecting that clause in the charter of -the bank which was tbought bythe conmitteeof -the Mjeantile:Bank of India, London, and China to present some impediment to a complete amalgaination with this bank. The directors have now to acquaint the shareliolders of the Bank of Asia that after much discussion they on the 21st of January last succeeded in obtaining a communication from the Lords of the Treasury which removes all further difficulty, and which is also deemed satisfactory by the XercantileRBalc Since the receipt of this communication, the board have been oc. cupled in discussing with the Mercantile Bank the manner in w~hich the complete aialgamation of the capital of the two banks can be most satisfactorily effected. Each share of the Meicantile Baik represents a capital of 251., with 201. paid thereon, while a share in the Bank of Asia repre. seats the same amount of capital (251.), but with only 5t. paid; and it was determined that the first step towArds the amalgamation must be the perfect ssimilation of the shares in each bank respectively. The most satisfactory mode of aceomplishinr this oiect, and which thejboard recommend the shareolders to adopt, is to convert at once every four of the present shares of the Bank of Asia, with 51. paid, into one share of 201. fully paid up, and thus place -the shares of the two banks on an equal footing. The directors have accordingly concluded an irrangement to this effect with'the Mercantile Bank, in conformit7 with the plan already submitted to the general meetig of 23d of February, 1855. The directors believe that it will entirely meet the convenience and approval of the shareholders; but, in order to provide for the case of any proprietor who may not accept the proposed conversion, tho board recommend that an immediate call of 151. be made on any such shares, so that every share in the Bnk of Asia shall be raised forthwithto20i1 paid. Incarrying out this plan the directors pro~pose to offer to such pro rioters, the number of whose shares may not be dhvrsibo by four without a fractional remainder, the option either of subscribing at par for such an additional amount of stock as will render their shares exactly divisible by four, or of surrendering atpar such amountof their present stock aswill be necessary to admit of a division of the remainder byfour. Acting under the opinion of counsel, and also in accordance with the resolutions formerly passed by the proprietors of the Mercantile Bank in contemplation of thisamalgamation, it has been deemed advisable, on behalf of both institutions, to apply jointly to Government for a substituted charter, which, without interference with the favourable terms of the present charter, shall contain provisions for the amalgamation of the two banks, the union of their respective capital, and generally for carrying into full effect the objects contemplated by the joint association. The directors have pleasure in stating to the _hareholders that during the progress of these difficult aud protracted negotiations they have on all occasions received the most cordial assistance and co-operation from the Mercautile Bank. They also desire to add that they continue to entertain, as they always have done, the most sanguine expectations of the result of the amalgamation, when. carnied into full effect. In conclusion, the board,after making the necessary deduchion for current, expenses, are enabled to declare a half-yearly payment to the shareholders, in the shape of interest, of 2-. 6d. per share, bein' at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum upon the amount of it-e deposits." The prospectus has been issued of a Sunken Vesrsels PRecovery Company, with a capital of 60,0001. in 101. shares, to carrg out a pateit of Captain Stephen Smith. The average annial number of wrecks on the coasts of the united kingdom exceeds 500, and the amount of property lost is so large as to create a wish for the success of any enterprise that may promise to lessen the evil. A correspondent writing on the subject of the steamers sent out to assist the homeward bound vessels remarks " The steamers sent out are in the line of Scilly, but the homeward-bound-ships are supposed to be in about 9 or 10 west longitude, some of theta not expecting to rnake a mile until the wind changes. It is stated that one vessel was spoken by the We}lesley which had not made any progress during 14 days. Under these circumstances the steamers, to be of real service, should go out a greater distance." The following dividends have been advertised for paymentlt-Turkish Six- per Cents., Boston City Sterling Four-and-a-Half per Cents., Canada Si'x per, Cent. Debentures, and Montreal- Six per Cent. Debentures. The Bavke s'Magazint furnishes the. returns of circulation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales forthe four weeks endingthe 16th. of February, 1856, and gives the following as the average veekly circulation of those banks during the astmonth-viz. :- Private banks-... ... ... ... ... £3.798,546 Joint-stock banks -2,980,604 Averame weeldy circulation ... £6,779,150 On comparing the above with the returns for the precedini moth, ending the 19th of January last, it shows- - A decrease in the circulation of the private banks of ... £114,708 A decrease in thecirculationof thejoint- stock banks of ... ... ... ... 100,269 Decreaso on the -aonth ... ... 214.97 A.nd as compared with the return for the corresponding period of last year-viz., February 17, 1855, it shows- A decrease in the circulation of the private bank-s of ... £14,239 A decrease in the circulation, of the joint-' stock banks of3 ... ... .25, Decrease on the year ... £4... 40,069 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fied issues,the following appears to be the comparative state of the circulation The privatehanks arebelow their fixedssues £;772,385 Doe joint-stock banks are belowr their fixed issues-... ... ... ... ... ... 336,539 Total below their fixed issue ... £1,107,924
STATE OF TA. NOTTING A M, WEDNESDAY. This week, in consequence of the Easter holydays, there hae not bcen so much doing at the warehouses. Nevertheless, the lace trade is in a very healthy state; the cold weather, however, contin g, operates. against the demand, which would manifest itself were the season mnore geniaL The prices for plain nets are very high. In the hosiery departiment the holydays have also.impeded business to some extent. Trade is more ouiet * -still, there is a good amount of business doing, and cheering prospects for the fall, a fair number of orders having een placed. On the whole, the hosiery business isin a very sat awory etate, and the operatives are vwell employed.
RAILWAY AND MfAYING SHAE4S. 'Wednesday Eveiilng. The railway-market wraa; ifeaj,iiWit a nioderate amount of busines. Towards the close, in some cases, there was a Blight tendency *t heavines.- Australian land and banking shares were not extensively dealt in; but quotations, on the average, were supported. Transactions took place in Canada Land at 140 and 141, and they left off 140 to 145. Bank of Egypt shares closed j to 1 pm.; Ottoman Bank, 4 to l pm.; Western Bank, S3 to discountLondon and Paris, 3 to 2 discount; and National Discount Company, i to i diount.- There were several operations in London aad County Bank shares, at prices ranging from 33 to 32. Ax increased business was noticeable in mining shares.
BRMLWA Y. INTELLIGENCE. sr A1T)RW?'R .TITrnrrnN- The report of the directors of this comprmy states that th receipts on capital account to the 31st of January last amounted. to 25,5501., and the expenditure to 25,415!. leaving a balance of 136Z. The receipts for the half-year tuding as zabove on revenue account amounted to 1,7721., ndthe expenditure to 496L., leaving a bdlance of 1,277i. 4411. dividend to shareholdlers at 41 e et e nu -thatof tis sa is Peruth, 90.fo pnereson deenure, 6541. to the Edinburgh, Berth, and D Kudee Raway Company for working the line, and 2Z. for compensation, [eavingabalance of 2001. after meeting all engagements. This surplus, according to the agreement, is divided betwveen the proprietors of this company and the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Railway Company. The 1001. surplus added I to the balance from former half-year of 651. makes 165Z., wahich is placed to the credit of a sinking fund. The I directors feel convinced that the traffic has not yet been fully developed, and that a large increase may still be looled for. The work^s on the line 6e-been-carefully examined and are reported to be in- a good state. The directors recommend that a dividend at the rate of 4, per cent. per annum, free of income-tax, be paid to the shareholders. JEDBIJERGH. Itappears that the wrorks on this line are progressig satisfactorily between isbet and Roxburgh, and also-on other parts of the line, and that there is every probability of its being ready for trafflc by the month of August next. FORTH AlN]D CLYDE. This line has been recently opened as far as Bckldyvie for goods and mineral traffic, and it appears that the result bas been satisfactory. LIMERICK AND YOYNES. It is stated that the works on this line will be completed to the Iatlkeale station by May next, and when completed to that point it is intended to oDen the line for traffic. The directors have recently been authorized to borrow 43,000Z. in accordance with the provisions of the act of Parliament. TOU1RNAY TO JUXBISE AND LANIDEN TO HAS- SELT. The traffic receipts on this line for the year ending the 31st of December last amounted to 551,041f. (22,0411.) The receints in the year 1854 amounted to 503,598f. (20,144F.); in 18b3 to 467,406f. (18,696!.); in 1S52 to 424,031f. (16,960!.; in 1851 to 402,976f. (16,U8!i.; and in 1850 to S8,155f. he dividends were respectively 1s. 2d., 1'3s. 9jd. 12s2d.,Uls. Sad., and ]ls. la. per share.
THE CORN TP4DE. : CORX-EXOINGh W)ziDsA. M&2WH 2 The anivals have increase?i eapeially of fo-eigo grain; butthetThde has not greatly varied. There is still dulnees, at previous quotation; anudthe onerationshavebeen liUmitd. DlTBLTh, LAUtH 25. Wehadadullaud dopremed marl:etatourCorn-Exebange to-day. Wheat was1:<to Is. 6C, asnd barley 6d. to Is. ebeaper than on lat Tuesday. The best sample3 of farmers'oats xu'pported their prIoS, but other deicriptious were very difficult of sale thonbh resseist a yeduction of 6d. Indian com scarcely saleable, oven at a deina of Is. to
2HE 2IGHEAND2RSD OF THE WEST HIGEfI ANDS AND HEBRIDES. I-TO Te TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. ir,-Permit me dur this lull in TarliamentiNr .ffui- to invitathe attention of all who sympathize ith the destitute and oppressed to a gross anomaly in our social po.ty. The bsis on.which that fabric is sid to stand iJ that oWieno man may commit crime with impunity, no person ahati Jbe driven to ita erpetration by sheer dextitxtion; and an eminent os judge-one of the most tautioaa -among the cautions- enunciated the great truth that "the right to live is paramount to-all other ights." xy, object in addressing you, Sir, is _to prove t'hat the de! tute population oftho remote mighlands and Rebrides, who, by their geographical position and depressed state are quite powerless to help themselves, are depned of the fundamental rig*'t appertaining tothe members of a State, to which, as you have ably siLown, until driven froit the homes or down-trodden by oppresiono, and neglect, e did good service. Sine the great failura of the potato, in 1848, the poor croft;ers and cotters have endured ten years of extrene want, in which,-with slight exceptions, they have become more andi more destitute of means and of hope. Through the efforts of M£r. :E Ellice, jun, Y-P., whose occasional residenoe in the West Highlands rendered him cognizant of the gevous destitution of the poor in those parts, inquinesg ave been instituted,.and by a few extracts from a recent Parliamentary paper, printed on the motion of Mr. IDunlop, it will be seen that the distress of the West Eighland poor has been understated rather thadexmggerated by their benevolent friends in your columns. By the law.of Scotland no person, however de,tute of the necessaries of life, is entitled to parochial relief while - ablebodied. The destitutemust be disbled by disease or exhaustion before tne famine-stricken victims of a barbarouw legiLation are entitled to relief, when they hae peyhaPs totravelI910,20, 30, or 40 miles, often' intercepted by mnouatais and by iloods, to the residence of a Poor Lawinspector. and claim parochial re'ief, till nourishment and sheltershall agam have rendered them ahlebodied, when, by the "feelosophy" of the Scottish Poor law, however destitute-of means or ef work, theirclaim to relief ceases. If thev have to appeal they have in some iustances to travl 20D mile, so that the law intlae,hgenuis a-nonentity. 'Xhe Paflia;mentary p fer refe todoesj not discuss such clamant neglect of the depressed but loyal and peaceful ablebodied poor, more desttate than ever the Irish were, who had a claim upon paochial support, butis occupied in proving the inadequacy of the relie granted to those enviable persons in the west Highlunds who, having some infinnity or almeat, and therefore being n ot ableboodied, were entitled to, parochl support. A case is mentioned where a mman, named Angus M`Ydnnon, a parishioner in Xnoydaxt, on bein compulsorily placed by the Sheriff on the poor-roll,,vras granted 6id. Per week; the authorities defeated the - humanity of the legal functionar, by reducing the allow.- ance formerly made tottheman's disabled wife from Is. to vd. er week, thus splitting the difference, but leaving the'- Aga, "the whole support in winter allowed to 2S disabled paupers, chiefly women, whose ages, varying from 50 to 100, averaged more than 73 years, did not amount to ls. each per week; that according to the police reports they had existed scantily on potatoes already affected by disease, on seaweed, and sheIh; and that some of the allowances did not exceed one farting per day." It is not, therefore, surprising to learn that one woman was found to haTe died through neglect, and one man to have been driven mad through want and cruel exposr These are but the striking features of the system of neglect and pasive extermination pursued in parts of the West Highlands; want and exposure sap the constitution, and a hospitable and loyal. population is qickly removed by the hand of de th, who might, by inteligent and humane management, have become their own supporters and the -promoters of a landlord's wealth, as well as the honour of the Monarch, which Holy writ assures us consists in " the multitude of people." "If the Queen sends here by and by for soldiers, she will only find sheep to fight her battles, for they are putting away all the people," was the remark of a grayhaired vete- - ran whom I met in a winter pedestrian itinerary through Glenelg in 1852, for the purpose of giving industrial: employment to the poor, and while standing in sight of a number of roofless dwellings, once the homes of a contented, though poor population. Two years have suf-: ficed to bring a fu l ent of the Highlander's prophecy;and you had to remark that the West Highlands had ceased to be, as it once was, a good field for enlistng. Though Sir Archibald Alison points to Edinburgh and Glasgow as containing the human material of war, transferred from the Highlands, no one 'acquainted with the. Saltmarket and thel Cowgate will admit that either the 2kyseique or the moralc of ruch recruits can compare withthose from a Highland villageowhere competency exists, and" the strring memoryof a thousand years" is engraved in the hearts and minds of a naturallymartial peoPle. YoU. wereperfectlyright in asserting that straths havebeen depopulated, and, although the ereans of Modern Athens mayshow bystatistics that the gross population of the Highland counties is as great or greater than formerly, I know from personal investigation that Inverness, Oban, and other towns ae deluged and oppressed with poor families and their dependents, who have been driven from the HEghlands and have taken refuge where there are ears and hearts to which they can appeaL An adequate population in the Highlands is an object that should be sought for by the patriot, for, if our legislators are malkng peace with Russia, after such an expenditure of blood and treasure, in repressing her aggression eastward, without barring her by treaty from a farther extension westward, the recentAngloGallic treaty with Sweden would be futile, as, i I understand the settlement of 1848 rightly, the Emperor of Russa will ultimatelysucceedtotheCrownofDenmarr llussiawil then be opposite neighbour to Britain, and it will become more than ever necessary to have men in the Highlands, and not sheep only, to defend our Queen and country, and to drive back againL any invason of the peace and liberties of Europe. To developemeans vherebythe Highlanders3may become self-supporting is, and has been, the great obj ect of this society, andI am prepared to show that wherever the work has oeen properly begun and continaed the result has fully answered the most sanguine expectations, and the e3ected Highlander by his labour has attained' self-supp:rt and competence. The country has squandered millions to: find a north-western paage, bywich, if found, no merchant would ever be insane enough to send an argosy; she. has never devoted a thousand to the great wfork of institus ting means for beneficialy retainig the Highlanderm as a self-sporting population in their native straths. " It will be a shame to England, and it will be a greater shame to Scotland, if they allow one of the Highlanders to perish" were the last words of Dr. Chalmers to me as ne gave a pating grasp of the hand two or three days before his death; the poor HighLanders have perished through want and neglect; they are nowr honelesslysinkingunder these evils. If the Government will not insist that this moral and loyal people shall enjoy the right and the ability to live, wil the reflecting and the benevolent in society enable the institution I 'have the honour to represent to carry out in practice the principles and means for the amelioration of the. Highlands which it was instituted to discover and to promulgate? Withits very limited means it has already taken a step in advance of the objects of its organization-viz., the indusrial relief of poor women ; and its directors are asoured that it has been the means, not only of alleviating the pressre of want and misery, but of actually saving life. A great field of labour lays before it, means only are wanting, and I assert, after 20 years' devotion to the study of the great problem of our age-the remunerative employment of labour-that by perfectly_practicable and eco. nomrinT means the laud generally, and the Highlands par. ticularly, could support five times their present population in coinfort. I have the honour to be, Sir, your most obedient servant, UH A KJLES BUN7D. IPSe.rpAv Royal Pariotic aa(I LIndustral Society of Scotld, - - 196, Piccadilly, M,arch 25.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The Indian postage, vid Marseilles, is now reduced to Uld., but the stamps re ,uired-viz., one 6d., one 4d., and one ld-deduct not a little from the quarter ounce allowed for that sumn, to say nothing of the space they occupy. Will you be so good as to call the attention of the )?ost-office antoGrities to the advantage of issuing lld. stamps ? and you Ull oblize A bUUIWIYS (OTBYER, Oxford, March 25.
BRIsTOL SUGAR-ARZT, March 2G.-Businiess was resumed to-day, after the Easter holydays, but there have been no transactions callingfor any report, and prices remain stationary. Rum is also dulL SuiCIDR AND MuRDER Z PARmS.-A dreadftil crisne bI just thrown the commune of Grenelle, ner ParP, into the utmost agitation. A hairdresser nAmed Boulan occupied for some time past a shop ia the rue du Baut Transit, 10, and appeared to do much busine6s. He had with him three illegitimsate children, two girls, aged repqeo tiveivmine and seven, anD a boa y of tro years, aU re3xark able for their beauty and intelligence. The mother of the children had some moxths back quitted Boulan, after a ouarrelwhich had arisenbetween them. Yesterdamornihg the neighbounrs were surprised to find the shop still closed at 9 @clock, aud information of the cirmaistance being given to the conmissary of poliece he ordered -tha door to be forced open. A dreadful spectacle thia presented itself to the view of the persons who entered, being nothing less than four dead bodies hanging from larr nails in the wall-those of the three children and of tho father himself. On the table was a piece of paper containin&these words:"I have voluntarily put an end to myself and to my thre% children.Y The bodies were at oncoe cut down and medical aid called in, but every effort to restoze animation waa iu vain, death having taken place sevezsi hours before. Tha cause of this dreadful crimue is unltw-n, but the prwasmnption is that Boulan must have bean seized *itl, xqjentatn aberration.- Gali inani. I[Advertisement.]-" Inside Sethstop6V--Adopt1ng tle dsoriptlon of the Redan given in "InsdoeSebastopol." aaws ewlanation of an erraNing, the "I samtedLondon Sevie or tMarch15 says. " Tr following details aza trom the work reeiZtV published uuider the title of * Inside lebotoowhlch has becenmw palmar frorn 'the graphic ninuteuess with vlfhisl it describes the engncrinZg vorki.` iThu new hs3a of "Inside %ebastopol" contains the authoes dofeuce of his account of tito attai V.Dlpk tl 1w s A:Ii1I &a 3UaWv to swav fooisi qr4M&L . I
LONDON, THUBSDAY, MARCH 27, 185. The "loving cup" at the Mansion-house seems tv have possessed some of the transforming properties of the magic drink in Comuts. Mr. GLADSTONE, at least, on Monday night owned the soft enchantment, if, indeed, his conwversion does not date from an earlier period. The event proves the man.. We are now able to judge what our position would have been had we followed the soft alluring counsels of those who whispered in our ears, " Peace! " Peace 1" when there was no peace. There were certain statesmen, unless our memory betrays us, who would have had us lay down our arms when the battle was half lost, rather than half wonwho would have enticed us into an ignominious retreat, and to a compromise with disgrace. It is not with the idea of seeking a personal triumph that we note the fact of Mr. GrADsTosN's recantation. To this praise he is at least entitled, -when ho found himself mistaken he had the candour to acknowledge his error, and to bear honourable testimony to the success of those endeavours which in their progress he had hampered as far as in him lay. The encomiums, however, which we give to his candour we must deny to his discernment. He has shown himself deficient in that intelligence which entitles its possessor to direct the destinies of nations. Quick in idea, eloquent of tongue, with a mind cultivated almost to effeminacy, M. GLADsro.x, with all his abilities, has mistaken the path of safety when there arose a question of vital import to the destinies of England and of the civilized world. When we single out the name of 3Ir. GrADsroN for especial remark we include in the same category the names of all those faltering politicians who acted with him-of all those noblemen and gentlemen who had won so large a share of Parliamentary fame, and who yet were found wanting when an event occurred which involved their coLuntry's standing amid thne comity of nations. Where should we now have been had we listened to their counsels? Russia, it was said, was carrying on a just and a moral war. The Western Powers had leagued together for an evil purpose, and the vengeance of HAV.vmN would overtake them. Our feet were swift to shed blood. Even if temporary success should crown -our arms, the guilt of all the innocent lives sacrificed to our ambition would be upon us and our children. If we had no pity for the devoted servants of the Russian throne, had we none for the gallant warriors of France and England, whom we caUled upon to sacrifice their lives in very wantonness to our lust of useless dominion? But granting, although this was a hard concession, that the war had been thrust upon us by the force of circumstances, occasions, we were told, arose when we might have brought it to a safe, to a speedy, to an honourable conclusion. Again and again the Russian CzAn offered us terms which we were bound by every impulse of humanity, by every suggestion of justice, to accept. No! the unholy thirst for carnage had so increased with its gratification that we had got to love war for its own sake. We were not only inhuman aid unjust, but blind and deaf to our ow.n interests. The terms offered by the Russians were not only more than we had a right to expect, but actually more than we asked. These terms we refused through prejudice-for a piunctilio-for a whim. We appeal to the memory of all persons who have followed with any attention the discussions in the House of Commons if this statement implies any exaggeration of the arguments used and the adjurations addressed to that assembly by Mr. GLADsToxN and his friends during the progress of the war? Of the BRIGHTs, and ConDEws, and GDSSOXs, and of - the other professional peacemongers, we speak not; as statesmen, and as future directors of the Liberal party in this country, they are judged. MIen, however, of the stamp of Mr. GLADSTONE and his immediate supporters and political friends are not obnoxious to the charge of frenzy, of fanaticism, or of folly. They are men whose career is a serious one; they aspire to a high place in the councils of their country. How shall w.e trust them when they cannot trust themselves? At the Mansion-house on Monday evening their leader read his recantation in a manner the most satisfactory and complete. The dirge is now turned into a hymn of joy, the despondency into triumph, the solemn warnings into heartfelt congratulations. Here is the manner iD which Mr. GLADSTosx now describes that war against which he had so often and so eloquently perorated in the House of Commons. After telling us that, in humble dependence on the Great DisPoSER of all EVENTs, we might consider peace as substantially obtained, he goes on to say, -" If that be so, I do not think I go beyond "what the truth of the case will justify when I - now trust is ha-n,- " conspicuous in history for the puinty of the "' motives from which it originated, for the fidelity "and honour of the great alliances by which "it has been carried on, and, I will venture "also to add, for the rapidity with which the poli"tical and moraI objects in view have been "achieved."' It is Mr. GLADSTONE who said this. Certainly the right hon. gentlemalt must either suppose us to have lost our memories, or he must have lost his own. If this be not so, we cannot otherwise account for the recent enthusiasm of the former Minister than by supposing that, as he had astonished his fellow-subjects by the greatness of his error, he is now resolved to astonish them by the greatness of his recantation. M1r. GIADSTO-E hesitated before action;-when action came, his nerve gave way;-when men of stouter resolution than himself clinched their teeth, and were silent, Mr. GLADSTONE was passing among us to and fro, disturbing us with his lamentations and his forebodings of evil result. The result has come, and it is not evil, but good. Who so ready now as the CASSANDRA of the last two years to crown the winecup, to seize the timbrel, and to celebrate the triumph which he had done his -utniost to impede ? Let us, however, do justice to Mr. GLADSTONE in one respect. Sweet have been the uses of adversity to him. If he has erred in past time he seems at least disposed to give guarantees for the future. At the same time that he drew a lively picture of the duties which would devolve upon Parliament when the war is at an end; of the social improvements to be carried out; of the equilibrium in the public finances to be restored; of the thorough, searching, and sytematic investigations into the state of our public establishments on which we must now enter, he emphatically bids us take care " that if, unhappily, we should live "t o see the day when it would again become " necessary for England to buclle on her armour "and draw her sword, her establishments may be "found in a condition thoroughly fitted for thework "they had to perform, that the heart of the country "may not again be wounded and torn by calamities "which could not be relieved, but which it was "felt might in great part have been avoided." This is, no doubt, one of the practical conclusions to be drawn from the great problem which has recently been solved in the Crimea. By bending every faculty of his mind to the attainment of so desirable an end-by urging on at all seasons the necessity of military preparation, and therefore of military reform, Mr. GLADSTOE may yet do his coultry good service. When the immediate peril is over, when the grass grows green over Cathcart's Hi, the eagerness and enthusiasm of the present moment will give way to apathy and indifference. Then Mr. GLADSTOE'S opportunity will come; let him use it well, for he has the character of a statesman, in the highest sense of the word, to regain.
The extreme aversion of old gentlemen in office from reforms of all kinds is proverbial. A hint that things are capable of improvement annoys; the assertion that they ought to be improved vexes; the claim for actually setting about improvement infiriates. It is difficult for persons less advanced in life, and whose ideas are less wedded to an existing order of things, to understand this state of mind and its intensity. It is a psychological mystery. Some light requires to be thrown upon it. We shoulld like to see the issue of a self- examination on this subject, and a fair account i given by some autobiographer past middle life of his own feelings on the subject of interference with present facts. We suppose they would amount to some notion of all change as being in itself a kind of disease in nature; to be deferred, like bodily disease, always as long as possible, and submitted to only when it is unavoidable. There is only this difference,-that men, in the case of bodily disease, think resignation proper, which they do not appear to think in the case of that disease called " change" or " referm." In this latter emergency human nature struggles violently, protests, vituperates, imputes motives, and does anything rather than acquiesce and submit. Yet H03o R sDeaks of "D Divine rage," and the wrath of the venerable Bishop of BANGOR has something of that fine fienzy in it; it is an inspiration harmonizing with his time of life, his long enjoyment of office, and his political and ecclesiastical predilections. The prevalence of dissent in the Welsh dioceses is notorious. This has been coupled lately witl the fact that the church is in those dioceses inert; and some of the more active clergy, supported by the laity, have recently endeavoured to call the attention of the Bishop of BAaGOR to this fact, as connected with his own diocess. His Lordship's attention has, in particular, been called to the fact that many churches in his diocess have only one service on the Sunday, and a petition has been presented to him on this subject, in the preparation of which Mr. Eris appears to have been the most active among the clergy of his Lordship's diocess, and Mr. W. 0. STAN-LEY among the laity. His Lordship's reply is summary :-" The document which i; "called a petition is an insolent attack and bill ol "indictment algainst myself." He is surprised that Mr. STArIMEY " has been induced to coun" tenance Mr. P. 0. ELLs's presumption and " folly." Nor is this common and simply angry vituperation. No; the Bishop is seriously concerned for the crime which Mr. ELis has committed. " I bear him no illwill, and, though my " .ope of. his being redaimed has been hitherto dis"appointed, I should stil hope and pray that "GoD's grace may cure him of his presumption "and folly, and get the better of his self-conceit " and self-will, and impenetrable obstinacy." All this for wishing that there were two services instead of one on the Sunday, and representing that wish to the Bishop ! Seldom has such a lecture l been given for such an offence. So Mr. ELTrIs I appears to have thought, and to have expressed his opinion to this effect to the Bishop. It. is hardly necessary to say that the result of such a remonstrance is only that the offender- is regarded as a double culprit-first committing a crime, and then objecting to be censured for it. "After endeavouring in vain to convince him of his folly, I reminded him of the promise he had made at his ordination, 'reverently to obey his ordinary, and other chief ministers of the church, and to follow with a glad mind and will their godly admonitions.' He had thte assurance to teU me that my remonstrance and the admonitions 2ohich I had given Xim 2were not godly admonitions." That certainly was an unpardonable insinuation. His lIordship thinks so, and proceeds to state his intention of prosecuting Mr. ELLis under the Church Discipline Act. " Since Mr. ET;Ts has not " consented to make his submission in the form "and manner I have prescribed, I shall proceed "to issue a commission of inquiry under the "Church Discipline Act." Nay, even a com_nission of inquiry is too mild; he will send hinm to the Archesi'Court at once. "It is now my intention' "not to issue a commission, but to send the cause "by letters of request to the Arches' Court." The clerical culprit is perhaps, however, the gainer by the new arrangement. There can be no doubt what verdict five clergymen who had only one service in their churches on a Sunday would give against the guilty petitioner for two services. Tanf0ne animis co?estibtns irn ? All this for the one offence of petitioning for two services on, a Suaday ! The criminal first warned, then, prayed for, then gravely rebuked, then sternly rebuked, then violAxRy rebuked, then threavn,vd with a ___g~~~~1 m--zzh h Court ! Bythis time we suppose Mr. W. 0. SrTmxY must seethatitisof no verygreatuse trying t) enlighten the mind of an old gentleman of 83, who has presided quietly over a diocess for 26 years without trouble, turmoil, reform, or anything to disturb him. The venerable Bishop, however, must allow us to remark that one-half of the spirit and mettle which he has shown on this occasion in resisting second Sunday services in his diocess would have established such services effectually. We will not pay him the bad compliment of an excuse drawn from the infirmity of age. He can be vigorous when it suits him. It is not often that a Bishop has scolded a member of Parliament in such style, and the rebukes to Mr. W. 0. STAIEy would suggest a reference to A T.AAsri&S and Amnrosi"precedents, if they were not, unfortunately, given in a cause which would so much displease those great fathers -a diminution in the number of church services. ST. A3mROSE did not excommunicate ThEODOSrUS for a modest wish expressed by that Emperor for more services in the Basilica at Milan. We feel it, then, more complimentary to .the venerable Prelate to suggest another application of his vigour and spirit than to suppose that the mettle he has shown on this occasion is merely the protest against vigour and against action-the mere irritation of a quiet gentleman on being disturbed; a kind of activity which results from disinclination to activity. Let him show to the inactive portion of his clergy but a portion of the vigour which he has now spent on the active portion, and they wiU come to terms before long, and show how a Bishop, though well striclken in years, can still be useful and effective.
No one can doubt that the reputation of the French EzMrEuoR and people has been much exalted by the present war. It requires but a small acquaintance with European opinion to recognize that France has, by the wisdom of her policy and the energy of her action, taken a higher place in the commonwealth of nations, and dispersed those doubts which had been generated by the commotions of 1848 and the folowing years. In the Crimea her armies have added new victories to the roll on which Austerlitz and Friedland are inscribed, and now a peace is about to be concluded in the French capital which will associate that city once more with the great landmarks of European history. In all these events England has borne her share, with large and openly expressed admiration for her ally, and a resolution to carry out, not only with sincerity, but with zeal, the objects of the alliance. This has been a popular war, and the British people have shown on all occasions a wilingness to sacrifice all national vanity to the finm establishment of the union which has been able to accomplish so much. The press in England has been the just representative of this feeling. It cannot be said that during two years anything has been published which could irritate the most sensitive nation. On the contrary, every statement, every description, every comment which could in any way hurt the national feeling of France has been studiously avoided by the British press. So much has this been the case that it has been made a matter of reproach by those connected with the administration of our own army. It has been said that criticism in our own country has unsparingly laid open the weak points of the national system, and lowered the nation in the eyes of the world, -while the unavoidable defects of other empires have been prudently concealed. We have too often defended the publicity which belongs to the British system for it to be necessary to recapitulate now the arguments in its favour. However, whether such publicity be advantageous or not, the French have by no means been subjected to it. It was felt that the affairs of our allies should be commented on by themselves alone, and the English press has uniformaly confined its attention to our own armaments. The Monitmtr, in its observations on the letter of our Paris correspondent, forgets to do justice to the conduct of the English press. With respect to the matter in question,-the actual state of the French army,-we can only say that the expressions complained of do not, if we are rightly informed, exaggerate what is passing in the Crimea. It was only when the sufferings of our gallant allies from disease became notorious that we mentioned them at all, and even then we did so with the greatest pain and reluctance. It is therefore with little reason that the Moniteur attempts to impute haste or recklessness as characterizing the conduct of Dihe Times. The French people, indeed, have no cause to fear any discussion by foreigners of their course during the present war. The exeertions, the sacrifices, th-e achievements of their galant army form part of the history of this age. Their merits have been fully avowed by., Englishmen of every condition, and it is not too much to say that if their reputation is now in the mouths of all men, it is in no low degree owing to the manner in which their deeds have been narrated and extolled by English writers. This journal has too fuUly appreciated all that the British almy and nation have to learn from their allies to desire in any way willingly to lessen the force of the example by unduly dwelling on temporary and perhaps unavoidable defects. We trust soon to hear that the sufferings of the last few weeks are over, and that the gallant army which stood by us at Inkermann and fouglht so well on the Tchernaya and at the Malalkhoff has overcome the calamities which: have unfortunately succeeded its late briMiant tliumphs.
The public will scarcely be surprised at the intelligence that the opening of the military proceedings at Chelsea Hospital is deferred. Lord HARDFQGE, however, has so completely identified himself with the officers accused, especially with Sir RicDArw An,y, that he can scarcely indulge the hope that attention can be diverted from the action of the Horse Guards in this affair. The ComimADER -IN-CmEx is as much upon his trial as the four Crimean officers, and for two reasons. The first is, that if they should be proved guilty of the matters laid to their charge, he who has sanctioned and recommended their promotion since the date of the events at issue can scarcely escape unscathed. The second reason touches him even more directly. In his place in the House of Lords the CommANDER-iN-CBIIF expressed in the strongest terms his belief that Sir RICHRD AiREY could prove, with the greatest facility, that his conduct from first to last in the Crimea had been such as would entitle him to the favour of his superior officers, and to the consideration of the public. The position is a hazardous one. Whatever Lord. EARDn-GE'S private, sentiments or opinions may be, his conclusions are in direct opposition to tho report of the Commissioners who had been appointed by the Government to inquire into *the case upon the spot. How, then, can Lord HDA.DiNGE venture to prejudge the case, when there exist such strong reasons for supposing that heavy charges can be substantiated against the offioers accused ? It may be replied that, as we and others who have pressed on this inveatigation have assumed guilt, it is therefore competent to Lord HIsniDGsQ to 'assume innocence. Before trial the balance of opinion may incine either way. The reply is obvious. - The military authorities w so clearly determined to let the inquiry slip through, or rather to have no inquxiry at all} that it was, absolutely incumbent upon those who were of opiuion that the repodt d the Crimean Commissioners should net be treated as so much waste paper to insist upon their conclusions. Now, these conclusions were unfavourable to the Earls of LucAN and CARDIGAN, to Sir RICHARD AnEzY, and to Colonel Gor.Dow. At any rate, those who assuime guilt have at least something in the Report upon which they can base their conclusions. Lord HAR:nnio, who amsumes their innocence, only relies upon his previous knowledge o of their general character. As an excuse for the delay in commencing this investigation, it will no doubt be said that there is great difficulty in convening such an assembly of ancients as the Chelsea Commissioners. They are for the most part men on the wrong side of 70, and the east wind is very keen. The nipping and unkind blast has for the last few days searched out all the weak points in the shattered frames of the veterans who have been told offfordutyatChelsea. Two of theseold gentlemen, if we are correctly informed, have already sent in certificates of ill-health,-nor can we blame them for their evasion of sO thankless an office. If ever there was an occasion when it would be excusable for an old officer to plead C cegrotat" the present is such a one. Between the public and the Horse Guards, the Chelsea judges are sure of ridicule or censure, whatever the result of the investigation may be. Lot us even suppose that in their own persons they are careless of further advancement or of additional honours, still they have, for the most part, sons and grandsons, nephews and grandnephews, in the army. Let them venture, in no matter how slight a degree, to run coimter to the declaration of the ComAN-DErtL-7-CHlE, and they may bid farewell for ever, for themselves and for everybody who claims kindred with them, to the pomp, pride, and circumstance of glorious war. It is said that Lord SXAToN was presumed not to be a "safe mian,"-in other words, to the great credit of 'the gallant General, it was supposed that, if he were once made judge, he would give true deliverance according to the evidence laid before him, without fear or favour, and with, a total disregard of consequences. We trust it is so, and have no reason to doubt the truth of the report, which redounds so much to Lord SATo-N's honour. Be this, however, as it may, if we are correctly informed, Sir JOHN WOODFoBD has been summoned to replace him. All persons who mention the name of this officer do so with respect, and it is evident that he will prove an acquisition to the Board; but it must not be forgotten in the present case that four judges constitute a majority, so that the Horse Guards can afford to make three diLinterested appointments to satisfy public clamour. We can, however, scarcely believe that Lord HAsDINGE and his immediate advisers will try to quash the inquiry altogether, and to wear out the patience of the public by studied delay. Why should they do so? As we before said, they are as much upon their trial as the four Crimean officers. What accused person can desire more favourable chances of acquittal than are involved in the privilege of selectinghis own judges and naming his own jurymen from among those who maybe most deeplyinterestedc in obtaining his favour? It maybe asked, if this be so, why urge on with so much pertinacity aninquiry which cannot terminate in any favourable result? The answer is this :-It is, perhaps, possible that little benefit may be derived from the direct result, for we have before our eyes the decision of the military tribunal in the ase of Generals CAVENDISH and AL&L. Much, however, may be expected by those who sincerely desire the reformation of our miltary system from the indirect results of the Chelsea inquiry. The more the venerable tribunal' may endeavour to exclude evidence, the more they arrive at irrational conclusions, the more they venture to close their doors, the more will the light blaze in and the truth come out. The obvious policy which will be pursued will be to make some subordinate the scapegoat for the sims of the Staff, but it is scarcely probable that the offering will betake itself to the wilderness with a good grace. We have perfect confidence that, one way or another,we shall arrive at the truth. We cannot] for the moment proceed further with this subject than to announce that the opening of the Chelsea proceedings stands for the moment adjourned sine die. Those in authority, however, would do well to remember that they will gain nothing by attempting to evade this inquiry. Failing the judgment of the Court of Inquiry, we fall back upon the Report of the Commissioners as our rule of belief in Crimean matters.
COU1?T CIBCULAR. WfLNDSOR, MAuwa 26. Mr. Albert Smith haa the honour of performing last night before Her Majesty, the King of the Belgians, the Duchess of Kent, the Royal family, and the party assembled at the Castle. The dinner party included Hlis Majesty the King of the Belgians, her Royal Highness the Dachess of Kent, her Boyal Highness the Princess Royal, the Belgian Minister and Madame Van de Weyer, Lady Fanny Howard, Baroness de Speth, Major-General the Hon. SirEdward Cust, Colonel and LadyEmily Seymour, Sir James Clark, Colonel de .oerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Doctor Rieken. The Queen and Prince, wvith the Princess Royal and Pincess Alice, rodeon horseback this morning, attended by the Countess of Desart, Major-General Bucldey, and Cap)tain the Hon. D). dePRos. Mtajor-General the Ho. Sir E3dward Cust left the Castle In the forenoon. Lady Macdonaldhas succeeded the Countess of Desart as Lady in Waiting to Her Majesty.
WEST CoA.sT OF AzRIoA.-FLimOuTH, March, 26.-The African Steam Navigation Company's mail pack-etEthiope, Commander W. IL Barnwell, with a general cargo and nine passengers, sailed yesterday afternoon for Hadeira, Teneriffe, and the West Coast of Africa. The Retriever, Cornmander 'lIntosh, which left Plymouth on the 17th of February, has gained five days on her time, and iS now probably near Fernando Po comoing upthe coast; and the Niger, Cormmander Parsons, which left on the 24th of ebruary, is off Cape Coast, going don Notice has been posted atthe gates of the Deonport Dockyard that Her Majesty's paddlewkeel steam sloop Scourge,, wil sail for Sierra Leone on the 31st inst. PRoPosFD Juvmma RErons3mTioY .r MVA.- anFmrT-Yesterdav morning a prelininary meeting was held at the Town-ha], Manchester, convened by the Mfayor, to consider the general question of the establishment of reforniatories. MIr. J. Watts, the MIayor, presided, andthere were about a dozen magistrates present. The proceedings were to a great extent in the form of conversation on the subject, which lasted upwards of an hour. In the course of this conversation a strong sentiment seemed to be entertained generally that there was a necessity for something being done, but opinions were expressed that, from the nature and magnitude of the evil to be dealt with, it could not be grappled with effectually by any voluntary effort; to be efficieutly done it must bce done by the State. lThe provisions of mfr. Adderley's last bill were discussed, as also those of a bill hich was said to have been passed three days before, which applies to Scotland only, andit was thought that .the very best results would follow the extension of the provisions of that act to England. It appeared to be generalyagreed, also, that, situated as Manchester is, it would be very impo litic for anything like a reformatory to be established for the city alone, and not embracing Salford and the other Large neighbouring towns, as to do so would possibly be to attract to the city the degraded parents and poor children from thcse places, so that there would be an unnatural drain upon the funds. It was thought that the area tobe included inanydistrict to be established forthe purpose shouldatleast emubrace the whole of the Salford hundred of Lancashire, if it did not at some points extend into Cheshire, so as to include Stockport. Ultimately, as a sort of preliminary steu* the following resolutions were agreed to:-" That this meeting adheres to the opinion expressed in the resolu.iion unanimously adopted by the magistrtes at a meetin- held on the 28th of February, 1854, that institutions inteded for the detention and benefit of juveniles ought to ha established under the authority of larliament, and to be supported at the public expense; and that it is only under such a system that efficiency can he anticipated; and that it is desirable to urge upon ler Majesty's Government and upon Parlament the necessity of giving, by an act to be passed during the present session, the same facilities for the erection anld maintenance of such institutions as now exist for the erection and maintenance of prisons; that all the powers conforred by the 17th and 18th Victoria, chap. 74, in Scotland, ought also to be possessed in England. That the following gentlemuen-viz, the Mayor, Mar. Aldermanr Weild, Mr. D. h1aude, Mr. B. M. Gladstone, and Aldersu3u 'Sir John Potter, be appointed a coammittee, to prepaRQ a petition to Parliauient, and to take any steps they may dcor requixii in fur. qn o gf tho aboye resolutijgt Ji
- THE EAST. (BY MAZn- AhINi BRlTrSH MWOBRMC We have received the foHlowing telegraphic dea spatch from our Marseilles correspondent "MARSEILES, WXzjDNSDY, 1L&CH 26, 5 5 P.Mf. "The Gange has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 18th, and from the Crimea of the 15th. "General Vivian and 38 French miitary men have arrved. "Despatches left at I p.m. "Your oorrespondent at C'onstantinople writes :_ "' General Smith has arrived from London on his way to Shumla. "'Count Zamoyski has arriyed from Paris. "'We have bad weather; storms and violent north-east winds, with snow."' We have received the Mmnitirr of yesterday. It does not contain any news of interest.
AMERICA. - (BY ELZ IC O MGBA2..) LEVERPOOL, TKUiiSDAY HOit-imG. The Royal mail steamship America has arrived with advices from Boston to the 12th inst., and $325,650 specie on freigght. She passed the Emeu on the 19th inst., and the Asia on the 24th, both for New York. The steamer Africa, hence, arrived in New Yorlk on the 8th inst. In the Senate on the 10th inst. the bill appropriating 3,000,000 dollars for increasing the armament and munitions of war, and for the manufacture and alteration of arms, in accordance with the recent recommendation of the President, was ordered to be engrossed for a third reading by a vote of 22 against 12. During the debate Mr. B3ell said he did not think the exigency had arisen for such an appropriation. He did not wish to have it go abroad that thelittle speck of war had stimulated such proceedings; besides, the object of the expenditure was not sufficiently stated to accord with the doctrines of the fathers of the Republic. M)r. Weller was willing to make the bill more specific; he did not apprehend war, but, while the Treasury was full, it was well to make preparations for any emergency which might arise. Mr. THunter spoke in favour of increasing the national defences so as to be prepared for attacks from every quarter. MIr. Carrs said England had suffered so much in the -war with Russia that it was not at all unlikelythat she might try to retrieve her reputation by a war onthe western hemisT)here. lIr. Carrs addressed the Senate relative to the aggressions and audacity of the English Government, quoting from the London 'ines a recent article against this country, and making thereon a sarcastic running commentary. le did not see how the Central American controversy could be referred to arbitration. It was not a question of boundary or indemnity; but a mere question about the meaning of a word. :o arbitrator, whether understanding the-English language or-not, could tell them what the word " occupy" meant better than they kinew already. Mr. Iverson defended tho bill, and thought thera was imminent danger of -a war with England. He did not believe the Administration of the American people were in favour of arbitration on the Central American question. On the following day the Senate renewed the consideration of the bill. Mr. Brown supported the views of the Government relative to the ClaytonBulwer Treaty; he did not desire to assist in.- creating a war spirit; the treaty was susceptiblebut of one interpretation. England's construction of it was a specific -violation of common sense, and if such conduct was responded to by a private individual in his dealing with his neighbours, it would be very apt to communicate the impression to all impartial witnesses that the fraud was intended. He condemned the conduct of Great Britain in the enlistment case.' He was opposedto submitting their difficulties with England to arbitration, for the reason that a great republic like theirs could scarcely expect justice with a crowned head as umpire. J The Senate then adjourned. According to documents submitted to the Senate on the 10th inst., the instructions to Commodore M'Caulay, commander of the United States'' home squadron, issued inAprillast, afterthe Spanishfrigate Ferrolana had fired into the United States steamer Eldorado, were to the effect that, in case of a similar outrage-committed on avessel rightly bearing the United States' flag, he must promptly inter' pose and resist the exercise of the assumed right of visitation, and repel the interference by force, the Executive taking the ground that the conduct of the authorities of Cuba, in hailiing and searching American vessels, cannot rest on the plea of territorial jurisdiction over the. high seas in the vicinity of the island of Cuba, the. United States' Government, denying the existence of any state of facts to warrant the exercise of belligerent rights. The Washington correspondent of the New York Herald writes on the 7th inst. "sSecretary Marcy has been very busy for the lasf 43 hours preparing elaborate despatches, which go out in the European steamer to-morrow, with reference to our presentdifficuties with England. Cimplete instrEctions to Mr. Dallas will accomipany the despatches." A letter dated Washington, March 10, says.:- "Colonel Wheeler, United States' Minister at Nicaragna, notwathstandinghisperseveranceintheendeavourto convince the State Department that he -was justified in recognizing the new Government, has failed to satisEy the Secretary-ofState of the propriety of his course. "It lass heretofore been stated that Colonel Wheeler was speciically instracted not to recognize the new Government of Nicaragua, but he acted in advance of their receirt,-a precipitancyon his part which is emphbaticaflycondemnedby our Government. 'Lhe recent instructions are explicit. Se is required to adhere to them strictly. In the unsettled conditon of affairs in Central America his functions -will for the present be confined to an oversight of our interests inthat quarter, as it is weU knovn he has no official intercourse with the Nicaraguan Government." There is no news of the niissing steamer Pacific. Captain Nye, her late commander, in a published letter, hasgiven the public to tnderstand that something umusual was not unlilkely to happen to the machinery of the Pacific, from the fact stated by him that she had a new engineer for this voyage. The Legislative Council of Canada has passed to,6 a second reading a bill to permit moneyto beloanea by all parties, except bank; at any rate of interest which may be agreed upon; the said interest to be recoverable in the courts of law.'- The weather at Montreal was very severe. 0i tne 10th the mercury stood at 12 degrees below zero. The Canadian M1inistry sustained a defeat on the 11th, on a motion for an inquiry into Judie Davall's charge on Sylvester's murder trial. - Advices from Hayti, of the 26th of February, statethat Emperor Faustin returned to the capital on tlxer 14th, and immediately issued a procltanation to tl% effect that he had been obliged to "retrace his steF for a time." Commercial affairs were in a depressfl state. Logwood was quioted at $72. The New York commercial accounts reporl ii alteration of moment in the stock-market. ho money-market continued easy. Sterling exchone quoted at 8 to 9E; bills on France, 5 -s to Cotton was dull, and quotedci cent lower-. Flo*w was 12J cents easier; wheat was firm. P1O*isioQa generally were heavy. The market for iron was firm; 70 tons of ScotOlt pig were sold at 36 to St dollars--T 3mouths, h4eights wera very firm. To LiverPool-cotton1 9-32d. to 5-16d. per lb. ; flour 2s. d to Sa. Tc London-flour, 3s. 3d. to 3s. 6id. To Hare : cent per lb. LATEST YEA HALJIFAX. NEW YOR;F, EvmqNcG, MARCH 13TI. Eurc~can newvs b;' th' Arabia was published yes. terdaX (Wednesda) a;t 3 o'clock. MAoney continued abundoant. Fanav sVck quiet. Sterling exchanges 109k. Cotton ).as declined ic. Flour, Is. to 2 (Yerk) lower. ES.' ORLEANS, ENve, mMUCH 12. Our latest European news is by the Africa Sales to-day-8,500 bales; middling- quoted 9io. and %vf-k._ _ SECOND DESPATCH. NEW YORK, MtrcH 13, 11 p.. K Japan dates rl4 Californiia report that the 1 I of Jeddo was destroyed by anl earthquale onth 1 12th of November; lCQ,(X)Q lilises in runds, an, 30,000 liEes lost.
SECOND EDITION. THE TrME&O1FaICG, Thursday HorniM. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. 'The following is the letter of our Paris correSpondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- I have reason to believe that we are at last near the satisfactory solution of our diplomatic difficulties. The Congresa met to-day again, the third day consecutively since Sunday, and it will very probably continue to meet from day to day till the conclusion. Notwithstanding the assurances in respectable quarters as to the exact date on which the proiocolswill be signed, I refrain from naming any day. As matters stood yesterday, (not being aware of what Tassed at this day's sitting,)I still am of opinion that everything will be arranged this week. We are now, it is true, in the middle of the week, but with industry and application a good deal of work may be got- through by Friday or Saturday. I cannot answer for unforeseen accidents; but I am of opinion that the business wiU be brought to a close very soon. In my letter of Sunday I referred to the proceedings of the Congress the day before. From what I have been able to ascertain since, these facts have not only been confirmed, but some additional information acquired which may not be found uninteresting. The dissension I alluded to as breaking out on that day certainly originated in the manner in -which the participation of Prussia in the treaty was viewed. The Plenipotentiaries met, as I informed you, at an earlier hour than usuaL This, however, -wasnotthecase with respeetto thePRepresentatives of Prussia,who were not summonedtill a comparatively late hour-some say at 4 or half-past 4 o'clock. When they entered the Saloon of the Conferences they are said to have manifested their displeasure at what they considered a studied slight if not humniliation offered to them. One of the Plenipotentiaries--who, I cannot say positively-made excuses for the seeming neglect, and explained that though arriving, or summoned, late they were not to con.sider themselves as treated on a different footing from the other Plenipotentiaries; that they all met in that room on terms of equality, and on terms of equality they would remain. Another Plenipotentiary, it is said the English, though I cannot of -course vouch for the fact, stood up and disputed the proposition laid down by his confrbre. He formally and decidedly denied the parallel soug,ht to be established between the representatives -of Prussia and those of the allies, and declared emphatically that he shoild never consent to it. In this he was supported by the Sardinian Plenipoten-tiaries. The discussion continued for some time in this strain, and the parties separated without coming to any decision, so that peace could not be officially oaunounced, as was hoped, the following day, as .an -accompaniment to the Te Deucrn. It is said that the English Plenipotentiaries-one, if not both-had a long interview the next morning with the Emperor, and left him-perfectly satisfied. On Mlonday the Congress again met, and resumed the discussion of .Saturday, as to the manner of admitting Prussia to -sign the treaty. I am not acquainted well enough with what passed, or rather, the reports on the subject are so contradictory, that I refrain from mentioning any particulars. The same may be said of that of yesterday; but the only important fact is that either on Monday or yesterday an arrangement was proposed by which the allies should sign one ,protocol, and that a second should be drawn up to which Prussia and the allies should affix their sigmatures. This, if I am correctly informed, has been sdopted, and the Congress is now occupied in the sedaction of both protocols. The precedent of France resuming her place in the European Concert -of 1841, after the Treaty of 1840, which had been signed without her. participation, would then seem to be followed on the present occasion. Lord Clarendon is described as having decidedly resisted the admission of Prussia in any other way, and, if my information be correct, he has resisted successfully, notwithstanding the strong opposition to him. If this version be the correct one the arrangement -can hardly be called a compromise. As Pruwsia was invited to join the Conferences it must be to sign .something. The allowing her the same advantages as the other Powers, belligerents or who were engaged to be so, could not be listened to, and that Lord Clarendon did not consider the difficulty -as one of mere formality, but as. a prnciple, is manifest from the opposition he made to it from the beginning. If the matter be arranged as I -am told it is, the only delay (supposing no accident to occur) can now be in the proper framing of the protocols. In the meantime the last day allowed for the -armistice is rapidly approaching. It is no doubt expected that the treaty will be signed on or before the 31st, but so serious a matter as the resumption of hostilities cannot be left to chance or exposed to accident. In order to avoid this, and with a humane desire to avoid the unnecessary effusion of blood, a message has been or will be sent by telegraph to the head-quarters in the Crimea not to recommence hos- I tilities without further orders. This is, of course, nothing more or less than a prolongation of the armistice; but in order to preveut the unpleasant -effect on the nublic mind that would be sureto follow the official announcement of such prolongation, the orderIalludetowill probably be explained bythe fear of an accident occurring to the electric cable, which would produce a "solution of continuity." Thus, the prolongation of the armistice will be effected without unnecessarily alarming the too susceptible public. This, I believe, is all that can safely be said of the - progress of the Conferences at this moment. The solution, as I have already said, is expected this week. A Paris letter in the Inpe Idance of Brussels gives the following details:- III have already informed you that the minutes of the :sittings were autographed by two men, and transferred to atones to be struck off. I can now add that 24 copies are pulled off for the Plenipotentiaries and their respective -Courts. The exact truth WMl therefore be one day knownL In the meantime the printers engaged in the business are not allowed to leave the Ministry, and their work is per. formed under the surveillance of a grayheaded emnplbyg, 3L d'&Heli.mt, archiviste of the political department, and an old friend of the late Count de :Rayneval." A private telegraphic despatch fromLacdrid, dated last night, announces that General O'Donnell is again confined to his bed with illness, and that the Govermnent calculated on- having the support of the "LBeft" in their financial measures. The followving private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MARSEILLES, MA.RcH 25. "Accounts have been received from Constantinople to the 17th. General deDa Marmora had left Constantinople for the Crimea. 3Mr. Murray, the English Ambassador in 1'emia, is still at Tabriz." "M MARcu 26. "The Gange has arrived, with accounts from Constantinople of the 18th. "The weatlher in the Black Sea had been very boisterous. "The French frigates Montezuna and Christophe Colomb lad returned to Constantinople. "Omar Pasha had paid a visit to the Kainakan.. 1' The Polish General Zanloyski had arrived at Constantinople. "The Porte hadmade an application to the French Governmeut for 10,000 carbines and as many sabres. "The English Ileet was siortly expected at Malta. "Accounts from the Crimea, to the 13th, state that the weather continued storiy. The health of the French troops -3iad considerably improved. "The cold was severe at Kerteh; the canal of Yenikale was frozen over." " BERLIN, 2dto s. " On Saturday Coun' de Mfonstier presen ed to His Ma- jesty the official notification of the birth of an TLhporial Prince. ¶ The accusations against Mg. von Manteuffel and pon Gerlach, contained in a pamphlet recently puhlished, touch,ing the despatch robberies, are formally contradicted by the Ncw Prtusian Gazette." The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72f. 0c. for the. end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f.; and the New Loan at 72f. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,300f.; Great Northemn, 990f.; Strasburg, 983f. 75c.; New Shares, 827. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,265f.; Lyons to the 3lediterranean, 1,560f.; Western of France, 895f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 757f. 50c.; Great Central of France, 652f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 795f.; Bank of Credit Mobilier,1,575f.; Austrian Railways,910f. Cours AvThentiqu&.-PAws, March 26.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f. 50c.; ditto not reimbursable for 10 years, 94f. 93f. 75c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f.; ditto Cerificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f.; Four per Cents., 85f.; Three per Cents., 72f. 40c. 30c. 35c. 40c. ; ditto second Lean of 1855 (45 Percent. paid), 73.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73f * Treasury Bonds, 5 per cent. at three months; Bank of France, 3,500f.; Credit Foncier, 700f.; ditto Obligations of 500f.; Three per Cents., 930f. ; Cr6dit Ifobilier, L,572f. S0c. 1,575f;; Discount Bank, 650f. 647f. Sc.; Piedmontese Five2per Cents., 93f. 75f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents., 61f. 60f. '(-c. 50c.; Austrian Five per Cents., 89; Romans, 90. 91; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., F., 1856, 62A. YExchange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 373c.; three months, money, 24f. 92.1c. PRUSSIA. (FRM oiu OWN CORESO.w"Mir.) BBRLIN, MARCM 25. The Easter holydays have deprived us for three days of the local papers, probably without depriving. us of much news of interest, for had there been any afloat it would doubtless not have been inserted for fear of police consequences. The scandal that has been caused here in connexion with the revelations of the so-called Potsdam despatch theft has been much less than was doubtless expected by the parties, who are active in spreading the knowledge of Herr Seiffarth's defence; that is the name of the Government official at Potsdam implicated in the suspicion of having been accessary to the theft. Thereis no necessity formy concealing it any longer now that it has come into the public press here. The insinuations thathavebeen anonymously appended to the publication of the abovementioned official document, to the effect that the Minister-President, who hadall along known of his agent having come into possession of papers in no honest way, had set that agent to comproinise his benefactor Seiffarth as the aider and abetter of the theft, are recogrnized generally as not substantiated; and from the circumstance of the parties having chosen the moment of his absence from Berlin to disseminate these calumnies, this failure causes a reaction in his favour. Who tho parties are who have busied themselves so much in bringin, these matters to the knowledge of influential persons is not known. It is said that one result of the investigation still taking place, has been to remove the idea as unfounded, that any of the stolen papers ever found their way to either of the Embassies, French or English. So much the better, The Count Canitz, who was understood a fortnight back first to have shot himself and then to have been shot in a duel at Potsdam, walked into the Casino here a few days back, looking very well indeed, considering what extremities he was supposed to have gone through; and, strange to say, nobody can find out who was shot any way at Potsdam on the 11th inst.; at the same time nobody pretends to say that nobody was shot thdn and there. The excitement connected with the Hlinkeldey duel is subsiding very fast; every pamphlet and most newspapers that have mentioned any unplea,ant details have been "burked" by the police, and everything is being done to put a stopper on the excitement. As an instance how far the Ki-euz Zeitung party can carry their demonstrations, I must mention that on Easter Sunday I heard a clergyman of that party in his sermon stigmatise the funeral of Hinkeldey, which the King and all the Princes and Ministers attended, as another instance occurring in Berlin in which the flagrant violation of the law had received a public ovation in the streets. This was at the same time an allusion to the public burial with all pomp of the persons that were killed in the street riots of 1848, and thus put the death of HRinkeldey on the same level with that of the rioters of eight years baclk. While Hinkeldey is thus being stigmatised as a common offender of the law from the fashionable pulpits, the subscEiptions raised for his family in the middle and lower ranks have reached 1]9,000 thalers. Moreover, whatever blame attaches to the fimeral having been made a demonstration and matter of pomp, it lies at the Eing's door, (the deceased had specially desired to be buried as onietly as possible,) and this will give General Gerlach materials and text for a full series of Cabinet lectures upon the necessity of the Royal offender repeatedly doing Busse (a mixed idea of penance, penitence, and remorse). The new President of Police, Baron von Sedlitz-Neukirch, has been inducted into his office, and, as far as we hai ` heard of him at present, he seems disposed to fot1iw his predecessor in the lenient wielding of the i umense power entrusted to him. The Kreuz Zeitung endeavours to make its readers believe that the Prussian representatives are treated with marked deference at the Conferences, and that Baron Manteuffel, who is a stranger in Paris, is much sought after and f6ted in the highest circles; from other quarters we hear that the Parisians describe the Minister President as a man with the " natural qualities of Thiers and the gravity of Guizot." Both statements are, doubtless, incorrect, and take their colour from the channel they pass through. Baron von lanteuffel is accompanied to Paris by two Secretaries of Legation, Baron von Rechenberg and Herr von Arnim, and two subordinate officials of the Foreign-office. During his absence from here Herr van der Heydt, the Minister of Commerce, presides at the Ministerial Councils, in virtue of his official seniority. The Foreign-office is provisionally represented cls-d-s the Corps Diplometiqzte by the Councillor of Legation Balan. Prince Croy, an attachl of the Prussian Legation in Paris, who happened to be in Berlin at the time of the news arriving here of the birth of the Imperial heir, was immediately despatehed to Paris with instructions to Baron Manteuffel to congratulate the Emperor in the name of the King; in his own name he had already had an opportunity of doing so on occasion of his being presented to the Emperor in an audience on the MIonday morning. Among the many reports which the approach of peace has put into men's mouths here is one, that the Emperor of Russia has given the Emperor Louis Napoleon the firmest assurance that he will come to Paris to visit him-before his own coronation, and that the Emperor of the French has promised to pay him the return visit in St. Petersburg either at or after his coronation. Alnother of the expectations indulged in by some of the wiseacres of the German press is, that immediately after the conclusion of a peace the Emperors of Russia and Austria and the King of Prussia will airange a rendezvous and meet together for the purpose of renewing the holy alliance. It is needless to say that there is just as much in this as in most other penny-a-linerl's bubbles. Although theremay be no feeling of exasperation and contempt felt by the Emperor of Ruissia for his uncle of Prussia, there is no rea;on for believing {hat there is anytliing like a cordial feeling on either side; and on the part of Russia V'3wardS Austria we know, oni the contrary, that both feelings ex-ist. Ix. f~ict, Austria wi fll( fhJit for a long time to coU1n4Or ~ey diftlioult to PoIat, iDut any qn.iarter -w here these feelings do not rankle. They will, it is f eared, be kept up for a long time, even after the immediate cause is forgotten. On the 8th of this month no less than 24 ea3es of fire-arms were seized here on the prenises of an ex- pxlition agent, that had been imported from Bel.: giun. under the designation of iron-ware; they. were a'out to be sent on from here to Kdnigsberg and would thence have been exported into Russia. The information was given to this Government by our Minister here, with all the detils so exact that the marks of every are were found tUcPmrespond with those given in thedEninciation. Itltlxe middle of last month a number of Saxon carriers were stopped at Ostrowoin Silesik3 -who had in their charge 150 cwt. of guinpowder, whidc they were olthe point of conveying over the neighbouring frontier into Russian Poland. They have beez detained and will probably have to wait with their esarge on this side of the frontier until they can produce proof of the powder being of Zollverein nmnufacture. p'revious to this parcel of 150 cwt. being stopped, it is understood that 250 cwt. had beer. smuggled: over the frontier by all sorts of by-ways and unfrequented paths; this circumstance, if true, would favour the presumption of the powder not, being of Zollverein origin; if it were 8O it would not be illegal to export it. At a late meeting of the Polytechnic Society here, it was stated that the trials which were made some time back at lVoolwich with a cast-steel gun from the foundry of'Herr Krupp, at Essen, on the: Rhine, took place with a charge of 25 lb. of powder and a projectile of very peculiar shape (Lancastercone probably) weighing 2591b. (Q); that the gun, having been only calculated for a 681b. ball, burst; this result was attribated to the excessive charge, to the shape of the projectile, and to a peculiar casing, which had been applied to the gun on the outside. It wvas mentioned at the same time, that in the trials made by General Morin, at Vincennes, the bore of the gun had remained uninjured after 2,000 rounds. It will be of interest to some of your readers to know, that the investigation into the fraud attempted to be committed here with the Uranios Palimpsest has ended in Simonides' being released from confinement, and handed over to the police, who have doubtless conveyed him over the frontier, The legal authorities discovered on investigation that however fraudulent the manufacturer of th6 palimpsest had been (in Leipsic), Simonides had neither committed nor attempted any fraud upon any Prussian subject, or in Prussia. The real culprit as regards the attempt at fraud is a Saxon subject, but the attempt itself was made in Berlin; there is therefore no judicial forum before which the case can be tried. There are but very few men- capable of pronoumcing the palimpsest a forgery on the internal evidence of the contents of the pretended 'Uranios MIS. (Professor Lepsius, however, did so after due examination); but a. slight acquaintance with palimpsests in general would suffice to show this one not to be genuine on certain external and, so to speak, mechanical evidence; while as regards moral culpability, with reference to the attempt at selling it, the papers seized at Simonides' abode go very far to fix the real culprit.. The professional manufacturer of manuscripts of course is not here meant; anything coming from him directwouldhave been treated here with the greatest possible suspicion, and have been regardedprimA facie as a forgery. The Kreutz Zeitunizg of this evening publishes a long article on the subject of the Potsdam despatch theft, in which excessive stress is laid upon the fact that General Gerlach and Herr Niebuhr have made great exertions to have the theft investigated. This is perfectly credible. Nothing is more natural than that men who have been robbed should be ayxious for the detection and punishment of the thieves and their abettors. What is much more to the point is mentioned incidentally, that the report upon the Prince of Prussia was sent to General von Gerlach without his privity, and still less without his, the General's, having in any way commissioned the man to address him on the subject. Let us endeavour to hope and believe it. THE BALTIC. The Ild6pendaicwe Belge publishes the following letter, dated Mamburg, 19th inst.:- " The vanguard squadron sent by the English Government into the Baltic is still stationed in the Sweedish porz of Faro-suand. Tliree of its ships, however, lately visited ths gulf of Elgsnabben, which last year served at one time as a place of refuge to the third division of the English fleet, commanded by Rear-Admiral Baynes. A great number of Russian vessels continue to trade along the coast of Courland, and the English squadron has hitherto made no attempt to prevent them. It is to be hoped that the ships of war will maintain the same pacific attitude until their return to England. The frigate Amphion, of 34 gans, which sailed from Sheerness to join the force. under the orders of Commodore Watson, has not yet been able to reach the bay of KieL This vessel on entering the Great Belt encountered the dreadful storms which raged of late on the coast of the Danish islands, occasioning the loss of so miany merchant men, and was unable to proceed on her voyage. It was ev;n reported at Kiel that she had ran aground and could not Is got off. The Copenhagen and Roeskilde Railway is to to opened to publictraffic in the course of this month. It will spare travelers repairing from the continent to the capital of Demnark the passage of the Little Belt, which is generally so distressing and fatiguing. The sea journey wil be reduced to about six hours, so that persons lea'siag Hamburg by the Kiel Railway in the morning, may expect to arrive at Copenhagen in about 12 hours. The assei-ably of the notable electors of the Dachy of Laaen'ierg unanimously Proclaimed Count Kielmansegge their representative in the Supreme Council sitting at Copenlhagen. M. de Kielmansegge succeeds in that Assembly Count de ReventlowCriminil, former Minister for Holstein in the Oerstedt Cabinet, who dechinedaccepting the mission offered to him by thoelectors of Lauenburg." ITALY.- A letter from Genoa, of the 23d instant, states that the creation of a permanent Board of Admiralty in Piedmont was the forerunner of the removal of the naval administration, the arsenal, and the dockyards to the Spezzia, an important station, of which Napoleon I. intended to make the Toulon of. Italy. M. de Ca-vour, it appears, has received in Paris advantageous propositions relative to the conversion of the Darsena into docks. This Darsena is the arsenal, out of which cleared the fleets of galleys that planted the flag of St. George in the Levant, at Balaklava, in the Black Sea, and erected in the capital of the Greek. Emperors the fortified Genoese city of Galata. It is now a very indifferent place of armament, for since then Louis XV. foumded Toulon, and the Grand Masters of the Order of Malta established themselves at the port of Valetta, which was given to them by Charles V. The Spezzia has no pretension to rival those military ports, for, in order to fortify it, to surround with ramparts its fine harbours, to construct quays, wharves, stores, and dock yards, it would require an outlay of a thousand millions of francs. The best of the five porbs, that of Varignano, will alone be turned to account. In the mean time it will serve as a lazaretto for the Crimean expeditionary corps, wbich must soon return to Piedmont. The Director of the Board of Health has been ordered to fit up the Castle of Varignano as a hospital. All vefsels arriving from the Black Sea and the Levant ae to undergo a quarantine of five days, and, if tha?te be any sick on board, they will have to remaia a fortnight a. the Spezzia. The epidemic of 1IA is not forgotten at Genoa, and the Administratiop is determine.Sthis time not to be taken unawares. The Great Britain was to retlirn in the course of the week froa Malta, to embark the 3d Regiment of the Legion of General Read. All the recruitiu offices had been closed. The American squadron was still lying a; Genoa. A letter from Rome, of the 20th, in the lisivers, says:- "Sinc'e the lClh little has been talked of hore but tbe. birth of tbo I'rnn(e ImpexiAl of Fraroe, thlo ngwg of wWjcbL eached this city' About 10 in the morning. The tele graphic despatoh announc!DX the event was, it is said, signed by the Emperorhimself, and esmcluded by requesting the Ap3. tolic benediction. It w3 xddremed personally to the PopeAt the moment when it strived, his Holinem was at St. Peter's, performsing Divine service, and it was during the siinging that it was delivered to Cardinal Antonelli. The news soon spread abroad, particularly among the Yrench soldiers, who flocL-e to the church in crowds.. The Pope immediately sent his co'gratulations adb his benediction I& the Emperor,. by the teloraph. A great number of Frenci and also of foreign resients went to the Jrzench embassy, and inscribed their names;, Prince lucien Ebnaparte, Pri. vate Chamberlain to tho PoSe, arrived here on She 15th. It is said that, after he has been ordained1 priest 167 the Pope, he will return to Paris, where he will perh2qs take an active and official part in the ceremony of the bapp0am" SPAIN. (FoR oiU OWN CORIZMoDENT.) MADRID, fARCI 21 The Progressista Deputies will meet again aVi 8 this evening at the congress to discuss the proposa?& submaitted to themby their commfttee respecting the. best way of giving the Governmert the amount required to supply the hiatus caused in the budget by the abolition of the gate and excise duties. It is expected that a' plan will be definitively adopted to-niglht, and will be submitted to the Duke de Ia Victoria to-morrow. I am told that it will not - be essentially different from what was announced in 'a previous letter, and will comprise an increase in the direct taxes, and the levying of an impost in money on the towns, &c., which were previously liale to pay gate or excise duties, b-at which imposts will not be snore than one-half the sum which they had to pay under those heads. There will be also a graduated duty on salaries and pensions, and a discount of 8 or 10 per cent. on the dividends of the home debt. It seems expected that if the Government be7 conlvinced of the eligibility and sufficiency of this plan, it will be adopted in place of that of Senor Santa Cru, though some think that the latter will refuse to abandon his own scheme, and his retirenent from the Ministry is spoken of. We have had two most beautiful days on Eoly Thursday and Friday, and the processions and ceremaonies of those days, which were expected to have been prevented taking place by the rains which had set in for some days previously, have gone off as usuaL The Queen and }ing Consort, after going through the usaal ceremonies within the palace on Thursday, washing the feet of, and serving dinner to, 24 old people of both sexes, visited the usual round of churches in the vicinity of the palace on foot and in grand procession, the Infante Don Francisco de Paula walkng behind them, with his two daughters, while Generals Espartero and O'Donnell accompanied them on either side. All the great officers of the household followed, and large detachments ofmilitaryandNational Guards closed up the rear. The streets through which they passed were aU lined with jroops and National Guards. The procession of Los lPasos took place yesterday (Good Friday), and their Majesties saw it pass by from a balcony of the Palace, underneath which an altar had been erected. The projected duel between Senor Rivero and Senor Sisto Camara was to have come off at Chamartin on Wednesday last, but was prevented by the timely interference of the police of that place, .who arrested both parties, and they were not re- leased until they had given assurances of not carrying the matter further. A journal states that the Infante Don Francisco cde Paula, father of the King Consort, and two of the Mlinisters, viz., General Zabala and Senor - Escosura, have been fined 500 reals each, by the Al calde of Madrid, for using their carriages at a later hour than that stated in his proclamation, which prohibited as usual the use of carriages in the streets of Madrid from 10 o'clock of the morning of Holv Thursday to the same hour of Saturday. The Three per Cents. were done at the Bolsa today at' 40.5 to 40; and the Deferred at 24.75. The next three days are holydays at the Bolsa. ELT,CTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATCHES. (FROM OUR owN COoRRSSPONDRSTS.) SOUTHIAMPTON, TnuSD,nAy MOnorG. Arrived.-Elizabeth, from Middlestone; Express, steamer, from Jersey. Sailed.-Washington, for New York; Alliance, steamer, for Havre; Le Coq and Georges, for Cherbourg; Wonder, steamer, and Crapaud, for Jersey; Duke of Cornwall, steamer, for London. Windi E. LrvmPOO, Tnu.sDAY MrON-wcG. Off.-Arabian, from Bombay; Guatemala Packet, from Guatemala; Black Swan, Agamemnon, and Leona, from INew Orleans; Montezama, from Mobile; Bridgewater, from New York; Onward, from Sierra Leone; Rosalie, from Buenos Ayres. Sailed--Black Eagle, for Bombay; Sea Bell, for New. Orleans; American Union, for Tew York; Earl of Derby, for Corstantinople. (BY SUMARm- AN,D BRIu1SH TELEGRAPrL) GRAVSEND;-TiruRSDAY, 10.0 A.M. Wind East, strong; tide last hour's ebb. Arrived.-Anna Margaretha, from Tonning. Sailed.-Chanticleer, for Newfoundland; City of Quebec, fpr Montreal; Great Britain, for Montreal. STOCK EXCHITGE. THURSDAY MORNxG, U O'Caos:. Consols for Money ... ... 92- to 92Consols for Account (April 10) ... 92' to 923 Consols Scrip ... ... 2 to 2 pm. Exchequer Scrip ... ... 2 to 2* pm.
FRANCE. [The following appeared in our second edition of yes. terdav:--l (FRoM OUR oWN wOUREoMMMMI pARIS, TuESDAY, EM&ncu 25, 6 r.}L Yesterday the Congress held its twelfth meeting at the Ministry of Foreign Affairs. The particular business that was gone through I am unable to say. What was not done, however, may be guessed from the fact that no conclusion has been arrived at yet, meaning, of course, by " conclusion" the signing of the treaty of peace. I fear we are not yet arTived at that point, though it is hoped we may do so in the course, or rather at the close, of the week. The difficulty stiU in the way 'is -the one alluded to in my letter of Sunday; it turns on the terms upon which Prussia will be admitted to sign the treaty. I do not think there is any other difflculty of a serious kind, as the more important points have been already settled. I have no particular reason for saving so, but I am inclined to think that the chief opposition to admitting Prussia on a. footing of equality with the alies comes fronm England. It is evident that Russia would be much pleased to have Prussia in the Congress on the same footing as the other Powers, as she hopes that if it were brought about by her influence she would recover her prestige in Gernmany, andl attach Prussia to her more firmly than ever. Besides, she eonsiders she owes a debt of gratitrLde to Prussia for fidelity to her throughout. I am aware tbAt here the point is not considered as o(, of importance-certainly not imaportant enough lto retard the great work of peae~, or compel us to retain our immense force in the Crimea. The diffevley may be viewed in another liU t elsewhere, but, whatever be the importance it rely deserves, it suficos to retard the solution all so earnestly desie. 'e term of the armistace is ravidly approaching and somethin. must be knowan m the course of-the present weel. The Patie says,- " It is affinned that the sab-committee appointed to aaw up the text of the treaty of peace has not yet beer, able, notwithstnding all its exertions, to terminate its task. It is probable that the exarmination and approba:I'on of this important document will necessitate several ioeetings of the Congress; but the general belief is that it ean be signed and made public before the 31stof March, a:idth#t' vonsequeutly~ !it armiStie ,ed neQt be xenewed,'
* HB CAPE OF GOOD HUOPE. . We 1ave rD,Oeiived files of papers from Cape Town to the 8th of Jiiuaary inclusive. Everything if 'om.' on satilfactoriIy in the Tlhe Cape et¢V &U;iz of the 8th of January says "Our intelligewtwsfro& bhyona 'he borders has now for a long time been conflaed to -o±b of p¢,&ce, with scarxly an indication of trouble 6 dis6o? t, This, we trust, f? J Atich the effect of justS6and kkiae& as of force, thonghi force is present, and re.dyf ts rnrbs commotion at any
BSTAFF4OBBID . TO TBE EDITOR OF THr ?=4, Sir,- , Lord Lichiield~ists in sflittisg dria in order t> prove that I a.'-'ery m0 a.n,rad illinformed neraon, I am compcied to atilafesm words on tbe personal poir~ of thicsqjcesterAOf i staff-jobbing, ar illustrated bF the case- of lCaf ain Aknson. Lord Lichfi&, in his first letttr to youw,. appewa to have been aemdentally betraycdlinto t'error-o£ atating that his bisother had been ordered homec fiorvi the Crimea in Jiame, 1855, on gettib! his primotion into another battsL;on. This errorhierepeatv-in-his letter of this day,. notithstanding -,Aiiiat his brotlier; behieving the errosr to be mine, denotuced it a#>oncinhis letterto yoi oi Saturday last. Why Cathin A,ion was ordered home in June, iS% I iow: not, nor does it at all signify; but it ii very clbar that, as the Anrm1y liWhows him not tohliave-been, prooted till July, D855, he could iset; asLord' MLich=eld re-asserts, ha'm been ordered homne ou-promotion a month previbuily. I am sorry to be obligeifurtherto pointmt'toLord; LichfLeld that he accidentally-I am sar--states what is not the case whem]se accuses me ofl hiaving, said that Captain Ansoiwas not presentatzthfiii't; attack on the Redan. I observed that " about! the time Captain Anson appearedto have been ordecr4d home" the regiment to which :he belonged, its second battalion especially, was in a lamentably weak state as to its-officers ; and I said that I had: not supposed it possible that at sucd a period, when' neither of the attacks on the Redan had taken pihaee, the military authorities would have .eakenedit- still more by " ordering" home ene of its captains. I was especially cautious as to what I wrote-,. because I was struck. by the conflicting statements of Lord Lichfield andthe Army List as to the date of his brother's pro-- motion. I was inclined at frst to give his Lordship's statementthe preference,;. but I did not db so andTif I had done so, I should have done wrong. But that Captain Anson was not present at the first attack upon the Redan I dii not say, although I- might well have imagined, from Lord Lichfield's. erroneous statement, that he -was not. I must adhexe to my impression,,notwithstanding what Lord Lichfield and Captain Anson may say tothe contrary, that when a captain serving in Burmah exchanges with a captain servincg at Aldershott, in order that the latter may qualify himselrf to join the Staffof the Commander-in-Chief in India, the unnecessary and circuitoustransaction cannot- beeffected without more cost to the cointry than if anofficer already in India had been, as he ought tohave been, placed on the Commander-in-Chief's; Staff. It must, of course, be a matter of opinion whether- at the beginning of January of this year theprospects of peace were so clear as to jutstify an officer whose regiment was in the Crimea in exchangingr into areolment in India. Theofact of the officerso excchanging being at the dep6t of his battalion at' home does not in any degree alter the case, as. he' would, of course, had the war continued, have had to rejoin the service companies of his battalon as soon as a draught from E ngland was reqluired. My opinion is, that such an exchanlgewas unjustifiable,. and ought not to have been allowred; but, if Lord Lichfield is of a contrary opinion, I wilt not presume to combat it. His Lordship further accuses me of ivIlfully-misrepresenting the nature of personal Staf appointments. He recognizes the importance of- the dluties devolving on the general Staf, but pleads that those of the personal Staff are comparatively insignficant, illustrating his argument by observing that " to survey the roads and country for the march of a division is surely a different thing fiom merely conveying the General's order for that division to march*" I am very glad that Lord Lichfield has raised this point; nothing but good can come froin its- discussion. In the armies of all other nations it is. considered desirable to attach to the persons of their Generals a certain number of officers in the' prime of life, healthy and active, and not only good riders, endowed with acute sight and quick hearing but also highly educated men, conversant with every branch of the military profession; and, in order to semure and reward the services of such men, higher pay and position than those which fall to the' lot of their less skilled and accomplished regimental brethren are most jusfly awarded to them. But in our service, according to Lord Uichfield, the personal Staff of a General are required to be nothing more than active galopims, able to carry and deliver messages with speed and courage. If such be the case, it may well be asked why their pay and promotion should exceed so enormously that of their regimental brethren. In the I'leill-Tulloch Report, page 128, Captain Forman, commanding the right wing of the Rifle Brigade, "rememnbers on one occasion spending -with his company six nights out of nine in the trenches. At that time they were in a bad state, being either muddy or frozen." At such work Captain Forman remained until he perished before SebastopoL During all that time, a number of his brother captains, who had sufficient interest to get placed on* the Staff as Aides-de-Camp-sleeping every night in their beds, escaping the dreadful trench work altogether, and dining attheir General's tables-were nevertheless receiving far higher pay than poor Forman, and were certain of earlier promotion, not because they were better or braver officers than he, but simply becamue, like Captain Anson, they were "somebody's nephews," and, consequently, on the Staff. If the duties of thepersonal Staffare reallyso unimportant, it is clear that the officers selected for it sholuld enjoy no preference of pay or promotion over the more hardly-worked regimental officers; 1 if, on the contrary, they are of the very highest importance, as I believe them, when faithfully and ably discharged-as they were by Major Teesdale at Kars,-to be, then let such appointments be assigned, as they are in other armies, to the ablest and most exeperienced offlcers we have, as fit re-, wards for successful study and good service. I am now well satisfied to leave this controversy where it is, if Lord Lichfield- pleases. Eis Lordship sums up by observing that- " He trusts he has proved tosthe satisfaction of imparti31 persons that an appointment liable to no rmsonablc obiction whatever has been distozted, by a perversion of facts, into a shameful job, and that. General Anson, in salecting an officer to serve him upoen his personal'staff, has.acted with fairness and propriety in choosing one who.is.(notwithstanding he happens to-be the General's nephaw),, from his activity, zeal, and creditable conduct before 4he.enemy,. well fitted to fulfil with efflcisey the duties reqairwd of thuAID.C. of a General offiv2e'" According to Lon.- lichfield's estinzMet of£- tdo: duties to be performed by the A.D.C. a1ta,.General officer there, can bha little doubt ehat. Caj_ain, Anson will disdiaigo them suffliciently-weUl; ksqti I again ask whetben -ilere were no deser*ing Qmeen!x officers in BritisLh.fi on whom thseappoi menPt might as worthijy, and more juistly l%,ve bRen, coaferred?? His LYprdslilp is surely *aut- qliik candid when he tal]omot Captain Anson "-hf,ppevig"' to be General Anszo isepliew ! Does he,wish to imply that Genesia'ns, seeldng for, tie moet deserving young offieor*hkF eovld find 6-A whom to confer the post stwablQd;by accident Oyer his own nephew ? Does 13awis'i us-to suppose. Tiat if Captain Anson had xwt. bween General Anason's nephew he would haves sent. so far to fetchl iim ? If so, Lord Liohfield cerka,;ly does not practiso the fairness anid candour of -which he requires such an exact measure from pVX.io -writers. I am, Sir, yGour obedient servant, - A T:Axalzi5R. THE CHuyt,e-RiTs QUESTIox.-A few montlis ago we had ocr,asion to stato that church-rates were virtually abolished in theo Lrge tonms of Northuumberlaud and Dars. bam by t'lose vestries that were open to the parishio a-; for somad of the vestrie3 are ruled by ancient select vi-trses self-r;octed. Tho Disseuters ate now carrying thP r opera t;,O,s into tha raral districts, aud whore the 'questiois raised the&farntiers mostly backthem. At Wtlsend aud at other placea this Easter, after itoriay incct;irgs, qhurc4-rate3 have been negatived.
!PE BtIISOHI -' BANGOR AND MB. R.IS. The foliowing is the p,,ttion referred to iii tr article on this disDite : i TO THE RIGwT PRV. 'tHe 1,01W biZUIOP OF RA?aGOtt; " Tle petition of the vijeetsigtId clerg ind n mrblrs of tho establi3hed church in She dioeses of Ringor Sh.rweth;'- "That your petitioners a-e, tijfch e-erned toW *;Se the continued mstrangement atlie s£A_fhe 'pe:ple frm the church of Etland.e "Your petitionera are persuiIa?dliSt E ..f ffi e siralBZenen is in a great degree the result off jitd inb ,itntrimmber of Kvices provided for the pirituAe hsh of *he popea iiz CM7 of our churches on the Lorci5di-, yith4th tifa fryGM any' deced objection to the tenets if tie chW4t o land. " YAi1"petiMk have several of t1dnie proit~ th't building oF' xlew efi.rches in many pc4diis loLsm i the restomoibn. at enailgement of o with a viewsftboafi every facility forbt pepbleu foderi the serviceseltle'livo'ihon the Tord's-6ry;. and tlite ai eel most andbtwfbr II,, efficiency of they chrch out the diocesw "Yet it is WA:Pdhepft regret that youls! sIi pc'. titioners are co 6i1ed1iy a *ense of duty !'%- awbwl their 1,behlef that in nt&neJtte 5tnces. only oexvAvice aAL ie on is provid idi' ih7tee churches W-Ui;; oDh-tYl :gunld of ppulatio! s2#rd hne, two service;Ai lby. ]aw blj enforced. " ^Your petitioners el'!*3eely point out ziat^:Uneew o5 auic nelct, but xeffibi frsnu any mentii!wor indi. wRkdmlS; respectfully attxiiiig is repiesentaf& *tyou; Ccrdhijp, intle confidenth6etli4an inquiry niiexInstf. tUtUiito the truth of thk st>nteqts, and, if fitccu* rat. tl?atYlOur Lordskhip m!A'heWs, as by law er"vdi.ed b -remedy the evils here rtipres-csd, in order ti*hl-t iremove ao just a cause of 6.Vee:to- many earnegt nAided' 1mreni atid to promote the grcvtH.fT:rf i&ious trath *cgh ,theixmturcentalityof the idi*chE as esahb1ihed .:4th*i oountvj uthe diocess of BMmw6r.' "W. O.'Sr. &LP. ' ' ~~-" Ilt Wn if Ug J~LEy 3L - "F. ]EL TA-;M "Aua. E. F'1fl,wn IIEICK. "0. F. "JW. W. I½ ILPws. " D3. Owm=S"CHALES WV . W Mthl ehtUieds of other layanen 3ridn1ove 20 clergy. - men."'
TO,THH.iND.rOB OF THE TIMES.'>. Sir,-Your excellent remafrks as to the County. Courts will meet-withlthe axserzt;ofevery one who has had any experience indegaatters, aud I trast you will follow up the subject by showing. how- greatly the nsefuiness of these Courts-might be-increased;by embracing many of the natters which can n*w be tni only into the much-dreadel Court of, GhaccryB W.hy shoeld thero not bsa equity as weUl as a iaw side of tho m:utyCort?:TalI, for example, the appointmeitt of newv trustees nndec'wiIls and settlements, disputed qnerionsas-to -heirshis dnex4i of kin, partitions of .esttes *f mall value, .the enforcing: agree3ents for purchaes or leases, injunctions -to a moderate extent, &c., subject to an appeal.toa hi&r C6urb?oasecwuity for costs being giveh These-matters, and zany otRersof alikenature, mustnow be taken into-the {outof cery at a great expense and delay, whereas they migit . be quite as well disposed of t once-by the-able judges of -lie County Courts at a quter o the cost. Such a ceursminiat -ender necessary the appointmentof-anadditional jidga-in someof the courts or ab least an increase to -thessliries.of the present judges, bi; that would'be a triiM compea' with the advantage to be obtaihod, and couldbo psi%out of the increased amnount of fres. If youthinlc.these olkerrtixs worthy of your *ttentiorxt, please to give them, insorkior, or embody-them -in one ef your ablb-artioles.. l[am. disatly yours, El. J.- . . VJAPUmMi-MA=Iry-D- -
TO -THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Youhlvc given "iS T. IL" a column in your paper, just 27inches in lengphs wherein he disports himself upoD medical legislstion.; will-yok lindly grant a general practitioner of. medicine and- surgery a brief column, only si inches in. length, that;he:e may state what tho professionL really do want ? L They-want-to see-the-standard of medical education kept.up-to the requirementssogthe times. . Theywish;to seeamedicalParliament that can manage their-iffairs. Tdiis-is.providod for ill hr. HeafdlamnsbilL 3. BDoth the public and the-profession require sound protection from tlie iinpositibns of unqualified pretenders This is not provided:for in St. Hbadlan's bill. There is one other subject. that I may allude to. This projected bill; ignores the eaDmining powers of the Society of Apothecaries. This is unjust; for it is those veiy men who have done so much to raise the status of medical educacation. The betler planLwould be to admit a certain nuumber of them, for a term of-years, tothis new board of mixed e-xaminers, which is to consist of physicians and surgeons. They would teach them much of their experience. I am, Sir, your obedient senrant. 1W. x S. Favershain, March, 1856.
Dsrrmuzs;. AT T-BS Cowmms= (Amidp.-Wa, reg et to. announce- that. a somewhat serious disturbance has taken. place. among a nnuber of soldiers of the militia and- line re"iments in. garrison, and whic:h it was at one. time feared would- result in the most disastrbus consequences. It is- state& that some unpleasant reflections were- cast upon. the SBth (Connaught Rangers), on theirr march into. the, c=p, by, some o the militiansen, and which-speedily zaised7 the indignation of the 88th. In the evening a. row took pliace, in the street between Iha.. 88th, who were the most port Irishmen, and the Esjez Rifles, when broksn.heads.and bloody noses were the result, and six men- of the 8th and three of the Rifles were talken into hospitaL It appeirs that about 7 o'clockCoa. Thursday morning . man ef- the 88th wandered by mistake into a hut of the- Rifles to3 boil his kettle, when he was e3ected withoute ceremony, and the comrades of each weraL speedily p-iM ams; a regular row ensued, in the coursa of which- stones were- thrGwn, aud heads and windows broken. Some of the, men of the 11th Regiment, salliedF forth. to the assistance- of tite 88th against the Essex ,ifles, although thes best understanding had pfevioasly. existed between-them, as.many oEthe Rifles had voluntered to-tha.. ranks of the 1lths and a fgsht took place, which bsi-eilsoma little time, notwithstaing the efforts of Coloncrl Herbert, the Adjtant.eneral, anc3 the officers in camp tsub,due it. TFhe delinonents weretakeninto arrest, and the 5njgsriedm sent intolspital.. Itwas reported a rifleman was ldlled but tha£.is- untrue. Tbsllth iRegirnen and fEcsex Rifles were afterwards'ordered to form in sqnare by Veneral Gascoignej who,-weundnertand,severelycensuredt'imnen.of eachk re emont-vho-acltakercpart aginstthe88th. Hp,.however, beved tho afSay originated in the ioug-1esEress of a. number-of-young maeuofthe twoV regients, rAdiot:viththaa. oldsoldiers, who.tookr-opart init. double ahairrof sentries. has been-pested-round the huts of the bell,ezent regiments to prevent all oosnieation betweeen thcriF. aud. they. are orderedto remaa in camp until fi,arther c3 Ts. Xhe affair. has occasioned. censiderable excitement in camaP. anud much talk in tho town- W6-are happy to s'-.ate thate t6. West. Essex-and-West Sdb5k Regiments wis-2sytook- nc,pa# irn theoffxay. Serv of the East Norfola egim ent * are s3id to bh-iz ii Sinae- the stone-throwsi& affair- bawqeu the. regularmandimi:i&s camn, on Thn.ray, we re3mt.toi say. severaliother skirm3shes of a minor -atur: ha4we ocpniredi between,son oof'them, so as to .callibth.the v.atchful -care,, of the miEitauy athorities to sti:,S them.. The keerv Rifles an) tha. 1th depOt were 9i3ned to. b=r acka. thiu Saturday eyeuing, when they we-relcased, -gd h vex since. eiinced a peaeuldisposition, >^h- it is. smcereIy]iopedk 3Aay contitLe-Essex Hcrrul. : pI-SENC}Z OF %V .-(OMand ; a v.,ni,rt n,mouA half-pastadclockX a Hansomcab, with e pirittd mare in the s=alts, was left for a. winute o:- so- ste!rdingt near Temple-bar, while the dewi aaitended. k.somovgpexAbusi1 ness. In an instant after toeman h-4 left 'h.-hWad GE the horse the animal bolted ji fuU 'sp Q,tow.irjhj,ucgate-kin. Upon hei reaching the vsrner of li.dge.sr;eei, cles by the plr letter-box, a yo70g man n,4med Zederick Cook, wlie has for some years biH aCcuste.eAd- t% hooses, perceiving v woollen rug hanginl aver the b.ck o£ the seat, immediately seizedit, and by a 'jsperate s.war. ained the scat, and then. clutching the re4% wnich laing o9er the iron guide in front of the vehicle, succeeae;a iu 4iApping tite animal by the Belle Sauvate.yard, alt6ough it was rushing along at a terrific rate, an" must la. ftew rminutes have been shattered to. -pieces. COIk .Vas liberally rewarded by thle cabman for his intrepidity.. uA DM vereent±The Four Cheapest Boolrs i4 tst World --nglishwoman's Domestic mlagazin. vole.3, 2. 3S And, 4, ae n °alreprinted, andcaubepurchasedat auy booseelr'an l tbe Pui~Akinqdom. Each volumOooutainS SC0 DiuIns of most luereit- i and useful matter-viz., Talcs-iiographlcal Sketcbess-1ella. neous Articles-Prize Compositions-Poetry-Laos3 FauncytWal Elm. broidery, Application Bead.-workIBook-.harkem. Ifaidill, C-obettbo lFaelsious-ooksgPiu, kuiligandPrescrvinFl-Ts Sick.ro Nurse Things Worth ISnowing-Tbe Toilette. There are also auwi than9Cll ilustratins by BirkeSt oster. Jolm Gilbert, . Mc Itr . hL Dear, and Julianorych Tbe -Englisihwomen'sDom-eatlehilaina i%spub. lished in monthly twopenvy numbers andI balf-ceewn annual ql4o,UU,C and, either bought asa monthly perlodical Or wi 4 cOmllete bo_0 s, tbo heat susdclhcat est ._^a inejntho *r ald. ~Avy olum a li wiU be sent, 3ot fre% Ity the pubUliertll 9; l ;, Terie-st'OL1u,
SOCIBTY OF BRTTISH ARTISTS There ia no digusing the fact that, as exhibitions become more frequent and exhibitors more numeroua, our picture -gaHleries become weaker in ftfioeght 'and harder in feeling, trickier and shallower, more gaudy in effect, and lea interesting in reality. 1t is necessary to protest against the evil inl time, as the walls of our exhibitions are gradually Spproacbing the character of rooms hung 'with French paper, in which we find the same brilliant daub repeated in every square foot, scores of queer-looking peacoc3s standing each cn one everlasting leg and bending their heads under the same bit of trelli&work, naked Cupids Perpetually giggling from behind flower vases, and vases filled with myriads of imponsible flowers. 'Thi& incessant repetition is bad enough, even if the pictures are good enough; but the necessity of maing up an exhibition,leaves little room for selection; quantity takes the place 'of quality, and the piblic have the pleasure- of gazing, not simply at monotony, but at the monotony of weakness and error. In the gailery of the Society of British -Artists Just opened there is a bl,A of mediocrity; 'tbere are a few good pictures that 'are worthy of especial notice, but even of these one is tempted to Ispeakl disrespectfully after counting the numnber of 'times they are repeated in every essential point all over the gallery. Suppose that we praise the Italian boys of Mr. fluristone, the President,'wFhy must we have the same Italian boys in all sorts of disguises in half-a-dozen pictures and in half-ahnndred exhibitions ? Suppose that we praise the 'nude women of Mr. loolmer-must we have 'nothing but beautiful women -taldng off rich -drew"es in ever the same attitude? I n one picture ,we find a lady ta;ing off a bright red dress in a way in *hich one cannot help thinking that bright red 'ball dresses are never taken off-and this is styled "Returm from the BalL" In the next room 'we find precisely the same picture painted in a different key of )Dolour -there is a yellow robe dropping to the ground-there is the same richness of effect; the only real difference of -drawing is that the left liand is turned ungracefully out, and that there is a horse in the distance - and this hasthe more ambitioustitle of "IIady GoZiva." The two paintings should be plaoed as itear to each other aais convenient; they are contrasted studies of flesh tints, and, aS such, are worth looking at; but it is absurd to present them as separate pictures. It would be unfair to attach this blame of snonotony to the Society of British Artists alone. The fact is that all our exhibitions, and especially the minor ones, require weeding. Here we have 40o artists, with more than double that number of pictures. As there have not been 400painteri of note since the world began, it is but natural to con'elude that the vast majority of the present exhi'bitors belong to the feeble class, a considerable number to the "forcible feeble," and very few to the rely forcible. -This exhibition is chieiy excellent in colour. The 'drawmg, aS a general rule, is faulty, and the expressioii isalmost always feeble or utterly wrong; but :the colouring is for the most part effective, and is often delicate and true. Those who exhibit in these rooms, indeed, have little ambition to be expressive, and are anything but pedantic as to form. In the "Venus and Cupid" of Salter we have a veryfair specimen of colour, while the Venus is dlmpy and the Cupid not.particularly eager. To the pieces of- Woolmer we have already referred with a reserved commnendation. His ladies unrobing- are very clever; "Dorothea" is rather skety and hackneyed; so is " Malvolio ;" the management of the lights from the hlmp and the fire in "The Castlebuilder" is singulaily happy, and the story well and simply lohd. "Christ in the Wilderness" is a palp. able blunder, our Saviour being painted like any wayside beggar. The pictures of the President, Mfr. Hurlstone, are more equal in point of merit, although they are less varied in point of sub*ect. His best picture is the " Tenants of the Porum Romanum in the Nineteenth Century," where, strange to say, it is the; dog that attracts one : most,-for these children we have seen ever so often, but the-dog i3 new to us, and is really well done. Portraitsby the same artist of the Hopwood family are also good; this, indeed, is one of the few pictures lately produced in which portraits of children *are grouped naturally. It is a representation of twbo sisters-the one plucking brambleberries, the other holding her pinafore to catch.them; and when. we have said that if in the colour of the younger child's face there were less appearance o of her having given way to a natural inclination for brambleberries it would be an advantage, we have nothing but praise to bestow. A portrait near it by Swinton is not so successful, although the name which is attached to i'-that of Sir John M'Neillat once fixes our attention. Apparently unwilling to resort to the conventional red curtain of portrait painters, the artist has surrounded the head with a 'ruddy atmosphere, that is rather startling and not very agreeable in effect, and helps to give a somewhat theatrical air to whatwould otherwise be a very remarkable head. Close to this, again, there is a pleasing-picture by skipp of "Cottage Pets,"' the girl looking very arch and'happy. On the opposite walt we are attracted to a p ieee entitled " False Security," by G. G. Bullock, in which, putting aside thie allegory, which we do not pretend to penetratie, the flesh colour of the sleeping figure is admnirable and the whole composition good, although ane may reasonably doubt whether mothers are in the habit of expressing anxiety with such a face as .lr. Bullock represents, and whether the mother before us has her hand raised to clasp her darling baby, or to slap that portion of the body which P said to constitute the difference between babies and herubs. A similar remark applies to a picture of the " Goldein Age," by F. Unnderill; it is well and carefully painted, but the action is absurd; the figures are not dancing,, or, if that was the style of dancing in the golden age,; all we can say is that in thoce days they must have been sady afflicted with rheumatism. We urge these objections in no spirit of levity. In all- seriousness, and with every desre to do justice to men who have devoted themselves to art, one cannot help astonishment at the evident blunders in action and in expression which they allow themselves to commit. .We do not refer to z,cua :- -he "Soldier's Widow" and the " UnSkilful Carver," where one is at a loss to know how such pictures got into the exhibition at all, but to. others which show some mastery of the pencil and some feeling for art. In the, works of J. Noble: there aresome good -bits of colour, and his pieces attract one long enough to invite an analyss. Take the two little ones on the mantelpiece of the southeast room-" Before and After the Ball." In the folmer where-does the.rightaruof that-lady in the middle come from? 1t come evidently from ulnder her ear. And, in the latter, the artist has. not scrupled to spoil what might have lbeen a fine countenance by means of the shadow. lhe principal figure here again is sitting before a fie; the light throws up a shado W arom her lip that destroys the contour of it, and so disperses a sbadow where the nose joins the forehead that the whole face is;distrted. Perhaps the best figure in the rooms is that' of Job in Mr. a. Rolt's picture of "Job lad his Friends." The position of the figure is good, his countenailce exPresive of patience severely triee, audtried by no small'sugferings. The patriarch seems scarcely to hear his friends or to endure their reflections as a part of his trouble. There are some good points, too, in the attitudes of his friends, and there is a severity in the colouring which separates the picture frau others in the exhibition quits as much as the representation of the grand old man does. It is pleasant to find this exception to the more serious pictures of the exhibition, which, as a, whole, do not promise much for the interesta of " high art." Magdalens without feeling and only an old book and a skull to mark them, widows withoat so1rOw and only crape and widows! caps to show what they are, youthi without life, and age without thought, are not edifyingsights. The representations of sacred subjects are almoat always pain- fttl to look at. I one we find the Virgin simpering like an Opera girl; in another St. John is napping; in one of Mlr. Woolmer's pictures we have said that our Saviour is painted aa a wayside beggar; in another he is a blind man, with a red beard; and in others he is just as basely represented. If we might point to the picture which for vigour of ex- presion appears to be the most promising in the e.chibition, it is one that is otherwse full of faults,. lby an artist who seemus to be young, and whose name' seems to be new. It is No. 10, " EavedOppers_ the Askings," by J. Campbel. A butcher's boy is offering his hand and fortune to a milkmaid in an outhouse, while an old man and boy lsten with great glee to the earnest colloquy. It is needless to point out the faultsof thispicture, leastof all the error-in the perspective;i but, putting aside all mecIianical difflculties, which it is to be hoped that Mr. T. XamapbeawiL.master in time, it is impossible not to notice the vigour and truthfulness of ecpressi6n, raro in this exhibition, which he has displayed in the pictulre. After all, the principal topic of the. exhibition- is landscape, and in landscape the principal subjects chosen are cloud and water. The meaning andcthe difficulty of this choice wi be evident. Its meaning is that in these subjects the artist has a greater scope for brilliant and varied colour, and for rapid and careles drawing. - Its difficulty is that of rendering the most evanescent phenomena of nature-waters that ripple and sparkle and break clouds that move and change and dimolve, skies veiled and unveiled, transparent and unfathomable. If it were worth while to point out the number of landscapes in this exhibition in which the' waters do not flow, in which the waves are curled as if with curlingtongs, in which the sea looks like dry land and -the waterspout like a tree, in which the sky bas the appearance of a cupola wita plaster of Paris fretwork, and in which snow is even less like snow than the reyresentations of winter which confectioners evo ve from suagar, we should occupy a considerable portion of our columns. But it is altogether. an unpleasant task to find fault, and we prefer to dwell on a few examples of merit. For the purer and more legitimate effects of colour one is tempted to go into the watercolour-room, and look at the fruit and the flowers-the flowers of MIr. Valentine Bartholomew and the fruit-piece of Mrs. iBXtholomew. Yet, without being unnatural, Mr.. J. B. Pyne contributes some rather good specimens of sunset effects, and contrasts their glow and brilliance with the glow of sky and water under the more gloomy illumination of volcanic eruptions. Is- "YVenice from the Lido?' is his moat pleasing effort; and the general effect of another sunset, "hlong Shore," in which he starts with pure whito as his highest light, is also verystriking. It is worth while to compare the wrarm yellow of this effect with the colder yellow of another by a different artist,-via., Mr. J. D)anby, in the next room. The very opposite in point of subject and treatment are the works of Mr. W. Wlest. MIr. Pyne paints fire and air; Mr. West the other two elements. Mr. Pyne's pictures arwe olden; Mr. West takes the complementary colour, or one at least that suggests it, and delights in the peculiar purply effect of the upper lias rocks. Perhaps his best picture is that of " Caves in the Lias," which, however, is wanting in atmoaphere, and is therefore a little too sharp in outline, as well as wanting in a certain sense of magnitude, which due attention to aerial perspective could alone produce. Otherwise the painting is well worthy of notice as a careful study of rocks, - and for the cold, bleak aspect, which the artist has contrived to give to them. Somewhat between these two in style is Mr. Alfred Clint, the secretary ot the society, who displays probably more versatility than any other artist in the rooms in his choice of subject. Zeitter is sketchy and effective as usual, although we must confess that these cloudy pictures, in which all is rather suggested than clearly told, are not to our taste. 3. J. Wilson has some sea pieces, which are, without exception, the best representations of sea in commotion in the rooms. " The Welsh Valley" of Boddington is deserving 6f notice, and some of the Eighland sketches of (G. Cole have also considerable merit, and would have still more if they did not remind one of the dictum of Johnson -" Sir, when you have seen one green field, you have seen eli green fields." This is not true of nature, but it is too often true of the nature repre-. sented in Landscape painting.
NA YAL AND MIhITARY INTELLIaBNCE. Rear-Admiral R. L. Baynes, CB., hoisted his flag (blue at the mizen) yesterday morning on board the Retribution, 28, paddle frigate, Captain Fisher, at Portsmouth, as second in command of the Baltic fleet. TheTartar, 21, Captain Dunlop, and the Desperate, 8, Commander R. D. White, left Spithead on Tuesday night to search forthe missing ship Pacific or her passengers. The Victor Emmanuel, 91, was docked yesterday at Ports. mouth, to proceed with her outfit and the shipment of her machinery. The Centaur, 6, paddle frigate, Captain W. J. Clifford, C.B., got up steam yesterday at Portsmouth, to try her engines, after refit, &e. The Devastation, 6, paddle sloop, Commander Marshall, went into Portsmouth harbour on Tuesday afternoon, to replenish coal prior to leaving for Sierra Leone and the Cape of Good Hope, with despatches. She takes out Commander Agnew to relieve Captain Nolloth in the command of the Frolic, 16, on the Cape station. The Urgent, 6, steam troopship, Commander Phillips, was undocked yesterday at Portsmouth after refitting. The Fox, 42, fitting as asteamstore transport, was masted yesterday, and will be moved to the steam basin shortly tP have her machinery fitted. The Victory, 104, Captain the Hon. J. E. Draummond, CB., set up lower yards and topmasts yesterday for the sunmmer months, and commenced firing the evening gun at 9 cn Tuesday night. The fleet at Spithead was exercised yeaterday in sending topgallantmasts and yards up and down, but very little shot practice has as yet been exhibited. The transport Baalbec, No. 89, went into Portsmouth harbour yesterday morning to discharge the stores before reported. The crew of the St. George, 120, Captain HarryEyres, in HaamoaZe, were inspected on Monday by Port-Admiral Sir W. Parker, prior to their leaving. Several have joined the screw steamship Ermouth, 90. All- those not selecting other ships are, in the expiration of their leave of absence, to join the Impregnable, at Plymouth, or any other guadship. The keel of the Pelorus, sister ship to the Satelite, was laid in No. 2 slip in the Devonport Dockyard on Tuesday. The paddlewbeel steamer Vesuvius has been removed to the outer basin in Woolwich Dockyard and. laid under the shears for the purpose of taldng in her supply of coals for sea. The Osprey, 850 tons register, another despatch gunboat, built at M1essrs. Fletcher's of Limehouse, has commenced the process gf fitment, &6., in Woolwich basim She is to be manned with 80 men, being the nsual complement of that class of vessels. Her armament wi be similar to that of the Intrepid-namely, two 68 and four 32 pounder guns, and two 24-pound brass howitzers. - The Onyx and Pert, from Melrs. Young's of Limehouse, are likewise under ftment at Woolwich. These vessels are all in o0bnmission, a nnd are to hegot reay with the utmost despatch. The Onyx and Brt are of 312 tons measurement each, and are t6 be manned 'with crews of 30 men. -The gunboat Traveller, built expressly to serve as tender to H:er laiesty, ship Colosses, likewise in commission, was yesterday mornipg taken uR by the shipwright departmtent in Woolwich Dock. yard. Hcxe.itw is to be composed of 36 men, and her armamnent wili:e similar to the ordinary class of gunboats. The Lively,.tbh Spider, the Bouncer, theE.HyensAhe Finn, and the Dasey, are to be fitted out at Deptford. Lieutenant Codringtoc hoisted his pennant onL board the gunboat Teveret yesterday mnorning in Woolwich basin, having beensi appointed to the command of that vesseL The hired transport Amherst is expected at Woolwich from the London Docks. She is ordered to take in from Wolowich Arsenal 50 tons of powder for Halifax. A boar of officers is ordered to asemble to-morrow at. Fort Pitt, for the purpose of examining 60 hospital orderlies belonging to the Medical Staff Corp, to ascertain their fit. news for hospital duties in the East. The bead-quarters of the Royal Sappers and Miners being permanently fixed at Brompton barracks, it is understood that a hospital on a small scale will be erected in the imme. diate vicinityof the huts andbarracks fortheir convenience. Owing to the intended enlargement of the garrison hospital not haing yet been carried out, a great many of the sick have been received into the General Hospital F'ort Pitt, the wards in the garison hospital being very fulL
THE AYEW GOVERNMENT OFFICES ZI PALL-MALL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TES. Sir,-A fatality really seems to attend all our Governmnent plans ; no sooner do they propose a really good idea than they immediately mar it. If they intend purchasing the ground from St. James's Park to Parhament-street for a concentration of Governnent offlices,whynot build thero the new War and Ordnance offices, using those in Pall-mall until the new ones can be prepared for them, and then either dispo3e of the Pall-mall buildings to help pay for the others, or make an exchange with those tenants in the park to whom so foolishly the leases were renewed a few years baek? Nothing really can be more necessary than to haYe the Commander-in-Chief, Secretary of State for War, and the Ordnance all under one roof. T rrsnRrwzr n~ ONE WHO w SEE OME REALY USEFUL PUBLIC BUILDINGS. GRYSrA PAiCE.-0 , Sm-LWG DAY, Wednesday, YMarch 29.-Admissions on payment, 3,179; ditto, by aeasort tickets, 627; to.visitors, 3,706.
MONfTALEMBBBT- ON -THE- POLITICAL P FUT UE OF EN6GLAND. I The famous treatise w7hich first did honour to the Teutonic race was the work of a stranger. The historian who told their merits with a terse; eloquence was one of a people cosmopolitan and Imperial who aspired to be first of the nations of the earth. But in the pine forests of the North he had seen the appanition of a svage, like the strong man of Milton, shaking his invincible locks, and he pourtrayed its features with a vigour which is proof of his admiration. The work; of Tacitus wa such a masterpiece that criticaliave studied it for tracem of hidden satire and implied disparagement. of his countrymen. Ourmis happily a less invidious duty. 'Unlike our savage ancetors we are conscious of the compliment, and when we are pointed at as a model nation by a mn so ilustrious as the Count de Montalembert, so illustrious by his birth, his talents, and his virtues, we hail his testimony-without scruple or diffidence. At alt events, we discuss it from our own point of view only. To ius the judgment of foreigners is simply the judgment of posterity, and of so distinguished a foreigner the praises axe very precious. It is of no moment that we were not even aware that it was necesary for some one to utter a, word in our behalf. It appears, nevertheless, that we were' treated as monrbund, and that, without knowing it, we were on the point of being given over by the philosophical faculty. " Quce va devenir ZAngleterre ? se dewnde-t-0u partut sur le cOntiniinit." Our neighbours were expecting. our approaching dissolution, and shaking their heads without affectation of pity. They consider that our proceedings of late have been almost suicidal-that we have braved the laws; of political logic in a vain attempt to reconcile order and liberty; tradition and progress. It seems -we have been unconsciously victimized by halting liberals and conceited aristocrats, who hoped to escape despotism while repulsing therevolution; and that we are declining into the state of coma whieh is a consequence of such credulity. it is even hinted that we have ourselves msgivings as to our predicament; but to this we must demur. We are simply in the position of the patient who awoke, as he supposed, in his average state of health, and was disconcerted by finding the Collegeof Physicians at his bedside. As we perspire with apprehension at their ominous whispers, it is some consolation to hear one of them declare that the time is not yet come to measure us for our coffin. We are grateful to the man who kas ventured to express his convic- tion, even "pea sans tine certaine dWftfice," that his brethren were premature in condemning us to the undertaker. We are still more surely comforted when he gives his reasons for his opinion, and when we find them a scientific expression of our loose confidencea in our own sensations. Thank God we are not mistaken in supposing that our blood circulates and that our pulse is beating still. As for the other doctors, they were quacks. We remember how one of them was once present at a Westminster election and predicted a revolution as inevitable. We know that our normal state of effervescence is not an inflammatory crisis. We allow that we sometimes amuse ourselves with sinister auguries, and that we hold au granl jour la clinique de nes infirmit6s; but we also know that our periodical predictions of a catastrophe from occasional excitement orintervening torpor have been so far disappointed. We are grumblers like our sailors, but like our sailors we have never so much confidence in our ship as when the wincd is blowing freely. The same wind scatters the leaves of our vaunted oak to deposit at its roots the gerns of fertility. But we are none the less persuaded, as M. de Montalembert observes, that "Z6to ela a passe etpassem comnme uucplq,ie d'orage." For all our Crimean floundering, and notwithstanding even "les rmptes d'une premiere campane," we stil imagineourselves a great people. Possibly we may flatter ourselves, foolishly and in secret, as M. de Dlontalembert says we do, that we are the greatest people in existence. At least we are prouad that he should think we have good reasons for the conviction, and " that it only depends on ourselves to render them more satisfactory stilL" May we then look for these reasons in our resources or our prospects, in our possessions or our hopes 3' M. de Montalembert refers us to either indifferently, for he sees in the past the pledge of the future duly ratified and endorsed by thepresent. Again, shall we look for them in our institutions or in the habitudes of our race ? M. de Montalembert perceives that our institutions and habits naturally correspond, that they act and react upon each other, but he is not so clear -as to their indispensable union, as to the nature of their relation, or which of them would go first if we were draging our anchors. "I only," says he virtually, "takeaceount of combinations in esse, combinations which are ancient, but still unimpaired; and in these, whatever England's superficial defects or difficulties, I fancy I can discern a guarantee for its future." Look, he says; primarily at ourhappy indifference to logic. Though we have laid down or accepted a principle, we resist its clearest consequences if they. simply conduct us to Utopia or Tophet. We preserve to this day the terminology of the middle ages; and, asif we were still in the days of Elizabeti, we call our army-the Queen's forces, our chief tribunal-the Queen's Bench, the tranquillity of our streets-the Queen's peace; and even ourselves-her subjects and her faithful Commons. We leave to Royalty the prestige of power while we retain its substance, and we bend the knee deferentially without sacrificing our independence. On the other hand, in 11388, we ejected a dynasty, but we resisted the temptation to subvert a throne. With illogical sagacity we retained two opposingprinciples and escaped the subjection consequent upon the unlimited triumph of either. In the next place, our panegyrist maintains that our aristocracy is unequalled i the history of the world. Our system of party divides it into relays, and induces that competition which provides men of position to initiate or to lead the questions of future. Simultaneously it opens its ranks to young and vigorous elements; it absorbs talent while it rejects its superfluous cadets; it takes from while it reinforces the ranks of the Commons. It is not an order ora caste, but itn vhitable patriiat politiTue et national. It attaches little importance to equality of birth, and only obtains the woras mdsalliance and parvenu by adoption from another language. It retains its antique valour, as witness Balaldava, while it addg a zeal for soeial improvements, as witness Lords. Shaftesbury and Stanley. Nevertheless, the access to power and influence is easier now to men of capacity than it ever was elsewhere, and of this Mr. Iayard, by a strange misconception, is taken-for an evidence. "La reformeadmin.istrati-ve est daj& jugee danzs i'esprit de tot;s les hommes &Wair6s." The extension .of education has -mhappily created a crowd of aspirants for office; or, as Mr. Drunmond would say, " There are more pigs than teats ;" and this is. " le plsa grand peril de la societg Anglaise." A true administrative reforn will indeed throw open the door of admission to the military, naval, and diplomatic services, careers where the intervention of power is obligatory; but, on the other hand, it will repress: the multiplication of employments which simply allure the solicitors into a state of inordinate baseness. Happily there will still be sufficient legislative, administrative, and judicial functions to occupy, as they have ever done, the English aristocracy, in this particular wisely distin-, guished from the French. Our aristocracy, we are told, is a body which ramifies everywhere, but, some- what inconsistently with the foregoing, that it ex-,. cites no envy because- it has no special privileges.. It renounced its proprietary righta at a date sufficiently remote to leave it popular with its raral subordinates. It permits us to be proud of our past' and tolerant of our piesent. It has a reasonable influence with the yeomanry, an influence which-, it will not forfeit so long as their present relations are maintainable. And as the liberty of testamentary - disposition, coupled with settlements in favour of the heir, constituteits sheet anchors, so M. de Montalembert regards Mr. Locke King as its most dan-. gerous enemy. The territorial aristocracy, notwithstanding the Reform Bill, maintains its preponderance in Parliament, and, until the proportions of population are substantially changed and universal sufcage isof established by theipotency of the majority in the boroughls, MI. do Montalembert thinls that Parlia: ment will con tinue supreme. At this moment-it is; a more august spectacle in his eyes than the Pnyx of Athens or the Roman Forum, for it has been for 1,000 years the political and legislative sanctuary of a Chlristian nation, aud its greatestacquisition, " the I * Dc Avgetdir Politique de l'Ang?ce,7'c par lo mbne c Ifontalcrnbert. Paris: Didier. 1&56. liberty- of theo ubject," remains undispated. Ia iespect of this and of its other achievements, says thfe admiring critic, "lt, di; moins, la parok humaiw, ne era -poio t accmsEs de s4Eilit6 ct dfimpui.ssansc." It is, to hii taste, splendidly housed, sid it conports itself congenially. Its zdmirer is struck by the enviable simplicity of its discussionxs: - * "Chacun s' montre t4l qu'il et, e, chose plus rar, .¢hacun y prend facilement et rapidement Is place qux lui appartient legitimement, chacun y remplit la rOIe aaquel il cot IC mieux adapt%, et queo instinct do tous. lxi a reconnu. A c6t6 de l'homiao politique proprement dit, de l'lomme d'affaires rompu auniaminent deg financeg oucdes burens vient so placer lo l6giste, lindustriel, le chef de parti en quL soe rsume Ia force etle droit d'une moitide lAngleterre. AcOtG de l'enfant perdu d'une conviction isolee, le debater, cest-A-dire rhomnme qui sait me elairer utn debat, in. tervient quand iilefaut, avant ot apres lhommne aui no sait faire qu'un discours mnethodique et prepare.. Poim't de tours d'inacription: chacunparle aumoment qui lin convient le mieux et quo nul ne songe & luxi contester." Neither birth, the bete awire of the Revolutionist, nor eloquence, theb6tfe -ore of the Absolutist, exercises undue influence here. From Walpole to, Peel, -the pincipal rle haa been often filled by men whose birth was inferior to that of the maajority of their auditors. On the other hand, the mere " beau parleur" instantly descends to his- proper place, " c'est d dire, WrAs bas," while the title of " orator" has a peculiar meaning, and is regarded as a rare distinction. In respect of its mutual courtesies andc sense of fairplay, M. do Montalembert's view of Parliament is perfectly paradisiaeal. The sinc-ere friends of liberty must desire that it should maintain a proper reciprocal action with the English pre, from which or from a new Cromwell it has little to fear at present, while it seems destined, unless " a horde of barbarians" invade it, to be "la kerre. promise de l'h redit dn<pouvoir et de elqencpolitie." - But the best pledge of our future, and a nobler distinction than even our Parliament, is the way in which we treat our youth. Under the modest name, of schools we possess three or four vast foundations, at which the chi}dren of all our wealthy families obtain a manly and classic culture. These are distinguished from everthing analogous in Franlce by twro characterisDtics-their antiquity and their rural situation. The moral and material standard of boyhood is thus happily maintained, and the boys, surrounded by noble and wholesome associations, have facilities for acqiiirng the discipline of self-government - " En outre, chez la masse des enfants, Ia vie, la sante, l'in teligencoe, coulent A plems bords, avec une sorte de serenite expansive et respectueuse quo l'on .e renoontre guare chez lea eleves de nos casernes univrsitaires. Quelle difiIerence entre un pareil sijour et les maisons oa-nous avons fait nos classes. vraies prisons murees entre deux rues de Paris, dominees partout par des toits et des tuyaux, de chemlin&es, avec denx rargees d'arbres etioles au milieu d'une cour pave ou sablee, et une malheureuse promenade tous les- huit ou quinze jours a travers les gninguettes des faubourgs! "Cependant on no remarque pas de rndesse, ni de gros. shiret6 chez cette jennesse fm&ucip6e de ci borne heure. A certains jours solennels, ses aines figurent en costume de cour devant lofaimille royale et P'aristocratie, et y declament des discours Grecs, Latins, Anglais, avec une aisance et ine simplicitd de bon goat quo tout le monde envierait. Mais c'est pendant-leurs recreations ordinaires qu'il faut les voir, i l'ombra de leurs grands arbres, pour iuger de la virilite antlcipee de ces enfants de la liberte, en iname temps que de rI'nergique vitalit6 des classes superieures deo Angleterre; et l'o comprend le mot du Due de Wellington, lorsque revena vers le declin de ses jours dans ses beauns lieux oft il avait ete eleve, so rappelant leo ioeu do son enfance, et retrouvant la mname precoce vigueur chez les descendants de sea camarades, il dit tout haut: ' Cest icl quea ete gagne Ia bataille de Waterloo."' In passing to our iniversities M. deMontalembert observes that here education bears more closely on the duties of public life. A national value is deservedly attached to their howours. Their monuments, and even the statutes which regulate their collegiate relations, give them a,living interest in the historical past, while they have become more than ever sen-sible of the requirements of the present. They are independent of theExecutive, receiving fromit little 'or no pecuniary aid, and rendering to it no account of their instruction or discipline. They secure variety in unity by means of their several colleges, and by maintaining that spontaneous action which the universities of France have lost. In the rigidity of their discipline, their collegiate restraints, their common garb and common attendance at chapel and hall, and by their penalties of "rustication" or expulsion, respectfor authority is inculcated concurrently with the self-respect and self-dependence which are as freely encouraged by their hours of liberty. The ensemble of their edifices and their gardens is an influence precious and unique; and, in fine, M. de Montalembert approves the "beUe parole du Docteur Pusey," that they are calculated to produce, not books, but men. So long as they remain what they are, they will continue, he says, to produce an army of energetic champions against the encroaching uni y of absolutism. The English church and the governing classes, he further maintains, are maling noble efforts, which he instances, for the reclamation and amelioration of the disorganized multitudes that have reversed the ancient proportions of Englsh society. At the same time, the English domination in India, as regards the benefits it confers on the natives, is a consoling and marvellous spectacle. But of all our exhibitions the most exemplary is our respect for each other's opinions. Our majorities do not tyrannize, as in Europe and the 'United States; nor is any public man, as there, condemned to permanent unpopularity. Our love of " fair ulay" may be the most recent of our virtues, but it is the most noble and the most enviable. Thne sentiment of public honour, also, is more influential with us than with others. Our independent energy in a thousand instances substitutes itself for State direction, and is the foundation of a variety of rights which happily preserve Us from social -monotony. Our social institutions are "supported by voluntary subscription ;" and, though.we are given to philanthropy and " le comforft," these propensities neither enervate our institultions nor our characters. We enjoy through our press a complete and sincere publicity; tho Elglish, unlike the French reporters (the Joural des Debats ex;cepted), are characterized by a ivAre proi'itE, and even persons attacked in our newsapapers are allowred to defend themselves in their columns. M. do Montalembert has his own little quarrel witi the English journals, and especially with ourselves, but this does not prevent his rendering his tribute to theirexcellence. Our public spirit is his Pole star. Our constitution is worth all, andmore than all, it has cost us. It is a model for the world and a panoply for ourselves, and our motto should be stereotyped-Manet immotafides.: Now, beholding ourselves in this mirror which M. de 31ontalembert has held up to us, we cannot deny that we are proud of the flattering portrait it presents, and more proud because that porhtait in its essential features is substantially true. In picking out the points- he has chosen foreulogy we see the impression produced upon a foreigner by advanta ges which to us are familiar or commonplace, and our own estimation of them is consciously-it may 'be serviceably-enhanced. Our complacency,however, must not betray us into an* acquiescence in the exaggerations to which he is prompted by his eagerness to find a contrast to something he most dislikes. Accordingly, we must not forget the disabilities which arise out of our system when pushed to its present extreme. Our army, our police, our legislativeconfusion, ouradministrative failures, even theaspect of our metropolis, imply some set-os to the liberty which M. do Montalembert eulog-Pizes. He has seen liberty subverted and crushed among nations who cared more for equality, and he justly repines. We, on the other hand, in our noble preference for liberty, may have been too insensible to the advantages of that organized and direct performiance of the functions of society to which equality tends. The love of liberty and the love of equality have been coupled together, but they are unconsciously opposites, for they must be gratified at tho expense of each other. They each exact their sacrifices, which are tolerable only as they accord with the sentiments, habits, and institutions of rae. M. de Montalembert's treatise would have been more philosophical if, in place of unqualified eulogy of either, he had sought to learn how far, with allowance for race, they may be generally reconciled for the good of humanity. His book, on this account, is simply a political prmphlet, and by no means the solution of a profound political problem. The problem remains untouched while he is making ingenious ilustrations on its margin. The fundamental questions are those which are put to themselves by the Arnolds, De Tocquevillev, and those who may be described as " gdaires datna la haute Io!itique." Is there a permanent and irre4istible tendency among all nations towards political equality? If so, what should be its force at a certain stage of their developmenxt? What mea-sure of liberty is reoncileable with it presently or ultimately? These are the quiestionis of a philosophier; if M. do Montalembert prefers to enjoy t'he dremss of a patriot he may poesibly fall into the delusions of a partisan. If we are to have generalizations at all1 let us bave thorough and complete generalizstibn If we must heave the lead, let it at all events reawh the bottom. Receding to Me de Montalembert's soundhngi, we havesbtil however, an objection to make. Ee i8 not altogether correct in his fact, nor invariably consistent even in his inferences. :Even at the depth to which he takes us we find statements which we cannot- accept, and conclons which We are quite unable to bannonize. .]n what sense England, so honourable withins. so Machiavellian in her outward policy, we do not i investigate, for the charge i not made explicitly,] nor are any facts referred to except some presumed action of our l?oreign-office upon the Swims Cantons, I of which the mass of educated Englishmnel never t.ook cognizance. On our relations to Catholicism as an independent influence wo must, however, demur equally to M. de Montalembert'a itatements and to his coniclusions. We dispute the implication that everything which England derives from Catholic times she owes to Catholicism. We deny that England was la flte soitmise du Saitt Sige when she established her trial by jury, her Parliaments, and her universities. We should say- they were rather English than Catholic barons who wreted the Mfagn4 Charta from John; and we should say that Elizabeth was not the solitary Protestant Sovereign whose memory is. held in honour by the English people. if England repudiated the yoke of Rome, it was by no meanspar lafaedr d"un jour, but by a well founded antipathy, continuou sly though irregularly developed. 1Nor is it witbm the bounds of probability that un instant de lurnisre or un hazard of a mystical origin wil ever reunite them. If we could indeed beLeve that Ireland waspeopling the new world -with Catholics foujovrsftd&es; that the potato rotandthe patriotrottended equallyto theadvantage of Rome; that even the Encumbered Estates Act was mainly operating to transfer the estates of Cromwellian proprietors to la bourgeoic Catholiqte; that the English Church had lost by a. glorious exodus the flower of its priesthood, [es premiers c'entro fous, les premiers par la verftu, comme par is talent, la science, et 7lcuence; that the chapel of Pugin at Cambridge commlunicates a contagious fervour, and that thLe Cathedral of St. George at ;Southwarkoverwhehnthe contemplative passenger; that the resumption of diplomatic relations with Rome was only preveftenpar unfanati2ueBossais, Lord Eglintoun; nevertheless of one phase of the futire we are certain-the Engliah -will continue a Protestant people. The very instincts ,of race which M. de Montalembert admires, and which he thinks would survive even the destruction of our institutions, repudiate a dominion which has been growing more and more -unwelcome for centuries. Wo are no nearer to it in. respect of that liberty of thought which Englishmen value as dearly as their political liberty, and perhaps even more; while if Rome tends to oppose and England to uphold political and religious freedom as two manifestations of the same impulse, as they come to agree in this, their feud becomes irreconcilable. On the other hand, we are able to agree with M. de Montalembert, that the future of England depends on itself. We will not discuss his question, which of the two democracies we incline to adopt; whether an equal candidature for political power will succeed to equality before the law, before the tam-gatherer, and before the enemy; or whether we shall enter on that course which he deprecates and which he conceives to be symbolized by Carlisle, sentimentalized by Dickens, and proffered more neatly and directly by Prince Albert at the Trinityhouse: but at all events we are the masters of our destiny, be it wFhat it may. WVe are an island with insular habitudes and insular protections. The liberties of England, as Mr. Douglas Jerrold says wittily, " are preserved in brine." Ourinstitutions, whatever be their connexion with these liberties, arenot of yesterday, nor yet quite evaporated. We are not dismayed by the fall of constitutions elsewhere. M. iUeber informs us that within the last half-century 3SO cosstitutions have successively perished throughout the world. We still sympathize with those who admire and would uphold them. We may possibly be hardened by catastrophes so familiar, and may acquiesce in them too much as a matter of course; but we at least set the sufferers an example of self-reliance, and if we bow to the decrees of fate elsewhere we are none the less sensible of the rare blessing-s of our freedom.
11W THE ICE. (From the New York7 Time.). At a meeting of the passengersonboardthe Unitedtates' Mrail steamship rago, held on the 29th of Febru7, st the close of her fifth voyage from Havre to New Yorlk, the following paper, expressive of their feelings and view of the facts therein detailed, was adopted, and ordered to be printed in two or more of the New York newspapers - " The steamship Arago left Havre on the 13th inst., and Cowes at about 2 o'clock onthefollowingmoming. Weather as favourable as could be expected in a winter passage enabled us to malke a prosperous run, without any remarkable incidents, to the morning of the 22d inst., when, at about 6 o'clock, icebergs were discovered in the northern and southern horizons. The usual interest was excited, though the surprise at so nusual a sight at this season of the year was less, from the fact that the ship had encountered ice in her outward passage and had suffered some trifling damage in the contact. Yet none were prepared in the slightest degree for the fornmdable and dangerous obstraction thatlay in our westward path. In the course of the morning, however, fragments and detached masses of all shapes and magnitudes began to appear, and so rapidly increased in number that ongl by quick operation and sldlful management of the hehm and engine were the dangerous encounters avoided. After ronning the gauntlet of these swarming enemies for several hours c clearer sea appeared before us, and we indulged for a moment the hope of having passed the danger. But very soon it was again discovered directly ahead, and a nearer approach showed it to be closely packed and utterlv impassable. The ship was then headed to the north, with the hop of finding the end of the pack and doubling it. But after steaming upon this course 30 miles the most powerful glass aold discover no limit to the barrier. The attempt to find a passage in that direction was therefore abandoned, and the ship returned to her former position. The weather during the day had- been broken, and the afternoon looked gloomy, with occasional snow squalls, which added temporarily to our discouragement. Night closed in ithoutThe prospect of release from our embarrassing position. A moon, however, enabled us to feel our way in search of an esce but with little ouccess, and morning found us still in theIicy neighbourhood. A southeasterly course had taken us dowly along the broken edge, which was interrupted by occasional bays and indentations. Durim the 24 hours thus passed we had, with every favourable circumstance, made scarcely any westward progress, and had but little if at all improved our position. lce still enclosed us on every side, and the clear water in which we were worldng was but one of the deep bays which had at first the aperance of an open way to the westward. After steaming for some time in that direction we were again stoped, as tupon the previous mornng, by a close pack ahead- The -view presented to the eye during this morning was truly magnificenr4 and, dissociated&from the sense of peril which our position so weljustified, the maind-and-fancy could dwell upon the scene with the intensest plesure. A vast icy territory passed in rview before us in oursoutherly course, which was now resumed as the only hope that seemed left of deliverance. Icebergs of varied sbapes and sizes, that required but little effort of the imagination to convert into architectural forms, and bring to the eye the illusion of scattered hamlets, ruined cathedrals, columns and arches,-the beantiful and grotesque forms of the floating masses added new details to the scene of which the ensembte was at once awfUlly grand and charmingly picturesque. But the mind was little = to such contemplations under the heavy anxieties that began to weigh upon it as time wore on without bringing any relief. The weather during this day, though still brolen and unsettled, was more favourable than on the previous day, and was watched with intense solicitude, inasmuch as it wasasimportanttoour safety asitvas unusual in thatlocality. Its continuance was, therefore, devoutlyprayed for as our chief dependenoe under God. Hiada fog shut dowyn upon us or a gale arisen, and we had then become enclosed in the ice, we should have foundlittle room for hope but in the especial interposition of a kind Providence. Our courso continued throughout the day to the south-east, with an oocasional attempt to make way to the weAsard. As eeiiing closed, the ship was hove to and remained quiet until 10 o'docl, when a full moon shed its clear, soft light over the sea, revealing the smallest object, and enabling us to get underway- nd move with comparative safety. Another night thus passed and Sunday morning found us 180 miles to the south from our course, and attemptingto double what at last seemned to be the southern cape of the icy region. As we rounded it and retook a north-westerly course, anea-but more scattered field lay before us, through which we finally threaded ourway in safety, and a clear open sea once more revealed itself. Three orfourhourspassed, however, beforeour mines were reassured, or our faithful commander relaxed in the least degree his vigilance. A fear that we might again, and for the third time, find ourselves embayed, kept suspense alive for several hours, until night returned, without bringing new difflculties, and finally hid from our eyes those we had so happily passed. Fifty-four hours had thus worn away in danger and embarrassment, during which time we had sailcd-220 miles from north to south before the great barrier, and penetrated it to the westward a distance of 30 miles, to meet it again, densely packed as far as could bo seen.i From the extreme point of our northing no gass could discern a passage beyond, and immense icebergs were seen stretching from the extreme southern point, where we finally passed the pack. It is, therefore, within the- trath, to nmeasare the extent of this enormous icy harrier at 250milas in length, and 5D milesin breadth, stretching over mnore thaa thaee degr-ees both of latitude and lonDgitudce."
HIGH COURT OF ADMDUALTF. The following are tha new rules, orders, ana regulations for theHIigh Court of Admiralty in regard to prize pro-" ceedings "Whereas,by the act of thel17th Victoria, c.'18, en'titled 'Ile Prize Act, R-usaja 1854,' it is, amonig otheir things, - enacted-.'Tat it shall be lawful for the Judge -of the Court of A dmhzalt from time to time to in.ke and urbmit to Her Ma*esty in &uncil euch rules, orders, and regelations reCpecting the practice and mode of proceeding ofthe said and the coniduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein, in all mawtters relating toprize, as to him *sba seem fit; and such rules, orders, an regulations, if approved by Her Majesty in Council, shall take effect aud = "11 remain in force tutil the same are altered or repealed "Now 1, Stephen L ng Doctor oflAws, Judge of the ligh Court of Admir ty iu El:and, in virtue of the power and authority given to me by the said act, do make the following rules, orders, and regulation, respecting the practice and mode of proceeding of the said Court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein, in all matters relating to prize, in order that the ume maay be subinitted for the approval of Her Majesty in CounciL d1L On and after thelst d of January, 17- all office copies and other copies oE pleadings, proceedings.. affidavits, depositions, exibiits, aud other documents in {e High Court of Admiralty, in matters relating topr, shall be counted and charged for at and after the rate of 72words per foiio; ana every numeral, whether in columns or other wise written, shal he counted and charge foras a word. "2. On and after the said Ist day of January next en. saing, the pleadngs, proofs, and other documents shall, in al contested suits, unless the Judge haUl order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing thereof; and sucb printing shall be in such manner and form, anid under such regulations in regard .to the osUt and mode of printing the samne as the Judge of the sad Court may from time to time "Witness my hand this Ist day of December, 1855. " SThPIEN LTSHIGTON." Order in Council confirming certin rulee;orders, and re-. gulations for the High Court of Admiralty in regard to prize proceeaings:- " At the Court at Windsor, the 7th day of December, 1855, present the Queen's Most Excellent Majesty in Co=n. cil,-Whereas thejudge of the High Court of Admiralty has, unader the provisions of an act passed in the session of Parliament held in the third and fourth years of Her MajesWs reign, entitled, 'An act toimprove the Pactice-and extend the Jurisdiction of the High Court of Admiralty of England,' nade and submitted to Her Majesty in Council certain rules, orders, and rulations respecting the practice and mode of proceeding in the said Court, and the conduct and duties of the officers and practitioners therein in regard to prize proceedings; now, therefore, Her Majesty, having taken the said rules, orders, and regulations into consideration, is pleased, by and -with the advice of her Privy Couacil, to approve and confirm the same, and the said rules, orders, and regulations {a copywbereof is hereunto annexed) are hereby approved and confirmed accordingly, wshereof the Judge, the regitar, and other officers of the said court, and all others whom it may concern, are to take notice, and govern themselves accordingly. "C. C. GREII1EE." Directions in regard to printing the proceedings in prize causes:- " Whereas by Her Majestys Order in Council, bearing date the 7th of December, 1855, confirming certain rules, orders, ana regulations for the High Court of Admiraltyin regard to prize proceedings, it is, among other things, ordered that 'the pleadings, proofs, and other documents shall in all contested suits, unless the Judge shall order to the contrary, be printed prior to the heanng thereof; and such printing shall be in such manner and forn, and under such regulations in regard to the cost and mode of printingthe same, as the Judge of the said court may from tine to time direct - "Now 1, Stephen Lushin-ton, Doctor of Taws, Judge of the High Court of Admiralty o England, do, in virtue of the powers thereby conferred on me, direct that:- " L Proceeding to be printed inx sses in whichmonition is extracted after the ist of January, 1856.-It shall not be necessary to print the proceedings in anyc ase in which the monition has been extracted prior to the 1st day of January, 186; but in all cases in which the monition shall be extracted after that day, and in which the claim shall be oosed, the whole of the proceedings shall, unless theJudge shall order to the contrary, be printed prior to the hearing, in accordance with the directions hereinafter prescribed. "2. List of papers to be printed in the first instance;captor to print.-the papers which shall be printed in the first instance are the affidavit as to ship paprs, theabstract of ship papers, the translations thereof on . half as well of the captors as of the claimants, any English papers of which office copies may jhave been ordered by either party, and the depositions of the witnesses. These papersshall, in every case in which a claim shall have beengiven, beprinted at the captor's expense, and under his directions, of those of his proctor, who shall, if necessary, be assigned to: bring into court, and at the same time to deliver to the claimant, or his proctor, printed copies of the abovementonedapers within such reasonable tune as maybe allowed by the Court. "3. Claimant to plit his further proof.-In cases in which the claimants are alowed to brine in further proof the printi3g thereoE shall, ulress the Judge shal order to the contrary, be don heat te ls of the claimant, and under his directions or those of his proctor, who shall be assigned to bring into court, and at thle same time to deliver to the captor or his proctor, printed copies of the ssame within such reasonable time as my be allowed by the Court. " 4. Where furher proof is alloted to both parties eaho retyed o prre kisown further proof.-There further proof w aleltoboth parties, each s psty shall, unles the Judge shall order to the contrary, at lus ow n exrpense print his ownv further proofe andashall bring in ani deliver to the adverse proctor prited copies thereof wyithin such reesonable tima as may be allowred by the Courft "5. Proof to he delivered within three days - prcof to be returned corrected within twfO days.-The party or proctor who shall have been assigvned to mrint any papers shall, ithin, three days from such time, deliver to the adverse party or his proctor a proof copy of such papers, writh o view to the correchon by him of the press, apndif such ad? verse party or proctor does not within two days from such timereturn the proof, with the necessary sorrections made therei, the other party or proctor shale be at liberty to have the reqlusite number of copies struck off from his ow corrected proofs, in order to enablehim to comply with the assigna'tion previously made ulponhim by the Court. "p 6 printed opienot brought in, Court may proceed and determine the case as if such paper hadneverbeen given in, and may condem-n or release the ship, vessel, ~or goods proceeded against upon the papeo h(if any) previously brugt in o nd printedr tive ease.n n u elvrnz,t "7.adStyle oft orhintn rochrthevi utoinsured uniforlitv instyle,allcasesshallbe printed copspic type, with lear bnetweern e the liese ( a picf tick, and the page shall be 40 eis ide exlusve o maginl ntes(if any), and 78 ine for the same-The sum to be allowed on taxaton foe each asheet of 4 pages shall be,-if 50 copies are printed 7.s. perf sheet; ifg- 100,vi0per sheet ; if 150, 42g. pershet;i '20, 44. pe shet;if250, 46s. persEheet, to inclde nsie mrgial igues o eery10thi line ; buLt uo "9. xtrafortabl-wok.--Fortable-worlk an extra allowanc shalbe made asfollows: in pica type, 5a lper page; small pica, 7a. per page; long primer, 1s. 6d. per pe; butein al cases where pica ortsmill picac an be7us fo7r table-work a smialler type shal not be allowed for on taxation. 10. Charge to include everything.-The paper on which thle procedings are priinted shall 'be fine demsy, weighing not than 24fo . perreem, and the prices above-mentioned shall include all charges for printing, peper, folding, and stitching;- and if a wrapper be required it shall be charged for as heaf a sheet. I"1. No allowance to be made for correctiohns-Asb proctors will be allowed 2d. per folio for examining the copies for the printer, no chare will be allowed on taxation for corrections. The prices given above wi include the correcaton of all errors of type i with the pdter;- andpif any errors occur in the copiesfurish oed to the printer the expense of correcting them must be home by the party with wheom the same originated. 12n Number of copies ordinarilyrequired.-The number of copies of all printed papers ordintaily required, where there are only two parties to the suit, will be I50-viz.I 50 for the Admiralty Court, of which 10 sall be brought in'to the registry, and 20 delitered to the advere party or his potor, andl b 0 ad2ditiona oli fortheCouof Appeal, which forthe parintyor,h procr shar ll be boundto deliver inal leases ofappealfree of all e xoftypense,ian of which 6t shall be blyerougst into i the a opelregiestry,d20 delivered to, the adverse part correcingthem andtb cornsequnty the chartgit om the same originatedch.tg toere bre ordinarly allowed to taxatuio will hobe2per sheet, wthe rexitryan for tabelivoredtkh.desepryoi " 13. Larger number of copies may sometimes be allowed.-Where there are more than two parties to a suit a proportionally larger number of copies shall be printed, as well for the Admiralty Court as for the Court of Appeal4 and a proportionally higher charge will then be allowed on taxation, according to the scale of charges set forth in pana graph 10. ' 14. Protors may employ any printer.-Prootors will. be at liberty to employ any pinn ter whom they may select; but, incase the printing hould nDt be done exactly in the form and manner above precrei either they shall be bound to reprint thle whole proceedings, or else they shall not be allowed on taxation any sum whatever for the printing. " STEPHEN' LUSINGTON, Judge. "Dated the 31st of December, 1850." "N.B. Messrs. Eyre and Spottiswoode, of East Earding. street; Meessrs. Clowes and Co., of Duke-street, Stamfordstreet, Blackfriars; and Messrs. Wsterlow, of Birchin-lane, City, are willing to print the proceedings mithin the times prescribed 3nd at the prices stated above as those which wilbe allowed on taxtien." Notice relative to prize proceedin^s in the High Court of Admiralty:- " Vith reference to the new rules, orders, and regula. tions for the High Court of Adniralty, in regard to prize proceedings, which were confinued by Her Majesty's order in Council of the 7th of December inst., and which came into operation on the Ist day of January, 1SDo lam directd by the Right Hon. Stephen Lushington/ thle Judge of the said Colurt, to give notice that the said rules, orders, and regulations shall not apply to any case in whichl the lUonition shall havre been extracted prior to the 1st day of January, 1856. "Dated the 3Lst day of December, 1855. ABy order of the Cotn.r "H R. C. BOTIUMY, Registra,'
SUFFOLK SHRIBVALTY ASSOCIATION. The following are the rules and regtzatin of tis1 asociation, severally commented on by Lord Campbell at Bury St. Edmund's on the Norfolk Circuit:- " Several meetings of the committee having been held for the purpose of forming a Shrievalty Association in the cuwnty and preparing rules for its management, and the gentlemen whose names are inserted in the annexed list b.mg alrdysignified their willingness to concur in the objects of the association, " It was resolved that a Suffolk Shrievalty Amociation be 'foned, with a view to effect a reduction of the expenses of the office of HUgh Sheriff, without impairing the dignity of the office. "-Resolved that the expenses of the shrievalty ought, by all practicable ana reasonable means, to be reduced, and the committeetherefore recommendthatthefogowing beadopted as the rules of the association:- " 1. That every gentleman becoming a member of this association shall make a donation of l01., and pay an annual life subscription of 21., which subscription may be comPounded for by any member, after having served the office of aherif by the payment in one sum. of 2oe. - - " 2. That no rperson nominated to serve the oflice of sheriff shaUl bhe entitled to become a member of this asso. ciation, except upon payment of a donation of 201., and a sumnequialent to an-nna1 UblCriltion-of 21,,-from the time of thefornmtionof ibis eciety. " 3. That aymember-ising-todrwis name, or -whoDavng serd theokc, 3nayybedesirous of conmuting his future payments, slall send a writteni notice to the secretary. 4. That the first annual sbscription shall be paid uim mediately, and that the annual subscriptions shall become due on the Ist of January in each succeeding year. " 5. That donAtions be accepted from thoee gentlemen who wish to support the object of the association, but who, from havingalready served the office, or being otherwise exempt from the lability to serve, Anay niot wish to become annual subscribers. "6. That all donations be invested in the names of trtees as a permanent fund, and that the interest of such investment and the annual subscriptions be applied in-aid of the sheriff's exenses and the necessary expenses of the aseociat on. : "7. That from the present time the public dinners at the assizes be conducted, as heretofore, as ordinaries; at which the-high sheriff shall, if he be pleased to do so, preside, and at which he shall be requested to abstain from making any addition whatever. "8. That no expenses should be incurred by the sheriff in the discharge of his duty beyond those allowed in the Bill of Cravings, or imposed upon him by law, or under the recommendation of the Standing Shrievalty Committee, by whose authority the funds of the association are to be mnanaged and applied. " 9. That the keeping order in the courts at the assizes and sessions being essential to the due admixistration of justice and the proper conducting of the county business, an arrangement be made by whichi the oounty police be em. ployed in lieu of javelin men, and be paid by the county for such extra duty. " 10. That only three bailiff9, with such assistants as may be necessary, be employed. "That - be treasurer of this association. "That (four names to be inserted) be the trusteep of th5i association. "That Mr. James Sparke, of Bury St. Edmund's, and Mr. George Josselyn, of Ipswich, be joint secretaries of this association, at an annual salary of 20t. " That no alteration be made in the rules of this association, unlesw sanctioned at a general meeting of the subscribers, after notice of the speciAS alteration, to be proposed at the recommendation of a majority -of the committee. "March 7, 1854. "Sir,-We are directed to send you a copy of the above resolutions, and to inform you that a general meeting of subscribers to the association will be held at the Shire-hall, at Bury St. Edmund's, on Tuesday, the 28th inst., at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, when the rules will be submitted for approval, and previous to which time gentlemen desirous of becoming members of the association, or of presenting a donation only, are requested to signify the same by letter addressed to one of us. "We are, Sir, your very obedient servants; "JT SrARliE Bury St. Edmund's, Joint " GEORGE JOSSELY?N, Ipswich, ISecretaries.'j The following gentlemen have already signified their williagness to concur in the objects of the association:-His Grace the Duke ofXutland, the Right Hon. Lord Eenniker, Mr. T. B. Western, Colonel Bence, Sir R. S. Adair, Lieutenant-Colonel Adair, -Mr. J. Berners, Mr. A.Arcedeckne (Sheriff), -Mr. I. N. Shawe, Mr. C. Tyrell, Mlr. P. B. Eurrell, hLr. J. G. Sheppard, Mr. F. Corrance, Mr. E. S. Bence, Mr. F. C. Brooke, Mr. J. G. W. Poley, Mr. H. Wilson, Mr. H. J. Wilkinson, Mfr. J. Tollemache, Sir E. S. Gooch, Mr. C. Austin, Sir C. Blois, Bieutenant-Colonel Piilipps, M. J. W. Brooke, and Mr. C. Rowley.
[Advertisement.]-The Royal Pictures.-The Royal pic. turesengravedinthe "Art Joumal" for April are:-" GeneTiQve of Erabant," after Baron. Wappers; and '- The Fountain at bradrid I after D. Roberts, RA. The aroipture plate is "Hagaw and IEhmael,n from the bas-relief by B S. Bartholomew. The iterary contents include-" Nomenclature of Pictorial Art,' by J. B. Pyne; " National Portrait Gallery '' " Suggestions of Subject to the Student in Art " LIfe of C. R. feslie, it.A," illustrated; " nmcheeter College," Miu&. trated; "The Home of Paul Potter." by F. W. Fairholt, Iustrated " Rustin's ' hodern Painters :"' " The StereogcopeI" by R. Hunt, F.B.S., illustrated "'The National Institution 1laxlbitfon," to. Virtue and Co., 25, Paternmoter row. [Advertisement.]-TheNewIoveL-" The Old Vicarage," in 3,vols., by Mrm Hubback (niece of 'MmsAusten), authoress of "1The Wife's Sister," &c., is ready this day. Also just published. " The City of ehe Crescent, with Pictures of Harem Life" n2 vols., plates, 21s, by Gordon Trenery, Esqt., author of "The Mousin Land,"kc "Doscribes the ' Life of the Harem,' the Turkish gentr llteraly at home:it is novel and. amusing in no common degree.Y-Cbambess's Journal. Charles Joseph Skeet, 10, King Wlliiam-street, Charing-cross. [Advertisement.}-' What shall we have for dinner?' -Scarcely anyother question is morb regularly asked, day after day, or founmore difficult to answersatisfactorily. It will be a relief to many to hOarthat anew work just pubhlhed, called " The Wifes Own Book of Cookery." completely disdoses of the inquiry. by giving, in addition to the ordinary contentsof a first-classcookery-book, plain instructions hbow to dine from two to twenty, or any larger number of persons, in a recherche and economical style, which affords the utmost variety of choice. but occaions the least amount of trouble or expense. It is wholly imposible to select a more approPriate, useful, and acceptablegiftfor daughter, sister, or nmatronthanthis "Wife's Own Pook of Cookery" (price Ss. 6d.), or "Treasures in Needlework." by 1rs. Warrenandl. PuGan,price s.6d.,riblhygit). orthe "Practical Housewife," by the editors of the " Bamily Friend" (price 2s. 6d., strongly hound). These books have been universally commended, and should find a place in every household. If the choice goes beyondthess really cheap, good, and instrmctive volumes, "Elegant Aria for 3adies&" (just out. 3c. fkL), and. "BPechistin's Handbook of Chamber and Cage Birdr" (just out, Is. Gd.), are books that must prove both agreeable andinstructive. Betterv,orksdonot exist. They are beautifully iUustrated. Publshed by Ward and Lock, 158, Ileet'treet, and soWd by all booksellers. [Advertisement.]-Amusing Iibrary.-The Book of the flay!l-" The Life and. Adventures of Jules GCrard, the far-famned Lion Killer,'comprising his Ten Years' Campaigns among the .Lions of Northern Africa." Price 2s. Undoubtedly the most extraordinary book of adventures ever published, containingexploits and combats of a far more remarkable characterthan those of Cumming and. others, ar.d POssessing al the intense interest of the most exciting romance. The work has produced an immense sensation on the continent, and is calculatedfor universal opurity in our own country. N.B. To prevent mistake, andto diOstinguish it from an older work, order.the "Complete Adventures of Girard,the lion Kler,"pnblished by LambCrtandCa. London, Lambert and Co., 46Z New Oxfordstreet. Sold atall bookseiers' and allrailway sttions. [Advertisement.}'s Peter Simple," price Is. 6d, by Cap. tain Marnat, now ready, to be followed monthly by the other wvorks Of this popular author. No wonder this cheap edition ha mnet with unecamled ucces, or Cntai Maryathas onefor- naval stories what Dibdin did for the sailor'sl songs-stereotyp0ed the British sailor for all time. While the sonigs of the latter are repeated in every quarter of the globe, the naval stories of the former areowelcemed wvith delight at countlesa8freaides at homoeandabroad The ZOtiatheusand of "Fleter Simple" is now ready, and on April 15th wil be ublished-"Te King's Own," price Is. Gd., by Captain Marryat. London, George BIoutledge anDd Co.. Yarrlngdon-etreet,
COUBr7 OFBAIVKBPU1mCY, B4tgAau-atru4, JKarch 26. l- RE lMNSOW AN1m -I - (Beforc Mr. COmmistionerFolsmLkouzA Thebankrupts, ElizabethandSarah Benson,werehoteland boardinghoueekeepers, of atnsfieldnstreet, Portlinds aoe. This s the certficate nseeting. The bankructs hs ao kept a boarding establishment m St. Petersburg up to the commnencement of the war, when they were comspelled to give it up anid return to England. }His Hoisolm granted first-class certificates. DI BE DRIAs'T. The bankrulpt, abuilder at Hoxton, applied for h;s! certificate. There wsno opposition. Mir. Lucas supported. A. second-class certificate was granted.
- SPRING ASSZE& NOPRFOLK frlThTW RIURY ST. RDAMIND VAr&iP# 9Ir The learned judges arrived at this town yesterday ater. noon, and were met by the High Sheriff of the county, Mr. Andrew Arcedeclne, at the railway station. It was, -however, observed by the spectators, juveniles as rell as adults, 'usully attracted by such ceremonial, that on the present occasion "there warn't half a show," for the ig Sheriff had discarded the accustomed javelin-men; nor did,the shrill blast of the two ancient trumpeters sound as heretofore, proclaiming the presence of Her Majesty's Judges, and giving awful warning to all parties against the laws offendig,secorted by the -Suffolk county police, but in solemn3 siIencelhe -High -Sherifsvrage 'rended-wifi-ihe judges t& the Shire-hill,andthence4to-thechurch. 'Thismorning however, -the ancient -trumpeters reappeared, but the javelin-men were still absent, and thus the " Jadges of Assi el proceeded at 11 o'clock to open their respectiye courts. On the Crown side there was a calendar containing 31 prisoners, and presenting 5 charges of burglary, 1 of shoot. ing, 1 of child murder, 1 of conspiracy, 3 of forgery, 1 of stbbing, 2 of rape, 1 of robbery, 2 of housebreaking, and several other minor offences. On the civil eide there was an entry of four common jury. THE HInHE e no. 100I.-- CROWN COURT. The Cam FJrSTILCe, having taken his seat, priceeded to charge the' grand jury, and, having drawn their:attention to the principal cases in the calendar, added,-I am sorry to be:obliged, in conclusion, to make an observation on a siiject which has given me great pain. I allude to the manner in which Her Majesty's Judges-the representatives of the Queen-have been received on this occasion. I have no ground, however, of complaint against the High Sheriff. He has gupplied adequate and handsome accommodation forthe judges, ana was, as I hear and believe, desirous of attending with the usual retinue which is expected on these occasions, and which infact thelaw requires; but I am told that he was over-persuaded by a societyhehad joinedto takethe course he has followed on this occasion; and Ihope and trust, and in fact believe, that, as they are honourable gentlemen, he will be supported by the members of the society in the cdurse he has been recommended by them to take. I find no javelin-men are in attendance on the Sheriff on this occasion to keeporder in the courts. The judges, of course, care not how the attendants are dressed or how they appear, so that there is. an adequate number of them to preserve order and to keep up the respect due to the administration of justioe; but, in answer to my inquiries, I am furnished with a paper which purports to be the rules of an association to govern the conduct of gentlemen who are to serve the office of sheriffs. Among other things I find this rule, which cals for my moet serious observation. It is the ninth:- " That the keeping of order in the Courts of Assizes and Sessions being essential to the due administration of justice and the proper conducting the county business, arrange. ments be made by which the county police be employed in lieu of javelin-men, and paid by the county fOr such extra duty." In 6ther words, that the ratepayers of the county of Suffolk shall relieve the gentry of the county of Saffolk' frbm the burden of an office which it is their duty to serve, and for that purpose shall take from the service of the county-the property and lives in which are exposed in the interval-the protection which the law affords it, so that all those who are so inclined, knowing'the policemen will be engaged at the assizes-as it may be on this occasion-for a whole week, may make an inroad on the county, and commit their depredations without check or 'hindrance, This cannot bear investigation a'single moment. It is highly illegal; and, if it be said that thepoEcemen are here as witnesses, the answer is that they cannot fill the double office of witnesses and -attendants 'on the Court on this occasion; they cannot look after their witnesses and attend the public business, and keep ord6r in the court at the same time. This is very improper.- The object of the'members of the association-I entirely Absolve the High Sheriff from participation in it-is to save their pockets, at the expense of the ratepayer*, from the expense of javelin-men. My duty is not to permit this. I am therefore compeDed on this occasion to fine the sheriff 100Z., which I trust the committee of the association, by whom he has been persuaded to dispense with the ordinary 'ittendance on these occasions, will have the honour to discharge. At the conclusion of this address, which seemed to take the persons concerned somewhat aback, Lord Henniker rose from the bench, and requested to be allowed " to nake an explanation," but the Chief Justice declined to hear him, and there the matter dropped. Joseph Hector Gaze, 21, was indcited for forging a bill of exchange for 2:5. 10., and uttering the same on the 15th of November last, with intent to defraud Sir Edmund Lacon, at Lowestoft. Mr. Cherry was counsel for the prosecution; Mr. Bulwer defended the prisoner. ItaT earedthat theprisoneriadoriginallybeenuinthe office of ahlighly respectable solicitor's firm At Towestoft, and, having been discharged therefrom for negligence, he had ultimately been taken into the service of the prosecutor as clerk at an agency or branch bank of the prosecutor at ILowestoft, where one Charles Titlow Burrett, aged 19, filled the like position, but with high trust, as he had authorityvfrom his employers to fill up certain blank forms of Ibits of exchange and letters of credit which were there Ekept ready, signed by a superiorclerk forthe accommodation of customers. On the 15th of November last beth thesa clerks decamped, taking with them several of these blank forms, and information of their intended flight to America being given atelegraphiomessage soon setsaLiverpooldetective officer on their track, and in a few days tho worthy pair were pounced upon as they were sitting down to dinne.- at the Albert Saloon. Inthepessessionof Burrett were found the subject matter of this indictment, which had been filled up in his favour for 251. lOs. by the prisoner, and several other like forgeries formuchlargersums, and on the prisoner was found a letter to a friend, containing expressions calculated to raise a strong susicion of his implication with Burrett's nefarious proceedings. The prisoner having been found Guilty, James TitlowBurrett was next arraigned on three indictments for forgery and embezzlement, to all of which he pleaded guilty. hlr. BuriwYER, for the prisoner, pleaded for mercy on theground of his poverty (it appearing that his salary was just' ~;s; per week; and that he was burdened with the support of a large family of brothers and sisters) and also on account of his previous good character. Thelearned JuDG, after a suitable admonition to both the prisoners, sentenced Burrett to six. years' penal servitude, and awarded to Gaze a like punishment for the space of four years. WIsI PRius CounT.-(BCfor Mr-. tivC WIGzT'rMrAM) DEAnD V. STEAD. Mr. O'Malley and Mr. Couch were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Vorliedge appeared forthe defendant. This was an action in which the plaintiff sought to recover damages from the defendant for the breach of a warranty of soundness given on the sale of a horse-by the defendant to the plaintiff, to which the defendant pleaded that he did not warrant as alleged, and that the horse in question was sound at the time of the sale. The plaintiff is a miller and the defendant a farmer, and it appeared that at Brandiston fair, in July last, the defendant offered the horse in question to the plaintiff, saying that, though he had a slight cold, he was all right, and would be quite well in a few days. A short time after the plaintiff and a friend went to see the animal at the house of the defendant. At that time he had a running at the nose, which the defendant attributed to a cold, and assurei the plaintiff was of no consequence. The horse was then put through his paces, and, after some bargaining, the plaintiff bought him for 201., with a warranty that he was sound and gentle in-harness. When the horse reached the plaintiff's stables the dicharge had increased to such an extent that-the plaintiff caused him to be put in a separate stable and ordered that every precaution should be taken to prevent infection. These precautions proved to be most salutary, for the horse was in a few days pronounced by a veterinary surgeon to beglandered. The parties -met soon after, and, onthe plaintiffcomplaining tothe defendant, the latterrequested himn to keep the horse, aud offered to pay the expense of curing him. The plaintiff, however, declined to undertake thisresponsibility,and on the following day returned the horse to the defendant's stables, wvhere it shortly died. When the plaintiff demanded back his money the defendant refused to pay it, and attributed his illness and death to injuries alleged to have been received while the plaintiffhad hin:in his possession. On the part,of the defendant it was noa sworn that there was no -warranty excent of gentleness, and his sound condition was sbown by the fact that he had mixed with other animals and had not imparted any disease to them, while evidence was given tha . when he was returned to the defendant he bore mariks o' recent injuries, sufficient to account for the discharge. A veterinary surgeon likewise proved that the symptoms wers not those of glanders, and a knacker who flayed him ewor, to the same effect; but it appeared that the carcase w&s buried at once instead of being sold for dog's-meat, as is uzsually the casse with glanderedlhorses. The jury without much hesitation, after an elaborate summing upon the part of the learned judge, returned a vrerdict for the p laintiff for 20Z. - Mfr.Justice WVIGIT5N certifi6e for costs in favour of the Pdntiff. I
NORTHERN CEECUIT. LWER-pooli, M&C 2-6. tJsvII UOURT.-(Beford Jr. JAmfice Wna.zs) SHIITTLEWORTH V. ROBERTS A-ND ANOTHEP. This was an action of tresps for eising and destroying a uantity of meat belonging to the defendant, a butcherat olton. The defendants justified under a custom of the manor of Pennington to destroT bad meat offered for sale within the manor, alleging that it was their duty to enforce the custom. The case came on for trial yesterday, and occupied the whole day, and until a late hour atnight. Mr. Serjeant Vilkins and Mr. Monk appeared for the p'aintiff. and Mir. Attorney-General K.nowles and 3r. Ovens for the defendants. It appeared from the opening statement, and from the evidence of the learned counsel for the plaintiff, that the plaintiff, like most other country butchers, begides carrying on business in his own town, wasalso in the habit of attendimg the nmrkets of other towns in the neighbourhood, taking with him carcases of beast which had been slaughtered at Bolton for sale in those markets. Among other p laces, he was in the habit of attending the market at Leigh, where the defendant Roberts was also a butcher, and the other defendant, Thomas Darwell, was the ex-bellman. On the 12th of January last, the defendants seized a quantity of the plaintiffs meat, threw it down into the dirt, afterwards covered it with straw and publidcy burnt it. As a motive for the conduct on the part of tue defendants, it was suggested that the plaintiff had excited the jealousy of the rival butchers of the town byselling his meat at-a lower price than they were doing. The plaintiff not- only sought to recover compensation for the meat destroyed, amounting to about 41., but also for the injury which he had sustained in his business by reason of such- a proceeding; for persons who and regularly been in. the habit of deahng with him Mre-visnsly -to-this discontinued to -do-so .ftEw Eand, in -fab%- theplaintiff-hid "been compeUed-to-give-npattending the LUighmarketaltoqemer. A man named JohnLDrd, in the employment of the plaintif£ who had possession of the meat at the Leigh market on the day in question, stated that all the meat on the stal was perfectly good, though, in cross-examination, he said soine gf it looked rather dark, in consequence of its being a week old; one of the beasts, too, had had a slight bruLse in the railway truck, but the meat was not injured by it. On behalf of the defendants, it was contended that the Leigh-market was held under the manor of Pennington, within which it was the custom to destroy meat found to-be unfit for human food; that the meat in cuestion was unfit for huian food, and that, therefore, it wis the duty of the defendants (who had been appointed market-inspectors) to seize and destroy it. A number of persons were called to prove the custom of destroying diseased meat in that manor, and others, including the defendants, to prove that the meat was unfit for food. Roberts said [the meat he and Daell destroyed was perfectly rotten; but there was some good meat on the stall, and that they did not interfere with. His LORDSHIP summed up the case, going miinutely through the whole of the evidenoe, and the jury, after being locked up for about three hours, returned into court, and the foreman announced that they had agreed to give the plaintiffa verdict, but without damages orcosts. The clerk of the court, however, informed them that they could not return such a verdict, and advised them to go and take the advice of his Lordls'ip (who had left the court abunt 6 o'clockl. They accordingly proceeded to the lodgings of his Lordship, accompanied by the clerk of the court. Here again ther% were locked up; and after deliberating upon their verdict upto a late hour last night, they were at length discharged, without having returnedany verdict. CROWN COURT.-(Before Mr. Baron MAxnRT.) Thomas Moore vwas indicted for arson at Ashton-underLine, on the6th of January last, and -setting fire to his house, with intent to defraud the MAuchesteriAssuranceoffice. Mr. Monk, Mr. Ovens, and 3fr. HIigg' xappeared for the prosecution, and M1r. Segar and Mr. Donnell defended the prisoner. From the statement of the learned counsel it apDeared that the prosecution had been instituted by the Manchester Insurance Company. and that the prisoner had carried on the business of a tailor and general clothierin Oldstreet, at Ashton-under-Line. At about 12 o'clock on the night of Sunday. the 6th of January. the' police were aroused by a cry of " Fire !" proceeding from the prisoner's shop, and upon arrivin" at the spot they obtained admission to the premises (after ;nocking violently at the door) by tearing down the shutters, but the heat and smoke were such that they were unable to enter the shep, which was on fire. They then saw the prisoner, who said the gas had exploded and caused the fire, and after he had removed his wife and children to an adjoining house, he retupmed and assisted the police to extinguish the fire, which appeared to have raged vith the greatest force underneath the shop window close to the spot where the gas-meter was fixed. The prisoner informed the police that the gas had escaped for some time past, and that he had complained to the company upon the subject. It aeemed that prisoner had effected an insurance with the office II 1854 for the sum of 7001., 6001. of which was charged on his stock, and in JulY of last year he had increased the insurance to 1,2001., the policy for which was not delivered to him until the 1st of January, 1856; and on the morning of the 7th of January, the day after the fire, he called at the office and claimed the whole amount of his policy. The servant girl in the house at the time of the fire confirmed the statement of the prisoner, made to the police. that the family, consisting of the prisoner, his wife, and five young children, hadgonetobed as usual on the night in question; that she vwas armed and aroused from her sleep by the prisoner telling her to dress herself instantly and ge. p, asthe'shop was on fire; and that she found the shop in s upongoing downstairs. The firemanof the gasworks was called, and he stated ! that upon inspecting the meter he found the inlet pipe affixed to the meter had been broken off and the pipe shortened by 3 or 4 inches, and upon inquiring of the prisonerhowthe tire had happened he said it; had arisen from .an explosion of gas. A: vauer upon -the part of the insulrance office was aLo icalled, who had valued the damge at 73a, and the whole -stock at 350?., while the prisoner's valuerhad estimated the stock at 650?. At this stage of the proceedings the counsel for the prosecution proposed to put inevidence certain letters (whic had been found upon the premises) addressed to the prisoner by various creditors of his, pressing for the payment of debts due to them. Mr. SFGAAR having objected to their reception, Mr. Mossx then proposed to caU the writers, in order to show the embarrassed circumstances of the prisoner at the time. Mr. Baron MLRTw.-I cannot receive such evidence as this. It really has nothing to do with the charge of arson. We might as well hear evidence that the prisoner wanted money to get married with, and so set fire to his house. Mr. SG.Ai then addressed the jury for the defence, contending that an examination by the gas corn ny's manwith a pickaxe near the gas-meter might well )ave caused the fractureinthe pipe which led to the escape of gas andto the fire. The 7learned counsel cornmented vith much ingenuity on the discrepancies in the evidence of conversations with the prisoner, which wers relied upon as casting suspidion on his conduct.e Sis L,ORDSHIIP having summed up the evndence, The jury AcqzuiUcd'the prisoner. -
MmTANT) flrRfllTr'p ,wApWrc!lr x. ?iOA CVILSIDE.-(BefOreO CA1AiPBELL and Specia .Turics.) GRIFFIN, CLERR V. HOSKYNS. Mr. Serjeant Hayes and Mr. O'Brien appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. Field for the defendant. The plaintiff is a vicarlin this county, and, having had the misfortune several years ago to be tried at Warwick mpon a criminalX charge, of which however he was acquitted, he had incurred a debt to the attorney who defended him upon that occasion. This led to litigation between them, the result of which was that the attorney, in the month of June last, obtained a judgment ainst the 'laintiff and issued execution thereon. The defendant is t elate High Sheriffof the county, and the present action was brought against him nominally, but really against his baiff, for Ialeged trespass-es and wrongful seizures, committed under colour of executing the writ offi. fa. The complaints were, that the bailiff had remained in possession at the plaintiffs house a day longer than the time allowed by law ; that he had dug potatoes out of the garden aud appropriated them to his own use; that hehadseizedboards cut forecclesiastical purposeafrom timber growing on the glebe; and that he had broken into the church and taken away the parish chest, with the registers and other papers therein, as well as books beloi g to the church aand school library, which had been contriouted by the Society for Promoting Christian Knowledge,' cloths for th communion table, and other church vestments. It appeared, however, by cross-examination of the plaintiff himself and by the evidence ofwicnesses called for the defendant, that the plaintiff, who was now in gaol for debt andhadpetitioned the Insolvent Court, had hinself sanctioned the proceedingsaof the bailiff in remaining in possession a day beyond ,the time; that in the church were found many things belonging to the plaintiff which did not at all partake of the character of ecclesiastical goods-such as the plaintift's own dirty linen, an umbrella, a lookingglass, Ventcnc Vow, and a pack of cards; that the bailiff entered the church without any violence, accompanied by one of the churchwardens, and because the chest could not 'oe conveniently opened in the church it wals removed to the churchwarden's house, and some weekss afterwards was returned to. its place in the church with the registers and other documents belonging to the parish. The defendant had, however, paid 5R into court to coverany damage which the plaintiff could have snstained by the 'bailiff renm3ining beyond the time, or by the seizure of the boards, or by the temporary removal of the parish chest; but the bailiffdenied the taking oE the potatoes, and as to all the other complaints relied upon the writ of ft. fa. as his justification. The jury found for the defendant. GRIFFIN, CLER, V. ROSKYNS. Tlis was an action between the same parties for false imprisonment; and it appeared lthat, in order to execute a writ of ca. sa. against the 'plaintiff, the sheriff's officer had broken a window of the plaintiff's house and so effected an entrance. By this illegal proceeding the subsequent arrest of the plaintiff under the ca.. a. was alsorenderedrunlawful; and the jury gave a verdict, for the plaintiff-damages 25g. CROWN CoURT.-(Beforc the CHIEF BAROX.) James Chambers, 34, Charles Brown, 44, Samuel Ste. phens, 18, Samuel Harris, 28, William Finnemore, 21, a-nd John Taylor, were indicted for aburglary at the premises of M£r. Harry Burbidge, a cormdealer, in Birmingham, on the night of the 16th of January last. Mr. A. R. Adams conducted the prosecution ;' Mr. Elers represented Chambers; Mr. Kennedy, Brown; and Mr. W. E. Adams, Samuel Harris. It was proved that on the night in question the premises were entered by breaking a window opening into a passage leadimg to the prosecutor's warehouse, in which there was an iron safe partly built into the wall, containing the books of account and, 14& in gold and sUver. 3ir. Barbidge and his nepbew slept in the house, but were not disturbed by any noise dvring the night, and the thieves succeeded in carrying off their booty through the streets of EiTmingham without attracting - observation. In the morning it ws discovered that the safe with its contents had been whollyremloved. About S o'cloeckin the morning some men were seen with ' hand-art containing smething heavy, going into the back Yard of the prisoner Chambers, who kcpt & boershop a Binghats. Shortlyafter twroof the witnessesheardthe noise of breaking open the safe, which laEted nearly an hour, and smibequentlythejiand-cart aindthe safe were seen in the yard; all the prioners, except Harris, being at that time on the premises. A little. later the same morning the hand-cart, apparently containing something heavy, though covered with sacks anddrawn by three of ths prisoners, was traced from Chamber yardto the cana side at Sandy-lane-bridge, where the Xafe was thrown into a lock on the canal. Within a few minutes a boatman struck it with his boat, and then drew it out. That safe, 'which weighed nearly 4cwt., was clearly identified by Mr. Burbidge, although it was much injured by the violence used to opea- it; and with it was found part of the missing papers, but no psrt of the maoney. Witnesses were called on the part of some of the prisoners to contradict one of the principal witnesseu for the prosecution, and Taylor endeavoured to establisL an aziK . The learned Judge minutely summed up the evidence, and ater a trial, which lasted seven hours, the jury found all the prisOners Guilty. Chambers, Brown, and Taylor who, being under sentence of penal servitude, hal been brought by hab=es corpus from Stafford Gaol, were sentenced to 14 years' transpottation, the other three prsoners to 18 monts imprisonment. - -xARCH 257' CROWN COUP.T.-(Before th CnEF rBARoN) Thomas Henry Taylor, 43, -cabiet-maker, s t up.thismorning to reodv te- eapon Uhree dictmnts -fororgngacoep oes to aUigeamonnuit,4o which he had The -prisoner made a long statement in mitigation of punishment, in the course of which he explained that he nad been very successful in business and carried on a very large tad6 as a cabinet-maker in Birmingham, but that latterly, owing to the extensive nature of his-engagements nd the difficulty of procUring money since the war, he had Been tempted to raise funds for the purpose of mee temporary difficulties by means of forged acceptances; andI he aluded to the indulgence which he had received at the hands of some, who might, as he intimated, have proceeded against him. He described with affecting earnestness the mental sufferingm of himself and his family.'and- concluded by appealing to the merciful consideration of the Court. Tfe CBrsr BAxo., in passng sentenCe, expressed his deep sympathy for the prisoner's family and for the proner- himself, on account of the anguish oof mind which. his misconduct must have brought upon them all-; but the -statement which the prisoner had made showed him that be had commnitted tbis grave offence upon the slihtest and least excusable of all motives. No temptation of want operated upon'hins; but, in order aise caital andenable hirn to increase his business, had violateTthe laws which were essential for the protection of comnerce. The learned judge sentenced him to nve years' penal servitude. Mary Wilson, 44. laundress, was indicted for the wilful murder of Emma Wilson. Mr. A. Wills appeared for the prosecution; Mr. O'Brien defended the prisoner. It appeared that the prisoner wasawidowv, wiosehisshand, by whom she bad several children, died about five years ago. About 18 months since she formed an improper connexion with a man named O'Connor, the result of which was the birth of a child in December last. In the October previous, from some cause or other which did nof appear, she married a person named Wls3on, old aud infirm, With whomn, however, she had never cohabited. On the 16th of Januiarv last, about 6 o'clock in the evening, she was obserred by a witness named Elacknell, who was standing on the Adelaide-road-bridge over the river Learn, at Ieamington, to be walkng up the side of the river in a meadow, through which there was a priv-ate path, but no public way. She was accompanied by her son Henrr a litt'e boy of 10 vears, and was walking, not on the path, gut on the meadow close to the river. After walking 50 or 60 yards up the river they returned, and when they were near the brd,ge the little boy was heard to cry ouat, "Don't do it, mother!" immediately after which both the prisoner and the child were observed struggling in the water. Assistance was procured, and when the prisoner was got out of the water a bundle dropped out of her arms, which proved tv be her baby, Emma Wfilson, then about five weeks old. The prisoner was just able to exclaim" ;Whbere's my boy?' but afterwards became insensible. Mr. Watson, a sargeon of Leamington, gave evidence that the baby died very soon after he was caDled in, and that upon the restoration of animation the prisoner was delirious, and continued so for some days, after which any reference to her child caused great excitement. Witnesses were called lo prove that on the afternoon of the day on which the occurrence took place she bad been to the office of Mr. Field, the magistrates clerk at Leamington, for a summons against O'Connor for the maitenance of the child; that she appeared very much distrssed end complained of great pam in her head; that on her return home she cried very much and was still in great sorrow; and a neighbour, w.hose house she passed xt half-p 5 with the baby and her Eon Henry, said that she looked very wild and strange. It was also shown by several of her neighbours that she had for months past been subject to severe pains in the head, accompanied by dimness of sight and occasional loss of memory; that these symptoms had been much aggravated by her confinement and by the want of proper nutriment, the consequence of great poverty; and that she had been a hard-workinug woman and a very k 3ind mother to all her children.- Mr. Huron, the surgeon to the gaol, proved that, when admitted to the gaol, on the 29th ef - anuary, she was very ill and weak in mind as well as body, and that it wassome days before she became quite rationaL. Mr. Hiron and Dr. Jeaflreson, an eminent physician at Leamington, considered that she was now sane, though of feeble intellect. Mr. O'Brs, having addressed the jury for the prisoner, The CBnIE BAxoi left it to them to say whether, in the distracted state in which the prisoner was, it was not possible that she might have fallen by accident into the rivers There was no evidence at allthat she meant to put the boy into the water, and, indeed, that -had not been suggested by the prosecution; and her clasping the baby to her while in the water did-not look like an intention to get rid of it. If, however, they thought she intended to kill herself, and had thrown herself into the water with that intent, and in so doing had taken the baby in with her, that would be legally murder; and if theytook that viewof the case, it.would then be for them to consider whether she was at the time in such a state of mind as not to be responsible for heracts, and, if so, they wouldfindcher notgualtyontheground ofinsanity, the result of which would be, that she would be detamea in safe keeping. The Chief Baron thenvery carefully summed up the facts, and The jury returned a verdict of Zot Guilty, when the prisoner was discharged. Lord Campbell and Mr. lifellor, C.C, have awsisted today in the trial of prisoners, so that the whole business of the assizes was brought to a cloee this afternoon.
WESTERN CIRCuiT. . 11MIM IIN MAvRT 9 NTCT PDT-n Pi n-n,., The business of this Court yesterday was not of a very im. portant nature, as will be seen from the following statement:- BBISTOL V. DOWDICG. Mr. Coleridge appeared for the plaintiff. The action was one of ejectment, but was undefended. :E5ABLY V. GUY, THE YOUNGER. Mr. Coleridge was counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Cole for the defendant. This was an action upon a promissory note for 5w. Verdict for the plaintiff. BURLAIA) V. XORTBhU ANYD ANOTHER. 31r. Collier and Mr. Karslake were counsel for the plaintiff, and Mr. Serjeaut Kinglake and Mr. Maynard for the defendants. This 'was an action under the Interpleader Act, to try the question to whom certain goods belonged. It appeared that on a former occasion an action was brought bythe tenant of a gentleman to ascertain certain rights. The costs were not paid, and a levy was made on goods which were supposed to belong to the party who had been unsuccessful in the former action. After an uninteresting trial, which lasted a long time, the jury retirea to consider their v6rdict, and, aftersome time, they returned a verdict for the plaintiff. CROWNV COURT.-(Beforc Mr. JTu4ice CROWDER) Ann Hoyte was indicted forhaving concealed the birth of her child. The evidence 'was conclusive and she was convicted. xr. Hu-hes conducted Theprosecution. The prisoner was not defened. Mr. Justice CRo'WDER said, itw&s necessary that these offences should be put down. There was not in this case any reason for supposing that the prisoner had made away with the child, but. as she had been in prison ever since the 7th of August, he thought.the imprsomnent she had already received was a sufficient punishment - he should. therefore sentence her to be imprisoned for four days, so that she would at once be dischamged. John WiUes Was indicted for asaulting Elizabeth R. Tenby, and carnally knowing her, she being under 10 years of age, on the 24th of June. Mr. Archer was counsel for- the prosecution; and Mr. Saunders defended theprisoner. The poor child gave a full detail of what had taken place. She was only six years of age. The prisoner, it appeared, was in the employment of the child's father. As soon asthe father (who appeared to be a very respectable man) knew what had taken place, he saw the prisoner and told him he was a ruined man, and that he had committed an act -which would transport him; but, as he respected himn, and for the sake of his (the father's) own family,- if he would make his escape and go into a distant part of the country he 'would not take him up. The prisoner said he could not go, but went out, of doors. Ina short time the -proeecutor was caled into the garden, and there he found the prisoner lying under the hedge. He had a razor in his hand. The prosecutor said, "I Vhat are yoa going to do with the razor7d' He said, "Ir' cut my throat." The prosecutor said, "You shall not do that; give me the razor, or I will give you to the police." The prisoner then said, "Will you go indoors, and talk with ne ?" The prosecutor said, '1 Yes, John, I will; you know I have always respected you, and treated you as a brother." They went in, and the prisoner said, "What has the girl told you?" Theprisoner said it was not so, and the girl. would not say so in his presence. The girl was then called in, and repeated the story. The prosecutor said, "Now, you must leave me, and go home to your own country, which is 60 miles off." The prisoner said he had no money. The proiecutor said, "I will pay your expenses of going, and give you money;" and, as he was i a state of excitement, he told him he had better change his dress, and go to chapel as usual. He cDuld then get a lodging for the night, and go away in the mornin The prisenei then left the house, but returned the next morning and asked for the raso. The prosEetor refused to give him the razor, and the prisoner then said he 'woulddestryhimsef by some other means. He bP6ged ie master po let him takce a service a few miles off, but the pro*ecutor said that would not do, he r.ust go to lis owrn eontry, and lie gAve7 ili- soizi' moncy.- The prisoner then quitted the house,' as tbU jpo sector believed, to leave the coujitry, but, firding _in afw days afterwards that he wAs in a-place of servicein tbe neighbotixhood, he caused him .to 'oe appt'ehende&' be <ordinary topics-were urged for the yirisone~r, and-the fact of his remaining mn the neighbourhood aftbt1 offer e£ esc,ews mado tojhimn s much reEied upon.'- : chaving summed up with ;rei The jury then returned a verdict of Gauily. The prosecutor then said that the prisoner had been a very zespectable servant and had conducted lixislf in a very proper mauner until this occrrenee; he therefore begged to reoommend him to 3nercy. The leared JuDGI then sentenced the prisoner to! be ketin penal servitude for sixy ears. lhyAomxs Briant was indictedfor forging the certificate of the register of a maarriage. He was further indicted for having illegaUy solemnized a marriage witHin the 21 days of which notice was required by the act to be given. The prisoner peaded "Guilty." Mffr. Justice CowDm said, the prisoner had been placed in a situation of conudenoe and trust, having been appointed a ristrar for the solemnization of marriagee He hbal a very excellent character; he had been ilready five months in prison, and, therefore, he should only sexence him to six months' imprisonment with hard labour.
OXFORD CrROUJ"T 'EREFORD. 31".cu 25. T he commision for the county of Hereford was omened. yesterday with the usual-form%s and afterwards-Mr. Justioe Cresaweli and Mr. Baron Bramweel1 attended Divie seryic at the cathedraL B as 4ounmeneed this mornir t 1 D'clock, MraJ ge ll,tle gin -the Cf.viiiurt, onc3l 33-Baon: rhmeU in Al'he OAminal -Court. The auwse t eoutansa EiAt of three causes, two of iwich aMet m rkedfo jiajndres. The rommon jury cause-wav an action brought to try the title to a stripof land, and to a. a right of way. After an attempt to try it the caupe was referred. The bther two actions were for not farming land axording to the rules of good husbandry and the cutom of the country. The calendar contains a list of only 12 prisoners, the smal number being owing to the winter assize held bere ia December last CRPiLeIAL COURT.-(Bfore Mr. Baron BRiawWrE ) Willinti Mullens, alias Bn, 35, was charged with utteriugafor-e 5L Bank of ERngllnd note, at Hereford on the 5th of Fera 18G ; with intent to defraud. Mr, Huddleston appeared for the prosecution. The prisoner was undefended. It appeared that on the 5th of Febrnary list, it being fair day at Hereford, the prisoner, atbetween 5 and 6 o'clock in. the evening, went intothe.shop of Mr. Nash: a boot and, shoe maker, in Sign-street, and purcliised ajulr of boots for llsi He tendered what was beieved at the Stiie to be a 51. Bank of England note in payment, and received the sumof41. 9&in chage. At half-past 6o'clockthe same evening he went to the shop of Mr. Jone, tailor, in-Broadstreet, and purchased a waistcoat and a pirof trousers for the sum of IL 6s. He there tndered what purported to be another 51. Bank of England note, but Mr. Jones declined to take it. The prisoner then said he could give hin another, and tendered him a 51.-note of the Cheltenham and Winchcomb Bank, dated 1818. The prisoner left with his change, and in a few minutes Mr. Jones ascertained that the Cheltenham and Winch-comb Bank had had no existence for many years. Mr. Jones, upon making this discovery, followed the prisoner to the railway station, and induced him to come back to Hereford to settle the matter. WUile on the road a man came up and, having asked the prisoner what was the matter, offered to settle with fr. Jones, but the latter mas inexorable, and Lave the prisoner in charge. He was then taken to the police station, and, subsequently, a bundle was found at the railway station and claimed by the prisoner, containing the boots and clothes which he had prased. When the prisoner ws searcbed he had nponhimn what purported to be a 51.e ank of E a s- land note, a 1IOL-note of the same-beth bad-and also a 61. Cheltenham and Winch-comb Bank-note, and 71. 17s. 6d. n gold and silver. The prisoner in his defence said, he had taken the notes as good ones m the fair, on the sale of a horse to a ian who said he was a farner; but he called no aitnesses. The ury found the prisoner Guilty. Mr. aron BRAWM LT, in passing sentence, said he was afraid the prisoner was a trader in this sort of business, and, from the conversation he had had with a man. - Hereford when in custody, that he belonged to a gang wlvohad come to Hereford for the express purpose of getting rid of as many of these bad notes as possible. He should there fore pass a severe sentence upon him-viz., that h bo transported for 20 years. The prisoner, somewhat excited, said, "Do you think I shali live so long?' He was then removed.
HOiME CrRnITPT 3NGSTON. M3ARCH 26. (Beore Ar. Baron ALDERSOX and a SpccinJury.) VOSS V. CHISHOLSL This was an aetion to recover damages for a h'ieL M1r. B. James, qC., Mr. Barnard, and Mr. Uoyd were counsel for the plaintiff; Serjeant Shee, Mr. Hawkins, and Mr. Daly appeared for the defendant. The case was only partly opened by Mr. JAxcs, who stated that the plaimtiff was a young gentlaman, the son of a banker at Swansea, who entered the army as a:suageon irn 1851, and, after remaining some time at Woolwich, was ordered to Canada with his regiment, and was stationed at MontreaL The defendant, :Dr. Chisholm, was: the chief medical inspector; ana the plaintiff, to a certain extent, was under his orders. It appeared that a soldier named M';furray was tken ill and died, and that an inquiry in conaeqe;nce took place into the condluct of Dr. Chisholm; and durmig the proceedings certain letters were ent by him fo Lord Hardinge and Lord Raglan, and it i'agfor the Tepublication of these letters in which maniy ierious and'un,founded attacks were made upon the cliaracter of the plaintiff-in the shape of apamphlet-tliat the Present action was brought. Mr. James stated that the pIamtiff attbe present tume was serving with his regimnnt m the Crimea, and-he was abont to enterinto somenfartherparticula-, when Serjeant SEzE.oseand said,he was instructed on the part of the defendant to express his regret that 'he had republished the letters in question. Dr. Chisholm bid himself received full justice by being reinstated in his former position ; and, afterreading the evidence apon oath withregardtothepost mortem examination of the soldier whose treatment was the subject of inquiry, he' felt bound to state that the representationsconta'med in the letters were founded in mistake, and he felt it due to the plaintiff and to himself to statethis publicly, at the same time consenting to a verdict being taken anainst him. Baron Awsaisox said, it was clear from a pernsal of the lelters that the defendaut had this justification,'that he -was in the first instance endeovouring to clear himself. He added, that in his opinion the course that had been taken was hononrable to all parties. A verdict was then taken for the plaintiff, vith 3L 5s. damages. Sr V. W'INER. This was an 3ationto recover L5001. upon abond executed by the defendant. The material evidence relied 'upon to the action was contained in what is called, by a recent alteration of the law' under the Common Law Procedure Act, an eqiitable plea, which alleged that the bond in question was not intended to be carried out,but thatit was merely given as atemporary security until a mortgage should be effected upon certain property belonging to the son af the defendant. Mr. Petersdorff and 3fr. Hance were counsel for the Slaintiff; Mr. Hawkins and Mr. -Prentice appeared for the Sefendn. The circumstances under which this action imas brought were somewhat peculiar. It appeared that the defendant, Mr. Matthew Winder, was a farmer, residing in the neih. bourhood of Saffron Walden, in Essex, and that his son, Mr. William Winder, was possessed of property to some considerable extent, in right of his wife, in the same county. In the year 1851 Mr. William Winder had become desirous of taking p6session of the Blue Posts publichouse, in the ayvmarket, and all the arrangements were completed, and on the 31st of August he was to have possession upon paying' a sumn of 1,503!., and if he failedtcomplete the braeain he L ould have incurred the lossof a very considerable stun that had been paid as deposit. Under these circumstances, it appeared that he applied to the plaintiff, who is a solicitur inJ Chancery-lane, for an advance of money upon hmis iwife7s property; and it wa, alleged that the latter, weU knowing the nature of the property having been originally engaged in some litigation connected with it, and having succeeded in recovering it for the lady-consented to advance the requtired sum nporfmnortgage. Shortly before the day ap - pointed for the payment of the money to eable thb defendant's son to take possession of the publichouse, according X~ the case for the defendant, the plaintiff represented that be had not had time to look into the title to prepare the deeds for the mortgage, but he said he was ready to advance the money if a bond were given him as security wutil the mortgage was completed; and, upon this, the bond in questicn was drawn up and executed by the d6fendant, his son, aud Mr. George Wakeling, a highly respectable auctiorneer at Chehmsford, who was acquainted with the faamily. It appeared that two or three months afterwards a regnular mortgage deedwass executed, but the plaintiff never gave Bu the bond, and he brought the present action to recover fiomr. the defendant, who was one of the parties who had esectite& it, the amolunt that he had advanced. The issue, according to the form of the pleading.s being upon the defendant, fr. HAwErzs addressed the jury, tamd stated the above facts. He then called the defendant, his son, and ;Mr. Wakeling as witnesses, and they .a1 swore most distinctly that when the deed was executed the plaintiff expressly stated that the bond was merely a temporary securityuntil the morigageshould be regtilarlyexecated. The deed-itself was quite in the ordinary form, and made no mention of any such condition, but, on the con trary, expressly declared that it was given as a collateral seconty in addition totheimortgage. A1l the witnesses, however, sute& that the deed was never read over to them, and that they were quite ignorant of its contents, and they sigoed it entirely upon the representations made by 3Mr. Su,ith as to the object for which it was executed. It transpired in the course ofthe case that the son of the defendant subseqnently becamne bankrupt, and that the plaintiff took po~temion tef his property zunder the mortgag,e deed, and was ;.ttlc present time in the receipt of the reuts. It aiso appeaired that there had been a good many legal proceedings between the f.'n'ties, and that one of ifi. Smith's bills for coats amm,o,rtedl to 60x! Mr. PErERSDORrP havnig intimated that it was not his intention to call witnesses, MSr. ILAwrcns, in summing up his case, mnade sonis e cry severe remarks upon the conduct of the laintiff in the transaction; and he said he was astonisled, after the evidence that his witnesses had given, that no evidence was adduced on the part of the plaintiff; and he urged that iti was clear that he was avare he could not answer their testimony, 'and that the attenmpt that was I)ow being made to enforce the bond was nothing butacmn.dalous fraud. Ur. PF.TETLSDoRFr then addressed tle jury for the plaintiff. He said that it was entirely up1):n his rerpno)sib.ihty that the course of not calling witnesses had becn tik.n,
WORTH WAlES OCRCUIT. DENJ3W,'Ai5WA'LB. (* eidre Al?. JMusace ;RLE.) Winliam Williams was Morged with the mA M;hter of !Da,vA yffin, and Willian Jones and John Rekerts with -iding and abetting -him. The prisoners -siuendered in s chargre of their bail, and pleaded "Not (Gilty." rr. Swetenham aud Mr. Horatio, Loyd were for the 'roseeution; and An. iacintyre for theiprnmners. The circumstances were these :-On Sunday evening, the 14th of October Itst, there was a wed1ng at Llanfair Talhaiarn, a z iise near Abergele, cand the deceased, the prisoners- (ho are labouring inen), and other persons, inclading a'nman named Benninin Pierce, had been drinking together on that occasion. About 11 o'clock at night WVilliam Williams, Robeet Williams, and David luke left. They had not gone fat when they overtook the deceased, accompanied by the prisoner Jones. It appears that the&e'partbis were all affected by the drink they had taken. Kyfin asked for Pierce. WiDliam Williams said that Pierce was not there. Kyffin then asked if either of them would stand in his shoes ; on which Wiliam Williams said that Pierce had behaved well to him, and that he would stand in his shoes. Byffin said, " We'Ul go into tle field, then." Wiliam Williams said, "No; we may as we}l baveit at once, on the road ;" but,3yffin insisting, to the field the parties went. William Jones fetched the other prisoner, John Roberts to see fair pnlay, and the two acted as -aeconds to the principals. Before ray fighting cons- se2iced Wlliam Williams said to Kyffin, "Here's my hand- and heart." Kyffin took hold of Wiliams's hand and strack him a blow. Both then set to; but, after n 'few blows had been exchanged, kicind-g wmas resorted to. Kyffin fell down, and while he was on the ground William Williams gave him a kick. The seconds then interfered, but on going to Kyffin they found that he was dead. A pest noi'tea examainmtion of -the bodyby3Ir. P.. Davies, surgeon, showed that death was caused by a dislocation of 'the second bone of the neck. There was discolouration of 'the-skin, extending from the neck to the hips. Mr. Davies "-was cross-exarined to show tart the injuries might L7ave 'een caused by a fall against any hard substance. It apx pearedj hovwever, that the field was a stubble field. His LohDsmf said there was no doubt that the .pri-sonera' were engaged in an unlawful act when Kyffin met his death, it having been proved that they were fighting, Williami Williams as the principal party, and the others aiding. and abetting. The question -for them to decide was wihether the-deathof Kyffin was caused by that fighting. If so, they would return a verdict against-the prisoners. - After a short consultation, the jury found a verdict of - iot Guilty, the foreman adding that they considered "the deceased's neck was broken by the fall." The JUDGE.-Doyou believe, gentlemen, that'hisdeath was caused by the fighting? Foreman.-Yes, it was; but we think he broughait it on, - and that itwas eutirelyhis own fault. We think that the prpvocation the prisoner had is certainly somethirg- The JTflDGE.-lf ybu believe that, then it is an-untrue verdict. You thinkdeath was caused by the figting,-and find the prisoners not guilty. It seems to me that by-such a verdict you are violating your own oaths. A second consultation, occupying a few minutes,- only resulted in a confirmation of the originalveidict. His loansmrsp ordered the irisoners to be -discharged. He was fully prepared to take into consideration udl the qualifications which the case admitted, and it seemed to him that the two seconds might have been idischarged,and that the other man had also been imprisoned suffi. ciently. He could not but think, however, th2at it -was a -dangerous thing to go forth that men might fight-an7d:death ensue, while there would be great difficulty int -makisg out that it htad occurred in consequerece of sutds fighting. He was extremely sorry that their verdiet had been returned. Isaac Price, 37, charged with maliciously cnttipg and wounding John.Robertsat 11anrhaidr-ynwM chinant,pleaded "Not G-uilty." It appeared that the prosecutor, John Roberts, is a sheriff's officer. On the 2Sth of July last he and anotier baiff went to take possession, under an eiectment, --of a house and premises in the above parish, called- Plasbedw, where the prisoner lived. Having removed tthe -prisoner, his family, and his furniture from the house, thelprosecutor - 1placed a padlock- upon the cowhouse. The prisoner knocked oft' the lock with a hammer; prosecutor interfered to prevent him, on which Price struck him-n-violent blow on the head with the hammer. He fell ownoPn - his face, and Price gave hir two or three hard knocks -onz the head, -which completely stunned him. The wounds, described by ILtr. T. W. Davies, surgeon, were four in number-one of which,oz> the frontal bone, was one inch anda h-alf in length, zeaching to the bone, the scalp being also torn up in addition to the incision. Price was veryrefractery,-ar declared - that he would not leave the place " as long as breath or blood reinzined in his body." The prisoner, who was very loquacious and - energetic in his defence, said that 'the prosecutor wasthe agressor, and that in the scuffle his wife knocked the bailiff en. his head rvith a spade. The jury returned a verdict of Guity, strongly recoin3mending f5-; prisoner to mercy, " because .there was, no proof that the warrant was read by the bailiff -to the prisoner." ThomasWMlliam Iloyd, -who accompaied,thelprosccutor distinctly siated that the warrant was read,overanore thaui once to the pEsoner. His . Lo BPauriu expressed his surprise tbatthe case had been selected s one deserving the' mercy of the Court;. for, if the mainteaance of legal authority in the possessien of property was worth anything, such an inted0ereace .vith it as hadbeenr shcinin this case should bevisitedwithLcondi.-a punishment. Sentence-12 cnonths' imprisonment and hardlabolr. Ellis William SEdwards, a young man of respectable extenor, was chargef, with having uttered a forged .rece:zt for St. with intent-tn defraud. Hfe pleaded "Not Guilty." M1r. Welsby arsd s3.r. Beavan were for the prosecit-ronM1r. Macintyre ane Mr. Vaughan Williams far the deuse. Mr. WnELSur ns- d this was a prosecution brought by the Commissioners of bland Revenue. In 152, uawn the4eath of a person nau e6 Cheatham, who was the widow of o o Charles Cheatham, ieflarchwiel, legacy duty upoz property bequea4iZedbyChzii- Cheatham became due, that duty qjng payable, by Thoma >heatham, as executor. In tDecember,': 183, the _egacy Daty-office applied to Mr. Cheathamafor the' duty of 3;., Veing .5 pr cent. on the amount. - It aappeared -that Thox3s Cheathzv, employed the prisoner tpspy it,, sdeemimg h4n conlpete.si for such a commission, kUowin hss le did, that he had a.-ed as clerk to several attoan_ysan Wrexham. Ins short i-ie after the prisoner produmed.ani instrumenxt.n-irportug tc be a receipt for the sum of 3t.,' -from the L_ccy ?qty-office. The forn was not that which: is now in use,,but an old one, employed before the lIlandZ erevnue was nsoh,dated. Tvho signature purported to be -4hab of Rlenxj:-flaes-keth, who bad been distribuf4)r - of Atamps at ,0hcs'6er; 43 date of the receipt was' April, 185. A v-alua±4cn of furniture in coninexiou -with 1k. Cheathangs (the testator's) property became necessary., which valu:tion was intrusted to Mr. )rvfn, managing cleti to MEr Leivison. Mlr. Irvin prepared the proper forms fort hat puirpo, and claimed the abate=ent of the 31. as dut+-pidd, wvich it subsequently transyired had not been pai- by the p;esoner. It appeared that 1fr.,Henry Hesketh died on the 3&ih of August, 1S53, seven uponths praevious to the &Ate of the receipt- it would also i be pro-sed that the hade-Aitig waz not that of Bir. Hesketh, nor anything like it. r. -Helrth was succeeded in in the4stamp distributorship St Chestcr by Mr. Swetenham, who, as :wel l,as all the persoA in the CPiester Office,would be ,called to pror!e that no coisms.uicatisr ffrom the prisoner ,was ever'received by them. Thomas Chehtham (who is brofther-i7u-lw ofthe prisou-er), on being called4 and the receipt -geerred X placed in his pnds, said he had seen it before, bait wpuld not undertae, tosay that it was given to him by the pz'soner, nor that the prisqner had told hin he paid the money. T witness g cepoijton before the istrateswasp3edboforsJiim an d after eing dnuly cautiPned, the learned cosunsl repeated his <uestion, but 'he persisted in the above steaement, r4ding tNat he conld not now recollect. hr. Irvin deposed to a conversation between bips and fle risoner on the subject. The latter said that "be hadseg$ fs psoney to Chester an4 that in a few days afterwards 'Wjypd the paper back," Witness also stated that the h ' ga th instullneU tWas in the prsoner's handwrpirti F;ipster, agent to the Legacy Duty-office at Mfr. shoam - haW never given the receipt. Wrexhamn, said, -et tatthere was not sufficient l,[r 3NL, C-L, T 5j34 that, even if it were proved cvidence of the uttering, ' the paper to Cheatham, there that the prisoner had qives. ' s wit!i a. guilty knowledge; wa, no proof of his la-V.1g don' 'kto Chester by him, and for the money might have been sen,_ `+dit and'forwarded acme party theie might have appropri' the forzed receipt to the prisoner. *-'t The friendsE of°thUe accused nddl the alesghbQo;v-' Cl WrexJsma;c lihiyl acapectablo.
_ _- IRBBLA2XD. 1-- ?? fm? DUBLUT, .W ;DSESD &Y; THE tRS}I CENSUS FOp-R l s J been . bighl: interesting do cment ha3 Jub beeng issued; it is the report of the ca6niissloners- r. ! William Donelly, the Registrar-4eneral, and Surgeon William Wilde-to the Earl of Carlisle on ages and education, with reference to the census of the irishl population taken in 1851. The results are set forth in tables. which distinguish by classes the ages and education of the people in the rural and civic districts of Ireland at that period, the civic districts conprisig the popdlation of all towns having 2,'O) inhabitants and upwards. The following are a few extracts from the report, the whole of which is not yet printed:- cg The number o' persons of all ages in Ireland on the 6th of June, 1841. vwas 8175,124; on the 30th of March, 1851, it was 6,552,&Q6, as under:- Mdales. Females. Total. Per_ons in Irland on June46,1841... 4,019,576 4,155,943 8,175,124 Ditto March$3,1851.. 3,190,630. 3,361L75G 6,552,386 Dereas .. .. 828,s6 7,93,792 1,622,738 *The Decrease per cent. .. 20 6 191 19i8 "The number and ages of the population in 1841 end 1851 are g-yoer, y , t and fie vear persi&di for each province, county, city, and lvsrg ioJWh ajdh, iu order to show the relative changes ,t g.dh age-period, these numbers have been reduced to a bMs1 of 100.000, from which it Wlll be seen that at the rolloiving ages the population was proportionaly greater in 1851 than in 1841:- l0 and under 13.. 12,46i .. 13,7031 60 and-under 70.. 4,227 . 4,777 15 and und 20.. 10,843 12,47F, 70 ad under 80 .. 1,600 . 1,731 43 and Und& 0. 9,203s.o . 9.63 soand under 9o.. 42. 562 EO and %flder 60 .. 6,484.. 7,417 "'While it r.was proportionally less at the following "e At 100 years old. andipwatds epropoS 'was the same in 1851 as in 1841. The ages aLt which the number of the peorle was proportionally less in 1851 than in 1841 were -'tinder 10 years,' '20 and under 40,' and '90 and under 10a.' " The tables show tlhe poptlation of Great Britain in 1851, and of Ireland in 1841 and 1851, in absolute numbers, and also reduced to a basis of 100,000, omitting therefrom the ages not specified. " Bromn these it will fbe seen that between 1811 end 1851 there was a large -dinfinution in the proportion of persons under five years old in the Irish population, when corapaxed. with the proportion a'he same age living in Great Britain, in 1851, caused, nozdaubt, by the famine having prevented marriages and births to a considerable extent. We are tnable to give accurately the total decrease in the nurdber of marriages duning the period of the famine, as there is only a partial xegistration of marriages at present in opaeration in Ireland. From this registry we may, however, give an estimate of the prdbable decrease in the number of marriages in the caurse of one of the famine yearsS-1847. During 1846 there were;9, marriagesregistered. In 1847 the number registered was only 6,943, being 2,401 (or 25 7 per cent.) less ths in the ,previous year; and, assuming that the marriages of PBomanGeatholics (which are not registered) fell off in equal:proportion, there would appear to have been a diminution in 12 months of more than one-fourth in the marziages of the entire population, which must have caused a corresponding decrease in the number of births of persons who in 1S51 would have been returned in the class 'Iunder five years' of age. Taking the ages firom 5 to 20 years,- the proeortion per 100,000 -was so much greater in Ireland than inuWreat-Britain in 1851 that, although there was a large diminution in the proportion under five years old, yet in the relative number-under 20 years of age there was in Ireland, when compared with Great Britain, an excess of 2,992 persons in every 100,00. "'The ages at which the greatest and least diminutions took place between 1841 and 1851 in the numbers of the people were:- " A remarkable feature in connemion with the ages of the populatioi in Ireland is the number of persons who have .been returned as 100 years old and upwards. In the whole of Great Britain, vhich contained 20,059,477 inhabitants in 1851, there were only 319 people returned as 100 years of age and upwards, while in Ireland as many as 711, insa population of 6,552,386, were stated to be at and above that age. Of these latter, 215 were males, and 492 females. It is worthy of observation that in the year 1841 the number of people returned to the LIish Census Commissioners at advanced ages was also large in proportion to the total population, when compared with the English census returns for that year. "The greatest age returned in the Irish Census'Report of 1841 was 113 years; in 185,1 the oldest person was stated to be :1.21 years of age; in both cases those very old people were males. The number of females 100 years old and upwards in 185-1 wvas more than double that of the males. " With regard to the causes of the diminution in the population, and the extraordinary variations which appear in the proportional numbers at each age, in 1841 and 1851, it is impossible to do more than attribute them generally to the calamities which befel Ireland in 1846 and the four or five subsequent years,-owing to the want of a general system of registration of births, deaths, and marriages for this country, similar to that which has existed in England since tlle year 1837, and which was extended to Scotland in 1854. "For the purpose of ascertaining the state of education of each individual of the population-as had been done by the Census Commissioners of 1841-a column was inzerted in the FlamilyRetmun, in which the person filling the form was required to state, with regard to each person in the house, whether he or she could 'Read,' 'Read andWrite 'or 'Cannot Read.' It was not sought to inquire further intothe degree of the cducation of the people, although itwould, no doubt, have beenmoredesirableto Imowthe numbers whocouldspeakor write any foreign language, astherewouldthusbe affordeda means of classifying the educated portion of the people into several grades, according to their recorded literary acquirements-an important point at this period, when so much laudable exertion is beingmade towards raising the standard of educatioa in these countries, and also of comparing from time to time the progress of superior as well as prinary education. The information, however, contained in the tables published wvith this report is of a. most valuable kind, an it enables us to trace the progress which education has made in Ireland during the period which has elapsed since the census taken in 184L " On a comparison of the numbers whocould neitherread nor -write in 1851 with those retumed in 1841 it is gratifying to observe that there is a diminution of the ignorant amounting to 4 per cent. of males end.8 per cent. of females. It was scarcely to bo expectsdthat the proportions of the uninstructedwouldhave decreased, even-tothis extent,betweeh 1841 and 1851; as during thatperiod the countrywasvisited withl several years of famine and its -attendant calamities, which have always a decided tendency to retard the progress of education. Manyof the.cbildren of those classes who would, under ordinary circumstanlces,hbe.engaged in mental culture are in such times of distress -obliged to assist in procuring the absolute necessaries-of lfe, insteadof attending to;theireducation; and thle remuneration-usually given to the teacher is applied to -the relef of physical wants. When periods of famine such as shave been felt in Ibeland pass awa3y, it iS no smasatisfaction to fnd thtat in a few years education is found net ;erely in the position to which it had '-previously a tained, but, under -very discouraging circumsiances, to have made some progress*" A CONVICT OafFRGYhTAT. The parish of Thniscamra, in the.diocess of Cork, which has been sequestered Sor a number -of years for the pgyient of the deht.of the incumbent, the Rev. Ol2iam Beresford, is -now the subject of a suit in the Consistorial Court of the AMahbishop of Dublin, to.ennble th3e Lnd iBishop .of Cork -to appoint anoier rector. A copy of.a citation was posted on the gate of the diur-h at Innizcarra on Saturday hat, as the prelirninauy -of a suit to depri've the Bek. William 3ereafoid-oF -the prebendary rectory and .,carage of Inniacarra. The roceedings are institsted by the Bishop .of Cork, Cloyne, and Rosn. The citation state6 Ihat iihe suit i " to deTprive the Itev. William 3eresford of his bene- iise. for felonious' nttering in the co.nty of York, in;EiDgland, on tie 4th of N ovewaber, 1$4A, a forged bill-of exchange for 1001., with inteot to defraud one Ramnnel Laycock,:of wYhich felony the said Rev. William Beresford wuas convicted at the assizes for the. ¢ounty of York, on the 8th of Deeember, 1855, and - ntenced by the Court to be transported 1beyQl4 tlXe seas for thLe term of his natural life." The ctiiation requiires thge llev. Wi]liaus Beresford f% appe3r;iii the Consistorial Court of the Aohbkeiop. Of .E)ulAin on the 17th of April next, to-ate-rthe aboy.eallegaton. - . ' qHE ,, ,3T- s . Thefollowvingsensible definition of the meaning of the basedtenaut-right of Ulster is supplied by the BeSf4 ,3,felcaitile Jokurnia,-a paper of no'nmean authority .upo2 -the subject of w- lich it treats.' "Out of the system, almost peculiar to the north of Ixeland, arose a state of things that has led to constant fear of heart-buming on the great estates, and the only wonder is that so few cases of suffering have arisen. This is highly creditable, not only to the landlords, but to the tenants and their representatives. Indeed, as far as t.he former are concerned, webelieve tle general rule has been to put a very Liberal construction on the term 'tenant-right.' Of course, we are fully aware that dancerous associations-fetrts of Stest and others-arose out of this arraugement;but the only wondewr is that they are not more frequent, particularly as the Legislsure did not at an earlier date turnits attention to a gubject fi aught with so much. danger. We sha)l again use, as mqaus4f illustration, the great estate of the Chichester famii'y S ,an.E wre are not far wrong in stating that its rental before anysaes were made did not exceedp 40,0001. per annumn. We Iay4 also reason -to know that the present improved vaide.of :tLe Poor Lav Guardians is about o00,o oZ. per annum. Nowv, at is evident that this value is nit one produced by i,n,roYenients * for ali the buildia'-s, the town d! Belfast includec, wv9u]d Sail far short of proA'uniag a sum of capital equal to thi ;eual. It wvould be dan2gerous to attempt to valne tbe diii,ge.nc;. but this, wvhatever it mnay be, is an enhancemeent of yJue derived from sources very distinct from the.tcnnbe.nrigllt promised to the settlerw We bjle-:e that in this feet Wi bip found the true cause .f all1 t,hk di'i"rtlr% t7'-'t f,r,6i: ;i2 to JeaS PtN k .~~~ # .~~~ exbRAted and, certainly, this mnuist in justice be -kept A Ft froml any claim a tenant may make for inprove ments. This, how-ever, is not done, and in very many cases thi amuntis ncud,- inthe expeniditure which the ten4 is supposed t - manent irnirove3nents. It s- Ut 4+.nant the is also tl's case that the lanoiord. wields to greater part of this in calculating renewal fines. Our object in these latter obsereations is to show that the agitation of tenant-right, as a genezbl question of legislation, is most injurious to the Ulstel taenners' interest, which- must suifer by any valuation by arbitration or otherwise. The reason of this is evident; for, if we take the best farm in this province, held by a parochial farmner, and value his buildings, fences, drains, &c-, at cost price, and give him credit for such improvements on the most liberal terms, they will Produce a sum very far short of what his tenant-right will, ceing so much so that it would he the interest of every landlord to extinguish the leases by paying the value of improvements, hy which a very great amnount of personal snffering would be caused." TE FUT4. Three per Cent. Consols, 91,l 92; ditto, for account, the 8th of April, 92A ; New Three per Cent. Stock (shut), 925 ; ditto, for account, the 8th ot April, 92M i; Mdland Great Western Four-and-a-Half per Cent. BAlway Debenture of~ ~9. ailays-Dulinand Wicklow, 1Ox. paid, for acco'nt, 5;Great SoDuthleirnand Western; 51. paid, 520; ditto, ]~our per Cents. Preference, 111. paid, 9A; MIidland Great WVestern and Royal Canal, 501. paid, P0; ditto, for account, oO.
This NEw STmiETr iN CLERK7NwELL.-The extension of the linle of steet leading northward from Victoria, street to Coppica-row, forming the new street in Clerkenwell, proceeds with considerable rapidity. The filthy and mean habitations which were devoted to the purposes of the most offensive trades have disappeared, and the new line of street has not only been marked out, but the arches have been t in, and side rails erected along the sweep from Vest-street -to Coppice-row. Some portion''of the ground has been raised considerablv, but the surface is undulatory, and apparently levelled vithout due regard to any contemplated irprovement of Holborn.hill. The Improvemient Committee of the City of london have nothing to do with thes,e veLs; they ale carried o17t in accoidance with the plans proposed by the Clerkenwell Commissioners, appointed some years since. It is expected that the new .Sttle wif b tbxgw5 o"n &1.?t thg ni4dIs 9£ Aay,~r
TRAUDS ON U2DEBWRI E-R. An unusually large attendance of members of Iloyd's took place yesterday at the aunnwa meeting at tho Subscriptionrooms, Royal Exchange, in consequence of ai notice given by zp of the members of his intention to bring forwaard a rnotion in re ' "to tbe c.°ndition of the underwriting business as it now exists '*1 ldr. F. Baring, Md.P., president, w' in the chair. I The private business having been disposed of, MIr. WATTS rose and said he had been cof°.eed to give the notice attached to the requisition Sil ,moning the preF ent meeting, as it sf.omed to hira t"e only available means of calling the a;tention of EleImers generally to the serious condition, ;r a considerable and increasing portion of the I r,derwriting business, to. some of the mischiefs that had already occurred, and to the inevitablA yesult that must Aoke place unless sQme immediatn isnd effectual steps were taken toarreot that & 1iwW!A tendency which the room for some tilme past haA L'chibited. Take, for, instance, what had. occurred qatring the last year, or thereabouts, The 1-us4W event-to the honour of that association it might 'be so described-had taken place of several membern, declaring themselves unable to meet their'engagement.-; next they had witnessed the withdrawal of a body °f 'mfiuential members from the underwriting department, on the ground that the risks and liabilities were so disproportioned to the prerninums that the busminess of underwriting was to a great extent not only an unprofitable, but a ruinous operation. Then there had been individual secessions, some giving up business wholly, so-me in part; some determining to refuse to insure goods to any port of export, especially manufactured goods shipped from the Mersey or the Clyde; others had come to a similar resolution with respect to bodies of ships and to open policies, because the experience of late years had proved that no possible profit could be made out of such a class of risks. Was this state of things to be permitted to prevail without some effort beingimade to put an end to it? 'Was it fitting that such a condition of business should be allowed to exist in such anI important and influential association as that of Lloyd'san association which was a commereial neocessity and intinmately interwoven with the whole vast commercial fabric of the empire ? What was the cause of this state of things? The answer was not difficult. Of late years a complete change had occurred, not only in the mode of conducting business, but in the principles which governed business transactions; and, he might add, a new race had come forward with a new code of commercial morals to put those principles ito action; that while: everything had done homage to what he supposed, in the phrase of the day, he must describe as the " progress of the age," there had been no analogous movement on the X part of the underwvriter, who had not adapted his system of businessto the alterations that occurred, and the natural consequence was, that under the pressure of competition, which acted with peculiar severity in the direction of profits, he found himself distanced in the race; he saw, without any corresponding counteraction on his part, that business, year by year, became more uncertain-more speculative in character; in fact, to a great extent, as he should. endeavour to show, almost a matter of gambling; but of that Idnd of gambling in which the stake was the underwriter's whole capital, and where marked cards and loaded dice were used against him. BIe would briefly remind the meetin¶ of the purpose for wlhiclh that room was established. t was established on simple and intelligible grounds,-for securing the shipper and shipowner against the perils of sea and storm, mid, though the underwriter's liabilities were extended in various directions, and embodied in that piece of antiquated incomprehensible jargon called a policy of assurance, still the liabilities and responsibilities of the underwriter were sufficiently limited and defined to enable him to make those calculations performed in all other occupaations, and by a fair adjustment between premium and rsk to see his way with tolerable c'earness to a reasonable profit. But would any member a'tempt to define the extent of an underwriter's hability at the present day? He had in vain attempted to ascertain it. He found the most exaggerated, contradictory, and preposterous notions afloat on that question. -In fact, it would appear that the general practice was to asswume that the underwriter's liability began everywhere and ended nowhere; that it was only necessaTy to get an underwriter's name on a policy by the lure of a small premium, of which in particular classes of risks it was intended he should never see a shilling, to make that circumstance the foundation for every conceivable and uufounded kind of claim. Look at the increased risk for which underwriters now were responsible. First, there was the great change made in the size of mercantile vessels ; the unwieldy and dangerous class of vessels now employed; the clipper nuisance and danger; the use of iron in the construction of large ships ; the difficulty, as every shipowner well knew, of procuring competent captains and mates ; the impossibility of manning ships with ablebodied British seamen ; the necessity of making use of undersized, drunken, outport and foreign lubbers, Suite unfit for seamen's duties, thanks to legislative tinkermg of the laws by ignorant statesmen, for the most part set in motion by interested adventurers, who now felt the consequences of their own selfishness, and were the most eager to retrace their steps; above all, look at the increased risk of collision, arising from the introduction of steam, and the reckless sacrifice of safety to speed. Each of these changes would constitute a large item in the list of additional liabilities, but, combined, they pressed with such crushing force on the underwriter's profits and capital as to make the undernvriting business one of certain loss, and perhaps of ultimate ruin, if persevered in to any extent. It might be urgedtbat this was a question of premium only, and that underrviters had the remedy in their own hands by insisting on a suitable advance of premium. He denied that the view he was about to present to the meeting of the question had anything .whatever to do with premium. It was on higher grounds that he placed his question. But he would observe, wvith respect to the feeling that umderwriters had the remedy in their own hands, that, practically, this was not the case. That which would be found at the root of all the existing nislchief, and, if nothing was done, all the mischief in store, was the want of unity in that room; it was an association without the associative principle. There was no corporation for tho commnon interest, as was the case in all other societies founded for a specific object. There were no general rules for keeping business within legitimate channels, aud for thne idance of members in cases of emergency; hence it was, that as every new member was obliged to conduct business according to his experience or want of experience, an irregular system of bnsiness was introduced, and inovations and novelties, all telling against the underwriter, became established usages. It was therefore hopelesstoexpect, as experience hadproved, that any co-operation, even forthe common benefit, couldbe brought about. Honhad stated that the case he proposed to bring under the notice of the meeting wvas not a question of premium-it was a question involving the character and the honesty of a portion, and an increasing portion, of the business transacted in that room. Ee asserted that a shameless system of imposition was practised on the underwriter; that there was an organized system of premeditated fraud in the guise of claims for particular average, for a damages by seawater, which was rapidly identifying itself with ordinary business, and against which the underwriterhad no sufficient protection. It was impossible to write goods to any port in the world without having a claim made for alleged -ca damage. The extent and audacity of this system indicated a condition of commercial morality perfectly appalling. Shippers and manufacturers lookednot to the profit of the niarkets- so much as to the profit they could extract from the pockets of underwriters by manufactured claims for pretended sea damage. It was necessary to cheek this nefarious business. It could not, however, be done by the present' safeguards. It was a delusion to consider the law as affordin- anyprotection to underwriters against dishonest claims. 'he extra costs, if successful,-which was very doubtful indeed,-and the annoyance would be found in nearly every instance to outweigh the amount of the dishonest claim. Then, again, the system of agents -was rather a favourer of manufactured clainms than an obstacle, because the agents, though disposed to act fairly, could hardly be expected to do so when it was considered that their duty and their interest were placed at variance by the mode of payment. It was the same with the class of persons called "average staters." They were, with some honourable exceptions, rather an assistance to the fraudulent claimant than a protection to the underwriter. The proposition he had to make was for the meeting to agree to establish a board of investigation, to which all doubtful and disputed claims should be referred. The decision of this board should be binding, either for the claim to be paid or resisted out of a common fund. He also proposed that a re,ister of claims, the names of parties, and the nature of the claims be kept for the use bf the members. Re was satisfied that these securities must be afforded to the underwriter in order to put a stop to scandals which every year were becoming more prevalent. It was necessary to have some tribunal to which to refer claims, and to do that which underwriters could not or would not do for themselves, and it was equally necessary to have a register for claims, in order that underwriters might know who they vere who dipped their hands so deeply into their pockets; and also that unscrulpulous traders miglht be wamed that henceforWardthey ouldbe marked anad lkown, and that their source of dishonest profit through the agency of fictitions claims for damage by sea water, which they had openedforthemselves, wouldbeclosedforthe fature. He then reverted to the committee, and suggested that thecommittee should be empowered to frame some general rules for the conduct of portions of the business, and concluded by moving two resolutions, to the effect that it was expedient to appoint a tribunal to investigate claims, and that a regibter of claims be kept, to which underwriters were to have unr:stricted access. Mr. HOPPER seconded the motion, which was put, and dLeclaved to be negatived. ,ffr. WATTs was quite prepared for this result; he -was satified thatthetimewas at handwhen all members, leading megbers and juniormembers, must combine for self-proservWon. The same overtrading that had occurred with respoet to A ustralia, and for which the members had been made to saffex * by unprincipled shippers so severely, would soon be tepeas 'ed, now that peace was at hand, and speoulation anf ove Ttradintg, with their consequent reaction, 3night be expetet 1 to go on in their customary round. Mr. WrLLS thou ',ht that the proposition for a board of examination for c aims was beset with insuperable difficulties, and could no& % be advantageously carried out. The other proposition fora register of claims might be of use to memberA, and wZas wort Ea further consideration. It was arranged that tl e discagsionshould be revived by another - motion for next Wednesday, and, after a vote of thanks to the chairman, th. meetin adjourned.
To THE EDITO± _ 0Oh'T 2E TIMVES. Sir,-It is probable that CIA S envaRt5" whose letter appears in yonr paper of this day i I tawfieVOf the existence of the. "Female Servants' o . l X z-garden, an institution which meets the want -% U-411,"A Servant" feels and which might be beneficially enla Ed4did it xgvelve the support it merits. _ _ I am, Sir. your obedient se- *XITt}s J I juarjvu h!.
LORD SHAFTESBURU XT AA £CHEESrBp The Earl of Shaftesbury having acceted an invitation ts attend a meeting of the Young lden's 'bristian Association It Manchester on-Tuesday evening, the operatives connected with the late short-tUne movement availed themselves of the opportunity of waitng upon his Lordship to confo'- - imn upon the nature of Colonel Wilson , ,_ -wen mnaendisig the -rw relating to ti r.. .. '' 'Itt'iM bll fdi' lThe intsr'=i*vz. soels -iv--l - ncing of gaachinefl'. . -. - 1 ve aa the Albion Hotel, Manchvtfr, on ~onuay evening. The operatives expressed themselves desirous of throwing no obstacle in the way of the proposed - mneasure so far.as it referred to the modification of the law affecting machinery, bat appeared to have a vagne idea that advantage might be taken of the opportunity for smuggling into the bill provisions at variance with. the Ten HNura' Act. The noble Earl said the bill had not been printed when he left town, but from what he had heard, it had nothing unreasonable in its provisions, and did not contemplate aly disturb'ane of the provisionis of the Ten Hours Act; and so 1oPt as that was the case lie would advise them rather tu hssist than oppose any measures calculated to pro4not-e the interests of their employers. The Earl of Shaftesbury afterwards proceeded to a meeting of short-time delegates, at the Cotton-tree Inn, Ancoats, at which about 200 -men and -women were also present, where Mr. Paul Hargraveshaving taken the chair. Afr. Thomas MIaudesley read an address, thanking his Lordship for the services he had rendered to the factory operatives by his advocacy of a restriction of the hours of labour. " Of the m.any advantages (says the address) which we continue to derive from the operation of this salutary meaSure, it is ulmecessar for us t-o say more than to assure your Lordship that all the benefiCial results foretold by its promoters are now being realised by those who avail themselves of the opportunities which it affords for recreation as well as for intellectual and moral instruction. f our improvemaent as a body of operatives has been less rapid and less distinctly marked than might have been expected, it is obvious that, to whatever other cause or causes this result is attributable, it cannot be ascribed to any defect in the measure itself, but must proceed, as it appears to us, from a disregard of thei own interests by a portion of the workpeople themscelves. Our experience, however, encourages the hope that it wiMl gradually disappear from among us, and give place to higher views with regard to their interests and duties as members of society. Indeed, we flatter ourselves that the time is not far distant when those public parks whichhave so materiallg improved the sanitary condition of our city, -when the free library and those scientific and literary institutions which are so great an honour to their promoters-will become the general resort of the working classes in their leisure hours, to their physical, moral, andintellectual improvement." The Earl of Shaftesbury expressed his gratification at learning the good results of the measure which he had been instrumental in passing, and Lord Ashley afterwards briefly addressed the meeting. On Tuesday evening Lord Shaftesbury addressed the Young Men's Christian Association at the Corn Exchange, dwelling at some length upon the evils of what he termed diseased commercial activity, leading to that competition by which young men in shops were taught to make the worse appear the better article, and by which the customer was to be seduced in a variety of ways. ; 'He also referred to the evils arising from the too long detention of young people in shops and other establishments lowering the whole physical system as well as the moral taste and appetite, while it increased those of an opposite tendency. A number of leading clergymen and other inhabitants also addressed the meeting. __-
MIEDICAL LEGISLATIOiN. TO THIE EDITOR OF THE TIMIES. Sir,-If the letter which you lately didme the honour of publishing in your columns has induced any member of the Legislature to reflect on the so-called representative principle of Mr. Headlam's medical council, I cannot. doubt that at the proper time some voice will be raised in the House of Commons against the proposed committal of the Mledical Bill. It has a dear soundto Englishmen-that word "representative;" and so may it ever have ! But it is curious to observe, in miany political movements of this not profound age, how artfulUy the name is appliedc to that very thing which it least of all fits. When some job has to be done of a more than nsually centralizing kind, when s omething of national interest has to be smuggled from under Parliamentary control, when some monopoly has to be established at the cost of an unsuspiciouspublic; let onlythe magic and popular word be enough sounded! Our sentinels are at once justified in yielding to sleep. The British lion purrs in feline complacency, and soon rols before its mesmerist in ecstasies of pleasure, lile its humbler domestic cousin in beds of valerian, There is an element of sadness in this tomfoolery. It illustrates something cynical or cowardly in our,public life, that, when once this cry of self-government is seized upon by the promoters of any cause-however fraudulent may be such seizure-men -who could expose the misappropriation shrug their shoulders and are silent. It maybe the sheere$t humbug and claptrap; it may cover the very, oppposite to wvhat it professes; it may (as inhMr. Headlam's bill) meanI an irresponsible centralization of public functions in private hands ;-but what of that! 'Who shall be so unpractical as to care for an abstract principle? or who so paradoxical as to affirm that the sacred word is profaned by the priests of the people? Heaven avert from the medical sciences that misrepres2ntation which Mir. Headlam designs! He -would cut the profession off r£om that higher representation to which it may fairly aspire. Instead of joining it on to the State, as the church and the law are joined, and thus giving it an utterancein Parliament andin the Cabinet for its legitimate complaints or desires, he would leave it with the constitution-and therefore with the political insignificanceof a club. Lodges of Freemasons and all sorts of benefit societies may indeed claim an absolute right to fix by representative councils the terms of admission to their several bodies. For therein the State has no interest. They are forrmutual, not forpublic, good. But isthisthetheory on which the medical profession shoulld ask for its new constitution? Can some shallow demagogue persuade the medical practitioners and corporations of Great Britain that such is a true exposition of their social state, and suich their course to better appreciation in the country? - f have insisted on this radical error in Mr. Headlaus's bill, because it is not of a technical kind. It can be estimated alike by doctor and patient, by learned and unlearned. Aud so great an eiror in the proposed machinery could hardly fail to frustrate admirable enactments, if such were promisel in the other-more exclusively medical- clauses of the bill. But, in fact, throughout these other clauses Mr. Headlam seems tobelegislating with an equaly imperfect knowledge of the case. It would be unreasonable, Sir, to ask for space in your columns to set forth a complete justification of this statement; yet I hope you will allow me, as briefly as possible, to show that some of the errors into which Mr. Headlam has fallen, though of most interest within the profession, are of a kind to be understood by the laity. For some reason best known to the promoters of the bill, Mr. Headlam appears not to recognize the well-known existing division of the profession into three classes-namely, of physicians, of surgeons, and of surgeon-apothecaries or general practitioners. Every person, moderately cognizant of common things, knows that, except among the wealthiest classes of society, the so-called general practitioner performs almostexclusivelythemixed duties of ordinary attendance on the sick; but that in cases of a certain gravity it is frequent, if the patient's circumstances allow, to call in for consultation some second person, who in one class of illness is a physician, and in another class of illness is-not a second surgeon-apotheeary or general practitioner, but simply-asurgeon. Foralthoughamongthe general practioners there are not a few instances of high conjoint attainment in medicine and surgery, yet (as would seem inseparable from the more compound occupation) they are on the average much less advanced in medicine than the consulting physician, and much less advanced in surgery than the consulting surgeon. The public' recognizes this fact in the use which it makes of the three classes resliectively; calling in the two consulting practitioners, each in his department, with a view to assist the general practitioner; and this use of consulting practitioners is by no means confined to the well-off classes of society, since even the pooiestprofitby the same professional arrangenment andare constantly transferred from their own attending general practitioner (often at his wish) to the more special treatment of a hospital physician or a hospital surgeon, All this is unrecognized by Mr. Headlam. He insists on dividing the profession into physicians and surgeons; and the proposedregister of legally qualified practitioners-a miost essential part of his scheme-is constaructed on this principle. Now, Sir, supposing you had to direct a census of Worcester, what would you think of a proposal to enumerata all its inhabitants under the two heads of a class which eats bread, anda class which eats butter? Would it seem a'farfetched objection that, though some may have bread withIoutbutter and some may have butter with only potatoes, yet Worcester, perhaps, contains some:poor creatures with neither bread nor butter, as well as many happier persons with both, and that these two sets of persons would be lost from your enumeration? This does not seem abstruse, and would probably not strike Mr. Headlam at first sight a3 illustrating his classification of the medical profession. He insists on ranging every member of the profession-under one of two heads; forgetting apparently that many of such Imembers may claim to be under both heads, while some cannot claim to be under either. And, to get over the self-imposed difficulty implied in these last words, he aetually proposes to enter as " surgeons" in his register the names of certain apothecaries, who, Jgr ought that apI pears, may even nDot Dvu received the r-udb49gb of surgical education.* .- I speak of this diffieulty as solf-4mposd, because it arises in that forced classifieation on which Mr. HeRdlhun sis and which he miglht easily hxve avoided by adhering to the' plan of a single alphabetical register, ro constructed as ti '. F, 1 ?ie-9 4 - 0 v4Z.7M ?Cac., ir I 'ut tb wovis .7 ?.??:.y ?. jn-a 73 U, v 9, set opposite the namne of each leIally qualified prachtionetC a specification of his medical titles. Mfr. Headlam's samne inapplicable register rcc&gous in l.ii biUla very ser -us flaw id 'what r; es to surery; for t1h higher- de' ne -of thsb.4 ' are completely ignorea n theb `e full title of "surgeon" is bespoken for those whose professional position might be much betkt marked by some different appellation. The future cooro. mencing general practitioner under this bill, if it should become law, will have been examined equaly by physicians and surgeons, and will virtually be a licentiate of both their colleges. 'Why then should one co'lege only contribute to his title? and why contribute so liberally as at once t(a raise him to professional equality with its president? t:I wll be no nearer to the type of a full surgeon than. to that of a full physician. He will have shown app .s4ble profi. ciency-and no more-beth in medicine and in surgery. His licence (like the corresponding dieloinas of the present day) will attest merely that least o.mount of medico-chirur.z gical knowledge with which it is considered safoto let a maIs loose on the sick public. N3ow, if in each department there is tobe recognized so!6e higher grade for those who educata themselves beyo:d the mere legal qualification of sufficieney forpractice 'vatd such recognition hsgenerallybeen advocated as aesirable), surely it would be well to reserve the fu]2 tit701.r distiinction of "physician" and " sugeon" for those higher developments, and, ta provide that new members of the profession, till after some second test, should be registered -ender th.p generic description of "Licentiates in medicine and surgery." Again, among topics of professional discipline t.here aro probably no propositions 'vhich receive more universal consent than these ,-that the primarymedieal education should be without special distinctions; that for entrance to the profession (whatever path of practice may be a man's ulterior destination) there should be one portal only; thatf none should be allowed to enter on branch-practice by theo short cut of branch-education; that every candidate (whatever his fature intentions) should be required to possess at least a certain proficiency in all the departments of meda. cine, and to pass through a primary examination in whic'.Ls no distinction would be recognized between men meaning to be piysicians and men meaning to be surgeons. Having at such an examination shown that his general professional attainments are not below the minimum of qualiication fixed, for public protection, as thecondition of legal entrance on practice, let him subsequently be as special as he likes. After proper extension of his means of observation andt study, let him become a fellow of a College of Physicians or a fellow of a College of Surgeons; in the one case specially a physician, in the other cae sopecially a surgeon; or let; him, by gaining both fellowships, fulfil the highest type of at general practitioner. But, at all events, let him begin impartially. Though he is to be a physician, let him know anatomy. Though he is to be a surgeon, let him have resources beyond his hand. In all this I doubt if there be any difference of opinion. among competent persons; and I am therefore the more surprised that Mr. Headlam, vhile affecting to legislate oil medical examinations, should have ignored so important ; principle. For in his bill it is, to say the least, no, secured. by any direct provision. On the cortrary,rwhile personsintending to be either surgeons or general practitioners are very properly destined to pass before examiners representing all branches of professional knowledge, persons intending to be physicians are to be examined solely by representa.. tives of that one branch which the candidate purposes topractise. It is not difficult to foresee the evil to which this part of Mr. Headlam's plan would inevitably tend. So fatas it zmight not be inoperative, it must revive a nearlyobsolete school, very self-satisfied and very ill-informed; and even though it should bring back powler and pumps I doubt if these renewed embellishments of the physician, would compensate us for having given a legal sanction to his being the least educated member of his profession. I have now glanced at three important features of 2dr; Headlam's measure-features which represent its main oh jects. For constructive purposes, indeed, they are the whole bill; but two other parts require a few words of notice. His council in the first year of its existence isto receivein registration-fees somewhere about 30,0001.; and in after years somewhere about 20,0001. This is a good deal of money to be taxed out of the medical profession; andc though it might not be grudged for great professional objects, Iquestion if it will readily flow for the purposes of the bill. The destination of this large amount is left uncer tain; butit seamasmainly a provision against the great cost of that impracticable council itself. And no wonder ! Some of the English members may be supposed to dine at home; -but all others of the 24 will be, for bed and board, the pen. sionaries of that fund. Their cost will not be triling. NTine lamps of "northern light" to be fed in London, and six: it other wandering fires" from injured Erin, besides our own, provincial luastres ! Yet 20,0M00. is a large income; and I have speculated-whether there may be any secret intentiorn that this new body should replace the expiring Commont Council of the city of London, should entertain triumphant Royalty, or assuage the griefs of Poland. Further, this bill proposes to extinguish many existing powers of mcdical licentiation. It proposes thus to deal with all universities of the united kingdom and vwith theApothecaries Company of England. NoW, it may be necessary, or at least highly desirable, that in each dvision of the kingdom there should be but one licensing tribunalthat the others should aU serve as mere granters of titulardistinction. This may be necessary; and in order thereto it may be inevitable that certain privileges should be with. drawn even from the universities of Edinburgh and London and from the Apothecaries Company. But it deserves notice that the medical profession is under obligation to theseinstitutions; they may at least claim not to be set aside without consideration; and 2r. Headlam's summaiy planfor abrogating their privileges is certainly not to be adopted' on the ground of its forming part of a wevl deliberated. system of medical reform. In conclusion, I would venture on one other 'opic. It - has been greatly vaunted that this bill receives the assent. of the "imedical profession ," by which term the promotersare supposed especially to denote the general practitioners of the country. If this were ever so trne, I am not sure that it need preclude a rational discussion of the bill, for the primary object of medical reform is, not so much to please an existing race of practitioners as prospectively to secure - great public interests. Bat is it true ? Among the texts which medical agitators have lately made most conspicuous in their programmes of professional reform has been a dogma, that the profession should be protected by penal enactments against the competition of unlicensed, or even of heretical, practitioners. This, no donbt, has been an acceptable doctrine to the mass of medical men; they have seen before them the fulfilment; of an impossible dream-a land of milk and honey, vith noherbalists, no hydropathists, no bone-setters, to mar its joy; andI believe that such support as Mr. Headlam's bill has received has been almost entirely dneto an impression that it would compass so desired an end. This fond imagination was dissipated on a first pernsal of the bilL l Not only had MIr. Headlam refrained from. attempting any so impracticable enactment, but he ad evea withdrawn (perhaps inadvertently) such little protection a3 general practitioners now enjoy Luder the Apothecaries Act. of 1815. A glance at the medical journals for the past few weels will show the full significance of that omission, forthe promoters have been obliged to promise that stringent clauses against unlicensed practice shall be pressed at somao future stage of the bill. About the other parts of the measure, the mass of the medical profession has probably given very little thonght. I can easily conceive that many practitioners would feel tenderly towards a bill which offers them at. least the new powerof electinato a medical counciL It would imply virtuebeyond one's expectation of human nature, if, in some future re-arrangement of the legal profession, attorneys should be the first to. protest against a proposal to form them into a. constituency for the election of judges. Some institutions also would derive sach great pecuniaryadvantage from Mr. Headlam's proposed change, that they can hardly be expected to regard it with disfavour. Especially the London College of Thysicians, unless it b3 inspired vith rare disinterestedness, must offer vows(though, Ihope, with blushes) for a measure which -would. so-greatly enrichitspoor, but once proud establishment. Setting aside, however, such involuntary bias, persona!, and corporate, as may affect both sides in this discussion, I believe that the conscientious judgment of the medical pro. fession, as expressedby its acknowledged chiefs and most influential institutions, will be found thoroughly opposed toalmost every detail and to every distinctive principle of Mr. Headlam's bill. The measure threatens us with inno. vations for which there is no precedent. It afects manyinterests, public and private, scientific and pecuniary. It oaght not to slip through Parliament as though it touchecl but sonie indifferent question of private legislation. I am, Sir, your obedient servant, S. T. If-
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-Altbough I bave not seen it stated in any news. paper, yet the report of my having seceded to the Church of Roome has reached me from so many different quarters that I think it may be a satisfaction to my friends and aeq naintance to record that such rumour is without the lasft foundation. I trust you will per=it me, therefore, to say. through your colnumns, that I am perfectly satisfied withi my positiona a, ~ peber of the Church of :England, and should be unable, conaientiously, to loin t;he coinmumOn on 4,ho 9hurch of Rome. 1 &m. Sir. yoar obodient servsant, .n. 0. rl., ,,--ftlil -vict-ory, 'I"4inwor Itarch 25.
SALES BY AUCTION At the Mart. To-morrow MUEeRS. NORTON, HOGGART and TR1Tr J.i.E be to inform the public, that the PPROP 'RTIES adtied for eale bY auction, at the Mart, To-axwrowv, at 12, win be offered as follows, wiz._- 1. Bixtoun, Surrey.-Leasehoid Cottage Residence and Land. 2. C2apham.-Valuable Fre-hold Residences, tarkhalt-lane. To IId.I-I ench Paperhangings direct fromn Paris, Fancy Dc. ztiens, and a large Assortment of English Paper. 'ESS]SRO:i3S wil SELL by AUCTION, at M their Covooi endeu. THIS D cY, ch 27, t 1% YR2ma PAiP ti>NGDZG S recently imorted disect from Pan-s, -ew and eleat s)atteme in &atin.- and flock, enriched with gold, also f.t cy decorations for drawing rooms and boudairs, and a LIrge aseortXeut of ED.ish PaMers of a superior description, arranqe4 into conveaient lots. rt o.lon view in Covent-garden Valuable OtPintng Water-colouir Draings,E,gmvn ,c. ~IF.HODGSO ~USELL by AUCTIO, a hi, ILL new Roew a. the.coener of E'leet-stroct and C anoeey-tane, on I'e&j*Arl1. zndWiedniesdaY.Apeil 2. at balL-past 12. a valuable Am-emb"~gc of PAUNT2gGS. InCLuding historical Portraits, bew4tiful ,cabinetltecirnm ens, gshar? foreign, in every variety; marine and. ,coaat.scsery, choice iooeauof laniscape. sketchee. k. the masdne 4abectis, ampnising four great xaval battles, are by that distinuised .aime Da,±er, the late T. Lung, Es, of Teignrmout,b being the np 9ew %or .r. Var2Y, ren.oved rrom York EfueSrn by order ofth2b hawnees; tC which isaddedzeser{chojce pain~ ,lustu it reeifed fre4bee nrtioet, including a Dw portraU of Charles I., byfDobwon, gnecl9rsg of Rje followring snastera-lassa(, Cararatee, Veronese, - (luido, Go;briobina: VOD*. anT OtlerS : SOS 6 Portfolio of Water.colour V~;ae, t j, of a 1eman from the country, containing a very pleasing colfacti~u ayrriS,B p B cEa Earp, GWilson, Chasoberri, YIe, Fsoord,3 rar b yNedD f i Langridge, tc; a box of Rown:e, Visir-4oiCt, Ti b2 Tgewd, catalgu S21ae on ap;pUcali,- rserodcal Sale (establisbed In 1843),a teV,~~t aelo o Thursdayin eyery month, of Abeola. Tr'ud - toutinentievla 0058 Ir Funded Aid etherwonsty VW- Annuities. Policies ofI Assurnce, dvowons, lext~eeer W' ,rial igists, Rent Charges UenLe of Tithes, ?PtfostC Bod Tontinev, Debentures Improved Rmts, SbhUatu s Dqel 0sails, -lies, Railways, Insur-1 1Sot POmalOS. suid oWth 7p e andext-akinas for the present MAIRSH V~sto umnounce that his PER1O. 9DICAL SALES (Siblished in IS4Nfor the disposal of eyerr Iecr=to of the a)",ove-mentloned FROF TY, take place on the Inkut Tb yinweV4lmcth throughout the present year, asutnder:- Janu*Xy 3 fmay Ieptmber March 6. ~July31 No!4vember 6 A r113 I Angot December4. abei Induced to hold theoe. lsfrom the increasing demads r te tansfr o prudl ofthls description, the value o whic 'mans f Ivestentis dilybecoming bietter appreciated,~ andfom hs eperinceofth heavyydaba and great d uilHty to Whi41 t hs ben xpoedin the ordinery course of sale, and the expeSWjce f te lst 2 yarshis proved. the above pilan to be equally ad'~atagouso vndos d prchser, te assfication of numerus lot redeingth mens f ublciy me.effectual and less exuemiv tote vndo, ad smplfyig tu tassPerto thet prhaser. Moie of slesntededto e eeetdhyheaevemeans ehould be forwarded. to Mrx. marsh at lstaota anteeetto the above dates in order that tymahvehe benefit of publicity. The parti. caulas and soaileu o yaor 'cthe ensuing year may bie obtainedt sevendsayspriortoexis day of sate, at the Mart, and at Mr. Marsh'% offloes, gP, C`hatlotte-row, Manaiisa-houso ; or wil be,forwarded fre on APplcation PeriOicalSefeE5talishdtn 843) of Reversions, Policies A un~uitieg, Shars, ond,Jr.-For Tkirsaday, April 3, an Absolute Reversion to theSumof 1,00 Treepe Cent. Annuities, receivable on tic deceaseof seds'no Ite2dyear of her age. j~JR. RSH binreceived inistructions to iznclude rtMntl eriodical Sae of Rev ersions, Policies &,- LUTERVERSONtbl0edinI00o TReeversio.Ans,Pucitear, Annrlyhesand-a-H er Ce Th nuitis,da3rt ofri -Alage Asoumstanin invetheo osmoe! ~oetvseThree trustees,. And utis receivable on te dceae o ladynowin ~ ~ inthe t2d year of her age.Patcarmybotandt the Mrt; o G. J N ecolson, We. soliio.f R aymrsond-bPucilding, Peeriodical Sale (established in 1843) of Reversions, Folicies, Annuicies, Shares Bonds do., for Thursday, April 3.-By Abstoluoftehevers-o tot fo Tofa£1,00 by,Three pef Cewnt A lnuities kru, rcial ondth decehse ofsea .ofInthe idrtgye-ar of her age, cyinte a M R. MAURSrE has received instruetions to include in -his next Monthly Pleriodical Sae of Reversions. Poliies, k;o.,a ~~ted to talce place at the Mart on Thursday, April 3. at 12, th merlY o SUAC llh-n--a fopr Chen Anrnuities,par offectarer sumth Ltanding Isuac oit i ue &8 n the name of mothepetalmTates,adSeeivble o lthedeofaTownfalady aliupnowIn agedS6dysargfther age. taticular usma decobained attheren Amarnt;n of 184. to ihoso, maq.,g solictoer. 5,ay- Peridicl Sle estblished in 184) of Reversions, Policies, Annuities, Shars, ond, d., for Thursday, April 3a-By doirctiof thurne AsLifeAseuariefSocietyi.thGurinAsaceOmnyo bwreceived instructions to iniclude i Mpone onthly Periodical Sale of Reversions, Policis to., a pnet aelace at the Murt, on Thursday, April3 a 3,2at 12, a &OLICYo ASSU A Efor the sum of z3,80, effected with the Guawda n Life Assur ance SceyI ue88 C ompny teLieofba-thomas ineApri l8ate tei ofoTwn a ln.dynmut now ag ed 65,h together with thebne douesrelared thereon, anmoutngnSyto57maing togethlfd.Anulperm£i0u7 X2 s I'taiclr ayb bmed at the Mart; ofEwadMceo,Eq.slitr59 Licons-m Cinn-ils; zofio~ Moesrs. He.refandshC. Conr sof ir 19ok, soUtoeytree35, Southarkptonbeisrs.i GrehrandeRoweeale soliciatoM. 1rshs, offiserstreec cros n tlf.MA' fle,ZCarlotte-row, Maasion house. Periodical Sae (established In 1843) of Reversions, Policies, Annuities Shares, JBonds. do., For Thursday, April 3.-Ah volucyof Assurancefo thevesumn tof £8 Oeffected Into Saeo the GurinASuance D Compnysons rcialonthe lifeae of a lady now Inghrd0th6ear lIjR I ARSH has received, instructions to include ,L.Linhis next MonthlyPeriodicalSae of Reversions, Pli0ci es,d. ap-pointed to takeo p lace at the Mart. on Thursday. Ari, at13'cok ABPOLICY ofAS RSIRANC for ONthEsum of£80 efece wihh Guardi,6anFire and Life Assurancte Acomp tany,Lmbr-stnreet InApil c84ounth ilif of ldyno in hh ad as,ertte The yiear Itgteres wichthe bonsesdecare threo, aouningto40 ndsertdeAnnulofpraemsm £2luable AdvowoParncdaa a bex robtatione toat RetheMart;tf wessrs Collin, sollitor oss, lere oforale LnofnM. Co-,slctr5 Chrltt-rw Mansionhousre.evdisrcin oSL Shaes Aonds,ION,atth r .o Thursday, April 3, h aubeabslte12 Reverpreionsto aisone-tid oar or Share cof the Sumof £4,800 CosoL receVable an tedecaeo lady now NaTIed 65teETOYo AYInhis nOOExNG Monhl PheodicanSal of Reversitions Policies, do., apptoined otakelmfrdi placeatthoMrt,fond Thursdy,torihlSat the Conors,estanin Inecthed anam of sthronedAcyonntan-enesof bathell Cour countd usatrust Intesaido cause, enotld The Lifden gIntreenost Acocun nofMargaretnChamdheretesurfeebgelnutd. under thehWiebef James Chmer,the testator Innthe landings noamel andc pyabe onetiae ath dath fthel said Margar2-.TeinJumbenrsiaednhPriculdyars May be obtasoineditothe Mart Lnolsnf Medssr. ofWeao Hend RuErkeey,solicitors 25e nllee-hillrr Fltehoetlste; anda Mxf r. n CMbrhsofiges, 2,darloterow.sMansion-h Carouse.rw asinhu Nearuabl ADowset-qnr and NetPreseentatin ta rk.eclgory,Ieuaewihodin TWR. MARSHEhas received instructions trom SeL UCTOION, at the Mart, on Th ursday, April 3 at 12,teeiil DIVWELLINandOUE an PRUS0ENTASO to the% 3REoRY ofL AYTHOP ROTHIN,Inte conty f ERex,ewthin a50- miles wofk disanc ofChemafrd nd ishpicStotfod =Tereetory,houel has rasnged .pAke meadwluand, greood walledgrden, comreeinhouse doaho- muted nte£87 Sh,od.pranu, and thitluietotalmincoeis estoimatedg a atth MAstceSuwas21'rTeceincmend instInctitons year Maynbe viewed, an paticorewithecondtin of sale pobtainedor tof W P. SUCott EIOe atth soictor,5, Lnoln's-inn-relds:ao Geo. t Hensm lan, leq,oitrE, 2tee, CoKenigethllna vthe hotbelsatOfrordtad So,i Cambridg;andiatnr Marsh'storiest, 2, i Carlotate-rw, Manis rpdkion-oue,sn r -el Nearlto orset-squtar e andthe Rean'epsk,-gbeLeshl n i~R. M1ARSH hass receivedintctosfm the T AmiL persoalterioftesenatie Mr th Weese rpietor to SELL by AIJOThON, at the Mart, on Thursday April 3~ at 12o'lc, the deliil dWabeLLAINGYHOUSIEaNdCUIESS No. MIES, Tahr okstre Piandc8, shop, yrA.do. prcluingrenat f n a rly talof per annu,hl -o ser of 8 yers, rom ady-ay, 833.atrte moderateren.t a lofw MAnaspRSHum Maybeeceewed, andsparticulas, wth coniton of sale,obtaied onthe remiss; atthe Art' o Mea, Sc1 n n ott,n Combs, solicitors, 25, Blocparkklerd Crob Charotte-rw, MAnsion-hue and ; Nedxt Fresnair.Marsh'secor offie,2 of evsgon-A vthnalouabl formieehold Propertyn, comprisingy dostble- fronthed SheropWligo, and caitl ausnes xStare onsesadointing.rito 1JR. MAURSHE has receivedl instructions ton cELLeTIO AUTIthe Mar h t, on Thursday, 3.Atri 12.a the vluabesFEE WSOLl WELn G-HOUPRSETAT~BUINXoteSSPRMPSEYo54,HAgh Astreet,Densngonshr, withidoublefoute Shop, ine afuven commadngpr PrtesiOraeo,nde ientarecaltoywhoue,bursitb nheresenincumbnwsth and populatiohn,oderately estin,pemated-itopdute afrentalgth sofu£8pe annum'ou am also theblouwlfth old-acestab lshelad, roersiBstiness, whiche meadobee conduted or ith scpcessu result byt-houe aendoar's faltmly bupwadsifn0gyas. The rsn umtock inTrd aid o6thyear affects mabeetna-esaetfovaluationmceoptrinonsoteqpurncilheaser.Maye chucewed,al and patiulars.adth uuto, withodtos fsl,Otinedat ethrely onth prmiss' f &B. oule, Fq.,solcitr, 3, acresho and.sThet and at Mr.D,pursant'tofs 2, Charl otte-ow ManinhCouseo.Cacey imadeino.a capi "MtalLyshl FamMile, y Residence, awith psession ACINatteMr,on Thursday, A pril 17 , at 12,ocok h o iia FmILYrtan DNCt a o. va 08,l Taeehbook-nvstee,imenco, o 'n theestatgofthe laptearlToa d Cnghubitt atd presentienth ocupeatreionofte ven4Do,Fanducapableto.rouingheharotenitalofL£0peon-on roud ret. ossesionmaybe hdatMidumde inext. immdaybe Croydon.-Ei lonbl leFr ehold Investment s,eladpe for small capi- tooftalisotgae. .e MARS Ia eceied istru tionsfromSL thy AP~UCTIN. al,he Mart onThnats, ilal,nnlr merat grouLnd rents. MaY be viewed and Particulars (wt onditions of sale) obtained at, the Mart; of Messrs Harrison, solicitors 5. Walbcook; and at Mm. Mlarsh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Miansionhouse, SurpIl133Lands of the South-Eastern Railaway Company, on the Miter anidDbsl Branch. j'p. ARSH ha-d been faivontred wvith instructions M Rfromnthe Directors of lbs- South-Easter Railway Company to SELL bY AUCTION, at the Fouantain Hotel, Canterbury, on SjaturdaY~. APril 26: at 2 for 3 in th e afterioon, a PORTION of the SUR- 11PRPRTY belonginig to the ComPany, on the Minsterand Deal BrAnch, 'comprising~ rich anad Productive Freebold Meadow Land,, at the MinsterStation. ver elfgible closes of'freehold accmmodation, meadow, sandgarden groiifid;-Aijoining--the-.town and borough of Sandwich; freehold atable land, near the stttion at Deal; -and various pieces of meaddw and pasture land, in,the piirishes of Worth and WaodnEsborougskia the countyof KCent; the whole of which is freehold-seid each let.wij coGnfer a. *6to for the county, May be, viewed, mul,paticulars, with conditionsof sae, obtained at the Peona. I-sin Hotel; 'anterbury - at, the v4riotLi stations on. the Minster and Deal Beanceh; -at the 6anterbury, Ashford, and Ramsgate Stations;of -Mr. Edvward Ryde, eurveyor to the Comp'any, at his offices, London-_ bridge Terminus; and at Mfr. Msarh's offices, 2, Charlotte-row, Man., E100-house:z er-Wil be forwarded on application. To Trustees Capitalists, and others.-The valuable Rectorial 'i'ithes of the Parish Of Hartlasd, in the county of Devoni, amounting to £e50 ls. per annum'- presenting a fIrst-class security. - ~jR. ARtnRhas'been flivoured Nvith instructions MM LtoELLbYvAIJCTIO.N at the M~art. on Thursday, Mayl, at 12 kmls reviouslf disposed of byprivate contract), the RECTORIAL Tfl payabteto the-jmpropriator of- the PARISH of HARTL&ND, inathe county of Devo~n.,which ha're emiconsunited at aetcharge, in lieu of tithes, of £80 la. per annum, Hartland isa& market-town, biituate on the coast of the Brigtol Channel, about 12 miles from Biaeford, and compriaes an area of 16,700 acres of stable, meadOw, pasture, and open land. The population is about 3,000, anui the landis in the hands of comparatively a small Proportion of owners The tithe rentb-charge for the present year, calculated on, theavrg pri1ce ofcorn,avillbe above four percent. beyond the amount for tme asmt year; there is no deduction from the amount recervable excent a NUM of Os. Id. pay-bic to thes Archdceaon of Bamastaple, and the du'ty Is prfomedby pepetul crat, fr womL separato charge is ap ~jfESRS.R. D). andl B. T. THURGOOD beg to tonan Dede,u9adrtsedto tace lcontbe,3slt of Marchkinsant,~ York-bulldings New-road, St. MaTrylebone.-A Les;,l Reidence, with Garden, held at aground rent. au e an le, t& % usata 1IM~ESSRtGarraw0RTH8,JARVIsWiUSELL by AUCTION at GarrawavMarc 28, at 12, th compact LEASEHOf.]8) SSM 2 or,bidiags, with garden fontig theNew-oad~betweent Y-or and St. Idarylebone Church,held fr 16 yar at 5 s. per anul n e nlaeto a, responible enant t £00per anurmc, ssan elscrdinvestment Wih th Usal avanageof rO'eW frmLr ota.May be vewed Wit peaiasln oftheleanut, and particulars had a Garrawa's;of . B Knbel Es~,. soicior,1B.,Fldyer-street, Whitehall: andf Messrs Ruhot n aw ail-o,Regent-street, Stanmore, Middlemzr-Tge m Copyhold Resdetnces in the cottages5tyle, withG AU44= eforrthe immedia6te occupation of M~ESBS. US1TORTHand JARVIS are dl. ,1Y.. ectd b ele ~lzeeeunder the wlilof John Hobbs, Eaq. de.. high ri'Ad fees Edgewareto Wator.The housecotisfebe !OOt~r two ittingroomsand doetcoffces, with lawnan flower .ssdlli ,cfec orer.Also a small Copyhol otg donn psecdin.co.nlnng ourbedrooms, parlouradkthn a bevee,adprne patclrad at Garaa';a h rni lnl3atStmroEgeae Watford and Haro ofWS.Ttel Eaq., Edgeware;of, sss Rushwosth and Jams5 lerw e gent-s-st, and 9 Change-alley, Cornhill. On the Crown Estate.-Yalueble Ynvealtnents. Kms 220 and 221. Hig Holborn, and No. 1, Little Queen-street adjoining, held by oiia lease from the Crown, at ground rents, well tenanted, andprdcn a rental of £3135 ranm APS9RRUSHWORTH Ind JARVIS are dirctebythe Trastees under the will of the late Rtichard HEer- men, Esq., to SELL byv AUCTION, at Garraway's, To-mnorrow, March 95i at-12 in two lots. Lot 1. The very substantial LEAiSEHOLD IiEDMENCE, Shop, snd extensive warehouse in the rear, advan. tago' itute,7,0220 Hih Hlaon, earthe tendon and Westminser ank leton eas toe. Bntl, prfuer, at £1G0 per annum, hel o te Cow fr 0 yar, t grun rntof £39 i, ew r annum. Lot. he aptalHose ndspaios Se *N'. 221, High HoIborn cornr o litleQuen-sree, lt o lese o M. BlacKburn, homler,at rent as ot 1. Mybe viewed withpemsinothtnas,ndar timulars had at GaraysofMsr.Gradndamsslitr. 13, Suff olk-street alml at andI 00 Messs uhot n Jarvis, Saylj-ow een-tee,ad19. Changealey, oulil Two Copyhold Dwellng-houses with Gardens and Stabling and a Freeold Garden, at liarnet. Hem-ta; an acre of Copyhold Lad, on Barnet-common ; and a Copyhold Cottage. with an acre of Garden Ground, in the eentre of Great Star.more Middlesex. jESRS.RUSHWORTH ian JARVIS will SELL M yACTION, aGa w s,To-morrow, March 28, at A in four lotg, by direction of the Executors of Win.L John Willon, Faa.. deceased, andof Mrs. C. B. WMslon, deceased, a COPYHOLD) pRERDENCE, in the town of Barnet near the church, with lawn and stabllnig,anda frehold garden aAjoiing ths same. This lot is let to Mr. Barnes, sugeon, an old yearly tenant, at AM0 per annum. A Copy hold House, corner of Union-street, and opposite the preceding, 'wsth tailor's shop, fishmonger's shop, garden, andL stabling; let to Mfr. Prliestly, yearly tenant, at £4 per annum. An acr of Copyhold Pasture Land, with valuable frontage for building purposes, pleasantly situate, on Barnet-commnon, the corner of the Rowley-green-road, near Barnetgate ; let to - Barnes Faq.. yearl tenant (lately deceased). An acre of rich Copyhold Garden Ground, and a Cottage thereon, with fishpondand rnamntalmoun. siuatefroningthe high road, inL the a6dmire vilageof rea Stemor; le toMr.Potten, gardener, a very oldyealy enat, t £5 pr anum Ma beviewed with permission of he ennts an pintd artculrsbadatGarewyls ; at the of . S Clrk-, Fq.,Bisopaatechuchyrd;andofMessrs. Rush_ No. 18. Park-lane.-The valuable LaeodRieneand Stabling, held at a ground renit, and let on lease to SirToa Edward Cole. brooke, Bart., at the verv low rent of £400 per annum. IASSRS. RU3S]fWORTH andl JARVIS are ,AtLdirected by the Trustees under the wMl of John Robins, Faq., deceased,to EL by AUCTION. at Garrnway o Tusay 1pi17, at 12. the LEASEHOLD TOWN RESIDENCE, fashionably situate, No. 18. r'ark-lane, overlooking the pleasur grounds near Apasley-house. The residence was designed by Sir John S5oane. and built in the mest subsantal annr, nd as eenjudcioslyimproved by the present tenat, hos ter exire in1011 whn acondemble increase in the rentmayfairy b antcipted.TOeproprtyis held for 61 years from 181, a agrondren. rined aricuar niybe obtained of Messrs Blae,Tyl,an Tyee slictos, ssx-tret,St anduad of Messrs Rusworh ad Jm-va, asile-ow,Regnt-tret, nd19, Change- Highly ralaable Leasehold Property oni thCrw Estate in St. Martin's-pLI ce, Kcing W Iliamn-street, and Chandos-street, Charingcress,wellteated. and produiga' rental of £1,500 per annum. ~SSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS are 1VdirectedbytheExecutors of the late William Mountford Nurse, Eat-, to announce for SALE by AUCTION, at Garraway's, in thea mouth of May, valuable LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, comPrising the Lowther Rooms, andi Nos. 20, 22, 23. 2A, 25, and 28, King Willam.- street, andNose. 12 14,15 16, and 17, Chandos-street, in the vicinity of Trafalgar--squsre, 6harin--cross, formin most desirable investments. Also an improved Ground Rtent of £140 per annum, for 75 years, amply secured upon the -erq spacious prems, Nos. 7 and 8, St. Martin's-place, near St. Martin's Church, and t*o shops in Chauidosstreet adjoiniing. Further paLrticulara wmf appear in future advertisements.-Saville-row, and 19. Change-alley, CornUill. Feb., 1050. In the Regent's-park.--Oapi Leshl rpry o netet coMprisng anyelgant Resdences and StabngimrvdGod Rents a blic-house, and other valuable Premie,picplyhl direct from the Crown for long terms, at moderatorade~ n producn aetal of nearly £e2,000 per anm PEsSS R"USH WORTH and JARVIS are .tYLdirected by the Executors of the lateW WilliamAMountford Nurse, Esq., to announce for SALE by AUCTION, at Garvrawa in the raonth of May next, in lots, the LEASEHOLDU RF,SIDENCES, Nco. 1 and 4, Cumberland- lace, Nos. 7 and 8, Chester-terrace, l7os. 10 and 12, Chester-place, N~o. 12 Park-square west, No. 2, Brnmswick-place the Prince George Public-house, Clarenoe-street; improved Ground Rents, arisin from No. I Comerlaud-ter-race, and 2 Ulster-terrace, and a range of stahbing, !iqoa. 46.47,48,49,50, 11,512, M3, 54, 5,7,50, 89, 60, 61. 62, 64 65, and 66, Chester-mnews. the above property has 3-ieldeda remarkably steady income to the lat proprietor, and the sue. tioneers, having received the rents for that gentleman during a prod of nearly 25 years, can confidently recommend it to the notico of caplitalists. More detailed particulars wlapperin future advertisements. -Saville-row. and 19, Chanige-alley, Cerubl ltegent-otreet.-An important Letashold Ivsmn,cmrsn elegant spacious She:13 situate Ne. 307 Regent-tet ihtepe mies above, cu b h aeds Club.,n h ra har in the rea,let o oa Poyehicnstitin;hewoepducing an annualretlo£8,an heldfrmtelaeoPrland, at a small gon et MESSR. RUSWORTHand JARVIS are ..4VJ M Sby the ExRecuto rs of th e late William M%Ioanutf ord Nurse, -s. to announceo for SALE by AUCTION, at Garraway's, in the mnonth of May, the nobles ad meet substantial EDIFICE, No. 307. Regent-street, adjoining the Royal Polytechnic Insitution. The ground floor comprises two spacious and elegant shops and library, and the re- maider of the building forms a splendid literary institution and ciub-. house, including loft readfingcrooms, libraries,billard room,and other apartments-I let on lease, at the very low rent of £40 pe.- annum, and a fine of £Z00 payable eviry seven years on renewving the lease. 'The theatre is toD well known to need decito; it in situate in the rear of the preceding, and islet ouleaseto the Royal Polytechnic Institution, al an annual rent of £4.42. The whole piroperty is held of the Duke of Fortland, for 55 years, at the very low groand rent of £60 per annum, presenting an investment of the first ciass.--Savfile.row, and 19, Change-alley, Combilll, February, 1016. Household Furniiture and Effects. 3LM.NEWBON wfil SELL by AUCTION, an the -J. Premses No. 4, Dar-ford-terrace Liverpool-road, Islington, on MIat nThursdn pi3aty, Aphy2ord1 wolt b ;er of the Amnsrtr h hlo thce. FUR % ndTUt Cartnd r R REnTScopisi-ong catld forusselrs uearpets nd rgs, osewodcefoie wihmrlet top, tabes,ectairs, andtheusal isellneus rtile. O vewhedayin precedigand Ksengihtow nd--Totteligiblema Leasehold Residenes,fo inetmrent lorE occuption,situate le fornsmaUInuestwoCmden -twnttin NEWBON wil SELL by AUCTION, at the .`ar,on Thursday, April 24, at 12, in twoe lots, by ord~er of the Mortgaee, Ta E desirable IASEHO LD RSAEcosiDNE,stinofTuat the Park6 Sandi7n, Cartten-rad,mnihtw, held for a og7m,a onyearJs. uex-h pireud, aet,£4 teah hocuseton of whichaellt tohih rsectable sal eat teantso, andmpc Ltonefhn eafour rcc-upatiHon.Ths property 23 pandtmulrlyligilefr patie enagedn te c Pyodrin theinday. Meay be vewedhyprmiionof te tnant.Preticulars had goat thenCants Lhei eareol Etae-he proerty;tatgte, Bart;hofth. M. fewignue, wal, solictor, 80Lewingham-streen, adcity;andoas toe autioeHer'san oGies,8 IsLn D.o And tRnAM-SmAY Leasbehol Reidnsrctes,in three o - N-Execu orsoNh wllt mAdmt SELL by AUCTION, at th Mh.MartmBe, onWTuednsd ,April246, at 12, intreise lot, by orerSOfLth MorTgAgEe a deirbentemanIEreteat ES tAT conesisin aofs Tof neatCo~e Rsiduaens ine itfwlgons and d3rhmiertindguisve, a nhea th PrkSatin eattecnhaminhnl four ablon term bat only ls, deach grounsad -sreantso, in heaccuatonedaigl of hgyrepcaleyarly tienaints; aloo, acnempct Lotuy ofaiour a bik-bit House.Ns1,3, and 4h sa dmsi Hofe-tm;4ace,Colseman-stret.blng,gearnhoueNrt Ple.n ksiltchn harel, fora. hldonglae o term ofwhc E year,atmdraegrudrens lexird t tohooenat atv6each;opre sentin an50 celet opportunith oa fe investmtent., Mar; a th NothMbrla"ndm ars Toteu amrs ofn Mssrds. Stevens beotie fMm-Moeand Satchll,rolicitors, 6, Queen-roastreet, hasd;an tteac D.ioneer's officesne, sCurch-oro, Upper-stereet9, Icingtn (opposite hert-streetv )t . leaskehl tath.-Toshoe Hem-itage. FlacteatGh, aifew, mina,utes'w, of te Lwishsa tatonk, Egandicntguos, t h et and Green-s 1IR. D. A. -RAMSAY has been fnavorued byithein iitreio. rm h Executors of the late Mrs. Adam to SELLrACTO,o the PremiseamStain onWdeay W pelles16, At2precisel, an flESHlowg d EoprsiATg oendperisin an gieirntlemanlortrat, wir-oth andes access of stows n,debhfum iture,fatherI It-songons and be din,Splanishe mashegn anermitaige. lacktileath containresing forlbst e d, chaisnmbes, adressing croosaneerats dotha handsome rswo drawing room suftlargemdimesiongsof, wit sttuay mrbl mnte-pice,aceerulbow Wlendow, dhimnin room covenentstuy, pacousnaI,ktchns,arndnthe usualy dmUses offies; oachhous andatabag,greehoue,tlwn kthend- grdoEn, &c. hldnlaseorteno wichlfyeraarunopied aih bray o 1.00 ols. 10 dnofchoce ld rusedPorts, Sherry, ar- linn, lat, ad pate aricls, wo eryhanroe Grecian or clalsiciZ vasehst elegantpr Hausetona kitchenran cuonry% tensis,geso-house £nc.-E-y &Ist T.".BAXTER, on Taesdlay, April 1, on the Prmises, HeathleldLo two capitial mares, 16 hands high, for Tsinle orits doubleharndess valuable yearks,gxlt. by Sanih,ac theegod oSS. twoLhifeSan excellent baeeuh.agodouble-seated anY toSELL byAetron, and ah dogart f an harns, stable ao,(ndlgars anzoetal goodfu-peliu ter be dseiigymaeb rvteas cotandj bhed eote ariles,n wadirobes. anddrawters PMISofs, chairs,edinigrlo and cogtherlan bath,Uteercsks, (erect maybn te viewe thdapre cedrating tex sae,dtx and ceatalgus0had ait theo maini o thenighbo-hoodtantndefrteauctoneeIt Thecritshaprm In-pandlo oeat htte Company'swoas,saifil-oa,Brme EnufELLIofStMl and Somplsiv banden; thtnaoredtithe enssbbethe Director of theaBritih Sperm andlavlabeadextCom-v panyexotorSELbeAdtIN,inte gdmeto May, ine coonieslo, (unlesng anaccpitabhcleoxerhas prvouselye made bypivaolteiontrat, the eDmatensieand admneesiraby adpedPorSS the Wtsae tbsuperioand tocoptlstly Pant npesrtm£ity0, ofi etherg Goodill o ethbishedura undertaking.ta Iatz maybe emneesslyi expmfl anaio tsaelth themstherCmany wafis. fored f orthe anuactue ofatDrlo and cipn te cadls; thatianearticl hastin te hv been prdcdo OniQaled rualty,ad apo tho,e andt extensive a emadghth C pale e uahetito ee fmprovmantinadequat captal, whic aln hrcias omweled& f the dobjectiin ofithe Compani, anddeth ineeitfo the pat rlysragemet sale:thus ofwoiegtcpile f tse anr Thopportingt profensteringhuouta etfKrablshdundcertakng thatcie past rov te emiehntcly sucesfu as.El thedbyteatlbm. Tprofis.nth whl fteplant isaeudlto wor re. ion the moatde perin workingu ceprincipes, wmouldying o al cmisd bl eetiicimpov fte ments. %gu tmvibyensmn pacdtionl tnoweg the plnthc i oujetein biew, che isr *thi i erefe dmasdterharraiUsgkeeet of the -wholedofrthe works, The heating prsesw foraout 86 y ttr, m"kanufiiacre,nanf thehifartum ew themecanica opderathonsam, =arite pfropedrby sre-se.Trurhepresn y ie maincrAsed odeman tha view. m5k re the oD distedo appricetiof the Irsa=M MetrAl, The3 auirem errhi "~pa s.arspmnt. 6,fiarshoec.atre Semi-detached Cottage Residence, Old Kent-road, r;j, rjgj for occuipation or investment. - - MBR MIURRELL will SELL by.4AYCTION, at AJGmiTwa '~onLTuegdayjApjfil I, at 12.4, fkn semi-detacind VO~P1AGE S2IUENCE. wih back and frrSt rtcdens, oontalamn, draing diingandbrakfst oom, IIWbed astd dressig rooms. ches, e~,webarrnge, ad pssesin mu r Pternal comfort, in paclary esyOf cces lI r t te cty rneart Cod ,,,~~~, ~~, ~~ auction~~~ee t anand- penitonv1lle.-TwL asehi:.ja4 Houmse in Henry-sitreet, 1i1.MURRELL Wi!a BELL by AUCTION at sokarrm'B. On Tu-d5,, Abiril 1, at 12, int one lot. a LEkOB HOLD STPrFna 01(1r ' Attwo private houses well situate for letting. XOs. 25 an26, Az-feet, Penton-street, Pentonville, producing £56 per annum t, ee4dupon leos for anu unepired term or 28 yers, taground rettf,Oft£ o annum. Mraybe viewed. Particulars bad of Mesr.W..I. anG. ultolon, solicitors, Northampton,squa; atGArawyS. 1 tnd of WA. Mulrrell, auctionleer, kc., 1, Ws.lbr~onk iy Conttngentliteversiouary Life Interest. )L 'URRELL will SELL by AUCTION at Gasawa7'r e Tusda, Ari 1.at 2, hevaluable YP TERE~ o a gntlman,nowaged24.provdedhe survives his and f le poceds f asale of several ternsuntil Eale, which are well aecued, nd,prodce £60 er anum et.Printed particulars and condiionsof sae ma he hd ofW. W.Burtn, Faq., solicitor, 14, Linolea-ln-feld; a Garawy's an ofMr.Murrell, auctioneer, Cromer-stret Gry-noad.-Bric:k-built Dwelling-house. IYj[. UR,REL~L will SELL by AUCTION%, at GROarraway's, on Tuesday, April 1 at 12, a brick-built private HOUS, ingoodrepair. containin eight comfortable rooms, situate No.69.Croer-treet, Gray's.inm-road, at present empty. bUt of the estimated annual rent of £3. Held for an unexpired term of about 40 years, -at a ground rent. M.Yay be viewed, and particulars had of William Mtelton, Eeq.. solicitor. 6, Bedford-row; on the premises: at Garrway's; andofAtMr. Murr-ell, auctioneer an~d estate aLgent, Walbrook, city. Gmyray'-un-road.-Three Leasehold House and a- Ground Rent o £18 l6s, per Annum. ~I.MURRELL will SELL by AUCTION, at LV'.Garraway's, on Tuesday. April 1, at 12, mn cue lot, a LEASE. HOLD ESTATE, comprising three houses, in Cronmertreect, Bruniswick-square, producing £127 Ils per annum, and a Ground Rent of £18 1Ie, pr annum, arising from eightbouses in Carolinie-court adjoin. igheld upon lease for upwards of Z0 years at low ground rents, anid willbe found advantageous investments. Maybe viewed. Particulars had of J. McGregor, Esq., solicitor, lsbe-lane:, at Garraway's; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer, &c.. 1, Walbrook, city. Bamnshury.-Three Rtesidenees and Shop, producing£94N per annum, forAbsolute Sale. MR. MURRELL wvill SELL by AUCTION, at Garway's, on Tuesday, April 1, at 12, in three lots, LEASEHOLD ESTATES, comprising thiree convenient well-built residences and a6 shop, of meat elevation, situate 35, 35, and 62, Albert-street. Fenton-street ; let to re-pectable tenants, at rents amounting to £94 per annum ; held direct from the freeholder for lonig terms, at a grund rent of £6 per annum. May be viewed. Particulars had of Messra. W. JL and G. Boulton, solicitors, Northamopton-square, CIerkeakwell at Garrway's ; and of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer. 1, Walbrook~ city, Mount-street, Grosvenor-square.-Leasehold House and Shop : by order of the Executors, jJRMURRELL will SELL by AUCTION,at L1 G_arraway's, on Tuesday, April 1, at 12 by order of the Executorsof Mr. Benjamin Pikingin. a IEASEHOLD) ESTATE, comprisin a brick-built house and shop, with projecting:frnt, conamn good accommodation, admirably aapted. and eligibl situate foIae tall trade, beinigNo, 79, Mount-Vstreet, Grosvenor-square ; held dircet from the Marquils of Westminster for an unexpired term, at a ground rent. Maybe viewedl. Plarticulars bad of Messrs. W. J. and G. Bouiton, solinltors, 21 a, Northampton-square; at Garrway's; aLnd of Mr. Murrell, auctioneer, &c,, 1, Walbrook, city. Sml ela fcoice Wine, the Property of a Gentl-eman. 1IXESRs. BLLOCK are direeted to SELL, at 1jL,eircres Roms,211, High Ilolborn. on Saturday next, at 3 for4, bou ~ Oze f Tery fine OLD PORT WINE, us pint and bal-pit bttls, 0 dzenin quarts; 16 dozen Pale, and 10 dozen Gold Shery; ad . fw otsofpale brandy. Catalogues three days pnior. CapitlHueod!riue Paoots euiu Pant dan Stie Gls ih,for anoaoyor alawidw Double Gun, nil.Psos Bdr ffn ines.IrnfinorPltoChest, Copy- inPren e 341 SSS.BULLOCK wil SELL, on Saturclay nwext, at lI for 12, at their Great Rooms, 21, High Holboen, a large ASSEMNBLAGE of useful HOUSEHOLDEFFECTS, from varous residences, including hanmdsome Arabian and four-post bedsteads, and appurtenances, wm,d wardrobe, cheavalglass. washing and toilet stands and glasses, neary newecarpets. noble plate console and chimney glasses, marble-top pier table and cheffoniere, rosewoodand walnut drawing room suites of chairs, tables s0fas, &c,- open and glazed library bookcases, extendin g dinner tables, 12 capital chairs i nmorocco, sevemal items of Parisian furniture, and various furnshing requisites. May be viewed. an'5 catalogues had to-morrow. Lease-hold Ground Rents.-Dover. Kent,- M~jESSRS. BULLOCK are directed to SELL at the .7JMart, on Wednesday, April 23 at 12, a well-secured GlIOUNI) REN'T Of £4 16g., issuing out of Leux cottages and gardens, in St. Mary's, Stembrook; held at a pePPercorn for 65l years to come. and paid most punctualy by essrs. Page, of the Btrewery. Dover. Particulars in due timne of Mr Steele solicitor, I, iAncolnia-tn.ields : at the Mart - andof Messrs. Bulockr, ill, High Ho(lbem. Clerkenwell.-Leaseholds, and a Share in the Freehold of Falham- bridge, givingd votes for Eaist Surrey and Middlesex. MIJEESRS. BULLOCK are directed to SELL, at ,V thMart, on Wednesday, April 23, at lZ in fourlots, eligible INVESTM1ENTci for small capitalists, s-rn, Nos. 15 and 12, Meredithstreet, and 10. Sk-inner-street, CLerkenwell, held. at very small ground rents, andproducing £110 per annum, from safe tenants, of long standing ; alsDn ashare in Fualbamn and Putney-bridge, paying an ayeag dividend of £3 lOs., and entitaig to vote for the two counties .Particularsmay be had, in due time, at the Mart; of Messrs. Boulton.solicitors Northampton-square : and of Messrs Bullock, 211. Higi Holborn. Well-made mnodem Furniture and Efrecta, removed fromOClaremont- terrace. 1JIR.GEO. ROBINSON Wil SELL at his R-ooms 21Y.02Ld iond-street, THIS DAY, M1arch 27. at 12, FUl1NITURE, &.c., which includes handeome mahogany four-post sand Arabian be,dsteads and furnitures, bedding, chests of drawers, wringed and other wardrobes, moarble-top wahshtands and dressing tables, roeewood drawing room furniture. a 61 Octave cabinet pianoforte by Broadwood and Sons, carPets, curtaias, fendets and fire-irons, chin and glass, a few books,lanumatures, and effects. May be iewed the day prior, aneatalogaes had. Monthly Sate of Pictures and Daig by modern Artists, thea lorgintit o whch illbeguaantedto the purchasers NilB. EO.ROBNSO 's extSALE, will talke IVL lac athisBoos, !, ld ondstret,on Thursday, April 3 at prcisly an wil iclde pecmmabythe undermentionea Armfleld Cowie Mfortenx Vickers Buchnuan Herring Shayer Vincent Chamnbers Houghtoa Solomon Webb, &c. Water Colour Drawings by B3arrtt D. CDX Hllanmd 'P. Taylov Bentley Hardin~g Robins T-ucker Callan Herbert Rowbothan Wright, kc, May be viewed two days prior and catalogues had. The Coliection of Pictures of james Cult, Esq., of Bloomsbury-square. who is retiring into the country. 111. GEO. ROBINSON has been instructed to ZY rmve and SELL, at his Rooms, 21. Old Bond-street, on Thursday, April10, atlI precisely, a COLLECTION of PICTURES, formed duringt telast40oyears, which include. m=fan3 re sndvaluable Itortralts, prticularly a Charles by Vandyke, and. works by the undermention,d artists:- Guidlo Bubens BreughI Kidd Domenichino Onyp Rudr.m Shayer Snyders Bil Morland Arminfeld S. Booss Lely Lance Calvert &C. MAY be viewed two days prior, and catalogues had. I-ease of the pretty Residence, at a ground rent: also all the geniuin Furniture, firet-class Pianos, and Effects.-For absolute Sale.byocder of the Administrator of the late Mrs. Charlotte HopewelL. lIf.PAUL will SELL by~ AUCTION an the iVL Prmss ,Syortrae etBromnDon, 0o-norrow, Marh 8, t , te EAE o tedsiabe HOUE Xat nine guineas grond ent tem 3' ear tocom; aso llthe genuine Household Furitue, wo alu~oe panoorts, nd heentire equipment of a smal amly esdece Onviw hurda ad ornngofsae. Particlar an caaloueson hepreise; ad o Mr Pal,auctioneer and estate agent, U4, Sloane-street. uidnMTheTrkishrexhibiti on,thnbghtsbre~idge, Tme M1ISFR .P U KIas recivdSO ar instructios eLL byth DireActIor, on the Premiss,ond Monday,h Aopri.and fo SLLowbn day,~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~A i at 12, in lots, tewoeo h peddFGRS uebCs offices, 114. Sloane-street,h-h-ee, Ol Buidin Mterals Beutor, o th bnksof heive Tat tes iESSRS. KING and SO arintuedbth A FouNtjon toe PrmSEsL, on tuePemsda ec pi , t1,i os the e1cellet 1 h bUiLDIN MATeRIALSe ananTIGdf a, HoUSE ofce.and llargheliwareouses, siutpnehtihstet l Brentiord, ~~~~~~~~Catalogues atthadaetmrtton,nd tte offie ofMesss. Kng ad So, actioeers esttevaents erc, Brent EESSIS KiNG anrctd SoN arELintrute byCTION of.belladona, erliales,eitroet, pTuniasro, 1MmThS lancIfom aTObumo rIROMs,Euph eaYs fchmpies. veronaszhied adahrU las, gerniums, and bedigpats gfPlsenieirallygth erecta o of thrs 5 ees greenhouesy wuLith ofa~ staes hthouse.c Iwbrickm pfits-gwiths 42 liht,z0encumber faranets, andros leighmtos, erctonof sahes, cam th olit, som Mye houehod efrnture, shop frtont crrerandmo nothe apieosanvriuefct. Catalogueshaot rms atd MsRe.ein and Stn, a utoee,IonesD, inres ctatygnt.vler,&. BreiurtfdEfets-Wnrod.ucs M~jR. ELLIS is directed bytoheL byrate AUctI oN WlLLat2on eatudeabail-the MTo-orwh Mrh2, at 12,pesey SRTOCK of IopiO sifi aanG ed coUmprrisingbrned,fahrbd and Belnblcfenders, m0 segaof poished fire-ironcs, setno trabs, 83stabl ofnacutlr, quantity of brass taps,new aparttern fie-uatrds, k .0tdoen cross Cin garnets, 7gr eirienatomp,efoot-bs, cans, numeousoteritms May be viewe thJay preeedngand morming of sae. Catalogues hadon the Premises, and at the officesgof the suctinneer,10, Mnor i-is,ct. FurnitureBU KANdD acs.Wndlw BucarkiS,rcm toI SELL by AUCTION, on the UpremiLes, clsetoathe Statiion,h WiSlowgh Sain onSaturde Greth March, Rat pewsey, Fn uRNa,piTURE; hooks, booking0 lapprts o poutry kLItchEn,o requersites,cinas and glaos guarden; thpemroacs and numerghouso other items, Mayd bhe vewtaed day preacedin aonditmonin of sale. wihCataloguesha onYb bda theprms;an aity the oflicesofs the uctioneer 1a0d Sonorieaen..actoees Winds log,or.s-in lmTmbr Rotherbithe.-To Plarchmentmakers and others, MiESSRs. DENT and SON will SELL by AUC. iLTION. at Garraway'a. on Wednesday, Apr1il 2, at 12, by order of the Mortgagee,zan eligible, LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, compgrising three dwelling-houses, N os 4, 5, atnd 6, George's Cottages, Union-bridge, Mil-pond, Rotherhithe, toietherwitha&spacious yard and dry~ing sheds, us,ed byand weltladapted ora parhmentmanufactureror other bussness oftheestmatd anualvale o £i10s, and held for astorm, of whih 8 yers re nexire, aaret o £lper annum. The cottages Brettonby in the North Hiding of Yorkshime,Higbly himportant Freehola Fro erty, situate in the pe,rishea,of Barto and Manifleldl, 1FESSRS. T., and J. WETHERELL are instructed LVI to SELL by AUCTION at the King's; Head inn, Darlington, in the county of Durham on XAbriaya t'he 7th day of APril, at 3 in the afternoon, subject to conaitions to be then read, All that beauttiful and ,xery valteable and FREEHOLD ESATE, called Brettonby aknd Wath H1all situate -within five miles of the excellent market towni ofTD-w. bu-'to,pj and seven of Richmond, and immediately adjoining the great Q%'i goad leading frm Cattxck-bridge to Pierse-bridge; comoprising mnansion-house gardens, ornasmental and finely wooded grounds, large fish pond (whic'h forms the reservoir for a *2tertbrashinig miachine and Dorn and bone mill), fedby one of the mostnotod trout streams in the north of EnglIand,winding through the estate from west to east. The mnansion, which is situate near the centre of the estate, iswellAdapted for a capital family residence. surrounded by ornamental grounds and convenientpDaddorks,'exeeent stbling, loose boree. with all nece4sary agricultural buildings. The estate cwntains 5f4a:- 2r. 7p.. or thereabouts of rich arable. meadow, and pastutre land, l7ua, Sr. I3p., being old grzass of the best feeding quality, 24a. 3r. Z9p, woods, plantations, and water, and the remainder of which is arable and first-rate turnip soil. It is in a high stateof cutivatioilandhaswithinthe ls five years been thoroughly drained, This prope;rty presenta great and unusual attractions, being within a ring fence, inL a goV~d climate, and in a, beautiful part of thea country,,uear good markets, well s-ceded and watered, anddivided into con,venient closes by goist-quick fences. The estate also presents great attractions for the sportsman, having several thriving plantations thereon, which afford protectionLto the game, with whichi it is ell stocked, being surrounded bvylarge estates strictly preserved;1 and, in addition to the excellent shooting andl fishing, it is situate in the best part of the Raby Hunt, a favourite covert being on the eatate, It is also within an ea*3 distance of the 11et meets of the Durbseount,Horwrtls,and Bdale unts, am`Icty of thecorn tites ge ergd n te feehld an th reaider are commuted. The arocialrate areremrkaby lo. Te property stay bce viewed on pulcatosato esss. avion ndandree,tetnns n Picures Ancient Mbli Modern. lqIESSRS. POSTER and AWON wWl SE LL by AUG. ..AV.LIO7. t te s.les, 5, Pllsnal,To-miorrow, facrh 27. at 1, a. OLLECTON ofITA.LII7, Duch, Femti, and Englulish. C lURES,among hihuwll b foul d R oubyGeg Clclle, wrks, iTncludin he.. from Copenhagen. MSR.FOSTER and SON are directed by the toSELL by AUCTION, at the Galler..4. Pall-mana.l To.morrow,Mac 20, at I preisey. an IMIPORITATION of well. chosen OBJECT of ART adVERTIT, porcelabin. &c.. including Dresden, Sdyres. and German china Wedgwaast ware, Fualmy and llaffael ware coarTed ivories ruiby glams, clocks, ornateents, c;c. May be viewed and catalogueg had of Messrs. Foster, 54, pel-nI.u Bond-street.-HouseholdFurniture. nealy inew. 1IjUESSR. FOSTER and SON are ditrected to LVLremve romtheAlbny nd ELLbY AUCTION, at tbe Rooms,21. Od Bon-stret, onSatur ay. arclh 29. ut I precisely, FURNTURE tw Turmescarpts,two penbiolkesses, an easy sofa in mroco, asychars,dinng abls, himeyglasses bravsz bedtsteads, ke.Onviw neda pio, ndcaalgusbad of Mca Foster and 3IR.JOHN O -w E L, at the C'ity Auction .i, oma, 39. Gracechurch.etreet, on Friday. INarch 28. at 12, the STOCK of a BAZAAR KEEPER., including a large assem'Jblage ol pro~et usualtyfound therein in corcertina.S porte-nienumies, cadiei; I boxes, handsomely fittei dressing cases, colubs, lpaper knves, large chimney. choval, and dressin glae,egrvns ns unru otber effects. MEaybeiweteda rriu eand nsorndningofmae, Catalogues had at the rooms. prvosadiorngfWe Weekly Property, P_eckhasn MR. G. H. MARSTIN wil SELL by AUCTIONq. -YJat the Rtosemary Branch Tavern, Ieckham, on Wedne:day next. Apri 2. tl i theaftenoon NIN HOSES.3 NO&. 2 to 10, Smlith. stret, ommrcIl-rad,Pechas; lt t vekly tenants, and pro. duc aout£14 pr nnm; el fo alon ne ai a moderate endret,Vlwale Patiulrsan cndtios atthe Rofcmarj ~anch nd at M. C. H Martins aucton ioffice. 84 and 85, Cow. crosssreet SmithSold,re Boeuh-road--R,.'a ftc o ritical SoeFgrs MESSRS. VRSEL andl HoRNE are inilL structed by thelProprietor to SELL byAUCTIajN..onthe prmiwser 74, Borough-road, SonthwarI4 on Wedxnesday, April 2. at 10 fri 11, the Snil portion of the extensive STOCK; cumlr,cin'g fountains, vases, figures, groups (including the large Laocoon,, tihe oslIy one in as' tilicilal tone), centre flowers, &c. Tobe sold without resere. adw il be the List sale this season. May be viewed one week prvos and catalogues hoad on the premiseis ; and of the auctioneers ariaMeu., street, or Coat Exchange. To ironmnastera and othlme.-lmprtaut Sale of Freehold Ironwo, b and Plant, at Gree's-green, West Brosunwlch.-ly Mr. THOMAE DANKS, at the Dudley a Arms Hotel, in D)udle-y. onl londay. thE i4thd(ay of April, at 5for S in the afternoon, (subjiect, ±5such condi tions as will be then produced,) by order of the Trustees of M1r. Thomas Papne, A LL that valuable Freehold Property, called the -Lthe Staffordshire Ironwrorks, situate at Greet's-green, in the Parish Of West Broinwich, Staffordshire. Full particulars ma be oh. tamned on application to Heniry Corser. Faq., solicitor, St%ubride : G Jabet, Rssg essrs Gem, Dockcer. and Sutton, aud W, Cottrell, FAq., solicitorsirinnigbam : or to the auctioneer. Dudley. Long Leasshold,-Chelsea. R GE .BERRY is directed by the executor of tbelats 7. uhCoprt SELL byvAtTCTION, at the Commercial-hall,Chesea on Wednesday. April 2, at I for2, a desrabe crne SHP, o.7a, smea-sree,King's-roadt. Chelsea pem Sn of RIetennt andprtls hLAdRa thel Comrilbyi AUCTION, at their Rooms, as above. To-morrw ac2.At 12 for 1, elegant ROSEWOOD and WALNUT-RECHEFFO. NIERS, with marble-tops aLnd plate-glass hacks chimney glasses of large dimensions, walnut-tree centre And work tables, tapestry carpets, IL 6f-octave cottage piano by Stodart, conches, easy chats-a, what-not, d nner waggocLs, dinin tables and chairs in sets, bookcases, library t,bles, iron chests. books, paintings china and glass. mahogany bedsteads and dlean bedding, Spanish snahegaywinged,wards-obe. marbletop wash-stand's. cheral glasses, chests of drawers, Ano, numerous miscelaneous items. May be viewed, and catalogues had at the aucion ofices, 45, Chancery-lane County of Plembroke.-Valuable Freehaold Farms. M R. T. ATKINSis instructed by the Messrs. rmeonto SELL by AUCTIOIN, at the White lion Hotel, in the town of Tenby, on Tuesday, the 15th day of April, at 1 o'clock in the af ternoon for 2 precisely, all those TWO desirable FARMS, called RZedberth Court and New Nap, situate about five miles from the fashionable town of Tenby, on the road fronm Pembroke to Tenby and Cammrthn, owitheccuatin sverllyof Mr. David Jones and Billa. r. b4p.wand Slater 1p ofd rble,n mEadwnd atr dwt stands raned fArtbicldsningsgatahed An aute nomto syb ofCardid, tret lU.ROBERT REID will SELL, at his Rooms, MG-reat Marlborough-sitreet, on Monday next, March 31, at lifor 32 precisely, modern FUJRNTrURR; comprising window curtains, sofas couhes nd cairs,rosood nd w lnu lo, card, occasional, andfany tble, cbints ithplae-gassbacks, chimney and pier glases siebords ses f sidig-famedinngtables, secretary book- bmedding,wadoes chest oFdrawrs,wi hsansgdesigtals -Absolute Sae. ESSRS. GEE and SONW will SELL by AUG. MTION, at their Sale Rooms, as above, THIS DAY, March 27, at .12 for 1, 20 gross BLACKING. 5 J-hhds. vinegar, colours, 14 barrels anchovies, mustard, km,; salsothe secondportionof astock of leather and moroceeogoods, comprisirnZ caddies pocket-books. dressing-cases, a%tch-etands, desk:s, shaving-- vKes,and ladies' and gentlemen's pencilcase, &, tgethr wth om.ehol funitre,including wash-stand--, and irond-chaff-cuttigeacine, noest of draers mahoancontrs from the Pantecbnicen. MR . CHARLES J. BAKER has receivedl instruc- tions to SELL by AUCTION1, at Robinison's Roomis, 21, Old 3Bond-street, on Wednesday, April 15, and following day, at 12 foci1, an assemblaze of well nmnufactured modern FURtNITIURE, comprising mahogany four-poist, Arabian, iron, and other bedsteads, capital clean bedding& Ac., two mahbogany winged wardrobes, four single wardrobes, several sets of mahbogany drawers, marxble top miahocany washstands, dressing tables, chema and toilet glasses, and chamber requisites, shower and other baths, set of extending dining tables, mahogany couch easy and dining room chairs covyered in morocco leathier, sidebioard, dinner wagzonus, Brussels and other carpets, several sets of window curtains, noble chimney and pier glasses, rosewood, leo, card, said occasional tables, rosewooDcdrawingroom snte in damask, cheffonier with Plate glass hack, roeewood davenport ebonized an ormnoulu cabinet bracket dlockl by Webster, barometer by Dolloud, rOsewood cottage pianoforte, chin and glass, kitchen requisites, and. misoellaneoous efects. Makbe viewed the day previouslyandmiormni of sale, and catalogues had aLt the room ; and of Mfr. C.. JBaker, at hi offices, 21, MoteoDmb-street, Belgrave-squiare.tIl Bloomsbury-square,-Exoellent Houisehold Furniture, -ocUtav Ocot- tage Cabinet Pianoforte, a S-octave Semil-Grand ditto, two elegant French Clocks, Ornamental Chins, Bronzes, Plaster Busts, Plated Articles, Harlequin Plattern Worcester Dinner Service, China, Glaass, and about 70 dczen of very fine old Port and other Wns lIAR FIN IS (having dispsed of the lease of the ,1Lhouse) will SELL by AUCTION,11 on the Premises, 30. Bloomsbury-square, on Monday. March 31, and following day, at 312 each day, the FUItI1TURE ; comprising a drawingroom suite in rosewood of sofas, couches loun ng andL other chairs, all coVered in Crimson danmakslk, 9 damasksil,ik wind'ow curtains for five windows, large-size chimney glasses, marble-top Pier tables with glasses over two handsome cut-glass clandeliers, a set of Spanish mahogany dining tables, ditto pedesta sideboard, a dinner waggon, 14 mahogany chairs with stuffed seats anal backs, dining room curtains Turkey, Brussels, and ~~~~~~~~~~~othercapt,ecletoewo ngdoo-ce,pdsaliry tabe, ibrr hais,-A Fhogan ARabiaenc and Gounrbeeeds, nh ceapito beddin,maho anychstsof drea awrs, marblei-topwaster t.andth cheglas,ruselsstarayts,o Sigt-aynmbrut clocnkfe ironucet, kitche requsits, ad oher~ effcts Mayenveed beone Asatura Rand. mornngsofale Catlogessad instetruemies.ad of the Finals ofri the wine may beLhD.liet.cnisigo m-m ughamhlly dsumbley- Fehl Rsdence an d Grounds, ihcmoinu thobauh- tiful vicbinity ofowinrdso Gratd Prrou otirginiacwaer, oces,wt preswent accxdnessbsala froms Sotainesa,contewithineatfew mlodgea walk ofatheg form Sation, immntalde tombean opeanedabeore Ascogt Races.k lcmR.d JOaHay Da WSOonl is fe instutes d bykro the Exe. Sttin,to beoptenaed by-sco atsono Also, inteparart,o lotssom vsallydeiable Residencean WdLand Gons, witutha bommodious coarchhouses,ru Wtabln, cowyardand varsou other dtetachedn oIces, Caledtey lain formtion, rnme.nTatunesda and planati2boreonsgvnfthaparkterestia sden oery,f includin the BRoEalRdoaid1 USn ofnWindoratie GreatPak, nd Horest; wthem anohourk Hofe LoDoenbyhoueWandso anDt taichmond Railwan, andonhy Caifew minutores' al foromgte Fndgaop tatio,t btrlerroprenedwi beAacoldae. l in separate lots , nh some dy valabe foMel adowcuand Wo theds saituatewsatThore Lee s., PandThe Tiars,19twi t,thcoditonsnma ybe badoatte.25thineHat. Hoel, Wtindsor; Ctherim ne Wheel,on ofa Bshl Hotel Prearingean Swan Inn Chaier tey otheAcinM odn;o Messrs.Riindsay and Msn84Baiga-trt.Son olicitors;atth Sart;-andeat, Lic, ohnsin Dfweonrs l.and O.agleny solices, Kingston onsl-sthaes. and;o Marlbooughchamers Ha49e, Pall-rimall iior,9 Richmond,rwo Thoeym-T Brewers ListllErsq, Iarctiters, Cap and-trt Adthpbi.-The Richmond Bfrewry esttabltiseder foralupwardestoft2e Ageant,wt irestFied% Rlant,ond.11B.excel8lentInsehand ulhousels,an ITese Auction mart on Tuedaby. May 6.rcats2b rer of the brwryb outato Smabrmy-gree n, wilten t be sod ensprte lnot, onmtedsamel dAy.e times 19his.,oah out hoice hint ecipiepr Under an Execution from the Sheriffi-Elegant and costlyveiue in the prevailing fashion, anid new vitn18iohsinudga magnoient walnut suite covered in richcisn tn,eeatvl vet Pile carpets. a powerful-toned -otvctagpinorewh metalio plate, large glasses, bronzes,pit, hn n glass, and effects, removed firom the residence -MR. LE'WIS bes's to announce he is instructed to ,kLLSELL by AUCT16N, at the Rooms, 69, Queen-street, two doors from New Cannon-street, city, To-morrow. Mairsh 28. atl2 punctually, the whole of the snuperb FURNPITURE and EFFECTS rcmiovefromm the residence, anc corispnag a magnoient drawing room suite in walnut wood, coveredincrhason satin, with tables atnd cheffoniers richly carved in corresponding order, several brillant plato .hinney-gtasses, rich pattr vevtplapets, a powerful-toned cottage piano, elegant china jsrs, bronzes, proof prints, and other drtwtag.zoom, clegancies, handsome dining-rooim andlibrary furniture, inclding the elegant carved-backsiddeboard, telescope dining- tables sets of chair-sand lonnesiinnarocco. bookcase, Ac.,,bed-rooms intmeas, ncudig raban ndfou-pst edteads anddin n. necssryapenags f frs-cass resience Maybervieed the dayL by ACTIO, atPattison!s Castle Hotel, Taunton, on Tuesday Aprl 8at intheafternoon, all that excellent TRB.EEOIJ bLANl~O, clle Pal'sHouse, together with the Cottage and extensiveShrbberes,Gardns,and Grounds adjoinin g, the smie containing y aineaureent2a. Sr. 14p., in the Parish Of Bishop's HulL Themanionis ituteIn a healthy portion of the town, agreealAy secldedinis lan ad trubberies, and within five miniutes' walk of the arkt and churches. It is provided with spacious drawing and dining roomin;. boudoir, library, breakfast Parlour, housekeopecs and butler's rooms, kItc'hen, laundry, chinaL closets, Lc.; 12 bed chambers and dressing rooms, and is amply on plied with every convenience; extensive walled gardens, stabling wit~ loos boxes for three horses hjarness room, coach-house, do, ; brewhouse, extra stable, cow-houses, piggeries, and various other offices. ace placed at a, judicious distance, combining, assa whole, moost essentia comforts, and capable of being at once inhabitedita trifling outlay. Tosapersondesirous of making abuildng speculation the auctioneerbega to call Particular attention, as the house and garden can be separated from the other portions of the Property, and a street carried acroea the field forining a double fronitage from Tower-lane to the garden gate opposite the New Shire Halls ; and also another building frontage of upwards of 100 yards, facing the Crescent field, in thatmost improving part of the toam, lead. ing towardsathe village of Bisbop`sliulL And in the eventof thepropecty not beinsr,od in one lot it Wil be immediately afterwards Put up in two lots, so as to enable any purchaser to buy the buil dingpritio distheproery, ndforlitogaphd tas, ppicaio ma be mad t tim autioeerl0,~flmint-sree, Tnn~, lt wOse Or ine aplng forla'in ct Ie roufier iildiigsits ayaloenjecd,ad allfuthe prtiulrs aye otanedfrm im; rfo r iso Manufacturing Premies Oxford-steet, with Steam-pw~er . [IESSRS. FULLER and HORSEY are sm-tmcte by the Mortgagee under a Power of saletogSEriamI(lpgON at the Mart,THIS DAY, March 27, at U, specious AZTj ING PlREIMES, on the Marquis of Wastminxtec'z Estate,%cp', a vrery large wars, and situate GeoWqtreet, Oxford4tr`Ct, al9e. disAnoe frois Groefener-square, ar rrme e mubstmatin erected.and comprsalight and lofty groerdfoor factory, with slat4 roof abot 1 fee inlengt; a soanufactosy of dv. dtoomes,et; withest stuoootod front; and six brick-built dweUl g-hosa NOL to 10, Oxf~ord4treet. There ii well fexcel=n water for anucctumngvmpowLe The whole held ouleme or ateavt Of sbDut164 ysamat a rent of ;=0perannium: and flve of the AVOIi,. lug-houes awe let off a6t maent amiceting to £23 peT annura, lEaVh the portio in bAnd subject Only to the Tay low renit of 12 annum. Thexsteam-engieof eight-horsepower, the tat=balleerpin hem ita ore,,will beslolnld.4 Invethepurchawe. ih pcmscs~ smt,cbintakr the bildr,Of alel smth, enIne byACrIO an' ESAnuufa duringbusnerofbitrewed Xll thersamule. h Pstpulcray~ bem had suthe premis -ees; t edswrs.boiuase sol ichItoors,, z=e huch buridiang,Fchrl-street ; t ere akt,i the Mar;endr of ther. Enlran Homey, billifter-stusee cfity. r,i heraro tez withnspestment , wfomEiabt-tell aeurd at the Mart, THI DAY. Marc a vyeable ISl) ESTAT. prducin a eoitrenta of 15 thereannum The pree Ctian~tme, St Geo"e?weat in the centre fte make; ~hsepaate ntrace fom EiTaethateetp ai lbgh an laetmen roomandSffic andtheupER pant aaORwEuY, forte hoie.ns l foMihem, It(eemnbeby the lesseeeesaf the endberfto ysieasoanye seven ;eraf fwad) sbEcta ohrn f£131s rentsth gamornin to £31S.LD. e nu-evn rftrna £150 pier annW. The Prig,sUlr,esre i ustnilrearoadm aiusablyitants plrathe bus cines. Taeend i b egese si rat,ute pan belsongingutop himd iothgrestvan o,adhes ie ise inulopraituion;the- profisentalmay, threore hocnies ell scuredas a roundrent.-Tohe val ewed by emisnoft! tean, y adsony,wIc(wt Rei rin.BOTed GArTicuarsnadh id Partculrs my aso enhadofreet,rs.U Moris Stne,Td ana andatthe Mart. te etieren o SSRS FULLER annd ForSeigren ntr, t reiene,aHongsey nempar th al tto T-er, OiMarch20, tons mil cow sowpig,pouory,eraserinbconervaory. 00W Turneenr hous plrR ants, eplae,linen chns andgas f 0e vDetolumes ofe books, euigasn'staia Eurpeanoteratndardetworrs, antheDresde cheal~a exelentbedin chmbr frnTaurle, and ktced reqU- mayi beHade onltebpremdes Cor of Mesrs. Full_erTXand Iorey Blter- Dstreet, ity, euWm oete ihterlaieSoi,J,:h. This Day -itgen-sret. ThvaubesletnvSocoi Mesr. einan teiatnd BA y SUT WMATELLd BYAUCEI The Bhoicokslecdiork of Watrt,oWaterclu rwns,OlPitn k Ho.Es. engravinngs6 cmprse chic asemblgeorJapi.ure and i GB Aniee paodctn; BARR lieclet SytELLrency German, aolwngd Ialia asters;fo a ra aeyfo the Diubpan xtretn AEsen MOUnlh,n otheWrZGaleiS somerisnedaingbetiflsPeamnd oibaitng,b 2leTecop Cfhaeteslony ad iaw'sWorks Cook otafiOnaentd 3).Mye Aox ampet. Picur Galleriesnalal eonsravledte latynd st PoooThligtfo hecun Stnad . n others. a Ctlogues forwarded on reeipt of si o pDstage stamps.-Acinofcs Lo4i caghts offele bratediCopy of andGIoertevgandW ctr, h Detutino erusalem toeter wTh& th auabl e. Stockb Lthographic Stones,Pand CopSONght J%0EUSS. DIEaNd. BARRETSTOI aELL byN wALT TIEL, on thei PReooms, 137 Rgen-street, Coent-ronda, Tomrchow ate2,tinnst.,uewncdofthdlout,onf pELArtnersip.of MnessrsHerin anods Reingtol n,gthe ahi'l ORIGwNAL GALeER PICTUEe, in ate Davidn7 Robiert' clebr,atfed paitingf fornithre kups o ihgr.ig Thsmgnfcntwr of art ~~I3PHise worthy a place isnypullctl[or origIalit of wich iib gua,ranteed tothpucaes AUC TION, at theiMrt Rooms 2Mi e-tee,o hrday, AprilI tl.ib and t folwngdy ath 12nor,the valuae o Ofr-qanditretn WAE CORdrentINThepcompiesinzybeatifuld pertcunensanbyDn Nash2 C o ehadlon Mesr.tnerson and Stanubrldm ei AlbonCoret Ifydront C. iedin Cnstbl rH.brillsYas Hunswter. arrInestt en DOcuatoy CatRoue fEOrwre onEeceipt of tuopotgedb sthemps, age 14 ato o ie os BrUCI0ianth, Englis and Genea WA.tesb ath- leain maer, tre Sive Ta Undben &c, la ~ifESSRS.DEBENRA.M, STORa andi tem~ 'tsaroun J.YJSTIL,at teir ooms Rin-stret, oven-garern. THSDAtrY diamnd raclet, booces,rins, ins an stds,masiveailte pan te ables. On view.via 1,50 ard rch il, Sti, adelvt,BDay'Cots, SAppae, TH1dILfESSRS. DEBENHAM, STORE,o and eSbor iu Gche 2t nstar. u twaideuof 500rntsreofnMISCE ckLofNteS iCludirlngdse t Cmns tie line, BEw luteo frncitue, nsto.oso lR8,Ofods27,d-prkprIvStlerntreOccupation. eligblysitateon he orthsid ofOxfrd-quae, 'ofvte esimatud. valu of 200 er anum heldfor boutO ers u gnexired nata mode- rae ru ren t.he premises o Gay be viHewe.1atc,asadcn ciors,g 1, inoln's-inn-eds at the Mau t;and atfheoiccs,e, Aihon-streetHye-pamk-squtare. Dwlto fPrnrhp JIr.EO DEETKs isnastructed by thes. Kipps ande jVpj toSELL by AUCTION,aton WeMBart onplrid ~ay.th P.emisU.m an~~~~~~~a Te rers Biley, Stokaw,gx Smih,nd Baeley solinetos flnu Betrner, sroet, M kthe ofie x 8 AIho-st17et Hyde-petrk-squawre. ,Petn o unro(!is)Maday)8,March2, othe Premises No] esbru coG-rOOngMann Afour-pENt, lbrar furigture,s OfttRinsh ofhall appendges of foutsar aed roshoms.ne uponycart, swiablea utnis. hoops, fows,pieronms,outdooreffet. 3to. Meweaybeavewoged,adoataLouepred on tes armies at dathe aatiuction offices.1 inWltry.c-or,Ga-sin Goseoldd-qae-Ftig- Furniture,1cail and eStoer ofds the Cbeaterlan PlaedAriemnd ffct, eave freceiheAdeinstruction tondon-bidge by AoseuCTIoN on the premises, ? hSlnlver-tet corner of RgsRee. TO-morrow Masruchted at 12Mr. Grftl theaoe, latuM cpita tobrfitns of th Aelald4-opcuters, toBELLrengines, N maoany shet of Orits neadtrlyt ne ful-irday hAgrl atel tabltes wiHOUfit tIn amUstockRf, wieand cordils, in ad-ditiontoth usalfrntue fourandthewhoe f te hus iturs nd ffets cMaymber vuiewed,an Captalmodnerhdn theitpremises, oforG. Wy Piock 3Rkeqr olctr, Bhuessbruhstret P imltoead art tel saucteion offie WintWarwick-c.our,, Gonu Uenuin nniucroaenthal Days. 1IMR.EENRYFOSTEandl SELL by AUBELL 'by ITt t hi grethRoor 410,. OxOrd-st -retneartSoo-nearte THIuDAY, t 12br 1anst tfr 12 uRnctually, from cpritate inousem incldin a erychocerahogany table with andestofdarawedstoer, a bookcse, pian (1omtvpletby Broadwobds,- drawingroom wastands we ut re coerd gee trmk aoblewochimaney glassogarned chairs frame, and otherand genuine nd ceffectlas, JEMMET is intructdinn tbl essrs bokcpsesanptd 1,mcoseueceofth epiatono theilrer of parner-he TRAD, cmprsin avrieyof ashonale ew nd ecvdond-handstep dhpa aybyiee w aday rvost h ae n aaoue [EHyde_-park.---Benefcidal Lease Fixttures, Household FurtLitture, Cabinet; Pianoforte, Bed and Table Linen, and Effects. [ESS. LOCKWOOD are instructed by tha XITMR.Cuorsof D. Button, Esq.. decease, to SELL byAucTION, on the Premises, 73. ConnaLught-terrace. Hyde-parlqanWedace-. day, April 2, at IpuctuallY. all the excellenat FURNITURE; comprising bedstead, beding, wardrobe chests of drawers inarble-top and, chairsin lether,Brussi an Turky ca tets,hosehl llnen e effets,togthe wih th lese ndfztues.On view the day preccdin th sae, hencatloges ayb ha onthepremises ; and at the offies f te actineer,],Buroodplae. yde-park, and4l, Upper Extensive Wae of very superior Furnitur ad Egffects, removed from Lower Belgrave-street and a large m=ansion in Oyfordshire, cornPrilsing an assmblage of valuable Items, worth the special attmn. tion Of the public and, the trade generally. 11/ESSRS. JON~ES and BOXiHAM wil SELL by ,~IAUCTION, at their great Rooms, 11 and 12, leicester-stree'2fi5EVENING.s 6t to the minute, HOUSEHOLD FURNITURE~ of a superior make; comprising drawing room suiteg in walnut androsewood parlour and dining room suites in Spanish mhahogany noble winged wardrobes, sideboards, cheff&niecs, secretaitres. _oocases,, screens three pianofortes by eminent Maker?, tapestry. Brussels and vevt~lmcarpets of large sires, sets of damask curtains, or-mouIes ks,~clocs, ials lao cad, sts f dining anjd other tables, soPctr 'goctonsol and cthimeyrlss-nes, foeur-post, raian.R andother.- bedsteads with cleank t and superi rbedsan bedingthree single - warroes cest odawrs,mabl-tp Ollete atth Raootand, Removendtfo Xtamket n Baer-treet; witoudntresere. On iewtisOdayadmrig wi f SEL bA Ctajogu(, at the rooms 7. Child,-Scheton;andofspeuctimeneeor tefollwinad other esteeMeD
