- - DEATHS. On the 19th nIt.. at 66, St. Thomas's-street, Portsmouth, in his 4lth year. George Cronn Esq, second son of the late George CUooyns, DFq., Of-Hebron, county iMkenny, Ireland. On, the 234 nIt., after eight daye' of extreme moff ErigLizabeth, 4Oife-otr ult,d. atFe4e, Vdof Great Windmfll-stoeoGo st.erres3r's sElzFod , aed. 4 '.Onthe 249th ult.. atged entley Lode.llk ageep in. Mesarah MAn,rlctu ef-Eise-hma htl barrste-a-lw,and elest daughter of thelnte 3oshua Pield. Psq., of lIeaton IaSl, Bradford. On tbe 26th ult., at her reidence, in Noslolk-builelngs in the city ot Clath, Boes Mayowe,e daughter of thle Countesso teathmoee a.nt On7heAth it, t 4, Windsor-terae, Clifton, Glocesterebirue, M1rs. 'On th1e 29th nit..aged 1, gently fell asleep in Jesu,Sarah l:altng, for 40 years tho faithful servant of Charles King, DEe., of MorUake 1On th2 29th ult., at 6, ParnMSe-Place, Rouge Bouillon, Jersey, after ;onths of intense sofferiDg, Mrs. Sarah Cox, lst e.r1iing sister of the lateTolis Porter, Esq-o Fish-hal, 'Hadlow, Kent inherSthyear, beoved and respected by aIL. 'O the 30th ult.. at Didlington Park in the county of Worfol, 17. G. T. TSe-n Anihust, Mgo.. aged 54. O unrdamrnionn the 30th ult, at half-past 10 o'clock, at 6, Great ,e-tret, of cnsumption, aged 16. Ellen Anderson, daughterof 9anift Anderson, tragedianssI 'On the 30th nit., at Truro, in her 51st year Jane Augusta, relIct of the late Benjamin Leo Rtoberts; Esq.. formeIjyof Bath, and daughter of the late John Morton, Zsq., formerly of Rockbrook, in the Queena' County. *On the 30ttult., at 110, Tottenham-court-rod, Sarh Brazier, ajed 65 'On Su the 30th ult., at iRokhfL Dartmnouth, suddenly, Mrs. EliZabeth lutseyche, in the 721dyear of her age. *On thae 30th ult., at Cresswell Park, Illackheath, Betsy. the wife of Thomas Yarshal, Esq., and relet'of John Perazc q., of the BoyaLl Artiler. On e,Neeases-e, aged 29, Mr. Benamin C. Beane, ofNewington. crescet. itibNwisgton-buatts. On the 31st ult., at his residence, 60, Connaught-terrace, llyde-rk, ThomasHensbar, Erq, deeply lamented, aged 74. 'On the 31Wmt ult., at Royzton, Miss Ann Parry, aged 69, daughter of the Rev. Win. Parry, formerly TButor of Wymondly College. On the 31st nta., at O1ld Park, Isle of WIght,Henry %d.rjoribanks, the youngest son of W oiliam Malet Dasey. Esq., in his 5th year. On the 316tult, Mr. Henry Thomas Munday, of St. James!astreelt aged 73. *On the 31st ult, at the Royal lospital, Greenwich, Martha, wife of the Rev. G. Casson, rector of Wold, Northamptonshire, aged 40. On the 31st uIt., at E1-nersrnith. in his 56th year, Captain Charles .Antiuter Barlow- ., C., KY., fxfth sOn of the late Sir George HU=ar Buartwj Bart.. G.C.B. -On the 31st nBt., Sarah, the wife of Colonel Termopeet of Tong Hall, Yorkshire, and Aughton, ,ncashire. -On the 1st inst., at hisresidence. the H.E.LC. Building, Poplar, Nr. JaMes LittleP , iUn the 69th yearof his age, late of the H FT C.
XOhZYT-MABKETa?zd CITY IThELLIGEffCE. Tuesday Evenin. 'Sie quotation of gold at Paris is about 4 per nille premium (according {othe last tairiff), which, 4t the English Mlint price of 1.17 bId, per 0±. for standard gold, ives an exchange of 23.27; and, -the exchangeJat anaris one-ondon- at shortbeing o5.22X, it-follows that gold is .boitfol18 'per cent. sdearer in P.rih than in Londoni.u- By aducesufros exhnburg the price of gold is 425 per mark, which, at ithe-Engsh pr int price- of -21. tS10s 1&d per ox. for standardgold, givesan-exchange of 13.4eg-;- and, thei exchange at mlablmig en London at short being f3.i, 'it follos that'gold ' a's 0.29 per c'ent.- dearer int London than in Haaibnbtu. Th¶ecourse'of exchtange at'New York on London -for bills at 60) days' sight i5 109 per cent.> and, hthe r,ar of exchange between Eng,land and America. being -109 23-40 per cent., it follow-s that the excbange: is nominally 0.58 peir cent. against'. England ;but, aifter makine allownance for cmhage f port and .difference o interest, the -present rate Ieav6s 'no -profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. - The publicationr of the quarterly statement'of the ,eosition of the Government finances, showing a de-ficincnqyapproaching 4,000,000t, caased the stock-market to open this orniuing with incremsed flatness, 3ind the tendency to heaviness was still further eanifested before the terminaition of business. Concsols, which left off yesterday at.88_ to i ex. dividend, were first quoted at 884 to J. From this they -de-clined to 88, and, although there was a temporary rally to 884, the last official quotation was 874 to .88, while after regular hours there were sellers at 874. For the account on tho 11th of February the closing price was 884. Bank Stock-left offat 205 t6 f06;Of;Rednced, 87 to 88; New Three per Cents., 80 to A; J.ong Annuities, 3' 9-16; Annuities, 1855;, 14 -16; EBxchequer-bonds, 97¶ to I; and - India-bonds and Exchequer-bills, 11s. to fs. dis- *count. - With the approach of the 3d of the month the demaand for money continues extremuely acti-,e -but the applications at the Bank to-day were moderate. Yesterday, it is said, they were greaiter than at any pericd during the last eight years, the total advanced in loans and discounts having exceeded 900,0001. 00,0001., however, has returned to the establishmeent this afternoon, in the shape of a 10 per cent. instalment on the Turlkish loan. The general ad'anced this quarter up to the, present time are believed not to have been much in excess of the usual 'amounit. Foreign securities were heavy, with a liniited entent of business. In Turkish Six per Cents. transactions took place at 83, 82' 831- and 83, for the 'account. Purchases of the (nuaranteed New Scrip -were recorded at 3j. and 4, and the final quotation -was 34 to 3 discount. Ecuador, 44j ; Mexican, 194; IRussian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 87;4 ex. div. ; zSardinian Five per Cents., 82;E; Spanish Tlree per 'Cpnts., 38l ex. div.; Spanish Certificates, 4j and 4- percent.; Belgian. Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 92} 'and 93; nnd Dntch Two-and-.a-Half per Cents., '0 and? 63. In the foreign exchanges this Safternoon an advance was established in the rate upon Anisterdam. 'With regeard to other places, there vas no alteration .of importance from last post. This being Newv-year's day, there has been 'no .business transacted on any of the Continental Eourses. The letters from Paris this evening describe great finmness in the rate of exchange, owing to the purchases of bils on London to remit for the Australian gold by the Donald lrKay. At Hamburg money hlas again become extremelyscarce, and the tendency -of the exchange is consequently unfavourable. In XolIand and Belgiunn also the rates are heavy, but ,discount remains at 4 per cent. inthe former country 'and 2% in tlle latter. The' conunercial accounts by the overland mail 'to-day are again, on the wvhole, satisfactory. Much ddulness still prevailed at Bombay, but a considerable extent of business had been transacted at Cal'cutta notwithstanding the intervention of native - iolydays, and the rate of exchange had become de- cidedly less unfavourable for this country. In 'China, also, the disposition to improvement has been sustained, and inmported goods have realized an adv-ance at Canton, wvhileatShanghai there has been atn activebusiness at former prices. With regard to tea and silk at Shanghai the follo-ing is from the -circular of Messrs. Cramptonis, Hanbury, and Co. *.- " It is; generalyasserted by the teanen that many Fichon andMo-une teas ill findtheirwayto Cantonthis year, while they al agree that the crop will be about one-fourth short of last season. In raw silk opcrations during the iontlh have -been limited compared with tho two preceding, purchasers ~having apparently come to the conclusion, on receipt of last uail's adeces, that the home market w-ould not be so flatterng as had been anticipated. The siLkmen have in conse'quence met the wishes of buyers at a reduction of from 10 to 1D dollars per picul en me;dium kInds. The transactions of the m.onth .are estrmated .at 4,000 bales, generally at the re'duced rates." According to the latest dates from Mielbourne it -appears that the Champion of the Seas was to be despatched on the 25th, instead of the 15th of 'October. She is expected to bring m6re than -400,0001., and is now 68 days out. Sydney-ada-ices of the 27th of September give the -particulars of the opening of the railway to Para-matta on the preceding day by Sir W. Denison, :the Governor-GeneraL The event wa3 celebrated by a general holyday, and everytlhing passed off *satisfactorily, the first train haviucg reached the terDminus at Paramatta, a distance of 15 mil-s, in threequarters of an hour. During the day the total sunmaber of tickets issued was 3,554, and the receipts were 4851. At a niecting of the London Dock Company, held to-day, MIr. Cattley presiding, the dividend declared was 21. lOs. per cent. for the half-year, free of in-come-tax, and the report received unanimous approval. It was stated that the progress of business, motwithstanding the war and other adverse contin-gencies, has been satisfactory, and that, although the stock of goods in the warehouses at the end of -November showed a diminution, the account since -made to the close of the year has brought the total nearly up to the point at which it stood at the corresponding period of 1854. Annexed is an abstract -of the report:- " The number of loaded ships fromn foreign ports which 'entered the London Docks during the six months ending the `0th of November last was 504, measurng 181,401 tous. The number for the corresponding period of 1S Was 54S, aneasuring 197,446 tons. £ s. d. 'Thc -amount of earnin durins- the six months euding the 0th of 1ovember last vws ... ... ... .. 2.61,670 0 6 The amount of the lime earnings during the corresponding reriod of 1854 was . 276,981, 3 3 The amount of expenditure during the six montis ending the 30th of November last was .... ... ... ... ... 162,342 2 7 'The amount of the like expenditure for the corresponding period in 1854 was ... 177,570 6 9 - *' The amount of expenditure includes the payment of the -income-ta By the statement of the accounts for the half-year the balance standing 'at- the credit of profit and loss is 252,234 0 5 -out of which the directors recommend the payment of a dividend of 21. lOs. per cent. on the company's stoc'k for the half-year, amounting to ..- ... ... 93,355 0 0 'Vhich will leave a balance in favour of - the company of :.. ... ... ... 158,879 0 5 .Out of wvich the directors propose to appro pate the snum of 5,000. to the credit of the account - standmgunnder the head of'New Works', 1846, whereby the sum standing at the -debit of thav account will be reduced to 66,1931. 5s. 2d. " Of the balance standing at the credit of profit andloss the sum of 190,5851. lis. lid. consists of the amount of -outstanding charges due to the company on goods in tho -warehouses. "The stock of goods in the warehouses oh the 30th of 2Tovember last was 95,376 tons. Atthe ssie time-Last year it was 18,1 tons. "The directors stated intheir lastreporkt in referenceto the new entrance forming at Shadwell, that they had putr'chmsedthe whole of the property auathorized by the comPanygs actto be taken for the site of the new works, and that the ground wvas in process-oflielag cleared preparatory -to contracts being cntered into for executing the sait rorks. " They have now-to report that,the learint of the ground -ieingco leted, they have entered into acontact with 3o1e. r. Cubitt and Co. forthe mpaiart of the-aork.w - -The returns of the gold and siRver bullion and specie exported to France rid Folkestone, as made 'Up yesterday for the year 1855, show a total of X2,477,923 ounces of gold and 1, 72,866 ounces of silvei- This represents an aV ate valhe of about -10,30OOO.;and gives only-mr imlieffect total, since the quantities taken -by private 'hand of which no reordiskept,areverylargei Annexed is a table of the fluctuationg in the stock and shlaro market dunng the yea-f859. Throughout the whole period the eitrenie range 'of Consols -was 7 per cent., -that of -the preceding year having' been 1O} per ceni. The"-difference -between the epe;iing and closing prices 'haSs' beeni comparatively moderiate, CenOISO1 iein!g only- 2i- per cenlt, Iower than on the Istof January, In railway i;shares, - is itha fo' eiCeptio3 thi cepren uii:h been amuch greater. As regarls the Bankl bullion, its amount at the commencement was 13,667,384i.; it reached 18,169,02W.. in June, and has now declined to 10,981,7451. At the Bank of France the total af ffebegfinningwas 16,200,0001., whiclhhas sincebeen reducedto 8,600,0001. On tha Paris Bourse the fall in the Three per Cent. Rentes has' been only''I-.per'- cent-.-WVhiat has experienced less'; fluctuation than in the preceding year. The price of w*ite wheat in JanuaTry was 8Ss., whence it'de-. iclined -in March- to 72s.' Tn November it reaclhed .OOs., and it is now- aboit 82s. As regards the de- lared value of our exportations of produce and manjufactures, the Board of; Trade tables thius far,- svich:comprise onlyilO moniths of the year, showr only a tilng decrease, whichi is-likely to be more than covered--when the fihiai returs are made up,-the total having 'been 88,531,865?., against 89,738,56?. -in -the correaponding: period of 1863. The movements in the Iauk rate. Qf. discount were' unprecedentedly numerous, having comprised eight alterations. The opening rate was 5,; er cent. fore the middle of June thishad'been gradually Teduced to S- per feent.-nd in 'th roemaining six months it wa.s carried uninterruptedly to 6 per cent. for short, and 7 per cent. for long bills:- D FL1JC1rATOIDS i1 TH1G STOCKE -ARD S1 AE DUEGC rm YxAmB 1855,: The Board of Customs, with the view of. having a daily account of the duties performed by the officers of the waterside department, have formed an office, by which statistical returns can be presented at one view of the landing of all duitiable goods under their several denominations. Its supervision is with the Surveyor-General, Mr. St. John, assisted by lr. Sheldrick, clerk to the Inspectors-General Messrs. Bainig i!sused a circular to-ay, stating that Mr. Edward Charles Baring, son of the late Mx. Henry Baring, and Mr. Henry Bingham Mdmay, son of the late MIr. H. St. John Mildmay, have been admitted into their firm. Thc failure has been announced of the small private bank of 3essrs. Palmer and Greene at Lichfield. Their authorized issue was 22,7861. ; but it had dwindled to about 8,0001. or less, tllcir position having long been doubtfuL The Committee of Peruvian Bondholders have notified that they have le-ally protested against the proposed stamping of the bonds for the increased sinking fiud being construed into a final settlement of their claims. The annexed on the state of the. Manchester markets during the past month is from DMessrs. Robert Barbour and Brother:- *Business here continues in a very sound and satisfactory position, considering the adverse influences of war, a strin-gent money-market, and high-priced food. During the past month the transactions have not been on a large scale, but the buying has been very general, and in the aggregate quite equal to the production. The home trade has been eat, but most foreign markets are taking fully their average supplies. There has been an increased demand for the West Indies and South Asnerica, wvich is, no doubt, stimulated by the enhanced value of their exports. The prospects of the China markets are more encouraging, and the low prices at which sales have been made in Calcuta and Bombay are in some aieasuro counterbalanced by the high rates of exchange at which remittances have been received. There has recently been a decided improvement in some branches of spinning and manufacturing, prices having advanced while the raw material has receded in value; it is, however, to be observed that the position of spinners and manufacturers is not very satisfactory, the average rates for their productions being about the same as at the end of last year, althoughcottonis ,d.perlb.higher. Onthe wholetheyear closes with a cheerful, though not buoyant feeling."
TRE. YATIONL DEBT. (From the Gazte.) The Lords Commissioners of Her Majesty's Treasury having certified to the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt that there was no surplns of actual revenue over the actaal expenditure of the united kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland for the year ended the 30th of September, 1855: The Commissioners for the Reduction cf the National Debt hereby give notice that no sum will be apphedby them on account of the - sking fund under the provisions of the act 10th of George IV., cap. 27, between the 1st day of January, 1856, and the 3st of Marcb,185t. Y A. Y. SPEARMAN, Controller-GeneraL National Debt-office, Dec. 31, 1855.
BAILWAY AND MINING SHABES. -. -. ay.Evering... ' The &flwa;y-ma=let' was steady, with a limited amount of business. There wasihowever, less firmness towards the close, sales having then increased. Few trasactions occnTed in the, shares of the Australian land iandabanking conmpanies, but quota-! tionswere firly supported. - Canada Land stoo& qut'ed'it 124tb -128 ex.-div. 'Crystal Palace left-off '2 to21. The s}iares of the London and Paris Bank wiere dealt in at }to ipreniiun. Mtining securities exhibi,ted lit,tle ,alteration. ' X
*- r BAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. LONDONX TIBURY. AND 1 SOUTHENTD It is proposed to malke a branch railway, 4 nmiles in lengtl, from the London and Blackwail Extensron line to Hie Tilbiry line at Barldng. The estimated cost of the 'branch line is 1B0,0001., and it is intended to raise the .capitalby the issue of 15,000 shares of 101. each, having a guaranteed dividend of 0 per cent, per annum and half the surplus profits, being placed in the same position as the .existin<eapital of the London, Tilbury, and Southend Bail wv.ay. Thc 15,000 shares will be offered to the proprietors -ateably in proportion to their present holdin. A deposit of 25s. per share wfill have to be paid by the 5th inst. NORTH BRISH. It appears that considerable exertions are being made to ,change the dicotors of this company, and to appoint other gentlelnen on the board holding from five to ten times is *nuch stock in the company as the present directors hold. About 1,4G9 proprietors, holding 1,55D,0001. of the ordinary stock, have expressed their concurrence in the movement. 'The amount of the ordinary capital of the company is :2,600,000t. SYDNEY. The first section of this line, from Sydney to Parraunatta, 116 miles in length, was opened by the Governor-General on the 26th of September last. It is expected that before the end of 1856 another section from Parramatta to Liverpool iill be completed for public trafic. The estimated cost of the railway is about 10,000 per mile. TRAFFIC RETURINS. Miles Pas- Mler- Total, Total, nailways. open. scgers. chandise. 1.B.S 185t Week ending DCe. 7. ;. £. £ Grand Trunk of Canada .. 388 .,1,417 ,.3,255 4,672.. 4,228 WVeek ending Dec. S. Ontario, Simicoe, and Huron 91 .. 612 .. 576 .. 1,188.. 525 Week ending DeA 14 ICreat Western of Canada.. 233 .. 5,923.. 5,096.. 11,019.. 6,186 Week ending Dec. 20. blaria Antoni3. . . . - .. 185.. 161 Week ending Dec. 29. DublinandWicklow .341 .. .. .. 36.3. 167 C'la_gowvand South-Western - - .. - .. 5.676 5,366 London, 3righton, a South Coast .. .. ..IS3P,.. 8,214 .. 2,160.. 11,074 ..10,6i9 South-stern .. .. - .. - .. - .. 18,037 .16,197 W eekendlngDec.W0. KendaLinlWindernere .. .. - ..12 124 -Tihe followian-are the last returns of the gross receipts of the pricipal French railways:-
STATE OF TRADE. LEEDS, JA&?f. L. The attendance of buyers in the cloth-hialls thismong was tolerably good, and a fair tion to ae rchne was m is, but, the w eatherbingrather glrrin, itas difcult.to judge sufliciently well of colours, and lience busine6s transactions were. not. o- estensive as they otherwise woul& have been. The tone of the trade is just aboutt the same as we noted in-our report of last Saturday's date, and altogether there is a gD-prdspect of an average spring trade. The thro Leeds newspapers all speak of the condition of the woollen trade as being as satisfactory as can be expected, and their remarks 'in the-main, both as to-the trade of the past year andpresent prospects, are confinntory ofthosinm o'er preseht and'last Satirday's reports. The following are the observations of-the Lee* Mercury:- -"I Im s,-Dec. Sl.-In the public cloth-halls. the woollen' iiarkets at the comimencemerit of the preseuatmionth wore a very quiet aspect. The mnerchants operated cautiously, -andt a very limaited extent. There was aconiparative lull in the market for'several dlays. During this time the small. sanuntfacturers had recurse- to the hawlkers to sell their goods; and large quantities wore almost daily offered at the warehouses-r very objectionable netde of transacting businessa whch.a can scariehly a be t n uch-deprecated.- -'Under thesecduiragu~ances'the c o cot in the mark-et acrtiulatedc to a moniderable -extent, and prices became tesunne But wherever any important advantage was in favher ofbthe buyer it took law rally- through the ':E -. ereha; ceqdiumeoftho lieaeker ior whea-theturgentgnecessities ofthe aanufacturer compelled a sacrifice. Therewere, doubte lets itth6 earlierpart of the montha few bargains pid'ked up tinder' these- circumistances. But. during the last four or five markets a much better andl finner tone has prevailed in the cl6th-halls. The miercliants havo operated- with mnore mand goods ha s been i- large tDantity of heavy have previously said had rapid°ly accumulated, has been Donsiderably reduced, and is not at present. i excess. - Pruices have also assumed Easftrndar aspect. o S m"The trade in the warehouse hais ruled simir to-that in the publiormarkets. -At thedcoimneniementof thre-nouth it has very dull aod qluiet, but since the l2th-utlt. -therehas been a large e ttendance ofr buyers in the town froma riearly all-prts. Ever,y house6 'of any considerable importaoLsein, ndon, Glasgow, wc anchester, and -several other large towns hasr had its representative here.. Tllere- has, consequently, en considerable actvity in ost of the warehto es. I teseveral instances - laTge sales have been effected. The demand hzs been prettm general; nearly al ind of ngoods have been inr reqdest. During the week, wyhen winter appearel to have set in with mnuch severity heavy goods Were sold to some extent ; hut the great hulk of the sales have sben in ordinary goods, and among others broadclcths of fine as well: as the middle qualities, of Valg make, that have an established character in the market, h been sold to a considerable extent. For some time ast cloth of thisdkind have been in much hotter demand, we ch au .rs well for thLe trade. Wa hope to see wore attention pind to thisbranch of the woollen mianufacture. . "Sice the termination of the last London wool sales on the 19th of November tic mils icthe clothing district have been in better wok; and at the present timde most of them aro rusn fau time. The execution of some large orders for East incla and China trde is givig good employ. menat in several of the manufacturing villages as well as n Leeds. However severely the present high prices of provisions press onthe workint classe, it i t very gratifyin to nmow that the pressre of haTrd tinmes is not increaed by the want of employmenta; there being- broughout the vroollen district fair employment for the great bulk of the operative classes, and at wages which have not been dimanished from the standare bof more probeus times. h "The dres ing ilnand dyehoef s har gnalin fair work;em ost of them yare employed timbrace.nel the tex rieviewingueturades of the lastri 2 monthe s, e hav tod rcnrtlaess our read.Evrs o inl th ac ha heya hasbensto iuchbettrac as the oennldg rmisd.n It aconned pectad fabri goom taveeand appr soension the i l enitrreli abiitesto anatoumeetith laredman htsd oprdone trade ato An stral and Ameat ce been th revi ou yosr wsthen bi ntde, kanownt an efu of its folly and recklesness felt. Enovery mail bog tmost daisasrous. tacou, descha hravte seldohble.n heuarted Ol anddretspenal stouseds tsotere andftell ienath consequen wrthe lradeeplti toa ea st unding monrth Tholcules tfatis provedpe ft, i meen disputal thriatedit hafiT eeniven sin ofhmanontnesytoankext dravgnOteLt amoprt Seversalnoftou Lteedsnmerchpantseretinvolvd rvar yheav il these are luras. Ant dtese time, th se oureaso tnobesary befrep Sorhas tonal To urenest aspect of yrdi irsa whechy Wa fourte wrdented by the yrestorMdistSeverial dairg cthat to act e ponheet tin f or fa Priaenti cnityen re noth man atrdeared in thpi men wasvmuhsaken, a nd thner ws neot desire do an lcarge boine md p siniested, exed ty with hane of undoubd stamio bilfity. by there ' to7den prcenwas inckl rhestiored Sev ceale nar ge shaly cnatracsufo clohin steadyv cnside trade of act t- the andmtanfcturaers ari bothi Idisn and bthere Ocomt enc Nov erd steas troae, wonthc contnued ith cosel awiny i errptin ufntorl Scpte er, whe nl o the busingethsear ao b y the liof Eanland(m. The usti -rby thciregivstaoet in raising the rate n5 ofpdisco,nts from w3 d to n,dndtultimtl t ert cenet. ain stuc ta umstr n caution onall qardsa then tense a verye s fteady carefltraeA if aind-to-s nduh charcter dubring Setwemerd-and fortomber ti vehe-na aenqitly mnatht, e yea thoses wt l a very stistre trade. The bul of ther businessub thiyearhsbe oh home afrkt. The and shipng reaed sebeent gbenerallyn deprtese andinactivrae. al -Tdsofhefabric thats have been- in earne during the yor earu t h e embtTra ne year the asu menr rsade business trans d tema indbrose otrson-eg lected trice oftweeyda n befn,oram heti hle isupplytwas etrteoy ion,aete a to ets xthe large deane prepare d t delo sprvan up; and othse sodob the mdatgefanufidactudr ofin pciteea beeadonm a m witthed eapIed san b eneofi3s. of.eFor he nntrtrde,allkind ofheay ngodtshavbend ine larepdemand t ofor tmante lorths. Thrumghu thear amnthere suredl good naturae ther. havmg blen athoe mone ad tnera,d tahxe tear haios probeen, on theweo o a sasonafacteor cha ifraer an teo r itsTex niet; w arn us rared low egrapeti hare bnot doemand. bettr ad with d h e p ft ines ita profae.m on met durinte lsour ontreand te stong. Rcmentitiountsfomrea -uthpresent dayeo a-c,htorour mlind,cadequate rieasn tosaount ofasoudrethis. n h. m oftheap resent Theapecy ofrade is sound ande hieal othylW doanotabelieve it,was evpermoeds, aerndeiwedt at giat exstent trae is- cnuThed.i loasrogcniec iUqatr "thahe'prosperctofrae ofo thes contry yearn ar notc consieredto b o stthe wnllholeunfatouresebe;atug moeyi veryeatefrtsand scre, corneandmprovsio-dnsalexeedinglyigh, cand increase th-afatioin hihlyhprobable,tl tergaed isea confident uimpessioli well-ginformed cieth atpwemshall hateret a far stady radenextyear The tme icaade gAusorame maretsarebet lokin beter anwihsted forme iatisg chaactr, ndivetetimny f asoud rvial bent- tfaraodethatthe ommece o thi coutry sinatsoend,ande grea efortsto e mde ad mch elf-deniaexrcsad inw almot uivesal eelng s tht te prmaentfintrests peace."
THE LATE CATASTROPHE AT K1K-E-The Limerie1 Chronicle gives the followinigo particulars in connexion with th]late fatal aident at kee, a watcring place cn the coast of Clare. A short account of the sadPalairW hLs already appeared in TATe Ti7cd W-" We have the painful duty of recording a most disastr6us casualtv at the Puffinhole table rocks, .west end.of Kilkec, on Snnday last. The wveather on the coast had been for a few days previous 'wild and stormy. The Atlantic sure were impelled aginst fhe rnlgedcbffs to a heightasedom seen by viiors, and-the foam of the angry billows 310ated-in the air and fell inland a considerable distance. After-church sereice on Sunday the weatherbrightenedupandthe wind hadfallen,but there was a fearful swell on the ,oean, and; several nersons walked -towards the cliffs to enioy the inarine proeicct for miles at both sides of the bay. Captan and IN[ lFisher, Lieutenant-Colonel Hampden i?epner, of isenis-y, 13. Robert Sinithwick and Miss 8mithwvick, the daughter of 3M. Peter Smithwick,' of Sliabally,' Tipjperary, formed one of the groups_ They agreed to visit the Puffing cavern, which the a; after aystern usually throwvs uip afountain of sea water in the most fantastic fashion;and, if the stn hapjen to I?Uy on this romantic, spectacle,. the successive jts d'cat eejbit the varied hues of ar ainhow, the ceaseless' motion of the tide below keeyiiill 'the. attractive features above- in fiill ksreise. The immediat. locale ofthis singular e1bject isappreachedbya sliding pth wny from-the cliff, ard then ib3d; apereh ofiosfdevel. gramte rock direct to-the CmYenL LientenaditCologel Pepper and idis SrithwiokweiL advance,d fref&ei.r,urging the others *D inove on, when a Coastgnrd mnaa on the clif avrned tl4e patt 'of tR danger of venturing ogt - tand;Captain Fisher, :ohseen- a.huge- wave roUi in, ,alled out to lVutevant-Celael Pepper to ininlinalielf,. -wlien the seasxoke on thoe,ebk with a tha.ideri crash) saturating %',ptain a'd- Fisher, -and e*4let overpo'!6-erng 1etena oecl Pepper and llk§ mithwick, 'who were both dyr ' toget.her by`the, mrccli swell&intck the shaft 'ftJeHfflng-hola, and.t'ler ditappextedtha the horrot a d& *xwement -of'those. n5w1i ,wereprcoidentially swve4 from a sinilari fate;iongi n- ping - undexhaLvedAhthe iolent shock. ThAnlamaof -thi ti even,tws peapgiven3 the pcec, fishermen, - and ( fiastgnardsbheta~t4to e feaihMsoeg but.nehuman. actinjf-Iemdeig dutrst 4*Bink tbbPhe masi cldionh3 iiM tbinj )fhhSeniisd-e f6ru teiit ISd;-gaad' ge aranu lmve not.iiace been !oi d.., Theofanos-ercoab that' UAeutehaut-acoloncel, rpper d-ve. and thes geeve: of4 lssSfiAthlWiiVs dress weecasbasb i the-Vic&iity of thii. awfiml'catastroph.o 3 ieatenia ixasoeli Pepper hnda large:n;U=LF Df .nlOne3 0flIns persont When-e1eOlf a pr to-t, .mnsrpess element. ie aerv 'veoSrs in the Ehst'Ina 'coinai-isBeriilafiny,iidfet&rnedtohlin3tiveoooutr- r.ot Ibn'g -inee.i The'iamnted lady was gaidda1ubter-aithe late, Rev. ;bert (zabbett% D.D., and, w6 are mfor-sed by . m:tlia f .iends o nat arrangemnents were inm roi re.s- for their 3ifinnia '- -hen this terrible ealan '-occurred *-Ho* ikt s. that man pr3pbsesa-nd Goddihspioe` The n- vors e ,xeturned to H6nisy-ho:,mncdr-lNinuag,i 'Fbe sea~o o',Theo,B,ld Pe6pjer; lirQher of thlt{lifit -:wflct4- - - : : ' - -; .j r- S..;.; - 4- :u .. > -)
I From thc MI0D1O GAZETTE of- 7ucdY, Jan. L _,- At the Council Chamiber, Whitehelj,-the 28th day- of Da. - By- the Lords p>f Her,.3fajestys Xqot Ron. priV3' The Lords of the Council, having taken into considera.i tion their Lordships' order of the 20thday of Septem ber,, 1855, hrb h offioers of Her Majesty's Custms werci ordeed o pevet te xportation of chlorate of ptal-s to ~uyplacoisEuozthotfDuldr,k- or in the Mlediterra.. nean of Ita, are hereby plea.sed to rescind thoi same ; and their Lod usarm likewi'se jileased. hereby tot rrescindso much o-f their1 rdJaoeof the Ist of No- 'vernber, 1855, as prohiblited the epr fchlorate of pDtanz; to all foen coutries 'Whereof the Lords Commissontrs of H~r Mfajesys Trea-' gory, and the Commissioners of Customs~, and all other per.. sons whom it mnay ooncern, are to takec notice, and govern themselves accordingly. . GEV L. RATES OF POSTAGE By a Treasm-y -%wrant, dated December 31,185, it ix directed that certain facilities for the tranismission of letters, &'a, by post shall be given, as arein tlxesaid wearrant set forth. FOREIGN&OMTCE, Dxc. 31, 1855I. -Office of Commissioners in Lunacy, 19; W'hitehall-place, Dec 28, 1855. The Commiasioners in Lunacv havo. this day (with the, aprbati'on of the Lord Chancellor) appointed John Forster. of1he1 a[ier Temple, s~, Barrister-atlahw, to be their Secretary, -on the resigntioni of ]EL W. S. Lutwidge, Esq., appointed a Commissioner. - NAVAL PRIZE 3f1YE7. 'Dejaztinexit of the Accuntant-General of the Navy, Ioc Admiralty, Somerset-house, Dec. 31, 185. Noieis hereby given to all persous interested therein that rprtion are now makuing for tlhe intendeddst butin of cproceed arising fro nx th e Russi an sch oone r M yran, capjti±ecl on the 17th of April, 18, by Her Majesys ship.T Desperate and Axrcher. Agents or other persons having any just and legal do.- rnands, inliquadated,againstthe said procteds, are rqie to transmit the bculars of -any sch demanmd to the Regis tra of the Hgh our of Admairalty, in ordler that thei same maRy be examoined, taxed, and allowed by that officer, and paid underthe sanction of the Judge bf the said Court, Agents and all other persons holding powers of attorney, prize orders, assigniments, or ot'her instruments, by virtue od which they may b legally entitled to claim, the share belongini to any captor, are requested, withi as little delay asx p ossibl7e, to transmit the samae, accomipaniied by the usual documents, to the Prize Branch of the Department of the "1AccouLntant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset. house." Due notice will be given, by future advertisements int thae London- Ga:eue of the date proposed for the commencement of distribution;- and, at the same time, the amount of amL individual's sar;e in the respective classes -will be anntouncd Comnassios a igned by the LORZn-L er s of the County or Roes,: C&jthnes. Sutherland, anl Cromarty Rtegiment or lilie Millitia.-Erisign James Stewart to he Lieut., vice 1titrick1acLes'W promaoted. By the Lonn-LrrorzwAar of the County or Scu&ia. LihrrayBatloocheIoa Suseex Idilitia.-Enuign Perej: 3By theo ZOsD-LsEUrsYNo- Of the CoUnt o OLsar3a`ax RoyalI GanrgnLight Ifar dlii-nioHer urw Bly the LonD_LurELrsEA?,-Tof the C-ormty ralatine of IrANcAsrAp.- 6tis Reeiment of Royal Lancashire Mtilitia,-Thomnas Acres Ogle, lae nsgn in the 5th Regiment or Royal Ieancsilre Miltia, to be By theLol r-LrscTrrA-arerofthe County of EnnrncznGeor atDn LOvnMAN. Quoeens Regiment of Edinburgh County 'Militia, Fd-filAugwrtus Windsor, gent., to be Ensign, vice Sinclair, pro.. moted. Bythe Loin-Lrun A-rararof the Count of StUtscx, NEi Beirn the Rtoyal Surrey Militia. Lint. 'WilliamJaemestharfp tube Capt., riceChadsiceesigneu. fhfnoigpoint et is substituted for that wlhich appeared rm th Gaette" of Friday, Dee. 2I1:-_ IBy th e LGrnD-LreureaA N-Tof thre Coqm tyocf C on-w.r.a.-t EnsignGerGrnieoreceoe et This 1 'Gazette" contains a, notice that the following placee haa been dulyregistered for the sDlemnintatior of ioarri-ages therein. Clifowyr Chape, 3lsanrdlivey, Pembrokeshire. ?IARTNEItHIlS DISOLVX5D. T. England sand Son, George-yard, Lorubard-street. merehonta.... Harris,.Sewell, sndCoD Ftnehurch-street, Kurgeoua-XYers and Co.. Pembroke, colliet worir-..Pie .Fru,at .B wn SkInner's,pls.oe, Sise-lane. and Sydnecy. New South wales. mcrchant3. -Ho,kingsao sdEBcTowcsrPIaul'a-wharf. UryperTharses-street, and the 0daadINew CDrruExchange. Mark-lane. corri.merelransota3 far asregazdaW.Hopkrnsn, sea-Hutchinsenaud.Hollian. Wewmn-toncausew-ay, furnisbmig ironmogers.-W. and J 'Hobdey. Sedgley. ~taf. fordlshlrc, maltatem.-Baekl-onse and Co.. lpswilib, stovemranufactur-. ers.-J. Gore and Co., OldJewry-chambers, Old Jewry, mercliants.-. T. and J. Irtarwood. Whitb'c sbip-brokema-H. Hides. Hungrerfordstreet, Strand, and- J. CDookQneen-street, CheaDside, mamnufcturera of sslrapsrila eocoa.--S. HeAiogton ad.& Downer, ladirn' bordiang. i,chool miiess-hder ad Grimes, I.eadriuhall.street, and. St. Georgeo-street, East, printexsa-R. S. and W. C. Finc,, Fisherton Anger, Wiltshire. conductors oran estabbhrhurnt for the recelition of insne persons-J. Blacket amXRB A. Toarkins. Higl-%r.soet. Southwark, woouledadmpex-J, Cheetham, jun., and GP. CheetbrAni Dery silk- web manufacturern-Johnaon and Rtobinson. Liveror.l, lm burners.-TPioan-d Co..,l~mstet Ludgate-hill. ginsslaeces Schrutt, Herta and Go., Bra, ord, Yorlft.h-e, yarn maemn.rnnts.-Linelf, andJenks, Shrewsbunry; iromnengrem-Hodgicnsons', Tone,. ancditead wholesale druggists; asiaras regantls J. Hodgkinson.-A- Pellatt and CD., Eolland-atrect, Blaclcfriars~,. and Baker-street. Portmsa-ikjuarv. glas remaufactuxess.-Stao acaend Howells, Bristol, luesrirapers..- I;hewell IWitehead, eGordos, AIindeen.nlnuat -Ss Pietet, and Co., Liv-erpool, merebsots.-Tirrker and Longaha,,- Man- chester, commsoin agensta-A.snd G. N. .Alexanler and.CC., Lom.- bard-street, maoney dealers; as. far as regards J. Brown.-. J. A. and J. T. Jones Leadenhall-street, licensed victuallems-T. Milerand Co., St. Mfasy-axe, tiedealers-B. and W. Prtitchard, -sal J. Shelton, Waruidr-lane. Ncwgnte-sret buildets.-W. Ward and C- Bryat. ed senetretiHolom,bnidcr.-CBruua and!Schuhs. man. anchster cormiasua,sentaD. Iollit and CO. PtLan. cheter enmvsa.ItJChldnn W B.Kely,Old Jewry-cha,nbers, attone~n-J, omerillandA Harer, t. eact's-place, Graechurh-sreet shp.aents-Ts-lorandFracis, Nottingham, atatienss..JaneaandSen.Greadatoee,Conmmercial-road East, and alw American Phtcaiss-ieynd aorSrod Tyne. siemrhns-an,Hura,adHge ot- eohn, areHollans, Grateo Wmrbepater-stee.metwrcoats-flSao andliam. Idl-ia, Heyfrdlt.-R a nd Tubr oke, orighamton.sirge ons. -C.n Thatchr~o sareder Janowl13,atuIollerie-stFeb..1horeateir. 1thoot mankraptsourt:rso-Grtom Measmwood,rIws andCo, ot B,oy ser.rO En,Lncsie eofficial mrs assine far. aihosonregaina ~altram. JohnPMrke ars,latke-of Lllrosgate-streecjWtre on. for,ergnS WLlinard ELam.dHeford "curd lange. oan. CobtDmpbmir-0sd iron- stn antt ,redrJan. 11. atlho-ps 1-o clock , Feb. -12. atn 11. at the a .tBanrut:solciourt:alie..lto~Phiesp.tI.dracnhie, -Piw. nuthuybter.tOl Jewrrchaabigneeodicia asl.oemgne.r ilsan,Bsgal-street.IUin- Rowlnd Bli Backer,. nUIs,garDatretf morl eternof foreignr_ goods. Jan. p.apermanufalck Feb a. 8 at at 2theoi4.Fb 15.kcps aoutlat soliBanorups. Metssoittos r..adSpadPitchard, Stwate-streeolbt; offiiaa. Lardinaneen,1r Chatncre,y-lane,.hand Coreet.t-oa, Jan.1esa Elarrifn.patyrl clmisok.agen.14t Jan. , at th 0cloclYeb-, Court:12 at.icthorar M nkru.pthpoxt sa (oirenitl, GrAeeehuarkin-esee_ Gorge Wagnseire,ir Bemar..strema-tret-uSd.c catsehyalf-pastperdc.maNeLi9 trr Jan.f1past 12 a tateh.Fb Baruat%. alt. thsBnrlt'iortcilutor, Arr..Tupirer. Clmn'ate fiWaWgue.-. Hurb. S-n;eldi Jilames arreanWhite, comiswoion, aget. an,rdl ch,at2 ejcmoIk.,e. 12 ,at1 atba.psMa the~Bnrps Courtingam lzicit6r Court Pazldson,, Maccle,sfll-offitclar.Roinson,s Mr.n ,Grham; fiil.asgee-lr athl-pat o'lok, Fb.1h2.n lat utr Jna.cb .ahalf-pas 2 a a anrps'Cut Feb o'lc,ataist 1 at the Birmingham Distreict Court of Rankrpc:si-. cltoes,. Mr.- SmitILs sod Mr.- East, Bmirsnogba~.s offilail assiguae,, M1r. Whitruome Birmingham.. George Taylor,. Dathb silk maanufacturer, Jani. ls5. Feb. IZ.athalfpas 10'clck~at i-e iragnham District Courtof iankeuntcy, -Not.- tusbra: soliios Mesars Crowder and 31%YWrn anxd Co.. _Ltndon Mess.Mtera.and Knight, BuMi-in m and 3MesepsDiua cMlf.Drby.;- offiial assignee, M1r. Hornr. 2grtitinhlaun. BateBaler, k innkeeper. Jan. .Fe s at 1 a'cc. a Iraweemi repir. oar.eanse.vcule,J.. 9II.,C. eb.~ 1. -2'co. wththe Manle dusterPstrict Cour of B.aNrpw eolirbU16et. Mesara landr kellreJs. nrJ:01 plaoe.- V1DEDSL 'P FRen. - roacort.- uatueran. 23 &. otld Io,ursca, abtr sraw-mhiLk pro ELtoD.-er. 29n.J. C-,' 'e' kua. GJvt% drysg_;atemket- manutactur-r-Ja. 22.5J. rL Vc, e .anahr,sttonispinnerr,-Jar. 22 B. REgland x n, w. cram..,(cin, Ikdfao. nea i CETR=CAME to be grrnted -4e caasebcgVn t U4tet0(otrai oath, dnzofnectrng ---a, 2, lBULor Iate.of wter, ri ,enUer--jan.2. flE Redwood, junn. idihte Lam club,dae. Jamn4,JXGro'W'. Stoclzbridraterae FilridgO,- muSICWa 1-altnment 'delet~-J.M -T. B.E n~Gld6r~.~klv,,). 23, IL 1Wl elC-aTerdiah-strrvt,--Por±lsnd$ere, mruA_ Illr.-Jan. .21 r_ NMilbiains. jam, 25i~rh5l eli-Jn . C. Avery. :-enclburb.3treet, euenal r.n C. l4In.PSr .noeter, "ew t stubone,-ald l . .DonWpoU icaorrsdllF,er.- it B~~~stas, Lirsayby?, mllv*igkt4, r~.
0O2VW0, WEDISDA Y, JANUARY 2, 18. It is right at the commeencement of a new year plainly to set before our Statenmen, our Generalx, and our Admirals that which the country expects frona their hanhds, andl without which the war may be found quite as unfavourbble to the powers that rule in n2and as to the powers that rule in Russia. The Briish arixtoca havo the conduct of the war in all its branches. Succes wil confirn the -ociul and . political position. of our -upper cawes, and strengthen the throiie of a limited on&cahy; which can only exiit wheR s=cundtd by aristocratik institutions; failure-such a failure as would indelibly fix upon our, governing classes the stigma of incapacity, and of that obstinacy which is incapable of remodelling what is obsolete to meet what is new and urgent-would shak.e the firmest institutions and bring doubt into the most settled convictions. We must look to it, for good and evil are alike before us. The prospects of peace with which we have been amused for the last month recede before us ILke the lake that only exists in the mirage of the desert. While we have been agreeing on conditions, the foundation of which is the pacification of the Black Sea, and tracing on the map the new frontier which we are disposed to allow to our adversary, the Court of Russia has had other dreams, and announces far other. grounds of pacification. With unheard-of and intolerable insolence, Russia announces in the same breath that she assents to the third condition of the Conferences of Vienna,that is, to put an end to her preponderance in the Black Sea,-and that, with the view of carrying this condition into execution, she consen'ts to exclude the Western Powers from that sea altogether, and to leave it to be navigated by so many Russian ships of w&r as Turkey and Russia may between themselves agree upon. Such a proposition' is not an overture,-it is an insult. The offer of peace on such terms'is a new outrage-a fresh provocation to war. What can be hoped from negotiation with a Power which, after such a series of reverses as have fallen upon Russia since the close of the Vienna Conferences,-her armies defeated, her finances deranged, her fleet destroyed, her coasts ravaged, her rivers beset and blockaded,-can find no terms except such as she might impose had victory followed; her standards as pertinaciously as defeat ? To exclude the alies from the sea'that they have made their own, in order to give back the dominion over it to a qleet that is buried beneath its waves, to regulate the equipose of power between herself and Turkey by a convention to which the principal belligereiits are to be no parties, to leave the cause of European independence to the keeping of the treachery, the timidity, or the venality of the Divan, are terms so disastrous and ignominious that -wve must lose more fleets and armies than Russia has lost before we can stoop so low-before we can regard such terms as anything else than a fresh outrage and a fresh provocation. We have just offered fresh terms to Russia. If she accept them it is well. If she do not accept them, but seek to entangle us in negotiation, we only express the earnest wish of the nation when we trust that no such opportunity wil be afforded her. She has just given a convincing proof that her wild ambition isnot yet tamed sufficiently to hear reason, and that she must suffer more before she can be awakened from her dreatms of vanity and ambition. Assuming, then, the war as all but certain, with what weapons are we to carry it on? The pride, the safety of the nation, has hitherto been the naval service.- Never have our fleets been so costly and so splendid. The substituition of steam for sails, and the enormously increased value of the commerce which the allied fleets have had to protect, have induced and justified a scale of naval expenditure unknown to the patriotism or the prodigality of former ages. In the late war the ships of England went everywhere and did everything. "Wherever wood can swim," said NAroLEo., " there is sure to be found an English cruiser." With incredible daring and success}, ith only the uncertain winds and treacherous waves to rely on, they entered every harbour and scrutinized every creek-, and, provided they could get in, never troubled themselves with the superfluous consideration how they were to get out again. But it seems that science, by increasing our powers, has diminished our boldness. WVe are so careful of our splendid steamships that we dare not use them, and feats that NELsow, with his lumbering men-of-war, would at least have attempted, our Admirals dare not even contemplate. The whole spirit of the naval profession seems changed. From the most daring it has become the most cautious,-from the most dangerous, the safest of professions. The blood of our army has flowed like water, but short and bloodless have been the annals of naval carnage. The man who fishes for whales or drives an engine should have a stout heart; but weak indeed must be the nerves that cannot face the prospect of a Baltic naval campaign. Our steamers can move at the rate of twelve miles an hour; in ten minutes they can be in action from a place of perfect safety; in ten minutes they can retire from action again. War has as yet seen nothing like the opportunity for dashes and surprises, for sudden onslaughts and rapid retreats, for testing the strength of an enemy and thoroughly reconnoitering his position in the best possible way, by attacking it, which the invention of steam affords. The most watchful enemy mnTst often be surprised by such tactics, and¶ when not surprised must be kept hi a constant state of restlessness and alarm. But we seem terrified at the potency of our new agent, and, instead of raising our minds to conceptions worthy of the gigantic power we employ, have succeeded in dwarfing it dowiv to the puny notions that passed current in the days of sails and oars. We learn with satisfaction that 'Admiral Dua-DAs has been directed to haul dowrn his flag. Such a direction is no censure, but it gives an opportunity for considering whether a more efficient successor cannot be found, and breaks the claim which is so apt to grow up out of the command of one year to the command in the next. The English navy has its laurels to win, -and for the English navy not to win those laurels in two years is, in fact, to lose them. We have left ourselves but little space to speak of our army; but we are not without apprehensions that, having suffered in 1854 from being too lean, it may suffer in 1856 from being too fat. Then it was starved, now it runs some danger of being coddled. The laudable desire to efface in the comforts of the present the miseries of the past seems not unlikely to deprive our troops altogether of the power of locomotion. An army that cannot move without 40,000 beasts of burden, 40,000 drivers, mechanics, navvies, and we know 'not how many other ancillary corps, is in great danger of never moving at alL Our men are in splendid condition, and want nothing, we really beheve, but example and opportunity , but- it is hard to obtain these under Generals to whom [everything is impossible. If we do move, we shall carry with us a camp better worth sacking than all the cities of Russia put together, and may possibly find, when too late, that we have offered irresistible temptations to the depredators in the vast multitude of all nations that swarm around us. A military system that was not robust enough to bear the tzials of a siege is not likely to regain credit in a campaign in the open field. But the attem.pt must be made, and the natioii will never endure that the spring and summerof 1856 should be wasted in the same inglorious inaction as the autumn that has just pased away.
The body which in France bears the name of Inperial Guard was called into existence more than 50 years ago. It fint surTounded a 'Republican Consul, but it was not until the. founder called himself Emperor, ana medaed the conquest of Europe, that it assumed its great proportions, and the matehiles disciine whicib has given it an endring fame. Iu the gmeat ba#kI of the later Empire the Guard wvas always conspicuous; as the enemies of France learnt skill and stubborniness from defeat, and grew every day m,oe a -match for the conqueror, the services of the Guard were more and mnore a 'sad necessity. Both Sovereign and people-looked upon them with bounidless favour and admiration. It 'was the Guard to which NArOLE0o bade farewell at Fontainebleau, and the feeling was requited by the unflinching devotion of Waterloo. With this last catastrophe its days of glory closed, and during a generation it was unknown to France. The present EMnRmOR had not been long in power before he carried out a design probably long before formed. An Imperial Guard was a natural project of la Bo2Ar'ARnv restored to the throne. The memory of such a force was deeply seated in the hearts of the people. If reconstituted it. would equally invite the fidelity of the army. The revived organization was even more efficient than 40 years -back. The force was never a rhere 'body guard, but now it is a complete army of tried soldiors, having its own cavalry, artillery, grenadiers, light infantry, and field train. To judge: of the Guard by the regiments which bear a corresponding name in England would give a most incorrect notion. The officers have almost always served with distinction in the Line, while the privates are similarly draughted from other regiments, so as- to avoid the intermixture of young and untried soldiers. The Guard, as reconstituted, is fitted to be the great nucleus of French armies, the reserve for the day of danger, the chief defence in any long and hardly-contested conflict. But the French EDmmon had no wish that his newly formed force should rest at home while less favoured troops were incurng dangers and earning fame in the East. It was necessary to the honour of thc new empire that the new Guard should inscribe on its flags names worthy to be remembered. Accordingly, in the spring of the present year neArly 7,000 landed in the Bosphorus. Under a commander who had shared in the wars of the first 'NArouioc they encamped with the reserve of the French army. A few weeks after they were ordered to the Crimea, and at the capture of the NIlamelon they proved that the old spirit was alive whicl had led to 15 years of glory. On the 18th of June and the 8th of September the same valour was shown in defeat and victory. These brave men now return to their own country after an absence short, if mere time be taken into accounit, but of long duration if measured by the crowd of brilliant actions which have marked the year that has closed. It would be unfair, however, to attribute the unwonted enthusiasm which the Parisians have show n merely to the fact that it vas the Guard which entered the city. Several toilworn and shattered regiments of the Line were there-men wlho had bivouacked at Old Fort amid rain and tempest, who had fought at the Alma, and for 11 months had been decimated in the trenches before Sebastopol. The respect and welcome of the people were equally given to these, but the presence of the Imperial Guard gave a higher tone to the solemnity, inasmuch as it called on the chief of the State to address in person the troops which are especia'ly his own. AVe are not among those who endeavour to extract a meaning from every word that falls from a potentate or his M1inisters. It is, perhaps, impossible for the French EM-mpnoR to utter a sentence so guarded that the political world will not see in it, peace or war. A speech addressed to veteran soldiers newly landed on their owvn soil, amid the plaudits of thousands, must be animated, and in a, certain degree warlike; yet, making allowance for the occasion, the E}IPERoaes address certainly gives signs of a determination-to carry out the war which has been begun. The Guard is recalled that other regiments nmay have their turn of service and its rewards. " The country," he says, " which maintains 600,000 soldiers has 'an interest in maintaining in France a nuner"eous and experienced army, ready to march "-wherever occasion may require." He tells them to preserve carefully the habits of war, and, while resting for a timie from hardships, to be yet in readiness to respond to his appeal. This is certainly not the tone of a man who contemplates the ending of an incomplete war by an ineffective peace. It rather shows a conviction that the contest is more arduous than was at first believed; that, though success is sure, it is still far off, and must be sought by new exertions over a wider field. No nation of Central Europe need fear the announcement that the French Guard are to hold themselves " ready to march." Although the allied Powers would gladly see the co-operation of Prussia aud Austria in so great a cause, yet their neutrality is not likely to be interrupted, so long as it is a reality. It is against the common foe of Europe that the newly-raised levies of the French empire will be directed; it is on the frontier of' the CzAR that the storm will break which is presaged by the short address of the French Sovereign. The plan of the next campaign is not decided, nor can its extent be yet foreseen. It must be remembered' how the contest in the Crimea grew from moderate beginings until it became the most gigantic of modern times. But we are able at least to form some image of the war of 1856. It will be carried on with equal energy in two seas, and will threaten the enemy's ill-acquired provinces at both extremities of the empire. It is probable that the struggle in the Baltic will not fall short of that in the South either in regard to its magnitude or results. The land forces may not reach the numbers which are now congregated in the East, buit the fleet which the two nations will shortly despatch to the northern waters will exceed anything that has hitherto been known in naval warfare. Th% danger that impends over Cronstadt and St. Petersburg is not neglected by the Czw. Everywhere fortifications are springing up, and the lessened bands of Russia are still further divided by the necessity of defending the capital itself. There is good reason for such precautions. It is more than probable that a portion of that Guard whose retumt Paris has just celebrated will be sent within a few months to earn new titles to applause on the shores of the Baltic. At last the war in this part of the world must lose the- reproach of incurring great expense to effect little,and even the two former fruitless campaigns will not be wholly lost if the experience gained is useful for eventual success. The Crimea and the Transcaucasian provinces may each '-of them be the scene of important events. It is the peculiar advantage of the allies that they can, 'in a few days, change the seat of war, and land a powerful force on any point of the Black Sea coast, from the Danube round to Batourm. Their army is available for any enterprise; they can attack where they please, Certain that the enemy cannot retaliate. On the other hand, Russia is compelled to maintain a different army at every point of her territory. Odessa can ill support SimpheropolTiflis can hope for no assistance from either. In these circumstances there is indeed encouragement for the French Sovereign to persevere, and to promise the noble force which he has created that it shall render new services to France and civilization. He has in his Guard a body of troops iell affected to his family and throne, but they will best support his claims by completing his triumph over the adversary against whom he and his allies are banded.
That the Board of Trade is alive to the importance of procurng Correot returns of our sgricultural produoe no one can doubt. There is not a man in the country who is not alive to it, if he has given the subject a momenfs thought. Even the farmers, who, jealous of injury to themselves individually, refuse to sppl-y the information, will admit the value of such statistics to the country at large. We shall; therefore be anxious to know whether in next session of Parliament the Government wrill have the courage to pass a measure in accordance with the views of the conunittee whieh in June last recommeended such a registration. It requires some courage, in consequence of the hostility of the English agriculturists, whose favour, perhaps, the Mtinister may be more than usualy anxious to secu-e; or on account of the expense which it entails, even - 30,000o. being of importance to a Chancellor in the time of war. But, if it:be.neoessary to propitiate the farmers and to lighten as much as poisible the expenses of the war, there are other elasses and other expenses which it is right and necessary to consider. There were lately a good number of bread riots throughout the country, and the populace rather illogieally laid the b'ame at the door of the Ministers. Although the arguments were not very logical, we mny still be permitted tv ask whether our Governments have done all in their power to prevent those violent fluctuations of price out of which the discontent arises, and especiallv whether, after the recommendation of the Parliamentary committee of last session, they will be wholly guiltiess should such riots again occur through neglect of the proper precautions i As to the expense of the undertaldng, it is not for a morrnit to be eonsideried in comparison with the increased expense to hi,gh and low of the commonest recessaries of life. In a letter of Mr. CAiR's, which' we published at the end of October, it was calculated that we were then paying for the month's consumption of wheat 1,500,0001. more than at the samne period in last year. The results of the Scoc*ish agricultural statistics compel us to make some deduction from his estimiate. The fact to whichhe te-stified,- and with regard to which his testimony was valuable, was the average yield per acre; the fact which he took for granted was the number of acres allotted to wheat throughout the country, from the SolenttoJohn-o'Groat's. That fact is a mere guess-relied on, it is true, as a pretty good guess by the best authorities, but still a guess, and probably a blunder. Mr. CAnrD calculated on this hypothesis,-that the wheat crop of the present year would be 15,000,000 quarters. The startling revelations of the Scottish statistics lead to the conclusion that, if the acreage of England has been reckoned as loosely as that of Scotland, the quantity of wheat may not be much more than half the estimated amount. But, even admitting this element of uncertainty into Mr. CAIRD'S calculations, and supposing that the increase in the month's consumption is not more than half what he says, what an enormous addition is 750,0007. to the monthly expenditure of the nation for breadstuffs alone! And yet, says M;r. CAIP.D, "successive Governments hesitate about "an outlay of some 30,0001. to obtain accurate "returns, 'which would calm public anxiety as "to the supply of food, and would remove that "uncertainty and apprehension which alarm public "credit and paralyze trade." But the fact is that Governments hesitate to institute inquiries of this kind, not merely on account of the expense, but also on account of the obstacles in their way and the disappointment which has again and again been experienced in obtaining trustworthy returns. If the French Government can now point to accurate Teturns, these have been obtained after many fruitless, experiments. In the last century the National Assembly made more than one attempt to secure accurate information as to the agricu-ltulral produce, and failed. NAroLEox also made the attempt, and failed. The BounsoNs likewise failed again and again; and it was not until 1836 that a prospect of success dawned on the more perfect organization which was then devised for obtaining the required end. In EugLand we have been equally unfortunate, and hope that in the end we shall be equally successful. In 1836 the Board of Trade made an experiment of this kind, linited, however, to Bedfordshire. The inquiry was instituted through the clergy, and utterly failed, not more than a fifth of the parishes forwarding the retiuns. Another attempt was made ten years ago in three districts of the three kingdoms simultaneously. In Ireland and Scotland the inquiry was successful; in England it was nought. Since then we have obtained returns for the whole of Scotland and the whole of Ireland, and we hope next year to obtain the same for the whole of England. In order to obtain this result the suggestions of the Parliamentary committee to which we have referred, and the experience of MIr. HAlL MAxwxEL in Scotland, are full of value. Two classes of returns are absolutely necessary,-one compulsory and supplied by the farmers; the other not so, but provided by the commissionmers of the district. Mr. MAxw ELL found little difficulty in obtaining the schedules - from - the Scottish farmers. They, indeed, hesitated to supply the information to the district enumerators and committees, as that would expose the state of their land to the neighbouring farmers; but they were willing to communicate directly with Mr. MAxwxan. In Scotland, however, the investigations have been conducted under the auspices of the Highland and Agricultural Society,-abody in which the farmers have unlimited oonfidence. 1n England it would be conducted through the Poor Law machinery; the idea of increased rates and rents may haunt the dreams of the country gentlemen, and to a certain extent the returns must be compulsory. But there would be little use in rendering the second class of returns, which relates to the average yield of the acres, compulsory, and, if we could prevail on the farmers to furnish them, we should still be liable io doubt their accuracy. The farmer would either refuse to give information or would be tempted to understate it. Let an average therefore be struck, after every possible inquiry, and this, multiplied into the acreage of the district, will give the truth pretty nearly. These returns, in all their accuracy, cannot be furni3hed sooner than November, althoagh, as we have before remarked, provisional estimates might be made at a much earlier period, and these, for all practical purposes, would be accurate enough. It must be evident that, in order to foresee the state of the markets and to compete with countries in which the harvest is several weeks earlier than our own, we require, and we must be content with, a -rough estimate previous to the final one. In any case, -too, in even the most accurate statistics which it is at present possible to obtain, we must be content --with an approximation to the truth. The returns of the yield per acre will not be facts, but estimates-not the facts of the farmers' books, but the estimates of surveyors; and, even if we had accurate informatibn-as to the precise number of quarters and bushels per acre, still this would be far frome;iactitude. In measuring simply by capacity we overlook a -most important item-weight. One quarter of wheat may differ from another by forty or fifty poundse weight. H Here, then, is so much differeh6e in the relative proportions of flour and bran. Such a difference in millions of quarters must considerably affect the accuracy of the retpna; and we shal be quite content in the meantime if fie Bourd of Trade will lay the matter seriiouly to heart, and provide us with estimates which, although rough, may still - be relied on, and may X much as possible moderate the fuctuations of the mark et. , . : u, !& 3nUrke ' I - .~~~~~~~~~~~~~
The King of Paussis grudges even a small con-- signment of light literature to the traitors- of the Anglo-Geimjau Legion. These poor fellows in the cOmparative inaction of their winter quarters are dighing 'for their usual allowance of metaphysics andi beer-songs; butfnot a syllogism, not a danza shall they receive from Berlin oi Leipsic, if the Mtajesty of PvrsSU. can prevent it. This seems very hard, not to say very unwise. Exposed as they are to the soul-destroying influence of French and English companionship, it' might have bben prudent to keep them well saturated with ideal heavy-wet fresh fron Fatherland. The King of P'ussIA's last hope of recalling these runaways from the genial censorihip of a paternal police surely lay in convincing them of the enornnity of their loes. 'They have consented to receive the base copper of' freedom in return for the sterling coin of F,,evUiit;-why allo themto drift without an effort towards the abyss, in which, if once absorbed, they may not impossibly cease even to regret the blessings they have lost t Often and often have we heard from Englishmen whose lot had been cast amid the most majestic scenery of Asia, over-canopiedwith thepure and crystalline arch of an.Indian sky; and from others whose fate had conrigned them to the splendid banishment of the richest islands in the Eqtmtorial seas, that a chance glance at some old English tale had inspired them with an unconquerable longing to tread the unctuous mud of Fleet-str6et once mrore, and. once niore to inhale a balmy whiff from a London fog. The fragrant spioe-groves, the blue seas, and the deep forestsT of the Indi?tn Isles are all well enougn in their way, but the IOn-doner loves the tumult. and: rush of his. own metropolis; the Wiltshire yieasant-boy must in the end " realize," and exchange his coffee plantation in Ceylon for the delightfuli dreariness of Salisburyplain. Let vagrant man wander about as he may, and quarter the surface' of the planet with all the odd vagaries of a spaniel fresh from his plunge, back he longs to come in the end, and resign his breath where he first received it. Now, why does not the King. of Pnussx& take advantage of this principle, deeply rooted as it is in the innermost kernel of man's heart? Why does he not-even in irony-pipe to his runaways " There's " no place like home," with the infinite variations of which that celebrated air is susceptible ? The most distant indication of the melody would fall with irresistible force upon a German ear. 'what equivalent can be offered him for those regular alleys of linden trees umder which he loved so well to consume Canaster, andaimbibe vast draughts of splendid but nasty water sparkling from his favourite well-? W'hat social spectacle can be so pleasing to his' eye 'as the knots of portly matrons and flat-faced -maidens 'nitting without rest or pause, each party at their own little green table? Where Will he hear such music as that which is performed by an ordinary provincial band in his own country ? Where does he stand a chance of attaining those great' dignities in which his heart delights equal to that which awaits him in the hereditary dominions of Wittgenstein-Hohenstein-.auchenhei.nm Where, save in that happy land, can he hope to be named .Mr. Assistant-General-to-the-DeputyInspector-of-Equipage-Waggons? Surely, if the King of PRUSSIA would call his runaways back, he should keep the green lindens under their eyes, the fragrnt Canaster under their noses, and the prospect of great dignities ever present to their minds. But the edict has gone forth. The correspondent of thisjournal in Berlin was endeavouring the other day to make a collection of books for the benefit of the poor soldiers in the Anglo-(German Legion. It seems, however, that such a project smells rank of the offensive principle of association to the noses of the Prussian polioe. Wthenever two or three are gathered together in Prussia, it follows as a State necessity that a policeman must be among them, so deeply rooted in the heaits of the Prussian people is the feeling of attachment to their Sovereign and his Government. Now, as our correspondent could not, of course, make a collection of books without collecting them, he was informed that, although there might be unity of design in his project,' there was plurality of action -the inference was a policeman. The authority of the police, however, should never be granted to so treasonable a scheme. What ! administer to the intellectual comfort of a pack of runaways, who had dared to fly from the face of their gracious King? If they had had German hearts in their breasts they would not as yet have proceeded further in their opposition to the action of the Prussian Cabinet than to folrm a wish that their Sovereign might gently hint a desire that the CzAR would sometimes between sleeping and waking think of peace as a possbility. But this Anglo-Germian Legion has gone mu h further than this. Not only have these bruta men dared to think faster than their Sovereign, but they have actually absconded from the sandy paradise in which he reigns supreme, and have levied war against his relatives, friends, and allies. They have enlisted under a foreign banner; they have taken Mini6s in their grasp, and stuffed their pouches with real cartridges, which, unless forestalled by some convulsion of indignant nature, they will, at a future day, not improbably discharge against the loyal legions of Holy Russia. ' Such is the nature of their offence; it is one at which humanity may well shudder, and yet so lost are they to shame, so dead to all sense of t.heir awful situation, that they absolutely dare to- long for metaphysical pabulum fresh from Fatherland. No, let them fall into the dark well at the bottom ofwhich sits Truth, but not a treatise shall they have to save them from intellectual destruction. They shall be made as uneasy as common sense can make them, and long in vain for the last professorial notions upon " The 2Esthetical Identity of the 'unity of " Nothingness with the Thousandfold Subjectivity " of myriad-faced Nature-projections." - if that awful deprivation does not bring the traitors to their senses we know not what will.
We have reoeived t,e MOSeniref of yesterdav. It does not conxtain any news of interest: SOUTHAMox, Jan. 1.-The following is a return of the number of passengers and packages of baggage which 1hFve been landed at these docks during the past year from the vanrous mail and other steamships Althbugh the Indiaii, Cap, and Austriian steaships have been withdrawn, together with those trading between Constantinople and this port, yet an increase ofZ 2267pamengers isahow ioi c2pirison with the returns for 185. In conrequence of the requirements of the transport serie ea large with few exceptioni, the mail service has beec but gltghtl interrupted. The coluuim devoted to diatreesed Briti rebjects represents 896 invalided and wounded roldiers, 18 women, and- 96 children, belonging to soldiers at vaious foreig staten; the remainder conaists tf distrse persensa:d dhipeclasao.x
SECOND EDITION. THB TIMES OFFICEP, Wednesq. M077o-x1g i . I EXPRESS PROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris oorre& spondent, dated yesterday, 8p.m. The militaryPffof Saturdayretarded the con. straction of the groteque andrhapele6s huts Wihi,1: by immemorial usage, are allowed to deform for a certain number of days the noble thoroughfare ithich extends from the Maldeleine to thedntile. The delay haa been amply repaired. -For three nights past the sound of the hammer and thegrating of the saw never ceased, and both sides of the Boulevard are now covered with rude bazaars, where articles of quaint fashion, but of low pnrce, compete with the more costly toys which fill the windows of the fancy shops. But whit. chance have leaden soldiers a 4 soxs piAcc; portable theatre of2f.l representing the siege of SiliXtria or the fall of Sebastopol, au coiwc; muskets at 30 souls; model cottages at -f., garden included; books with engravings at the same inodest price, and which amply satisfied the ambition of children of other days, before the "mar6h of intel. lect" had applied complicated machinery to w&% dolls, or-decorated them in lace and satin; and when bon-bons, in the simple envelope of 'brown paper, were yet loved for themselves-what- chance have these unasuming gifts against the gorgeous taricles so near at hand, of which the meanest. costs more than the contents of an entire tent? 'Why the absurd system of &reuwws shouldbe maintainedin an enlightened age and a civilized cojnttry it is hard to say. WVe are rapidly renouncing the prejudices of oar ancestors, and-abolishinguages which h5ave no longer any utility -or mleaning. Even the Lord Mayor's Show, all venerable and imposing as it may be, wil hardly stand a few years longer.: What have we to do with the superstitions of the Sabine Tatius, or with his devotion to the Goddess Strenua, who has given her name to the custom ? In the writers of the age of Auagustus complaints may be found of the obligation imposed on the citizens of making presents to their protectors and their patrons, and the early Councils and Fathers of the Church endeavoured in vain to do away with an abuse which even then had become intolerable. But that abuse was little in comparison with wvhat itisnow. Protests and denunciation seem to be in vain, and there seems no hope of getting, rid of this most odious of all imposts except in its own exces. It is utterly impos. sible for any one with moderate means to satisfy the growing cupidityforNew Year'spresents. You may be the most gifted, the most fascinating member of society, burt if you do not pass the ordeal of the jour de Van as you ought you are worthless and contemned, while the merest rust e, -whose presence is a bore, and to'whom no door is willingly opened, is on this day as welcome as the animal by whose instru. mentality Philip of Macedon said lie could conquer7 cities, provided the visitor be loaded with the same precious inateriaL The contrivances which people make to avoid this tribute exercises human ingenuity to the utmost. Any one who kInows much of society must remark the sudden disappearance of certain familiar faces as the month of December draws to its close. Any-pretext will serve. "lUrgent affairs" -were not more frequent on late occasions in the Crimea than they are in Paris at this season. You have important business to superintend in some department more or less distant from the capital, and for which your presence is inidispensable. in certain pirrenu societies it is considered ban ton. to have Legitimist opinions, and there is no more fashionable mode of exhibiting your partiality for the old and your dislke for the new rfgime than by remaining till the end of January in the country. Alas! it is no such chivalrous feeling which keeps so many in their chateaux on the Garonne or the Loire, and no one is the dupe of such a stratagem. -The ulhappy man, -wvhose only possessions are those aerial structures familiarly known as diatcaur eai L<xace, and whose "landed property" comprises tile mould in the flower-pots which decorate his balcony on the sixth story, hasno such excuse. He has nothing for it but to take to his bed and remain there during the existence of the New Yea.'s day pestilence, swallow physic, submit to cupping or blistering for imaginary complaints, o-r by way of variety have one or two of his teeth drawn, though he may only know of the toothache through the advertisements of Desirabode of the Palais Royal. Desperate cases of the kind are said to have occurred. The remedy, however, is in one's own hands. He who would boldly confront the danger-he who woulId stand his ground and let the 1st of January pass as if it we're the least remarkable day of the year, would deserve well of society at large. The example of such heroism would attract others, and a few bold hearts have only to enter on this passive resistance to an imposition which would gradually be forgottert as the Goddess Strenua herself now is; adl 6en4aes would soon become as obsolete as the a ies de pigeon of other times. The last day of thle year 1855 sank in cloud and mist. The first of the new year rises in a mild and genial sky; and the sun, which had been hidden from our gaze for many days, again shone out in this busy city. Let us hope it is an omen of success for the important work we shall soon be ca1led upon to do. Another year has pased rapidly away. It was but a minute fraction of that portioni of eternity calld time, yet in it were crowded events as ir. portant as anyin thehistoryoftheworld. Ithas gone for ever, like the tide which M=rza beheld rolling through the broad valley which stretched out beforehimashestoodincontemplationonthehighhins of Bagdad. The tide still flows on as then, insuing from thick mists at one end, and disappearing amid impenetrable clouds at the other. Tlht year was mirked by events whose consequence uo miniId can foresee or conjecture. It has seen the man whosepower hung for years over Europe lke the sword over the head of Damocles, and whose name spread terror among the weak and even awed the powerful, struck down in the fulness of his pride with a sud. denness that was appalling. It has seen the stronghold which was at once the defence -of his vas doniinions and the instrument of his-future con. quests, which was at once his boast, his pride, and his defiance, and whose capture by a foe seemed not to be within the range of probabilities, levelled to the dust. When that year began we had as yet hardly recovered from amazement at the hardihood which decided the invasion of the Crinea; -we had so long slumbered in peace that we never thouglt our wakdngwouldbeamidthe din ofwar-andof awar withjRusa. Butnottheleastwonderfutlof the clanges it wituesed -was the extiiiction of- the old enmity between' the Saxon and the: Gaul. It' has seen a Sovereign of England make a tijumphalr entry il the capital of her old enemy, and welcomed by the acclamations of a multitude, -among whom might have been thousandswho took part in the last battle '*hich it is to be hoped will ever be fought between two such people; and it hia seen the aiival of another 3Ionarch whose arms are united with our own in the same noble cause, and whose flag. is the em. blem of religious and political freedom at home, and perhaps the precursor of the unity aid indepen, deneeof anotherfairportion of Ertroyc. Great an these eventa were, they will -probably be SrcPrba by those that are yet to come. The lessn we have given in the East has to be~ repeated in the Iori, - and tke ustions loug sunk in ktharWY msug ytt i
GENEBRAL CODRINGTOYS DESPATCHES. I (From TUZs0& GSa.cte.) WAR DEPARTMENT, DEC. 31, 1855. Lord Pannure has received a despatch aid its enclosure, of which the following are copies; addressed to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, KLa.B. - - - SEBASTOPOL, Dac. 15, 1855. M1y Lord,-In forw.urding to your Lordship the weekly report from Dr. Hall, the principal medical officer, to tho 10th inst., it is gratifying to meto be able to remark that the general xtate of health of this army continues good. I have, &c., W. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. The Lord Panmure, dc. (Enclokure.) Head-quarters, Camp, Crimea, Dec. 10,1855. Sir,-I have the honour to report the weekdy state of sick to the 8th inst. The army continues healthy, and there is little variation in the number of admisuion%, and -only one in the numnber of deaths this week, as compared with that of the preceding one. The weather has been wet and stormy, which has occasioned some little variation in the admissions under the different heads of disease. Dysentry and rheumatism, for instance, have incrcased; but the' following abstract vill show how nearly the other classes of disease assimilafe to those of the previous week:- - This Weck last Week .AdmitteL. Dyied AdmMiteL Died. iFevers ...... .. . : ... 194 9 196 19 Pulmonic ... ... 177 4 172 2 Diarrhoea ... .. 167 6 173 4 Cholera ... ... ... 7 fi 9 4 Dysentery ... ... 48 2 29 1 Rheumatism . .. 5 0 . 5 0 Wounds and injuries 45 7 43 4 Opthalmia- , ... ... 41 0 31 0 Other diseases ... ... 349 4 350 3 Total . ... 1,093 38 1,059 37 The total umwber of deaths, though only one more than last week, shows, some variety in its distribution-c. g., the mortality under,the beadof " fever" has decreased one-half, whlile that of pulmonic complaints and dysentery has been donbled, and that of diarrhTea and cholera increased onethird. Some accidents in the dockyarl have occasioned an increase under the head of !' wounds and injuries;" and among the deaths is a curious case of a man in the Artillery, who received an accidental pistol-shot over the left eye on the 2d of November. The wound healed kindly, and he had not a single untoward symptom until the 30th, when coma came on, which increased until the 2d of December, when he died, and on examiniing his body after death tho bali was found lodged at the base of the brain, where it had produced an abscess, which proved fatal. This is the only cawsalty which occurred in the Royal Artillery during the week. No casualty occurred in the cavalry. Five deaths took place in the First Division: one from consumption, one from fever, one from cholera (on tho twelfth day of the disease), one from water on the chest, and one from inflanumation on the lungs. inthe Highland Division six casualtics have occurred this week, which is a considerable increase oll the mortality of the division, which has bean remarkably small for the last three months. One man died of common continued fever, one of delirium tremens, complicated with inflamnation of the longs, one of consumption, one of dysentery, two of cholera in the 92d. No other cases of cholera had occurred in the regiment for three days prior to the closing of the weekly state; it is therefore to be hoped the dise.-se w.-lU not extend. Ini the Second Division a case of diaTrhcea in a scrofislouis boy proved fatal, and in the 892d Regiment, at Balaklava, which is attached to this division, a case of cholera, and one of fever died. The 82d continues to have a heavy sick list, but the number of casualties has not been very great. In the Third Division only two casualties occurred; one from epileptic fits, and the other the result of a recent severe gunshot wound in the thigh: diseases of the eye have decreased from 26to 16 in this division. In the Fourth Division two casualties occurred; one from fever, and the other from cholera. Iu the Light Division three deaths occurred; one from cholera, one from chest affection, and ( ne from dysentery. The Land Transport Corps has, aR. usual, had a heavier sick list than any of the divisions of the armjy, and has lost more men; five have died of fever,-five of disrrhoea, and one of injuries received. Ophthalmia has decreased during the week; the apparent increase of a(dmissions arises fromn the transfer of cases from regimental to general hospitals. The disease does not appear to be of a contagious nature, but seems to be owing chiefly to atmospheric caLses. I have, kc., J. AIL, Inspector-General of lIospitaLs. General Sir W. J. Codrington, K.C.B. Commanding-in-Chief. " 20 vere transfers from regimental to general hospitals.
COURT CIRCULAR. WINI)SOR, Tj,t. 1. His Royal Highness the Diike of Cambridge (attendedl by Colonel TyVrwhitt) and the Duke of Newcastle arrived yesterday afternoon on a visit to Her Majesty. The dinner partV included lerRoyal Hghness the Duchess of Kent, her Rtoyali Highnes the Princess Royal, his Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, his Serene Highnes Prince Ernest of Leininagen, his Serene Highness Prince Edward of Saxe Weimnar, the Duke of Newcastle, Lady Fanny Howard, the Baroness de Spaeth, the Ron. 3ary Seymour, Sir George Couper, mr. ,an LadyFrances aillie, and Colonel Tyrwhitt. The band of the Grenadier Guards played during dinner. After dinner Her Majesty had an evening party, to which the following had the honour of being invited :-Lady Caroline Barntn, Colonel the Hon. C. B., Mrs., and two Mise Phpa aptain Sayer (23 Rtoyal Welsh Fusileers), Mrs. and MisBathurst, Miss Knollys~, Mfajor-General the Hon. C. andI 3Ms Grey, Miiss Clive, Colonel the Hon. N. and Lady May Hood, Miss Hill, Colonel and Lay Emily Seymur,Lad, Mss,andMr.Couer,and M1r. Gibbs. The Queen's prfivastXe-bnandfarttenoded. adMr ibs Thisbeig Ne Yer's-ay,the andof the 2c lf Guhids bsemngbledon Ythfe dEast Terrace at 7 o'clock this Iorning and perfom ed a selection of favourite airs. Her Vajesty's anonumal distribution of food and clothing to upwads o 600poorpersns o theWindor and Clewer opahestook p lace thismorningo in the Riding-house of the Casle.Th (,uee ad Pine, ccopaiedbythe whole of the Royal fam3ily, the Dukce ofCacambridge,p Prine Ernles ofLteiVning1en, 1hand I the luk ofNecstle,attendedrby the Ladiestands GeTleen pof thepHousehold, priceeded toretae EmeEr este 8eve oter onsOr aco l#i c )t8Whlpe' wG thet dnghoueat a-quarter before 10 o ttnesthe distibuion,whih ws arangd uder tedirection of the Hon. and Very Rev,sthe Dean of Windsor, the clergy of WindsorndViewer, and thendihsrict visitors for the relief of the poor. The members of the clothing club established under ter orasesty'spatronage received at the same time articles of clothing according to the amount of their contaibutions, with the addition provided by Her Majstr In the evening Mehul's sacred drama oc7 was performed in St. George's-hall by an orchestra of nearly '40 exeoutants. The persons represented musically were as follows- Zenjain youngest son of JacDob.. ..Madame C'ras Woreflo. Jaeob~ his father.Mr. Weiss. Simson . (3 Censon. b Reuben m.)oms of Jacob oemSnt5aaphtall SIR-Wfbye Cooper. Utobal, an Egyptian . M.Thomas. Seven other eoms of Jacob (semni-cbomsl Shmrpe, Frost, Beale,andSsmytb- Isaetes and an coms). p r ae seThebandcompinsed W erMijestysprivoeeanennePine a6 seection from ithe prnia performers of the P1hillharmonic Society and the Royal Italian Opera. Tecou-72 in number-were selected from the oa Italian Opera and the Sacred HEarnonie Society,Extr halL The performance was conducted by Mr. Anderson, tne director of Her Majesys private band; 3rr W. G. Cusu~ Organli'st of Her Majestys -private chapel, presiding at the or.tbis occasi-on a niew- English version, with recitatives to eonnect the'various scenes and:renderthe 'whole available -as an oratorio, -was wxitten expressly for Her Majety -b Mr W. Bartholomew' - h nuisic of the recitatives 'beingg composed by Mr. W'. -G. Cusinhm Lorddo abb andColnelhe His.N. oodhave succeedd Lrd amos ad IAuteantGenyoJSirFrederick LordChalesFiti~o an CoO~1Seymour hive succeeed ordAlredPagt nd aptintheHon D. do Rns
Ta ECRE oF E mtON Seprn t Kinglake, -the leaned Recorder of Exeter, in an able chare to the grand juryat the Exeter Quarter Sessions, 'held on ~oiiday, made the following obser-vations on the hwer " The closing t,ear has been avery eventful one, not nl in theehiOry of this coontry, but probably in the his. toryof hevrld t lrge Weare- now engaged in a great and mighty war, andI think !it is ., mlatter of congratua tion to you and todlpers,ons that, while greatsicrificeshave been callede forth, e ^tha eve'oxn these hapgpy shores enjoyed ,the bleesings of ranqunilt~y, while greatdiresses havebeen gndured elsewhere. As far as I have xea and -can undeshnd,our roserity is undiinished, our energies are untog;.an ine do, aindanie erhaps, exibit to the world the bright exaple tShat in this- country th $enegaen of its pgpreat and idutlhe,rje°5idspeoplfe are awakened iimn.I cannot help thialting that this muist bc i matter of con tuation to youandtoaUd of ty !urn- in to the year tcorne,I believe it is probable that tome greot criss mnay be bronght about; but I trust ahe reut wiU1be one which can be hailed with pride and satisfaction t othis country* anday it be worthy6f the enorctlea fo whichour wms abroad are M present ccatgndmsm 1"
I IRE"LAND. - (FRoM oUR oW- corZsEoNzD!Nr.T) DUDILIN, TuESDAkY MORnNG. A PEACE rwoF0srrioN. In the Cork journals of: yesterday thero appears a notice from the Earl of Bandon, in accordance wift n requisition presented to him as ILord-TIi(Itenant of the county, convening a meeting of magigtratel to take into consideration the expediency of withdrawing the extra police force stationed in that quarter. Referring to this movement the Cort £xaminer pertinently remarks:- When those who xre directly appointed to preserve the pnblic peace, and wbo in theirpnvate fiationslhnve astrong interest in iiinquillity, and ire innmany cases influenced by excessive and unreRonable jealousies-when- theae come forward to demand an abatement of preventive ig, theic potition may eertainly be granted ath f h g trates are prone enough to suggest an increase of penal anl police estrictions- and, therefore, when theytake the oppo.ite conrse, and approve a relaxation; the case may be considered perfecly c er And tt it is such must be oh. vious to every one at present. There is not the leastfground' in the circamstances of the country at tlis timne, for the maiintenance of a large police force. Profound trAtmquilliti nrevafieveryw1a-ere,crimehasdilir nisbedt4oauunpre,edentedt Negree, and, in such a 6tate of affais, to lkeeap at large eQpense, an ray of idle terrors, such as this extra police force, is-both unjustifiable and insulting to the community." THE AM3MCAN -KAML S1IEAME AT QUEENSTOWN. The Cork EJxamincr of MIonday has the following statement " The Anerican iiail screw ste2mer Atlantic, Captain West, ar.-ived in the harbour this morning at 10 o'cloclc, and now lie, anchored nearly opposite lonkstown-reach. The Atlantic left Liverpool on Saturday at 10 oclock and had only been at sea a few hours when it was diseovered thatsomesIightderagentof,tbemachineryhadtakenplace, -which was shortly Iterwards soertained to have occurred in one of the cylinders. For the purpose of remedying thi6 defect, it was necessary that the fire should be extinguished. and Captain West at once decided on bearing up4for Coik harbour. ImmediaStelyon herarrival meaurEs were taken to relnove the defect referred to, and it is expected that sle will ereay to sail to-morrow. In comngin this morning owing to the extraordinary number of vesselswhic'estretth across the harbour, the Atlantic came in collision with a ship called the Ellen of Sunderlaud, laden with *heat, and carried aiythe rater portion of the stern of the latter; but Captain West immediately ordered the necessary repairs to be made on his responsibility. With considerable foresight, at this peculiarly uncertain and seorniv .eason, the commander of the Atlantic ordered asi additional supply of coals, which, together vith the other arraigqiuents nece5sary, have been carried out rnader the direction of MessIs. Scott and Co., the agents -for Collins's line of TransatLantic steamers at Queenstown. Owinig to the severity of the weather, on entering the harbour the Atlantic dragged her anchors, and had to steam up nearly as far as Monk town, which, with the very large number of vessels that at present occupy the harbour, was a feat requirmg 'he most skilful management. The Atlantic had 60 firsclass passengers on board, and is freighted with a general cargo." The samne journal says "For sonme years past there hbve not been so uany ships assembled in Quecnstown harbour as at the pr6en,t tine. The wind has been blowing almost a galc during last night and to-day, and at present there ceems little pro.4pect of the severity of the weather abating. Sliips are running in every houtr for shelter to this harbour, where they find safe anchorage and complete prrtection. There are at the present monsentnpwards of 200 ships of all sizes, -a considerable portion of which are vessels of large tonnage, lying oppossto Quesnatown, awaiting orders; and further up, i the Monkatown reach, a fleet of smaller vessels, generally colliers, are anchored windhound." IRISH RILAWAYS. In the course of a long review upon the leading events of the year just closed, the Bedfiast Jiercsstry thus touches upon the contrast between English anid ish railway property:- "a hi the yeaer' history of the working of the rail Ireland has no reason for complaint. While the holders of stock in English lines find their dividends decicasing and the value of shares gradually assunilng a snaller figue in current quotations, the iron way in the land of the shamrock exhibits all the features of healihy action and all the indications of prospective advancement. Our weekly notices of returns sho.w a satisfactory increase in reocipts; the districts through wlhicla the chief lines are worked have been vastly improved bys the cheap and readX mode of transit, and the shareholders are pretty welloff asregardsprofitson tleirseveral investments. Now, let us take the divildends paid onlhalf-a-dozen English lines and on the same number of underiakings in this country *-North-Western, 4A - Midlaid, 31 ; South-Wester, 42; Great Western, 2; Eastern Counties, 2A; Bristol and Birmingham, 33 per cent. The last dividends oFthe follow. ing Irish lines stand thus --Kingstown, 10 ;-U1ster, 5; Ballymena, 5; lifdland, 5; Great Souhern, 5; Droghe(a, 4lper cent. The extension of the line of railway from Beifast to Londonderry, to which we have frequently alluded, must prove highly valuable, to all the intermediate districts of country farmers and traders, merchants and manufacturers, and in e-pau ratio tle ow.ners of the soil wlVl rap their several advantages from the widened system of transit. The successful working of the rail in Ireland has solved one great problem as to the latent resources of the country We were prepared to hear of matis. factory progress in the north, where manufacturing opera.- tions create lrge demand for public conveyance, but it certaiulyis astonishing to find that in the western districts reinarkablesuocesshas foUowed the locomotive. Ten years agowbho could have thoughtthe time so close at hand when a line of railway from the Irish metropolis to the 'Citie of the Tribes! would give its shareholders a rate of dividend exceeding that paid by the London and North-We.tern eI All this is to a great extent perfectly true; but, in noticing the great increase this season in the traffic of the leading Irish lines, it must not be forgotten that a deal of it is due (tell it not in Manchester) to the war. The transmission by rail of the various militia regiments during the last three or four months would easily account for thle vast iucrease in the weely receipts of two, at least, of the great trunks. RUNUNIscENCT.s OF RImsNDLSM. In the course of his speech to his constituents at and of the borough of Enniskillen, MIL. -Whiteside narrated the following particulars in connexion with the trial and conviction of the Eastwood conspirators:- " When a law officer of the Crown, I had to prosecute for a conspiracy to marder Mr. Eastwood at Dundarkl The informer was a weU-paid railvay iahbourer-ihandrnan, of course; he never ad cause of quariel with the intended victim-in fact, had never spoken to hin, but was acquainted with his person. Three shtangers-Ribandmen of approved villany-were hired to kfil Mr. Eastwood. :ot knowig the person of the vctiin, and not wishing to kill the wrong man, as that might invove tie necessity of a double murder, they applied to the railway labourer to point out Mr. Eastwood. Ha did so without remorse and pursued his daily labour-with a light heart, while the other conspirators proceeded with the work of murder. Mr. Eastwood survived the bloodyassault, and still lives He described in my hearing the particulars of the cowardly and ferocious attack made ao him within a short distance of his happy home; and wen the assassins were ordered for execution he made a strong appeal (though in vain) to the judge to spare their lives, thst they might repent. An incident occurred during this trial vrorthy of mentioia. A decent washerwoman, whose cottage was near the scene of the intended murder, and who identifiedi the prisoners, was a princnpal witness. She was cross-examined for theprisoners, and asked, had she not before the magistrates first Kelared and afterwards sworn that she did not know the prisoners? She admitted she had done sq. She then explainedhowsheecameto giveherevidaence as she had givenit. She swore that, having gone to confession in order to obtain the rites of her church, the priest, horror-strack at her disclosures, refused to administerthe consolations of herreligien ;mless she first went before a magistrate Dnd discloso truly ill sie knew. She swvore in consequence she did as, and she was by the 3ury believed. The name qf the gocd prest did not tranpire, hut we wouldall agree that he performed hsduty to hs conscience, to thie lawrs of man, and to the law of God."- TME FUNDS. Three per Consols (shut), 88 ; ditto, for account, Janna:ry 8, 82; New Three per Cent. Stock, 8S&J 1-6 88 - ditto, for account, January 8, 884; -dining Coiajsny of Ireland (7!. paid), I3f. Railways-Dublin and Wicidow (10(. paid), 5j; Great Southern and WFestern (5OL paid), 5ilj., Great fhiuthern and Wetr,Eihh,per cent. Preierence (67. os. paid}, 7A -tesf onth-asndgl2!paid)~ 5He, ditto, for account 5A,1 aefr and Ellkenny (0 paid), 3j; Ni1arney Juniction (10Oh paid), S; Waterfoid and Imn~ck (o0OL paid) 22A.
MB. BOWYER AN)) THE MADIA. TO THE EDITOR OBF THET TES. sir,-Mfr. Boivyer wi11 nd that he has iillen into error im seting the case of the Madiai. Ie says Tliey iere prosecuted for holding unlavful meetings.r Tis is nsot so. I have the act of accmsation before me, inthe original Itlian, by which it appemas that they were accused of i*npiety, an I that the acts of impiety consisted in malJiig proselytes tb the Protestant faith by teaching -and by the dirffusion cf .ok3s and printed papers, "tothe injuiy and to the same of the Catholic religion dominant in Tusany." Hle -ayE, also, that apersonindictedcwith them was aitted "o21 the ground that he had only read his Bible in private, antd -had not taken part in the unlawful meetings in the house of the NfidiaL" It appsars,Jhowever, by the sAu2wawt of accusation, that Casacci, tho person referred to, airs chargal with an atteipt, which 1d failed, to convert hih son; and it will be - foind that the mnain ground of hi c ttal was hisfllure'of mccte . '. - -. . TheCourtVit istrae, reflected ori:the faeetngs held at the house of the Madiai; batprozwdytism was the offenco charged and2 puni,shedl ia.'he case of the 2d;adij and no-t punished, because not successfnl, .ithe case of Casci. 3fr. Bowyer 1sil'l find all1dthe printed adc iments toonnecteEI with thlis mzarkable trial in the librasy of Iiiiboln's-ian; and,' afer a caiful perusal of th.er,I entei little doubt he will ar2rive at the saume conclusion as I have done, tha the offen<e chaged was a religioas2 offence; - .tthe law e.t Tuany was rmostsbamnefully Demeted, an perverted f2romt motives o reE giou bigotry; -andt£hatif justice bad beus done' according to law the. Madiaii would have beui aquittet2& I am, Sifr, your obedient sevnt, : A. .W1NL;tL.j
FOR1BIGN INTELLIGENOE. lA potionof the following appeared ia our second cdition af tNrd-wl-1 R-USSIA. TE PEACE NEGOTIATIONS. Tho AKoti, of Brtssels, publishes the following kWegraphic despatch, dated Berlin, Sunday evening, Bec. 30.- " A circular emanating from the Imperial Chanaery of St. Petersburg, dated the 10th (22d) of Decemnber, announces that the Emperor consents to tlhe third point of the guaranteec formulated at the Vienna Conferences, regulated in tho followving mnanner - " 1. The principle of the closing of the Straits is to be maintained. "1 2. No flag of war shall be admitted into the Black Sea, except that of the naval forces which Rusais and Turkey may tliink it advisable to maintain there by common agreement. " 3. The amount of these forces will be fixed by a diroct agreement between Russia and Turkey with*utt the ostensible participation of the other Powers. " The news, of an armistice is false." THE EAST. (BY 8UZARLsM AND sBrITaf rTnLMRAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic deaatch from our Marseilles correspondent - "MARSEILLES, TUESD.%Y, JAN. 1, 183, 9 10 A.a. "c Tho Indus has arrved, wtith advices from Contadntinople of the 24th and from the Crimea of the 2"Id of Dcetmber. "Demptcheg leave at 9 a.m. cTxe English steamer V ulcan, whiclh left the Cinies on the 15th of December, hws arrived, with CO soldiers on board."
IMANUV.. (FROM otU o'&- vOspnmihR A P'ARTI, WOND,Y, DEC. 31, 6 r.Nr. A degree of inmportance far beyond what it is cntitled to has been, and probably still is, given in certain political circles to the interview between the Emnperor Napoleon and Af. de Seebach previous to the departure of the latter for Dresden and St. Petersburg. The incident was greatly exaggerated, and proportions were given to it which, if true, could not fail to be of a serious character. 'Whe party spirit which grasps at everything, oweover trifling, that would excite suspicion of each othiers fidelity in the great cause France and England are engaged in is not yet laid, and the nischievous, or the idle, have ewdeavoured to turn to account the incidents I allude to. I notice the matter, as it is not improbable it may be made use of by such of the foreign papers as are in the interest or pay of Russia. It has been stated that M. ,de Seceach had an interview of more than an houir -with the Emperor on the day previous to his departure from Paris; that the Emperor requested him to inform lff. de Nesselrode that he (the Emperor) was far from desirous of continuing the war; that ho most earuestly wished for peace; that, in fact, he had no other alternative, as he was imable to carry on the war any longer; thlat the resources of France were well-nigh exhausted; that the conditions proposed by Austria and adopted by Entuce and England would, he hoped, be sccepted by Russia; but that, if the Czar rejected them on the ground of excessive rigour, iie prayed him to assure H-is Majesty that they did not contain the " Last word' of the English. And French Governments; or if they did contain the last word of the former, they did not of the latter! This, it was aflirmed on the aathority of persons of gmvo clharacter and of distinguished position, was tho curious message sent by the Emperor of the French to the common enemy of France and England. The inference wlhich was intended to be drawn fromn this version was, of course, that the :Frencl Government was playing false to its ally, that the Emperor was willing to make a separate peace for his own advantage on any conditions the 'Czar might deign to grant; and to this act of treachery was added the baseness of siring as a suppliant for wvhat he mnay demand as a conqueror. It is hardly necessary to give a contradiction to sucli a fabrication. I am, however, enabled not only to do so in the most positive manner, to declare that there is not a word of truth in it, but also to relate -what really passed on the occasion. M. de Seebacl, as you are already aware, is the Saxon MIinister at this Court. He is also the son-in-law of MI. de Nesselrode. After the recal of M. Misseleff, theRussian Ambassador, A.. de Seebach Was naturally intrusted witlh the protection of slich of the Russian subjects as continued to reside in this country, to arrangge al matters connected with the exchange of prisoners, and, finally, with any extraofficial communications that it might be necessary to make. His visit to Dresden w-as, I believe, chliefy, if not entirely, on private affairs; but, going so far, ice thought it probable that his joulrney would extend as far as St. Petersburg. His audience on taking leave was of the usual formal kmid ; there 'was no mystery about it; it did not take place on the morning before his deparhu'e from Paris, but two or three. days before; and it did not last two hours, or even one hoiir, but from 12 to 15 minutes. The Emperor did not supplicate lihim to induce AL de Nesseirode or his master to consent to peace on any conditions he may think proper, nor did he say, speaking of those conditions, e Cc *est pas notre demier mot ; m6t snoins, ce n'est Ik mien." What he did say was, I suspect, in substance this :-that he was not opposed to peace; tha&he had no inordinate love of war; that he was sincerely desirous that Russia should accept the propositions agreed on by the alies; but that, if she rejected them, the war would be carried on by England and France with renewed vigour, with re-sowed determination to persevere tothe end, and, in fact, that it would be a war a oefranc?e. And all this the Emperor said in less timne thlani I have taLken in writing it. It was under these impressions that M de Seebach left for St. Petersburg. I hiave already alluded to the visit of M. de Persigny to Paris, and expressed my conviction that it was not occasioned by any political or Ministerial crisis. It was ramoured that the Cabinet was in a atate ofdislocation, that the Emperor decidedly supported the party called the parti de la pa1Xi A totit prix, iadtthat M. de Persigny came over half be-nIldered to exercise his influence over the Imperial mniti4. It was added that a long and animated dis-iaSion tDok place between M. de Peraigny and Al. -do Walewik, the former being for continruing the 'war, the latter for ending it, and that the Emperor, 3whowaspresent, decided infavourof 3M deWalewsl$. '%ere-is a3 little truth in this story as in the other. 2M. d- Persigny came over to Parisbn some private anine rhich requiredh his presence for 24 aous He, of course, had an audience. of tic Snperor, sand I haave no doubt the converaatio,q turmed on the subject which occupies every -6di66..ention; but there was no discussion with :X. de Walewasi, or with any ono else, and conse<1uentrY the maperor had no occasion to intervene.: .ere was no Ministerial crisi ; and if the iti'inece of 1Mi. delPeraigny be necea-r to .direct thQ EmVero'antind, nothing could be easier than t hae Lint in Pari& altogether, and to malke him change TVces with the preent Minister for Foreign Affairs. V In previOus letters I alluded to a certainf dfference flatecxie for some time between the two Goveri- maenta on some point connected vrith the c6ntionson wlriei thhy- would make peawe wiMh Rus4ij. -hTat difference, I also announced, h.ad disappeared, and complete accord nowr exists, and has existed betweea thein for some time. I cannot but think th' at that ' difference lasted too long., that muct valuable time a was lost thereby, and that if thIe propositions had been despatehed from Vienna on the 1st of No- I vember, istead of the 16th of December, as I believe they might. have beon, there was a great chance of success. To whom the blame ought to be attached I do not say, but this I know that whatever be thea divergence of opinion on points of minor imnportance, there is nono on tho great question of accepting no peace unwortly of the two nations, and of carrying on the war until that great object be attained. This state of affairs I noticed in my letter of yesterday, and I have reason to believe it exact, and the harangue of the Emperor to the troops'on the Place de la Bastillo the day before yesterday wiU sufficiently indicate what his intentions are. The triumphal march of those gallant soldiers through the centre of Paris, and the thrilling shouts that hailed their appearance, show that it doers not want many exhibitions of the kind to rouse the dormant enthusiasm of all classes of tho French people. 'Letters have been recoived from Jermsalenm to, the 10th. They state that tho Afarquis de ForbinJanson, wvho was sent somiie time ago to that city by the French Government, for the purpose of inqui:,ing into the encroachments made at different times by the Greeks.upon the Holy Places belonging t6 the Latins, has at le'ngth accomplished his mission, and is now on 'nis way back to France. Among the Holy Places in question is the. great chturch of St. Mar-y, at Bethlehem, the nave and four 'aisles of which, exclusive of the choir, have become akindof bazaar, often frequented, it would seem, by tlle rising generation of the abovementioned town as a capital playground; in the evening the women assemble there to enjoy the coolness of the place, and the Bedouins of the neighbourhood make it their council-room, whore they adjust differences among themselves. TlBe choir is in the hands of the Greeks and Armenians, who celebrate their worship there, and nothing is left to the Roman Catholics but a small chapl, vwhich cannot contain one-fourtli of the Latin population. The othersanctuaries the restitution of wlhich is claimed by the Latins are-the great dome of the rotunda of the Holy Septulchre, the monumnent and small cupol: enclosing the tomb of Jesus Christ, the stone of the unction at the foot of Golgotha, the seven arches of the Virgin behind the Magdalen Chapel, the church of the Sepulchre of the Virgin at Gethseimane, and the birthplace of our Saviour, in the crypt, under the choir of the churchl of Bethlehem. D)uing his stay at Jerusalem the Marquiis de Forbin-Janson was decorated witlh the Order of the Holy Sepulchre by the Iatin Patriarch, who is the Grand Afaster of that Order. The following private telegraphic despatches have been received:- " MAnsEILLE, Dec. 30.-According to accounts from Constantinople of the 20th, Sir Edmund Lyons, just pro. moted to the rank of Admiral, is to proceed to France, to bo present at the councils of war which will bo held in Paris. He leaves the fleet in the temporary commnand of Admiral Fremantle. The squadron of Admiral Stewart, whichnwas at Sniyrna, left on the 16th for Athens. The Journal de Constanztinople, which gives accounts from Oniar Pasha to the 5th, states that at that date the Turkish army was encamped beyond the river Siva and was prevented from advancing in consequenee of tho river having overflowed its banks. According to that journal, the army of Erzeroum will be increased to 35,000 men!' "XM5SELLES, Dec. 30, Evening.-Accounts from Alexandria of the22dstate that the Pasha of Egypt, being convinced of the sufficiency of the. harvest, has re-established the freedom of the export of corn. A decree to that effect had been signed. The commission for cutting through the Isthasusof Suez has returned from Upper Egypt. It will have terminated its inspection by the end of the month, and aMl the results obtained up to thepresent time are stated to be satisfactory. Advices from M3alta of the 21st state that General Scarlett, who commands the English cavalry, has touched at that island, on his way to England. It is thouiht that hewillba present at the counciLs of war lvhich are to be held by the allied Powers. Mrakli Pasha, who has been sent by the Sultan to Erzerotum, is a European named Sturza." The Constitutionnel publishes the following:- " KXmosnISao, Dec. 29.-The rumours of approaching peace have been received with great joy by the popnI4tio4 of St. Petersburg. A good understanding has certainly been re-est.ablished, as stated, between the Emperor and the Grand Duke Constantine." " BERLLN, DcC. 29.-Colonel de Iranteuffel, who appears to wait here for the orders of the King, is, it is said, to proceed to Vienna with the reply of IHis hajesty to the letter of the Emperor. It is thought that Prussia, vithont adopting the Austrian propositions, wVill do something at St. Petersburg in the view of peace." " BDxna, Dee. 30.-A telegraphic despatch has just arrived here announcing that Count Esterhazy reached St. Petersburg on the 26th, and that the next day he communica'ed to Count de Xesselrode the object of his mission. Colonel de 3tanteuffel has set offto-day for Dresden, whence he will proceed to Vienna." " HAr1'XUneG, Dec. 30.-In consequence of the Royal decree which has taken-from the jury tlhe cognizance of political crimes and misdemeanours in Hanover, affairs of that kind -ill, be tried by a special section of the Court of A}ppeal." " SocTnor.sr, Dec. 30.-A Royal decree h.s just autho. rized the entrance of foreign iron into Sweden, as well as woven goods and ready-made articles of cIothing. Swedish iron is declared free of duty on exportation." "MaeInsM, Dee. 29.-The Parliamentary committee which had been charged to dravw up tho report on the bill relative to the establishment of a General Credit Society in Spain is favourable to that measure, and it is very probable that the bill will be approved by the Cortes. Marshal O'Donnell continues to improve in health." The splendid English steamer Elropean and the Almelian clipper Ocean Herald arrived at Marseilles on the 29th, bringing back from the Crimea the 39th Regiment of the Line. This regiment, which was to have figured at the triumphant entry of the Crimean troops in Paris, formied part of the Thira Division, commnanded by General Forcy. At the battle of the Alma the 39tlh, belonging to the eorps of reserve, 'wasnot engaged, but it bravely fought at Inkermain, where it protected the retreat of the Second Brigade, comnmanded by Generalde nrAel, which had pursued the enemy to the very ramparts of SebastopoL In the treniches, in the night engagements, as well as at the unsuccessful attempt of the 18th of June, and, finally, on the 8th of September, the 39th Regiment distinguished itself, and suffered severely. To-ay, at 2 o'clock, the' baifds and drummers of the National Guard of Paris, and of the different' reg;iments 'of the garrison, assembled in the'court of the Tiileries, and serenaded theirMajesties oui the occasion of the new year. The Emperor and' Empress, having appeared at the balcony 'of the Pavillon de rHorloge, were loudly I ch'eered. The Mon ietcur says "It was by order of the Emperor that eeral Canrobert on Saturday pLaed himsdf at the head of the division of infantry of the Line which had ,ome froRethe Cmeea." A series of Iperial decrees 3nak'the f6llowingry promotions in the Legionof .Honour :-To- the dig- nity of Gad Cross- ibbatucci Minit of Justice; J. Troplong, Pr*ident. of the Senate; and ( enet Ithuke: d Saint Simon, Senator. To that o5fGiaid eMlanlti linister of the Interior , M. Fortoul, Ainisber o Public hstr,uc- tion and Worship; N.L touher, nister of om-merc, Agriculture, and Pubi c Works;-'the Duke de Bassano,'ra-d Uhaiiiberlaiij; the. uke de. Cma s,.Grand Nitr: 1>f: ..h 1 eremo nies- -ad Reir-Adiral Guillomi? 'h r of the Cabinet . (Jii. ,pr iJ -;t of - -the Minister of latine.- To-hit oE Coinmnander-M. Sl~ocquart,'Serety of thke linp.eror, 'nd Cuernt do Siewrerkena 'rDi retor-eneral of tho I mei,il Muscuans; arid'OfficersPrncehi4iLucien Boia parie, Count' 'de:Cau,mont L Foree, Senator; M. Dariste, Senator; M2VX.illefroy, Councillo,rdf State; andC6imlt Bsociooh4t,g Chambelain,-.Also, M. de Bussiere, Councillor of State, Baron de Varaigne and Baron de AMontbrun, prefects of the palaceo, are nominated Knights of the same Order. By other decrees Md. Pretot, Director of Naval Constructions atTLorient; M. Pajeotides Noutibres, CommnissarytGeneral of the Marine, 1st class; Captain Lo GuiUouP6nanros, of theAlceete, andCaptainChopart,of the Stif-en gunnery vessel, have been promoted to the rank of Commander; 12 other persons to that of Officer ; and 80 others have been nominated Knights in the same Order. A supplemental credit of 1,700,000f. has just been opened to the Minister of the Interior on the estimates of 18555, for the expenses consequent on the detention and removal of prisoners. An extraordinary credit of 350,000f. has also been opened to tho Minister of Agriculturo and Commeree,-first for the expenses and researches niade relative to a supply of corn and forage in the Danubian Provinces; and, next, for works for improving the roads between those provinces and the coast of the Black Sea. The Minister of War, in execution of the law of the 26th of April, 1855, has just decided that tho sum wlhich soldiors now serving in the army shall pay in order to obtain thoir discharge shall be 500f. for eaclh year they are stillliable to serve. In a circular to the military authorities announcing this decision the Minister reminds themn that the law in question does not give soldiors tho absolute right of demanding their discharge on pymnent of that sum, but leaves their chiofs to decide whether it shall be granted or not. Tho approach of the now year imparted a considerable degree of activity eo commercial transactions during the week. The petty dealers, who had been prevented, in consequence of the entry of tho Crimean troops, from erecting their wooden sheds on tho Boulevard s before Christmas, lost no time in setting them in place aftor the passage of the Imperial Guard; and in the evening of Saturday both sides of the Boulevards, from tho Bastille to tho Madeleine, were completely lined with them. To compensate theni for the delay they are to be allowed another week's salo in January, wvhich will enable them to dispose of those thousand articles of Etremnes which conlstitutO so important a branch of Parisian industry. Tho intelligence from the manufacturing districts is satisfactory. Numerous commission-agents have of late visited Rouen and Mulhouse, and made considorable purchases. At Lyons, in tho DrOmd, and in the Ardiche silkts have advanced 3f. or 4f. per kilogramme during the last fortnight-a circnnistance which induced the agents to issue their orders wvithout further delay, lest the price of the goods should experienco an additional increase. Vrery little business was transacted during the week in the Paris corn-market, althouigh rates were considerably lower than in tho beginning of the month. Farmers still resist that downward tendency, and it is only when the affluence of foreign grain conviiices them that their expectations of higler prices in spring are infoumded that they will consent to abato their pretensions. The arrivals at Havre from Arnerica amounted within a few days to 117,352 sacks of wheat, 8,000 of Indian corn, and 906,59 barrels of flour; and eight vessels siDmilarly laden have not yet landed their cargoes. The price of flour in the Paris market varies from 100E. to 106f. per sack of 159 kilogranunes, aecording to quality. Sonle samples of American flour were exhibited, but the unreasonable prices asked prevented business being done. Good kinds, however, could be obtained at 92f. 75c. per 157 kilogrammes. The stock on the Halle continually tends to increase. It amounted on Saturday to 25,863 metrical quintals. The business transacted inwwheat is likowise very linited. Although tlhe fall on the last market-day did not exceed WOc., yet the 120 kilogranmmes- sold vwith difficulty at from 56f. to 56f. 50c., and the priue quality alone found buyers. The accolunts from the provincial markets, held on Saturday, state that they were abundantly supplied, and that prices consequently declined. There is no change in the cattle trade. The wine-market at Bercy is pretty active, but no diminution in rates is expected until the total disappearance of the disease, and the. cortainty of an abundant vintage is acquired. The Three per Cents. closed to day at 64f. 25c. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-half per Cents, at 91f. 75c.; and the New Loan at 651. 5e. Orleans Railway shares, 1,132f. 50c.; Great Northern, 895f.; Strnsburg, 887f. 50c.; ditto New shares, 750f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,145f.; Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,262f. 50c. ; Western of France, 755; Bordeaux and Cette, 700f.; Great Central of France, 582f. 50c.; Lyons -and Geneva, 692f. 5Oc.; Bank of Credit Mobilier, 1,360; Austrian railways, 730f. CoursAuthentique.-PuARis, Dec. 31.-Closinu, PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents., 81f. ; ditto, not re?mbursablo for 10 years, 91f. 50c. 60c. 75c. 92f.; ditto, first Loan of 1855(60 per cent, paid), 92f. ; ditto, second Loan of 1815 (30 percent. pd, 92f.; ditto, Certificates (30 per cent. paid), 92f. 92f. 25c.; Three per Cents., 64f. 60c. 40c. 35c. 30c., ditto, first LMan of 185o (60 per cent. paid), 64f. 40c. ditto, second Lan of 1853 (30 per cent. paid), 65f. 10c. ditto, Certificates (30 per cent. paid), 65f. 25o. 10c.; Bans Actions, 3,150f. ; Credit Foncier, obligations of 500f., Four per Cents., 415f.; Credit Mobilier, 1,350f. 1,352f. 50c. ,355f. 1,360f. * Piedmontese Five per Cents., 86f. 75c. ;ditto Three per Cents., 63f.; Arustrian Pive per Cents., 84; * elgian Foulr-and-a-Hal1f per Cents., 94S, Ronnans, 82; Spanisb Three per Cents., 40; di&tto Interior Debt, 35.1. Eschange on London, at sight, money, 25f. 2sc.; three months, money, 241. 80c. AUSTRIA. (EnOU OUlt OWN w oRnEsPo0NDENr.) - VIENNA, DEc. 28. In my letter of the 17th was the following passage "It will be seen that Prussia will play the part of gobetwoeei to the end of the chapter, and that, in due time, Count Arnim wi receive instructions from his Royal master to request Count Duol to give hima an account of what has taken place between Austria and her allies." Recent eveits have sho*m that my judgment was not uch at lault. Count George Esterhazy has conmunicated to the King of Prussia the propositionb which, on the 17th inst., were forwarded to St. Petersburg, and Colonel Manteuffelu His Majesty's confidential agent, has received instructions to communicate to this Court his Royal master's intentions. Colonel anteuffel is expected here today, and the diplomatic wvorld would fain persuade itself that 'he has been: instructed to inform Count Buol that the new conditions -of- peace are approved by the Prussian Cabinet. It was not likely that Pusia would openly express her disapproval of- the i conditions made but it will probably be seen that she will offer; Jo niake! concessions to Austria, if the latter Vill promise to endeavour to procure more favourable terms for Russia, It is here believed that Baron MIanteuffel, having taken alarm at the energy recently displayed by Bavaria and Saxony, considersitnecessaryto take a step in advance, in order that Prussia may not be completelyis6lated. We are :in- total ignolance of what is.doing in Saxony,. but it is evident Oat something unusual is goingon,as Baron Kcenneritz, the Saxon Minister at this Court,, has, in obedience to orders- received by electric telegraph, gone to Dresden.- During the last 10 days you have repeatedly been -toldfthat the diplomatic'relations Between .ussiaB* and Austria are not-likely.to be entirely suspended, and thePariascorrespoudents of the,Austrianrpapers now write in exactly the same sense. The following, extract, whi-h-- IN fiom the Vienna Presse, is particularly worthy of notice, assjits 4uthor had his information from an " authentic?' source: - .. The propositions forwarded, by Austria haTe _%ot the form of an utiWatum, and their rejection will not lead to a, diplomatic rup fue between ths St. .Peersburg and Austranian urts. Au hai& , kowever,' i!coaiiEnded the acccp, -Ace of tieternissowvte st iy.that their r`ejtion woulI makethe longersojourn of Count Esterhazy ati i-Pethrs-*.b-tiselezt,-:id hie-oulda therefore return toVienia, ind> leave his first secetaazytoieas1^ge the carzent bomesis. .The ' return of Count Esterha:y would-be_p very ngnificant de-mountrtion, but still it w6uld_not bea regulardiplomatic upiiri, as his Suite'would be lefi at itS post,. -It is doubSful whethmb iape Goztcl&akQX would - eM1euntEshrhay, as during the last few years Russian diplomitistsl6a've - shown,thatthey a anot tver:senhitime." I ; Austria a3.xras has taken half-measue,3 iu3idhi' is unequal to the exertion of laying aside a habit which hls often got her into serioits difficulties. In aristocratic circles itis relited that the Numcio, Cardinal Viale Preolk, is but -littl iuclined to exchange his residence at Vienna for the archiepiscopal palace at P.ologna, ana there is, perhaps, some truth in tlle report. M. Vialo Pre will, to use his' own words, renmain at his Post until his great 'work is cormipletcd; by which he.means thAt he will not quit Vionna unfl- the Imperial ordinances which are necessary to the realization of the: concordat have been publ. lished. Tlo assurance has been given me that the ordinances relativo to the futuire position of tho Pro. testants in Austria will be more liberal than was originally intended, "as Government had not tlhe most. distant idea that the concordat would lead to such a tremendous storm." The Archbishop of Olmutz has just excommunicated two peasants -i',t -displayed an inclination to join the Prote3tant church I It is a remarkable fact that tho conditions.i of the concordat have given far nmore offence to tlho Austrian Catholics than, to the PRotestants. As to the orthodox Greeks residing in Austria they laughI in their sleeves, as they wrell knolr whe7e'to seek a proteotor if they should require one. The eYatholicI hierarchy in Austria will *no nore dare to interfere with a member of the Russo-Greek Chlurchl than they will dare to take the Emperor of All the Russias by the beard. Cardinal Viale Prel; is said. to cherislh the hope that the Papal tiara may some day rest on his browv, but - he has no chanco whatever, as ho is - Corsicas by birth, and for a long series of years none but Italians have been elected, by tlhe Ronsan Conclave. There is such violent opposition to the proposed lawv for the abolition of the ancient guild-system, that it wUl hiardly lbo sanctioned by the Emperor until it has beeni modified. Almost all the Chismbers of Trade in the empire are against the nmeasure, but the great public sincerely hopes that Baron Bruck will remain firm. At present the tradespeople enjoy a- regtlar I ionopoly, which presses very heavily on the people. The negotiations betwreen Baron Bruck and the Credit and Conmnercial - Bank in referefice to the Italian railroads have already begun. The conmpany will not only have the Lombardo-Venetian, but aLso' the Central 'Italian Railroad. The news of the Tnuin papers that the Count de Chanbord has visited Queen Amnelie at Nervi is totally unfounded. The Cotult and Countess did not quit Frohsdorf for Venice until the 17th. Count Buol, Baron Bach, and Count Leo Thun have received permission from the Enmperor to wear the Grand Croas of the Pius Order, which they received from the Pope as a reward for the complaisance they displayed in the matter of the concordat. The following Constantinople ntevs of thee 17th reached this city last night, and the more important part of it was telegraphed:- "CONSTANTINOPLE, DEc. 17. "A violent shock of an earthquake was felt last night. Several vessels havo nm aground at the Sulina moeth. It rains continual'y in the Crimc , and four transports hlave been driven on shore. "Tho Egyptian division is stiU at Eupatoria. "Thio English cavalry division under General Searlett has been sent hero. "There is a hard frost in the Sea of A.zoffill "TREBIZONDE, DEC. It. "Omar Pasla has his hLcad-quarters at lRedont-Kaleh. "German and Italian offlcers offered their services to the Shah of Persia, but they wero declined. "Tlhe Hon. C. A. lurray, the British Minister at Te. 4eran, has hiauled down his flag, probably on account of an insult." "ATHENS, DEC. 21. "Ain export duty has been laid on coals." PRUSSIA. (FRuOe OUB OWNb COP.Rsro.NSDEST.) BERLIN, DEC. 30. It may probably arise from the political sentiznaiats and sympathies that obtain at the plaee from w hich I wvrite, that w hile very little SuIcess is expected from Count Esterhuazy's dinmardhes in St. Petersburg, much is expected from the endeavours of Baron von Seebach. The two missions are - represented not as belonging to and nmutually completing each other, bu t rather as rivals or competitors-the Esterhazy sceleme as drawn up by A-tstria mainly for lier own interests, but con-, sented to reluctantly by the allies, the Seebach scheme as resilting'from the sincere efforts of a man in the enjoyment of the confidence of both parties; the first is represented as having taken place in spite of the distrust -felt by the Western Powers for Austria, the latter to have resuzlted in consequvice. of the confidence placed in the more or less recornized representative of Russian feelings anid inltentions in Paris. It is understood that the terns, as drawn up by Baron von Seebach, and approved of in Paris, have met with the wamnest approbation of this Cotut; fiom the moderation: that is said to pervade theem much is hoped from thlem at the Court of Russia. As former letters of minie have already intimated to you, no proposals that Austria drawss up are likely to meet vith the concurreace of Prussia, least of all -when it is Ausshia that calls upon her to adopt her ideas and follow in her 'wake. The follov,ing extract of a private letter from St. Petersburg vill be fouind interesthig, althouigh not of the most recent date. The spirit in wlhich it is written is thoroughly Russian, annd it is evident that the writer is well-informed " For some time we wyere apprehensively anxious as to the result of the Cairobert mission to Stockholm; but since the text of the treaty that has been concluded has been published, and the tenour of the so-caUed secret articles has come to our knowleldge, we can easily understand how they have caused only smiles and shrugs in Swvedish circles. If that is the only bait that Napoleon has held out to King Oscar, that he gives him permission some of these days to bring forward the claims that he would fain make upon certain tracts of territory at present in the possession of Russia, and which might perhaps be conquered, wo cannot- bo astonished ;at the latter's hedging himself in with all manner of clauses and pro. visions; and very possibly the treaty, lvhich in all probability will never come into forco, was concluded only forthe purpose of getting rid of the diplonmaticnimportnuities of the Western Powem, and procuring quiet for the winter. How very little seriously Sweden (and of Norway there has not yet been any mention made) is thinking of a grave conflict with Russia is e idenced in her conduct and attituLde; stronger influences than English armadas and French mnissions are necessary if Sweden is to be inspired with a now idea. Letters from well-informed persons in Pa-is state that the result of the Canrobert mission has anytlhng but satisfied the Emperor, and that the approach. ing elevation of the General to the rank of Marshal of France is actnated solely by the desire not to add another blacrwne to those he has alreadymsuet with in the Crimea and'Scandinavia.;,This biig-a-boo yon see is, after all, nothing. . . . The second, the mission of Coun- Valentine Esterhazy to St. Petersburg, is still less, if possible. -Ve have been informed, by way of Warsia, of the object of his mission, which seems not to have been made any particular secret of, and still mor-s so of the circumstances, that led to it. The Emperor Francis Joseph, impelled by his own interest ardently to desire the discoverv of some basis for apeace, had at first the intention of sending the most confidential member of his entoilrage, Count Griunne, with an autograph letter and extensive powers to the Emperor Alexander. On the representation, however, of -hat an equivocal position he would be brought into by an unfavourable answer, lie kept the Count (Griinne) back in reserve, and - sent out the younger diplomatist, as a sort of skirnmisher in advance. What the 3Iungarian Count pEsterhazy) is bringing wvith him are proposals -which Russia an in part accept, and will per'aps.accept, but they in no wvay hear the character of an iv]tacrnnm, thongh they do bear. that of an urgent app6allInt is resctyen ay achrttac rtymuch the same -alue o meo jeourney of ML von Seebach, who is one of the most valuable articles of furniture of the Parisian Corps Diplomatique. You see, things are nob so gloomy herb 1" -The latter part of this letter confirmswhat I iatel' wrote to you, that if anything definite: is to be .rouglht to, book, Austria will despatch' a special eVV6,v,to' St. Petersburg, and that the overtures to te made by Count Valentine Esterhazy -ivill only. be, con,v,erted- into. proposals in case they are -well re- c'eivd' - If they are not so,ithey'vaill be allowed to' 'follto the-grouid, 'andunothin- mole wi ensiie from -them. - The rejection of the ,overtures will an no sway leadtojAustaWs -eo-operation in -the war, nor, ..d,o ,gine,eveukto her with'drawingbeh M is.ter Although she has put, the word. "' mtenw4em,' intojtli'jnoaouths, of, ,our .diplomatssts. and- our pres,tlo,se- 3euisallst' 'who leve' hitherto .h- 'wAo ditlsalvow thb pioneers--of--Austrr'in intentions- disavow al idea of ulterior measures, and' prepare every-species-of political back door for Aus tria to creep out - at, in the very probabT centgency of her, Fepresentitsve meeting -wa5h nO sac cess. .lo - -, . , te,, i . - fr- A t- . The followhs.i.s n ata,t6,,enit fromn n;j lri.l pn-'of- th&o 'cr¢atw' o£,' -hs nn Au'-.wsbi^ ,~~~~~~~lr~si ,w sh Count Esterhazy is to lay before the Cabinet of St. Petersbiurg; they are described to be the "result of a perfect tnderstatLding between tho Western Powers and Austria, both tvitlh regard to the tenour of the conditior s of pieaco w-hich are to provido the necessary guarantees, and to the comonton action of the allies in caso of thoir being rajected.'f: Tho proposals coftain "1. The relinquishment of the Russian protectorate ovrr tho Danubiian Principalities ana the conditions essential to sc,Cur,tng a now order, of. tlitngs there. This dificldt point, whiclI is already in process of being carried out, is dravn up so decisivoly and so learly, that in casi of its aIceptance eveoy prejudicial influeice on the part of Russia on the deliberations as to thie reguation of the affairs of the rincipialities is excluded at once. Russia is required imp!1 to give her assent to the arrangements about to beo made, witbout participating in any dbliberation or in any esoltion on the ixbject. - - "2. Cession of a poitionot Bessarabia, tot such an extent that Rtussia wouldbo no' only renovedafrom tEo delta of the Danube, but would have to give up - her entire position on thatrivor. Thogeographicad line for the. futureo R3usian frontier is traced on a map prpended to thepapers, and accordingtothattheRussianfrontier would bo consklerably thrusthback. ' csel "3. Nentralization of tho Mlack Sex, wPithottany Iusshn fortresses ansl arsenals 'on its coasts; at the mouths of the Danube, however, there is to be a station for vessels of war of small burden, for the purposes of marine police. ' ' 4. Common protection of the Christian subjects of the Porte. " All the above points havo been proposed by Austria the following have been added by the Western Powers:Admission of Consuls into tSie harbours of the Black Sea, and an undertaking on the, part of Russia never for the' futuro. to erect any fortifications on tho Alaidl les. The tern allowed to Russia by Count Esterhazy, who is expected to arrive in St. Petersburg on the 24th or 25th, is very short, and in 10 days the decision mnust be made. Should tlo proposals bo rejected, the imnmediato breaking off of diplomatio relations between Russia and Austria would ensue." The news that reached here some little time baek of an 'improvement in the health of Prince Fhsklewitsch turns out to have been either unfouncled or illusory; he is statednow to be getting worse and orse; all' hopes of his eventual recovery ate given up, but it is believedl he may linger yet fo' several months. At tho time of Count Ssterhazys passinig through Warsaw(21st) and callin upon him he was able to leavo his bed and receive his Assin visitor seated in an arm chair. STATE OF NAPLES. (FROM OUR1 OBW CORBUESl'ONDENT.) IQAPLES, IF). 22. In my first letter on the subject of the exchanges in Naples I stated that I wasi tunable to put my hands on the decree determining the price of silver, thougrh I wfas suro.of the existence of such a decree. I have since succeeded in finding it, and it now lies before me; and I aun again disposed to return to the question of finance, to cite its articles,'as also to apprise you of an order issuted by the neow Minister, and published in the (.iormo1ce Uffiziale, lowering the p~rice of silver about 2 per cent.-thsat is to say, from D. 1 30, to D. 127 98-100. The rnisuisterzuZe to which I have alluded is dated May 8, 1818, and is a sort of appendix to the decreo of the 20th of April of tho same year; and,, as the decree announced it, it may be considered as part thereof, and consequently as sanctioned by the King. This minisferiale, or decree, in its preamble, professes the principle that coin is the " measure of price," as also of every species of contract; that there can only be one measutre, afid not two measures ; that silver is the measure of the Two Sicilics; that foreign silver coins are valuied in proportion to tho quantity of pure silver they contain; that, in order that commeice may not be exposed to risk or uncertainty in its operation., this sminicrie or ordisutvnc gives its warranty that the Rank of the Two Sicilies shall receive in payment all silver coins by weight at the price prefixed in the tariff annexed to the ordinance; that the Mait shall receive silver in bars, and shall convert the same into coin "for account" of the owners 'thereof; that silver in bars shall be paid for in silver coin of the realm at the rate of D. 1 30-? per ounce of pure silver; and, finally, that in respect of gold, the owners shall receive the same weighlt of pure gold, less only the cost of coinage. It is clear therefore that the -&egislature of that day had only one object in view-namely, the unvarying and permanent value of silver as the measiure of price; that tllis measure was to be applicable to all coins and to the silver of aU countries, bearing an exact relation to thela as regards the quantity of pure metal they contained. This ordinanee, moreover, lays dow n in tho clearest terms the principle that the Mint was not contemplated by the Legislatture as an inidustrial monopoly, as a source of revenue, or as a means of taxing the import or export of the precious nietals, btat as a facilitation and guarantee to commercial operations at home and al-road in all money trransactions-namely, that owners of metal should be entitled to have it converted into coin of equal weight of pure metal on paysnent of the sole expeiise of coinage. And, in truth, it forms no part of the duty ofa Government to interferewith, niuch less to traffie in, the import or export of the precious metals. Thie quanatity required for the purposes of isiternal and external trade adjusts itself with the utmost precision. All that is required is that the ovners of metal can hav6 it converted into legal tender at the smallest possible expense. On this sole condition it flows into a country when wanted, and departs when no longer required. This simple principle w as understood by the Chevalier Medic, who framed the Law wsahich reguLate the currency of this kingdom; bast the charlatans who now regrulate the finances and commerce of the Tw-o Sicilies pretend to understand these things better. In my previous letters I stated my conviction that a price had been fixed at the Mint for silver. Ylo wi perceive by this ordinance that I -was correct. The price was fixed at D. 1 36 5-1(- per ounce of pure silver. I stated the price at D. 1440, buit, as I formed my opinion oll practice, the error is of small consequence. In practice I am riglht, for since the above ordinanee wau published an additional value of about 1 percent. has been given to imported silver by the decree of October 20, 1832, which alters the mode of testing the fineness of silver by using what is termed the wet process, or, in other terms, augmenting the quantity of silver extracted from foreign coin. The technical error, therefore, I fell into does not affiect my argument, which wasI thus :-thatl,000 five-franc pieces practically contain |about as much pure silver as 1,000 Neapolitan dollars, and therefore in the wvorld's market are neairly identical inyjlue. -By lowerimg the Mtint price of silverthel\Iint boughttthe 1,000 five-franc pieces for 900 dollars, thus gaining 100 dollars in the 1,000. Of course the exchanges adjust thenmselves to this conditionofthepreciousmetals. Theyfailto the point at whieh the import of silver affords a profit to the importer. But, on discovering this, the Mint again lowersthepriceof silver by an orderissued onthe 13thinst. reducin git, assllave aheadyinformedyou,from D.1 3S0 to D.12M7 90-100. The effect of this will be, of eourse,-to lower the exchanges again, to increase the indebtedness of foreign debtors, to further depreiss the value-of the products of the soil and entire industry of the lingdom, and, finally, to render the. commercial operations of al parties stil more inse-' cure and uncertain. It needs not the wisdom of a Solomon to discover that a continuance of this " finaacial discovery" will lead to the rule-of-three qubstion, "If a five-franc piece be worth'0, what will a salma of oil, a bushel of wheat, or a libra of silk fetch ?" According to the new price of silver, 1,000 five-franc pieces vill net 880 dollars, instead of 'nearly 1,000. It is not the Ieast curious feature of this idioticallegislation that while silver is groewing scarce, and Trisimg in value in all neighbouring countries, here the Government (that is the regent' of the B&nk, Baron Ceocarelli and his connission ofwiseabres) iU lowering its price. It is not a less,- rious phenomenon in the'history of the currency:of this country that while its -Government has, contraxy to law, solcd several nmilions of Spanish doliar: at'- a"" premium, or 'agio, of about 15 per ct. -:above' the intrInsic vale of 'the silver they contain, it has'replaced them withfiva-fxanc' .pibce'a;t 10 per cent. below their intrmisic value. I In the meantime, with all this "clever" traihe, trade ig at a'low ebb, and- dily declning. In the midst bf abundaince the peo are poor, illfed, and'll-lothed.. -The various 'adinisationl cbnnected *ith4he:fiiunces ae' in a2 disorganifed and dem-no - ralized itate.'~ Gold has long since 1eft~the corintly;. 'imports are in -the hands of second and third-rate -dealers_natives who have- an understanding-with -the Cuatom house officers. Exports ;ae checed by prohibitions, double 'duties, - and low exthanges. RUailroad schemes and -publc' works based 'upon .natiohnla resources are a complet delugiono; .As t.he.prices of the public -funds, tiey areqio proo -of 'pubc -prosperity; - bbey rue high us the natives have no other resouroe for their saving a There is no enterprise in the country,-no compame. forming, no roads ms vin. Surrounded by famish ing populations and high prices, agriculturo lan. ~gtushes, andthe prices which would give it life and vigour would be Starmtion to the masses. How different the condition of tho 0t cont:ies whero agold'circulation rules3 On this point, however, I will not enlarge further than to observe that when a gold circulation preponderates ctsdit, enterprize;nnd prosperity exist wlhen a purely silver standard has been retained tfiere is no protress, but the reveme. It is said of FeAi (the predecessor of D'Urso, our late " Lamented"minster of Finances) that "'he hated to see a tradesman ride in a carriage," and "that N:plscould exist without exchanges, foreigners, and foreign trade." Is it tlat his successors are earryiig this idea out t Many of tie as of the present Goverinnent look very much like it. -- - A fotmer letter I mentioned that some great change was proposed- in prison discipline in this country, and that, something like the reformatory school system was about be ihitroduced.: A decree of His Majesty isrnctions a variety -of articleg for.the'regulation of such a systern and the details I will send yen in another letter. Our journals teenm vith accounts of thle disasters consequent on the most extraordifiary weather we have had during the Last two months. The whole kingdom has been more or less afflicted, but especially Messina, Ulteriore Calabria, Seconds, and Terra del Otranto. Im many of these districts the inundations were so sudden that people were compelled to escape to the tops of theirhouses, io trees, and in one case to the belfry of the church, where they were: asembled at their devotion. The water rose commonly 15 palmi htigh, and in one place 100 palmi. Boats and rafts were employed to save the sufferers, but many lost thoir lives. The loss of property, .of course, has been very considerable. In one commune only it amounts toD. 100,000,hiouses, bridges, olive grounds, vineyards, and live stock having been swept completely away. I do not particularize any places, as the same sad history attaches to all. Thb writer of the leading article in the Giornkle,-however, assures us that Mis Majesty is doing " aU that a good father and Monarch can do for his children who have been struck by the inscrutable anger of God," and ftrtlher expresses a conviction that the providence of Gold nd the Sovereign, whoso great mind is so open to charity, will not fail to send comfort to the afflicted. ITALY. The Piedvmonteec Gazette of the 28th ult. publishes the returns of the Customs' receipts, which amounted in the 11 months of 1855 ending on thec 1st inst. toi 40,109,362 livres. During the same period in 1854 they had only produced 37,632,185 livres. The Municipal Council of Turin had appointed a conunission to report on the project of a Universal Exhibition at Turin. According to the plan proposed, the Crystal Palace is to be condructed round the Castlo del Valentino, which wvill thus form it s central structure. The Duke and Duchess of Nemours arrived at Turin on the 26th ult., from Genoa, and Thtilriiel thither the same day, after paying their. respects to the King of Sardinia. L IIassimo d'Azeglio arrived at Turin from Marseiles, tid Genoa, on the 27th alt. Letters from Genoa state that the Neapolitan and Sicilian refugees residing in that city were greatly excited in consequence of an order said to have been received by eight ships of war of the Englislt naval division of the Black Sea to repair to Messina. Everybody commented on that event accordino to his personal political feelings, although it is evident that the measure, if actually directed by the English Government, must be for the purpose of putting aiz end to the ambiguous proceedings of the Eing oE Naples, who lately gave another proof of his ill-will towards the Westem Powers by prohibiting, at the instigation of the Russian Minister, the embarcation for Constantinople of 800 mules purchased by the Englislh Government. A letter from Naples of the 22d-ult. says. " Wo have had for some time past very heavy raitn, anit Sicily has suffered greatly from storms and hurricanew. Messina itself is in great consternation at the loss of alun. ble properties destroyed by a watempout. We have fewer visitors this season than usual, partly owing to the war in the East, and partly to exaggerated reports of the unsettled state of this part of Italy, of which we ourselves are so littla aware that it is generally from remding tlhe fact in the papers that we lneow anything of it. Tho Court moves from place to place for the benefit of change of air, and levees are heldone dayat Portici and another at Caserta, where the heir-apparent has been ordered-by the faculty for his health, which gives great anxiety, the Duke of Calabria being much beloved. 3. de Brenier, the French Ambaasador, it is reported, is insisting on this Government cominin to a decision on the part it intends assuming in the Phissian war. His Excellency Sir W. Temple has not enjoyed his usual health for sonme time pastV" SPAIN. (Moat Oun owN coRsroNnDETr.) MADRID, Dzc 25. Senor Brail read, as was expected, the bill autlorizing the establishment of a new bank, on the principles of, and in connexion with, the Credit .1fobilier Company of Paris, and authorizing the Govenment to mnake similar concessions on the same bases, wvhen they may consider it advantageous to do so. Tlhe bil was referred to the sections, for the nomination of a committee to report npon it. The title of the neav ssociation is to be" General Society of Credit," the capital 20L3,000,003 reals, or 120,0O0,0(0f., at the exchange of 19reals per 5f., in 240,000 shares of 1,900reatsor600f. ea^h, dividedinto series, and issued in virtue of a decree of the Council of Administration; the first series to be 80,WOOshares, which are to be issued immediately, and on which the subscribers must pay up at least 30 per cent. withiin 15 days of the approval of tho statutes; the shares to be payable to bearer, but may be deposited by the owners in their names with the society, receiving from the latter a nominative receipt as a guarantee: a reserve funad to be formed annually out of tlie profits, but not to exceed 20,000,000f.; the association to he directed by a council, of 15 administrators, elected by the shareholders; the couincil to elect the directorgeneral and sub-director; and an account to be furnished to the Government every six months of tha state of its affairs, and also at suich other times a3 it maybe called on to do so. The sitting of the Cortes was prolonged last evening in order to close the debate on the autthorization bill to collect the taxes, &e. A long debate took place on the hostile report of the minority of the committee, which was finally rejected, and that of the majority adopted by a large majority; au amendment proposed by Senor Figuciras, a Democratic deputy, as an additional article, the object of which was to reduce the impost on trades and professions, wvas rejected in ro0taciOmb7-noi,udt bg 106 votes agnst 22. The assembly adjourned at 7ip.m. till the 28th inst. General Q'Donnell continued throughout yesterday suffering considerable pain at times, wvith periodst of alleviation; he had two hours' sleep at nfighlt, whichl gave him much relief. The Gazette says specting him:-- " The MEnister of War, who yesterday morning ILad- a relapse, in which the alarming symptoms-of his compla:unt were renewed, continued during the day in the same state, vith some altenations. We are ablo, nevcrtheless, to state that at 1 oclock at night his Excellency was resting tractqItisy." it is feuare there is some oranc disease, in this case. Somae speculators on the Bols are already selling stock, in the expectation of General O'Donnell's illness having a fatal termination, and of the disorganization of the 3inistry and other serious consequences which suelh an event might prodne. To-day and to-morrow ar holydays at the Bolsa, i;o- day being Christmha-day a nd to-morrow .he festival of St. Stephen, 'the first mart .r. There s to-be a graend ball at the Weatro Real on the night of the Sth,, ,the poeed to be applied to Tie reief of the wounded scldier5 m nthe Crimea. T. had been postponed on account of the: &iolera IAAI)EID, DEC. 26. Genral O'Donnell passeda tranquil night last -night, and is stated, in reply to inquiriee, to be better io-ys.: .Tho Gozett contains fhe following Roy,al creeprcividing for the de~s~hof business at tim Wap-offlee dim g- his illbesea in !- 2 ; '" The Conddo ste e,s, oryl istt4ofar, licingil, 1 hek- erdertdurniigis: izdisp6tion.Major-Gentrg D. ;ie0d3.Mrih on, Under-Secrctary of the- same, chlage him. .selfwithUthebusinssofthat-epartment. - :" Given at the Palace, December 24, 1855.: ~f:; >- 'B:nBQMEMSPAL:RTrErvD : ,": ': "The Preident oftl:e COnIu.Iiofrrses '.A desbatch o1e.lcnlde of ',Buros of ihe 23d int., addreed to Senvr'u.e rte Aad tFinite gt ,,-7,,' -
SJARROWf WAR. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I b.ae read with interest the several communications that bave appeared in your journal upon this subject, and, as a filendor all thefeathered race, allowmc togive you the result of my experience withrespect to London sparrows, and which, I havc no doubt, will be of some semce to aU rho, having gardeins are endeavouring to-keep a few flowers in the suburbs of this smoky city. B3eing rather fond of gardening, I did not of course like to see the young shoots cf my pinks and other plants cafefully pecked out. Upon examining the question dispassionately, I came to the conclusion that this depredation on the part of my pugnacious and querulous friends was one of necessity, and that they were com pelled to it by hunger. I accordingly applied a remedy, -vhich w as as eeicacious as it was astonishing. It was simply tihis. Eve r orni before breakfast I soaked a few hard crusts and stlepieces ofbresd, and tlrew them out on the v.wlk in my b.ad rarden, and gave three distinct whistles. After the first wveec they understood the signal, and came regnlarly when called, and, if I happened to be a little after my time, I found them uietly perched xion the branches of the trees and shru s nearest the P-indow awaiting their daily meal, From that moment I have never had reason to complain of their conduct-not a young shoot or any -seeds were +onched by themu. I bave now- continueil this experiment for upwards of five years, the i: three in Kensington, whEere I keep up the custom, aliJiouge the shadv and northerly aspect of- my garden -has f nrced me to abandongrowingany. flowers. i have a Lrepear tree, butIhave ne-.er discovered ary imjury done to the fruit by the Eparrows. I would therefore strongly advise all those who have gardens to try the remedy, and I am sure they will never regret it. I ama, Sir, your most obedient servant. .T P r 2, UpperfPhilliinore-place, lHensington, Dec. MI.- =
TrvERrooL Cos^r-TNL4sr.-'The corn-market is no exception to the general restriction of business, and although, from a chan-e of wind, the arrhials have been larg,e this week, they nave failed to impart any degree of actvity to the trade, and as next Tuesday, being New Year's-day, will be obser-ed as a holydayin this market, the favourable opportunity ofered to millers and dealers from the interior to argment their exhausted stocks may pass without its being 3nade available by them, for when once the grain and flour are stored importerswill be less anxious to meet buyers at a reduction. The import into Liverpool during the week-has been 34,706- qarters of wheat,- 6,455 sacks and 17,633 barrels of flour, 18,115 quarters of Indiam corn, 1200Q quarters of beans, with other articles in a less proportion. TL seasonable supply will meet the deficient deliveries of the farmers, those gazetted this week being only 108,1154qtiartersof wheat,- against 118,798 quarters in the corresponing weel of last year. Our principal import is, of course, from the United States, vhence there were several overdne vessels, which from the change of wincdhave mowgotin, leaving butamoderatesupplyof breadstuffsatsea. for prices on the other side are too hirh to encourage ships ments, and, inland navigation. being :i but- closed- t thl last accounts, we cannot expect any import of, hiagnitudofor the present from America. The high prices have, no doubt, produced all the good effeits that could have beeit expected or wished from them-that of inducng large sup plies from the interior of America to the=seoard, t'me movemenFof vh-ch is aloiieinterruptc-in-the norttei 5tates by* the intervention of frost; but iii the-,southern ports, of aWhich N6w Orleans is by far the most important, this interaption is only partially felt at the heads of her river nav%ation. The object of high prices in the Americar ports ha'ng been gained in theiriae receipts, itis no Pon:r d"Arble they should be maintained, for-they impede. busmess;znd,witkcaTefuI actioix on the part of omr o inmorters, profitable shipments 'wil, no doubt, be amade to this counW?. 'Alhon~h we havea now eight moanths befdr~ as il tie ha~fst 186r is available' for oonsuiption, threisnoustion'that, as eac'lih othi pases; the pro. zpects of uise weld will tell pon prces, an thenghmany conceive that-thereigstill- eonsiderable margin for a ass, lladmnitthatthereisa large one for afall. Weat gen 'way during the week ld. to 2d. per 701b. (the nominal Lierpool bushel), flour ls. 6d. per sack and Is. per barrel, Kad Indin corn Z5. per quater.-I;irepeof AThion. G3Ysi.in PAIAcL-Oh-li Scx s DAY, TUESDAY, -Admission on p ent 1,17; ditto by season
THE BRITISH HOSPITAL AT RENKIOI. ', 3 (ROM OU1R OWA jCOR=EONrDM-T.) . . ~~~~~DEC. 19. Winter weather has set in, and all are glad of fires.; buit the temperature is rather variable than permanently low, as the following observations made at 10 a.m. in an exposed place facing the sea Mill testify:- On the 16th the snow-flakes penetrated the outhouses and the less finished buildings like dust, and water froze in the pipes, which in many places burst, and caused a corresponding amount of discomfort on the 1t1th, when the thaw came. It has been found necessary to complete with all speed the side boarding on the north aspect of the long corridor, which is now perfectly sheltered and dry. A good deal of work has been required on the roofs of the hospitals to render thenm watertight, and to close the apertures left as ventilators during the heat of summer. I am sorry to y that the sheet tin roofing does not answer its ends satisfactorily. Rain finds its wvay betweenl- .the-joiniings or any accident.al aperture, and the thinr.ess of the plates renders them liable to tear u pon the least strain. It is also to be regretted that al the felt is not of the first quality; the more so, because this is the substance upon which most reliance must be Placed,for keeping the buildings dry. Indeed, for the future the engineers intend to cover the hospitals with two layers of felt, instead of one layer protected by the tin sheeting. The native tiles make a better roof, as is proved by the mess-house, but the general buildings are nlot constructed to sulpport such a material. All the buildings have stood firm, however high has been the gale; no accident from thlis source has happened, althoulgh it h:as blowvn "great gruns," and the sh~ipping along the Sast hass sustained considerable- damagNe. The Constantinople p>apers state that on. the Ist. ^and 2d of December a fearfil storn raged in the Crimea, tearing up the tents and. levelling the more weakly constructed huts to the "round. One of the field hospitals suffered severely' a similar storm broke over Constantinople, and tore the caiques and the lighter shipping from their anchors. There has been nothing of the kind here at the worst; the chief impediments to pedesttian exercise being the state of the roads, wliich after a leavy fall of rain become extremely dirty and muddy. The wind is often so high that horse exercise is disagreeable; but there is no impossibility in riding fronm place to place when b>usiness requires it. On the evening of the 16th two unfortunate men belonging to the Land transport servime were brought into the village of Renkioi frost-bitten. They had Ibst their horses in attempting to ford the sWollen Scanander, and had wandered about for many hours afterwards awithout boots, in rags, and famishing-denied admission everywhere on the snpposition that they. were -Bashi-Bazouks. I need hardly say that an appeal for assistance from the lhospital was immediately responded to, although the road-a steep mountain- path, with deep precipitous ravines on one side-was impassable tohorses on account of the snow, vwhich was taen falling heavily and had accumulated in drifts. Dr. Robertson, one of the inspectingphysicians, proceeded to the village alone and on foot, and succeeded in restoring animation to the patients, who were out of danger by daybreak. On the 18th the south wiud raised a heavy surf in the southlern bay; a large steamer crowrded with troops, supposed to be the Orinoco, passed unwards towards the Sea of armora.x She was de ayed some time by an accident to her machinery, but she did not alter her course, or even send a boat ashore, and in a few hours was out of sight. WVe hear that about 800 or 1,000 of the Swiss Legion will be accommodated during the winter at Abydos, an important, though not a particularly healthy situation. Smyrna is inundated with red coats, to the satisfaction, it may be hoped, of the .aevansnie ueausties. The army medical officers are complaining of a just grievance, which can be most easily zectified. It is upon the matter of uniform. An oflicer should be known by his dress, and none sliould be permiitted to assume it without qualification, lest it should be brought into discredit. This is so self-evident a proposition that it needs no argument in proof; and in time_ of war, 'when large bodies of men are assembled together,-its importance is greater than is at first conceived. It has pleased the authorities to send out a number of young men, purveyor's clerks, dressers, dispensers, and dispenser's assistants, all of whom glory in the medical officer's unifolm. Of their qualifications I imust leave their superiors to speak; some are - doubtless well-conducted and useftul, but a large proportion are the reverse, and have acquiredfrom the letters "V. R.," surmolunted by a crown on front of the-cap, the unsavoury title of "Ta-trien." Now, this is precisely the cap the medical officer wears, and why, in the name of common sense, should he be exposed to class obloquy from the misdeeds of a number of lads? The dress worn. by some of the purveyor's clerks isnotveryu n- like the u-idress of an officer-of the Guards--abroad, red stripe runs down -the side of his pantaloons. His is a handsomer dress than that of a regimental officer, and moreover his pay is better; he receives 10s. a-day and rations, and does not appear to me to need the preliminary education. Old and experienced officers say that one non-commissioned officer would for 4s. or 5s. a-day do as much work well as half-a-dozen of these clerks - do unsatisfactorily, and that Governi-nent might save some thoiusands a-year by abolishing-them entirely. Perhaps their opinion might be tiken with advantage .after the experience afforded by the streets of Scutari. Dispensers and dispensers' assistants and dressers miight have a simple uniform for neatness, butthat is no reason why they should in any respect resemble the surgeon. Nogoodccapossiblyresultfromanysystemby wvhich the conduct of the medical officers of the army can be made the subject of misrepresentation and unmerited reproach. Everthing should be done to secure them respect. Inattention. to their matured advice, 'expostulation, and' warnings has cost the country a sum during this war not easily made up.
A BRITISH FLOTILLA IN THE CASPIAK SEA TG THE EDITOR OPF THE TD!ES. Sir,-Every reader of n7e T1ibls must have peruseI 'with interest the veluable information respecting the wa hic has from t-ime to time been coniveyed through te. miedium of lour coltmnsby your frequient correspondent, "'A HfertordhrcIcumbent.' Msifi' of your -readers may, however, differlfromi the' pmon expresse in the last communication of the "1Hertfordsire Incumbent," respecting the utility of a British flotilla in the Caspia Sea. Could such a prject (which I some time since propoeed in a high quarter) becarried iht,3fre -~and!thfej6is ozreason to prnounce it impossible-not only would the comraerce of Rus_sia. be paralysed in that part of the world,_but the fsr oreimpoertaents n object wold ~fct ed4 fln-teic eptin g t he reinorcment an snpplies of the Russian armies in the Trans-Caucasian provinces--of injurin;.themsorakeof Russia in the East, and of not onlyunidermining -its influeuce with Persia and those countries conitigaous.- to the Caspian Sea, buLt ik-ewise to the very confines of China and Kamskcatka to the remotest corners of the East, whence dealers, merchants, and traders of every, description yearly i-esort (many by. wa~ ofthe C ia ) tote greartfair-f NT Novogorod., When thLe chiefan of Affglhanistan, of Cbl of Bohchara and Samarcand, learnt from returniing caravans tha. the British 'flag wve4o over -the waters of the peat inland sea of centr-al Asia, would it. not be-likely mnuc to inereasot`heprestige of the Britishrname with those nations in the far. East, to strengthen -the. stability of our Indian emtp r.e, and to, render it lessi likely to ;be disturbed from Andt all these aouia be thL pieobible eoniequeices of the -project which -I have propoedapr qet th paciab"lt of which bas been exemplifed by th0efact of Russian vessels having, ere niow, been. constructed int thet timl*r-growing provinces ofthiate epire, carriedM inpices from theinterior, partly by ineans of its rivers,-partbjhy lan d i arnage, an the -saiiie- way that a smnall B ~ XMo'U might be conveyed Russa hs pove-tous hatnotingis ~impossible wbere men,mone, -ad maerias ar at and l whicli'the L. NAPIER. _2o=n4aen, Jiants, fecW. -- rAdvertisement.-The "I1 ncet? for 1856.-Pe&naenfly Moazed 5i00 columns armnalLy.-The &As number for the new volume pearn Saturday nejJam. 5, Ind will conain kctures and ~apem by Dr. Tyl Ily r. Ftb, ,rso Ir . Canton, Mr. Adon, 1f. Rhite, Ear.B3rne 31r. Riaddiffe. ir. HOa Dra Hooper and At3imont3 Mr. Wiglewortb, nand Mr. Hayes; , editofiai articles on sbjects oi inunediate intereslt to the profession and Tbe public, reports of proeedings at all the mnetropolitan medical societies, the hogpital "Mirrior," corespondenec,review, nlew inentions. and allthemedical nes of the weele Price 7d, stamped for free po*tge, 8d. Subsesiptions for the yeec, 34s. hs. lf-~ear, 17s.4d.et-Poltce orders8tohe male>betotbepublidier, :dwarad Ihoma4,423, Strned, at the Stom ros o£e; o the*'anced" can be ordered of any booksellers tr ce~en in tbe nnitecdklrgdom.
RELIGION IN COMMON LIBE.* Sidney Snijth, always fond of a joke againsthis own cloth, used to lament that somany clergymen thought sin was to be taken fiom mran, a Eve was taken from A damu-by throwving himu into a profound; slutmber. Thle rev, author of the sermon which bears| this title wvas apparently successful in keeping his Royal listeners m a state of satisfactory wakefullness, and the result has been highly conducive to his fame as a predaher. Since it is not every discourse preached before Royalty which is published " by command," soeie curiosity will naturally be. felt to know the. peculiar merit of one which met with sutch high approbation, and to which so rare an honoutr -was paid. A perusal of Mr. Caird's sermon will lead to a general concurrence with the judgment passed upon it by Her M-ajesty. It is neither very learned, very brilliant, or very poetical; it deals not at all with doctrinal poinits, and settles none of those vexed questions of thleology with which wak-eful congregations are puzzled and somnolent ones composed. XIr. Caird is of those preachers wvho condescend to be plain and practicalwe had nearly said, intehligiblo ; and their nmuber [is so small that the present mark of Royal encouragement was mluch> needed. Romans, xii. 11, "Not slothfiul in business: fervent in spirit, serving the Lord" suinplies hlim with. a text, and his aim is to prove what is- more vital than creeds and more diffiellt of inculcation than the nicest point of doctrine--viz., that religion may be. blended with tho wvork of conunon life-that, as God has made us dependent on work for our daily bread, so He has rendered it possible for us to live a life of fervent piety amid the most engrossinrg worldly pursuits. In weiglihing such a composition any lengthened - criticism would be out of place; the matter and the manner will best be shown by a few extracts. The preachler here introduces his subject*- " To combine business vith religion, to keep up a spirit of serious piet- amid the stir and distraction of a busy amd active life-this is one of the most difficult pauts of a Christian's trial in this world. It is comparatively easy to be religiouis in the cSurch-to collect our thouglhts and compose our feelings, and enter, with an appearance of pro. priety and decorumn, into the offices of religious worship, amnidst the quietude of the Sabbath and within the stll and sacred precinets of the house of prayer. But to be religious in the -world-to be pious and holy and earnestiainded in the counting-house, the manufactory, the marketplace, the field, the fann-to esary out our good and solemn thoughts and feelings into the throng and thoroughfare of daily life-this is the great difficulty of our Christian calling. NZo man not lest to all moral influenlce can help feeling his worldlypassionscalmed and some measure of seriousnefs stealing over his mifud when engaged in the per. fonuance of the inore amwful and sacred rites of religion; but the atmiosphere of the domestic circle, the Exchange, the street, the city's throng, aid coarse work and canikering cares-and toils, is a very different atmosphere from that of a communion table. Passing froni the one to the otier has often seemed as if the suddeii transition from a tropical to a polar cHniate, frons balmy warmth and sunshine to murky mist and freezIng cold. And it appears soinetimes as dif ficult to maintain the strength and steadfastness of religions principle aud feeling when wve go foith from the church into the world, as it would be to preserve an exotic alive in the open air ih winter, or to keep the lam p that bunis steadily within doors from being blo-wil out if you take it abroad unsheltered from the vind. "1SSo great, so all but insuperable, has this difficulty ever appeared to men, that it is but few who set tlemselves honestly aiid resolutely to the effort to overcome it. The great majority, by various shifts or expedients, evade the hard task of being good and holy, at once in the church and in the world. "I L ancient times, for instance, it was, as we all novw, the not uncoanmmon expedient amorng devout persons-nmen deeply impressed with the thought of an eternal world and the necessity of preparing for it, but distracted by the effort to attend to the duties of religion amid the business and temptations of secular life-to fly the world altogether, and, abandoning society and all social claims, to betake themselves to some hermit solitude, some quiet and cloistered retreat, where, as they fondly deemed, 'the world forgetting, by the world forget,' their work would become wvorship, and life be imninter-uptedly devoted to the cultivation of religion in the soul. In our owvnday the more conimon device, where religion and the w orld conflict, is not that of the superstitious recluse, but one even much less safe and veniaL. Keen for this wvorld, yet net w,illingP to lose all hold on the next-eager for the advantages of time, yet not prepared to abandon all reliion and stand by the ecensequences, tlere isa very numerous class who attempt to compronmise the matter-to treat relgion and the world like twvo creditors whiose claims cannot beth be liquidated, by compounding with each for a share, though in this case a most dis;roportionate share, of their tiue and thought. 'Everytlung in its own place ? is the tacit reflection of such nien. 'Prayers, sermons, holy reading'-they will scarcely venture toadd 'IGod'-'are for Sundays; but week-days are for the sober business, the real practical affairs of life. Enough if we give the Sunday to our religious duties; we c,annot be always praying end reading the Bible. WeeU enough for clecn and good persons wrho have nothing else to do, to attend to religion through tbe wek; but, for us, w e have other and niore practical matters to mind.' And so the result is, that religion is made altogcther a Sunday thing-arobetoo fine for commnon w;ear, but taken out solemnly on State occasions, end solemnly put past when the State occasion is oven. Like an idler in a crowdaedthoroughfare, religion is jostled aside in the daily throng of life, as if it bad iio business there. Like a needful yet disagreeable medicine, ien will be content to take it now and then for their soul's health, but they cannot, and wvill not, make it their daily fare-the substatial and staple nutriment of their life and being, "Now, you will observe that the idea of religionwhich is set forth in the text, as elsewhere in Scripture, is quite different from any of tlese notions. The text speaks as if the most dilgent attention to our worldly business were not by any means incompatible with spirituality of mind and serious devotion to the service of God. It seems to imnply that religion is not so much a duty, as a something that has to do wvith allidnties-not a tax to be paid periodically and got rid of at otber times, but a ceaseless, all-pervading, ne.xhaustible tribute to llim who is not only the object of religious worship, but the end of our very life and being. It suggests to us the idea that piety is not for Sundays only, but for all days; that spirituality of niind is not appropriate to one set of .actions and an impertinence and intrusion with reference to othere, but, like the act of breathing, like the circulation of the blood, like the silent growth of the stature, a process that may be going on simultaneously with all our actions-when we are busiest as when we are idlest-in the church, in the world; in solitude, in society; in our gaief and in our gladness; in our toil and inourrest; sleeping, waking; by day by night-amid all the engagements and exigencies of life. For you perceive that in one breath-as duties not only not incompatible, but necessarily and iniseparably blended with each, other-the text exhorts us to be at once ' not slothful in business,' and 'fervent in spirit, serving the lord."' ReligionL is viewed in two aspects-as 3 science and an art; in other words, a system of doctrines to be believed and a systemn of duties to be done. In either light the preacher insists upon the compatibility of reEgion with common life. Viewed as a science-as trath to be understood and believed-religion is not, like the higher mathermatics or metaphysics, based on recondite and elaborate reasonings, capable of being mastered only by the acutest minds after years of study and laborious investigation. In this case the Gospel would be a Gospel for scholars alone-a religion, like the ancient philosophies, - for a scanty minority, who had the, comprehension to grasp and the time to discuss its doctrines. " But the Gospel is no such system of high and abstract truth. The salvation it offers is not the prize of a lofty intellect, but of a lowly heart. The mirror in which its grand truths are reffected is not a mind of calm and philosophic abstraction, but a heart of earnest purity. Its lightshines best and fullest, not on a life undistirbeed by business, but on a soul un: stained by sin." Again, viewing reliion as an art, our preacher finds that-it may be practised sisnultaneously with all other work and occupation in which we may be engaged; that while the practice of one secular art excludes for the time the practice of any other, so that a man cannot be studying architecture aid law at the &mne time, reElgion- is -the universal art, the conimon, allembracing profession, belonging to no one set of functionaries.indtoDnospecinlclass of men. ReliZ gion is defined as the art of being, and-of doing, good.- 0 "To be an adept in-it isto become just, truthful, sincere, self-denied, gentle, foribeaing, pureinword and thought and deed. And the school for leaingthis art is, not the closet, but ithe world,-not some hallowred spot where religiont is taulght, and4rhficents, when duly trained, are sent forth inlto the world,-4mut the world- itself-the cearae, pofane, commmbonwerld,with itscare sand temptations, its rivares and. competitions, its hourly, ever recurnagirials of temper and chmarixcer. This is, tlierefore a-n art WYhich all-can practise. and for -which every profession andcalling, the buiiest adia most absorbing, afford scope and discipline. When a child is leamning to write, it mitters not of what words the copy set'to him iscomposed, the thingdesired being tht, wh,atever - hewrites, he learn to writewell.- When amanis learning to be a Christian, itmatters not what his particular wrork in life may be;.the work he does is but the copy-line set to hini; themaUintiing-to-be considered is*that helearnto live well. Tim form is nothing, the execution is everything. It'is true, indeed, that prayer, holy rending, meditation, the solemnities and serdeces of the church, are necessary to religion, and that these can be practised only a a-t from the, work of secularlife. - But it is toebe ramembered that all such holy exercise- do not terminate in themsclves. Theg are but steps inathe ladder to heaven, good only as they heii uls to climb. Thev. are the lirrigation and enriching of thie spiritual soil-worse than aseles {if. tIme crop be not moss abundantb. They are, i,n short, but means to an end - good, only inso far as theylhelp us tokb goodamd to do good-to srlorify God and do good to man; and that end can, perhaps, Eetbe attained bgy him whose life isa; busy one, wshose aye-- *.eZigion iin CORNzWN Life; a Sermon by the Rev. Jobn Caird, M.A., Mnister of ErroL Published by Her Majestys command. William Blackwood and Sons, Edinbu=gh and London, 1855. cations bear him daily iito contact witlh his feUows, into tho intercourse of society, into the heart of the world. No man can be athoroughproficientin navigationwhohasnever been-a at'sea, though he may learn the theory of itat home. No. uan; can become a soldier by studying books on military tactics in his closet: lhe mnst in actualservice acquirethose habits of coolness, courage, discipline, address, rapid combination, without wlich the most learned in the theory of strategy or engineering will be but a schoolboy soldier after all. And, in the same way, a man in solitudo and study may becomo a most learned theologian, or mnay train hisuself into the timid, effeminate piety of what is technically caUed 'the religious life.' But never, int the highest and holiest sense, can he become a religious man, until he has acquired those habits of daily self-denial, of resistance to temptation, of kindness, gentleness, humility, sympathy, active beneficence, which are to be adquired only in daily contact with mankind. Tell us not, then, that the man of business, lhe bustling tradesman, the toil-worn labourer, has little or no time to attend to religion. As well tell us that the pilot, amid the winds and storms, has no leisure to attend to navigation, or the general, on the field of battle, to the art of war. Where will he attend to it? Religionis nota perpetual moping overgood books; religion is not eyenprayer, praise, holyordinances; theseare necessarytoreligion-no man can be religious without them. But religion, I repeat, is, mainly auid chiefly the glorifying of God amid the duties and trials of the world-the g_uding our course, amid the adverse winds and currents of temptation, by the starlight of duty and the compass of divine truththe bearing us manfuUy, wisely, courageously2 for the honour of Christ, our great Leader, in the c62"fet of life. Away, theni, with the notion that ministers and devotees may bo religions, but that a religious and holy life is im- racticable in the rough and busy world. Nay rather, telieve me, that is the proper scene, the peculiar and appropriato field for religion-the place in which to prove that piety is not a. dream of Sundays and solitary hours; that it can bear the light of day; that it can weat well amid the rough jostlings, the hard struggles, the coarse contacts of common life-the place, in one word, to prove how possible it is for a man to be at once 'not slothfutl in business,' and 'fervent in spirit, serving the Lord."'1 Religion (puirsues 31r. Caird) consists not so much in doing spirituial or sacred acts as in doing secular ncts fromn a sacred or spiritual motive. Many actions, materially great and noble, may yet, because of the spirit that prompts and pervades themn, be really I ignoble and muean; and, on the other hand, manyi actions, externally mean and lowvly, may, because of the statedo his heart wvho does them, be truly exalted and honourable. Public worshipfurnisheshim with o'ne fniliar example. Holy work in itself, it may be-and vith multitudes who frequent our churches is-degraded into work most worldly, most unholy, most distasteful to tho great Object of our homage. " And who can doubt tsat where such motives as these prevail, to the piercing, unerriisg inspection of Him whom outwardly we seem to reverence, not the market-place, the exchange, the counting-room, a place more ilntensely secular -not the most reckless and notons festivity, a scene of more unlallowed levity, than is presented by the house of prayer? " But, on the other hand, carry holy rinple Ith you into the world, and the world will become hallowed by their presence. A Christ-like spirit will Christianize everythng st touches. A meek 'heart, in which the altar-fire of 1lve to God is burning, will lay hold of the commonest, rudest things in life, and transmute them, like coarse fuel nt the toebe of fire, into a pure and holy flame. Religion in the soul will make aU the work and toil of lifie-its sins and losses, friendships, rivalries, competitions-its marfold incidents and events-tle means of religious advancement. lnlarblo or coarse clay, it matters not much with which of these the artist works, the touch of genius transforms the coarser material into beauty, and lends to the finer a value it never had before. lofty or lowly, rude or refined, as life's work to us may be, it will become to a holy mind only the miaterial for an infinitely nobler than all the creations of genius-the image of God in tho soul. To spiritualize what is siaterial, to Christianize what is secular-this is the noble achievement of Christian principle. If you are a sincere Christian, it wiU be your great deare, byGod's grace, to make every giftP talent, occupation of life, every word you speak, every action you do, subservient to Christian motive. Your conversation m-ay not alwaysnay, may seldom, save with intimate friends-consist of fonually religious words; you may perhaps shrink from the introduction of religious topics in general society: but it de-. mands a less amount of Clhristian effort becasionallyto speak religious words than to infuse the spirit of religion into all our words' and if the whole tenour of your commontalkbe per. vaded6ya spirit of piety, gentleness, earnestncss, sincerity, it wilbeChristiaaceonversation nottheless. If Godhasendowed you with intellectual gifts, it may be well if you directly devote them to His service in the religious instruetion of. others; but a man may be a Christian thinker and writer as niuch when giving to scicnce, or history, or biography, or poetry, a Chiristian tone and spirit, as wben composing sermons or writing hymns. To promote the caute of Christ directly, by furthering every reliious ad missionary enterprise at home and abroad, Ls uNoubtMy your duty; but remenmber that your duty terminates, not when you have doise all this, for you may promote Christ's cause even still more effectuaUy when in your daily demeanour-in the family, in society, in your business transacions, in all your commnon intercourse with the world, yonare diffusing theinfiience of Christian principle around you by the silent eloquence of a holy I fe. Rise superior, in Christ's strength, to aU equivocal practices and advantages in trade; shrink from every approach to menamess or dishonesty; let your eye, fixed on a reward before which earthly wealth grows dim, beau witis honour; let the thought of God make you selfrestrained, temperate, watchful over speech aud conduct; let the abiding sense of Christ's redeeming love to you make you gentle, self-denied, kind, and loving to all around you; -then indeed will your secular life become spiritualized w hile, at the same time, your spiritual life will growr more fervent; then not only w,ill your prayers become more devout, but wvhen the knee bends not, and the lip is silent, the life in its heavenw ard tone wrill 'prray w,ithout ceasing;' r thn frm amdstthe roar and din of earthfly toil the ear o God will hear the sveetest anthems rsing; then, finally. will your daily experience prove that it is no high and unattainable elevation of virtue, but a simple and natural thing, to vw-hich the text points, when it bids us be both 'diligentin business' and 'fervent in spirit, serving the Lord"' This must be our last extract. MIr. Caird takes care to show that though, in order to live a religious liffe in the woild, every action must be governed by religious motives, it is not by any means implied that in anl the familiar actions 'of our daily life religion must forni a direct and conscious object of thought. " We cannot," he says, " in our worldly work be always consciously thinking of relip,ion, but unconsciously, insensibly, we may be aceting under its ever-present control." Thec difficulties of the Christian life arid the reward that awaits a steady and constant exercise of the Christianvirtues fill -up the remainder of a sermon which will be read by niny because of the peculiar circumstances under which it is given to the world, but which very wenl deserves perusal -for its owvn merits.
NAVAL AND MILIPARYINTLLIaGNCE. A A compilation made 'fron the offlciil Amn3, Zi64 published yesterday, shows a number amounting to i45G ship3 and vessels of every denomination comprising the British feet. Of this force 301 duips said vessels are in commission snd employed in various ways, as 131-gun line-of-battle ships down to the 1-gun mortar, or gunboat, and the steam yacht mounting no annament at alL 'Ten yearsago we only had 233 vessels as a grand total of all classes in comnisDon, and nearly all those vere sailingveuels; noDv the character of the service is so thoroughly changed that nearly All are steasners, and 8uch few -sailing vesels as are yet doing duty are being set aside as fast at their terms of commission expire. Thns this week we Wave that noble three-decker, the Neptune, 120, Captain Hutton, laid up in ordinary, to make room for the more modern tean bulwark tho X-rborough, 131; andso the worl of change will progress, until a sailing man-of-war will become as great a novelty in the British feet at sea as was the steamer at the time of the " venture" of the little Comet. The staff f the fleet has also changed with the growth of its metanmorphosis, as will at once be perceived by the following statistics, showingthe division and subdivision of the various grades since the termination of the war in 181G, in which year there Mwere- It is estimated that we may count upon having this summer, available for the purposes of wa.r, 40 or more line-ofbattle ships and eavy frigatcesof the -right class, upwards of 20 corvettes and heavily armed doops, and upwards of 170 gun and mortar boats and batteries. The Baltic alone, it is inferred, will have a fleet of riearly 250 pennants over steam, and it isrnumoured that Sir Edmund Lyons wiRl be the grand Commander-in-Chief. In glancing at the before given fignres, it will strike the reader probably as ctrious that wnereas at the dose of hostilities in 1816 there awere 3,776 Lieutenants on the Navy Lint, -we have now, when in the midst of another war, but a total of 1,971; of this numnber, 1,778 only are represented as on the active list. The Pelyphemnus, 5, paddle steam sloop, Commander Warren, left Spithead yesterday morning for the coast of Africa. The Transit steam transport, Commander C. L. Johnson, R.N., having had her damages repaired, left Portsmouth again yesterday for Scutatri, with the 2d idght Infantry Regiment of the British German Legion. The Great Britain and Prompt steam transports left Portsmouth yesterday afternoon for their several home ports. TheWilliam, Jackson saiing transport left Porttsmouth yesterday afternoon for the eastward. Her Majesty's ship Neptune, 120, Captain Hutton, will be put out of commission to-day and her crew grauted leave. The paddlewheel steam sloop lnflexible, from the Baltic, arrived at Plymouth on Saturday and went into Hamoaze on Sunday. The screw steam sloop Cruiser, 17, Commander the Hon. G. H. Douglas, left Plymouth Sound on Sunday, and the sarew steanmship Archer, 14, Captain Edmund Heatheote, on Monday, for Hamoaze. The Albion, 90, just retmrned from the Mediterranean, is ordered to be dismantled at Plymonth. The freightship Ganymede, having embarked at Woolwich 160 tons of ammunition and shot for ballast, and filled every available space in her bold with hogsheads of winter clothing, and ambulance and other carts, and wheels on deck, for- the use of the troops in the- East, has sailed for her destination. The steam transport Durham, No. 179, having lshipped an engine and boiler for Malts dockyard, is now lying off the Arsenal at Weolwicb, lan' is totake on board- IS guns destined for the East. She is also to take ini wiister clothes, carts, wheels, &e., and ill likewise eimbark a quantity of live shell, for which pupose a rna,aYine is being built on board. The freightship Alma is also embarking military clothing, guns, &c., forthe Crimea.. The paddlewheel steamerDevastation, Captain Marshall has undergone thorough repairs in Woolwich dockyard, and is now in n very forward state toward coinpletion. The gunboat Tickler, Lieutenant-Commander Balfour, has left Woolwich for Northfleet. The Sandfly is again moored offthe Arsenal, having received her stores and anununition some days bock, when she was about to proceed to Shecrness, and was run into by a coalbrig, carrying away her stern ports and damaging her bulwarks. She has been repaired, and is now readyto join the squadron. - These gunboats are all supplied, prior to leaving woolKichi v.ith their requisite number of Matrines, varying from sis to ten in each boat, under a non-commissioned officer of the corps. The surveying steamer Firefly,' Captain Otter, which anrived at Woolwich about 10 days ago from the Baltic, has been docked for the purpose of ascertaining the amount of damage sustained by the explosion of the Russian infernal machine. Several sheets of her copper are blistered on the spot struck, and some are ripped up. The concussion, as described by the officers of the Firefly, Vws very severe. The damages were prineipally internal, and were repaired at the time by the carpcnters of the fleet. They consisted chiefly of inijuries done to the- sail-room, which wvas knocked away, and the bulkheads were sent across the otlopdeck, which -was likewise started up three, inches in various places. Thewhole of the men's mess gear on the lower deck was brolken in pieces. The Firefly also experienced some very severe damage in her lower-timbers, and lost her f9refoot on a reef-of rocks, while carrying on her reconnoitring operationsoffAbo, near the Gulf of Finlaud. The mneraant ship Elvira, of Boston, United States; Captain Crossby, which left New York on the 7th of December, ran for shelter into Plymouth on Monday. ,She has had fair winds durmig the passage, but so shong that she was constantly shipping seas; and on the 22d a gale from S,W. blew £o furiously that 'the shipr could not ron before it any longer; and the master was compeUled to heave her'to, when she shipped- several heavy seas--bne *hich swept away the bulwarks, and carried off the second: mate and two 'seamen, who were unfortupately drowned. The same sea bruised the master aid 'QJd'A several of the men, two of whom are not elpecti, er. The'Elvir' has lostTier maintopgallantmast an (:iue.giLq- She is a new shi' of ' 1,13 tons register; and his on bpad>65,000 bushels ofwhtat and SObarrels of flo r~~one#e a ao, est cargoes ever shipped. The cargo is sipp 'ini. jured. - - : The following are the latest appointments snade at the Admiralty:- ' . - - Lieutenanb J. B. Balfour, to the Victor; Lieutenant Lord Edwaf&H. Cec; (on the 29th ult;), to the Calcutta- Sa&Iusl Demny, surgeon, to the Forth S. B. Poyntz, mAdshipma to the Conqueror; A; F. nullier, mshipman, to the Forth. 'The' following letter Ifrom the -Warofflice, bearisg date tLX21stof Decembor, *has been£'ddressed to comgmnding officers and paymastesof regiments, and Cde4ots of cavaly acd infintr, 'deppt battalions, , at'home'-- "Sir,-'I am direct4 to inform -you that the personal p-rrt ofQ bounty admissible -forL men of' the tegular cavAlry and 'infantry w 'de Cbeforefilial approt-al,. but*rwho on reco-sery to the service arewirdoied and fo'rrded to their regimi-ts or depOts as ree.rU,it, Will in future be as stated below, the same-to includetEee portion payable in the dis- I have the honour to be,- Sir, your obedieiit seivaut,' - - - i- % "'B. J AWES. "For'a cavalry pardoncfl eseirter recruit, 51.; for an infautry ,rloncd deserter recrtut,4," lientenaut-Colonel, Lord Adolphus :Vane Temnpest left town w Fridag last to elomin,hiss regiment, the-Scots Fulileer Guards, intth0exlrhmua. 'Mur. Penrose Julya,- al o-efficar -in the Cii t service; lias arently-nced a-ew method of preparing field forAge, which, beW4des;ts aWvan-ges in other respects, Ii' likely to -prove ot much mportance in fcilitating the omutsi,z aoi of the army y e; bxes up .the hay, bruised oats, aud bran, or whatevN:,othef descriptions of food are 'considerable desirable, in c Prtain roportions, tad then subh ect the whole m3ss to so enormuous ? pressure as to get the l ton'ei«lt intp i'.)cubic feet.of space, It thesibecoDnes o solid that iVctn beli ut life wood by &aircila saw into' squar,e blocks of, a giren size,'ithout any trouble. Each block,contains half 'a;aysyatmon for- a horse, 'and not only Ian immenseaecouosy,ifmiesght a4,landtra 6pot, but,being'at 'oncIiffor-use,: doff awkaJ with all the waste an]inconvenience'attendait-vn'! otlherodns e -Iftordaing-to that syteml-the'biy, eon:, Ui,wasent out-ep&raely,the former 'ii-C bul& of 180 cubic feet for every -ton, aid it ismmpo'sible to eiZerate.the difficuXlties mmd 10s3 arisin frojna imnperfect stowage in wet weather, from l*eakinbu]k,weighing, &e q by the tCommisauat to supply the requis._ tions of regnaeutal quartermasters, and againifrom -the weighing and iedistributiouo the men. By ur Jysn's' plan all these inconveniencies are avoided, and the forage is prepared in portions occupying the minirnuss of space, not subject to wast2, and in sech a siape that there is not the sightest trouble i se-vingit out onthe leld. Th S toxnags alone saved by this mode of packing far more than covers the expenue attending its introduction. Acting AssistantSurgcons Bonnyman, Shoolbre-d, Woo, and Storey are under orders to quit Chatham, the two' former for Winchester, the latter for WocGwich. &cond. class Sureon WiUiam Braybroolke leaves Fort Pitt foe WVoolv,ich. Lieutenant Plhilip larris, Royal Marines, Chatham, Uas recently viited the School of Musketry at Hythe, for the purpose of rendering any explanation or aseistaneo messsary for the practical trial of the circular trigger 4Liutenant Harris's own invention), now being adapted, nader the direction of Colonel C. C. Hay, the Commjndant, to 3S Enfield rifles. Admiral IL Cuny, C.B., of the "Reserved- list of agofficers, died on Thursday las at the advanced aye a! St years. The deoemed obtained his comnission as licuteriant as far back as the spring of 179L He eommanded the Fury bomb vesse in the expedition to the Helder and st the srrender of the Dutch squadron in 1799. Thegallant Admiral also assisted at the destruction of two frigates at lfedenblik, and sabuequently took an active part in the expedition to Egypt in 1801, and was freqaently officiiUly noticel for his services on that occasion. The deceased had received the silver naval medal and one clasp, and for his nat-al services was made a Companion of the Order of the Beth. His commission bore date as follows *-fleutenait,s ;Larch ]4, 1794; Comnander, July 30, 1793; Captaid, January 7, 102; Rear-Admiral, January 10, 1837; Vice-Admniral, November 9,1846; andAdmiral, July 8, iS5L The inteTment of Mr. MVDonald, of the East India Company's Engineers, took place yesterday, at Gillinghan, Independently of the officers of the Royal and East- India Company's Engineers, with a large party of Sapper and -Miners, Colonel Eden had expressed a desire that the officer; of the battalori and Royal Marines should attend. The funeral cortige was accompanied by theIMarine band, playing the "Dead March." Colonel Henry S=dhwn and Colonel Henry Eden, with their respective staffs, closed the long line of military. The coat of anotherof the oTicers has been picked up.
STATE OF PRUSSIA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TlMS. Sir,-Ha-ing passed the last two or three months in travelling through Prusia, and in particular through the Baltic provinces, I venture to trouble you -with a fear remarks respecting the state of the country, which, as the result of personal observation, you may think worthy of some attention. I may add that for some weeks I have becn completely deprived of English newspapers, and havc consequently been indebted to the Berlin papers for news and politics. From their general tone, and from the public opinion (more particularly of the commercial and middle classes), I think there is very little doubt that a strong feeling of distrust is entertained as to the policy of the Government and its present position as regards the war. There is also an openly-expressed expectation, or, rather, apprehension, that, shou-ld the present reported peace negotiations lead to no result, which here seems hardly to be expected, Prussia will find herself compelled to take a decisive stand, either with or against the Western Powers-the nmore Eo as the treaty just concluded with Sweden is viewed in no favourable light by the Government, and is considered by it as a kind of menace or challenge which may be certain to bring the wvar nearer here, as it is confidently stated, but on what authority it is difficultio ascertain, thatthere are secret; clauses binding Sweden to take an active part in the operations of next spring. The national feeling, with very few exceptions, is against Russia, and the wish of the great majority of the people Would be to form an alliance with England; against this, however, must be taklen into consideration the old existing hatred to France from 1806, which resains in a. much greater degree than any one who has not had frequent opportunities of noticing could believe; and, as the Court and Junker party are secret, if not avowod, partismks of Russia (of whicha day or two agothe attendance of General von, Wrangel and a nmnber of the highest persons attached. to the Court at the TeDDcur,s performed in the chapel of the RTussian embassyatBerlinin honour of the faU of Kss may be talken as strong evidence), it is somewhat diflicit to say - what may be the definite resolve when the time comes for a decision From Illlasulea=nI do not, however, think. thhatthiscountryeouldeverjoinRussia, as suchastep 1v1il completely ruin her commerce ; and, beside thit, PTtu could only sustain a defensive war. The whole of the Babtjep seaports are defencelese, and her trade would be aimihil3to& by a.few steamermand frigates, which could. blockade the. entire seacoast, and burn or destroy nearly thc whole cor- termial marine. At present the shipping of Prussia is rapidly increa=ng, not only in ntumber, but in the larger tonna3ge of the vessels. which are now buding. Along the whole coast fronm Memel to Mecklenburg, every buildingyard is occupied, and al the builders have more contracts than they can complete in the nexttwoyearsm As Pussiahas no colonies, and, comparativaly speaking, very little direct trade, she is depenident. on other countries, and particularly on Great Bntain, for the employment of her mercantile fleet; and most of the new and larger vemsels regularly sail for England, andt rarely retarn to the port to wDich theybelong. It is, therefore, easy to oonceive how fatal ablow to the commerce of this country war with such iaval Powers as England and France would be, and how anxious the Government is to prolong a neutrality so favoureble to its subjects, as there 1w' no doubt that Prussia is at this moment, apart from the temporary high prices of bread and provisions, in a more flouris\ing condition than she has been for years. Although the harvest has been considerably below an average one, farners and landed pxrprietors, from the enhanced price! of gamin and agricultorn produce, are better off than in ordiisary years; the general trade of fhe country is in a very healthy condition, and miaufactures of al kinds are daily increasiT.g; shipping for the last three years bad beeri paying large dividends, and those ports which, from tbeirvicinity to the Russian frontier, have the benefit of the overland.trade, 'have heen reaping such a harvest that they ,wish the vwar to last for ever. It would occupy too mruch space to discuss here the question of the land transportfiomx Russia,_through 3eImel and Konigsberg; but there ar facts ssifficient to be convinced that the blockade of tbeRussian harbours cannot be effectual so long as those two ports remain open. I must apologize for the length of this letter, and will conclude by repeating my opinion that Prussia enjoys toogreat an advantage from her present so-called state oE neutrality not to use every effort to continue it until the last. moment; althoug, while she has all the year been permi... ting-the open and unconcealed export of lead and sulphur across the frontiers to Russia, her striet neutrality may eLally be called into 4question. Should shc, however, be compelled to choose-between the Western Powers and their' enemy, I do not tbink that, in spite of the tendencies of-t be Court, her.material interest andpopular feeling will eveallow her to join herforces to those of Russia. I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, I ANENGUSI TRAVELTER IN PRUSSlA. I Tribsus, near Stralstid, Dec. 28.
-O THE zEDITOB OF THE TIErS. u 4 Sir,-As one who has lad considerable experience ofe differentiart of Turkey, I can testify to the correctniess of General lakemau's observations inl7Th Tires -of . December 29 as to thieimportauce, immediate and ulterior,'of enlist, ing in on 6ou tinfta tayAhsof the different-racesm Thereeinste,~ 'iowever, 1vithin the Sultan's. dominionw!anotherelement'no less vilble for the objects proposed, namely, the pokimltionof the Danubian principalities. WalIachia. and Moldavia s.ill: form part of that Ottoman empire the integrity of w ch~welhaveuncdertalkento maintain Their*inhabitants-. I speak of the middle and loviarer'clan, :ana isot' of the corrmVt ?hilo-Russian aristocracy-are more in-- tiOgent thianffie Turl-s tfiemselves, nmorersto y than the Greeks, more warlike than the Jews aud Anemnians,. ana physically finernsen than any of tem. Thoug n t.a. pugnacious people, they are brave. The Wallachianartil-- .lery, pressd into the Russian service, distinguisied itelf atthe siege of Sliaia. The' Danubian' peasant ig hardy-. aid endrng, jet accustined to obey. Any one n ho baa-: seen -dissciplined cops of them iill admit thattlcy have a. fuinn and soldierlike bearingad Th'e~ ulate ~iik'f all Wallachuins and Moldteas: sntelThgeut er.~g to eomprehend 'theit-posihos5 is ti onn il ujuin'ction, Wpif 'jble, iith- thekindx'ed~ snibattaist of Be&airnbsa, 2in mndepenident 2Zeo-Itin ldngdosi .-Ii'c6'while, every man of them,-WIoseerson, ambin' er lo e of gahtlsas not rende'ed hi- subservient tb Ruteun -in_ fluence, prefers being itnihutary to the Sulmri Tfih'n ser vant to ,he{C=ar. 3f searesere taken fortiThng i) 161'.do-Waif the men ire assuted of legarpky ana kind I-reatsind, thsey would, under British offls, li found Wo3nake stedyefficientand?eliahlOsoldiers!ortheJ r poceS of the presentr. -Their iturlyhostlle foeeliiisgt Itussiawould benro - ed;cO fid5 nce&fthffiiiO c in the friendship of thoWesiefn owers *oild soon put aii 'i end to themr';Uowtjsted fears of theMuswovitoI*Poer Tus these old SEoiiicolonies, -whether they Teiainid de-. r peiaden oi the Forte dr net5 might bccome once mnore-what - thyfrelieefi bulak of the Ce&tipolhBita ' m*onirea;inattbzebordesof nco theninaiders - ~; i - ., lam. Sir, yours bediently, e AN E7GLIHTRAWEIXTE - .1ndon, D-e 3S1. The Chancellor of the Exchequer ACkno1edWe the rcept of VS3. for income-tax erroneopsly retu7ned from "X. X. X2" -
INDIUAND CHINA- [A portion of the folLwing appeared in our second edition ef yesterday:-] We hiave'received our private correspondence and journals from Bombay of the 3d of December; Calcutta, 22d of November; and Hongkong, 15th of November. The -followving is the letter of our Calcutta corresDondtent "CALCUTTA, Nov. 22. "The collision so long expected in Oude has occurredfat last. At the date of my last letter Ameer Alec, the fanatic Aloulavie, lay encamped, with about 3,000 followers, at Daryabad. This place lies betw-een Ltcknow and the great temple of :aunoonian, about 35 nioPes from each. The Royal troops, some 12,000 in number, were encamped further down the rbad, between the :Moulavie anld the temple. In this attituid they remained: for about ten days, the boulavieunwilling to stir-;without reinforcements, and the Kings officers. fettered by the absence of definite instructions from Luok-now. Mleanwhile every kind of intrigue was put into motion. The Lieuteniant, of the district, a bitter partisan of the Moloulavie, endeavoured to secure him a rescript from Lucknow, authorizing him to build a mosque upoII the site of the llindoo temple. For himself, he pltundered the King's Treasury to supply the fanatics with food. The Durbar, on the other haind, thoigh sympathizing with the Mussulmans, dreaded the Hindoos, who are known to be in Oude the more powerful of the tvo. It dreaded still more any occiurrence whiich would offer an excuse for British interference, and betweeni its conflicting apprehlensions lost all -sense of selfrespect. Orders were issued one day, to be recalled the next. Tihe -Moulavie was threatened with death. He was implored to visit Lucknow. He was to .be sLhin wherever he could be found. He was to be caressed as the vindicator of an outraged faith. At lengtih the vacillation gave way; the danger ofj Britisli interferenioe overmame even fanaticisu, and Captain Barlow conveyed to the camp the order for the sla1ghter of the Mloulavie. It was more easily issued than obeyed. The Mussulnians in the I-Mig's service were knowrn to be di.,affected, and it was believed wvould at the first shot go over to the enemy. The .atillerymen were still morv deeply implicated, and it was probable that the order to advance would be answered by a universal mutiny. Fortunately, Captain Barlowv mlder-stood his position and his men. Slowly and quietly the Hindoos of his regiment were separated from their comrades. A few- guns, six I believe, were initrutsted to Hindoo gunners. The Mussulman glnners were despatched on different errands, aiid at last Captain' Barlow had about five companies on whoni he could rely. The supplies of food grnanted by treachery were peremptorily stopped, and at last, on thc 7th of iNovember, the 3loula-ie, urged on by the cries of hismen, terminated the situation. By a forced nmarch he gained a point in advance of Captain Rarlovw, and streamed along the road to the great temple. Leaving all the Mu ssulunans behind thenm, Captain Barlow and his picked corps started in ptursdit. They overtook the Mlahomedans some seven nilles in advance, and the engagement commenced- with a show-er of grape. Ameer Alee fell wounded at the first discharge, but his Pathauls mad with fanaticism, charged, sword in hand, straight up to the nmuzles of the guns. Whl%ilc the day wv.as stiU doubtful, they were attacked from belhind. The Hindoo Zemindars, all along the road, had assembled their retainers,- and appeared at the critical moment in overwhelming force. The Pathans saw the day was lost, but they had come for death in the cause of Islani, and they died, fighting shoulder to shoulder, round the gu s. The King's Mussulman troops, enraged at the annmer in wvhich they had been checkm.ated by Captain Barlow, drew their swords on thei.r indoo comrades, and the tumuilt was only suppnressed byan order dispersing the regunents to diffetent and distant statiors. I must not forget one incident of the engagement. It illustrates the passionate zeal of the two parties even better than the death of the Pathans. One 1lussulman ginner accompanied Captain Barlow. Though all alone, he refused to fire on his co-religionists, and was sabred on the spot. About 200 Hindoos and 300 Pathals perished on thte field. " According to my letters from Lucknow, the danger is not yet over. The falen are regarded as martys, and the ditch into w-hich the bodies were thrown is lyIed the 'Martyr's Grave.' The Prime linister has been threatened with death, the sentries at his gate have been cut down, and an outbreak is considered possible in Lucknow itself. The revenue has fallen to nothing. The Durbar are afraid to employ force for its collection, and this year it will reach scarcely 3W700.00.; aand otit of these 30 lacs, 80,000 'soldiers,' as the rabble are styled, have to be paid. Daryabad is utterly desolate. Every house has been unroofed, every hoard of grain taken aNwy, every woman subjected to the insults of the ICng's forces. The end of all this cannot .be far distant, and troops are accumjulating at Cawnpore. As this is the frontier station, the assemblage of an army of 16,000 men including three European regiiments, is considered proof positive that ulterior measures areintended. "s s I informed you would be the case, martial law has beenat length declared in the Santal districts. The reasons for this step will, of course, notbe explained until wve have a Santal blue book} it is, howvever, understood that Colonel Low yielded first; he wras followed by Messs Grant and Peacock, and ~a the .10th instant the proclamation appeared. "The SantaLs, it is expected, will yield, antd it will then be necessary for the Legislature to act before they can be punished as they deserve. They have not, however, yielded yet, and, accordina to the latest accounts, treat the proclamation asa bradtcnfulmen, like the menace which accompanied the former offer of pardon. Brigadier Llovd, however, is advancing down the Grand Trunk road, and additional troopsare on their march from the north-west. The irregula;r cavalry will soon settle the business. Savages never facehorsemen, and when pursued by the troops they mulst cress valleys where the cavalry can act. I mutst correct one popular mistake. The Santals are not men of the hills. They hold the valleys at the foot, and are detested by the hill menc.. Indeed, had a rewtard been offered for their heads ast the beginning of the revolt not a Santal would have been left alive. Of course, no such policy ill be adopted, but the hatred of the mountaineers will always prevent the Santals from taking refuge in the hills. There has as yet been no engagement, and no offer of submission. The sentence of which I spoke in my last has not yet been promnulgated, nor will it be until the arrival of Lord Dalhojusie restores energy to the Administration.- " It is, I am informed, a fact that Herat has been tak-enby thePersians. It is also a fact that some of the most far-sighted politicians in India consider the interference of the British Government in Persia only a question of time. Herat isthe key of Northern India. Any first-rate Power in possession of that fortre&sscan pour an army through Afbghanistan into thevalleyof Peshawr:theymightbe attacked by the mountaineers, they might lose their baggage and part of their artillery, bUit they would arrive, and it is- their- arrival rather than their strength that we have cause to dread. The restless Mussulmans of the north would hail with delight. anything which promised them excitement and a change of masters. If that s anything' came in the shape of a Persian army of Mussuinans led by Russian officers the ex- citement might reach a point most dangerous to our supremacy. It is true the invaders would be annihilated before they had croased the Indus but in the interim we- might have Northern India to reconquer. Such are the views which I know to be current among men who deserve a hearing, and -who wiwl have no small share in determining the jolicy to be ultimately adopted. " The means of preventing such a result is obviously to compel the Shah to resign his conquest. TMi coercion can be exercised witlout difficulty. We have sufficient men, guns, and ships on the Bombay side to throw a force of 15,000 men into Bnshire in six -weeks from the issue of the order. The Commander-in-Chief of the Bombay Army is active, experienced, and comparatively young. To a force so composed and so led the Shah has literally nothing to oppose. He has no infantry who would cross bayonets with the Sepoys, no cavalry whom Colonel Jacob and his Scinde horse would not ride downlike corn. He must yield, as he yielded before, and give back Herat to its chief, a man who performs for Central-Asia the function performed by the Sultan in Europe,-viz., holding -a city too important to be trused tX any one with power to employ it eapabilities. Our Persian diplomacy, as you are aware, is not directed from Calcutta. If it were, Russia would soon. cease to, exercise such paramount influence at Teheran.- But I cannot think that even the British Government wille view unoved in occurrence which may oone day place the keys of Central Asia iR the hands of the Emperor of Russia.- "Perlhaps tlhe most important occurrence of the fortnight is the ' declaration of independence' onthe part of tthe Indian Legislature. The Board of Control, as I mentioned last mail, ordered the Legislative -Council to repeal certain clauses of Act 8 of 1855, and to pass Qther clauses in conformity with their instructions. The Chief Justice resisted this dictation, but - the recess which intervened prevented the Council as a body from expressing its opiniori. It has fullfilled the omission and formally refused to obey. MIr. Peacock, who acted as spokesman on the occasion, declared that if such orders could be issued no honourable mam would continue to hold the appointment of Member of Council. He refused, therefore, even to bring in the bill. It would appear ccrtain that the Council is legally in tlhe right, and strong hopes are e3pressed that Parliament will refuie to support Mr. Smnith in his attempt. to override its own act. The question excites some interest, and this not only from its intrinsic importance. Anglo-Indians detest English interferenZc. Orders from home upon suclh subjects are ustially ridiculous, and sometimes most oppressive. " The Governor-General leavesMadras for Pegue on the 15lth instant. After a brief visit to Rangoon and Negrais, where he is to determine the site 'for a new city, he returns to Calcutta. He is expected on the 30th instant, and the work already cut out for him will occupy the whole remainder of his time. " A proclamation prohibiting the export of saitpetre, except to England, has given little satisfaction. It emanated from home, and is considered oppressive and unnecessary. Tlhe Americans, who are large buyers, arr especially indignant. "The Mission to Ava has returned, but its result has not yet been made known. It is understood, howtever, that the Kig has made no concessions, and signed no treaty, and that he is more than ever under the- influence of the warlike heirapp,arent. The only fruit of the mission will be some additional information as to the condition of the upper provinces of Burmnah." " The Calkdeta Gezette of the 10th inst. contains the followhig proclamation "Whereas certain persons of the tribe of Santals and otlhers, inhabitants of the Rajmahal Hills, of the Damun-iKob, and of certain perguninahs in the districts of Bhaugulpore, Moorshedabad, and Becrbhoom, and owing allegiance to the British Government, are, and for some time past have been, in open rebellion .gainst the authority of the Government; and whereas soon after tlh first outbreak of the said rebellion a proclamation vwas issued offering a free pardon to all who should come in and submit w ithin a period of ten days, except ringleaders and persons convicted of murder, nohNithstanding which act of clemency the great body of the rebels have not asailed themselves of the offer of mercy thus held out, but continue in rebellion,-wherefore it has become necessary, for the speedy and effectual suppression of this rebellion, that advantage should be taken of the season to commence systematic operations against the robels, for wldhu purpose it is expedient that martial law should be declared, and that the finctions ofthe ordinary criminal courts of judicature should be partially suspended in the said districts; "1 I It is hereby proclaimed and notified that the Lieutenant-Governor of Bengal, in the exercise of the authority given to him by Regulation X. of 1804, and with the assent and concnrrence of the President in CounciL does hereby establish martial law in the following districts-that is to say,- "'So much of the district of Bhaugulpora as lies on tho right bank of the river Ganges; "'So much of the district of Moorshedabad as lies on the right bank of the river Bhagiruttce; "'The distnict of Beerbhoon ; and that the said Lieutenant-Governor does also suspend the functions of the ordinary criminal courts of judicature within the districts above described vith respect to all persons, Santals and others, owing allegiance to the British Government; in consequence of their either hasing been born or being resident within its territories and under its protection, who after the date of this proclamation and w ithin the districts above described shall be taken in arms iu open hostility to the said Government, or shall be taken in the act of opposing by force of arms the authority of the same, or shall be taken in the actual commission of any overt act of rebelion against the state. "'And that the said Lieutenant-Governor does also hereby direct that aU persons, Santals and others, owing allegiance to the British Government, who after the date of this proclamlation shall be taken as aforesaid, shall be tried by court-martial;* and it is hereby notified that any person convicted of any of the said crimnes by the sentence of such court will be liable, under section 3, regulation 10, of lS04, to the imnmediate punishmnent of death."' The following is the letter of our Bombay corres,pondent: "BOMBAY, DEc. 3. " A report which reached Bombay just after I last wrote, and which was at first received throughout India with incredulity, stands now fully confirmed; and it may be announced as a fact that Herat has been captured and annexed by the Persians. There was a time, 18 years ago, when a similar attempt on the part of the reigninge, Shah, made under the influence of Russian diplomacy and his own lust of conquest, was thought by the rulers of India to be of sufficient importance to warrant an armed interference in the affairs of Central Asia, and the presence of a British force in the defiles of Affghanistan. Then the tidings of the fall of Herat were daily looked for, and with the gravest anticipations. Bu--as in these days, and against a more formidable enemy, at Silistria and Kars-the place was saved by British energy and skill, and the public attention, long riveted on its gallant defence, was turned to observe, first, the successes and then the overwhelming disasters of the En'glish army of occupation. The fear of an invasion of India, then so prevalent, has long since been allayed by a calmer view of the difficulties that must attend it; nor at this juncture, when the Czar has so much on his hands in Western Asia and Eastern Europe, is it likely to be revived. The news therefore that Herat has falen into the hands of its old enemy will probably at the present day meet with little attention in England. Yet, as indicating the designs of Persia-whether with or without Russian prompting-against a country of which the-chief has lately become our ally, it is not unworthy of notice ; and I shall proceed to give you the-accounts of the event that have reached us from Cabul,. premising such facts in the situation and his- tory bf the town as may make the connexion of its, fiilers -with :Dost :Mahomed on the one hand and Persia on the othermore inteligible. Herat is situate in a fine: open plain, just -within the western boundary'of Afghanistan. In a strategical point of view itsposition is interesting- and remarkable. -By it lies the only route from the north-west to the frontiers of India practicable for any army of formidable strength, and attended by a well appointed train of artillery. Hence the town has been designated the gate of India. At the commencement of. the present century Herat and its territory formed part of the Afghan empire of Zeeman Shah, grandson of that -Ahmed Shah who broke the 3Mahratta power at the bloody battle of Paniput i. 1761. The Royal family belonged to the tribe of the Suddozyes, whose rivals in the State were the great clan of the Barukzyes, with, at their head, Futteh Khan and his twenty brothers, one of the youngest of whoma was Dost -Mahomed. -.Futteh Khan became Wuzeer, and proved the Maire du Palais of the Boi fainiant, Shah Zeeman. It is the old story of Asiatic dynasties. The King fell, but in the struggles that ensued with his family Fatteh Ehan was barbarously murdered. FPinally, however, the Baruze brothers remained triumphant, and by 1823 had partitioned the country among thlemselves, Dost Mahomed, whose abilities had raised him to the foremost place among the brethren, obtaining Cabul as his r.hare. One corner of their old empire alone remainedto the fallen Suddozye race. This was the city and territory of Herat, held, in spite of the B3ark-zyes, by Shah Mahomed, a brother of Zeeman, and his son, Prince Kamnran. The latter had succeeded his father, and was ruling Herat with one YarMahomed for hisWuzeer, when, in 1837, the Persian army appeared before the town. Inspirited by the courage and examnple of Lieutenant 'E:ldred Pottinger, of the Bombay Artillery, the place sustained a 10 months' siege, which ended in the retreat of the Persians. Shah Eamran remained in possession until his death, when the WWuzeerYar Msahomed, long the virtal, became the actual ruler, and at his decease transmitted his power to his son, Mbhomed Said Khan. - "It is from this chief that Herat has now been wrested by Persia, and, - according to one report, in the follo*ing manner :-Mahomed Said, alwayg a slave to his passiois, had of late bvcome more grossly abandoned than ever, and was i.i an almostconS :tinualstate.of intoxIAtion. His personal followers, availing themselves of I1i condition, perpetrated at their leisure and unrepresasd all the crimes'that can be committed by lawless men against the persons and the property of their neighbours. Atlast the evil becameintolerable, andpetitionsfrom all ranks of the people were forwarded to Teheran, entreating the Shah to interfere for their protection, to dethrone MIahomed Said, and annex Herat to his own empire. The King assented, and despatched orders to an officer in his serviceno other than a Prince of the Royal Affghan race of Siuddozyes, by name Yusuf-to conlCert measures with the Persian resident at Herat for taking possession of the city. Al was easily arranged. The envoy was in the habit of riding out daily for coisiderable distances, attended by a large escort, and often returning after dark. One day he wias joined by Yusitf, with 4,000 horse, 'who accompanied him baek to Herat. The gates, as usual, were opened to receive him. Yusuf and his men entered, despatehed the guiard, and, with the aid of the citizens, wiho were in the plot, possessed themselves of the treasury and the citadel. Mahomed Said, surprised over Ids cupS, was taken and imprisoned, and Prince Yusuf proclaimed himnself chief, as vassal of the Shah. "The news of the fall of Herat reached Dost Mahomed in the shape of rumours from, TurlLstan and Candahar, and is said to have given him considerable uneasiness. The acquisition of powver in Aff,hanistan by one of the Suddozye family can hardly fail to be displeasing to him, and of the designs of Persia he seems to have enteltained suspicions for some time. We are told that somo monthls ago he opened conummications with.1Iahomed Said, wvarning him to bewvare of his neiglhbour, and offermin him, if he should require it, assistance, both military and pecuniary, even though he should have to procure it from his allies, the English. The chief of Helat, however, who was, as usual, intoxicated, tre.ted w,ith scorn botll advice and offer, and grossly insulted the messenger, who narrowly escaped with his life. The Ameer, naturally incensed, left him to his fate, and, now that the event he anticipated has happened, he fears that the hands of Persia will be strengthened by the homage of his brother at Candahar. At that city the attempt to which I alluded in a former letter of Mahomed Sadik, son of the late chief Kohun Dil Khan, to exclude fiom the succession his uncle, Rahum Dil Kihan, had failed, and the old chief, senior by some years to Dost hIahomed, has expelled his nephew, and remains in quiet possession. The Ameer's chance of acquiring Canldaha.r is therefore gone for the present; and, with the Persians pressing him in the west, and the prospect of his brother failing him in the soutlh, it seems not unlikely1that he may apply to his new alhies for aid. lVhether, if such a requiest be made, cireunstances wil allow of and justify a compliance with its terms, seems but little probable. " I mentioned in my last that a telegraphic message had just reached Bombay, to the effect that Aineer Alec, the fanatical leader in Oude, had fallen in an encounter wiith the King's troops. Ful accounts of the action have since arrived, from which it would appear that the religious character of the movement was so far preserved to the end that it was by the King's Hindoo Sepoys exclusively that the Moulavie and his followers were overthrown, and that they were designedly selected for the purpose. On the 3d of November, while the insurgenits were stiU at Daryabad, Captain Barlow, an officer in the service of the King, arrived from Lucknow to take command of the Royal troops, who occupied the road by wlhich the MIoulavie would have to advance upon the Hindoo temple. He brought with him an order for the head of the arch rebel, the arrival of which was notified to Arieer Alee by a messenger from the camp, who at the same time conveyed to him a recomnuendation to surrender himself and disperse his followers. This advice, though backed by the opinions of many of his principal partisans, the Moulavie steadily rejected. Hostilitiesbeingthus inevitable, Captain Barlow prepared for them by quietly and on various pretexts weeding his force of aU Mfussulman officers and soldiers, till there remained in the ranks but one gunner of that persuasion only. He thlen, to force the enemy to an engagement, harassed his foraging parties, and at last completely cut off his supplies. At leng th, finding actual starvation staring himn in the face, the Moulavie determined on the final step, and, separating his force into small portions, he prescribed to them various lines of march, all uniting at a point in the rear of the King's troops, and on the road to the temple at Fyzabad. The plan was at first successftul, and the fanatics, having met at the appointed rendezvous, were in full march for the temple, when they were oveltaken by Captain Barlow, who had followed them with all speed. The King's guns at once opened with grape. The one Mahomedan gutnner, purposely giving anl undue elevation to his piece, was cut down by his Hindoo fellowv-soldiers. Ameer Alee fel severely wounded, but his folRowers, consisting chiefly of Pathanls or Aflghans, were only stimulated by his loss, and with desperate courage charged,sword in hand, right up to the guins and began to sabre the artillerymen; but, attacked in the rear 'by a neighbouring Rajpoot chief, whose men in- moving up despatched the wounded Moulavie, they were cut to pieces among the guns to the number of 400, and the rouit of the insurgents was complete. "Thushas fallen Ameer Alec, but, inasmuch as he met his end by Hindco and not Mahomedan soldiers, fears are entertained that the evil he has done may live after him.- We are told that while the whole of his followers were buried indiscriminately in one large pit, his body received separate burial as the relics of a martyred saint, over which men are talking already of erecting a mosque. At Lucknow the excitement among the Mlussulman part of the population is reported as violent in the extreme. The King, alternating between puerile follies and gross debauchery, cares for none of thesethings, thoug,h the life of his Minister is threatened, and the IneU of his sovereignty, it may be, is on the point of striking. Rumours are prevalent of measures with regard to his country about to be concerted between Major Outram and Lord Dalhousie, and of a gathering of forces, including, it is said, no fewer than six European regiments, in the neighbourhood of Cawnpore, and in a, for him, dangerous proximity to his capital. " Turning to the scene of the Santal insurrection, which still deserves to be spoken of as a thing of the present, not the past, the force commanded by General Iloyd marched, according to the arrangements mentioned in mny last, fromBlhagulpore for Raneegunge on the 15th of November. It is his intention to make Soorie his head-quarters during the cold season, while those of Brigadier Birr will be fixed at Berhampore. Although martial law, as I have before mentioned, has been proclaimed, no signal retribution has been inflicted as yet upon the rebels. But, on the other hand, we have heard of few acts of violence on their part of late, and by the last accounts the whole of the western side of the Beerbhoom district is tranqulil ; and it is only on the other side, and especially m the neighbourhood of Mahomed Bazaar, that the rebels appear to be showing any activity. "The British EmbaWsy has returned to Rangoon from Ava, after an absence of more than three months. The Eing was excessively civil and fair-! spoken, and MIajor Phayre's propositions met with i very general assent and approval from the Royal lips. But in the way of writing His Majesty has only committed himself to a letter to the GovernorGeneral, which, after all, is probably as much as was expected from him, though it is said that a treaty was looked for, and might possibly have been concluded, but for the hostile influence of M. d'Orgoni Tne presents taken by the mission are said to have been ill-chosen, and coldly received; and we hear a good deal of servile and ignominious postures assumed by the envoys, and of approaches, bootless in more senses thah' one, through long and dirty anti-chambers to the Royal presence. "Lord Dallhousie reached Madras byrailwayfrom Arcot on the 10th of November, and left in the steam-frigate Feroze on the 17th for Raugoon. While at the Presidency he forwarded to the sheriff a reply to a complimentary address of the inhabitants of Madras which had been trausmittedatohiim at the Neilgherries some months before, butto which he had delayed to give .his full response til his return. The conclusion of the paper is as follows:- "' The time is now near at hand when mycnnexion with this 6reat Eastern empire must be severed. Nearly eight years have passed away since I first set foot on Indian soil, upon theshbra at Madras, and it is froma the shore-at Madras that I now at lenp,th begin to turn m y footsteps homeward. I Ehall hereafter look back with. -pleasing and grateful recollection to the daywher tlhe'inhabitants et MIadras onferred upozr me the bea reward that 'pubko maan can dese-a ing testimony of respect and ap. p-oial from'thc7ee-ffi have ' itneesed thacoure heha 1Dn, vho have long closel .scanned the principles and motives of iris public conduct, and-who haie t!is enjoyed the fulle4 means of rightly judging oi hisgood or i - tion he-dayof LordDa hoie'adeparturefrom Madras. his proclamation on the fall of Sebastopol, whichIsent yuin mylast,wasreadtdthtroops of the garison in English and Hindu i. ' numbers of This proclamation-translatod into Peri.n and Arabic in the former language 5,000, I belfvehave been issued by the local Government here, for transmission to Aden, the Persian Gulf, and Centr&'1 Asia. ,.4 " The amalgamation of the Bengal marine with the Indian navy has been finally arranged, and will take plaie anlmost inumediately. A considerable ncrease will thus ensue in the number of the officers under, the command' of Sir Henry Leeke, and a number of niew appointments -will be created, some of which will require to be filled with officers of standing. At present the want of senior officers is much felt, and it is rarely that even the larger vessels are contnanded by one of higher rank than lieutenant. This want, however, is not to be sup plied by the intended amalgamation, but by a large increase m the number of captai.s and commnanders,, of -whom the former are now limited to eight, the latter to 16. " A Dockyard Brigade is about to be organized out of the Europeim workmen, and volunteers from aUl the departments in the yard have offered theinselves to be ezrolled. The new corps is to be provided -with arms and accoutrements at the expense of Government, and the men are to receive batta when at drill each day. They are to be trained to the use both of smal arms and of a battery of 8-inch guns lately erected on a commanding portion of the sea wall. " Yesterday, Sunday, the 2d, was observed as a day of thanksgiving in the English churches for the successes of the allies in the Crimea, agreeably to the proposition'cointaLiiied in the Governor-General's proclamation. Nor were the natives back-ward in similar te-stimoniads ofgratitude. Hindoos, Parsees, and Mahoinedans all assembled for the piupose in their respective temples, and one Parsee even delivered a lecture to his coreligionists on the blessings they enjoyed under thte British Government, and theslavery andvwretchednessthat would infallibly be their portion if in its place were substittuted the yokce of Russia. " Lord Elphinstone, with Ihis staff, leaves to-morrow by sea for Surat, to make a tour of inspection in Guzerat. He wvill proceed to Alunedabad by wvay of Broach and Kaira, returning through the peninsula of Kattiawvar to Gogo, thence to take steam for Bomb-ay about the middle of next month, so as to mept Lord Canning on his arrival from England. Sir Hery Somerset and the head-quiarter staff of the army conte down from Mahabuleshwar in about a fortnight. " Trade is still in a depressed condition, little or nothing improved since the departure of the lart mail. Freights have sliglhtly advanced. In the money-market the scarcity which has been some tuie anticipated is beginning to be perceptible, and Government sto4k has slightly declined." CHINA. (R.aM OIP. oVN COP.ERSPONDENTr.) HONGKONG, Nov. 15. The London mail of the 10tli of September wvas received on the 26th of October, per steamer Sigapore, which leaves again to-day with the outward mail. Admiral Sir James Stirling and the greater part of his fleet are now here. Commander H. Stirling proceeds home by the present mail in charge of the treaty drawn up at Japan. Of Commodore Elliot and his squadron we have no intelligence, nor any news of interest as regards the Russians in the north. Her Majesty's steamer Barracouta left Shanghai on the 8th of October with provisions and supplies for the Commodore's fleet, but encountered a very severe gale, and, sustaining damage, put back to repair. The Bremen brig Greta, which was captured with 276 Russians on board, has been formally adjudged a prize of Her Majesty's steamer Barracouta. Both vessel and cargo are condemned. The conduct of the United States' Consul, Reenan, at this pOrt has given rise to a somewhat important question, viz., the right of Great Britain to take cogniuzance of crimes and misdemeanours committed on board American ships in British possessions. The Consul, supported by the United States naval authorities, denes British juisdiction, and in defianice has committedan offence, for which he has been tried in our police-court, found guilty, and remitted to the criminal sessions. Our local papers contain the particulars. The French Minister, his Excellezncy 31. de Bourboulon, proceeds on leave to Eiurope by the present steamer. Chinese political affairs remain much as before. Of the rebels in the north we have no definite intelligence. In the Kwangsi and Oonam provinces, however, they are said to maintain their position, and their proximity occasions some anxiety in the Canton district, and materially injures trade. A large Mleet of boats collected outside thle Bogue, but retired before the Imperial force sent against them, and their present position is not exactly known. Rice is cheaD and plentiful. Imports have been somewhat dull, but, holders being firn, prices are higher, or maintained, and a rmoderate business has been done. Money is scarce in native hands. The tea market has been active during the month at about fornerprices, except formedium descriptions of new Congous, which are 2 to 3 ts. lower. For the finer kinds exorbitant rates are demanded. Fine scented capers are scarce, and inquired for. In raw silk nothing has been done. Freights are looking down, and tonnage abundant. The British ship Invincible, from Shanghai to London, with a full cargo of tea and silk, ran into and sank the American ship A. Cheseborough during a squall at sea. Only one life was lost, and the Invincible put in here ina sinking condition. Nearly all the tea cargo is damaged, but the greater part of the silk has been saved. The Burlington leaves to-morrow for London, vil. the Cape of Good Hope, conveying invalids of Hier Majesty's 59th Regiment, under charge of Lieutenant Howe. Shanghai advices are to the 7th inst. In imports a large business hadbeen done, principally in barter, and lower prices had been submitted to. Money w as scarce, and exchange higher. In silk only a small business had been done, and the quality of the article is much compLained of, while native dealers are firm. Prices remain much as before. In teas large settlements had taken place at previous rates. Eight vessels, including the Invincible, had left for England. From Foochow we have advices to the 31st of October. The high-class congous had slightly declined, -while the common kinds were dearer. Souchongs, 1 to 2 taels cheaper.* Two ships had sailed for Great Britain, and four were on the berth, also one for New York. Ainoy dates are to the 2d inst. Trade had been very dull. From Manilla we have letters to the 9th inst., mentioning, a very dreadful occurrence on board the American shipWaverley, conveying Coolies from China to Perue. The captain having died, the ship put into Manilis. Some disturbance took place on board, and the Chinese to the number of 460 were driven beloww and the hatches closed. On their being opened again 251 men were found dead ! Our latest date from, England is the 10th of, September. Exchange on England, at Canton, 4s. 9id. per dollar; Shanglhai, 6s. 71d. per dollar. COMgERCIAIL DTELIJGENCE.- CALCUTTA BARKET PJPORT. * (From the Calcua Star, November 22.) Native holydays having again interfered with the course of business, the week under review has not been marLed by any aniniation, and this circumstance, coupled with other ca--s, has confined operations within a limited compass. There has not been any material alteration in the position of our export market; 'supplies of all descriptions of produce,- with one or two exceptions, being rather scanty, prenonsprices have been maintained. Sngar and rice continue to- be the favourite articles, which, however, being scarce and inadequate to the demand, but a limited amount of business has been transacted. Notwfithstanding the occurrene of holyda tranSactions in imports havo been on a fair scale, dealers diplaying more cofdnehn\seprecdfroitime past. The accountSi;r3u the up-country markets continue favourable, L.and, bu.tivthe tightness of our mousy-market5 weq might: hxve beei: able to report a-more fivourable state of affais. The dowunnd tendency of the exchange on Europe vill miost likely reasir itnporters more firm, and cause an haprovement in the v' :e of the principal articles of import. .So4 mptoms-whavhN. -If iipro-yement injhe, monoe market have been visible. Our trade in general is -till suffering from the scarcity of lnoney,Vand we hear inrsome cases parties have been constratned to submit to most exorbitant rates of interest and -discount. . It -is rejprted that acceptanoes have been cashed in the bazaar at over 25 per cent. peraunum, but w.a do not vouch fortiiie correctnees of tho rewort. - - EGxchange;--In consequence of very fewbilbs being offered n gl the foll rate h expetrienced a further deoline, and the following are the existing quotations : Credits 2 Dlocumentl ... ... ~2s2d. to 2 d Creits .. ... ... 2s. 2 ld to 's 2d BakPost BiU3l;s 223. 123d to-2s. I d. OnChina 60 days' sight bills with piwndocumnent have bxeer necotiated at 21lr.o 2l2r. per $10* beard of any transactions on Singaxiore. Freighits.-We have had almost a lull in this department, aLnost nothing having been donen for . Lndon. Duringr tbho week one shi p only was taken up for LAverpool, to eans 900 tns o rice at5S., and 400 tons of jute at -41. The r;tes for all places remain nominaUy the same, although the tenddncy. is downwards. In country freights we have not heard of any transactions of consequence. Indigo.-The market la been quiet. Occasionally a sale or two of small piarcels is reported BOMBAY. (From the Bomnbay Tclegrapih and Courier.) BOMBAY, Dac. 3. During the past fortniight some large- transactions have taken effect,' but without any improvement in prices ; on the contrary, gencraUy depreciated values may bo perceived, particularly in gray shirtings, madapiollams, and T-cloths. Gray yarns, also, do not command the prices previously realized, and are purchased with great caution. Coloured and whitegoeds can only be disposed of at a great sacrifice, so that altogether we consider our import markets to be in a very unsatisfactory state, for even metLs, which have been nported to so limited an e.xtent for years past, do not meet wiBn demand at prices which do not cover first cost and exp enses. .in produce rather more activity has been displayed of late by Europeau firms in making purchases, as the price ofcotton graduially declined. Cofon may now be had at 80r and 82r. per candy for Broach, Surat, Oomrawnttee, and Vingorla, at 83r. 'and 84r. for Dhollerah and Comptah, and 77r. and 78r. for hlangalore. Linseed previonsly contracted for is coining forwardc freely- a small parcel on the spot may be procured at r 14-lor. per cAt., and at the same price may be contracted at for future delivery. Pepper sells at 89r. to 90r. per candy for Butcol quality, and at SI Ar. to 85r. for 3Lalabar. Coffee.-Mocha at 9jr. to 91r.r; Beehia, at llr., and Ma.- labar at 61r. per maund.- Exchange on England has suddenly advanced, having previously had a downward tendency, at 2s. t 7-16d perrupee for best bills at six mouths' sight, at which a large bushiess wasdone- hbut nowv the same bills may be had at 2s. 2.1d., anld good local bills at one-eighth of a penny hiher. - Freights to England have likewise advanced. Vessels to .iverpool now obtain 31. 5s. per ton for cotton, and to London 5C. per ton. To China the rate is 1S1r. per candy. CAN-TON MARKET REPORT. HONTGKONG, Nov. 15. At Canton during the past month the business in manufactures has been done at improved rates; but there is a want of confidence among the native'dealers, arising from the present political state of the cointry, which checks de. mand, and we can only notice limited sales. Cotton is lower. Cotton.-Prices are quoted 3 to 4 mace under those of last month. Bombay, 7.2 ts. to 8.2 ts.; Bengal, 6.9 ts. to 7o. ts.; Madras, 7.6 ts. to 8.3 ts. The sales are stated at 9,600 bales. At Amoy the market was dulL Cotton Yarn.-About 500 bales have been quitted. Quotations are for Nos. 16-24, $25 70c. to $25 80c.; Nos. 28-32, $27 50c. to $29 50c.; Nos. 38-42, $30 to $33 50c. Little had been done at Ansoy. Longeloths.-The lower kinds remain about as last quoted, but heavy goods showran advance. About 23,0007peces m al have been disposed of. Grays are quoted at 9 9c. to $2 77e. ; whites, $,2 20c. to $3 Sc. The demand at Amoy was limited. Woollens.-Spanish stripes, 1,100 pieces sold; assorted, 95 . to i 5e.; scarlet, $1 I'3c. to $1 P22c.; long elas, 1,400 pieces quitted; assorted, 1$7 15c. to $7 70T. Metals.-Ir '-ail rod, $3 Oc. t-o $3 45c ; barquzre, $3 5Oc. to $3 90c. ; flat, $3 50c. to $_3 90c. ; round, $3 0 to 3 50c. ; smaU round, S3 to $5; lead, $8 60c. to $8 90c. tin plates, $7 8Oc. to S8 SOc. Rice, $1 oOc. to $1 70c. Tea.-Duringthepastmonth a fair amount of business has been done, and at about former rates, exceptfor medium sorts of new Congous, which are 2 to 3ts. lower. The finer chops are held for extreme rates. The settlements of Congou have been 26 chops, at for-Oopacks, 25 to 28ts. ; Woonaams, 20 to 24Ats. ; and Kisows, 25Ats. Arrivals to date have been 99 chopi and the sales 39 clips. Of country greens,18,000 packages old and7,000 packages new have been received. yson. settled for at 25 to 5ts. - young Hyson, 22 to 37ts.; Hyson skin, 5lto23ts. Foochow advices are to the 25th of October. The better class of Congou was somewhat cheaper, common kinlds were slightly dearer. The settlement had been 15,000 chests and 3,000 half-chests ne,w aid 1,500 chests old Congon. Two vessels had sailed for Great Britain, and tvo for the United States. lb. Export from Cantoes from Ist ofJol 1855. I. 870,OD Shangha, from Ist of July 1855 1.70D,ODD Foochoew, fom Ist of Ju ly5 .. .. 12,200,ND Total. Canton, from us of Jul, 184 to 7t' Of November, 1854.. 2W,0 Sh.nSbaj from 1st of July, 1834, to 4th of 100 DOD *- Feoohow from 1st of July. 134, to 31st of 18,48080 October. 7,50.e00o Total .. 36,DD00,80 Exchange on Englana, for six montiia' bills, 4s. 94dcL on idia, forb paper, 220r. to 224r. per $100. Freights to England, 41. 3hanghai advices areto the 7th instant. The advance in exchange induced holders of imports to realize freely at a reduction on previous rates. There had been large tansactions in tea In silk little done. Longcloths.-Abont 172,000 pieces had been quitted, chiefly in barter. Grays quoted $1 33c. to $1 90c., whites, $1 33c. to $2. Spanish Stripes.-3,560 pieces delivered, principally consistuig of prevous purchases. Good quality quoted Sc. Tea.-l ctions had been very large. A reduction at o,ne time took place in black tea of.} to 1 tadl, but purchases becoming more general, prices advanced to previous quotadions. 148 clope of Congon had boeen taken at from 8 to 17 taels. In greens a moderate business had been done at former rates for the higher qualities and a reduction of 1 to 2 taels on the lower kinds. SiLk-Thehigh prices asked hadchecked business. Quotations were-Tsataee,$ 0(to $S35 for Nos. I and 2; $300 to3 for No. 3; $250 to$290for No.4, Taysaans,fine, 270 to $280; fair to goodL $230to $255; common, $180 to Exchange on England for six Xnonths' biUs. Gs. 7Ad. to Os. 7cL; on India) 30Grs. per $100. Fr'reig,htsto Euglan&-4f fortea and S1. for silk,' SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE. ARIvAs AT HoNOXoXG. At Hoizgkong.-Oct. 15, the Crisis, from liverpooL Nov 7, the Coleroon, from Sunderland; the Ocean Spray (American2, from IAverpool; Nov. U, the Nightingale (American), from London. At Shanghai-Oct. 14, the Sir i. Aercromby, from Hartlepool. DEPAPRTuES FOR GREAT BPITnr. From Whampoa,-Oct. 17, the Xnin er (American), for London; Oct. 27, the Spirit of the Deep, for London; Nov. 13, the John Bunyan, for London. From Foochow.-Oct. 24, the Laggie, for London, From Shanghai.-Oct 3, the Assyrian, for ,ondon; Oct. 16, the Countess of OWinto°n, for Londonr Ot. 23, the Mersey for London; Oct. 25), the Arracan, for Liverpool; Nov. 1, theNa et (American, and the Romance of the Sea (American), for London- Nov. 3, the New Era, for London; the Cambalu, for Liverpool. - Mx-OF-WA& IN CIxsE WATI ES. At Hongkong.-Her Majests ships Winchester, Nanldn, and Pique, Her Majesty's sloop Comus, Her Majesty's schooner Saraegn, Her Majesty's steamers Styx and Coromandel, the United States' steam-frigate Mfacedonian, and the Spanish steamer Elcano. At Macao.-The Portuguese corvette Don Joao L At Whampoa.-Her Majesty's steamer Rattler. At Foo6how.-Her Majesty's sloop Racehorse, -and the United State. sloop Vandnlia. At Shanghai-Her Maiesty's brig Bittern, andthe French steamer Colbert.
. TO T2H EDITOR OF THE TIMBS. Sir,-In u lt e r irncz ofrr L1astTlrht I observe a pa. - graph headled `A Romance of Wi"el.Lif%," extracted from the Bri7t on Exand2wr Had it been confined to that paper, I do not suppose any one woula have cared about the matter, but, as it -has found itO way int-o The Timajc, should be much obliged if you would kdindly insert- this answer to it, as, in the 'words of another dember of the family (to whom I wrote to nake myself quite sure on one or twio points before writing to you), the paragraph "his hardly a feature of truxth in it, although the person who wrtotit evidently inew something of the wairu ssave " e It I tt inc a rrect in the fol n rtars. 1. 'The fatherof the lady rferre'dwtio wa'stniotulabenker in the west of England. 2I The lady was never on the stage or before the] public in any way whatevex' 13. Her first husbandl never livedl in the same towrn with -her family, or within 100 mifles of it, and he had only on6 daughter-not three, as is stated. 4. They never lived ins .5.Hersecndhusbancld n;~t visit at the house, and didl not eveh know her Iduring her first husband's life, nor for nearly three years after his death. 6. He did net "s9ave her from a watery grave;" -he was siot e-ven in the neighbourhood at the timae., 7. As he was what is called a "1Tractariasi" bef ore he married her, he did not, "as it issaid, at the instanoe of his 'wife, abandon the Low Church for the, HighChurch Rarty."1 * I am S~, our obdientservant. A .MK51ER OF TH FAV1TT. Uea. bOL 1'.:s,l nI at no loss to conjQturo wlho is the writte, r wht aro his motive I . o
SALES BY AUCTION ?Mondaynextn3iFarm,Mlttchm.SmrcY.-ToGcntleien, Florists, Nmsermm anothemHouseold Furniture, Greenhoes Plants, and G-areten Implements. ~~,JIX. MARSh,aai ltVe frmn, hits received inWVkstc tgions tgo SELLby VAMITION,h oen the Premi1ses,6 B i ggm Farm, Mitchatm, on Monday next, Janua .t11 forl2gpeesey, the eellection of about 1,20D valuable GEXENIIOUSE PLANT, including choice canmellias, aralias, cacti, geraniums, and other plants; also the remiaining Household Furniture, including mahogany four-pogt bedsteads capital bedsand bedding, two walnut centre tables, ma:hogany sideboard, set o!dl,mlg tables, clbsirss sofa, Isrussels carpets, kitchen utensils garden rollers implements, and effects. May be viewed the Saturday pror, and catalogues obtained on the premises; and at Mir. Xarsh'somfces, 2,Charlotte-row. N.B. For the sale of the valuableiive and deadfarmlng steel,smeseparate advertisement. Biggin Farm, Mitchaem, Surrey.-Importa.nt Sale of valuable LAve Wand Dead Famn Stock. MR.MA S has beern favoured with instructions Mto SEL b AUCPIO IT, on the Premises Bliggin Farmi, Ilitchamn, on Tielynex,Jm8 at 10 for 11 (in consequence of the W e r hvg le-ob, Z amll a the valuable LIV~E and DEAD SUGSTOCIM comprisin seven valuable cart horses, four ditto weltladapted for lIghttown work, a pai of carimigo horses,four dil3les, a handsome bay gelding a roancoDIt, six relih cows, a fat ditto, eight short-horned heifers weV-got clover and old meadow hay, 40 quarters of oats, 150 tons of mangold wurtzel, 12 sews, £0 sueling pigs, 24 store gyif, two hoars (part Fisher Hobbs' breed), -agn at,wter cart, Rasmesa and Busby's p=lhns harws,cltvto,crn. drilling miachine, corn and manure drll ron and wood land rollers Crosldils patent eled-crihing mac-hine, weIghing machiine, cartand plough har- ns,turke% eese, ducks, useful timber fit for Wheelwrights, carpen. tem - wood oak posts and slabs, stack poles and cloths, a donble-seated broughaim,phaeton, double and sinigle sets of barn;., Bardimlabrdls, ne andtmishclaeosbefets labote 1,0I hoco greehous plats,ucu obnr fram es, hadtihats ae fwlo ohuSE-L Eeholeuntmiture,an nuiter of usm.isCelanpeoutes. Cotyabe Fiafrewed thedsyreedgad f ostEumoinofsl,adaaoeotiedth PHILLIPS wi arrSEwLy':adtth oUCTIOes ofhi Ma :rsh utiRornec Newt andoandstaeent, THI ChArlotte-ro2, ansion-e hose. orawillme frwardedu oUNIUE apitioncld. ,speirda Broorandsuit inoearodNanDtaigh Cheshire,lte the r e sidenes of Charle bes oer to annuchdeoothatve wietr ll SELL by AUTION by drecton ofthe sstherso aipth,aerPreises 400etofPlt dozen oftexceedingly valual W wnes, Chlate chnda. glssocrlaes anet ffecntiTa. On vi-roewrtwoda genrortolte s,and cataogus td, ach obaind a th prncial rnsin thes-A nihourn tows, nda M. Mrshs ffies,2. srloto-2w ManCHSion-house. Ex Gnenuinie Houitesbofd Furntains, Ca &tQCotg.iaoots Glasse, OrnmentaItems,Platoand Jate Ware and1 Effects, rhe- move fro Doret-Dasne. lor MESSRPHLLI. wll ELRan bOSY wUCil, SEt hbs .Y grAt- Roms, ONewn z Rod-sre,THSDY Jan.ur .a o eci 2, at.l the, roomsute[ ~& ae in reoo,cotg panofornte o by he midan.wsites o cur taNe, chars aynd tcoceovetred-tomatc, 20 1'd eoaie Woblecs cloweds, bukc-, SpaWenisdahogany pedestay prie; exthendn dinin Ctabloges, largbe habitmne-gse, Cspleandidf Asmninster and oHerscrets, ai servic Camialadene-obws,-Four-pot and raianL bdted, abe-ootie and aashtables,cest of dlraers, b rasemen Nwroqiitsadricso cnA.ndgBOs,Tn waious SE LLe May bAUeCeTIONypvontes to tesal, ad caalogested,c- ew~ noble etnfd-road.-Furntui-roeray.o't'genlea on he remsm heWbie Hrse'W it,Hris-laeStLep ey foars thendrileciasrod.,To-morrow, to!If cJanuary 3, , dmshfor Is, thea urns,e caTTndle Po 2MR ,cnsn o abe Mayuntwer virewedonbern, ie.hndoe.pnihmao Genuinet,etd i Househl furitureg, Hete orse Cart, meso. t th. HAWtKeo IcuL roi(G wiap SELrt ioom, n ,ro,E nldn 6,bl whindoowhmcurtis,onmental giam, krintchen ut6 ensils, ac lag gared irowcashe,d.;wlorkbechouestnut mxe,sarndfes,crts.addle, Ie Oiewedn cthloueshaatster2hndmring ofsae;and ctthalcoguTes baad.ic-. court. GraDamagd Flour 'ToIESrS. FULLIhWeR and HoRS;_en. wilr:g SaeLLb NOBEJillSEL.b AUCTION o rdyJnay , at 2Gow3peisl,at-th M IwTavern Coareehouse, ionhlots, o 'TEount ofY tieanderwrites 52 IAtoRsoL AgbtEtICN,ifLatt (dqameaged, et MagrtEans olg f~rom Newd Yor, lhaing satcklevenc-hrf 20oe, shesaddThamels.Tobo viwhedi buk, onWdnegsda and Tnahursday pnrevios 5lte ale. Cfataeont 6 cnsamdencs Ne-owf-Furnitur, dxucansof Paoormls, 1cand Effets lijead3csksoli meoORENo avnd a TMPeri' wbarl SELL Svoby .LtYAUCTeONmonsn frmthe Premies o, theEnochancresseent, cloet Camewn-tonth statio, To-morrow,g Jan c,atal12,e thc HOySehOada EFFECTays;incldn hme pedagte efINbes1, iu koewodcars,uand eas charoncrisoand damask,maogers dining teables, chirs, saefa brlon thoed Procae 2pianofor e bylrastoo,scretais cawrpts, T kithenreqisies,andsvoern dleSanshefowlsr. TIewpWensesday an onn fsl.Catalogues on the premises and a f.GH.Arte ito offiMesss Morell and Themple,s rauteioneers,od, 84, Boand ed-ocrstret,rcity. mih Residnce ndEfe. tso.Xo.a22moNot-tinrraceplaow-BryeeDne ALG4BODTHsinstiteLLby AhFeuCtIoston the W ItePremises,,laeont-trrdace, New-rady1, onl treviosly el, pousela carpets gian l o andM co3yardatable,rofasmaognty clhairs, gelases,tcefomp er.AOUbian bhedsteaods,feamther bed-adclbeddogohan- seineingd warderobn Fhurntsre nofodrawer lt rils, chmeunTue, ainds kitchaenreqiie, fMayb37o vieedth budayn polums, an moanting of sae,spandcaaegus hn erielon th Tremises Iatnd ofrepAbahf We,Ooth,e Fit1i n ittins-end-rothe-Frnctsr ndFttns LRI COBERT FRBERD will SELL,a byisUCToom, ne r teaMile-end-road,T-morrow, Thursday. Janur 3, at 11 for 12,pe the Furnida,ture of clbromJapuaroom an5-MdproFurs,itrancluding tabe, chars couhes heimis ey glses0rit, seoersr% Taimes benche, IreUc, ; newr iro lahs work. bVEnc oSeFixRD anid efCts. Ma bELvewd and caaloUCTIONdas epaboeo salt andfr1o athucoiountolf tc umesW rwiof 'To Iosmoreets'T Build elers, Oi,undblishrse 'xnt-leM Sae. lAR. t toB[ALE by All ON SELL nbyAUCTIOe At Gaeea. ,LVA ay'sCoffehoue, Crshil TIS DY,tJrm. 2, about 520 g.'T,ionus anw14 csksof-pownt, sixicansmofei Fursishur14 rhinsksafwit viewe Gnlithes srunnale,o pOducing a caalge. which3 mayscelhadeoat Efeto, Groersad froesernokgetreFt,ture Dvealers, aand others M usH.mvoTn wl SL byARI AUCTIOL, byAco. ttergetRon omorrow, January3ya I th EAEo capitlBSNS R-I ehgale mopportnit forapers combzsgark rawinguies Also suthe stock-d inol-tradeuandtfixret,f grcerabndts cheteoserong.cheB premises mncay be viEeweodanydtme prior, and, testock and oofiolturessmorningofsae. Caalgesod teprmse;adaM. .HMrtnsucinoee pwhere telaem yb nsectd, 84 oanyd 85, Cwroom.-sbare, Smith-of poedof) h oinginltLAS felyas goudrraent, of thellxcelencomacllOfl. te scodforath Ne-rad,clseandrk Rish:e&ortford, Great HaLliaghury, &ad To She Esaex.-Treehol4_ an Tah prtde n Sffo M SS~ FAREBRGTHm.CAl~~ Y Jan,l2 1856 I& I for- ,nIt rlaesal fessol~ made' byavate con~acma REHL)ad ml BishpStotror, aniThole cntating boit75 acres, lto es to-homs Gche, Fq.at~5 e annum- Uiree Freehold Ctae, £34 Os.~erannm; nd altShos,in he ren wth gtwa n sion, situate on the eust ieoSut-tetashtrmoefmte foroner, coonsistlnof treraugs of buildi0,e dnt h tr eeSopf aitbgua te n eare5ihf~1 o,Eskona r. teGerge Buishpltding teSn afoWadno Fredeemec) Fairr,Re. oictrDcc.i FarmngBuingngI-EUs,itoete andbout 600acrsl one yb i Ruderand Whibbfe, with ebxten o I mCiheoreadrdeemd);hlo Se. rfordug an Brjenhthan XLY. are instructed b h xctr ftelt onB olot Req., to SELL by AUTO,at th wnIn lteu,o T-uesary'2, e ath dA on Jatnusl Ioat, (unlesean acceptable offe grisoesl mae byplrivate contract,) vher foowngluable FREEOL OLDTATETE, consisting of the Mano, or, utead Mano, ofWapitheill, oberingeCxensiv Wathouiv caitlharfms, rithgllde Peaise lt onaw brde, Rank Fa.ooprm. ith wel-acutoml0edrpublm-houe,a Cndct CouseFarm. lwingcopat andefontanige ogetheier. nearl 6so acres oferoductivemeaownpatue,m an arbicland; eathe occupbeation o toMessrs. BaTey,buodt, Stongrtbn, and Erotden, peighly n reDcal tenantrTefsae arePria, aitutetinga thewrrnof Mitt, in thie Wesupti Riin ofsrs Forancshie ondrro the bolueeofor Lacahre about tw mlet o thea tover.Ibe Jands onthewesL t by thpieioderanm about 6to miles fromthei contuenet )eclpir.enpryitIcuar,wth plrans, m ar b had t te San,Cliher;toshe andofCrow,TdeiIklrastr; lack,Bull, Albon,Manheser;ofRLpes ot,. ep4 ierol H'i rillam-tree, 14donbri aluale noses,meneatB.ae Strand.~, ndLY th apingtal r.extdenoie and huighly valuable g Frehld instate, adocks,e and Wharfus, with edteniv frotag-de etmo th friveariThate SSRS FARBROTEP,CLAR!K, andl LYE War, o eL bytrde toBELT, atv GAUCIwaNT, on Weresways, o Wcnsa,January 23, att ,In vabou otaer (unlhessa Tasesccptabe offaer of bhein extenSiveG P Waereho, WBarf, and WIESNATerIdeOrNoS tlt ory ecase tolu M hess Coo andf tw matre £10M penum; the ewivo Craf Coavelwharf,eit qua and frontage to the VCRivEr oet s es Segentan Sons,in amUes romhantdoat cSope nnum-g f vimaluableuWat saide Paemiss,inglte thae NewCranehue Dnaokmand Warfd let ontease touMesr. Tebhofntars ltnand, lendo ySp ene!, at a 350 reranum afr Wharf and.34 peremss Abmutt.go Newt hrgane-stairs,u od in theocuatn of Meofrs. Ferad and mnre A theetvalue of £l20per nuum, with one lasetHo fe.Jaes an Calserdwes. atm£20 'r anu;N, m67 n Kig ilia-sretLndsien-urhr1dge.-fbermInvetmet %ESSRS.FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE are inst r-AedCtIo , atM Garaw A -O.a y's, on Wuena,.au thdesapita Jaidncey 3 and buin2 premses, 72,Od o KingWillamstreet, efdthe leton leset the laeMisses Smit fornea lterm of 23yEaSEfrom aIndSo thet rmaine of thein thelrm s7 perw annu, ayzinglaf a, reiumh lforte lese thel fwr om themct, or5easfo I834,at a gond 3 tenants,an pathoonsicuated ofMsRIS.age and GibboESDn,sliitrs OTT,GRea OVaEstre, Rarsesdfotro;auGawa';ante s earebothr,Cark,n oudLys, , BLacate-place Stheand.teohr sistsof th par entchuchhadchuPrefearmgebecnt. iig2 l.3p o1inedSwlR . FRERTherenc , Cw= iLAR47at nd LYE-ot tesJ. roe instoru ctedstzof SeLpais by lxuchO 2duear, at ,r~s nea Wedneday.Januay23dat ew y order of theIs Trusee of the Esatedo the ateSir60. .corne,utartioal of ithes w4asTx nIOSthiat may5 occr drig te ive o tw marid ldis, ndThe prsurvivormof nthm 61SSS FAnd33EaRstO ThER OXCARAGEofndLtYF WeJnsfty Janamiles a frm2ononclonsistingrde ofa icrhe-hue si tueEate in the villa e of Sitar wit oP.e Taer.Br., alsol.I ofReadow lAnd dOiNin toa the vicurodgI-houlevan ofices, mandrletlatd1!pe prannum telfefthe rntcarvge r commutationeofagethes wasrfixed i 1844 ather25 perannum.th VIAIrntcArGE,sun u of landS M inea the parish,ow of £7ipesannu. 1A bdenefactiono theCRYofixfor, withthe surlie faiees o ret and Eatelue,amutoin,a aver.,ag exoelbot vcar eg-os,wt landtioaxdo thren.hol Then ebieha beenredeemed. stbe,pesn andTwroue,tianQt Uars nte e rct~p duciug M per aium 5ars in the 49hyar flilao Eage.theopa lelatio rens abounti25 ar ticulaDrsRamay bre thad tte wstfarc, Oxford; King' s-road, pedo-row atum Gariabal's andat the pieoffices of resntcharebrothr ClArk, and Lyi, Lancasletoter-plc. otofln n 3ak thr,vt upiedferdsh,re-Thure presertimiment, snh6t yoftheistate.o thepoplate ir ( P aborutr,WRa. lall PreI19rtatin TOSthat may - ccur durrIg the lives ofbtovenmed t heVr geo lifeofther survivordshof, bothe 0m, e from~' Oxod lde, and theilDn don cngtm o agoD, icra agoued 64t yeaios and ga35n eas.toaentho coneeslidatof BiesteTrII of _Br. 19pEof and OEn meSGAct, pe tyaryrisesstu ateoudnting theoneto the orther,ean narot; yalpamato the tono omn efsicaroell.,iatlesenofitetoryomsnista fthe pish churct; he andchrchy,'ard,ntige contaIning pe 2a. num, The rent Echaqurgdeeincotutae oftiheEste ues produceon at £243: exclusiv of seaurpli te mce fees, atrofrnsc uthe28peresn incumben isll-minhi e1st.year. Particulearsma exenshad atn theaSeodtarotel, Ohfod imdrolle Camriw,adge wn 1reducnoardentaale,f WobDutmD ofr 1h§SSRS. FARERROTHER, CLARK, and LYE ME-. re linstrcied to SEL y U'nI, at 4alas nWens".Jnnwaxy'n 23einneordy Janury lot, vr aatbleo'longb LrErS Of th XTruse_ of te st of th elatsuexSir 60.eP. Turner, athe oalls oeEsEof T&aInd Frth,atnmayocurtduing thet ivstof two medarrieds ladies.h fandte, Pl-alfeaofthe comrising o thema etheonsie aged6 yaubeaprs,an thesolther3 yeaers,onstoMei the ICuads,ofand roSDENof nAssrathe eaf-e o feBceterd 12h h mgle from then city ofe Oxfor,i it agehose, wit oFAcEs,adgRdTen.Th CLARIcmPrse a. barn stabe, ndEcw-huse Gnarmacre, in te netay oJaruaroithero ducig £LUTerMannu. 75acN e in the heamlet of a Blacythorn, to ate rentsYaounting to £wi8g per annu:rn-charg was. fxed ionso 1817 aeTb£148eeO.per moannum, vriabledwTh hreTepriosfcon sa rntche argesofe annumy ispaable tosthes Vlwcar Poutcyof=lndinBlck-fo tho, wiuthe surplice =ers,al The rfcent Parnbeticuas mathbe had t yGan-ofahis ;age,Th FoflMssrs.i iabrouthe, ClwO ls andll%6 PLantaster BioethAdey, nsOtoriet, about 12noi-seafrm-VOxford,aneod 56tromton don,consstin of a goo- iaragze-hosqwih fcen aduaren ture,andtamblelads,y awared ieclieu of ttheslt undr.ai the RieLter Enclsue0At, lett Gayearlyo rWedntsdamontn toaneay3,-t 122or there abouts; h a yerypaytmeno the ia f£ is.,OL in lieu o tthes fromta anestateincan Aeoti;th inte33, amNort udlyntingto£2 lsnoprt annum,e fonran Exchenqueradbntr. The peaistrues produecelln ondr,and avmg abot£on peranCucosiderandthea suarpcefesiuabout £380per annum.mThe w~htichsvn yamons tonlyaboutn5x20.iTed rat tineumowentof n1 ther eceum esl£0d unearLfromGrtheePastfoalaid unocirety ineai of his ford- bgrondgrent Cown,1 Biestr ofm Aessrs e abgePremiseand atteOffices, o le esursan KiacebGroternClr, anddck, Lancasever-laece,Pallmal of eadowVr valu 4able ad extensivelong Leasehold Eoprstatng heldunde arethe Cron,-tan rdepreducn. etloaot£,8e IIiSSRS. FAXIEBROTHER5 CLARK, and LYE LVI. re instructedtoSPI4 T bGArmwa',on Wednesday,sJanuary 23da, Ja neuormo30 lots2,vr valuable long LESEOOLD ESTATE (hifl Wodsadt oess andesituate sithatediatigrsisedbsi abtlouth fare Pal-mlt ast copriing the convery extensive advla co pro-ig misy es,ironasl deta.he wihte spaiousvut, wihoareh-ouses, c ; thei nomble alledrkoccupednyh Society,of PaindtwoerclsuinWresoepoduclieaioewldeow ano. 61.blet oad n easeorissProcter; andaDmrosund Renit of£5 acr,.s &threeamincg outof 3 adjoining prcmite Th tbouta renuta isre nea rly £,1 pet nnmhe Sttoia Mestatewll beu more Twfolly andverised arm ndspartIM e wd adprculars had ofMsr.Smsn ai-own ath Gama~; Oralh Vthe ofiesarf Resdinr. Mardebrtead;Clark, Handtye Abdsoluteo Revsrs.nBolto oney Btelfound, and Polo.slicytofrssuranelm cot epo fJameB rowdy Fs oCLAorK 7SeeandtLe-i FwetstreLL at G . ar'mways' sD,onr,enesarianuRary 2nd atthe G ficesrofMeayssran of Means.broh Frebroth LyerClk, endzm Lye, 6, Lo ,Btznmater Absolute Reversion. Freehiold Estate, near Suidhur Suffolk. "I_2ESSRS. FAREBR6OTHR,CLARK9, and LYE are instructed to prepre o AEb AUCTION,oWdnda,Jaruary30, the ABSOLITE REESON o UNDIVIDEDTHIRDS of -a FIIEEHOLD ESTATE; comaprising about 6,0 acres olindsiuae lth prihe ofLitl jndGreat ComnardandiNew- Req.theaeltalu abland-taxredcmd andoiErt leabndGet 3-ur mefordm sitreet, ieldunider theMBsbop of Winchester atasmall ground rent- M3ESSRS. FAR-EBROTHER, O LARY,adLE AL willSELbr-AUCTIOV, at Garraway's, on Wednesday. JanuarY 10, inatwo lots, a raPital PROPERTY, comprising a house, shop, and extensive premises, N o. -8, Unioen-street, the corner of Great GuIldfordsttreet Southwarlc; let to Mlr. Eletoher, ofimani, Lc., and a -tmerrment adjoining, la- the occupation- of Mr. Barney, producing to- 12,and36reait-c~ tuldord- tret Graadjoining thebrabove let toheal t InNTE,tREnTso amou enting moa£6 mow anum The abovshWO SUnder hOf O Bishop ofWichrestern esxte,sive livaessbctoth - . VervalcialeAnnutitaadPoljalsofma nolc o Au to . EHUTT'LEWORTH(ld, s:M;'`uUa6i&oCE7 PeiodalSabIi,ahbVed af.Ueu R HuT3 LEWORTH-1 -al ~E t thei * Periodical Sl: eatablisied Ha.l!--etr EIf-,- . - thtt YLO ONidy.T mGKtit(DOnxmT REvjRSI'G Dose; thoMat and at the auieti Pare'sfhes Pt, Poltsc -Pa-- c-- kPa BLF Fo rtrncn=toOclt ZI-RH wilSL,itthd each, and lseldfor nayl.er,a oia rui tenas May beviewe,andpriuashdo ess ilokad theanetineer~aoce5,~31,Posiltre - g-lae Jnay,at P iur the Afternoon, FREEHOLTEBtatOSin the village of Thakehariam; cm-bfdigs nd aLbout three acres of lan4 weityads,m OgONle and p taddck CuboadHue omfortablo -. residnce,withoffiss an ataling a waldi adnandl Croft-cc' .&bOutl& acreofland; afwdlw g-0useadjo-tecucyr,wt large garden, yard, and carpentr,s thcp;1jn' a-,coting abot 5 are of-vlualeorcbardl, pasture, and abeln,wt bar teron ad Ilthet'1F-n cotaininig about Iacsfd-l clas arae lnd, -th 3 smal hmestead on tile soDuthsieothbl, tera aigfrom Shipleyto Greenhurat. Pneprt Y ehadorMea,rg. Pre,Roe and on,Stoingtn.;at he pacef sle;of -Mr. Ber,Hrtn ~das, ner Strrinton;and f MrAlsbtt,26, Be-dfordrw odn IA.ABBOTT~ is i ctdto SELL by AUC-_ JLTION. at the Auction Mart, on,Fia,Jnay1 tIPo darn amst desiabl,-btantilly-buit, well ftted-IuP, and 5onve_. ten TOfN0~u, at the veylwaondrn f£aELr wrt £ without nreediae poseILon mabe hd. furllna,wt condictiosofble, a ebdo fi.Sr n Grfib--tble,olctrs,. folIcatoune, 20Asifia* ra-tre;a h 0art; and fM Abbot, at2, gerord-row, darayfro Chrn., ArLsasebe,l Estter Wyd1 nplc, znctornquare,dte Pithout reserve, avd rrer, dsair,able REIDEC, ihgorepi respctabl3. efamhly-to.e 3, Wic Hu-lc,Byntnour;hl 15,AUTIagOuNd retGaof £21, but sabdect toan Ou~e es, date 5 ApOril,184f tore21myaisrsb oe f theprviusChrisenbAcT1%(determiabev ncredreandof,ybt~t h n the'RstTo&tco're,En%' 7th orcpto 14the de-at yearyrbentoefvd an May edwel yte esiiosfte eat P7 arker.k-ttree, an arker. a soiiorsf7 Tedfond-row q. sof icitorc' soliito, 1 cItl4enstn-btreedioat Grraways; ondh pre_meses; a thPricefd slale; 4 Cand f r. -abbte ~ gj PRICE adCAKwl ELb at Sarnwys nTesa,Jna 22, atl2fr1 byorderof theMot Admunisrti of2laefo.Mi r Buc,avr sustntialan ndy" oghv wel-uilt FEI,bing.,Hniuv Houg. 2 Todroael Woreatboubrnere-nHarowroad,riectlysf minlheocuatn ofthersC7ebyeaaed adofbl the stmated o Tenlue of £lrannum.f thineldareorb uEner-ed terom th of aoth ani areotaie fgroum thents of th~ersawu, togaye'hewvd,h andth Pareticulars hadyo Steamasad Engin, Boller, 2sjL 17. arwick-sret alreg tentm-astet a th G,aseas and ofe Prmiesrc.~ 1LrSSRS. PRICE and CLARKwi WM SELL byA . intIOEn,latnd-road,o Tusdaon Fesday 7auay2 at 1 2 for L 1yodr,s%a rErgtofLthieM4 Was derapowter Rofla thle anexensRALLLetfUER - inthe INTANUFACT'UREJ ofV]built brding 5, KingesreetdApiabry-usquare,toedthercwith, sdatciouange of Iorsho, bing onftheinonrt withepiwarat enltrancet thve sm,aticularly aodap tied,ak voyaluable value-vat mnm of £11pranmathepre nrodsusmiynbesdewed theapplatioy and eparitionas a of iessrs. SwhereandSn sorsinritro30 Bchoie stree28t-buldigs atne Garaw Uy'a aendtf aenrs Pofe an desmlrion o8, Cihay nc -ajttenmery-lane.uedb aymww, t les Chancoer-f ourth the Huting, ada Honsldembl lesshY-to Piao.e~ vatluablhe Patent RihtuoCtting ncinn, aiso satvng erentdat eey whae exyfosey adouan t8hrsernmer oftemengiersO andequaler thicns areoh gtmd rworlgmte lgtanur obtainted thromth althe uese of the aw togsethe whith islthelPatentaMachinery, Staioeramterngine,t Boier,. Gear me tine th e sol e, seralo theuan Leaet ofknf-u theePemiesv,c dogIJaandhaRss PRICEandyffctg.RTh woll SyeLL bdI ds"p,iorothweondteParemise, no-sunas the a.S-nayl.I tn moictheK20mgsmlsn-road, ondfordilayoweb of atl2s for1isyndero and Bee soicigtHorsn. to~he Mater odfoterdolls, the Queen' 3rOYAL LEITR2,Sl PATEls,NT grante-udeto Wine ouhn anth3erflaeof iZ; andof e5sea athe Clare,AyIB ofct o eeErIf, 4;Cacrland, Iondc neradAp. raess conne Ted ov. t1 thereih aeOt re.853 beng oneLof Theino, foRivAstEonm of marcenTeria andproduc tion pais ofolrgte beamty sesand exedigtioo ise operat iirO on,lwerebytt, vanyisgte choe. cofro m 18s a2 veneets of anyitlerngt sand. ofreanyres,evraipto wood ican be producaed arodc&thebinch thcienss of slog,intea in oly ne-bt; heMumberatdasnowpoducedibny sarc wmilt%ls, ir!z les ian ne-ourh te ime, andeatuosiderably Oes cos;. ataogtruerwith thepatent cttingemechn,ams orecently0 ereteidat eryag MExes,ada 8-Ofrseower sitem auendfecadbolrtwtsllt. tey hemndn premises, csaoe.onomprisinga t 12ethoutrel, crachine-r halouse,rwcUShERLDfr aFURNgITUEn,a ae novdermatgeratalerAt th arestidene will bhe siyold senveniralhousand eet cofrkn ifecut h-eset,aadaizorn bdtheadsal, fanhrbd priuas hand oftreu Sydnleytop arndlother asolictor, 2, King's-o road,edrd-mw tofe MabesrsTrne and ghqmwrdroe,a( bnsolicitrs,b fion-sreet Bdfork wdrow; fcesrtis. Kngh mand mdaIl, soicitrs Hextegaesto-ndrLntthepleic:ace a of. valenands of l,Mers Tec -mo L rahold Inetmn, parmon-'euciy lIR. F.BT. KEENYONt WiM ELbACI~ at zsb ve TM-art r tZ h eanigILL 't TaDI.IEHOfLDrcradeaalr opiigtopar flreba onthe prmssB natM.Dbarrosofcs 8.Cepie TIo-rdorw-Ho. 94,u tano-tre,-xeetHorseo-dEomthar. yA CTIOco aitngs ant Efete JTuedo,JnuaeremiS.s aat 2 orve,T-rro,alwthtesv,ap tsurlusodtemkofStwo iD Fle1tUEenvdionglenj' HRSESidnc utakent forv consteniect fsl;cmrsnPec,tn, and imn bdtands onea2itoen danra rs abe-o ndoho ewashsnds), chesfcutsifnrwes tilen alesngass wareffe,can. vfar e iouhmere oequiypmentos, eeatrswo rwn omsiei handsom te drlffab gueddmas4 wnowcran t ac, ao Stcbffanir,shatno,duambWaitouer, Hofewecolnayad kthnr., sites,set o eigh supeErmtldscre,anohreffects.(h e.CatlgusontePrELLisn andstructe. Dbytenhaeutos offcs 0 lAR. lateMr. KeXYON t il SELL by AUCTION nthrmises ILl,atmine Cotart, THISmDeY(Wed,nesay) theay2 atghipmeelTsely.r .TnarLyASEtLD thcOUSE inTuAt a EO, Bour;lringohassn-sret haedrooan-rhadr,Kigscross, letm toaanvery n threbspcaliesearytenant, mat hlpeannir cie woodprtlcus washdcngitibsofsl, a pdplyoeatteousaitLs toheRig Hoseh olicaritore, 3o Bare-ad usuakldersuryip andt Mr. b Bobwet-.Knod,auctiorneer, I, oirthaei-whamen,Cothalogcesrt, nearonthe peiesBank.h utina 3 iytero it-od Mil.rdlan, Simnit-T a- oalet Mercants3Cntrcorsend Hotshoers MESSRS. EVESRIELYand SHNillSE wLL SELAUs by UCTOH on th heesIn Pxreisges .tlonTusday.e Stand, ona Tuesday, Januarder otlthforortbyaeiderinfote Proiers bEeRiOng th surpusTs,y cofpritwgo menteriangiinedtorpartneohip freIhTl valuald holSES etakesin fhwrocnsant worpatiox ofourto Maggnsmr, lan a srnere,andon2 ton Ho ggod, weinghin machanes, 1003 coa 0213uakex mrde,alyndewx, cand-cttan rechines, Pantclr aebd avreyo thearreaets Maybe o Jiwe oneday pesvious, orrlandecatalogueseha on the&premises soden Su~Ubrde kd of the auctioneers,.0 alann-lec rCa xhne Satockfam Bure,rashad Tmuey bearehouse, Householddstonetwe,pan the lateBLAKEJwiytSELL y byTIH AUCTthe uPreiss Jesaie Cottage,ocs;aerha-oaduer th LodgeihrgniWe,nTo-morrow Januaryl, atlr2. the deTof IntRADE,ecuonsisigofthbase rand hair brooms, pairwlth he,f pAintersn HOthRbrShES, m6 at gs,and Soattigareies, wood bowlms, washinagmtubs, ndgicelaneos, iatems:r marlsoth Houeh omdld ne of theris usualndescwription.May bew vhiewe the pday prior caf and mo wn oae,-ghengcatalogues, mhymohct enth poremses,GOuared of the sauctioee. , Ity-trosrace~, Ctyo-readigh Ho.ng 15,ne B gciugham-tee My be ean weSpereodamodern fousehol Fur, ni aaotures(rmovd Dfrom nsso the abpere renLc) andtEffects. wi thouajwt reeihorvehao10,dsshoptGatesraet -a-theoAtich-oke nnewitood causew,my ;tables,ofhMneys-glases,rc curtaions n. et,io arile,clcs,V NIas,plaedgooday,18aitol of varou khninds,te co mill chcory eiht mrbl chineypiscs, fewPoprtl~andraps,fo an varetis. n vew illthesae, hencatloges ay e bd t tehO -efect. T-mrro Evnig (hurda). t tresame hour-, a lare and cTlapitl AesoFrniminto-Smoernir3oe HouseholdFriuead Effects, re.p -winged Wardrobes-, coRtly Dr'awing and Dininig Room. Furniture, -Velvet Pile Carpets, Chimney-glasses, Bronzs, Cwlocs 2ud othet - items;, without resere. JW IZODwill SELL byAUCfONY, at the Rc,o Wms- 6,Queen-street, Hew Cannon-street, city, on Friday, January*, at A2 these superb ]dfE.TF S; comprising the furniture of six bad roonms, Spanish mahogny, Arabian, and ether bedsteads, gos beds, 'matti,esses, eheval an drueasing glases double aind single hole wash. hand stands, chairs, and other itemst. The furniture of -the drawing roomcomriss asuie inwalut-reeandrosmsood ion; earl an(& oterale,tB wo cabinsets 2elvc pieanudsslgarrsndu two chiney-glases, brncos, ld hn,anetriem.Tedin -rom fraiurecoi p iss to sdebard, 1 lblayan iniro
