DEATHS. In Augnsx;, 1S54 atValparsiso, Chili South Amoesic. aged3l, of dysentery, Frederic, son of Mir. Ventom, of Anget-court, Throgniortonstaet, and East Hamn, Essex. On the 29h olt., at Abeytwith. Mr. John Warburton, 3many a representaltor1e of Messrs. William Thomas and Bsrothers, of 3-and 1=29, Cheapside, Lndon, much respected,o On the I1th inst., at his rsidence, Xorley House, rPymouth, in his Satstyear, Rt:hard FUlis, Eac, deeply lsonent-d. On the 12th inst., at York, aged Sl, Elizabeth, widow of the late John Wolatenbolmne, Faq. On the 11thi inst., of consumption, deeply lamented, Ellen, eldest daughter of . Lordan, of Bunmswick Trils, Gipy-hill, Norwood, in her 17th yexr. O. the 13th inst.. at It, Upper Glocester-street, Dorset-square, Mis -Maxy Diccoonon. tEFP. Ou thel3th inst., at Langlebury, erts, ;ErmundFearnley'whittingmtinD Req. On the 131t inst., at Exmouth, Anne Sarah Hakewill, widow of Renry HAkewill, Req., of Brunswick-place. Regents-prk, in her 73d sear. On Friday. the 14th lnst., at Hamiton House, Southampton, Louia, the wife of G.O0. Olayer, Aeq., aged 6t Omnthe 14th inst., atYVenezia House, Haverstock-hill, Ann, relict of the late Joseeh Field, Req., of Hatfield, aerts, aged 67. On the 1411 iDnt, at Peiahorst aged 7S, Ann,. widow of the Rev. icawd Yat0s, D.1, of Chelsea Hoepttal, and rector or Ashen, Essex, OnLtheltIM inst., at 47. St. Mfartins-lane, Cbaring-croass after a,far days serious; Kl2nes Harriett, wife of Mr- Michael Lewis Brown, eldest daugchter of thie lsat Mr. James liaue, St. Albaess-place. St. Jamee)s, aged 29t
MONKJY-M ARKZ Id VITYThrLZIGGENOR. Satura :Evening. The general undertanding that the terms of peace lave been defnitively arranged by the Paris Conferences, and that little beyond formalities now remains to be gone through, caused the English funds to open with a considerable increase of firmmess this morning, althounh, in consequence of xealizations, the market suXsequently showed less animation. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 92- to 1, were first quoted 92i to -6. From this, under the influence of several sales, they receded to 92i, and the last price was 92- to J. For the 11th of April some transactions were alleged to, have tak-en place before the commencement of xegular business at 93, but the highest price marked was 92k, and at the close they stood at 92S to . $Nsol SI rleft off at 2, premiumr; TIdia-Uondi, . tos.~ Aiscounti ;~x9fcnuer-bonds, 98k to i, Pa Jxchequer-bills, ls. discount to Us. - Drniuni. ForeWin securities opened withfirnness, but there *wat tltiinately a slight reaction. Turkish Six per -e!m+m were negotiated at 98- and i for money, and P4 and 97- for the account, The Four per Cent. Guaranteeca Stock was negotiated at 1IOO and t I for money, and100k and e for the account. The r2eneraI operations comprised-Chilian. Three per Eents., 67M,; hexican, for money, 20; for the uccount, 2q ; Russian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93i; Sardinian Five per Centa., 91 and 914, for money; and 91s and 91. for the account; and Spanish lNew Deferred, for account, 25 and a5. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 73f. formoney, and 73f. 40c. for the end of the month, hoawing an improvement of 25c. in the former case and of 5c. in the latter. A deputation of influential planters and merchants connected with the spice trade of the East, headed by Mr. John Crawford and M1r. Gregson, 3I.P., waited upon the Chancellor of the Exchequer to-day to present a memorial, representinag the injury sustained by thel3ritish settlemenWsof Penang, s;ingapore, and Malacca, through the unequal operation of the existing duties on nutmegs. A distinction. wlich, according to the best authorities, is fanciful and arbitrary, is at present dra'tn between the " vrild," and "cultivated" descriptions, only ~d. per lb. being levied on the former, -while 12d. is levied, on the latter. The species which the Cfustomh1ouse authorities regard as wild are exclusively produced. in the Dutch settlements of the Eastern Archipelago, while those of the British settlements are the cultivated sorts, and hence our planters have to contend against an extra tax of 7d. in the pound. TUhe real state of the case is alleged to be that, between the two kinds the only disparity is such as exists between English and contiunental grapes, and that, owving to the aromatic nutmegheingindigenous to the Dutch islands, while it is an1 exotic in the ritish settlemnents, it requires in the latter a degree of care and attention-whichiswhollyunnecessary inits mative localities. Just as English hothouse grapes are finer than foreign ones, the British nutmegs are generally rounder in form and largerthan those that are the spontaneous growth of the forests, but for equal weight and soundness it is affed there is no intrinsic difference, and hence to subject one in its competition with the other to an extra tax of 140 per cent. is wholly indefensible. The memorialists moreover, rightly point out that exceptions to the almost universal principle of our tariff, under which duty is imposed on quantity and not on value, ahould altogether be avoided. They claim no advantage as against the foreign producer, deprecating anything that could militate against eVen the appearance of free competition, but they "submit that in justice foreign produce should not have a great and onerous protective duty against their Jown." The railway meetings of the week have again 'een principally connected with the declaration of dividends. According to the report of the Scottish Central Railway the revenue shows an increase and the worling expenses a slight decrease. The divi4dend on the consolidated stock is proposed to be at the rate of 5 per cent., the preference charges being arranged for in the ordinary manner. The working agreement with the Edinburgh, Perth, and Dundee Company is now in full operation. The -report of the East Aglian Companyhas been agreed to, and the shareholders seek to enforce an equitaable arrangement of the mileage rate in association vith the Eastern Counties Company. At the prelinary meeting of the Belgian Eastern JunctionRailay the report was adopted, and it is stated that when the traffic is fully developed favourable results are anticipated. The directors of the Exeter and Exmouth Railway propose to commence operations early in the summer, and it is hoped that the line will be forthwith carried out. The report on the Vale of Towy Pailway is favourable, and the line, when constructed, will assist greatly to augmnent the traffic in that particular district. The dividend declared at the Lancaster and Carlisle meeting was at the rate of 7J per cent., and the directors congratulated the shareholders on the general prosVerity of the undertaking. The committee appointed by the shareholders of the Grand TrunkRailway of Canada to confer with the directors have delegated their powers to three of their number, MIr. Weguelin, Mr. Laing, Ii.P. and Mr. R. Gillespie, who, with the assistance of tlie Hon. W. Napier, are to take all such steps as they may deem proper. There have been no specie arrivals this week, wiih the exception of a series lof small sums from Paris a other parts of the continent. These have probably amounted to about 100,0001. The exports 3iave exceeded that total. 3fr. 0Oiveira has given notice of a motion, to inquire whether the Government will sanction, in such cases as miay be desired by the holders, a registration of the bonds of the Turkish Four per Cent. -Guaranteed Loan. The annexed information with regard to the progress of English mining adventure is condensed from the MinizngTouranarl* " Although we cannot refer this week to any important diseoveries, our homae mines, generally, ale looking as well, if not better than for some time past. Metals are at good xeinnnerative prices, and without any prospect of immediate decline; yet there is a total want of activity in the mnarket. .At Ding Dong meeting the accounts showed a profit df 3,0211.; a dividend of 31. lOs. per share -was declared, leaving va balance to next account of 675!. The Foxdale mines -Isle of Man) have declared a dividend of 11. per share. At Gonamena meeting the accounts showed a balance against themine of 9321.; acall of 1U. per share was made. At Craddock Moor meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mine of 619l. t llound Hill meeting the 2ccounts showed a balance in favour of adventurers of 3439& .At Calstock Consols meeting the accounts showed a lance in favour of the mine of 1,1191. At Perran anad Great Wheal Leisure Union meeting the accounts showed that the exisig liabilities of the company exceed the available assets by 2,9001.; a call of 2s. 6d. per share was mnade. At South Pant-X-Goff meeting the accounts showed a balance against the mime of 951.; a call. of 51. per share -was made. At Wheal Crebor meeting the accounts showed a balance in favour of the mine of 2461.; a call of 5s. per %hare was made. At Cwmdyle Rock meeting the accounts V&oveel a ba3ance in favour of the company of 157.; a call ,of 5s. per share was made. At Okel Tor meeting the accnunts zhowed a balance against the mine of 3491.; a call of 14s. gerbshare was made, payable in two instalments. At Great Low-rch meeting the accounts showed a balance against the :nine of 91l." With regard to foreign mines there is nothing iworthy of cxtract. lTe dividends on the Peruvian Three per Cents., Ihe Brazilian Five per Cents., and the Chilian Six and Three per Cents. have been advertised for payment. The agents of the latter Government have also announced the particulars of the redemption and cancelment of bonds in accordance with the operation *f the snking fund.
RAILWAY A-VD MIArIV'x Si2ABES. Saturday Evening. The railway-market was on the average well supported ill th early part of the day, but sales generally increased towarda the close., Few operations took plae in the shares of the Aushalian land and banking companies. London and County iBank shares were dealt in at 33 and 33. The operations ir Canada Land were at 147 and 144, and the fnal quotation was 143 to 148. Bank of Egypt shares left off£1 to I pm., Ottoman Bank, W to pmn. ; London and Pars, 2 to 1 discount; Western of London, 4 to 2 dis.- and Natorat I)iscount Comranv. .a to andcis.ao
Tal GOVERNASMT CHuRCu -RAS BrL.-Sf1r George Greys armendments (to be moved in comtnittee on Sir W. Clay's bill) were printed with the votes on Saturday. According to these new clauses, on the discontinuance of a rate for five years, or at the expiration of two years after a formal refusal of the vestry to malke one, the obnoxious impost Wil cease in that parish. Again, a conscientious objector to church-rates has only to declare, n winitin-, that be is not a member of the church of England, and We wiU be ipso facto exempt, but then he will be disqualified from voting at vestries on any question touching church-rates. Where rates have ceased, the in. cumbent and churchwardens are authorized to let such pews as the churchwardens have power to assign to inhabitants at yearly or half-yearly rents, according to a scale to be fixed by them, hut to 'be approved by the ordinary. Itent-charges may also be given by will to incumbents and churchwardens intrust, to defray charges now provided for by rates, -notwithstanding the enactments of the act of George .U.; chap. 36 (the Tdortmain Act), but no rent-charge or charges given to any one church must exceed 1001. a-year. For the above purxposes the rector and wardens shall be a body corporate with perpetual succession. We subioin the form of declaration already referred to:-" I, A. B., of C. D., hereby declare that I am not a member of the chwurh of England." It is undersbood, however, that no religions disability is imposed in consequence of this declaratioh, but that, on the contrary, such persons may at any time, at their option, receive the sacraments of the church, and avail themselvesof any otherright or privilege to which professed Charchmen are entitled. The disquification imposed is simply acivil one, and its extent has already been specified. RIsAE GRICULTuRXL STATIsTxCS.-Further tables have been published, showing the estimated average produce of Ireland in the year 18&5. The general total gives the following results :-1,524,182 quarters of wheat, the total produce of 445,620 acres; 10,260,240 quarters of oats, the produce of 2,116,898 acres; 1,096,137 quarters of barley, the produce of 226,454 acres; 57,404 quarters of bere, the produce of 11,347 aeres ; 57,54 quarters of rye, the produce of 11,633 acres; 69,569 quarters of beans #nd eas, the produce of 18,494 acres; 49,871,192 (20 stone) arrelsof potatoes, the produce of 982,028 acres; 6,063,965 tons of turnips, the produce of 366,311 acres; 401,844 tons of mangold wnrtzel, the produce of 22,278 acres; 312.510 tons of cabbage, the produce of 24,080 acres- 3,746,274 stone of flax, tneproduceof 97,048 acres; and ,663, 953tons of hay, the produce of 1,313,680 aes. The total extent under crops was 5,684,607 acres. The produce of wheat increased from 1,452,467 quarters to 1,524,182 uatrs, andi that of potatoer , from40,493,236to 49,8tl192aels. Theproduce of oats and barley declined-the former from 11,29,101t) 10,260,420 quarters, and the latter from 1,212,047 tv 1,096,187 quarters between 1854 and 1Sa. TEE MUtDERM BOUSFnUDD.-The eMecution o& Bousfield, who was convicted at the last session of th; Central CrimninalCBirt of the marder of bis wife, an. againstwhom there are three other indictments for th raurder of his three children, is fixed to take place on Monday, the 31st inst. In the ordinary couse, the senteince or t,he law would have been-tarried into effect on the 24th, ba; that being Easter fonday, the sheriffs considered it ad> [ isable to postpoue the event till the following Monday. Since his conviction the criminal has been visited by hifather and mother who sae respectable persons in humbl; life, Mlls generaf demeanour has bnen most`apathetic. Rle has seldom alluded to hIds dreadful. crime, and appears to wishi it to be thougt t'hat he is utterIy ignorant of haing.been guilty of Ithe Act imaputedi to him. It is understoodathat efforts have beenm maeto obtain a commutation of the punishment, on the ground that the praoner Ws not in a sound state of mnind- but the Secretary of State has returned no answer to tie application that has bkm tsnd d g ha-Owr
RILWAY Zff-.Ia&yCE VATJBDOXrTANT The report of the directors % this company slates that the result of tlle ope,zohs for the half-year endinig the 31st of JaiiusylAs t shsows a balance of 47,2591. After payment of the dividend on the original preference shares of 16,7661. and on the new preference hilf-shares 1,096W., there will remain 29,3971., which, added to 1,6761., the surplus from the lformer account, the disposablesum wil amount to 31,0731.; out of which the directors recommend a dividend on the ordinary stock at the rate of 2 per cent. per annum, absorbing 30,5331. and leaving 5401. The traffic receipts for the past half-year ainounted to 290.2822., and for the corresponding period of last year to 296,7727. showing a decrease of 6,490b.; the worldng expenses amounted to 137,28a-b, or 47'31. per cent., for the paEt half-year; to -130,43.,. or- 44 per cent., for the corresponding PCriol of the ureced.izg year', showing u _Mare-sa of 6,8527., mailngtogether a diminution in tue net receipts of 13,342. The -directors regret the diminished dividend, but state that the causes are temporary and accidental and the permanent value of the undertaking is uniunpaired. The mineral traffic suffered severely im the early part of the half-year from a colliers' strikeinthecoal districts traversed by te CaledonianllRilway; other local circumstances fora time materially affected the trafic; and the revenue was not increased, as it was last year, bya large passenger traffic between Edinburgh and Glasgow, which fell off so soon as the fares by the other route were reduced. The working expenses have at the same time been augmented by competitions now at an end, and by the high price of materials. The state of the money-market -has told heavily on the rates of interest for temporary advances and renewals of debentures. The increase in interest alone, as ,compared with the corresponding period of 1854 and 155, is equal to about a halflper cent. of dividend. The contract for maintaining the greater part of the penrmanent way expired on the 31st of December last, and the whole lineis- now- in the company's hands. A considerable saving may in future be expected under this head. The new preference quarter-shares for providinag additional btat ana station accommodation are being well taken up. behe average rate of debentwe interest for thehalf-year has n 41. 9s. &jd. per cent. For the two preceding halfyears the rates were 41. 6s. 3d., and 41. 7s. 4d. per cent. respectively. The " Octuple Treaty," made wvile certain lines in the south were unopered, and under which for five years the traffic between England and Scotland was amicably conducted, has been extended to districts not originally embraced in it, and reihodelled for a period of 14 years. from the 1st of January, 1856, under the name of tihe '"English and Scotch Traffic Agreement." The parties to it are the London and North-Western, the Lancaster and Carlisle, and the Caledonian, the three railways formingi the "West Coast Routef' and the Great Noithern, the :North-Eastern, the North British, and the Mlidland, the four railways forming the "Eas.t Coast Eoute." Theadvantages ofthe agreemeuitarealready appreciable in more remunerative rates, and in a better and more economical arrangement of the trains. The Glasgow and South-Western Company have applied and eave been admitted parties to the agreement for their interest in the G~ow and English traffic, under their arraugenment with the Ualedonian. Thedirectors state that they have always been anxious to complete an agreement with the Edinburgh and Glsg%ow Company, to save the great expenme3 of competition; and they are happy to have at last succeeded. For this result both parties are much iimdebted to the good offices of a deputation from Lan-cashire, consisting of Mr. Eadfield, M.?.; lIr. Brmckshaw, and M.JToynson. To these gentlemen the board tender their best thanks. The agreementis based upon the principle of a joint purse for the net traffic on both lines, so that each may be interested in the other's prosperity. Afaxhnigm and didi7u7im rates of division have been fixed, but these are not to be made public till after an award has been given by Mr. H. Houldsworth, of Manchester aund Coltness, who has been appointed arbitrator to settle the proportions. He is to award the proportions to which he considers each is entitled, and if his award be below the aiinhtini, or above the m7u)MXiMI, the minimumn or maximnz, as the case may be, is to be adopted; and should he decide on any rate between the two, both parties are bound to accept it. The arrangements - to last for ten years; but either party is to have the option of going to arbitration for an unrestricted re-adjustment of the prjportions of division, first at the end of 30 months, and again on the expiry of five years from the 1st of March, 1856. Mr. R. Sinclair, themanager states inlhis report that a considerable nunber of engines, carrianes, and waggons have been put upon tiLe line i.nrig the Ilf-year, and the extent of the roLing stock of the company has never teen so well proportioned to the requirements of the trade. There were 607,286 train miles run by passenger trains, 429,857 miles by goods, and 320,842 by mineral trains1ogether 1,357,985 miles. The cost of locomotive power was 7-89d. per train mile lincluding 217d, for repairs), and 2-44d. for carries and waggons, making together 10-374d. as the cost of woriug and maintaining the rolling stock ger train mile. The number of engines in steam per day as been 1OL The daily number of train miles ran averages 8,523, of which 3,7S0 consist of passenger and 4,743 of goods trains. The number of passenger engines is 83, and of goods engines 94, total 177. The average number of engines in working order has been 62 nassenger and SO goods engines; 15 passenger and 9 goods eiigines repairing; and 6 passenger and I goods engine renewing during the halfyear. FThe meas loads have been 7-02 carriages in assanger traiusand2l113 wa-gonsingoodstrains. The capital account shows that 8,705,651. is the amount of capital authorized to be raised, and that 8,179,8981. has been raised, including 1L770,9141., the capital of the guaranteed lines. The tota amount expended to the 31st of January. 1856, waas 8,209,5221., of which 3,725,3431. was expended ontthe Caledonian line; 451,8111. on the Garnkirk Railway; 593,9601 on the Clydesdale Junction; 867,8911. on the Greenock Railway; 408,78SI. on the WVishawY Railway ; 357,9421. on the Barrhead line; 787,7S9Z. for worling stock; 638,3041. ordinary stock issued under arrangement act for abatement of guaranteed dividends; 57,7501. paid for arrears of guaranteed dividends ; and 319 9511. loss on the purchase of shares in other companies--eaving a balance against capital of 29,6231. The ordinary capital entitled to dividend amounts 3,211,61671. of which 158,3177. belongs to the com- The revenue account for the half-year ending the 31st of January last shows that 294,1071. had been received, and 140,3731. expended on working the traiBc (including 3,038I. for duty on passengers, and rates and taxes); 4,6831. for rents and compensation to tenants;t 59,9111. interest on loans; 2,081Z. debenture charges; and 42,7981. guaranteed dividends; leaving the balance of 47,2591. above-mentioned. SHR&PSEfI UNIN. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held on Friday at Shrewsbury, the Earl of Powis in the chair. The Secretary (Mr. A. Wragge) read the report, which stated that the directors had pleasure in drawing attention to the fact that, while the net canal earnings were larger than in any corresponding period since 1851, the railway account exhibited a larger net revenue than in any hialfyear since the opening of the line. The proprietors were entitled to a dividend at the rate of 21. 12s. 6d per cent. per annum, being half the dividend declared by the London and North-Western Company, in respect of the half-year ending the 31st of December last. The statement of accounts showed the total canal earnings for the half-year tobe 4,9274., and the charees 52,1911., leaving a net canal revenue of 12,7361. The railway earnings are stated at 21,9701.. and the charges at 15,2591., leaving a net revenue of 6,7n1., maldng the total net revenue 19,4471. To which is added 15,0987., charged to the London and North-Western, making the totao divisible sum The capital account showed that 2,243,3111. had been received, and 2,200,5421. expended, including 1,427,5551. on the canals, leaving a balance of 42,7681. * The Cn eraM - moved the adoption of thereport and the statement of accounts, which was carried; and a second resolution was agreed to, declaring a dividend for the halfyear atthe rate of 21. 12s. 6d. per annum on the shares and stock of the company. The retiring directors, Messrs. Tootal, Giffird, and Stan. ton, having been re-elected, Mr. Jonrc W rET uvsRT then proposed-" That it be an instruction to this board to insert a list of candidates that shall have been proposed in writing by any shareholder to the secretary of the company 10 days previous to the meeting for the election of directors and auditors, with the amount of capital stock held by each gentleman proposed, either for election or re-election, as director or auditor of this company, with the statement of accounts to each proprietor." The CHArnux suggested that, as no notice had been given of the motion, it be postponed until the next half yearly meeting. Several shareholders urged Mr. Whitehurst to defer his motion, in accordance with the recommendation of the chairman. 3r. BLAronRE then seconded the resolution, and on being ut to the vote only two hands were held up- for it, there being a large majority against. he proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to the chairman and directors. TRAFFC RBTURN. Miles Pas- Mer- Tot4 Total. RailHwyn.open gers. handise. 1858. 1855 WeekencdlgMsarec S. Peebles. . .. - . , 261 .. - IRISH RAILWAY RETURNS, N"'U O : 1UPV XIZ DAES AS VXD = 1855. 1855, arne oflallway, ; s. d. £. d. elfastandEaliymens, Marsh s.. 848 5 2 .. 65114 3 Belast and Conmty 1)own, March 9 25816 8 .. 2216 5 CorkandBandon, Marehs . . 287 5 3 .. 257 0 3 Corl4 B1aclroek, and 'aseage, March 8 16519 2 .. 27 2 Suabscip!ion .. . .. .. . 28 0 0 90 0 Dublin and Belfast Junction M1arch 9 91717 7 S. 80 0 0 InterestOuaanBa ranc .. . 10819 0 9 9 0 0 DubinandDrogheda,Xmhg. 1,330 8 31 1,189 2 q9 Dubn andKingstown, ahhli11 689 2 2 6 65 7 7 4 Dubnan2mlcMcow, arch 8 .. 306 6 19 .. 9 7 Dundalk and ilnnis llen, March 8 293 1 5 ..26417 6 Great Southem an&Wen. March 8.. 6,250 9 4 . 5,785 1 5 IrishSouth-Easin-1arch . .. 281 1 3 . 220 1i E1ainerJunction,larch8 .. 331 111 .n . 242 8 3 Londonderry and Coleraine, March 8 222 12 6 .. 21317 'r Londonderry and Esimkill en, March 8. 562 0 4 .. 553 6 5 Midlana GreatWesterv, arch9 2,957 810 s2,516 S rJ2ter11aiway, March 9 . . .. 1,252 6 4 .. 3619 9 2 Waterford and llenny, March3 .8 313 4 2 .. 218- 5 Watfr1odancLlmer1ic March 8 1,139 5 7i 588 6 8
5TATW OPe TJWJB. MAI :CHETER, 3fARcR St. There is v fair demand from-the_homne-trade houses forall inds of goods adaptedto the spring .trde, and shipper to InaLa anad China.re also in the maret, but ibusiness is Ichecked bythe firmness of nices and their continued up. ward tendency. Spinners ave obtained a slght, though very slight, concession on the of cotton deal at Iaverpool, and buyers of mgnufactured goods here, who watch themnarket for the raw material at tis periodef the spring with some ani,ety, have become exceedinglyeautious. The fabricsthat go off best ae 36-inch shirtings,:printing cloths, and doinestics, There is sufficient demand also for 40-inch shirtings. to induce manufacturers to hold out for rather better terms. The business in domestics has not beea sufficient to give any impulse to prices, but tfie makers of P t se q command extreme rates. In yarns there sias been less bunaes3ts Fi5wQk J)i fot Xp exnort and home consumption. Prices, howvever, reheassn tig&. - BIRMrGHA,- IdARCA711'5. The state of the iron trade in the South Staffordshire distict remains nnsatisfacto, and undersellingis, accord. ing to all accounts, upon the -ncrease. The erders from the United States at ths season are more than isually limited, -fewer than they have been for some years past,-but, should the present differences between the British and the Axneican Governments be speedily and satisfactorily aijusted, there can be no doubt that the demand for Staffordshire iron in the States will, for a time at least, be larger than ever known; such are the anticipations of many leading members of the trade. Several houses in the district are offering bars at 8.; but the principal and less needy establishmentg mnaintain 9!., ad are not likely to alter before the meeting of the trade, WMich is to .be held on the 27th of the present month. Whether present pxices will be supported, or there will be a decline, depends greatly not only upon what mnay then be the position in which this country stands with the United Staites, but upon the result of the Peace Conferences at Paui5 If all questions in dispute-European andAmerican-are amicably seFtled, there need be no Bear of a reduction in the price of iron; but if uncertainty should then exist, and orders continue as slack as theyare atpresent, there is little doubt, however strongly the makers of best qualitieg m3ay exert themselves in support of exsting rates, that a fall must take place. It is contended by experienced masters that with mine pigs at from 41. -s. to 41. IOz.. per ton it is iapossible to make good bars at Sl. per ton; but, if theI price of pigs, coal, and labour were reduced proportionately they coula at that price (S1.) compete more successafy than at present with the Belgian and German makers. The pigmakers, however, complain that for- best qualities they j are scarcely able to obtain a remuncrative price, and they I canot, consequently, afford to make further reductions. A good continental and Transatlantic demand would immediately put an end to this unsatisfactory state of the iron manufacture. In consequence of a decrease in the demand for eoals, and the accession of supplies fiom neow pits, prices are upon the decline, but at present not to an extent which wil afford any very seuside aid, to the iron manufacture. The new qualities introduced into the district are said, in consequence of the quantity of sOl the possess, to be -unsuited to the make of iron. There will, however, be this material advantage derived froni the discovery of new mines-superior coal at lower prices will supersedeinferior qualities for domestic use, wlhile the latter will be more readily obtained at cheaper rates for the supply of the neighbouring furnaces. This effect in a sAight degree has already been efiected. The Ulverstone ore is now being brought into South Staffordshire in great quantities, and the disputes which existed between the iromnasters aud the London audlNorthWestern and other railway companies with respect to the rates of conveyance have been amicably arranged. It hapw pens, fortunately, that the supply of the Ulverstone stone has now become readily accessible, when native new mine white ironstone is daiTy becoming scarce. The heavy foundries of the South Staffordshire districts are said to be slack, and several extensive establishuments bare been compenled to reduce their hands. Fxom all we hear, however, this slackness is not generaL The -war has, unquestionably,diminished foreign worl, as seen by the last returns of the Board of Trade, but, as 'we have been informed, there has been a good demand for engirne work, although not so great as when railways and navigation comparies required engines more urgently t.han at the present tnme. The manufacturers of MSachester have also obtaned orders for engines required even in Birmingham, when they couldhave been made as speedily andas cheaply in the irnmiediate neighbourhood as in Lancashire -'bnt if foundry 'work is dull there is a prospect of its 'speedy revivaL In addition to the contracts we mentioned a fortniight ago, various raldway companies have advertised specifications and forms of tender for the supply of every description of ironandironL foundry. The Midlada Coip any requires 250 tons of fishing Dlates, 50 tons of fishing bolts, 1,500 tons of chairs .o be recast from old metaL The South-Eastern is also in the market, and solicits tenders for ironasles, general iromnongerytools,flles,steel, steel-springs, sheet brascs and copper, tins, tin-work, tubes, fiuished brasswork, lead, zinc, and other metals, lamps, glass, &c. The requiremen.ts of the South Staffordshire Company (now engaged in the formnation of the Cannock branches) are for the present 2,500 touk of rails. The diversified manufactures of Birmiugham and the nveig,hbourhood are inaniate, although banclhes ale very busily emloyed. Among the lattwer may be mentioned smith work, more especially that required in the manufacture of gun-carriages. The orders, several of which are to a very considerable amount, are frol the Ordnance officials at Woolwich, and are required to be executed 'with the greatest speed. Some departments of saddlers' ironmongery for exportation areactive; hutthehomede,nand is described as Siat. Country ironanongers, in the present state of public afihirs, are lotha to give orders, many from an expectation that ere long there will be an increase in the discounts of iacters; but in this respect, if we are correctly informed, it iS nlot inprohabletbatthey 'ivll beinistir en, more especially as regars brass and copper goods. The glass trade continues remarkably dulL. For waindowv glass in particular, in consequence of the flatness of the building business, there is a very limited devand; but the operatives employedinthat business are generally, if not fully, in work There are several good orders in the town for military buttons, but in the other branches of the brass button business there is very little doing. The pearl button trade is also far from br-isk, and a recent failulre (though not to a very large amount) has by no means improved its present aspect. The spade and agricultural imuplement mwanufacture 1'S as busy as at ulsually is at this period of the year, when tilage and farnian-r business is in fulloperation. The remarkablyfinae weather of' the last week or ten days has given a considerable imnpetus I to this branch of Birmningham manufacture, and, large quxtities of husbandry and garden tools have beenl sent v£f to all parts3of the country. The general edged-tool business has partaken in some degree of this impJrovemuenta and many of oar makers in the town and neighbourhiood have ha1 their manulbtories more than usually well employed uipon the spring demand and Government contracts. In the course of the present w eek; the affairs of Mfessrs. Roffords and Wragge-so far as tShe Stourbrid,ge :Bank is concerned-were againi bxought before thle Birmiinghatu I)i3trict Court of Baukruptcy. It was an apointed meeting for the declaration of a further, if not a final dividend, hut it wvas agin adjourned!, without costs to the estate, for a 'week. The object of the adjournmenet wasa to allow time to 'brinig intO the dividend the proceeds of somee property which has recently been realised to the amount of about 700L. or S007. The amnount of the dividend to be declared 'will be about 6d. in the pound, 'whicb, with the formuer dividend already declared, will make a sum of 2s. 5d. in the pound to the creditors. The affairs of the Bromagrove branich and the private estates of the bankrutpts wvere not before the Court. A further small dividend may hereafter be made, if a debt proved by the assignees against the estate of a creditor now in course of administration in Chancery be realised and a few other doubtfell debts tur outt wlel. An imnportanit meeting has been held in the P'ottenies during the 'week, and was attended by several infruential| manufacturers of the nieighbourhood. fIts object 'was to memoraiizc the Governmuent with the view,to the abolition of the duties upon lFrench imports, upon a similar measure,j being adopted by the French Governmuent with regard: to the duties upon English manufactures. The potters imagine that if free trade in its integrity 'was establishedhetween E3ng,land and Frzance the consumption of their 'wares wouldbheimense. It was stated by one of the speakers that t;here were only niine pottery manufactories an France, and that, although the finest porcelain 'was'in ulse, the conmmonest crockenrwas comparatively seldom-to be met 'with. It is hardly nsecessary to say that a proposition 'which pro. mised such advantages to their local products met with universal approbation. The merchants and manufacturers of Wolverhamptron have, in imitation of Birmingham, Manchester, Bristol, and other large commaercial conmmunities, resolved upon establishing a Cthamber of Commerce in that toTn The projected establishment of a new joint stockc bankn company in Birmingham, mentioned last 'week, and withl a prospectus of which'we were favoured, does not appear toI progress very favourably. The same may be said of another proposed establishment of a similar kind, announced, as it would appear, somewbhat fabulously, and of 'which it 'was stated an en-Myor o,f 35irmnighamn was to be the chairman.I B th projects are at least in a dormant state. We are now' mnolrmed that a third speculative joint-stock bank is afloat, under thetitle of the "Midland andN orthera Bank" The proposed capital is 1],000,000., in 10,000 shares, establishments to be opened in Liverpool, Manchester, Birmingham, and ieeds. The scheme is considered to be more feasible than the two former, but it does not appear probible that it wll receive much support in Birmingham. The bankng concerns of the town are generally deemed amply sufficient for the wants and accommodatiorn of the commercial and manufaturing community of the town and nelghbourhoodso, at least, appear to think those who, if a necessity arose, would be the first to enter and support any new undertaidng. At a special meeting of the Birmingham Rallway Wa-. gon Company, held inthe early part of the week, a dividend at the rnte of 7d per cent. per annum was declared, the directors being reiained by the deed of settlement from dividinga larger sum for the first ten years, during which tine the surplus earnings are to be invested in the purchase of additional stock It was stated that the profits. enL the half-year's business 'would have jstfied the distrn- bution of 1G per cent. in dividend. The shareholders resolved ulpon authorizing the onversion of the company into one of ].mited liability. NOTINGITh2d, RLRCH 15. Business in thehosierydepartment of local mamufactureand trade continues tolerably brisk, and prices are very firm. We have not had many buyers during the week, but ill hands are fuly occupied in completing the orders previously. received, and they will continue busy until the arrival of American buyers for the fall, vhose appearance is now look-ed for weekly. Their orders, it is bewseved,Mwil be:of. an unusually heavy description, the past season having been agood -one, and there beingeve appearance of a heavy f de- nandthe States. Yarns hve a further tendency upwards in price. The' lace warehouses have not been visited-this week by so many buyers as during the two weekspreviondy, but they are no doubt busy at home. 3anufacturers are fully enSSS4d iu making 'UP elders tifly for tiag bhorn supply ; but there isa further de dIor godi by ti,astE IremAmerica, Thedemand for worsted hosieryhasIbI.I*eeyse There has b een something doing for the A-mriaj.It x buttnot to any great extent. -The tride in woolle, very dull, at. prces rarely remunerative, as mRaua cannot obtain an advace for Their art Leles im.propbrt- thhgh rates paid for yarnls. ~The houme trade-i gen !er ;inactive, and prospects are not by any means ita' Th vohnul-mrt isfirni, and prices are ttill lookingnul Respecting yarns, the markret is very firm, without evetr,capnayXedxtensive demnand. . fur'hez- ris is o' anticipated.- The moollen-cloth trade inthistonanddc n brisk, nearly the -whole of -Lhe- man-acturers -bein g employed, and thectureutdemand beingequaltohIlie st The stocks in the cloth-halls of this tow have beo 'on ably dimniiisho. -sths9 the 1a f weeksi and -*eV not ot&en been seen lower zinafn tbe e at jxes - prospect of a speedy peace becoming more definitoian tain, according to the general opinion of the publiopr England and France, a considerable degree of b'oyai manifested in trading and commercial circles. Whal issue many be thewriter of this Vw1 not atemut to specs but there is no doubt that,tbe presentactivtyinthewa manufacture is paati owing to the expectation pf). at an early day, which, for a time at let, be followed by an increase in. the export tradeof wool Frem the aggregate extent of the parchases of seasoz goods for the home trade this week 'bybuyers -who visited-Leeds from London, Ireland, Scotland, and ghe I provincial towns in Enagland, there is reason to beheve there is no excessive accumulation of woolen fabrics ir hands of the retail dealers; bout that, on the contrary, st are below rathler than above a fair average. Anything undue speculation has not been seen of late in the ti and purchases have been and still are made with cire spectiou and care. From these ana other circumstanc es ilferred that, whether war or peace should prevail s the close of the Paris Gonferences, nothing like a revul ' of the present brislness of the woollen mnanufacture take place. From this account of 'the general condition of Tie st manufacture of this locality, it will be anticipated'that markets in the cloth-halls are very goodo. ubtless t are, and to-day there has beeu a good attendance, Ta considerable quantity of cloth, more especially light 1 tres, has been sold. It is worthy of observation, howe; that, owing to the general activity of the tde, fewier go are brought to the markets than in duller times, and li are made to order. Wools, both for combing and, lothingproses,remv veryfirm inprice, nrudhave an npwiartendenkc. h' for blanket purposes are wit'hout alteration since last we The report fromh Badford this week shows that orsted trade is irprovling. There is a fair seasonable mnand for idece goods, i ne i the prices of the mangifacth article and the raw material are setag into a vee oropf tion to each other. - The Halifax market this day has beera moderately actin and prices of goods and yarns, as well as of tools, are ve firm Upon the whole, there is a tendency fosa wricT Trade, r f not wholly p rostrate, is without any sort of a mahion, and bsiness is so slack thatthose engagedin it fa low, as regards the present period, all but a very profitl, pursuit. They tell youthere iS ]iterally "nothing doint andwien the mesiny and serious burdens with which pablic is saddled for wax and other purposes are taken inaccount we cannot feel much suatorisethat this is the cas Besldes all this, money is dear. Those who ave it ace uar tlcus as to whom and on what security they advance it, a traders have no encougeBent toincur a heavyintere during the existing oftngsid conition of coalnto rtci alpiro. These circumsainces, addedt to or occasioert by-it matters not which-the ncertain wosition s pol]itical afYaiss, account more satisfactorily tha agrek ably for thbe prevailing dulness, an are by no meai calculated bo reconcile the mercantile and trAn COID miunity to a statS of things so very inimical to'cotmm& cial progress and prosnerity.Le shp,owvrth the echo of "peace," now so fre uently repeat, e is not falIacious forewasunig, andfthat rtee retpena ted, will shortly enable commerce toassumethat air of elasticitY that degree of buoyancy and vigour, which it can nevei enjoy during the active progress of " crel war." lhe Customse receipts for the weelk, to Thursday inclusivej were 17,37N. against 16,4901 last week. ThefollowinglE an absract of duties received at the port of Dublin for the week ended March 8:- At Smlithfield, on Tlmnsay, there 'was a fair amnount of unsiness done, o6iDg principally to an active demand fux The Enagiish market. 'B sulpply was modera nd pre-i iots prices experienced m o -notsworthy change. The provision-market w;as again rather higher, but, verg slightly 80,. than last wieek. On the Stock-Exchange there prevailed during the week a, greater degree of nimation than for some weels past, and a. fair share of business was accordingly transacteLd The increasing confidence in the peace movement, faint tllough it be, imparted a degree of buoyancy to the fuuds whice ther maintained steadily during the last few days. There were considerable dealings in shares, but, except in the instanqe' of the Purdy's, which advanced a quarter, there was no iiaprovemient in prices. There was a smle of Ringstown t e at 157, the firt thathavetaken placeformiany monlths pa*, BELFAST, iuslcss 14.-' Iinen.-The turn noted in ur last, relative to the line, trae, continnesto act on malkets. Active demand from; foreign customers gives fell employment to bleachers; and the mncreased Teouiremnents of the home trade wil stil further stimulate general business Prospects indicate better prices; and, if the present sady course of consumption continuefor a few weeks, advaniced rates must rale transactions. In the larger warehouses the bal; of stoclc has not increased, nor is it likely to accumulate, except the supply of goods frDm the loom and the bleachfield maka some large advances. Light fabrics are in fair request. Damasks and diapers were a steady sale at Lurgan. Ballymena had large supplies forward on Saturday. Sales pretty'active. AL better trade in yarns was effected, and the market generally seems more hopefuL Linen warps go off' at full rates. Mediunm wefts may be quoted a shade lower. Spinners seem very confident as to values, and the indications are favourable. !lax.-The quantity cf flax brought forward by thefarmers in the different markets during the last fortaighb. has been nearly the samne as the previous one. The demau&d still continues for prime hand-scatched, medium, and finenilled. In Cootehlll Ballibay, 3fonaghan, and Aughnacloy about 70 tons hand-scatched, at from 5e. to Ss. per stone of 16S1b. In Armnah, Coolksosw Taudragee, and Rathbriland about 83tons milled, from 7s. AdL to 12s. 6d. per stvone of 1621b. In foreign f'ax little doing. Cotton.-Our local cotton mills are pretty 'well employeit Sales of gray nulins bave beendull 1or the lasgotnght, and, as production continues large, the quantity of goods im the hands of our maufacturers is rather bulky for thee season. Prices are fully as high as they were in January, andthe prospects would indicate an improvementboth nm yarns and goods. ufuAlis for the foreign markets have: aen more in large parcels; the dermand continues very fair and rates firm. WVeavers are not so ach sought after, butwe do not bear of anybands being idle. 'We'see by the Paisley paners that the fancy weavers of that town have' had a meeting on what is called "the small shot question.' At that meeting it 'was stated that, owing to some local. grievance, the -workpeople coild not clear more than 7s. orSs. a-week. The change of patterns, it was saidA often. caased an outlay of 21., and sometimes 41. onthe men in the, frst instance. Draw-boye wages had advanced to 7s. a- week, and when the weaver paid all those incidental expenses his net earnings scaracely exceed that of his drawboy. The plaid 'weavers in Belfast and the rural districts are, consequently, at preseat able to earn considerably more than the fuinons fancy operatives of Paisley. NlIany of thew first-class hands engaged on fine lawnms in this country ate able to earn 12s. a-w eek. ..................................h_.
THB A-TrsTs' GxNmEAL; Bmizvorm-iT INsMTiIONr. -The 41st anniversarj festival of this useful institution wit. celebrated on Saturday evening by a samptuous entertain.-. meant at Yxeemaonsib-alL The party waxs ecedangly select, and included many of the artistical celebrities of thei day. The chair was occupied by Lord Stanley, iM.F., anti in the immediate vicinity of his Lordshi were observed ther a,rl Stanhope, Sir Chaxles 1. Eastlke, 9 A Sirvllia1w C. Ross, Aa , Sir C. Barzy, Ir. David obertrs i. Crewick, RA. lr. W. B. Frost, RL ., Ifs. Alderman Spier4a Mr. Jacob Bell, and other gentlemenA The noble chaitv, whose peculiar tone of voice rendered himn, at; times, inaudible, proposed the -toast oF t,he ev nug-" Prosperity to. the Artists' General BenevolentInstitution"-ihe a speech of unusual length and of a; very e.xcursive character. To his Lordship's abstract discourse on Art in general it is manifestey ae of our -owerto do justice. Amsrregaodsthe charis itself, his Lordship wras content to dwell on thie statistica}L proofsof itsrapidriseingenerailestimuation, and thlecontinued confidence reposed in it by the public. The Artists' General Benevolent Institution wras founded in 1814. Its object is to~ extend relief to distressed meritorious artists, whether subscribers to its funds or not, "whose works have been generally known and esteemed by the public, as well as to their widows and orphans ;" merit and distress constituting theclaims to its benevolence. For the attainment of means tob accomuplilsh permanently tlis desirable end, the Council of the .&tistW General Benevolent Institution appeal with confidenco to the liberalityof the public, while theyrespectfu]ly and earnestly invite the attention of the patrons of the finar to the objects of this titution-ob3ects so. estonsivW as to stand in need of enlaized and continued support. 1t; appears that, from the establishment of the society iu 114to 1ecember, 1851, 3,W93 dornations have been granted, im sums amounting in the aggregate to 14,4931.; thlns showin< that the average of such donations has, from the limnitet means at the disposal,of the society, been, of necessity, smalL These figures, although extracted from the report; la before us on Saturday, would appear to be rather out o£ date; but the noble chairman was understood to say that; the girand total number of cases relieved up to the presenttime amounted to 1,547, and thle sum totdawaarded to about; 18,001. It wrould be well, i future, to supply the very latest information in the printed reports, and to distributc them before dinner. " The Health of Thenoble Chairmau" (Lord Stanley, M.P.), was proposed by Sir C. Eastlake. Earl Stanhope afterwards delivered a long speech wherein his Lordship alluded to the proximate publication of the "lPeelraper&" (byhimndited),and snnounced the dedication of 1001. to the charity as the " first fruits" of the" 1eol testimonial." A subscription of 6041: )including this 1001.) was subsequently announced. The arrangement of the dinner,underthe newproprietoraof the tavern, ga'vegeneral satisfaction. The vocal music (conducted by Mr hatton) was choice and dlssical, and very eficiently interprete(1 by Mr. Francis, Mr. and 3sm C. Lockey, and Mr. and Mrs. Weiss. Mr. Felix Yiggins officiated as toastmaster. We W"t not oiitto statetmt co-Pes of engravmis tran two. of Turner's paintings ("tbe Valo of Macon" and the -" Wreck of the eIinotano") ware exhibited in the hall, as the gift of Lord Yarborough, srho has presented the copy. i&bt to tV A;tis5 (ne Bm o&Wt bstution,
IBRRLAlD. (rao:i OuR OWN coMIRMpoin.,.r-I D1BLT, S&roUnn&Y M°oNnWG. ITABILIF.g OF TlE TIPPEARva BA ; l Be TdhiW MBercantile Advertiser puts forward I following xtatement in reference to the liabiliof the 'Tipperary Bank. The endeavour to en the magnitude of a public evil is, no doubt, ditable to the writer; but, in a-case of this d,it is belter to be prepared for the worst, and ebing :r.ore substantial than mere hearsay is to strengthen the belief that the deficit to made up by the shareholders is less by one-half it waa represented at the heainng before the str of thes Rolls: 'On accourt of the serious. interests involved and tho mety so generallyprevailing on the subject, we have de inquiries as to tme probable extent of the liabilities the unfortunate Tipperary Bank, and the result is that ey we not litely to prove so formidable as they have been resented-fiat the gross amount of the debts has been -iaerably exaggerated; while, on the other hand, thle ;ets have ben estimated at a figare far below the sum ateventually may be available. At tee hearing of the e before the Master of the Rolls, statements were made the eftect thit the liabilities amounted to about 400,0001., e the assets were so low as 35,0001. We are assured 2m quarters likely to be well informed that the liabilities all probability will not exceed 300,0004., while the assets, th. careful and judicious management, mDay produce a,000. - In that case, exclusive of all the expenses of the jeding uss, tlere would be about 200,0001. to be made up the shareholders-a sum so enormouas, we admit, that e courld ha little hope of ever extracting it from the sponsible parties. An arrangement or composition has ea spoken of; and, doubtless, that would be the best r55 for all rarties, if it were carried out with promptide and in a vigorous as w,ll as an equitable spirit. To bet tbat objea, it is a matter of paratneouxt ituportance it the officiat manager should be a man of the boundest Id clearest juligment, thoroughly conversant vwith commersl business, and firm and just as well as prmdent and disiminating in his proceedings in the settlement of the very lplicated aflairs of this bank. An able and judicious axaget couldl effect the greatest good, but an incapable licer would greatly aggravate all the existing evils in the ncern as regards creditors as well as cor,tributories." WTiti respect to 3!r. Jamea Sadleir, the ex-official tanager of the swindle, a Tipperary paper (the Yinkator) believes-no great stretch of imaginationlat he intends to resign the representation of the ounty. Hi3 constituents, it innocently adds, are in aliy expectation of the event, and he is told that he contimies longer insensible to his true position uis constituents may read him a sharp lecture upon Ihe duties of resignation. CO.N'I=Oh FOP M DEu. A woman named Agnes Bums has been convicted tDown Assizes for the murder of Blargaret Withers, it Saintfield on the 25th of February last. Justice En this case ims been prompt-a period of little more Fhan a fortnight having intervened between the =o=m.ssion of the deed and the conviction of the murderess. The facts of the appalling tragedy will be found embodied in the following extract from the Jo$lhei'm WMlig, and, as that journal remarks, the nnalns of, English crime inL the rural districts conlain nothing more foul than the details of this coldblooded, deliberate murder, perpetrated in what has hitherto been esteemed the model county of Ireland :- "lMargaret Withers was a poor old woman wh& kept a Pnal huxter'u shop in the town of Saintfield. Within three doors of her house lived twvo sisters, Agnes Bumns andMary We,i, who were in the habit of making purchases i the shop of theirneighbour, a relation of tleir on. On the evening of the 22d of last month the two sisters, liavin- meard that asunall sum of money had come into the ola womins possession, took counsel together how they should Siill hter and cbitain the object of their diabvlical avarice. !1hey determined on a plan, and they deliberately proceeded tothe old woman's shop, and there, while she was serving ~±hem with some articles of her littlc stock, they fell :on her 3nd, urdered her. When the deedwas dote fear seems to have fallen upon them, and theyv were unable to prosecute their search for the wages of theirsin. Al that they could ind was a few pounds of butter, and thi they carried off as the Sole fruits of their bloody deed. Even tiat fear, however, which a-ppears to have been the last thread that bound thenm to humanity-even that fear passed avay, and in a few-hours aftEr the murder was committed one of the sisters L recovered her self-possession sufficiently to go out and endeavour to dispose of the scanty spoil. The price at -which she of ers it attracts attention, and, linkby li the amerring chaiL of circumstantial evidence is forged around The murdereses . Their arrest and committalfollow, and, as a cliama to the unnatural features of the case, one of the %-retches turns approver, and on the evidence 5he gives her iister is convicted. The final act of the tragedy will follow X its course." MURDER 1T TIIE SOIUTH. The following letter from Idmerick appears in &sIcl,der's Yewsletter of th iz day .- " . mnost btrbarous murderwas committed in the vicinity -of Pallas-green, county of Lirnerick, on Sonday night, the 11th inst. A respectable farmer's son, Mlr. 'Thomas IGl?Grath, was returning from one of his farms about the -hour of 10 p-m., in company with his servant man, and -without any apparen' cause wvas -waylaid and murdered --,ithin a quar-er of a mile of his father's house; An inquest qaa held onta le 13th inst. by Lr. Thomaz Costello, coroner .of the district, and a post nprltemn examinatioa made by the miedical officez of the district, Dr. Ryan, when it was ascer-tained that the entire of deceased's skull was so much fractu-ed that he could not have survived more than one hour.- -fe juxy found a verdict of wilful murder against two persons, one of vhm is arrested, and it is to be hoped the other will be very woon brou-iht to justice. It is very much to 'he regretted that there is such afhciltyafforded now to all -ares for tLe sale of whisky. In the neighbourhood of Mauas-green, a country district, within a circle of 10 miles -there are no less 50 or 00 wretched hovelsall licensed to *se3 whisky; .and, while such a state of thingS is pannitted -and encouragedl it is not to be wondered at that crime of pevery descriptEon should be on the increase." THE FUNDS. Three per Gant. Consols, 914 - '- ditto for account, Sth April, 924- New Three per Cenat.Stock (shut), 92i; ditto 'for accounta, &as April, 921; Dublin and Ringstown Rail-u-Ay Debentuies, Four per Cent. of 1001., OS; Hibernian :iBlld, 25S. pa, 314; ?fational Bank of Ireland, 221. 10s. maid, 30a; .rand Canal Company, 1001. paid, 38; Mining iompany of Ireland, 71. paid, 134; ditto, for account, 14. Eialways-Belfast and Ballymena, 50t. paid, 47h; Dublin =nndelfast 3unction, 45l paid, 42X ; Ditto (paidin full) 501. waid, 4T x. d.; Dublin and Wickllow, 10l paid, for account, ,,4; Great Soulthern and Western, 501. paid, 524; ditto ti~gths, Sixc rer Gent. Pre£., 0. 5s., 7 x. int-; Ditto (paid in full), 20l., L9; M idland G;reat Western and Royal Canal LI1lI Shares, 25ii. 244; lNewr, Warrenpoint, and BostreVO;r, 201- pa:d, for account, 4g.
A2om'0 BuGLAILY n- YonxsHmz.-On Satur-ay morninga burglary of a most desperate character was ,perpetrated a; the house of Mr. Frederick Birtles, stone3merchant, EIindsworth Quarries, near Sheflleld. Mr. Birtles occupies a lonely house near his quarries, and about -1aIf-past 1 o'clock on Saturday morni' NIs wife was awoke by a mobe of persons boring at the'cellar kitchendoor. She informed her husband who sleeps in the room -erver the cellar-litchen, and he instantly jumped out of i,ed. The rotbers heard the noise and at once took to their ShweeL. Mr. BDrtles slipped on his trousers and ran after thesua leavinn the door unfastened. lie caught one of -themil a field at a short distance, andtheoneimmediately .called out for assistance. A second man ran up, and the two threw Lr. Birtles down. One of them, who was wnmed with a ilife preserver (a liable stick, with z large lump of lead at the end), placed his foot 3pon MIr. M13tIes' troat, and said to the other, EWMe have the - fast now, you go and ransack the aiouse." The second man left for the purpose, and Mr. Pirtles mrde ra attempt to get upon his feet, upon -which the man who was keeping guard over hins struck him a violent blow o a the leg, and another on the side, with the -ife preserver. In the meantime si- men entered the bedroosnwhere lIrs. Birtles and the youngest child were in J,ed, all wearing crape over their faces, and two of them .orzmidably ained, one with a sledge-hammer and the other -with r. spade. The two men 'who were amed stood over r Birtles and demanded thelceys, She persisting in sayIng that she hid not gotthent, one of the men was sent to 9r. Birtles ts demand them. Me said he had notgot them, telbingthenmiato searchIhim. The man did so,taking out of ViS pockets apurse containingsome silver, butnot findingthe keys. On. t-s man's return to the house, the robbers -threatened A&s. Birtles' life if she did not find the keys, 4rnd shewasso terrified that she got oat of bed and fetched -Elem from h,-r dress pocket. The men then proceeded to nsack the house, and found in the drawer of a box 201. ia -Motes, 9'. in gold, and a ife policy for 2001., of all of which -tey at once lossessed themselves. While these proceedings -were going on Ms. Birtles aniouslv inquired whether they jbad murdered her husband, and en; of the villains replied, -.4JNo, we'll bring him back-, and he shall breakJfast with us 4Dff some of this ham," pointing to some hams suspended irorn the top of the room. The search was a prolonged one, 4.ad the man Leeping guard oveer Mr. Birtles began to shiver with cold, and inquired whether his prisoner would lie still if he tied his handsfast? 7Mr.Birtles' answer was, "Yes, I think you've given me enough to makie me do that." -The man at once proceeded to tie Mr. Birtles' hands itogether in front of him -with a piece of strong ord, and, la-sing done so, left hiia lying on the S:zouzd. Befcre the men had got many yards away, B]§. Birtles had bit the string in two, jumped upon 3is feet, andrmn towards the nearest houses, which were at the distance ocf 300 yards, and are occupied by his workmen, trying "Murder" as he ran. The man ran after hiin for 100 yards, but finding Mr. Birties too-faeet of foot. gave up the chase. IM r. Birties' cries were beard by the burglars in the house, ono of whom called out, "Olf, lad !" to the men in the house, and to i seventh maav who had been keeping -Watch at the door, and, in the words of Mfr. Birtles, "- Oif they went like shot." Mr. Dirties found the house deserted Igy the thieve3 on returning with some of his men. At a ]Ater period, two of the 5g.-notes were found in a hedge 3bottom, about 50 yards from the house, having beenL proJAbly dropped by the thieves in their hasty retreat.- Near the notos were. found a couple of thrift boxes belonging to t he children, ocataining a mall suzw of money. All the robbers-eight in number-had their faces coyered with Crape. BoxAN CJmowI0BP NsAPAERI mnhRP0oL--The first number of a, new -wokldy'new;es called the Zivmrwool Cafliolic Guesrdian, was published on Saturday, ganingthe tlird organ Which that body have started in that t4W WFahi a little iaore tl= two months.
PO.LAiD AND THE GOYFERENCES AT PARIS. DIRPUPAIPMV. rri) TA'IT-?nA3AT.%rV'Dt!lVf%Nr On Saturday a deputation, consist'of the Marquis of Brelbane, theMarquis Townaherid, iiscountcingynthem p tP.; Colonel Pinney, Mtt .; Mr. i. Beales, Mwr. W. L Birkbeck, and Captain Chares Szulcaewski had an inter. aied whimwitl Lord ?almerstoni for the purpose of presenting to him a memorial from the Literary Association of the Friends of. Poland. The aruis of BRP AIzvAtX ia introducing the deputation, observed that he and the gentlemen who accompanied him had waited upon Lord Paimerston in behalf of a society which - was established soon after the conclusion of the Polish war of indejpendence, in 1830-31, and had since been occupied ia difrusing infor-mation respecting Poland, with a view to strengthen the interest felt for it by the English people, and in alleviating the misfortunes of the Polish exiles, who, after that war, were compeUed to seek an asylum on our shores,-a society which always considered that it was its duty, -whenever an opportunity offered fir effecting any Asmeliorition in the condition of that unfortunate country, to urge apon the Tarliament and the Government the propriety of not allowing itito escape. The noble MUarquis then read the memLorial, wlhich was addressed to the Prime :Minister, as follows.- " Your memorialists, induced by the very critical circn;mstances of the times, and by the importance of the great diplomatic meeting tow assembled at Paris, have ventured to approach you with an expression of their feelings with respect to the causo thev have so long advocated ia coaumon with some of your Loradship's colleagues. "1 They are emboldened to do so by the consideration that a groundwork exists on which to take theirstand in the fact of the cause of Poland having been pleaded by a British Minister (and not by him alone) at the Congress of Vionna, as the first and most urgent want of Europe, that the stipulations then consented to, however ill they may have been fulfilled, still remain binding on Russia, and that the signature of the British Plenipotentiaries of 1815 remains for ever indelibly affixed to that treaty, which has been notoriously and scandalously violated by the Power whori our saccesses have, at Lest, enabled us to bring to account. ",It is our firm trust that Her Majesty's present Governmenlt, traditionaly bound to the support of liberal principles at home and abroad, and in that faithearnestly backed by the country, now identified with the party that has unflinchingly rmaintained those principles through various fori tunes for a century and a half, 'wil never willngly recede in the least from the just and once formally admitted demands of a Tory Ministry in favour of Poland. "HEowever negtlected in the interim, the obligations of Russia towards Earope in favour of Poland are still lawfully in force, and the strength of pubEec opinion in behalf of lPoland has increased a hundredfold since those obligations wero frst ircurred, and will increasewithenlared knowledge of the subject and conviction of the justice of its cause. " If, in 1831, '*henRussa was strong, there were reasons, rather prudential than well founded, which deterred former and weaker Mtinistries from pressing the claims of Poland, these claims ought nowf to be doubly enioreed on her under the altered circumstances of Russia and the bolder action of our Government. " Let the treaty of peace impendiw.z be what it may as to its immediate and more urgent provisions, the foundations on which it is to rest and is expected to last-if it is not to be a mere repetition of the Peace of Aiaiens-must stand on their own merits as to the balance of power in Europe, which-may reasonabl be supposed its object. But as long as the question of Poland remains unsettled, so long the weak point of European stability remains where it was, and the balance of power is, as it were, out of equilibrium. And this because Russia, though in this war she ma,y have been severely wounided, has, as yet, suffered no sufficient material or permanent injury to impair her territorial and political position of predominance towards Europe, which will net to altered so long as she maintains her present hold of Poland. " So long therefore as this point remains unprovided for any treaty of peace to be concluded with lussia on such imperfect grounds nnust necessarily remain pro teatdo an incompleteandineffiientsecurity for the libertiesand the traiiquilllty of Europe. thef, as it aseems to be put forward, the allies are acting in tename and on-tho behalf of Turkey, that implies, of course, a determination to require of the enemy all that aTukey has a right too require, and would require, on her ow at a seb csl the strength of the allies. " 4 t te sae tmeXthe allies arc acting with n view to the future security of Europe, they ought equally to exact all that Europe has a right to require for that purpose from Ruassia. "Now, Poland is at once the natural ally of Turkey against Rlussia, and, at the same time, the geograplical bulwark of Europe against Pussia; her reinstatement therefore in strength and independence mnust be a great political object from either point of view. "If, then, the allies,victorious, are in a position to reqnire from Ruassia all that as both due and expedient, not only to Turk'ey, but to Eulrope and fail to do so, the enemy comes out of the quarrel rather the gainer than otherwise, for a mere dcwlay of 10 or 15 years is a trizleto one who bides her time. "Should the negotiations be concluded upon terms below what Europe has a right to expect will be efflicient for curbing Russia, tho result wihbe to indauce that Power to raise her pretensions. She would' thus be proclaimed to the world as being, single-handed, a match for all Europe, or at least for so much of Europe as the influence of the allies would prevail on to act cordially against her. And this success, it must be remembered, will be doubly flattering to a nation who have 'a superstitious faith in their own obstinate powers of resistance, in which they consider themselves suneriorto the whole world -when armed in the cause of Holy Russia. " Btut even in the narrowest view of the interests of Turkey it is impossible to overlook the importance of Poland as her neighbour either for good or evil. According to the rule under whicb she may be governed, she may be Turkey's and Europe's greatest friend, or compulsorilymado to act as their greatest enemy. "We are for from wishing to anticipate that Government will be under the necessity of following a line not exactly what it might have chosen, although peculiar circumstances may exist of which itisthe only judge. But as being many of us brought up in the almost religious belief, which the spirit of the last war called forth, that England W.as the first country in the world, and, as such, was equal to the duties and responsibilities of that position, it is daily more dishertemng to find her considered only as one among four or five of equal pretensions. " Such asshe was iniSS, when she led the way to a [ peace which bore far more severely upon the illegitimate gains of the then bold disturber of Europe than, it is feared, the peace now contemplated will bear against the more crafty disturber of the present day, such we desire to see Enigland again. We hope to see her with increased power experience, talent, and liberalitvr, really effecting the good now which she failed to do then, and turning the proviential opportunity that has occurred to the best account for stripping Russia of at least some of her conquests. " Among these, that of Poland is the most flagrant,-Poland, as early a free and constitutional country as England herself, a still earlier promoter of religious toleration, and the earliest emancipator of the Jews,-Poland, lastly and not least, almost the only modern example of a continental nation long and consistently striving after a freedom based on old constitutional foundations, and not on theoretical or violent revolutions. " By supporting Poland in anyway, or to any degree, vre should wpe off the standing yeproach of the last peace,which still clings to the name of England ameng the nations who complain that she deserted their interests after having made use of the credit of their cause. "It is only necessary to name Sicily, Saxony, and with Saxony Poland. We should revive the best of supports in a wiar of principle (whlich any war in the present age is likely to bbe, at its ending, if not at its egInning)-the support of the people, while immortalbonourwoula accompany the name of the MIinister who should have aided in the restoration of Poland. " It is on these many and important accounts that we humbly submit to your ILordship the earnest desire and hope which we entertain in common, we believe, with the majority of our countrymen, that at the Conferences at Paris some special instruction may be given to Her Majesty's Plenipotentiaries not to let the negotiations conclude without taking into consideration the situation and claims of Poland, with a view to the introduction of some positive stipulatiosn inher favour in any treaty of peace to be signed "On behalf of the Council of the literary Association of the Friends of Poland, " BRADAfLAN, President. "c aI M. ILOYD BIRKBECY, Hon. Sec. "Mharch lL" Mr. BEnLEs said that, although the deputation nominally only represented the Literary Association of the Friends of Poland, he believed that they did, in fact, represcenta very strong and general feeling existing in tho.conm try of regret that the var should be terzainated without any benefit to Poland, mingled with a deep and settled convic. tion that peace never couldbe establshed upon a sure and permanent basis without Poland being restored to the posiiaonl of an idependent State, since it was over the ruins of Poland onythatRussia was able to extend hersystem of aggression against Turkey and other States. This feeling might have been evoked by holding public meetings, bit 3many earnest friends of the cause being of opinion that such a course at this partioulor period, andwhiile the Conferences were in progress, might have the effect of embarrassing the Government, it wias thought better-and in this opinion that venerable statesman Trince Czartoryskd had coincided-to press the matter npon hisLordship's attention in tho shape or the nemoral which had been presented, and to urge upon him, as Prime Minister, the importance of the condition of Poland being taken into consideration at the present Coniferences at Ilaris. If it were not,-if nothing shouI4 be now done to repair the deliberate violations of the Treaty of Vienna which had been committed by Russia with regard to Poland,-then, Great Britain and France, parties to that treaty, would be considered, and justly considered, to have sanctioned those violations. The question of the restoration of Poland resolved itself into two branches,-that of the restoration of Poland as she was before the first partition in 1772, and that of the restoration of the Polish3dgdom constituted under the Treatyof Vienna. The firstwas what pure and strict justice required, hut if subsequent events and.the conficting interests of Austria and Russia should be deemed to render that too dihcult and complex a atestion to be brought forward at the p resnt Conference, t was at least the bounden duty of the representatives of Great Britain and France to insist upon the observance of stipulations to which they themselves had been parties. Mr. BmxDE4C , in reference to an observation which had fallen from Lord Palmeraton, said that, as segarded Cracow, La pretest against the~ aieatio had been made by the english and French Governments; bet that if peae were concluded without any notic being-'taken of the various infractions of the Treaty of Viena committed by Russia with reference to Poland the inevitable conclusion would be that the Westemn Powers had condoned those infractions. There wouldbegreatdanger inthis case. ThePolish nation, considering itself abandoned by the whole of Europe, would at length unite heartily with Rusia. During tbC present war considerable Adyantages had4 rs teo fom tho ieum greaof At 'eat One-y o uih Of the Rui a en i ed of soldiers diaffected to the Lpeor; bt , who had listoefor peac etnded without £iono themffoia beaig t tem alis of tho de,ualf ill great acquaintanc wiehi and iateost in thosubject, de. claredntdat theio should receivwtheearnest consi. deration of the Government, and the deputation withdrew.
BLACK AND GREEN TEA. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIS. Sir,-In reading the report of the investigations of Mr. ScholeS.eld's Coramittee on Adulteration of F?ood, &c., in your impression of Thursday last, I noticed a singular statement respecting tea-an article which, according to gentle. men connected with the trade, enjoys a wonderful inmunity from those corrupt practices by vhich the piblic is so grievous a sufferer. With regard to the alleged practice of tryiingthe tea in copper pans, in order to give it the fine green colour, vTe must take the word of these gentlemen, and hope that such is not the case; but when they tell us that both black and green tea are from one and the same plant, but differently prepared, they would have us believe too much. As Kew-gardens are now open oD the Sunday, let them t3ke advantage of it, andthey will find there both black anid green tea as distinct as any two species of the same genus possibly can be. They will know the black tea-thea bohke -by its small, nairow leaf, which is of a rather dark and sombre green, and by its generally delicate. growth. The greentea-thcirividiv-they will recognize by its larger and coarser leaf, its greater size, and more vigorous growth. Both plants bear the same blossom, which is like that of a white camaellia, to which natural order they belong, but the foliage in each plant is quite distinct. I will not attempt to enter into the subject of the artifi. cial colouring and adulteration of tea, my only object being to correct through your columns this trifling error, which might,s perhaps, otherwise bave been allowed to go unnoticed. I amu. Sir. yours obediently. YOUNG EYSON. I St. 3ary-at-B3, Maroh 15. RoYAL CoIJLEsG OF SioGEoNs.-The following gentlemen, having undergone the necessaty examinations for the diploma,were admitted members of the College at the meeting of the Court of Examiners on the 14th imst. : AMesrs. William Henry Rennie Bennett, St. John's, New. foundland;. John Eoran, Carrick-on-Shannon 2 Francis poole Lansdown, Bristol; Francis Scott, Crondall, lants; Bdward Henry 2May, Great Trini -lane; Jo1Frederick Mitchell, Cardigan; Christopher iieath, Gordon.s4ruare; WilL;am Orange, Torquay, Devon; Francis Thornas Bond, Weyniouth; lIenry Godrich, West Eromi)ton; Thoma;s Le,9is Robert, bJeryatwith, and. D?nvd. scird, I=. dovery,
- I .ZEM_ PE.AC CONPERfYCES. n-i the Econontis.) In our demratnds t-pon Aaamussa&wor at 'aris we muast ax eual aguo U extremes of unrasonable tiy and unreason 3tblt hotee We muist neither 19s8 sight of the special object Which he o nerd ences to secure, nor of the keculiar di±th>alties bY which the Attaimnent of that object Is surrounded. We are entitled fo expect that he shaU translate into a defiC'tivO treaty all that is essential in the preliminary terms of ?'w!e on the faith of which we have suspended hostilities. e0 are not entitled to require that this translation shall be mrnSO precisely in our sense, nor in the ipsisai7na lr&awhichwe Our. selves should have preferred to use. It is reasonable to expect, then, that neither the desire of our allies for peace, nor the pertinacity of Rlussia in seeking for a mitigation of accepted terms, nor the officious anxiety of Austria to help her where she can, shall be suffered to modify away one iota of the real meaning of the conditions which the Plenipotentiaries (be it remembered) are met not to discuss but to embody. No language muLst be used in expanding theui into a formal treaty wwhich at all impairs their obvious intention. No clause raust be admitted which may diminish their simple significance. No provisoes or parentheses which can militate against their stringency or give occasion for subsequent dispute as to their meanin, must be sutered. There must be no studied ambiguity of expression. It is the interest of all parties, if sincere-and we have a right to assumO the sincority of all-that not one of the terms shall be susceptible of a doable interpretation; that the document framed by so many experienced diploma. i tists shall be one which no mnan of ordinary intelligence can misunderstand, and no man of ordinary honesty can evade. How many wars have arisen from disputed interpretations of ill-drawn or cluxsily worded treaties! Even now weae threatened with one whichb has no other decent pretext. We have no right to expect that Lord Clarendon shall insist upon retaining the exact line proposed in December for the new Russo- fkrkish frontier, if his colleagues at the Coonference deem it fair antd convenient to modify this in favour of our antagonist, out of consideration for his surrender of Kars. WVhether tho boundary shall be drawn from the fortress Chotyin to the Salt Lake, or from some place lower down the Pruth, and whether the fortress itself shall or shall not be included in the cession,-are matters on which our Ambassador is not entitled to be stubborn or dictatorial if he stand alone, and as to which he may properly enougube courteous andconciliatory. Butwehavearight to expect that wherever the aew boundary line be drawn, it shall be far enough fromn theleibanrof the Danube tosecure to Turkey the entire control of the navigation of that river, and to take from Ru6sia all power or pretext of interferin- ith the Delta which she obtained in 1S29. This is doubly necessary; it is necessary i order to rescue the dgbouc7teenwu from the hands of a potentate who had turned his possession of it to such bad uses; and it is necessary in order to punish ussia by mnaking her pay in territory for her aggression on the territory of her neighbour. again. t would be unreasonable to expect that Lord Clarendon should insist upon carrying out the promised "neutrazaztion of the laczk Sea," by including in the arsenals anld fortresses to be destroyed Nicolaieff and the ports on the Sea of Azoft; if in the op'on of his colleagues their inclusion be not essential to the security of the object aimed at, and if Russia makes out a strong case fortheirexclusion. As we showed lastweek, thequestion presents real points for discussion, andthereforeforpossible concession. But we are entitled to require that the indisputable intention and meaning of the clause in question shall be steadily k-ept in view, and that its object shal be secured in the terms of the treaty. In otherlwords, since thlesecurity of Constantinople against possible capture by the sudden appiearance of an ov-erpowerig Russian fleet from the Rusine was the purpose of the demanded and conceded "neutralization," the definitive treaty shall not be so drawnu as to leave the Ottoman capital still exposed to that danger-that no number or size of vessels shall be agreed upon, and that no naval arsenals shall be retained, by means of which russia rnay be able, as before, to mnenace her neighbour, keep her in a state of perpetual disoGmfort, and eompel her to maintain large sea or Land forces for her protectionagainst a coup de min. The protecting clause of disarmarnient must be an effacient reality, and nota sham. L astly. lFe have no right to ex5pect that Lord Clarendon shall dictate to the Conference theprecise constitution which shall be given to the Principalities, nor the individual Hospodar or Viceroy who shall be set over them. We may have a predilection for forcing upon them a system of government similar to our own;n so may France; so may Austria. 2Bat no party is entitled to e.xpect that his owin pet crotchet should be indulged in so critical a matter. WhXat we are entitled to claim and to insist upon-anld what loard Clarendon cannot be permitted to wfaive ont this subject-is tLat " the Principalities shall have a Government suited to their wishes as well as to their wants,"-for this w-as promised by the preliminaries accepted at St. Petersburg. We are entitled to insist that no ntan s-hall be placed over them who has notorious Russian predilections or Austrian subserriences, or wvho is obnoxious to the inthabitants thermselves. We have engaged to consult those i;nhabitants, and we are bound to see that fthis consultation does not degenerate into an insult or a farce. We bav-e promised to these provinces such substantial independence and internal freedom as shall devrelope their incalculable resources, and our honour is concerned in seein,g to it that this freedom shall not be " a mocl;ery, a delusion, and a .snare." Russia, we are eertain, Twill endeavoutr to procure the establishment of such a consatitntion as will ensure only failure and confusion. Austria, we canot doubt, will exert all her ingenuity artd stubbornness to-prevent the existence so near her ownV mnisgoverned anda oppressed territories of anythng approaching to honestly liberal instituttions or self-government in any sincere sense of the word. If she can, she will contrive that the projected constitution shall either be a despotism in disguise, or shall be under a prince wshom she can influence or terrify; or shall be as wretched naid unworkalble an abortion as that of Greece under 0Othe, till those 'who created it shall be the iirss to acquiesce in its suppression. L-ord Clnendonl,therefore,-Ttili have to take care that the anth-liberal prejudices of Aulstria are not snffered to prevent the erection of those Principalities into a state which shall be sisbitantially free, tranquil, and secure. Forewarned is forearoned; we have no vert strong prepossessions in favoutr of giving our British institutions to an inexperienced and half-civilized people, t4 be brought into discredit by mismanagement and travesty; but whatever form of Goverrnment is fixed upon, itbmust be a reality and not asham, and whoever be the p rince a ppointed or elected, w e are entitled to demand that he shallbhe neither an Austrian nor a :Russian tool. In a word, to require that the clause in qutestion shall be bond fide carried out is a reasonable and not unreasonable expectation. But, on the other hand, it is unreasonable to forget that T,ord Clarendonts not omnipotent, auddoes not stand alone. li:e is not the representative of one beUligerent, who has only one anta,gonist. H[e ihas to takse counsel with threeallies and with one mediator, as well as to hold his own against a subtle adversary, 33ie canneot say, "HEere I stsnrd-I will concede no further; accept my terms, or draw your sw ord again." He has at every step to consult colleagues, whose .eloncurrence must be obtained, and wvho may posanblyenough take discrepant views on some important poin,ts of the negotiation. He mnust carry them along 'with himn in his requirements, or tenacity may end in h'is isolation. Ee less to steer a delicate and narrow mean between conceding too much to his opponenat and conceding too little to his friends. His hands are in a manner tied: this is one oF tle heaviest parts of the price we pay for the advantages of partnership;,-but having had those advantages, having had the gain of gallant and powerful alles in the contest, we have no right or powrer to disregard their wishes and opinions in negotiation.
THE CARDIFF GAOL. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I see, by your Parliamentary report, that Lord Shaftesobmy commented on the state of the county prison at Cardliff both as to its want of accommrodation and 5s to the way in which the prisoners are at present disposed of. Will you afford me space to state that the magistrates of Glamorganshire are now, and have been for sorne time back, engaged in perfecting the necessary measures for enlarging the County Prison at Cardiff and the House of Correction at Swansea? IThe plans for the extension of both prisons have been approved by the Secretary of State, additional land has been purchased both at Cardiff and Swansea, and the new wrorks will be commenced very shortly at bcoth places. :r. Perry, the inspector, mnst be well aware of these oircumstances, and if he has not alludedto them in his re-- porS I presumle from Lord Shaftesbu's quotation he has aot-hehas not treated the magistrates quite fairly. I am, Sir. your obedient servant, XtVl.plnt UL0 VE1I 'NUE YS. Chairman of the Comniitbee for Enlarg,ing the Glamorg&nshire PJsons. 27, Glocester-crescent, Hyde Park, March 15.
OPERATIC Prosrc SEc.RSince the burnin, of ICovent-garden Theatre all sorts of rumours have been rife respecting the chances of an ltalian Opera company in London donnn theo ensuig season. In such a vast Smetropolis as London, where one Italian company has always appeared -and mostly vwith success-and where, for three or four seasons, even two were sustained with various fortune-it appears strange that there should be any doubt of an Italian Opera of some sort or another being produced for the London fashionablepublic. Covent-garden Theatre is destroyed. As a temple of the English drama it was long unprosperous. As a house for the presentation of Italian operas it has not long existed. It has now, so far as Italian opera is conearned, irorely reverted to tho state it occupied before Signor Aibano's alterations. So far as Covent-garden Theatre is concerned, the operatic public is in no warse comdition thau it was previous to 1848. The real old. Opera-house-Her Majesty's Theatre-exists as completely as it did before these changes; and the sinple plan is to make it available for the performances of Italian operas and of the beautifid ballets, for which it -was distinguished. before the Covent-garden scheme was thought of. This seems to be the plan all the more feasible, inasmuch as every attempt at a substitute has failed. We learn, on the best authority, that Mr. Buckstone has declined. Mr. Gye's overtures for the possession of the " little theatre in the Haymarket," which he has resolved to open on Easter Monday. He has wiselyresolved to keep faithwiththepublic, and with his company, and to keep his friends before and behind the curtain together for many future successes of his own The Lyceum and Drury-lano are also deeply engaged. We acknowlege Mr. Gye's success, after the failure of IL Persiani and of Mr. Delafield; but we see no reason to give him-clever as he is-a monopoly for the performance of Italian opera in this country. Time presses. If aa Italian Opera be a L,ondon necessity-as it has been for many years -it behoves all interested in Her Majesty's Theatre to look about themt, and. to make a " long pull, a strong pull, nd. a pull altogether," to make available once mnore the finest building and.the most appropriate situlation for {ho representation oif those performances which have delighted the fashionable and musical circles of London for manysucces. sive years.-Obteraer. PRNnCESS'S THD5ATRE,-OU the eveniings of tbis present Passion week Mr. C. H. Adam s will exhibit his smrry and dellyt his wannaUa 7 cQ astronomy7 for the 26th UiC.
MRE 66'ou i;RADSE IIVMPOOL MA-1T V: IThe returng of ales ot British 'wheat Sasper " GUMPt,' for ths weex ending the 7thinst., Are ID,S%t quartecv, at 69s. lid., per quarter; Qcrerj)onding week 1855, 02,979 quarters at 68a. 9n per quarter; ditt% Mj3f063I7 ljuavec as, # Cd. per quarter. The abovre returns show shat~~~rm~~~4s~~eat!wret reely; the quantitieg, for 50r0eweeks past, a're more thandolildreP'IIIblyb±ive bJeen antici *$ed. The *'iials this wek bay been sma1io~~3e -h I Cor trae, ~this~ beini consequesoe otthe prfevsaflbsg sOl winds Thr ago tedneat our Corn-Exchange yesterdayand ~ aretn fhsn~ was transacted in wheat and flour, at an Advance over Tuesday last of about 2d. per b)ushel ont wheat, and Is per barrel and sack on the beet quaulites of flour. There was scarcely so much of tone, however, or Bo good Prices, as 055 the inter Umedito days. 'Verylittele Idian corn was offering, and it improyed Cd. tola, per quarter. Egyptisubeang, alan advanced Ir. to Is. 6d. Pae: narler. Oats andoatmelw resd gr rc,buWre5h0 bettr demand. Barley readily sold at Is. to 2s, peraquarter wiadce Teeis mora desire to sell to-dY, witha less desire t tpchsse,bu no Particular change in prices. .WOTTfZGTYAM Xalinc 15. The weather continues flue, though old, with the wind conatantly blowing fron the eadst nd north-east. ThiScolId dry time is alike favourable to the completion of spring sowing and in checking the growths of the autumn sown crops, which appeared to be getting too forward for the season. "The extreue obangreof the tesuperature in January," says Mr. Tillery, of Welbeck, "conslebsed with an unusual fall of rain, rathier injured the appearance of early sow-n wheat on sEome soils, but it isnow lookcing well. During the le-t three weeks-the air havs been remarkably dry, and the land is in thle best Possible condition as to tilth and fitness. Turnips are getting scarce and dear, and had the winter been as severe as that of last year, farmers would hlave been salydeficlent in keep for their stock. In thislocality grea breadths of potatoes have already been planted, and aeae these for' mnerly miost OPPOSed to early planting are beginniog to see that thet old Usptem lelinot do any longer. Winter be-aushave stoOd wellthfisyear and are likely to be a most Productive crop, as they are less liable to the attacks of aphis firom flowering and setting their POds early. in orchards and gardena there is not a very goed appearance of a crop of apples and Pears, blossom-buds being scarce. Xast sear t-he crop was abundant, aad a large crop seldomu comes two years in succession, Cherries and plums are mere, promising, as also are small hardy fruits. lebrtuay Was a very temperate and serviceable mnonth for eary kidnd of out-door occupation, as also has Marche been, up to the Present time,- Hence the forwid state0ofoperations. The inereasingcoldnes sof the temperature comnes, timely to check- the Progress of vegetation.Last year theo mean tempers ture of February wfas only 26k'; anid thisys4r itbasbLen asm high as 3r-A difference or nearly 12. Btabe fell only on eight days, peinct. pally in the first portion of the montht, the total quantity of rain registered by the rain gauge being I inch 55 parts-rather below the averageofall. Astrong gale from the south-wvestprcvailed onthe even. ing of theo 6th. which increased to a !eolent hurricane, and did muchL dsmage in some districts. The tlbrrmometerwashighest onthe 26th, SP, and] lowest on the moerning of the first day of the Tounth, 2T0'. Welrae a good supply of wheat at ourmark-et fo.day, abdan advancie of 55.to 43.per quarter was given, The supply of barley was small; it was faulls. per quarter dearer. Xew beans comaedryer, and they made is. perqnarter more money. I1noats thcre was no alteration, 'Wheat, white, old, 8s.toSis. per6SC aton; new-, 7s. to ba.; red, old, 76e to lBs. new, 69s. to IT1s. ; barley, for makting, 4de. to 45s. per quarter; for grinding, 36s, to 57s. ; Oats, new, 2ifs, to IS per 21 stone ; beans, old, SO&. to 54g. per 36 atone ; new, 40s. to 45s. ; eaOr, super, 3.-. to 63. Per 2D tone .flne, 50sto 53s, - LPaCETEB Ms.scc 15. The weather coDntinues extremely cold, with easterly 'winds. The early solwnwhseatis look-ing on the whole verywell, although rome farmers coDmplainx that the cold weather is doing. harm, There Isas been, no rain now for three weeks past, and t'he sail is in the best conldition to receive the spring-sown seed. Fat stock- at our markeot ecalized a dull sale, beef selling at 6ld. to 7l,d., and mutton 6jd. to, Id. per lb. A&t our corn-mark-et this morning thePre 'was an average supply of wheat. and the attendance of farmers wras tolerably numerous, Wheat mect with a fair demand, at anx advance of 4s. per quarter uponx the quotations of Last wceek. The chow of barley was small, and Is. to 2s. perquarterdearerthanlastweel. Oats a scarce supply, and Is. rev quarter higher. ban,o ihteeuetmnyamrettso was an advance ot 3s. per quarter. 'White wheat, 753. to 79& ; red, 7ls. to 76e.; barley. 31& to C1s,; oats, 31s. to 37s,; beans, 50s. to 5fe per quirter. Fine dour,Sle. to SIs.; seconds, 50s,.to CIa.; third, 45. to 50-s. Per quarter. LINCO0LN, M&=Hs 15. The wreather has been cold and dry during, the weekt and on the wrhole Tery favourable for outdoor Operations, In sozme districts the young wheat has come up thin. Turnips are getting scarce and dear. ThLere has this week been a heaTy sale in fat stock, At . 'eterboiough beef realized 7s. 6d., and perlk Is. 3d. to 7s. Cd. per stone ; mutton, 6d, per lb. At hewsrk fat stock met with good pzicez, beef realizin; 7s. Cd to Bs. perstone, and mautton, Id. to 71d. per lb. At Grantham, fair, stock. although dull of sale, fetalsed high lPrices At ouar corn market yesterday the supply of -wheat-was tolerable, anzd. the attendance of farmners wasan average one. For wheat there was a fair demand, and farmers were unwilling to sell escept at an, advance of Ss. per quarter over the quotations of last week, which milersawero obligedtosubmit to. B3arley was in tolerable inquiry, at an advance of is.per quarter. In oatsthere wasmnoalteration, Beans were is. Per quarter dearer than last week. Peas maintained, late rates White wheat, 14s. to 76s. ; red, 67s. to 133 ;-.barley, 37s, to 43s. ; Oats, 21s. to Ifs. ; beans, lOs. to lOs. per quarter. DERBY. 1s.scI. Farming operatiornshave progressedrapidly this week in consequence of the fineness of the weathier. The young whe-ats, almnost generally, look wrell, but the dryness of the season has checked the geSvrh of the pastures. The prices for fat stock- are th)-is eekz on the advance. At our own market there was an excellenit supply, and beef realized 6d. to Old. per lb; sheep were Plentiful, and mnutton fetched Id. to 73d. perth. Atf outr corn-miarkeot yesterdy mnorning there isu a tolerablle sasount of wheat on o ffer, and. the attendance o., fasrnsr was numeroes. In wheat there was a good business doing, at an advyance of Is. to 2e. Per quarter uponi the quotatlons of last week. There was very litlle doing in oats, at last week's prices. Barley was unaltered in in value. jis-aus maintained Ilae rates. N'ewwhite wheat, i6e, to 78s. ; old red, 7I3. to 74s.,; nea', li2a. to lIe, per quarter. MEalting barley. 3Ss. to 42s. per inmperial measure; grinding barley. 1603. to 37s. per 30 stone. Oldoats;,SO-.to321s.; new, 2Cs.to 21s.,pRx4stnen. Oldbeans. sos. to 52s.; new, 41s. to 42s. Per 55 stone. Flour, 53s. to 4s. ; super ditto. 55s. to 56s, per 20D stone. AtWorks6p, corn-exchange, wheat, which 'was in good supply, miet wifth an active demandl, at an advance of is. to is. Cd. per load of 3 buslhels upon t'he prices of last w,eek. In ether sorts of grain there was VerYlittlo variation,. Wheat, 26s,t Is, per load;barley,42s..to 435. Per quarter. - ~~~DO1XCAST1II, IArvncrs 15. At our mark-et, this morning, the number of sample sacks on the stones wras less than we have seen lately. There was a great prepon deraulce, of inferior samples, but, generally speaking, the grain came to hand in better condition. There was a full average attendance of buyers. Trade was very slack- at the commencement; the improved tonie Of the reports from London, Liverpool, aud Wakefield yesterday, and thle uPwal-rd movement during the week-, having equally indispsesd holders to quit and milers and factors to purchase, except for 'mime. diate requirements, Considerable disappoinitmenit is felt at the absence of any definte information relative to the progress of the Pleace Conferences, the ceOn trade having beeu reduiced to mxere retaittraus. actions pending, the negot'iattons. The op'iinon th3t peace is probably not far distant has causel farmers 1alteriy to evince saMe Willrignenssa torealize,buttlhe same opinion. has also operted to prevent millers from laying in stockrs, they being under the belief that a great tllt in price wilt follow the proclamation ot peace. 1how th%t pirices have ilgain taken a turn higher, there is still less disposition. to purchase, and this morning the trade vwa chiefly confinedl to hand-tomouth supplies. The best qualities of white wheat,Wh2ich Were SCarce, were tak-en off at anadvance of s, tois,d. per load tfl.8Cd.to 45.per quarter) ; very little was done in other sorts. There w35 a free delivery of barley; some Vicked samples for seed brought 45,3. Cd. per quarter ; the inquiry forgooflmsltingsamples wras also Mrsk and anylhingreally gooil fetched dls. and 443.;, grinding sorts. wese aso good to sell; awd generallywe quote-the articlels,hislher. The deman,dforoatsslndbeani -was brisk; suPerior Oats for seedl were readily boughkt uap, and more mnoney sad tobe paid for them ; beaus also were the turn in favour of the seller. The following are our quotations to-day :-New wheat at file, to 2lBe. per load of three imperial bnshe1s. flAe, SOs. to 513 Cd,: old wheat, 26s. tD 3D3. ; fine, 31s. to 31s. 61. blendeorn, 23&s to 2:& ; rye, 17s. to 19& ; new beaus, GL sto i7s. fine,1fg. to 1a. ; old belu, lBs. to 20e. ; fine, 2lls, to 2lls. C.; Peass, I7s, to 21.e. new oats, 22ls, to 23ue, per quarter; fine, 2lOs to 31a.; old oatS, 2CeL to 2ls,; line0, SO. to 33g.; grinding barley, lis, to 403.; maltiagz barley, l4s. to IlL.; fine, ile tD 45s, Cd. Oicfal averages since, last week :-Wheat CIa. 101.;. barley. ds z01.; 5d.Oats, 25s. Sd.; rye, 4sg. 8d. ; beans, 51L. Id. ; Peas, SIs. This evening we have had a little snow flying about, and there are ndic-ationg of a downfall, WORCESTEE IfArtoss IS. Notwithstanding the currency of rumours thsat peace is certain, the corn'market tO'daY was firm and Prices advanced Is. to 2S, per qUarterl English white wheat, Be. to 9e. Cd., and red, Be. IO&d to Be. id. Per busbelt; mialttin barley, 4s. 4d. to 4s. 8d., and for distilling, 43. 3d. to Is, Sd. per bushel ; new Egnglis beaLus (185C), 5s, 6d. to 6s. Id., and old, 6s, 4d. to C6. Cd. per ~bushel. Englishi oats, Is. to 4s. Id. per S9ub. and IriBh, is. Ind to Is. ; white peas, 58. 6d. to Cs. Cd., and gray, 5se. a0 to CGL Las Worcester averagel-Wheat, X3 SCs. 10)d.. psr imperial quarter; barley, Li Its. 9,1d., and beans, £2 Is. Sd. per quarter. Thet naeighbouring markets have also been bighe' this weekc. ThLe supplYat Kiddermjnster, onThurwday, wasgshort of3mostdescriptiorusof grain, andl wheat advranced follY 2e aud barley Is. to 2s. per quarter. I,ittle variationx in oats, beaus, and peas. At Bromsgrove, on Tuesday, there was very little business doing, but wvheat aivanced about ild. per bDushel on the prices of thieprevious mark-et day. 3falting barley afree jateat 4s. 4d. tos.Cd.peri3nmpeialbushel; oats,' iSs.toil4s.per night score ; old beans 19s., and new 17s, per 10 score ; Peas. nominally unaltered. We h-ave had a successon of cold, brisk, dry, easterly winds all thle week, highlyfavourable for agricu1ltural -work. GLOCESTER, 3Aa.cxr 15. Our receipts of foreign grain this weekbave been 6,200 ardebs of beans from Alexandria. 4,190 hectolitres of wheat from Marseilles, and 1,095 quarters of wheat from . Ibraila. We have also received from Ireland 924 barrels of wheat, and 1,690 barrels of oats. The market was active' to-day, at a further adfance in prices, English white wheat, 7Ie to 74I, per quarter; and red, 69s. to 72e. per cqarter. Foreign wheats, choice Danube, 75d.tO 78to l per alb.: Ibraila, 66s. to Ie. ; Spanish, 69s. to 7il.; and Ancon, 11g. to 74s. per 4S0lb. English matting barley, 37s. to 39s. per quarter, and grinding, S&L to 36s.; Iish, 543, to 35a per 4001h. New English beans, 43a. to 44L, and old, 46I. to 45e. per quarter; EgyPtian. 39s, to 40g.; and French, 46I, to 45s. per quarter. Irish oats. i2s. 6d. to 25s. ; aud black, 24l. to 24s. CdL per 31b. ; peas, i2s. to 56f. per qurter. The local markets have been looking up. At Sto'-on-the-Wold, on hursday, the average price of wheat per quarter was43 iB., and of barleyer£ 11s. 6d. per quarter. At Tewkesbury, ou Wednesday, there was but a smaU attendance of farmers, who are mostly busy at home. Old wheat was worth- 9. to 9B. 6L, and ner Ss. lad to 9s, 6C par buashel; malting barley, 4s. to 4. 6d., and grinding, 4s. to 4s. 2Ld. per bushel; English oats, 3a 6d. to 4s., and Irish, Is. to 3s. 6d. ter bushel; English beans, 6s. to 6s. 4.L; boing peass 5s. 6d. to 6C, and hog, 5s. 3L to 5;. Cd. per busheL At Cheltenham, on husaday, in consequence of the rise at Mark-laie, wheat was folay 2s. per quarter dearer, and other grain fim;: Tewkesbury aunual 3March fair ras well attended by farmer3 and dealers, but the aupy of stock was hardly up to the usual mark. Bee ad muttonsold at 6d. to 7d. perlb. There Ws a good suply ot horaes, and al but screws fetched fair prices. Some splendid beasts fedby Mr. J. CrJump,of biteealds, soldatfrom flIto £27 each, At Upton new fair there was agood supply of beaet both forfeeding and store. Buyers, howerer, were arce, and the autount ot husiac3 trausacted therefore was limited. NORVWICH M&ARCe 16. lIere to-day the was a numerous attemdance, and under the influence of the advices from other eaiing markets the Prices of wheat were 4s. to Ss. per quarter WdtM although at these terras tho trasac1titos5 effectedV w er pot svi T he b est samples of bArley t % tbeas, and peas were a1es eWore la to 23 Per auartor highu, -bighr Stli. to 831b.), 7V. Flightlg dearer. Piees: -.Wbeat, whit. (we, ';harley, nalng X toTte. ditto,%red(wreiDgh 601b. to 631b.)~~~8 ", 6 in3 5soi,. tX N tsegisbing Sulk to Slit, 3 tt>43A. ditto, distiling (twei- .- 3Y 5111b., 35s. to 5Th. per quilter. Latest Averages.-Whe,- It quart.ers, 653d, i; bar^ley, 3,SIOj quarters, STe. d.; beaus lT O'% ten, 13e. d . . COLHESThjl Ma,ea 1i. Our market to-4, jae al tho3e held w:.thin the ls thre day the disict, has takeuan upw&d turn, and the quotations for wheat re2s. .toSabovse s',,eek Shoe tade, too, hasbeeu attire at lISt lW(toretalese Wbilie whet' i 763. to S25.; red, 65i to 72r. I srey:f goQd quA'it lbeStaken off quC,,klt an adraisee of ti, to ', 6d. Per quarter, th best 'a-ples of malting :'dchlng 3i.; white Pe.%% 463. to 4S3.; *&rsy jk7 to f§L: j.zp he j smalL. 36L to tie. Since our lat report the weather bis been very duss snda stwn north-easterly wind has proviled, which, in 5oaces, has had mu injuiouseffectupontheyoung wheat plant. Grcatprogreag hu beem made inploughing aud preParingthe landfor summercorn, sad:con. siderable bredth ha3 been jot an. On the opening of the exchange this morning tho stands were but moderately supplied with wheat, nearly the whole of which appeared. in capital condition from the late leautifully dry weather. There. actionaryeorement in the cons trde at Mark-an on Monda., ha had its lnlueuce on all the nisriets this week, and particularly here_ It waanot unreasonable that the vendors should seek to Participate Is the improvement which had been effected, and therefore tney begau busness bYAasiun anz adran0e on tae tenns whichpnrAied a week ago. The difference sought to be establishea was so great that at effectual check was ieor a tune put to the trede,themealmenIeeln that the present state of the Ilour-m elet did not admit of their cdingto the demands made. Holder sutsequentlylowered thir pretensions,audthenthemealmen begantobuy with tolerable free. nes, the advanoe ranging from 3a. to 4s Per quarter on the rates of this day ae'nnigbt. No sooner w it made manifest that the aealmew, ere dispoed to give the increased terms to the extent stated than many of the salesmen poured in additional supplies in the anticipationr of realizing those terms. In this respect, however, they wren disap pointed, for the trade became less firm, andat the clo of the market the rise did not go beeyond d3. tO 3s. per quater. A large quantity remained unsold, so that it is extremely doubtful whether much lower terms must not be acceptedanotlher week. White 'heat sold at 64., for low qualities; better descriptions, at gs. to 2-s,; ana sOlne that was extremelyflne at Sf , per quarter. For this sort oer highest quotations last week was S0s. We must quote red wheat as Selling at 6i, to 74s., and some parcls of extraordinary quality at fOs. per quarter. Of the choice qua3itis of barley required for malt there was a shoet steply, but Are nociced a fair show of distlling and grinding soe The inquiry was rather brist lor the former descriptions, and atr gadvance of Is. and, in some instance3, l, per quarter was realized. The trade was by Lo meens active for the other qualities, stililittl, difficultywat experienced in realizing an extra IS. per quarter. We had again a good attendance of west country buyers, and it was this circumstance that gave rse to an increased fmnnesa in trade. BarZel for malting sold at 3Ss, to 40. and 42s. per quorter: distilling quSi. ties, at 333, to 36e, and 3S3; and grinding ditto, at 32a to 333, per quarter. There WAs a plentiful supply of oats, and, notwithstanding they appeared to be almost a drug in the trade, few caringto buy, stil sellers would not give way in price, and the result was tat they obtained;uiteas much aoneYnaslast weelq having referencs to the quality. Our quotations will be ior Tarta.-y oats, I&. to 223; and. for Poland, 28s. to 32s. per quarter. Of beans vre hada good show, and there was an unusnexzceency oI quality in many parcel, but, nevertheleEs, there sa aslownes ain trade. The choicest dry lots vere quite as dear as list week, but the others vereatride lower. Oldbeans (English) 46L to B2s., and the flu sorts, of which there were only few samples, 64s. and 56a; new- ditto, 'Oe. to 44s. and 45a.; Egyptians, whole, 345 to3Gs.;splitditto,2js to 26s. In these sorts the terosvrere lowerthan previousy quoted. The stands forpeas were again well fled, but there was a heavines irn trade, except for the white (bolling) description, which commanded rather more mioney-say, I7. por quarter. White (helm), 42e, to 47s; gray ditto, 37s to 40s., andmaple, Si. to 423 We noticed agiin an active inqury for grass seeds, and hlgh tiguraw were readily obtainedL JuglieSlrye sold at .s. 6d. to 93; and Italian, rye at s. to 10s. 6d per buBheL White clover, at lid. to Is., and. red ditto, at Sd. to 0d. per lb. The trade in fiour bas ralied a little, owing to therea,ticn inht corn-market. The present prices are-for households, 65s.; seconds.- s2S,per sack of 2SO.. Bread iS selling at the following primes -Beet SOd. to rd. : Seconds, 7-_. to Sd- per itbhloaf. The reluctance of faners to sell Ilastweelq while prices were low, is sBhov in the offlcial xetuurn f the Inland Revenne-office, for, whereas in the previous week about 1,600 quarters of wheat were sold, there were only 1,027 sold lat saturday, for £l,it Is. 9d., or an average or 74T. 9Ni Per quarter, being a reduction of 2s. 4d. per qluarter. The country markets strikinglY prove the zeactiouary movement, irt consequence of the alteration Attlaurk-Isave. On Mozday, at Abingdon the wheattrade was Is. per quarter dearer. Oats. beans anld peas werelower. AtFariugdon, on Tuesday, wheat slightly increased irx ilue. On Wednesday, at Bmtegstoke, wheat was 23. to 3s., andi barley is. perquarter dearer. Oats, beans, andpeas were unaltered iu value. At lsgerfori, on the mine d3ay, wheat was 2s higher bzzt other corn as the same as the previous vret-k Also, on that dayi wheat and all other corn were dearer at isiaztnheada On Thursday, at Iewbury, wheat advanced ism and other corn is. per qnartern Wheat cold at t Oe.to,80sg .andbcrieyat e.s, to 13 On the same day. atlenley w,heat advanced Se So Si per qluarter. On Tidsy, at Walitaflorl, wheat sold at 3s. per qunrier higher. andbarley atls, DIIELIIt. Since-n1i We hada quiet markiet at our Corn-Exschangeto-dy, and we nots naolterttonin Dthe priceaofhumegmin,vetwhrat which, in consequence ot very short supplies. realhzed a further advance of l id to Is. per barreL There was5 sather on improved demand for Indan cu orn,. ata trifing advance. -
CIDY.L SE1 Y1C2S ~.WSUPW?J?ANfUA2'IO. The committee met on Friday in Room No. 12, the Chancellor of the Exchequer ii the chair. ldr. Stebhenson, the irst witness, said he had been for some years conversant with superannuation, and was acquainted vith the facts connected with the case of Mr. I1let, late secretary to the Anxdit Board. He explained to the committ he ecircumstances under which the pension of 884I. was awarded to 3Mr. Mallet, and by him refused. The hi,hest amount which coald be granted under the Treasnry roTls at that time was 91 Dl. 13s. 4d-, f rom which a dedaction. of one-fifth -was made, leaving 733.. 8 Sd., but, in consideration of )Tr. Mallet's extra service of three years, an addition of one-fifth was made to that amount, suakdng it 8501L in round numbers, and another fifth was afterwards added in consequence of various testimonials. This increased amount of 8S47. was offered to Mr. Mallet, but declined, as he considered he was entitled to the full amount of 9061. 13s. 4d. Mr. Stephenson read the whole of the docnments relating to the case, and, in answer to several questions, said the same principle was adopted in aiBng the amount of pension on this occasion as on every other, aan& there was nothing, so far as he knewv, to justify any departure from thme ordinary rules. Sir C. Trevelyan wished to offer some explanation with respect to his former evidence reLating to the " ledundant Li1st," in which he had stated that there were two principles-viz., service and patronage. In saying this he did not mnakre any personal allusion whatever, but distinctly said that both principles had the public good for their object. He sed the wordsinthe sense in which they were employe. in the report of Mr. Yernon Smith's Commzittee, -which recommended that persons on the Rledundant List should be reappointed as opportunity offered, although patronage might be thereby diminshed. ie (Sir Charles) spolur generally rpon the subject of patronage, and did not in any way allde to particdular individuals or Governments. lr. Willis, of the Transport Department of the Admi. ralty, said he was secretary to the soiety of whichMr Bromley was chairman, and, was acquainted witlh the objections of the civil servants to the present system of abatements. These abatements operated with great severity upon. the clerks, and he knew of many applications having beenz made of a most painful nature from the widows of civil servants. His inquiries had led him to believe that thera were very few cases in which any insurance was effected on the lives of the clerks, and it had been pronosed to form. a fund for the purpose; but it was found impossible to da so, owing to -the abatements from the salaries. Anr fund of this kind must be compulsory, or it woauld fail Mfr. Willis read several returns and calculations, and also the opinions of two actnaries, showin- the age at which clerks iight be expected to retire. This age might be taken at 65. It appeared, taking 10,00 as the total number of civil servants, the average age at -which they entered was 25 years, and, assunming them to retire at 65 years of age, it was found that there would be 2,815 servants on tha pension list. As far as regarded the question of the abatement from the salaries, he believed there was no difference of opinion among the civil servants; but they did not quite agree astotheformation of acompulsory insurance fund. Tie proposal of the society of which he (3L-. Willis) was the secretary was that each person should pay 2Aper cent,. towards an insurance fund, which he might bequeath to his famnily at his death. In several of the lare establishments-.. such, forinstance, as theBankof Enlnd, the Custom-house, and the lNorth-Westera Railway-there was such a fundl; and he believed if a similar one were established among thet clerks ini the civil service it would be a vast boon. The dednction of id. in the pound from the salaries of Cistomhouse clerks, &c., was a peculiar case, and he believed it dieX not give universal satisfaction. In answer to a question from Idr. RomBucic wibtess Sail he reconciled the two opinions he had expressed-vi , tthait an insurance fund, if voluntary, would fail, but that iK forced the servants would likeit, by the explanation that ha intended to represent the wise among the civil seranmnt w6ould do so. In reply to the C 3uMAi MIr. Willis stated it to be his opinion that many of the Gover3nment clerks were desirous of leaving the public service and entering private establish._ nentswshen the oppornity was afforded tiem, as they were much'better off in the lattem,,both asregarded present salaries and future prospects. The committee then adjourned until Tuesday, the 1st of ApriL _____
AIVRDEs AT PLmoWIuH.-A soldier belonging to the 3d Jager (Rifde) Regiment of the German Legion. which arved by the steamer Alps on Tnesday last, has been murdered, it is supposed, by a comrade. OG Thuriday evening the deceased, Jaccobi, proceeded to Rngsasid, in company with a fellowv-countryman named Hens Hansen, and, they were seen drinkin together about S o'clock. They were subsequently met on the road towards Maker Heights, -wheretlere'nent is quartered, and it is alleged that Hansen Then hadalar~ge stone under zhis arna About 9 o'clock the sentinel en duty at No. 6 Redoubt noticed the two men, one of -whom (the prisoner) motioned. asif he would throwthestoneatthesentry. At12o?clock Hausen arrived alone at the Picllecombe Battery, Mount. Edgecumbe, where he was stationed, and was iinmodiately lodgeed in the ouard-room for being absent after hours. Oa Friday morning, when the roll was called, JaccDoi w.s miissing, and shortly afterwards information was brought that thIe body of a soldier had been discovered in a turp. field near Maker. On examination a large fracture was found at the back of the head, the skull being smashed, in, as if by a violent blow. Closo by was a Jarg,& stone, about 201b. weight, stained with blood and 1 avini, quantity of hair adhering to it. From the appearance of thet ground a violent struggle had taken place. The body was removed to the hospital at I'icldecombe, and Hausen was imprisoned. It is runoured that deceased, who bore a good character, had 2V1. on Thursday, there was, however, only 3s. 4d. found on tho body. The prisoner had Is. 6d. in hix possession; some stains of blood were found on his clothes and hands. On receiving information, IIa&or-General Eden took active mueasures to investigte the a r. A inquett was held on Saturday at iings=ad before Dr. Jago, the coroner of the Lisk-eard district, 'when the above facts wem given in evidence, and a unaimnous verdict of " Wilful murder" was returned agaist the prisoner, who was thex con-Aitted to prisoii at Bodumin for trialat the Cora4a assizes, which will comxaciee en the 234 inst.
I LONDON, MONDAY, MABRCH 17, 1856. Tvo things go to make up the idea of a dynasty, -the perpetuation of the race, and the continuance of power in the hands of successive generations. The goodc fortune of the Emperor of the FaRBusCH has just fulfilled for him the first of -thee two conditions. The EsrnPRss has been safely delivered of a son, and the near approach of peace has been heralded by an event still more auspicious -to the existing Government of France than the proxixnate close of hostilities. Thesame good fortune whichl has raised Louis NAroTEoN from an exile to -a Sovereign has now presented hira with an heir, -on whoin may devolve his vast acqisitions, and who will, at any rate, have as good. a -laim as: any other Frenchman to the throne of the first nation of the continent. Joy and adulation may, no doubt, induce many to take so exaggerated a view of this event that they will think such congratulations and hopes as we have to offer far below the importance and the happiness of the present occasion. But, while hoping for the child that has just entered into this world of troubles and vicissitudes a less checkered and more auspicious fate than has waited upon his predecessors born in the purple, we cannot forget the teachings of history, particularly of the history of France, nor be blind to the many chances which interpose themselves between the cradle and the throne of the baby Emp3ror. Not a little remarkable is it to observe that from the accession of Louis XIV. to the present time not a single }ing or Governor of France, though none of theu:, with the exception of Louis XVIm ., have been childless, has been succeeded at his demiise by his son. Louis XIV. survived his son, his grandson, and several of his great grandchildren;- and was succeeded at last by one of the yourfger children of his grandson, the Duke of Bun,uNDY. Louis XV. survived his son, and was succeeded by his grandson, Lous XVI. Louis XVI. left a son behhid Iimn, but that zon perished in the filthy dungeon to which the orudlty of the terrorists had confined him. The Kinig of RoME, to whom NAPOLXON fondly hoped to bequeath the boundless empire he had -won, died a Colonel in the Austrian service. Lours XVI. was, as we have said, childless. The Duke DE BERBI fell by the hand of an assassin in the lifetime of CEAR,LEs X.; and his son, the DuLTe DE BORDEAUX, is in exile from the land which his ancestors regarded as their own estate. The eldest son of Louis PrinrpE perished by an untimely accident, and his grandson and heir does not sit upon the throne of hi grandfather. Thus, then, it appears that for upwards of 200 years in no one of the dynasties to which France has been subjected has the son succeeded to the throne of the father. *We have no claim to offer any opinion with regard to the internal government of France as now established, and with reference to our own relations with that country have nothing better to wish for than the fin establishment of the dynasty of Louis NAoriow. We have found in the present Enperor a true and loyal ally, a Prince thoroughly alive to the real interest of France and England, and anxious to base his popularity, not up6n the miserable expedient of fomenting ancient dislik-es and discords, but upon the far more durable and reasonabIe basis of mutual esteem * and good understanding. Whatever contributes to his welfare, confirms his power, and tends to perpetuate his rule must be regarded as little less interesting to Eng,land than to France. If the certainty that he leaves a successor behind him shall discourage the repetition of those attempts upon his life which the members of baffled and desperate factions are for ever renewing we shall have the utmost reason to rejoice that the birth of a Prince has cut off the hopes of those who sought by violence to intercept the succession to the Crown. Such good effects are imniediate and tangible, and may be appreciated and acknowledged 'without trusting too far to the slippery promises of an unLnown future. But when we get beyond these immediate benefits we are compelled to admit that many chances lie between the infant heir of the ErPEROa and the Empire itself. Should the present EMERoro happily survive and perpetuate his power tiU his sonhasarrived at those years which entitle him' to take upon himself the duties of the government, one main difficulty would undoubtedly be overcome, but others remain behind of an equally fornmidable nature. Were France an hereditary monarehy Iike England, where the Sovereign is exempted by the very terms of the Constitution from responsibility for his acts, and is bound to govern by the advice of his Yinisters, whatever be the character of the new-born child, we might confidently predict that he would aseend and occupy the throne of his father. Nay, were he a despotic monarch, like the Emperor of RussiA, who rules not only by the fears, but by the veneration and fanaticism of his subjects, he might also probably succeed with no heavier liability than that of having his career cut short, should he govern in a manner to displease the most prominent and powerful of his subjects; But in France government is neither founided on prescription, as wit'hl us, nor on superstition, as in Russia. The qualities which secure obedience in France seem now to be purely personal, and little is gained by birth, unless it be united with those qualities which conciliate the respect and compel the obedience of mankind. It is not every P}usi that can hope to be succeeded by an ArxuDER,-not every man of good capacity who can expect to be ripe for the most difficult situation in the world in the first years of opening manhood. Amid tho shipwreck of so many dynasties, amid the overthrow of so many hopes, amid the blasting of so many fair prospects of success, it were presumptulous to anticipate for this last child of a reigniDg family that ,good fortune which has been denied to so many of his predecessors. Who does not remember the prophetic poem in which BERxNGER represents the son of the great NAPoiEox as warning the youthful Duke DE BoirDEmux of the snares and difficulties that suround the path of the futLre heir of the French diadem? "Fortune," writes the heir of the Empire to the heir of the Restoration, "stretches to you a hand, and smiles upon your "birth. Mvy first day also was fair. uings adored "me in my cradle, and yet I am at Vienna. "I slept upon laurels, and you are wrapt "c-in purple ;soeptres -were* my playthingg. .jay "head was bound with a crown, the Marshals "swore fidelity to me-an oath which they have "doubtless kept-and yet I am at Vienna." The lessons of historyonthis subject are soexceeedingly strikingand appropriatethat it is impossiblefur an impartial writer to consider such an event as-the presentwithoutalluding tot'nem. And yet, if wewere perlmitted to dwell in the land of hope rather than in that of reality, how gladly would we believe that in the birth of this infant, at the very moment that gives renewed peace to Europe, we find a pledge for the termination of those incessant convulsions which, from the assembly of the States-General under Louis X-VI., have, at longer or shorter intervals, never failed to agitate the Government and people of France ! Happy indeed will be the destiny of Louis NApo=Lor if he succeed, not only. in founding his own power on a secure basis, but in transmitting it unimpaired to a son who may inherit the talents of his father, while free from the difficulties and dangers which beset his early path, and raised himn only after long suffering and severe discipline to a position in which he has upheld the material interests of France with one hand, and nobly asserted her dignity and pre-eminence among the nations of Europe with the other.
The Tumk has, indeed, purchased dearly the integrity of his empire. There are probably few to whom certain fables of old time have not occurred, recalled by the position and prospects of our strange ally. The dcwarf who went to fight in company! with the giant, the horse who called in the man to help him against the stag, were surely the forerunners of the SV1TAx'S advisers. Perhaps, however, we ought not to attribute so much of free will to the Osmanli, but rather adopt his own solution, and say that the houi had come when the protection of the West was to be forced on the conquerors of Constantinople. It seems like the work of fate or retribution, or whatever principle leads men to act unconsciously or in spite of themselves, that this war, beginning with a groundless and now forgotten admiration of the Turks, should be about to conclude with the destruction, as far as we can read the future, of all that distinguishes Turkish rule, and that this change should be effected chiefly by the antipathy with which two years' acquaintance with Eastern government has inspired its former admirers. The Ottoman Ministers, we are informed, are in much perplexity. It is in their time that the [account is to be rendered and the settlement is to take place which has been so long delayed' We can fancy that even the events of the war have failed to bring home to the Turks the greatness of the change which awaits their country. French officers strolling through their mosques, Frencli patrols displacing theirpolice from the streets, might seem to them the natural results of the alliance 'which they had courted. They might console themselves with the hope that such an occupation must be temporary, that it cost mnoney which the Giaours could ill afford, and must end at the happy moment when the Western nations and their adversary were equally exhausted. Eighplaced Turks have therefore lived* pretty much as if the deluge was to be a mere partial inundation. They have married and given in marriage, relying, as before, on extravagantly paid appointments, on pensions, presents, and still more illicit gains. They have fought for place, intrigued with ambassadors, defamed each other, promised, equivocated, as at any time during 50 years. They had so often heard of a change of system, and so often found high phrases end in nothing, that they might naturally trust to their own skill to evade the consequences of conIcession, even when Stamboul was com- passed by foreign armies. All that France and England could ask for the Christians had been nominaUy granted 16o years before by the E1dict of Gulhan6; if it became necemay to reiterate these promises in order to please the allies, it was easy to render the results equally nugatory. Henee Pashas of al kinds have been apparently easy in their minds; to be rather more cautious than before, to treat Franks with scrupulous civility, and, if the visitor seemed simple-minded, to utter' a few sentences about progress and civilization, seemed all that pradence demanded until the storm should be overpast. But as the end of the war is approached So the prospect beyond becomes more clearly seen, and the Ottoman Ministers begin to hesitate, and perhaps to wish that others held for the moment the posts they have done so much to reach. By a series of intrigues and individual changes the present Ministry is made up of men who differ as much as men can be said to difer whose Political views are entirely subordinate to their personal interest. The Grand Vizier, AAIL PAsHA, has, indeed, a reputation for honesty and good faith, which is no doubt deserved; but his weakness of character and habit of yielding to more energetic natures make him rather the respectable president than the leading member of the Ministry. ManxrFT ALr, the Capudan Pasha, is a man sufficiently notorious, and not at aU inclined to carry out any changes which can be evaded. A brother-in-law of the SunLTA, a man of little energy, is Grand Master of the Artillery; the Seraskier and the minister of Foreign Affairs mlake up what we should call the Cabinet. In this body there exists serious dimsensions. It appears that the great Decree of the STAN i has given no little offence. The Ministers were-, silent before the step was taken, being fearful of losing their places if they opposed the representations of the three Ambassadors. Since the mischief has been done each has been desirous to escape the responsibility, for, though the edict contains little that was not promulgated in 1839, yet -the difference of circumstances is likely to lead to a far more complete execution of its provisions. Probably desirous of retrieving their credit with their own people, the Ministers I are now desirous of asserting a new-born inde- endence. The insertion of the De=Lee into e text of the treaty of 'peace was warmly opposed in the Council, and will probably be rejected by the Turks. The argument, of eourse, is,- that the SuLiT -'s dealings with his own subjects are matters of internal goveranment, and that, though he may receive the advice of his allies, he cannot consistently wit his dfignity bind himself to them to pursue any definite course. Simlar is the reasoning usedl against any aclnowledgment of foreign protection ! over the Principalities. Those provinces, it is said, though entitled to a Separate government, are part of the SuLTAS empire, in which he ean ! admit- no foreign interference. g sigHt of the fact that tefore the war the Cza exercisedthis protectorate, and that Moldo-Wallacia passed3 at once.from Russian to Austrian occupation,. the Turkish Mnisters arm said to be desirous of preventing any stipulations concerning it from being introdulced into a treaty of peace. An alleged oversight of the allies appears likely to be the foundation of still larger objections. As, in 1853, the diplomatists of Vienna comstrcted their Note, and forwarded it for acceptance withot maldng sure of the Po=ies conset, so in I856 the Governxents7 have, 'if we are well - informed, presented their five propositions to ! Ptussia without the - previous adhesion of lTurkey. Not but that these points may have been laid before some of the Turkish.' Ministers, but they were never discussed, and never received the same sanction which Austria,. France, and England. h&ve - n ihe - As-z thePoRTS boldly and successfully rejected the Vienna, NTote, so also does it seem contemplated by certain of the Turkish Ministers to deny the liability eo Turkey in the present case; though, as AsI PASHA and his colleague are Plenipotentiaries, with full authority to bind their Govermnent, 'we do not see how the PoRTS can pretend to a revi- I sion of what has been solemnly agreed to at Paris. Ln any case, though not a party to the presentaLion of the propositions, Turkey adhered to. them as a basis by sending a Plenipotentiary to the conference founded on their acceptance by the ZARn. VWhet;her or not any open resistance be contem- plated by any part of the Turkish Ministry, there i can be little doubt of their willingness to im- pede the only settlement of these questions which - can insure the peace of the East. It is necessary that the Western Powers should retain some control over the land they have saved. It was for that land they went to war, and not for its dominant race. Now, when they have deLivered those fertile provinces, those navigable rivers and capacious harbours from the enemy, it is too much to suppose that they will retire, and see the fruits of their achievements wasted, and a renewal of the struggle threatened, through the operation of the same causes which have already produced suich confuthions. We have not shed our blood for a status qTo. The time has come for a full acknowledgment of all that France and England have done, and we are entitled to guarantees similar to those we demand flom Russia, and equivalent to those which we offer ourselves. If we exact from a proud empire the abandonment of its navy and the recession of its frontier, if we bind our own highly-taxed and hardworking peoples to be ready always with fleets and armies for service in the East, we have a right to declare in turn that, we will suffer no tampering with the provisions which are intended to prevent a renewal of world-wide calamities. It is quite possible that individual Pashas may fear the responsibility of their recent acts, and even that a feeble monarch may think his safety or h-is dignity compromised; but, while we would pay ail due regard to the conventional rights of a Sovereign and his Ministers, we would fxrnly enforce all that is necessary to the common welfare of Europe.
Since we last called the attention of our readers to the question of the Sound Dues two steps lhave been taken on either side of the Atlantic which I will probably materially facilitate the adjustment of the difficulty now pending between Denmarkl and the IUnited States. It will be remenmbered that the treaty between those countries which regulates i the dues to be levied at Elsinore expires on the 14th of April next, and that the United States had declared that they would permit no such dues to be paid by American vessels passing the Sound after that day. As the 14th of April is fast approaching, the friends of peace throughout the -world beheld with some anxietythe possibility of a collision which might again involve Europe in the calamities of war; for it was well known that the Danish Government were resolved to maintain by force rights which have existed for so many centuries, which have been ratified by so many t;reaties, and on which loans contracted by Denmark in foreign coLintries have been solemnly guaranteed. We learn therefore with no small satisfaction from Washington that tlie American Government has determined to prolong the obligations of the treaty just about to. expire for a further term of two months, that is to say, until the 14th of June, on the express understanding that something wiU be done in the meantime towards the abolition of the Sound Dues. This is aresolution which sliows the existence of a spirit of moderation in the Cabinet at Washington for which, after our experience of its recent conduct as regards Great Britain, we bad not been altogether prepared. So much for the step taken with regard to the Sound Dues on the other side of the Atlantic. The UJnited States are open to conviction, and, instead of forcing the Sound under the batteries of Cronburg on .the 14th of Apiil, they are content to wait till the 14th of June, in the hope that the quiarrel on which they had entered with very small provocation-the whole amount of dues paid by Anerican vessels being, we believe, 4,0001.-may be diplomatically patched up. On this side the Atlantic a step has also been taken by Denmark which we hope may have the effect not only of patching up this dispute between Denmark and the United States, but of finally settling the question as regards all nations, and at the same timne of securing the freedom of the Sound and the independence of Denmark. To many of our readers the rough !and ready. way of regarding the Sound Dues laid down by lIr. MLUxcv may seem eminently attractive. " The Sound Dues are a nuisance; let " there be no Sound Dues." To Denmark, however, the Somnd Dues are the staff of life, the bread by whicli, -as'a nation, she exists; by thera her int ternal government is kept up; by them her foreign obligations are punctually met and paid. It jso happens that a great portion of the Danish foreign debt has been contracted. in this country, and these very Sound duies have been assigned as a security to the British bondholder. WAe have no doubt that even this short explanation will malke many a Teader :ympathize more strongly with Danish independence than he has ever done before. There is nothing that excites so much sympathy in the breast of a bondholder as the prospect of the -utter loss of his security, principal and interest altogether. But, rising from thi narrow view of the question, itis of European iriportance that Deonmark should niot be forced alternately to lean to this side and to that, to bow to-day to Prussia and to-morrow to Russia, for the saLe of propitiating either Power, as they may manifest. an intention of puttigg the screw upon her as regards the Sound Dues. The abolion of the Sound Dues, then, we talke to be necessary for the political independence .of Denmarl;, and yd if these dues are abolished the kingdom will be bonkrupt. This sad fate Denmazk little deserves, for she has bore the crushing weight of an overwhelming debt with the -atmost dignity, has always scerned repudiation, and kept faith with her crea&or4 to the last dollar. The selution of this dile:a is proposed iz a recent resolution of the Day&k Go-ernment, anad this constitutes the step takex on this side tha Atlantic. Detanark, then, proposes to .eapitalize the Sound I)Tes for a stun ammois±hg to 35,000,000 rixdollars, When we add fiat the siun leviesi annually ia the shape of Sbumd ZDues amobts to 2,300,900 rixdollars, our readers will at oer see the saerice which ]Denarmk is prepared to maLo to set-le this questionL and to open the Sound to adt ships. She wil lose 1,000,000 rixdollars yerzly, but she will be independent, a2d freed fromn the incubus of Russian intrigue. In English nmoney British shipping will, we believe, benefit. in the proportion between t0,0001., the present sum le'ied- in the shape of Sound Dues, and 45,0001., the interest of the sum which it is proposed that England should2 pay in the way of capitalization. How the siua is to be raised it is noU pt of our business to. deterine. Let the CABeiraoR of the ExcnIEQuxn decide. There are the figures, -'T0,0001. now paid, as a,gaist £ 54>QO0l. to be paid in future. Surely this is a. brden on British shipping well worthy the attention of the Board of Trade; though its recnt eforts to abolish those dues levied in our own ports do not prornise 3udI success. _
COUBT CIRCOMLAR. The Queen held a Court on Saturday aftenoon at Buckinghamr.lace: Mr. Jsmes Bachanan had ar. audlenc& and delivered to Her Majesty his letter of recaU as Envoy Extraordinary and 3Minister Plenipotentiary from the United States of Axnerica. His Excellency was introduced by Viscount Palmerston, G.C.B., First Lord of the Treasury (officiating for the Earl of Clarendon,. Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs", and conducted Sy Major-General the Hon. Sir Edward Cust, LC.H., Her Majesty's Master of the Ceremonies. Viscount Palmerston had aa audience of the Queen. Her Majesty was attended by Lord Cainoys, Lord in. Waiting, and Lieutenant-CoZonel Frederick Cavendis,h, Groom in Waiting. hl'e Queen, attended lay Lady Churchill, Major-Generat Bucldey, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros, visited herRoyal Highness the Duchess of Cambridge at her residence in St. James's Palace, and her Royal Highness the Duchess. of Glocester at Glocester-house. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort rode ^n. horseback, attended by his Equerry in Waiting. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by Mr. Gibbs, visited her Royal Highness the Duchess of Glocester. Prince Arthur and thePrincesses HelenaandLeUisatook a drive in a carriage and four. Her Majesty had a dinner party inthe evening. The company included her Royal Eighness the Princess Royal, the Duke and Duchess of Richmond. the Duke and Duchess of Bedford, Madame Tricoupi (the vife ef the Greek Alinister), Coiuit Colloredo, the Austrian minister, the Earl of Aberdean, the Earl of Ellenborough, Ladvy lantyre, the Right Hon. Sir George and Lady Grey, the Righ' Hon. Henry and Mrs. Mtzroy, Colonel Barker, C.B. (Royal Artillery), and Lieutenant-Colonel G. Vaughan Maxwell, C.B., 88th Regiment. The Queen's private band afterwards attended in Backingham Palace, and played the following pieces - Overture-" Bvelyne" .. G. A Osborne. s t ' ll Barbiere" .. .. .. Bos3i,,. Seee o-"The Bondraan'..3alle. Yesterday Her Majesty and his WRoyal Highness the P'rince, with the-Prince of WVales, the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, and the Princess Alice, the Ladies and Gentlemen of the Court, and the domestic household, attended divine service in the Private Chapel of Bucluigham The Rev. 'John Vane, Deputy-Clerk of the Closet, read the prayers andpreachcd the sermaon. Captain James Campbell, Adjutant of the Royal Invalid Artillery, was presented, upon promotion, to the Queen at the Levee on Wednesday, by Sir Hew Ross, G.C.B.
LxVmRPOOL, MIarch 15.-The Royal mail steamshi}p Canada sailed to-day for Boston, with 124 passengers, a large miscellaneous cargo, and a heavy mail. Mr. Van Amburgh, the " lion tamer," wvas among the passengers. ESTIM;ATES OF (livm Sl .-The estimates on account of "Public Works and Buildings," published on Friday, include a sum total of 895,336!. against 746,7601. required for the year 1855-6, thus exhibiting an increase of 148,5761. The items include 195,1411. for public buildin"s and Royal palaces; 7,868!. for additional works in the south portion of Buckingham Palace, for external enclosures, lighting, and warming; 91,6841. forRoyal parl;s andpleasure gardens. 99,3833. for the new Houses of Parliament; 207,3051. for Holyhead harbour and roads; 233,0001;. for harbours of refuge; 384!. for Port Patrick harbour; 41,2211. for public huilAings in Ireland; and 19,350!. for the harbour of Kiingstown.L Among " extraordinary services" in Scotland are item.3s of 287?. for improving the window-sashes of Holyrood House, 6,000. for improve. mnents in ling's College at Aberdeen, 1,053! for anew ceiling and lass windows in Glasgow Cathedral, and 3201. for the purchase of two old houses, the property of David Eume,.for the iunprovement of the grounds of Holyrood. A s regards the p3ark-, it is found that to St. James's, the Green, and Hyde Parks is appropriated 25, 311., to Kensington-gardens2,7161., to. -CheLsea Hospital grounds 7501., the Reent's CArk M61., to Victoria Par], 4,860!., to Greenwich Park 2t287s., and to the Royal botanical and pleasure gardens at Kew 19,0781. To Richmond Park is assigned a sum of 4,6221. (exclusive of the Ranger'e depart. mnent), to Bushy Park 3,1311., to Ham pton-court Park and Gardens 3,6511., to Holyrood Park 4,228f., to the Phoenix Park 4,570!., and to Kennington Park 1,5731. Under the head of the new Houses of Parliament, Sir C. Barry demands 9,5001. for the comnpletion of the Victoria-tower, 7,6001. for the clock-tower, and other heavy items, amountinz altogether to 52,540?., exclusive of the works not unuer his direction. 1,360. is required for clearing away the dust from under both houses in 1856-7 and replacing the mats and hairelotbs, andaS0 00.for "furniture, PA.," for the offices and rooms of the House of Lords. The fuel for both houses, including "contingencies for lengthened sittings," costs 2,870Z. 4,000? is to be applied this year to the decoration of the new Palace at Westminster under the direction of the Fine Arts Commission. The worlks include Mr. J. Gibson's statue of the Queen and its bas-reliefs, Mr. J. R. Herbert's frescoes ir the Peers' robing-room illustrative of "Justice on earth and its development in law and judgment," and the marble statues of men of eminence (as members of Parliament) in St. Stephen's-hall. The work of Mr.;Gibson is nearly completed. Mr. Herbert is about to commence htis fresco paiutings, and, as regards the statues, commissions for 10, at the cost of 1,2001. each for three and 1,000?. each for thg other seven, hawg already beer, given.
ACCOU-CHEMENT OF THE EMPRESS OF THE FRENCH. (BY Su ARfZE AND BBR ITIM =GNAP'L) We have received the following telegraphic derpatch from our Paris correspondent:- " PARIS, SUNDAY, M AxCu 16, 9 A.M. "The Moniteur publishes the following:- " ' M.ARCI 16, s QUARTER PAST TanEE. "'The Empress has just been delivered of a Prince. "'Herr Iaesty and the Imperial Prince are m good health."' PRI:TCE JEROME. The fondiZter publishes also the following bulletin of the health of his Imperial Highness Prince Jerome StrNDAY, 3 30 AAG., "During the morning of Saturday the patient was at ease and had a short sleep at 9 o'clock at night. "I uring the rest of the day thePrince was much better." TJIE EAST. (BY SUBMARWE AIMISE ZLGIX.) We have also received the following telegraphic despatch from our Xarseilles eorrespondent : b IAXSE=LLES, sATunnAy, &AnCH 15, & A.S. "The Carmel has arrived with advices from Constantinople of the 6th and from the Crimea of the 4th inst. " She brought 200 soldiers. Some cases of fev'er having occurred on board, she was placed in qualatine. "Despatehes left at 9 a.m."
THE OVERLAND MAM. (By Su;xBAIxTz A-ND zRII7 sHruwiRAHPi) We have receied the following te3egraphic de9atch from Trieste:- " TRIESTE, SuNDA:,. MX&cH 16. "The steamer Australia arrived here' this morning at 8 a.m., in 116 hours from Alexandria, which port she left on the 1lth. I The-India mails left Alexandria'oc, that day, wit1I advices from Calcutta of the 9th of February, andl Bombay of the. 1th of Februtry. "iOn the 7th of February a proclamation was issued a ouncingofie annexation of Oude%and that theRing had been deposed. "-'The Santal rebelion has been renewed& I '-Lord Canning reached Madras ontiz 14th of Febrnary. " Lord Daalhousie- was very unwell, and& was to leave Calcutta forSuez immediatelyaftertha'arival of Lori Canning. " Tade was inaetive and prices fluctuating, with the exception of indigo. "h T money-markets were easier. " Exhange at Bomnbey, 2 2B Calcutta,2.2j2."
A, Cabinet Council was held on Saturday afternoon at the Foreign-offize. Viscount Palbnerston, the Lw& Cbancelos. Earl GranTie, the:Earl of Iflarnowby, Sir George Grey, MIr. Secretary Labouchere, Lord Panmnre, the Chancellor. of the Ezchcouser, the Right Ron. R. Vernon. Smith, Lord; Sanley of Alderley, the Right Horn. M. T. aines> and the Duke of Argyll attendedL The Council isat one hou and a quarter. The Chancellor of the Exehequer acklowledges the- receipt of the first half of a 201.-note (No. 73A14, for income-tz omitted, bfoni ".JEI N." Re-alto acknowvledge the receipt of the fint half of a 201.-note (No. G-I Q9$428) forunclaimeoItaxes. 11OBB?a-Y or RoYA:C PLamT-On Saturday afternoon a waggon belonging bD-hr. Thuanwood, -who for many years ha-s been employed to. convey plate to andifrom LondoE and Windsor Castle1 left Buclingham Palace vith aleouLt2 chests of plate-aad other articles for thb--Paddington station under the charge of five men. On their way to the station they stopped at a publichouse in. the Southwharf-road, and all went in to drink, and by, their own statement had not left the waggon more thanfive minutes. On their return thev observed that the rope was cut wlhich had confined t-e waggon cloth placei over the goods. This caused tiem to suspect that something was -wrong, and, on looUin over the waggon, they discovered that a chest of plate, which had been packedin the middle of it, and fastened by a new rope to thextil, had been stolen. The waggon. was afterwards driven to.the Paddington station and sent-outhe trucks to Windso:-n.darrivedat the Castle at 7 o'clocl, when Mr. Thuamwood. on - being infonned of the robbary, returned to town w%itL his man who had had charge of the goods to institute an, inguiry into the affair. The two h:elpers and the driver were subsequen4t1 taken into custody, but admitted to baiL The chest which was stolen was considerably lighter thim the others, and conseqnently moeasily removed. It contained a quantity of the Royal u-&rsery plate used by the .tinces and Princesses. The valne of the plate stolen is unader 5001. PRoposE. LwRovEuENs in -.ALn-2 rAi, AwD DOwN.nZG-STmr.r.-At present the house-rent alone p aid for Gvezrnmaent offices amount-to somewhere about 30,000!. a-yenr, excclusive of the larg3 snois paid annually for repairs and alterations. It is proposed to alter this system, and for the State to have off ces built upon its owin ground, and to do aw-ay w ith renting premaises which, at the same time, are both incommodious. and costly. The first step in the right direction is to he taken in reference to the, War Department. It is proposed tapull down BncLingham-. house and the houses that interve;ne between that and the present Ordnannce-office, and to erect a splendid set of offces. under the roof of which all the departments connected with the llinister of War may he carried on. The frontage thus- aged will be more than 150 feet, and wrill Sill up the space betv,een the Carlton Club and the Ordnance-o$fce. It is felt that, considering the character of the property in Pall-mali, the new office of the Minister of War slioueld certainly be up to, if not superior to the splendid edifices which at present grace this magnificent street. To this end the Chief Commaissioner of Works has determinedto depart from the usual routine of his department, and instead of giving the designing of the plans to the officials in his. office as a thing of course, has determined to throv- it open to competition. With this view circulars have been sent to serne of our most distinguished architects, askingt thein to' fuernish designs.- This proceeding, as may easi.lybe Ima- gined, has thlrovrn the Institute of Architects into a great, and pleasing state of excitement, and among these wvho have already promised-to send in plans may he named Sir Charlesi Berry, Mr. Sidney Sxnirl-e, iMr. John Shaw, and Mfr. Penne-* father. It is proposed by the Government to give to each of the unsuccessful candidates 1001.; and their designs, if' they accept thwis slim, to become the property of the Governmeat. The step thus taken will, we believe, meet wi th the entire approbation even of the most rabid reformers in existence. Thus much wvith reference to the prorosed new War-offlce. B,at the Chief Commlissioner of 'W>orks does not stop here. It vwill be remembered that last year the late Sir WYillhamn Molesvrorth brought before the Eouse of Corn-I mons aplan for taking down the offices in Dowvning-street and rebuilding them, using, at the same time, the vacantI picce of ground betwreen the Board of Trade and Fludyer-. street. The cost, for wshich a vote was askied, wa's 90,0G0!.. The House of Cenunonarejected the proposal on the ground I that it wvas the duty of the Government to propose a design I of a more complete character, by wvhich the several1 Government offices might be permanently brought together. They therefore voted nearly 10,000!. for maldag the offices in Dowvning-street temptorarily secure, and 30,000. for the. purchase of land contigu ous to Downaing-street. In the House of Lords, Lords Rtedesdale, Derby, DIonteagele, Ellenborough, Ha.rdwicli, the Mas.quis of Lansdowne, and Lord Stainley of Aldarley, all spoke in favour of a more extenlded anid granuder design, and obtained a promlise from Government that they wvould give the subject the fullest consideration- This thley have done, anxd the plan of the Chief Commissioner of WForks is, it is said, somewhEat as follow;s:-He proposes to purchase the entire block of buildings cormmencing frern Dowrning-street to Great George-street, including the north side of P~arliament-stzeet. Supposing this done, there wvould be an open space from Parliament-street to St James's Park. Itisthen proposed to erect a rnagnificient range of public offices, in a direct line from the Treasury-chanubars to CGeorge-street, Storey's-gate; ff sthatneprtion would lookc to thevwest and the other so that one pa ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~ hi I ito Parliament-street. By these means the road from the Horse Guards to Great George-street w ould be of the same ! width, and wvould form onie of the most magnificent thoroughfares in Europe. By it the beauties of Westminster |Abbe and the new Houses of Parliament would babronght I prom.tinently forward. Of conrse these alterations cannot pres effect ebut by a large outlay,o and one, perhaps, that would startle the House of Com mons out of its propriety; but then to meet this expenditcre, so that it should not fall etoo hevily at once, it is propasedtothrow the return of the iontlay over a period of years. Dcsigns, such as the above, have been 'doating before the mninds of successive ComWisd SionerS of Works, but they had not the pluck to bring them ;hforward;it ispnot believed thatgthenp resent commissioner, tbked bthe Government, will, early after Eiaster, bring opan ore the Hnuse of Commopns, and ask for heir I aptp-oval whichthere is not mnuch de bt they will acord.- I Obscr'eo;
I SECOND EDITION. I - TBf"S-OFPcB, Mond.ay Moning. I EDXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated Saturday, 6 p.m.:- The Empress was taken with the pains of child-. birth at about 5 o'clock this morning. So soon as it became known that the accouchemenlt was at hand due notice was sent roulnd to the Pinoes of the Imperial family by the Princess of Essling, Grand Mistress of the Empress's houehold. The attendance was prompt. Among those of the family who were summoned to the Tuileries was Prince lucien Louis Bonaparte, -who only arrived from London on Tuesday evening last. His Highness had met-with a severe accident in his own house before leaving; a piece of marble fell where he happened to be standing, and broke the great toe of his left foot. Aware of the approaching acudClemccmt of the Empress the Prince was anxious to come to Paris at all risks, but the pain he has suffered since the journey is intense. When he received notice this morning from the Palace he expressed his desire to be present, but the pain and iflanmmation in the footwere zuch that the Emperor desired he should renmain qutiet-the Prince resides, when in Paris, in the Rue deRivoli-and that he should be represented on the occasion by another Prinee of the family, the son of Prince Charles (of Canino). The summons was sent round to the Ministers, the Senate, Deputies, Council of State, and the high functionaries of the Goveinment. l'he Senate soon after assembled at the Laxembomgi and the Deputies at their Chamber. The Presidents of those bodies and the high functionaries of State proceeded to the Palace of the Tuileries, to be in attendance. The Emperor, the Princess d'Esling, andMad&nie AMontijo, the Empress's mother, have remained the whole of the day in the Empress?a apartment. The dignitaries of Lhe Emnpire are assembled in the , een drawing roeso hard by the Empress's chamber. In the apartmeieti further off are the Emperor's aide-de. c camps and thie officers of the household. Thefurstpains, it is said, were severe, but were kmss so some hours after, and so far as could, be known up to 4 oclock-, the Emapress was going on as weUlas could Te expected. The followingis the official notice posted up at the Riurse at a quarter-past 2 o'clock p.m. :_ 'Her Mjesty the Emapress felt the fist pasha of labour aboat 5 o'clock this morig. You bsialbe inThrmele jimmediately of the birth of the Imperial infant." The Municipal CeRonil of Paris is absembed e;2?ert-malle,ce at taeRHotel de Yvle. Mumerous group& were stat.oned from am early houronthePlaceduCarrousel, and in the garder& and terraces of the Tuieries. Preparationsaremade at al the public buildingsfor illuminations, the first. suAd of tie cannon of the- Invalides is awaitecl with anxiety, andcthe artillerynen are standing attheir guns~ with matches lighted the whole of the day, expecting,everynmomemt the signal samefnom the Tuileries. It. was reporued this morning, that at 2 o'clock the- delivery, ight be expected,, and. again at. 4 ; but DO signal has, up to, the moment,i write amao'aneedi the event, and nofiresh despatcBshns been pubiiehecl. Independently of tbe political importance atbached to an event which makes people forget for tlie-moment the Conferences, it ca-nnot. be deniecl that great interest isi qry generally felt and good visles breathed for the safe delivery of tli-Empress. The folslwingpr i?vaW-telegraphic despatieshhavebeen received:: i'IEXNA, 3T&rcrr -t- "A f urthsr yeducrieo in. 'Se Austrian army has been announced." "BERLIN, XARcnm1ii "The thet Austria jrncuxi of Cracow, states that there wll txkeplce in IPoland, o2. the 15th inst., a general levy of retr: bts, ordered by tha Gsemernm ent." " BERT]-, MlI&RcEsm1A "X. da Banteuffel is to lea.ve to-morrow, at Tin thc morninig.. i BaIlan, Under Secretar' of State, is-to per form ad:i.rx i, the functions- ofthe Minister while absent. "I It is-arcmed that the Xi=.Z.in a letter to Vie Minister of Justic_,,has espressed the- severest censure upon the late duel, and:has-ordered justice-to take its course ' The'Jbciey Club, it is sai4 is to be definitively vh-ed by order-cf tThe authorities." Several of the Paris- jownals assert thag whe the Pbpe deigns to stnal godfather to any iniant, it is contrary to etiquet,e for such a child Xs- lIae a godmother. That dealaration seems ts- be ax error,, as 'will appear from the followving fasl --The Daupihin, son of Louis XV., born on theist of November, 1661, and baptised in August, 1668, ha) for godfather Pope Clement IX, and for go.lmother the- Queen-Dowager of England, -widow of0Charles I. The Pope 'was represented at the ceremony by Cardihal de Vendome, cardinal a laferc, and -theQueen of England by the pious and charitable Princess de Conti (Anne-Marie Mamtinozzi). TN1s fact is attested by the Gazefte de France of the time, and by a number of official documents. A Paris letter, in the Inaepcndaitce of Brussels, says:- "Baron deBranow, exihasted vith fatigue, fainted on Wednesday in the cabinet oftheMixiisCerofForeignAffairs. just as the Plenipotentiaries were about to enter on their deliberations. This incident, which caused great emotiorn among the memnbers of the Congress, had no painful results-11. de Brunow having promptly recovered -was able to join his cofleagnes. Although lpeace is not yet signed, tle question as to who will he the future Ambassador at St. Petersburg hasbeg un to be discussed. General de Ia Hitte, the Marquis de la Rochejaquelain, General Caurohert, Baron de Bourquneev, nnd many otlhers are spoken of. It is said, however, thabt before any nomination is iade Count de MIoray, President of the Legislative Body, %rillbesent as Anmbassador Extraordinary to Mloscow, to attend the coronation of Alexander IL" The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 73f. 45c. for the end of the month; tlle Four-and-a-Hnlf pert Cents. at 94f. 95c.; and the Newltoan at 73f. 90c.; Orleans Railway Shares, l,290f.; Great Northerm 992f. 50c.; Strasburg, 9O'Of.; New Shares, S20f.; Parfi and Lyons, 1,25TF.; Lyons to -the MIeditorranean, 1,572f. 50c.; Western oS France, SS3f. 7tic. Bordeaux and Cette, 700f.; Great Centml ot France, 652f. 50c.; Lyons and Geneva, 770f. ; Bank of Cr4dit Mobilier, 1,5S0f.; Austrian lail'ways, 922f. 50c. Couzs dclicn e.-I'anIs, Marcl 15.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 89f.; ditto not zeimbiursahle for 10 years, 94f. 94f 2.5c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 941. 50c. ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 50c.; Threc per Cents., 72f. S5c. VCc. 73f. ; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72f. G0c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 73f. 5Oc.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 73'F. 5c. . Bank of France, 3,450f. Ciedit Foncier, 722£. 5Oc. 72Sf. 727f. 50c.: ditto Oblii"atiocn of 500f., Four per Cents., 450£.; ditto Th-ee per 6ents., 415f. ; ditto Tcnths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; From. O1)- ligations of 1,OC0f., Three per Cents.; 9n0f.; Credit Idobilier, 1,570f. 1,59£f. 1,585f. 1,580£.; Dis_count Bank, 64-71. 50c. 650f. 647f, 50c. Piedinontese Five per Cents., 92f. 92f. 25c. SOc.;* Belg,ian Fcur-and-a-Half per Cents., 9G,Q, Itente do:S'aples (othschild's), 113; Eeomans, 88; Spaish Deferred Converted, 254>: ditto News Passives, 74; ditto Thtorior Debt, 39i. Exchange on London, at sighlt, papor, 25oo ~5c. ; thre e monthls, money, 2-fif. 921.c. TURKEY. (FOM OUn OWN CORP"OXNDM T.) CONSTANTINOPLE, iAnCH r. While the Western Powers are drawing up protocols about the future of Turkey, and while the Sultan is lavishing general principles for the benefit of his subjects, every day new proofs arrive from. the provinces showing the feebleness of the execufive power. The Padishah is great, and so are the Western Powers, but Stamboul is far off, and the Ambassadors too; the roads are bad, and so ii likewise the official world of Constantinople. The [ aequwnee is, tha.t whether we looI; to AOS or
ELECrIoN OF A I{3nw BrsHor.-The ceremony of electing the new Bishop of Carlisle took place in the Chap. ter-house on Wednesday lat. It is now nothing but a ceremony. The assembled Chapter stood in mute attention while their registrar, Mr. Saul, read the Queen's gracious letter to them, granting them her leave to proceed to the election of a bishop and pastor of their cathedral church and diocess in place of the Hon. and Right Rev. Dr. Percy, deceased. It sounded like a reality for the moment. But, without a pause, the registrar read on Her Majesty's letters commendatory, nominating the Hon. and Rev. Henry Montague ViLliers, and charging the Dean and Chapter on their allegiance to elect hin. The choice, no doubt, is most unexceptionable. The registrar readson-theact of election the return to Her Majesty's most gracious letters-the certificate to the archbishop of the province of the election of his suffragan-and the notification to the bishop elect. In silence the documents pass underthe Chapter's seal, and receive the attestation of the registrar, and of Mr. G. G. Mounsey, a notary public called in for the purpose, and the Chapter breaks up. The antigue phraseology of the Queen's letters, unchanged probably since the days of Henry VIt ., and the mute, passive appearance of all present (the registrar only excepted), strikingly illustrate the tenacity of ancient formalities among us after all substance and realityhave departed fromthem. No one thing apparently connected with another can have less to do wvith it in reality than the capitular election of abishop hasto dowith his real appointment.-edariele Patriot. THE RumIouRED DsosLI'Tol.-A rumour has been warming the new walls of the Carlton for some days past, and is. repaodxued with Bppropriate tepographical daonouts by our Iory contemporaries of both sexes, to the effect that an in nediate dissolution of Pneliament has been decided on, and Will takeplace upon the intual termination of the Paris Conferences. The rumour is quite without foandation. The only reason that the Opposition can assign for such astep is "Palmerston's immense popul:ariy just, nowr ;" but unenoubted and " immense" as that popularity is, it. would not be sufficient justiHication for the Premier to plunge the country into the fever of adissolution. Way. wrard, sectional, and unreasonable as the present House of Commons sometimes shows itself, it has yet on all occasions of Iuportance answered the appeals of the Government; a-nd lthough, considering the auspices under which the House was elected in 1852, Lord Palmerston might very reasonably mako a direct appeal to the country, we have the best reason to believe that at present he has no such step in contemplation. If there be a dissolution this year, it will be the act of the House of Commons itself.- GMobe. [Advertisement.]-Easter Gifts and Easter Offerings.-It is whoiDy impossible to select a more appr uiate, useful, and acent- ablo gift for daughter, sister. or wife than 'ireaures in Xeedieworf4 b?,yiUr.mWarren and Mrm Pullan (price S& Cd., nehlp ilt). or the PracticalHouewif"= by theeditors of the "Family iTend5 (prioa 25. 6d, strongly bound). Thewe book2 h; e hbeen universally commended, thc nirstas being "a casket of treasures" (tide I Illustrated London News." Jan. 26,186), while the necdo* iczs sapoken of as a A capital handbook" (vide " Atheueumn." Dec. 29, 1855) "that every considerateliousekeeer shouldconsult" (rids "`t8mferd Mercury Nov. 16,ISSS). Shontd the ehoice go beyond these rellyc heap, goo, and instructive TolumcM. " lEegant Arta for Ladies, (just out. 3. 6d4, the " vife's Own Book of CDokery "(nearly ready, 3s. 6d.), and "Bech. ateing gHandbookof Chiunber and age Birds" (lust out. 2s. 6d.) are books thatmostproe bohagreeablo and instructive. Better works donotexist. They are beutitull5-i211strated, Ward and LY, 1'I, E_eet-set, and5i.ba okselles
I FORBEIGN INTBLLIGAEE. AUSTRIA. (motM OUR OWN CORRRSPNDZNT.) I.0~~~.±-I Y16N iNA, MARCH 1U. The reason why it is firmly believed here that peace will be concluded is because the true state of things in Russia is perfectly well known. We are aware that the typhus has committed great ravages at Nicholaieff, but we are somewhat disinclined to believe thaMt things are so bad as is represented in the following letter, which has been received by the OesterreicItischc Zeithgq7- "ODESSA, FEB. 29. A" terrible complaint-the typhus-prevails in our city, and it is particularly -violent amoiig the toops. Above 20,000 are now in the hospitals, and thousands hamve already died. Despite the greatest exertions it is extremely difficult to find accommodation for so many patients. Hospitals have been established in the very midst of that part of the city which is inhabited by the better classes, and thousands of patients occupy them, but physicians and proper nurses are wanting. In one week 12 military physicians and four medical mnenin private practice died. Amongthem were twcAmericans,who were aboutto return home. The typhus has committed terrible ravages in the whole of Southern Russia, and particularly in those places which are near thetheatre of war. BakshiseraiSimpheropol, Kherson, andNicholaleffare almost empty. It is estimated that this pestilence has already carried off 100,0D0 men. It is gradually spreading over Bessarabia. "There are 15 vessels oft Einburn, 'bt they attempt nothing. The day before yesterday the news that an armistice had been concluded reached us, and we are more than ever persuaded that peace will be concluded." A personwho has just arrived here from Italystates that the concordat and the measures of the bishops have produced a very singular impression. It is not that the Italians find faultwvith their clerical countrymen for making the most of the privileges recently granted them, but they seem to entertain a profound contempt for a Government wvhich has not energy enough to make a handful of overbearing priests obey the laws of the land. During the Carnival there were some veryrough jokes atthe expense of the concordat and its authors, but the authorities did not consider it advisable to inteifere. The people offer passive resistance to the ordinances of the bishops, and the booksellers take no notice of the " preventive censorship." The greaternurber of the Italian papers are now in the pay of the Church,but the object of the clergy is not attained, for the public will not read any of the organs of the Ultramontane party. In a casino or reading-room at Bergamo the members have agreed not to take in any ultraCatholic newspaper. The "barracks" question is sti31 pending betweenthe Church and Marshal Radetzlky. Some of the convents have already been restored to the mronks; but the veteran soldier stoutlymaintains that he neither can nor will evacuate the others until barracks have been found in which he can quarter his men. The assertion that the AngloBritish Legion has been tampered with "byAustrian agents " amuses the Italians, who know but too well what strit disciplinarians the Austrian Generals are. The prevalent feeling in Hungary is that of discontent; and it is not likely that there will be any change in it until improved means of communication enable all classes of society to better their condition. The soil of Hungary is, perhaps, the richest in Europe, and the fact is well known to the French and Germans, who display a great inclination to invest capital in ivdustriej establishments in the land of the Magyar. The capital of the Theiss Railroad Company (40,000,000fl.) has, for the most part, been subscribed by German houses. The parties who are principally concerned are the Berlin houses of Schickler, Anhalt, Wagner, Warschauer, Magnus, &c., and the Frankfort firms of Bethmann, Brothers, Cornelius, and Goll and Sons. The Darmstadt Bank and the Vienna Credit Bank are also concerned in the business, but the Hungarian nobles will keep a large share for themselves. It is worthy of notice that.the whole capital of 40,000,000i1. has been raised by 1. Mlaurice de Haber within a fortnizht or three weeks. The Vienna papers affirm that the fall in the Credit Bank shares was caused by a sudden sale of shares to the amount of some millions of florins by the 'ienna firns A. and E. (Arnstein and Eskelles) and S. G. S. (Baron- Sina), both of which are in intimate connexion with the French Credit MIobilier. In a few days it will be in my power to give you some exact information relative to the Italian railroads. The Drave has been examined, and it has been found deep enough for vessels requiring a considerable depth of water. The navigation will in future be carried on by means of steamers. The export of whleat from Galatz in 1855 iias 350,915 English quatelrs; of rye, 8%320 English quarters; of maize, 464,982 English quarters. The exports from Brailowv were :-Wheat, 390,809 English quarters; maize, 632,952 English quarters. SPAM. (FROM Un OWN' CoRRSPoxnDNr.) llARID, MaRcIr 10. The new tariff plan of Senor Santa Cruz, which I adverted to in my last, occupies, with-all its details, great part of yesterday's and to-day's Gazette. It is, as I stated, oi a more restrictive character than that of Senor Bruil, and I am assured that the cause of the latter's leaving the Ministry was quite as much because he refused to give up his measure of tariff reform as his adherence to the modified scheme of Excise and gate duties with which he proposed to make up the remaining deficit. Senor Emiil expected to derive an additional revenue of 40,000,000 reals from his Tariff Bill. Senor Santa Cruz seems to expect nothing at present, but has some vagne hopes for the future, Many of the least important articles of the former have been retained, but the 73 articles of the general tariff, and 30 of the cotton tariff, as proposed by Senor Bruil, which have been altered inarestrictive sense by the present MIinister, embrace the most important ones, including cottons, woollens, silks, iron goods, paper, made-up clothes, &c. The chief modifications now proposed as regards cottons in Senor Emuil's tariff measure are- Cotton thread (foreig,n) to be prohibited up to No. 44, instead of 39, and the duty on those above 44 to be increased from 3 to 4 reals per pound. Cotton goods to be prohibited up to 22, instead of 20, threads to the quarter inch. Various classes of the cottons admissible to pay from one-fifth to one-third more duty than proposed before. The ad evalorem duty on made-up clothes to be 50 and 60 per cent., according to the flag, instead of 30 and 40; on embroidery, &c. (pasamaneria), to be 45, instead of 35 per cent.; and the general ad uamortm duty on the classes not specified to be 40, instead of 35 per cent. The same rule -has been applied to various classes of mixed goods, iron warps, and the other classes above mentioned. It is evident, even without the admission of the fact by the . AMinister, that it is chiefly political considerations which have influenced the Government in departing from the former plan, and I have been told by persons friendly themselves to tariffreform that the Catalans were quite prepared for an insurrection had Senor Bmil's plan been proceeded with. It remains now to be seen how the Cortes will deal with the question, but they will probably adopt the changes now proposed by a large majority. As regards the Ways and Means proposed by the new nister tX mie up the detcic;t (which latter willbe further increased by the abandonment of the former tariff measure), negotiations are taking place, and the discussion on the revenue estimates will be postponed for some days, .to allow an arrangement to be come to. The Cortes are -occupied to-day -with the municipal and provincial bases, and will be to-morrow with a proposition to do away with the pensions and allowances now made to retiring Ministers. The Duke de la Victoria, who is colonel of the st Regimenet of Cavalry of the National Guard (Lancers),reviewed them yesterday afternon at the Campo de Guardias, where a battalion of infantry of that arm was also reviewed, and both put through some manceuvres. The duke was very well received by the multitude present. He .ddleaaed thhem in one of his accustomed speeches on the occasion, concluding with " vivas" for liberty and the. con-] titutional Queen. After the review the duke had a, large, dinner party, at which all the officers of the] remiment were present. 'I understana that the Crddit Mobilier Company here are about to apply to the (overnment for authorization to establish a local bank of issue at Seville, and probably at some other large provncial i towns. I The Three per Cents. were done to-day at 38 95, and the Deferred ditto at 24.
THE' DESTRUCTIOJ OF COVEATZGARDl'R .T.AWA2E. On Saturday, Mr. Bedford, coroner for the city of Westninster, and the jury resuned the investigation begun on Tuesday last, at the Piazza Hotel, Covent-garden, into the origin of the late disastrous fire, which resulted in the Xdestruction of Covent-garden Theatre. IMr. W. Harrisson, a mochinist, residing at 8, Exeterstreet, Strand, said he had been employed by Mr. Anderson atCovent-garden Theatre, in making and repairinghismragic machinery. Had had nothingto do withthetheatrebusiness, except looking after George lanning, who was employed in the top shop making a 'proscenium. He vas employed there on the day preceding the morning the fire took place. Oa that day he was planing some wood for a proscenium for a portable stage. Two other muen worked up there occasionaDy -Finlason andDalton, the latter of whom was emplo-ed by the property man. 3 o'clock in the afternoon of the day preceding the morning of the fire was the last time witness was up in the top shop. Believed Lanning was planing there. There were some shavigs and a large quantity of wood lying about the shop. Witness was on the stage at about a ,qaurter-past5, and Luning thensaidbewasgoinghome. He dd not then say to witness w;hether there was any one then' up inthe top shop. Witness did not go up after that. Had smelt gas upthere,butnot onthat day. Therewasnofire nor Ifireplace there. It was generally too w arm, as it was over the theatre, and was heated overnight. SawLanning on the dayinquestionopenthe vindow ofthe shop toletinfreshair. There was aventlatorinthe middleofthe shop. The window Was at the extreme end. This shop opened into the paintroom, the floor of which was, perhaps, 20 feet blow tht of the carpenter's shop. The other end of the shop was partlv filled with properties and carpenterS' benches. The heat to that room came from the house generally, and not from the chandelier in particular. The carpenter's shop extended nearly over the entire house. There were two entrances to the carpenter's shop, one from the flies, and the other from thethirdAjer of box;es. Was not inthehousemheuthefiretook place. left it abouthalf-past3o'elockthatmorning. Noticed nothing particularthat dtay, not even a smell of gas. Was not in the habit of going into that shop when the performances were going on. Should think that a person could get up there from the stage when the performances were going on. Ianning might have been doing some glneing on the dayl'efore the fire, but the glue was not heated in the carpenter's shop. He had considered the matter, and could find no reasonfor the fire. It was possible that when saturating the wool the spirits of wine might have fallen, but it could scarcely have been set on firo by the chandelier. Could, by opening a door, havereachedtheshaftleadingfromthecarpsntefs shop to the chandelier. There were planks to prevent persons from falling into the shaft. Never felt those planks hot, but had not had his hand on them while the chandelier was burnin. By Mr. T'aylor, the vestry-clerk.-About this day month Lanning had a small bottle of spirits of 'wine to poli a box. He also had a lamp. Wfituess told him that he should not have alamp there. Mr. Anderson did not allow lights to be used in that room. Lannig took the spirits of wine away. Was in the flies about a-quarter past 11 o'clock on the night of the ball, and saw two of Mr. Sloman's men there. Witness was taking cars of the stage-door, leadihig into Hart-street, that night. Tinlson .was one of the men in the flies. Did not see himleave the theatre that xfiht. By the Coroner.-Never heard of a threat being used by any of the people employed by Mr. Anderson, nor of a disagreement between him and them. 3Mr. Benedict Albano, civil engineer, Ring Wiliamstreet, Strand, deposed that the audience part of Coventgarden Theatre had been rebuilt under his personal superintendenca. On the 1st of December, 1846, saw the carpenter's shop, and directed it to be swept, but made no alterations in it. Left the house in 1T47, and had nothing to do with it since. From what he had then seen did not think there was anything in the constraction of the carpenter's shop that rendered it likely to take fire. The flues of tho theatre rrere weM enclosed - theTe was only the fiooring of the carpenter's shop between the latter and the ceiling of the house. Considered that shavings would have been dangerous in the carpenter's shop. Bnilt a 'dne20feet in height and eight feet in diameter over the chandelier, for the purpose oftventilating the house; this fennel was 00feet from the stage. Shavings could not have been ignited by that funneL If the door in that funnel wras open, shavings might have bean blow;n into it. Had been in the carpenters shop at ni"ht, and felt no heat therefrom the house or the chandenier. . Mr. Sidney Smirke, of 79, Grosvenor-street, architect, .said,-On searching his brothel's drawings of the theatre,he founed that over the proscenium there had been a thickwall, so that a fire occurring at one end of the roof would be cut off before reaching the other. That wall had been removed, and to thathe attributed the extensive piogress of the fire. He could not fonn any idea of the cause of the fire, but he thought there was a laxity in respect to access allowed to the carpentefs shop. George Thomas Lanning, of 43, Theobald's-road, carpenter and cabinetmaker, was employed at the theatre by r. nderson for four weeks previously to the fire. Some frames were being made for the new stage the day before the fire. He used no spirits of wine or varnish that day. Was not aware that there was any about the room. Workedtill5 o'clocl;that day. Therewasno oneworklingwithhim, but severalvorkmencameuptohiminthecourseoftheday. Mr.Har- risson superintended the work, He only came up oncethatI day, and gave witness no particular instructions. It was very warm w,here wFitness was wiorking. There was a strong smell of gas in the afternoon, but he accounted for that by the fact that menwere at work under the stage. There was very little shaving about. Had been laming, but not much, on the day in question. Boced the door on leaving, but left the key in it. Left his workc and his tools on the bench. There was a lot of old materials lying in the different corners, but none in the middle of the floor. There was nothing in the centre of the shop but the woodwork 'which witriess le£t there. He left 12 new and 12 old frames near the centre of the shop, but not near the funnel of the chandelier. There was a wooden partition between his shop and the funnel, and on the other side of the partition were old materials, but not, he should say, within 12 feet of the funnel. Left the shop before half-past 5 on that day ; then there was nothingthere that he thounght likely to ignite. He had no lucifers there, nor even a glue-pot. Had never had a light there but once-about three weeks or a month ago, when he had a lamp there for a few minutes. Should say that the public could not have got up to that shop on the night of the bal inasquc. Benjamin Dalliston, a carpenter, residing at 49, Brandonstreet, Walworth, was employed for Mfr. Anderson at Covent-garden Theatre the dayprevious to the fire, as vell as onthe Tuesday. On the Tnesdaywas employedintaLingthe pantomime properties from the stage. Was inthe carpeiter's shop on that day. eft offworkat aooutl5 or20minutesto10. He went up by mneans of a step-ladder at tlhe top of the Bedford staircase, which led into the carpenter's shop. That was the shop in whichLarming was working. His (witness's) son lighted him up to the step-ladder with a candle, as there was no oil in the lamp. He went up in the dark after that, as he knew where to find anything he wanted. He never i carried lucifers about w ith him. All he did -was to gitch his I tools down and take his clothes and come down again. His son waited for him with the candle atthe foot of the ladder. It was dreadfully hot when he went up into the carpenter's shop. It was notlocked. Mr. Andersonhad the key and lost it. Any one from the boxes could go upstairs intothis shop. By the Coroner.-On the night of the fir he heard Mr. Anderson give orders that the batten lights shouldbe turned on strong. The batten lights were'20 or 30 feet below the carpenter's shop, and their object wAas to throw a light on the stage from the upper part of the stage. They were barrels lined with sheet iron, running across tho u-nper par; of the stage, and supported by lines reaching to bfl&s and attached to the filies. By the Jury.-The candle he had to go upstairs, was a composite. Is sure no sparks ilew fiom that candle. The only way a light could be communicated from the battens to the fies would be by it rannin" up the cords which held the battens. About half-past 3 o'clock on the Tuesday night he heard Mr. Anderson say to Mr. Pabner, " Let me have the gas turned on full to-night." When he said thAt he moved his hand in the direction of the batten lights. Theywere turned on full directly. It is quite possible that the carpenter's shop mignt be set on fire by a light catching theline attachedto some of thebattens. By a Juror. -If one of the battens was unlighted, but charged with gas, the gas would ascend and fill the carpenter's shop with gas, and if the gas got over the front of the house under the carpenter's shop it might be ignited. The flooring and materials of the carpenter's shou were very dry. On Tunesdaynight andat2 o'clock on the following morning he did not notice a smell of gas when hewent up to put his tools in the shop. 'Wilaniam Jones examinee.-1 refide in Olney-street, Walworth-road, and was a carpenter in the employ of Mr. Sloman, at Covent-garden' Theatre. My business was in tne flies, under the carpenter's shop. I was up there as late as a quarter-past 4 o'clockl on the Wednesday morning, the morning of the fire. I could sometimes seepersons pass byto get to the cirpenter's shop. There were four gas lights on each side of the top flies, and two on the back bridge of the flies. The carpenter's shop was about 10 feet above the upper ffies. The nearest gs lights to the floor of the carpenter's shop were about six feet below it. If Pat full on the light would not rise more than two inches and a-half If any of the batten lines were to catch fire they might leadto thefloor of the carpenter's shop. There were people up and down into the shon in the conrse of the day, bubtIdon'tknow who. I was on the stage when the fire broke out. I had left the flies about 20 minutes. I first observed a spark faTl down from the flies. It was about 30 feet from the spot where I had been at work. By the Jury.-lS hen I left the upper flies itwas a q=iuter past 4 o'cloce I never then either smelt or saw any indication of fire. My coat was hanging in the top fliez at the back, about 10 feet below the carpenter's shop. I was not smoking at that time. I went there to get my coat. I did not discover any unusual smell of gas. James Cooper, 3S, Green-walk, Cht"rch-street., llacklriars. -I have been employed at Covent- arden ever since it has been an opera. I was employed by Mr. Palmer, the gasman. I ighted part of the great chandelier on the night previous to the fire. I lighted the lower part, which bad not been lighted the day before, during the day performaxnce of Mr. Anderson. We lighted it with spirits of wine. Ithinkl there was about a glll of irits of wine in a giner- i beer bottle. The chandelier islighted by an iron rod filed with tow saturated with spirits of wine. We saturate7 the tow over the chandelier and then light it. The heat was not so great that night as it usually is. I was not up in the carpenter's shop that night, nor had I been for days before. There was no naphths mixed vwith the s irits ot wine. The chandelier was aligh7t when the fire broke out. When I perceived the fire X ran to the valve key, which turned off the gas that supplied the lights on the stage and in front of the house. There was nothing the day before the fire in any part of the house to attract particular notice. The valve wasturned within five minutes after the alarmw as given. Ihavenoideahowthefire occurrd. Mr. J. H. AsDEssoN (" the Wizard of the North") was next called. He said he was an ar7tist m natural magic, and had rented the theatre for ten weeks from the 26th of December from Mr. Gye. Haad the appointment of every one in thethatre, except the firemen. ue was not aware whe ther these were employed by the insuran ce office or the proprietors. Ec had nothing to do with them. The duties of the theatre were conducted under various departWents, haing separate heads. Mr. Slomma 'as master carpenter, and h;Zd the employment 6f the cupenters under him. Wit. ness had several persons in his emnployment exclusive of those employed aboutthe theatre. He had been in the carpenter's shop, where he had a portable stage making, about 1 o'lock the day before tho fire. - Was not in it aftewarftd liad not ascertained anything with reference to the origin I of the fire. 'lhere had been no dispute between him and any of his men. No complaints had been made to him of ; r. Slnrian, but there had been some little dispute between Mr. 1aner, the gasman, and Mr. Slom:n. lSBoth parties referTed the mnatter in dispute to him, and he settled it. There had been a summons issmed from the police-offime vitness said that was imro , and at onoe arranged niatter, ancl he believed tha Mr. Palmer and Mr. sin3Dan were better friends than ever. No threat had been held out. Witne3s had sustained a loss bythe fire, but could not yet say to what amount. He was insured inthe Sunoffice to the amountof 2,000l. Hewas not now liable to rent. His term eopired on the day of th l mauts, or would have terminated that night4 Was aware that there bad been an escape of gas Compintwerenae bygentlemen in private loses, and Mr. Sloman had complained of the gas fittings; but he (witess) said that he could not be expectcd to remedy these, considering his term. Could not state that there waS an escape in any particular spot. He beilieved it vvas morally impossible that the gas could have causedl thEe fire. He was not awvare that any minfammable material wmas in the carpenter's shop. Had had a theatre of his owen burnt? down, and hadI never discovered the cauise of tdhe fire. The men emaployed about the theatre were as attentive al set of men as he had ever known. He could in no way account for the fire at Covent-garden. He was standing beside Mr. Palmer, who had his hand on the valve, zad witnessasked him what was the sumal signal for the closingof a baZ Masqlo5. He replied that the gas was always lowered. At that moment Mr. Palmerpointed tothe roof, andwitness saw the fire raging. He told the cotupany tht he teatre was on fire, amd he was pulled towards the door. A piece of machinery used in " The Favourite" was suspended near the Ilies. This .CastIle, the fireman, cut away from the loorscf the carpenter's shop, and it w as followed bv a shower of sparks fromthe floor of the shop. When wiitness engaged the theatre Mr. Gye said he could exercise his ownx discretion in the employment of assistants; and, having got } good account of the heads of the departments from Mr. C.yc, vritness continued them. Wit.h the subordinates, whv were engaged by r. Sloman, he had nothin to do. As many as G' men were employed under 31. Sloran to workc "he pautomime. To the Vestry Clerk-Kept no combustible matter in the carpenter's shop. Used .pirits of ine in his performances but it was kept below. The carpenter's shop was accessible to all the parties employed about the house. At abouthalfpast 3 o'clock on the morning in questionwitness-wentabon.i the lobbies topreventpersons from smoldng. A portionof his stock -was saved. The person employed lunder Mr. Slomasa in maldng the model stage was in witness's employment. Witness changed the gas company because he understood. that the London Gas Company could give a better supply oc light. To the Jury.-The gas company's meters were outside ftAe theatre, so that they could turn offthe gas without enttering the theatre. He did not think that any of the masquers 02' visitors could have got up in the carpenter's shop. Heewas in no less than six fights that night in his endeavours t prevent smoking, which was a raoral impossibility. HIe did not think that any cigars were sold in the theatre that ni"ht. He did not think that a stranger couild have found 'his way up to the carpenter's shop, and it was the duty of the fly-nen not to allow any strmnger up. The in.urance that witness had would have expired about a week afwr the fire. He had not heard if any ef the mnen inthe flies wvere smoking that night. He did not t]ink any of them wvould have dared to smoke, in consequerLce of his stringent orders to prevent the practice. To the Coroner.-The terms of his inmsance, -were reg.- lated according to the length of his term, and extended to, properties, &c., used in the pantomime. IHe did not know whether the insurance would extend to the propertv if moved from the theatre. There was a distinct order given to the fireman that no candles, or any other light than a fireman's lantern, should be carried about the theatre. Never saw, and vas not aware that there was anytling about the theatre vhich would have taken fire if struck. Richard Jones examined.-I am engineer to 'he London Gas Company at Vauxhall. That company supplied Covent-garden Theatre with gas. I have heard the evidence given here with regard to the gas. I have seen it lighted, and could calculate the quantity of gas used. I think, frorm what I have heard, if there had been an ignition of gas, considering the character of the ventilation in the capenter's vworkshop, it could not have taken place without a, -dolent concussion and explosion. The property of gas i3 not to saturate vwood and impregnate it wvith gas, and produce dryness in the wood. It would be impossible to set gas on fire without contact with white heat. From what I avae heard, Iam almost convinced that escape of gas had nothing to do with the fire. The inquiry was then adjourned until Wednesday next, at 3 o'clock. -
THi SP 's DLN-xu.-The Speulcer gave his sixth and Last Parliamentary dinner on Saturday. The following gentlemen attended .-Colonel George Buck, Charles Caimming Brace, lord Robert Cecil, Henry Beaumont Coles, :Mr. C. P,. Colvile, Sir James Ferguisson, Sir B~dmund Fihuer, Lord WXiliam Graham, Colonel Glilpini, :ajr-General Hal, 3Ir. W. F. Hume, Aidmiral Jones, Mr. W\r F. Katebbull, Sir Edmund I,acon, Mr. C. Lusbington, Lord George Manners, Sir Henuy Hseon, Mr. C. A. Moody, Earl of March, Sir Graham Montgomery, Mr. Abel Smith, Mr. Masters Smitb, Mr. John Vance, Lieutenant-Colonel Vyse, Sir John Walsh, Hon. G. Weldsgrave (secretary), Rev. T. Garnier. Excuses -were received fromm r. HorsTall, rd. endall, MIr. Knightley, Viscount Newark, Mr. Kewdegate, Mr. Shirley, Sir 'William 'Verner, Mr. Walter, Sir Edward Dering, Mr. Hans Hamilton, Mr. Sindars, Mir. Bankss Staniope, Mr. Stirling, Lord William Pov;lett, Colonel Lowther. General Wyndhani, Bord Lovaine, MIr. Henry Cole, Colonel Harcourt, Sir Staffod lNorthcote. THE Xmr.nA CoURT OF IQ,.hRY-The dning ball at Chelsea Hospital is being fitted up for the sittings of the Court. Ample accommodation for the Press and the public will be made, about 1,200 of wvhom will be admitted. The arrangements will be concluded forthwith, and early next week the Court avill assemble formally, and adjourn to about the end of the following week, 'when the business sill be at once entered on. Sir Thomas M`Mahon has forwarded a medical certificate of his inability to be a member of the board. Colonel Wetherall, Director-General of Land Transport in the Crimea, son of the Adjutant-General, has been telegraphed to return to England, to attend as a witness, and the Field Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has directed that several of the officers who are onleave of absence in England, from the Crimea, shall not return to the East until the hmeaking up of the hoard. The Earl of Cardigan has sought the assistance of Mr. Mlemewethner, Q.C., inpreparinzg his answer. Sir RWichard Airev has been for thelas~t three wsee3;s preparin his answer. H[e is assisted by Mr. Kinglake, Mr. Towers, solicitor, Colonel Steele, and M1ajor Hackett. -GlnObe GENERAi CoDR=GToD;'.-No man living owes more to the forbearance of the press than does Sir Willian Codrington, yet is he the first to 'wago war ao'ainst its correspondents w-ithout. sufficient data, thereby proving how utterly he is uninformed of realities. No one, if we mayjudge from his despatches, deals more in ideals than does his Excellency the Commander-in-Chief of the British Army in the Crimea. He is very figurative in his descriptions, is not a particularly good graunmarian, and it is somewhat difficult to come at his real meaning; but that is not oimaciaimportance, as alhiswordas seem to vanish in pinnacles of smoke and empty air. We will givehim creditfor good intentions, but beforehe addressed his letter to General Viian he mighEt as 'well have ascertained the fact that "our own correspondent" 'was not within lea'ues of the spot whence the direful intelligoenceof forts, ditches, stockades, 'was sent to London to be disseminated from the headquarters of journalism throughout the civilized world. enemal Codrington surely cannot have been so long in command of the army which, under his rule, appears to be in such very fine order, and to enjoy an unprecedented state of robust health, attributable either to his good management or to the effects of a wonderfully fine climate, or both combined, without being fully alive to the system of Russian erpionnaqc. Why, if he woluld send to the Bnurau de Police of the l3ussian army any morning, he 'would be told what he had for dinner on the preceding day, and who wvere his guests, and possiblythe different subjects of conversation. "Surrounded and encircled," to use the gecneral's own flowvery 3nd supererogatomy 'words, by men of all nations, he ought not to be surprised at learnaing that his most Secret movements and actions v'were carefully watehed-itay, more, that no spade was pat in the ground without the information being conveyed to the Bassian army long before it could reach this country even by means of the electric telegraph. Suppobing him to beacquainted with what every man under his command lnewwell enough, the general must assuredly have laboured under an attack of bile when he commenced his attack against the pressan attack which will fail more signally than even that which he was ordered tto maLe upon the Redan. tTpon this subject we have abstained from remark, for the people of England were crming ouLt for younger commanders bat wc always considered the unsuccessful general 'was not the one to select when the promotion of a junior officer to the chief command was decided upon. There were others who had proved themselves, had better claims, and to whom we looked as better men. As theI commander of a brigade, General Codrington had done well ; as the commander of a divsion, ho appeared to have got oat of his depth ; if the war continue, he has to show whether he can command an army of 100,00D men. The Dukc of Wellington never had so fiunean army ander his command as General Codraington has at this moment. For the sake of our soldiers and the nation's honour we wish him well; but we cannot forget the terse observation of one of his own famly connexious, when asked his opinion as to the appointment :- I neYer knew any of the breed that had a grain of talent in thoir composition." Jiadging from the general's mode of expressing himself, there is nothing to elevate him beyond mediocrity; he would do well to study military history, and to bear in mWiind that, from tho days of Julius C2sar to thx present, the best generals have been the best writers.- Unifrd Se;'dce 6'azele. ATTBTxr TO SrTAB L&nY C uy.-A YoU11g woman, named Marian Daniells, one of the chambermaids at the Pier Hotel was charged before the ma" istrates Mt Brighton, on Fliday, 'vith attempting to stab IaN; Chantry relict of Sir F. Chnury, thne eminent scuptor. lIt appearea that the prisoner had been some time in the establishment, and was generally very well conducted. Recently,-howevor, it was observed that she had somewhat changed in her manner, but nothing serious was apprehended. In the course of yesterday morning she was in one of L%dy Chantry's rooms cleaning it up, her Ladyship being also in the apartmnent, when anotherdomestic hearing screams went into the room and fonnd the prisonor in an excited state 'with a cheese knife in her hand. After some struggling it 'was got from her, and then it was ascertained that she had attempted to stab her I,adyship, 'whose dress tas cat in several places. The Bench remanded her, i orfer that she xnig'hit undergo medical examnation. The attack has hada serious effect upon Lady Chamtry, who is upw&ads. of years of age.
- THE CIMEA N R EPOBT. -rn 7mT.ThgvR R:FPLY. Mr. C ommiary-General Filder, observing that Lord Paninure is reported to have- stated in the House' of Peers, that any representation which nmight bo made by officers who felt themselves aggrieved by the report of Sir John 3'rNeill and Colone'w Tulloci would be presented to Parliament, kwamtrasmitted- to lr. Peel his remarks on those parts of that document which relate to the duties of the Coramissariat, and according to his request they have been laid before the Hoiise of Commons. MIr.-Filder prefaces his reply to the Report of the Commimsioners by some general remarks, from.which we make the following extracts - "T he Comnmisariat has the duty, by the regulations of the servce, of raising, of holding, and of paying the funds necessary to meet the vhole of the army expenditure, ani of making all purchases required for the service of its own or any other department. It is responsible for keeping up the supplies of provisons forage, fuel, and light, according t the regulated scales of allowance, vith such additions as may be specially authorized by the CommandLer of the Forces; but the Commissary-General has no authrity to alter, nor has he, except so far as his opinion may be asked or deferred to, any influence in alterng the established ration or other allowances in the most mninute particular. With respect:to supplies of any other kind, such as Quartermaster-General's and hospital stores, the Comnnissariat, during the time I was in cEarge of it, only he' a them on behalf of the departments at wvhose respective disposal they wvere, and issued them on their requisitions. Stores of this description viith the army in the East haFe recently been given over to storekeepers of the Ordnam:e Department; but it was, and is still, the duty of the Canunissariat, in case of any deficiency in the supply sent oui from England, or of any emergency rendering necessary articles of a description not ordinarily in use, to purchas3 them on the authorized requisition of the proper departments, the heads of those departments being iesponsible for the extent and nature of their demands. " Tho Conimissariat had likewise, till it was transferred to a se rate and independent establishment, the duty of rovig all the land transport required for the service of the arm- "To rarry on these extensive and onerous duties which, indeed, embrace all the civil administration of the army exceptimi" the hospitals, and have since been divided anong t'ree separate departments,I had from the first an inszficient establishnment both of officers and subordinate cmployis, wihich imas still further weakened iby the great amount of sickness and mortality which prevaild, owing to the nature and excessive labour of the dusies to be performed. N one of the subordimate establishments absolutely necessary to the efficiency of a field Commissariat existed at the outbreak of the war, ard even the officers had to be colected from the most diitant parts of the empire, from Sierra Leone, the Cay of Good. Hope, and New South Wales, and of course by slow degrees. In the meantime I had to carry on the duties, with the temporary assistance of gentlemen furmishedfrom other publie departments, and wholly without experience in Commissariat service. This inefficient state of the department when I took charge of it necessarily divertei much of my attention from the more important sgeneral arrangements of the service to the regulation of details; bat I notice it less for the purpose of accounting for any own possible errors and omissions than with the object of meeting the comparison which has been frequently made elsewhere, and is partially made use of in this renort, between the success of the French ad Briish Commissariat'operations. That the success has been uniformly on the side of the former isfar from being established; but that generally it ought to be so is quite clear, iuasmuch as there is the greatest possible advantage on that side in the completeness of the establishments on -which EO much of Commissariat success depends. These are .not, as with us, discarded at the termination of a period of active warfare, and wholly neglected during the continuance ofpeace, but are constantly kept up in an eftective, even if a reduced state, and are considered as necessary an accompaniment of every body of detached troopg as any other portion of the army, and thus give a facility of action to a French force at the outset, which can be acquired by an :BEaglish farmy only after long, and perhaps disastrous as well as costly experience. I do not presume here to enter into the question, whether or not a similar system ought to be adoptea in our service; but the fact that no such -system does exist in it should be taken into consideration in estimating the exertions of the British - Cornmisariat officers, who usually, like myself, are thrown at once upon their own slghtly aided resources, and compelled to occupy themselves in creating the means of action at the moment when action is already needed. " A further and, as regards my own immediate responsiLility, a yet more important difficulty under which I laboured was the uncertainty of the intended or prfobable position of the army duTing the apnroaching wintir. The supply of a large force in that season requires in almost any country subject to alternations of climate timelyand extenasve previous arrangements; but, in a situation like that of the besieging force beore Sebastopol, it demanded a'tention as early even as when the army firstlanded. I had, indeed, before that . expedition was known to be projected, and when i. was generally sup Ied that the troops would le put into cantonments near Constantinople, applied to Lord Itnelan for instructions to guide my preparations. I re-. peated -my application when the exrpedition wias on its way, and renewedift in the early part of October, but it was not till the 12th of that month that bin L^ordship wvas able to give me'any orders whatever on the subject. Theythen went no further than directions to lay in a stock of fuel at Scutari, and it was only on the 8th of November, when winter had already commenced, that I learnt that the army would remain in the Crimea, and received orders to make provision accordingly. The commissioners, though ap* parently aware of these facts, represent, as a defect of in- telligence and fore3sight on my part, that I did not, of my *own aut,hority and on my own responsiibility, takie measures from which the officer in chief command withheld his sanction, andthey as3sume, contrary to the fact, that through adhererce to established but inapplicable lusages I omit,ted to avail, myself of the resources within my reach, by which -the extraordinlary and unforeseen exigencies of the service might have been met. My replies to their more specific allegationNs wvill showv howv far they have misjudged my actual proceedings;i but I may here observe that they have widely miscalculated my powver of enlarging the hounds3 of -them, 'without the risk of e.xposing myself to condemnation which I had more cause to dread than their cens3ure. 2Neither the regulations nor the general character of our service gie to the head of a commissariat establishmnent the unlimited rnmge of discretion wlhich they pre~sume; and although he may, in solicitude for the ultimate benefit of the service, venture far on his nersonal respon-sibility, it is hardly to be expected of a subcordinate officer that his zesl shouid carry him beyond the point which his immediate superior declines to overstep." Mr. FilIder then makes the following "Rlemarks" *on th3 ";Observations" of the Commtissioners re*specting the Commissariat service. As we have publi'aued the-report of the Commssion in full, we nowF print onliy M!#r. Filder's remarks ulpon them. onQ IJS n- SroEs. "The established rat on for all troops in the field wreas n to reduced; but the extra allouance was discontinred. It wfas a matter of notoriety that 1blb. of bscuit wase more than the men could est, and that they sold orgaveaway a part of what they received to the French troops who frequented our lines. This was before the storm or any deficiencies had occutrred. My motive for recommending the discontinuance, under such circum-stances 'of the extra alowance , that its issue impeded sae pr,l.ess of the depot which I was thea forming iof frot,V-*t object being, at the same time, further imouprsed ey the appropriation of a part of the commissabiat 2lransport for the conveyance of admmnition. "Ha1 the extra quantity of biscuit issued to the troops in -arnp een alltowed to accumauate in depOt there, the enimals, which during the ivnter were occupiedina transporing -that ariscle, might have been empoyed in aa gring np other supplies z ieca wlere then so mach needed the extrai quantity issued very greatly exceeded all the defi. cisecies of biscuit which occurred throughout the winter, " I d--d no' see the general order before it wvas issued, or I should l(ave objected to the wording of it. n tTha Commissioners have omitted to state, wat is showin by the evidence annexed to their report, p. 15w, that th salt meat received from the navy only replaced the quaMnity whichhad been suppliedfro the Commisariat storhe far seamen ande marines serving on shore. This supply r t- nav was no t, therefore, a loan, bwt a resdtittion -of ialomn. CC S1;:P.T RATrOnTS. cNtwithstnding that rice was noto ration from the '1bt ow lfovember to the 2fth of December, the Coth-i iriat officers issued it by my orders during that period lhene er they could get it conveyed to the front. I -will Frertco tothis hereafter, IEn Januay, rice had again become a ration, and during - tha whale of the month it was issued regtlarly to all the . y, with the exception of the FourthDivision, which, s etated by the preceding paragraph of the Commissioners' Report, did not receive any 'for the firstc 10 days. nor for - thie oher days; and part of the Light Divsion, which for xix dyds of the month received only half rations! Tho extent of the deficiencies to those corps is shown in Paper No. 45, printed in the Appendix to the Commissioners' Report. There were, also, issued to the troops in January 159,824b. pre5erved and dried vegetables, and 77,2501b. fresh 'vegetables; total, 137,0741b. "In the month of February all the troops, without ex. -ceptiom, received regular rations of rice; more vegetables, also, were issued to them mn that month-that is, before the arrival of the Conmissioner in the Crimea-than in the month preceding their departure, when, according to their Eeport, the diet of the s.ldiers was better than any army : lad, in any former campaign, been supplied with. CC VEOGrAILMS ISSuID. lb. Febmuary.-Fesh ... ... , ... 559,000 Preserved ... .... 3,780 562,780 "(Average number of troops drawingrations, 32,300, being -71b. pV man. lb. jGy.-Freesh... ... ... ... ... 435,000 Preserved ... ... ... ... 53,40 488.540 f'(Ae num ber drawing rations, 42,000i,ing}lAlb. per _u ; * shown by the vouchers now A the Audit-office. Mse troops were not, therefore, sAg saserte by the Comminaionws, confiLned exdusively to bieult, in adWtjon to their jolt mnaa, during the perio staW . id"FasIS MEFAT. 9CTeret.rnsihows thatthe averae quVtt of fresh 3dat s2pflied by the Com iriat uripg the five winter nout1. frorn Novembel to March, was nearly lOlb. per wan per month, exclusive of that futnisht4 for the troops * bo,ad hospital ihips in harbour, the -gregate force I 1 158,617 men, the quantity of frseh moeat isued by 1?e Commissariat, 1,525,9491b. The issues in December fell greatly below the average-that is, to 6'1b. per man, in con. sequence of the cattle vessels, which had been damaged in the hurricane, being still under repair during that month. " That the healthy did not receive the ration which these figures would indicate wras unfortunately owing to tho large numbers of sick, who in some divisions received full rations of fresh meat dailv, in others five days a-week, thus curtailing the rations of the rest of the troops. "The French troops, during the greater part of the winter, received a ration of 10oz. of fresh meat one day in three, or 6Oib. per month, and sometimes less. " The French suffered no losses from the hurricane of the 14th of November, nor were the operations of their Commissariat ever impeded, as ours constantly were during the winter, by the occupation of a narrow and confined har. bour, which prevented vessels from coming in or going out when the wind blew with any violence, or from discharging their cargoes. "I at no time ceased to make every exertion to increase the supply of fresh meat and before the month of August last, vhenI was obliged to resign the charge of the Commissariat on account of ill-health, I had brought the issues up to five times a-week, which is as much, considering its inferior quality, as the military authorities think deiVEGETABLE FOOD. "I have nowhere stated, as here alleged by the Commissioners, that the prevalence of bowel complaints was a motive for my recommending the continued issue of rice. That would be for the consideration of the medical officers. I recommended its continuance, as is stated in my evidence, because there was a sufficient quantity ini store, and I had transort for its conveyance. "I Lrd Raglan could not attribute the discontinuance of rice to there being none in store; and his Lordship was perfectly well aware that furtler supplies could at any imehbe procured on abort notice from Constantinople. "If, however, any misapprehension on this oint did OcCUr, it was of the less importance; for, although I could not recommend, as I had done on a fonner occasion, that the issue of rice should be continued as a regularration, when I had not the transport to carry it up, I gave orders to the Commissaniat officers to issue it whenever they could find the means of conveying it to the camp, and the receipts from the regiments, now lving at theAudit-office, will show that a considerable proportion of the troops received it during a great part of the period when its issue as a ration had ceased. There was, therefore, no pretext for assuming that there was no rice in store, and if it had been thought p referable to make the substitution here suggested, it was for the military and medical officers to.propose it. " The Commissariat has no knowledge of the particular articles of diet which are best suited to the troops. This is within the peculiar- province -of the military and medical officers who are living among them, and inspect them daily; and it is upon the representations of theso officers that changeslin the rations, having reference to the health of the men, are ordered by the genpral comnlanding. "The period during which rice ceased to forn part of the ration was 42 days. The Highland Brigade, which was stationed in the neighbourhood of Balaklava, received rice during the whole of that period, exceptug 15 days. I am unable to explain, in the absenee of the Commissariat officer attached to the brigade, why it was discontinued during that time. "The Cavalry Division also, which was stationed not far from Balaklava, received rice, with some occasional irregalarities, throughout the whole of the period. "e arE-JiCE. "Lime-juice had never been supplied by the Commissariat for general issue to the troops, nor had I received any intimation that it was to be so for the future. The ouantity here mentioned was sent out from England by desire of the Director-General of the Medical Department, consigned to the Commissariat, but was considered (no special instructions having been received to the contrary) as, in all cases of stores forwarded by the MIedical Department at home, to be intended for the hospitals. The Medical Department in the Crimea was apprized of the arrival of this supply, and if no demand was made upon the Comnmissariat for it, it may be concluded that the purveyor at Balaklava was provided with a sufficient quantity for the use of the hospitals. 'It is clear from the report of Dr. Hall, the InspectorGeneral, dated the 2d of January, which was in the possession of the Commissioners, and is printed in the appendix, page 167, No. 6, that, atthe time referred to, the providing and issuing of this article were entirely regulated by the Medical Department-that Dr. Hall knew of the quantity in store, and tat wvhich was expected from England ; and that he did not think proper t recommend, wit-h only 10 days' supply in the custodly of the Commissariat, an issue to fhe army generally, until the arrival of further quantities. "It is to be regretted that, on a matter which the Commissioners considered of such vital importance, they did not, ascertain by questions put to Dr. Hall, or to me, the cause of the non-issue of lime-juice to the troops generahly.* It was not till the 29th of January that I received a letterfrom the Adjutant-General, accompanied by one from Dr. Hail, dated the 27th, informing me that the issue of lime-juice was to become generaL " When, shortly afterwards, itwas directed-that lime-juice should in future be a regular ration, and that the Commissariat was to provide it, steps were promptly taken to pro. cure a supplyfrom Malta and Sicily, thienearest pointsfrin which any large quantity could be obtained, ana fom *at time the issues to the troops haxve been regularlymaintaired under arrangements made by the Commissariat. Appendix to Commissioners' Report, page 76, No. 25, B. " FnEsH BREAD. - "The demandsfor the army hospitals being unlimited and uncertain, the Commissariat only provides supplies for that service on special requisitions. xThen arequisition for bread for the General Hospital at Balaklava was first presented to the Comnissariat, immediate arrangements were made for supplying it to the full extent of the demand. !lShortlyafterwardsIreceiveda communication from Lord Raglan, transmitting a representation from Dr. Hall oanthe subject, when I informed his Lordship that the necessary measures had already been taken for supplying the hospital with bread on ou the usual requisition the purveyor. " The French army moved to the Eas' with the portable ovens and the military bakers by means of which it had been supplied with bread in France or Algeria. The ' Intendant G&6=rl' had no new establishments to create, nor any change to make. It was only necessary to let things go on in their ordinary course; indeed, while the French troops are stationary and close to the seaboard, there is little or no difference between the manner in wlich they are supplied at home and abroad. When the French army became t-oo numerous to be supplied with bread by means of the portable ovens, or the ovens had been worn out, 50 artificers, were furnished by the 'Corps d'Arts et 31etiers' for building permanent ones, and at the same time 150 men from the lie were furnished, for constructing magazines and sheds at 1amiesch Bay. I could obtain no such assistance from the British army. " I was not indisposed to furnish the troops with fresh bread instead of biscuit. I had purchased three months' supply of flour for the army at the commencement of the winter for that purpose, but bread requires 50 per cent. more of transport for its conveyance than biscuit, and it would have been impossible in the then-state of the roads and of the transport to find the means of carrying it up to the camp during the winter. I had received a semiofficial letter from the War Department, dated in January, informing me that the floating mill and bakery for which I had applied would leave the Thames about the 13th of February, and, being fitted up in steamvessels, I had every reason to expect they would arrive about the middle of March. They were delayed, however, in England, and the vessel with the bakery did not reach the Crimea till the 12th of May. In the meantime, as soon as the roads had become passable, and the state of the transport had improved, the experiment was made, by order of Lord Raglan, of bringing bread sufficient for an issue twice a week to the whole of the army from Constantinople, which answered so long as the weather was cool. It was not, therefore, deemed unnecessary os-impossible, as alleged by the Commissioners, to do anthing till the floating bakery arrived. "When, on its arrival, I ascertained that its capabilities were insufficient, the construction of ovens was commenced, and I at the same time applied to England for an addi. tional number of bakers, so that when I resigned the charge of the Commissanat there were the means of baking bread for an issue to the troops on three days of the week. " There were several small ovens in the neighbourhood of Balaklava, which might have been used by the Commissariat, but as we could not convey bread to the front, it must have been issued, had we taken possession of the ovens, to the troops near Balaklava, to the exclusion of those in camp before Sebastopol. lord Raglan, when I pointed this out to him, disapproved any measure which would have that effect, for, by allowing the ovens to remain in possession of private traders, the regiments in front and officers individually, by sending down their hat horses and servants, bad the benefit of the supply. The bakers were encouraged by the commandant, lieutenant-Colonel Hardin, under whose control they were, to extend their businesslby every meanS in their power. "GREX Co1a'x. - " This quantity of tea was reserved for the use of the hospitals, and, considering the vast number of sick, it was not more than it was prudent to keep on hand for that 'u£e. However, as I have stated, all changes of det wbich have regard to the health of the troops are made by order of the Commander of the Forces, on the representations of military and medical officers. Lord Raglan never expressed to me a wish that the troops should have tea instead of coffee, not even after it had become usual to furnish him with returns of all supplies in possession of the Commissariat, and when lie must have known that there was a large quantity of tea in store at Balaklava, although I believe it was not the practice to furnish him with this information until after the troops had commenced to receive rations of roasted coffee regularly-that is, from the 24th of January. When I did receive an order from the War Department to supply tea on alternate days the issues commenced immediately, being made from the quantity which had been reserved fortne hospitals, and I ,as able to obtain from Constantinople sufficient to last till further supplies could be procured from E3ngland. "Military men differ very much among themselves as to what is boest suited to the troops. Coffee as fixed upon by a board composed of general officers and commanding officers of regiments of great experienc, and both military and medical officers were examined by the board, of which I was also a member. The evidence was so much in favour of the use of coffee that Sir George Brown, who was Presi. dent, and who objected to coffee, felt himself constrained to give up his opinion. "The object for which the board met was to ascertain which of the different articles the Coommissariat was then supplying to the troops, to bepaidforby them at cost price, should constitute a fixed ration. In deciding upon coffee the board well knew that it was sold to the troops in a green state. Subsequently a small quantity of roasted coffee was sent out from E:ngland as an experiment, upon which I was de. sired to report; but, although ordered in July, it did not reach the army til towards the end of September, when we vere on the march fromn Kalanjit Bay to Sebastopol, and as soon as I learnt that it was approved, I recommended that coffee should be sent outroasted, but none arrived til about the 24th of January, from which date greencoffee ceased to be issued to the troopS. In the meantime a few large coffee-roasters were made by the engineer of the Sanspareil, by order of Captain Heath, Royal Navy, and Ibelieve at his suggestion, out of the damaged funnels of steam. vessels in possession of the navy, by means of which a considerable quantity of coffee was roasted, under the superintendence of the Commissariat, for the use of the troops. "The precaution used in carrying tea- overland from China tollussia as an article of merchandise proves its great liability to damage, and at the same time furnishes the strongest contrast to the usape which tea as an article of Government stores would receive with an army in the field, and the exposure it would then inevitably undergo. The difference is as great as that between peaceand war. cc Fux "No such opinion is expressed in my evidence, or in that of. any other Commissarsat officer. The Commissioners would, therefore, appear to have taken the opinions of the Commissariat from the evidence of other parties. I may have stated that fuel had never before been issued to an army in the field as a reason why I was not prepared with transport for its conveyance; but I have never maintained that the troops were not to be supplied with fuel by the Commissariat, if they were so circumstanced that theycould not provide themselves with it. On the contrary, there is a paper from me, printed in the Appendix, p. 79, No. 35, in which I point out the difference in this respect between the troops in the Peninsula, which were on one occasion encamped in tho winter, but could provide themselves with fuel, and those in the Crimea; and it was only mentioned there to show that, issues never having been made in the field, the Commissariat had no guide by which to regulate the allowance to officers. The only scale that had been authorized for the army in the lEast was applicable to troops in barracks and quarters, and if adoptedf cn the field the highest raniks might have been supplied to the prejudice of the rest of the army; for the fuel which had been ordered up from Constantinople having been forwarded in sailing vessels, the period, of its arrival was uncertain. It had long before been settled-that is, early in Novemberthat the Commissariat was to supply the troops with fuel when they could no longer provide themselves with it, and we were quite prepared to commence the issues whenever ordered, 800,0W0 rations of char. coal, which had been brought up in steamers by the navy, at the request of Lord Raglan, and given over to the Commis sariat early in November, remained untouched up to the 4th of December, when the order was given to commence the issues. When that order appeared, notice was immnediately sent by me to the Commissariat officers attached to the divisions in front that the troops could receive rations of charcoalfrom the depOt at Balalcava. The only delay was wdthrespect to the issues to theofficers of- the Staff and Departments, for whom no scale had been fixed; but I, at the same time, gave orders that officers in camp before Sebastopol might receive what was necessary for their immediate 7ase, pending the decision, on this point, of the Commander of the FRorces, as stated in the memorandum addressed by me to Lord Raglan, which is printed at page 80 of the appendix to the Commissioners' report. Between the 4th of December, when the issues commenced, and the end of that month, part of the fuel I had ordered to be sent up from Constantinople having arrived, there was in the possession of the Commissariat, on tae last day of that month, nearly a million of rations for an armvconsisting at that time of about 26,000men.* But had the Commissariat not been prepared then to commence the issue. it would have been owing to my not having received the order to provide fuel soonerthat is, to brina it up from Constantinople, where Lord Raglan knew r? had laid in a store. The day foHlowing that on which I received the first intimation of the description of fuel that was to be provided (in respect to which there had been some previous discussion as towhat was most suitable for troops in tents), and wfhich w;as only five days after it had become certain that the army would winter in the Crimea, and I had received directions to purchase materials for hutting the troops, I despatched the crder to Constntinople to send up the charcoal that had been laid in there i consequence of orders from Lord aThe troops stationed in the neighbourhood of Balaklava were not excluded by the modified general orderfrom the issue of fuel at my suggestion, but because they could still provide themselves with it, which is the rule with armies in the field. " The fuel was, in the first instance, obtained from Constantinople, because a supply bad been laid in there, and was ready for shipment. ft could not have been obtained with equal despatch from any part of the Black Sea where it had not been previously prepared. All subsequent supplies were obtained from the neighbourhood of Sinope. " There vwas never, at any time, a want of fuel at Bala. klava. The only difficulty was to find the means of conveying it to the front. Irregularities, no doubt, may have occurred in the issue of it at Balaklava, owing to the total want of the accomodation and of space necessary for transacting the business of a large army. This inevitably led to extreme confusion. But it should be observed that the want of fuel was as much owing to the soldiers of the British armny being overworked as to the deficiency of transport, for neither the French nor Turkish troops were ever suppled with fuel by their Commissariat. they cut it themselves throughout the whole winter, and for the most part in the immediate vicinity of the English encampments. A uamhANcz oF CATrri. "I was at all times fully alive to the importance of providing fresh meat for the use of the troops, and employed to the utmost all the suitable vessels I could obtain (see paper annexed hereto marked D), but I consider sailingvessels to be unsuitable for the service in winter, particalarly intho Black Sea. Of al the cattle which were forwarded in sailing transports from Varna at the end of October and beginning of Nomember, more than onethird were lost. Even on beard steamers, which were not fitted np a cattle vessels, the casualties were very great. - - "To continue the use, therefore, of saiuing vessels, would have been to deAtroy the supplies of the army, and must have led to a deficiency, for in winter it would have been impracticable to obtain large supplies of cattle from the interior of Tunrsey to replace such losses. "tA contractor, who had engaged to deliver cattle in the winter, failed to perform his agreement. The offer of a small number of cattle, 300 head, little more than one day's supply,herealludedto, deLverableat Samsoon, wasrejected, among other reasons, because Samsoon is an open roadstead, where in winter vessels may He many days without being. able to take in cargo. Constantinople, where I had plenty of cattle, is, at that season, nearer to the Crimea in point of time than Samsoon. " I know of no large army than has at any former time been dependent upon supplies brought by sea in sailing ves. sels. " When the army in the Peninsula was cooped up within the lines of Torres Vedras, its communication with the fertile country south of the Tagus was open to it. The greater part also of the cattle of tho country lying between the Mondego and the Tagus had been driven by the inhabitants into the lines before the retreating army; and there may have been the means, in the cases alluded to by the Commissioners, of replacing the losses'caused by such a mode of conveyance, but in Turkeythis, as before observed, would have been impracticable in winter. " Slaughteied meat was sent by he cattle vessels during the winter in addition to their cargoes of live cattle, notwithstanding that the plan, in a clmate where the variations of temperature are so extreme, was attended with much loss. It was possible for the Commissioners to have inquired into the manner in which this important service had been conducted by the Commissariat, and they would have discovered that their suggestion had been anticipated by our practice. " The Commissioners cannot, it is presumed, mean that slaughtered meat should have been forwarded in sailing transports, as vessels of that class were often in winter nearly a month in performing the voyage from the mainland. "'IMPORTANCZ OF FRMH MEAT. "In the circumstances in which the army was placed the question of expense was never taken into consideration. What was deemed best for the troops waspurhased without regard to cost. This is stated in the written answers sent into the Commissioners by the Quartermster-General, who consulted me on this point. "I am not aware of any such preferencehaving been shown in any former campaign, except as a result of necessity, so far at least as concernus the 7ritish Commissariat. In thetwo instances specified, the charge of supplying the troops vwas in the hands of the East India Company's oSEcers, and I know neither the fact stated nor the reasons for it which may have existed Biscuit was certainly the habitual ration of the army under the Duke of Wellington's command in the Peninsula, but -only when the means of obtainingfresh bread were wanting; and salt meat was never issued to that pait of the army which was in motion, and sparingly, if at all, to the troops stationed near the copst. The sea-ration may have been a common resource at the commencement of our maritime expeditions, but even in those cases only during the period which intervened between the landing of the troops and the resources of the country becoming accessible. I do not believe that a case similar in all its eircumstanes to that of the Army in the Crimea can be cited. "As there was a large numnber of cattle collected in de. pots at the commencement of the winter, and the animals were shipped to the fulest extent to which suitable vessels could be obtained, no consideration of this kind could have in'duenced the operations of the Commissariat. "The supposed extra labour wrould, of course, require extra hands to perform it, and would therefore add httle to the trouble of those otherwise employed, wvho, being always rather under than over their work, could not, without such extra assistance, perform that and the supposed additional work also. In most cases, however, the unworthy motive assumed by the Commissioners would not exist, even according to their hypothesis; for while salt meat requires transport and a greater detail of distsibutibn, cattle carry themselves and the trouble of slaughtering.the animals and distributing the carcasses is commonly under. taken by the troops. -- "The papers wrhich I have a p ended to these remarks will show that I was fully sensible of the importance of supplying thetrooyswith fresh bread, and that I had no desire to save the C'omnsissariat the additional labour and accountability here alluded to. The employment, also, of the floating steiinmill and bakery, for wbich the Commissioners knew I bad applied,necessarily involved, all these details. But the real obstacle to the regular issue of fresh bread is the entire absence in our serv-ce of anything in the nature of a field bakery establishment. In all instances within my knowledge the local means of supplying the troops with fresh bread have been used to the fullest extent; but a moving army can never be regularly thus supplied except by a properly organized establimhuent forthe purpose attached to the army, like that in the French service, and no such esablishment has, I believe, ever been formed in our ser-vice. c" The suggettion here made is only a recommendation of that which has been the long-established practice of the service, the composition of- the ration, when differing from that- in ordinary use, being 41ways regulated by, eoneral Order. With regard to preserved meat and vegetables, the supply of the latter as part of the ration has never before been custornary, nor, I believe, needfuL As to the former, I received advice that suppliec bad been ordered to be shipped from England, but they never arrived. " SUIPPLIs OF VEGETABLES COULD 135 OBTAnE. "As I have before obsorved, it formed no part of the duty of the Commissariat to provide vegetables, which had always been supplied under regimental arrangements, the troops paying for them. "On the 24th of October, on account of the appearance of scurvy among the troops, I received for the first time an order from Lord Raglan to send a vessel with Comnimssariat officer to purchase vegetables, and on the same day the Harbinger was despatched for that purpose to Constantinople, as being the pD cevwhere a supply could bo obtained with the greatest certainty aud despatch. "' It can scarcely bavo been owing to the long continuanc9 of the use of salt meat that this disease brok-e out, for at that period the troops had been less than four weeks before Sebastopol, and had received a large proportion of fresh meat; they had been able also, durinz the earlier pat the period, to procure vegetables in t he eiearle Asart oha abls n he(-nns s tho notha time our communications were frequent with the north coast ofthe Black Sea, Lord Ralan, withoutmyknowledge desired the Commandant at Varna t forward supplies of vegetables to the army, and every vessel coming thence brought a proportion; but the quantity that can be obtained from any part of Turkey, on the shores of the Black Sea, is inconsiderable, as compared with the wants of a large army, asl subsequentlyfound, when ithavingbe. come the duty of the Commissariat to provide vegetables for the troops, I attempted to procure supplies from Samsoun, for theyvwrer soon exhausted. " When also in themonth of April or May, 1855, I urged the Consul at Trebizonde, to forwrard ~suplies thence, lie wras unab, to undertake to do so till tho month of November. "The vegetables received by the Harbingerhaving been shipped (owing to the anxiety of the Commissariat officer to meet the urgency of the occasion) in wet and boisterous weather a large proportion of them arrived bruised and damaged. This was in November; in December, vegetables which had been ordered by Government to bo forwarded from Trieste and Venice, arrived, but a portion of these also was in a damaged state. But for these losses there would probably have been no deficiency in this respect, as in addition, large quantities of onions and potatoes had been brought to Balaklava for sale in good condition by private individuals. During November and December, also, preserved potatoes had been offered to the troops by the Commissanat, but were refused by them. " U p to the 10th of December the troops paid for their vegetables, whether sent out by Government or procured from other sources, but 'when from that date they were ordered to bo issued gratuitously it became obvious that the supply must bo wholly undertaken by Government ; I accordiDgly took means for procuring them, and from the time that my arrangements came fully into operation, aided by the consigmentswhich had beenorderedby Government and were ahleady on the way froma Trieste and Venice, large quantities have always been issued to the troops. It being, however, difficult at certain seasons to procure sufficient supplies of fresh vegetables, I sent a telegraphic message to England for preserved ones, in order to insure a regular and uniform issue of vegetables (preserved or fresh) to the troops; but'it wasnot, I beEeve, practicable at that time to obtain in England or rFrance sufficient quantities for the purpose. " Noreferenceis given inthe Reporttothis investigation, but the following copy of a memorandum from the Comr missarinat officer in charge of the depot at Balaklava, who must have been best acquainted with what had taken place in the matter, will show that no such information could have been obtained from him, and that the presered potatoes which arrived from Varna in November having been offered to the troops,bothinthat month and December, they were rejected as they had been on former occasions:- " (Copy.) "Preserved I toes, 32,4681b. were landed from Varna in November, 1854. Though frequently offered, none were taken either in November or December. A further supply was received from England in January, 1855, and in that month the troops first began to take them. The issueswere as follows:-January, 53,4741b.; February, 3,7801b.; during the latter month 558,9251b. of fresh vegetables being issued. "' May 22, 1855. " ' W. H. DiAxE, D.C.G.' "Conveyance could not during the winter have been provided for bulky casks of porter, even to the camps of the cavalry and the Highland Brigade, without appropriating for the purpose transport which was required for more urgent wants. When at a later period I learnt that the use of the porter had been recommended by the medical officer of the Highland Brigade, I ordered a supply tobe forwarded from Constantinople, and it was issued to such of the troops near Balakiava as preferred it. Notwithstanding, however, that whenit arrived the railroad had been laid down as far as the Col de Balaklava, it was found impossible to obtain conveyance for more than a small proportion of it to the front. The troops that came down to Balaklava on fatigue duty niust have received from the Commicsariat in camp their ration of biscuit and rum, and no doubt brought with them such proportion of it as they pleased. I never, however, received any intimation that it was desirable that porter should be issued to them at Balakiava. "SISuppiES OF-FooD row ABuNDEAI,T. "Although the Commissioners were required by their instructions only to offer suggestions to Lord Raglan, one of them, Colonel Tulloch, was so good as to undertake to build two ovens, which when delivered over to the Commisariat were found capable of baldng about 2,000 rations of bread daily towardsthe. consumption of an army drawing, exclusive of Turks and Sardinians, 42,000. With this exception the favourable state of the supplies here described was broug'ht about by the ordinary operations of the Commissariat when they ceased, to be impeded by impassable roads and continuous storms. The supplies issued to the troops were, indeed; in all respects, the same when the Commiissioners arrived in the Crimea, or within four or five days of. my having had any communication with them, and consequently before it was practicable to have made any new arrangements, as when they departed, ex;cepting that in the interval the arrival from E ngland of the steam floating bakery for which T had anp'fied, with the assistance of the twro ovens abovementioned, builtby Colonel Tulloch, enabled the Commissariat to issue a greater proportion of fresh bread to the troops. Sal$ and pepper had also been added in the interval to the ration: but that was done on the recommendation of a board of which I was myself a member. I here allude to the issues to the army generally. I have no knowledgeoof what may have taken place with respect to the hospitals. 'It is necessary to commence such arrangements early in the year for the following winter. In tho month of Febraary, that is, before the arrival of the Commissioners, Iordered the Comiissariat officer at Constantinople to apply for firnians from the Ottoman Government to secure all the hay of the approaching harvest in the districts in which cattle depvts v-ere to be established; and when I left, the army fodder had been collected, and sheds constructed at the different shipping places in the Black Sea, by my directions, for feeding and sheltering many thousand head of cattle, and it is'from the depOts there formed that the troops in the -Crimea are now being supplied with fresh meat. The suggestion of the Commissioners had, therefore, been anticipated by me. "LAND TnXLiSrouv. " The transport was in this state for a few days only, but in addition to this number of efficient working animals i-n possession of the Commissariat, the public bat animals attachedw to regiments, and those appropriated for the conveyance of ammunition-beoth of wthich nowv form part of tho general transport corps of the armv-were available and employed in carrying up rations, and, though these establishments were incomplete, the number of animals amounted to several hundreds. The number of 14,000 pack animals, or waggons and pack animals equal to that number, was considered necessary by me for all the different se-vices of the army, for the regimental establishments of bat animals, conveyance of ammunition and Cominissariat transport, and the estimate had reference to the movement of the troops through Bulgaria to the Danube, a much more extensive scene of operations than the Crimea. ".That the efficient transport was for a few days reduced to this10vo state was owing to the great number of animals which were daily destroyed, or rendered unserviceable, in attempting to struggle, when laden with supplies, through a morass. The transport of the French army did not suffer from this cause. The road from their camp to Kamiesch lay over downs the whole of the way, till it abruptly terminated close to the bay. When one track became impassable, another was used. Nor had its transport to carry up any fuel or huts, with the exception of what might be required for their divisional hospitals in camp. It therefore remained available for the conveyance of the ordinary field rations of the troops. " At thecommencement, the transport, exclusive of what had been appropriated to siege operations, was suffident for all Commissariatpurposes. Itwasnot tillaboutthe 18th or 20th of October, when, it having become obvious that the effect of our fire on the fortress was not such as had been expected, that I first contemplated forming a depot in front. Up to that time the transport sufficed to carry, not only the daily rations of provisions and forage, but also extra rations of the former; and supplies in advance had been accumulated besides, and were in possession of the divisional c eommissariats in camp. Afterwards, the number of animals jthat could be fed necessarily became the rule. "In answrerto the alleged omission of timely arrangements for the provision of forage I have to state that, so early as when there was full expectation of the army advancing to the Danube, I made a contract for about 3,50D tons of hay, to bo delivered loose at different places in the neighbourhood of Constantinople; and I also desired the Conimissariat officer there to form a depot of chopped straw, in case the army should return and occupy cantonments in Turkey during the winter. I took those steps as a precaution, notwithstanding that supplies of chopped straw (the usual forage of the country) can be obtaineZ to almost any amount along the shores of the Bosphorus, the Dardanelles, and the Bea of MarLmora; and these arrangements would have been equal to the object in view had the armv been cantoned in those districts. Subsequently, when it became known that we were to proceed to the Crimea, the- contractors, at my request, were wiling to engage to deliveraboutSOOtonsof thehaypressedinstead of loose; but learning,intheearlypartof September,whenthearmy wason the way to the Crunea, that I could not rely on the fulfilment of this contract, I wrot' to England, requesting that 2,000 tons of hay might be sent thence. Of this demand only about one-tentli was forwarded, and that portion reached Balaklava on the 30th of November; and although, on arriving before Sebastopol, I reorted that we should be entirely dependent for t0isarticle On England, and from time to time made requisitions for further quaptities, the consigtnments fell greatly short cf my wants, the vhole of the quantities forwarded from England during'ape-riod of i-X months not amounting to the 2,000 tons for which I frst made a requisition forabout two months supply aecording to the estimates I had-transmitted home. HBad my requisitions for hay been complied w,ith, the deficiency in thi respect which was felt throughout the winter would have been prevented, and I should have been eanabled to maintain a sufficient tranport establishment, and to replace the animals, which were rapidly destroyed or rendered unserviceable in attempting to trugl thouh ipasabe racs,and fo xoue "Noexrtononth prtofth Cmmssitg could * The Report of Dr. IHail appeers to be the monthly memorandum xubmitted by him to Lord Raglan through the Adjutant-General his Lordship must haYe, thereforc, known tbM there waa lime-juoe tin atmo.e * Exclusive of a lsa portion of tho charecol whiclu4bH4bl r - cciycd fom thc navy, aad wbich rewMmod uulsauoZ. aiross the Black Sea chopped straw or hay loose in sufficient quantities, or to procure the means of pressing enough of either for the oonsuraption of a large army; the latter p lan was adopted to the utmost extent to which means oould be procure Notwithstandinz that upwards of 25,000 -tonsof bay were colected by my directions duiring the last and summer at one port alone iu the Blackbea, besides = qtantities at other places, it is still found necessary to forward from England supplies of pressed hay, equal nearly to the whole of the consumption of that part of the army which is in the Crimea. " SUPPLY OF BAY. "The contractors herealludedto)wererecominendedbythe Embsy to Deputy Commissary-General Smith, on his first arrival at Constantinople, as competent persons; and they have held several important. contracts which, on the whole, they -have executed satisfactorily, with the exception of this one for hay. The quantity of 500 tons of pressed hay was to be in lieu of an eqI quntity of loose hay, part of the 3,500 tons already alluded to, which tho contractors had engaged to deliver in the neighbourhood of Constantinople; and the superintendence of this service, and the erection of the hydraulic presses, were necessarily left to the Commissariat officer of that place. In his absence, and in the absence of my officl papers, I am unable to explain the particulars of thc i ransactons as regards the delivery of the hay; but -with respect to the erection of the presses, M1r. Smith took the precaution of sending two Commissariat officers to select the most eligble place for puttiar them up; and it was upon tneir recomamendatson ttat the site was chosen, on account, I helive, of its affordinc some facilities for repairing and working tho engies. AVhen it was made known to me that the presses were separated from the hay I strongly censured the arrangement; biut to have altered it then would have caused still greater delay in despatching the forage to the army. These are mistakes in details, however, for which the Commissary-General in the Crimea cannot be answerable. " The number of horses sent for was 350 (see Appendix, page 61), which was as many as the vessel was supposed to be capable of carrying. The captain informed the Commissariat officer at Constantinople that he could only convey 250, but when he had shipped that number he found that his vessel could take 100 more. The Commissariat officer very properly, in the circumstances in which the army was placed, despatched the steamer without waiting tiUl more could be brought up from the depOt at Buyuk Tchekmedge. " The number of days quotedby the Commissioners as the average length of the vovage includes the time occupied in cleaning boilers and repairing machinery, which was usually done when steamers went to Constantinople, and sweUs the average. Steamvessels not requirjn' rep.ars, that have been despatched for cargoes of animals %TMch walk on board, have performed the voyage in eight days, and the Jason might have done it in the same time time instead of 20 days, had she not undergone repair It was during her prolonged stay that the army suftered most, and that some of the troops came down to Ballava. When she returned they ceased doing so. -Sailing transports might have been nearly two months on the voyage going and returning; it was, therefore, expedient to wait for a steamler. "The Jason must on this occasion have reached Constantinople on the 30th or 31st of December, and it is certain that seven or eight days after her arrival there she still had sick on board, when I had understood that she was to be entirely at my disposal for the conveyance of transport animals. This delay, therefore, was in addition to any that may have been caused by her having been sent to the Sea of lMariners for weed. 'LA,\D TsRSPoRT. "From the time that my requisitions for supplies of pressed hay from England were complied with, there has always been sufficient forage for the Land Transport Corps as well as for every other branch of the army, although the number of animals for which forage was drawvn, when I'left the Crimea, amounted to upwards of 2:3,000 "'The destitute inhabitants of Balaldava, Karanyi, and other vilages within our lines, who had remained in their houses on our arrival, but who were not permitted by the military authorities to go into Sebastopol or the interior of the country after siege operations had once commenced, were relieved throughout the winter from the store of captured grain here alluded to. Subsequently, and I believe during the time the Commissioners were at Balaldava, these people were regularly rationed by the French and British Commissariats alternately; the issues from the store may, therefore, have been less frequent at that period, but assistance from it was still occasionally given to them. "The Commissioners have here assumed that I obtained no supplies, except by means ef contracts and tenders, and that I had only followed the beaten traclk l am unable to say whence they have derived the opinion, but however de3ivedit is inconsistent with the fact. lobtained supplies by every variety of moude in which it was possible to procure them, that is, by means of agents having a knowledge of the resource of the country and of the language and habits of the people, by direct purchases made by Commissariat officers from the parties holdin- the supplies without either written tender or agreement, ly public competition and by special tender, and, when necessary, by requisition on Eng land. I should have supposed, indeed, that Sir John 3PNeUil must have known that I was employing agents for the purpose, as Mr. Guarracino, the Vice-Consul at Samsoon, a gentleman who has been long resident in Turkey and is well informed of its resources, was engaged by me to maLe purchases on commission, both at that place and in the interior of Anatolia; and when he came to Balaklava on the business of his agency, he usually called on Sir John M'Neill, with whom he had been previously acquainted. Mr. Guarracino had been employed by me in the same mannerthe preceding year (1854), and I also employed other Consuls, but the result was not always satisfactory. Large puwrchases ere occasionaly.made at Constantiopie on com. mission. When offers of supplies are made to Commissariat officers who are stationary, as at Constantinople and Balaklava, they are very properly put in writing in the shape of a tender, to establish the terms and prevent dispute, and whenever we are in a position to do so we also attach a penalty to the non-performance of the agreement. Even if the regulations restricted the mode of proceeding in the way described by the Commissioners, which is not the case, I should not have hesitated, with the sanction of the Conmmander of the Forces, to disregard them had their observance in any way interfered with the supply of the troops. "I have at all times borne testimony to the great zeal and ability displayed by the Comsuissariat officers who served under my orders with the- army in the East, and to their exertions during the winter in getting up supplies for their divisions from the depot at Balaklava, under circumnstances of unparalleled difficulty. As a body of officers, they are not, in point of integrity, gentlemanlv demeanour, and intelligence, inferior to those of anv department of Government. " I trust that I have now shown that the general conclusions of the report are far from being established by the arguments or the evidence adduced; and- "That although sore partial deficienciesinthe establshed allowances of food did unfortunately take place, they were caused by no want of effort on the part of the Commissariat to prevent them, and were not of sufficient amount, as is indeed admitted by the Commissioners, to have auy important effect on the health of the troops. " That the nature of the food supplied to the troops in no degree depends upon Commissariat regulation, and, although itmay in the present case have been a source of diseaso greatly to be lamented, it was not owing to any defect of practicable exertions or arrangement on my part that the injurious quality of the food was for some time incapable of being remedied; and also that during the period when the troops were without these articles, such as vegetables and lime-juice, which might have corrected the deleterious effects of the diet, the Commissariat had not been ordered to provide them; and that when afterwards it became the duty of the Commissariat to do so. the issues of both were regularly maintained as soon as the necessary arangements could be brought into operation. "That I have never maintained, as alleged by the Coim. missioners, that the troops when in the field were not to be supplied by the Commissarnat with fuel if they were so eircunstanced that they could not provide it themselves; and that there was neither neglect nor indisposition on my part to provide the supply, but that it was furnished as soon as I had the necessary orders to that effect to the fau extent to which the means of conveying it could be procured. "That the measures necessary to insure a sufficient supply of fodder for animals were taken by me, and only failed of success through causes which it was not in my power to prevent. " That, although the Land Transport was for some time inadequate to the wants of the army, and the insufficiency unfortunately becamae a source of suffering, the failure was attributable tocausesboyond my control, whichcouldneither have been foreseen nor guarded against by me. - "And finally, that, however unequal may have been my ability to cope with the unprecedented difficulties of my position, I did not neglect or overlook any means of overcoming them which were within my reach, and certainly did not allow any consideration of mere form or usage to interfere -with the fullest application of those means. "WILLLA- FILDER, Commissary-General. "London, Feb. 26."
PEACE D_uTION TO LORD PALTONq.-TI1 reply to a deputation from the Peace Congresses of London and Manchester, which waited on Lord Palmerston to urge the insertion in the coming treaty at Paris of a clause bind. ing the Powerstoadopt arbitration in allsabsequent disputes, Lord Palmerston said that the Government would givetotho memorial the attention due, not only to the spirit in which it was conceived, but to the parties from whom it emanated. But he could not, in fairness, say that it appeared to him the object at which it pointed was very likely to be attained. No doubt in the abstract nothing coulId be morereasonable than the course proposed, that, when nations differed, they should, like individuals, agree to refer their ts difference to some imprtial third persons. t ths system, that was perfectly practicable between individual members of the same community, was not equally applicable to nations, because it was nearly impossible to find arbitrators who might be considered to have no interest in the question at issue. Take the very case adduced, that of the present war. Who was the impartial judge between Tnukey and Russia? There had been several instances of late years in which this referenoe had been attempted, but he would not say that the results were encouraging. One of these was the case of our own dispute with the United. States of America, in which the King of the Nletherlands had made an av.ard, to which the Americans objected, because in their Judgment it was rather a recommen. dation than a decision. More frequently arbitration had been tiied in -cases where private individuals claimed compensation from foreign governments-no doubt with suocess, but stil the result was not very encouraging. There wa another difficulty. They must stipulate beforehand the court of appeal, or the discussion about the appointment 3night ilf become an element of dissension. Associations like those now represented, though he could not go with them to the full extent, must yet have great influence on the general opinion of mankind; and though their partictlar propositions mnight not alwavys be thabeat calculated to accomplish the end in viewr, he could not deny that they umaut greatly dispose men to prefer theO solid advantages of f peace to the more dazzling results of wax. After some re- I mlarks; from Mr. Cobden, Mx, niesT (Gihon5 aRd otfirs, thq tkputation retued, -
I .- SP.RNG ASgSE& OXFFORD 3CI13. STAFORD. MkW¶r 1.N. CIm C=OVT.-(Bfore mr. JWdKc OR=w ang i Epca -Jury.) S W hTE1 V. SWVIhFE, Sir F. Thesiger (specially retaied), Mr. Alexnder, Q.(' Mr. Whitmore, Q.C., and Mr. Gray appeared- for thj plaintiff; ana the Attorney-General (speciay retaineda, MIr. 'Whateley, Q.C., Mr. Keating, Q.C., and Mr. 'V. Mlli. ards appeared for the defendant. This was an action brought by the direction of the Mzsaer of the llolls to try whether -the late Samuel Swinfen, of Swinfen-hall, in this county, who died on the 26th of July,' 1854, was, on the 7th of July, 1854, *of sound mind and capable of making his will The pLaintiff, Patience Swinfem was the widow of Henry Swinfen, only son of the testator, who died a short time before his father,-viz., onthe 15th of June, 1854 She claimed the Swinfen-hall estate, as devisee under the will of her father-in-law, made on the 7th of July, 1854, onlyl9 days before his death, which took place at an advanced age. The defendant, Frederick HaY Swinfen, was the eldest son of the testator's half brother, aud he, claimed the estate as heir-at-law to ihe testator, his oWax father having died since the death of the testator. Sir F. THX$IGEZ, in stating the case to the jury, Eaiad this was an issue directed by the Master of the Rolls to try whether an instrunment executed by the late Mr. Samuel Swinfeir, of Swinfen-hall, in this county, on the 7th of July, 1854, -was, or was not, the last will and testament of that gentleman. The plaintiff was the widow of the only son of that gentlemen. and the defendant was his heir-at-lavr, being the eldest son of his half brother. The instrumeht in question devised to the plaintiff all the real estate of the testator at Swinfen, with the movables thereon, leaving personal property to the extent of ab out 20,0D01. undisposed of, and so divisible among his next of kln The defendant disputes the validity of the will, alleging that the testator was not at the time he executed it-viz., on the 7th of July, 1854-in a sound and disposing state of mind. The estate at Swinfen-hall consisted of from 950 to 1,000 acres of land, comprising three farms, and was situated two miles from 1ichfield. The testator's father was tAice married. By hi second marriage he had three sons and four daughters, all of whom, with the exception of John, the defendant's father, now survived. The testator was the son of the first marriage, and his father's second marriage appeared to have made a great difference in his (the testator's) prospects. The second family appeared to have engrossed the affections of the father, and the consequence was, thatthe testator did not regard his relations by the half-blood with any friendly feeling. The testator married. and his only children were the husband of the present plaintifl; and a daughter who died in infancy. It appeared that the testator was embarrased in his circumstances, and, receiving no assistance from his family, he went and lived abroad till the year 1828, when his father died. Hethen became the owner of the Swinfenhall property, but by his father's will everything else was left to the second family, so much so that there vas not a bit of furniture left. The testator was vithout themeans of furnishing the house, and accordingly commenced a system of most rigid economy, living in one or tvwo rooms in a corner of the house. His wife, who was the daughter of a baronet, attended to the affairs of the house, and one of the farms, which was retained, and conducted her husband's correspondence down to the time of her death in 1848. In the year 1830 the plaintiff's husband joined with the testator in cutting off the entail of the estate, which was then resettled. In the following year the son married the plaintiff, a person in a humble condition of life. The testator was dissatisfied with his son's marriage. and the consequence was, that for several years the son and his wife resided in Italy, and afterwards at various watering places in England, there being no accommodation for any one at Swinfen-hall. In the year 184 the testator's wite was seized with her last illness, and Dr. Rowley, of Lich. field, the medical attendant of the family, wrote to the plaintiP's husband to come to Swinfen-hal. The plaintiff and her husband accordingly went to Swinfen after Mrs. Swinfen's death, and were received by-tbe testator with the greatest kindness. Ee gave the plaintiff his miniature, and also a diamond brooch which had been given to his wife on her marriage. There being no muinshed room for them in thE house, they took apartments at the George Hotel, Liehfleld, and went over to Swinfen every morning, and returned to Lichfield in the evening. The testator mished the plaintiff to have a room fitted up, and this was done. They lived there ior nine months, and during that interval the testator increased his son's allow-, ance from 360., the amount underthe settlement, to 500!. a. year. The testator was 74 years of age, and in perfeet health, with the exception of rheumatic pains in his limbs and hydrocele, which increased till his death. Eis mind was perfectly sound, his person was handsome, and he had a countenance of rearkiabEle brilliancy. Mis bodily infirmities were great, but his faculties were only subject to the decay of advancing age, And within a limited circle he was perfectly sound and capable of attending to business. One 2izabeth Martin, the wife of a labouring man, was ap. pointed to attend upon him,. At the end of nine months the plaintiff and her husband thought they might leave, and they went into Wales. During their absence, as the testator could not go about as I.-fore, a good deal was left to servants, and particrdarly to Elizabeth artin and her family. A £ystem of waste and plunder grew up, which led Dr. Rowley, the medical attendant, to send for the plaintiff and her husband. They accord ngly both came in August, 1851, and remained at. Swinfen-h-the son til his death, on the 15th of June. 1854, and theplaintiff'till after thetestator's death, on the 7th of -July, 1854. The testator was rejoiced to seethem, and told his son that he would need four eyes, to see behind as well as before. The son at once took the control of the family afflirs, and he thought it his duty to disiniss Elizabeth. Martin and three members of her family from the service, and also oneor two other servants. These were some of the witnesses -whom the defendant was nowv about to produce to. impeach the will, and it could not be expected that they would be very favourable to the plaintiff. There were also two tenants, named Standley and Gibson, who had complained that their rents were too high. This induced the son to have the farmsavlued, and it being ascertained that the rents were too low the tenants had notice to leave, and the rents of the farms were raisedL In the month of March, 1852, the testator expressed his desire to make a will inx his son's favour, and sent for his solicitor, Mr. Simpson, the Town Clerk of lLichield. At that interview the son produced a will which he had made'in the year 1840, by which he had left all his real and rersonal property tohis wife, the Present plainti{ lIpon t at, Mr. iSnpson drew up a will which the testator executed. After-that time the testator's inirmities increased, and he was taken out, first in a low phaeton, and then in a Bath chair, but it would be shown that his mental faculties were quite sound; and he continued to take his meals downstairs 'with the family till the month of November, 1853. In that month, Mrs. Taylor, who had taken Mrs. Mtartin's place as his attendant,-was conducting him upstairs to bed, when his legs failed him, he being very corpulent, and he was lowered down to the stairs. Me was not at all hurt, but only alarmed, and in consequence it was thought desirable that he should not again leave his room. The plaintiff, however, took him uQ his dinner, and as he was unable to help himself she assisted him at his meals. This circumstance Was to be relied upon, although it was a well known fact that one of the most eminent of our judges in the Ecclesiastical Court, in the full possession of his mental faculties, had been the subject of the same infirmity. He generally. sat in his chamber on a chair by the window, and went to bed early. On the 15th of June, 1854, the sudden death of his son took place, a little more than a month before the testator's own death, which was on the 26th of July. Had the son survived his father only one day, the plantiff would have been the undcoubted owner of Swinfen-hall and all his property. For several days after the son's death the testator Ws stunned and overwhelmed with ;rief; but as hezrecovered from the shock he clung wnth more affectior to his son's widow, and derived daily comfort from her continual presence near him. He did not see her for four or five days after her husband's death, and then he embraced her with the greatest tenderness, seying, "Don't cry, don't cry, my dear;Iwi takce care of you" On the 20th of June, Charles Swinfen, with his wife and daughter, came to Sinfen-hall, to attend the son's funeral They remained from the 20th of June to the 20th of July which was 13 days after the testator's will ws made. Charles Swinfen was one of the attesting witnesses of the wi:l, and he would prove the soundness of ihe testator's mind. It-would be proved that before he executed the will he told Mrs. Charles Swinfen and Dr. Rowley that he meant to give hisproperty to the plaintiff, and, -when l1r. Rowley suggested that he should give it toher for3life, the testator said, "No, I shall give it to her." It would appear as if that had become a fixed intention in his mind as soon as he recovered from the shock of his son's death. The plaintiff sent for Mr. Simpson, the solicitor, and was informed by him that her interest in the property under her husband's will had lapsed by his death. Mfr. Simpson then suggested that, as the testator was incapable of making a will, an application should be made to tSe Lord Chanceior in lunacy, and, as two certificates wouild be necessary, Dr. Rowley and Dr. Evans, of Birmingham, were requested to attend. Those two gentlemen, accordingly, on the 2d of July, went over and saw the testator. Dr. Evans was thera for 10 minutes, and put some questions rather abraptly to the testator, with which he did not seem to be pleased. Dr. Evans and Dr. Rowley saw him again oi the 4th of July, and it would appear that the testator was not pleased with the mode in -which Dr. Evans put his questions. On that day Dr. Evans expressed it as his opinion that instructions for maling his will should be postpooned; but on the afternoon of that same day the testator said to Mrs. Charles Swinfen that he was very unhappy, that he wanted to settle his affairs, and wished to see Mr. Simpson. Mr. Simpson was consequently written to, and came over on tho 5th of July. On that day 1M-. Simpsonx found the testator dressed and sitting in his chair, and said he had come to take instructions for his wilL Dr. Rowley was present. The testator said he wanted to leave 201. to Mrs. Taylor. Dr. Rowley told Mr. Simpson to ask whether the tostator did not mean to leave him (Dr. Rowley) something, such as a ring? To which the testator answered, "No " and, as the testator appeared iritated, lMr. Simipso left, and said he would call again the next day. (n the 6th of July, Mr. Simpson called again with tho wiLl which ho had made for the testator's son. The testator said lIe meant to leave Yrs. Taylor 201. Fc then rang the bell for Xrs. Taylor, and said to her, " Little woman, 201. is about the nark." He then said, "I wish Mrs. Swinfen (the plaintiff) to stand in my place." Mr. Simpson asked what hemrneant? B3e said " I wish her to have Swinfenhil." Mr. Simpson said, "ow?'" And he answered, "A a her proper<y'" Mr. Simpson asked, - What do you. mean to do w.th your personal property?" The testator made no reply, and seemed to hesitate, tipon which Mr. Simpson said, "If you make no ba. quest it will go to your next of kin." The testator nswered, ' TIt'willdo" a"d added, "the moyablo effeots
HOME CIRCM. MATDSTONR MWAVf. 1.! The business of the Kent assizes was brought to a conchusion on Friday evening. Both the learned Judges were engaged in trying prisoners on Thursday and Friday. (Before Mi- Justice COLEIPGE.(z) Hans Bock, aged 29, described as a bootna'ker,- pleaded " Gnilty" to a charge of endeavourig to incite Michael Dlecarme, a soldier in the British-German -Legion,. to desr. BoD 'w, -who appearedfor the prosecution, saic that, in addition to the charge to which the prisoner had pleaded guilty, he believed that there were other cases in which he had endeavoured to induce soldiers to desert their duty. Mr. Justi,ce CO.RIDRhGE sentenced the prisoner to six months' imprisonment in the common gaol, the -law not permitting the infLction of hardlabourfor such an offence. Susannah Lilly, 19, and Enma Burns, 21, whohad pleaded Guilty" to a charge of feloniously setting fire to a clover stack at Dartford, were brought up for judgment. The prisoners, who are both good-looking girls, and who were very well dressed; it appeared, had given themselves up toa constableandadnittedthattheyhadsetfietothestack, at the same time stating that they had been driven to commit the offence by destitution. The learned JUDIGE, in passing sentence, said that he could not perceive any appearances of distress or destitution about the prisoners, and, at aUl events, it was quite clear that they must have expended a good deal of money upon the adornment of their persons. He rather believed that they expected they should be better off in another country, and that they had committed this mischievous and wicked act in the hope that they would be transported. 'In this, however, they would be disappointed, for he should pass uon them a sentence of a totally different character. He then ordered the prisoners to he kept to hard labour for 12 rmonths. They appeared very much surprised when the sentence was pronounced, and began to cry bitterly. Richard Rose, 40, shipwright, was indicted for stealing a quantity of copper and pieces of copper bolts, the property of Wrilliam Pitcher. Mr. Petersdorff and Mr. Rose conducted the prosecution on behalf of the Admiralty; the prisoner was defended by Mr. Ribton. The prisoner, it appeared, was employed in a shipbuildingyard at Nortlifleet, where some vessels of war are in course of construction for the Government. It seemed -that at the time in question he was engaged in securing the outside planking to the ribs of a vessel, and that-long copper bolts are used for this purpose, which are drivea right through from the outside and secured on the inside by nuts, instead, however, of driving the bolts through, it appeared that the prisoner was in the habit of breaking off a considerable portion of the screw end of the bolt, andthen driving them up to the head, so that externally the bolt would present the proper appearance, of course, not being at all secured on the inside, in the event of a vessel going to sea in such a condition, the most serious consequences might have resulted. The charge was clearly brought home to the prisoner. Mr. B!TON- said that after the evidence that had been adduced in support of the prosecution he felt that it would be useless to address the jitry, and he must, therefore, leave the prisoner in the hands of the Court. The jury at once returned a verdict of auizty. The learned JrDGE, in passing sentence, commented upon the disgraceful and aggravated nature of the offence committed bythe prisoner, and he sentenced him to be kept in I enal servitude forfour years.
AfTnT.ANWn flTT" XOTT1NgflAiw Af3ir.r! 1.q Lord Campbell and the Chief Baron arrived from Lincoln this morning, and after opening the commissions and going to church the latter proceeded to try the town prisoners. The calendar contained the names of 13 persons, but, with the exception of one case of child murder and one of concealment of bFuth, the charges were not of a serious kind. MARCH 14. The case of chlild murder was this morning postponed to the next assizes, on account of the illness of a material witness. The cause list contiins an entry of eight causes, three of which are marked as special jury causes. The county calendar contains the names of nine prisoners only, but it includes one charge of murder, one of attempting to shoot, one of maliciously shooting, and one of robbery with violence. Crvm SiDE,-(Beforc the CHEE BARox and a Comnwn Jury.) ! LRRIS ASID OTHERS V. WAYIcLY,?. This was an action of trover to recover the value of four lace machines. 3Mr. Mellor, Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Hayes, and MEr. Fleldwere counsel for the plaintiffs, M1r. Boden and Mr. Bittleston for the defendant. The plaintiffs are the assirnees of Thomnas Corah, a bankrupt, who, up to the time of his bankruptcy, carried on the business of a lace man ufacturer in Tottingham;* and the defendant is a silk throwster at Blackpool, near Manchester, -who was in the habit of supplying the bankrupt with silk. In the spring of last year the bankrupt had got ito the defendant's debt to the amount of 4601., and, the latter having pressed for payment, the bankrupt, in order to induce himi to give time anto o continue his dealis with him, executed in his favour, on the 26th of April, a bill of sale, whereby he transferred toh e e defendant four of his lace 3machines. The deedprovided for payment of the old debt and of the current balance upon future dealings by instalments of 5OZ. monthly, andthatuntildefault the bankrupt should have the possession and use of the machines, but that upon default in payment of any oneinstalment the wholesuma hould become due, and that the defendant might then seize and sell themachines. Thebankrupthadpreviously assignedto another creditor four other machines, whichwereallthathe had to work with except one which he rented. It appeared, however, that he had other property, consisting of a few book debts, household furniture, and stock in trade, which the aS ignees had realized under the bankruptcy, and the value of which was about 4001. It appeared, however, that at the time of executing the deed in question he was in very embarrassed circumstances, and it was now contended on the part of the assi*ees that by executing it he committed an act of bankruptcy, and that they were entitled to recover the value of the machines 'which the defendant had taken possession of under the deed. After the examination of the bill of sale the defendant supplied the bankrupt with silk to the value of more than 501., but, the instalments not being paid as they becamne due, payment of tho whole balance, amounting to 5271., was demanded on the 26th of July, and on the 2d of Aug,ust the bankrupt fded a declaration of insolvency, and was shortly afterwards adjudged a bankrupt. The questicn was under these circlumstances whether the deed of the 26th of A pril was valid. After the evidence had'oeen taken, The CHmT BAmOx intimated an inclination of opinion in the defendant's favour; but after some discussion suggestedthatthe proper corsewouldbe to turn tbe facts into aspecialecasetfor the court above, and upon that sug,gestion a verdict w;as taken for the plaintiff, subject to the decision of the Court upon a case. COOLEY V. THOBESTON. This was an action of trover and detinue for a machine, to which the defendant pleaded,among other things, that the plaintiff andthe defendant and one Frederick Thornton were joint owners of the machine. Mrr. Mtellor, Q.C., and MIr. Merewether appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Ses,eant Hayes and Mr. Bittleston for the defendant. The machine in question was construeted for the manufacture of elastic orlmitted plush, orpiled fabries for hats and other purposes, and had been the occasion of a warpi dispute before the Attorney-General upon an application for letters patent. It appeared that the plintiff, who is a hatter at Nottingham, had made application to the defendant and his brothers, who are skidful mechanicians, and have obtained patents for several ueful inventions in regard to the mnanufacture of looped and piled fabrics, to construct a machin,e which would manufacture plush, both -tubular and elastic, for drawing over the body and brim of a hat; and, after some experiments, they undertook to doit. The question in this action was upon what terms they had agreed to do it. Their account of the mntter was, iitatthe plaintiff was to pay all expenses of maLing the 3machine, including their charge for libour and superintendence; and that when the machine was made the plainiff, the defendant, and one of his brothers were to be jointly interested in the machime and inventiont On the other hand, the plaintiff's case was that the merit of the invention cons:w,ed only in the adaptation of another patent eImachine, and that the Thlorutona w ere simply euiploged to make the machine- for him as his workmen, though, if it proved successful, they vere to join in the patent. During the progress of it, however, some dispute arose between them respecting the joint application for letters patent, and they having failed to come to terms upon that subject the defendant and his brother made application alone. In the result cross-applications were made, and both parties had succeeded in obtaining patents. Meanwhile. the plaintiff made an attempt to take possession of the machine, but that attempt was resisted, and' then this action was. brought. After both plaintiff and defendant had been examined, The learned JUDGE suggested that some arrangement ought to be made, and with acme difficulty the parties were brought toan agreement to leave it to a barrister to say what ought to be done by either side as to the possession of the machine and the work;ing of the paLtents. A verdict was consequently taken for the plaintiff, subject to this arrangement. CROWN COURT.-(Before Lord CAasxrrL.) 'John Becher Pigott, a Doctor of Mtedicine, was indicted for attempting to discharge a loaded pistol at one -Sanuel Coulton, with intent to murder him, at Ruddington, on the 21st of Februar'. Mr. MErZOR, Q.C. (who witl Mr. W. H. Adams appeared for the prosecution) declined to offer any evidence, stating that the depositions convinced him that Dr. P>igott, in presenting the loaded pistol, intended merely. to frighten the people, who were attempting to' make a seizure u nder a bill of sale. ' Mr. Serjeant Hayes and Arr. O'Brienappeared for the defendant, who was at once acquitted. The same course was then pursued with regard tothe prosecution of George Greasley, a sheriff's officer, who on the occasion in question had struck and' wounded Dr. PIi-ott, and was now indicted for'a felonious wouniding. - The learned JJDGE said that he entirely approved-the course adopted in both cases. MARCH 14 CROWN COUPT.-(BcfOrC lbor CAMP3L)} John Coggle, aged 39, tailor; William Chevins, aged 35, sawyer; and John Watts, aged 30, labourer, iere indicted for highway robbery at Upton. M&r. Barker prosecuted, and Mr. O'Brien 4efended the prisoners. The prosecutor in this Case, Mr, Arthur Taft Blac, is asurgeon, and asreturning homewvards from visiting patient on the night of the 4th of December, wvhen he ;Fas attacked by three men and knocked off his pony, which wvas let loose and driven away.- HEe was forced to -the ground, and while one of the men held him by the throat and amother lay across his legs, the third rifed his pockets, and took his purse containinga sovereign, his lar cet;case containing four lancets, and his handkerchief. While the men were thus engaged a nerson named Bourne cane near to the spot, and then the rotb'ers decamped. The prosecutor himself could not speak with certainty as to the identity of the prisoners, but he believed them to'be the men who had attacked him. Bourne, however, wvas able to swear positively as to Coggle and Watts, butBourne had since the occurrence in question been afficted with insanity, and was nowan inmate of the Lincolnahire L'ulatic iAsylum. Ee was, never. theless, produced as a witness, and gave a remarkably clear, calm, and graphic account of what he had seen on the night in question. His demeanour in the wi-tness-box would certaily not have, given any one the idea that he had been brought from an asylum to give evidence. All the thre prisoners had been seen together in the neighbourhood shortly before and shortly after the occurrence,- and had given false accounts of where they were on the night in question. The jury found them all GaiUty, and, it appearing that Coggle had once'before been convicted of highway robbery, and that the others were also men of very bad chaacter, His LORDSnsp sentenced Coggle to transportation for life, and the other prisoners to transportation for 15years. ARiCH 15. George Burton, lacemaker, was indicted for the wilful murder of his father, George Burton, the elder, at Beeston, in January last. Mx. Boden prosecuted; Mr. O'Brien appeared for the prisoner. The circumstances of this case, as they appeared from the opening statement of Mr. Boden, are of a strange, and, in this country at least, of an unusual character. The prisoner, who lived with his father, a paralytic old man, had frequently been heard to say that he and his father slould die together, and a few months before the fatal occurrence had made inquiiies as to the effects of burmnig coke, sayingthat he should like to die an easy death, and that he was deterniined not to survive his father. Subsequently to this he had bought, as he stated, at his fathers request, some coke, and on the day in question it appeared that the old man had been left alone inthe house. His wife had gone to Nottingham about 2 o'clock, and upon her return, about 9 in the evening, she found the old man lying dead upon the bed in the bedroom, and the prisoner on te' floor insensible, with a pan of burning coke close to his head. There was no chimney in the room, and the door had beeu losed. A surgeon was sent for, and he found, upon examinaion of thebody of the deceased, that thedeath vwascausedby the fumes of the cok;e. The prisoner, upon recovery from insensibility, stated that upon coming into the room he stumbled down, lost his senses, and knewr nothing maore about it. The mother of the prisoner having been examined as to these facts, and having stated fhat the prisoner-had always been kind and affectionate to his father, Lord CAiPnBELL interposed, and a verdict of NYot GuiUy was then given. Two special jury causes remained for trial this morning, in both of which the question was whether the plaintiff had supplied coals on the credit of the defendant or of another person; but the LoXD CHIZF BARxOx having nonsuited the plaintiff in the first, the record was withdrawn in the second, and the business of the assizes was brought to a termination by the middle of the day.
NORTHERN CIRCUIT. YORP. MAR}cH 14. '1B CROWN' CoURT.--(efore Mr. Jvslice WWLLFXS.) Joseph Parker (on bail) was indicted for having embezzleclthree sums of money, the property of James 1lkiunson. Mr. Overend, Q.C., and Mr. Johnson appeared for the prosecution ; Mr. Dearsly for the defence. The prosecutor, Mr. James Willduson, it appeared, is the Sheffield district agentfor the Low Moor Iron Company, and theprisoner was in his service as clerk, receiving as salarytree-fiths of the commission, aumounting occasionally to above 400. a-year. Early in November the latter gave verbal notice of his intention to quit the situation on the 25th of December, bat he left on the 15th of t,hat month. Mrr. Wiinson then mande an examination of the books, and found that the prisoner had received three sums of money-yin, 1111, odd from Messrs. Linley and Co., 1561. from Messrs. Firth and Son, and 701. from Miessrs. Burgin and Wells, all of Sheffield, for wvhich he had never accounted. The receipts given to the respective fima 'were in the prisoner's handwvriting. Oa the lYth of iDecember Mfr. Wilkinson received a letter from Parker, in vhich he admitted there were defalcations in his accounts but besought his employer to take a lenient Viewf of the matter, and offering to give up some cottage property and his personal security for the remainder. The letter appeared to have been written in considerable distress of mind, and his son-in-law afterwards went over from Liverpool to Sheffield, wishing to effect some arrangement with the prosecutor, and characterizing the irregu-olarities as mistakes, offering to make them up. It appeared that during the last year, owving to the Lowv Moor Company being occupied w.ith: GovYernment contracts for the wrar, the prisoner's conumissiorr head fallen fromi about 100Z. to 243!. a-quarter. The jury convicted the prisoner, who, upon being called on, said he should not have been in that unfortunate position but for the fact that he had sustained serious losses from railway speculations. He fully intended to repay the money.I The learned JUc, in pasCmg &entence, saidt hat thin' was not the first case in which speculation had ruined per- ! sons and plunged them into crime, for he could not but remember the part be had taken in the recent proceedings by which gentlemen, the wealthiest and most respected of the country, had been transPorted for using property intrusted to their care. Such warnings ought to prevent people from following such miserable practices. He must mark this case with a severe punishment, and the sentence of the Court was that he be imprisoned 18 calendar months with hard labour. Johx Briggs, 48, John Pickard, 34, James Marsden, 49, and William Cain, 23, were charged with having broken into the warehouse of George Crowther and others, at Churwell, and stolen 29 ends of woollen cloth, of the value of 2401. Mr. Maule and Mr. West appeared for the ptosecution; Mir. Dearsly defended Cain; and Mr. Price appeared for the other prisoners. The prosecutors, it appeared, are cloth manufacturers, and have extensive mills and warehouses at Churwell, near Leeds. On the 12th of January the warehouses, which then contained cloth of the value of 2,0001. or 3,000k, were fastened in the ordinary manner. In conseguence of an intimation having been received that the premises would be ivaded by a gang of robbers that night, five men, besides the ordinary w ateeman, were place in different parts of theTpremises,and one ofthemwas armed with a gun. aothg ocerred during the nkight, and about 6 o'clock the ordinary watchman left the wreehouses. Almost imediately afterwards the door of the atch-room, vhich is in front of the premises, was opened with a skeleton key, aund six men entered. The four prisoners formed a part of the gang, a man named Steele a fifth, and the sixth man was note nowhi Proceedmig to the packing-rooms and warehouses, they began to make rather exitensive p reparations to carry off somhe of the cloth. The concealed watchers, however, were by no meanls disposed to allow these proceedings, and followred the men into the warehouses. One of the constables, observing a man carrying a bundle of cloth, challenged him to stop and deliver ujp the property. This man threwv the eloth into the constable's face, by whEich he waws knocked down and rendered almost insensible. A general struggle ensued, in which Steele fired a pistol at one of the watchers, and in return he was shot by the gun in the leg. Two of the prisoners (Maraden- and. Piclard) were captured immediately after this occurrence, after a desperate resistance, and handouffed. One of the thieves made his escape, but the other three (including the wounded man) wvere subseqently found on the premises. Steele was removedtothe Leeds Infirmary, but, notwithstanding the surgical aid he received, he died of his wound. The robbers, it was found, had packed up ready for removal 29 ends of cloth, worth nearly 2o01., and a number of skeleton keys, dark lanterns, and other instruments used by burglars were found in various parts of the premises. The whole of the prisoners were convicted, and a previous conviction in 1851 was proved against Pickard, who was then ordered to be transported for seven years, but it appeared that he has since received a ticket of leave. HisLoRDsmirr, in sentencing the prisoners, referred to what he caUed the "mistakenleniency" of issuing.tickets of leave, and sentenced the prisoners to severaUy undergo eight years' penal servitude. NisI PRIuS COURT-.-BeforC M-r. Baron ARTr.) DOBSON V. HUTION. Mr. Hardy appeared for the plaintill and Mr. Overend, Q.C., for the defendant. This was an action 6f trespass, and the parties reside at Uuddersfield, or the neighbourhood. It was alleged that Mr. Brook had built a house so close to the plaintiff's land that it would be impossible to paint the front of his house without going into the plaintiffs Eield. In November last, during the absence or the plaintiff, a-servant of the defendant went to paint some windows in lMlr. Brook's house. He was ordered to remove the ladder he had placed in the field and desist, but he refused, and the plaintiff's manservant said he would play the devil with him. On being asked, in cross-examination, what he meant by the expression, he said he meant to " follow law upon him." (Loud laughter.) Somelime hadfallen intothe field,and`thiswas the trespass. For the defence this was characterized as a most trumpery Action, that in reality no damiage had been sustained, nd that, the ladder having been placed there without the assent of the defendant, he was not responsible for any trespass which might have been committed, Thee defendant's witnesses aot, appearing, a verdict was directed to be entered for. the plaintiff-Damuages, one farthing. THOMAS V. SAW .A2~D OmES. Mfr. iPickering,. Q.C., and MEr. Jones appeared for the plsaitiff- MIr. Watson, Q.C., and Mr. Cleasby for the do- This wFas an action to recover a sumr of money pm commission. . o The plaintiff, it appeared, is a merchant, manufacturer, and commission agent, at Halifax, -and he. keeps a warehouse there, where he stores goods belonging to other persons. The defendants, Mr. Lawandhis two sons, are clothmaanufacturers, near Halifax, and the cloth they prepare is principally for the army. In November, IS the plaintiff enteredint6 an arrangement with the defendants to act as their commission agent. The agreement they then made, however, was not acted-upon, but at the end of December in that year, or tha'beginning of Jana,r; 1855, a' second agreement was made, by which the la intiff s toreceive in additionto about 1L per day for Sis personial expenses, a commission ofE2 per cent. on a certain deseription of goods. ana 1* per cent, on another description, provided any order did not lamount to SOZ. - If the order was fora larger amount thnthat, h cw to receive per - After that the plaintiff wrnt to London and obtained an~ order from Messs. Leach and Broadbent for 151. 1G. 4d. as comrnmis-ion, leiving a balan6e die of only 21. 3s. lOn In March the defendants xeceiiied"In order from the same firm to the amoint of nearlv 7 aOt, and the plaintiff clli.edva commissionu. 19s.i<d., aio meanrl 111. for packing the goodf and afurther sum-for'sareboume room, the tota almount-which he sought to recover being 851. MSs lOd. The defeuce was that the plaintifrwas onlv entitled to comissi ood actuan -sold and d- livered within six nMonthli after the agreement: ms& made, and that Mr. Thomas was only entitled to 26&. Irs. 3d. for .commission, wxehouzrom, &c., which sum had been pai4 Verdict for the plaintiff for 591. Ss. 7d., the balanc' after giving creitfor the aount whic. had beenpaid into court . p
TT(')'P'PnT.Tr mi>r? 13EDFORflD~T 1A The Chief Justice of-the Coramon Pleas and 31r. Justice Wightmcn xarived here yesterday, and opened the comni - Sion. There are no causes, and the calendar coritains the names of 40 prisoners, the offences, however, being for the maost part of a trifling description. a Un>RowxsM CouRi:T.-(Beforc CJhief JuStIMeJERnIs.) . Thonais Htopkins was indicted for feloniousl,y ;md mali.; ciously shooting at one William Stevens with mntentto de hnn grievous bodily harm. Mir. WOP.RLEDE (with whom 'was Mr. Wroth) stated the following facts:-On the 15th of November last the illagers of Heath and Reach had been practising an ancient custom prevalent in Bedfordshire. When any married inhabitant of a place is suiposed to beAnfaithfnl to the marriage vow, the villagers assemble in the evenig and parade the place with horns, tin kettles, and other discordant instruments, shouting their disapprobatiorr of such conduct. This is called I' rough music.' Onthl 15th of November last the people of Heath and Reach were Irou& musicing" a son of the prisoner, andtheproceedingwas continued on the evening of the 16th. Initated by this, the prisoner, who i Substantial farmer in the parish, levelled nis gonat the- rout as they approached his house, and fred both barrels into the crowd. The result was tnat a lad named Stevens was severely wounded, as -were a25s several of the others. After this statement, 1ir. Pow?., for the prisoner, said that it was impossible to deny that the prisoner fired the gun, but he did it ata moment of very great irritation, and had no intention whatever of injuring any one. If the counsel forthe pro3ecution -would consent, therefore, he would advise him to plead guilty to a charge Qf unlawf ly shooting, and that would probably meet the ends of justice. The prisoner then pleaded "Guilty." The learned J1mGE, in sentencing the prisoner, said that he quite concurred in the course thathad been taken. Probably there was no intention to injure, but the. prisoner foolisly and recklessly fired into the crowd, and,ai he 'mlgarly supposed, only to frighten them. The prisoner was a man in a good position, but the law wasnorespecterof persons. The better the education of the prisoner, had bee. the mnore circunspect should his conduethbe, and thegreater ispowversof control. No one could justifythefoolishbabitof ro-gh music, and. no doubt it was very irritating, but people who stooped to temptation must be puishe. Re mnst ss a sentence of three months' imprisonment vwith hard bour. (Before 31r. Justice 'Wxnr3G L.) Rowlaud Rentz Withers, aged 18, pleaded " GniIy to stealing 1,0001. in bank-notes from hs masters and employers, Messrs. Bassett, bankers, of Leighton Buzzard, on the 21st of January in this year. Mr. Serjeant WLlVzs (with -whom wasY-M. Tozer) said that there was no doubt of the prisoner's having ta;ken the notes in a moment of sudden temptation; but at the very moment when he was apprehended, actuated by remorse, was returning to restore them. His friends and relations were highly respectable, and the prosecutor was anxious to recommend him to mercy. Mr. O5IVALLEY (with whom;was Mr. Wroth) said that be wasintructed to recommend the prisoner to zgercy, anc hoped that he would be dealt as leniently with as publid justice would permit. Sentence was deferred till to-morrow. MARtcH 15. CEOwrv CoTrnL-(Beforc Mr. .Tujticc WIGH2xx.) Rowlund Elentz Withers, who yesterday pleaded guilty to a charge of stealng nearly 1,0001. in banik-notes from his employers, Messrs. Bassett, bankers,- at Leighton Buzzard, was to-day sentencedto two year imprisonmenu witb. hard labour.
.POLICE. MANSIo;N-1OISME.-William Player was brought up on charges of forgery. Mr. Charles Fox Oppenheim, late of Cape-t-own, Cape of Good Hope, and now of Dalston-place, Dalston, shipowner and master -mariner, said, "I have known the prisoner. He had-been i nmy employment for more than t*ree years as clerk at the Cape. I just met him'in the shitets of London, and gave him in charge for having forged some bills of exchange. H[e escaWped fron the Cape in Februar hat, and the forgeries were committed before he made hMs escape." The LoaRI MxvOn.-Have you seen the forgeries? Witness.-I have. One is for 871. 153. 4d., and was discounted at the Cape Comniercial Bank. It purports to be drawn by Benjamnr Norden in my favour, ani alleged to be accepted and endorsed by me. There is a check for 861. ls. Id., less the discount, alleged to be signed by me. It was drawn on the 30th of Janiary. There is a bill for 1201. purporting to be drawn by Benjamin Nordeu. The body of the bill is in the prisoner's handwriting, and it purports to be accepted by me, and there is a check for 115L., less the discount, drawn against it of the date of the Gth of February, on the South African Banlk. We knew nothing of the forgeries when the, prisoner escaped on the 7th of February. 1 was charged w ith having forged the drawer's name and was dismoissed. I have been in pursuit of theprisoner, and came to England after him. ewas in my service in the name of Wiinia The prisoner was remanded. JohA Hall, charged. witli having received a qtxsutity of golddust, well knowing that it had been stolen, was again brought up forexamination, and was again remanded. Ellen, the wife of Philip Earrington, a eeaman on board the Corsair's Bride, appeared ageainst the firn of Cockes and Co., of Mark-lane, shipowners, and complained tha$they, being the ovwers of that vessl, had refusedto pay her the sum of 41. 10s., the amount allotted to her from her husband's pay during his absence on a voyage. The complainant produced the allotment note, anad stated. that on a former occasion, wven her husband had been engaged in the same vessel, there had been no hesitatiDn osa the question of paying her the allotment. IJpon the part of the defendants it was stated that they considered themselves justified inrefusingtopaythemoney, in consequence of having been given to understand that, in I consequence of a disagreement between the -seaman and his wvife, t was not the intention of the former to completethe voyage by retarniag in the v essel,-a course calculated toput the owners to considerable expense and inconvenience The complainant said that she andherhusbandhad parted on good terms when he went ofl the voyage, and there wasno pretence for saying that he would not return.-. Sir . W. CSuni The owners are not acting legally in refusingto pay the allotment note. TIll the owners of a- ship get advice, as the act of Parliament says, that a seaman engaged by them has left the ship and forfeited his w1ages, they have no alternativein them but to pay the money, and- the magistrate has no alternative but to order the pa:?ment- . with costs, and Icertainly feel much gratification i'd gving:the order accordingly. Thoms Shrihnpton, who was charged on Friday with havingforged areceipt and acqnittance for 19Z. 12Ni UL,with intent to defraud the Commis7oners of the City Sewers, was~ finally examined. It appeared that the Commissioners hai been indebted the sum of 19L 12s. 6d. to the deceased brother of the pri- - sonerfor work as a smith, and that after the death of the, real claimant the prisoner persmnated him and receivel the money, according to the usual corporation form. The prisoner saidhehad been authorized to apply for the amount by the widow of his brother, but she demed that shehad given him any authority or instruction in the matter. Committed for triaL GuhlxmILL.-Frederick Hoffmian, a foreign impoHer; carrying on business in Basinghall-street, was charged, according to the police-sheet, with stealing a bill of exchange for 1861. in January last, and also vith assaulting the prosecutor on Saturday last. lMr. Scarth attended for the prosecution, and stated that, as the questi-n of the bill of exchange formed the ground for an action now pending in a civil court, and the prisoner hadheenrequired by aciapiastoputinbail, it was his intention to proceed with the charge of assault, and to abandon that for stealing the bilL Alderman SID.NIEr said the charges before him were that of stealing a bill of exchange forl861. and that of assaulting the prosecutor, and it was desirable to have it distinctly anderstood which case was tobe taiken, so that the time of the Court might not be occupied unnecessarily. MWr. Phelps, for the prisoner, urged that, as the assault. was the result of an llegal act on the part of the proeeca- tor, the prisoner was entitled to his discharge. The fact - was there were other proceedings pending in this matter, and the motive for giving the prisoner into custodr was - that he might be handed over to the civil authorities, and the officers were waiting outside the court to fake him as - soon as he should be discharged. Alderman Simm9y said he would hear evidence with regard to the assault. Louis lochefort said he was an importer of foicign goads, carrying on business at 80 A, Fore-street, Fiaashury. On Saturday, March 8, he met the prisoner, who, on seeinlg him, ran into a house in Coruhiul. He followed him to - nearly he top of the hou, whenthe prisoner turned round. and demanded wzhat he wanted. Xe asked him to give him.r back the bill for 1861., uLpon which the prisoner Inveked him downand ranavway. He had notseen the prisoner since, until he met him on Friday night, when he gave him into custody for the assault. d Cross-examined-be did not cath hold of the prisonerby the [shoulder before he was strumk. Itwasaverv narrow staircase, and the prisoner pushed him on obe side and jknocked him down in order to get away. Heiknew that, the prisoner carried on business in Basingbalstreet, but no one had been able to catch him there. He had no processof any kind to serve upon theprisoner, -but he w3sbed to know from hima why-he did not give up the bill. Alderman SID.nxysaidditapeareddtoliim thatthe prw9-- cutar was not justified in- pursing the prisoner into the, house in question, and, as the lSatter was followinog hiir lawful occuption, he was justiied in pushing the complainant aside when he endeavoured to stop him. Under the circustances he considered that no aslt had been committed,- and the prisoner was therefore discharged. The prisoner was accordinglyliberated, but be was s rested"immediately on leaving the court. I fEYIEDON'E,-On SaturdLy Mr. ILONG received t1i second the second half of a 1.1.-note from.'63L F. S." for the poor-box of this oourt. The receipt of the fir.t bat IaE already bien acknowledged in XUc Ti?sC. i SOUTWA BRK.-WilUX21 BrO'nf-JO1112 -ge=
RIiORT OF Tn= ENGLISH ECUESWTICA CoAIUMSIo-N.-The eighth general report of this commission, just presented to Parliament, states that durina the past year the Bishops of Bath andc Wells, Durham, locester, Lichfield, london, and Worcester have, in consideration of -money payments, transferredto the commissioners portions of their epLcopal estates. A.n arrangOcement has been made for fixing the incomes for one of the present and for the fature canons of Salisbury Cathedral, and for revisng the arrangements respecting the income of the dean of the same church. Endowments have been provided for the archdeaconries of Berks, Carlisle, Lewes, and York (East Riding). The sales and purchases of leasehold interests have been effected by the comimissioners on terms in general accord.-nce with the recommendations of the Lords' Committee on Church Leaseholds in 1851. The income of the Common Fund has been resaored to its ascendancy, and in the case of the current year it will so increase as to yield a balance applicable towards maldng better provision for the cure of souls. The total number of -enifices permanently augmented by the commissioners amounted on All Saints' day last to 859, -with a opmulation of 2,364,620, while the annual grants payable in respect thereof amounted to 46,4271. a-year in perpetuity. Five districts have been constituted under the Church Endowinent Act. The total number of districts constituted by the commission up to theist of Nohvember last amounted to 247, and their population to 862,752; and of these 202 have been already provided with chapels, and have so become new parishes. The incumbents have thus become entitled to an annual income of not less than 1501., to say nothing of surplice fees and other dues. The annual payment by the commissioners is thus raised to 34,5131., subject to further increase. [Advertisement.-"The History of France, from the TEarUet Period to Ihe Present Time." By Timomas Wrightf Eaq Mr.A. Py.s.. &c. Corsponding Member of the Imper Institute o Franoe, Author of the lties of "Scotland" and "Ireland," the -trrusl ProunOn Dictiony, a. Prt I., pnCo Is., just published. Th work will De beAutillyprate onimate erd 5ro, and cmbeZithed with a wenes of eagravags in the highes e of art. 2,.rt I. wl contaiLn 4S paex of Trpra, ad portraits of Na,reon T. and U. r IL PrIL contain anm ec r ofin Queen jetonas reoeptium at the Tuieriex. London Pi g ComPuy, Bluec lrtuUdAas Christ's Hoepit1 dona Z reet,New York. To badofalboolsellersandattheraUway
NAVAL AND MILITARY INTILIGECE. Her Mfajesty's ship Cesar, 91, Captain Robb, and the Majestic, 81, Captain J. Hope, screw two-decker, left Spithead on Saturday for the Downs, going to the Baltic it is believed, although a report was current in the port that they had been despatched merely to await the passage across the Channel of the King of the Belgians. The steam transport Imperial, No. 18, left Poitsmouth on Saturday afternoon with provisions and stores for the army in the Crimea. The Hecla, 6, paddle sloop, Com. mander Aplin, went oat of Portsmouth harbour on Saturday evening, and left for Bristol and Liverpool to convoy back gun and mortar boats. The two training brigs for naval apprentices, Rolla and Sealark, have both-been refitted for the summer's exercising cruises, and were taken down to their respecMtive moorings on Saturday afternoon. The Rhadamanthus steam transport arrived at Ports. mouth yesterday from the Thames, with machinery for the' ships being fiUted. The Comet steamtug returned to Ports. mouth yesterday from Rye, with a new mortar boat. The Coquette, 4, screw despatch and gunboat, Commander Risk, arrived at Portsmouth yesterday afternoon from the eastward. In Portsmouth harbour yesterday were Her Majesty's ship Victory, 104, Captain the Eon. 3. B. Drummond, bearing the flag of Vice-Admiral Sir George Seymour, K.C.B., G.C.H, the commander-in-chief of the station; St. Vincent, 101, Captain G. A. EBlliot, bearing the flag of Rear-Admiral Superintendent of the Dockyard, W. F. Martin; the Excellent gunnery-ship, Captain Sir Thomaas Maitland, C.B.; the Ilustrious training-ship, Captain R. Harris; the Queen's yacht Victoria and Albert, Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman, and her tenders the Fairy, Master D. N. Welch, and Elfin, Master A. Balliston; the Perseverance screw troopship, Commander MDonald; the Transit, ditto, Commander C. R. Johnson; the Lightning, steamtender to the Duke of Wellington; the Firequeen steam yacht, Master Commander W. F. Paul; the Vivid steam yacht, Master-Commander H. W. AUen; the Sprightly, steam-tender, Acting-Master Mr. - G. AlUen; the Volcano, steam smithy; the Sealark and Rolla, apprentices' brigs; and the l?igmy, Comet, and Echo, tugs; the Fanny and Portsmouth, sailing tenders, and 15 steam gunboats. At Spithead were-the Duke of Wellington, 131, Captain Caldwell, C.B., bearing the Captain of the Fleet the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B., and the flag of Rear-Admiral the Hon. Sir Richard SaundersDundas, E.C.B., Commander-in-Chief of the Baltic Fleet ; the Royal George, 101, Captain Robinson; the Nile, 91, Captain Mundy; the Cressy, 81, Captain R. L. Warren; the Hawke, 60, Captain Ommanney; the Arrogant, 46, CaptainLyster; and the Devastation, 6, paddlesloop, Commander MarshalL In dock were-the Algiers, 91, Captain Codrington, C.B., refitting; the Bellerophon, 78, fittingasadepOtship; thNeFox, 42, underconversion toa steam transport ;thelrgent, steam troopship, Commander PhiUips, under repairs; the Ringdove, 6, steam despatch boat; the Fury, 6, steam-sloop, and the Hardy gunboat. In the fitting basin were the Rodney, 92, converting to a depot ship; the Pearl, 21, Lmder repair; the Flying Fish, 6, steam despatch gunboat; the Resistance old troopship, and the Opossum gunboat. In the steam basim were the Marlborough, 121; the Victor Emmanuel, 91; the Shannon, 51; the Pioneer, 6; the Lapwing, 6; and the Basilisk, 6, all receiving or repairing machinery. At the Motherbank were the Colossus, S1, Captain the Hon. H. Keppel, C.B.; the Belleisle hospitalship, Commander Hooker, and 14 gunboats. The hired steam transport Andes, No. 100, Captain William M'Arthur, from the Crimea, put into Plymouth Sound on Saturday. She left Balakiava on the 24th of Febrnary; Constantinople, 26th; Malta, the 4th of M3arch; and Gibraltar, the 9th of Marchi; and brings 15 officers and 158 invaEid soldiers, marines, and seamen from the Crimea, under command of Captain Brown, 95th Regiment, and in medical charge of Staff-Surgeon Donnell and Surgeon Jephson, 1st Dragoon Guards. Four deaths of invalid soldiers have occurred since her departure. Among the passengers is Lieutenant Massey, of the 19th, popularly known as " Redan Massey." This galant officer is slowly recovering from the serious wound which he received in his thigh during the assault, but is not yet able to walk. Dr. Cree, of the paddlewheel steam frigate Odin, 16, Captain James WiUlcox, and a few seamen from Malta, have come home in the Andes invalided. At Gibraltar there was a steamsloop of war, the steam transport Foyle with 51 military officers for the Crimea, and the steamer Calpe froiu LiverpooL The Andes passed in the Straits a large steamer with two funnels and whitepaddle boxes, bound for the Mediterranean. The Calcutta, 84, Captain W. K. Hall, was placed in the basin dock at Devonport on Friday, to have her copper ex. amined and repaired, previous to sailing for the East Indies, to bear the flag of Sir Mf. Seymour. I The- screw steamsloop Desperate, 8, Commander R. White, and the paddlewheel steamtug M-agicienne, 16, Captain N. Vansittart, left Plymouth on Friday for a - cruise in the Channel to relieve homeward bound vessels, of whichmore than 100 are now at anchor in the Sound. The screw steamship Conqueror, 100, Captain Thomas C. Symonds, is appointed to go out of Hamoaze to-day, to make another trial trip round the Eddystone. The crew of the screw steamsloop Cruiser, 17, Commander the Mon. George Douglas, bent sails at Devonport on Friday. She is appointed to go out of harbour to-day. The Resolute steam transport sailed on Saturday from Iliverpool for the Crimea, with detachments of Royal Artillery, who will be landed at Kingstown; she will then proceed to Malta with two officers and 76 men of various regiments. The medical corps and some officers of the Ti:rkish Contingent, who were to have gone in the Resolute to the Crimea, have been ordered back to London. Her Majesty's steamer Geyser sailed on Saturday from the Mersey for Portsmouth, with the new wooden gunboats Blazer and Brazen. The Wanderer, screw despatch steamer, Commander J. P. Luce, fitting for sea at Chatham, has received her armament, including two large Lancaster guns of long range, besides a large quantity of Lancaster shells, which have been sent round from Woolwich. She has received orders to leave Chatham this day for Sheerness, where she is to await her sailing orders. The Mohawk despatch steamvessel, Commander F. A. Close, having finished coppering, and the machinery having been put on boaxd) was hauled out of dock at Chatham on Saturday. She is to have a complement of 90 men, and is expected to be ready for sea in a short time. The Ztna floating battery, building at Chatham, is nearly completed, but it is understood that the order for her launching to take place onthe 24th inst. has been countermanded. An order has arrived at Chatham, from the Waroffice, directing the following officers belonging-to the dep8t of the Fusileers to embark forthwith for the Mauritius :-Ensign G. E. Massy, Ensign B. S. Lewis, and I Ensign J. B. Barker. - Nearly the whole of the depots belonging to the Provi-I sional Battalion at Chatham, in addition to the six-company dep6t of the 91st Regiment, under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel B. M. M. Gordon, have been perfected in a course of instruction in the use of the Enfield rifle, under Captain W. Nott, 83d Regiment, and Lieutenant W. H. Ballingall, 35th Regiment, the instructors in mnsketry at Chatham garrison. Great care is taken that the whole of the men under instruction shall not only acquire a thorough inowledge of this weapon themselves, but that they shall also be able to instruct others. The following appointments were made on Saturday a, the Ad3miralty :-Henry Harkan, assistant-surgeon to the Belleisle; Edward T. Mortimer, acting-surgeon, to the Illustrions; Edward Reid, acting-surgeon, to the Hawke; Hamilton 1L Cole,- acting-clerk, to the Conflict. TEE 3EXlI'IA Colonel Cavendish, of the Chatworth Rifles, has received an order from the War Department to take vigorous measures for imnmediately making up the strength of his regi- ment by recruiting. The 2d Warwick Militia, now stationed in Armagh, having been called on for volunteers to the line on Wednesday, 142 immediately offered themselves, 66 of whom passed the surgeon. The regiment is stil in a most efficient condition, and ready for any service it maybe called on to perform. The number of officers is complete, with the exception of one ensign. The Royal Cardiganshire Militia will be called out on the 25th inst. for 21 days' training. The place of meeting will be at Aberyatwith, notice to that effet having been given by Adjutant Durhama. Captain Jordan's Cornpany of the Royal Pembrokeshire Mlita has relieved the 4th company under Captain Wells, at Pembroke, to do duty in the martello towers and fortified posts in the haven.
TO THE EDITOR Or THE TIimES. Sir,-Sir James Graham stated in his speech that I had advised Sir Robert Stopford not to attack Acre; and Admiral Berkeley went further, and said that the night before I told SirRobert Stopford that if he sent him, into the position marked out for him his ships would not swim for half an hour. My reply is not correctly reported, and I have to request you wil give insertion to this letter. I stated in my reply that upon my honour I did no such thing; and I now beg to say that there is not one word of trath, or even a shadow of truth, in those statements; they were got up to damage me.e I remaiin vour'obecienltservant. CUARLES X, PEI. Maruch 3.
THE METBOPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS -. ' On Friday the weeklymeetinm of the Mfetropolitan Board of Works was held in the Council-chamber, Guildhall, Mr. Thwaites, the President, in the chair. EW MEMBER. Mr. J. Leslie took his seat as a member of the Board for St. George's, Hanover-square, in the mlace of Mr. Hunt, who, since his election, had accepted an appointmient in the department of the Chief Commissioner of Public Works. BATHS AND WASIROUSES. A deputation from the Committee for Promoting the Es-. tablishment of Public Baths and Washhouses, consisting of the Rev. Sir H. R. Duldnfield, Bart., Mr. W. Hawes,- and Nr. J. Bullar, attended and presented a memorial to the Board on that subject. It recited the great public advantages, especial lto tho -poorer classes, which had'resulted from the establishment of baths and washhouses in various parts of the metropolis; that they were to a great extent self-supporting; and suggested that, inasmuch as the benefits derived from thosa already in existence were by no means confinedto the parishes in which they happened to be situated, but were available by the inhabitants generally, the onus of maintaining them, so far as they were not'self-supporting, should fall upon the metropolis at large, and not, as now, on particular parishes. It also stated that it was desirable to extend the number of public baths and washhouses, and especially in thepoorer districts. It prayed that the Board would take the subject into their early consideration, and approve the suggestion that powers be sought from Parliament for carrying into effect the proposition for multiplying the numberof the existing establishments, and charging their maintenance on the whole of the metropolis. The Eev. Sir H. R. DuEnED, speaking for the deputation, said it was now an admitted truth that public baths and washhouses were a great blessing to the community wherever they were established, especialy to the poorer classes, as great, indeed, as were hospitals and other charitable establishments. They formed, in fact, part of that philanthropic progress which marked the times in which we lived. The deputation asked tho Board to accept power to establish baths and washhouses where there were none already, and where they could not be established in any other way; and also that the Board should take under their care those establishments which already existed,. in cases where it was the wish of the particular parish in which they were located that they should be transferred to the charge of the Board. They also wished that those establishuents should in future, both as respected their usefulness and maintenance, become metro-: politan, and not parochiaL At present, in several cases, the burden of their support pressed heavily on the parishes in which they were situate, though the benefits of them extended far beyond them. They did not ask the Board to take any compulsory power, but only to accept a permissive power, if the Legislature should be pleased to invest them with it, for dealing with these philanthropic establishments, and extending their benefits far and wide. It was estimated that a farthing in the pound on the rental of the metropolis would supply the whole metropolis with baths and washhouses. He did not, however, wish to pledge himself to the perfect accuracy of that estimate. The deputation did not mean that there should be a separate establishment for each parish, but that the inhabitants of every parish should be within an easy distance of public baths and washhouses. On the motion of Mr. Tunm , the memorial was received, and the deputation withdrew. REGULATIONS FOR HOUSE AND STREET DRAUNAGE. The report from the committee on by-laws was brought up, which recommended, first, that no now sewer shall be made withoutthe previous approval of the Metropolitan Board of Works ; and all vestries and district boards proposing to construct new sewers shall, before commencing any works for that purpose, submit to the said Board plans of the streets or places in which it is proposed to construct new sewers, drawn upon tracing-cloth!, on a scale of five feet to the mile, with the position of the proposed sewers shown thereon, and longitudinal sections of such sewers, drawn to the same horizontal scale, and to a vertical scale of 11 feet to an inch, wvith the heights from Ordnance datum to the invert of the proposed sewers figured, and the rate of inclination specified therein. Also cross-sections of the proposed sewers, drawn to a scale of half an inch to afoot, with a statement of the thickness and a description of the materials intended to be used in their construction. Second, that when it shall be intended to abandon wholly, or in part, or to extend, contract, or alter any design for a sewer previously submitted to and approved by the Metropolitan Board of' Works, notice m writing of such intention shall be given to the said Board, accompanied by plans and sections, as hereinbefore described, showing the extension, contraction, or alteration which may be intended; and no such abandonment, extension, contraction, or alteration shall be permitted without the previous approval in writing of the Metropolitan Board of Works. Third, that threo clear days' notice in writing. shall be given to the Metropolitan Board of Works by a vestry or district board previously to the connexion of any sewer or drain with a mnain sewer, and the necessary junction for that purpose shall be made by such vestry or district Board to the satisfaction of the AMetropo. litan Board of Works." Mr. LESLIE suggested, wvith regard to the first recommendation, that it wvould be extremely desirable that the Board should, as soon as possible, settle the form of new sewers which they would be prepared to sanction, and the materials of wvhich they were to be constructed. The recommendations of the committee were agreed to, after a short conversation. CLAIMS FOR COMPENSATION. The reportfrom thecommittee on claims for compensation was brought upbyMr.Dalton. Itrecommended-first, that, as a general rule, in, cases in which compensation had been awarded to ofiicers by any vestry or district board, and such award had not been appealed against by offlcers, nor objected to in any memorial to the Metropolitan Board of ^torks from any dissentient members of such vestry or dis- trictboard, or from any of the ratepayers of the parish or, district by which such compensation was to be paid, such award be confirmed by the fetropolitan Board of Works. Second,-That in all other cases the compensation to he awarded on loss of office be according to the follow/ing scale:-For a service not exceeding five years in duration a gross sum equal to one year's salary, and for every additional searof service up to 20 years a gross sum equal to one-fifth part of a year's salary, or the equivalent of such sum in a life annulty, calculated in accordanco with the Gcvernment tables for life annuities. Third,-That any ease which, inthe opinion of the committee, should not be subject to the foregoing rale, be the subject of special consider3tion bythe comimittee, and the reasons for the conclusions of the committee be speciallyreported to the board. MEajor LYO,Y moved as an amendment the omission of the first recommendation of the committee, on the ground that its tendency was to tie the hands of the Board and to deprive it of its power to control those matters of compensation, and so possibly to give occasion for jobbery among the district boards. The amendment was supported by Messrs. Few, Bidgood, Bristow, Turner, Harrison, and Dixon, and opposedby Messrs. H. L. Taylor, Doulton, Offor, Hall, and Ware. It was lost on being put to the vote, and the recommendation of the committee was confirmed as it stood by 21 against a5. On the second recommendation Mr. D. IFFAxGER moved an amendment for doubling the amount of compensation, believing that as it stood it was now only a shan. The amendment was negatived on a show of hands. Major LYoNY contended that the Board had placed themselves in a difficulty by_passing the first recommendation, inasmuch as no scale ot compensation could be agreed on with which that recommendation would not interfere. After some further conversation the second and third recommendations of the committee were altogether omitted. CO1TT .ACTS FOR WORKS A3D DIEIPROVEHENT3. The report from the Committee of Works and Improvements, containing recommendations to the following effect, was brought up :-That the general works to be execuLted under the direction of this Board be divided into three contracts-two for the districts north, and one 'for those south of the Thames, in accordance with the enineer'srecommendation. That each contract include al wors within the limits to which the same shall apply, the estimated cost of which shall not exceed 500. That the form of contract submitted to the committee be printed, and that the schedule of prices prepared by the engineer be appended thereto, and that advertisements for tenders be forthwith issued. Agreed to. THE CY SEWES. Mr. Woorycir, the Clerk to the Board, stated that a reference having been made to him by the Board, as to what were its powers under the Metropolis Local Management Act, in reference to the construction of sewers within the limits of the city, he had since given the subject his careful consideration, and he had come to the conclusion that the 69th section of the act, and several others, which embodied the enactments relating to the constraction of sewers, did not apply to the city of London, but only to the vestries and district boards ;but it might beimportant to considerthough On that point he wras not prepared to giva a decided opinion-whether there was not a power in this Board to j make a by-law which would render it imperative on the Conmissioners of Sewes in the city of London to submit theirplans for the construction of new sewers to the Board for its aplproval. Mr. H.- L. TAYLO contended there was nothing in the act which would justify the Board in loolang upon the city of London precisely in the same light as they would the several districts of the metropolis, and that it was never intended by Parliament to include the city within the jurisdiction of the Board. The only power which the Board had with regard to the city was to determine and declare any sewer to be a main sewer which they might think proper. (Hear, hear.) The CHAnRaA said, this beingso peculiarly a question of law, if they doubted the soundness of their own law officer, it would be:for the Board to obtain some other in which they might have greater confidence. He therefore thought it was inconvement to raise a discussion on an opinion delivered by the legal adviser of the Board. (Hear, hear.) Mr. H. L. TAYLOR declined to move that the opinion of counsel be taken on a matter on which he himself had no doubt. Eventually, on the motion of Mr. R. TAYOR, the further consideration of the question was ordered to stand over until next meeting. IM. CoRRIE resumed the debate on the motion of Mr. Turner for referring the memorial from the vestry of Hampstead as to securing Hmpstead-heath as a place of public recreation to the Committee of Works and Improvements. He contended, in opposition to the opinion of M. IWare, expressed at the last meeting, that on a proper constructios od the preamble of the act, it was within the au- thority of the Board to go to Parliament to ask for powers to deal with Hmpatead-heath. The act spoke of the power of the Board to make metropolitan improvements generally for the benefit of the inhabitants at large, and the question was whether or not this was a metropolitan improvement. He submitted that it was, if they judged of the number of people interested in the preservation of the heath as a place of,resort and recreation. He could not conceive anything which would tend more to improve the morals of the hitlbler part of the population, and to keep them out of *ppbliehouses, than sulpplying them witn places of innocent and healthy recreaon. (Hear, hear.) With respect to tequestion of money,it might have been said that the gret iprvemnt mae i te ctyof London during tee last few years in the way of streets and.thoroughfareswere valuable, not to the metropolis generally, but to the city; et the whole of the metropolis, and even parts of Hertfordshire, were taxed for those improvements in the shape of the duties on coals. (Hear, hear.) He contended that it was legally within the power of the Board to deal with this question; that it involved a metropolitan improvement of great importance; and that the consideration of money ought not to prevent them at least from referring the subject to the committee. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Basrow opposed the motion, on the ground that it proposed to refer to a committee a question to which the Board, as such; had no power to give effect. Mr. BEvAS denied that the inhabitants of Bethnal-green, whom he p resented, were at all interested in the preservation of Hamapstead-heath, seeing that they had already a fine, spacious park of their own. (Hear, hear.) What theywanted the Board to do was to construct sewers for them, from the want of which they suffered serious inconvenience. The motion was supported by, Mr. D'ImirGim, and, after Mr. TURNIR, the mover, had been heard in reply, it was put and lost by a large majority. PUBLIC WORK. The Secretary read the following letter, which Sir B. Hall the Chief Commissioner of Works, had addressed to the whimnof the Board-.- the,(~hnirman of the Board " Office of Works, March 10. "Dear Sir,-By the 135th section of the Metropolis Act, of last session, the Metropolitau Board of Works are empowered to make main sewers for the purpose of preventing the sewage from passing into the River Thames; and by the 136th section it is enacted that before any such works can be commenced the plan must be submitted to and approved by the Commissioners of Her ajesty's Pablic W- orks and Buildings. "By thel44th section the Metropolitan Board of Works havepowerto make, widen, and improve streets, aO., and ' if it appears to them that further powers are required for the purpose of any work for the improvement of the metropolis, or for the public benefit of the inhabitants thereof, they may make application to Parliament.' The clause then provides that before the Metropolitan Board commence any such works, the estimated expense whereof shall exceedto 50,0001., the plan of such works, together with an estimate of the cost of carrying such works into effect, shall be submitted to the Commis- sioners of Her Majesty's Works and Puiblic Buildings, and 1 no such plan shall be carried into effect until the same has been approved by such Comniissioners- and no such works shall be commenced, in cases where the estimated expense thereof shall exceed the sum of 100,0001., without the previous sanction of Parliament. "The object of these clauses was of course to provide with as little delay as possible for the purification of the Thames, for material improvements in the thoroughfares of the metropolis, and to provide places of recreation for the public benefit of the inhabitants, and the plars must necessily require much consideration, especially as regards the great drainae works; and if you propose to open any thoroughfares, to purchase ground for very open spaces, and require compulsory power to take the lands that may be necessary for such objects, you will have to comply with the staditng orders of Pxarliament, and give the necessary notces in the autumn of the year. I shall be glad, therefore, if. you will let me have al the plans that must necessarily be brought beefore me not later than the end of June. _ "T shall then be able to attend to the subject during the session, and there will be ample time- for the consideration of any alterations (if deemed desirable) and for the proper notices as required by Parliament, and I beg to assure you that it will at aUl times afford me the greatest pleasure if I can be of any assistance to the Metropolitan Board of Works in the prosecution of those important duties which devolve upon teem under the act of last session. "I have the honour to be, dear Sir, yours truly, ",B. HALL." The Board then, after the transaction of some routine business, adjourned to Wednesday next.
SHIP NEWS. T'PAT.lMT. TZT.s/ . FIX LIGHT ON tA. PP.MFTlROAW kiydrographicooffice, Admiralty, LJondon, Feb. 5. TheColonial Government at the Fa2lkhnd Islands has given notice that a fixed light of the natural colour was established on Cape Pembroke on the lst day of December last. The light stands at a height of 1O feetabove the mean level of the sea, and isWisibe in ordinary weather at a distance of 14 miles. It shows a bright fixed right, in every direction seaward, but is dark towards Port William, betweer. the bearings of N.W. aN. and W. Thetower is60feethigh; it iscircular, and of ir6n, andatpresent painted black. It stands in lat. 5140 42 S., long. 5741'4S W. of Greenwich. Theillruinatingapparatusiscatoptrigorreflectin6g,and of the first order. CapePembroke, on -which a beaconbashitherto stood, forms the eastenmost point of the Fhlkland group, and also the South headland of Port Illians, within which, on itssoethside, is Stanley Harbour. From the Urania Rock viwhiclxlies east onemile fromthe outer rock off Volunteer Point) the hghthouse bears S. 13 E, or S. by E I E. nearly, distant 9% miles. From the centre of the Larye Wolf Rock, to the southward, fhe Hghthouse bears N. 7 E Avesselentercig Port William will leave the light on the port hand; arndthemastershouldbe careful toobserve that,astheflood-tidesets strough to the northward, and the ebb to the southward, in passing Cape Pembrokc, he should net pass between this Cape and the Seai Rocks (wvhich lie north-east of it about 7 mile), unless t he chip is unmder steam or ha3s a good coromanding breeze; in lightwvinds, or mnuch swveli it is better to Pass outside. All bearings ar.e magnetic. Var. l&} E. in lSS6. SWEDEN.-_WEST COAST. BUSKAR LIGHT. WVINGO SOUND. Hydrograrpic-office, Admiralty, London, Jan. 26. The Swedish Royal M,arine Department has given notice that the Buskar Light, in Wigo Sound, in the Kattegat, at the entrance to Gottenburg, which since the 1st of September, 1S5, has sho.n a red light to seaward, and a bright light towards the Sound, bas been partaliy altered in orderthat it may be seen further off. It now shovs a brighthlihtto seawardto a ve at a distance, but on a nearer approach the red colour gradualy overpoovers the white light, sufficiently so to render it easily distinguishable from the two bright lights on Vingo beacons and from theleading Botto Light. LIVERPOoIs lLA:tcs 15. Wind, E.S.E. Aimnoss.t, March 13.-The Princess Maria, of Irvine, Railed from Bllina for Liverpool on the 5th ult., and has not since been heard of. * The Ottawa and the AdePt, hence, have arrived at Mobile, *The Pakenlham, from Callao, has arrived at Cvookbaven. The Huntress, hence, has arrived at St. Naraire. WlThe Tber steamer sailed from Leghorn forNaples on the 5th inst. The WVeal Derby, fromnCalcutta, hadarrived at St.Helena, and sailed for London. The Delhi and the Chisely, from Calcutta aned the Pakenhamr, from Bimlipatarm, have arrived at St. Helena for thisport. The Meroo, from Calcutta for this pOrt, has arrived at QOeentown. ,with loss of mizenmast, spars, sails, &c., and crew disabled; she vill sail for this port the first fair mind. MAItCH 16. (BY Emxoraic TnszGBAPsu) Wind, S.E. *fresh. Arrived,-The CalPe steaer, fr-om Palermo-thefSardlnian steamer, from Naples-the Xmfkaf from Alexandria. Off the Port.-The Htenrys and the Eldair, daom Alexandria-the Queen Mab, from Washington-the Para3un,y and the Omega, from Sailed.-The Electra, for St. Vincent-the Ilorist, for BalaUavathe Huon, for Yarmouth, Nova Scotia-the Security, for Constantinople-the Pelican steamer. for Itotterdam-the Douro steamer, for Lisbon-the Italian steamer, for Gibraltar-the Gratitude, for Dordtthe Fairy aud the Prudence, for Hamburg. LoSnDoN, March 15.-Wind at noon R, strong breeze, and Cloudy; itisbiowinga strong galeiontheIeast eoast. 1Bc0 JAxEnro, Feb. 13.-The Duvivier (French ship), from Bned. Apres for Havre, put in here on the 1st inst., leakty in her upper w orkrs, having encountered very heavy wveather shortly after her departure; she has also been On fire, her w ool cargo having ignited; she is being diechasyod in order to repair. {TiEs-am, Masrch a.-The Afina, of and for Nlykiebiug, from 13artlepOOl, wfas wvrecked yesterday near the Aggar Canal; master drowvned, GBAVESEND, hAuci 15. (By SuBrxnxz A-ND BRrress Tstnston.Apn (From Lloyd's.) Arrived, March 14-The Dragon steamer, from Hlamburg. 9 30 a.m.-Wind, E. by S.; tide, 2 hours' ebb; cloudy. Arrived.-The Belgimn steamer, from Ostend. Salled.-The WiUiam Stephenson, for Penang-the Eliza, for Pernambuco-the Enterprise, for Corlf-the Reply, for Barbadoes-the Adela, for GusyaquiL 1 p.m.-Wnd, E,; tide, near low water; fresh and fie. Arrived.-The Lamberta, the Fve Zusters. and the Fortzone, from Harlingen. Sailed.-The Evangeline, for Constantinople-the Palestine, for New York-the Hanorer steamer, for Havre-the HoUland steamer, for Ostend-the Elbe, for Hamburg-the Coerni, for Trinidad-the Sandale, for Lisbon. 3 p.m.-Wmd, E.S.E.; tide, 3 hours' food; doudy. Arrived.-The Rhine steamer, from Boulogne. Sailed.-The City of Norwich, for Tonning-the MoseUe steamer, for Rotterdam-the Trident steamer, for Hamburg-the Chance, for Moreton-bay. 7303p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, abouthizhwater; weather, moderate. ArrivedL-The Robert, from Ragusa-the Brevig, from Brevig-the Armenian steamer, from Balakiava-the Amn and Rosetta, from Brassels-the Thames steamer, from Hamburg. MAIcH 16. 4 p.m.-Wind, E.; tide, I hour's flood ; fresh and Cloudy. Arrived.-The Amelia, fromNorden-the Rover, from Antwerp-tho Horrocks, from Donldrk-the Alida, and the Active, from Leer-tho Concorsa teamer, anEd the Magnet steamer, from Rotxerdam-the City of Hamburg steamer, from Hamburg-the Soho steamer, from 'Havre-the Eudora, from Sevile-the Hermins Hendrika, from Groningen-the Heinrich, from Hamburg-the Luna, from Hommersiel-the Gesmia, from Leer--the Julia, from Memel-the Vrow M1argaretha, from Hookslel-the Ann, from Terceira-the IsabelIa Jones, from New Orlenas. Sailed.-The Tritoin steamer, for Calais-the' Flecho steamer, for Ghent-the Batavier steamer, aid the Earl of Auclaand steamer, fo Rotterdam-the Pollux steamer, for Hambuerg-thelarlingen *teamer, for Harlingez-the City of Rotterdam steamer, for Dankirk-the Seine steamer. for Boulogne-the Elirabeth, for Trieste-the Marli for Grenada-the Royal Shepherdess, for Hobart-town-the Omar Pasha, for Sydney-the No. 1, for Constantinople-tho Asia, for Calcutta-theWilliam, fer Leer. DEAI,, M.&atcir 15. (BYD. SUMIRMEc AND BaR=Zse TLEanesAPM) (From Ioyd') 9 30 a,m.-WNmd, E.SE.; fresh. Passed.-Tho Armenian steamer (235 transport), from the Black Sea, forthe River. Sailed.-The bark Robert, from Ragusa, for London. Noon.-Wind, ES.EL, fresh.-No arrivals. 2 Pm.-Wnd, E.S.1. ; moderate. Passed.-The Victoria steamer (72 transport), from London, for the Black Sea-ler iNajesty's steamer Rhadamanthus, from Woolwich, for lybmouth. 7 30 p.m.-WindS. by ; fresh. Axrived and Passed.-The Wiliam Stephenson, from London, for Singapore-the Walter Morrice, from London, for Bombay-the St. MTichaeys, from London, for Alexandria-the Adele, from london, for Gibraltar-the Soenter Jobnny, from London, for Swansea-the Guadalete, from LondDn, for Gibraltar-the Southampton, from Lon. don, for the Westward, Another piece of tle hull of the Ddie Gebroeders has washed on shore inMargate-bay. MrAncH 16. 5 p.m.-Wind, S.E. by B,; strong. Arrived and Passed,-The Queen of the East, from the Westwasi the Maria Jocoba, from Manilla,andthe Alipore, from the Crimea, for London-the Coroni, daomLondon, for Trinidad-thelFnny Chapman. from London, for Liverpool. Sailed, and since Put Back.-Tho Bengal, for Montrose. VrsMwaa Srostmr Wr, The Packet (brig), bound B., March 10, in lat. 59 X. long. 11 W. The Foyle (steam-tiansport) March 5, offCave St. Vincent. TheAgamemno4 from ,non, for Cacutta, Nov. 25, in lat. 6 B., The G. W. 0. Burc.e, frem Pondicherry, for Londoni, in lat, 29 S., belEenx Glracefrom Hertlepool, for the Cape of Good Hope;Dec. The Heugh Block, from Liverpool, for Valparaiso, Dec. 12, in lat. 20, ong; 2. HIGEE WATIIR AT LONDON-BRIDGG THIS DAY.. Mening *,, n 25 in, after nJ I Afkm ...o. mln. attr 32
THE UNIVTRSIY EOAT RAM This event took place on Saturday, and a greater, or so great, a struggle has, perhaps, never before occurred between the Universities; the rowing throughout was admirable, while the successive advantages acquired by either crew imparted ar additional interest to itp which was maintainedto the very finish.' Owing to the Oxonians having won the last University race, in 185, the Cantabs were on the present occasion the challengers. Both parties' practised regularly upon their respective waters, and 'exerted themselves most manfully to dispute the claim to aquatic superiority. The course has usuAllybeen from Putney to Mortlale, a distance of nearly four miles and a half; but on the present occasion; owing to the awkwardness of the tide, it was found absolutely necessary to reverse it, otherwise the match could not have leen rowed by daylight. The time at which ittook place was, afterall, extremelyinconvenient from the earliness of the hour. The following were the crews CAamraomE. 1. lr. T. P. Salter, Trinity, 9st 131b. 2. MIr. F. C. Alderson, Trinity, l1st. 31b. 3. Mr. R. Lewis Iloyd, Trinity, 11st. 121b. 4. Mr. B. Fairrie, Trinity, l2st. 101b. 5. Mr. H. Wilkins, St. Xohn's, 12st. Sib. 6. Mfr. J. 3'Cormack, St. Johm's, 13st. 7. Mr. H. Snow, St. John's, list. 81b. Ar. R. H. 3L Jones (stroke) 3d., Trinity, 10st. 7bT Mr. W. Wingfield (steerer), ;-nity, 9st. OXFORD. L Mr. P. (nrdon, 'University College. 10st. Sib. 2. MIr. W. F. Stacken, Exeter, lIst. llb. 3. Mr. R. Salmon, Exeter, 10st. 101b. 4. Mr. A. B. Rocke, Christchurch, 12st. glb. 5. Mr. I. Townsend, Pembroke, 12st. Sib. 6. 31r. I. P. Lonsdale, Balliol, 11st. 41b. 7. Mr. G. Bennett, New College, 10st. 101b. Mr. J. T. Thorley (stroke), Wadham, 9st. 21b. Mir. F. W. Elers (steerer), Trinity, 9st. 21b. The Cantabs came to Putney on Xonday, and took uptheir abode at Mrs. Heath's, the "Star and Garter,' where they received every attention. They went over the course unmediately, and the powerfnl and lively stroke of Ir.. Jones augared well for the success of his party, who rowedinbeautifultime. TheOxonianswere on the samnewater the next day, and, althouga it was generally considered their stylewas superior, it did not appear to possessthe power of the other party. The Cantabs went out, and had a spin two or three times with some old hands of the same University, who formed a " scratch" eight against them; and the Oxonians rowed a,ainst a crew of watermen, composed of Kelly, John EPhelps, Phelps,jun., the renowvned Robert Newell, John 3Mackinnay, T. Mackinnay, Mark Cook, and Chitty; and the result of these trials was, that the Cantabs became the favourites at 6 to 4, odds which were fairlywarranted byappearances. The extremely boisterousstateof the weatherwas very disadvantageous to the rowers, and, on its continuance npto Friday night, it was deemed expedientto consult upon the propriety of postponing the match from the appointed hour of half-past 10 in the morning tiUl 6 in the evening. The wind, however, abated sufficiently in the morning, and the race was rowed at thetime first named. The day was bitterly cold and gloomy, notwithstanding -which there were no less than 10 steamers pat into requistion for the conveyance of persons to witness the race, while the shores and bridges were thicldy thronged -with spectators, including 100 or more horsemen, who availed thenmselves of the towing-path to vie the race. At a-quarter to 11 the rival crews made their aupearance, booth in old boats, built by the MNessrs. Searle. Thie Cantabs having won the choice of station, took the Middlesex side, ust 'celowPark-er's rails. Mr. Rich was umpire, and Mr. 1B.Searle, as usual, the starter. Although the oars of both crews "clpped" the water at the same instant, the Oxford men got fwll way upon their boat; notwithstanding the circumstance of its being five feet longer thanthe other before their adversaries got fairly to their work, and in the first few pulls drew almost half their length away, and continued the advantage for 200 or 300 yards, when their opponents, who were now all well at it fore and aft, came up and began to take a slght lead. With about a yard and a-half of their bov in front, the Cantabs contined for a quarter of a mile, and then gradually increased the lead to half-a-length, at which time a barge, which was just going about, threatened to produce a formidable obstraction; but, by very skilful steerage on the part of both gentlemen who were handling the yokelines, no mishap occurred, and Oford was only thrown a little out of her track, and the Cantabs went under Barnesbridge in 5 minutes 58 seconds after the start, at least Ihalf-a-length in front of the Oxor,ians-an advantaige which jthey so much improved immediately afterwards as to draw z themselves nearly clear, when a barge lay right in their course, which they were obliged to steer round; while the Oxonians were better off on the other side. and, putting on a spurt, gradually overpassed their opponents' boat, until they were strictly oar-and-oar; and with alternte leads of a foot or so, both continued to row in the most beautiful form through the lumpy water and against the dead foul wind that prevailed, until they neared Chiswick-eyott, where the Oxford gentlemen once more put on a spurt, and made for, the small arch on the Surrey I side of Hammersmith suspension-bridge, hugging the point pretty closely, while their opponents held their course more midstream through the centre arch nearly half a length astern, and 16 minutes 48 seconds after the start. The triumph of endurance was now to come, and the snirit and power with which each crew still rowed exhibited the nnflincthine game" that distinguished then. In shooting thewater to theCrab-tree theyremainedasbefore, but there the Cambridge men laid out in such extraordinary style as to mend their position at every stroke, and once more their stem peeped in front; both boats being considerably over to the northward, and the Cantabs, with a fine course before them, nearer the shore, h(othing in the shape of rowing could surpass thegallantcontet ,atthatmoment, bothpartiesrowed w.ith themost determniaedoonrage, butsuperior powerofcourse triumphed, and off the Half-Moon the Cantabs had nearly drawn themselves clear, but another spurt from Oxford reduced the distance off Searle's to half-a-leng0th, in which position, with the advantage of a fewmore feet at the finish Cambridge won. The time occupied was 25minutes45 seconds. Both crews afterwards dined together at the Albion, Aldersgate-street.
THE BAYD fLV KENSrNGTOv GARDEr... DEPUTATION TO SIP BENJTAMINY HALL. On Thursday a deputatio -from the West London Sunday Rest Associatioa waited upon Sir Benjamoin Hail, at the office of the Paublic Works, for the purpose of urging the right hon. bart. to order the discontinuance of the performances of the military band in Kensington-gardens on Sunday evenings during the ensoing season, and to carry out other restrictions in reference to the public parks on the Lord's Day. The deputation consisted of Sir John Bethune, lMr. L. Haldane, Mfr. RH. HLorwood, 3r. J. W. Wheatley, Mr. A. Crawford, Mr. W. Taylor, Mr. D. Routh, Hr. Wilcox, lr. Neal, Mr. Brov;ne, r. Wayland, and MWr. Cruunp. Mr. H1IuanE stated that the deputation represented an assoCiation which had been established for two objectsfirst, to prevent the desecration of the Sabbath by the opening of the British Museum, the National Gallery, the Cystal Palaee, andotherplaces of amusement on that day; and also to obtain the abolition of the practice of the band playing in Kensington-gardens on Sunday evenTigs. The association had sprung into existence in 1850, with the view of closing the post-offices on Sundaysthroughout the kingdom. Since that time it hadbeenin abeyance, buthad recently beenresuscitated,to carry into effect the two objects specified, but especially the discontinuance of the performance of the band in Kensington-gardens on Sundays. A large mumber of the constituency of the- 1orough of Tarylebone objected to the desecration of the Lord's Day by the band playing, and they -would, undoubtedly, at a future election, 'withhold their support, if the author of such a scheme did not take steps for its aboltion. Sir B.HATL said, if he understoodlthedepntationrightly, they sought two objects-namely, to prevent the opening of the British Museum and the National Gallery on a Sunday, and, secondly, to get rid of the band playing on Sunday evenings in Kensington-gardens, and that if they had their choicetheywouald prefer the abolition of the latter, believin it to be the greater evil of the two. (Hear, hear.) .Jhathe -wanted to have shown was how 'was the band laying a desecration of the Sabbath. If the society the deputation zepresented thought that it -was so inimical to the interest of true religion, how was it that they had only now found out, for the first time, that which took place m every town where a regiment vwas quarte.ed, and which had been the practice for niore than 100 yoars ? If they could show that the people of Windsor were more debased, more demoralized, 1ess Christians, and less loyal subjectsbyhearing the band play on Sunday venugs; or even in Newport, in the county in -which he resided, if it could be shown therewsmorevicebecauseaband played on Sandays, he 'would admit that they had made out a case for discontinuing the band in Kensington-gardens. What -were the facts' On some occasions from 75,000 to 76,000 persons attended Kensington-gardens on a Sumday to hear the band play, and soe emplary -vas the conduct of the People that the superintendent informed him that therec'was not a. flower plucked or a shrub destroyed. He (Sir B. Hail) had personally witnessed the excellent demeanour and conduct of the people. Did they mean, then, to say that because people were permitted to indulge in that which was really in^nocent recreation that they were worse subjects of the Queen, or worse Christians than others ? He 'wished distinctly to umderstand what those who were originating this movement wanted to do. If they wanted to deprive the people Tof every species of recreation on the Sunday, let them plainly say so. FSist, they s2id they wanted to get rid of the ban din Kensington- that the industrious classes were to h^Peno ecratio-noandinK3ensington-gazdens, no steamn boats,no admittance to Kew-gardens, nor to Hampton-court; bat that theymight walkabout thestreets of London, where no recreation was to be found, excepting in the ginshop and publichouses. He had as much respect for the Sabbath as any one, but military bands pla ed on Sundays in the courtyard of the Regent's Park Barac3s, in the Colour Court of St, James's, and on the terrace of Windsor Castle, as well as in many of the garrison towns throughout tho kingdom, and unulss in those places it could be shown that the people were wrorse Christians or worsn ub jects than in ofher puies they could inake out ndcas. Mr. THAT said,s ith reference to places wlexe thO band played, that however wrong they might perhaps consider the proceeding upon prmciple, they were not at liberty to interfere with military aciplne and bands pliying 352 barrack yards, but tnis was the first time in the ainals of our conntry when they found a member of the Govenmnent stepping forward and introducing an innovation foni.gn to the usages or the inclinations of thefpople. The same pril' .plp mlgt at once t hrow oen the pnle he ismeu prin-h BiihMuseum or the atioa CG.allery, which 112 ,been so emphatically rrejeod a fer evenings since in the House of CommonsE Sir -B. H lsaid military discipline bad nothing to do with the matter. Bands played where there were regiments stationed in country towns to amuse the people. Mr. HAMANE was not aware of that. Ie knew lEdin. burgh and Glasgow, and there was great complaint of the band playing in the barracks, as it led to people going to publi houes on a Sunday. Mr. WAYLAND atract delivererof theLondon Missionary Society, said hle delivered traets in Kensingtonigrdeng while the band was playing, and when the people left an the publichouBes about the Edgware-road and Ozfort-street were filled. Sir B. HArL aslked if Mr. Wayland could inform hid whether the police courts were more filled with cases of drunkenness on the Monday mornings after the band than on other Mondays? Mfr. WAYLum-D was not prepazed to say that. Sir B. HALL said the deputation not only objected to Kew-gardens, but to HMipton-court Palace, where as many as 20,000 persons enjoyed what he considered very innocent' recreation on a Sunday. They descr-oed the band in Kensington-gardens as contrary to the feelings of the peopla,* an.d yet while on ordinary occasions the largest s,umber of vistors to the gardens vras 7,000 or 8,000, on the. Sundays on wshich the band played they amounted to betwreen 70,000 Mr. WAYLIAND said it might be argued in the same Way,. why so many persons went in the winter on the ornamental waters of the parks to skate, and so miany thousands to look at them. Sir E HAL asked if they looked upon slkating on a Sunday as a deaecration of the Sabbath, and those who went into the parks to look at them as being participators in such desecration. tr. WAYM&ND said they certainly did look upon it aa Sir DE asked vhy they had not come and askedc him to pre=ventSunday slating in the public parls. Mr. Artsssu:saiditmnight not be pohcyto interfere with that which had been so long in existence, although it was certainly a desecration ofthe Lord's Day. He believed this was a labour question, and that, if the principle wan not checked, it -would lead to labour on the Lord's Day, as in Paris and other contientea cities. Several other members of the deputation addressed the right hon. baronet upon the snbject, one or two c6ntending that they had been dragged into questions on which they had not intended to touch; but they wished to exact apro. mise from him that, if they could not induce hin to stop the playng of the band in Kensiton-gardens on Sunday, he would do so if he should discover that it led to anything Sir B. HL^T: said he certainly ;thonght, weil giving the gentlemen of the deputation every credit for the puity of their motives, that for the same reasons nnon which they urged him to abolish the playing of the band in Kensngon. gardens on Sundays they ought to ask him to PUt down skating on Sundays in the parks If not it Klooked as if they desired him to wink at a desecration of the Sab. bath which already existed, bnt not to authori: that which they considered to 'be one. He had great plea. sure in seeing deputations, and in listening to their views, and considering them, and if he had, to use their ow;n phrase, " dragged them into subjects they had not intended to touch alon," he must remind them those subjects were relevant to the present question, and he was really desirous to know how far they 'vished him to go. With reference to Kew-gardens, he would at once say he would not do anything to close Kew-gardens on a Sunday, and, indeed, he felt mach pleased that he had extended the period of admission another hour; nor would he recommend it to be done with regard to Haampton-court, where, as the returns showed, from 15,0O0 to 20,000 persons availed themselves on Sundays during the season of innocent recreation. WVith reference to stopping the band playing in Een. sington-gardens, he would tel them that he would give no assurance that the band should not play. His object was solely to afford that which was innocent recreation for the public on the Lord's Day, and not to do anything which vwould lead to the desecration of it. If, therefore, he w to see that the good conduct which he had hitherto obbserved was departed from, and the proceedings ending ixn revelry, then he should considerhowfar itwould be his duty to advise that it should be stopped. The deputation then retired.
