DEATHS. On ToseLar the Ist inst. in Park-street. Grovcnor.square, Anne llrances, ehiril daug;hter of t,he late Fredlc. Reade, ESsq., of Portland. On the 2d inst.. at Coxhoe Hal3, Durham, 33aianne, secooddalghter ef Thomas and Isabedla Wood. On the 3d inst.. at ioyston, iss Crispin, in her Sith year. On the 3d inst., after several years of suffering, from .aravLs PoPberOtHen derson, sq, aged 63, hate of Upper Charlotteseet Fitzroy-square. Onthe4thinst.. at the houseofherrsother,atTottenhanm Sarah relict of Godfrey Fox, of Sheffield, Surgeon, I On the 5th inst.. at Chester, Wliimn Henry Massie, rectorof St 3f,r*s and minor caon of the Cathed in thatcity, fourth son of the lat4e Rev. It Mamsie. On the 6th inst.. Hidibeand Keith de Mfontmorency, the infant sOn ef Mr. Henry Price Meredith. On the 6th inst.. at the Oaks, Newport, Monrnouthshire, in the 55th year of his age. James Birch, Eq., of Newport, and of Cheddar, Smerset. - On the 7th inst.. at 2, Portland-p Higher Broughton, near NManchester, in her 2Sth year, Lydia, Sphia, the beloved wife of 3fr. j. p. liteains. On the 7th inst., at Eury St. rdmunds, Maary, widow of the late John South, }En., of Huntingdon. aged 85. Ont he th inst.. at his residence, Queen's-crescent, Reading, Richard 3Baconi, FeAq..aged H. On the 7th inst., atGreethara, nearOakhams, MattheILaxton, B., irged 63. On the Tth inst. at Snarestone Leicestershire. }Harrett, the beloved wife of the Rev. Spencer Fereivs. Powsy, aged 3L On the 7th inst., at Torquay, in her 70th year, Anne, widow of the late Rev. H. F. Lyte, of Berry ljeae, Brixhaim, andi only daughter of the Rev. WnL. Maxwell, DD., of Falkland, county Monaghan On the 7th inst.. at the Vicarage, Sileby, the Rev. John Dudley. in the 9ith rear of his age, for near.y 62 years vicar of Sileby and of Humberston. Beicestcrshi senior magistrateof the county; Second Wrangler and Mlathen ati Prizeman. 1755, Of Care Hail, Camlnridg ellown 3tSt elected by the University th Rea the Buchanan Sermon 1809. oubfised by requceto Author of "The Meininorphesis of Sons," OADiertation on the Rivers Nigere nd`2mele, tebaolovea "heo Anti-aJterisalst,r and variouf Ee3ayst. a3tyesr his parishionersr sented him with a handsome testinuonialof thidr respee and esteem, and his memoery will long be endeared to the inhabitants of the county^ fer his lberal aind active eer tions for thder benedt duringhis usefu On the Sth inst., at e74. Devonu the Rev. enreyeLey,aged 74, n- wards of t00 years reetor of that pansh,u iOn thle3 8t nt,ae eyaead1we,Jms h beloved child Of ton. James briler ofWhomasin,of evo 20,oSt.Mr'rond, Cnnu Rsq., sureon, in the Toth year oE his age. ' dSans Onthe8thinst., at74, Connaught-terrace, Hfyde- vark> John Thon Northamptonshire, in the t year of his age. of Brokhal, On the Sth inst., at 10, REckland-terrace, Plymouth, Frances Chartr, the beloved eldest daughter of Arthur and Mary Stewart, aged 1. On the moerning of the 8th inst., at Torquay. aged 39, Majrgart Matilda, eldest daughter of the late Sir AlbertPeill (one of his late. IMajesty's Justices of -he Court of Review), and the Ronv Lady -Pel On the 9th inst., in London, of apoplexy, in the 76th year of her age, e6ggy, widow of the late James Dewiurst, Esq., of Preston. Lately, at Brighten. 3isg WilbrahanM, of 16. Lowndes-street Belgraia. and eldest sister of the late George Wilbrahanm REq., of belamnere Hou., Cheshire.
u.ONEY-- R:KrKTnd OI'YINELLIGENCE. - ---------- ~ - - . WednedyTI1. 'Ihere has aganu been much agita+.oj to-day in the English funds, andconsolshava-fouched a point as low as that which they -cenhed in October, before any runour of peS negotiationa had been heard, and when the i?Oition of the Bank of England wa even less fa-rurable than at present. *The coeing quotation lMt ewying was 86, and they ope-aeti morning%tB ato 85. There was then afurtherdecline 38 iowed by a rally to 86k, and another rctief tt 84. Thelast officialprice was 86 but af egular hours more confidence Wm observable, and the final transactiona were at 86k, to I for money, and 861 for the 7th of February The heavy fall at the comn-ie ment of business was cause& by reports .f 4he peace negotiations having faihd, and the xmpmesmon thus created was not removed thrmog&ut the day. In well-informed quarters, ha;wever, it is believed that the communimtion stated to hve been already sent from St. P-Itersburg to Vienna is not intended as an answer to the proposities offered, but contains counter-piupositions, the fse of which the Russian Court are desirois to 'sscertain before the expiration of the tine for a final -reply. Pending these discussions, there would, of course, be a disposition to create an idea that, if concessions are not madle, the terms will be rejected. In the discount market to-ay a better stipply of money WatS temporarily created by the paymnent of the dividends. In the Stock-Exchange the rate on short loans is 5 per cent., and, till the 7th of February, 5S per cent. Bank Stock closed at 206 to 207 ; Reduced, 86i to J - New Three per Cents., S6 to J; Long Annuities,: ; Annuities, 1885,16k; Exchequer-bonds, 97 to i; andExchequer-bills, and India-bonds, 9s. to 4s. prentum. With the exception of Turkish, foreign securities were generally neglected. In the Six per Cents. transactions took place at 80, 79k, 8Q}, 79i, and 80, for money, and 80 for the account. The Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip was negotiated at 4k and i, and the final quotation was 4i to I, discount. BrazilianFour-and-a-Half per Cents., new, 911 and t; the Five per Cents., new, 97k; Dutch Two-anda-Half per CentS., 63; Spanish Three per Cent., NTew Deferred, 21l and i; Passive, 6; and Datch Four per Cent. Certif,icates, 94 and 9&. The corn-market this morning was again without alteration. T'he closing quotations of the French Three per Cents on the Paris Bourse this evening were 62f. 70c. for money, and 63f. for the end of the month, showing a further decline of an eighth in the former case, but no alteration in the latter. The mercantile letters from St. Petersburg today reach to the 1st of January, and scarcely harmonize with the subsequent telegraphic reports of the failure of the negotiations. The arrival of Baron Seebach, which had taken place two days previously, had been followed, it is said, by a great stir at the Palace, after which the counting-house of hI. Stieglitz, the Court banker, was thronged with high military personages, who were buying up the new loan and other funds and stocks with much eagerness. On 'Change, it is added, nothing was talked of but the chances of peace, and many of those who had been among the most despondenthad become quite sanguine. At the same time a story was in circuLation that an old ukase of the Empress Catherine had been discovered, proposing to make the Black Sea a commercial one, and that in consequence a limitation may be acceded to without acting in opposition to her views. Finally, it is remarked, " We have not had such a state of excitement for a long time, particularly as last week it was reported that the propositions made by the Austrian Ambassador were inadmissible." Annexed is an extract on the same subject, and also on the feeling which prevails as to the course the allied fleets may adopt in case the war should be continued: - " Yesterday, on 'Change, we had a conclave of the principal houses. All began to hope for peace; but none would act onthe strength of such hopes. MIany are restrained from operating on the spot who would otherwise do so by the fear lest in the prosecution of the war we should not be safe in this capitaL For my part, while allowing the possibility of such an event, I do not think we should get a sight of the gunboats here, even supl-osing the port were destroyed; for unless they went high up the river to Newsky, where the comr magazines are situated, the injury they would cause the Goveranent would be smnalL Private individuals would suffer heavily, and particularly the IEnglish, who mostly live on or near the banks of the river. It would be very disagreeable to be shelled out by our own countrymen; and I hope, if they do intend anything so uncivil, they will give us due warning. I think such a measure would only aggravate the feelings between the countries, unless they coud take complete possession of the capital; and, believing that to be excessively difficult, if not inipossible, I expect that in the event of war continuing the destruction of the port (Cronstadt) will be considered sufficient in this quarter. " ButI stIll thnk we have a fair chance of pence, for the moral verdict of Europe must and will have a powerful effect, and that something is at present in the wid no one here doubts." The commercial advices from New York this week contain nothing of much importance. The stockmarket had experienced a considerable improvement, owing to the accounts from this side of the 8th of December, stating the opening of the Austrian peace negotiations and an advance in Consols to 89k. A slight increase of specie in the New York hanks had likewise stinulated the tendency to firiness, but the speculators for a fail were endeavouring to a-ail themselves of the delay of the President's Message to circulate unfavourable reports of its contents. Erie Railway had risen to 51, Readingto93M,andfllinois CentralBonds to 81i. The seizure of the steamer Northern Light, with recruits for the invading force of General Walker in Nicaragua, constituted almost the sole topic-of attention. Some of the papers point out that when Walker left Caifornia it was in an armed schooner, with a body of armed men, " avowedly to wage war against country with which the United States were at peace," but that no steps were taken against him unt-il behad established himself. The present movement, therefore, is alleged by the opponents of the Administration to be intended only to create an impression in Europe of an impartial determination to naintainmeutrdityin all quarters. According to a statemes±t in the Neto York- Trbune, Walker, on his first occupation of the City of Grenada, in Nicaraoua, " seized 40 or 50 of the principal heads of families, and then notified General Corral, in.ooommand of the native forces, that unless he surrendered unconditionaUly they should be put to death-' iCorral submitted at the moment, but subsequently wsrote letters, or was asserted to have written them,surging the people to resisance. Upon this Walker " shot him offhand," against the entrealy, itis said " of aR classes and semes, backed by the appemilsof the whole dergy." Irmmediately after these esats Walker is statedto have intimated to a large nui}ler of the inhabitants, whosought to ascerta-if tit'-ymight safely renmin, that they were athlberty .kdo.asithey pleased, but that if they should be implic;taed in ;any correspondnee against him he would tivt e nem in the same manner. Meanwhile it was; rusieatood that large nunbers were on their wayfro. oC9lalfQ nia andotherparts of theUnited States to join hisateadard, as well as that of Colonel Klinney on the' oqnite side, and, as it was assumed that the two lesP4 i&rs'`:fully understand each other in ruling the coun t'y," ut was believedthey would have ample power to .usinin themselves. At the same time, however, th ene*bouring States of Guatemala and Costa Rica. weig their liability to similar inlcursion1s, wvere . tI g armies, either with a viewv to t'he expulsit nr e£ the Ainericans-or, as it. may be hoped, since s'Je xmult of any other course would pr6issbly prove' f.te.l-only as a measure of immediate defence. The course of exdean -ge i; New York on London for bills at 60 days' sigh' is; k981 percent., and, the par of ex=nge between V,xghL;d &nderica bein 109 234k per cent., it fo. 1owxthat the exchange-is nominally 0.83 per cent. -2gsEn gland-; but, after makn allowance for aLm s of transport and difference of interest, the y)ret rate leaves no profit onthe ransmiion of gQ.idehOrway between the two eonntries ' The following letter from Mexko gives a full description of the .disheartening ' psition of that country., The new Government apyea to be as incompetent tasany of their-predecessos, znd,although 6ithre-ad toth cbatrge thattlhyare doingnothing to.flfil theaproinises of reformwhich -'irought them, into -po+er,- it is to be remarked that, they haveendeavoured:to reduce the-excessive inifllence of the churbli and the army, -while they also. ..coutelnplate -a reduction ofitba tariff, their proc.odings, from- being chiaractriz.iby.a aat ofca'4itioii, harmony, and -disinterestedness, are- likely to !have no result other-than the,sual one-i-allevolutin ps -of provoking a violent reaction:.-. "-Mfexi -ontinules in~tisnet unsettled and disturbed state, and!I am serry to .4ddthere seems to- be no -present:Iiance of improvement. Trhe Radical part, which is flow i,n pPr, ha F9hite nither taent nor sEil,iw vvsi I. t ftMOTnh sense-of-propriety- in the mansgement of-publiC bitis- consequently, far from gaining popularity, they,a_ daily losing grolund, and the general beief i they will be up,et ore long,. Instead of setting to work at once to carry out various reforns more or lets important which fozxpe! i very essential part of their programnme, the Pu0r jaadicais) hve chiefly &lected their attention to 'tthe gfood plb and have m6st unceremoniously tP<ed out a host of civil officers in order to distrib4t theloaves anld fishes among themselves. In- spite Of.+,e great ountcry raisedbythem about liberty andjpeySfal wtees, &o., they have proved toebeabout as -TPt an espotic as the very tyrant they wvere so eager oust The Governors of the different-1 States harc in their turn relapsed intothe good oldfaslln of actirt the pat of so many petty Sovereigns, and ouch of ibei, in his hittle realm, seems to set the whole ow6rld at "Although a decree has been published to convoke a General Congress, it is feared that some fresh outbreak will Eet aside the whole present scheme, and that the Plan of Ayutla vill son be out of date. Certain it is that General Alvartz andhis Cabinet are extremely unpopular, and that their rivals are very busy conspiring agamst them. Com plete stagnation in business, as well as much mnisery, are the jnaturalconsequences, and nothing can exceed the general discontent. Bt, asif intent-upon rendering their position still more difficult, the present Cabinet have picked a quarrel with the Archbishop and the whole clergy, and, conse| quently, with the immense majority of the nation, who are eminently devout and even fanatical. The origin of that disareement is a new law recently published relative to the admnistration of justice, which curtailsthe authority of the church in various matters, and abolishes privileges enjoyed ! by the clergy and by the army. The Archbishop, an old and venerable man, much looked up to by the people, and possessing great firnmess of character, has raised the gauntlet, and issued orders to all the ecclesiastical tribunals, &c., to disregard the new law, anid not to deliver up any documents. It is understood that the Government has an eye to the seizura of the church property, and that the above law is but the preliminary of other and stronger measures. The. result of all this remains to be seen; but, if the clergy make up their minds to resist the civil authorities, and to throw- mte the balance all the weight of their influence, it is to be prestumed they will obtain an easy victory in a country w hich is ualtra-Catholic. The Government are considered to be the more wieakc, becauase the main p rep of the Cabinet, Comonfort, cannot agree with his col- leges whose notions and principles clash with his own. With regard to British interests, some sensation was created a few days since by a violent attck on the British convention, pulblished bSy n Jr.Payno, ex-Minister of Finance, and whose name iS familiar to the bondholders in England. By means of artificeandmisrepresenttion, Mr. Payno seeks to prove that the convention is very onerous to the Government, tc., whereas the mercantile world is persuaded of the contrary; but the agents for that fund have justpublished a reply which will probably reduce Mr. Payno to aslute silence by the force of figures and authentic documentswhich they bring forwird. Itissaidthatthe present Minister of Finance, whoisanintihatefriendef Mr.Payno's, has induced the latter to attack the foreign conventions, in order to pave the way for fresh negotiations with the different Govemnmentsvwith aview toput off payment, which isthe beau ideal of Mexican diplomacy; but however anxious they ma beto do so, as regards Her Majesty's Government they wil find in Mr. Iettsom a match for them. "A new tariff iS now being fiamed upon a more liberal basis, and is expeced to be published soon ; but-the question is howlong it may remain i force, and whether a few months later a fresh alteration may not thwart all mercantile calculation, as has been the case with regard to the admission of 15 per cent, of the import duties in bonds of the interior debt! In the latter case the decree was issued by the Government of Santa Anna, and was to have been in force for a year, but the phresent Government have thought proper to repeal it, and thus a new. ground of complaint has arisen to be taken up by the foreirn Ministers. "Miuch sati.sfaction was generally felt here on the fall o' Sebastopol, and the event was celebrated by the French4 English, and Sardinian residents with a banquet and general illumimation." At a meeting of the Colonial Bank, held to-day, Mr. Marryat presiding, the dividend declared was at the rate of 5 per cent., free from income-tax; and the report was unanimously adopted. It was stated that the progress of business continues satisfactory, and that the profits lately realized have exceeded those of any peliod since 1848. Owing to technical difficulties, the renewal of the charter has been temporarily delayed, but there is every expectation it will be shortly accomplished. With regard to future prospects, they are considered encouraging, especially as operations during the last few years have steadily increased, and 90 per cent. of the origina3 capital, notwithstanding former large losses, remains intact. Annexed are the report and accounts:- "The directors have pleasure in being able to state that the accounts of the half-year just ended, so far as they have come to hand, fully warrant the expectation that, when complete, they will exhibit as favourable results as those of the corresponding half of 1854 They consequently recommend that, out of the profits of thie halsf-year ending the 30th of June, 1855, which, after making provision for doubtful current transactions and for income-tax;, anmuant to 21,086. 2s. lid., a dividend be declared of 21 per cent. (being at the rate of 5 per cent. per annum), on the paid-up capital of the corporation, which will require 12,500., leaving 8,58Gl. 2s. lId. to be added to the fund to meet had debts, whereby it will be increased to 159,711 6d. On the subject of the charter, the directors have to state that, in order to surmount certain legal technicalities which stand in the wvay of its simple renewal, they are advised that it will be necesssry to apply to the Legislature. The preliminary notice has been given, and the directors confidently expect that at the next -half-yearly meeting they shall be able to report that the necessary powers have been obtained. "The following is the statement of the debts and assets of the corporation on the 30thofJune,155, -which also exlubits the profit made during the half-year ending at that period, viz. - Drnrs. ~£. s.d. Circulation .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 237,213 0 0 Deposits and other liabilities .1,145623 19 11 Paid-up capital. 5.00D0 0 0 Fhud toemeetbaddebta. .1525 9 7 Profit. 21,056 2 n £2,025,018 12 5 Assmss -. I d. Specie . .. .. .. .. .. .. .. 292,s03 1 4 Due tothe Bank in the colonies$ on bills discounted and purchased, including those past due .. 08A.707 4 n Due to the Bank in the colonies on cash credits and current accounts .. . . . . . . . . 107,706 10 10 Due to the Bank in London on bills remitted, cash at Bankers, ta. . 8,374 3 7 ank premises and furnite in hondon and the colonies .7.457 n 9 £2,025,045 12 5"
CORYL IWADE. OORN-EXCEAWGB W -EDDAY JAX. 9. Thervalsbave bcem Liuited, and consequently tlie trade isqet, withorutmich alteration i pricesa Most descrptions oomu dfooer quotato',i but in no casehavethe operations been extenive. . I i ~~DUBDLIN. J&AR. S. tbstanhina small sUPxlYou 0m DSkCt to-daywas very slow, bues ofnn PhfrervAlonsta the wants ofthe moment. ~wbeca an3dCAt waerratherat,-the currendes ofE'riday l5st,but baley ofall (Iuallteg vvX 6d. ihaper. Indian comn difLhiclt of tale, at about our, .J DN = T BAITic G(soATs.-An order has bein recived by the Coadguard authorities here to send up to headnquarterseate men of the Coatnard under. 50 yearsof age. The men in this force, especially on our northern, shore, are admirable and generally fearless Loaimen, sind well acquainted with nadgaing email craft os s~dangerons coast; and there can be odoubt tat t ieir sierwiees wrill be most nseful on board the fleet of gunboat which is belngprepared against theaprnug campaign in th~ Baltic. 2lie place af the men withdrawn will be supplhe4 by ¢Xt~ mien engaged in the &cs-Banffhirc JQzcrfle.
TnM MAs.-SOUrMMArioN, Jan. 9.-The-Royal. Mail Company's steamiship Tamiar, Captain Bevis, sailed thi ateroo wih heInothy mil fr Buenos Ayres, Montevideo, Bahia, PernanbucoD, Rio Janeiro, Matdeira, St. Vincent!s, Lisbon, &c. There are on board 94 passenIgr,among whoia are Lord H. Cholmnondeley, Vicomnte de I-emmonte and lady, Dr. Cullerd, and five Sisters of Mercy, for Buenos Ayres, &c., andl on freight 12,O000. value in spce l 6.0001. ditto in jewelry, and a full general cargo 'The Tay, Captaina Sawyer, vdth the homeward Brazilian mails, is due en the 16th inst. The Farana, Captain Ellion s pepaingto convey the West India ana Pacific iml ' e17th inst. The Plata, Captain Weller, with the homeward portion of the West Indiai and Pacific mails, is expected about the 14th' inst. The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steanmer Madrid, Captain Cool; with the Pleninsular mail, is expected on or about the same day. The Sualtan, Captain R. W. Evans, will leave with the outward portion of thelPeninsular mail on the 17th ins-t. The Ruxine, Captain Joy, will:leave on the 20th inst. for Alexandria, wit, the ndia and Medliterraneau n mais. The Alma, Captai-a Burney, with the homeward Iluia and Mediterrafiean mails, ise-xpected onor aboutthe 21st. The M-nila will leave on t-he 23d inst. for Constantinople and Balaklava, with cag,&D. Tim Rov.AM H AxEas Soci=n.-At a general court of the Roa Humane Sociey held yesterday, Mr. B. B. Cabbell, V.P., in -the chair, silver medals and thanlks on vellum were awarded to the foliowinugpers.ons, -who had exhibited gret courage and risked their lives ink saving othersfrom being drowned.-Aldermnan John Hal, aged 71, who saved John Bindley on the 13th of July, 1355, in the River Tame, Taniworth ; Robert Mason, junn, age-d 37, who saved Alfred Brasaer on the 13th of July-Tu-mb Bay, near Gulldford; Captain W. J. Pengelle Ro4 Marines, and Her Majesty's ship Colossus, and MEr. ii W. B. .Portm&n, mnidshipman, of the same vessel, who saved HarTdy M'Hrd naval cadet of the same vessel, on the lst of July., 18-55-Baro Sound, Baltic ; WTilliam Wilkes ju (atter), 'who saved Mary Ann Smith on the29h f July, 1855--river Severn, Worcester - Oliver Dobbin, cashier, lank of Ireland, who saved Idichael on the 4th of .August, 1855-Bay of Galway; George Galaghler', boatswain's mnate, Her Majestys ship Bunzard, w'ho saved abo belonging to Hfer Majesty'~s ship Bnuzard en -the 24th o~f uly, I 55, off Greytown, Gulf of Mexico ; Commander J. K. Woodrif R.N., 65, Admiraly agent, who saved 7a seaman at Gibraltar on the 4th of September, 1855; .'Mr. Charles F. Walker, midshipmn Her Maiesty' shi Lno,wosvd Richard Cls ..L., er ajetWs shijp London, on the 16th of September, 185, off Sebastopol; Samuel Welch, A.B., Her Majesty's gunboat Snapper, 'who saved M1r. T. Foal, boatswain, of the same vessel, on the 1st ~of October, 185, off ?Vargen, B3altic; lr. John C.~ W. Ellis, 23k tundergraduate of Sidney College, 'who saved MLr. Peter. IClarh, ianderg-'raduate of the sae college,on thellth ef-Kovember, 18o-0 avrCan,4 near ottshi -loclr, Caznxirdge. SRAXUrX REABIGs.--On Tnesday evenMing last Mrs. Chatterley, a May well known in dramatic circles, entertaineda numlerous iaidiciace wt a series of reading from Sha spearii'§ delightful- conied_y of Miidth Ado about .ibtdg, at-the Town-halL. The qalfications for such a task are. obviously viosandferwidely fromn nere bistrionic ability; an-- i,teeoe but due -to Mms Chatterley to saythtseacutdlrsf to perfeetion. End=oed wih 1 is2 mia jugent, a-poetic~al ten-_ erntt, a ric flxbeoce naue penetration,she brouglt, ouEt xi5iotMiy soiyme. ofthe ialient and ost dmiedpontlai te p et eqIsit composi. tion -The eloc-utin wa eohpasewildistiuntrt. eulaiZ endrdevraor hered red lea iudible;* and both these qaiiscmie materially ehaced the favourable imprsonsh- produced. She, prefaced her sejectinns by a- very prettily spoken andl brilliant rE*itm6 orf the ' eniusof Shakspeare as developed hi the
THE EASr INDLAN DIRECTI0Y. -- TO 'XE -J TOE Or wB - .a . ' ' Sir.-I trust -:tott will consider t-he imporlaise- ofi occasion as jusinfymg C M n aig a brief:aein sot columnhsfor tfi)Upce .e d n the on fm -: fellow-jrojrietors of East ldindStickto the momentous crisisintheiraias which hsnow tdgple mnd which mnay otherIe poTbltps thesLereeded ysme, gan : notfuDyorproperlyappredbythers The a¶orit I w14e say, surprsed to lea4talk of a 6 c eection -- dhfcttos as about to take place-on the 9th of April ne- csoned bywhat theyhave been hitherto acsoed to' ~rdasamere m atter of formal arrangemenlt in leaden- n tfhe outgoig of a ertain number of directore "in rotation. " They recollect that in old timeslthey wrere wont to nominate 30indMvdwds as directors, of ewriosa 24 enly acted at once, according to some roster with wich tey had no concernu; and that the death or resignation oC one of the -3D was the only occasion on which the'were called on to exercise their elective franchise; an now, having probably given little consideration to the novel duntiesi3nposed on them by the act of 183, theymay, ifnotforbyand stronglarousedtoasenscof their new positionanditsponsibilities, be indued tobelievethat, as of yore, they have simplyandproform4toreturm "five members going out by rotation." Such is not the case. The object of the late act was "the better government oe India; n and, as a means thereto, it providedthat the Court. of Directors should .be literaly nd m bsolutelyreduedto(,. 18, of which number only, be- it remembered, it at thig; moment consists, there beimg none "out by rotation," orwith any claim to come in thereby and that of the 18,. ei should be eventually nominated by the Crown, and 12 returned by the proprietors as their representatives in this new Council of India. I thr s instance, however, the then Court was allowed, prior to it& dissolution, to select 15 of their number to form the newbody, dividing them at the same time into three classes of five each, one to vacate in April, 1856, and the others in April, 1858 and 1860 respectively, axpon which occasions the. proprietors should be prnvileged to elect five duly qualifiet representatives -thus, in effect, assimilating the relations of' the pr-oprietors and their elected representatives to thosesubsisting between the members of the Gommonf Houseandt. their constituents. The intentions of the measure were obvious and unristak-eable. The Court, as existing, was deemed unnecessarilylarge, aud was reduced; and, with a view to maintain it ixx a state of health and vigour, certain periodical opportufiitiem were created for infusing new and nmproved material, forremoving incapacity or infirmity, and, in short, for brinn the judgment of the proprietors, and through them, of the British public generally, to bear on the Court of Directors; by bringing the whole gradually under scrutinyonce in every, sis years Under this system, the five gentlemen dedi2uate& by the old Court as the ri't tto quit the new bodywill, om. the 9th of April next, cease to be members of the Court_ They wil not, as heretofore, remain virtually directorr, out. by rotation, but will have, and ought to have, nomorecon-- nexion with the Court than any other proprietor of a qualifying ;amountof stocl. They are, it is true, eligible for re-election, but I would earnestly beg the proprietors it they should re-elect all, or anv of them, to make it veryplain that they do not do so as matter of right or custom by reason of their having already served in the Court, : would conjure my fellow-proprietors, as they value their own, Iprivileges, as they respect their own duties-and Iwoul& fain hope that witlh the majority the latter motive mayhave the greaber weight-to consider well and pause erc tey virtully abdicate the solemn trust reposed in them by the Leislature, and cast away forever the only meas left t4 them for influencing forgood the governlment, and consequently the happiness ormisery, of the millions to whose lahours they are indebtedi for their dividends. I would exhort them to tal;e a higher~ wider, and nobler view of the question than is presented bythe mere mercantile considemtion how the value of stock may be affected by the fact of the proprietors having a real or only nominal power of election, and, alowtheir con- smences to cletermnme wnRether they aro -ustified byany motives of rersonal indolence, convenience, mat2rest, or feeling, in supinely foregoing the free exercisoe of their judgment on this koccasion. One thinglet me tell them-the nation vill not allow therm. to do so with ilunity; it will not permit them to shield: themselves behind an antiquated custom, and to say -we bad no option; the members of the old Court were virtuallyelected for life, and therefore those of the new must be so likewise. Tae voice of the public will say, and say loudlyand justly-" It was because manifest evils grew out of that. custom that we determined to abolish it, and committed to, you the means of so doing; you have neglected to employthem-as it were, defied us, and done all in your power toperpetuate the evil; you are unworthy of the trust you declined to exercise; we wM take it from you, and depositi it in hands willig to fulfil it." Mdy fellow-proprietors may rest assured that the public will expect the five members whom they elect, on the 9th of April, as members of the Court for the next six years, to be~ the five fittest men within their power to return It was. this end, and not the enactment of a solemn farce in Leadenhall-street, which Parliament had in view; and if any-voaitr obt thee eediency of the measure, the must, ~~ro~rietorsdou xpet Ithik, be removed by the conduct of the present Court inendeavouring-for it is vain to deny that they are endeaTouming-as individuals to uphold the old and rotten, system. Those not immediately affected by the next turn- out might indeed be willing to allow the healthy operation. of the measure to come into plavon those whom they themselves havejoined in designating as the first who it was. expedient should be ejected from the Court; but they can-- not forget that their own tun is to come, and that on this; first occasion the new law must be enforced or annulled; that the question of the coming election is, nowinallyU. whether A, A3 C, D, and E shal be re-elected, but, reaUy, whether they and their associates, from F to O, shall be forlife directors of the East India Company, the intention of the Legislature and the interests of India notwithstanding. My fellow-proprietors will see that I speak plainly. I dci so because it is of vital importance that they should under-. stand correctly, in order that they should act wisely. let, them look into the matter for themselves, and they will fnd that I have spoken truly in thus laying before them theirposition and its duties, together with the consequences of neglecting them. I would exhort them to be up and doing, ere it be too late; to suffer no one by arguments, howeverspecious, to blind them to the actual facts of the case, or induce them to believe that they will ever be able to exercisetheir rights unless at the coming election they assert them by returning one or more of those new candidates who maycome forward properlyqualified. The return of the timeexpired members, according to old custom, will be tak-en as: an unequivocal declaration that the proprietors have readopted that system and refused the freedom offered to. them, and it will not be long ere the spirit of the age, impatient of all that clogs and frustrates its desire for im-- provement, takes from their self-paral3zed hands the: powers they decline to wield for the public good, and proideforitsexercisewithvigour, im talty, discrimination, and iustice. Inmconcusion,Ietme disclaim allprsonal reflection on any of the outgoing gentlemen, or any wish to designateone or more in particular as not deserving re-election. I would only say that the proprietors are bound to take are, that if among themthere be any nmfitted by age, want oPt Indian experience, engagement in private business, indolent. habits, unsuitable temper, or other disqualifying cause, now or never is the time to get ridof them, and to replace, them by men possessing the qualities evidently necessary. On this occasion, umcertainty as to whether the proprietors; wi do their duty or not wil probably prevent many desirable candidates from coming forward; but only let them, do it now, and every two years I will undertake to say that-. such variety of fixat-rate talent will be theirs to select froma. that they will htave no dificulty in forming, in conjunction with the Crown, a Court to wInch they and the nation can; point withprideasafittingmachinefor the government of; a mighty empire. I have the honour to be. Sir. Tour obedient esrer nt A PROPRIPTOR OFEA A TWT?MA RTAr . London, Jan. 9.
COOKERY 17 THE CRIMEA. - TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-In a very interebsting letter, dated December 4, frnn, your Crimean correspondent, in which he dilates upo the present comfort and sannitary sntatwe odfthe troops, hepverymotlre vlabl ftheycoud hanke and r'oast swsell as boll and stew. This they willdo after atime, and no dob btth'is those ordered by Government for the Cam a gt Adr enecof the manufacturers, hiessrs.SihadPilp,o Skinner-street, Snow-hill, I n inst thoseg mnen to go there and personallyshwteuhotes ha can be done with themn in the rarious of cookery; The Crimean ones ill do exactly the'sue,but to avodi confuion onlyriiak us -ofoe apartu, in which ostin- andbolg c be easily car oedout by the sioldiers. wit tei rations, and3my receipts, severa1of whic'h y have honoured me by giving publicity io in your valuabl.1 colums; and the bil of fare lassor YOU, is quiteD SuffCient-. for the present to gratify the palates of our muodern heroes, some of whom, I have no doubt, t;hrough their disEngnished' feats of arms, will, sometime o_ * ther,dese the "cordoi_ rong~ theOrde of he Bth hvingpreviously beans With the highest consideration, _ have the honour to re- A. SOYERZ, General Hospital, Scutari, D Sl, 1855. P.S. The sma stoves ltely ordered by )llss Nightin uapon 17 recommendation, from Glaszgow, and notie r y aunble joura,atrvist m{ht lady and m elF esablsmns andw dhmilemdealhe -- render them as comnfortalile a5 any general hospital.'nd A. S.
1TO IME EDITOR OF THE 22VES. I. Sir,-If the author of the Iettei hi 1?e Timc? of to.da'r "A Physician," will refer to the L?cc? of Saturda?1ast? January ?, lie will ?nd the following ?iotio? repectingthounfortunate Mr. Pabuer. I have the honourto beSfr. vonroh?j?. ? -A -1.T)T('AT. R . yesmniner :Lospital, Jan. 9. - "TIM RUGELEY POISOlmG. - Ieply to aeveralcorrespondentse r:ngW - Talme ,, the e~nae~4~ themre,biga n -~~~~~~~~~~~D qulfe rciinr er sony ovt fmder- 310N=s M PxURAST.-Dr. Hlale, being Presnt Z tn the " PlurAity of Worlds" formed the subjoct of couveration, -i said to hare shed trs -seuie 'ant a living kin.e&c.w-~~urxh
TEE AMY IN THE ORISEA. WAR DEPARTMENT, J-Nf. 9. Mom thxe Supplement to the London Gazette of Tuesday, Jaauuy 8-Wednesdas. Jan. 9.? Lord 'anmmure has this day received two deapatches, of which the follofiing are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir Wfilliam Codrington, K.C.B., and Lieutenant-General Tivian:- "SEBASTOPOL, DzEc. 27. "3y- Lor,-Your Lordship has .referred in several despatches to dzunkenness in this army. Iteportsof all sorts seem to have been cirmlated, .Etatements read, descriptions made, until it was zpparently: believed that this army was composed cf drunkards, and iummersed in riot and-vice. "I took the opportunity of expressing myself :strongly to your Lordship that this would prove not -do he the truth. "I now state, in confirmation of this opinion, -that returns are in my possession from every regi.- 3nent of all cases of drunkenness tried by courtanartial, as well as those settled at the regimental -orderly rooms, for three months.* It was during ithis tine that arrears of field allowance, more thi 21. each man, were received as back pay, besides *10,000 men receiving, additional working pay; and yet the result is that, including artillery, sappers, and infantry, the number of crimes of drunlenness gand these are many more than the men drunk) is a ]xttle above one man in two days per company, -estimated at 100 men. " No doubt there are many facilities in all these .open and crowded camps for drunken men to get in without being seen. They do so, and escape -observation. But, suppose we double ortreble the :amount of these numbers-which are taken from 'official returns--I uspect the army wiU bear a 'comparison with many towns, many villages, many -populations of Great 33ritain. "It iseasyto give-it is as easyto read-amninute, za Iludicrouls, or even affithy description of a drunken Tanan, and it seems seized upon as the type of the -whole. The fathers and mothers, and wives and sisters in England are fullypersuadedwe do nothing ibut drink, and the good character of the army is :itorgotten in a few sketches from natuire. "That'such need not be the case with those who Xnov anything about the matter will, I think, be proved by the statement now made to your Lord~ship. ' I have, &c., seW. J. CODRINGTON, General Commanding. "Tlhe Lsord Fanmure, &c." "HEAD-QUARTERS, KERTCA DEc. 21. Dry Lord,-I have with much regret to report to you the death of Captain R. S. Sherwood, of the .cavalry of this force. " This officer was engagged inia skirmish, that took :place on the 16th inst. between a detachment of -our cavalry and a party of Russian cavalry; his ogallantry in this affair was most conspicuous, as is reported to me by the officer who commanded the .detachment. Captain Sherwood was severely wounded, and was carried off by the Russians; and, as I have since learnt, died on the 19th from his -wounds. "I deplore his loss, for he was an intelligent and -verypromising young officer. " I have reason to believe that the treatment he -received from the Russians was most humane and <considerate. "I have, &e., " R. J. H. VIVIAN "Lieutenant-General, Commandina Turkish " Contingent. "The Right Hon. the Secretary of State, War " Department." For September, October, and November. GENERAL ORDERS. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 25, 1855. No. L The following officers have joined the staffof this mnmy .-l3edical Staff-Dispenser Massie Lloyd Poad, 21st -of December; Second-class StaffSurgeon 'W. J. Hoskin, Assistant Staff Surgeons H. R. Dew and William Carte, Acting Assistant-SurgeonJ 0. Knipe, 23d of December. Assistant-Surgeon John Meane, 31st Foot, is appointed Assistant-Surgeon to the Forces.-Dated November 30, asis. No. 2. The attention of General Officers commanding -divisions is called to the state of animals attached from the land Transport Corps to head-quarters and hospitals of zregiments, in order that they may be properly stabled, fed, .-and taken care of, and that they may not be employed for purposes for which they are not intended. For the future 'these animals will be under the supervision of the Assistant Quartermaster-General, who will report their number and -condition weekly to the General Officer commanding the -division, and will muster them each month, reporting as to ,their efficiency or otherwise. These animals are not to be -eplaced without a board of inquiry. No. 3. Colonel Lawrence, C.B., Second Battalion, Rifle Brigade, will take command of the Second Brigade, Second .Division, with the rank and pay of Brigadier-General until Her Majesty's pleasure is known. No. 4. The Field-MTarshal Commanding-in-Chief has been ,pleased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of amedical boards, to Colonel Denny, 71st Regiment, to the 30th of April; to Lieutenant-Colonel Kelly, 31st Regiment, -to the 29th of February; to Paymaster Webster, 72d Regi=ent, to the 14th'of January; and, for the recovery of their lhealth, to Lieutenant-Colonel Sadlier, 4th Regiment, to the -26th of December, 1855; and to Lieutenant and Adjutant Blake, 18th Regiment, to the 24th of January. No. 5. Leave of absence is granted, on urgent private affairs, to Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Strange, Royal Artil3Iery, to the 29th of February. No. 6. The following officers, being in command of troops ,or companies, may draw field allowance and forage as Cap-tains :-Lientenants HL Vhite, Ist Battalion, 1st Regiment, from the 10th of December; Hon. S. Ward, 72d Regiment, Trom the 16th of December; Maclean and Vivian, 13th i'ght Dragoons, from the 8th of December, 1855. No. 7. No. 1,520, Sergeant James Mall, 1st Battalion, 1st eoginment, is appointed Clerk in the Commandant's-office at hbead-quarters, at Is. 6d. a-day, vice Sergeant Sutart, 1st Xegiment, from this date. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 26. No. L With reference to General Order No. 4, of Decem%ber 17, General Officers commanding divisions will be good -enough to cause stone to be collected along the portions of the pulblic roads allotted to their divisions, ready to put -uron it when the weather breaks. No. 2. The following appointments to the Land Transport -'Corps are made until Her Majesty's pleasure is known - To be Comets-Troop Sergeant-Major W. Pearce, Land 'Transport Corps; Quartermaster-Sergeant T. H. Rean, land Transport Corps; Sergeant H. Clarke, 90th Regi. -ment. No. 3. Leave of absence is granted, at the recommenda. -tion of a medical boaTd, to Lieutenant C. Clarkson, 30th BeOViment;Ensign T. Dunne, 55thRegiment; First-lassStaf -Surgeon Denny-to proceed to England; on arrival they will report themselves to the Adjutant-General. On medi'cal certificate, to Lieutenant C. Willis, 33d Regiment, to the 10th of January, 1856-to proceed to the Monastery; -and, oD urgent private affairs, to Captain J. B. Boyd, 17th lRegiment, to the 29th of February. No. 4. Medical boards will assemble to inquire into the state of health of Brevet-Major J. 1owndes, 47th Regiment; Lieutenant 0. De lancey, 47th Regiment; Lieutenant A. :Ferguson, 72d Regiment; Ensign G. Hutchins, 18th Regiment. The principalmiedical officer will be pleased to give Ihe necessary directions. By order, C. A. WBT'DHA3, Chief of the Staff. HIead-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 27, 1855. No. 1. The regimental promotions and appointments, ipublished by authority in the London Gazect of the 7th of 3)ecember, wll take effect in this army from their respective date3. No. 2. The following offiers have joined the staffof this army :-The Rev. W. Ferguson, officiating chaplain, froir, the 1Ith of December. Medical Staff-Second-ca Staff surgeons Poole and Gorridge, Acting Assistant Staff SurPeons Nersonme and Berasford, from the 17th of December; WUtclamss Staff Surgeon Iangley, Second-clss ditto Jackson and Rutherford, Acting Assistant-Surgeon Jenins, from the 18th of December, 1855. - N4o. 3. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been Iileased to grant leave of absence, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Comet and Adjutant J. Yates, l1th -USSa-M, to the 17th of Februay; and, on private affairs, to 3Major Knox, 21st Rlegnt, to the Ist of January. No. 4. The following letter Ia= been received from tho War-office; and the offieer commanding theoyal Artillery -wil be pleased to be guided by the itruction contained -therein respecting the medo in which staff pay is to be. drawn after the lst of January, 1856:- "War-office, Nov. 24. "Sir,-I havethe honour, by direction of the Sretary of StateforWar,torequestyou will giveinstructio6a that from the 1st of Januaaex orse awoenatterms possible, the nazaes of all artillery officers serving on the saff it tLp station un,er your commnd, and or pewns employed i their offieei, maybe included in the t,wo onthy staff rethis sent to tls department; said, further. tat you will grant your warra; for the lme of their staf pay and contingent exp s fr.m the comnmissariat chest, as in thsn case of the general staff. , -" B. HAW3S. " To the General O&feef comrading Her Mfajesty's Troops." No.5. sn accordance with instructions of the Secretary of State for War, commencing on the Ist of January next, the commissariat officer attached tohead-quarters, Aeistant Commissary-General Carpenter, will make all payments connected with the general and medical stf a thearmyin the Crimei, and dep8ts on the shores of the Black Sea:viz, staff pay and field allowance, interpreters, assistant provost-marshals, police, and all persons whose payis chargeable to the War-office (except regimental services and working parties), contingent accounts, travelling expenses, and compensation for losses. This officer will also recover and settle contributions for rmessing on board sbip and income duty from officers and others of the general and medical staff. Deputy Assistant-Commissary-General Swain wi perform these duties at Scut3ri, including Abydos and llenlhoi, by means of draughts upon the commissariat chest at the Diardanelles, and Assistant-Commissary-General Watt wil undertake the duties at Smyrna. No. 6. The rations for which the soldier has dedactions made from his pay rre as follows :-Biscuit Ub., or brcad l lb. fresh or salt meat Ub., 31d.; coffee loz., or tea Foz., and sugar loz., ld.-total, 4Ad. Every single article besides, now so liberally suippied to the troops, including rmm, is a free gift from the Government. In future only ioz. of sugar wM Ibe added as a gift to the briakfast ration, making-the issue 2cz. per man. The issue of the whole of the remaining articles wi continue as usual, but subject to the supplies obtainable, and the opinion of the Commander of the Forces. ILime-juice and extra sugar are given for the health of the troops three times a-week, and ordered to be mixed with the ram. Company and orderly officers must see that this is duly carried out. Officers wilt also ascertain that the rice is properly cooked with the meat ration, otherwise the issue of rice will be discontinued. In future men in hospital will not have rations drawn for them by their regiments; they will be rationed with their companies on the day of their entering the hospital, and be dieted by the hospital on the day of their leaving it. The regimental surgeons will draw fromn the comnmissariat officers of their division\such part only of tho ratiou and other things srpplied as they think necessary for the ase of the sick. No. 7. Brigadier-General Lawrenson has been appointed to take command of the Cavalry Division during the absence of Lieutenant-General Sir J. Yorke Scarlett, KC.B., from the 17th of December, 1855. No. 8. ColonelPole, 12th Lancers, will take command of the ist Brigade Cavalry Division from the 17th of December, 1855. No. 9. Lieutenant J. Swindley, 12th Lancers, has rbeen appointed to act as Aide-de-camup to Colonel Pole, 12th Lancers, commanding 1st Brigade Cavalry Division, with the usual pay and allowances from the 17th of December, 1855. No. 10. Lieutenant Pearse, Royal Artillery, having been appointed Acting Quartermaster to the field batteries, &., under the command of Lieutenant-Colonel Taylor, may draw pay and allowances accordingly.-Dated December 21, 1855. lNo. 1L Captain Davis, R.A., will superintend, for the whole of the Artillery, the issue of all stores coming from the Ordnance Storekeeper at Balaklava, for which duty he will receive an allowance of 5s. per diem. No. 2 Captain Hall, 4th Regiment, having been employed on special sarvice in charge of Russian prisoners, may draw the pay of Deputy-Assistant-Adjutant-General from the Ist of March to the 22d of June, 1855. No. 13. Ieave of absence is granted, at the recommendation of a medical board, to Captain Clayhills, 93d Regimentto proceed to England; on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-GeneraL On medical certificates, in extension, to Captain Piper, 46th Regiment, to 31st of December, 1855; to Lieutenant Haydock, 90th Regiment, to 15th January, 1858; to Second-class Staff Surgeon Rhys, to 27th December, 1855-to remain at Scutari; and, on urgent private afairs, to Lieutenant-General the Hon. Sir J. Yorke Scarlett, E.C.B.; Major Connolly, Deputy-Assistant-Adjutant-General; Captain Rosser, Aide-de-Camp, 10th Hussars; Captain Slade, Aide-de-Camp, 1st Dragoon Guards; Captain Thursby, Aide-de-Camp, 9th Regiment. By order, C. A. WINDHAM, Chief of the Staff. Head-quarters, Sebastopol, Dec. 28, 1855. No. 1. The Field-Marshal Commanding-in-Chief has been pleased to grant leave of absence, for the recovery of his health, to Paymaster SeweDl, 6th Dragoon Guards, to the 2d of February, 1856; on whose responsibility Lieutenant Bott will perform his duties. No. 2. The following promotions And appointments have taken place in the Medical Department, from the 7th of December :-Second-class Staff Surgeon W. Perry, to be Surgeon, Poyal Artillery; Second-Class Staff Surgeon W. T. Hoskin, to be Surgeon, 31st Regiment; Staff AssistantSurgeon W. Ferguson, to be Assistant-Surgeon, 57th Regiment ; Acting Assistant-Surgeon J. C. Knipe, to be Staff Assistant-Surgeon. No. 3. Asistant-Surgeon Abbot, 41st Regiment, havin" been in medical charge of his regiment, may draw fiela allowance and forage as Surgeon, from the 8th of December. No. 4. Captain Henry, Land Transport Corps, will take everfrom Captain Pigott the 'whole of the eqmupment and carriages of the Ambulance Corpss on the 3Lst int., and will in future conduct the ambulance service under the superintendence of the Director-General of Land Transport. Captain Pigott, on being relieved from this duty, wl proceed to England ; on arrival he will report himself to the Adjutant-GeneraL Private M. M'Gonighal, 206 Ambulance Cores, on duty at Kertch, will be attached to the 71st Rw e5.Quartermaster-Sergeant James Linford, 63d Regiment,is appointed to act as Quartermaster to the 6Sd Regiment until Her Majestfs pleasure is known. No. 6. Leave of absence is granted, on urgent private affairs, to Brevet-Major Hon. 3. Stuart, Rifle Brigade; Capbsiu 'enables, 57th RXegiment;* Lieutenant theHon. J. Colborne,77th Regiment; and Lieutenant C. Forbes, 95th Regiment; to the 29th of February. No. 7. With reference to General Order No. 9, of the 9th of December, the following officers having left horses at the public service, forage may be drawn for them after the 31st of December, 1855:-Lieutenant-General Sir C. Campbell, G.C.B., for eight horses; Lieutenant-Colonel Shadwell, Assistant-Quartermaster-General, for one horse; Lieutenant-Colonel Douglas, 79th Regiment, for three horses Lieutenant-Colonel M`Call, 79th Rgiment, for two horses; Brevet-Major Hodgson, 79th Regiment, for two horses; Quartermaster J. Jamieson, 79th Regiment, for one horse. By order, C. A. WINDHA`Ml, CEief of the Staff.
THI CHARiy CoNxio& s AERS-AD TEE MORPtEH GBAXMA SCHOOL-Through an unfortunate dispute now subsisting between the Charity Conmissioners and the trustees of the 3forpeth Gramn3r School, one of the finest educational institutions in the country, founded and endowed by Edward V, iremains in complete abeyance, in which it has been practically for nearly the last 20 years, and a whole generation of men in that part of the Idngdom have grown up to manhood without the education which the piety and munificence of a king had provided for them and their ancestors for some 300 years. I'he circumstances deserve public attention, as showing how that which was as emphatically a 'God's gift" as the foundation of Dulwich College'bythe benevolent John Alleyn has been crippled and perverted, and at length suspended, by an abuse the effects of which upwards of 100 years of consequent litigation have as yet failed to remedy.' The semnmary in question, until it fel into desnetude, hsd from its ori!in conferred the inestimable advantages of aliberal education upon the youth of every succeeding .generation in the town and neighbourhood, and m a marked degrco upon the sons of the poor freemen who in thab respect enjoyed privileges andc immunities not conceded to the inhabitants at large. The head masters of the school, from time to time, were men who had, been educated at one or other of our universities, and the character and attainments of some of them shed lustre on the institution as a placeof learning. The sons of the neighbouring sentry, and some of the ancestors of the present Earl of Carlisle, the lord of the manor uithin which it is situated, received some p art of their education within its waDls, and it sent wranglers to Cambridge. It is said that the balilIif of a. defunct corporation,g howerethe trutees of the school, perverted their torust by grnting a lease for 500Oears of part of the school lands to the owners .of an adjonuing estate, at the inadequate rental of rOwL a-year. This led to a Chancery suit, wich became so venerable that it lated nearly |three generations of men, but which resulted a year or two ao in augmenting the revenues of the school to o4Ot. a-year Tfis addition to tohe funds, ccording to the statement of Mr. Woodman, the town-clerk, at a public meeting of thp inhabitants, ad a recent enactment relative to charitie's afforded an opportunity for' improvement, of which thve trustees promptly availed themselves by [ submitting to the Charty Commissioners a scheme' for the future government of the school, and the appointment of a more numerous body of -trusteesbut the Charity Commissioners, instead of exercising the powers intrusted to-them, handed the papers overtothe Attorney-General in August, 1854; he allowed the matter .to sleep, and then cast'the trust once more into the Court of Chancery, whence it had been so recently dragged. This was done, continued Mfr. Woodman, for the purnose of i as}ing for information about wlhich there was no dispute, zna whieh any inteligent man could have obtained upon the spot in half an hour. The Attorney-General, he added, talked of a scheme, but would not produce it until the question of school buildingswa settled. The M3ayor, at the eame meeting, stated that the Attorney-General insisted upon the uncalled-for expenditure of the funds of the. charity in building schoolhouses, when the present were amply sufficient, and the revenues of the charity wre- in-adequateto erect others. This was the state of thmgs some Etilet i -iago; and; without knowing what, if anythin, has been done-since to reined7 it, or presuming to say -who isto blame, this fact remamns, that the sclbool isstillin aboyanc*B and is likely to continu e so for somu0 time to oome. In the meantime, the inhabit3ant who havt- sons to'educate are suffering agrievance of the most etrious kiad, in the absolute Want of a seminary founded ant endowed for their special advantage,' 2nd iDthe face of i-.uids amply sufficieti for its maintenance,- --
T- HE HN.K2OH CARTER ACT.. TO TH BEDITOI 0F THI3E TDlIES. Sir,-The discussions which -'ow agitate the public mind respecting-the Bank Charter Act are involved in some confusion, in consequence of indistinct and inaccurate views of the real 'object and pfurpose of that measure. The failure or success of i.s provisions in' their application to-present circumstanes can be correctly judged only by those who clearly understand the principle upon which that bill was founded, and the purposes whiich it undertook'td accomphish. To obtain for the public the profit arising from the issue of 14,000,0001. of notes not represented by gold in. deposit, consistently -with the maintenance of a circulation in all other respects the same as a metalic circulation, was the object of the bilL Except in this one respect, it did not undertake to secure any. advantages to the public. beyond those which would arise from a purely metallic circulation. The fluctuations of amoun' and the consequent pressure, whether convenient or inconvenient, which would occur under a metallic circulation were left unaffected by the bill of 1844. But two objections are now raised against that measure. What necessity, it is asked, for disturbing the state of things as it previously existed ? The payments in specie, as restored by the act of 1819, had been maintained from that time *vithout the aid of the stringent provisions of the act of 1844 These provisions, it is further urged, purporting' to restrict the amount of the circulation, are wholly unnecessary, and, in fact, inoperative, inasmuch- as the circulation was not unduly increased in the periods preceding the great crises of 1825 land 1837; nor has the circulation, in fact, been materially contractedduringtheperiodof pressure throughwhichwe are'now passing. What, then, is the purpose, and what are the useful results to arise from legislative provisions, purporting to regulate the amount of the circulation, but which, in fact, leave the circulation undiminished ? The obvious reply to this objection is, that some special cause must have existed to sustain, if not to originate, the expansion of credit and speculation which preceded the catas- trophes of 1825 and 1837, and some special cause | also must now be in action to produce the restriction of credit and general pressure the existence of which gives rise to the present discussions. If contraction of. circulation has not really oc- . curred at former periods, and is not, to any great extent, in operation at the present time, what is the special cause in which the phenomena already alluded to have originated ? Under the system which existed before the act of 1844, the Bank had the power of making unlimited issues, and that power only ceased when their gold was absolutely exhausted. This being the case, a drainin of gold in its earlier stages attracted little or no attention on the part either of the public or of bankers. All went well, notwithstanding; there was no consciousness of any decrease in the power of commandingbank-notes; credit, confidence, speculation remained unaffected, until the gold was reduced to a very low amount. Then arose a sudden alarm for the safety of our specie payments; every strange resource was invoked in the last extremity to obviate this evil; a parcel of old discarded onepound notes was drawn forth from a refuse cellar in 1825; the assistance of the Bank of France was ignominiously sought in 18371; and thus the last extremity-the actual failure to pay in gold-was narrowly avoided. I1eanwhile, however, panic and pressure in the most extensive and aggravated forms spread over the whole country; and a state of alarm, distress, and confusion was generated, with which the present gradual, regulated, and wholesome pressure will bear a very favourable contrast. To prevent the recurrence of this state of things the bill of 1844 was passed. The- uninterrupted continuance of confidence and credit during a continuous drain of gold; the expansion of banking accommodation in the face of decreasing treasure, the only safe measure of that accommodation; the exhaustion of the bullion reserve unaccompanied by any protective measure; the imminent danger of final insolvency by the Bank; the discreditable expedients necessary to obviate this danger; the sudden, severe, and universal alarm and pressure must not be permitted again to return. Non solumi a calamitate, sed calamnitatis metie, defevAndum est. Such was the wse and manly decision of the public, and for this purpose the provisions of the bill of 1844 were resorted to. The power of issuing notes was subjected to a positive and clearly-defined restriction; it must expand or contract with the increase or decrease of the bullion. The power of issuing notes by the banks, it will be observed, was restricted; the notes actually advanced to the public by the banks might possibly remain -with little alteration of amount, while the power of maintaining that amount of issue or of increasing it might be seriously diminished. In' this consists the great distintion between the state of things previously existing, and that which was established by the bill of 184 Previously to 1844 the reserve of notes in the bankswas unlimited; subsequentlytolS44theamount of such reserve was subjected to strict limitation, being made to depend on the increase or decrease of the gold. In the evidence before the committee of 1843 attention was pointedly directed to this very important effect of the bill of 1844 by MAr. Jones Loyd (Question 5,204) _ "The Bank now has in its bank till an amount of notes equal to the whole amount of bullion in the issue department, plus 14,00,001,, and beyond that amount the notes of the Bank cannot go. If any diminution of the bullion in the issme department takes place, a corresponding diminution must taie place in the amount of notes in the till of the Bank of England. That is the position of things under the present system. Under the former system the state of things was extremely differext; a great alteration in the amount of bullion might take place without any contraction whatever of the power of the -Bank of England to issue notes. 'The Bank of - Englaid under the formneF system might be considered as having an unlimited quantity of notes in-the bank till, so long as there ivns any bullion *hatever in its possession. Under that system, so long as the Bank of England had any bullion with which to pay the notes when presented for gold, she had an unlimited power of issaing her notes; now she has not." :Nor was the importance of- this regulation overlooked by the framniers -of the measure. The publication of the state of,the banlkng reserve wias made an essential feature of the arrangement, and the public are thus furnished with accurate information, from week to week, n6t only as to the amount of notes aCtually passinig'from hand to hand; but also as to the fluctuations in the amount of that banking rcserve froni which the imount of notes circulating with the public is from, day to day to be supplied. The result has, been precisely that which was antici- pated. The publii atteition, which was previously directed only to the stite of the bullion, is now fixed upon thl beiikiigj teserve'; as that diminishes, public aiety increases, credit andconfidenceare' gradually coritracted, and speculation and the state -of prices founded on speculation are'subjected to ari early anda siluUy check S This effect is fiurther promotd 'by the influence which the bill exercises upon the Baik of 'England, and upon the 'coui*y bankes ZPreviously they acted under a' sense lot unimnted power in. the issue of notes,; nrw they act under a full consciousness that that po',er is subjected to possitve restrictions, andl ceccumscribed within clearly defined -limits. If tb,e notes in the hands of ,'thie -public are 'maintain.ed - at' their fil amount duznns a drain 'of gold,,' this can only, be effiected through an exhauistion, of the reserve of notes in the bS,ankcing till. Of£ ths fact tlie piiblic become' Sudly co"iuzans tbrouwh the weekly publication of the accounts, and all the legitimate results of contracted circulation ensue. Indeed, a decrease of the banking reserve is more immediate and powerfal in its action upon con19dence, upon credit, and speculation than is a decrease of the amount of notes im the hands of thto public. Because such decrease of the banking reserve is a fact more unequivocal and more distinctly known to the public; and at the same time it affects 'in a more immediate and direct mauner the great sources and suppctt of credit and speculation-the banking establishmenu, Previously to 1844 th e banking nerve waU a vague snd und'efined quantity; it was the power of issuin any aiount of notes until the gold was finally exha1usted; audj as is the case 'with all lmdefined power, the extent to which it could be gafely and legitimately 'exercised was greatly overexi'mated. The really exhausted state of the banking reservethe near approach to that amount which was -InConsistent with the safety of cash payments-was umfortunately concealed from the public, and therefore the legitimate correctives were kept in abeyance to the last moment. This was the great pervading ice of the then existing state of things ; a cause inti-nately connected with all the difficulty and ruin of 1825 and 1837. Subsequently to 184 the state of the bankin., reserve has become the prominent feature of our monetary systemn; the fluctuations' in its amount are anxiously watched by the public; they exercise a powerful and immediate influence upon the state of credit, and are, in fact, more influential in regulating the exchanges andmaintaining the monetary equilibrium between this and other countries than the amount of notes with the public ordinarily termed the circulation, though constituting, in reality, only a part of the circulation. Notes in the till of the banking department are to all intents and purposes part of the circulation, as mlch so as notes in the till of any psivate bank. They must have been previously issued by the currency department, between which and the banking department there is not, according to the principle of the act of 184, any real connexion whatever. Under the pressure-of 1847 the provisions of the act were suspended and relief ensued; although the amount of so-caled circulation-that is, of notes in the hands of the public-underwent no increase. What is the explanation of this? The true effect of the suspension of the act was to restore to the banking department the unlimited .oower of issuing notes (accompanied by the essential safeguard of a rate of interest fixed at a high amount), and all the effects of increased circulation followed; although no additional notes were issued to the public. At the present moment 'a important-contraction of credit has taken place.; a salutary spirit of caution throughout the trading community has been generated; a powerfll restrictive influence has been exercised over the exchanges; and many other corrective processes have been caUled into activity. What isthe cause of this? The mere decrease in the amount of notes circulating with the public has not been to an extent adequate to account for such extensive and important results. Nor, indeed, is there any ground for believing that such satisfactory results would have been secured if the public had received no other admonition than that which is conveyed in the slight filuctuations of the amount of notes passing current with them. Such was the case under the former state of the law; and we read the result in the events of 1825 and 1837. By the act of 184, however, a new source of useful information and admonition was opened to the public; they were taught to direct their attention to that portion of the circulation which consists of notes in the banking till; and the means of watching the fluctuation of this part of the circulation were provided. We are now reaping the fruits of this simple, but wise precaution. A continuous decrease of that portion of our circulation which is .to be found in the bank till has occurred; and this fact, not, as formerly, niystified and obscured by a vicious state of the law, but rendered clear and notorious to the whole public, has produced all the true effects of contracted issues. The purpose of these remarks is to direct attention to the importance of the state of the banking reserve; and to show that no discussions on this subject can tend to instruct the public, or lead to a satisfactory or profitable result, which omit this essential consideration. - The absence of any defined and known linifts to the banking reserve was the principal cause of the prolonged state of excessive credit which terminated in the convulsion of 1825, and again in the mercantile distress and monetary danger of 1837. Hence the necessity for the act of 1844, by which the unlimited power of issuing notes was checked, and the banldng reserve was made subject to positive regulation. The effect of the limits thus imposed upon the banking reserve is now apparent in the early precaution and gradual contraction of speculative excitement, by means of which we are enabled to maintain commercial credit unshaken, while the exchanges are subjected to a powerful restraint, and our specie reserves are kept at a sufficient, though not excessive, amount under circumstances of severe and peculiar difficulty. Let this state of things be contrasted with that which has existed at previous periods of pressure and difficulty; and a reflecting community will not come to the conclusion that our recent monetary legislation has been uncalled for by any adequate necessity, or that it has failed to produce the results which it undertook to secure. Yours, &c.. MIERCATOR.
THE SONG op EL&WA_BE.. - You, who hold (From Punch.) You, ho hoiai g e and hononr, lold, as one who id youcindnness -When he publish'd forrnerpoems, Sang Ei=ngelinethe noble, - Sang the golden Golden Legenld, Sang the songs the Yoioes utter Cry in the nghtand darkness; Sang how untothe Bed Planet - arus, h=e' the Night's First Watches, Henry adsworth, whose odrnon47 - om1n awkward, for the accents, tnt s his-latest rhythm) Writ c ee as Protraced Fellow, Or in latin, Lon4us Comne,Buy the Song of Hiawatha. Should you ask ne, Is the pomn Worthy of Ztspredecessors, Worthy of tOe sweet conceptions, -Of the mrniy:nervOux diction, Of the pbxhc, .concise or pliant, Of the sonup this* sped the pulses, Of the songs ttht 15emm'd the eyelash, Of the otherwers of Henry? I aholid answer,,I isould tel you, Yeo may wish thit you may get itDoa!t youish w tbtyou anay get itI s hld you ask- me; Is it wtorfiblew, I it iosh and is it w*mn, Merey facle flowing.&onsense, Easy to a practised rfyihmist, Fit todiarm a privatesirle, *But a,1;worth the printand paper Davil Begue hath here empended ? I shd uas er, Ishouldtell you, Yon're a fool and most presmptuous. - ath 2toEnry Wadsworth writ it? - ath mU t sunch commanffed " Buyit? r Shoulld io sk me,WVhat?s 145 nature 2 Ask me, What's the ldid of Poem! *Ask me in x4qxectful languag`a, * Touh6gsr respectful h>earts, Xielking balc3' our manly hind-leg, li3;e to one sto sees his betters; I hould answer, I should tell yoe, ' lsua poa3fn*ias mt * i emdiagthetrations,. Fables, rites, e.s superstitions, Legends, chis, snd ceremoniaIs Of the vaious tribes of Indians, Fxomflhandf theQ -"D From the lbA f the Dacota h From tkemouxems, mirs, andfenlands, Where the heron, the Shuh-shuh-.gar, Finds its sugar atihe rushes: Frm the fast-dcying nation Which our gent1 Uacle Samuel i improing, very smartly, From the face of all creation, Off the face of al creation. Shoual you ask c e, By what story, By wizat acion,.plot, or fiction, All these matters xre connected ? I should answer, I should teD you, Go to gue aod lby tire poem, *Pubisid, neati , at oe shluJbg, Publish'd sweetly, at five shilling,. Skould yosu ask me, Es there music L tIhe structure of the verses, ln the names an lathe phrases; Pleading, that, like weaver Bottom, You prefer your ears wPell tickled; -I should enswer, I should tell you, HIenrs 'verse is very charming: And, for names, thees Hiawatha, 'Who's the heo of the poem, 3Iadjeekeewis, thats the West Wind, .iowetha's graFeeks - father, Therens Nokeis, tvel re's Wenonah, Ladies both, of various merit~ Peggawangun,tl1ts a war-cltib, Ana - Pau-puk-keew3s, hs a dandy "Bsridh ith streaks of red and yelow, - ndreponmen and the maidens love the handsomne y uk-ke is," Traeng in him Punc's leness. Then there's lovely oinnehahaZ, Pretty naxme wvith pretty meaning, It implies the lbint M-water,- Trpd upo its boardsXinneikns, Tned th e i sto And her story's far too tccbueiorg to he sport or you, you donkey WVith your ears 3ike weaver Bottom's, EaWn lke boobyBnlly Bottom. Clnce upson a time in London, In the d rays of the MLyceum, Ages ere keei Arn old let it To the dreadfol ngorthern Wizard BAes ere the bnoyant Mtathews Tripp'd upco its boands in briskness,I remeber, I remember Howa seribe, tfithen chivalrous, Tried to save these ndian stories rom thre fate of chili oblivion. Out came sundrycomoc Indians Of theitribe of Ret-au-hack -lm. With their Chief, the-clean Efmnattlrews, With the gromeing D)ownyBeaver, With the valiant Monkey's Uncle, Came the gracous Mhic -Ke -lee, Smring tof athat!Mld3e-keewis (Shorten'd mn the song to "Wild Win"), Was a spirit very kidl4y Came her Sire, fhe joyons Bee-lee, Byou!e w3ning trbe adopted, Ja. dtheoughlo, and wedded To the fairest of the maidens, * But repented of hris bargin, nd Iris brother Xut-an-hack-unrs * Very nearly chopp'd his toes offi Serve him right, the fickle igec-lee. IE you ask me, What this memory Both to do with Hiawatha, Ad the poemn which I speak of ? I should answer, I should tell you, Yohure a fool, and most presumptuous; 'Tis not for suchi humble cattle To inuire what hlins and unions Rom the thognhts, and mystic meanings, Of their betters, mighty poets, BEighty wniters-lkwch the mightiest. } should answer, I shoulld tell you, Shut your mouth, and go to David, David, Mdr. Pus's nerghbour, Buy tire Song of Hiawatha, llead, and learn, and then be thankful Unto Pu,2idi and Henry Wadsworth, PuncA, and noble Eenry Wadsworth, Tnrpe,better fellow, Than to be annoy'd at jesting Prom his friend, great Punch, who loves him.
THE EASTERN COUNTIES RAILWAY. TO TEE EDITOE OF THE IMES. Sir,-I address myself to you, as the late resident engineer and superintendent of wozks of the Eastern Counties Railway Company, in consequence of Mr. Waddington's letter in 17 Tnines of to-day, and solicit the favour of your allowing me to make the following observations:- My engagement with the company ceased on the 4th of December, 185t For years previously I had called the attention of the directors, through their chairman, to the necessity of renewals and repairs to the under bridges and viaducts on the line. They were not neglected, and, in corroboration of this fact, I subjoin an ePtract from-a resolution of the Traffic Conmmittee of the company-, dated the 26th of July, 185L It is to the effect that an offer made-to-furnish the company with a steam pile-driving engine be accepted, "the superintendent of works havingreportea that it wi be invaluable to the company, as the state of several ofthebridges demands that an expeditiousmode should-be adopted to secure then,Y The order was giecn for thoe machinery accordingly; and during the reminxider of the-terni of my engagement the necessary renewals and repairs were-pro. ceeded with without intermission, and as effectually as the temporary character of thebridges and viaducts adimted:of.- I deny, therefore, that it is the-fact, as is intended4to be conveyed by Mr. Waddingtonis letter, that the first intimation proceeded from Mn BrnS }Iad the works left b me in progress been 'contmnued. I affirm, without fear ofcontcidiction, that x short timnewsould have snffied to.pntthe whole lEne in a condition toihsure perfectsafety. Lcan assign no reason for the omission. I left machinery, materials, and arenewalfund of 22,I900z. and upwards, applicable. to continuing what was necessa ry; and the hoard, as well-a mysuccessor im office, were alive to the importance of the The documents in the psosscssion of the company willisean me out in making the abovo-statement. 7 a,m Sir. vnnr very nheitP.t ,a,-v mn.. -PET] ASUCROFJ..
MHE .MILITIA. TO THE EDITOR OF Tl. & TDES -Sar,-The officers of the militt* a& ea bedy must mbe deeply, indebted to you for yowr rTeoirks; tociny on tbe lategiaing instance of nepotism irn the-.leroassshia regi=net. Such ecandalous abuse of Vatmonape teads. not only to imp4ir the eficie&ey of that Iapsh, of tha service) but to make it-ridiculefs in the eyaot the ew W. A jb siuifsito that whicbyonU bav so, ably exposed has been perpetratw in a mni ai-t ze 3enmt thl headquarters of WM& are verynxanc anJrner doa alIver-ness. - The famlI> azngemveut in quoestic 1i inot only hui the effect of muasing the o~her oes but is abso generally supposed to hs've beea the pro,ite cause of that rgnerut. being the oal y one ii the eoujnty left isembodied. Your vrery oibedient servarnt. LY2-X. ,. Jan. P..'
NQA VYAL AND MG. The screw steam transport Clyde, No. 145, Csgptan Her. derson, arrived at Spithead yesterday from the Bait. He dates are Balakava, December 8; Constautinople, 17th; Malta, 24th; Gibraltar, January L On the 27th -It., in latitude 37-51 north, longitade 5o Geast, spoke the bark Panama; December 29, 50 miles east of Gibaltar, spoka the Bucephalus trwuport, bound to Spithead; Januay 4, in latitude 4049 north, longitude 1F58 'west, the ship Violet; January 7, at 3 p.m., 35 miles west-south.west ot the Lizard, spoke Her Maest's ship mondon, 9D guns bound for PYouth; to be converted to an aamlunitioi a3u4 store ship for the next Baltic fleet. The Clyde broAt Depnty-Assistant4Commisiary J. S. Greeill, of the Fi,[4 Train Departnent; Surgeon Hnufrey, Deputy-Medical Inspector-General; the Rev. J. Thomson, Caplain R.N.; Mr. Mackenzie, Commissriat clerk; Xr. Bennett, Clerk ot the War Department; Mrs. Bennett; and Mbr. F. Harman. Assistant-Storekeeper; also Private lani, of the 44tlt Regiment; Darby Doolan, Wlliam -VAthur, A, R.N. ; W. Uanshar, stoler; Johu Loft, Willliin Long, Williant Bouns, iienry Hatfield, B. Greaves, anda obertiema The Cressy, 80 guns, screW steamship, Captain Richard L. Warren, is ordered to complete stores, anmunition, pro. visions, -c., and to be made ready for leaving Sheerness im. mediately. She is ordered to proceed to the Downs, there to a-ait Admiralty orders for her future -destination. The greatest actvity prerails on board to comply with the Admiralty orders; all leave to officers is suspended. The second of six gunboats, building aGthe yard of Messrs.' Wlgrmn, shipbuilders, at Northam, near Southampton, was launcbd yesterday. The Royal George, 102 guns, screw steamship, Capai= Henry J. Codrington, C.B., has had the damage to the after end of her mAin. shaft repaired, and she is ordered to be put out ofNo. lzdydock, Sheerness, on the 10th inst. The Euretas acrewmortar ship, now fitting in No. 2 dry docl, Sheen, is ordered to be hastened in her fittings ot machinery inher engine department. A letter as been received at Sheerness from Heligoland, dated January the 3d. The writer says- "I wa over to Cuxhaven yesterday and the day be4 fore. That harbour is full of laden vesseLs many of them hearing the English flag. Most of them, it is well imderstood, are laden with munitions of war. such as brimstone, culphur, saltpetre, gunpowder, andr several are reported to have rifles and revolvers ors board in baLi=s and cases, hearing marks of contents'VaxiousGeods,' _thers 'SunirySpecimens,' most of themt waitingfornalpLaes,thatbeingtheespecialrout-ordere5 for theirbeing forwardedto'their places of destinationwhich, tlhere is little doubt5 is to cross the Russian frontiers. Extraordisary freights are mamned, which these vessels are to receive praLvided their argoes are al -forwarded by the route Xresribed. 'Sirel,' the writer continues, 'this must be kmown to the English authorities, as we hava Enghsh aannof-war stesmnvessels, commanded by lieu. tenants, daily running from Cnxhaven here, wlhen thg weather permits. If They have not osmmunicated to the TEglish Ae-lierat whese facts, which mfo st from necessity haveocfmennUer owledge, the thing not in anyway bring madeasre butr3pcor the Benunn talk in aBl parts of Caa. have.nas by eall here,Ithink there must betraitorsinth camp, Aorrathernunder t3le British pendlantear the Coanbria arWived aat ihverpool yeterday, from tnl The Cleonutrn Is3il to-day from liverpool, Sth lbf C 500 troops, 'cmpi edwithitchmentsafromvaios regimenth of the line. ^~ The repairs of the Belgon mail p(oket Belgique, Capthsi Jack, will vcorneted at Plymouth to-day, and she B Uil probably S hiuts afternoo, n for New Yorfg. The r a ban, 4 guns, paddle-wheel stenmveseel, Lieateff. nant Coma nder t i-lifo E. Fisher, arrived at Sheerness late on.sMonday night from ee,igoaic d. She left Cunl - haven in company th the Pigky stevavessel, oen the iti inst., taking overhto d eniolnd (on board both vesselsr aout 60 volunteers for the Foreign egion- also Baroxt General Stutter weim, cemmandant of the legion being organiszed -there. The vessels experienced v ery great difai cWlty in getting-rdou Cehaven, owngx to the heavy 3;^A1 hard state of the florting ice, which was met in large masses; overmany ofthe blocs the vesselsptnnghed their way with their paddles entirely over the ice. The ther^nometer ranged Erom lo° dowvn to 7' Farenit. The barbone is reported -te be crow^ded w^ith vessels,'smost of which are laden viithvrious caroes. Six v.essels drov-e, with their anchors a-head, writh1 the drift ice, on shore; four of the;ut were assisted -of previous to the 5th Cinst. Two remanevd driven high upon the beach, and must be discharged befora they can be got -off The to&ting batteries Trusty and ThTeerare nnderi various improvements in riess bin.h The WasjP, 14 gans, screw b+aunisloopq, Cosem;nder Henry lcyd, which vessel was paid off eon JMonffay last, ix ordereatoe surveyed bythe dockTard azthevities at Sheer. ness, andher condition is to be reportel onb forthe purpose of deciding aste her future services. The folluving appointments were made at the AAniralty yesterday -CAptaiIn W. J. Wims, to tie- CenturionCaptain A.C. Key, -to the San r Captain Henry Chads, to the Anphion; Captain Shemrd:Otborne, to. the Medusa; -Caphaint A. B. Sprat%t-tthe Medins * Com. manderA. L. Wansell, to the Tartrse;. LieItenante . B. Beresford, to the Peacock; Iieutenant W. A. J. Heath, to the Shaxnrock; Thomas W. Welts, Phymnaster, to tha Sappho; G. P. Rickcord, P'aymaster to the Snspareil - Henry TIhcker, Assistant-Payatr iniclarge, to the Per. cupine; GeoreS A.F.Day, Second 3;ister- to tde Victory;c GeorgeGC. Csbon, Acting Clerh, to the Trusty; John B. Eerr, .Assistant C lerk-, to the Esk. A detachment of the Foreign Iegion from. Shornliff, principally Poles, have been ordered to-TilburyFort for duty at that station; their numsrs -are shortly. to bi augmented. All the Crimean seen will leave-Chatliam this <Uy. They have been liberally supplied with; clothing. from. th* Crimean Armv Fand. Draughts from thel st Royals (hat Battalioa) 30tb,S3d 49th, 59th, 6Sth, ano S2d, arrired:in.Cok- on Tuesdy, front Fermoy, to await the arrival cf' transports, wfiici. area honrly expected in Queenstownj for conveyae to -aL,akiava. THE MlIW An order forrnising volunteer brAErlie, 1ewn.okTriday issued to the Royal South IincolhIIllitia, at posseat- qo.- tered in Corlk barracks. Eack rolunteeriwiEreceive 71. bounty, 31. of which wll ba givezorr his bein_gz-ttated, to. gether vith credit for half his service-whil iiAthb.militia. Tbe volunteering commenced on,Saturday, ansaivwilk open. until 260 are enrolled. The Lincoln lMfitai,are.n stronu. regiment, numbering about 600-evf all vranks. 12t) men of the 2d Royal VhcsbireMiEia:volenteeredf their services to the line on Sitarday last Tllb.nsajorit7e of the seen have been selectZi for :the 2d lIirox Guardl. (The Qneenr' Bays).
T:HE LOND-z5 U MlI2TI i TO TEE EDITC-ZOF'0 TE MMES- Slr,-ha your columns oedV rayan aoXmoyGsvrik ha:e t vTproper to call zinn .t aUoprety o£i ren=TLw made by me on thb2iUt-ult;, s&ei.be&ig: feoi"etA on. flEr. ltity Harrison's =pware of.ttwasteful aTenAtore conteplated by the Qber of Lieu ancy. IlL the liter thus inscei~.by you. tetnsent iacn4eo to the effect, that the disbu nt of: a.ti1itd; of 0b:h? nevevliem2conteusplte&3fl}: thewribr.say, bow-icuvlvs 'wll st2 the wishes of tl.Qpmzsons intuwtdA Does. tlhis anonymou3iacwrcspond&nt. soriousy. beLi.eve, that t1tacitizens of Liona:wIl be ostitfied wiit, hjvstateme.xt. of the probable c.gb -partiaCdhrly -when. bk clea* shows, that a rental l 6:t &IA iI ibe inau)redifor93 yeaFrs,rith a premio. 6jOOO?.-ltnot ore-werdid.ex-+ phaweon of the cm4.sation ta mst bgiven.for,the hos about to be ds<royed, and; if thc buildini&; io be emeeted -on their s!- will wt am addithonul irr ;., or even 3ZOre could easily be,-nddeEt2 wouldcjusify yr. arl3 but I would sim *: point t- the estmabo-giSVeoL by yOW correspondent, anm04- the smao.timne, byayof co0;trast tc the fact, that thstatkhorit35 of the ccnyof- -fddle lhve recently Stna bI thsik several in,nts of militis vwith all that is an.tfnl at anaverage cast of a. lAtle mon than 4,OOrO f6,emch regimnut, inchding.thotZnrchase o, exercising grod.; whitl, is not sointbh for bF, the Londoi l4iitia, seeinf,i"sit the AxWiery-graind, is. aiftously Use. for that purp*,-.; I have i B.ilhna E. bRin rvant. DOYaal I,'.COILL,. G-Uam *'Qrb, Ja-x 8
FATAL .A ml.-sYesterday an imzjuest was h- at d oanthe body of lleUb=Coa&r, aged .-70.b -et wit. is death under soaew-hat bWiar erewust'w4ce The deceied., s in the muploy of X. Heningha'n. fe mongec: at Ca-.Vrshix, and u Saiutday he went to RXo 'with XIirse a~icort> on kis3ostle siness. Oh lila w4 he t"o;upwtwo mnen wio were on tbeir way to BEt 'lh lefY';wtEOrd about 6 in thoe vening; it was the4. rainu h,*d, and vey dark. Ihe cartrelled along ga gent ' , ntil it rached the bridge crossing the line eiftjle Gre, W9csbern Railway, a short distanco from the lara' leadigk' liolme-parl, Sonning the XCAt of Mr. P. Iner, oulder, unable to see the road, alIowed tht horse *ei uncontrolled, and te IeSUlt was that it droe. the Mat againstalargstone projecting front one of-ielsides of t: rail"Ori ndgeT oeCOussioD,ownlgetoth<lvpaeriw14 the anlin as ggong, onlyslightlytshook' .iko tb ai and caused Go, der to drop bis whip. ) said h xntust down for it, and in alighting he e on parap .the br:dge; tbinldng itws the atesg vothecart-he another leap, and then the unfor ,1e0 man fell on tlhe b of railway, a dstanlce of full 40 ie fro2n fhe parapet s muen in-thel cart were strangers to t he roabd, amid the a1n disappearance of .the old. inanv ucli alarmed thlemi. t t aid, aowever, of twvo gentlenaen wvho came by il1 a v: uvith 15mm, C-asher wassoon found lying upon the r, and groanain" heavly. Xe- was at once onozvoyed to hosit7al about a tanile and a-hwalf dists.lt, whereo ho di qttaster of i, aR on atrwatis; erdicb" AoCidt
LONDON, THURSDAY, JANUARY 10, 185G& Truly it may be said that powerful influences are at work in the East. The lovers of Oriental romance and manners, as unfolded in tales, must hasten at once if they would see with the bodily eye any trace of the realities on which those fictions are founded. The ideal 3Iahomedan world is not only passing away, but is being succeeded by the institutions of the West in their most prosaic form. We published yesterday the budget of the Turkish empire. It is the first time that the SULTAN and his Pashas have ever given to the world a statement of the funds which it is their high function to administer. Not many years have elapsed since the Capudan Pasha received the revenues of Greece and the Archipelago in return for the support of an effective fleet. The ships, of course, were rotten, while the Pasha grew rich. Even at the present hour the peasant pays his tax to grasping revenuefarmers, who have bought their nomination with a portion of their prospective spoil. Turkey has bound herself by absurd capitulations to a system of duties under which no trade can flourish, and has connived at evasions which expose all enterprise to fraud. These are not the conditions under which order in finance can arise or funds be truthfuUy administered. It cannot be said that any man was wholly deceiver, or wholly duped; each gained something illegally, and suffered in turn by the practices of his associates. But the result for the empire was confusion, loss, and weakness. With great resources, with a Christian population patient of labour and desirous of gain, with a position in the very centre of the old hemisphere, the SuLTA;Ns emPpire every day became poorer as a State, and a less trustworthy debtor to those who dealt with it. The convulsion of the present war has overthrown the rotten system. Those to whom the Government is indebted from times past may, indeed, lose the whole or part of what they claim; they made their engagements well knowing the 'adness of the security, and doubtless the nominal terms they obtained were extravagantly favourable. But when Turkey was to fight the battle of Europe, and woulld fail unless funds were at hand; when money could only be had from abroad, and by the guarantee of foreign alies, then it was plain that the STAN's Council, and the Europeans who advised it, must agree in the establishment of a more righteous system. Publicity in such a case is a surer guarantee than the revenues of a province. The knowledge that what is advanced is properly expended is a greater encouragement to the moneyed world than the fullest assurances of diplomaatists and aggents. Not only, then, as a security ro themielpye in the present instance, but with a view to a permanent amelioration of Turkish Ilnance, the allied Governments did wisely in instituting a commission to superintend the loan. The natural result of such a measure was the publication of a budget; and the payments of the Turkish Treasury are so irregular that any statement necessarily includes the expenses of the entire war, as many of the bills incurred for Oltenitza and Citate are only now paid. The extraordinary expenses of the war will not sound alarmingly to English ears. During 28 months 11,200,0001. have been expended. It must be remembered that the Ottoman amies have fought on their own ground, and according to a very simple system. OZLmA or BAJAzmr could not have provisioned their hordes in a more primitive and effective manner. There exists nothing which can be called a commissariat. Each commander of a regiment looks to the feeding of his men,, and in Bulgaria or the PrinciPalities the process is easy enough The required amount of provisions is settled,andarequisitionis then made onthevillagers. Of course in the Crimea a different procedure has been necessary, and the chief part of the expenses has no doubt arisen from the occupation of Eupatoria for so long a time by more than 50,000 men. It is, howvever,.wonderful that so large a force has been under urrms for so long a time at so little cost. It was in the beginning df 1853 that the SuLTNr s call to arms was responded to by the Mussulman population. The troops enrolled amounted before. the close of the year to a quarter of a million of men. The document points out with justice that, though Turkey, to resist Russia on the one side and Greece on the other, was obliged to maintain this immense force, yet she has successfully inaintained the war without the addition of any new taxes, and without any external aid except the 2,500,000. of the old loan and 600,0001. of the new. During a great purt of this time the PoTE hAd three armies in prence of the enemy -that of OQAR PALsuA On the Dantibe, the force operating in Thessaly, and the force opposed tothe Russians in Armenia. The troops of OXax PAsHA were well supplied, for the safety of The empire depended on their efforts. Thirteen years of tranquillity had enabled Turkey to discipline a large army, and to provide it with effective arms and suitable clothing. The best of these were with the Pashas who commanded on the Danube, and they began the war in a fertile country after a most abundant harvest. The troops in Thessaly suffered much; for weeks together they subsisted entirely on biscuit, and before the close of the campaign their clothes and shoes were unfit for wear. Yet they were led with much ability, and bore their privations without a murmur. The army of Asia was sacrificed by the incapacity and venality of its chiefs. From the beginming the men were hungry, coatless, and shoeless; yet it is certain that the PoRTE attached no little importance to the operations on this frontier, and devoted a large part of its means to the Asiatic army. It does not appear from the budget how the sum6 spent were distributed; but, if we may judge from known facts, it is probable that much was wasted, and that with regularity and economy n effective Turlkish force like that on the Danube may be supported at even a smaler cost than these figures represent. The necessity for keeping under arms such vast arimies now exists no more. In 1855 the PoRTE had to provide for 122,000 regular troops, exclusive of the Redifs and Bashi-Bazouks. The pay of a soldier in the line is only 20 piastres, or about 83., A-mnonth, and, though the pay of the higher officers is excessive, the State cannot be saicd to obtain the services of its troops at too high a cogt. As nearly the whole army is now on Turkish ground, and will probably be for the present engaged only as a defensive force, the expenses will be much lessened. Clothin-g and materials of war Will form large items in the accounts, owing to the increased price of all goods throughout the East, and the rise of freights, caused by the number of transports necessary for the operations of the allies. The estimate of the total cost of the regular force for the past year is 2,320,0001. The Redifs actually under arms amount to about 30,000 cavalry and 72,000 infantry; in exact nlumbers, 103,827 men. These have been placed as regards pay and rations on an equality with the line, and the total cost of the force amountsr to 1,710,0001. for the year 1855. The finances of Turkey have, however, been eased during the past year by the institution of the Turkish Contingent. Up to the close of September 2,259 of the regulars and 7,741 of the Redifs had been taken into the pay of the British Government. Since that time we believe more than 10,000 Turks have been added to the new force. The total Turkdsh army in the early part of last year may therefore be estimated at about 220,000 men, of whom half are regulars, a third infantry Mfilitia, and the rest Bashi-Bazouks. - It is not probable that any augmentation wil be necessary in the present year. On the contrary, if the Contingent succeed, nearly 30,000 men will be subtracted from the force which Turkey will have to support. The Egyptian Contingent of over 20,000 men will continue to be at the service of the PoRTE, at the cost of the mere miaintenance of the troops, which is estimated at 118,0001. for the year 1855. Although the Turkish armY was sent to Eupatoria in British vessels, yet the expense of transport for 1855 is reckoned at 545,000L. Ve may therefore form some conclusion as to the future cost of the Ottoman army. At present the expenditure on the land forces seems to be about 5,000,0001. a-year. This is, indeed, a great sum for so poor a country, and, if Turkey is to bear her part in a long war, the loan lately guaranteed cannot be the last.
Our readers will find in our columns to-day, written by a most competent pen, a history of what the British navy has not done. WVe are very far from undervaluing such a document, especially when, as we notice, it proceeds from an authority on the subject. Sir CnAr.LES NAPIER is so deeply versed in the negative side of our naval achievements that we should be presumptuous indeed if we attempted to follow him into that bathos. A writer of more genius than nerve once said that, whereas it was common to remark that nobody knew what he could do till he had tried, for his own part he had all his life been ascertaining wlhat he could not do by a similar process. Sir CHARLES NAmrER, perhaps, can hardly be said to have gone even so far; but, at all events, he has given us an instructive lesson in that golden mean between victory and defeat, which consists in doing nothing at alL Followving his own example for the present, wve wil not give him battle on each statement in his letter; we will not risk our timber against his granite; we prefer the open sea. Nevertheless it does so happen that the very first battery in his defences crumbles away, not at a broadside, but at a touch. NELSON, he says, was well pleased to get out of Copenhagen, and did not take his fleet to Carlscrona or to the Swedish waters. " He never went higher into " the Gulf of Finland than Nargen." Sir CHAPvEs omits to state that at the time of the attack on Copenhagen the Emperor PAuL, whose folly had caused it, was lying dead without our being aware of it; and the intelligence of the fact was the only, and the sufficient reason, for the British fleet not attaeklng Carlscrona, which, however, it did call at, and not doing anything more in the Baltic. As for the next statement, Sir JAsEs SAumARz certainly did lose a line-of-battle ship at Algesiras; but he might have lost it anywhere else in the same way,-viz., by its going aground; and, putting together the attack onAlgesiras, and the successful action at sea a few days after, Sir Jxyms had no reason, on the whole, to repent his glorious temerity. As for the case of Toulon, if Lord NrssoN, instead of being compelled to remain years on the cruise, at the mercy of the winds and the waves, could have obtained an anchorage just out of gunshot, as a basis of operations, the means of uninterrupted supply from this country, and, above all, the power of going into action and coming out of it in a quarter of an hour, night or day, as he pleased, he would have given a very different account of Toulon, strong as it undoubtedly is, than he could do under the very different circumstances of his case. Indeed, Sir CHAP.LES never once alludes to the difference made by steam, though it is impossible for a civilian to read any acconnt of a naval action in the last war without perceiving that "falling "wind," Light airs," and " unperceived cur"rents"' performed as prominent a part as our gallantry, tactics, and guns. IBut, admitting the instructive character of this list, and of Sir CHARs's own more recent experience with an utterly different class of vessels, we may yet ask whether the latter has not been bought rather dear. Do we require a whole fleet -as powerftul a fleet as the world ever saw-a whole year,-now, with the addition of Admiral DNDAS's campaign, two whole years-sinply to know that nothing could be done, or simply to recornoitre? If this. were all that could be done, why did not Sir CHAns adopt a more suitable tone at that famous Reform Banquet ? Under the combined influence of wine and discretion we are sure that zAything frora Sir CHAzrs wouda have bee= FeeXd with enthunisn .i; would have received a carte blandie. for doing nothing at all, if he had only. asked for it. He had only to speak much as follows " Gentlemen,-You have done me the honour "to wish me good health, and I can assure you "that, for the sake of the public service, I shall "take the best care of it. (Cheers.) Hun MAaTsrJEs Government has sent me into the "Baltic to strike a blow at the power of "Russia in that part of the world, and, if "the enemy will only come to blows, they " will find me prepared for them. (Hear, hear.) " The fleet placed under my commnand is in" doubtedly a very fine one, though I should. be " sorry to say that all the ships are on the best "model, all the men A.B.'s, all the officers ac"quainted with their business; or that there is a "single pilot, chart, or gunboat in the fleet. "Nevertheless, whatever can be done with such m means, under the circumstances, shall certainly "be attempted-I have no doubt with success. "(Hear.) The First Lord of the Admiralty has "C recommended me not to forget the necessity of "' discretion,' and I can assure him that the "warning was needless, for, though I occasionally "lose my temper, I never lose my head. (Hear, " hear.) I am not the 'man to run it against "a stone wall. (Loud cheers.) I am aware "that the British public is impatient for a tan<gible success; they are a mercantile people, and " want something for their money; but, if the " Russians choose to skulk in their ports, what is "to be done? (Hear.) But, gentlemen, we shall "hold possession of the Baltic as long as the "weather permits us. As soon as I have obtained "a few pilots, and got my officers to understand 'SiMalsJ and my sailors tne use of their guns, "not a Russian merchantman, not a fishing"boat, not a single launch will come near "C us with impunity. I am told the Fins "depend upon salt, and can only get "it from this part of the -vorld; but they "shall eat their fish in a hurry, for I will let them "have no salt to pickle it, and, though I am aware " it is bringing coals to Newcastle, the salt shall " be sold in the Thames for the benefit of my "brave sailors. (Cheers.) But, whatever happens, "I mean to take care of my ships. If the Russians "wil not come out of their ports, neither will I "go into them. ('IWell done, CARLEY,' from "Sir J£Wvzs GsRAHAir.) When the stormy weather " begins. I hope to return without a shot in my "ships' sides, or a hair of my head injured. ('Go " it, Sir CHARLES, from Lord PAMERsSTO.) YOU "will find us aR in capital preservation Ooud "cheers), and ready for another cruise in the Baltic "next year. (Loud and eontinued cheering, the "whole company standing up for several minutes, "and shouting so loud as to be heard at Charing" cross.y) Sir CHATnLBS does us the honour to compare our own personal aptitude for the service in which he has acquired glory and grown old, and he goes so far as to wish us a warm berth in the next action with gunboats or batteries. If he means that there is any real comparison between us, and that we should both have to deal with instruments that we had not proved-he a steam navy and we a ileet of any sort,-we are bound to admit that there is some truth in the parallel, the difference being that we should be new to the work, and he not quite new enough. But he has probably forgotten that duty can be done and honour acquired in one way as well as in another. We are not at all afraid of comparing our work; with his own, even on the score of personal hardships. It is not everybody who, with the means of retirement and liberty in his reach, would spenid all the best years of his lifenear twenty long years-in a longer and more laborious night-watch than ever fell to the lot of either fortunateAdmiral or disappointed lieutenant. It is not everybody who, for that very long period, would sit in this office till 4 in the morning for six days out of the seven, reading piles of MS. and columns of proofs, exercising at once the most anxious vigilance and the closest attention. We should be sorry to see Sir CHARLES or any other defender of his country condemned to such a taslk, not only because he would not like it, but because he would certainly fail. *What he might have done if early broken in 'we cannot say, but he could not do it now. Nor do we pretend to be able to do in the Baltic even the very little Sir CHARLES has done there, though we should at least bring a cool head and nerves unshaken by indulgence to the work.
The old feud of Normans and Saxons is still at work in the metropolitan county-as it may almost be caled-of Kent. This time NVAMBA is represented by one Hm-ny HooE, a rook-boy-BRisN DE Bois GUlEBERT by the gallant NARB. D'AETH. The subject of dispute between them is the same one which caused the memory of our Norman kings to be held in such universal reverence and affection by a grateful population-that is, game. The facts of this new version of RoBIS HooD are as follows:HIn;qY HosE is a lad-a very stupid lad, it seems, for hiis appearance is described as that of a person deficient in intellect; he is about 1V years of age, and he holds the responsible office of rook-boy in the employment of Mr. HARVEY, a gentleman in Kent. In the discharge of his duty this yoiug functionary is necessarily intrusted -with a lethal weapon; for it may be that the rooks, deaf to hiis earnest and repeated remonstiunces, and to the further and more significant hints which it may become incumbent upon him to add-whether by hurling stones or clods, whether by 'rattling at the hedgerows with a stick-may persist in their rude and predatory inroads upon the property of his employer. In this case no alternative is left him but to enter upon a course of policy yet more severe, and to adopt measures so vigorous that nothing but the stern necessities of the case could be his excuse. He is, in fact, driven to the ultimna i atio of letting off his gun. HENRy HosaLx, however, is not a person who shrinks from responsibility upon great occasions, and is content to fight his master's battles even with a halter round his neck. On the 28th day of December of the year which has just expired HENRY Hora, we say, was standing at the side of one of his master's fields, with directions to drive all birds off the land. A keeper in the employment of Mlr. E. B. RMcE, the member for Dover, at about half-past 2 o'clock on the day named, was in an adjoining wood. He heard the discharge of a gun, and hurried away in the direction of the report. Presently he stumbled upon Hm-iy Homx. " What have you been shooting i" was his very natural question. " Rooks" was the equally natural reply. No further conversation between the two functionaries appears to have occurred at the. time. Througghout the night, however, a vague feeling of 'uneasiness pervaded the' mind of the faithful keeper; it stood between hini and his sleep; he could not break bread until he' had set his suspicions at rest. Eagerly the next' morning he retraced his steps to the scene of the conversationbetween himself and M1aster HorE on the previous' day; he crossed to the contiguous cover'; he'beat the underwood, for it was borne in upon his mmid that here was the fatal spot-here, 'if anywhere, it was his destiny to come upon the traces of a great crime. Judgue of his horror, if not his- surprise, when he actually came in presence of that which he hoped and, yet feared to find-the corpse of a cock-pheasant, which had met with a violent end. Ife had evidently been extinct many bus, but te lay the mangled remains, preg- nant 'ith most damning aspieio2n ,g t. ster }IOmE. At this- point we murst beg the earnest attention of our' readers, for> HoEogs conduct during the'remaimder of the day seems scarely reconcilable with the hypothesis of deliberatepheasantcide.i The keeper, who appears to have been aman fit for conceiving and carring through a great design, left the cold remains of the pheasant where he had found them; and, like a Red Indian watching for his victim, hid himself away inn ca,d of evergreens, from which he could conveniently spring out upon the great criminal when he came -as the keeper doubted not he would coine-to take possession of his victim. Anxiously and malignantly his cold gray eye rested upon Master HonE, as that young gentleman passed and repassed along the path where the conversation between them had taken place on the previous day. But, strange ! was it craft ? was it innocence ?-Honx walked back and forward, as- though perfectly unconscious that he was in the neighbourhood of dead pheasant or living keeper. At last, at 3 o'clock in the afternoon, that officer started from his place of concealment, dragged Ho,, into the cover, and, in the presence of the mute remains of his supposed victim, charged him with the crime. At first :\aster Hoirs met the accusation with a peremptory denial; but at last, after a certain amount of badgering from the keeper, admitted the grave fact that he- had fired " at the pheasants to scare them away." He was taken into custody. lVhen in this critical situation one io-ysAs DAvwms, yardsman to Mr. Ricr, heard the prisoner-for, alas ! to that condition had he fallen-say, that frue it was "he "shot at the pheasant, but did not intend to ldll "it; he only wanted to frighten it." H-Bn 3IonE, aceording to the statement of this witness, or spy, at this point wept bitterly. In due course he was taken up for trial and judgment before that awful tribunal, the Petty Sessions for Wiagham, in the county of Kent. Sir BRoo1; BRIDGES was there, and NARB. D'A=r ;-we have said enough. After the facts above stated had been elicited in evidence, the prisoner was called upon for his defence. Not even at that terrible moment did he flinch or waver in his story. "c I "wvas sent there," said he, "tokeepthings off my '- master's wheat, and I shot at the birds, but not "to kdll them." Helpful as JnEau=s on similar occasions, Sir BROOK BRmIGES broke in with, " Your master, no doubt, told you to shoot " the rooks." The prisoner could not 'be browbeaten or driven into perilous admissions; in Doric strain he replied, "But there's a terrible " many of them other birds, and I was told to drive "al birds from the land.' He had carried out his instructions-he had done nothing more; such was his defence. On this state of facts the worshipful Bench concluded that it would be just and proper to fine the prisoner 1V., with 1s. 6d. costs, or, in default of payment, to commit hin to prison with hard labour for one month. Jnhappily for them, the neighbours thought otherwvise, and by a penny subscription among themselves paid the boy's fine. MIore than this, Lord LONDESEOROUGH inmnediately transmitted 5o. to the poor lad, marking thereby his opinion of the case. Great was the indignation, burnig the wrath in the mind of that stern Kentish man, NTABB. D'A:rT, when he heard of this outrageous defiance of his power. It is not, however, so easy to strike down Lord Los.%S- BOROUGH as a rook-boy. Lord Lom--D-EsBOOuGH was a wiser man than to trouble his head with writing strictures upon evidence which should never have been received, upon a decision which was arrived at in the teeth of that evidence, such as it was, and a judgment which, for its folly and severity, may take rank vith those in the two leading cases of the Estex ploughmen and the Worcestershire Sunday reaper. It is piteous indeed to read the account-how the poor lad begged for time, and offered his little bag of savings-he had scraped Jos. together,-but the " Court" would not hear him. In auother portion of our colmuns this day will be found an abstract of the proceeduings at the Petty Sessions, and NARE. D'ArN's thunderbolt. WVe claim attention for both.
COURT CIRCULAR. WIN~'DSOr., JASN. 9. The Earl and Countess Granville arrived yesterday afternoon on a visit to Her Majesty. The dinnerEarty included her RoyalHIighnesst-he Dache ss of Kent, her oyal hness the Princess RoyaL his Royal Highness the Ceusnto Flanders, the Earl and Countess Granville, the Belg3an Minister, and Madamne Van de WVeyr, Lady Fanny Eovard, B3aroness de Speath, Colonel the on. J. and lady Sarah Lindsay, and Captain Burnelle. The band of the 2d Life Guards played during dinner. The Queen's private band afterwards perforned in the Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Kent, attended by Lady Fanny Hov;ard and Sir George Couper, arrved in london yesterday morning from her residence, Frogmuore. Her Royal HIighness retarned by the Great Western Psail. waoy in the afternoon.
GEAERAL SIP TWILLIAMf CODRIXVGTO. anzd tae REAII'TANCES of SOLDIERSto Thcir1'AAILIES. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-I am instructed by the committee to forward the enclosed correspondence to you, in order to show the public the gratifying results consequent upon the efforts made by this association to induce the married soldiers to remit their extra pay to their wives and families. It is due also to General Sir William Codrington that the courtesy with which he received the resolution of the committee, and the readiness with -which he directed its purport to be made Lnown to the married soldiers of the anry should be made as public as possible. Especial care and attention are given by the Central Asso ciation to the families of those suldiers who remit money home. Your mo-t obedient servant. IL L. POWYS, Major, Honorary Secretary. tentral Association in Aid of the Wives and Families of Soldiers ordered on active service, 9, Waterloo-place, Pall-mall, Jana. 9. RESOLUrsON PASSED BY THE CONT-TEE ON THE 6TH OF NOVwnBER, 1855, xD FoinvRBDED To Sn, WarLIAM CODRWGTON:- " Resolved,-That in consequence of tle great falling off in the funds of this association, the allowance to the wives and families of soldiers receivingthe extra pay be reduced in amount after the 1st of January next ; and the committee rely upon the good feeling of the manried soldiers inducing them to remit this extra portion of their pay to assist in the maintenance of their wives and families who have so long been entirely supported by this association." REPLY OF Sm WrI ar CODrEWCTON. "- Head-quarters near Sebastopol, Nov. 28, 1S55. "Sir,-BY direction of the General Commander of the Forces, I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 6th of November, 1855, enclosing a resolution of the Central Association in Aid of the Wives and FamiLes of Soldiers ordered on active service. I am further directed to infornp you that the General has ordered the publication in general orders of this resolution, calling the attention of the married soldiers of this army to its objeet and purport. "l havethe honour to be, Sir, "Your most obedient servmat, *'"OBET lBLAXN., Lientenant-Colonel, "' To llajor the lIon - SecretaryF. To Mjorthe Ho . IL F owys, Honorary Secretary, Central Association.' THE RESULT OF TrsI GENEs. OIIDER. (Extract of a letter from a soldier of the 48th Regiment to his wfel "C,amp, Sebastopol, Nov.30, 1855. "My dear Wife,-It is in general orders for all married men to send their ield allownce home to their vives and families. I am glad it is so, for if it vas gave to me yon Would no' have it, for if I had money in my pocket I.would spend it." THE COUcn. oF WAR -DovXa, -Wednesday, 11 10 a.m.-His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, General Airey, and Admiral Lyons arrived at Doverbythe boattrain at 10.40 this mor ,and immediatelysailed for Calais, C77 en ide for Pans, in Her 3Nsest's steamer Vivid. The usual bonours were paid.
THE CRDIEA. IThe Monifeur of yesterday publishes the following despatches from Marshal Pelissier to the Minister of War:- a " Headquarters, SebLstopol, Dec. 28, 18. " Monsieur le M.r&chal,-I have the honour to send you an account of a new coup de man effected by the volunteers of DAutenarre's division in the night between the 26th and 27th inst. " Hr.ving receired infornation to the cffect that a post of S1 soldiers of the Smolensk Regiment and of 20 Cossacks of the Don was established on a hm situated at about 500 metres distance from the Cardonne-Bell ridge, General d'Antemarre gave pePrmision to Lieutenant-Colonel Lacre. te,le to make an attempt to carry the position with the two companies of sldrmjihers added to our outposts. " The slippeiy state of the paths from the frost, which impeded the march of the men on this difficult ground, more than once nearly proved an obstacle to the expedition. It nevertheless, succeeded; 18 PhIssians were bayonettad while attempting to defend themselves; iS others were made prisoners. The Cossacks had faUen back at nightfaU gn Ko3do;zi only two remained at the outpos.+ They were captured with their horses by our mer, who, moreoveri brought back some 30 weapons of aJl descriptions. "The Captain who commanded the enemy's post was killed. "W We had neither killed nor wounded, "Captains Pichon and Nehlikh directed this coup dC moasv'ith theirusualvigour and intelligence; they speak highly of the conduct of their men. ____ ~" PELISSIER."
IRELAND. (FROMoUR oWN COR 2Mr-N-T.) - B.UJN, WEBSNESDY MoPIuNg. NCcUMNlES ESTATES COIUrT. The vast estates of the E arl of Mlltown were put up for sale yesterday at the Court in Henrietta. street. Theproperty consisted of over 10,000 acres of land in the counties respectively of Dublin, K2dare, Wicklow, Meath, Louth, and Ring's County, the gross profit rental of which was estimated at 5,7207. per amunn. In addition to this there was X net income of 1,7821. derivable from ground-2ents of houses, the great majority of which are situated in the leading streets of fashion and commerce in the city of Dublin. The country property was divided into 96 lots, and the town into 119. The sales occupied the Court nearly the wvhole day, ansd vere adjourned to this morning, leavingy one-half of the property still to be disposed of. The lots already sold realized about 65.0001. THE l-} CHAIPMAV. As was originally surmised, the chairmanship tf3 which Sir Colman 'Loo'hlen has been appointed is not Wexford, but the less important county of Carlow, Mr. Andrews being promoted from Carlow to Wexford. The first intnnation Sir Colman received of the vacancy was commiunicated in a courteous note from the Earl of Carlisle, offering hinm the vacant office. LON-DOi; ANSD Wrar OP TELAxOD ISHI coN A project has been now for some time in contemplation for the working of the Irish west coast fisheries, and, as far as appearances go, the new scheme bids fair to be a great improve. ment upon previous speculations of a similar character. The umdertaling has been registered under the Linmited Liability Act, and the proposed capital is but 50,0001. in shares of 107. each. The Board of Directors, of which the Hon. W. Napier, Managing Director of the Lands Improvement Company, is chainnan, is said to consistof gentlemen of the highest position and character in themercantile conumunity, the managing director at head-quarters (Galway) being Captain Symonds, R.N., one of the most energetic promoters of the company. The prospectus has been printed, but for private circulation only, as the directors very prudently propose in the first instance to raise the capital by private subscription, which, if carried out, would effect the two. fold object of liniting expense and of. keeping the proprietary select. MIr. Henry Grattan is at present one of the largest shareholders and most active supporters of the company. PIiOPO5EMD ABOllUR OF RIXVGE AT GALWAY. A deputation, consisting of Mr. -.J. Blake,i.P., MIr. A. O'Flaherty, .LP., M3r. Burke, high-sheriff of Galway; Lieutenant-Colonel French, harbour commissioner ; Rev. J. D'Arcy, secretaryto the har. bour conmiissoners; Captain Symonds, R.N., managing director of the London and West of Ireland Fishing Comupany, Galway; and Mr. L. Robert3, C.E., waited on the Chief Secretary at the Castle yesterday, for the purpose of submitting a plan for a proposed harbour of refuge at Galway, with a view of engaging the assistance of Government in the undertaking by furnih1ing convict labour. The views of the deputation were communicated by the secretary to the harbour conumissioners, who presented the copy of a memorial from the town of Galway to the Treasury. The Chief Secretary went very fully into the -tiatter, and, after asking numerous questions of the different members of the deputation, gave an assurance that he would give his attention to the subject. M3AJOP.-GSERAI LORD 1,UCAN AT HOME. The Mra,.o Comlitudion, states that the Earl of Lucan has co menced shipping his oats, barley, &c., fiom his farnyards by steanmels from Westport, an(d will also ship his slheep, &c., weekly for the English markets. His Lordship, -who is a first-rate practica'lfannter, realized fully 2. per ton in Liverpool for his grain (all expenses inclusive) over the highest prices which could be obtaied at this sidoe of the ChanneL BIELFAST CUSTOMS DUIES. The Bdfast MAercantile Journal says " The Belfast Customs' returns show an apparent decreas anthe year; but, if the five woring days are added, which these retturn are deprived of, there wifl be an increase oE upwards of 5001. apparent. The Customs' dutiei for the year ending 2 .c January 5, 1S53, were 377,666 17 0 January 5, 1S54, were 395,746 19 7 January 5, 1855, were 368,014 16 9 Dec. 31, 1855, were 36,499 1 3 "To arrive at the real amount of duties paid into tfle Exchequer on Belfast account, hovever, as we have fre. quentlv stated before, at least fiO per cent, must be addecl for dtlies paid on Belfast goods iu English and Scotch THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 86!; ditto, for account, the 7th of February, 86,, S7; New Three per Cent. Stock, 861 87; ditto, for ac,count, the 7th of February, 87 87k; Bank- Stock, 21S8; Hiberaian Bank (25!. paid), J33; Ntational1 Bank (21 lOs. paitd), 31 en. dV. ; Ro:ya Bank of Ireland (10! paitd), 201; Grand Canal (100!. 3ratd), 3-74; General Mirning Cmpany of Ireland (3S. paid), *; 3Efling Compnpry of ire land (71. paid), for accoutnt, 131.
A CoirEay F n = Wrm- GA D Jan. &-One of th6seoccurreiies which sometimes happen in the colliery districts of Northumberland and Durham took place this morning in a pit belonging to 3lessrs. Palmer and Co., known as the Slipcote collieryr adio in the Smnderland turnpike-road, about a miile frorm tates. head. The shaft had only been suink- a few months, and the coal wras worked princpally- for land sale. The drif, it appears, hAd been pushed too near to an old working at the Feling, where there was a considerable lodgment of water, and the barrier being insufficient, from the strata beingof a very porous characterrthe water rushed throngh into the. workdigs of the new ninne, and in a short time nlled them, ascending some feet upt the shaft. The workamen were employed at the time, but they had suffidient opportunity to escape, and it is satisfatoiry to learn that no lives have been lust As soon as the flpw of water had subsided efforts were made to remedy the injury and to draw offthe water. for which purpose recourse was had to the workings of the Friars Goose colliery, which are at a lower level near the lyn% aud by formin a drift into the Shlpeote workngs the drainage was satisfactorily effected. and then it was ascertained that the workings had sustained comparntirely little damage, so that with a slight repair oPerations might be resumed in aL day or two. On Tuesday night, however, while some mnen were exploring the workings, an exlosion of gas suddenly took place, it haming gathered since the inundation. Three men were burnt, but are expected to recover. The Felling pitwas the rcene of a serious disaster mtny years ago, when severl lives were lost, and it has always beens bjectothe influx of water. A pit at Percy in was completely fil;ed with water some time ago, and has ever sMice been laid in, as all attempts to overcome the influx and drain the mine, though caried en et gret e ne, bare been hitbrto iafte.
SECOND- EDITION. THE TII3ES OFFICE, 2Tmrstay Morning. EXPRESS. FROT%f PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated ye6terday, 6 p.m. A private letter from Vienna, emanating from an eXcellent source, states positively that the acceptance or rejection by Russiaof the Austriann propositions depends a great deal, if not entirely, on7 Prussia. This coincides with all that is said here in quarters entitled to respect, and it is the knowledge of this fact which raises or depresses the expectations of the public, aecording to the nature of the news from Berlin. I have already mentioned that the instructions of the Prsiian Minister at St. Petersburg wvere to give the most conciliatory counsels to 31. de 1resselrode; and it is moreover affirned that the King of Prussia has addressed an autograph letter very lately to the Einperor IlexaLx . '. the Ahie effect. Te foliiowingletter has been received from Seaastopol, under date the 27th of December:- "-'Itbblew a regular tempest onthe25th,andafog,such aLs has been seldom witnessed, covered the sea. An unfortunate vessel was driven by the wind into the roads of Sebastopol; in fact, into the little bay which separates Fort. Alexander from that of the Quarantine. At first it was thought that the enemy, profiting by. the fog, were landing some men on the coast by means of a small steamer, which they still have in that port which separates Fort Constantine. But at 1 o'clock the fog disappeared, and it became necessary to retreat rapidly, in order to avoid being crushed by the Fort, which at this spot is not more than 700 mnetres from the coast on our side. You might at that moment have witnessed a curious scene. The Russians, thinldng probably that something extraordinary was intended by us came down from the heights of the north like a flock- of crows, and ranged themselves in their batteries. They adopted some strange precautions. Mhe entire coast was iammediately furnished with a line of sAarpshootens,who commenced firing; and I should be tempted to think that they thought we were crossing the port liLe divers undetwater. T1he moment Fort Constantine saw the vessel it opened its guns, and you will easily suppose that she was sooi burnt. The vessel was an Austrian one, and we do not yet know what has become of the crew. It is probable that seeing their position, they put to sea in boats, with the intention of gaining the coast, and that the boats were lost. Since I have been in .the Crimea I have never felt the cold so severe as this morning. The thermometer is downx to 16, ald my beard is full of icicles. " The tworegirnental officers whohad been made prisoners on the Sth have returned to the camp by exchange. They are perfectly cured of their wounds, which, however, were very Eevere. They have been placed in other regiments. Some of their stories are cuious. At Ekaterinoslaff whither al}- the prisoners are sent, they were placed in a prison, at the doors of which a post was stationed. Our men, in spite of the guard, issued out anud walked about the city, and then quietly returned to their cells in the evening. This act, which occurred often, was only laughed at by the Ilussian officer." The following private telegraphic despatches have been received 'BELIN, Jan. 8. "Tleters from Odessa have reached St. Petersburg, announcing extraordinary cold, and that the roadstead3 of Odessa, Taganrog, Marioupol, Ilostoff, and all themouths of rivers are entirely frozen. - " Generals Ozten Sacken, Liprandi, and Kotzebue had arrived at Odessa to hold a Council of War." " BERLIN, JAN. 8 (EVEsNnG). "Very favonrable hopes are entertained here as regards understanding between Prussia and Austria respecting the mode of treating the peace qluestion at St. Petersburg and at the Frankfort Diet." " MADRID, JAN. 8. "Ye-terlay some drunken soldiers, occupying the post at the PaLace of the Cortes, raised seditious cries. "3Lrshal Espartero re-established order, and the rioters were arrested. * On all other points tranquillity remains unbroken." The 3lJonitteui says:- " The C'overnment of the United States has arranged one Of the clains raised by the capture of certain French merchant vessels by the Cutonms authorities of San Francisco in the course of 1S49 and lg50. An indemnity has been granted by the Americ.a Treasury to Mr. ChWdeville, one of the hinpers of the Abeille, for the goods whichhe hadplaced on board. This amount has been remitted by the departnment Of Foreia Affairs to the home authorities, in order to be distributed to the proper parties." The 39th and 50th Iegimenits of the Line, which had not arlived in Paris on the 29th ult., the day of the solemn entry of the troops returning from the Cri-ea, entered to-day, accompanied by a battalion of the Voltigeurs of the Imperial Guard. General Niel met the troops on the PLace de la Bastille, and at 11 o'clock the colunin conimenced its march, following the Boulevards as far as the rue de la Paix. They then traversed this last street, the Place Vendome,'the ruesCastiglione andRivoli,totheCarousel, the inner part of which they entered, passing umder the triumphal arch. They then drew up en bataille, and shortly afterwards the Emperor, accompanied by Marshals Vaillant and M51agnan, and his entire military household, rode through their ranks. The Empress, with her ladies of hononr, stood on the balcony of the Pavillon de rHorloge, which had been adorned for the occasion with velvet hangings. After the review, the Emperor took his station under that balcony, when the troops defiled before their MIajesties, saluting them as they marched by with enthnsiastic cries of " Vire I'Enspereur!" and "Vilc I1p6raf'rie !" 3,Many of the houses and all the theatres along the passage of the troops 'Were decorated vwith English, French, Sardinian, and Turkish flaggs. The Emperor has decided that troops which have returned from the Crirnea shall be allowed seats at a certain number of representations at the Grand Opera. The first of these performances will take place on Saturday; next, when Jo-ite will be given, with the overture to the MIufette, and a cantata sung by GUeymAard. The non-commissioned officers and oldiers are to be seated in the pit and the amphitheatre stalls, while the orchestra stalls Will be reserved for the officers. The performance is to commence each night at a quarter to 8, and will terminate before half-past 10. A Ma(did letter of the 3d inst., says General OrDonnell is quite convalescent. Yesterday it wsreported that M Brull intended to resign the ministry of Finance, in consequence of the rejection of theBill on the MTint. It appears, however, that ME. Brnil has not said a word on the subject in the Council of M1inisters. The Governinent :as not yet come to any decision with re gmrd to the immediate promulgation of the Constitution* There is no truth in the report that great changes are about to take place in the finance department, or that the Goverment proposes to banisll from Madrid other distinguished members of the 31oderado party. A democratic deputy from Valencia, XE. Battles, had drawn up a proposition, in: which he called on the Cortes to proclaim the civil marriage. This proposition, however, was not referred to the standing committees, as the rules of the house re quire, previous to its being publicly read in the Cortes* Tlle attention of the Government is seriously awakened by the number of protests, signed by the provincial deputations and ayuntamnientos, against the re-establishment of the Cr'a-rmws, tariff refonn, and several bases of the organic bw$, which Ministers are detennined to resist. The sale of national property continues very active. The Ebro CanalizationCompanywill have shortly completed the Avorks between3fequinenzansd the sea. The export of cereals and four from Spain .as assumed an extension hitherto unprecedented, thanks to the war in the East, and the general -wants of Europe. Every day between 300 and 400 barges are loading corn in the Canal of Castile, for shipment in innumerable vessels at Santanider. The Commercial Junta of Barcelona has addresed a memorial to the Queen, in support of a petition ofthe Junta of Commerce of Havan n:ih, in favour of a reduction in the import duties on West Indiaproductions. This demand will not be attended to, for the Government is thnking of increasing those duties in order to compensate the reductions about to be made' in :le Customs Tariff." The Three per' Cents, closed to-day it 63f. for the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per cants. at 91£ 2Zc.; and the New Lonat6Sf. 80c.; Orleans Railway shares, 1,116f. 25c.; Great Northern, 857f. 50c.; Strasburg, 870f.; New shares, 737f. 5oM; Paris and Lyons, 1,100f.; Lyons to the MTediterranean, 1,230f.; Western of France, 74Sf.; Bordeaux and Cette, 660f.; Great Central of France, o600f.; Lyons and Genevaj 662f. 50c..; Bank of Credit hIobilier, 1,230f.; Austrian raiways, 712f. oOc. . - Cour5 AueaentquC.-PARIs, Jan. 9.--Cah Prioes.- Foar-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reinabursable for 10 rears), 91f. 50c. 25c. 91f.;- ditto second Loan of 1655 (35 -per cent. paid), 92f.; ditto ertificates 35 per cent pid 92f. Four perCet,8f;re per Cnts., 62f. 80c. 90. 85a 80c. sc.70c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (65 per cent. paid), 62f. 80c. ; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent. paid), 63f. 80c. 75c. 80c. 75c. 65c.; ditto Certificates (35 per cent. paid), 6Sf. 80c. 75c. 80c. 75c.; Treasnuy Bonds, 5 per cent.'at six monthsi Bank of France, 3,170f.; Ceidit Foncer, 510f.; ditto Obhgat,ons of oOOf., Four Per Cents., 413f. 75c.; ditto Three per Cents., 370f. ; dio Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c. Cridit 3fobilier, 1,240f. 1,237f. 50c. 1,2S0f.- Discount Bank, 603f.; Piedznontese Five ~pe Cents., 86f.- Austrian Fire per Cents., 81; Belgian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 91X; 2BornnS, 81 81t; Spanish Deferred Converted, 21l. i; ditto Interior ft, 34x i. iExchange on London, at sight, mnoney, 2Sf. 27hc.; three months, meney, AUSTRIA. (FRO' ovR OWNX- comaEsEoMNar.T VIENNA, JAIT. 6. When Sebastopol was taken by the Western Powers and the Russian fleet had ceased to be, the Imperial Government acknowledged that the victors had a right to dictate more onerous terms to Russia than those which had been proposed by Austria in the month of Mlay, 1855, and there is reason to believe that this Government first communicated its impressions on the subject to Count Walewski. kbout two months ago M1. de Bourqueney went for a few days to Paris, and before he left this city he had one if not two audiences of the Emperor. If the information given mebe correct,and it probably is so, the French M3inister at this Court was the person -who first communicated to the Emperor Napoleon the terms-which, in the opinion . of Austria, might reasonably be made to Russia. The Austrian propositions underwent a slight modification in France and England, but the terms of peace which, on the 27th of December, 1855, were communicated to Count Nesselrode, were defado dictated by Austria. A Brussels paper a day or two since insinuated that my telegraphic despatch of the 30th of December was a mere invention, but the sequel will prove that the information it contained was perfectly correct. The proposition, that that part of Bessarabia lying between the Pruth in the west, Chotyni in the north, and the Sasik or Salt Lake in the south, should in future form part of the MIoldavian territory, emanated directly from Austria, and this you may believe, whatever may be said or written to the contray. It here occurs to me that the Fortress of Chotym is included in the territory the cession of which is demanded by the Allies. The Fsemnden Blatt, which has long been the Russian "M Moniteur," to-day contains the following article:- " From St. Petersburg we have no authentic news, but reliable communications induce usto believe that the information forwarded from Vienna on the 30th December to 2Tc limes, respecting the cession of a certain part of Bessarabia, is perfectly corwscc. To the other assertion, that three weeks have been granted to Russia for consideration, -e are able to add the following information --count Valentine Esterhazy on the 27th, the day after his arrival in St. Petersburg, communicated to Count Nesselrode the terms on which the Westerm Powers would* conclude pence, and informed him that he would apply for the answer of the Russian Cabinet on the 8th of January. If no reply should be received on or before that date, Count Esterhazy is to request Count N esselrode to let him have one within the next 10 days. Shoutld the resolve of the Russian Government not have been made known within the term last mentioned, Count Esterhazy will quit St. Petersburg.11 "Might consent to" would probably be more correct. PRUSSIA. (FR0M OUR OWN CoRRESPooNDirT.) BERLIN, JT.A. S. As regards Prussia's support of the Austrian proposals in St. Petersburg, I have ascertained, to-day, that we may wait long enough for a formal note to be sent off from here for that purpose. None has as yet been sent, and apparently none will be. But it seems that very shortly after Count Esterhazy's audience with the King, instructions were sent per telegraph to Baron Werther to renew at the Court of St. Petersburg the representations and remonstrances that his master had alreadysofrequentlyput forward in the interest of peace, but theseinstructions contained nothing about adopting orbackingthe Austrian proposaIs. This excessively curt and slighting 1 manner of treating them appears, however, to be no more than the correlative of the manner in which they were coimunicated to this Court, with the request that Prussia would back them. The King and his M1inister, naturaly enough, felt little inducement to assist Austria in the execution of her schemes on the mere communication of an outline of the result of long negotiations wvhich had scrupulously been kept a secret from them. In the niamier in which Prussia has conveyed to St. Petersburg the intimation of her wishes I have been at fault, in so far as I looked for a diplomatic note, while a telegraphic despatch had been used in preference; in the matter composing the subject of the communication I find, ho wever, that I was quite correct in my expectations. The mission of Colonel von Mlanteuffel to Vienna is assumed by various parties to have various cliferent objects in addition to the mere formal delivery of the King's letter. According to some he is to agree with Austria as to the terms of a joint motion to be made shortly at the Diet on the subject of an altered position to be assumed by Germlany on the Russian question; according to others Prussia being alarmed at the prospect of widely extended operations in the Baltic this siummer, is applying to Austria throgh him for an assurance of the same support, in case she should be attacked there, as Prussia had guaranteed to Austria in case she should be attacked in the Principalities. As regards this latter version it is overlooked that this support is already guaranteed to Prussia by Austlia in the original treaty of April 20, 1854, to which Prussia's proniised support to Austria's position in the Danubian Principalities formed an additional Article concluded November 26, 1854. The entire Confederation joined in this April Treaty on July 24, and in the additional Article of December 9, so that on this point Prussia can hardly be uncler any particular anxiety. As regards the preparation of new motions to be laid before the Bund, it is also improbable that Prussia should be particularly busy, seein.g that she desires nothing better than to preserve the present status *quo; it is not impossible that Austria herself will soon attempt something of the sort, when the present attemptsat peace in St. Petersburghave attained a definite result; and such is, in fact, said to be the object of Count O'Donnel's present visit to Dresden. I am informed that the mission of Colonel MIanteuffel to Vienna has no other object than the official presentation of the King's letter to the Emperor ; there may-be some other, but at present I have not been, able to ascertain if there is any, and what. The visit which the President of the Poishn Bank is now paying this town is affirmed, on authority, not to stand in connexion with any negotiations of the Russian loan, or other financial projects. - Some politicians here are looking forwvard to the speedy publicatiOn of the; result of somewhat lengthy diplomatic negotiations, that have been going on between Russia and the United-States. No one, however, seems to be able to state on 'what point. the said negotiations have turned, nor in what they have resulted, but are not the less convinced that HerT Bodiaco, Secretary of the Russian Legation at Washisigton, who a few days back passed through here on his wvay to St. Petersburg, is the bearer of the important document. On the 28th of last month the Danish Government, which had previously fixed the 2d of January for the opening of the Conferences, addressed a circular to the representatives of the Powers interested, proposing a further delay till the 4th inst. The plan that seems to be now in process of elaboration is a newf repaltition of the amount of the Sound Dues, showing how much each State or group of States would have to redeem; among those that are in the new plau to be brought under contribution are the States of the Zollvere'n, It appears as if the Danish Government had not yet come to the perception of the necessity of an excessive reduc- I tion if it is to reconcile its many antagonists. | The American Government, which repudiates the right claimed by Denmark to levy Sound dues, re- cognizes at the same time the equity of Delnmark'sl being indemnified for the expense she has been at in buoying and lighting the Sound, and is willing to pay a quota towards this and a fair share towards the future maintenance of the necessary eptablishment. For the first purpose the American Government seems to be willing to pay 40,000 thalers, or 6,000!. Quite at the end of the year the Sound was visited by such mild weather that the straits were open in every direction, and no trace of ice was visible anywhere. The American clipper Wolga, which has been so long lying there biding her time, at last, in the full persuasion of meeting no British cruiser in the Bay of Finland, put to sea on Christmaseve. It seems certain that this vessel had a valuable cargo, chiefly of arms, on board, and had been waiting so long in those waters for an opportunity of bringing them in safety to the Russian coast. The vessel was built in Boston, and is navigated by a Dane of the name of Holm, perfectly intimate with the Danish waters and theRussian coast. She has been seen since offBornhohn, sailing, with every stitch of canvass strained, towards the Bay of Finland. A. Russian merchantman also, with the Russian flag flying, left Elsinore on the 29th of. December, homeward bound, after lying there perdus for about two years,and it is presumed that the numerous Russian vessels that have been so long ice and enemy bound in the Scandinavian harbours will have profited by the extraordinary mild weather reigning there to return home unscathed. RUSSIA. The Invalide Russe, of the 1st of January, publishes an extract from Prince Gortschakoffs diary of operations from the 5th to the 16th of December. It says- " In this space of timie nothing particular has occurred in the Crimea, except some reconnoissances and outpost skirmishes. " Thus, to ascertain as far as possible the position and worL-s ofthe eneaiy on the south side of Sebastopol, a sloop and three boats, under the command of Lieut. Dolgoff, were sent on the night between the 5thand6th December towards the South Bay.* " That bold officer, leaving the boats wLich brought him betweenthe Paul batteryand the Woronzoff-roads and quay, landed near the crane, accompanied by E3nsign Oskolkoff, Quartermaster Stepanoff, and the pilot Mixhailoff. Thence he advanced as far as the docks ; but at a short distance from the wood-yard he came upon a corps de garde of the enemy sitting roand a fire, whereupon he returned to the sloop. Another attempt to land at the centre of the bridge of the South Bay also failed. " fter these twvo attempts, our men took the direction of the Newv Admiralty, and landed near the Manon Car6nage. They caame upon a sentinel, whiom Quarter-master Stepanoff felled to the ground, but a general alarm was spread ataong the enemy, and they were compelled to beat a retreat. They linited themnselves to a recomnoissance of the side of the bay. Despite the darkness they -were enabled to ascertain that the allies occupy the Old Admiralty with considerable forces, as also the houses and contigaous magazines. From the shouts of the sentinels it was ascertained that the shore of the South Bay is guarded by the English." The Ilnvalide also publishes a short version of the cavalry affair near Kertch. * This Bay separates the town from the Karabelnaia. THE PEACE PROPOSALS. The I1uie6endance Belge gives the following as the test of the propositions submitted to Russia by Count Esterhazy - "'I- Pn,Cs=P.rsTEs DAsUrEN,-ES. "Abolition conplete du Protectorat P.usse. Les Principantks DanOubiennes r&cevront une organisation conformc A leurs voeux, 1 leurs besoins, zl leurs intcirets, et cette nouvelle organisation, pour laquelle la population sera ellemCnie conisultde, sera reconnue par les puissances contract.antes et sanctiomnee par le Sultan, comme dmanant de son initiative souveraine. Aucun Etat ne pourra, sons nn prctexte quelconquc, sous anoune forme de protectorat, s'ingerer dans les questions d'administration intCrieure des Principautes. Elles adopteront un systeme definitif, permanent, r6clan,6 par leur position g6ographique, et anemia entrave ne pourra ctre mise a ce quo dans Pintr. rdt de leur securit6 dles fortiflent, comme elles rentendront, leur territoire contre toute agression ctrangere. " En dchange des places fortes et territoires occupes par les armees alliees, la Russie consent a une rectification de sa fronticre avec 3a TurquieEurop6enne. Elle partirait des environs de Chotyin, suivrait ia ligne des niontagnes qui s'ctend dans la direction Sud-Est, et aboutirait au lac Salsik. Le trace sera ddflnitivement r6gi par le traitC general, et le tenitoire conacdd retournerait anL; Principautes et i la suzerainetd de la Porte. "fIL DAxuB| "La lIbert6 du Danube et de ses embouchureS sera efficacement assur6e par des institutions Europ6enaes danm lesquelles les puissances contraetantes seront cgalement representees; sanf les positions particulidres des riverains qui seront rigl&es sur les principes tahblis par racte du Congrds de Vienue en matidre de navigation fiuviale. Chacune des. puissances contractantes aura le droit de faire stationner un ou deunx b.ttinments 16gers aux embouchures du fleuve, destin6s it assurer rex6cution des rdglements relatifs a la libertd du Danube. "iM. MER NOIE NFN TRALISEM "Cette mer sera ouverte aux batiments marchands,fermee aux marines miihtaires. Par cons6quent, il n'y sera cree ni censer des arsenaux militaires maritimes. La protection des interdts commerciaux et maritimes detoutes les nations sera assurce dans les ports respecMifs de la mer Noire, par rittablissement d'institutions conform es au droit international et anx usages consacres dans la matidre. Les deux puissances riveraines s'engagent mutuellement a ney entretenir quo le nombre de biatiments legers, d'nne force d6terminne, necessaires all service de leurs cotes. Cette convention, conclue separ6ment par ces dean puissances, fern partie comme annexe du trait6 gen6ral, apres avoir et approuv6e par les parties contractantes. Cette convention srdpar) ne pourra etre ni annul6e ni modifiie sans Ilassentiment eies signataires du traite gencraL La cl6ture du d6troit admettra lexception applicable aux sta- tionnaires mentionn6s dans l'nrticle precdent. | "IV. POrUsLATIONS CHsnrMNn-cES SUJTrTES DE LA POPTE. "Les immunites des sujets rajas de la Porte seront consacrces sans atteintes a rind6pendance et A la dignit6 de Ia couronne du Sultan. Des d6llblrations ayant lieu entre l'Autliche, la France, la Grande-Bretagne, et la SublimePorte, afin dXassurer aax sujets Chretiens du Sultan leurs droits religieoux et politiques, la Rsasie sra invitde, i la pai*, a s!y associer. "V. "s puissances bellig6rantes se reserv-ot hi droit quI leur appartient, de produire dans un int6ret Europion des conditions particulieres en sus des quatre garanties." I Translation4 L DA?uBLrS- PrxmCIA.&s.IjEs. "Complete abolition of the Russian protectorate. The Danubian Principalities shall receive an organization conformable to their wishes, to their wants, to their interests, and this new organization, respecting which the population itself wll be consulted, shall be recognized by the contracting Powers and sanctioned by the Sultan as emanating from his Sovereign initiative. No State .shall be able, -nder any prext whatever, under any |form of protectorate, to interfere in the question of the I internal administration of the Principalities; they shal adopt a definitive permanent system demanded by their geographical position, and no impediment can be made to their fortifying, X the interest of their safety, in such man ner as they may deem advisable, their territory against foreign ag6ression.' "In exchange for the strong places and territorie occupiedbythe allied armies, Russiaconsentsto arectificatio3 of her frontier with Turkey in Europe. It would co,inence in the vicinity of Cliotym, follow the line of the mouintains; which extend in a south-easterly direction, and teriinate at lake Sasik. The line (trace) shall be definitively regulated by the general treaty,'and the conceded territory would return to the 'Principalities and to the suzeraintyof the Porte. "IL DA-unz. ' * - "The freedom of the Danube and- of its mouths ' shall be efficaciously assured by European institutions, in which the contracting Povwers shall 'be equa ryresented, excepjtlteparticular positions of the lords of the soil on the banks (c! ritxar7n), which shall be regulated upon the prInples estab3ished by the Act of the Congress of Vienna as regards the navigation of rivers. Each of the contracting Powers shall have the right to keep one or two smaU vessels stationed at the mouths of the river, destined to assure the execution of the regulations relative to the freedom of the Danube. DII NEUTRALIZATION OF THE BrLAc SEA. i "This sea shail be open to merchant vessels-closed to war navies (suarines asilittircs). Consequently, 'no naval military arsenals shall be created or maintained there. The protection of the commercial and maritime interests of all nations shall be assured in the respective ports of the Black Sea by the establishnment of institutions conformable to international law, and to the customs sanctioned in such matters. The two Powers which hold the coast engage themselves to maintain only the nxumber of lightvessele of a fixed force, necessary for their coast service. This convention, concluded separatelY between these two Powers, shall form part as an annex of the general treatyafter receiving the approval of the contracting parties. This sepsrateconvention cannotbe annulled or modified without the consent of the signataries of the general treaty. The closing of the Straits will admilt the exception applicable to the stationary vessels mentioned in the-preceding article. ,,IV. CaEB}STrA SurEcr OF TM PORz. "The immunities of the Rayah subjects of the Porte shal be religiously preserved, -without infringement on the independence and dignity of the Sultan's crown. As deliberations are taking place between Austria, France, Great Britain, and the Sublime Porte to assure to the Christian subjects of the Sultan their religions and political rights, Russia shall be invited, when peace is made, to associate herself thereto. "CV. "The beligerenit Powers reserve to themselves the right wlhich appertains to them of producing in a European interest special conditions over and above the four guarantees." SARDINIA. (FROMc oOn owNr comsro-MrETI.) TURIN, JAN. 5. -An event of some political importance, as significative of public opinion :with regard to the interference of the Church in matters of education, has just occurred, in the vote of the Municipal Council of Tuin, on the subject of employing the religious order of Ignorantelli as teachers in the communal schools of the capital. After three sittings, and much discussion, it was agreed to dispense with the services of this order in the schools 'by 37 votes against 28. On this occasion the supporters of clerical education availed themselves of the same arguments as the Minister of the Interior had brought forward for not including those orders devoted to instruction in the category of those suppressed, viz., the difficulty of fnding<, lay teachers in numbers sufficient to the wants and means of the country; but although the chang,e will impose considerable expense on the municipality by reason of the higher salaries necessary to secure lay teachers, the feeling against the Ignorantelli, or FrZres de rEcole Chretienne, as they are called in France, where the order originated, was so strongly excited by a recent discovery of their proceedings in the communal schools at Racconigi, (where they distributed writings against the Government,) and the fact of their being affiliated to the Order of Jesus, that notwithstanding the eloquent support of their aristocratic friends in Council, a very decided majority has forbidden their further interference in the public schools. On Thursday the Chamber of Deputies reassembled after the Christmas holydays, and resumed the discussion of the law for allowing two millions of Treasury bills to be issued to the communes, for the purpose of enabling them to afford emnployment on public works duringc the winter months, which was agreed to by 99 votes against four. On Friday it adopted by 73 votes against 36 a bin imposing an annual tax of 50 centimes per thousand fiancs on the nominal capital of anonymous societies or associations " en contmandite." It then proceeded to receive the report of the Cormniission on petitions against the taxes, and M. Brofferio, the Relatore of the Commission, divided them into three parts according to their importance, as he said; and, therefore, in the first place, he took the petition of Giovanni Bocca, carpenter, who had unjustly been subjected to an execution for 17 sous, with so much bad treatment as to collect a large crowd of people indignant at such proceedings. Some agents of Government had pulledoutpistols and made use of expressions against the Constitution. The Ministers had been invited bya deputy in Parliament to see to this affair. But, although a month had passed, these agents were sti unpunished. The petitioner also presented a statement, signed by 22 witnesses, affliining the truth of the alleged facts. The Commission had received the petition favourably, which, if there is a prosecution, should be transmitted to the Tribunals, or if not, to the Minister of the Interior, in order that he should proceed administratively in the matter. The Minister of the Interior not being present, the MEnister of Finance replied that having been absent from the country at the time this occurrence took place he was not acquainted with- the facts, but he was astonished that the agents of Finance had not been denounced to the Minister. He did not deny tllat reClamations were made against the imposts; but he had always ordered inquiries to be made, and declared that nothing'but the strict quota should be exacted. It appeared strange to him, therefore, that the petitioner should not have applied to the Minister of Finance. The conversation then turned on the Government emplo accused of showing arms and maLing use of expressions disrespectfl towards the Statuto (th e words attributed to him being, " You would have the Statuto, and so you must pay for the Statuto"; but, as in-the velmacular Piedmontese there isapun on the word Statuto, he also implied, "Y ou must pay and 'keep silent'); - and- it appeared that he was in prison, and the depositions against him had been forwarded to the Fiscal for examination, but as the Minister of the Interior was not present, the House adjourned the 'further disciusion until to-day, in order that he might give his explanations. On the House meeting to-day the Minister of Finance was the first to speak, and said, " that, as to the fisel part, the carpenter really owed 85c.; that he was arich manufacturer, and had shownhimself a very bad citizen by refusing to pay sich a triffing sum; that the administration of thef finance had shown too much moderation towards him, having -warned him several tines." 4The depaties of the left, as wel' as the opposition papers, had taken occaasion of this fact to combat the Ministry, 'wishing the Government to instiitte an 1inquiry, to saspend at least the accused agent of public wecrity, and 'order a prosecution; andl to -them' the Minister of the Interior replied, that ap ad- inistrative inquiry would have interfer~d with the judicial prosecution; that he could not suspend an ernplmoij who, in his opinion, was not guilty; that as to the prosecutinn - it- would be terminated in a short time. -. The Chamber thenagreed to suspend t6 deliberation until the Minister should be able to cominunicate the result of the trial; ad, in Cane af auittal, to say what steps the Ministry would take for an administrative inquiry. Yesterday His Majesty gave a private a-adience to Baron ChazaJ,- Lieutenant-General and Aide-dcCamp to His MIajesty the King of the Belgians, charged witha a special mission to the King of Sardinia. - General della 3Marmora is still confined to his house, from the consequence of his fall on board ship, and his medical advisers are averse to his moving for some -time; but as he himself is naturally anxious to get on, he will probably continue his jouimey in a day or two. ELECTRIC TELEGRAPHIC DESPATOEES. (FROM OUR OWx CoIuusPowDENT.) IJVERrOOL, TuURSDAY MiORNING. Wind N.E. I hRDYMR~G Arrived.-G. A. Hopley, from Charleston. Sailed.-City of Broolqyn, for New York. WVind NE QUE STOWN, JN. 8. Arrived.-Messenger, from Alexandria; Jane, from Jersey. Sailed.-Midas, for Antwerp; C. H. Brocklen-m, for 'Bremen; Thersia, for Amsterdam; Choice, for uamburg; Canvass Back, for Mrseilles; Die Broit, for Antwerp. Wind :E. KINGSTOWN1, JEN. 9. Arrived.-Burden, from Copenhagen. (nvY 13UBMA?.UiM -ND nnRLsm mnpPArn.) G_4XVEgEND, T.UVRSDAY, 9.52 A.?l Wind N.E., tide frst hour's flood, strong, and cloudy. Arrived.-Norma. steamer, from Malta; Anna Maria, from Landscrona; Endymion, from Dantsic Wansbrout, froni lonigsberg. &ailed.-Foxhound, for Trieste. DEAL, TuuRsl)AY, 9.20 A.sr. Wind E.N.E., strong. Passed, Jan. 9.-Nelson (brig), for Portsmoluth; Earl Grey, for Geelong-both from London. Sailed.-Anna, for London, in tow. STOCK EXCHANGE. TaURSJDAY YoRNMG, 11 o'CLOcR.. Coxsols for Money... ... ... 860 to S61 Consols for Account (Feb. 7) ... 86i to 86M Turldsh Four per Cent. Scrip ... 4 to 4.j (E.
FOBEIGN INTEBLLGBNCE. PRIUSSIA. (ERO'm OVB OWN~ OORRSPO.qDEN-.) BERIIN, Jxx. 7. The House of Deputies has sat to-day for the first time since the recess, and proceeded vith the definitive election of its President for the remainder of the session. On this occasion also the Right side has tritunphed, though its candidate did not Obtain so enormous a majority over Coimt Schwerin as at the former election. The numbers -werefor Count Eulenburg, 191; Count Schwerin, 104. In the election for Vice-President also the Conservative candidate, Von Arnim, had obtained 195 voices, while the Liberal Roman Catholic member, Reichensburger, only received 87. Now that the House of Deputies is thoroughly organized and constituted it is possible to speak of its constituent parts with more certainty of correctness than hitherto. It contains, first of all,the Ministers 7; fractions of Right side always voting for Alinisters 218; Centre, 15; Opposition, 116. Thus we see that if the Opposition can gain a0l the] suffrages of the Centre, and also those of a fraction of the Right that is somewhat independent, it would still be in a minority of 87. In the previous Chambers the Right side and the Opposition were balanced within about seven, which were to be found on the side of the Right when all their forces wrere well whipped up. The case now is sadly altered, and though there is no immediate connexiou between theto things, still this maybe taken as the measure in which lberal views and Westerly sympathies have lost ground in this country since the commencement of the war. From a list-of the muotions already brought before the House of Deputies, now lying before me, I extract the following ascharactehetics of the two sides of the House. The Left side has given notice of motion for leave to bring in a bill repealing the present exemptions from land-tax existingo in great numbers throughout the country, and chiefly in the eastern provinces, and obtaining an equable assessmnent of it, and a mnotion for inquiry into the undue exercise of Government influence in determining the results of the late elections. The Right side brings in a motion for increasing the salaries of the inferior officials; another for preventing early marriages and parties moving from one locaity to another and establishing households without previous satisfactory evidence being given of their possessing adequate means of livelihood; four petitions for indemnity for game privileges abolished in 1848; petition praying for prohibition of - export for all provisions for three years; petitions for restricting distillation; and last, not least, petition praying His Majesty's Government to institute the trade in and culture of tobacco a State monopoly. The select committee of the Prussian Bank has aein raised the rate of discount by J per cent., for b'lls of exchange from 4i to 5, and for lombardthat is, loans on, goods-from 5i to6. The authorization to take this step wheneverthe committee found it necessary was already given in advance, and stands, therefore, in no need of confirmation by the Minister of Commerce. From Vienna I have received the following " Jan. 5.-A conference of several hours took place yes. terday in the Ministry of Foreign Affairs, at which Count Buol, Count Arnin3, snd Colonel Von Ranteuffel took part. Subsequently Count Buol had a long interview with Baron Bourqueney. I hear that Prussia has backed no specific propositions,-neither those proposed by us nor those made irn the lesselrode circular of the 22d of December. The King of Prussia, I hear, has declined to adopt the proposals of the Western Powers, and declared his aLbility only to employ his influence towards bringing the beligerentPowers nearer together and preparing a fittn ground in which negotiations for pecce may be opened." If the above be correct, it will be found that my coniectures, now nearly a fortnight old, as to the course the King would take, have turned out to be very close indeed to the mark. RU7SSA. (FR.OM 011R DxnnI CORRSPONDT.) BEBRIT, Jin. 7. The latest publications in Russia on the subject of manufacturing statistics afford information of the state of manufactures there up to no more recent date than the end of the year 1853. The roundness of the figuires there given suggests, at the same time, that the daft are rather approximative than. aetLal. As, however, the statements of former years have been mnore explicit, the hope is entertained in St. Petersburg that very shortly more exact figures, at least as regards 1853, would shortly be published. Up to the end of that year probably no very great injury had been sustained by the manufacturers in the north from the warl 'Which was declared in the south only in October of that year; and therefore there seems no reason why the statistical publications should not be allowed to take their usual course. The round figures given as the number of manufactEories existing in 1853 is 10,500, the niumber of hands occupied in them 475,000, and the value of the manufactures produced 170,000,000 silver. roubles. Tha more exact figures published in the St. Petei'sburgJog md of iLa2factu2tes as the statisics of the, precedng year, 1852, showed the .lurabei of manufactmuing establishments, satwodi.n (mines, foundries and smelting works), and other industrial establis&lnents to have been 10388,- the number- of, hands employed 470,914, and the total amount of manufac tures produced to have been 162,151,705 silfer roubles. As these figures were ran increase on te preceding.year 1851 of 262 industrial estabhelaments, 5,898 hands, and 2,771,199 silver rou'les invalue, it seems probable that the fimentioned ap proxirative datak for 1853 are tolerably correct -The most --considerable rticle of manufacture in 1852 was cloth, of -which 13,44f,236 arschines and 180,057 pieces were produced - by 86,443 operatives in 414 different establishments, and the value of rhich, amounted to 19,129,833 silver roubles, The- next important artices were cotton goods, amounting to 14,208,500 silver roubles, produced by 81,454 operatives in 440 mills; cotton printed goods, 15,425,334 _ilver_rcub1es, tned outby25,867handsl349 rintingworks; and cot en-hst ,15,647,388 silverroulles, spunly.30,976 hands in o5 mills. Sngar-baaing and the prodaec.- tion of beetroot for the purposes r f sugar had beea carried to the extent of prodcucing. .2,418,238 ponds of smgar, mnd 148,830 pouds of treacle, of the value of 19,S15,603 silver roubles, by means of 45,711 hands employed in 364 establishments. Such were the main features- of Runsian manufatuling industry in 1852, and which, nio- oubt, continued to increase at their usualnot veruInpid rate in 1853. How it has gone with them ii- 2854. and 1855 probably we shall not so easily learn, seeingthat, for want of coals to. work witi and raw material to work upon, .capital to work withl and consumers to cary off, the resl-lt cannot ail oE bein widely different from the foregoi.ng. The com'any for navigating the Dniep& hax wound up iiis transactions and paid off its obligntiong at the rate of 36 copecks per silveir roub*,--.hat is to say, at the rate of 3eqper cent.. This is the fifth large undertaking of the kind the cessation of -which has become known to the public since the begining of the wvar. The following letter froin St. Petersburg, 6f December the 30th, wiU be foundinteresting:- "The momentous deliberations which have been carred on here for the purpose of settling the plan of the future campaign may be looked on now as closed- It is a presumption for wihich, however, I have very excelUent grounds, that it is inteided, in case another campaign should bo openedthere, to give upthe Crime'a entirely, and coneentrate the entirepower of resistance on other noints; for it isas little overlooked bere as probably in the rest of Europe that the plans of the allies for next spring point to a remnoval of the theatre of war. We believe even that, quiterutb 2, ed, the removal of the theatre of war is being already prepared for, and that a portion of the troops in the Crimea have alrcady received orders to retire northwards upon the great 'central aray, while, at the esame time, another portior. is destined to reinforce the troopsin the Caucasus. According to ai that I cani hear, it seems also to be intended, rith the greater; energy, and even in course of this winter, to fortify, .as far as it ispossible, the entire north coast of theESy of s nilnd, from Abo up to Wyberg; andbehind these lines to concentrate the Clieof the troops, viz.-three divisions of 'Giuards ant the 1st infantry corps, so as to be prepared for any attempts that might be maade on this side with a probable Niew to an attack on the capitaL These resolutions, which are spoLken of freely and openly in cireles which at other tJmes seldom trouble themselves with the political pians o£ the Government, produce, asmay wellbe supposed, no lit,le agitation among the population, holding out, as thej do, the near pro.pect of soon having the -whole din of war in our nearest neighbourhood. Since the return of the Emperor from the Crimea a rigorous degree of severity is evidenced in the treatmnent of all persons v.ho in any -way have been guilty of any wanut of integrity in the military administraticn, so that one is led to the conciusion that the personal observations made by His lajjeaty during his late trip mut have given rise to this rigour. The S' affCaptain Susin, who had been guilt y of peculations in }iiS capacity of Inupector of the Zlilitary Hospital of HonIo, has been deprived of his rask, his Orders, and his nobility, and degraded to the ranks. Lieutenant-G-eneral Zadousld, whosename was frequentlymentioned in connexionwith the capture of the fortress of Kinburn, is dead; and a cc tairx nysterious obscurity seens to envelope the circunustances attending his death which I have 1ot been able-to penetrate. Lieatenant-General Suchosmne., who was aso sunmmooed hither to attend the great military council has already set off from here, on his return to the CrimieaZ SPAIN. or3f 01BowsE CoxnEsroxoas'qr.) MIDRID, J.t. 3. The prospect of the formationof apowerful company here in connexion w ith the Cr.dit Mobilier of Paris hasexcited a feeling of ri-alry in various Spanish firms with which \Ir. AV,cisweiller has associated himself, and which are engaged in the task of formingt another company of a similar Idnd. It was expected that the proposalsof this company would be brought before the Cortes yesterday, as it was stated that the Statutes had been drawn up, a committee having been appointed at a previous meeting {or that purpose. There is no dotubt, I hear, of the Crdait M1obilier schleme passing, and there seems a disposition to adofit andiauthorize whatever schemes of this kind nxay be brought forward, if sufficient guarantees are given for their solidity and bmudfde character. The Barcelona Commissioners on the tariff c1uestion have determined tv petition the Cortes for a, full Parliamentary inqtiry, and to declare that the concessions agreed to on that subject by the Comsnittee of the Cortes at its. last meeting are not sufficient for them. Their object naturally is to prevent tariff reform altogether, and, as a step towards thatresult, to gain as much time as possible, and trust to the chapter of accidents. The Barcelona papers state that an officer named Lacy, who was aide-de-camp to General LaiTocha during his cornmand as Captain-General of Ca-talonia, has been banished to Majorcea They also mention a ratlher serious disturbance that has occurred there, owing to the existing disputes between masters and wormuen; the latter in the present case were not contented with t-ring out en masse, in consequence oi one of their nimber having been dismissed, but attemDted to prevent the owners of the nanufactory fromn employing other workmen in their stead, aud met riotously, surrounding the building, throv,wng stones, ar.d firing Six or seven pistol shots, *which, fortunately, did not injure any one. The firing attracted the nilitaxy and police to the spot, and tlhey wvere soon dispersed, an(d sonie of the ringleaders taken up and sent to the fort of Atarazanas, where they will be dealt with by court-martial. The tribarnals of justice were opened here yesterday bv the Queen ard King Consort in person, in the Hall of the Supreme Titbunal of Justice. The directors of the Grand Central Ra2ir.ay of France have accepted the project of the. Go;ernment here respecting the concession of the proposed Madrid and Saragossa line. It will be put up to competition, and they do not claim any prefercnceo over its fitiure continuation to the FreLch frontier. A bill brought in by the Government to concerst,rate the Spanish Mint opertions of Spain irto one single buildng, in Madr&id, and favourably reported on by thle mlajority of tl:e conunittee of the Cortes, was virtually defeated yesterday, the Corfes voting to take into consideraton thle separate reportof SenorGiner, a dissident member cf the conmittee, to the effect that the Mints now existing in the provinces, as Sevile, Barcelona, .and Segovia, should be maintaiued, --hichw-as scarried by 8 against 66 votes, the MEnisters pr-esent voting in the minority. This will not, ho-wever, lhave probably any political result. The estiimates of the orde Department were voted as brouaht, in. The first part of the sitting was devoted to -the usulv monthly process of sorting the sections. The fluds continue animated, The Three per Cents, were done to-day at 34.75 eash es. dividend; and the Deferred at 2165. It is said that large losses have been sustained by parties who speculated for the fall on the illness of 0'Domnell.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TITRMB Sir,-I hope you will be so kind as to publish t23s, in answer to two letters on the state of Greece published in you xvaluable paper, and signed "ZEvar". It appears the docmnent from which "1 -(VOC" derives 0m5cI information is the Athena cnd I dare say if "Z'Zroc," with the same assiduity continues to furnishius with. nev:s from Greece in the aforesaid paper he will alwrays 5nd an abundant stock. Every one laow-s, and I think1' " s'er" oug-ht to ]mow no less than I do,.that whenMavrocordatoffornei a 3inustry, as there was not a single jo;arnal atAthens so traitorons as to defend his actiors and those of his confedernto Ralergi, he (Mavrocordato) asked of' the Chansbers for a credit, I think, of 25,O0 drachms in order, as he openly said, to keep up some Government newvspapers. NoW, the infornier. of " ivobr"-17-, lhe Alhea-wr;s the vrel first paper to be bought and sold. Nlt,raily, since the faUl of its patronl, It shows itself tery an2;ious to renisee him in the Govorninent, and this is the reason wvhy. w42s:iia the overthrow of the present much-respected i=strF.:the At)leuzz repreSents the affirs of Greece as bemginsnais;a sad stabs, and rhich " =£V05s' onbht to knovabtt3raxheEeY a * lremnain ycur obsdieat serva!t. I"EAA1X. Laverpooa, Jan.b. -Ir
HOW TO A2Ni P SSU.'-Let our Arl1aor to the Conrt oE Berlhinrpre3ent to i3s y9oa erionsly, at the.proper hour after*dinner, that-theaMies,comprelend France, Entgand, Sardinia, and Turzkey. The Xingvilnr then seethat Russia has arrayedlaginEthler ran ti&_t Powcr&-Pw?ch. -THE STRIK AT C A-bolat 100 of tlle wvorkpeop1e on strike at hMessrs. Birley'ss nillUv ar esumed work onthe termsoffered by tlheir ntployers- At some of the other mils a few of the tou.-hayer med rk, alo, at the. terms oiinlly oSered A lare number oE operatives lave been thrown ont oE sorkati;othermill, not in consequenefreductionofpries butthrougt enltire stoppe of the consern -
THE EAST. (rRO OUR OWN CORRESPOMMTM.) pthe following appeared in our second edition of yesterday - CONsTANTrNOPLE, DEc. 3L I Your aricle of the 13th of November upon' the fall of Kars has made a very strong impreswion in official quarters at Stamboul, especially the pas- aage contained in it on the forced inactivity of i Omar Pashas army through the neglect of the Govermment at Constantinople. You say-" At this moment Omar Pasha is reduced to inaction by the wants of his commissariat and transport department." I think it is but fair to all parties to say something about tlus. The continual capricious changes in the Turldsh Govermuent are so well known in Europe that it wouid be screly necessary to, speak of them, but the evils ensuing from them can scamely be im-pressed enough. I will not speak now of the obvious influenee of this evil on the general course of affairs, but only of that side of it which regards the Ministers themselves. On the one hand these frequent changes practically put an end o all individual responsibility, and this consciousne3s of impunity gives an additional stimulus to all unprincipled finisters to make the most of their time; while, on the other hand, the collective responsibitliy -which places the faults and crimes of one Administrtion on the slhoulders of the other 'weighs very heavily on the conscientious hinister, who has to answer for the guilt of others. He has alway3 the fate of Louis XVI. before him. The present Turkish Ministry is more especially in this unenviable position. The dismisal and banishment of Mehemet Ali Pasha, the Stltan's brother-in-law, an unprincipled, and, what is perhaps worse in this case, an incapable man, was the beginning of a series of Court intrigues, having for their sole purpose his recall and employment. E:urope and Asia, Kars and Errerourm, were forgotten in this struggle and rivalry between the Court cEque and the Government. We see every day in Europe, even irn the frecest countries, ,what a well organized and. active entontrage of the Sovereign is able to do; how much more mast this be the case in an Oriental state, framed after the -worst traditions of the Lower and the old Persian Empires, where the monarch is a kind of demi-god, only to be approached by those immediately around. him! Thus the existence of the fonner inistry after the banishrnent of Mlehemet Ali was a life anrd death struggle, with the secret influences working in his favour. GeneralWiliams wrote descrbing lhe pitiable state of the Asiatic army, and was not heeded-the Turldsh army in the Crimea was living on the charity of thea31ies, withoutgettinganything bat promises from those whose duty it was to look a-fterit. At last Court influence triumphed, the unfortunate Ministry was upset, Mehemet Ali recalled, and. the present Ministry fomed. Bat by this time things in Asia had likewise come to a crisis, and Krs was inveated- Ilehemet Ituschdi Pasha became SerasIier. He found the Turkish Danubian army hroken up, the Crimean army in rags, the amy at Kars shut up with scanty provisions, a few thousand rabble at Erzeroum, a revolt in Ktrdistan, and the first loan exhausted. Most men would have broken down under such a weigh,t, but Mehemet Ruschdi Pasha isnot only an honest man, against whose character not even envy dares to breathe a suspicion, but likewise an enerdetic man, as you may concluade from the fact that he entered the army as a simple soldier, and won his rank, not at Constantinople, but with the army, and moreover educated himself during this time, so that this man, who, when he entered, could neither read nor write, now speaks very fair French, and is numbered among the most prominent literary men of his country. His first step, -when he came into office, was to put an end to the intrigues which threatened to choke the Turkish Contingent in its cradle, and thus to give reality to that, nutil then, rather mythical body. He collected the shattered remains of the Danubian army, and sent reinforcement after reinforcement to Erzeroum, so that now more than 15,0002men are asqembled there, besides theEgyptian brigade from Eupatoria. Omar Pa4ha -was recalled from the Crimea; and. cntrusted with a division for the relief of Kars. Before he moved, troops were seat from Varna to Batoum. As the alies could give no transports for fhe Turkish troops, 18 English steamners were hired for that purpose, and for supplying the Turkish army in Georgia. The troops, who had received no winter clothing last year, were provided with it this year a month sooner than usual. Arabas were constructed expressly for the transport service of Omar lasha's army and. draught animals sent with them. That the means of transport are not wanting appears from the movements of the Turkish army in Georgia. Omar Pasha chose the longest road to go to Eutais, and yet he nearly reached Kutais, and made a march of 0 miles, which, surely, witlhout means of transport he could not have done. xlor 4can there have been a want of provisions, for one of the main reasons which was. given for the slowness of advance of the army in Georgia was the necessity of forming depots on the road, in order not to be dependent on Suchum Kaleh, and dep6ts cannot be formed withont a ready supply of provisions at hatd. Omar Pasha received. besides a round sun in ready money, that he might be more independent And prepared for emergencies. However guilty the former Government might have been in allowing things to come to such a point in Asia, the present one certainly did its best to remnedy the evil, and. was anxious to do everything in order nt-to begin its rale with the fall of Kars. It gava therefore to Omar Pasha not only what he asked for n men and. supplies, bat anowed.im likewise the greatest freedom of action, provided he kept inviewthe object oftheexpedition, namely,therelief of Rars. According to the suggestion of General Williams, Batoum was selected as the base of operations, but OmarPaiha was left at liberty to operate directly on Kars or Gumiri, or on Kutais. If he chose this latter, having a full knowledge of his neans, and did not succeed, he must bear the responsibility of the step. Having found affairs in such a wretched state, it became a matter of honour, interest, and anzour2lropre for the Government not to darken thisvictorious year by a defeat, and. it was ready to submit to any sacrifices to obtain this aim. The TIoan Commion is stil busy in defining its own position In theory nothing can be fairer than that the aled Governments who took. upon themselves to guarantee the new loan should have the right to control the spending of it; but practically it is exceedingly difficult to keep the jite miiet, so as not to overlook the object of the com- misaion, and, on the other hand, not to meddle too Tnuch with detaiLs. It beoomes, therefore, essen. til to determine from the beginning the exact position of the controlling body, or else difficulties will be unavoidable in such a delicate transaction.: I hear there are two projects proposed; one, coming from the commission itself, wo!uld constitute the commision into an indepenaet boWy, exercisin as such aeontrol over all contracts - jiA other erpenses to be defrayed by the proceeds of the loan; the other project,emanatingfromtlxeTuildshGovernmieat, ptopowg that an English and French member of the commision should attend the Conecil to awhich All tenders ust be presented. - i It is difficult to gtve an opinion iD sueh a delicate matter, but the plan sems to be preferable which cstabishes the forni of control in the mildest form, vspevially as thf Turkish Government, gratefully ac- knowledging the suibvention of the aUies, appears anxious to show its wvillingess to unravel the hitlierto unknown mysteries of Turkish finance. There would be a good deal to say about the first budget of the Ottoman empire, but I must' keep any remarks about it for my next letter, for fear ofencroaching too much on your space. I shall only say on this occasion that the difficulties between the Govermment and the commission seem to mainly arise from the diferent interpretations of the proposal for effecting, the payments in the manner proposed at the end of the report. News has arrived to-day from Erzeroum and Trebizonde, and letters havc been received from General Williams. He had left the Russian camp at Kars on the 30th of November, and had arrived at Gumri the next day. He is in good healtb, and is conrteously treated by the Russians. In Trebizonade as well as Erzeroum reinforcements are daily arriving, a good many Egyptians from Eupatoria among the number. The difliculties between the Persian Government and the British mission seem as yet not only not arranged, but, if the news iroa Erzeronm is to be believed, they have reached sach a point that -Mr. Mlurray has demanded his passports, This requires confirmation, for it is scarcelycredible that a collision of such a trifling character as that which gave rise to the whole quarrel, and which I mentioned some time ago, should have led to each serious results. Of local news there is nothing striking. Councils of war and sittings of the Committee of Inquiry into the Affairs of Anatolia, and more especialy of Kars, are stll the order of the day, but are mach disturbed by the Christmas and New Year'sgaieties of the Pera population. On Saturday last 'L Thonvenel went in great state to the Palace of Tcheragan, to prese'nt to Eis Majesy the insignia of the Grand Cross of the Legion of Honour, and an autograph letter from the Emperor Napoleon. lII. Thouvenel, in his speech to the ' Sultan, alludes to the sentiments of high esteem and sincere attachment which the Euperor Napoleon entertain3 for the Sultan, and concludes by saying that these insignia are a new pledge of the memorable alliance, &c. The 1st Jager Battalion of the German Uegiou was reviewed on Friday last by General Storks, and the appearance as well as the disclph'ne of the men was most satisfactory. The German Iegion at Kululee, thanks to the care of Brigadier-General Wolrige, are getting on remarkably well ; scarcely a case of drunkenness or punishment occurs, -and scarcely ever a man absent from parade. Christmas-eve, a day perhaps more generaJly kept in Germany even than in England, was kept likewise by the German Legion. The few men sti remaining in the barrack hospital had a Christmas tree arranged for them by Dr. Pincopp and his wife, wvhle their comrades at Kullee kept the day on a larger scale. They decorated their barracks with evergreens, illuminated them most tastefully, and ornamented them with elegant transparencies and appropriate mottoes. General Wolrige was then invited, and when he appeared was received by the men with cheers; the senior Sergeant-Major stepped forward and made an appropriate speech, expressing in the name of his coamidesthe gratitude they felt for the kind feelings expressed intheGeneral's orderof the day, and ending with a promise to endure with pleasure and perseverance the hardships which they may be called upon to meet during the ensuing campaign, under the auspices of the General, their leader and friend, and with shouts of " God save the Queen." The letters from Kertch, reaching to the 22d of this month, speak of great cold; three days before the thermometer fel to 3 deg. on board ihip. The bay is frozen over, and people are going to and fro on the ice to the ships. These isa little snow, but not much. It is very fortunate that the men are hutted.
TH TURKISH CONTDYGENT. heERTC4 CRIMEA, DEc. 21, 1855. The Alo-T rldsh contingent is daily, becomu!¢ I more organized and effective. If any doubt baa hitherto existed as to their fidelity urder their Christian officers, that is now no longer the case In an encounter with the enemy in this neighbou;rhood a few days since, a small body of cavalry under AMajor McDonald (Madras Cavalry) and Captain Sherwood (Bombay Cavalry) behaved with signa courage. iBut before detailing the iparticular of the eng,agemient it is necessary, to ensble you to omnprehenld ou7r present poition, that I should premnise a little. Lord Raglan from the formation of the contingent, gave it "a cold shoulder." His successor was also hostile to its formation and undecided asto the mode of emplioying it. The force was kept in the* Bosphorus for many months, 'when it mlight havei bceen usefully employed. It was first proposed that it shonid be sent into Asia. Then Varna wasto be the winter quarters. Eapatoria was the next order. Balaklava followed;l Kertch was then to be the destination of the force. On this being comuntertnanded, Shumla was fixed on, and thither the lst division sailed. The final counter-order was for Kertchfand here the head-quarters of the contingent landed on the 21st of October. No preparation had been made for the reception of the force at Kertch. A smn of upwards of 60,000. was, I have boeencredibly infonned, lost bytherepeated counterorders, by detention of transports, maldng contracts for provisions, paying forfeire for breakig them, &c. On the contingent landing, at this place there was neither food for the men nlor forage for the cattle. The force was increased by 10,000 men, who had not seen a piaster forten months, and who wrere on short rations. Their oId oflicers, who had served with them for years, retred, in order to give the command to the Christian officers sent to relieve them. At St. 'aul's, Yerilale, and at this place the men had to behatted. Fortifications had to be raised, and provisions had to be brought in from the country; all this work, too, had to be done by the men themselves. Fortunate it has been that the officers selected to command this force are tried soldiers, accustomed to deal with Asiatic troops. In the short space of two months the defences have been completed, every man of the force ishutted aand provisions and forage to a ..Iarge extent have been accunulated. The Commander-in-Chief and the heads of the departmentai are everywhere en- -ouraging the work, and., it is now all but completed. A considerable quantity of provisions has come up from Constantinople, and far more would have arrived but for the apathy-I was going to say jealousy-of those in power, both of the army and navy, who afford but very cold support. 3Bt we are far from having a sufficient winter store laid in, and the prospects before us are i anything but cheering. The thermometer for days' back has ranged from 3 deg. to 9 de.Fahreheit. The ice extends thre miles out in the by, where the ships are all fixed, the crews of which draw their supplies from the store laid Tip for the troops on shore. The enemy keep hovering in our rear, and there are reports that they await only thb formation of the ice to cross tne bay, burn the ships, and att-ack us in front. Besides being badly off for provisions, we are badly off for ammunition and guns also. Elated by their stuecess t-Kars, it is not unprobable that the enemy may attempt to repossess themselves of this place. Having thus premised, X will now describe the encounter on the16th. A large quantity of forage had been secured at a place called "thy SpAnish Farm," sevenor eight mileanorti-westof &ertch.The farm belongs to the Spanish Conmul at Odea, and the forage was purclased from his agent here. A strong guard was sent out to the farm to protect the foraguig parties, as on all, former ocamons, when the enemy found that forage had been thus weursed, they invariably came doown in the night and set fire to it, -and to the village also that, from their proximity, aPpplared tO aid us. MIaior tcDonald, coxnmangthis party,eanng that the enemny were approachig in considerable numbersu resolved, on n reconnaissanlce. Early on the morning of the 16th, with Captain Sherwood, his second in cormmand, and 84 troopers, he proceded i a noitherly direction eight or ten miles.withont seeing any of the enemy, then, proceedingwestward for soitie distance, he wheeled towards the south; he had not gone far in this direction when he perceived the enemy's advanced posts, who, seedily retring, werejoined by others. Major Mconald very im. prudently still rent on}, and in a very short time found that the force before him, now increased to three times the number of his own, were advancing towards him. Ats he retired towards his camp, the enemy closing galled himn with their fire, vhich his men were unabla) to return with their carbines. His men showing jgreat steadiness, and fiding the enemy outfanlkng his party, when a favourable opportunity occurred, he charged and cut his way through them, unhorsing from 20to 25. Puruing his way homewardfor some time unmolested, he found the Russians again on his flank. Having been reinforced by a fresh body, they now numibered upwards of 400. MfcDonald's men had been n the saddle from 8 a.m. and it was now 3 p.m., his horses wero fatigued, and his numbers,now somewhat rduced, were fast dropping of by the enemy's shot. Permutting them to approach him, and seeing thempreparingtocharge downuponhis smallbody, he again gave the order to charge. The two parties met th a crash-a dreadful hand-to-hand encounter took place, whichlasted for a considerable time. 39 of the contingent men only, with McDonald hinislf at their head (wounded), were this time withdrawn. These retired in as good order as [ could have been expected, and reached the camp about dusk, the enemy followng them mntil within sight of the camp, but without inflicting further loss. A flag of truce was sent out the following day to inquire into the fate of Captain Sherwood and the other wounded men, Major Goldsmid, assistant adjutant-general,andAssistant-SurgeonElkington being of theparty. They found that the wounded had been taken on to Argin, and there were introduced into the room where poor Captain Sherwood's body lay. He had died a few hours before their arrivaL The party who had gone witi the {lag of truce were isumptdously and most courteously treated. The | colonel commanding the Coesackalked of the whole :ffa2ras2 good30oke, ad said that theTurkish soldiers would never have shown such a bold front had they not been commanded by Englishmen. But they thought nothing of their "bad' that day compared to the "jolly Hussar bag"' they had made with much less resistance some time previously. enclose a copy of the General's order on tho ocasion of this last affiair. Now, although all must agree that it was most rash and inconsiderate on the part of Major McDonald to lace himself thus in the hands of the enemy, with no reserve to fall back upon, and no object to gain, it is satisfactory so far, that it proves how. well the men are disposed to act under our command; a mor trying, occasion could not have been found. If fair play is but dealt out to this force, it may become an army as great and remarkable as our Indian army. Brought tog,ether, as theofficers were, on short notice, at a time wvhen their services were urgently wanted, rif-raff of every description crept in with them; but the force has been to a great extent weeded of these, and we can now boast of as fie a set of veteran officers as any in Her Majesty's army. Ajealousy anfortunately exists on the part of the regular army towards us, because our pay is somewhat better than theirs. But are not the risks, a% has been shown in thepresent instance, that the contingent officers run greater than theirs ? There are but few officers to a regiment compaxed with those in one of Her Majesty's regiments. Ifeverwe come to work together this feeling may pass off. Her MajesWs troops at this place ae but nominally pluced under the comsmnd of our General, and the hospitals are in no way under our control 'When we arEived here, and it may be so still, the sick in Her MajesWs 7st were lying on the ground, although they had been here six months. Our men are all in comfortable raised beds. Another divided sort of command cannot be a-ught but in. jurious to the public service. Our General is extremely popular with all under him. His foree ilu the spring will be as follows --Now present here, 16 regiments of infantry, of 950 men each, 6 batteries, 1 troop of Horse Arillery, 200 cavalry (the rest of the atvalry had to be sent away for want of forage); at the Bosphorus, 2,000 cavalry ; at Varna, 5,000 Bashi-Bazouks, and 3,000 of the Polish Legion,-in all, close upon S0,000 men. *Mylittlbsketchwouldbe incomplete were Ito omit saying anything of our medical department. I have no hesitation in stating that it has done more to bind the affections of the men to our rule than anything else. When first brought among them cholera was raging i a very virulent form. The medical staffwere in confiusion; strangers to each other andto the men over whom they were plated, whose language was unknown to them, without old hands to teach them their duties or old records to guide them, they were dissatisfied to as great a degree as their patients were, Dr. MPherson, however, on his I anival pitched his tent with theirs, associated with the men, explained to them that he bad been for the last 20 years withManomeaans in I the Nizan's army, that Her Majestys Govenment. had sent him out to take care of them, and that he would treat them as his own sons. He speedily won their confidence, and has got his staf> 'who have proved first-rate men, into a system equal to that in any portion of Her M!ajesty's army. Two-thirds of them now speak the language. They are more esteemed by the men than any other oflicers in the force. Their patients are always sendinIg t:hem small giftis; they stop them inl the streets to sha:ke hanlds with them, and it isreallygratifying to see that their labouts have been so well rewarded. ExTRAAcr rnou GEAn-r Or,Mis By- LIE rENST- CrEYnAL VzvA, COE"ANDG TaRKLM COsNV GeNT. "The Lieutenant-General has received from MaJor McDonald, conmmanding th le itgimentof Cavalry, a re port of an affair which took place on the 16th inst. "The detachment encountered a force of lRussian cavalry at least fxve times their number, whom they most gallantly atthcke Major £cDonald reports that the conductof the i detaLebment under his commnand was moat adnirable; that, although overpowered by numbers in a hand-to-hand engagement; and galed bythe enemy's fire from a distance at which they were unable to return it, they showed great steadiness, and, cutting their way through the enemy, wera rllied and withdrawn in regular order. "The Lieutenant-General has to regret the loss of Ca.ptai Sherwood, Yuzbashi Alimedah, with about 40 men, who were killed or taken prisone-s in this umequal contest."
THE LIGHT CAVALRY RGA DR. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIES. Sir,-On our arrivdl hero from Eupatoria re found a large csse of bboksa aig ns, juEoAiiisly selected, and presented to the Dight CavalIy Brigade by Lady Georgiana Ryder. This present was accompanied with warm " comfortable'? housewives> and other things most useful to the men; and astheydesire to-gve expremion to their sincere thanks, I am sureyou wll e thisa place ir nvTimeswhich always fsud-space for whais connected witILthe wellbeing of thesoldier. I remain. Sir. Your obedient servant. IL HLOATT. ChaDhain. boutai, Dec. 28. Light Cavaiy Briade.
[Advertisement.]-" Inside SebastopoL" Mfesars. Chap. man and Hal beg to announce that thls work, which hs cauea so much expectation, was delirered by them to the trade on the 4th inag, andmay towb hebad t allkbookseUen and ciatuhbteg t le t pubished In one hbandmo SYO. volumeu with ilustative mars and rAk= ei ent.-" We can eomnnend '1he White Chief' to all readers wO deI a novel that shall make their hearts b~ audtalcc ther entirel ou ot thb ordinary wmy oH novel read.-ing.* mtha " Athenewum" of Jan. 5. The " DiGaran ette.a in reviewing thir wYork. etelareca that "in Coopers noves there is nsothing better td.neneb orti bof F.taait deC;iptineof Mntrcan scnr and of Indianwkr." Thme "(hiiei" of 7ee. 15, Sys, "lhe sot t iti viid ndfsieatr. the anderedtneverfigs, anGisortJ. wouni up to that p.th of Uainul intenoity thieh is so grateful to the epficureon novel ader." n rbliayed by DaimBigue, Fleetteaet ani i [Advertisoient4 gtWs " prneite n tisoy of . netgt in tesplyhed fn weturl numben prFlewd. nd in monthly pares prc Sd andtd. each. The tejt Y J. Y. bmlth i the mlustcatms, w hich axe of the Stt order, b,y Jon an lFrederick Gilhert,- J. H. ^ F:eema, &c Notioe to the trade.- dnaned on Toesetay booplet erHoueted *S,a g0v edition ot 2fes. 1 atbut hey xte not reprinal. t nd mab be had in aymtitee. ArstEnentetbaeebeeumadeto prevenlt dSaupointmn ?t inothe Iupply of the d.tur IInu mbert. icauegifve our orde6 and vTement.)" W"W rat evedebodysams mustle tre." Yr- And ~ Aex-mte uy oIn the CWmoiist.TeFm I anti oymnLaat2om-.6d.;Sb I re,meYoe dedOy"nearlyevemy newsppesredior One eieer ot the taeing mnatter as it contist is nowhere cise to be founsd; while the : eacttaDlEoeeife issoknot as "awork ofngreatoutllity, that "ourzauers,esecially thewiveaadSlOthnz among them,rhoeldget : wiotact Xdelsay;"Y * bUea 'Tesaee ina lteeowkw tsaid to be don. CfUi% i peae#. Wianlad Ioc, 15Z fl} 1aet~L .tAvYfttiaernon5he "Snay=im] of -Jauary13, g5nce oitbet Wa ogres in l'vi, its plns and tiuroe-the bdOi5aa ttBose bof lhAzroy fn tbe Vrimea-llinietcnial and 1lllia Movnenta a H e-Socl°daJ ihotooren gsof psthe Day-Mi the ltneleyl'olaoein ase' result of Fridlay' Inquaest-ity, Commuer. cial, and Monetary Dlgeat-oodon Matkets' Review-LIterature and Flnaxts-a,q Police. andOr mmoial rte- oe and the D Th nt Home and Ab.red-jl the 8iuorting Intelligen^ce oft-tbWe rek-sand ^ eleraphioDc patcltusuptothe hour tigomnstoprearP Three ediiona -Ilaturday n.orning, mniiiday. anii Senday mornui . Offloe, 103 Pleent~ct
THE WAI IN THE C&UCAStUS. (FRlOMI omB OWNV corBEoiOhDMT.) . [The following app ed in our second editioa of yes. terda;v :-- TURKISH CAMP, TEWI, UNGRI1AN, Nor. 2S. The cloudless days and starlight nights which have befriended us hitherto have deserted us just as we had prepared to march, and we are for the present storm-stayed in the same village from which I dated my last. TLe time, however, lhas not been nisspent; we have collected a large supply of provisions in dep6t here, and when we do mnove we do not expect another halt -until we reach Kutais. Au opportunity has also been afforded by our stay in one place of gaining, further information regarding the sentiments of the population upon this invasion of their country. I have occupied myself a good deal lately in riding about to different villages, visiting the natives in their houses, and conversing, with them upon their social and political condition; as soon as they are assured that their guest is English and Christian they freely express their opinions. The idea is firmly rooted in their minds that success on the part of the Turks is the inevitable -precursor of permanent occupation, and they do not hesitate to admit that they dread suchl a result far more than Russian supremacy, deeming it better to bear the " ils they have than fly to others that they know not of." They listen incredulouly to any assurances to the contrary, and ask when they are to expect an English or French force, whose presence will alone relieve them from these suspicions. Thas it happens that there is no friendlyfeeling manifested by the people for the armygenerally. Thevilagers look sullen ana discontented when a party of fezcapped gentry appear at-the doors of their konaks, and are loth to supply them with anything more comforting than a cup of water ora light for a pipe; and, so far from our stay in one pluce having increased their confidence generally, they probably attribute our halt to a fear of meeting the enemy, and assume an even greater indifference to us than before. The Mingrelians have had less reason to dislike the Muscovite role than the inhabitants of moat of the Transcaucasian provinces, because Russia has not found it either iecessary or politic to subject them to the severe treatment which others more immediately in the line of her Eastern progress have met with at her hands. She has deemed it vise to content herself with the right of quartering troops wherever s'he liked throughout the country, and the Mingrelians have benefitted by the protection which was thus afforded to them from the Circassians. She has allowed the revenues of the country to flow partly into the coffers of the Dadian family, partly into those of the principal landholders and slave proprietors, reserving to herself the duties upon imports and exports, and the general control of the commercial relations of the country. ExceptatRedoutEaleh she has not attempted to colonize, and, although the reigningfamilyis completely underRussian influence, that influence is only indirectly felt by the mass of the people. These are divided into three classes- 1. The Dadians, or reigning family, who are the proprietors of a certn number of villages, and receio from each house three dollars a-year, or a certain amount of tribute equivalent to it in krind, and the exclusive service of one member of the family, besides which they receive half-a-dollar a-year from every house in the country. 2. The nobles, who own a greater or less nunber of villages, and receive upon the same terms as the Dadians. 3. The serfs; the latter are nlot exoorted for sale, but go, as in Russia, with the land. Over each 5,01 of the inhabitants is an officer, called the qatchalliik, whose functions are to adjust disputes and administer jsice. In the ease of murder, the culprit is sent to Siberia; in that of theft, the owvnerreceives double the amount stolen, while a fine to the same extent is inflicted for the benefit of the Dadian. In addition to this, the property of all persons dying intestate falls to the reigning Prince. He is also entitled to a certain proporion of military service from the nobles. The lingrelian Militia number 5,500, and were paid by Russia at the rate of 15 roubles per monlth per man. The spirit of the popullation is however more mercantile than military, man it is much to be regretted that the restrictive policy of Russia should have ever exercised itS fatal infldunce upon so fertile a country, -wlhere the inhabitants would gladly learn to develope resources probably not strpassed in extent and variety in anypart of the world. Almostthesolelisewhichis at present made of the only navigable river in the province, the Rhion, is as a means of conveying contraband goods into the interior. It is to be hoped that one of the results of this war may be to throw open MiEngrelin to commercial enterprise. lNews has come infthat Moulravieff has issued a proclamation to the Mahomedan population of the frontier Asiatic provinces, warning them to beware of the unholy alliance which Turkey has formed.with the Westerm Powers, and pointing to the present occupation of Constantinople as a reason why they should mistrust the professions of the allies; at the same time, he assures them of the sincerity of Russia and the honest protection which she will ever afeord to her MIssan subjects. This piece of diplomacy has, it is said, produced a considerable efect in those quarters for -which it was more especially intended. NOVnMMIM 28. The violence of the weather for the last few days has not only rendered any attempt.at an advance out of the question, but has for the time affected our communication with the coast. Some of the temporary bridges whicn have been thrown over the streams where the old bridges were destroyed by the Russians have been carried away, anathe little river Ziewie, which runs through the camp, has swollen into an impetuous torrent, which has rendered the establishment of a ferry necessary. The admirable pontoon train wehich follows the army will doubtless prove msost valuable in these emnergencies. The day before yesterday three more spies were shot by order of Onmar Pasha. One of them was the adopted son of Said Bey (Prince DMritri), -who is a near relation of Prince Mfichael of Abasia, and a iVtajorGeneral in the Russian nrmy. PrinceMichael himself has returned to Shemsezrai from a visit to the Plincess Dadian, who still remains at Gordi, a mountain fortress about three hours' distance to the right of our line of march. 'What policy her Highness will pure in the difflcultposition which she is placed has not yet tra;nspired. A Ietter signed by Sc'hamyl has been received byOmarPasha, informiung him that he has closed the Russian communuications by the Pass of Derbenzd; as this is the rod principally used by the Russians for reinforcing their Transcaucasian army in winter, this manccuvre on the part of Schamyl, if it has been thorouglAy effected, is of the utmost importance. We have pushed our reco2maissances as far as the Sceniscal, a lare tributay of the Rbion, distant about 15 miles from this. In the course of one of these expe. ditions a party of our cavalry fell in with some Cossacks, whom they succeeded in surrounding, klMing one and making two prisoners; one of these has, however, since died of his wounds. The Russians were perceived in force upon the opposite bank of the river, but upon the approach of our troops they disappeared, and are supposed definitively to have abandoned the position The Sceniscal is a deep river, not fordable where the road crosses it, but said to be passable for horses at some distance both above ancd below the ferry. The recent rains will, however, render any attemptfto ford the river a somewhat hazardous undertaking. -Skender Pasha, with the advanced ouard, is at presentposted four mies distant, on the K-oura, unrder a steep hll, crowned by the cranmbling walls of the romantically situate old casle of Schetb, and about two miles froni the partially deserted tow of Sinlakia, zwhich is, after Sugdidi, the most considerable town in Min.. grelia. I rode over to it a few days ago, and found that about half a dozen of the more fearless and enterprising inhabitants stil remained kad kept their shops open, and were driving a profitable trade with fomnoing explorers from t;he ary, wshoedily pay exor'iitantVrices for tobacco, potatoes, and various other luxunles, their stock of whichl had latterly been getting low.. . The weather has much improved auring the last 24 hours, and I hope we shall be in a conditiou to march in a day or two.
uNrITE)? STATES. ROt£ OWN COW: D DMTr.) INEW YO BE, Ds. 26. ~(An other week has gone by without a choice of bpealcer.. Parties stand apparenfly where they did In the beginning of it. The Republican telegraphic despatch-still promises the election of Banks, arid the Democratic despatch still predicts his final defeat -all of which only hlows that nobody inows, or canI know, anything about it, until some half dozen of the " hhird Party" men shall make a demonI Etationof theirpurposes. MeanwhiletheNatimacf InfUigenlcer, a journal reiarkable for its prudence and caution, urges the organization of the ouse in the following pregnant paragraph:- * "From thzediscosres which took place in the conrse of last mouth of the compUicAted State o£ our xelations with England, and the critical nature of unadued matters between the two Goveranents, there is noom to infer that the pent-up national e-pos of the Euecutive is of . far mnore than ordinary imnportance; and during the inability of Congress to receive the communication and to take such cognizarce,as- may be proper of our foreign aflairs, the Executive may, by the force of circumstan,eg, be drifting into difficulties which the nationl Legislature, if made aware of them, might enable them to avoid. The very fact of the unsual and scruptlous care taken to koep the Message secret until it is laid before Congress starengthens theprobability of its unusal importance. it is, therefore, most earnestly to be hoped that the YousewWll now put an end to the idle ceremony on which almost three weeks have been spent, sad see to the state of public affairs, MIuch further delay may be fraught with the gavet consequences." This probably refers to the new instrtctions understood to lave been issued from the department of State concerning -the several matters at issue between the two countries, in which it is Bupposeathat theCentraAmerican question is discussed as well as the neutrality laws. The Mfessage has been kept closer than ever before. The precaution to guard agaiust any knowledge of its contents outside of the Cabinet Iba extended ven to. printing it -within the walls of the WEte House. This gives the President tho opportunity to let it receive the daily impression of popular sentiment, which is certainly more bluster- i ing among Washington politicians than here. The recent acts and orders of the British Government, although quietly left unnoticed ia the Americaln press, must have left soTe feeling behiid. And you must not be astonished if, when the Speakler is chosen and the Message delivered, and the Hous gets fairly at the discussion of our foreiga relations, you see all sorts of propositions brought forward. The Danish Soind dues question is not in a pIeasant state. This Government assentsto the pro- EFietyofliht and buoy dues, but no more. The laish Government are not satisfied with that adjustment, which wOuld stlip them of their whole revenue; the dues to and f rom Russiauncdthe United States being about $44,000 a-year, while the light anld buloy dues are only $400 or $500D. The New York: journals wil give you detailed accounts of the seizure of the lTicaragua steamer Northern Light for an alleged violaton of the nentralitylawsinttaking men and arms toNicaragua to engage in the political strifes now agitating that country. It is supposed at Washington that, with- out such aid, Walker will not be able to maintain I himself in his ne p position; and it is surmised here tthte move is also made to show the purpose of the Administration to put down all violations of the neutrality laws. The very characteristic letter. of the Attorney-General, authorizing the proceedings, may be construed that way:- "ttorey-General's Omce, Decm 24, 155. E" Sir,-By your coxnunication of thue 23d inst., to whichl Iatgeneral reply has been made in a previous letter of this date, it appears that Colonel Parker IL French is concerned in the engagement at NeOw York of persons and of arms for transmission to lNicarma-u. I reply specially on that point. " CoIonel French, by letter of the l9th inst., comunenicated to the Secretary of State a copy of what purports to be credential letters from D. Patricio Rivas, designated as Iocisory President of the Bepublic of rNicaragua, accreditmng him as Minister Plenipotentiary of that republic to the United States, and requested an interview preparatory to the formal presentation of said credentials to the President. " To this the Secretary of State repied by letter of the 21st inst., stating that the President does not yet see cause to-estblish diplomatic intercourse-with thepemsons claiming at this time to exercise political power in the State of IQicsragna; and. that, for auticient reasons assigrned, he does not at present deem it proper to receive anyone as a Minister to the Govemnnrvent dully appointed. by that Ilepublic. "tCopies ofethese twao lettersare herewith enclosed. "Yan will ths perceive that Coloniel Prench is entitled to diFplomatic privilege in theUnited States only in a very qunahfled degree. Re is not an accredited Mbiister, but simply£r ersoncomigto thiscountrytopresenthimselfas such,anarLxotreceived, by reason of its failing to appear that he represents any lawful Governrent. "'Under such circumstances any diplomatic privilege axcorded to him is ofmere transit, and of courtesy, not ful right; and that courtesy wil he withdrawn from hilr so soon as there shall be cause to beliee that be is engaged in here, or conLtemplates, any act not consonant with the laws, thie pvace or fie puhlic hononr of the United States. "Trhe President entertains all possible regard for the diplomuatic charcet, by whomsoever borne; but he cannot alowr it to be made a cloak for the infrigemenlt of otlr lawss or of our international obligations. Re, therefore, desires you to make dstnctlyknown to theprincil party the precise relations of the case, and to comamnnincate the same toall ot het parties concerned, in such isanner as you may find to best comport with the public intterests. Ihvthhonour to he, rely respectfully, ,,Mr. J. lxeon, United States' DistricM Attorney, :ewv York.` Under these and subsequent telegraphic instructions still more explicit Mr. lPKeon directed the detention of the vesseL M1r. White, counsel and managng ma4 of the company, assulred him that there were no Filibusters, but he persisted in ordering the seizure, and, when the vessel had started in iolation of his orders, had her brought to by a shot from the revenue cutter. It then appeared that, unfortunately for this city, about 150 of the 'worst part of the population in it were to be returned upon . us. Tle evidence of filbustering was too plain to be denied. The examinations will go on to-day, when the Government expect to prove that a regiment was duly enlisted and officered here to go out to lficaragna, under the name of colonists, and fight for Walker. It is sa that the Cuban Junta will aso be connected with the Nicaragua filrbustering. If so, this will be the second time that the present District-Attorney has overturned a conspiracy of these persons. The Washington corspondent of the N1ew YorA Trlbnte, who is usualy very well infornfid, miakes the following explicit chargesaainst Walker : "Some surprise was excited why General Coral with A superior force, consentedto a capitulation with General valker when he enterei Granada. It wll be lessened somewhat when it is knowuniliable information has been received representing that General Walker first seized 40 or 50 of the principal heads of families, and tIen notified. General Corral, ualesshe smurendered unconditionally, their lives should be forfeiited The dictates of humanity conceded what the policy of war might otherwise have denied. And -wben General Corral was subsequently murdered in cold blood, under the contuivance of a drumhead cournt martial, it was against the entreaty of al classes and sexes, backed bv the appeasi of the whole clergy, that he might at least be illowed an asylum in the Unite1 States. "It is well ascertained here that, butforthecomplicityof the Transit Company, in affording to General %Vzlkers troopa the means of reaching their destination, as well as for its aid in supplyin, -the ' sinews of - $2,000 since the success at Garanada this expedition must have faeled, as did. that of Colonel innev, to which it refused assistance. That compPMyobtained tie right of wa_$rom OicMarnaL for 90 Yes; bat it is muchq estioned, if a civil Government should new be restored, whether their contract wovld not be declarei null anc void, after this wanton comn bination to destny its existence and to establish a military despotism on its rulins. And. if that -day shoud) come, the Trnnsit Company may ind that the: Government' of the UJnited States 'wll decline tointerfere, as it has done alresdyin any adjustment of its diicuties with the State of ~icaragus. It is by no means imrobable that one of the first acts of the restoration of Civil authority-wrould be to ope the transit betreen the two oceans te. free comTetition, at a nomina tx; ind iperhaps this retribuion would be well merited by thoa who .ave conspired to overthrow the authority which conceded their monopoly." 1 ani told that agents of this Government have. been' concerned in mesuree to secure for the Supply of this country large deposits of guano recently found on- islnds in the Caribesn sea. It is maid that steps taken against the Venezuelan GIoMernmient had great influence in obtaining -the monopoly. Parties here who claim to have had rights in Bird Island (which was the subject of notice in Parliament some tune tince) charge aguint the Administration that their rights have not been poperly protected. The acOounts frbm Rnsa represent the.war as over. The Free State men state that the Miaoturims are in retreat; the Pro-Siavry raen that the -Abolition2ists (As ther eal them) havo surrendered. Both :gree that the danager O.t bloodshied is averteiw for the present,
!BX SULTAN A-ND THE EMPgRQR TfEBARN. I1 TheMoniteur of vesterdaypublishes a frlla of the veremony of prxentin the Grnd Cord the Legion-of Honour to the Sultan. 1t took on the 29th of December. - n- Thouvenei prioeeded in great Stati to =Plaleo of. Tchhaaa Four of the Sulta'S cTaiges were sent-to the Pxench Embassi for lf ad suite. The Ambaasador's earfiage drawn by four grays. This crage had baee pared in anticipatiort of the Emperor's vigit. At the foot of thes rcaeof honour iEf. venel was received by Ail Pai, the. Grand l we ing the Grand Cordon of the Legion of Hon Mehemed AIy Pasha, the Siltan's brother-int TighAdmirid; Ahmet tlii?Pazs brotlie4ii Of ES Majesty, Head of the Artillery, All G Paoha, the Sultan's so--m-law, Head of the Ho hold; Mehemet Ruschdi Pasha Ministei-of. Kibrisli Mehemed Pasha, President of the o of the Tanainiat; and by Chefik Pash Ps, of the Council of State. A company of the Sultan's bodyguard was -p in the hall. - - I M_ Thouvenel addressed His MLajesty as folo , Sire,-His miej the Emperor, my-angu a deigned to charge re with a most agreeable mission, of placing in the hands of your Imperial Yajestithe Cordon of his Order of the Legion of Honour. "Itistherasttbmo that the ferieship of 4Sov of France for a Sovereign of Turkey has nifested in so shiking and so persona a manner. 'our yIajesty 'Will therefore see, in the offRr of precious insigi, a proof of the sentiments of high and sincere nttment 'which the Imperor 2S entertains for your Majesty. This demnonstration, oi I am proud of being the organ, emanates also from thought, nd gives a peculiar signification to the o stance; it is a new pledge of the memorable Alliance henoeforth placesthe destniesof the Ottoman Empire the guarantee of the international law of Europe, anderthesafegardof thatdcvizationofwhichyoL li &ajesty, seconded by your Mlnister, in the accoaipli of the work to which the glory of your reignjs a announced, on your accesion to the throne, thatit wish to spread the mora and materil benefits among populations under your rule." His Majesty the Sultan, on reeeivingjfro handsoftheAmbassdortheR mperorsletter insi a of the Legion of Honour, as remarha th,e briliancy of the jewels in which they are for their exquisite workmanship,replled as foll "I consider these predous insignia, ot only as of the private friendship of eis Majesty theEinpe august SY, for myself, but also as one of the sequences of the memorable alliance which is d consolidate for ever those ancient relations of fi which eist between the two empires. I tb touched bY this mark of consideration on the part Majesty, as it is the farst foreign decoration which I and I am alsoglad to receiveitfrom the hands of tinguished an Ambassador as youxsel. "I sincerely hope that my untiring cfforts for 1 fare of al my subjects will be crowvned with the snecees, and that my empire having become, hen one of the members of the great E pean f prove to the whole nniverse that it is -worthy of an important pLace in the circle of civilized nations. 'ilnever forget the generous saciices which alies have imposed 'upon thernselrves to procre th gad gret result "I will wxte directly to the Emperor to thankh I request you, lMonsieur lYbamdeur, to make quainated with this expreson of mny senltimnlets.'" . ! = ~ ~ ~ ~~aios
A 21 UASTBIA2LA CONCOBD4r.U Tht following is translation of thecirci addressea by the Archbishopof Mil'into all booksellers, vendors of books or prints of e scription, resident in the city or diocess of e " Aks it is of the lut importance for the intac tion of our most holy Catholic faith and of that no errors of any descripton whatever should gated, in whatsoever manner, by means of books es, either print, lihogaphed or engra t;hat, in like mnner, the faithful should. n cited or led by the same into evil habits; repeatedly urged by our archi-episcopal duties, deploredthe deplorable license existing in this re bave energetically called upon the faithful to al the lecture of bad writings and from lolting at licentious pnblications, and we Lave vividly p to dl printers or vendors of such articles the damage they were doing their own souls, £Ouls of others, by propazating such species print, or rictures, evea by simply exposing th public view, and thereby trausgressing the sa tions of thel dezxa regards prints and the pub "Now-, however, thanls to the Concordaths chuded between the loly See and our most augt not only is the renmembrance of our dut of vigilant eye on the press furbished up ane pressed in the 9th article-' The ardibisho =nd al local priests are to exercise freely anthority to condemn with censure books de religion and to good morals and to keep hack from reading the same ;' bt we are pronisea th port of the secular authorities to withdraw the3s nicious objects from the eyes of the public, and their sale throughout the empire, to quote the w same article -'Rat the Government also n every necessary emedy to prevent the diffi boolks in tbe empire' We, acting in concert 't illustrious and most reverend clergy of IL sffiagants, firnly resolved to care for the spin our beloved diocesans by preventilg to -the endeavours the abuse of the press, and thereby bounden duty as a faithful minister of that one day call us to a strict account for tbesouls us, dothinktthe moment opportune to makekno municationtoallprinters, publishers, and nllven of every description, and printsellers in our they may avoid any disagreeable emergency or they might in future have to incur;-.- "That we, on the grounds of the dogma, of s of the rs-pect due to the clergy and to ecelesi will continue to exercise a vigilant eye Upon publications actaIly existng, andwill also tchupon bchasmayinfutare appear;' and serve as a ptivate -warning to piublishers of pernicious tendency towards religion and mo shall naot fallpublicly to sUppress them should in the same spirit, and, having incurred censure, declare them g _ilty of proiagating heretical doctrines, as well the writers as and promoters of the same; nor shall weou the aid of the Government authorities to supp "Tbat itbe incumbent uponallpubllshersor of the church, first,to submit t our eccesia tho writings or books of whatsoever deszriptio intend to print or reprint, not even excepting and church bools, that they may obtain then mission thereto; and we impress this ob them,thattheymaytnothave to incur thele fall upon them should we Ind ourseles le neceRSIty of calling in ihe aid o authorities for the $uppression of works alread "That it is incumbent upon all booksell from our ecclesistical revsion the persss coming from abrood, uless such are ahead lowed to be sold. "SFinaly we exhort e estly all prin damn their owmn oeuls, and the souls of thei plaing before the public imoral or scancalo a nature to throw ridicule upon the church or "'We geinbeseecb allourabove-mentioned .atholic church, by he bowels of Jesus Chra Bedeermer, not to lend a hand to the attan passions constantly incte against Divine tru a sordid gain to Their oen etern salvation their brethrss also rdeemed by His most Let them not becomne them.selves or for otl muents of q?erditinn by violating the ustu bhd prscrptions of the (Imurebc, hut, ti ,,11 bless themn for their obodience eren in they will rebmit with good grace to thee which will tranquMize their souls before them, also, from every tempora annoyanuce o " In the sweet hope of our wodsm being hr lovily give oar pastoral bleoAng to all of cated. "Done at our'Zpiscopal Paace at 3i otDec enber, 1855. (Signed) "BARTOLOMM3EO CARLA (Coumtersigned) "3? PI13TB0POND "A'vbiepi
U --_ L_.AW REPOCT.& WDMJ1TAI,? CO-UT£ O Wzp-rsi,iY, JZA. 9. _ -- ': JCOAW-OLUSIOI. - lpijoftD2*. LuSIU1{TQ.J I 'as.an action brought by the snow .oc!ncius, of the n of 178 tons, against the bdg Janies, of the burden I 4.ons, to obtuin compnpation for the leesi uStas1 zon of £ collisionhbetween them at 2 sm. on the 11th ber'st. The snow was bound from Gr emo.th oelwieh with a go o' shels, and, I=cordift to ea, when offthe eoast of Norfolk,t«e ight- being and the wind fresh from about w*yt, and un. ble for pa-sing ' h the - CEoce Gut, she min to lie to until mdnght * Her helmaw lashed board, a bright gnal lanter was hoisted on the port nd,and her he ly N. }E. While in thAt the Jamesw descried on the port bow, = Iess than half & m1e, approching the snow. The of the snow was put hartheport, and the James was pto ort her helm, bUt no attention was p.id to it; the Tan down with the wind free under the influence of tarboard helm, and struck the snow stem on on her bow, in consequence of which she afterwards sank. bringws proeedIsigfrorr Hamburg to Shields in ballast, as she represented, not being able to fetch the Humber, horn up for Yarnouth Roads. When in the Would off orough she was laid to on the starboard tack, with the d W.N.W., the helm being securedhardaport At the e inquestionshe observed the snow aparcutlapproachher about one point on her lee v. The brgswas lying . by S., and her helm Was kept hard aport, wnthout any ration, but the snow, wlhich had ported her helm, and paingtp leeard, caught the brg's jibboom with her oard forerigging,andtlusgaveriseto all the damage ch subsequently occurred. .ADAss and Dr. Twiss were heard for the ConmfDr. Ba-FoRD and another learned gentlemen for the es. elearned JuDGr, hiving ealled the attention of the er Brethren, by whom he was assisted, to the facts ot' the retired with them for consultation, and on returning court aid theywvere of opinion that there had been cule delay on the part of the Confucius in porting her -mtatthe James brsalsoto blame for not doing afo twasinhertL onertoavoidthe collision. She ought to e throU-n bachko her headyards then she sawr that a elon wa likely to take placc. The damage must be ded. he Scoonr Argo, of the bude of u173 tons, coal laden da froml Newcastle to London, ad the Prussian ship ona Heyn, of the burden of 579 tons, proceeding fr.om ntsic to London with a cargo of railway sleepers, cam-e icollision with each other near the Silver-pit, in the rth Sea, at 4 a.m. on the 14thoE July last, in consence of which both vessels snstained considerable damage. cfogwas so thick at the time that vessels could only -be cred at a short distance. Cross actions were entered by respective parties. )r wiss and Dr. Spinks appeared for the Argo, Dr. yford and Dr. Deane for the Emma Heyn. 'he learned JuGe., without hearing counsel for the ~er vessel, said the Elder Brethren we-e of opinion that collision arose from inevitable accident. Both actions st be dismissed.
EURu? OF BAtYKUPTCY, Bainghall-stret, Jan. 9. e U - RJR THOMAS PURDY. * (Beforc 3fr. comnmitoner FONZLsnQou k51e ~axtspC, who was a wmne merchant of Great Yar- came up to saSH his last examination. is accounts wved debts, 2,.00?.; assets, 1,iiOOt. ,fr. Lnc,s appeared for the assignecs; Mlr. Chidley for the akrupt, who passed. I~~~~~l 1- E 50LNO. rhe bknkrupt, an ironnionger of Kettering, in Northampishire, applied for his certificate. He owes to unsecured rditer,1 ;I47.; assets, about 2s.6d. in the pound. The pfits over a yearandeight months vere 191. jlosses, 3621. Ipenses, S50t. ; deficiency in 1S53, :350g. ~,fr. A. Txig.nsepposed, on the ground of reclless trading Id keeping no cashbook. if r. LThIcaATEa supported,ae Irtificate of the second class. npesdfra meit ais HMosouR said he could not grant a second-class certiate as the trading had been protracted much longer than as justifiable. He woould, however, award an immediate Atcate of the third class.
* lYSOLVENVT DEBTOS' COUBT, .an. 9. - IN BE JAMXES OBERT SCOTT. it (Before the CHE o ColmssxoN}M. This insolvent, fonnerly a captain in the 4th Dragoons, vlied to be discharged, and was not opposed. shdlexiited an agrgte aount of debts, ,231Th,, of w-hich 10,OSS were debts ithout consideration, d a Iare proportion of the remainder were mortgage and cured 'l'ebts. The insolvency was attributed to indiseretion iie young in raisin" money upon his property, and to ses at " hazard." Theo balance-sheet showved that during Jenod ranging from 1849 to 1853 thc losses on the turf by ttmng amounted to 30,000., and the losses at "hazard' ring the same tume were no less than rn,OOOt The leared Cossanssicoa excamined the schedule, and, ore beig no opposition, ordered the insolvent to be dis- Ih RE! JORY SCRAYN. This msolvent, vwho had carried on business at Oxford as general provisiondealer w-as opposed by Mr. Sargood for It appeared that in July, 1854, the insolvent obtained from his creditor to 1701., and on the 27th of the same 'hewasserved with a writ. By an appearance he irwthe creditor over the long Tacation. In August he ame to London andI got a friendly arrest on a capies. He etitioned the Court and gave baiL. A second capias was dedonabondfi1dedebt. Hepaid the money into court sot todraw it out. In September, 1854, his petion to this court s dismissed. ke retunmed to Oford, wdhen his creditors were about to get judgment ainst im le decamped with his goods, and was found at Exeter tthe name of Bridges. Th e surety in the capias had traoied some hundredLs of miles. The insolvent was brougoht Lecntdobn. He petitioned in April, bat delayed his schedunle The CHEF CoMsUssioxso considered it was a very bad se, and gave a judgment of 15 calendar months for making way with property.
I 3IAIDSTONE COUVTY COU2. p THE MALTER OF THE HON. ADOLPRUS FREDERICK X CMAP I (Before Afr. EsPUSASSr, Judge.) flls insolvent (brother of the Earl of Essex), whose case ;vaamentioned in e Tnes on the Gth Tlt., again appeared m Tuesday, on his application to be discharged under the ct, be' naprisonr an Maidastone GaoL Mr. wooUett, bister, opposed on the parb of several reditors resident at Worthiing, and Mr. Sargood supported. On the former occasion an objection was taken to an omitted residence in the schedule, and the-case stood adcuroed. The debts in the schedule were 3,1671., from the ear 1850, and the insolvency was attributed to having been appomnted in the amount of his portion under the will of eneral GapeL The insolvent had received a gratuitous owance from his family, and his wife's family (Eord Mayard's), of 1,400. a-year, including a sum of money which d been paid by the Earl of Essex. There were more than 00 creditors in the schedule, and, being arrested in the ounty of Kent, he petitioned this Court. The case occupied the Court from 12 to past S o'clock, and vas prindally confined to the examination of the insolent. From his examination it appeared that he was 42 as old. In 1849 he had applied to the Insolvent Debtors' ourt,_ander the protection statutes, and his debts were hen 25,149. It was very likely he was cautioned by the ommissioner, but he had no recollection of it. He lad done his best to keep out of debt. He resided at orthing when he took the benefit of the act. He left orthing in debt to about 400. or 50. His establishment onsated of a man-servant, cook, lady's-maid, and nurseryaid. When he left Worthing he went to Albyn's-house, apleford Abbots, Essex, which ulace he took after he itted Worthing. It belonged to Sir T. Abdy, and stood apark. Therentwas 120I., furnished. He brought his ,wfurniture from Worthing, worth about 600!. He was med atoanunberof debts and toabill of sale given en Mr. Valiance was his solcitor. He proceeded to state at he raised 5. in March, 1853. At the time he gave e bill of sale he had not the slightest notion what his debts were. Theymight have been SOO. or 1,000!. The bill of sale included the furniture he had at Worthing. Mr. Vallance paid some of the Worthing creditors, and he (insolvent] got about 50!. Ire had kept a carriage and two horses at Albyzs-house, at which place he added two servants-a coachman and laundry-maid. He had not at one time more than two carriages and two horses. He left Albyn's in March Last. He was there two years after he gave the bill of sale. Be had bought a little fT*niture after he gave the bil of sale. His brother (the Earl of Essex) paid 60!. for rent for him atAlbyn's-house. Hlis brother had neverpaid debts for him, but had lent him money; he lent him 600!., which was afterwards paid. The furniture was not all paid for when he gate the bill of sale. When he left Essex he came to Jondon.- He was annoyed by duns, and wanted to get out of the way of them. He afterwards went abroad, but not to .void'the dons, but for change of air and for pleasure. He did not bring any furniture away from Albyn's-house-it was all sold in London by auction. He had never kept an account at Messrs. Drammonda', and never represented that the hadE one. Drummonds were the familv bankers, and he used to make his hills payable there. Wren he had mo his blls were paid in that waT. He had gven bils yabl at Dremmonds' since his insolvency. He had bills ayable at Worthir but had no account there. His (insolvents income hadlbeen about 1,000L a-year. In reference to the con-plaint that debts were improperly contricted and incurred without reasonable expectaticns of pyment, it appeared that he expected neans to pay the debts. He had not lived at %00M. a-year, but about -:3 500!,andilid.not know that it Asaz somiuch. He expected h isfr.iedsdwould assist him after the death of General Capel His income was about 1,000, a-year, made rp by his father-in-law, Lord Maynard, his- brother, the Earl of Esse:, and his mnother-in-law. Lord Maynard regular forwarded to Mrs Capel 150!. a-quarter. To M. S.1RGOOD the insolvent stated that he had resided' Lye years at Worthig. His last insolvency. was made pulc rtt weIUalkeclabout. Hebadnoiliffcultyin redi ned as to his debts to ihe, ocang creditors and thc moieypaid to creditors while appeared that offiers of rrangement had been made by Mr. Lewis (lSewis and Lewris), who was profednDrcn cerscdfor theCinsolvent. -pfessionally con- IRtwas contended that the debts with the opposin'igordi. tora bad been improperly contracted, and at a time when there eouald not have been anyxees blEor probable expectationsof payment- Onthe part ofthe insolvent it w ured that he had fully dxpectd fo pay thc creditors atWor.thing and the learned counsel shoed,fromthenature f thebt that $ch mes bave been tie case in the in'olyezWwnind, rhe folnuer insolveny W4 nit6Eis and well known to the pubui4eand ito-te YF orUig-creditors.- It WA&-well -knowathat M. apel.'nea anx llowance from his family, and the cr ditors,,w.ltyes ait expectatifos be had of paying the t.%*ne JeaUDGXC eIpressed hinmself of opinion that the 'S1 ot the detaining and opposng creditors had been conbtcted without reasonable or probable expectations of pSyment. - It was his duty equally to adminmstcr the law and be feltbound to give an adverse judgment. He c6ncauded by pronouncin a judgnent of 12 months' imprisonment, at ffhe suit cf the detaining creditors, four in number, for havin: incurred the debts without reasonable or probable expectationxof payment. The jadgment is computed from thc vesting order at the end of October. There is no a3ppeal in matters of insolvenx.y from the County Courts, either on the part or creditors or insolvents.
CENTRAL CRIMINAL COUBT Jan. 9. OID COUERT. (Before Mr. Baron MARTIn and 3Mr. Justice CRowDra Upon the application of Mr. Balantine, the counsel for the prisoner, the trial of Thomas Corrigan for the murder of his wife was postponed to the next session. Mary MWNeill, 26, described as a spinster, was charged with the wilful murder of George M?Neill, her son. There was a second indictment, charging her with the murder of another of her children, named Edwin MWNeilL The prisoner pleaded " Not Guilty" to both charges. The first indictment was then proceeded with. Mr. Bodldn and Mxr. Clark conducted the prosecution; the prisoner was defended by M£r. Ballantine and Mr. Sleigh. The learned counsel for the prosecution, in opening the case tothe jury, said that, although the prisonerwas charged by the present indictment with the crime of wilful murder upon the personof one of her children, it would be imnpossible to conceal from them the fact that the prisoner had in reality destroyed two of her children by cutting their throats. Ofthis fact the evidence would, he believed, leave no possible doubt, and the only question that would arise in the ease was whether the prisoner at the time the act was commnitted was in a state of mind to render her criminaUy responsible. He then briefly stated the facts of the case, and the following evidence was adduced:- Henry Charles Pickering said,-I resided at No. 17, Murray-street, Hoxton, in November last. The prisoner was the landlady of the house, and occupied the lower part of it. She had three children, and the eldest was the de ceased, George 31'NeiDl. On the 29th of November I sawthe deceased alive for the last time. About 11 o'clock at night the prisoner came into the kitchen, and I saw no more of her that night. On the following morning, as I was going down stairs, I saw a easlibox and a gown piece lying on the staircase. I knocked at the prisoner's door and asked if she was up, and she replied, "Oh, what have I done ?-oh, what have I done ?' I at first thought she alluded to her leaving the cashbox on the stairs, and I pushed the door open and went into the room, and there saw the baby lying on the bed with its throat cut. The prisoner had hid herself behind the door, and I did not see her. I gave an alarm, and in a short time a policeman came, and I told him what had happened, and he went into the prisoner's room, and I there saw two children lying dead. The third child had been taken into the country about a month before. I observed a razor lying upon the bed, and I found it was one that belonged to me, and which I keptin abox in the kitchen that was locked, and I saw a key taken out of the prisoner's room that fitted the box. Some one had meddled with my razor a sb ort time before. It was taken twice out of the case during a fortnight, and put in the wrong way, and I complained of it to the prisoner, and also asked the children whether they had been to the drawer, and they aU denied having done so, or that they had meddled with the razors. I then said that Iwould have a lock put upon the drawer. Cross-examined.-The prisoner seemed to be weU off, and to be amply provided with clothes and all other necessaries. She seemed to bevery happy and comfortable until a shorttime before the children were kiDed, and I then observed that a change took place in her appearance. She became very melancholy, and was frequently moaning over her chldren. I knew of no cause for her becomi"unhappy,but the change was very marked in her. Iave heard her complain that her children had no clothes to go out in. This was not the fact. The children had very good clothes indeed. Eleanor Pickering said,-I am the wife of the last witness. He had lived in the prisoner's house more than a twelvemonth. I observed a great change in the prisoner's demeanour zfter her last child was born, and I believe she had the milk fever. She frequently told me that her children had no clothes to wear, and she appeared very unhappy and low-spirited. The third child was sent into the country in consequence of my having observed the prisoner hold him over the balusters, and excin, "' ru drop him, rn drop him r" Myhusband mentionedthisto her friends, and the child was sent away in consequence. No one slept in the prisoner's room but she and her children on the night this dreadful occurrence took place. Edwin Thompson, a police constable, said,-Upon going into the prisoner's room I saw two children-one in a cot and another in the bed-withtheir throats cut and dead and cold. The prisoner was sitting on a stool, rocking herself about and muttering some words to herself. I asked her if she had killed the children, and she replied. " Yes, I have done it; oh! my poor children, what shall I do!" The prisoner was dressed. I saw a razor and a towel in the room. There were stains of blood upon the towel, and there was also some bloody water in the washhand-basin. I also found a key which fitted the box where Mr. Pickering kept his razors. sait od' surgeon to the metropolitan ]police force, s that he saw the bodies of the deceased children on the same morning, and they had evidently been dead for several hours. M 3r. J. M Gibson, the surgeon to the gaol of Newgate, said that from what he had seen of the prisoner he- was of opinion that she was undoubtedly insane at the time she committed the act imputed to her. In answer to a question by Mr. Bnusans, the witness said he was aware that the father of the prisoner was confined in a lunatic asylum as an incurable lunatic. This was the case for the prosecution. Mr. BALTAyrn.- said, in his address to the jury for the prisoner, that, after the manner in which the case had been laid before them by his learned friend, and the facts already in evidence, he considered it unnecessary to detain them by any lengthened observations, as he felt assured that after the testimony that had been adduced as to the condition of the prisoner's mind at the time she committed this dreadful act, and the additional evidence he should produce, the jury roild be fuDlysatisfied that she was in a state of insanity at the time, and vwas consequently net legally responsible for wfhat she had done. The mother of the prisoner was then examined, and she gave strong confirmatory evidence as to the condition of the mind of the prisoner, and also stated that her husband, the prisoner's father, was at present in an asylum as an imcurable lunate. M1r. Asnsden, a medical gentleman, who had attended the prisoner after the birth of her last child, proved that she had milk fever, and that her mind was considerably affected after that event. Mr. Baron MAuTn then briefly charged the jury, who at once intimated that they had agreed upon a verdict of Not Guilty, on the ground of insanity. The prisoner was ordered to be detained during Her Majests pleasure. Sarah AlIen, A3, a married women, was indicted for the wilful murder of two of her children, Wiliam Allen and Arthur Joshua Allen, hy drowning them. The first indictment proceeded with was the one charging her ith the murder of Wiliam Allen, a child six years old. Mrr. Bodkin And Mr. Clerk prosecmted: Mr. Parry was counsel for the prisoner. Mr. BODn-a said that the present case was somewhat similarjto the onethat had just been disposed of by the JU and he was afraid that when the uryhad heard the eidence he should produce, they would be compelled to come to the conclusion that the unhappy woman at the bar had been the means of causing the death of two of her children by drowning them in the Thames. The circumstances were undoubtedly of a very unusual character, and he believed there would be no doubt that the prisoner had been labour. ing under some extraordinary delusions with regard to the children,andthat the act wras probablycommitted while she was under the influenco of that delusion. In the result, therefore, it appeared tohim thatthe only question the jury would have to decide would be the same as iln the last case, whether at the time the prisoner destroyed the lives of her children she was in such a state ofmindas to render her ree 'osble .he foDowing witnesses were then examined:- Mrs. Elizabeth Woodlard said,-In November last I was a lodger in the house of the prisoner and her husband, in Portland-terrace, Chelsea. Theyhad three children. The deceased was the eldest child. He was six years old. The youngest child was about 11 months old. All the children were boys. I remember the 15th of November. It was a very foggy day. The prisoner went out with her three chidren about half-past 5 o'clock in the evening. I said to her, "Are you going out this foggy night with those children?' and she replied, "Yes; I am only going on a little errand." The prisoner's husband came home about a quarter: to 6O'clock, but at 12 o'clock at night the prisoner had nof returned. On the followimg morning she passed me on the stairs and a woman named-Richards-was with her. I afterwards saw the dead body of the prisoner's child William. Cross-examined.-The prisoner and her husband lived on very good terms, and she always appeared very affectionate *to her children. In their station in life they had a very happy home. I know the prisoner had an opinion that her chidren were scrofulous. I had a book on the subject of scrofula and king!s evil, and the prisoner borrowed it of me toread. The chlldren werevery clean lookingand healthy, and did not present the least appearance of scrofula. I frequently heard the prisoner say that her son Willy looked very ill; and thathe-had scrofua in-his blood.- I considered this was an entire delusion, and I endeavoured to remove it from her mind, but I could not do so. She always said that I was wrong and she was sure she was right; Upon other subjects the prisoner was a sensible, intelligent woman, The prisoner entertained the delasion about screfula before she read the book upon the subiect. John Maizey said;-I resideat Chea. I remember the night in which the children were taken out of the water. About 5 o'clock I was near Cheyne-ralk, and met the prisonercoming along Church-street, which is about 120 yards froml the river. She had herthree children with her, one o each side and one in her arms. * I know the prisoner, md sshe Passed me she said it was a very foggy ght, and I reSLe4, "1Indeea, it - The piner then walked e ri' .te ctionof-the wIl.er, John Page Godb" sa;d,-I au awaterman at the CadQeanpier, Chelsea inthe nightof the 15th of Novembe 1 wvas upon the dvuamy at the end of the pier, when my attention was attMed by the cry of a child apparently in the water. I gct into aboat and proceeded in the direton of the noise aT picked upa child apparently about U mnonths old. I only saw this one child n the water. - Joseph Reynolds, a waterman's apprentice, said,-Ivas in Cheyne-walkon the evening of the 15th of November,. when I heard a cry of "Police P" and I in consequence ran down the steps to the water, elose to the pier. I got into the wateras far as I afely could, and then junped into a boat. I heard a sound of splaahing and strugglng in the water, but I could not see anything, on account of the night Cbeing dark andfoggy. I madeein the direction of thesound p and pulled a child about three years old out of the water. Before this Ihad heard the voices of three children crying from the water. Two children were got out of the water, but the third child was drowned. Robert Thick, a cabman, deposed that on the evening in -question he was near the4lladogan-pier, and he heard the cries of two children coining from the water. He went to l the side of the river and saw some dark substance foating in the water up the river. It was about 16 or 18 yards from the shore. Wialina Cusack gave similar evidence as to hearingthe cries of children from the river. He afterwards saw two children brought out of the water; they were taken to the workhouse and restored, and were afterwards delivered to the husband of the prisoner. Philip Parker deposed that on the 18th of November he foundthe body of the deceased child William in the river, near Vau'hall-bridge. It had the appearance of having been some time in the water. M Woodland was here recalled, and she said that last June the prisoner complained very much of her head, and she used to cut her ann and say that powder came out of it, and that was the disease. Mr. John Coates, a waterman and barge and boat builder at Chelsea, was caUed to speak to the condition of the tide at the time in question, It appeared that it was within an hour of high-water. He also stated that there was a waU aud posts and chains on each side of the pier to protect passers-by from falling accidentally into the river. It also appeared that there was a gate at the top of the steps leading into the river, which was always shut at night. Tho gates of the pier, it appeared, were also shut at night after the last boat had gone. Mrs. Richards said,-I have known the prisoneralong time. She came to my residence, in Cirencester-place, Fitzroy-square, on the evening of the occurrence. It was about 7 o'clock when she came. She was alone, and appeared to be very desponding and in at distress. I hardly knaw her at first. She said hat she ,ished to speak to me, and then she added, "I have lost niy children." She was cryng. I told her to come up stairs, and inquired where her husband was; and she said she had not seen him since the morning. I then told lier that she must go to her husband directly, and she said, " No, I cannot go back." I then told her that whatever might have happened she must go to her husband, and that he was her best friend. The prisoner kept repeating thatshe could notgo toherhusband, and it as' o'cleock in the morning before she consented to go home, and I then accoompanied her to her husband's house. The prisoner gave me no account of what had taken place, hut merely stated that she had lost her children. Whenl we got to the door of her house the prisoner took out a key and let herself in, and I told her to go up stairs and see if her husband was at home, and she did so; and she knocked at her husband's door, and he let her in When he saw her he said, " Sarah, it cannot be you ;" the prisoner said, " Yes, it is," and she added that I was down stairs, and I went up and saw one of the children lying in the bed, and the prisoner took him up and kissed him, and said, " Where did you get him from F' The prisoners husband then said, "Where is Willy 1" and she made no reply. He then asked wliere the baby was, and the prisoner said, " Where is my baby ? Why cannot I have my baby "1 The baby was at this tinie in the charge of a nurse. TheR x prisoner repeated the words, " Where is my baby?" a greabt many times. By 3r. PAumny.-The prisoner appeared in an agony of grief when she came to my house, and I never saw her in such a state before. The prisoner and her husband lived very affectionately together, and the prisoner was a very goodvwife, and appeared passionately fondof her children, and was, if anything, too indulgentto them. Ikunow of the delusion she entertained respecting her children beinr scrofulous. It was no use reasoning with her. She would say, " My hutband is rtined, my children are ruined-we are a ruined family." A relation of the prisoner died in a lunatic asylum. The deceased was a remarkably finc, healthy child. The prisoner fancied not only that her clildren wrere screfulous, hutt that she and her husband were also sutfferingfrom the disease. She often asked me to look at her eyes and forehead, and she said I could see that she had the disorder. A. inspector of police proved that on the 16th of November he went to the prisoner's house, and found her in the kitchen, and upon her seeinig himn she began to cry. He told her he must take her into custody for causgin the death of one of lier children, and she said, in reply, "Let me have my baby." He then asked her whether she took her child William out with her on the previous night, and she made him no answer. X. Tlhbett, a surgeon, deposed that he had been in the habit of attendingthe prisoner and her children, and she frequently expressed a fear that her children were suffering from some imnpure disease. He examined the children, but could trace no foundation for the statement, and he told the prisoner so, but it did not appear to alter her opinion, and she said they would have to sufferfor some years, and die, and she would rather they should die than liveand sffer. He considered that it was an entire delusion on the part of the prisoner. The prisoner complained of swelling of the headuand pains in the bones, and fancied she was suffering from some disease of the skin. There was no foundation for this. Upon one occasion he met the ri. soner accidentally with her children, alid he remarlked how well they were lookig; and the prisoner replied, "Oh dear, no; they are far from w aellc ; In answer to a question put by MTr. PARRY, ;Mr. Tibbetb said that supposng the prner to have com itted the act with which she was charged he considered it v tery ossible that she committed it under the influence of the delusion that she was doing herohildren a kindness by saving them from sisery and disease. - - I imr. PaRui then addressed the jury for the prisoner. He siod he could harl believe at they would convict her ofe the crim ilful m ron th scanty evidence as tot the circumstances under whichthese unhappy children came into the water, hut if they should consider it was established thattheprisoner had reay thron them in, he suibmitted that there was ample evidence to convince them that at thefo tme the act t as committed she wass labourmg under the delusion that had ben mentioned, and that she was not aware she was committing a wrong act, andwwas, therefore, not criminally responsible. Dr. Rlowe was then examined. HIe stated that he had devoted a great deal of attention to nervous diseases, and Was the author of a work upon the subject. He said he had visited y t prisoner silce she hadheen inNewgate, andefend that she wAs still under the delusion that her children were suffering from scrofula, and she told himn that their fore heads projected, and that their eyes were starting from their heaids. He reasoned with her, hut it had not the least effect. He had no doubt that the delusion had been very much strengthanedby the perusal of the book that had been mentioned. A delusion of this kind was very common amogm persons of a nervous temperament, and, although it would somatimes disappear, very great care and long treatment were generally required to obtain that result. By Mr. BoPnn.-The prisoner told him that she considered her children were better off now they were dead. A deluion of this haracter was very likely to induce the commission of such an act as the one now charged against the pnsoner. ur. Gibson, the surgeon of Newgate, was then called, and The confilmed the evidence of Dr. Rowe, and also stated that Iit was his opinion that if the prisoner, had throw,n the cliildren into the watershe was incapable at the time of distinfguishng between right and wrong. Mr. Justice CROWDEf then briefly summed up, and the j1ury at once returned a verdict of aot Guilpy, upon the Iground of insanity. The leamed Judge gave directions that this prisoner should also be detained in safe custody during Herpsajesty's pleasure. - b Edward Harvey, 31, and Harriett Ray, 33, were indicted for the wilful murder of HarniettHarvey by starving her to death. Mr. Bedin and Mr. Pol?and conducted the prosecution; thpnsoners nohcounse a uncrcmtncsmder which this charge was preferred have appeared very recently in the police reports and inthe proceedmgs before the coroner. The male prisoner was a widower withfourechildren-the deceased, who was about five years old, an older girl, one of ten years and a half, and a boy about three years old-and he and the woman, it appeared, had cehainted together for about eight months, and passed as man and wife. In the month of December the| whole family occupied one room in Brunswick-street, Hack. ney,andthereappearedtobeno doubtthat they were in amost miserable and destitute condition. On the morning of. the 2Sd of December the mnale prisoner went to the landilady of the house and told1 her that two of his children were dying, and she gave him the address of Mr. Vinall, the medical officer for the district, -and he proceeded there, and that gentleman accompanied hi back to his lodging, where he found the decasd girl lying dead rpn oa miserable mattress and another child, W-illham, in a dying state, and he e.xpired shortly afterwards. The children p resented a most dreadfully emaciated ap-E pearance, and the only-food that was seowsa small guan- tity of rice and oatmeal, but the female prioner sait.hat the children had eaten aheamysupperon te previous niht. 'Upon a post or-texamination of the deceased children not a vestige of food of any kind was found in the stomach, and everyportion of fatland been ibsorbed, sd Dr. Letheby, the eminent professor of chynmistry, who wias calledupdn to examine and analyze the intestines and stomach, epressed:1 'his opinion that the death wrere the result of a log continued course of deprivation of nourishment. It shoulbdbe statedthat inthe stomach of boththe deceasedthere were found some small pieces of wood, which they hadno doubt devouredin.theextremityoftheirhunger. In order to establish. the charge againstthepriaonets evidencewas adducedto show that in July lt-the male pn4 was comtted to Prisen from, Worswiiptree= for illusng and deserting the children, and when they were afterwards delivered up to hlim they were healthy ana in good condition, and it was proved that very soon afterwards the appearddvery emiciated and-in a mnost niiserabe state, and Wtha the.deceased chlld, Harriet,: upon seve"a occasions had been seen to pickup offal in the street and eat it ravenously. It was also proved that the prisoner hadreceived. asistance from the parish inthe shape of.food; andnat an order was given him for work at which he could have earned 10s. or l16. per week, bht that he would not avail himself of it. It likewise appeared that the prisoner had be<un employed at his trade of a br'ickldayer ,in October, and. shortly before the deaths of the children, and that he received between Si and *31 for wages, outb of which sum, howrever, it appeared ho had to pay a man who assisted him. . ' The prisoners, when called upon for their defence, degdared that they had done all in their power for the children, and hat they6"irdthewh6leof'thefood they were ible rtoobtain _ Baron MAit7w, on summing up the case to the iury, expressed an opinion that- there was not sufficient evidenoe to support a charge either of murder or of manilaughter against the female prisoner. With regrd ta.the nun, he. as a parent, was bound t maintain offspring,. and if the jury should behieve that he had wilfully 4withbeld. proper food and nourishment from. these children, and death was the result, he would, in the eye of the law, be guilty of maurder. If, however, they should be of opinion that this fact was not fully. established, but that the evidence rather tended to show that he had nelectod his duty, either by not going to work or by refusing to go into the workhouse with his family an offer having, it appeared, been made to him to that effect, and that the consequence of this neglect was that the children were starved to death, ix that case they would he uified in saying that he was guilty of nsughter Jury, after a very short delibieration, found the man uitj of manslaughter, and 4 tL the woman. Sentence was deferred. NEW COURT. (Before the RwCOnDmR.) Henmy Munnery, 37,labourer, andJameslIenryBeckly,22, drug broker, were indicted, Munnery for stealing and Beckly for receiving two tarpaulins, valued at 81., the property of the London, Brighton, and South Coast Railway. Mr. Robinson prosecuted; Ir. Metcalfe defended Bekly, and Mr. Lilley defended Munnery. It appeared that upon the 5th of September the prisoner Beckly was taken in custody for impropriety of conduct towards somo woman, and upon his bemg searched 141. in money, and 104 duplicates were found relating to property of considerable value. The duplicates creating a suspicion that they related to stolen property, the police seatched a house in Lorridale-buildings, Aldersgate-street, where the risoner lodged, and they there found the two tarpaulins mnquestionihidden ina back kitchen, to which place they had been removed from the room occupied by the prisoner shortly after he was in custody. Both of the tarpaulins were in good condition, and had been stolen some few months ago from the company. The police then obtained information that the prisoner and Munnmery had brought the two tarpaulint, and upon his being talken into custody he at once told the Police that ho had taken them to the house of Beckly, and named a servant belonging to the company as the thief, but the maistmnte did not entertain thie charge. ThEe RECOEDERn, having heard the evidence, expressed an opinion that it did not sufficiently carry home the charge to Beckly, and directed his Acquital. The Jur~y found Munnery Guity, and evidence vas given of his having bceen before convicted and suffered one year's imprisonment for stealingproperty belonging to the gouthWestern Railway. The prisoner Bckly was then indicted for receiving sOlb. of bark valued at .31., the property of Samuel Iloyd HIoward and others, vrell k nowing it to have been stolen. The prosecutors in this case are manufacturing chymists at Stratford, in Essex, and the bark in question, which had been partly prepared for the manufacture of quinine, and not in a state ever sold to the trade, vs found in a room at a house in Aldersgate-street, where it had been removed from prisoner's posse6sion by a girl with whom he cohabited. Prisoner had, it appeared, been in communication -with a servant to Messrs. Howard, who had been discharged for theft, and some booksbelonging to prisoner bore entries of the purchase of drugs from some person bearing the same name as tha' servant. In cross-examination it was elicitedthat other drugs were found in the sanie place, which had been in prisoner's possession, and that he delt largely as an agent hat class of goods. The identity of the property was not at all distinct, neither could the prosecutors speak wiith any certainty as to having lost any bark or other drugs. The RECORDER having summed up, The jury Acquittcd the prisoner. TIIRD COURT. (Before Mr. RussELL Gumn,.r, Q.C.) George Jones, 25, cigar maker, was indicted for burglary in the dwelling-house of Edward Wood. Mr. Payne prosecuted, and Mr. Salter defended. The prosecutor, who lives in Old-street, St. Luke's, had gone out at about half-past 6 upon the evening of the 23d of December, leavinghis house secured, but no one in it, and upon his return, in about half an hour, found it in the possession of the police, and a great mob of people about the door and in the hack yard. Upon his gomg in he found that a great portion of his Property had been packed up and carried into the back yard, ready to be carried off. The police-constables stated that upon the alarm being given of some one being in the house an officer was stationed at the front door while others went into the rear. He had not long been there before he opened it, when prisoner came rushing out and almost knocked him down. The prisoner, in his defence, said that being near thespot and hearing the polce sergeant say that some one was in the house, he said to the consitable, *"Let us goto thebhack," and that he ran round before the officer and got into the backwindow,withthe intention of lettinginthe police,when he was taken into custody. The prisoner, who made this statement with all the a parent earnestness of truth, affected great surprise at the jury finding him guilty. A police-constable then gave the Court a history of the prisoner. He had known the prisoner from a child, and had him in custody when quite a boy for picking pockets at Stepney fair. In 1851 he was imprisoned for attempting to commit a felony; in 1852 he was imprisoned for 12 months, and in 1853 for two years, for having in his possession housebreaking implements, and had been but a short tinie out when this offence was committed. The prisoner was sentenced to four years' penal servitude. John WVhite, 21, labourer, was convictedof a burglary in the dwelling-house of HIery Potter. The prisoner, whose aias is Donovan, was stopped by the police carrying a box, which had been stolen from prosecutor's house, and when he saw them coming pretended not to know he was seen, and cried as if to some one behind him, " Sal, come on and take the box," and when the police spoke to him, begged that they would go with him and endeavour to find the girl who had asked him to carry the box. From the statement of the police it appeared that this prisoner had been a thief from boyhood, and, after a seiies of convictions aud imprisonments, was in 1852 transported for seven years, and obtained a ticket-of-leave in July last. The prisoner, when called upon for sentence, began to cry, and in a whining tone said that he was quite innocent of what he was transported for, and so he was of the present charge. Mr. Guwnr-y said that at present four years of prisoner's former sentence remained unexpired, and he should therefore now sentence him to six years of penal servitude.
POLICE. Mssosr-so.UM-Greenland, Roffey, and Daniels, tho lads who were on the 24 inst. charged with having feloniously wonnded Secker, the housekeeper of fr. Crosslaad, of Fenchinrch-street, bookseller, with itent to prevent their aonfi,w apprehension for being found on the premiSeS cormitting a felony, and a young man named Cook, charged with being an accessory before the fact, were brought before Sir B1 W. CAEiDES for re-examnination on Tuesday. Mfr. Bucbaaaa appeared for Rloffcy and Daniels. - The followmng is the additional evidence a,gainst the prisoners, who arc all boys. Cook was apprehended afte the first examination of the three former pnsoners- Joseph Browna (584) said-I went on the 4th of January to Xo. 13, Artillery-place, Horselydow, where I saw Cook. I told him I came to speak about his being concerned with three others who were found in Mr. Cross. land's house, previously to saying which I said I was an officer. He said, " Do you mean Greenland, Roffey, and Daniels ' I said I did. He said he didn't know anything at all about it. I told him I had strong suspicion that he did know something about it, as I had seen hinwith them on Saturday. evening. He said he was not in Fenchurch-street on Saturday evening. I told him it was not in Fenchurch-street I saw him, but in Philpot-lane. He said, '-Iwas in Philpot-lane; you are right. rUtell you the truth. They asked me to go with them to keep a lookout to see allwas right, and I wasto wait tiltheyreturned." He said he did not know what they were about on Saturday evening, or on Monday, but on Tuesday he knew they were going to conceal themselves in the house. I took Cook to the stationhouse, and charged him with being concerned with three others in robbing r. Crossland's house. He then repeated what he had said.. John Seeker, who appeared to be seriously wounded in the head, said,-I am housekeeper to Mr. Crossland. On the evening of the 1st of Jan ary,after the shop had been closed about an hour, I went down into the cellar of the premises, about 8 o'cloC;, with alghted candle in a candles,tick. and I found that the shovef I used for the coals was not in its usual place. I felt that I was treading on something unusual, and I lighted the gas with the candle, and as soon as I had done so I found the shovel agailnsta cupboard in the cellar, and took hold of it, and I then saw there were three men in the cupboard. One of them immediately said, "Murder him" The llthen rrshed at me. One of them had a stck with which I was strack, and knocked down, but I got up and ran to trcand closethe cellar door, and thus to kee them in the ce ar; but oneof them passed me, andI folow=ed up, and, as the chain was up at the door, he could not get out! and the other two men followed me unp into the passage, and then they knocked me down again with a stick. lobserved then that two of them had stcks; one of them then knelt on me, and the other two opened the door and escaped. X was insensible a. short time, and then the three men -ot from me, andran out I recovered my senses d andjumpil- ugp, and foUlowed down Lombard-street where mreeniand was stopped by a gentleman, w:io accompanied me and him back to my mnate's prenikeL. Greenland said, "I am sure I am. not one that was inn before anything had been said as to vbhat the -AiAe was .apainsmtiL Apolicerrn-snwssentfor.anud reenland was given intocustody. I : tt to the stttou-hous, butI was not well enough tol'ehc l eon-the IDSt.exn in, fromthe effeets of my ouIds. I had - wound 0;1 tLe back and a woundon thefrontof amyhead, fomithicln I.Ioist great deal of blood, and I had a severe braiso over the right eye. Ro£fey 'was one of the. men who-vere in the cellar, 'ut caninot identify eit}ier of &he otiheis.; I never s. w the. unisoners before the night I -was attacked.¢ Ihadpiut the chain .en to the enter door about a quart;er past 7 o'clock, after all the shop people were gene. On the. Saturday-before 3- had observed tha', door hadE heenleft opesi twice, and it must havebeenoened by some onw inside. At that time seine.the shopladshad notleft. When Iwent intothe celacelle cellar door w fastened, and iirlocked it,- and there were no means of access to the cellar but by that door; but there is a way of leaving tne ceLardoorunlocked by Ishootngb a lile bolt, -aid this must have been done to enable any one to go into the cellar. Henry Whitcomb, tailor, .said,-Oii Tuesday, the 1st of January, at 8 in the evening, I was standing at the corner. of George-yard, Lombard-street5 and :-eard the cry of "' Stop thinef." a saw Greerland running towards me, and tried to stop hirn, and in doing solI Xnocked off.hs cap, and then b e i'an, andlIovertook him, And knocked him against the shutters. The 't itness then came up, and I sei2ed the-prisoner <GreerCnd at his desire. At the xttion- house before the charge namade Greenland said he might as well tell the truth, and he stated that there were others Joseph Brown (5) said,-! fouid np6nOtG nl -aia ipair of boots, which he was w-wh aM-which are the same that Mr. Crossland.identifie& a found the stick produced in the passage of Mr. Crossland's house. It has a mark of blood upon it, and I afterwards found in the cellar the chisel produced, andd asPir of old bobts, which afterwards Greelnd put on Da ad. were his own. On the way to the station:house Gteenland said, " I hope I shan't be alone in this- there are two others, James Daniels and Georgo Rokjey." HE afterwards said that a man named Cook had been' Waiting outside, but that some of Mr. Crossland's boys knew more about the matter than theyj(the prisoners) did; that the boys had first put them up to it, but, when they went on the previous Saturday evening, they refused to let themin, and shuttthe door in their faces. The witness then stated that Greenland told him several other matters impugnin the integrity of thel boys alluded to, who Greenland elecred at last showed the three prisoners the way to the cellar;* .ad concluded his evidence by saying that Greenland assured lhim that he and Boffey and Daniels wrould not have interfered with the man Seeker if hre had not struckc them with the shovel, which could be seen by the marks on I iis hand. In answer to teizons from Sir R. W. CARDEN the witness said,-Ihaa seen-all the four prisoners on the Saturday evening, standing at .the corner of Philpot-lane, at 10 mmnutes or a qarter to 7 'clock, and I recognize them all Mr. Crossland.-I do not know anything of the prisoner nor of the chisel produced. I left my premises on Tuesday evening at 20 minutes to 7 o'clock, and I believe that the two lads alluded to by Greenland as having been a party to the plan to plunder the premises were there at tIe time. Bhnett (51).-On th evening of the3st of JanuaryI was left in charge of -Mr. Grossland's house while Greenland was being taken to the station-house. I found the two knives produced, one of which,, being a clasp-knife, was closed. Mr. Crossland.-I have seen the case-knife produced lying about in my cellar. Of the claisp knife I hmow nothing. The prisoners were remanded for a week. BoW-snRsEr.-A cheek for 10?. was forwarded to Mr. HBr-sY, for the poorbox, by a lady, who requested. an acknowledgment of the donation in 7ic Tnzcs as from MARLBoROUOH-sTsEEr.-Tohn Brown, marine-storedealer, and John Crawley were brought before Mr. Bns-oHAcT, for final examination, charged with having comraitted numerous felonies. Mr. BnsGasic ordered the depositions to be completed, and comnitted the prisoners for triaL WrsTMtNSTr-Jane Cooper, a married wonan, who has been repeatedly remanded, charged with unlawfully having in her possession five silver dessert spoons; was brought up for final examination. Mr. ARNoan discharged her. WoRsnP-sTREEr.-Mr. D'EYNCOURiT acknowledged the receipt of the following contributions for the poor-box, the donors of which reqnested a notice in this paper :-The Drapers' Company, 10 guneas; "J. G. F.," a check for 21.; and the second half of a 5o. note from " F. S." A collection of t. 6s. has been forwarded by Mr. J. Davis, of the Duke of York, Ticehura, for the benefit of the child of a poor woman named Sarah Eoldsworth. CLERKNWELL.-The sitting magistrate requested our reporter to acknowledge the receipt of a Post-office order of U. for Mm Mary Bolard, the poor woman who was so cruelly assaulted by her husband, theoarticulars of which were reported in thisjournal onthe2d inst., from "S.D. "' and also a check for 10?., from the Skinners' Company, forthe poor-box-an acknowledgement of which was requested-m this journaL Tfinras.-una Healoy, a masculine woman, who is well known to the police, was brought up before Mr. YARnI.Y, on remand, charged with assaulting aud robbing Mr. Eobert Henrg on the Queen's highway. The magistrate committed her for trial for highway robbery. George Tallow, alias Rogers, a ticket-of-leave convict, and Anthony Rush, a well-known thief were brought up on remand, charged with burglary and robbery. MIr. YARDLEY committed the prisoners for trial for burglarv and robbery. Mr. YAtDLEY received a donation of 10?. by check for the poor-box fund of this court from the Skinners' Company of the City of London, with a request that it should be acknowledged in The TinzeS. SOUTmWs.RaL-A tall, fine-looking woman, named Ellen Harley, well known to the police as a notorious street thief, and who has boen convicted twice for street robberies, and been in custody upwards of 50 times at this court, vas brought before Mrr. CoannE for final examination, chasged vith stealing a valuable silver watch from the person of James Greenwell by force and violence. 3Ir. CO31BE fully committed her for trial, and bound over the witnesses to prosecute at the next sessions. Thomas Spuncer, a respectable-looling young man, in the employ of Mr. Frederick Lowther, hosier, 98 and 99, Highstreet, Southwark, was charged with embezzlement. The prosecutor stated that the prisoner had been in his service about 10 months as assistant, and it was his duty, when he received any money from customers, to enter the same in a book kept for that purpose, and pay it over to the cashier. Iatterly money had been missed, andtho stock had gone unaccounted for, which caused some uneasiness among the young men in his service; but, perceiving that the prisoner was rather extravagant in his expenditure, suspicion was cast upon him. In consequence of that be consulted with Sergeant Gardner, 25 X, and some marked money was given to hdm to try the prisoner's honeety. After that witness went into the shop and asked the prisoner what he had taken, when he said only 3s. 6d. 'Witness communicated with the sergeaut, and ascertainedthat he had taklen 13s. 6, and then he told the prisoner of it, and charged him with embeziling half-a-crownm The prisoner produced the latter from hispoCket (which was marked), and acknowledged not accounting for it. Hec then gave hi3m into the custody of Sergeant G:ardner. Mr. GonnBE commnitted hnu for triaL. LA3nBBTH.-William Jones, who described himself as a licensed hawker, but who refused his address, John Underwood, who said he was a clerk, and lived in Church-street, Shoreditch, and William King, who refused his address, but represented himself as a tailor by trade, all well-dressed young men, buthkown to the lice as members of the "swell mob," were placed at the br before Mr. ELLaorr on a charge of attempting to pick pockets and picking the Pocket of one lady on the arrival platform of the South-Westem Railway station in the Waterloo-road on theeveuingbefore. The prisoners Underwood and Jones were also charged with committing a desperate assault on two of the officers while on their way to the station-house. Mr. WViliam Wadham Young, the stationmaster at the Waterloo-road station, was present to watch the proceedings. Inspector Thomas Bent, of the A division of police, deposed that he was on the platform on the arrival of the 5 o'clock train, and saw the prisoners attempt the pockets of two ladies, and he had no doubt they succeeded in robbing one of a purse containing 5a. and upwards. He (Bent) called out to Russell, one of the porters, and Butt, a constable, to assist him in taking them into custody, and they were ultimately secured and taken to one of the waitingrooms. On telling them the charge on whichthey were taken into custody the prisoners affected much indignation, said they were gentlemen, which he should find to his cost the next morning, and had been down to Kingston to spend the day. He (Bent) searched them, and onlyftund a half penny on the lot; but this he did not wonder at, as he understood from Butt, the officer, that there was a fourth person of the party, and he managed to escape. He directed the prisoners to be taken to the Tower-street station, and toolE charge of Kng himself, andn reaching the end of Gibson-street, opposite the Vicrtoria Theatre, Jones and Underwood made a furious attack on Russelland Butt, the officers in charge of them, and in this they were assisted by a mob of at least 500 people, who, as usual, sided with the parties in custody, butm the present instance it was not at ail to bewonderedat, as a large proportion of themobconsistedof thieves and bad chaters. After a des te struggle the officers got very roughly handled, and Russell was so overpowered that his prisoner escaped from him, but was soon recaptured in a brothel into which he had run for protection, and theyweretaken to the station. On removmigtheprisoners on that morning from the station-house to the court they were met by two men and a woman, friends of the prisoners, who endeavoured to have a conversamtion with theim; but he (Mr. Bent) prevented it, and told them that if they did not keep at a proper distance, or attempted to interfere -with the prisoners, he should order them into custody. The witness added that if he had any doubt before as to the real character of the prisoners, that doubt would have been altogether removed bythe conduct andmanner of their friends, and hre should have been perfectly satisfied from what passed that they were thieves. AKmong other things they said that they (the officers)Irad not got them to " rights" yet, and tht they should not be ates loss far plenty of" stuff" to procure a solicitor and counsel each for Butt. a railway -onstable, said he saw the prisoners and a fourth person, not in custody, at the station that forenoon, and go away by the half-past f1 o'clock train. Knowing them to be members of the "swell mob," he pointed them out to Ihis inspector, and ascertained from the clerk that they had taken tickets for Hampton Court, where there was a coursing match an that day. Prisoner King.-YOUsa ^you. saW..PS three .nd another person get into the samekairisag6? Witnes.s-Yea. I dlid. -_ Kin".-Then,'you are quite wrong. Now, I wish to ask yen wIethor you did not see Sam Cov,ell and myself get into the sane carriageI Witness.-No. The inspector put Mr. Cowell into a different carriage to that in which yon were. The evidence of Mr. Bent was fullly cdrraboxdan by other witnesses, and thepinsoners, whlogave anything huts satisfactoqyaccountt of themnselves, were remandef to .a fiuture day, an order to gire the whole of the detectives an opportunityof seeing them.
- SnxGuAv CoPYmiGHr.-31. Godillot, in 18£6, rented extensive premises in the . house callec the Pont de Fer, on the Boulevard Poissouniare, for 18,000f. a-year, and he established in them what he called a "BPar de Voyage," for the sil: of articles for traveling, sportin4, encamping, &c. In the course of the present year, hIs .lease having expired, he removed to the corner of the Rtue dc.la Pai and the Boulevard. After his removal, a comnpanjvwl4ch has puchased the [aison du Pont de Fcr, estab5Jshedin the sa=e preiiiiisea libaiar for the sale of sinilar* aticleg s those in which-hie deadt, flleait the shne way an hi#.had been, gavd it thenauie of " Baar G&nfral des Vojeurs," and made its tm !o=,!s wear the same ned- s Godillot's men, 1L lot, thinng thatthis .mannr-of acting was unfair, yesterday brought anaction sgaiafrtl,eAoapAny befor. tho Tribunalof Commerce, to. obtai 25,O00f. for the dama ione .6 ,-; :Anditesup-- piression of the sipr. "BlaBur General des 7Voyageurs." The TribWhll, after hearng what the company had to say, erdared it to suppress the title, to pay 2,00Qf. damages, and also paythe expense of inserting the text ef the judgment in{Jour new.papers-Galisncrn.
THE BRUTISE HOSPITAL AT RENKII. (FRoX OU oWN WoR?ON.DEN.1 RENIOI, DEc. 27. The Gibraltar arrived here from Balakiava on the 19ti inst. with 110 patients, and the Alps on the 20th inst.with 130, the latter cases being of a cQn- iderably severer claracter than the preceding. The Andes is expected daily with about 140 more. The PEipqicalledin on the 2Dth to take home men invali;dcd to En;gland; she had a number of officers and sick and i.vounded on board, r,ome on their way to 3I,alta. There have been two deathus in. the ho~spital since my last report; the first a case of perforating ulcer of the bowels, connected with a prolonged attack of dysentery, complicated witth scurvy; the second a case of fever combined r.ith infammation of the lungs. Both men died soon after landing-one in 15 hours, the other. on the third day. Tlere remainat thepresent time 436 in hospital; but since the opening of the first ward on the Ist of October 738 have been adnmitted, of whom the incredibly small number of 10 have died; but of these deaths at least three should be excluded from the return, because the men were moribuand on arrival. The mortalty may therefore be expressed in general terms as 1 per cent. Before the month expires the total number of admissions .ill, in .all probability, have amounted to 1,000, among whom there have been fever cases of the fOrSt type. The decimal returns for the month of N~ov.ember~ were as follow.s .-1502 per cent. returned to duty, 6-80 per cent. invalided home, 0-28 per cent. died, 7 90 per cent. remained in hospital. Aiaong the cases there is one officer who has assigned to him a room, accidentaUly vacant, in the .edical officers' quarters. The cold in the Crimea has been severe, according to all accounts. An officer told me that at Eupatoria, in a room furnished with a stove, water froze in about three minutes after having been poured into- a tumbler. Frostbite has again appeared, but in a greatly mitigated folm, among the troops; but cases of cough, inflammation of the lungs, and rheunmatism are becoming conmmon. Possibly, some of your readers will be surprised when I state that many of the men express a decided preference for tents over Luts in the Crimea. it seems next to impossiJble to keep the wind, rain, and snow oext of the latter, unless the interior is coated over with a thick layer of plaster,-a proceeding requiring time, material, and skilled labour. An attempt to meet the evil has been made by hanging blankets arouad the interior of the huts, but these soon become wet, and cause more inconvenience than they are worth. ihe snow penetrates all apertures and crevices like dust, and accumulates in heaps on the floors and beds. Temen,however,haveplentyof iwarmclothing and of good bedding. The main roads in the Crimea bave been damaged by the storms of the 1st and 2d *;f thlis month. Those who affect to believe that Dr. Parkes was wrong in selecting, and the Governmnent to blame in sanctioning, the erection of one of the chief medical dep6ts south of the Bosphorus in so southern a situation as Renkioi may peruse wNith advantage the following facts connected with the climate here, bearing in mind that the extremes of cold are as prejudicial to health as the extremes of heat, and that typhus fever is more prevalent in winter than in stummer *-On the 18th and 19th it blew a gale, biut the wind was southerly and wvarm, and all persons walked about the hospital on their accustomed duties vith the protect-on only of a macintosh. Colder and more dry weather followed, and sinice the 21st there has been a succession of the most agreeable. days and nights. The sum shines Ibightly, and the sky is clear and blue during the fore and after noon, and the succeeding mioonlight is as brilliant as in an Italian skv. The thermometer generally ranges between a0iand O0° Fahrenheit after sunrise. For the last few days the mercury has stood at 580 Fallrenheit. Buildings are rising in every quarter; indeed, the whole place presents a different aspect to wlhat it offered wlhen the Bashi-Bazonks thought they maight venture here in small parties on the chance of pilfering or plunder. The medical officers' quarters which were the point of attraction, and were on the extreme lines, are now in the centre of a mass of dwellings, offices, stables, outhouses, and detached huts, all placed at proper intervals, and in strict accordance with the plan, but giving the place the appearance of a town. The hospitals wlhich are rising in rapid succession are not *very far from their limit longitudinally. As their mumbers increase they will be erected on vacant ground already selected on the sides of the main str&et, if I may so call it. At niightfal the long corridor is regularly lighted with lamps. The rail- -ay connecting the north and south piers is being conistructed as quickly as labourers can be obtained, but the Greeks stil retain a strong partiality for 12olydays. The sudden arrival of the AIps -with patients pre-vented any Christmas festivities on the 25th and 26th. The different messes dined together on the former day, and enjoyed a sociable evening afterwards; but the season obviously suggested many thoughts of home not quite in accordance with demonstrations of great hilarity. DE)CEnSER 28. The sky is rather more cloudy, and the wind is colder, but the weather is fine and bracing, and the roads are dry. Thermometer 50 deg.XVFahrenheit d-ry bulb, 48 deg. Fahrenheit wet bulb. The patients lantded from the Alps are comfortably lodged in their wards; they all saythey feel it much warmer here than in the Crimea; and, indeed, four-and-twenty hours' residence in one of the well-heated, yet airy and dry wards makes a marked difference in the aspect of the invalid. Many,a sick officer who has landed here on his way to Malta has cast a longing eye on the comforts provided forthe men at Renlioi. A Christmas party came, off last night for the wardmaster, orderlies, soldiers, artisans, nurses, &c. ; an empty ward was decorated for the occasion; such music as could be coUlected vas put into requisition,'and all seemed to enjoy a pleasant evening, durinr rwhich' accurred many opportunities for the gencral expression of kdndly feelings. The murses were dressed very quietly, but, perhaps, tlhC more becomingly. Some Greek and Italian women who were present were in reaUy elegant attire. There was the Rifleman, the Highlander, and the different varieties of the British iuiform maxedi u.ith the Anglo-Asiatic costume, which thea peculiaritics of this climate have made all persons in civil occupations;wear. At one end of the room vere the letters "V. R.," surrounded by laurel wreaths, arid at- the other end the letter " N.," with a statuette of the Emperor Napoleon. I need niot reiiark that a sufficient number of nurses and orderlieshad been told off to attend to the patients, and that the scene of this Christmas meeting was so distant from any occupied ward that llo sound could have reached the acutest hearing of .hc most excited patient. It appears to me that among the private soldiers, as among the artisans, there is to be found by those who will take the trouble to investigate- an amount of hidden talent and education wlhich might be worth the further cultivation. Some of the men have once been in excellent positions, having been brought up as clerks, artisans, and, indeed, still higher,' though perhaps not more useful, occupations. I met very frequently with non-commissioned officers and privates of excellent character and unimpeachable integrity, first class penmen, good az-ithmeticians, conversant with aDL military duties, andboth steadyandindustrious. 'W'hat an appropriate reward, and how good an object of amrbition to such persons would be the post of clerl either in the Paymaster's or the Putrveyor's departments ! WVhy, so good are these appointments, nowv filled by lads, mlany of whom, beth for their own advantage and the benefit of the public service, had better not h1ave been emancipated from leadingstringsto camp 3ife, that many an officer wVho bad suffered in the scrvice would'accept the post with thanks, sofar as emohunent is concerned! It is impossible to leEeve that the idea'of bestowing these a p pot- ents upon deserving men from the ranks has not aready entered the consideratiou of those in hi-h authority. The practice once establised woTd be followed by advantages in a variety of ways. It wouldj be both more efficient and more -economical than the course at present purSued, and woulld, by throwing open a new field of ambition, encourage into the ranks a :uniber of young men ofl, better station, to whom the restraints or discomforts of home were irksome. Of these some could obtain the post of clerk, others sttain the yet higher reward of a commiasion, which. they might bear with proper spirit, and uiltimately clieve hig distiniction. !EPORT OF DETIIS IN THe GM' AL HosSixj, Private John M'Donnell, 47th ReViment, per,onifi, colonieperforation; CorporalEdwin howe, .AUXcjgiment, fever and no monia.
TO THE RDITOR OF THE TIMES.. Sir,-In your leading -Article of the 2d of lanuary you attack Statesmen, Admirals and Generals you say you will set before them what the Country expects at their hands. T ill leave'the Statesmen, and Generals, to speak for themselves but I will not remain sileit and see the whole Navy condemned as Cowards, and Imbecilles. I know the risk I run in makino' observations on your articles, but I will run that' risk, and tell you plainly' Mr. Editor that you kno't iiotbing of the subject on which you write. I venture to affirm that there is as much talent, courage, and dash in the British Navy now as there was in the days of Nelson, you say Mfr. Editor in the last War the Ships of England went everywhere and did every thing with increditable daring' and success with only the uncertain winds and treachrous waves to rely on, they entered every harbour and scrutinised every creak, and provided they could get in never troubled themselves vith the superfluous consideration of how they could get ottt again. Now Mr. Editor I served fifteen years last tsar and it never was the custom for Ships to approach batteries at alL No Admiral ever ventured to take his Fleet into an enemies port except Lord Nelson. He went into Copenhagen gained a Victory and was well pleased to get out, and he never tried it again he did not take his lumb'ering Fleet as you call it to Carlscrona or to the Swedish waters-he never went - higher in the Gulph of Finland then Nargan. Sir James Saumarez who was a most enterprising officer little short of Nelson (lost a line of battle ship in attacking AIgaserus) never even went up to Cronstadt nor did he attack either Riga, Revel, or Port Baltic. Lord Nelson remained several years off Toulon and never thought of attacking it, he never thought of running his fleet into Cadiz nor did Lord St. Vincent or Lord Collingwood, tho it Vas by no means stronW. Lord Hotham never tried Toulon neither did Lord St. Vincent, Sir Charles Cotton, or Lord Exmouth try the Taguls. Lord Howre, Lord Bridport, Lord Gardener, Sir Charles Cotton, Lord St. Vincent, Lord G'unbier and Admiral Cornwallis treated Brest Rochford, andB'Orentwith thegreatest respect theDashing Cochrane burnt and drove on shore the French ships in Basque Roads and many dashing things were done by frigates and daring enterprises by boats, but by Fleets never exceptat Alaiers, and Acre, they were defended by Turks and Egyptians. Admiral Young, and Sir Sydney Smith whenthey were Captains, got their ships cut up severely by two Round Towers one in Corsica, and the other on the Coast of Naples, mounting one, and two guns. Lord Nelson did not dare to attack with his ships the batteries of Boulogane but tried with his boats and was defeated, he did not dare to attack Teneriffe with his Ships but tried his boats was defeated and lost his arm, after this statement you must not mislead the country again or throw odium on her officers. If enough has not been done in the Baltic by the Navy to satisfy 1yon Mr. Editor why don't you pat the Saddle on the right h1ofse the Admiralty In 1854 a Fleet was sent to the Baltic very badly maanmed hastily got together and inexp7erienced w;ithout pilots (for those we had knew nothing) and w.ith very indifferent charts, yet we managed to get that fleet in amongst Rocks and Shoals up to Cronstdad, and found there was not wrater to float them, and had there been water we werelignorant of the Passage up, and the Batteries much to strong for our ships-at Sweabouirg we knov knowthing of the passage, and there Iag,ain tLe batteries were tremendously strong. 'What would iJon have done Mr. Editor ? What we did do, was to point out to the Admiralty the proper way of attack; this was in June, 1854; the fleet then thredded there way through the Labyrinth of Rocks up to Bomasund, landed the troops in an encredible short tinie, and took it.- Sweabourg was again well reconotred, and the plan of attack repeated- You Mr. Editor seem to have known better than the English and French admirals or the Mlarshall and thought it would be attacked and the Lords of the Admirality agreed with you. you both had heard of the fall of Sebastopole and lost your heads, and had not the honesty to apologise to the admiral you had insulted when you heard the fall of Sebastopole was a hoax, the was some excuse for the admiralty not furnishing the proper material for attack the first campaign, but none the second, they were warned of what was wanted and tho' they knew that Sebastopole had held out for. eleven months against our 'wnprelldh (unparaldeed?) Bombardment and in the last 24 hours received 70,000 shot and 16,000 shells, 20 morter vessels and 15, or 16 gun vessels were sent to attacked a place as strong as Sevastopole Ithey did not even support the mortar vessels with the Fleet theij were dispersed over the Baltic the Gulph of Finland, and Bothnia and when the few mortar vessels had set the place in flames there was no fleet to take advantage of the confusion that mnust have attended the conflagration and the explosion. Now as the admirals have hauled down their flags and been complimented by the Admiralty for their conduct it is clear that the plan of the campaigne must have been settled at the Board and on it must rest the failure first for not sending Gun, and M,orter Vressels sufficient and secondly for not having the Fleet at hand to take advantage of the conflagration and explosions,/I was told 1854 a few M,orter Vessels or even Lancaster Guns more orless could not make the difference between the possibility, and the impossibility of attacking Sweaburg and in 1855 they appear to have thought a few screw line of Battle Ships more or less could not make the difference between the possibility and the impossibility. Now Mr. Editor the long and short of it is this in 1854, theAdmiralty sent a Fleetto the Baltic without Gun and MIorter Vessels to assist them a-nd clear the way, and in 1855 they sent a few Gun and M,orter vessels tolthe Baltic and had not the Fleet at hand to support them. In fact they were so ignorant of the art of War that they did not expect the 13 inch Morters could do so muich damage all they hoped to do was to fire | away their Shells and not be laughed at for brin-ing them back and when they found out theMortars had almost all burst, they sent a ship out with a fresh supply at the very time Admiral Dundas was very wisely sending his mortar vessels home and so deploreable ignorant were they that they did not know the mortar vessels could go through the Kiel Canal but positively sentthem round the Scaw. Now SirIaskweretheGovernment sincere in there wish to cripple Russia in 1854 and were they serious in 1855 for certainly no one judging by their actions can think so. You tell us Mr. Editor MIortar Vessel has been built and armed in three weeks, surely then 100 could have been built in a year and in 1855 the same force that is preparing for 1856 might have been ready and Sweaiborg totally destroyed. Now I don't blame Sir Charles Wood, or Lord Palmerston for they were not in their present offices when the Baltic Fleet was fitted out, they alpear however now in downright earnest, if I may judge by the Powerful Flotilla theyare now preparing, we must expect the Russians will do the same, and must hope we are not too late. As you Mr. Editor have passed a pretty severe censnura on the Navy, the best thing., the Government can do is to follow the example of the French at the beginning of the Revolution, and send a Comuiissionerto see the Admirals do their duty. Yon Mr. Editor have your own correspwenas, and I see no reason you should not have your own commission, and as I have reason to think, my former friend of ThIe Times is the writer of these articles, abusingtheAdmirals hewouldbethefittest person to fill the office of Conimissioner, and I will venture to say whoever Commands the fleet will strictly obey his orders, and take care at the same time that he shXall occupy a warm berth to his heart's content. If the fleet was not lost the first Campaign it was not the fault of the Admialty or my Friend, they did their best to lose it; the second Campaign the Admiralty took good care Admiral Dundas should not destroy Sweaborg; thethird Campaign had better be under my Friend of The Times, andwe shall see if he is as powerful with his sword as he is with his lien. I remain vonr obedient , evant CHAS. IAPIER . 16, Albemarle-street, Jan. &3. *** We publish his .strange letter precisely as Swe nave received it. Poabably, if we had co,retetd the gq_Mmai Admiral's spelling or'. -nsctuation he would ha,.. adot, r of " garbling" ii,
THESOCIETY OP ARTS. Last night the last half of a long and extremely valuable paper, written by- Mr. J., I Blickwell, on "the Present Porsition of the Iron Industry of Great Britain withreference to that of other cointries," was read before a numerous meeting of the members of this society. The first tortion of the paper occupied a- previous meeting, equally, well attended, and held on the l9th of December. On both occasions Mr. Joseph Glynn presided, and an unusual degree of interest attached to the subject under consideration, from the high scientific attainments of the-author, whio is also a pracical man, from the fact that the Royal Artillery have experienced gat difricultyin obtaining a superior quality o f ro-& for their heavy osirdance, a-ad genery from the discussion which at present prevails as to the tendency to deterioration said to be discernible in this and other large branches of the national industry. Mfr. Blackwell sets the total annual production of pig or crade iron at6,ODO,000 tons, of which Great Britain produces 3,000,000, France 750,000, the United States 750,000, Prussia 300,000, Austria 250,00D, Belgium, 200,000; Russia, 200,000; Sweden, 150,000; the smaller German States, 100,000; and other countries, 300,000. On the previous evening he confined himself to a general view of the mineral resources of the countries which are the principal seats of the production of iron, collecting into a condensed statement an immense mass of highly useful information, and showing how little is yet known of the conditions which produce the distinctive qualities of iron manufactured from ores of different classes, and what a wide field for investigation yet remains open on this subject. In Great Britain Mr. Blackwell thinks that the most favourable localities for the iron industry are already fully occupied, but that in Ireland there exist immense deposits of clay carbonates of excellent quality, which are now entirely unworked, and he sumrests it as a very important subject for inquiry whetThr the immense resources of vegetable fuel in the form of peat with which Ireland abounds, especiallyin easter Connaught, the regioninvwhich these ores exist so largely, might not be advantageously applied to the production of first-rate iron froni them. He enforces this suggestion by stating that pig iron is smelted with carbonized peat in Bohemia. We gather from the paper that the iron produced in France is smelted in nearly equal proportions with coke and charcoal that a large proportion of the charcoal pig iron is subsequently converted into bar iron solely with charcoal; and that the charcoal pig iron is for the most part made in close proxility to some of the most important coaslfelds in France. This latter consideration points, in Mr. Blackwell's opinion, to an early transformation in the French iron industry. From the limited extent of Belgium he anticipates that the production of iron wih remain nearly stationary there; whereas in Prussia he states that it is rapidlyinrcrasing, the chief obstacles beingthe nature of her widely-spread, rn-connected territories, and the want of facilities of intercommunication and of access to markets. The latter class of drawbacks he notices as restricting the production in Styria, Carinthia, and Bohemia; and from similar causes, and the absence of mineral fuel, he anticipates that the iron manufacture in Russia and Sweden-neither of which countries possesses mineral fuelconvenientlysituatedwdll long remain comparatively stationary. He, however, remarks that the valuable deposits of ore in Sweden might probably be rendered much more valuable if the laws prohibiting its export were repealed. The extent of the production of iron in the United States Mr. Black-well beeves to boa question dependent in a 6reat measure upon the available means of transport. Hfe also anticipates that the imnmense coalfielda exiset there maybe fond in their western parts more productive in carbonates than they are in those regions v-which have hitherto been fully explored. The secondportion of MEr. Blackwvell's paper w.-asdevoted to an examination of the various processes adbpted in the manufacture of iron and to their sulsceptibility of improvement. URpon this division of his subject he entered at great leng,th last night, disclosing' in his treatment of it an extraordinary amount of scientTlfc and practical knowledge. It is impo.ssible to condense within the limits of a brief summary like the present the materials for a just appreciation of the views advanced by him ; but we may mark out for special attention a few points which struck us as of the greatest importance. Thus, for e.xample, Mr. Blackveil sa-s that the differences in the chynifcat nature of the various elements formin, on the one hand, vegetable, and on the other, mineral flue?, are only in degree, and not in kind, except in so far as regards the composition of the earthy residnuum of ashes left after the volatilization of the other elements. It may therefore be in the different nature of the substances present in the ashes of wood and of coal that we must seek for tie explanation of the causes -which produce such a widely different qualty in iron smelted iwith these two species of fuel. He considers that sufficient attention has not been hitherto paid to this subject, or to the mechanical oporations by which a large part of the earthy impurities of all coal seams of a caking nature might be separated from them before they are converted into coke. Again, lie says that, notwvithstandin" the great extent to which raw coal and partialy torrefidwoodlave been long used in the blast furnace both in this countrv and abroad, on a careful consideration of the process to which both coal and wood must be subjected before the carbon they contain can be utilized in the reactions of the furnace, it appears that their carbonization may be effected with most econony, and that the quality of the charcoal or coke which results from this process wll be best, vwhen effected in closed ovens prior to the introduction of the fuel into the blast furnaces, and not within the furnace itself. After pointing out the source of some of the losses sustained by ironmasters in this country and in South Wales, especiaUv from imperfect smelting, MIr. Blaci-ell remarks that much controversy has taken place with respect to the difference in quality supposed to exist between pig iron smelted vwith cold and with hot blast. It wvas generally considered that the pig iron smelted with hot was inferior in quality to that produced with cold air, but he attributed this impression to ignorance of the facts of the case. Furnaces blown vwith heated air exerted so great a reducing power that refractory ores calculated to produce inferior Iron were now easily smelted, and thus had arisen the opinion alluded to. At the same time, he admitted that the more elevated temperature of the hot blast furnace had a tendency in -a slight degree to increase the quantity of silicum and other cognate metals whicb formed alloys with pig iron in the smelting process. hr. Blackwell dwelt at great length upon the proper form of blast furnaces, upon the chymical processes which take place within it when in action, and upon the best mode of utilizing its waste gases. In treating of the operations for converting carbonized crude iron into malleable lie mentioned that at several works on the continent the attempt to arrest the process of decarburation in the puddling or boiling furnace at that pt at which the conversion has proceeded so far as to the iron in the state of steel or subearburet was believed to have been successful, and that a valuable natural or puddled steel, not requirig cementation before conversion into refined or cast steel, had been the result. Mr. Blackwell cited, as a proof of the faultiness of the present modes of operating, that in some of the largest iron-making districts of Great Britain the production of one ton of inferior wrought iron was only obtained by the consumption of 11 tons of pig iron, The crude iron from-which wirought iron of the best quality is produced is that possessing a- medium degree of carburation, usually termed gray pigoiron, while iron which possesses an inferior degree of fluidity is what is generally used for the manufacture of wrought iron, especially when the conversion is effectedby the single operation of boiling in the puddling furnace; but it is always more impure than gray, and does net produce the best wrought iron. In those countries where the pig iron is smelted with charcoal, and where coal is available for conversion into malleable iron, the charcoal refinery is generaUy abandoned for the puddling furnace, it being found that the quality of the iron is sufficiently insured by its previous treatment. In Great Britain, where the smelting process is almost exclusively conducted with coal or coke, nearly the same result is obtained with reference to the quality of the bar iron produced by the treatment of the pig iron in the charcoal refinery with charcoal, It therefore becomes, in Mr. BlackweUl's opinion, an important subect for investigation to ascertain what are the precise causes to which this amelioration of quality from the use of vegetable fuel is due when used in the treatment of ron in processes -which have no analogyto each other. Ile considers that the circumstances of the two cases point to the possibility that the eliminative effect exercised as fluxes inbeth instances by the ashes of Thevegetable fuel employed may have some influence in Producing this improvement in quality, and that, should sueh be the case, we may replace charcoal as fuel with advantage by artificial fluxes producing an equivalent effect. The charcoal refinery in general use in those countries where mineral fuel is not accessible for the conversion of crude into malleable iron is still extensively employed in Great Britain when it is desired to produce iron of the best quality. Mr. Blackwell points out that gray pi iron smelted with coke may be converted into mleable iron by the boiling process, thereby avoiding the serious watse fromn oxidation in the coke refinery, and it becomes important -to inquire whether any ameliorations can be introdueed which would enable it to be mnore universaly adopted than it hitherto has been. Mr. BlackweU was unable, from considerations of space, to enter on the examination of the mechanical operations employed in the preparation of iron, though its quality depends as much upon them as upon the chymical processes by which it is elaborated. IHe remarked, howover, in general terms, that the principal mechanical agents in these operations are the hammer and the rolls, and that it is by a proper combination of both that all the requisite qualities of well-manufactured iron can be obtained. He observed that in this country latterly there had been a tendency to supersede the use of the hammer by that of the rolls, not only in small sizes, where the immense command of power rendered it practicable to do so, but in lar'sl sizes aLso, as for instance, rails, large bars, plates, and thick sheet iron, where it w%as net practicable, if soundness was to be securd The paper concluded rwith a review of the evidences of progress in the iron industry abroad, as compared with this country, founded on the specimens exhibited at the Paris -Exposition. Underthis head his remarks were full of interest, and by no means complimentary to our manufacturers. The British department, he said, was extremely incomplete, while the French, Belgian, and Prussian, with the sie exception of price, were remarkably well arranged. He commented on the powerful class of machinery brought- to bear upon the foreign manufacture of iron, and the position which steal wvas taking in metallurgy abroad, not as an exceptional product, hut as one of the numerous conditions in which iron can be applied to the arts. So far as quality in the iron exhibited was concerned, there could, he said, be no doubt that- great superiority was manifested at Paris by other countries as compared with Great Britain. He attributes our slovenly system of manufacture in some measure to the very abundance of our mineral resources, which leads us to smelt badly,convert wastefully, and manipulate carelessly; and- he insisted strongly on the point that we possess no exclusive monopoly ot the means of production which wouldjustify such neglect of our oportunities. The m eans of- transport were increasing raplTy abroad and removing natural difficulties, and it was important that we should at once prepare ourselves for the industrial rivalry. which awaitedus. The energies of foreign countries were generally directed by very accurate scientific knowledge, and in no department in a higher degree than in the manu. Lecture of iron. It could oaly be therefoTe by the diffusion of thiL scientific knowletg and its combination with the prictie3al knowledge and indtstry of the popula. tion that we couldi expect to maintain our present position as the chief mnufactungcountry of the world. p A discussion took plawe when the paper bad been read, in which Mr. Bird, Mr. Kennard, Mr. Anderson, of Woolwich Arsenal, Colonel Wilmot, P.a, and others took part. Mr. Bird warmly combatted the correctness of the view which M1r. Blackwell had taken of the rnanner in which the British iron trade was represented at Paris, and insisted that the enormous development which that branch of industry had assumed in the united kingdom of late years, as compared with any other country, was a practical and decisive rerutation of his views as to its unshttisfactory position. MIr. Anderson lamented the effect which the straming aftor cheapness had upon the quality of the iron produced, and Mr. Kenard did not sea how the iron-masters could take a different view of their position than they took at present. *The'lateness of the hour-precluded the discussion being carried further, and the proceedings terminated with a vote of thanks to Mr. Blackwell for his ablo paper.
SHOOTIrNG A PHEASANT. (From BelTs Life in London.) At the Wiaghami ptty sesions, on Thursday, a youth of the name of Henry bile, abo:ut 17 yars of age, and parently somewhat deficient in his inte, was charged with having unlawfully ktiled a pheasant, the property of Mr Edward R. Rice, A LP. for Doter, at the pasn of Tildmanstoie, on the 28t ult. A keeper in the service of Mor. Rice dePosed that abo- ut a quarter-past 2 o'clock on the day in question he was in Mount Pleasant-woodl, on the Dane Court estate, vhen he beard a gan fired. He imuaediately went to the spot, and saw the defendant on a footpath on ir.Harvey's land, whichjoinedMr.Rices. Witness asked him wnhat he had been shooting? Defendantgreped, Rooks." The next morning witness went to the cover imedi tely o site where he saw the defendantt the prevthisme day, andthenre, within shot of the footpath, he found a cock pheasant dead, it having been shot, It was lying on the- 'round, not covered up or hid in any way. Witness wateTiecd the p lace, and about 11 'clock the defendant passed, hut dlid not touch the bird. He also came again at 3 o'clock, but did not interfere with it. Witness then. went up to the defendant and charged him with having shot the pheasant. At first he denied it, but subsequently admitted that be did shoot at the pheasants, "to scare them away." Defendant%was employed as "1 rook-boy," by bMr. Harvey- Thoimas Dawkias, yardaman to Mr. Rice, proved having heard the defendant say, -while in custody of the previous witness, that he shLot at the pheasant, but dlid not intend to killit; he only wnmted to frighten it. He cried very mauch at the time, and said he was very sorry. Defendant.-I was sent there to keep tlhiins off my miaster's wheat, and I shot at the birds, buit not tkill them. I shot at them with a stone. Sir Brook Bridgeso-Your master, no doubt, told you to shoot the rooks ? Defendant.-But there is a terrible many of thema other birds, and I was told to drive all birds off the land. Dawkias expressed his belief that the pheasant had been killed with shot, and not by a stone. The Bench cons-ulted together, after which the Chairman told thxe defendant that thle magistrates considered that the case was clearly prcved against him. He was liable to a penalty-of 5!., hut they would only order himn tops 1. andil. 6dc. costs, or one mnonth's imprisonment, withhr labour. Defenidant.-I have no money hut what I work for. Sir B. Bridges.-It wil be a very good warning to you. Defendant.-Will you allow me any time ? Chairmai.-No, Defendant.-I ha-ve got 1Os. Chaiminan.-That won't do. Defendlant was accordingly taken to prison, L-ordl Londesboroufth, hav-ing sent 5!. to the prisoner, was fa voured withl th e f7oTlo wing lette~r fro m o neoo f th e be nc h :- "Ml,3y Lord,-Beirng one of the magitrates on the bench at te time that Henry Hoile was linedl 20s., and 17s. 6dc. costs, for shooting a pheasant, I feel that miy decision, in common with that of the other nagistrates present, is called in question, in a miauner not the mioat courteous, by your e-xtraordlinary freak- of sending 5!. to the boy as a reward for the miisconduct, without being yourself at all cognizant of the merits of the case. Into those merits I do niot choose to enter. Suffice it that a derision was come to, and on it the magistrates are content to stand, your lordship's objection notwithstanding. Whether the case was one which ought to have been prosecuted I k-now not and shall not stop to inguire. My object in writing is to request that your lordship will be good enough, should you -require any outlet for your liberality, to bestow it on some one worthy of it, and, at the same time, to extend your mistaken criticismis to somae other bench than that of Win-ham;- and, by your lordship's permnission, I would suggest ttat one to whiceh your lordshipa belongs. -'I have the honour to reman yororship' obdien servant, "A . BHUGWES D'ATH. "Knowlton-court, Dec. 29, 1855. "To Lord Londesborough."
LIMfITED LIABILITY. TO THE EIDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In the last House of Commons it was my good foftune to obtain a committee on the Limited Liability of Partinership, &c.* The report of the committeewas, in the last session of the present Parliament, foUowed up by an act legalizing partnerships of limited liability, under certain regulations. ersons can now combine capital in shares in undertakings e.xpected to pay profits without being liable beyond the amount of their shares. Formerly they were liable to their last shiUling and their last acre. I am naturaUy anxious this new law should workc well, and especially that it should aid the comfort and enjoyment of the working classes. With this object these suggestions are submitted for consideration. The new law is applicable to almost every undertaking to be carried out by combined capitaL Doubtless, without due caution, many shareholders may be deceived to their loss by over sanguine or frandulent schemes; and, as a general rule, it may aid them to remember,-" That where the profits promised are very high the security of the share capital Ls proportionally low." I do not, however, propose to say anything on enterprises resting entirely on the ordinary law of profits. There are others which may be carried out by shares yielding low or only very moderate returns, yet in which other indirect benefits derived may be a part of the inducement to join and aid'the undertaking, viz.:- 1. Stores or warehouses for the sale by retail of various articles of provisions, of good quality and just weight, at reasonable prices, for ready money, whereby the truck system may 'be prevented and contentment given to workmen, who may themselves be shareholders.t 2. Companies for local improvements of a public nature, as roads, or bridges paying tolls, mechanics' institutes reading rooms, baths and washhouses, improved dweUings for single or married workmnen,+ and others of a like nature where some payment ismade. 3. (To vwhich I earnestly caU attention.) Companies to establish, in the convenient vicnity of large towns, public waLks, gardens, and places of regulated recreation for the middle and wiorking classes. These w ould include buildiings necessary for such purposes in our changeful climate. Waules would be laid down to enforce order, and a small paymnent made for admittance. It would be improper to enter here into details; such mi,-ght vary in different places, and will easily be conceived by those who are earnest in such works. To such poublic waLks places for exercise in athletic games or sports might be nannexed. Ten-g,ardens and refreshments would be provided at moderate prices. Many other suggrestions might be made for the rational entertainusent ands comfort of humble visitors. Various objects of attraction might be added which it is unnecessary here to enumerate. The sites of such pblic walkUs and gardens should be within easy reach of the people. Sometimes a railway or river might assist them. It will be most important that every reasonable facility and inducement should be given for the wives and families of visitors to accompany their husbands and fathers. Among all, but especialy the middle and working classes, women are the great civilizers. Such public walks and gardens§ would give health and exercise, and draw many thousands from low haunts and intemperate habits; reasonable attention to dress would be excited; and this is a useful step towards improvement. - Several such public walks, &., are greatly wanted in the vicinity of Lnonor, and of every larae and ppulous city. Small shares of combined capital would aarrlout these objects, as they have built'and supPOrt the cub palaces in Pall-mali for the richer classes. The deed of partnership should provide that the lands purchased should be permanently devoted to the beneficial object contemplated. If properly managed, such companies would pay a moderate profit, and many of all ranls would be willing to contribute to them. When well regiated, it seems probable they would often be visitedbybenevolentpersonspleased to contemplate "human happiness." 'We may hope that some such plans, under the sanction of good names, will be successfully brought forward in the coming year. I remain. your obedient servant. ROBERT A.SLASEY. I Waltord Manor, near 5h1rowsbury, Jan. V. Rep~ort, July, 1851. Qn Law of Partnemslp. 4 Societiea for tbls purpo3 h.ve been successfully established in I ome PIaC]already. I Such a company has already done much good in the metropois, and the exampleis spreading. § Having moved for, and obtained the fist committee on public parks, &:c.,in 1S33, I may be excused for a desire to see them extended.
lAoNYAsms' QUAltERmlaY MEnNQS.-WOLVER7A30ON, Wednesd ay.-The first quarterlymeeting of tho iron trade WsM held at Walsall yesterday, and the second in this town to-day. At the former, which was attended chiefly by saddlers, ironmongers nd hardvware manufacturers-the attendance vas good, and acmounts were generally settled satisfactorily. The attendance to-day at Wolverliampton was numlerouls, but brusiness w- represented to be not over brisk; some orderawere however, receivedin town this morning by the Baltic from the United States. Lord Ward has issued a circnlsr, in which he fixes the pnrice of his best cold-blast pigs at 5t. 12s. 6dL; and at is expected that other makers will follow his example. Rates of manufactured iron are nomina7y the sam as last quoted. In consequence of the proposed advance in the rates forthe carnage of iron ore from Iverstone into South Staffordshire, the L,ondon and North-Western Railway have advanced their freightage to the level of those charged by the canal companies; and those ironworks which have railway sidings will be more particularly af-fected by the proposed advance, as they will be charged lld, per ton in excesas of those whico7 have no siding accommodation, and take deliveries at railwvay wharfs or stations. The new rules for the regulation of coal7ines are already -cnpopular among all parties, and excite general discontent. THE ALLEGED Poiso7Nso CAs AT Ru7JQLr3s-Mr. Thomas Masters, the proprietor of the Talbot Arms Hotel, Rugeley, requests us to state that the coffins containing tho bodies of William Palmer's late wife and of his late brother Walter, the examination7 of which led to the offensive results which have been described, were not opened at his house, but at the Talbot In. The two houses are in differentpartsot thetown,
I ALES BY AUCTION. - Eh3rcsbieto Bocia o n.v.~ IIJESSRSi?ARGUS (ofEBri&tnl S]ELL byAUC- 1LLTION, b, direction of tho.Execntrixof Lady :Rdcliffedereaeeda at the Auction MarL onWednesdsa, Jan S16, at 12 foriprecisely, SIX SlARES in the ROCIDALE: e ALAV,IGATION .COM ANf3Y. For partculars apPlyfo Mes Falgas 4, Ce-reet, Bristol. Plate, Watches.sJewelleiy, Pece Goods, Supedine 'Cloths, Slks, anid 1lfSSBS. ROBIlNS will SELL bvAUCTIONI at their Roomi,Pias.n, Coyeut,garden, THuI DAY, atl2 ocor:, E:RfLLERY, iplate. and watcesa, by esteemed London nmakers Geseva dietto gold chains, and areriety of valuable triekete; alsoswperfine clothe, ;piece goods, reeaing apparel, and nnscce lIneouw property, for nUeresvereerieel including a quantity of type. snulf,iars, and ceabopory ehowv moe.g On ¶it the dayprior,2-P1rra CVet,jax.^.3 "At the Mkfafo'jb.morrw. JESSN TX~HOGGART and TRIST bog t nn the. ~lic, t?it the various iROPERTIFS p,dye'r tise fo SAEkathArwP To-orrow. at 12. will be effered in the following ORDajt viz..-_ 1, P IAdidaee,-IinrvMea Ieasehold Ground Rent, of.* LIN, C ~~"ThOLeaseand Godwillof the late Mr. Grooms 3. Esex-FreholResdcne, stuae athecomrne of Upton-plaoe, No. 49, Cambridge-street, Comna s~ -lniFurniture a.ud kithenutesil, adeter faens EFEn S oIe n the PndiemiwA 17 defec, , Lssn-rov, arleone.,O ona.Jnar 1 L for 12 precisely. On vie 1Friday and Saturday preecehag. To Gentlemen, Florists, and othems MR HOMAN ill SLL a theMart, To-morrow, plnsfcielro s, osgesy, adubofhrret,msnve, n '3PI .- TBRHAMS will SELL by AUCTION, -aths tA..Gllrey 35ei LeTickenhr-qam, TnelnesdEaNyN, January 16at2, Ja. 0.at6 BOO S, prins,pntingsL,b dssoe1ed ,and3oter Aranos,a- on pprl clths, AnagndUt waisotong botse Rwandyos,tationhatgicgs, fedes,ierns, PrytyeaG od tn 9ya andtfept,A,O jw agnd cantalogue li acla he roonis,a h siae ma vleo ahI .Te MHESSRSl-.i BROUSES itn hiay ,2 and BP A h Aer msvedonterrrce ctioth frrgon Etate lortese to th alwa y SAUTION. at Tthek £4ecosR, Pndthe esiated annalvalue ofreachtes by5 they axeexceedngl ees to ed andL by t A forO Iedat te occuazt,on. TuMay, A[RB To Conter;andtofs rict.kmak e valuerad auctoner .LJtutin rm h otgge oSEL by AUCTION, a h R thns,r09 mndilpatoin thursday,pan.24n atl the LASE a hart99 witoutres,mind renHofS DA er annuum) ofat1 pathy Enishe t ant o.6st,ie'i tlfred il,Hegt Archwm-od . t~ay,owth extesi gate, Prntedpartculas an ordrs t p'piwnma ,ebtai-ned o J i,g M.edEq,odiitr,45 Fedrniture, and ofte utones,2 R.SROBLERT REED WASLL,ar diete bys Rooe siGrea s talioughSEL yre TONe tth at, on 2ordyJaay14at Uesday Shersy Mad-5eira,Cforptgn Coulearet,iock MosrlevelCostti, whedoites Eugudy Baronzet audoet,Acr alcl o igh qualipty, n o hisi thcllRS, 5,Gra DEBncHerATret y,S frOm w.,ence they wifllb r ELIs,atth atethIons offcR 34, Poutret. Cavetlgcardn Tmabe Allof andeAlrsonwrande Pthew, nd Bybeaction Oldrpery-chambrs;M ando.fPlowes candceall,as, Poulry,eond Instrumants-rb oWposie aneSwer. Toin i1 coduntrctrs lrvel bykTro, uilders and Siox,thcm. ies SSRS.EWI OXENITE- wicl SELLNb AiUTELL b onThePeIses lat teirt Roccupation OxofdGtee.kat. nar bankrPt), without oresrow.HS A,Jaur1 at o 12 pntal, the 1ai1tClmodemLIUS. Brcs andctheinhOleaofath well-seleted Pant oF tnhbe Od,whch inbetueshdrauic pump, wih about ,300 fuedofapepig,achaskands drsug tablls, crodin,of-balu-rine,rnavvy o, and box harows,nytheateias 01f. cseven newly-bucit worFoomead, ctags, ith Rndandytll'spateontte rooting, dthe, sadpoantment bofsmithyne twoorableountingheouses, Acab. ronsefiewcdaybpror and Turdaanmorningofse,wncalogusmay ehandenta MeodernSle Fernture,sand oher EffecUts _W][R.ROBEG SHTLWREI Til EL,a vis Roomsby J3. ret arlbrouh-stret. on onday,Janbuarya 14, at l or, the cenets., cE,1 himey and-a-uirer glase,Cedetas.debardrX,OEsetao Idinin taber dxining ronomlan libr 6,aryns 2 cais wingedraid Othe bookcasThes Queals ith-cubedClding, wane.oes,eand Fhrnibs-fmture , a chIna,yo class, cutery krintchnseimStokites TandtereofearhtsgMaypehicttnewe,o Cifunlay and clatsalge hal-uitD,gCr xdz o hman Clrt,afe roznofe aBothler reherchSout &rpet. MESSRS. PEIEandAM CLARKt andf SELL byAUl ivi TON, atheir Rooms a in -saetbove nt-garro(riden, Ja.lthS at 1 for12 ocloc preWyFonlaccun f h nu byfroaood, oin tsso, Bacllon otanAllio, andouthersn, doubeat hion. hearpsb Erardand, C,roiosl doesgenuerinas srgeonins, aostrumentayWes.ndPr qudany AUTOpeaglse,o thelPemscoes, he Chinoese T Ang, Jaiaryl bronzes a2 niarn tetelrgao boodae,n a cabInTcouinn, Hemprisnowniang scrsipt,Nvitbhcskt apsiynf ailve figqueres lofDod and hcaisna Sebce-~ tary,d settees Qeatsy clocis adrawinges, books,yganote,crtaintrstingE and valuable properties, Onviewthodoyheror. AlreAemleofcptlSon-ndFurniture, Pianofortes btcys ngaI c SS OXViELSFAMDand So.S will SELL bY MAUITION , at theirreomis,a 3bov,TOxfordsreet,hes Ithe Pans. athenT-mro,t1 for 12, nauto h pncuabr flly, the arItLmodrnTUll-o Ithe E reidncluding AraisSan,sfour-ogand Arabnch bedsteads and bedding, wingedtop andlain adoe,daes ahtands,an dressingtalcealndoit tb,classses, s.wcm o. rlntthec soroowooe,ad maahiogany chairs, slae-lass bckuches,andieasyobl chairs,mooyc,ocasiona, mamndtanrytablns, easetsel noe hme lsseos,pannofactuso vryn deeesripin hadles BrsesAndTONhe ayts,ocina,n' Rwins, 2oinesticreisitrest, andrumedronesdfca, Maandeede Thursday,anur 6 n 7ydimreciong of tea andeauta-x of 1r.G*E.Oa,deesdth S bTTTLEWofT W llR SELL byE ST N.S aositin thenMart, on griday. Fareb.y1,fatem2.inglos. iho ceudnts.,m£4,o0 Three-and-a-quaritersper Centlse,ao andd100Es bndian stock, nelfett62;vthe Centtont lvertonRto daone-eg,t ofa £3500 othare pemrCent.elensoFes, life 06,agsainst2a Reevertosionc ato £05e 1amethree, eNt. Conols Alifstee6t, againet l t5 vmonemt Anurityuofe£ So.at-_ provd tuustr asftnddowdrncleaner, nil plate warmer. solintrsa,o1orte,-Dolyand'sColeman-street Whna Blarrett. wesery, Beig yard, DLetos-e ofmHouse.tte at ado r.G &c.utlwe CHaIty-Our,CKdceyand G-MSWOrn nTm,Y awsmll SELL by o CiAUaNdlas an Wedellbitdogyart sJun dec of drctiompagnte PaoClrietorla fedorenof Bouttled Cuper Stoe4ut, s Ac. oe,thwl M ESRS. RIE andI ecllen K 17ECS cmrl u SELL byACat 11oforns2ho'lock-predesey ontaccount of 'the number of lth, du late- oo beiinn-glsssds, mahogany t, dinn ales ideboards,m cair inosets,eay rchairs, obrary talbles and dersksiSanis mleahogaWny fur hand tby mdosles, requisitesa fortth e dbinettoofcsnueos, soeffexcts. genuine Pain' and f E ldfFfects.l £TLby AUCTON, on thePremises aabos-e THso DAY,lJanuary andsetees eay cair an coche, cimny-gasses curaiseand cornies, mhonan dinig roo suit, Brusels ind ther corpet,e, from hiyde-park Corner en the roadside, aLt Toua-greer The house is ver substantially built, and contains e-XteniL-ve accmmoelation for bnslne3s,vith stabling. Ac. at the rear, andtsheldbyMe~ss, Yoang anlBainbnide,brewers,fur aterm,which will expireat Ladyday 116,attherLTe Tent of £10. and apremiumaof £1,0waswaso given; a Leasebold Estate, desirably situiate on the east side of -Kewgreen, estimated at an impoved rental of £55 per annum ; three long Lesehold Houses,be1ngNos.L12,and 7, Camberland-placee, Saew, producing a rental of aboutX411 r annum ; and font Copynold House~,, Iionosras Garden Cottages,si atu in the Back-lane liventford, near Albany Chapl Producingarentalof £52 eannum. Prinited patLcmlas-sand conditlions oftsealnr behad of Mnes.,Sminthand Son, solicitors, Miticuond; Messrs, Kemtotn and Fletcher, sobeeitos, 31. Ablngdon-stret, Westminster; 'Mr. 1 *ukhoune, solicitor, 3, Craven-street, Strand ; and at the offices of Messrs. King and Son, auctioneers, estate agents, Ac., Breatford. . , City, three doors from Nest Carman-strtet--supenior Furniture, new *within 18. months, consisting, Of Drawing, Dining, and 33ed Room *Appendages,_vooght-iron RepoEitory, C0srlton Writing Table, noble Bookcase, risin-tkis valnutDevonPertj Pair of IndiaJars, abrMiliattoned 67-oetave:Cot.tage Pianoforte,Prints, China, 'Glans, andaumaerous Efects.- b 'orde of the Sheif -,R LENUIS ebegs to,- announce he wil SELL by IY.LAUCTION, atNo tq Queen-street, city, en Friday. janhiaryll at 12 pmctualy. I'The FUit&iTUREf co~prises two handsm cre Arabian bedsteads writh damask hiangings,goeete beds,- and clean bedding. el,3tlgdadoM aha(sil marble tops., two chests ot drawers, chevaland dressing-gl% s curains, &C. ; dining. room and library tequisites of Spanish mahogany, including two noblse bookcases, Carltol_writ"in fable, sets of chasmand lounges cODVered in ramorocoo mudhbaistloth, t elo - dininig fables two elegat kldeboards flied with plate-4as a wrought-iron chest, handsome dinner and tea cervices, La. ; an elegant drawing room suite in walnut, covered in Small C5lluition of moiztidenftch Pictures and J aRVIwifSELra Wille-row.-ModemFurnaille-tew,_on ocaday Ja scellCaneusiTPs rlo,ed o pleaingraeatracet, indodhe and Five Change-lle. CnhlL. A[ESSRS. RUSHWORTH and JARVIS*will L2Tb byAUCTION-,at their great RoUse on TuL*sya JanoakrY 15, bdrcatitalmodernntoUINfliJderL,eomo aitgnmhent.al ortobeesdirSt MhESdRaSin sRidIningromsirarH, and bAll, VnISaredi-e glaues, gnThrandand Jteranof17rthes elegnamena modellaUNeoUsRs.sr utnewf wthed 2 onths)im Cnsisti,ngdof renchs. dmayk viedwcrtithsr dayin tare,cdin h ae and cu lreb a t h ohes o fyrdi eUir nugn cehars of vawrious fnoJrms, e arcloed-rdow6r,cinygas in9 ona=enteale, jESSRS RUSHWORTRandJARVISwuillSELIn Mby AUCTION, at thei Gaereat IoonU n Tuesdaytee JnuarFtry15 bqdire,tion ofShadM fArl the Trse,rne eOfh and rmetb ioray theoenii 3uand th of Jimed by C. Abi ncae ftre doen b eahbe oen ,, osedirn ChmO ge scn)qait,i thheeveoz cases; 1 dizrk, mareble, indludive clamses of gmagracio. vses, hrag,nobphdsMganra. futaoidns , Tealubeda thones timerofusa, adA=e 'eceb of thessrs.. atuphorth asind ari, Italianer, Renl,.gentst.mret madbl, Change of ompth we b eautfllclptunewad fytrs-athloablFrtiss;re,clun M ESSRS. RUSHWOILTH- and marbleI sabr, d.- Soieo h 1ftoELLn by thCTIOe on thoePremse, 19. 2itorAl-W dnntAble, chors,an corespcoeredll an lahr ndulcenht chairs iw -Cof vahiou rRforms, ecedseoard,ertimne ase in tao maonensttba fAmetio card, To-o,rndoccsoawtbe. Jruusels carpets, r ugs,NE autd fendhers chaimbe ofurditrew, including a Jandsu aroan 7 rabK- n. dihotraers,asn andr dressingrablesEIDiA with mablgoDd, toiletgio roamr,sedehing bath,roipustes uor theg domestic offlces-uiandote fr as. respecta.Msyble faiewedo 3e Wydhayprecedn, I4and ctaog-uesrba atthoforce on unexpred termoft and Jeares, wantingie-dyrowm Cgrmtsttneet, 1~and 19 Croange-aley Cofr2nh u ilclt.nune lae dtd-S The imprtane yth Coleetio thf beutflclpreand othh hor1 ear) aluable- yorksent ofarble, brne, stoe,eb terahois paon e f ten he tnanity.omtbed prchine-pecs, vr oftainFrchandtomf . Emiaybethan o dVe%i_s choier speimans oarkergisolaice. f4ning17 lentire Stock of Messrs.y BrwnanCe,It her aleres n.N. onivrsth-tre by hos XUIb AUTION, at theGa"In,Slunen. on jicstuewtree. J=uerFlatsroy sqlua re,servte-ntwondlhotsf aprl,utbleCthanbd FRth R ofMa, ndth' 3D Nd pthaof Juetn agnreeauedanee fof the rmade. haingh bend dr,in, pohe-dotig,tthe vNaeryf celerdated CoLLiteCToccpto offCL tEbo winow ofoutains aluaLte bronzSmihEsq.; cmpnroosending mey-is ofd the podor ppo-neddresigus n Itos,airy, Frenc, nglih anarmothr,gD marbles. exanyl ofv dwhih r e utiul sclpurd by us-raitea oristes; largo column,z B.dsll, a .'lb1moaclent pitt,du, yards marble tabs and ,! narouse wou-r inwcghlay-frece which this estalishmtent as beene plot log amus.T eR okwlbeg a orangenlouts,sil,beo thet darecoration ofsaoon. halls coridors, wterraces, gu tatrden andOPleaRTY foroud ofinld the nblt n gwenrful Catlogues wicllben eaudy fourl dewfrittortoesc sale, and a bter had funEthepess and ofitn Msesdt.- tuhex orthandJaixtreis,andittnle-r socoaowstsho~ Toe Time ewppe.o I,4B. gscgntateetx, andl U, ChaLtnge-le, anoticmofth iotepnTeesac off thme Sae aof Property No. 21 albrs iWarwc-Dlt square,Clphmn-od enntn Anel-bSAltwe of lthisPROPrTan, inadrie to takh laeattc AcetlybiontMart Tx.mrrW. Janudgeary1.11, isequ TONI)uni AIrR.. 3ABI.Y bis rnerei ted in6tosto S ELL by AG AYE C TION, atth Gart,w Ts,on Mron day,ianruvril at 12fr1prcsl,, rwith ou thresr rtgee, a meryedsirab en1EIE&5 wtheod rESCepins Wal,149 fr2wyarshfrom the previous ChItra,dcernbl neVerteesbyheseathenofte71.BALY ELyUTOrN4t yeGar.)att Printednpartinuars,wt codtion of sale,hmaye badof Mbesser. Parker, TWOmokem-andrilkt soliitos,17Bedonrew;of Mr. toira. soliitor 17,Featersone~uhldnge,Hoib 9;and the premies; Freehold dInpertmen, at Eoda n oarst a~ht-sie _-fAHN T- T Disfaordwt instructd oonEL toYi AUG. VP byAUCTON CroawnaInn, ToHaI. oneDAY Janu10ary1_5 sinEwitouts Freserve, H OtS,S anvlal detache MFREOL 1fth Nearl reesoft the laePrlackirenth,El. comprehening la rgebl adwell-pr~opor, siuteandreepiong room, eai-srysecpin aparhtmeents, hooed itch ns.ethnpalisof Set.aae Xatuneow. andell-apointead oouftces; largdwaled-ins gadecn, greenouse cornenien tw cottage, yardslistahosig, aNds 5o=i, oT-fa3gardentround, andeaslthed hbovel prtoduI 1g. siuaener theugasworksoat grohmd ienthecut of Cambidgen. Partii enrdaonsix wricthcn soilictos17 Jwlin-ohssn-Ma n flastreet& Beford-o;oer.So,solic itor, 1 Fpatersone- in 1 sar: on thel prmidses;nt telaeof X2 s.lo; and o_ sMr.tabbottai, 26, B redo-rsow,tony's-acrn,tandRnl2esrm, St eots. Huntinedousbive.mu, rhigoto ltotce,-Salof Frnitre nd Efect. Tf IiDXad-treth Rfooms,ld1. fornu illiue Iosbl fcthe powerfu ofrg.an, uthLe exdozenta. a straynew fitins fore hoard oo,ndowoaOrtheryofficilfctures arnd fittins,and to andESunryies, TheLsale wilcmmec atEinsea of S2,as pro- nul deratIse,CtaousatthMGe zoomis. andatgheHutonbomHOUces, HOAne)-ul powITUErfu tonedin Oran, bianathi plainco casse. relil aentd built bymvngr. omI Htagem cair,eally suial ors abichurch, cbs pal, or concert room,and F W~R . GUGHE will SELL by AUCTION, at the IYI.arAuction Roomsy Jan,aChancery-lane, ots, byDordeJanuarh10l. at1 o 2 haoeaubo NTUfN.o elcmas dirtanee,andesiriniabl,- wihcompass roAC contotingO alo Caitalh viewd a1Vstilah ha attheuctongoom,ad atothe anduction Lrqure BatILEY a toseoeived o insrucin o ELb ansuCTIyor . Sunbury, wddlse nMndy anaa- elil sTuAtE. with eftensied viewfthe insthguct-hions fro. th Peighton- r,ove. ooDuntht ofna heldn foramityeri C8ears.nt ato a l groadrnt le t arspcta'I teant, at pro odywthou xent.j ,ay thovioweny permiaonuofthetenant,and partiulasendaty Gadsqawys~ ihofgaesry marbineek and Buhy oltoer ws.fokstreet, Candsonetee,N-ciy; ~ean of thieactioneses, 27,t Csextlseedt, Finitableysq3uare agaticlernrt1ushrod am&tueashl InxsXV. tment, mozs MESSRS.JNSac BAILYwil SLLbyAUCT ONvM StELLra- gae,TO oenbul EEIECS cret-erstwith.. fwyArs ithCgaden, vtteiry dresiablyituats 3 o.1 9i and 10ic. St Tladste, immediG,ately toppsthe Siutheln-qae, e WeatiwoemtH-Oahedon-ot Alease di~renctrmtheu freeh oldrfor andnexirobedsteads withf yearms. andarilingtgoudm a O nInz mat;ltorepcaetnntspreoducin bof the tenants e= '=, adpiiuar a tGivawddsi;og. iande-o dah On vliew, a'1 ctaloues-to behadat the rooms. To-morrow, the cot-- l-ection of pictures. AuctionRooms. establi&led 1793, for the Sale of every description or Froeet,vve, Household Furniture. Colleetions of Pitctures;, Pxonts~, Books Plate.' Jewellery. Chins, Glass, Musical Ingtruments, sazl. Miscellaneous Effects in Genera. every Wednesday, Thursday, and., Triday evyenings throughoutithe year at Ototheiuinute.- MAESSRS. JONE'S and B6~NHAM beto acquaint. the nobility, gentry. cxxcutors, trade, auNnd pustul in general,, their Auction Itoorms. 11, I12 and 13. tdester-stret,gicerte. - are themsteli inbleLondon for the S ATEof all kinds of HO S-. HEOL'E EFFCTS, estocks intmude. and articlesof verto. Cash advanced: On Vlew.-A GallMr of very fine Pictures, by the ItEalin Dutch.. Yle%ish, nd English schools;. removed from the north of England.. --Regent Auction Gallery, 71, Qa,]ss,nt, itegent-street. - l~IRGAR-CIA rs-Ml SELL - by AUCTON, s-T ,LVJabove, Togmrowfrday). Jan, it, at L. v'ery superior COL,LEMTON of PICTUIE. y the'ancient arid mnodern masters. the, procpeztyf a wel-kown collector in the north of England, and amootg whc ilbe fouhl some very free examples b)y the, follovirmrg masters:-- ].Nfrillo *CuyP Luhli Linton - Vandyke " Horrimans AI. Del Sane Peragiue, Itubens Mrienis Sass, Ferrato Jordac-as, &e.
