DEATHS. 'On the 19th It., in the Cossack Camop, ear Kerteb, from wosmds received in the skirEmish of thel6th, Richar SurteesShersvsL, Captain in the Anglo-Turkish Contingent Cavalry, and ILieuterant in the Ist Pombay Lancers, agedl 23. On the 3h ult.atBe un ,Haute'srl of typhus lever, Hemnretta Ann BidgoosL, the beloved wife of Samuel W. Baer, Esq_ late of Ceylon. On the 30th ult., at his residence, near Hamburg, aged 81, Edward steer. Esst. On the31stult.,Sarah. widow of the lateMsr. George Overton, perfarrer, East-street, LBrighton, aged 65. On WVednesday, the 2d inst., at W-nsor House, Catherine ar=y, the dear beloved and deeply re;retted wife o£ Geor M. R- iall, Esst, in peacefal reliance on her Saviour. On the 3d inst., at Reloe, Berwviclshie. George Buchan, Esq, of Kellwe. On the 3SL inst., rt Theberton House, Sanummdhai, Suffolk, Ms. WVootton, aged 82. On the Xt lnst.,t 67. Peterborough ViUas, FinchleyNew-road, Miss Esther Rawlings, aged SD. On Saturday, the 5th inst., at her house, 2, Park-terrace, Regent's. yVark, Mrs-. Sumith, aged 18. On the 6th inst.. on Stepney-green., 3fary Ann, wife of _Samuel Oresail of W hitehaPel, sister of the late .Edmund. 5cholield, Ezt,-of 3f5ddeltoen-equare. Onthe 8th inAt., Mr. Hfenry Bigg Sowton, of Sngleton, near Chichester, aged64 On the 8th irst., at his residence, Park-lane, Croydon, 3Mr. James 3attersbee, in his 65th year. Or the 8th hist, at Cheltenham, Eli-beth Mfary, the eldest daughter ef the latne Thomas Iloyeo, E6t-, formerly Captain 26thL Regiment -(Cameronians), agedI 61. On th 5th nst. at hr r oldee, 21. Alpha-road, Regent's-park Clara,wifeof illiamBurtornPenfold ofth . e r ag s 4 4 zeroe Yth inst., at Dover, aged -2, ary Anne, the wife of the Rey. Georgeo Peehu. On the 9th inst. at Brighten, Alice Philadelphia, aged 11 years, the bzloved daughterof Sir George Phip and Iady Lee, of Bryanston. square, London. On the 10th inst., at No. 20, York-terrace, Regent's-park, Moo. Sarah Gower, inher8lth year. On the 10th inst., in Montague-place, prances Ann, widow of leut.- Gener2l Sir Francis Wilder, of the ManlorlHouse, Bifiaeld, Berk On the 1the iost.. at his honse, 9, Hyde-park-streetu in his 70th year, J ohn Adam,osierieant-at-aw, Asistant Judge for the county of 3Liddlesed. On the loth inst., at.Farl-roadl, Claphaun, Sarrey, George Key, Req., Efn is 5tth year. On the 10th inst.. at Rarmagate, CAtherine, relict of Thomas Temple. Man, Esq,. of ConYngham House, Ramoisgate, in her 94thi year. On thelfthhint_.irthe6ld earof her age after aprotracted ilness,5 Rebeca, th beloedwif of Jhn Saunders liowden. Esq., of M1arand, nerWeIsetn, Somersetahire. and late of 66, Aldermanbury, and ( Othellthinst.,, Mrs. Ashl;n,eldlest daughter of.John Harvey,req., of Clapham-common.
NA FAL AND MILITARY INTELUGBNCEB The Weasel, Skylark, Starling, Dapper, Hind, sad Jackdaw gunboats were taken out of the steam basin, a Portsmouth yesterday, being refitted for the Bailtice Tha Prompt, Blazer, Havoc, and P0orpo!ri mortar vessels were taken out of the tea batib - Portsmouth yesterday, having also been refitted fot The Centaur, 6, paddle ftigate, v Gorgon, 6, paddle sloop, were talen yesterday into te fitting sin at Portsmouth. The Dragon, 6, paddle zlo,,p, Captain Stewart, was taken into the steam basin at PTortsnouth. The Geyser, 6, Pad&Xe sloop, Commander Dew, was undocked yesterdayat Teortsmoutn. The screw stevaship Brnswick, 80, Captain .L H. Yelvertonwil be tVAlenout of the basin-dock, at Devonport, today andplacW; alongside the sheer hulk to receivehermasts. The steanctransport Diligence was towed out of Hamoazo on Thursd'ay by the Confianco steams tender, and sailed the same darys with stores for Pembrokce. Th&'alockshipapForth and Seahorse, atPlynaouth, are to be got rT ady for mitng with all despateh. . TIme Albion, 90, has been warped to the sheer-hulk at flevonport, and, having had her masts taken out,was placed 'tthe noorings in ordinary. She is to be fitted as a tempo. rary hulk for the crew of the Brunswick. Fifteen apprentices to shipwrights, four to engineers, and four to caulkers are ordered to be entered in the Devonport Dockyard. The steam transport City of Paris, Commander lloy, from London for Balallava, put into Plymouth Sound on Thursday evening with two feet water in her engine rooms The hired bark Kinnear, Captain Metcalf, from London, to load provisions at the Royal Wiliam Victualling-yard for Balaklava, arrived in Plymouth Sound on Thursday. The steamship Belgique, Captain Tack, with mails for iew York, sailed from Plymouth yesterday morning. The screw transport Edina has arrived at Woolwich with a cargo of military stores from Deptford, for Balaklava. She has embarked her powder and a few other requisites, andis ready to proceed to Greenhithe to be adjusted for her sea voyage. The following appointments were made yesterday:Tieutenant E. IL Leycester, to the Centurion; Lieutenant A. T. J. Bullock, to the Centurion; Lieutenant]D. B. Pack, to the Centurion; Licutenant .S. Tornkin, to the Sappho; Robert Knox, master, to the Centurion; W. C. Back, miaster, to the Intrepid; W. Rowe, master's assistant, to the Devastation; Rlobert W. Roberts, acting-masters attendant, to Haulbowline-yard; W. H. Parker, promotedto be master; L T. Cunningham, surgeon, to the Centurion; William Evans, surgeon, to the Sappho; AUenander Fisher, assistant-surgeon, to the Brunswick; John Ifenshaw, paymaster, tothe Centurion; A. W. Inglis, midshipman, to the Pearl; A. Markham, midshipman, to the Royal Albert; C. D. Broughton, midshipman, to the Sea. orse. The Spanish Govenmnet, with a view of introducing the English system of keeping accounts in their naval departments, have despatched Brigadier Juan de Dios Rames Yzquierdo, belonging to the naval establishment of that country, to visit England, for the purpose of obtaining a knowledge of the method of keeping accounts used in Her Majesty's dcckyards. This gentleman has visited Woolwich with the intention of being initiated into the mode pursued in that establishmert in keeping the timber and stone ledgers. An experimental trial of the power of galvanism has been made in the proof department of the Arsenal, Woolwich, for the purpose of endeavouring to obtain a surer mode of discharging in regulsr succession the various guns under proof. The method, however, has been pronounced too complicated to admit of its being brought into general use for the present. A number of 24pounibrass howitzers have gone through the usual proofs at the Arsenal butt, which are intended for the use of the numerous gunboats fitting out there. The aggregate number ordered from the various Government contractors, to be conveyed to Woolwich dockyard alone, to be completed for service before the ensauing spring, is 200, independently of a number of despatch-boats. All the companies of the Royal Marines Light Infantry, Chathamn, which have been open to receive recraits from the Militia, have their full complement. About 300 men of the Provisional Battalion, Chatham, volunteered on Thursday and Friday for regiments in the Crimea. At a medical board held yesterday at Brompton 102 men were paRsed as unfit for further aetive service. The Rev. William Hare, chaplain to the forces, is about to quit Malta for Dublin, having received a similar appointment in that cty to the one he held at the former place. The Rev. Mr. Lawless succeeds Mr. Hfare at Malta. The Very Rev. the Dean of Down and Connor has been appotnted chplaln lo the Itoyal antnm Atillery Regiment.
I LETTER FBOM THE EMPRESS OF RUSSIA. The Jouts-al de St. Petersoourgof the 3d inst. publishes the following letter from the Empress Marie Alexandrovna to Count Michel Wielhorski.- " Count Mchel Yourievitch,-Appreciating the generous sentiment which led your son to express the desire to go to the aid of the suffering among our brave soldiers wounded in the army of the Crimnea, I intrusted to him, in this sacred work, the accomplishment of my vicvs and intentions " Count Wielhorski-Matuschkine completely justified my choice and my confidence by wise measures and an indefatigable activity, which were joined in the midst of incessant labours to his feelings of humanity and ardent zeaL Thousands of wounded men, thousands of mourning families have blessed and still bless the attentions so full of humanity and Christian sentiment which your son lavished upon them. It gPave me pleasure to think that on his return to St. Petersurgt I should have the heartfelt joy of ecpressing to himnmy sinceregratitude for his assiduous labours aind for having so well divined my wishes, and carried them out writh so much success. He had already vorthily received a testimony of the high satisfaction f lEs Ifajesty the Emperor at the neriod of his visit to the Crimea " The Most Ifgh has otherwise ordained. It is with keen sorrow that I have learned the premature and unexpected death of your son. I appreciate the extent of your grief, and I am unable to express the interest and sympathy with which it inspires me. One consolation remains to vour sorrow-it is the sweet thouht that your son in his short career, has known how to distinguish himself by a usefal activityinthe performance of his professionalduties, and that Divine grace has granted him an end that every Christian mayenvy. - " Deprived of the satisfaction of expressing my thankfulness to your son himself, it is in his name and in remembrance of him that I address myself to you. It was in the paternal house and in the example of the family that he imbibed the principles which formed the rule of his life, and which after his death will assure to his memory an mperishable fame. " I remain, ever your6, very affectionately, "St. Petersburg, Dee. 26." "ALBRIE.
TEE LADY, THE LOVxE, AND TEE ToRSES.-Tle following story is told by Gfdignani :-Although Cont Maison is only 25, and Madame l. de Nujac, a Parisian lady of some celebrity, is nearly 40, he some time ago became captivated with her, and made an arrangement by which he was to allow her 150f. a-week for household expenses, exclusive of petty disbursements and presents. Sorne time after Mada-me de Nujac, who lived in grand style, being in debt, found it necessary to sell her horses- and the Count approved her doing so, but gallantly said that as he had several horses of his own, and epct other he woulld not alowhertogoonfoot. A few ays aterMaame de Nujac announcedl to the count tha. she had beard of a pair of fine horses to be sold marvellously cheap, and hinted that he -would'do well to purchase them. The day after she wrote him this letter:-" Tell me, my dear love, how you are this morning, and receive the assurance of my warmest affection. You will come this evenin, will you not?-FsEMC P.S.-As regards the horses, Joseph tellsme that he hasseen Ltheia-in harness, and that they are magnificent-.mueh better than mine. They are to for ,OOOf., and you wozld do well to see them. The owner is to leave this week, and Joseph says they will soon be sold." The Countsaw the horses, triad them, and bought them for 5,OOOf., taking a receipt for them in his own name. - Hle then offered the use- of them to Madame de N jac; but he did not give them to her, and the r this was that he did not send them to her stables, hu to a rivate-one belonging to her coachman, which he hired for F l0f.ainonth; and he, besides, undertook to pay for their C keep. The very next day, however, he learnt to. his surprise-that Madame de Njac had caused thehorsetto bs removed to her own stables. He immediately wrote to he: to request that she would write him a few lines, just tosay that ahe 'did not consider the horses her property; but, iqstead of writing, she sent him a messae to go to her. -When fiewent she pretended-to fly-iatoapassionat-theidea of his suspecting her of being capable of doing a meai tlyng, aiid she made hiin beg her pardon. The Countt however, determined to regain his horses, sold them, and sent a servant forthem. They wererefused. The Count himself thenwent toMadamedeNujac, butthe servants refused Iim sdmission; he, however, insisted on seeing her, andfound her breakfastingwith another gentleman. Shethenformally declared that she would not give up the horses, and that if ie thoaltfit to goto law aboutxthemhe miht do so. The Countdid 'io to law, and thecase-was tried in Paris on Tuesday, The advocate of MIadame de Nujac, after conmpilining that Count Mfaison hid needlessly revealed her age, contenedsdthat the -horses had been not lent, butgiven; but the Tribunal orde ed the horses to be restored to -the Co.u.t,
. -1 T BURNOPPIELD MURDER% GATESIZAD, JAN. 1Q The inquest upon the body of M Robert Stirling, the ifortnato young surgeon snuraered near Bumrpfield on the 1st- of Novembtrf, va resumed to-day in the viU.- lage inn. M1r. Hutt,, XP., Major White, Mr. Eddowes, ad other gentleMen belonging to the district were present. Mr. Eunter solicitor, appeared for the prosecution; 3Mr. Stoker wat-hed the ease for the prisoner. Thecoroner, beore examining witneses, read £ comnunication that he had received from the Home-office. It was as ffllows:- "Sir,-ain directed by Secretary Sir G. reyto acknowledge the receipt of your etter of the 7th inst., suggesting the offer of a pardon to any unlicensed person who may have taken in pledge the watch which was stolen from the-Person of the late Mr. Robert Stirling, who was murdered near Bun'opfield on the 1st of November last, who will forthwith produce the same;- and I am to inform you that, under the circumstances of the case, the Government will engage toa emit the penawty incurred by any ulicensed awnbroker wch mar have oiken the wntch in question in pledge, upon condition of his coming forward pronptly and prod ucing wuit. a I am, Soi, your obedient servant, "H.L WAnmyGOry " Mr. 3. s£. Favell, coroner, Eighten-cottages, Gateshead." Thomas eobinso. was the first wcitness caUedby the police, and examined. Hesaid that he was a £armer, and lived Iabout half a mile from Winaton. He had led coals for Richard Payne, one of the men in custody. On Monday, the 5th of November, Rayne camo for them himself. About dinner-time payne came to waitness's house, and said that ho would be much ohliged if he would go and lead him acart of coals. He said he wanted them, as he had none. That ,asnal bhecsaid. he then led thecoals to tayne'sAshop at Hanover-square. Payne was there himself. Rayne helped wtness to team the coals. Did not lead coals to Winlaton regularly. Never led any for Payne before. Was quite positive thiat it was tho first Monday in November. Michael Atkinson paid witness for the coals.- Witness's workAon Saturday and Tuesday was in his hook, but not that for Monday, becauso he wasd pid on tho Tuesday. Atk.son's gallo ay was bad, and Witness led tha coals instead of him. Atkinson had bought a pony at the fair, bat it ws lame, and he returned it on the Saturday right That was the reason why witness led the coals for - l, Atkinson not having anything to lead the coals with on the Monday. The next witness, John Watson, a lad 14 years of age, on being brought forwaerd, refused to bo sworn, and the coroner having severely catechized him as to his motives for so unusual a proceeding ordered him into an adjoingroom to consider upon the matter. In the inter the Court proceeded with the examination of Cornelius Johnson, who deposed that he was a gardener by business, and surveyor of the Winlaton township roads. John Gardiner, the younger, sometimes worked for him with his father. They had apony. The father wans mason. Did not recollect at any time: ordering the young man to get a staple made for a store-room. Recollected the 31st of October last. Thought young Gardiner and his father would be worlkng at the house for him that day. Was at Newcastle-fair that day. On thelstof Novemberhe thought hewas atthe store-room, whichwas next door to Rayne'sshop. Could not sneak positively, but thought that was the day. Could not recollect the day the cart went to Winlaton, had nothing to refer to to make certain. Thought it was'after dinner-time when they resumed work-very probably a little after 1 oeclock-on the 31st of October. Would leave home about 10 o'clock to go to Newcastle, and would be home again about 5 o'clock. By Hr. Hunter.-Did not recollect meeting any gray The witness Watson, referred to above, was here called in a second time, and expressed his willingness to take the oath in due fonn. The coroner accordingly proceeded to take his evidence, after a proper admonition. He said that he was 14 years of age. He could not recollect working with Payne in October last. He was working for Rayne when he was apprehended. He did not remember that he was working for him the week before that. Hfe could tot teo whether he w-as working with RPyne on the week of Tenche's sale (the week including the lst of November. He had not told any one that he ad not. Molly Renwick often borrowed their ass to sell neats' feet. He was with MoUy Renvick the day after Tenche's sale seUing neats' feet, He thought that he got no wages from Rayne on the week of Tenche's sale. He could not speak for certain. He remembered what people said to him the week of Tencle's sale, but he could not tell whether lie was at work or not. He thought he was not at work that week with Rayne. He often went into Payne's shop on the week mentioned. He could not recollect whether lie saw Payne or not that week. He remembered the week an anvil was broken. He workced for R3yne that week. He did not work the week after. By the iury.-He remembered William Cowen often coming to tie shop. He remembered a cart coming to the warehouse and taking some things away. By Mr. Stoker.-He could not remember whether the anvil was broken on the week of Tenche's sale. He thought not. By Mr. Hunter.-He went down to Blaydon with Molly Renwick after dinner on the day after Tenche's sale. It was generally late when they returned from Blaydon. Ann Watson, mother of the lad John Wtatson, said that her son worked for Payne sometimes. HIe was a week idie after Payne was taken. He then went to work for James Miller. She could not tell whether the lad was at wok onti, noeok u Tbun:eisi sale. also could not recollect whether he brought any wages home that week. He was working for Payne on the week the anvil w.as broken. He was not at work the week after. The anvil was taken to Richard&Swan's, over the way. Elizabeth Stokesley, sister of Margaret Watson, of Colliery Dykes, who was examined last sitting, said that seven weeks that night she was living at Harelaw, and remembered John Cain corning to her sister's house. He was known by the name of "Whiskv Jack." He came about 8 o'clock in the evening. She remnembered that it was seven weeks ago because she was at Newcastle the week before. Her sister her husband, the lodger, and her sister were in the house seven weeks ago when Cain came. Her sister asked Cain if he knew anything about the murder. He replied that he knew all about it. Her sister said Mr. Watson's assistant said that a jobber came past 20 minutes after the murder was committed, on foot. Cain replied "No." He said that the firstnian came pastafter the murderwithin 20 minutes, and on horseback. Witness said that poor MIr. Stirling's head was much beaten, she understood, witha stick. Cain replied, " No, it was done with a gun." Witness remarked that it was a wonder that the jobber did not see the blood. Cain replied that it was most spilt among the grass. He further said that a man was ploughingin a field on the opposite side of the road; he could look through the trees and see him; and that if the man had been at the bottom of the field instead of the top he might have seen the deed done. He said that there was a man also ploughing and some women digging potatoes in a field near the plantation. He said that it was a quick-hedge where they trailed the body through, but that it was rather down, and they trailed it to a large bush, about 20 yards from the road. Cain stopped at their house all night. Cain had some whisky with him, and took a glass Witness made him some tea, but he could not take it. He left at noon next day. She did not know where he went to. Cain had a strange look when he came to her sister's house that night, and her sister asked her husband if he might stay, as it was a wet night. Cain had a very frightened look, and her sister thought that some one was after him, as she knew that he smuggled. By a juryman-Cain told them that he knew the lane where the murder was committed. He told them al that she had told the jury of his own free will. On the Friday before he left their house he was out of the house looking up and down the lane several times as if he was afraid some one was after him. She had never seen him so down- ' ited as he was on the day he Svas at her sister's house. lentold them that he knew Smaile's-lane as well as the floor that they were walking on. These being all the witnesses the polioe had to examine at that time, Mr. Stoker called evidence to sustain an alibi for Rayne on the 2d of November, the day that it was sworn he offered to dispose of a watch at Durham. Thonias Nicholson, a blacksmnith at Winiton, said that Rayne came to his shop, which was opposite Rayne's, in Hanover-square, on the 2d of Novenber. He came to witnesss sop about 4 o'clock- as he was going to his tea. He looked in at the window, and said that he doubted that Michael AtkinsonL was not going togt his pony, and that he (Payne) wanted his ware down to Blaydon on the Saturday. Witness recollected that it was on the 2d of November, because it was the fair week at Newcastle, and Michael Atkinson was away seeldng a pony that day. By Mr. Hunter.-It could not be the week after. Atkinson went to Hexhami fair the week after. He did not recollect seeing Rayneon the Thursday. Rayne's brother asked him to come to the inquest-room, He had not spoken to Ninkins. He knew nothing about his mock court. John Oliver, known as "Coffee Johnny," a chainmaker, livinm at Winlaton, recollected seeing Rayne on the 2d of November; the first time about a-quarter past 1 o'clock, as he (witness) was coming from Mr. Howdones field. Payne was standing at his own shop door. Witness had a dog with him, and Rayne said to him, "You have sore work with that dog." Witness replied that Mr. Slater had got a dog to try it m coursing. He afterwards saw him about 4 o'clock, and went into Rayne's house, and had his pipe with him. Pa had his tea. He had a red herring and some bread. Witness said to him, that was veryslow medicine for a man that had to work hardL He had never said that he saw Payne eat the herring in the shop. He knew that it was the 2d of November, because they sent 16 lengths of chain away on that day. Witness worked with 3r. Renwick. Mr. Hunter.-Aro yonapugilist? Witness.-That's no business ot yours. Mr. Hunter.-Have you been in trouble? Witness.-Yes ; when my father died. I have never been in custody, except for being drtnk. There was something about a box. Mr. Ilunter.-What about that? Witness.-It was stolen ; and as I was going along the road,. dronk, I wfas apprehended, but nobody appeared ariast me, as they saw I was ciear. I was never tried at ' Ninkins's?' mock trials. I know nothing about them. 1I am better know in the country as "rCoffee Johnny" than .by any other name.* Very few people in Winlaton but have fictitous names. James Mooney, arwotknian in- Mr. Iayeock's factory at Wmnliton, said that he -went to Newcastle on the 1st ot November with Michail Atkinson, to sell two ponies. He saw Richard Rayne eonye with a pair of tongs in his hands out into the yaTd ab6b 10 o'clock. -.On Friday witness bought a pony for Michael Atkinson, and on comm- home about 7o'clock at nightke yoked the pony and as he was putting; the gear on Bayne came into the stables and had some conver6ation with him. Hle was a few minutes in his company. :Witiess:et to BLaydon for some potatoes, and on returning about a quarter-past 8 he sa* Payne again. He recollected the day byit being the second day after the fair at Newcastle. - xalpph !mith, cale .bfb olioei-Was ftmek"eper for Twik colliery. Recollects an the 2d of November reeing' two men. It would be aBout half-past.9 or 10oelockin. the forenoon. He was takng the uumber of the colliery waggons. The hwo men t at he saw were walid, aide by 'side. They were going south., He has r; seen them in the police-station in Hateseea He saw-them on Christmas-day. The two met. Nint out as Richard Rayne and John Cain are, the men. He was certain those were the men he saw pass Twisel on the 2d of November. The man that 1kda velvet coat on, Rayne, had a peculiar walk. He wo!2a swear that it wa he. No one ever told bhim abo' ve' Uecuiiar before he saw the men at rateshed Wiess named Rayne's walk to the overmxaD on the colliery upon the 21 of Novem.ber. He thought they were seeking work, and he did not like their looks, The men went down a foot-road that leads from Shielld-road to Durham or Chester-le-Street. Cain had a sharper way of walkigthanBayne. He was sesitive that he was not wrong in e men. He was in the habit ofemployingmeuon banka9labourers. This induced him to mnake the observation to the over man. By Mr. Stoker:-Hle would be about 12 yards from the men when he saw them. A policeman was in the offie on the 2d of November when he mentioned to Mackinally that he had seen two iner whose looks he did not like, and described them to that person in the presence of the policeman. The policeman's nam is Curry. He heard of the murder the week after. About sLX or seven weelks after he heard of the maurder Curry came to him and asked him to go to Gateshead to look at two men. He VWas shown them in the yard, and he immediately said that Rayne and Cain were the two men thab passed TwizelL Twizell is about four miles from Barnopfieldi about eight miles- from Durham, and about eight miles from Wmlaton. The polce did not poit out the men to him. r. B Croftou, farmer, of Whitehall, near Chester-leStreet, said, he remembered the 2d of November. HIe hid two farms, and was returning to his home about half-past 12, when he met two men upon Whitehall bank in a road that led to Durham. He has since seen the men at the police station at Gateshead. He saw -them yesterday weeL- Those men are John Cain and Richard Rayne. W. had not seen the men before. On the 2d he fist overtook Rayne in the road. Cu was 40 yards in front of him. Rayne's ankle was exposed, and he thought that he had a shorc muscular anl;e. He took the two men to be two navvies on tramp and Rayne appeared to be suffering from bad feet. when he (witness) came up to the men he looked at Rayne, but Rayne did not look up, he looked from the side of his face. He identified Rayne by the cast of his eye and his features. He could not geb a good look at Cain's face, As he wore a rough foxakin cap. He was so much struck -with the appearance of the men that, on riding past them, he turned round in his saddleand looked at them until he turned into his own gate. He looked particularly at Cain on passmg as he was the leading man. He remembered that the day that he saw the men was the 2d of November, because it was the first day that he commenced to take up potatoes at Pelton-grange. Saturday was the colliery pay-day, and he remarked that it was a wonder he had so many women to wrork in the potato-field. The Monday morning -was also the Earl of Durham's rent-day. Themiquest was ad3ourned for half an hour, and upon assembling again Xfr. Stoker called evidence to prove an Ialibi for Cain. Philip Smith, fruithawker in Newcastle-on-Tyne, said that onte Iv 'Novemrber he had a child born, about 2 @dcock in the morming, and after dinner, it might be about I o'clock in the afternoon, he came out of his house, and seeing John Cain come out of his own passage he waved his hand to bin, and he came across to him. He told Cain that as he now had a son he would give him a glass. They went to the Cannon publichouse, in the Close, where Cain had three half glasses of w-hisky and a glass of ale. They then came out and stood on the Saudhill, where they stood some time. They then went up toMr. Colpitts, where they had two half glasses of whisky and parted. BY Mr. Hnnter.-He ( itness) waas sober in the mornmig, but " fresh" in the afternoon. He might be an hour in Cain's company. Witness went to the horse fairafterhe parted with Cain. Cain's wife sent to him on the day his child was christened, five weeks after it was born, to ask him if he could remember being with her husband on the 1st of November. He had not drunk with Cain before that day. He had no great acquaintance with Cain. He didnot know him by that name. He knew him as "Whisky Jack." His missus was called Mrm Robson. People said that he made whislky. Joseph Bell Oley a shipbroker and Custom-house agent, resding in NO: 3,; it. John's-lane, Newcastlc, who appeared to be tipsy while he was being examined, said that ie saw John Cain on theist of November in the Turk's Head, on the Qnayside. The hruse was kept by a man named Lawson. Cain was standing at the bar. Witness went into the "public" witl hisbrothertoget a beefsteak. He had known Cain previously. Witness ann his familybelonged to Shotlybridge, and Cain was well known in that neighbourhood. He spoke to Cain, and asked him if he had been in the west country lately. He then asked Cain to go up to get a beefsteak with them. Cain went with them and had the steak. Cain dined with them about half-past 1 oclocl, and he (witness) parted with him about a quarter-past 2 o'clock. The Coroner.-Are you drunk ? Witness.-No. Turn me to the rightabout, and I will come to the front. (To the Jury.)-Am I drunk-? The Coroner-Go out of the room, Sir. I will not takle the evidence of a man in such a condition. Policeman, remove hme. The Coroner.-Mr. Stoker, have you the books from Mrr. Cowen's, of Blaydon Burn, with regard to the delivery of coals at Rayne's shop on the it of November? Mr. Stoker.-No, Sir. 3Mr. Cowen promised to have a clerk here, but he has not come. I have had a letter from Mr. Cowen, iun., with regard to the coals delivered from Blaydon Burn. r. Covwen wites:.- "Dear Sir,-It is not unlikely that an attempt will be made to break down the evidence given by Foreman, our cartmam, at the last day of the inquest. I state, therefore, for your guidance, that the book which alone contains the record of Roremar.s work, and to which he swore, fully corroborates the statement as to leading carts of coals on the Ist of November. Our clerk, Mr. Bennett, can swear that the book is correct, and our baulsman can prove that Foreman's statement is true by his memorandum-book- but a book which is kept to record the quantities of coats sold, and in whlch we are indifferent as to dates, bears out Fore. man's statement as to the quantity of coals led, but the dates do not correspond. This, however, is of no moment, as the dates in this book are oftener wrong than right. It only gives a record of the quantities of coals sold. this for your guidance. " Yours truly, "J. G. Stoker, Esq." "JosErn CowEx, jnn. Superintendent Squires said, he had examined Mr. Cowen's books yesterday, and made the foliow extracts from the depot book kept by Hndson, the banksman at Blaydon Burn:-"Nov. 1,4cartsof coalsled toWinlaton, and 1 ditto to Blaydon Burn. The memorandum-book, ke in t eil by Hudson, shows .-"O ct 30, 2 loads of coals ledtoW`nlaton." No entry beyond that date. Day-book at Messrs. Cowen's office shows -" Nov. 1, 1 load of coals to Blaydon Burn, 2s. 6dL; Nov. 2, 1 cart of coals, per R. Foreman (in small hand),3s. 3d.; 3 ditto,ditto, at2s. 6d., 7s. 6d.; I ditto, ditto, per R. Foreman, 2s. 6d." Extract from Messrs. Cowen's day-book at Winlaton:-" Nov. 1, 1 cart of coals, 2s. 6d. I ditto, ditto, 3s." The ledger shows for Rayne:"Sept. 6, cart of coals, 3s. ; Nov. 15, cart of coals, 3s. ; Nov. 27, cart of coals, 3s. ; Dec. 3. cart of coals, 3s." This being the whole of the evidence on both sides, The Coroner proceeded to sum up, which he did at great length, entering into a history of the case as developed by the evidence produced during the protracted inquiry. He said Mr. Stirling was last scen alive by a lad named Anderson, passing the Spen Farm aboLt 20 minutes past 1 oclock on the lst of November, after his usualprofessional v isit to Low Spen and the neighbourhood. Shortly after he was met by Mfr. Stobart, the cattledealer, entering Smaileslane, where the murdered body was found, He was no more seen alive, and his mutilated body was found on the 6th of November by Thomas Hoknes, awvroodma1n, lying in Smaileswood. MWr. Eddowres, a surgeon, made a piost sws-Scss examination of the body, and proved that the unfortunate young man had died from a gunshot wound in his abdomen. Hie then commented on the evidence of the lad who was in the potato field abutting on Smaile's-lane on the afternoon of the murder, andwho hearda shotfrom a gun in the direction of the plantation, followed by cries of "Oh dear!" and a noise lke the hounding of a dog through a hedge. He further alluded to the testimony of Mr. Stobart with regard to meeting two men in Smaile's-lane, under suspicions circumstances, just before he passed a young man who was approaching the spot where the murder was committed a few minutes after, and who was, no doubt, M. Stirlig; and pointed out to the jury how the witness ilescribed the risoners Rayne and Cain as the men he there met; though he would not swear to them, he had little doubt that they were the men. Then, i the coroner said, there was the evidence of 'Mrs. Raine, the pawnbroker, identif ELayne as the person who I offered to pawln a watchsresembling 31r. Stirlings on the 2d of November at Durham. She positively snore to him He then passed in review the evdence produced to prove an di, showing its diiscepancies and contradictions; andthe remarkable negation of the case set up by the defence bythe evidence of iMr. Crofton and MIr. Smithi produced by the police that day. And with regard to Cain, he said therewas the singular circumstance Of the glass button found in the plantation the Sunday after Mr. Stirlings body was discovered. Cain's denlal that he had everfbeen in Smiaile'swood, or lane, either before or after the murder; the identification of the button as belonging to a waistcoat which he had- admitted was' his;' and then his history of the inurder,'with his account of the jobber passing on horseback a short time afer the murder; his description of the mnan ploughing in the field, and the blood oh the grass, as detailed An evidence by Mr. atson and her sister belonging to Horlaw; putting nll those points together, the facts that had been elicited by the pro- ecutio,[an coutmasting tbem'with the eontrajictions in I the attempted abi, he askred the juy whether these was nosufcient evidence agannst theC twolmcenh ancustody to dodecaretheirbeliefas to upaseof toheve been motr- thought it worth mhile caUing h.m The ry etired, arld, after about hRIf an houes ab,,enoo, TheCrmner asked the foreman if they had coansidere The Coroner replioed,tha they whad,bt them a had no toughtiit wotha whilchalliRng him.Jh ai erh Thof r roemetre'ad,b r fo and, febu half an ithour' athene Thea toronerhasked the foremana if the hipadiconsidere topinion that Riheuylard caone and'h Johncauionwr thet Rayne anda cain shouxld be sent to Durhani assizes for trial on achage o.th wilul urde ofMr.Robert Stirling, im th'so.Nvmbrls.gA:,it f"ifu udr wa acodnl eode gis hm se~edg( t reditfor the. dxiguneM they a iown! n tTl sher!tSi,calb: to li}t aad gtting up the eme pThe O- , d that thejury quite coaxcued inih4 Thero awsamnmour i Newcae x31 dr 3Verdy & S!mmF one of thc meninc COdJ in3foit*h gao on a c2za oF murdering old Dorothy Bewit at Maten, had wade; coinfession. Tht i not thc ca Re hag rquud 1;h attendance of & 3tagitte to make a atatetnent. Thg nature of i' 3as not tranapired.
I -EH SMATE OP GBEECji TO THE EDITOR OF TEE TfS. Sir,-A letterappeared in your colurmns of the 5th -k teLded as a reply to heunangwerableartile frio theE newspaper which you had the goodness to publish fIrl sne. The writer of that letter hs miae a greater effortoftrtherinsultand calumniate the Government and Kig of Greecethantoanswerthatarticle. Itminiht, peij been better not to have noticed his eSuAon, in ae ait; is desttute of a single argument against the questiou th4 theuaticle in theHope intenadedtooemouatrte; but, asthat, article appes to have excited thebile of M. "a; ZeW" san as I ws the cause of its beingpublehd here, I beg yow ilL grant me, forthe lasttit e, a portion of SPAcinour valu able paper to make a few remarqa in answer to wht might; aepear to those unacquainted with Greek vary- Lusible contradiction, affai ' tof the Greek jouralist was to prove toioi Wsenowrers tha t thelate zevolution ws not of Busela&. instigation, and that our policy was vastly t variance with~ that of Rtussia in the East. In anwaer to olturn of argt. mnents in the Greek journal, Mr. cc Zve" complzcently. satisfies himself by exclmig that "Cistory 1l Write this epistle of the Greek revolution," and, like a trme crit_ he leaves the living generation ignorant of his vluable, opinion Amongthe many things learntin this countrywe have been taught, when diacuig aerious questions too. put forth sound aramuentss and to draw our conciusi& fromevidences and proofs. From Mr. "& irog I expect, such arquments, or, at least, a plausible accusation that. Russia instigated the last revolution. That revolumtior ought not, I admit, nor would it have taken place then, h?4_ we been aware that the Western Powers would enternpon war s ainst Russa. Such a movement in opposition to the great naval Powerw, 'would have been madness indeed, and if Mr. -&se"oon siders ns so wdly, he will give usthecreditfor not being so stupid as to attempt it. I beg Ir. " Xiv,p" who begins to ridicule our expectations of a Greek Byzantine empire by calling himself oufriend and "sympathizer in our progress," and euding him letter by'" May God in His mercy avert such a misfortune, from the eastern nations P to reserve his Eympathy, for wea thousand times prefer open enemies to friends like 'With venom on the tongne ; it would have been more cousistent to have signed his name " Philo-Turk" than to have, diss~aed our language by signing his name in Groek letters. ebngandage rn Geece, Sir, has been a very eerious. question to all parties of its Government, and we ourseiveshave written to friends in high positions in Athens, and to, the most respectable mnerchants there, and all the information we have collected coincides with the conclusion wao ourWseves came to, and it only requires a dispassionate. t'hought to perceive it. % tuIn the revolution of Greece in 1821 a far larger territory than the present one took arms against Turkey- C ndia, Samor, Psara, Cydonia, Epirus, and m an other pces are livng witnesses in their ruins of their protest against theirslavery. Alltheinhabitantsofthatterrtory, after theyh dI fought theexterminatingwarof sevenycars remained-afterpeace vas granted by the mercy of God-in the present smal territory of Greece (the most and aud exposed to the depredations of robbers on the confines of Turkey), becausthey dared not return to their own countries, fe ad, in fact, abhorringand anathematiing the Turkisye. ` e- mailing in the land they had conquered with their blood, they were as children in a great desert, deprired not onlyof; the comforts of a home, butof thenecessaries of£life. Tgnorant, with -but an inferior knowledge of industry, desEtiteof means, and unassisted by Government, they had to buili& houses, to cultivate the land, and to clothe their nakedness. A people who had been under a galling and brutalizingyokefor 0years, placed unon such a shibbom soil, and under such circumstances, it is not surprisang thet some. should become outlaws. Hence the orgin of brgaudage in Greece, the extent of which has certainly been great, ana the existence of which has brought such unmerited di&n& on the nation and such obloquy on the Governizent.=t, extensive as brigandage has been in that country, the reports circulated have been grossly exaggerated, and, moreespecially, the account of Mr. "Z Ziog" would lead one tosuppose that horidc rimes are comritted lmost bourl,yan thatsthecapital of Gteece, as in its remotest ds.- tricte, lfe was in the most imemnent danger, and thats.afety rendered it necessary to be armed ccpn.isue To us, Sir, the facts are painful enough wilthout beingmagnified, but wrhen writers like M£r. " 3h Eog" vdsh theo British public to estimate the character of our nation bythe acts of a fewe outlaws, it is indeed painful, and exaty parallel to *udging the character of Enlihen by the ac-- complished criminal Palmer and several others. I can assure the British public that the inhabitants of Greece abhor such outrages, and that the Government of: that countrF havemrde, andare making, the most strenuous effortsto brng the criminalstojustice; butif in7reLand,withS her orgaed police, with her bosom enconpassed by railways, and with no mountain fastuesses to resort to, the, sae crimnes are perpetrated, and England fils as she does repeatedly, to bring the murderer to justice, is she less cu-l- tiono o v rle-s ne iet n her protec- lf,then, ourcapacity forgovernment is to be am urexd by the standard laid down by Mr. " soi-,' the positionof England to govern Ireland is no hppier than our own. I regret having to allude to this subject, but I beg theBritish public will accept my assurance that I wish to cast. no Ehnrupon either itsfOoverunmentorulpon the Irishpeopln. Infamous characters are met with in the best orofamxed' countries, but their crimes should not he laid at ta door of every inhabitant. Our inability to exterminate brigandage lies prindexlin the bad division, and in the extent and nature of ourboundaries, and so long as these continue the same will outrages be committed, for with considerable facility thes brigands can descend and plunder, retreat into the Turleis.- territory and do the same, and return, as they are pursuedi on either side, but to repeat their acts. Therefore I say again that until the p resent arrangement. of territory is altered it will be impossible totally to externinate these outlaws by any kind of government whatever. The prayer of 31r. "i eVog," " that England and Fracc, would take us under their protecting wings to save us from, inevitable barbarism," shows such an amount of igorance of the progress of the Greek MAtion since 1832 as obliges oneto repeat here what is so well lnownto those versed in her - politics. Since the revolution we have re-built our ruined towrL, inproved our old and constructed now cties,-Athens, Syra, Amaiopors, Pata, and many others. fe have increa ournavy, whichnow numbers 5,000 vessels, representing: 250,000 tons burden, and which are insured at -lcyd't, second only to the British. Wve have academies and schools in every town, city, bra village, and in 1854 there were studying in our 479 publici scEoois 38,OlS scholars, wvho were instructed by 6SS profes.- urs aud schoolmaters, at an expense of 81,32 oracfal or 200,000oe Of these 279 are supported by Government, 165 bymunicipal bodies, and tbyerich oatriots These young, myen are dispersed everycyear throu2hdut the Tukis ternitory-missionaries of HIeller We culMtvate out of our arid territory o ,759,870 streta. of land. We have been able to r er 5e889,x00is live stock ald produce 8,246,90e w ilogrammes of breedstuffs = 1,200,000 quarters, 1,600,000 okes of oil, 16,200,000 okes of wine, 20o,heOub. of irlk, and this hangreatly increased of late; of currants 60,00t,0001b., an, i,t500hiOlb. of wool, besides other minor articles. Thelast 20years wre have expended 200,000,000 drachmas in theilantation of useful trees only, which thebarbarons lbcahim o t throunghout Greece at the time of our revolution. Wee are imorting everyyear fromh2l,00o,00 to 25tebmihe w dracapas of t ngan sh and other European manufactures and. coanial produce, and we exported in 18a1 14,000,000 drachmias of produce. These figurest are not imanarv, hut. officia lly correct, being the report of our Prime t iDeister l852S3, and vill be found in the Pana'ora newspaper of To w hese idications of W atienseprosserity add the pos-e - session of afe nd unfettered press, the free exercise oft religions liberty, and consider w;ith what apidity the Greek: m,erchantsin this and other countries have risen, and ill out of a population of less than haf that of onion,i; nd, if ths progress does not,sitwyour correspondent, then verwl is the condition of his friends the Turks most hopeless, eve. to him unless, indeed, he be one of those who so eagrl detect the mote in others' eyes while the beam in their-vow, escapeS thenL -One sentence more. The proof that there is vitality ina the Greek is that from the highestto the lowest the expec-- tation is that wie shall again posss that territory which, once was ours, and to this end we work But what we - amdxous to show the WVesternPowvers is that, such being our-- expwetations and hopes, our policy is vastly opposed to that of Russia. Regarding the question he p)ut-s to us insinuatin * foreign rule, I answrer himi,-and I am certain that I here~ express the sense and feelings of the Greek uation,-with. -perhaps two exceptions in Athens stamped with the mark of traiters,-that there is not one individual Greek whowould wcish to see his country subjected even to the 3nosts powerful, or most fatherly foreign rule. I remain. Sir. vour obediene servnt. G.. MAN.\-ZAVNO. .Anchester, 3i" 9.
E=A01MsZAY SZi~ --On Sunday evening, tin 23& of December, at 10 e'cloc1, a man in the prime of' life, but whose appearmce betokened poverty and misery, enteredl the Granthmn Arms, Dyer-street, Ieeds,and havinc7 not eardto peaka wrd. lte sitingthus for 2OV. to remove any excresoenoo on it; he thenetlraeyu the red-hot end of the pker down his tra.Tepros Errsent caught hld of im, and,hb'rmvd h oe- m hs-posesin,bathel hIds mo r am ae. The man was ultimately removed to teMn yofe, 'where every attention. was shown1m;adinnwet. inquhiris as to the cause of t-he is c,h nyrpidht it ias A very foolish act, and he didotIow htheas doing.- His tongue, throat, and under Iipwrveymli burnt, from the effects of which he dieTis rdy.Tle only information that can be gandaottedcae v that his name is, Thuma Barker an that hIcae.r~ Bolon,in .anashre.An nqust as eld ons the boyat theCout-hus lat Studaybefre obn Blackb=rn to the state efb nd."-Lfnny, MnWate& .
_ Ffirom * ZOZfDON GAZETT of Friday, Jan. IL WFP.T-rAT.T, .TAv 10 'me Qat his beea pl1se t6 diret letters patent to ba Iaed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a Baron Of the Unitcd Kin;doma of Great Britain and Ireland unto the Rk*~t Hont. Sir Janmes Parke, Knight, late on- of the 33arong of Her Mfajestys Court of ExKchequer, for the term 'Of bis rnatural life, by the name, style, andl title of Baron Wensleydalei of Wensleydale, iu the North Riding of the £Ottnty of Yorkc. 3BOARD OIF TRADE, WHMMALuxi JAN. 10, 'Ihe lords of the Commuittee off Privy Council for Trade Znd Plntations have received a despatch from Her Ma. 45stys Consul at Oporto, reporting that upon the arrsval of -Teasels intending to enter that port off the Oporto Bar uestn Wil be puto them throu the telegrpap at the Jigthose t S. jsodFezi by The officers of the Board -of ealt, wich heymust answer satisfactorily, to be 'admtte ino th Doro;and that, to enable them to reply -tomuca qestons mstes o veeel ouhtto be furnished with Marrat's codeof snas hhi the, one used at SUGAR. DUTIES IN FRANCE. 'mc Committee of thePrivy Council have received acopy -ot a despatch from Her Lraiestys Anmbassador at Paris, for-. wardin-g the French-Imperial decree, fixing for the present -the duties on importedI sugar-viz. :-From French colonica inAnerica~, beyond. the Capie, present duty; from Chfina, 'CohinChia, he hilppies,andSianm, 45f. per 1OD 'dutes,augmnte by f. er 10 ko Janimes.Brhooe Schott o b Len,.~ie Wmbrly. esgnd;John Hampden 'Carls, enl. to e Enign Chales amilon Sns,gent.. to be By the LOsn-Lxzurr.-A?rT of the County of Iforzr,mTsroe N0hviteAXoPOhir8 lii,Es~ ila Henhy worge-de-Capel Decke tobeLieut.; Baig FellhdaseterAvhitehurstto be ILieut.; 'Charlez Jenuiga to be Ensign. B3y the IOatn-LmvrcTr.A,%-rof the County of Fsvz TUfeihlre Miltia Artz] e:y.-Heruy Moore Jobnstone, gent., to be *0ceud Lieut. gen, t beEnsr~fT,lbl0Millnsg Gog of King's OOwnOUNWLT lattife Rgimnt oya Crnwll angrs.EnsvsMurray to be By7 the LOaD-hg reic.ui' of the CoDunty of StosacouTir. FR0yal Monniouth.hire Light Infantry Iteiment of Ifilitls.-Li-ut ZcJoft Bichned Rusgell tobe Capt . Enisign William leigh to be Lieut., vice HRomfkra. resigned; EnsgxnWilliam Owen to be Liext., vice Leigh, By the LoxD-LnT7xrstracTot the county of iMmne,ysxi dorEdmonton Royal Ride Regiment of Middlew1 Mltia.- 'Chaaie Endger, gent,. to be Ensign Brthe Loit.LrurcTIMANT of the CountyPalatine of DunRtA3r; latflrbaan le&iuent OfXMUati.-L!eut. Villiam DaleTrotter tobe 'cap;t.. vice Forester, resigned; E1nsign Thomas Kipling to be Lieut., wisle Trotter promoted By the LI-LETA-Tof the County of RE&rs. West Fie Millitls.-LIeut.!John Manners Tharpe to be CaPt., rice Bgt-tt, appointed to the 2Sth Iot. Charles Gregory WVay, gent., to be xaanznn rice Horwood, resigned. B'y the LoRD-L'xcamxAt-r of thb Coun ty of FostsAa. ?oearand Kincardine Regiment of3filitiaAxtillery.-Second Licut. Xhrnta Broen to be Flt Let., vice Carnegie. resiguedL Blytbe tGRDn-LirrTA,-,Tyrof the County ofLmcmTx:n_ Leicestershire militia,-John Buckley, REq.. to be Capt.; Hercule. gekrnn,mt.,tobelEnsgn. 2~e following placeshbarebeen duly registered for the soleemirationl .of ioarriages therein:- The Chuirch of our Ladty Immwaulate and St. CstibZert, Brancepath, Lee Chapel, Lee. Rent. -8t. Catherine's5 Catholic Chapel, Penrith. MrAngelismi (Orthodox Oriental Christianal. Bmnchester. Wlzarretb. Lianiwouno, GlaMorgn. Ehonezer, or Surrey-road ChplNorwcich IPARTX`]tEHIFS DISSOLVED. It.Creen andE Cobb.-Yeoushsre-street, Queen-square. plumbers -Quarmbhy and Starkey, Slaithwaite, orielsewhere, waste dealers. -Dirorn, DaLvidson. and Co., Liverpool. Dhrom. Hunter, and Co. 3i0mbay. and Dirom. Gray, and Co.. Shanghai. East Indiarnerha&it'-m faraa regards C. RZyder and D. rotter.-Hutchinson and Holland2 itewington-acaunewar, furnishing ireunmonger&. -Han,afoe-s, Brthers, Newinan-utreet, Oxford-street, East India agents.-Hudson and Robin.voos Crawshaw Booth. lancashire cottonspmnnecs as far as regards -J. Robinisoo,-E. Merchant sand H. Grafton, Der6y, coal,lealoms-j,L -COwan and A. 3M'ay. Dumatable, drapers.-Fisher and Watzon, B3radford, Yorkshire, stunenmasen.-Coy, Brothers Leicester. drapemrs. -G. urmt and G. Skrimshire, Crescent-plae. New Bridge-street, Blackfiams sur"eos- Leech and Lees, Manchester. auctioneers.- 'Wise and Fsnnlin Liverpool, slate merchanta.-Constantine and 'Brook, Halifax Yorkshire, worsted manufacturers.-C, L. and D. M, ZF3et Tatnten. lieendrapor.-W. Baker. J. Cutler, and H. Van 'Wart,ld Mlonkland. Lanarkshire. tube manufacturers.-Higgins and 43un. Luion, Bedlfordshire, plumbera.-W. Sumnertleld and Son, -Stretford, near Mranchester, joiners.-Morice. Napier. and CO., LiTer- vool,"shipchandlers.-H. Shield and J. Ui. Harwood, Clement's. I laze, embar-street, attorneys.-R, SchofieId, W. Brown, K.- Davi and W. Halse, Greeshata-street. Cheapsidle, warehousemen; a fa cia regards B. ScholleId.-J. P.3Moses and 5!. D. Strelitz, Hounds. ditch. Birminghami warehonsenien.--W. and J. Bgond, Lamietl,. lightern,em--G. Jenlins and J. Green. President-street East, Kin square, St. Luke's, watch cssemakers.-H. Denry and J.1muna, Wo¶. Terbmptn, nil,ers-T.Prat an J.H. ogers Baker-street, PELcetma eyaual'. cabinongetrorierst-C. B. Buchann Wend oiesday T. condJ brokter,adgD. BumechanalSn.adC.,cto rkr, <1r.ow s and.Sn, anednesaary Stafodhr,iilwihs nfra regldsW. row lJ.-WTatt sAld er stebrby, Bewho ,Yokhie -frt dirof Inles.-,dflany Tesday andrr Sonn, lackGuleybanlchamhie,il snan`WaCooItreirs.-Thbealer Jonsn..tandoo ClothiLndfntsa Leds, loth4 unayrTbsss-Jy. atM. Psyntelland Guil baryanh, Pemroke IsnhHsurgeons. J.H. BMley, Hoely.ex -iononger-fiirstdii-, of Is. "lt, any Weuesday, at Mir. Whennoel's, Basighall-ibrbr"Baigil-treet. V. and J. T noutlkg, Commdreralrod Hambermth. lihandrnpers:-firot alli,r of 43s. 4 d., any Tuesday, at Mr. Feninell's, Guildhall-charoberss -Basuighall-street. StI FB eroand, dealer in watrpsroof culotorn-fist dii-. of 4. "a. Tod-.satM.Pue'sGodbl-hbss,oBaednehlsftret . ove,nsa Susex, brokerthirde subf sequeit, an usay, nt r. PEdw er&s, Guamdrallkcauhrt, Basiegliall-street. 'dir, r Is. d.. an Tuesdy, at r. Peneoi's,GnlIdhll-c onsbr BiIr. Edwards's,Sambrook-couct, alinchadi-strest ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~4 .- W ednesday next. n h e u s q e t W in sl y , a r d a d ', .Sambeook-court. BssinghSambrooltceut, T~~il andT. Doetas, VIo-strot. rothmaufacturer-fifth 'di, o IllI., ny onay,at ir Caaans,Aldermnanbury. BANKRUPTCY AHM-LLRD. George Weatherbeasl, New-castle-upon-Tyne, joiner. BAN~KRUPTS. Rtobert Turner, Lludgate-bill and Birmiingham. draper, to surrender -Jan. 23. at 2 o'clock. Feb. 19, at half-past I, at the Bankrupts' Court; -solicitor. Mir. Shephard, Clifford's-inn, Fleet-street; official a6ssgnee, 2,!r. Graham. James W.1ilson, inLto of Whitchasen and Lirerpool, ship broker, Jan. :31. Feb. 22, at II o'clock, at±he Bankrupts'cDurt ; solicitor, Mr. Reed, lrotmonger-lane; official assignee Mr. Canaan, Aldermanbury. Thomas Hampton. Broadwater. Sussezx, corn merchant, Jan. 25. at 312 O'clockr, Feb. 19. at I, at the Bnrps Court; solicitors, Messrs. Vandercoms. Crce, Laws, and Comyn,Rel-lane, Cannon-stret; official .nssignee, Mr. Lee, aAgleetermanhurye Jeander IlatandeChrson, Aubsodge innkeeefr.YrL,bJan. 2artFeb.w2, a It o'clock, at the Biratnihe Leen District Cuto akuty oiios :af. ddebroke Soureige;an Mesr.oright, aimnghaem; *ofllcial assignee, Mr. Christie, Birmrengham. -Ja.C 5 eb 5 at 1ocok at the!cok,a Le aeds , District Courof Bank .rupcy: oliitor Mr.Nayor, eeds oficial asivne.poor. aond nuanfactrers Ja. IS Feb 18 at 2 o'lock atthe ,ee o Dcloct. Gaorge Lowgien Oldaitpon-io-thealer,h Jain.oni28 raer Feb. 65 t 'lc .ad2.a 1 'lc,at the Leedsste District Court of Bankruptcy, oiio,M.Fr 'ZiUngston-upos-erl: solicitor Mr.gne FarXraw. r anfchesal sine FedwardH K RhemSnersoand . s Knahld Ferr,Lncolchstrleet seedn -crushers.-Feb. 6. and J.. atn1 o'cloc. autone CalesDistrictn Csurtdofd Bonksuptcy Kongston-ple -Hubll: J soictrne,Mr Peel. ietrpv~oo;ad,str.Brte. Laebuems ffcal FassIgne TMair. Carak ulLsrkFmuy Johense vichuallrds,FCardi, sitpowtn Jan. 22De. 19Sct, atreatcloc. 'atteBrisCTolDstrcCourgmteof aeskrcuptcy - olictors, hess nrsBvarn Cha.r1s Fo. Manhest er.rinsts'-coaosrwasrya. wathmaerFeb. 14, at -czitor.Mswic. ioteMncheeteroFebicialJ asvignee-M.eyenoakna, iomon-ceser.-Fb .I .Ftht.Hnvrsre.tio. -Sarlamue L row e ee. Otiba , p .ovision dae, Jean.2,he, atmorp 'slock,wn ting atou Mncester; J Ofiiaan,tereottm Kmlren Manchester. delrFeb. 4, . K. FomesiadAK, Chse, Faer.Inchnrc"-Sutret,inuan'Lc`e1 brokeer.-Feb. 2. G. Jidg and S. Jcs.Bxon. Carfisle, satineiBadiorb 2YoW.Lsdgre, Doncstapers.loier.I,JBaeyAdl-te,Wo- Hele's.tesmuc brkers-Fe. I E.Tito1b GIower.a Bekhie,Gob 4. J Walh. Lverool,cornmerhans-Feb I.Ja. 22Pr 2o'clt,ocdkr, a NewtonushelDevoshire winemerchnt-Fe. 2,i Kettle, Sot.oc Feb.1, F Puley, ewinlon-anseay. atc Jaue.~e. 5, at.1 tasin. pawel. nneepr-e.2 COR AV EvAGe.evnkz,ino GeeaWe3Ae3er &cc.B '' ic ett. Hanover-tre.HnVe-euA T-,KIQ talr- XTes erapriceof2rownor MnwAsdO Sugsr computedfrom the xeturct made in the woek ending the 8th of JYarymT. excdusiTo of Cusome DutieI paid or payable thereonon the imp-tatiou thereof into Great Brit%in:- rrmTn the lhriUde ionc inA rj JuDt . . St 3 pCr wt. B:cn2heitunti. .. . .. .. No retul. W1Omtheat Indies .. .. . .. z e *yeeprice of tho t*oi-~n . 3 2 - My autbotiaaaoC t HxrAY B]an43Lr, Clek of the Groot& Cmpany. o ff-wl. Jan. 11.
.0OfAEY-REARTPTandJITYIELLGGOE. I ~~~- - Friday Evening. The Engylish funds opened this morning with a steady appearance, aiid continued to be- fairly suppor e until the nublication 6, th'e eaond edition of l he Times, with the monthly returns of the Bank of France, showinge a renewed decrease in the bullion, when a fal took place of a-half percent., from which there was no recovery. Consols for money, which left off yesterday at 86a to i, were first quoted 861 to At, whence, in the middle-of the day, they droppea to A5. At the official close the prices were 85k. to :86 for money, and 86k to i for the account, but after regular hour in consequence of lower quotations from Paris, transactions took place for the account at 86i to J. With 'regard to the peace negotiations nothing fresh transpired; but there seemed less disposition to attach importance -to them. Although the principal operators during the day sold largely, there was a good demand for stock on the part of the public, and consequently a diminution in the pressure for money. In the discount-market it was iu active request at full rates. BaukStock closed 206 to 207; Reduced, 86 to J; New Three per Cents., 86 to i; India Stock, 217 to 220; Long Annuities, 3.; Annuities, 1885,16k; §xchequer-bonds, 97; and India-bonds and Exchequer-hblls, 7s. to 3s. discount. Foreignl securities were generally heavy, and prices show a decline from those quoted at the comI mencetent of business. In Turk;ish Six per Cents. the fall was about one-hlf per cent., the transactions for the account having been at 80,4, i,and k. The New Guaranteed Four per Cent. Scrip was negotiated at 44 aud J, and the final quotation was 44 to 4 discount. Ecuador New Consolidated Stock w;as quoted ta-day in the ofiidal list at 13kand 14; the Old or Unconverted, -5; the Provisional Land Warrants are also introduced, but there were no transactions in them. The other general operations comprised-Brazilian, 98-; Mexican, for accoiunt, 194; Peravian, for account, 744 and i; Portuguese Four per Cents., for account, 45; RussianFour-and-a-Half per Cents., 854 and 86; Sardinian Five per Cents., 81; Spanish New Deferred, for account, 22 and 214; Dutch Two-anda-Half per Cents., 631; and the Four per Cent. Certficates, 94Y and 94. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates of last post were fully maintained, but no important alteration was perceptible. The corn-market this morning was very firm at the prices of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows a moderate business at a decline in most cases of kd. per lb. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse triis evening were 62f. 20c. for money, and 62f. 50c. for the account, showing a fall of a-half per cent., and a predominance of monev sales. The Bank of France returns for the past month, published to-day, excited much disappointment. Notwithstanding the extraoidinary extent of the remittances from this side, the bullion, which in the previous return had at length shown a sliaht recovery, has now experienced a renewed falling off of 772,0001., the total stock having been reduced to 7,980,0001. It is satisfactory, however, to be aware that the 500,0001. of Mexican silver despatched a day or two back is not included in this account. With regard to the other figures, it appears that, while the bullion has been undergoing reduction, the note circulation has increased to the extent of 595,0001.,-a fact which, although calculated to win the approval of the opponents of the English Bank Charter Act, will add considerablytothe disquiet with which the return will be generally viewed. The advances on Government stocks have likewise been augmented to the extent of 225,000!., but therehas been a decrease of 400,0001. in tnose on shares. The discounts, which in the previous account had been reduced 1,520,000!., exhibit an increase of 1,160,0001. In the deposits there has been an improvement of 590,000!., but the amount to the credit of the Government has fallen off 8 40,000!. The letters from the continent to-day state that the appearance of the exchanges is favourable at almost all points. At lHamburg money has become abundant, and the rate of discount has fallen to 4iper cent. St. Petersburg advices of the 1st inst. mention that an American ship had arrived at Memel, and that hemp and hemp-yarn were beingsent off for her. The weather was still exceedingly mild. The prospectus has been issued of a Brazilian railway, with a capital of 1,200,0001., to bear a guaranteed interest of 7 per cent. The line is from the city and port of Pernambuco, which have a population of 120,000, to the town of Agua Preta, in the interior-a distance of 78 niiles. Of the 7 per cent. guarantee 5 per cent. is from the Imperial Government, while the remaining 2 per cent. is from the province of Pernambuco. The road will pass through the cotton and sugar districts, and the shareholders are ultimately to have the privilege of continuing itito the river San Francisco, at the point where its waters become navigable, through the heart of the country for nearly 1,000 miles. They are likewise to enjoy the right to all minerals wvithin 20 miles on either side, and to be allowed the free importation of their machinery and coaL This enterprise furnishes another illustration of the calls on English capital which are likely to be made under the principle of large guarantees from foreign Governments desirous of improving the condition of their territories. For States in good repute like Brazil the system is available even in war time, and it promises to become indiscriminate whenever peace shall be attained. Aong the reasons given in the present instance in mitigation of the objections against a withdrawal of capital, it is urged that iBrazil is one of the best customers of England; that a free communication with the interior is essential to the colonization plans of the Government, with a view to supplant slave by free labour ; that 240,0001. of the required amount will be subscribed in Brazil; that a large proportion of the remainder will be disbursed in England for plant, rails, locomotives, &c.; and, finally, that the expenditure will be spread over several years. In the colonial produce-markets continued dulness has been observable throughout the week, and the prices of almost all articles show a decline. The tea-market continues very dull, and at the public sales on Wednesday there was little disposition to purchase. Other sales are advertised for Tuesday next, including one of Asana, comprising 2,000 packages. Sugar is without any sign of recovery, the chief portion offered having been bought in, while for the small quantity sold lower quotations were accepted. The only favourable feature is a demand for export purposes. Two cargoes have thus been disposed of-one for the Mediterranean, and one for a near port. The continental stocks are much reduced, and consequently it is hoped purchases may be steadily continued to supply the deficiency. Coffee has also fallen in value ; of the plantation Ceylon kinds a full quantity was offered, and chiefly went at a reduction of- Is. per cwt. The native descriptions are likewise dull, at lower rates. This afternoon a cargo of St. Domingo was reported sold for Antwerp at 15s. 6a. per cwt. Cocoa is ex:tremely flat, and at pubEic sale a parcel of 33abia was parted with at a fall of about 18s. per cwt. from the highest point. This serious decline, however, does not refer, to other descriptions. Rice is very dull, and to effect sales lower prices would have to be accepted. The dividend declared at a meeting of tlle East and West India Dock Company, held this afternoon, Mr. S. Gregson, ALP., presiding, was at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, free from income-tax, and the report and accounts were unanimously adopted. It was stated that the general affairs of the company are in a satisfactory position, and that, although busines.s exhibits a decrease, the dividend can be maintained at its present point, with a balanee available forcontingencies, including new worksand repairs. The exercise of economy will, it is hoped, enable he directors to meet competition; and the active employment of hydraulio machinery is calculated to assist in a diminution of charge, while at the same time it facilitates the despath of business. The trade connected with North America and Anatralia shows the principal decline, and there has also been a falling off in that withthe West Indiei, but that with the East Indies presents an increase. If severo competition should spring up.through the progre-s of the Victoria Dockls, the question of a further reduction in charges may arise; but, it: is thought that it would be premature at present to predicate -any unfavourable result. In retaining the balance shown by the accounts the directors - have *the eualization of dividends. as remarked that, although dock inte- rests generally have safferadl through the increase of£ wharfage accommnodation, the security of the warrants issued bythc leading companiesplaces thes r in in advaitaeoui posifonx which, after rcent disclosures, is lkely to be more than ever appreciated. The following is an abstract of the report " The number of loaded ships from foreign ports which entered these docks during the past year as contrasted with 1854, exclusive of grain vessels wvas as follows:- - ., :Tons. 1W54.. .. .. ips I5 .. .. easring 682 a s s. 1,907 * eos.307 -Decrease.,... .. 2u .79 4 " Grain vessels,- 18Si .. .. .. ships 2,032 .. .. measuinjg 19L86 1855. .. .. ,, 1,552 .... ., ,, 140,295 Decreas . . 48 7,83i " Colliers passing through to the rail ay dock, coses and the like vessels,- coasters, Tons. - 1854..fl. -ihips . 87 .. .. measuriung 195.179 18 5 S .. .... * , YTO .. ., ,, 215470 Incre .. .. 92 20,291 "The totals being * : rTons. 1ail * fl hix 4,ps 4453 .. .. measuring 1,07S175 i3ss5. 54., ,t29 ...,.. 965,3 Decree., .. 629.. .-' .. ... 117.004 "The outstanding charges, however, now due to the comPany ethibit but a small decrease:- They were n 1854 2 .. . ThLey are now. . 139, " Earnings .£ rrimorates.£264,6 1 Extrastes .185.918 17 0 Landreenueandothersoures . .. .. 14506 3 1 Deduct expenditure .. £317,189 8 6 July dividend .. .. ..9 379,159 9 3 Ealanco ..... .. .. .. .. £SO.OD9000112 5 At a meeting of the Commercial flock Company, held to-day, Mr. A. S8im presiding, a dividend of 27. lOs. per cent, for the half-year was declared, and the report, of which the following is an abstract, wa3S received as satisfactoy:-- "The directors have to report that the doclks havoe y ceived a greater amount of tonnage of shipping during the past year than in any former year. The following is the statement of shipsand tonnage-viz. S:hips Tona. .;S .. .. WOod laden .206,039 162 .... Cor laden . 284654 62 .. x.. Viouy laden. lL665 3g.. Light 1{.115 Total 848 260.473 "Against, in18i1- Ship. Tons. 910. .. .. .. 25.263 The importation of wood goods in the year 1855 has been Inter than usual, and the consumption and consequent de. liveries large, so that the stock on rent has been less than dulring the previous year, and the import and stock of grain have been to a smaller exctent than in the year 1854. The new works have been completed in a most satisfactory manner, and the new dock was opned on the 18th of August last, since wihich time many ships of the largest class have been admitted, as will be seen by the increase in the average tonnage of shipping received during the year. The company xs new in a position to carry out an exctended busi. ness. The directrsvrecom,nend that a cdividend of 21. 10s. per cent. for the half-year, subiect to income-tax; be declared upon the capital stock of the company." The return from the Bank of England for the week endinor the 5th of January gives the following results wheni compared with the previous week *- Public deposits ... £S,514,535 ... Decrease £329,397 Other deposits ... 12,607,840 ... Increase 245,328 Rest ... ... ... 3,285,323 ...Increase 49,995 On the other side of the account:- Government securities ... £10,827,515 ... Increase £402,223 Other securities... 19,871,874 ..Th. 1crease 94,014 Notes unemployed 6.. 5,520,375 ... Decrease 443,475 The amotunt of notes in circulation is 18,900,8051., being an increase of 200,1901.; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 10,536,9091., showing a decrease of 283,234., when compared with the preceding return.
TRADE REPORT Frida Eveig SUGAIZ.-There was only one public sale of sugar to-day, of 1,358 bags of grainy M1auritius, the whole of which sold, but on lower terms-Vi., 41s. to 48s. for low to goodyIllow. The inquiryis becomning general, and we look forward to more busines The sales of 'West India for the week amount to only 113 hhds. CoPEX.-370 casks, 250 barrels and bags of plantation Ceylon, at auction, were only partly sold, at 57s od. to Ws. for small to fine fine ordinary bold; 01s. 6d. to 66s. for low middling to middling; and 69s. 6d. to i0s 6d. for fine. For 1,530 bags of native the demand was slack, and only a part sold, at 51s. to 52s for good to fully good ordinary. Rica-There is more disposition to operate, and good bids have been made for rice on arrival, but without resulting in business. Of cargo Bengal 450 tons have, however, been sold afloat, at 12s. 6d. landed, or 12s. to 12s. 1,d. if taken overside. SALTPETRE- 420 bags of Bengal were partly disposed of, at 37s. 6d. for 3 per cent. refraection. PMilZ OI..-213 caskswere nearly all withdrawn at plblic sale, fine at 481. per ton. COCOA?nLuT OL-2 casks of Cochin sold at 46?. per ton. Of 382 casks of Ceylon only a portion sold at 451. for good quality. 22 casks of Sydney sold at 441. 10s. to 44?. 15s. tu a smaal amount of business doing, at a decline on recent prices.
I - - RAIL WAY ND MLN2ING S-HABES. F- day Evening In the railway-market th6.e was increased weakness to-day, and prices did not ratover to the close. The shares of the Ausiralian land ad tharLking comnpanies were steady, with a moderate amount of usiness. Caiada Land were nominally quoted 120 to 125, a.d Crytal Palace 2td 2 M. Mining and miscellaneous shares were generalIy neglected
THE EASTERN COUKTIBS RAILWAY AND THE F E~~OARD oFX2'AJ)E. -- 1 - - TO TE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am instructed by the directors to forward You a copy of my letter which has been addresed to the Board of Trade, together with a copy of the enclosure therein alluded to. I am, Sir. your obedient servant. J. B. UWkN Se?. x,s?em vonnties ltailwa7, Secretary's-office, Bishop6gte-streetshtaon, London, Jan. 11 * "Eastern CountiesIailway, Secretars-oflice, Bishopse gate-station, London, Jan. 10. "$Sr,-The board of directors of the Eastern Countie, ilaliway Companyhave had under their anxious considera, tioi your letter of the 5th inst., enclosing, by order of the Lors of the Committee of the Priy Council fdr Trade, eopr of the report of Colonel Wynne on the state of. certain part5 of the Eastem Counties Railway. "Ilamdesredto stateforthe information of their! rdship that in October last a special oommittee of thi6 board wAs apo°inted to deliberate on th c ondition of the permanent vay and works of the Eastern Counties lines, and to taka such action thereon as, tinder the advice of their engineers )1r. Brnlf aight be thought necessary'. "The board have oalled the attention of their engineer t* the communication received from their Lordships, and the oipanying report from that officer wll sbow generally the eouess whch has been taken by him both before and after te appointment of the special committec, adthe plans proposed for the future, together with--his views ae to thesety of the line between London, Cambridge, and lNorwichx. "Thebol feelthat by the additionalprecautionssug. gested thereiAn, and which they have ordered forthwith to ble adopted, the publiEc safety wll be satisfactorily provided for. Thae boaR are gratified to find that Colonel Wynne agrees with their enginear that weak or decayed timber structures inaybe temporarily made safe by additional strutg and other appliances of new timber. ,"This strengthening of the timber structlres, together with the introductiofi of new sleepers and the general rectificationof every deficiency, has been, and is being, carried' on with unceasing energy and unsparing expenditure by a force of upwards of 1,000 men, foremen, and superintendents, in addition to the ordinuy establishnent. "Theboaid concur fullyinColonel W nne' opinion, thav; to make the larger tinber structures pennanently safe, they must be all carefly stripped and overhauled, which, of course, will require the removal of one of the'lines of rails during the process. " This thorough restoration has been in progress for some months past, and liU be continued with as nuch expedition as is practicable, and, therefore, the board are prepared to meet the exigency of the circumstances to the full extenti indicated by Coloned Wynne. " The board trust that by these precatations, and by t9e slill and toglance of their engineerand hiso staff, all danger ill be averted, and the public confidence be flny restored. " I am, Sir, your obedient servbant, To Captain Glteon, R- , RailwayDepartment, Board of Trde." tho str ctreshic Oe Mth weY most seorti S Coa . " Biswopla ate Station, Jan. 9. Sir,-s have carefuy read and considered-the report of Colonel Wynne upon the condition of the permanent w and ood bridges upon this company's line betneen London, Cambridge, and Norwich, and, howvever applicable his observationsu ould have been some few months sincer I ana constraied to differ in opinion from him to a considerabile extent as to their present condition, or the danger to beg apprehended by the public in travelling thereon, and for the follow ing reasons:- - "L The woodbridgesaerecareftilly examined,-tested,-and classified soon after I became engieer of the comp ny, and those structures which exhibited the most serious decay and veakness were at once placed under reconstruction, and others less urgent ere mnade temporarily secure until time permitted their renewal. "2. A large force of foremen and workman, distributed throughot theline,dhas been actively enged,h der my direction, for many months pn in the reconstruction and reparation of the wood bridges, whose efforts must of necescity resultein the dailydimprovement of their stabiity, and whose duty it isto guarfithe public safety to the utmost; e tn yadaily examintion of every wvooe XeS the 3.a e redaced t e and spe f passengeratrains cndtonr aothan atpeetenn the absencn of theIemqetose andmor particularly te greatly-reduced ipeed at whiclhi ey pds. over Abose wooden strmctnres at present g nder repair or which have not been permanently reTerwed. "4t The greater weight of the goods and minesal trlind thch du i rapid succession both day and ni2ht over the tholelne whichact as continaous tests ofthe stabilitrboth of the permanent way and the wood bridres, and may consequnently be considered as affordig a faim r ntee for the safe nage of the llghter peseenger trainli "a5. Tlhe fact that i n accdert ocred x hen the 1nd worksuof the companey wereinanfar less satisfactorycondition than at present, and in the absence of thosae pBeTrautionar y measures and limits of ipeed which nor exisit "aAbsolute safety in railway traveling, I need hardiy observe, canbe secured bpon nolime, however newdo perfect it amaybeinall itsparts;eandupontheEappnCon tieo t lndonr Camnbridge, anid Norich lnme 1 see no reuaonsale ground to doubt, with a continuance of the present efforts to maintain and improve t ts condition, and of those futher preeautionary measures heren referred to, that the prlic may travelrassafely asupen the generality of ines tnder osdinr circumstances ; andlwonld beg to observe, inreference to this opinion, that I can have no object other than giving you correct information, seeing that it fell to my duty firs; to call the attentionL of the board of directors to the ailapidated condition of youlr way and w.orks almost immnediatelyaftermyappointment; since obich time, wsith thecogni,zance of yourself, coflleges, and shareholder.s,!1 have been. actively employee in eniecung their restor..tIso - " In conclusion, I have to recommend that,lin dleference to the expressed opinion of Colonel Wynne to the Board of Trade, and to aLlly apprehension in the public miind, theL rate of speed of all passenger trains betwveen Iondon, Camabridge, and Norwoich be for a tine stilllfurther reduced; that a safety travelling inspector be appointed to travel upora the engine wvith every pascsenger train betweeni those points,. to enforce strictly the compaLny's regulations;*, and, notwithstanding the unfavourable Period of the yeaLr for extended operations, that a considerable increase should be made to our present means, wvith the viewo of expediting repairs and. facilitatn the progress of reconstruction. *'I remain, Sir, your obedient servant, " PETER BRUPF, Engineen"T
THE COBI TRADE. CTFa1-'-!piC}IO GE, FRmAx,.Jh l. SThe arivals of grain baTe notbeea lrge, wt- oxeeptiomof oat, 'bidc sbhow au increse. For wheat there baa be3a a better lnqiy. and qiotatios are firly seupported Barley ta stea, ho osts do fiddagoodd rket. Otherartleeshowno LIlVERPOOL, TA3T- 7I The af1ts faomIreland and cozst.ise sinoeTuesday bamebeem liberl of octsnd o tmeal, but otherwise trklg. From freeg6g porbs vre bare receved only 4;5 quarters wheat, 650 qnzrtberasc, 32S quarters Inint cn, 300scls aand 193 bals of iour. Dle-exporet in the msme time comprise 472 quLrter. of whoat, 230 qnarte off beans, 4,643 quarters of Indian corn, ad 1.163 ean. ofr dour. There has been a further decided improL%ment in our trade as. regarda wheat and fdour, but Indian cor contiluesdul and depressed Tes wvs,hterbas undergone a complete chaav, andwe bavenow. haul frost aDd a koen north-cast wind. At this day's market there asa the ulsual atten.aoce. ot the towvr and ounh7 tade, and a good cousmanotiveand apriaiv eraant was wphered sor bheat ad loeand atfon advawoe of w'a pra t0tbh and6d. per bel antd ack. Onte thdtatmeal bweroea-fniremerto1e. andatratherbetterrieces. Blarley nad npa-der'altcrcdf wbralte. bIt beans recovered d.L per quarte ol thse lte dvclies. Indian cora wa not re inquired for. andi 41s. p era ,sarter waf boffereg fowsprim zmix, xaship; however. there rano llrruele az42s. WA EFV I JAN. U. ,Ir wnether basing boecome fue and fros aew ieost wata andwcbae kexperienced a Kteaj conrumPEe. dead ioe wheat 51 hadvane from the low sales otthat day ic G~bat i e. Bateyus be noted Is.perquarter desse. Beans. g, a n sIia slow aalo~, and rather cheaper. tper quarter of 3 bbek60ib I & x IL M= uffolk, and.ent, whte .. 86 to, 9B0 84 to 83 lted so . . 7 - 8- RedS io x naa : . 5. 3 - 3 - -4 r. lerqlerof8bX lb - oe - Yor9nhite and Llneeushre, 86t. per b1ushel .. - --... _4@
'Tothei4VAOi.ibistsoio the cItTsTAL PA.Lswm co3IpAI.N i.aLSh5a.d Geuttlemen. jliiid my name bas bly mist*ik been inserlted ini the lis, oi candictates for tOe Diectershm1 o! yrour Co=n I beg- to inornzuthat j witde in favour ot at. bftrby ymour, DExa., SLU. An votes roen ries wial therefore be thrown away. t ar h oo,'t remain. sadwes nud Gentlemen, Nor os%oeLt 505¶5555t. nT-R V*taTrieorLtTA-N 1OllAl. IlATN ihllt1ENT ACT.-To the MESC. tanks for the honour youi have con- P fereonpe meIn L-oron e yur todeiOineer or Health. I 555HaveOl thae hnothing soalbemicit your myoates forwtrd Eth ediecta for whl,htam Bopend han beendiappited s elast.a ~The unreoirs tis odoewb wshe to mayecme in conditet mosth xetO cu-tionto tm aAo bhduttedtisofDr.tr Tot- n har.edg oth hxnerHa be, Gentlemens,,o %an r h2T'Qtel retuned urobeIdia,. humbl ased0 yearsan vriu &PUdto the PcqitOtionEofRi ofnto eaitIA StoCqK. fmet I advieith hoU-nour &.to uosolic it ngour uotes for theastI .Will cocfcrn xwhi ard ope trs tall cea h ntrMondidatno. Thoeo h Proprietors wil, rrssubr wish to rbtud&tecnidtsm MAwGDsAnLE.ipNssl qOaPITAY,10hJauryn85. high "atid imprtant &ivil ltiat the lUAbouRLo Ylf haGtEN- been Sppl't,toelthe scaoit,tion2of informationlcacuatbedto qalify nestof tSdais i Irulsnotesffais a&in o oicln or oe..feita amno GOeekiO lMb fhor whcalam unprepaedg. h lbrlr rilch bsfeo mee . aeodi tous thatr neirer thpeas Inteet ofe Indi no thoseralimrvdti odin of thes Popitml,iregreteto state tha it atsae silugn.Tehg PriceTIofALrovisions,h TH.,fro tl.usual. andthTIy thIrfor Aill e po beli Ionubtesd the uppIyth etwl ntedof thersv smubsriptiond moft thefuCithulariy.Cm te Partes Gwhros deeethir namest tosp iStt this list wifllcaven,O the od laes tol.c comsmuiate with b the. glonrerytietais ete t , IsmE tStret or ast 14, Cobl. HSIA4BodSm ainoti,adcses ofeb aciden, nl rc thtteQamreRLive atEatimes CTheT of =ihe (Ofo of5 thisde Hoptal wcllt be h1,4i5n ond Tne exy LeOwes the 1tinstnt a 12ieml incrck pbcIey,e the usualo buroness o tfhe da and uoncpc othr wantofsfairs.analicoe 3E o"tm oadgusrs.teOfeMlelhakf-U lecivdbey rtemsos careh h7s bleen actrdedto thei fanner. apperle, and which1 hall sol cut wanytshae still uren. Thedl highprie ofd Pr.vIsiHons, do., from hant Tresual,ran thery thereforetaryA ato the Weublicse to spplithe OPPcgte WmminserAbROB. . ITIJ. L OEMN, See. POYAM INSTEEI HOSPITAL,Groayd inrand- .5115 OpOste Wes-Thser AbeQ h l)oftebn-e gngom,estblised nd oupnored boInuaycotiutos atilent r, ad ras faccittdent aei rowne-areprcetivnloed atatres wihC etro eommendation.i eqh( The'n thpePastr moft 1th4 creedond numbreeipts byd £25 andethe 6xtenss Carit nowh cosidet rbl inor patsedby the thigh priersofa proisins Cthrewison origacmoaio o 1 aiet,aeufr Hor. 7 c-c-tret; 2esr. ano. ..uere and 2ol.ral-al JitTasrIN;tor by the Secretapry,ah tise optl ROYAL ThEE HOSPaudiit D, Gra'sin-rad Thein beenoo admie pdmTittdonuhsl naplytonaoe.. e Tho mmenatinteareinuis ad.toebe h o tiLetsgea lIig h patrmonThe thes fobleowin numbeas o RcIvedThebnels PhsCirit,estder ntTh igrin oor athens LORD theiYR roaiapi aiObjcsnh:- efo ettto tesntr- mrLadrWu Repobrt .6 er nwicne,ther remaindesuepr still nwere treatmentd aitueI een po admted previously.e bt. n Ivto The Comrm'ittee entreaty soidi mdao ,itc to enable them t otneti ra toreasuere tahndresntcat -Jow gMpplcrat, food. i.hfhos-ae Patrbtron- the Most NobCeiredb Marqus. ofyn BRISTOL. o. Phk e azbad9reet-Th CihtHes. thedck LRDq MAYO.Srene OIn empl-Te relieft t of destitution, the aanitareet morraingdonreligou Bepo -enTe-fSarn lastwnsLTerhe1 destcituoftehe Ronyaer reldieved andos tterended ofa therstietadSrptruntutionth,hFUT andSTIVALis hoeeles oormad ue O th fee ath ad laorsWednsa. h The fiostisttef Sewarestl solci bmeianntmee assitance tohnbe themia ando rlether hourndres ta o upctod Cotiuinstykul ordeceioedtby Couesss ln.Mls ad by . E 1'ck arER, ETWLLA1.AsituSecretary. R OYL MEICALBENEOLET COLLEGE. -AnnveraryFesivaLTheCoucilof he R.-oyalcedisa andtheFeenlsofth Intittin tat heoUuTHmth LESitA of apponteito akeplaeatte Feemaons Taern on Wenesday, the GePNtlmndSiru offaccepting the gh of Stewardpoudoblige -NoTweaCorporthironae othLierpo Treasrerygv, Jon Poperth they. Ne Crrenish-Trcelet ThLGAb-Sot MONEYcltfor letdohCsstaf'~I dine zicee cio rTt2.rr~Ineetpybl b- The limd list ofY Stwnd will Jear.noheenahrityisI the miedical Vanother AIouTt mals. h rn ae,an hre frtesp Byo dorder ramg oanfadthe Concil,rP'p,N dfo, tl'e ntre' . udheRlndB enTementsAISereditaens,-ntdereate of Ofc,3,o-aur t. ~~l .iPanl. APIEaS. o emd t ae 'YAP DEO A BENER OLENTB COLETGE. -Elctiond of Peson era and whootroalnd SColr..No A, i aneh gilen tosCePPLesin townfor cESountry.S I rFt rATIGNATHOLROYAL,phcd aeo rbfr thTYLAE-e1sseof Jebrary nexT. Sn application Manather nsing Elction InMay can_ be enelrtaIage npcmRDbrt.Ox3.Teo.fiepn=f, fil 6o'coc, u(lr heNspftrdec ofNOCr. EdwrdS. Hron- c Thererd Corporsatio of Livearpoo herebys give,dtrica tha threy or wcllin two reeiesO If U (OAN 00T MOea. feor exra); , trs Oud teven yLea gtuinsa oPrOs-nium a5nd stag bnteest C pay; ab n ter ,o Jaur a nds. pit, Jl niOI ir The secrityristhe Livrpoo Watder Acoson tdm, eedof th.e rets rates Gand charg or the sep. '%VenwterwitY hil&nthand schoof adiverooead torhe nepighbohood forb 'bemet trgaslg m,Vanu fcturin ayund othr. purpoes, Nandforshi. WMng TexI-i i Bouh Sukot bein tradduTio ncluoreowithr shert forn comic thrist:masdt lands,. IDL tenmets,hEiit or,ts anesateo TwCler,XinK.1, Towen-hall. the Seven fromeste of hm. fuTher paenrtiuasmaybe oblanod. c.To a1qun,tw ouu,.s Ily t'sPie' w orC,~3f TlEWOETH.an TowenCler.To To rihal ipalt decemer. 1055.ioin wigt TI'HEATR'E ROYAL, CDR ERT-LA ED-LSSO inmerowe H. . mth-Gratetin 7Sanaer. ir. theaitr-see p,atls-- tilS D-ck -undert the superiTenene fr EdwardG Chattrdyon.- T2he redce pries at thlftheatre arme noet follow oPkivaosbores, toe Cseld two d erons the. Nol Tihe foreachprsonextrat: on preoee brand tier,teLse gantatun:L prsnum and staxe bores,e Noth Is.;c ialnes, O_l anud Is; i, Instra-t,ione boxes,e Sis.t ppd.; irToie w isth: dres Fircle ns-Mrinu, h mboricmane ofv the Grandoie Pantomhme bevery rgdn Peparaytciorn. and o tsehoetio admwtte h for lsaif-pe an Hese cmVEIN Iitcrda--Jan 123 H RA GNTIl,I whiDch h Origina Ofato theALyIAcem or. Charles uathews wIlluehiut hisdhanlsy-parilOy Ytrclhe. Oto ocludeen wit th-en gfthd lequin'o ine Nonarense and tehearsevenhApgsaof Man. The dramery paintued by the Willatre Rovele, Twso; HandlEdinbug, tof-Rob Rtines YT¶HEATRE- ROYAL, HAYMARKET1-THIS CrowVedJ.G thoe su-Geatulyevtirees inoted HisTory ofE1AUX TRATme.-EX arlyel 0 tatheted to theI prENINt Iteday. Janx., Isacntstf of IArICandr MrYSTEov, by-ofso AlmDElB3SOy. .rthe Afverturecb th, ntaiszs rale thlVasordug of thiery North~B.leCoelsisantd EToned an IlStStsOn'R oFtheSp irit-sppig. oe concludqeswthoth inand, 1 ctOsas,in hitorical, anTh.ivtlre prantmime,afe whichha theeo longmine pearaion triand na the pridhction ofwhichofeOlaly an expens aas beeinorred at ofdsr asEe onLLThALIANCy orz, byrlequinGod Ilumrs:andeTltdoof e Coth ofGelIn-eif ah Legnd ofithe ls!otigoftoestoarcss.In ehersa, te gandopeal-ati drm, asm THATRE- ROYAL, ADAPYMARMMeTs -HiS 1G..Wigt VAthe sRGecTfll PReIVAEd comedyofTHE GIEU IiT ItAT.AGEMg. A and adapted coltion the purlesqen aay. coisirn - aIr. Ecasede JArCKer -D THoE:PM STmALC or. W arsoqun Bond iche. te. G.o-emat Suxlen Mgr. Jchipaetdae H=qif.Slln, IIidus Ceeynolds:otorG*da. alnd Columbierogh Ulserry. bmis. Copeland. Wfe Desc. thebsatrermwi atpTpear TERtS AL rIlEAGTRHOIE RB FAST SrADBEk 'se atWtELrLust of nitl find;itheg tManagmnd country, intends. Tose apat te hol o hant wOe 2ldas . a TJuenil t. an ednessbayhe 1 batme Br-ilcnclude coon after 10r. cPhiencpngaTo wnithTe Literasr;atrwihtt antoMieantemnig at ii with the farcee of n- lyi a H alf-UI QTRALD TRITRE-STEngaRementof Twhuredat .EA nxt.Ja. 1. her wllbe IOr.IN, PRFRM NCEo the PA'IOMtE~ tocommece ati uclck dores t eopna ballpast1. A d o thefameeveu-gaSecod Juenie. Nioght. Fl REAT NATIONAL STANDARD THEEATRE, %XShoreditclr.-Proprietor. Mfr. John Doug!ase,-Parties, from the, country mrust not return isithontipaytnsg a visit to the G.reat Na,tjonal wlhere- the best PANTO3MIME of the.Ssmson is Nightly Acted.- The MOst WondcrfalPantomunists in the WVOrid..-I'genty.qve Maggnldeent Sconcz.-Coetly Dreseoco-Splendid mechanical Changes. ('II Y o LO DONTHEATRE.-Unapproachs,ible lIl-cfMs Neso Le'sown PANTOMIME, the ickrtowiedged onefthyca, utierfrmddmst EACHL EVENIING; courloding mH- ONLY EQUESTRIAN PANTOMEIIME in 4. Lodon fis at ASTI,ETS ROYAL ASIPHITHEATRE.L Two Meee Crand Hdruing Performances :-THIS JDAY, Jan. 12: rand on -Satnaday, Jan.10. (in ci-ch occasion will bejsirfornied the new grnud' poataliLmv of HARLEQUIN ST. GEORtGE, AND THE DRAGON: or, The Sevenm (shamOlions of Christendifrm. Followed by a Clwascal SWerie of SCenes in thiClrdCl. la WhCh Mi%S Kate CDokeseWM arpper on tier mil.kwshita chnrge-, SnoWdrop. DoorS openat half-past 1; em.. nileneat' o2'clock. 'IjT Ldo RIVOLI, 202, ruie de Rivoli, near the UJGheI of theTuHrer(c,ln?uais. Aver3fasbihbena))stcm Portable hbttae for the nobility and gentry.nacm 'NTELSON's PORTLAND HOTEL, Great Portland- Ltet-3Drauring room and bed rears en suite, Is, ; bed rooni,,~ Is.Gd. is 3cL 55. br~akfsst&I.& EE 2L. ;s I lain danoer IS, Ed. WAg24*0ft. 1 er da;ot n her, ,e os.?etluas TIIEA!RE ROYL DRURY-LAE. Leee, Mr. E. T. miUth. THIS ETENG THE GREAT GUN T TIC - Charcters by'M~a C. )iathw . Bogers, Tiboy Templtn To concludo wtHY DIDDLE D1DDLE; or. H K Noniene and the 8Se-m Ales of Man TATRE: ROYAL, COYEh GAjtDEy. Lesree Mrmz3rH. Anerson THIS EVENISG, MAGIC and MYSTERY: by ProfeeserAnaerson, e Grat W of the h. To conclude with YE BElLE AiUANCE; o. Harequin Good Humour ad ye Fidde of ye Clothe of Golds. THEATRSE ROYA4, TAYHARKET. rnder the Manaeent of Mr BuChwlone. THil8 EVENING, iE BEAtd ! STRSTOASEM. BFbeu andRouis de, Hoe. CMprndaCea Roes, E. VcivAeewin HA, .Sranboroogh Bela Copant]. Mr. Povnoterkc. To coocludo7it.hTHE BUTJrEIFLY'S BALL AhD TE Ga*SS- BHOITERS FEAST; -or, Hsequin anrtirth Geisw ctSriog. ROYAA, PRINCESS THEATRE. Under the . nWebent of Mr. Maudae Ceaeen. THIS EVEG will be prnsentedTHE COMESICAN BROHY. JohniG and Locis de FrxChi Mlr. . Sean. T cnlde wih Hi EAQUIN AND THE MID AND THIE MAGPIE; or, The EAry ParadLK; and. Hank Pinky the EtheGantea. THEATR ROLYMPIC THATRE LrpitrM esbster. Dlfredtcs aaeClse TEIS EVEN-2IKG T0 7res J ented DO G.C ECOVinOY John G Mr. o. Emery. ItoLer - 5hadie, M KteKelly;M Comrmencrye at A ynd Alter i7. EXY PRIVATE A U o concdude tth MACe mND TB E BE RTALK; orC hateqr y and Mother GooP at Hoe Aaion. ROYA OLYMPIC THEATRER lsessee. Mrr. Aehrd Wrgan. THIS EVENING 'HBE JEALeOU WIFES3Ir. G. Tioing and wrh StiPRing. THFP DISCREET ElrCES on The Three oms Distaffs. M1esrs F. Robeon, Emery. Cli tnwnrite, Danevrs, E. Cooper; 31iaes Iulra St Gzeooe Teran Ketn, Makell, and 8tephe O=unenoeat & lrsat 7. TEATRE ROYAL, SADLERSEEATS. L- nder the dManagement of Wr. Pheos. THIS EVENING will be presented A ROIDSWOD NTIGHTS DRE toIY Character bv teSces.i Phelps, Ef Maston, Ludti F. Robisson, Peltordi, ay, Barrett, and L. Bail; Misses Atkinaonl, Ebmire, I. Mrton, E. Taesres, R., Edonn and C. Pares To conclude with HAbREQUIN AEIR PUS ThE BOOT. ROYA SURRE,Y THfEATRE. Lessee,', es rsu Shepherd and Caettsici thS EVEoING a henthd PARIS Ip 17s To conclcde fhfAiPRidO. O PES; or, aHriequeir and Jane 8hore. APT-EYf S ROYA6 AMP4lTReATRE e Lest ee and 31anigers a. w. Cooke. ThoS EVEtXG wnill be presented ROO=,- OOD or, TruP's Ride to Yorti Ater wb , the cenes in the Ayms To conccade with HAREQUIN AND 8T. GEORGE AN THE! DRAGOX. TO COBRESPONiDENTS. Our readers are requested to obderve that the price of Thre Times is reduced to 4d,, and that 5jd. is the pnice of a copy with the impressed Mtamp bsyed. Under the amended regalations of the Post office (ton . bu) a rne Tiees is trgoodifaile by post to British colonies and foreign countries without an isspressed stamp. No notice can be taken of anonymons communnications Whatever is int'ended for insertion must be authenticated by the namne and address of the rter;* not neceseaxily for publication, but as a guarantee of Iris good faiths, We cannot undertae to return rejected communications gTR The publication of TE TnEs cormmenced at 5 o'clock yesterday morning, and fisbed at 9.
LONDON, SATURDAY, JANUARY12, 1856. I Why is the sleep of the Administrative Reform Association disquieted? What has called them up from the land of dreams and forgetfulness ? We had set them down as holding a very respectable position among the things that were, and, behold, they jump into life and make the reader start. We cannot find any faultwith this movement, exceptthat it has not commanded the popular support to which it not unreasonably claims to be entitled. It is unquestionably the right, and even the duty, of the citizens of England to look after the public money, and to take care the public offices are filled by men of character and ability. It has only one drawback. Nothing, asTAxxx,N-D says, sutceeds like success; and thne Administrative Reform Association has not obtained success. It claims to act on behalf of the people of England; but the people of England, as far as we can see, are not disposed to accept its agency. " If," says MIr. CORDEROY, the chief speaker, " we can attain by a "concentration of energy social, moral, econorni"cal, educational, and sanitm$ reforms, we shall "'trrtve at our end," Nothing can be more true; but did it never occur to Mr. CORwDmoy how little prbabMlty tliere was that such a concentration of energy can effect such,~n object? "If," says the fly, " by concentrating my energies I can break I "through this web in which I am meshed, I I "shall escape being devoured by yonder bloated "and greedy spider." Nothing can be more just than the observation of the fly, but the spider will devour it nevertheless. The Administrative Reform Association says it was not erected to support any martyr. It will do wisely to consider whether it does not run some chance or becoming the martyr itself. Its efforts are directed to the sweeping away of impediments to free and open competition. No doubt, it sweeps as well as it can, but the impediments remain, while the broom is worn out. These are facts, from whatever cause they arise, and the Administrative Reform Association will do wisely not to overlook them. Glievances may be very great and very pernicious, and yet may require something more than goodwill for their extirpation. Sir C. IYAra& and Ar. A_SI,Y PEaTrr are, no doubt, potent champions, but more than they can do Wil be required to remedy the least of the abuses of which Messrs. CoRDEBoy and rIOrLEs complain. W"e would not be ungrateful to the Administrative Reform Association. Launched by practical men of business, and having an honest and good cause to support, it, no doubt, (id ,good service at its first meeting by embodying to some extent popular feeling, and bringing forcibly before the attention of Government the danger of again rousing public indignation by mismanagenient. IHow much more it might have done had its administration of its own affairs partaken a little of that administrative excellence which it so forcibly inculcates upon others we do not know ; certain it isthatitsfailure is to be attributed to causes most of which were very obviously within its own control. The association started without securing for itself that amount of political weight and influence which every person versed at all in the habits and feelings of the English people ought to have known to be an indispensable condition to the success of such a movenment. It is easy to rail against members of Parliament, and say that they are so wedded to faction and interest that it is impossible to enlist them in favour of the pure and elevated objects which this Association had in view; 'Dut these men are, after all, the chosen representatives 6f the very classes to which the Association appeals, extremely sensitive to any influence exerted over them by their constituents, and ready on every occasion to carry out what they understand to be the real demands of public opinion. The fact, then, that influential members of Parliament held aloof from it might have warned the Association that the success it sought, and in a great measure deserved, was not desired by the people. The people, as Mr MoaR truly says, are themselves to blame, but it is impossible to save them against their will. How, many intelligent gentlemen there are besides the leaders of the Administrative Reform' Association ready to save or serve the monarchy in Church or State, and whose eforfs I are only defeated by the unaccountable unwillingness of the monarchy to be served or saved by them! Next to the watt of influential support, the Asociation seems to us to have erred most in the selection of its objects. Its orators complain with justice when they say that those objects were too pure and too unselfish for general acceptance. Butwhat is this, except to say that this proposed popular movement was founded on s misapprehenuion of the popular -sentiment tnd4 while in.- tending to treat men as they are, imputied to7 them a sUlimity Of character which it is now admitted lhey do not possess? Such errors are fatal in all agitations. The cause must not only be noble and true, but coincide with popular prejudices and antipathies. If it do not it may form an admirable subject for disquisition in. political circles, or for controversy in reviews and pamnphlets, but is unfit for the trade of the agitator. Falsehood succeeded in the hands of O'Co-NELL,-truth has broken down in those of the Administrative Reform Aissociation. The Teason is obv.ous. Falsehood was supported by eloquence and popular sympathy,-Truth was left to rely on her own merits. Another less creditable cause of failure, for it neither arose from the nature of the subject nor from the absence of support, is the signal want of literary ability displayed in- the pamphlets circulated in behalf of administrative reform. Whether it were that jobbing found itsway into the bosom of this immaculate society, and influenced the choice of writers, who certainly do not seem to have been chosen on principles of public competition, we do not know; but certainly nothing was ever put forth less argumentative or persuasive than these pamphlets, in which the~ interest of the best of themes was so crueILy sacrificed to the worst of writers. If the public mind of England was to be aroused to the necessity of reform; it should have been by means of brains rather than of scissors. Nevertheless, let not the Administrative Reform Assoiation despond. They, also, have contributed something towards the march of events. They have given Ministers a short, but very severe fright. They have made Mr. Tnn member for the city of Bath. Is there nothing in all this to satisfy a virtuous ambition ? They have, besides, assisted inthe creationof aBoard for the examination of candidates for the civil service, which is destined, if we mistalke not, in no slight degree to usurp their functions. 'When they read the forthcoming report as to the incompetency of the persons examined, and the strange difficulties in whieh Govermnent has been placed by exacting even the minitnum of qualification from its servants, the Association will see that the work has been done by this commission nearly as well as the Associafton could have done it itself. For the Association but one duty is left-a duty most difficult both to actors and philosophers. R nas outlived the power of influencing public opinion, and can only come forward now to whine over the influence which it hoped for, but does not possess. From such a body complaints are unavailing; all that is left to it is to die with dignity.
" What is a pound?" said Sir ROSIERT PEEL to the House of Commons, and the astutest members of that august assembly were puzzled to find a suitable reply. No men were more taken aback than the old currency doctors-the illumninati of circle-squaring, the adepts in the most difficult of all sciences, that of expanding or condensing nothing into smething. A pound was a bit of glittering metal; it represented so much human labour, so much human enjoyment, so much butcher's meat, so much sparkling wine, so much gout, so much blue-pilL ' People were sorely puzzled at the difficulty of finding a suitable reply to so simple a demand, and much surprised that they had never thought before of putting a question to themselves 'which seemed to lie at the very threshold of the discussion. Let us be permitted, in turn, to put our question, and if it be entertained by our countrymen with half the zest and attention bestowed upon the enigma of the currency sphynx we shall not have written in vain. "W hat is a "child " is the puzzle we would have our friends unriddle in these Christmas times. There it lies, if a gentoel baby, in its first, warn, rosy sleep, surrounded by a court of nurses and doctors;if a nasty, poor baby, then on ita mother's rags, dependent npon thw .ympVthie o at khiuly char- woman, not feed for her attendance. There as it lies, sleeping or squalling, taking its first sucL- at its little fingers, or staring with gray, unwinking eyes, right into the realities of this troublesome world, we say again "What is a child ?" What is this little human fourpenny-bit? The chymist wiU tell you, a collection of gases, and so forth. Mr. 31InLTus would describe it as an addition to the already too redundant population. The mother could find no answer, but would surely feel one. The conveyancer would watch the shadow of the law as it passed over the cradle of the little squaller, and describe it as a remainderman or an heir-at-law. The soldier would look upon it as an embryo recruit, the College don as a future A.B., and so each in turn, according to the twist given to his perceptions by his own pursuits. We do not pretend to answer our own question, but one thing at least is certain,-that such as that little creature before us, in whom the flame of life burns so faintly that a breath woulld be enough to extinguish it altogether, were all the great worthies who have made the name of England famous among the nations-all the men who have done such brave deeds and thought such high thou,ghts-all the Englishwvomen who have ,borne and trained their offspring to true nobility of purpose, and shed so mnch happiness upon so many English homes. Take care, for that little creat ure in its cradle may yet lead the fleets or armies of England to victory, or make some great discovery in science or mechanics which may affect the destinies of the whole human race. See that it be trained and schooled to its work, lest the energy now lying dornlant within it, but which will one day blaze forth vehemently enough,, be directed upon a wrong bias. Above all things, think that the strength of England lies in her brain and her arm, and that these are made up of the brains and arms of those who once were as the little atom lying before us in that helpless state. A child is not a tning to be despised, or to be put upon the level of a puppy or a kitten. Could we but once'force it upon the conviction of Englishmen that the national wealth of England consists as much of her children as of her coals, all other arguments for educating them might be neglected altogether. We must not look for impossibilities from education. There must always be hewers of wood and drawers of water under any practical system of human government. But it is no argument against education to saythat education will not do everything. Compare a number of Englishmen who are educated imperfectly enough with ana equal number of Ojibbeways or Esquimaux not educated at al, and judge by results. Let us take the children who are running wild about our streets, and, if we cannot exactly do for them what Eton and Harrow, Trinity and Christ Church, can effect for their pupils, at least we may give them a knowledge of the mechanical means for acquiring and disseminating knowledge-that is, of reading and Writing. Ef we -cannot pretend to give them a perfect insight into science and literature, at least we may do enough to awaken their curiosity, to stimulate their ambition, and to, show them that life can be made to yield something better hllan an:indulgence in sensual pleasure. -To-day, then, we are not speaking of education among tho higher, nor middle classes, nor even among the comparatively poor, who are prevented by sectarian differences from sending their children to a school for common instruction. We are now down among the :pariaha altogether-among, the little ragged creatures who esteem it a good day's work when-they have held two or three horses or sold half.-dozen playbills-little forlorn creatures whose parents have not the means of giving thext the pretence or shdow of education. There are plenty of them in ondon'and our laagee-twnsfa more than any person would think whose lot it is to take bites out of the peach's sunny side, until even the sunny side palls upon the -palate. In certain localities which we could name in London the miiiature paupers swarm like flies on a -bath bun in July. Are they to be left to their fate ? Must not even an effort to save them be madea' Stronger efforts haye been made than many people are aware of ;- but the impression produced upon the man of ignorance and -misery ha been small enough If something has been done, far more remains to do, despite of parociial'sch6ols, and national -schoo ' and' benevolent schools. The most extr'eme'effort which has beeri'mnle toholda flickering taper where&the'darlmess is the thickest was the Ragged SchooL We are, of o-course, not speaking of these establishments as-of recent date, but 'Just 'no 'there is' an'atteinpf to'breath fresh vitality into them, and therefore we invite the attention of our readers to the point. --Lord Jom RUss=. has just been employed, usfuly$' eriough, in presiding at a tneeting held at Glocester in support of the Industrial Ragged Schools of that city. Lord JoH~, in the course of his addiress to the assembly, said nothing very new, for there is not anything very new to be said upon the subject; but he did enforce u&ion his hearers, with great feeling and earnestness, the duty of giving their assistace to so honourable a work. " Amen" say we, with all our hearts. The retired statesman could scarcely occupy his leisure to better purpose. We like this address the better that he did not speak in too exaggerated terms of the institutions which he was then recomyending to the favourable consideration of his audience. If the children couId be kept there long enough they would be taught that which would enable them to earn better wages-they would be taught to a certain degree, and as far as the lesson can be conveyed by instruction, not by suffering, prudence and foresight. Lord JOHW- spoke to his hearers, not of any plan for the regeneration of mankind, but of plain, practical, patient daily work. This is all very good, and we sympathize most entirely with the speaker when he adds that it is a shame upon all of us who have the means of mnitigating the evil that,-- " In the midst of this age of civilization, and in a community which boasts of what it has attained, and which is proud, and justly proud, of what the labour, and ihe skill, and the ingenuity, and the science of man has done-we find, in the ,nidst of that community, in London, close by the dwellings of the noblest and the highest of the land-in the cities where our great manufactures flourish, and in the towns supplied with every convenience of life-that there are persons in the lowest class of society knowing nothing with regard to the commonest of these arts; in a country which trades with all the countries of the world, knowing nothing of geography; in a country boasting of its history and its constitution, knowing nothing of that history or that constitution; but, more than all, in a country where the light of the Gospel is spread around, knowing noting of the truths of religion, and to whom the name of God and of Christ is almost entirely unknown." The England of 1855 is not the England of 1555, nor even of these later times, when M\r. MAILHUS discovered that there was danger of a redundancy of brain and right arm. We want as many children as English parents can give us, and they will be all too few to do the work that is set before them for many a long year. England is not this little island, but wherever the steamship or steam carriage can ran, so that the region has not been preoccupied by another race. The children, however, must be educated to their work, else they will be obstacles-not helps. England wvants not gaol birds, but men.
Those who derive their ideas of the British sailor from novels will be shocked to learn that he, too, is flesh and blood, that he too can hare a grievance, and that he can agitate for its redress. 1ife is not -with him an eternal round of grog and quid for meat and drink, of long yarns for amusement, and hitching up of trousers for work. His portrait is not alvays to be drawn grinning from ear to ear, humorously expressing his opinion of the salt beef set before him by making a snuffbox out of it, loving grog much, women more, but the winds and the waves most of all. When they have a good cause, those who plough the seas can grumble quite as lustily as our friends who plough the land; and it vrill be seen from the petition published in our columns yesterday that they have a decided objection to drowning, and would rather not be compelled to risk their lives in vessels that are either unseawortly or ill-manned. With characteristic straightforwardness the nauticals address their petition, not to HER lsAjEsTVs MIinisters, but to the QUxzx herself, and state the case, criticize her advisers, explain wvhlat they want, and sing out the prayer of our National Anthem, all with a heartiness and a brevity which make their petition more worthy to be read than such documents usually are-worthy also, notwithstandingthe obvious indiscretion of some of the statements, to be to a certain extent imitated. Their memorial has reference to the insecurity of life at sea, and the fact that the law, as hitherto understoed, compels them to fulfil their engagements at the imminent risk of their lives. A considerable number of merchant seamen are summarily imprisoned as deserters, from one monith to three, for refusing to go on board ship after having signed articles of agreement, their reason being that the vessels are not seaworthy, or that they have an insufficient crew., It is admitted'in the prison'report, which we published along, withe petition, that the former of these objections is in many cases well founded, and especially now that the great and sudden increase of trade has brought many more ships into usw than are equal to the service; and yet, on the peril of irmprisonment for twelve weeks with hard labour, the sailors who have once signed the articles of agreement are compelled to risk their lives in ships which they know to be not fit for sea. In the latter end of Aplil, for example, the brig Ilachel, in the Tyne, had her cargo on board and was ready for sailing. She was leaky, and the crew thought her utterly unfit for sea; they protested against her sailing, but under the threat of imprisonment con-' sented to embark. Four days afterwards the brig foundered at sea from leakage; the crew escaped with difficulty, but lost al their clothes and bedding, and could obtain no compensation for the losses they sustained. Even if the ship is a good one, an equal risk is run if it be feebly'manned, and it appears that, owing to the numlbr of persons anxious to work a passage to the different colonies, the crews of most'traders contain a greater proportion than usual of the inexperienced, which thus not only throws double work on the A.B.'s, but in times of danger leaves the vessel very much to the wild mercies of the ele3ments. It is natural that, with all their hardihood, sailors should wince under such 'treatment, and decline to fulfil their agreementa under such conditions. It no doubt happens that the seamen have often an ulterior object in declaring the vessel to be unseaworthy-the hope' of better wages elsewhere; but there are too many bon4 fi& cases of alarm in which seamien have been willing to part with considerable property,-there are too many wrecls, topermit a doubt that the comaplaint is imaginary, and that the sailors have a right to bring it before MEm A EsT as afas that they hitherto have been " compelled to sail in an un"aworthy vemeel, aad have had no redre at '' commonilaw-for -any i\jwury they may in con$" sequence sustain." - -- -- -' The opinion of the legal adviers of the -itbowx 'With regard to this case is, we think, strictly in accordance withciommon'sense. The Q s Anvocs and the ATrox.six an'd Soacrroy-GmaxiuL are Of opinion that when a seaman 'is- engaged there is an implied condition on the part of the. Shipowner that the ship shaa be seaworthy; that,: if she is not so, the seaman refiising to go to sea cannot be treatedc as a deserter, and that he may1 naintain an action to recover his effects, if these are detained. They'are' also of opinion that there is an implied condition on the part of thre owner that the ship Shal be sufficiently manned, anid, if she is not so manned. the seaman may exercise the same rights as :if she were unseaworthy. But, on the other hand,. if he puts to sea' in a bad ship, he can have no remedy against the owner, for subsequent damaage, amd upon himself lies the burden of proof that the vessel is unsafe. This, we have said, is common sense, and every onewill be glad to see the principle established that the court of law which tries the seaman for desertion is bound to consider the evidence laid before.it as to the seawortihine, of the vessel. But then here also comes the praotical difficulty,-the sailors setting - themselves up as judges, and reserving to themselves the power of deserting whenever higher wages may tempt them to declare the ship unseaworthy. In defending tneir cause, it will not be suipposed that we accept all the statements of their petition, or wish to give them' an advantage over their employers. Their complaints about the competition with foreigners are sumply absurd. Never has the shipping interest been more prosperous than it is now, never more ready to give employment to British seamen, and the most effectual means of checling this prosperity would be to tie down shipowners with restrictions which would put them at the mercy of the sailors, who, by constant " strikes," have done much more than any competition to cripple the shipowners and to destroy the nationality of the crews, compelling what they so much complain of-" an unlimited " employment of enfeebled Lascars and foreigners " under the'British flag."
THE EAST. (BY SUVB-VAxM .AND BRIMSHr TEOAr.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Vienna correspondent, dated Thursday evening:- " COlNSTA?:IThOPLE, JAx. 4. "According to advices from Teheran the British Minister has demnanded his passports, on account of a personal misunderstanding with the Court."
THE BRAZILS. SOUTHL&MPTON, J-ic. 11. By the Royal M1ail stemshi Tay, Captain Revett, with the Brazilian and River Plate mails in charge of Lieutenant Darby, R.N., we have dates from Buenos Ayres to the 2d of December*; Montevideo, 5th ; Rio deJaneiro, 15th; Bahia, 19th ; Pernambuco, 21st; St. Vincent's, 29th; Teneriffe, the 2d of Januarv; Madeira, 3d; Lisbon, 7th. The Tay brings 46 passengers. Among those landed at Lisbon was M. Thalberg, the eminent pianist, from Buenos Ayres. The freight consists of 28,7421. in diamonds, two packages of gold (value not dtated), and a cargo consisting of 333 bags of cochineal, 554 bags and 75 bales of tobacco, 62 casks of wine, 69 packages of chestnuts and waluts, and 150 parcels of sundries. The Tay experienced strong headwvinds nearly the wvhole of the voyage. She wvould have arrived earlier had she not been prevented for some days froma communicating with MIadeira owing~ to teso veather. o stress Of Buenos Ayres dates are to the 2d ult. ; the ac-- counts are far from satisfactor. Ou correspondent writes - " The turn affairs have taken inMontevideo is also alann;ng. Unless Urquiza and the Brazilians uuite to drive out Oribeasacommon enemy-which he undoubtedly is-we shallnotbeoilowedto go onin peacehere; and it is not unlikelywemaay have Don Juan Manuel Xosasbackin afew months.' "We have nothing to expect from the mission that has gone to the Parana; and the question with Paraguay is certain to involve us in new difficulties. " Therehave been rumours of tinisterial resignations,but we suspect they are nnfounded. At the same timne their position is extremely difficult, and, if they cannot induce the gauchos to go against the Indians, the soonerthey resign the betr.s "All business, except shearing and shipping wool, is at a dead stand, and the state of anxiety is very great, which the presence of so many political refuges from Montevideo is not calculated to allay. We consider a crisis inevitable ; when it rmay happen and what form it may assume we cannot predict, It is probable that next mail may throw some further light on our situation. ,' In commercialmatters the monetary situationof Bnenos Ayreawasfarfromsatisfactor-. Inarticlesofdailyconsumption the arrivals from Spam the U{nited States, Sardinia, and Brazilhad been considerablyabovethe average. Wholesale prices had in general given way, and a further reductionwas expected. Grain ano flour were the only two articles in wvhich it was deemed safe to speculate. The prospects of the crops, owingto the almost unprecedented succession of heavy rains, were very uncertain, andseemed likely to prove deficient; should sueh be the case, the consequences are expected to be fearfnL In exports there were no stocks on hand, v,ith the exception of wooL E.xchange on England .vas quoted at 67.a " ThefoUowing tritish merchantve-selswere intheportof Buenos Ayres:-The Euergy, the JennyJones, the Rosalie, the GoldenEagle, the Gaucho, the Rita, the Eliza enkin;, the Abbott, the Bosphorus, the Jane Anna, the Livonia, the Blossom, the Neptune, the Sappho, the Nox, the Caudia, the Marian Macintire, the dagnolia, the 7 de Mazo, the Jane Lakey, the Duchess of Leinster, the Ann and John, the Risk, the Mannelta, the Daring, the Usk-, thc Ipswich, and the Britannia." Intelligence from Montevidco reports an insurrection of a desperate nature. The British Packet in noticing the affair says:- " The streets from the 24th to the 29th of November vere the scene of a fratricidal struggle, in which 90 or 100 lives were sacrificed, and perhaps a largernumber woumded. The details are very vague, lbut the triumph was for the partisans of Generals Onbo and Flores. After a fruitless struggle their rivals had to suxrrender, and the rinc i leaders, with part of the troops, arrived here as refgees in the steam packets. -It is imposible to look forward to 'the complications that may ensue without a shludder of 'apprehension. In consequence of the outbreak everything in the shap e of business w.as at a standstill." From Rio de Janeiro our dates are to the 15th ult. The capital was entirely free from cholera, and it had nearly disappeared at most of thle ports along the coast. The wvorks of the Pedro IL. Railway were being carried on wFith great energy under the direction of lJfr. Austen, the civil engmeer. Commercial matters had not quite recovered from the effects of the epidemic. The sales of coffee, includi about 15,000 bags shipped on dealers' accounts since the l5gh of November to the 14th of December, reached 330,000 bags, of which lI000 were for the United States, 49,300 for the Mediterranean, 123,500 for the north of Europe, and .L200 bags for the Cape of Good Hope. Stock. 40,000 bags. Cleared in November, 74,828 bags for the United States fagainst 87,534 in November 1854) ; 2,831 for Caifornia; 65.502 for the Channel; 6,0I for An'terpw 2,128 for England; 3,756 for Havre ; 8,332 for p en 2,90 for Gottenburg; 5,537 for Gibraltar;F 6,517 fr Mfarseiles; 3,100 for Syria and Constantinople 3,592 for TrIe'ste 2,022 for Portugal; 58 for the River ilate ; in all, 157,210 bags. Pricesinsugarhadconsiderablyadvanced. Thesaleswere chieflyforhomeconsumptionandcomprise100cases, 1,000bag of Campos, at quotations, and 1,7D6 bags, 1,400 barrels of' Bahia and Penambuco, at 3,700 to 4,600 reis for white, 1 2,500 to 2,600 for brown. Arrived from Campos, 1,182 cases, 800 barrels, 5,800 bags; stock, 1,200 cases, 800 barrels, 4,800 bags. From the north, 226 cases, 2,300 barrels, 8,300 bags; stock, 346 cases,' 2,300 barrels, 8,800 b Only 1,000 hides had been sold since last advices, with a stock of 14,000. A verv animated businessin coffeehad taken place owing to a decline of 50 reis on thd previous high quotations. A circular says:- "The paralyzation which prevailedi in this article fromi the beginnig to the middle of last month snblsided onathe 15th, wvhen dealers having submitted to a decline of 500 reis on the previons highest quotations,a &.very animated business ensn0d,-vrhich has since- continued almost uninrerruptedly. Prices towards the close of last month-hadrecovered 100 to 150 reis; after tlt ~imval, however, of this conveyance, a fturther hnpua was given to the market, important ules were effected, and a further advance took place, pices being noni again fuly 400 reis above the rates currentonthelrthult.Thecholeslattrlconsiderablyde. creaed, and isinsoaeparttsnearly extinct; fortunatelyitlias' not invaded the principal coffee-growing districts of the vince. Planterst induced by thehigh value of the artFcle, have been huryng down their produce, and the market in consequence, has continued to be fa,rlv supphed. Jdin! however, from the diminishedb-roportion oL.old coffees contained in the last arrivals, it ruighit be sul?posed that not much .of that yield is left in the interier, and mn such.caae'supphes. may henceforth -begin to fall' oft considering the great ahiortness of the present eronp. " The extensive transacthons in coSee, as asEo some tight3e6 in Xh meoney-mxke4 caused aconsiderale impr.oTe- ment in tfhi exe gci About 65,OOOl. havi- been niegp. tiated at27i,-2&d.; G60 ds., ani27g, _ tt o & . previou to the depature of the Doima Mix! R,-,on t&e 20th of N3ovember, operations for this conveyance .comminced on tlhe 28th ult., the openng rate having bein 28iL 90 d. a; bills were subsequently pasea at 28 1 d, 9 s d; a d., 90 do a, 27 i d. 60 d. s. ;tie bul- of tusinca, however, wan at 27jd snd28d. 9tdas.-mostlS at the latter rate. IX. -all there- hve been negotiated- smnce tho 13th of 2Rovensber - SOW,OOOt. en London, of which the National &nk took J30,(DOZ., 1,500,00f.-on rance, at 340 to 342 for indirect bills, and 34 to 345 onFaris direct, M: Bco. 610,000 ona burg, chiefy at 645 reis. The remittances by this steamer are 720,0W. "Shipped in last month-179,6R1 bap of coffee (against 197,912 s November, 185; 664 barrd, 200 bAgs sugar19,885 hides; 20,000 ox and cow hozus; 29pipes ran; 949 rolls tobacco; 761 bags rice; 244 barrels tapioca; 715planks jacarandL "Thetfollowin, are the quotations in coffee :--uperior, vwashed, 5,500t6,400; superior, 5,100 to 5,300 - Ist go4 4,800to 4,900 ;Istord mzy,4,400 to 4,60;2dgood,4,OO( to4$200; 2d ordinary, 3,90Dto 3,500.-- ' reights to England were guoted at 50s.; Channel, 50s. to o5s. - Antwrerp, U.; Bamburg, 61j to 65s.- fediterranean, 60s. to 70sa; lnited States, 60c. to SOc. HEavre, 70f." With reference to finandial affairs in the Brazilian capital a correspondent dritfsn "The bank no longer receives in deposit for advanoes sined accounts, mnless they be payable to oeder, or, in otoer words, tnnsfersble. If tXe- bak persist in this determination, upwards of 3,000,000 of its capital thus employed will have to seek oher occupation, -while the merchants who received this accomnodtion will be at the mercy of the capitalists wIo lend moneynpon one name, and it not create much smprse if the capitaists upon an advance of Ito 2per cent. " The bank, in the first instance, encouraged the sytem of depostin-g these accounts, and the blame rests entireiy ith the directors if the mierchants (inporters) took advan. tage of the facility to push forward remittances to Europe. The directory has recently discovered that asthese accounts are not payable to order, they are not transferable, and ag the shopkeepers and dealers will not consent to the words, ' payable to A B,' or his order, being inserted, the merchants must hlave recourse to a ler legitimate manner of raising moneys,-a sstem not understood In England, but which is constant here, that of accepting a bill without a drawer-infact, apromissory not in another shape. This cannot be received by the bank unless a drawer be obtained, and thus these bills, with a drawer, come, to a limited extent, to the bank at an expense to the acceptor of I or 2 per cent. per annum; anud thus is the bank working against the commercial interests in favour of capitalists. moreover, no one will contend that these kites-for such they are-are as legitimate as are the accet. ances of the merchants with the collateral security of The signed accounts of their customers; but, unfortunately, the commercial code of Brazil has been copied from the codes of other countries without the fitness of them for Brazil being considered." Our intelligence fr6m Pahia is to the 19th iit. inclusive. Cholera still continued in the outports of Maroim, Penedo, LIvangeiras, and Mfaceio, ana had caused a complete stagnation of trade between those places and Balhia. The disease had also returned to some estates in the bay, where the deaths had been very numerous, but in the city it was almost extinct. The sugar estates were suffering considerably in consequence. Commercial afaits had undergone considerable changes since the last advices. The demand forEnglishmanufactureswas more active, and a fair quantity of goods had been taken for the interior. Prices, however, were any. thing but remunerative, taking into consideration the increased risk owing to the epidemic and long credit. The market was wcll stocked with goods, including the principal necessaries. Sugar arrived a little msore freely from the interior, but none from the outports. After the arrivals by conveyance of the 30th of November prices took a great start, and as high as 3,100 reis for browns and 3,G00 reis for whites -was paid for the South, and 2,900 reis and 3,000 reis for browns for Europe; since then a decline in prices at the South caused dealers to give way, and 2,80 reis and 3,200 reis were the quotations of the day for good dry new sgEar, or 24s. Gd. aud 27s. I0-iL per cwt. f.o.b., ex freight and commission. Stock on the 17th, 3,226 cases and 12,000 bags. Coffee at public sale, Caraxellas, sold at 4,100 to 4,950 reis. hinhias have found buyers at 4 milreis and 4,100 reis, but during the last few days some 4,000 to 6,000 baas were contracted for at 4,200 reis, or 39s. Id. per cwt., fo.b., ex freight and commission. Coooa5 3,700 reis, or 34s. 8d. per cvt., f.o.b., ex freight and conimision. Cotton was f1atter, and some sales on the spot, for the national factories, took place at 5,250 reis, and last i1aceio priees 5,600 reis on board, or 4fd per lb. f.o.b. ex freight and commission. In freights tonnage was wanted. The last charters for Liverpool were made at 62s. Gd.; -Hamburg 75s.; London, 60s.; and United States, S5c. per bag. Only one or two large disengaged vessels were in port. Exchange opened at 28d., having been down to 27d., and again up to 28d. It closed firm at 2Qd. peq: milrei. Her Majesty's steamer Indeiatigable, Ad. iiral Johnson, and the fleman, Captain Christians were in harbour. At Pernambuco some few cases of cholera had appeared, and had caused considevable alarm. The sugar-market was steady. WVhites were quoted at, in the praa, from 2,850 reis to 3,900 reis; and browns, 2,450 reis to 2,800 reis per aroba, according to quality. The entries had been increasing, averaging 7,440 bags per day since the 1st of December-say 60,564 bags received by land, and 43,594 bags by water, or, together, 104,158 bags, the greater part browns; and the shipnients during the month (from steamer to steamer) 7,642 tons, consisting of 3,386 tons whites, anct 4,256 browns, of wlhich have been shipped to the Channel for orders 1,028 tons; to England, 1,167 tons; to Portugal, 784 tons; to Gibraltar for orders and the Miediterranean, 458 tons; to the United States, 1,157 tons; to the River Plate, 751 tons; to Valparaiso, 942 tons; and to the native ports, 1,241 tons. The stock for sale and shipment was estimated at about 4,200 tons, of vwhich 760 tons wvhites and 1,800 tons browns were undisposed of. 2,000 bags browns were sold by auction at 2,421 reis per arrob3, and 2! per cent. commission. iu the cottonmariet prices ranging from 3 to 6 per cent. had been demanded, wvithout any apparent cause for the advance. The entries throughout the month amounted to 3,214 bags, when prices ruiled at from 5,200 to 5a650 reis, the last quotations being 5,300 to 5,600 reis per arroba. Shipments within the same time 3,009 bags, of wlhich 2,041 bags went to England, 550 bags to Spain, 20 bags to Portugal, and 352 bags to France. Of Maceios no transactions had taken place, but several cargoes of Paribas were sold at 5,800 reis and upwaLdls per arroba, free on board. Very small supplies of hides had enteredthe market, which were immediately sold at from 210 to 215 reis per lb. The stock of rum was scanty, and prices hba advanced to 85 to 90 milreis per pipe for 20 to 21-h degrees strength. 550 pipes have been exported to the River Plate, and 353 pipes to the native ports of the empire. In freights transactions to some extent had taken place during the month. The amount of exchange effected during the month was 165,0001., including 68,000. for Government at the following rates :-792,0007. at 271; 31,0007. at 27, ; 7,0001) at 27-i; 27,000I. at 28, all 60 daye' sighst; also about 2,000f. on Paris at 348 aud 350 reis per franc, and 60,OO marks on Hamburg at about 060 reis per mark. Latest quotations 271 to 28. The demand for day goods had fallen off owing to the approaching, holydays, and the late and rather heavy arrivals. Some portion of St. Vimcent's were suffering con. siderably for want of rain. Her M1ajesys ships MLdagascar, Syren, Sharpshooter, and Tyne were at Rio; also the Frenctt frigates Beaumanoir and Poursuivante. - At Pernambuco, Her Majesty's ship Express. At St. Vincent's, the United States' ship Dale.' 4t Madeira, the United States' frigate St. Jancito, for Japan.
COUBT CIBaUZAI * is Royal Highness Prince AlbeTt went oat ShootingthiS morning, accompanied by the Connt of Flanders, Earl (ranville, the Speaker of. the House of Commons, and NearAdmiral Hamilton. The folloWing vdsitors left the C.le to-day:-Ba±! and Countess GranviUle, the Alutrian Minister (Connt Colloredo), the 3archioness of Hlastings and Captain Yelver ton, Sir Charaes and Lady harv Wood, Sir Benjamio n BTusa, and the BightFeon. Spencerand.It wal ttole. Earl GranviUle ax'Aved in London yesterday from avlisit tO the Qaeen it Windso? Casile. soeetangs-of the ODford Univerditv Cohmisaen were held at iNo. 1T,- Great Queen-street, Wrestminster, on Tuesd.ay, Wednesday andr Thulrsday last. The ComnmiSioners pre. sdntwere:-The Earl of EUesmere, Earl of Harrowby Mr. JneticeColerid'e, thelIon. EDdwrardTniseton, tbeDean of Wells, and Sir John W. Aivdry, wvith the Secretaries. sA Cabinet Council iras held yesterday afternsoon at the Foreign:offlce. It wvas attended by iViscout Palanerston, The Lord Ohandellor, Earl G ranville, the Earl of xrby, &r Xogte Grey, !:r. Secretary Liboucbere, SixCharl&twood, Lord Stanley of Alderley, tbe Right B:on. hL. T. Baines, a:nd the Duike oDt Ary. The Courncil zat Yhzee hours,
JEGOND EDITION. TIETE TMES OFFICE, Satt-day 31Mornbing.- * EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The fol owinrg is the letter of our Paris correlpondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- A private telegraphic despatch received here last L aaowvces that M. Seebac$haiadleft St. Peters. ]burg on his return to Dresden. and no doubt to Paris. Sufficient has been said on the subject of !his journeyto St. Petersburg to render his movemeents of interest: but beyond the fact -of his having left the Russian capital on Monday evening last nothinghas transpired. On the answer Ibossia has given, to the Austrian propositions speculationisrife. Apersoninahighofficial position is said to have positively. stated this day that, contrary to the general expectation, Ru3sia and the - allie3 were nearer coming to an understandirig than was geinerally supposed. This would be verY vague were it not for an additional statement that in her, counter-propositions -Russia woulId probably accept the neutralization of the Black Sea and the rectifJcatiou of her Bessarabian territory. I hope such is the case,though X confess, until sorne more positive proof of the fact is given, I -hesitate to believe it. The neutralization, as we maean it, comnpletely sweeps away every vestige of Russian predominance in those waters and on those coasts, and therectifiaetio,s of her territoryinvolves the gi2ving up the forts which have enabled her hitherto to maintain her monopoly of the navigation of the Danube. The 3Minis erialjournals here will veryprotMly enlarge on the advantages of such concessions, and show that, afteral, they form the real object for which we took up arms. Their importance cannot be denied for a momert. The neutralization of the Black Sea completely frees Turkey from the fear of invasion, and the opening of the Danube confers immnense advantages on Germany, and the former is au accomplished fact, which all the power of Russia cannot undo. As for the protectorate of the Principalities and the Rayah population of Turkey, they seem lessimportant points in comparison,atleastfor the present, and Russia would hardly refLse to assent to a qzwsl independence of the former, were it only to deprive Austria of what may be the object of her cupidity. I repeat that I can hardly venture to give credit to the pacific turn which matters are said to take, notwithstanding that the fact is affirmed in a quarter that must necessarily be -well informed. Russia may not have given a peremptoryrefusal, but, faithful to her old habits, I fear she is only making another attemnpttogaintime. Isincerelyhopelmay be disappointed, but I do not yet believe in peace. I A curious and rather mysterious article, which appears in this day's Mronitieur, has puzzled every one. It has been read over and over again with the greatest attention; every sentence measured, every word weighed, but the mnore the scrutiny the less it is intelligible. The more obvious interpretation is that it is a lesson, indeed a reprimand, administered ti the+members of that dignified but not over lively body the Scnate, and that the design is to poke it up a little. The caged lion himself sleeps sometumes 'shen he shoual show his points and make his roar heard, and he now and then requires the goad. If the Senators are lions they are rather harmless Unes, and it is probable that their Imperial keeper feels impatient at their quiescence when all theworld is up and stirring about them, and when even civlians are forming part of councils of war. But why should this moment of all others be chosen for a reprimand; and if the Senators in question prefer a state of passive dignity, wvho it may be asked has reduced them to it? Therefore it can hardly be the mere idle varity of reading a lesson to pupils who have been but too docile that has inspired thislong and elaborate article in the official journal. It is useless to notice the many conjectures that are hazarded on the subject, for instance, that it is but a preparatory step to demanding men and money for the war; that it is preliminary to a Project of Law of Regency in the absence of the Emperor, who intends placing himself at the head of the expedition to the Baltic; that it has close relation with the alleged pacific stage to which oxur Russian propositions have reached, &c. All that can be safely said is that something is meant, but as to divining that something I give it up. The following private teleg,rphic despatches have been received:- "BERLIN, JA&;. 1Q. "Prince Augustus of Wirtemberg, General in the service of Pnrssia, leaves to-morrow for St. Petersburg, charged -;it an :ion. "Formal conferences take place between Count Nessel. rode, Prince Esterhazy, Baron Seebach, and x. Schonnen. "General arnsrff haspassed through Berlin on his way to Vienna." VIEN'A, JL:. 10. "Private advices from St. Petersburgof the 6th announce that Count de Stackelberg will be the bearer to our Court of counter-propositions on the part of Russia. He will also. be the bearer of fresh instructions for Prince Gortsebak-off. II There is, unfortunatoly, little hope for the Te-establishment of peace." "t IADRID, J3uq. 9. "The Cortes yesterday declared by 133 votes to 42 that the privilege granted to the Bank of St. Ferdinand was not exdIusive. "There isno truth in the report of an issue of paper money. "Everything is tranquil at Madrid and in the provinces." " JAy. 10. "Thirty-two persons have been arrested for taking part. in the ,retfc which recently took place near the palace of the Cortes. "The Cortes to-ay commenced the discussion of the bll for the railway from Madrid to Saragossa." The screw frIgate Pomone, coming from the Black Sea, and going to Brest, reached Malta on the 28th The steam frigate Albatros left Marseilles for Toulon on the 8th, having in towv a commercial vessel. The screw transport Aleurthe, and the steam frigate Magellan, sailed from Toulon on the 9th, for the Black Sea. General larion, who commands the 3d brigade of the division of cavalry at Versailles, has been apl'i pointed to the command of the brigade of cavalry of the Imperial Guard, vice De x1rontebello, promoted to the rank of General of Division. General of Brigade Gaudin de Villaine, commanding the subdivision of the Yonne at AuLxerrey succeeds General Mfarion at Versailles. The distribution of the medals awarded at the Horticultural Exhibition of Last year took place yesterday in one of the salons of the President of the L.egilshtive Body. Pf. Rouher, the Minister of Agriculture, presided. There were present, Count de Pietoty, esoien t OT the Society; the Duk-e Decazes, Honorary President; M.L Mony de lornay, Iead of the Division of Agrieulture in that department; the mnembers of the bureau of the Society.; the members of the Jtuy and of the Conmmission of fhe Exibition, &c. The business of the day was_| opened by an appropriate speech from the M3iister of Agrfaulture, which was replied to by the Count de Mlorny, after which the different medals wore distributed to the successful candidates. The &ocrrie- de Beyoiuie say,: " The gendarinery and customs officers of Olette made, in the niddle ot X ovember last, a search in the house of a Zpanish farner, named 14egtia, at Urrugne, and seized a c'Uantity of cockades, ball. cartridges, and other ammunLtian.; ~Isn tl lea allpsnshalsoSgits, oeaon¾inig information very interesting to the Spanish GoTerniient. ILeaia afterwards ws brought to trial before the Tribunal f Correctional Police ot B6yonn e for ketping a. Carlist depOt, and, being convited, was sentencedto'a montWhs mrp isonentt. His peri94of punialient has just expircd, and he has been exiled to England at the request of the Spanish Government." The following letter has been received from Genoa, dated the 6th instant The greatest -e.ctivity is displayed inthe military arsenal and its annex. It is intended to lannch, as soon as pasible, the screw frigate Vittorio Emmannele of 50 guns The sailing frigates which are disarmed will be prepared for active service; and a levy of 1,000 seamen is going on at this moment. Bat this flotilla is not meant to join the -alliedforces in theBaltic. Itwilibe directed to the mouths of the Danube, if the efforts made by Austria for peace axe not successfuL .A Lombard refugee, 3L Gregorio bianini,. whovwas underSardinian protection, was attacked by a band of Persians while travelling near Trebizond. He Idilled one and wounded another, .and,.escapingfrorii their hands; he reached Trebizond. On his arrival Hafi Pasha, the Sovernor, caused him to be arrested. The Sardinian Idinister to-the Subl.ine Porte claimed him, but the Pet: *sian Ambassador, W-r%a-Ahmetr-Eln, opposed his- being given up. The former, however, prevailed, and M Gregorio Giannini was given up. The moment he was at liberty he commenced proceedings against the Persian Ambassador for the payment,of l,O00i., of which the Persians had robbed him. " At Naples itis hoped that the political system wil soon be favoumbly modified; and this hoped-for change is attributed to the firm attitude of Baron Brenier, no less than to the prudent counsels of the Archdukes Albert and Reynier. The advantages we expect to derive are-amnesty, mnoderation in the measures of the police, and adhesion to the Western Alliance. These wil2, perhaps, be deferred till the. marriage of the Duke of Calabria, the heir presumptive. All this is very fair, and we only hope that it will be realized. As to the Princess who is the cause of the expected change in the policy of the Court, it vas thought to be the idaugbter of the King of the Belgians; but the Bavarians declare it is the second- daughter of their Ring, the sister of the Empress of Austria. "A meeting was announced to be held in the streets of Genoa, to petition against the taxes, and to demand a more equitable assessment of them. The place of meeting was to be at the theatre, thee Aquasila, but the rain prevented it from taking place. The placards had anticipated the inter. ruption: and the following Sunday vas fixed in case it occurred. "The xailroad administration has reduced the price of third-elass places for passengers, except in mixed trains. " Or Sardinian navy wants oficers, and it has commenced receiving some belonging to the Venetian navy who had emigrated to Piedmont. The Lloyd of Trieste, in order to keep their sea captains, has increased their pay. It has 4ivided them into six classes, with from 4ft to 140. per month. Moreover, it has established preminums for such as distingUish themselves in the care of the goods entrusted to .them, and in their attentions to the passengers. These premiums are as high as 5Q0." Among the Zouaves who have lately returned from Lthe Crimea there are, it is to be presuned, not a few who are adnirers of the fine arts. One of these saucy-looking- warriors, whose love for the beau, is particularly developed after a carouse with his comrades of the line, is in the habit of taking his stand near the grilte of the Place du Carrousel and indul,gig in a soliloquy, interrupted by hiccups, as he gazes on the Louvre. He was heard yesterday saying, to himself, as he staggered along, and tried to fix his gaze on the building, "Cest bien, mon Empereur ! ma parole d'honneur, trbs bien ! C'est digne de toi. C'est beau. Ta as mon estime, Sire. Je suis content de tei, mon Empereur. Vive PEmpereur!" It appears from the returns of the Baiuk of France that the metaUlic reserve has decreased during the past month 5,430,402f. in Paris, and 13,860,824f. in the branch banks. The discount accommodation has increased in Paris 34,843,0£.,and decreased in the departments 5,815,141f. The advances on public securities have increased in Paris Cl,470,0oof., and decreased in the departments 798,950f. The notes in circtlation have increased 15,912,700r. in Paris, and decreased 830,450f. in the departments. The Treasury aclcount current has decreased 21,026,340f., aud those of private persons have increased 13,951,457f. in Paris, and 879,472f. in the departments. The receipts of the Orleans Railway during the last two days of 1855 were 335,266f., or 34,870f. more than in 1854. Tle gross - receipts.of the year 1855 anmounted to 52,832,273f.,'being an increase, as compared -with 1854, of 8,584,3~70f. The receipts of the line during the first five days of January were 508,74G£f, or 37,883f. more than last year. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 62f. 50c. for the end of the.month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 90f. 60c. ; and the Nevw Loan at GSf. 35C. ; Orleamn Railway shares, 1,102f. 50c.; Great Northern, 840f.; Strasburg, 84Sf.; New shares, 717f. 50c.; Paris and Lyons, 1,080f.; Lyonsto the Afediterranean, 1,200f. ; Western of France, 720f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 650f.; Great Central of France, 540f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 660f. ; Bank of Credit ?dobilier, 11f. 70c.; Awstrian railways, 700f. Cours Anthentique.-PAnpis, Jan. IL-Cash PricesFour-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years), OLf. 90f. 90c. 0c. 50c. 90f. 90f. 25c. 9Of. S9£. 7cc. S9f. 50c. dlitto secondI Loan of 185 (35 per cent, Paid), 911. P-lc; Three per Cents., 62f. T0O. 60e. Soc. 40J. ,,c. 40c. 20c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (35 per cent: paid), 63£. 5oc. 30c. 25c. 20c: ; ditto Certificates (35 per cent, paid), 6sf. 60oc. 5Oc. 40c. 3Oc. 2.3. 031.; Bank of France, 3150f. 3,135c.- Cr-dit Foncier, 510f.; ditto Obligations of 500O., Four per Cents. 412f. Moc.; ditto Three per Cents., 3u5f. ; ditto Tenths Four per Cents., 9Sf. ; Credit Mobilier, 1,197f. 50c. 1,195f. 1,19O. L187f. 50c. 1,185c. 1,182f. 50c. 1,1771. 50c. 1,17.5f. 1,172f. oOc. l,170f.; Discount Bank, 600f.; 1'icd,nontese Fiv-e per Cents., S4f.; ditto Three per Cents., oOf. o0f. 20C.;* Belgian Four-and-n--}Ifr per Centsc., 944; liente dcl Naples (P.othschild's), 111; Ronmans, S1; Spanish Deferred Converted, 21t i. ditto InteriOr Debt, 344 . E£xchange on l ondon, at siglt,'money, 25!. 3ac.; three m onths, meney, 24f. 85c. AUSTRIA.' ' (FROM OVR OW. CORESPOsrDE? T.) - -VI~rENNA, .JIn;. 8.- COunt Valeltine* Esterhazyy's despatch of the 30th of December, containing an account of the inipressibn produced on him by the conversation of Count Nesselrode, has reached this city, and information has been given me that the Austrian diplomatist thinks it Will be difficult,- if not totally impossible, to obtain a straightforward -acceptance or a total rejecti6n of the proposed conditions of jpeace; As Count Esterhazy had not had an audience of the Emperor Alexander when, he wrote his despatch, he was naturally umable to give his Govermnent any insight into the personal views and opinions of th.at Mlonarc]r. Since the 30th December, up to the evenin<gof yesterday, no news whatever has been received from the Austrian Embassy- in St. Petersburg, and this prolonged silence is considered "a very bad sign." Within the last few years several of the European Monarlchs have acquired a habit of caring on a direct diplomatic correspondence with each other, instead of through their respective linisters, and the chances are that within a very few days you - will learn from me that Count Stackelberg or Coumnt somebody else has brought an autograph letter from the Emperor Alexander I. to the Emperor Francis Joseph. A telegraphic despatch has this morning been received from Berlin, in which it is said that the reply of Russia is not likely to be " totaUy unsatisfactory;" in a word, that the propositions made by Austria will not be unconditionally rejected. Full three weeks since yonwereinformal thatViennipoliticians firnlybelieve the Russian Government will do everything in its power to a.void-a complete .m.pture with Austria, and the wish is doubtless father to the thoiught. Colonel Ilanteuffel frequently calls on Comnt Buol, blut the latter is a singularly reserved man, and it is therefore by ino imans probable that the amateur diplomatist wlll succeed in obtaini fromn him even the slightest hint of what the allied Powers purpose. to do should Count Esterhaz'fs missioni fail. , . , Newspaper correspondenls hive not 'the privilege of readinrg the private despatches of monarchs and diplomatists, but every - now and then they receive. fragmentary information concerninlg them, wlhch their judgient and. general knowledge of ivsat - is pas,ing enable them-ta-t bicn qlte sai--to complete. After this blief preamble you will permit me to say a few words respecting the recent correspondence, between Francis Joseph of Austria and his Royal uncle, King Frederic William of Prussia. The letter of the Austrian MIonarch contained a detailed statement of what had passed between himself aud the Courts of England and France, and a dignified and manly justification of his policy in the Eastern question. A very strong appeal was also made to the religious feelings of tbh King, andahe was assured that it was in his power w decide whether there should be a speedy peace or a prolonged and most sanguinary war. The contents of the letter made a great impression on the kindhearted Monarch (for kindhearted he really is), but it was not lasting, and instead of agreeing to go, heart and hand, with the Emperor, he attempted to dissuade him from taking any further step in advance. The missive of which Colonel MIanteuffel was the bearer is said to be full of feeling and rentiment, but it failed to produce-the desired. effect on the high personage to whom it was addressed. ; The Germans divide huraan beings into " GefGhilsmenschen" and "Verstandsmenschen," bywhich expressions they mean that some ment act atcording to the dictates of their feelings, and others according to the dictates of their understaniding. Is it surprising that King Frederick William, the "Gefahismensch," and the Emperor Francis Joseph, the "Verstandsmensch," should take a different view of the conduct of Russia. The tone of the King's letter is said to have gratified the feelings of the Emperor, but the latter probably hear7tily wishes that His Majesty had a little more resolution and a little less sentiinent. it is related that Colonel MTanteuffel is not such a frequent visitor at Court as he was when last here, although he dined at the Emperor's table a day or two since. A well-informed Berlin correspondent writes to the Augsbeirg Gazette that Russia will probably display some little readiness to make concessions on those points which more inmediately concern Austria and Germany. It need hardly be said that these points are-the complete emancipation of the Danubian Principalities from the pernicious inflaence of Russia, the free navigation of the Danube, and a renunciation on the part of Russia to all claim to an exclusive protectorate over the Greek Christians in Turkey, The Berlin writer expresses his astonishment that Russia should be so " insolent" as to make such propositions as those mentioned in Count Nesselrode's circular of the 22d of December. The Austro-German Currency Conference begains here to-day, and it can hardly be doubted that the standard of 21 silver florins to the fine (Cologne) mark of gold will be introduced into this country. The object of Austria is to manage matters in such a way that her silver currency shall have the same intrinsic value as that of Prussia and the other German States. The typhus has assumed an epidemic character, and the hospitals are overfilled. On the 7th of January there were 2,342 patients in the "General Hospital," and 57 persons applied for admission in the course of the evening of the same day. Now, the hospital in question has but room and accommodation for 2,000 persons, and it is therefore to be foreseen that a great many of the cases will terminate fatally. It may be observed that the Vienna physicians are one and all of opinion that if rooms or hospital-wards are over-flUed with typhus patients the fever becomes contagious. During the last three days there has been a rapid and complete thaw, and Vienna has attempted to rival London in the atticle 6f fog, but the attempt was a failure, as the true pea-soup colour was wanting. Count Coronini, the Conmmander-in-Chief of the army of occupation in the Danubian Principalities, returned to his post yesterday evening. During the last five or six weeks things have been going on more smoothly in Vallachia and Moldavia, and Count Coronini is said to have received instructions to keep a very tight hand on his troops. On Sunday last the sa7ons of the 31inister for Foreign Affairs were unusually fulL The English, French, and Russian MIinisters were present, but the latter appeared to exercise the attraction of repulsion on the tvo former. Count Buol's sister died yesterday, and notice has already been given that there will be no balls in his apartments during the season. The Kalisch correspondent of the Oesttreidticite Zeitms7a applies the epithets of "unadvised" and "siUly" to Omar Pasha's expedition against Kutais, but it is,'notorious [that the Sirdar had not the necessary train for such a long march as it is from Trebizond to Kams. The Sultan is said to have refused to deprive Osmar Pasha of his comiand. The Danube of Vienna puiblishes the following, under date of Berlin . " It has been frequently stated that the relations of the Prussian Cabinet with that of the Tuileries were much more satisfactory than those which it keeps up with the Cabinet of St. Jamess. A fact which occurred lately proves that the relations of Prussia with England are not what might be wished. It appearS that the Earl of Clarendon, at an interview wlhich Count de Bernstorff, the Prussian Ambassador at London, had with him, complained of the conduct pursued by Prussia in the Eastemn question. The Earl expressed himself very unequivocally as to the pretended neutrality of Prussia; he complained that that Power continued to supply Russia with large quantities of warlike stores, and that the Prussian, Goveaunent, by tolerating such conduct, gave assitance to the enemy of France and England. The Earl also expressed his surprise that superior officers of the Prussian anny should have been present at the feeorganized by the Russian Ambassador to celebrate the surrender of Kars; and that the name of Ears should have been used at a review at Berlin as a mzot dordre, as if the victory gained by the Russians wvas glorious for the arns of Prussia. ' If England,' continued his Lordship,' does not see in all these facts so many demonstrations in favour of Russia, she cannot avoid remarking the carelessness with which Prussia maintains her moral co-operation- England will therefore find herself compelled to adopt serious and even hostile measures, if the Cabinet of Berlin does not change its attitude.' The Prussian Ambassador addressed a confidential despatch to his Go. vermnrent, in which he related in detail the result of his interview. This despatch arrived at Berlin at the moment when 31 de Mauteurel vas in Lasatia, and he. returned to Berlin the instant he was informed of the receipt of it. A council of Ministers was assembled, under the presidency of the King, and the communications made by the Earl of Clarendon to the Prussian Ambassador were the subject of a Iong discussion. Althougl the declarations ofEngland have produced a very deep impression here, it does not appear that Prussia makes ally attempt to pat an end to the acts of which theEnglighish,i.nistercomplains. It istherefore considered very possible thatthe Prassianports intheBaltiewiUlbe placed ina state of blockade. Thereportthat aPrenchamy might be concentrated on the Rhine has produced a very great sensation; and it was at one time in contemplation to interdict in PrUssia the circulation of the Ausurg G'azctle, which was the first to publish the statement. It is known here, from a good source, that Sweden is making prepara. tions for taldng part in the great events of which the Baltic will be the theatre next spring. The armaments of Sweden and Xorway are being pushed on very vigorously." RUSSIA. We have received the St. Petersburg journals of the 4th of January. YIajor-Gener,l Schultz, seond in command of the fortress of Nikolaev, is appointed Commandant of Dunamunde. The papers do not contsin any news of interest. rITALY. The Tnscan NAoniitor, of the 4th inst., publishes a decree of the Duke of Modena, establishing a new order-the order of the Eagle of Este-undefthe invoationof St. Contardoof Este, of whichtheDuke hasinstitutedhimself Grand Master. "This order," says the ducli decree, " has for its speal object to recompense those who have well deserved of our Royal person and our family, both by their con;%taut and nnlteTable devotion to them, aibyloyl * It appea advisale always to repeat the Christihs name df the repre3entitive of this Court at StI Petheourg, as three AlbAtrian diplomsaists are Counts Esterhazy. and important servces, or any oter. claim on 'our Sovereign benevolence.7" The 3Modeata Alessen,ger, of the 2d inst., publishes aloqng list of knights and dignitaries of the new order. Maishal Radetzky is al?pointed Grand ross, ind the Austrian Minister at the Court of- Modena Cormarnder. The Pielnwe?, of the 6th inst., states that all the orange and lemon trees were frozen in the night o! the 20th ult,, in -the neighbourhood of Massa and Cara. The loss is estimated at 4Q,001. SPAIN~. '(FRom OUR OWv?; COTRESPONDMM.) 7 RADRD, JTAN. 6. ' The Committee of the Cortes to which the propositions of the Credit fobilier Commussioners were referred, has had a conference with the latter, at which Senor Bruil was present, and I learn that a perfect understanding was come to as regards the principles and details of the. measure, the only difference being, I believe, as to the degree of intervention which the Government should exercise in the affairs of the company. The latter do not object to a Government Inspector or Comisario Regio being appointed,. who - might inspect their books daily if he chose, and keep bimself and the Governmaent perfe.tly ant courant as regards the state of their affi'rs; but they do object to a Government nominee having a right to attend the meetings of their Board of Administration, at -which theywould have to decide on propositions submitted to them, which might be one day whether or not to m,ake an advance to the Government, to assist a particular railway or otlier large scheme, &c. They ob serve that the Governor of the Bank of San Fernando, who is appointed by the Government, though paid by the Bank, does not attend the ordinary meetings of'the Junta de Administration, but only the general meetings of shareholders to declare a dividend, &c. This matter will probably be satisfactorily arranged, the Government being understood to be very desirous of encouraging this and similar schemes, The statutes of the other Company of Credit forming by various Spanish firns established here have not been presented to the Cortes yet; but it is reForted that they will be presented to-morrow. The Government measure respecting the new organization of the Bank of San Fernando is now before the Cortes. Senor Brail, having declared in favour of there being only one bank of issue as regards notes payable to bearer, there is no chance of any scheme which includes another bank of issue at Madrid passingE. The principal features of the new measures are, that the Bank of San Fernando is to increase its paid-up capital from 120,000,000 of reals, its present amount, to 200,000,000, and to establish branch banks at Seville, 31alaga, Santander, and several ot'her large seaports and provinial capitals, where, as -well as in MIadrid, it is to be the sole bank of issue, and may augment its circulation till it reaches three tinies the amnount of its paid up capital. A dividend of 3 per cent. has been declared by the bank upon its shares, for the half year ending the 31st December last. Letters from Portugal state that MLNI. Pereire, of the Credit Mobilier Company, have obtained the concession of the projected line of railway from Lisbon to the Spanish frontier. The Conmnittee of the Cortes has reported in favour of the proposed Madrid and Saragossa line, but two members will send in separate reports. Senor Salamanca has applied, in the name of the Great Central RaRiway of France, for leave to inspect the plans, &c. The Tariff Committee has chosen Don Ramion Calatrava as its President, to fill the vacancy occasioned by the departure of Don Salustiano Olozaga for Paris. Senor Bruil has addressed a Royal order to the govcrnors of provinces, informing them, and desiring them to make it generally known, that the parties who consider their interests affected by the Government measure of tariff reform will be heard by the committee, which willsit daily for that purpose from January 10 to February 10. Senor Battles, who lately presented a bill to the Cortes, by which marriage was declared to be a civil contract, which, however, he has since withdrawn, has introduced another bill, which qualifies as working days all the days of the week except Sundays. It was referred to the sections as a preliminary proceeding to authorize or refuse their sanction to its being read, and the authorization to read it hlas been granted by six out of the seven sections, one only (the second) having refused it. A petition, or rather a strong protest against the re-imposition of the imposts called Consumos and Derechas de Puertas, was reported on by a commiittee, and the report, which was hostile to its being taken into consideration by the Cortes, the form being "no ha lugar de deliberar," was discussed and finally adoptedi by 14G6 votes against 50. The corn trade is verybrisk at present; there are daily300 or 400 boats loading in the canal of Castille, and numbers of vessels leaving Santander with freights of grain and flour for foreign ports. - - Daily reports are spread about Senor Emil's leaving the 3Ministry, but I am assured that they are without foundation. Financial prospects appear brighter than they were, and the Finance Minister is paying punctually, and possesses the confidence of capitalists generally. The internal dividends are in course of payment here. The Three per Cents, were done yesterday at 34.80 ex-dividend, and the Deferred at 21 65 to 70. To-day being Sunday there was no Bolsa. I onmitted to mention that there was a masked ball last night at the Teatro Real, the proceeds being intended for the benefit of the wounded soldiers in the Crimea. The weather was much against it, as we have had three or four days and nights of constant rain, which still continues, and the attendance was not so large as was expected.
: THE BALTIC FLEET. -TO TI DITOR OF THE TDES. -- ^ 1,I, itn commons with many naval officers vhotook par. in thd naval proceedings of that period w*hich Sir CharleslNapier calls "the last war," read with surprise Sir Charles's letter of the 8th inst., ia flechhe attempts to justify the inertness of the unet under his command by stating that during his 1T years' service it was not the custom for ships to approachbatteries at alL Now, Sir Charles was in the Mediterranean in command of the Thames in 1811, -at which period- so general was the practice of attacking batteries that we often usea to do it to exercise outr crews, and I believe ther'e was not a frigate on that station which had not at one time or other attacked batteries and captured. vessels lying under their protection. It is reallysurprising that the- eg,otism of Sir Charles should lead b1iii to forget the actions of that' nature kerformed by Hoste, Brenton, Cochrane, Brisbane, Clifford, and others. Nor were those attacks confined to single ships. Commodore Spraniger attackel the Greek Ilands, and the Spartan there covered the landing by attacking the Mole lead battery 'within -miusketshot. Rear-Admiral Frhe mantle, with his squ2dron in the Adriatic, bom'liarded Pessaro and lsle. other towns upon the coast, in order to tire out tile division of the Freftch army. left there for its defence, ultimately taking Trieste. Admiral Hotham, I think, commanded the attack against Istria. I commanaded the battery the sailors erected against the fortress. Sir Charles after-wards 'proceeded with a squiaron of frigates to the coast of America, and he ought to remember that a division of them wi-tin a' month afterwards attacked the batteries in the Penobscot river, and burnt the New London American frigate. Sir Charles has made free with the name of Sir James Saumarez, and is pleased to call him an enterprising officer little short of Nelson; permit me to tell him that in enterprise coolness, and daring Sir James Siumarez was in no way short of Nelson, and the victory of Algesiras stil stands unrivalled in those respects. So far from not venturing,to take the squadron under his command into an enemy's port, he anchored with a division of the Channel fleet a whole winter in Quiberon Bay. He attacked during his command at Guernsey the batteries at Cherbourg, and arrested the works going on at the breakwater; his squadron attacked the batteries at Granvile and St. Ualo, and, but for the orders from 'the Admiralty, he would have oftener done so. When ComDmander-in-Chief of a powerful fleet in the Baltic he did not attackCronstadt, Revel, or Rigs, because he felt persuaded that the only means of bringing the war to a sueeisnful conclusion was by forming a Northern coalition, and, as Russia had been forced into a war against her will, such attacks could be attended with no beneficial results. In that measure he succeeded even against the expectations of the Government of the day, and thus rendered an invaluable service to his country, which it had the candour to acknowledge, but not the generosity to reward; but, so far from checking the enterprise of the officers under his command in their attacks upon batteries, he encouraged them in every way, and no officer was received with so much welcome by him as Captain Stewart was after his return from a gallant attack upon a Danish squadron lying under the batteries of M1ardoe, on the coast of Norway. Nfow, Sir, were the captains under Sir Charles Napier similarly encouraged, or, on the contrary, were they not checked, and repriman(ded when incurring risk against batteries? li the opinion. of Sir James Saumarez, the best method of making an enemy feel the effects of the war -was to have flying squadrons, with an adequate force of marines on -board, which ehould lay waste thu -whole line of coast. It is all very well finding fault -with the Admiralty, bait there never was a fleet that went to sea so wel4 found in every respect (except the training of the crews) as the fleef under Sir Charles, and the old Baltic officers with whom I served agree with you in thinking the Baltic fleet under Sir Charles could not have done less. And here. he may again take a lesson from Sir James SaLunarez :-When Lord Mlelville addressed him a semi-official letter, he requested his Lordship to transmit all official communications through the Secretary of the Board, and, upon an attempt being made to dictate to him as to how he was to attack or annoy the enemy, he gave the First Lord of the 'Admiralty a lesson Sir James had learnt from St. Vincent, and tendered his resignation. *vhy did not Sir Charles do the same, or attack the enemy agreeably to the printed instructions ? Far be it from me to question the daring of the gallant officers of that fleet, but there is a moral courage often brought to the test in naval affairs which seems not to have been exercised-that of putting into one scale the orders of the superior, and into the other what is best for our country's service, and, if necessary, sacrificing ourselves for it. The heroes of our profession left us this example. May it be never forgotten, and oftener followed! I am, Sir, your obedient servant, A RETRED FLAG O0FICE Bath, Jan. 10.
-TO THE EDITOB OF THE TIMES. liir,-1 wis'h you would use yotxr powerful inuence in waklng up a sleepy Govern lentr wvho have been considering for the lnst eiaht months about putting on an overland mail again to tte Australian colonies. They hare now plenty of steamers and no excuse for any further delay. The coloniesarewiin topayhalf theexpensor more,f eird The last dates from Melbourne are by th onald M'Kay, Septemnber 26 ; so that -we are now 106 days 'without news ; and when the above ship left two snails were overdue-thie iBen N~evis, out 100 days. Pray, what calculations can mierchants make -with such posta communication. as this-more than double the time they ,ought to be ? Will bank-ers give meorchants 50 days extra to consider hiow they are'to pay a .bill w-hen due ? Then,. surely, the land o gold, which has already sent home so 'inuch of the needfuil, ouht to have the 9uickest comimunication that could be obtained, not alowing the Americans to have the first information ; or they wil take half the trade that ought to, comie to us. For instance, t'hey can mnanufacture boots, &c., quite as suitaLble as the English;- maktbas bean the wantb)f qulekinfrmto . Hoping you wil do your best to assist the Australians, W. AVAT80g. 20, mil3k- r e et, _heap3side, Jan. 10.
SLNcnG OF AN EXPEI MM AL MORTAR VESSEL. -FoiRrsarorru, Friday.-A serious accident occurred today in the trial of the now indiartbber mortar raft, the invention of the Rev. Mr. Berthon, of Fareham. This raft bad been tried several times with every success, and to-day vas appointed for a final trial, the raft being ordered out to sea, off Southsea Castle, and there to fire l50 rounds of shelL She was accordingly towed oat at an early hour in the snorsling by boats belonging to the Excellent, gutnnery-ship, the mortar being a 13-nchmow r, andethe charge of powsder 20Thb., the ulsual charge for such a piece. A party of seamen, gunners from the Excepient, under the command of Lieutenant Lethbridge, of that ship, went out with the ra as did also the Rev. Mr. Berthon, the inventor. Everything went on reli till the 15th shevl-was Sired, and the concussion at this d tcharge was so 6reat as to cnase the sides of the raft to y apart, and the sank immediately. -liemrtfenant Lethobridg and the seamen gunners were of COurs imuersed in the sea, bptnwe are glad to say all rere Picked uip,w lith the exception of one of the men, -who musi hiiie sunk iofeditiely aftsr the disaster, as his body was not afaterards seent The Rev. a r. Berthon as onfthe raft dring ost of the pigctice, but heahd got into a te- nan's boat to ascertlainw thsefect of the recoil of. thimortr fom a short distance. Thc- mortar as slung on Cat ualiusoberts's principle, v;hich deprives it of a amounrtof recoil at its dischare. - the accident is bnfortuiate, as the previouis tria'is of the raft 'hidsproved it t e possess some valuable osiaities. Probablyaliittle additional strengh-*oduld olvi*±esuch Sa accident for She fuitnrS The body of the mising mar, had not been found hate this A1o }tCAls' '. EL-T hie follorinig are 'tlie nimes of thc gentle wnho 1sed their examinatiornin the acience aJod pradctc of medicine, and receivedt ccrtiflcates to DractiSe on lSiirsday. the 10thi of Janusag -BenJamaini tew 3Eet¢'re,Weetmnorland -Edwrard lenry My, 26, Bow-lne; - HennryTyrwlt Smi3t, MelWn Uowray;and Wlihiaaaray Stephens, Pljinouti
: - - . . IRMAND. (1!'R(6. OWX CORESODN) . IMIBUX, FnXDAY XOU5flTG. - * COIVBlTr EAarNA?ToIs. ; A competitive examination for the office of librariani to the Queen's College in Gavway took place in the CIastle on Tuesday and Wednesdiy. There vwere eight candidate% who were strctly ezxariined in general literature, bibliography,'cataloguing, and in history and English literature. The choice of the'examiners fell upou J&r. John Howaid Richardson, 3B.A., of Galway. He has been aecordingly appointed by Lord Carlisle, who has thus again *aiVetl his -right-of patronage, . for the better ptoTa6tion of sound eduication, and to carry out the principle of the night man for the right place. The ifolowing be11igereut correspondence ILa- passed between Mr. Pollard-lrqWiart, ILP., and Mr. George RenryMoore, 3LP., both distinguished members of the irish independent OppositiolL F-The charge and the refutation of a representative being bought up for sale by the Minister of the day, and thepromised purchase-money left unpaid, bring one backi to the most flourishing days of Parliamentary corruption " CaIlepoflard, Countv Weatmeath, Dec. 28, 1S55. "Dear Sir,-I enclose you herewith a Iag,raph containing what is saidtobe aletter fromyou,w li I ufust sai in the Lime¢,rick- }?porter of December 18, and whidi, I beieve, has been going the roumd of other papers, Asthiis letter contains expresmons concerming me derogatory tomny character, 1 am in hopes that you may be able to deny that such expressions were subscribed by you, and sent to the chaiman of the Tenant league. If you cannot do' ro, ItrustI am not appearing unreasonable in asking that if written in haste, as I see it was in sicdness, vou wiTluot hesitate to withl-aw tle epresiion tt 'Mr. PolLardUrqnh.rt 'was bought, bat not pisid for.' For, although yoti did not in-sent -the cahnlns, if the letter attributed to yom is correct, you have given it increased circulation and quali'Bed approval by adopting, it into a letter intended for pnk. licity. rem4Izain,de,r ir7 rmost obedielIt servant, "'W. POLLARD-TIRQIHART. " C-. If. Moore, i sq." "ifoorehall, Dec. 31. D"3er Sir,-I beg to acknowledge the receipt of your letter and erclosure of the 28th inzt. "I am not 'able to deny,' as you are kind enough to hope, 'thattheexpressions" towNrbichourefer 'ereiesubscribed b me,' nor 'were those espressiona used Iin haste ' as in your indulgence you seem to conceive possible. 31erertheless, youmdo 'appear'to m.e most 'unreasorable' in ssinrg that I shall withdraw Mr. Lca's opuiloiis plblished in £he :Ttb7?t a long time ao, and circulated through. Out Ireland and the Catholic woad, 'without eliciting from yoea 'word or n act tending to your own vindication. " But, as you allge that these epressious rwe derogatory to your character,' and that I hare given them ' a tn liMed approval' by quoting them in a public letter, I think it. is not unreasonable that I should explain the sense in which I understand the expressions of 'which vou complain, and which you conceive ne to have sanctioned. To such ian explana.ton you in's uwelcocne. " A:thogh yonrletter iuaplies some such sri position, you cannorealiTy believe that 3 nrr L-ca inten to-assert that you had sold yourself to any third pRrty, as men--were Supclsea of old to sell themselve-s to the Devil for a^ apeciedsumof monrey, proumised, butc nt paid.. The meaning of the llegation you mxut be well aware to be that yotx had trznsferredyour po itical services to the Governnient of the day, through hoeUs of personal advancement, position, or pastroncge, wvhich had not yet been realized. I conteive it to have meant that you *were ' bought,' in the sneie that. the Attorney and Solicitor-General for Ireland vcro 'borght,' and ' not paid for,' as those gentlemen have been paid. Whether these imputations are 'derogatory to your character' or not you must settle with your constitucnts, and not with *ae; but' wen your day o set' comes, I give you notice that I vill be at the audit, and 'ill Lve you my best assistance in placing yor political conduct -in its proper 4ghbt-on the hustings of Weatineath, and before its st and independent electors. "in the meetntune you are greatlv mistaken if yo.z 'e that Tr ill divert rie from the performance of a- pb" Uty byu , threatening ne with the ridicule of a persona'l qarrel. " Your private character I have'neither the 'wish nor, I believe, the power to damage; b7t vour pablic conduct believe to be of the very 'worst complexion; and I will continue, on every fitting occasion to speal of that public coT.- duct as 1 think it deserves. "I remain, my dear Sir, your obedient servant, H1 . IL dOOBBE. "V. Pollanl-Urquhart, Eso, Castlepoflard.i" "Castlepollard, Jan. 5. " Sir,-I beg to acknovledge the rece:pt of your letter of the 31st ult., which did not reach nse tiU the day before yesterday. Of such parts of its contents as have no reference to the subject of ny forner cosnnunication with you I shall take no notice. "Witl regard to t.e subject of that commnnication yom say that by the expression I was 'bought, but not paid fof,' which yeou hvc tdursud, It vas mneant to assert 'that I bad 'Tansferred my poli-ical servi-es to the Govermnentcf the day, through the hopes of personal advantage, poition, or patronage, which hSa not been realized..' "I now call -pon you lo substantiate, by any preo£ in your power, the truth of this assertion, to wvhich, though you had not theinerit of inventing it, you have lent the anthority of your name. " 7 think it fair to teLl you, also, that I shall publish this correspondence, that the country to which you secm to think you are fulfilling a duty may see tha' I do not q-'etly succumb to the would-be assasins of mv character, and that [ my constitient,t, before 'whoin you hav-e promised to 'place ray political conduct in its proper ligl.,' n ry look forward to the proofs whch I challengOe you to bring forward, and 37ldge therefsorof the degree of wreiaht to be attached to anyf'nture imputations thereon coming frou you. *"Ibane the honour t~sbe, Si.. "- Youar *o9st obedient scurant, "W. POLI,2DL -QUR5IT. THE FUNvDS. Three per Cent. Consols, Ss8; dito, for ac^Ount, the 7th of Februasy, S?i Q ; Nlew Three per Ca'lt. Stock, SQ dito, for account, the 7th of February, $ij ; Ban Stock, 2181. Ilidlaud Great 'Western Railw.aIy Debentures, 4.1 per cent, of 1o0!., 9-2ys ; libernian Banlk (425. paid), 13; NGational Bank of Ireland (i2l2. 13s. paid), '31; ex.- div.- Royal Bank of Irceand (10. paid), 2<i- Grand Canal Company (lOOl, paid), 37'2; lfinin? Co::in ny of Ireland (Tl. paid), for accout, l'&} 3. Iiailwa'aJ-Dublin .sird Belfast Junction (411! paid), 404. Dahlia and; Belfast Junction (o0t. panid, for acsosst). 45; Dub'in and Drogheda, PtTewz 5nixds 425!. paid), 19l%; Great Southern anld Wvesterit
UAVIVZERITY INTELLIGENCE. OXFORD, J-kN. II. Thle lJaiveisity SermnOns on Snnday next are appoinlted to beemnchlud, inw tbcooniing, by the llev. G. Blraitliwaite, of Quees CAllege, and, in the afteaoon, by the Rev. C. Keinble, of 'VJ~4ladh College. There T-illbe Latin Litany and Sermon to-enorrow at St. -lry's. The zennon will be preached by the rlev. B. L. S. Stanhope, ofA-MSoul College. Termcoummenceson a-o daay, the lI-th inst.QUNS OJCE C2-m'S COLLZGE. There -ill be an election of an £xhiubitioner on the iic'hel Foeunlation On Thursday, tle 4llth of Feorutrb. Candidates, being natives of the Pro;-ince of Cauterbury. -.re reqiictedo cal en he ?ovos with certificaties cf birth an testiacnials of character on Saturday, the 9th of Febmcary. At the smec .irne there wvil be an election of a Fitzrald 3ahiLitionter., cCaanndoindates, seing natives of ididlesx, ae rqueted o cll o th Prvost w;ith certifictee of birth ard testimonials of^ character on Satprday, the CA RIIDGE, J IN . 1L The examiination for the Moral Sciences Tripo- will begin on lJondayj Febrm7 4, at 9 o'clock amn., in the Senatehouse. The order of the e.xamination will be as follows.:3Ionday.-MIoral T-hilosoplhy. Tuesday.-Lfodern ,Riston-. (leneral Juriispnidenfce. Thursday.-Politicel Ecoomy. Law-s-of R3ngland. Feiday.-fLixed questions. COaIS--Cnl`G BACsEtLORS' MORit SNSc TePtro Any Student in Arts may be candidate for honoorl in t-ho C-omnencing Racheloss' Moral Science- Trinos of 1856 w-ho shall have passed the extroiniation required for the dlegree of B.A. after Asi Wedr.csday, 1855, vndi in thfe Leii Term, I856 have, enaered into his eleventh term at, leatst, having previouslykept nine tenns, exclusive of the term in which e was adinitted; pre7sded, however, tiat mot more than 11 tenrs ahali have pazisd after the first of the said ninO terms. AnySt-edent in Law or Medicine nay be acaud6iate for one-e in the Commencin, Bache1ors' lf[oral 'Sciences Trzios of 1ci56plio-shallhave pase the exandinatipus and kept the exercises for the degree of -.. or b -LE. fr- Xecti7elyd and in the Lent Term of 1SM0 have csfiii!d, into hsouTh Icat Term after his first t erra of residce6d; rrovided that he haa alredey heept nine te haes. bti - isAny sAudent iah be a candidate forjconousir ien thce idd S achlcorse' Moral Sciences Tnipot of 1,S;Gywho, -it the time of the cxainatio for the Cin:meucini raehelord' Moral Sciences b.ipoe in 1855, was duly qu3.f.ed in poiti of standig and other circumnstances to be a enenate- for hnd-sem.x in that ip. - ITO student of a different standing Pane be'a'fzfndinate for -bonours in either. taipei, unless he6nall have obtained per inliion fromnthe Syndicate appointed toconsider the ca.T ToestsieialSw ni thexarintation in id aLlp dlSo .ophy areo:L4-Flaq, Gogirjs, beuZi b vi., ', .Aisstctle, .~-ihbiccfin~s 2J c~ h.m Grothus l T.c.e b i.; DIr. S. CuIS45rkeC'3'aliorast -.% T. Coleidgeas., koraEst- The jsecial- zub'cects for'tel& mi~iaan(cea "Jurisprudence an;d the Przincenilest if Into uatr6bil L%Ware 3. Bacon;.~De.Aag,,.nis, b. vii. e. 3. P- dzeYsAZoM (l( id Politices PU10,fzy, b.- iiii, pi. 1 ani b. 'id- a, 8; Sir NdaiZoAf; U4allin'ns ZVropc drii ,rq tl,e 3t1'eCUeA i, 'i 'ecolmpare Ivit,i Story an ?nriz.X,otw (editelbj*.Pratt), tionInsit and teir ame, wilsn tie of tlseiequis.te
DESTRUCTION OF CHINESE FIBATES, (From the London Gae.-c of Fidaya, Jan. 11) ADMiRALTY. JAX. 10. Deapatcthes, with enclosures, of which the following are copies, have been received from Rear-Adnmual Sir James Stirling, Commander-in-Chief of Her MIajesty's ships and veasels on the East India and China station - ." Bronr<zD SUCCEFsxS AGNMST PATEs zy THE RATTLX "Winchester, at Sea, Int. 2517 N., long. 12010 E., Oct. 23, 185, "Sir,-On the 28th of My I had the honour to report -th Commander Fellowe,, of Her ajesWs stem sloop tattler, hadmado asuccsfal attack on a viratical horde ear Hongkong. and I have now the satisfaction to forward herewith reports from that zealous and attentive officer of further and more important successe. '-To the last of the operationstherein reported I venftre-to solicit the particuar atention of their ordaship for I feel awured that, while they wi deeply regret that so ianybrave men should have fMaen and suffered in the execution of the services described, they will appreciate ihy the gallantry and resolution exhibited, equallyby the oicers, seamen, and marine3, of the United States frigate owlhattan, as weU as by the officers, seamen, and marines of HMr Majesty's ships who were engaged, and will perceive that the success obtained reflects great credit on Commander illiam Abdy Fellowes6 who planned and directed the at. tack. ~ ~ ~ ~ . " Zery attention shall be givent to promote the recovery mai-providefor thecomfortef thewounded men, andto asford such of them, as mary deAre-it an early return to their native country. "I hase &c, "J. STIRLING, RearsAdmird and Commander-in-Chief. "The Secretary of the Admiralty." "'Her MajesWs Stenm-sloop Rattler, Off MiB Bay, ay 29. "'Sir,-I have the honour to inform you that I started froat Hongkong on Sunday afternoon, the 27th, and procee to the harbour of Samchow, where we arrived at daylight on Mionday, the 28th, and, with the assistance of some neighbouring fishermen and our own boats away sounding, we were enabled to get up near to where the captured lorchas were lying. Immediately we hove in sight they all weighed and ran to what to us ap- ered a river, but was a continuation of the harbour, formg ansisand. The boats were sent awayfaullyarmed, under the command of lieutenant Wrey, and, after a good deal of iring, the junks were run ashore and deserted. I ordered them by signad tobe all burnt, but, besides the recaptured lorchas, three lorchas were claimed by the Chinese we took 'with 5s,--so there were burnt, in all, sL,; brought off, five. We took four prisonsrs, one of whom was recogized as the d-chief, and one other ws wounded by a musket ball in the knee. No calualties occurred on our side. Owing to the lateness of the hour before we could secure the prires, I was obliged to remain for the night, and got out tlis morning, with avery slight touch on the gound. it' I need scarcely inform your Excellency tat, from first to last, a most gallant spirit was shown by every individual enPged, and, as the whole affitir was seen by myself, I can a"test the good behaviour of every one. Indeed, the boat attack on the five large junks on shore, which were firin heav gunLs until the boats got near, when they were deserted, was gallant in the extreme; at the same time proper caution was used in approachmng. "' The boats destroyed were as follows, averaging from SO to60 men each: "'One large junk, 14 hgeavyngas; 24, 18, and 12pounders. " 'One large junk, 12 guns; twro 2A-pounders and ten xller guns. " ' Two junks from 8teO l0 gOnS; 6, 8. and 12-pounders. " 'From 2S to 30 of their men w-ere either klled or woended. The lorchas, which were also heavily armed, &-ed on the boats, hut were soon deserted when they found our two smaUer boats coming up in their rear. t ' I have, &c., "'W. A. FELLOWES, Commander. "'His Excellency, Bear-Admiral Sir J. Stirling, Kt."' " 'H er MaiegWs steam-sloop Battler, Hongkong, June 28. "'Sir,-Since my last letter, dated Mlay 29, in which 1 informed you of a successful expedition against the pirtes at Samchow, I have had information sapplied of two more robberies having beencommitted; in the first they could not make out any English ownership or that the plundered Tessel belonged at all to Hongk-oneg so I let them alone; as tO the second, on the 4th of June r. CaldweU came off to sa; an English lorcha had been captured near St. Johns, with a very valuable cargo on board, and the informants said they had no doubt the pirates were still there. I got ,up steam instantly, and proceeded so as to arrive there at dsylight, which was done, and the boats sent into the bar. bour, where we unfortunately found only one small piratiCal boat, which was burnt. I then, from information received from a boat, went as far as Nampang, which we went completely round without seeing anything I then stood back, and managed, by lyn to durin the nifglt, to fetch into TWoo very early in the mornn of the 6th, and cruised round, as far as the shallow water would allow, without seeing anything. I then steered for the Ladrone Islands, and as we neared them observed twO large piratical boats come round a point, and ,rhen they saw us they raniin shore and deserted their boats, thecrews running awayin all directions, carrying large kundles. The boats were sent in and the vessels brought cut. I then landed the boats' crews, under the command of Mlecsrs. Wrey and Greer, to search for some of the property 'we thought we had seen them secrete. Nothing of any inportance was found on shore, but on board we found piraticalfags, mandarine and rebeL Mr. Caldwell concurring with myself that there was no doubt as to their character, they were towed out to sea, the guns thrown overboard, and the vessels burnt. I then went and looked into some more mallaa haroours arnong these islands, and, it getting dark, I thought it better to return to Hongkong, where I have reaDained up to this date without any more reports I could act on. "'I have, &c CW.A. FELLOWES, Commander, "'His ExcellencyBear-AdmiralSir3. Stirling, Commander-in-Chief.' 'Her Majesty's steamsloop Rattler, "'Sir,-Mylast Hongkong, August 6. " ' Sir-Blylast letterapprised yourExcellency of pirates being once more abroad committing depredations. Now I htAve thec honour to inform youL that it Started fromn Hongkong on the 30th ulnt after these plunderer, touching, at Yc=o for information, which led me on the 31st to look ito-all the bays for some distance to the southward of Mao; but, seeing nothing, I crossed over to the Ladrones, talng a turn round all the islands in the neighbourhood, wtth the hke want of success. Not despairing, however, of finding their haunt, I retraced my steps back to Macao, where, with the assistance of Mr. Cal& vell, late Goverment interpreter, I obtained some Chinamen who stated theyknewtheirwhereabouts. Standingaintothesouthwar As tar asTyloo I caine up with part of the ju the pirates had captured; but the pirate chief, with several armed munks, keeping in shore, where the water is shallow, prevented the ship reaching him or our shot and shell doinm him or his vessels any harns. Suspecting the pirates woula remain in their fancied security,I hastened back to Hongkong, landing the Chinamen at Macso on my way, called on his Excellency Sir John Bowring on the 2d, and, with his concurrence, had an interview with Captain M'Cluney, of the United Shtes' steam frigte Powhattan, who, on my personal application, placed a volunteer force at my disPOsal, conslting of two paddlebo2 boats and a cutter, fitted ch with a -1-pounder howitzer and manued with 66 seameneand 28 marines, under the command of lientenant I`egrlam With this additional strength and the Eaglet, a smanll Steamer drawving 7 feet of water, lent by Mr. Caldwell for the occson, I quitted Hongkong once more on the 3d in3st., with the steamer and boats in tow of the Battler, and anchored the same night as near the point on the north Side of liulan AS practicable. At daylight on the 4th all the boats of the iRattler anadthe Powhattan, manned and armed, were taken inx to'w Of the Eaglet, the depth of water not Permittinrg the Rattler to ee, the andof stood at once forKulan, which was found to bo empCty; but, looking round, a creek, apparently on the mainland Wa discovered, where the mastheads of several junks could be dstinctly seen, and about the same time a lorcha was observed to leave the creek with the evident intention of escapi; but, to prevent her doing so, I despatehed adthe B atter's Pinnace, in er ge of lieutenant Wrey, and the Fowhattan,s cutter, to endeavourto cut her Off The boats, on coming up with her, found she was in posswaion of the usual sailing letter, and the master stated he had that morning effected hisescape after being nlundered of everything of value. The Eaget soon towea the boats abreast of the creeks, the pirates as we neared firing several ineffectual gns, by way, I suppose, of defiance. We returned in exchange five 24-pounder rockets that Ihad procued before starting. These, fired from the steamer, alarmed the pirates, runmbenring in all 34 junk, crowded with guns and men, as they immediately hoisted their sails nd made for the head ofE the creek. Perceiving this, the hots pushed offinchase. Olreachin s ll an t the head of the creek the larger jank s their broadidestowards us, firing thith an xoellent direction, but the boats returning their fire with saeU and grape, ancl cIosing raPItdY amid a 81;ower of shot, ,zsade a dash, and the junks were ours, the crews taking to he water. Leaing a small pty of men in charge, the Aoata pursued the other, Who ha, with a light air, gained Ae middle of a large bay or rather lagoon which opened out .Aitcreek, and succeeded in taking many of them: A' 'ine war junkcs, mounting 130 guns of all sizes, and -'Uinlsmil junks (traders) the pir had deained,were v4vtared. ' ' We felt ourselve- obliged to born ind destroy the war ins as also two of the tradng junks; night approching #asd being a great distance from the steamer compemngn5 to do this, to prevent thema falling into improperiands. '~ This ucess, obtained from a regolgri prate f?st, was, I am sorry to say, attended witteo of ] two men klled and 11 officers and men wounded on the pert et the Americans, and three men killed and seven men 'wuded belonging to this ship, while the loss of the pirates must have been immense, for, taking the number of men in tli snc at thetimeof our opening fireto be 1,000 men, their klled, wrounded,and drowrned could not have been le. than 50 men; the shell and grpe from the boats' thi seerely, as they stood fightnXg at thei-un it t°in-ll "'Five of the junks are deserving moeM than ordinary mention, being built of very subtantialmxterial large and rooy; evidently built for war purposes, as they differed m 3wanyrespects frora trading juiks; their armament, be, sides the usual complement of spear-, mnukets, atinkpots, &c., comprised many large guns, therewecre a 68-pounder andI a ha-ge 18-pounder, not weihing less than 50 cwt. 3* 3224,'| 12, and 6-pounders; onejum had 21 guns mounted. "'sIt is impossible to speakc too highily of the American co-operating party; they were w.ith the liattleis emulating eachotherin the thickcestof the attack, It wa3aicatuingf a junk which blew up, killing two and wounding 11 of th Americans, and capsg my gig, that I witnessed the col bravery of Lieutenant toLando, United States nav, to whose timely rescue I am indebted for my life -but my wannest thanks in particular are due to ideutenant Pegzam, the American senior officer; his encUragement of the men, andycoohes3 m ich erg ohevy fire, and determiwned braverywhensurrounded bysiperseerng ana etvengeful foe, was conspicuous to all; indeed, every oficer and man belongingtotwatfrigate acquitted themselves anuF t> my s3tisfactionL "r'oWhile bestowing all due credit on our tmekican friends, cannot pass over the conduct of Mr. R. Browns. don, paymaster, n charge of the first cutter, whose boat, man a ttack on ajwek, had three men il eWand seven men wounded by stinhepot and spearse; nor that of Mr. John James, the boatswain, who gallantly attacked xhjunk in a five-oared gig with musKketry, till Iveutenant Pegrain gene. rouely cameohisaid and enabled him to take-poesesion. pieutenants Wrey and Greer, and sr. Lomaty mate, xn the pinaee returnedrfrmns their chase ofthelercha in tima to burn all the junks we h ad captured, when faobliged to retire with the ounded. I regret> forEtheirOsakes,they were not in the action, as they have always, when the oppor tonity offered, greatly distinguished themFelves "'In conclusion, eI must expresd te your Excellency my entire satisfaction with the conduct oE every one employed under me; indeed, all exhibisted on this ocaion the same gallantry and cooiness under fire thiat they did en the three formner occassons when I bad the, honour of commnanding them. . - ~~~" 'I have,&Jc. :vA - "' LLOWP3S, Commander. " 'P.S. I placed the ulse of the hospital at the dsposal of Captam.M'Cluney for the tr_atment of his wrounded, who at once accepted my offer..A.. " 'His Excellency Rear.Admiral Sir J. Stirling, Commander-in-Chief.' -, "i' LIST OF NAI?m OF MmN BELONGu;G TO HER M.A JYsTV's STEAsw sLoop RATinr uzrsm DWousDED, &-, In TIM ENGAGMEENT OF THE 4TH OF AGUsTr, 1855, wITm THE PmRATicAL Fr,xr "xAR XuLi. "' Killed.-John Massey, gunner, Royal Marine Artil lery; 'George Mlitchell, A.B.; James Silvers, carpenter's crew. "Wounded.-John Lindsay and David Lloyd, gunners. Ro Marine Artillery, burnt severely; RichardGCark, stowe, slightly wroundedl and burnt;- Jamea Ponlter, L.B., and John Eade, A.B., burnt severelty; James P'aull, hoy, 1st class, burnt badly; and Williama Robinson, gunner, Poyal Mlarine Artillery, contused head. " 'MZissig.~-William 011ff, private, Royal M£arines, sup. I 'C ' A. iEL-OWES, Comsmander.- "s' F. B. PR H D, Surgeon. "'Her MajesWs steam sloopr Rattler, Hongkong, F s~~~~~ug.6' ''LIST OF KILLED AND) WOUNDED M TE: ENGAGE- 3U--T WITI PIRATES AT KUL&5 ON THE 4TH OY AuGuST, 1855. " 'United Stated Boat Division. " 'iDled.-Joseph A. Halsey, landsman; Isaac Coe, lanan. s I Wounded.-Lieutenant Pegran, contusion of hand; iEeutenant Rolando, burn ofhiand; John Pepper, seaman, mortally (dead); B. Adamson, marine, gunshot, dangerously (dead); J. Pendergast, landsman, fracture of left clavicle and burs; Samuel M{ullard, mlarine, burn, erey severely (dead); Frederick Hommell, marine, burn, very severely; P. Wslderschmidt, marine, burn, very severely; Joshu7 Lewris, seaman, burn, very severely; William Taylor, Cantam Aft. Guard, burn, very severely; Csharles Tingwrel seaman, cutlass wound. " ' AL;BERT SCHRIVER, "'Assistant-Surgeon, United States Navy, "' United States steam-frigate Powhattan. " 'CoDv. "'W. Af dllowes, Commander Her Majesty's ship Rattler.' "TANrr-rN a REPrOT3s ROM COim&N-ER VANsir. TART OF CON CTS WITH PIRATICAL JUNKS. " Winchester, at Hongkong, Nov. 9. "Sir,-I have the pleasure to transmit herewih a report from Commander Vansittart, of Her Majesty's sloop Bitterm, detailing certain operations against pirates in the Gulf of Leotung, together with a copy of my reply to that officer in aclknowledgement of the services above referred to. " I have also the honour to forward the accompanying reports from Commander Vansittart, in relation to a later action between the Bittern and a greatly superior force of ijunks in Shiepoo Bay, on which oocasion the pirates appear to have commenced hoatilities. I also forward my reply to Commander Vansittars report upon that service; and I cannot recommend to the notice of their Lordships in terms too high the skill, gallantry, and resolution displayed by Commander Vansittart, and by the officers, seamni, and marines who were engaged. " I regret to add that succe. waS ,ot acheved .ithout serious loss, and I beg to recommend to the consideration of their Lordships the case of the family of Mr. Turner, late Miaster of the Bittern, who fell in the last named action while gallantly conducting the ships towards the pirate junks. "I1have, &c., "J. STIR G, -"ar-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief. "To the Secretary of the Admiralty. I'H I er Majesty's sloop Bittern, Woosung, Sept. 2. "'Sir,-I have the honoar to report the return this day of Her 3Majesty's sloop under my command from a successful cruise in search of the pirates referred to in paragaph 5 and enclosures of my letter of proceedings to your Excellency of the 1st of August. Bad weather and other circumstances detained us until the 7th ult., when we started from Woosang in tow of the Confucius steamer, that vessel manned and armed from the American frigate, havin, been supplied by the Chinese authorities with necessary ofclaLs pi ots, and informers. s '2. At the port of Tsing-hae-wei, near Staunton Island, the Confucius o tained information of the pirates' movements, the fleet numbering, by various accounts, from 37 to 40, including, as the Chinese said, two European vessels, with Europeans on board, had proceeded northward- this went to confirm the information I had already received of i Englishmen having joined themselves to these villains aen. I dering them vastly more formidable; soI decideprose. cute tne search, and in tow of the Pavushan followed the Confcuius round Shangtung promontory, and she having examined Wei-hmi-wei, re;oined us in Che-fou harour,which we found rudely stockaded, in preparation for the pirates; they had, however, passed on, and unfortnately the shortnessof coal obliged the Confucius to give up the chase. "' 3. Passing through Mid-Tao Strait and striking north- ward for Ross-bay in the Gulf of Leotung, at length, on.the i 18th ult., the pirates were observed in the unexplored bight northward of that bay, ending in the sizeable river vch ' leads to the city of Fuchan; the Pavushan having towed us in, we still found ourselves obliged to anchor between i two and three miles outside the pirates, in two and a half fathomsi the boats returned with soundings that rendered it deubtrut if they could be approached, although over the baa of two fathoms, at about half a mile distant from the pirate fleet, we found a hole of three fathoms, which was buoyed after dark. "I' 4. On the folowing morning the pirates, numberi% from 30 to40, includingtwo lorchaswith canvassail form two divisions, and with a leadiniwind bore down in pretty style, and opened a respectab e fire on Her Malestys sloop, which weighed and stood off to lead them out. I tacked and returned their fire, perhaps somewhat too soon, although they had already struck- the ship, and continned working their guns-with spirit , for they then began a dever mamouvre, joined their two diasions, and, running for shoal water and a reef, kept in such a position that it was necessary to yaw up to bnng our guns to hear, each time increasing our distance and improvmg their chances of cscape. Owing to the continued down-pour of rain andmisty weather, it was difficult to count the exact force opposed to us, but that Europeans served the guns of two of the largest seems highly probable; for, having obtained their range, they contnedfiring until they were disnasted and in a sinking state. As one boat was disabled another wouId take it intow, and, althoughsnrroundedwith wreck; Iwasgladto heave aback and work out of a dangerous eorner into wvhich they had led uts, without taing possession of any of their vessels; eight of their number, however, were sunk oraban- "'5. Having communicated with the authorities, on the following morning we proceeded northward to release the merchant fleets. These w- found had taken shelter high up varions streams; upwards of. 100 of them in a river leading to the city New -Chang, off which we anchored in 4ifathoms in lat. 4038 N., long. 122 0. E., e:ghtmnilesdistant from thze low entrance to the river. Betweenutwo and three miles writhin thebaristhe6eaport itself, of resetble size, with large establishments of grain. Eere we learnt the pirates had already been, and, disappointed in obtaining their calcus- iared ransom (the junks that had ventured past them having paid 1,200 dolars each, others having been burnt that had no tthe money), they seized a Chinese of no great rank, and, quartering him, sent his remains on shore in a basket to the authorities, with a threat that, unless 100,0OO dollars were immediately forthcoming, they would taeat the mandarins in the saume way. Having obtained their booty, they were loitering on the coast for merchant craft when we fell in with them. "1 '6 Turing to the southwrd and i;ewhing, vari6us corners, we came up with 13 of the feet, westwrd of MidTao Strait, and, the day being favourable, secured n-of them, which I sunk or burnt ; one- only surrende herself, was taken in and giveks over to thea uthorities atTan chow-foo; this, quiteone of the smallest, bad a ceuw of 4. The prisoners assured our interpreter that a lorchla which wasone of the number this daJ captured a white man and two ]oOtuguese, as part crew, and that they escape& to the hills on our leaving her stranded to secure others miking off with sweeps. She did not on this occasion return our fire, ,but when on shore, after having suffered severely from its effects; opened with her big-gun upoen the .eountry' people, and, clearinga Lane,, a great part of herrewgotaway,' ajed with baggage.::,, "'7. Finally, on the 30th nit., northwxra of -aunton Island,- weovertook-anotherof- thefleet, tno crew of vifhi& ust have been pre'pared to land, and, expecting au attaek by boatse;would n'ave blowntheboarders-up- for, no sooner did our shot pass throug her, han the crewrtook tou'the~ water, and, Landing with stek¢rs,madeifor the hills -'onesma remainingaft threw a firebaill.forward, and sprang ottr board isumedistely before- the esfplonon took ple Ti completed 20 out of a well-Xrovided daring fleet that we were enabled to destroy, bdes, probably, having inflicted considerable damage on many that escaped us during the tsick weather of the l9tl uIt On different occasions when tho hoats were employed they were wtder the command of the Second-ILieutenant, Mr. Brooker, Mister, Mr. Turer, vndActing-Maten Mr. Todd,cwhoo. names Isam gd to bring forward for favoulable tonsiderationt "' I have troubled your EBxcellen;cy somwihat, fully, as the strength oE the famteents of these vessels, with their crews averaging not less than 50 men each, and the appaently established fact that Europeans have joined them, provattthe extent to whichspitacy has anrsen, a the formidablo scale on idileb it is nowr conducted. Iami conmanced a merchant *essel could ondy thve escaped such - foetebyouasingxit, ad thoe f ent calms of ths season would mave redered her fate more certain, for these irates sweep wth ease threei foursknots, and, with wind fre, many of them distanced the Bitterm That they would not besitate to attadc merchantinen is ewidentfrom the vigorous ranner trhey opened and maintained their fire upon us Their gn, psixorseventol4 and upwards in each, vary from 24pounders downw7rd$; perhaps an occasional 32pounder maJybe met with, but a nice sort of medium18 is thie most common in use. This fleet, all of which is called the wvest coast build, and of from I sbouldray 90 to upwrards of 200 tons burden (excepting twvo, which seemed considerably larger), hid a hide crow's nest (said to be musket-ball proof) at the main and foremastheads, capable of sheltering men, who sling the atinkpot to a considerable distance. Vast quantities of these were found, and an almost incredible supply of anmmunition, pikes, knives, &c., on boardthose captured. "C9. Itis impossible to estimate the amoUnt of trade thrown open for the preseit, if Chinese are to be credited, fully to the value of $2,(00,000. or 43,000,000. The prisoners t:lked of 200,Q00 having been among the fleet, and assured us a considerable portion -of- it went down in the largt of their vessels, which had sustained their fire with amc spirit. It would have been well to bring awvy the heavier guns, but the delay would have cost us some of the feet. The officers saw quantities of rich furs and othbr. booty on board those vemsels which they burut. "'10. I am happy to say nori of our people were wounded ; one man only was hurt in a trifling manner ; a round shot took an awkward score between tCio and three inches deep out of the bowsprit, besides rending the spar; the carpenter tells me it can be rendered permanently secure by a fish we have prepared. "'Ihave, Jc. "' E. W. VANSITTART, Commander. "'His Excellency Rear-Admiral Sir J. Stirling, Knt.' "'Winchester, at Eongkong, Oct. 30. "'Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letter of the 5th of September, in which you report that Her Majesty's sloop under yourcommand, accompanied by the Confucius and Pavushan steamers9 the former manned and armed from the United States' frigate 3MacedoniLan, and the latteremployedbytheparties interested in the oFetof your intended expedition, and supplied - by the Chinese authorities with necessary officials, pilots, and informers, had proceeded to the head of the Gulf of Leotung, and had accomplished the capture or destrucfion of 20 junks, whose piratical outrages had for some time previously infeated the coast of China to the north o, the Yang-tse-Riang, and greatly obstrueted the legitimate channels of trade. " 'I cannot but express the satisfation I feel at your report of the gallant conduct of Lieutenant Brooler and of Messrs. Turner and Todd, nor can I allow the present occasion to pass without conveying to you the expression of my high opinion of your own personal merit in the direction of the expedition, the success of which reflects the greatest credit on all concerned, and it will afford me great pleasure to forward to the Admiralty a copy of your communication and of this reply. " ' I have, &c., "'s J. STIBRING, Rear-Admiral, 5c "c' Commander Vansittart, Her Majesty's sloop Bittern.' "' Her ajesty's sloop Bittern, Sheipoo Harbour, Sept.22. I" Sir,-It is my painful duty to report the death, at 856a.m., of Mr. Charles Turner, late master of Her Majestys sloop under my command. Being in tow of the .?avushan, Mr. Turner, on board that steamer, had successfuly piloted us into port on the 18th inst., and it was some time after, during the heat of the action, while alter- the position of the steamer, he was led to pass outside of usinto the direct line of al the piratical fire that went overthe Bittern, when he received his death wound from a round shot, which tore ay art of his right side. 'Yoar Excellen is wel awareof the loss Her MaJestys service sustains in the premature death of this valuable officer. A thorough sailor and a frst-rate master, doubtless, when represented by his commander-in-chief, his services will be favourably considered by the Lords Commnissioners of the Admiralty in awading some pension or assistance to his family. His mother, Zrs. Turner, the widow of an old lieutenant who died a retired commander, resides in Parker's-place, Exmouth, Devon, and, vith two daughters, war, I am informed, chiefly dependant on the support she received from the lamented offlcer and another sou m the merchant service. - - C ' I have; -&c., " ' E. W. VANSITTART, Commander. C CEv peelency Rear-A dmir Sir J. Stirling, Knight, Commander-in-Chief, &c.' - " ' XHer Majesty's sloop Bittern, Shanghai, Oct. 5, ' ' Sir,-I hxve the honour to report the return last evening of Her Majesty's sloop under my command from the contemplated cruise mentioned in my letter of proceedings of the 1th ult. On clearing the Yang-tse-Kiang the fol lowing day, instead of steering for N-ngpo, as intended, we were induced, by information that morning received, to make direct for Chusan, and in Tinghaiharbourfoundfive donbtfid. looking, well-armed, west-coast boats, a part of the N3igpo batch in Imperia Bay; we then learnt how a strong squadron of piratical craft had lately blockaded the island of Potoo, on which some English ladies were at the tiime, and in Sinkeamoon Channel, only a few miles distant, captured an Enlishman's boat, with European passengers, bound from hin,gpo to Potoo ; and further, that the pirates had just gone southwvard, as supposed to their favourite haunt of Sheipoo; so,hurrying across to Ningpo,we anchored offChinhae on the 15th ult., and found there the Pavushan merchant steamer, which vessel had again ceen placed at my disposal. This was most fortmuate, for the information received from the Chinese at Chusan proved correct ; the ladies were in great danger; someof their friends, with a Er. Russel, had already been taken within sight of Potoo, making the case far too urgent to await the assistance of the much hoped for steamers of wsar, and the towing power of the Pavuhn, little as it is,enabled us to pruceed to Sheipoo with more-confidence. ' 2. Taking the time of slack water, we entered the 'secure and beautiful harbour of Sheipoo by its N.E. pass, on opening which the piratical craft were seen, bearing many different banners, moored in an excellent defensive position close offthe villageof Sheipoo. with crowded decks, men at theirguns, pointed for the paSsage. I ordered 3r. Turner, the mater, who, on board the Pavushan, was towing a-head and piloting Us in, to keep her at fullest speed, and,with sail on the Bittern to the last moment, we were still exposed for more than 10 mainutes to a heavy rakinm fire before a shot was returned, and the shir, could be brongt up and sprung mto position; then we found our port bro 'des engaged atabout 500 yards with a line of 22 west coast boats, lashed head and stern, the left wing of which ws sufficiently advanced to cross their fire; this i the kept wpwith astonishingspirit for some time, and it tool more than an hour to silence them altogether; for'tunately, being much within their first range, we suffered less than might have been expected. " ' 3. On deserting their vessels the remains of the crews collected in bodies, with jinjdls, spears, and other arms, and made forheights overlookind the villa3e. Abody of 40 .or 50 tried to escape in one of their captared vesseLs. This we dismasted and drove on shore; the pirates, scrambling Up some rocks, were-seizod or destroyed by country people. Another body attempted to escape in a like boat by assing round the smaU islands opposite Sheipoo village. The Pa vushan chased her ont of the harbour and drove them on shore. On taking, possession only one of the whole 22 vessels vus found nmnjured enough to move; she had 11 guns bearing on us, which had evidently been wel served. A larger craft, pointed out tome early in the action as working 14 guns, was singled out for our best shots, and was quickly suv I cannot resist bringing to your Excellency's notice the beautiful practice and cool manaement of his gun by a young able seaman, John E. Matless who had been raised to the situation of captain of a gun, from my experience of his proficiency when exercising on a target. We removed al the T"" practicable from such of the squadron as had not been or blown up, and burnt the whole of the remains of the hulls at low water. " ' 4. The orly prize I have brought into port was saved by the pirates havinw lashed a merchant vessel on her engaged side, laden with mud, coals, &c., sunk deep enough just to admit of their firing over her. A double tier of bales of cotton on the deck completed this perfect fender and battery, through wh :s our shot could not penetrate. At shell had fred part of her upper works. Two other merchant craft moored- in like manner, hut not laden, had p roved useless as fenders. Vast quantities of powvder, stinkpots, iron-pointed rocketarrows, Ikc., were destroyed, and about 100 guns brought away, these varying from long 18-pounders downwrds; some larg=er could not bo remove d, andany were lost in v'essel sumnk or blown up.. 1From the countr-j people and a prisoner whom I have kept, As he volunte ered informAation, we learn that the fleet had tabot 200 guns, wpith about 1,000 men, chiefly Cantonese;- haloftem h ueus-to the northward, and that their thiefs had given out some days before they, expected the arrival'of a wrar brig and steamer - that it would be seeni how they, the pirates, would handle them. !"'15. On the 12th ult., the morning after the action, I landed a stnron party under the Second-Lieutenant to dis-; lodge a boy of somne 300 of the escaped -pirates that had estAblished themselves in i gorge overlookdng the town of Sheipoo, which they threatened. The Mandarns~eatly~ alarmed, - were pow'erless, and ex lained through MEr. Ititerpretei -Siniclair the iDvils. that must -bfal all honest popl in the neighbourhoDd should I1 leave these ton thenbeomeh desperate, atla_g I desired the offiCials tbein attendance to receive prisoners, and the force tmurin4; the fiirate' flank 'escaped -a fir~ of jinjals whic weL pointed down a causeway-leading into the twn an overpo-wered them-withkout any serious casualties; the excessive-heat, hLoweiver., toldl ;'-one marine has since, died from it. 'effects, and the Second ILieutenanzt lasufferin'g. -Thikstown &f Sheipoo is ;*bouta tuile further southk than the village off.- resided.' t were mored, andiri hichm~anyof thera resie(L IF ch fear-the-village is thoroughly~ pis'tiea1'; I buLt, seeng-crowds-of--ebidren,-women, and old menlabodt durig a armed examination, ragreed with Mr. Sinclair. "thtitouldbimpossibletoeAlseve!rel' ti _the doubt-,~ jd evide=6,dolloetad ; go," w.-ng_thnr ttirred who hadianything to. do with pirAtes,- we -re uired. ~-Qlea to deliver up all gUa.aui&zunitione of -war, anW Coi tinned the search of suspected spots on either sido of-the harbour. " ' 6. We received three European anchors, the smallest fitted for an iron stock, of ibout 16 cwt., without mark, and the two others of from 25 cwt. to 29 cwt. each, one marked ' Tom Bowline, Newcastle,' the other '3,185,' this latter confirming the statement of an American, Eli IL Boggs, a copy of 'v.hose deposition was enclosed in my letter" of proceedings to your Excellency of the nth ilt. Beddes three merchant vessels, we recaptured the M=gpo boat talken from Mr. Russel, but could and -nothing of tho lost rperby beyond an. usmbrella and a letter addressed to a Mrecartin, Potoo; so, with the boat in tow, 'we proceeded direct for the channel of Siukeamoon, where the outrage had taken place, and, sending armedlbosts to examine it and Potoo, saw nothing of any snore pirte craft, and learnt that the ladies, hearing the coast was clear, hadaecaped three days before, and- am hapy to say we found themthe following day in safety at Nml; indeed, necs of the complete sucCess of Her Majesty's sloop at Sheipoo had already reached the Chusanu archipelago, and, doubtless, frightened many smaller villains into good behaviour forthe time. We ahould find great aifficulty in dea with this class of boats, generallywith white sils and the Ningpo rig I examined one; the officer could flind nothing European.on board, and we had no informaxtion against her. The thiunese oefficial sent with us from N ingpo pronounced her a pirate at first-then thought her honest. Within an hour of allowin her to proceed Sshing boatsIpulledalongsideanddeclare she was a irate " '¢. IbeB to bring conspicuosly forward for your Excellency's ihvourable consideration the name of the Second. -I^ieutenant. GeorgoAC. Broker, whowasslightly'wounded ou the 18th ult., carred the heights on the following mornng, and who, besides conducting a laborious and hxzardous wvork in destroying the deserted,fLMeet of piratical, craft, thin musket range of the shore, on which some hundred of their crew had colected, was again employed in the boats in Sinkeasnoon Channel, and at Potoo on the 24th Ult. Mr. Todd,acting-mate, and the assistant-surgeon, Mr. Newton, 'were under the Second-Lieutenant on-these ocasions, anl of whom Ee speaks highly. Mr. -Interpreter Sin^lair, from Shanghai, accompanied the expedition, and was of the greatest service throughout, occasionally at personal risk; and, besides that of the seaman John E. Matlems (who wM a boy in the Excellent), it becomes me to bring forward the name of Henry Hurufeyman, Quartermaster, captain of a gun, a good and cool shot, and at whose gun the men's legs were taken offi Ile enclosedl Ilst of wounded is large, and painfully distressing to us all, as including the death of avaluable otficer-the master, already reported to your Excellency from Sheipoo Harbour, where he was buried. But, considering the number of guns bearing upon us, and the determined way the pirates served them for the urst halfhour, it is wonderful the casualties were not much more numerous. The greater part of the fire passed over us; aud the rigging, sails, 8c., were much cut up, besides 25 shot in the hull, the boomboats, foreyard, foretopsallyard, &c were shot through. "II have, &c., " ' E. W. VA-NSITTART, Commander. "'is Excellency Rear-Admiral Sir J. Stirling, Knt.' -'A IanS or MF N wnso HlAVE RCrVED WOUNDS OR tfVUTS ON BOAPD HxsR MA.JESTY'S SLooP BsrTW N ON THE 18TH1 Or SEIBMXR, 1855. " ' 3L 3 C. 20.-William Halvey, aged 25, private, ILX, wound of right leg by round shot, amputation below the knee; S. Co. 74. Thomas Ellis, aged 21, ordinary seaan, wound of left leg by round shot, amputation below the knee; B. 2dC. 22. iames Browilee, aged l5, boy2d C., wound of left leg by a splintor from round shot, amputation below the knee; 1t List. 2. Mr. Charles Turner, aged 32, master, very severe lacerated wound of right side of abdomen by a round shot-died on the 22d of September; L IMr. G. A. C. Brooker, aged 25, Lieutenant, slight splinter wound of right cheek; S. Co. 18. John Ridley, aged 26, A.B., slght contused wound of right hand; 43. John Flynn, aged 23, A.B., contusion of scrotum and testicles; B. 1 C. io. George Scott, aged 19, bcoy 1st C., slight splinter wound of right foot; Mo.- C. 5. EliRah Mordey, aged 3d corporal, A .3B , contused wound of left shin; 16. John Claw, aged 23, private, R.M., coutused wround of right heel by a shot; MLe net C. L Benjamin MattheWs, aged 42, sergeant, gson, splinter wround of scalp, bock of head. " Woun,ded On Shore.-S. Co. 72. Robert unnell, aged 32, A.B., lacerated wond of left cheek and face (slight) ; 2. Andrew Carfral, n"ed 21, ordinary seaman, contue wound of left hand (slight); S. L. W. and V. 1. Robert Livingstone, aged 22, ordinary seaman, eontused wound of fingers of left hand (slight); S. Co. 05. John Bennett, aged 28, !LB., contuson of left arm by ballet (slight); .19. Henry Fordham, aged 25, AB., wound of left foot (slight). en whoSufferedfrom the Sunwhile onshore,Sept. 19. -S. Co. 27. James James, aged 24, A.B., severe headache and fever; B. 1 C. 18. William Woodley, aged 19, boy, 1st C., severe headache and fever; S. Co. 8. Peter Pinkerton, aed 21, ordinary seaman, severe headache and fever; 1.n30. 2L George Tweedale, aged 23, private, R.L, severe headache and fever; 18. Thomas Stevens, aged 30, private R.L, very great pain of head, and fever- died on the 24th of September; 19. Jolm Wallis, aged 2i, private, IUL, severe headache and fever; S. Co. 14. Charles Wichelo, aged 24, LB., severe headache and fever. - " 'GEORGE GORDOON, Acting-Surgeon. R"W. W. VAISITTART, Commander. "'Winchester, at Hongkong, Oct. 30. "Sir,-I have the honour to acknowledge the receipt of your letters of the 22d of September and of the oth of October, in relation to your operations against the pirates in tho neighbourhood of Sheipeo ; in the oourse of which, with the aid of your well-trained and efficient ship's company, you appear to have accomplshed one of the most remarkable exploits within my knowledge. " ' It will afford me the greatest pleasure to bring to the notice of the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty your transactions abovementioned, and to point their attention to the excellent conduct of all who were engaged in the occurrences referred to, and more especially to the cases of Lieutenant Brooker and of the late lamented ar. Turner, and of Mes=s. Todd, Nrewton, and Sinclair, and of the captains of guns Matless and Hurneyian. "'The satisfaction caused by the good conduct thus evinced would indeed be without alloy if it were not accompanied by deep regret at the losses and injuries suS. tained. Although personally but little known to me, I was well aware of Ur. Turner's merits; and I trust the Admi. ralty may, with its usual liberality, consider the position in which his family are left by his death. To the other cases reported in your return of casualities I shall give my earliest attention on the arrival of the Bittern at this port, with the hope of alleviating in some small degree the fate of those severely wounded by an early transmission to their native country. "',With reference to the partwwhichfell toyour own share in these operations, it will be highly gratifying tome to bear testimony to the zeal, skill, and intrepidity you have displayed in this as well as on two previous occasions within the present year, and I feel assured their Lordships will feel as much pleasure in receiving as I shall have in communi. cating so favourable a representation of your conduct in your present command. " 'I have, &c., "J. STIRLING, "C' Rear-Admiral and Commander-in-Chief. "'Commander Vansittart, Her Majesys Sloop Bittern.' In consideration of the services mentioned in the above despatches- Commander Edvward Westby Vansittart and Commnander William AKbdy Fellowes have been promotedto the rank of Captain. i ieutenant George Augustus Ccook Brookcer has been pro. meted to the rank6 of Commander; and Mffr. John J, mes, boatswuai of the Rattler, has been advanced to the 2d Mr. Richard Brownsdon, paymaster of the Rattler; Mr. George Gordon, acting-surgeon of the Bittern; and Mr. George B. Newton, assistant-surgeon of the Bittern, have been noted for favourable consideration.
THE TRADE OF BELFAST. TO THIE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-My attention has been directed to a letter which ap. pears in Th-2 Times of yesterday, signed "Blue-Book," whichprofesses to give a satisfactory reply to my letter of the previous day, relativeto the erroneous manner in which the ard of Trade tables are arranged. It is not my usual habit to notice any anonymous correspondents ; but, as you do not publish any letters except from persons known to be respectable, I do not hesitate to violate my rule in this instance. My reply happily requires only a very few words. The t3vernment returns, as they were reported in 2Xe Tims, professed to be an account of the imports and exports, with their values, from the different ports of the united kngdom, whereas it now appears, from the explanation of " Blue Bool," that they only gave the foreign exports and imports. As well, and with equal justice, might "Blue Book" doing a trade to the extent of 100,000L at home and 5,000!. abroad, represent himself as bein' a trader to the extent of only 5,000?. as to represent the exports of Belfast at 28,0001., when they were, in reality, 9,500,000? The word "export" bears no doubtful meaning, except in official documents, and the public should therefore be placedfolly on their guard agaiustbeing led into error woan at is used in any other than the popular sense. " BlueBook " is perhaps satisfied to see the statistical departments of the Board of Trade carried on under the sane svstem as they are at present ; but I would take the libertyol reminding him " that old things are ssing avay," and that the present commercial generatlon value statistics only when they are found to be an index of truth. When they are so .they.are invaluable. I do not intend to cast any blamie whatever upon any individual or individuals in the present cas-I blame the system, and that alone; and I would take.this opportunity of seriouly urging ncon the officers of the stPtistical department, one an al, the propriety of soliciting the Government and Parlianent to sanction a complete revision of the entiro duties, with a view to making them more efScient and more in accordance with the advanced state of cominerce. I have the honour to be, Sir, Your obedient servant.- i .JOEN SE1D. T n JrlfcCorxi-Eichanxe n -BEfast, Ja 9. . dB.dy. .an. ,ll.-Admissioii& on paymeut 8aj; diXt, by seaotic1lets 239; tot'dLatot,1X
T0 THE EDITOBR Op THE TES. Sir,-The contributor to thle WYmin&er2zCveV, just pub. lished, upon the subject of Mitary Education has been pleased to make the following unfounded statement - "At the Woolwich Academy the cadets arebette.orcpared before entrance, their future advancementintheir profession depends on themselves, there is more competi tion, and so more intellectual worl is done. But here, too, where the discipline is also military, the moral state was verybad till raisdby tho rare publicschoolWtaletsandad. aDityofthehteCaptaiof the Cadetsth and cieeased on his promotion irelapse within sir months has been so notorious, that its p resent condition hag been brought by the public press under the nOtice of the authorities, as reqluring their prompt and nigorou s interposition. Parents balance the material advantages of the Ordnance Corps against the cornpting infuenus of the academy, and the more scrupulous decide ainst subjecting their sons to suh temptations." Sir, the only means I have of meeting this misstatement, and, I might add, gross invention of the anonymous author, is through your pages, and an appeal to ycur candour for the insertion of the following:- If parents have hesitated sending their boys toWooDwicTi, it has arisen from misstatements, originating in ignorance or a love of detraction, which often appears in the public press. I appeal to the Earl of Clancarty and Lord Wrottesley, whose sons have lately obtained their commissions in the Engineers with dat, and to several members of the House of Commons, whether they bave kad to regret plcing their sons at the academy, and I think the former nobleman would have hesitated if he had reason to fear the corrupting induence of the academy And I am sure the late Captain of the Cadets mnst feel ashamed of his mistaker fiend the anonymous writer for uttering such asntruths. The facts are, that in 1847, when a partial rorg2nization of the Royal MliltaryAcademytookplace, the establishment was placed under the direction of the late Mior-General Parker as Lieutenant-Governor, who died in 1851, and to that officer should be given the honour of what Las been effected, and which has been going on to the present time carrying out, and I thinl- improving upon, General Parker's good intentions, which were founded on long experience as Captain of the Cadet Company. Lieutenant-Colonel Wihmot, the late Captain of Cadets, was one instrument, and a material one, in re-establishing the discipline and good conduct of the company. But there are other sources beside5, vin, the authorities at Woolvich Academy, generally, among the officers and professors, who have contributed to the improvements elicited. - Whatever may have been the improvements of discipline effected since 1847 to the period when Lieutenant-Colonel Wilmot was promoted in 185M, those improvements have increased, and such irregularities as have occurred, are less in number and moral turpitude than when he left, which maybe proved by returns of our defaulters' books. Tha serious offences of bullying, or what may be termed tormenting juniors-not mny-may be considered the most serious; and Lord Paninure restored two whE b.a Lhenremoved for this offence, beause it did not reach moral turpitude. When the Ordnance Department was transferred to the War Department I requested an investigation into tha state of the academy, as regards the discipline, interior economy, and course of studies; but I w3s told it was not necessary. I believe now that a decision had been come to respecting its future organization,which is now to be carried out, and that several members of the House of Comrnons have been promised that a radical change would be effected as soon as practicable. Whatever changes maytake place, or be contenplated, for improving the Royal Military Academy, certainly the authorities atWoolwich bavenot thrown any obstacles in the way, and have afforded every information which will lead to it, deprecating at the same time any radical change. Unfortunately radical changes are most easilyeffected-1 use the vulgar meaning, "reversing the order of things,"'because such a change saves trouble and renders unnecessary any inquiryinto facts, and a radical change requiresno particular talent for execution. Hence we learn that Woolwich isto be wholly a practicalelass, and the education "to become special and professionaL" If you have space, Sir, in your valuable columns, perhaps you will publish the enclosed abstract of the Master-General's regulations,' now in force, of the course of studies, andmanner of giving instrme tion at the Royal Miitary Academy, and permit the world to judge how little is taught beyond what is " special and professional." But there is one essential forgotten by those who profess to improve, and by their luctbrations fancy they understand military matters, and have lost sight of-viz., the duties oE a soldier. The aptitude to command by a course of discipline and drill necessary to become an artillerit and practical gunner, and the course of drill from the recruit to the cadet capabie of taking charge of a battery before an enemy, become a work of time, and there were several young officers at Sebastopol in the last summer vwho left the academy the previous spring; and Lord Eaglan, in the assult of the 8th of June, was surprised to see beardlezs officers executing the duties in the trenches with skill andt coolness. The fact is, we are little Inmoan exceptby our peccadilloes, and which even our friends are prone to exaggerate; and our position leaves us open to the criticism of a large garrison and the opinions of the press, while the institutions at Sandhurst and Addliscombe are happily secluded from observation and remarks. Mr. HI. Drummond, the member for Surrey, complained of us to the anthorities in Pall-mall I wrote to- him and begged of him to come and see the academy and Judge for himself instead of being influenced by interested parties. He excused himself by his Parliamentary duties. And the eeditor of ouselhold Tords published an ill-natured article) on the academy, founded on old facts distant from eaclt other, I begged lr. Dickens to come and judge for himself; I have not succeeded in getting him here. The defects,, such as they are, of the Royal Military Academy, may be attributedto the patronage of the MasterGeneral. This has ceased,and the academy will be open to public competition at the termination of the present session of 1856, with the probable ages of entrance advanced, making the mfifimm- agseI6. Thisisallthatis rquired, and what may be deemed "school apprenticeship to the elementary nd abstract inquiries of pure xcience" wDll fall into disuse. And it is to be hoped that all radical changes, founded on i6norance, prejudice, and departmnental jealousy, willbepostponed unti inquiy is made into the state of the Royal Mlitary Ademy by a competent commitee of the members oE the Hoes. of Commons, forming a smailar one to that printed in June, 185. That inquiry did at jjustce to Sandhurst College, removing many rejudices, ad elciting facs of great importnoe totho fstnre imprauv ent ofmilitay education. If some influential renier shoila move thia question, I think it would be shown tkat tUe preaestt insulation of Woolwich eduction is &trimental to the' seice generally, and that an amalgation with S.ndhi, n Woolwich the upper cocM , would do more to instruct the officers of the army, aa&tounite the services nowunder one head at the Horse Qaardz, tan all the scbeme andl lucubaios of boolauskers, and teach the officers of the line that the art of gunnery and fortfication is no nystery and difficalt of acquirement. - = .If you,Zir, cou;l inspect this institution, I feel assura the isit would remove many prejudices, aafford nmck- pleasum rein iiewing the many advantages theacaeuj affords, and the care taken of the cadets in every pcit view, and in seeing how far the cnflptlnlcc~e-1b I I am. Si.our bde L n- a. a r& Iihor-f.pnarml. I I Royal Military A-demy. Wc6iwia2i J1,I( I .1 We hAiAndP*fWoQW -- ' -
ZA V wonT. COuIJT Or CRAECERY, WhTh-srET, JAN.UI (Before thc LoRD CsLxczrioat) is was the first day of Hilary Term, and the Lord Chancellor entertained the Judges, (Queen's Counsl, tc., at brealfast.athis private residence. HisLordship took his eat in court it a-uarter before 2 o?clock, accompanied by the Lords Jusices and the three Vice-Chancellors, and shortly Afterwards the several judges retired to their respective courts. SlmtoXB V. RtOMl Mr. E. T. SMITH opened this appeal from a decree of the 3fasterof the Bolls. the questions raised by it turned upon the words in the wil of persn named Lewis Rose, and were tw6 in nuber -l,Whether the personal estate of the testator was primar;r liable for the payment of his debts and funeral and testamentary expenses ; und 2, whether elegacies given by the will were to be charged in the first instance npon such persona.lty. The Master of the lolls held that the real andpcrsonal estate formed one com3non fund, and ought to be applied together. The case ws not concluded. (Befor thte LORDS JusTInCs of APPEAL.) wISAkTLEY V. P.STOW, IS rE COLLLS. Mr. CNts apie"d tothe Court that the order made bI their Lordships, g that Mr. Collins should be strac off the rolls, and which order had been acted upon s hr as concerned the Court of Chancery, though not by the conmmon law courts, should be reheard, on the ground that the amdavits which hive been since filed showed that there were circumstances which would induce this Court to rescind its order. Lord Justice Tus-N-m asked if Mfr. Collins had made restitution of the money for mnisappropriating which he had been renoved from the roll of this court ? Mr. CArsMcs replied that he had paid back to the trustees of Mr. Bestow's settlement 6007., which, for the reasons stated in the new affidavits, he showed was all he was bouid to snake good. Tord Justice KNIGHT BRUCS wishea to know from Mr. Cairns whether he had himself read the afflidvits, and was paremed to assure the Court that in his opinion. they ls2osed facts which were new and material ? Mr. CQrmss had done so, and certified the Court that the factsalleged were both new and material. L4rd Justice ENiaoT B cr.c-That being so, the Court WMll rehear the matter if my learned brother has no ob. Section, but all parties whohave suffered and the solicitor to the suitor's funa nust be served. After-some furtherdi_cussidon5 it was directed that the matter should be reheard on this day (Saturday) fortnight. - CHA&SPELL V. DAVIDON. Mr. D,ANIEL and Mr. SELwTi- moved in this cause, on behalf of the defendant, to dissolve the injunction granted b Vice-Chancellor Wood on the 6th of November, 1855. The order was to restrain the defendant, his servants, and - agents, from printing, publishing, seUing, or exposing for sale, or otherwise disposing of the song "Minnie, dear - Minnie,* or any copy thereof, or any other publication con- taining a colourable imitation of the plaintifs' song " Min. nie,"or the wordS name, title or title-page thereof, until the hearing of the cause, or until furtherorder. The learned counselstatedthattheplaintiffsca riedonbusinessunderthree rims of " Chappe and Com,any," "Cramer, Addison, and Beale," nnd Jullien and Company," and the defendant-was a music publisher in a larae way of business; that the first intimnation of the grant of the injunction was the service of the order in the month of August, although the bil was Cled in July; and, although it was proved in evidence that the plaintiffs knew of the sale of the defendant's song on the 18th of June; and, although the plaintiffis had themselves in July ser-ed upon the deendant a notice not to sell two *ther songs which were alleged to be piracies of the plain. tiffs' song, and did not in such notice make any complaint of The defendant's production, " Minne, dear Minnie.. There was some preliminary discussion whether the plaintiffs could maintain the injunction and not be required to bring an action, which for the defendant it was contended could be done, and the case went on. Mr. ROLT snd 31r. CEAPAN BARBER, for the plaintiff, said that their cae ws this-that the defendant had frauslulently repre3ented his song as that of the plaintiffs; had, in short, represented his vares as those sold by them,which, from numerous cases which had been decided, could not be permitted; that it wcas quite admitted on all hands that the air of "Minnie" was not the subject of copyright; that the Messrs. Chappell had covenanted with h. Julisento pay him 40CI, a-year for the privilege of having songs published by them sung at his concerts, which eve=y knew had attained great popularity that, pursuant to this arrange. 3ment, theplaintilEs' song of " Minnie" was sung there and attracted great notice; that Mr. Linley had been enged to write words and arrange the accompaniment; tat the ef53ct of the defendant pilacing the portrait of Madame Anna Thillon an the title page led the public to believe that it was the song of the plaintiM6, athough the defendant did not in words aUege that it *as sung by that lady; that such a course could not 3have been adopted for any prop or honest purpose, but, em the coatrary, for the frandulent purpose of misleading the pubElc- that if the plaintiffs had given the notice notto sell the other two printed songs, it didnot justify the act of the defendant, and theplaintiffs could not givethe notice as to their song because they could not obtain a copy, as the dsfendants agent said it was out of print. The learned counsel said that the title page of the defendant's ong, wmth the portrait ulpon it, did in effect lead the public to believe that it was the song which was sung by Madame Anna Thillon wuder the name of eMinnie," and published by the plaintiftl and, finally, that ths Court could dedide the question as well as any jury, and that the parties ought nottob Aput Xo the exea f a ThcirtoacsmrnPs considered that it wvas not safe to continue theinjuisction unless an action ws broulght, the ease heing erisdll yfitto besubmnitted to a jury, aud that the plnm utagree to be answferable in. damaes. lTheplsintiSffs agreed to bring the action writhin 10 days, and to oe answerable in damnages. Excecution not to issue without leave of the Court.
VICE-CMlCEL4OPS' COURTS. TA. 11 (Before Vce-Chancellor SirR. T. KJDERIsLLY.) The Court sat shorty after 2 o'clock, btlt there being no Iussinems of importance to dispose of, it rose ahnost minedi?.telJ. lBefore . -iace-Maisceor Sir J. SmTART.) This; ws the first day of Hilar Term, and the TiceChancellor took his seat on the benr abo,t 2 o'clok. Hiis Honour then disposed of several motions, but no case of general interest came before the Court. (Before Vice-O7ancdor Sir W. P. WOOD.) THE An-ICsAN. STnsns SnP COMwPANY V. SWAsW . This case was brought from chambers in consequence of a doubt as to the meaning of the word "value," occurring in the 504th section of the 17th and 18th of Victoria, cdap. 104 (the Mferchant Shipping Act). The Forerunner was built at 3Birkenhead in 185I, and had been bought by the company, an a saluation by a. Government srveyor, for 12,8971., and, being engaged on thepostal service, and a sharp-built vessel, she was insured for 10,0001. She was wrecked off the coast of Africa. The owners of cargo and the relatives of persons lost, having threatened actions the laintis 4 paid a sum -into court, and obtained an injuction torestri proceedings atlaw. In chambers a question arose as to the word value, it being contended for the defendants that, asthe vessel had been nsured for 10,0001., they were entitled to share-rateably in that sum, the com. many insisting that, as the vessel had performed eight voyages, and had rum 100,000 miles, her valuewas repretented by the sum paid into court. Mr. J.Kxrs and Mr. COLE argued the case for the deendlant. -- - Mr. AnRolt caUed the atten tion of the Court to the 504th section of the act, which was In these words.:-No owner of any sea-going ship or share therein shall-in cases where al or any of the followg events occur without his actual fault or privity (that is to zay)-L WVhere any loes of life or personal injury is caused to any person being carsied in such ship. 2 Where any damage or leos is caused to any goods, merchandise or other things whatsoever on board any suech ship. 3. Where any loss of life or ponal injury is, byreason of the improper navigation of such sea-oing ship as aforesaid, caused -to any person carrieldin any such other ship or boat. 4. Whetereany loss or damae is, by :reason of any such improper navigation of such sea-going ahip'as aforesaid, caused to any other shin or*boat, or. to any goods, merchandise, or other things whatsoever, on board any other ship or boat-be answerable in daumages to an extent beyond the alue of his ship and the freight due, or to crow due in respect of such ship during the voyge, which, a;t the time of the happening of any such events as aforesaid, is in prosecution or contracted,1or, subject to the following proviso, that is to say, that in no case where tny such liability as aforesaid is incurred in respect of 3oss of tlife or personal injury to any passenger shall the value of any such ships, and the freight thereof, be taken to be less than 151. per registered ton." The Legislatre could not have intended to fix-the value at an amount equal to that which the owner of a yacht would name, nor to that which the vessel cost, nor to that which it would (cost to Teplace the lost vessel.- They must have meant the =ezk=blie value. Mr. JAsni Was heard in reply. His Hol;oun said, he was glad to have had the case folly argued bycounsel, as he was told it was the lirst case under the particular section of the act. It appeared to him that imnder ordinary circumstances " value" must mean " value -i the market," becatLse, to say that a thing might have a yeculiar value for certain purposes, would open too wide a Tseld for inquiry. - That would be to put a fanciful value tipon the thing in question. But, independent of a fanciful walue, {here might be things whichi would hive no xnarket ivlue at all,-things which were required to carry on a particular trade, which trade-was entirely in the hands -f one person or company. In- such a case the Court would be obliged to go to some other test- of value thani market value, but suchacase was riot made out. here. The evi.ience showed that there- ws at the particular time a consieerable deman& in veeels of this Jescriptios for Govern2nent purposes, and, therefore, the market value apreared -to him to be 'the sure test. The sum at which the vessel -was insured might beonecriterionof i-slne, but wouldonly be one. If the act of Parliament had intended that "`alsiede-bould be equivalent-to as ,"the interest which the owner had in the concern," it might have said io.-The ompny liaving a contract; which they were lbound to cary on-f or a certain tinie, would naturally insnre for such a a3nt as would enable themn - to replace any vessel which was lost *ton&ce,-ind that might require a lrer as thai the real valise of the veesel for ordinary purpse Looking at all the circumstances, he thoeu t the value put Wpcusthevedbyg r.BAlly-,who-might be said to have Isae chosen by both ides, wasfair-v=, 1,v00t.
EOU2i OF QUEEM BM;C33v, W im-sMT, u. II. Af4MXU 2aknaO OerCfZ-Orq CAuzrLJL ancZ rud7ck itba;J,G' Wiamt,ani CiO TO.Mo.} AU karitbed5 of dq yeTm their Lo.bps after br akfsiting, s usial, with the Lord Chancellor, took their eats on the bench about 2 o'clock. CROSSED CHEKS. CAle-N V. 33U -, -.I Mr. ED'WlT JA<YX, Q.C., moved for a rule cXlling upon the defendantto show cause whythe verdictwhich hadbeen found in his favour should not beset aside and a new- trial paznted, upon the groud of misdirection, and also on the ground that fresh evidence had been discovered sinoe the triaL The action was in trover for the conversion of a theck for 48& 17g. lid., drawn by a Mr. G. A. Morris upon Messrs Mstermanand Co. The check when drawn by Mr. Morris was crossed in blank, thus, "- and Co.," and paid over to the plsintiff, Mr. Carlon, of the firm of Carlon and Haynes, soicitors. Mr. Carlon flled up the blank with the name of his bankers, "MIessrs. Dixon and Co.," and gave it to his clerk, Richard Bridlmore, to be paid in to the credit of thefirm. Brinorew soon after dismissed from his situation for dishonesty, and it was then discovered that he had never paic in the check as hehad been instructed to do, but had got it cashed by the defendant, who kept a publiEchouse in Fetter-lane, a house which it appeared was frequented by lawyerst clerks. Lord CAmns.LL said, it was contended, on the part of the plaintiff, that the question for the jury- was whether reasonable and proper care had been exercised by the defendant in taking the check and giving cash for it. He (Lord Campbell), however, after referring to the recent de. cisions, told the jury that the question was whether the defendant took the check bond fd4 and gave value for it and not whether the circunstances ought to have awakened guspicionin the defendant's meind. He also told thejury that the crossing of the check did not render it not negotiable. Mr. JAMsS contended that his Lordship's rcling was incorrect, and that the real question was whether the check was not taken by the defendant under circumstances which ought to have induced him to make inquiries as to the title of the holder. The plaintiff in this case had put in the name of his binkers, the 3fessrs. Dixon, and so had done everything which the maker of the check could have done for his nrotection. The learned counsel admitted that putting in the name of the banker did not restrict the negotiability of the check any more than the words "and Co." would have done; but he contended that the languge of Mr. Baron Parke in giving the judgment of the Court of Excheqaer in the case of "Bellany v. Majornlanks " showed that the defendant, before paying the check, ought to have made inquiries as to the title of the holder. The defendant was a pnblican, who kept a publichouse frequented by lawyers' clerks, and he knew Bridmore, of whom he took the check. to be a lawyer's clerk. His taldng the ceck was a voluntary act on his part, and he ought to have exercised even more care than was required of the banker on whom the checl was drawn. - Mr. Justice CROMPTON said that, when it was once admitted that the instrument was negotiable, there could not be a different rule in the case of a banker and that of any other person. The object of crossing the check was not to make it notnegotiable, but to make greater care necessary. Mr. JAxEs said that the question ought to be left to the jury. Lord CAsMPBLL said, the question was left to the jnry. If a bauker paid negligently he was not protected but it was impossible t,o make that which was payable to bearer not negotiable. Mr. JAMES then moved upon an afidavit made by Mr. Raynes, who stated that, if a new trial were granted, it could be shown that a statement made by the defendant at the last tial, that he never played at cards with Bridmore, was false. It could be shownathat Bridmorehad lost alarge sum of money to the defendant at cards, and that the check inquestionwas cashed in discharge of such debts. The learned counsel submitted that the affidavit ought to be answered, and if that should not be done the matter ought to undergo another investigstion. Lord CAMPScEr said, the affidavit did not sufciently show how these facts coild be proved at another tria, in case the Court should grant one; but the learned counsel might take time to see whether the affidavit could not be amended. In the meantime the Court would give judgment upon the point of misdirection. Mr. Justice COLERIDGE said, in his opinion there had been no misdirection. What had been put upon the check was a caution, and might cast upon a party who cashed it the necessity of showing that he had taken it bond jfde. But it could not be carried beyond that, without affecting the negotiability of the instrunment. Mr. Justice WrGssTAX waS of the same opinion. This was not the case of a hanker, but of a third person receivinga negotiable instrument. What had been put upon the check might throw upon the person who took it the onus of show. ing that he gave value for it, but no more. Mr. Justice CROMPTON was of the same opinion. He agreed with what was said by the Court of Exchequer in "Bellamy v Majoribank," that the circumstance that a check was crossed to a particular banker might be a matter for the juryto consider on the question whether a banker hadl been guailty of negligence in paying such a check. So, in this case, it was evidence that the transaction was not bond fide. But it was said that it went further, andthat the partywas bound to make inquiry as to the title of the holder. That, however, was not so, for it was impossible to make an instrament negotiable and not negotiable at the same time. Lord CMPBELL said that, after consideration, he was of opinion that his direction was correct. It was for the jury to consider whether the defendant took the check bond Jdc and gave value forit. It was clear that the ebeck was still payable to the bearer, and negotiable, and was not in the smallest degree affected by being crossed. A person could not effect an impossibility, by making a check payable to bearer and not payable to bearer at the same time. A checlr ws in this respect like a bank-note. The auestion was whether the defendant took the check- bond fide and gave value for it, and not vwhether he took it with all due care or under circumstances to awaken suspicion. He (Lord Campbell) was aware that his decision had caused some discussion and alarm, as if he had introduced a change into the law, whereas his decision was settled law, and in accordance with all the decisions in Westminster-hall, to the effect that the instrument, though crossed, was stil a negotiable instrument, but that the circumstance that it was crossed was to be considered on the question whether it was taken bondj?de and for value. Mr. JAMES said that, with the leave of the Court, the matter might stand over to cee whether the affidavit could not be amended. The learned counsel stated that Mr. Haynes had obtained his information from lawyerse clerks who did nt wiish their names to appear. Lord CAaBr sai d,thematter might stand over for the purpose named. THE QUEEN (EN PAP.TE THE TEUSTEE AMOD =EcuTORS SOCIETY) V. THE REGISTRAR OF JOfL-T_3ToCx COWPANIES. Mr. C. CLAsPu moved for a rule calling upon the Registrar of Joint-Stock Companies to show cause why a moa_d mus should not issue commmading him toprovunonally regis ter the Trastee and Executors Society. Whe learned counsel stated that all the returns rendered necessary by the Joint-StockCorapaniesActhadbeen made to theregistrarand an application was made tohimn inuovember last to register the company. He had taken timeto consider the application, and had agamn been applied to recently, vhen he informed the company that he must decline to register it, without giving any reason for his refusal, except that the company was founaed on a priniple htich he thoe u t he ought not to recognse. tie appeed to be hisuck -ith the novelt of the society and dd not approve, the policy on which it ws feunde4i L iord CjudgmEn,h said, &te registrar had notingtodo wlith Mr. CAr E said, a case in this co t,-neavly, that ef the Nationalsand Company th eme tojustia thim in so doing. He had taken time to consider his decision, and being of opinion that the society vwas of a novel kind, v;hicb, in his judgment, he ought not to regiser, he rafused the application. Lord CAMiPBEL said, the only gaston was wihether the comnpany wias within the act of Parliamnent. His Lordship then inquired whether the affidavits brought it within the act? MrCaARKsaid, certainly theydid. Lord CA uBELL said, the learned counsel, at his peril, might take a rule to show cause. Reule nsm granted. BAIL COU-RT. This being the first day of Hil Term, the Court did not sit till nearly 2 o'clock, when Ir. Justice Erle took his seat. Only motions of course were made, when the leanied judge went to chambers.
COUfT OF COMON pLEAS, Wi:Ts'sr 3AT. 11 (.11iUtmos in anco, Hior Tcrm--1 6Aftefor Lord C7ife%fJ'usi This engthe first dayof Eflary![Term, the ,Tudges breakfasted wthf the LordI Chancellor. - Their Lordships took their seats on the bench at 2 o'clockc EIAJiDA-M V. SCHWAREACXHL In this case Mr. Serjemnt BYLEs raoved to enter The verdict for the defendant or toreduce t-he damages, or for a new triaL The action was triea before the Iord Chief.Justice, ancl a verdict waz found for the plaintiff-dajnagea I04 The actionj'was brou ght on a bil of exchange for 67L. 7s. Sd. drawn by the plaintiff on the defendant, with counts for moneyv paid, never indebted, and a special coant stating thatthe bill had been endorsed over to Samuel Fox Stevens that he ha brought an action on it against t'he present defendant, anid had taken him in execution -and had diachargedhim; and t'hat'after that the bill -wa endorsedl by Stevens to the plaintM 'The defendant, it gppes.red- lived- in LoAndon, and ha a brother living in £Arig towhom Stevens owedl mnoney. On the bil being endorsed to Stvens hobrought his actionouita aganst the defendant, but agre with the defendantis brother to discbarge the defenVjton reciving credit for the amount of the bUL nUe leArgd aerjeant now submitted iha the aintitf could. not recover on the b:3L Th prio d ndis-hagedfrom hisliability, the laintiff=a subseqent endorsee coulld not recover on the bill Rule nWs grantedL TouiNSZT V. YUUIE21. ~This was an *ation tried before Mr. Tustice Crowder, at the Guidh at -the lst sittings in London, whena verdict found for the defendant. !3r. BOVrLn, Q.C., now moved to set asiae the verdict on the ounds of the improper rejection of evidence and of d ° X = =5 Y~~~~~~~hat. 'dxnMe wret reoverbl fornt invotlved a goodstioastle wfor shooting over a manor. tite fo The planti brought his action on an agreement by the defendant to sell the xsht of shooting over Strood manor, in Sussex, for an unexpired term of four years. The defendant admitted the conltract and the breachg, .anpa id 7L. d ages appinticra tpeared that, in thespringlast year t'he plitf detsdfor some shootingi Ve2in, and reeie ianswer aproposal to sell therihofsot ing for an unexpired tern of four years over s in Sussex A contract was entered into, andonteed being drawn up byth plaitiff's attorneyitureot that the defendant ba oni a ae fromM.. oeal,p porting to give him the right of shooting over his manor if he would do some repairs and supy hi ithgame. The defendant, it appeared, h3A been landseadt r ComneraUl when this leave was granted, but a difference had arisen between them. .The pernt being satisfactory, and Mr. Comral deyin tht h ha gien hedefendant, the per. misson nd efusng o rtifytheagrement, the contract was brknan h resn action brought,wothe shotingth bein coaud to Tuewoth aou h a-year. T he questio w this breach of contract, and for the expenses incrre in Rule nisi granted. fIlcut ons °Tussday,tohlOear caisecs tried lbSefore him.
COURT OF EXCEOUEsR. FRAvAY. TANq 11. - :jmt<ngs in Banco. 1 This being the first dlay of Hilary 6mYri, the Court was not opened forthe despatch of bgsiness until 2 'clock, wh the Chief Bar.on took bis seat, accompanied by Barons eAlershon Ma< 5ffdrtin nd hie ntewly appointed Bazon Brami Te Court too} a few motions, which did not gie ise to an0y Soicn.s oflegalor general interest~, and rose at healf-pasti AROIES' COULT, FRIDAY, JAY. 1L * (Before Sir T. Doisox.) This being the first session of Hlary Term, the Court was opened with the usual formalities, but there was no business calling for a report.
COUBT OF BAHKRUPXTY, BasinghwZ-stce,, Jan. 1L I1I RE T. COOKE. (Before Mr. Comm,moner Goumur.) Dxn anarup, was S cattle salesman of Petersileld. Eis exmnto ad ben on a former occasion adjourned. He 3r LE,for two creditors, opposed, and called athe owed upwards of 1,2007., and t ttthe expenditure wan greatly over the profits. They wished for another adjournment, to ascertnin, whether the bankrupt had, any reversionary interest in property settled on his wife. Mr. CmnaLy, for the bankrupt, said that the separate pro~ of the wife had been mortgaged for 2,0001., and R E J. simo-lsa Tebankup ii w,s adescriXbzedad-s a beillboker, of Bucklers- . Ih Baod appeaxed for the assignees, Mr. Iswce ao rlited baeorepthnk tha tHeamount ofd the mrortga ige. eeegaetyo Hrisndy hooar Aid;, tht questioe was whete accountsnt ahat penth frise ere thlvital ee etthdngat col bel brolcer, an to the q ouestio o f conduc,the c eti Iate pld men wo extroe r timY fortaosiedn th to calon sucidetraton. Thes ofcald athe gewol e m otuthnkengtha.etracut werctbe obt dined y (Bafore ut r. Com.lner EVN tfe carapter that them bankfruptews an a ountnt andthatte pasran there wpould, beon thdjgournment. des adn adjund excsceorpedingrly. His ef.oUR said ithe casewsiaovery bvad ne ntnl n;R IN GprE lO PEG. S The bank-rupt, wa lacstckboke, of Oxrford-stetcple ourhis Thr.g ortnsteypoed,Mr ond the s gondof recoless tradin andlecesito, en expeJond o,iture.lspasaetetrd Hsisnei Housad the case woas a vrehry btadtoe;enot ony hadss Btherbankrd misrepresente the amousntdo hiabiis drebs about hehad gonhe onslong afote heD. gnew ett wan insolvent zatind his expeanslies phadgesatld Gexeded thbpofits. Tecr protection would be granted.w The bnkrup wasa stokbroer, o W thforbaonrzaton f urtinlif plicesandGrnad bndes.wr o
CENTRz CcIMIJNiz COUR, ,r, ii., - . 1 :_ _ OLD) 0OUnt. ~ .,1- (Before Mr. Baron Mhsrn.) THE HYDE PAItK BIOTS.: The defendaiit Willi;a Bewlay, whose trial was post- poned on ThUrSday evenlng, surrendered again this mon. ing, and the case'was proceeded with. Mr. Bodkin and Ar. Clark condued the pioseution, and Mr. Ballantine, Mr. Prry, and Mr. Ietalfe were counsel for the defendant. - Mr. W. Floyd, the prosecutor oapon t'e first count of the indictment, stated that he was a, schoolmaster, and on Siunday afternoon, the lst of July, ho was in Hyde Prk be. tween 3 and 4 o'clock in the afternoon. He was standing opposite the Serpcentine and cdose to the railings5, and there was a.great crowdl behind himnand on both iidesofbhim.*Tbe police ordered him and the other persons to stand back from the rali;ng, and he observed that he could not do so on aount of the crowd. -The defendant then exclaimed "Come on; is he not satisfied?' and he and several other constablesmade a rush under the railing to force the crowd back, and. the defendant struck him, several times on the back and shoulders with his sta%f and'he was'seized hold of by the other constables, and his cot and. waistcoat -were torn. He was sure that-the defendant was the ran who assaulted him, and he exclaimed- at the time, " 20 D I shall remember you." He gave no provocation for the assault that was made upon him, and no charge s made against irn. On the following Sunday he was walking vith a gentleman in Wigmore-street, and he met the defendant and immediately reco}nized hin as the man who hadassaultedhimontheprevousgSundayinthe prk. Ho suffered for several weeks in consequence of the iniuries that were inflicted upon him, and heshad since been ficted with a fit of epilepsy, wlhih he believed was attnibutable to these inuries. The prosecutor was strictly cross-examined by Mr. BALLANTfE, but nothing was elicited in any way to shake the testimony he bad ,4ven. A zentema na3ned Horton corroborated the evidence of r. Floyd, and stated that he took down the defendant's number at the time. James Vassey, who was called to support the second countoftheindictment,saidthat he was waldng in the park in the afternoon in question when "the defendant, without any provocation, struck him on thearmand knocked him down. This witness, upon being crossamied, admitted that he had been committed to prison for getting drank and for breal ing windows, and that he haEd also been imprisoned for assaulting the police. It was with great difficulty that these facts were elicited from him, and wYhen, he was asked why he did not admit at once that he had been imprisoned with another man for assaulting the police, he said that he had " forgotten" it. He then said that he w as quite innocentof3 the offence, but the magistrates always commnitted everybody who was charged wth assaulting the police. (Ak laugh.) lMr. Borou, at the close of the eross-examination, said that he withdrew the count in the indictment referringo to this witness. Mr. BALvm,-7 in addressing the jury for the defence, said, he congratulated them that they were now nearly arrived at the end of that important epoch in the history of this country known as the "Hyde }>ark riots," and now that the people were allowedto eat anddrinkasthey pleased on the Sunnay he hoped they should hear no more of such proceedings. There could be no' doubt that a very great row had taken place in consequence of some very silly proceedings onthepart of persons who ought to have known better, and he was sure the jury, knowing what the police must havehad to put up with from such amob as was assembled in consequence of these proceedings, would make some reasonable allowance if there 3ad beenanyexcess of violence made use of. He believed that the constbles who were in the discharge of their duty to the public upon the occasion were many of them most grievously il-used and assaulted and there could be no doubt that some of them did retaiate. In all these cases some innocent persons were always the sufferers, and he was very sorry that lIr. Floyd should have received any injury upon the occasion, but his instructions were that he as enrely mistaken in supposing that the defendant was the man who assaulted him. The fact was that the defendant hinmself was most grievously assaulted by the mob. He was knocked down by a portionof a hurdle that was thrown at him; and, although he did not deny that he had used his staff during the proceedings, he did not do so upon any other occason than when he endeavoured to apprehend the man whom he believed to have assaulted him; and this was at a totally diaerent spot to that where the prosecutor represented that the assault had been commit,tedupon bum. A great many witnesses were then examined on behalf of the defendant, hut as their evidence all tended to one point it wiU be unnecessary to give it in detaiL It is only necessary to stste that it appeared to be pro-ved in the most conclusivc manner that the defendant was engaged during the whole of the afternoon in takingcharge of his men who were stationed in the carriage-drive, and itvas distinctlyurovedthathe was not absentuponany occasion except at the moment when he was knocked down by part of a hurdle that was thrown at bim, and when he attempted to apprehend tho person whom he supposed to have assaulted him. A great number of most respectable witnesses, inhabitants of Marylebone in the neighbourhood where the defendant was upon duty, also gave him a most excellent character, and it appeared that he had been for 12 years in the police, and that he had always been considered a discreet and temperate officer and had been employed at rcs and ether public assemblages on that account, and no complaint had ever been made against him, Mr. Unanx having briefly replied, 3Er. Baron btanrr proceeded to address the jury. He said that he should have almost been induced to stop the case long before, and to put to them that there was cearly a mistake, in the matter, but thathe thought he ought, in justice to the prosecutor, who apeared to- be a most respectable gentleman, to state from the bench the grounds for comning to that conclusion. There could be no doubt that the prosecutor most con. scientiously thoht that the defendant was the man who assaulted him, hut after the evidence that had been brought forward for the defence, not only that given by the police, hut that wrhich was oE a perfectly independent character, it appeared to him that there could be noB reasonable doubt that he wFas mistaken as to the identity of the defendant. At aU events, so far as theirverdictwas concerned, he must tell them now, as he had on previous occaions, that they would notbejusifled, inanycase, inreturning a verdict of guilty against anyone unless the evidence against him firmly satisfied them of his guilt, and in the present case he considered that it would beimpossible, ahter the evidence that had been adduced for the defendant, to come to any other conclusion thanthat there must, at all events, be great doubt in the matter. The jury at once returned a verdit of Not Guily. Charles 3edgett, the constable of the C division, who was convicted on Thursday, was then brought up to receive sentence. Mr. Baron IinTs, addressing hin, said that he had been convicted most properly of an assault, and he entirely concmTred in the verdict that had been delivered by the jury. A good deal had been said in the course of these proceedings with reference to the nature of the inquiry, but it appeared to him that it was a most proper one, and that it was calculated to be satisfactory to the public that the matter had been faully investigated in that court. With regard to the conduct of the defendant, he thought that it was quite without excuse. In the park there were, no doubt, great distarbance and tumult and many of the officers were assaulted, and, if violence had been used in return, there would have been some palliation; but in Park-street, where this affair occurred, it was proved that the people retreated the moment they saw the police, and there wav no excuse for violence, and yet it had been proved that the prosecator, who had nothing to do with the affair, and who stated so at the time, was most bratally assaulted, and received inuries which requred the attendance of a surgeon for more than nine weeks, and the defendant was clearly proved to have been one of the persons concerned in the infliction of those injuries. Upon these facts he and his learned brother IfMr. Justice Crow;der had taken into their most serious consideration what sentence ought to be inflicted. He was informed that inconsequence of the conviction he would undoubtedly be discharged from the police force, and this, to a man in his condition of life, would of course be a considerable punishment. Taldng thisfacttherefore into coasideration, and believing that the ends of justice had been fully answered by the inquiry that had taken place, the Court was anxious not to pass a verysevere sentence. The public would now be sat-isfied that the policewould not be permitted to nse any unnecessary violence in the execution of their duty,' and it was to be hoped that, these proceedings would have a salutary effect for the' future,- Ho then sentenced the defendant to be imprisoned fornine months, ilEW COURT. (Before ate PRcoBDEs.) At the sitting of the Court, Joseph Berridge, who was convicted in November last of sending a threatening letter to a;Elergyman residing in Norfolk, was brought up for judgmnent. The RECoRmw:R, in passing sentence, said that the prisoner was evidently laboanng under a delusion and not fit to to be at large, and he should, therefore, pass upon him the sentence which the judge before whom prisoner was tried had directed-that was, that he-be imprisoned in 2oe*pate for 18 months, and that during that time proper inques would be made into the state of the prisoner's mind. William Cor, 29,.hatter, who was tried upon Taesday withthe blind man Rickaby and his son for swindling, and " Acquitted," was aain brought up upon another ndictment, charging him with a similar offence, but no evidence being offered he wmas'cquiWed. Hendrick Pieter Moens, who was yesterday convicted of pesiury, was again brought upl. The REcoRDER said that, in consequence of the peculiar and aggravated-character of the offence he was convicted of, ho should take farther time to make inquiries beforehe passed sentence. _ - enmy 3iaYs, 31,1ockssuith, Jamesavis, 25, shoejnAker and John Bastow, 33, cabdriver, were indicted for haing housebreaking implmnsintheirpossession. Mr. 3ftcalfe prsctdand M1r. Payne and Mr. Bibton defended. The pn'oners ha been stoppea iuthe Strandbythae poliea ivith the implements upon them; and the only feature inthe cas wa, haten ofthm.ws amot igeiou cntrivance for penng~adoo frm th ousidethrughthe keyhole by urnng he ey henlef inidethehouse. Bestw ws AeuWo, ad th otersfound Guilty' Thi ened he usnes.- ht extsesion will 'be on~ [AdiVeriseement4.]-u 11What Everybody, Says Must be True.-Thi.%aying is peculia4y aplicable to beots. Henciet, whe a gcdbekappa,a it b3ecomes ta duty of anl tope, i.Tlie onil 5ued'Olnme for IMSS2j 6s d.; the `I=acteiHo'UAevfe~2s.6d.-,and "Treamutsa-Nefeok newspa edityor. One
-polC.. - Gtrnnu}i.-Heary-3ackon, cUas Spsirling, described as a dftper,of Eton, was brought up on remand before Aldermen CoPmip anld EAGsLTro, charged with felony in not surrenderng in the Court of Bankruptcy after notioe oof he adudication anda summons callT|gupon him to surrenderhaidbeenleftatUis last kinownplac ofsabode. On the former hearing of this case it was stated that the prisoner became bankrpt he arly part of53, but he absconded and carned on usiness in other parts of the country under iWferent names, until towrds the latter art of the same year, when he was arrested anaclommitte to Oiford Gaol upon a carg oE obtaininggooods under falseretence. 'He h4 xeved his term, and, the warrant for his apprehension a s afraudulent bankrupt having been lodge int the hands of the authorities in Oxford,. the prisoner was transferxed from that gaol to this court in the cusy of MItche the chief of the conttabulary in that district. A large reward had been offered forthe ?prehension of the bankrupt (the commissioner having or ered'a proseution tobe defrayed by the funds set apr fOr that purlpose, as there was nto estate to pay su exenses), and the officer was so -intent upon securing his prisoner that he resorted to t-he inhuman practice whichi has'been so lon;. discontinuecl, of putting himPr into irons, connectingthe wrists by the ordinary links withthelegs. The xesult was, that the prisoner. was so crippled when he was put in the dock that he was anable tostand on his legs, and was, therefore, accommodated vith a seat throughout the inquiry. The e-idence ven vwth regard to the non-surrender was of avery doubtfui character, inasmuch as that. the messengers from the Court of Bankruptcy were unable to prove who served the notice of the prisoner's being adjudged a bankrpt, and the witness who said he pastedthe summonstosurrender on the prisoner's shopdoor was partially contradicted by another witness, who declared most positively that the summons was pasted on the shop shutters, and not oa the door at alL MIr. Robinson, instructed by M{r. Dupree, now attended for the prosecution. Mr. Thonas Tront said, I am assistant to Mr. Stubbs, the messenger in the Court of Bankruptcy. Oa the 16th of January, 154, I went down to lton, and I saw Mr. Savacre, with whom I went to a house with the maxae of Jackson over the door. The house was all closedui, and I put a notice containng a cop of the adjudication v bankruptcy, which I produce, under the door. The notice I so served was under the seal of the Court. Mr. Henry Blundell said,-I am clerk to Mr. Stubbs. I was at the Banlkuptcy Court on the 7th of March, 1854. I have no doubt I was also present on the 1st of February, but the bankrupt did not surrender. I called him in the usuAl manner, but he did not appear. I made the foUow. ing memorandum .-" The bankrpt proclaimed," and put mny initials to it. No fuLrther time was allowed the bankrupt to surrender. Mr. JonathanCrocker said,-I carry onbusiness in Friday. street, in partnership with my brother, as Manchester and Scotch warehousemen. In November, 1853-it ws on the 23d of the month-the prisoner carme to our warehouse to makl purchases. He made a represeatation to our clerland in consequence of that he caZled again on the 25th and told me that he -was about to cormmence business at Eton, near Windsor, and that he had been mnaldng some purchases at our house, and he understood I wished to see hin on the subject. I told him I required an explanation of the representation he had made, and he then told me he was about to come into some property by the sale of some land which he inherited from his uncle. He gave me a reference to the person who, he said, had bought the land of him. I wrote to that person by post and received an answer in the same vay, apparently favourable, which induced us to let the prisonerbave the good& He told us tosend the goods to the Bul and Mouth. The goods wve so sent amounted to 2171. 2s ld. Iprovedthit amount underthe bankruptcy. Er. W. Barry said,-I am assistant-messenger in the Court of Bankruptcy. On the 18th of February, 1854, I went down to ;ton, and in the main street I saw a shop with the bankrupt's name over the door. I knockedrepeatedly at the door, but, although the blinds wereupat the windows, I could mak-e no one hear. I inquired. of several of the neighoums, and ascertained no one was in the house, and then 1 pasted the summons, calling upon the bak2rupt to surrender, upon the shutters of the door. Mr. Savacresaid,-I am the laundlord of the Adam and Eve publichouse at Eton, opposite the bankrulpt's house. On the 7th of January, 1854, the shop was closed all day, and on the following day (Sunday) I went to the back of the premises, which I found partly open, and saw in the shop a quantity of parcels, which I aterwards found contained sawdust inlstead of stock. I remember being called upnon to witness the service of the first notice, which as put under the door; but the sumpmons to surrender wras Placed upo the shutters of the shop front) -and remained there about a MIrs. Sarah Hyde ssid,-I live at Eton, and vas in the house when the prisoner took it. He carried on business there until the 7th of January, 1854, when he left altogether. Mr. Thomas Hester said,-I live at 49, High-street, Eton. Iremember the prisoner opening the shop in question. I have seen him there, and he has bought things at my shor, and I have made purchases at his shop. I saw a notice on the door, with a seal attached to it, similar to the notice produced. Mr. John Edward Tozer said,-I am a warehouseman in the firn of Messrs. Hoyle and Co., of Alderma=bury, woollen wareho0,-emen. On the 18th and 25th of November the prisoner came to our warehouse to purchae goods, and selected them to the amount of 304 Os. 10d., which he desired might be sent to the Castle and Falcon, to be forwarded to Eton. The porter delivered,them, but they have not been paid for. The =er proved the delivery of the goods, and 3Ir. Tecker, explaine that, from inquiries made since thepisoner's bankruptcy, he believed that the prisoner, after givingluis references, went down to Patcham, nd re. ceived and answered the letter of inquiry, when, in fact, no such persons as those referred to were n existence, fso that he gave himself an excellent character. The prisoner wams then comimitted for trial MEUnnBOROuGIc-iCTREET.-Richard Chalkine, a coachman in the service of a lady residing at Walthamstow, was charged with furiously driving a carriage and pair of horses, andtherebycausing personal ijury to Mr. Arthur Day, photographic artist, of 14, Piccadilly. It appearedthat on the 3d inst., about U1 o'clock at night, complainant was retarning home, accompanied by his brother and a friend, when, justastheywere crossing lower Regent's-crcus, the defendant drove up against them, and witiness was kinocked downa without a moment's notice, and severely injured. Witness bad been under the doctor's hands ever since. The defendant was drivngt at the rate of 10 miles an hour.D Corroborative evidence having been offered, the de. fendant was ordered to pay 40s& for fuLrious driving and 41. 4s. expenses The money was at once paid. The sum of 21. has been received from " E. 0. L" An aclnowledgment in the papers was requested. MARnTxom.J-Toseph Pitcher was charged with an assault upon Gosling, B, at an early hour yesterday morn g im the New-road. The case was proved. Mr. LosL observed that, in the arduous and responsible duties devolving upon the police they must be protected while keeping order-properly in the publc streets. ned 20s., or 14 dayg imprisonment. WEsTmTssmr-10& was received from "A. B.," and 2L from "E. C. L.," for the poorbox; and an acknowledgment was requested in V7i Wn7mes. Wo%lsnRS.-sTRM r.-lenry'Wiams, alad about 18 years of age, was placed before Mr. H&mmILL for final examination on the following cha of robbery:- The principal facts of tls case were pub'ished a wee' since, buLt, in justice to the pisnr it i eesr orpa that on the 20th of November Mr. Cox, a jeweller in High street, Whitechapel, momentarily left his shop in charge of his son, a boy- 2 years old, while he went upstairs, but was alarmed by an outcry from the son, who pursued some. body down the street, and on Mr. Cox getting down agaim to tne shop he missed three silver watches and seren gold chains, worth 201., from the counter. The boy did not catch the thief he had pursued, but gave such an accurate description of him that on Thursday week the prisoner was apprehended in a notoriously bad place, called George-yard, Whitedapel, and on being shown to the son was immediately identified by him as the thief, the person who stole the propety having twice come into the shop to inquire the prices of some clock', and hav- moreover been before seen by the son in that neighbourhood. The prisoner at the time earnestly protested his innocence, and, as a proof of it declared that on tle very day he was accused of steaing the watches and chains he was in- ihe HEouse of Correction Ispon another chalre. He did not pretend to any honesty- of character, but he frmmly protested his innocence of this offence. The officer who took him knew he had been imprisoned about the time the prisoner stated, but was pretty confident his sentence expired just such al'uigth of time be. fore Mr. Coes robbery as would afford an ample prtu- nity for his committing it, and, for some reason, thougt hemight be able to trace some of the property. The prisoner's earnestness made some impression upon the magistrate, who directed strict inquirie to be miade into his assertion ; and* of ther y when hewas again placed at the bar, a constable ofteHdivision, -named Child, was in attendance, and stated that he was present at this court on the 16th of last September wheoL the prisonerwas charged with pocket-pickLing, and, being sumrarily convicted of that offence, was sen- tenced to three mouths' mprisonmoent in the House of Cor-' rection, which term he underwent, and he could not,consequen%ly, have committed this robbery. I Mr Hansrm~said that it was now quite ohviu what.: ver appearance t'he cswe migt have before presented, that it was one of misaken identity, and the prisoner must be at once discharged. dr ADra i timaed hieepto sh ofdewheU toned' co= ibutitonis3 "for texorbgx - the donrsofwh. requested an acknow .yledgaent ithis per :-The Skinn ers f ro, m letherellrs'Com?ny pe r.WlIs Webb, 'one of the wardens thei fstdontin t ti courtof 101.;MsBre, two guineas;- "E C.I, " 21. and-30 tickets f6r 4 c*t. of coals eacah, from Mrr. W~. Phillis maagerof theeoil traffi of the Oxford Worcester, and Wodverbwmpton Railway, which comapany has consented tc6 carry gratuitously to town 50 tens of coal, the donation of,. ~orcestershhre noblemnan, who has directed their distribn-, tion.among,the necessitous poor of the maetrpois, and~ dgc hv, consequently, been dividedl into uspotin frtedferen[t pwolieecourts. THAM3E5.-2Lr. YAMIntxrie6~med, for the fourtli time, an inquiry respecting the inceiifiary 1ires which took. p-lace ebn the 19th, 20th, and 27th of November last, at the Dst~linii and Foreign Whamfj Lower East Smithfield. The leoWn: accused, and who was ch~arged with- attmpting to set Iiib tothe lofts, dwellinghous4. ad iarehouses of Mx. J'Aiies~ HIartley, the wisarigcr,-was& lad.of 17, named Tho'mas. LA rm3 -A well-dre edforeigner, who refued to 'gd -g ri6neand addres, wasm plced at the bar befco- WrI ELLoIrr on a chdsre of staling a portmanteau coutinizng te, jewels, and otherproperty to the aomout of 3001., tongo to Cptain Eko, an oeicer atpresent. Stionea wigt his reg=ment at-Aldershott. lYr. W. W. Young, the station-mider atthe Warlo station, attended towatec the cawe. - Eerick R ell, one of e porers at theWat.erloo-roa 7 station of the South-Weetern Bailway, deposed that m th aTivl ofthe 20 mnntes to 6 S&utham ton tin he was .1 on the pltfoxm, and sw thle lgaetaen out of the Tang andthey t -;t . e priwner wt4bere5g and.a he asa 1ugsg Witness thenwentto th e Ports. m o servedthatthereveretwopa ; nd a ortmanteau, addreed to Cptain Flood, for whalu a thereaid not appear to beaownrorclaiisant, nabc, --. consequence, eafledto * porter to ta3ke them to the30d; parceloffce. Immediately~ ater thMe portinantean war: missing, and was found in the possession of the prisoner ia a cab. Lispector Bent aid that at the point at wMich the la* D witness left off he came up, and having foumd the prisa r in the cb, in which was also the stolen portmanteau t he asked him where he came from, he el from Southampton, and said the portmanteau wa his - own. Bent obberved that if this was the case homust - have the key; but he said he hadnot. Hethen told! him he must consider himself in cusody; and on eytir the porhtanteau, he found that the direction was t;ii and had been picked up by thelast witness. From inquirie5 he made he htd no doubt that the prisoner,hearing the " porter (Russell) say that there was no owner for the port. manteau, had managed to take the direction off, and tcaledto a cabman to put it into the cab in which it was found as his property. It also appeared that the port. nantexu had been put into the van at the Parn station, addressed "Captain Flood, Ginger's Hotel, West- minster," inthetrsin wbicb arxired inIondon at 2mminutes to 6 o?clocko amd that Captain and Ml-. Flood, who wrer turning from Alderssiott Camp came by the train which arrived at the Waterloo station at half-past 6 'clock !he Captain, on seeing the portmanteau, at once recognized it as hisproperty. He had the key which fitted thelocr, and descrnbed the sVluable property which it contained, but he I could. not conveniently attend en that day. He (Bent), therefore, had to apply to his Worship for a remand of thet prisoner to a future day. The prisoner, who represelited hisdef to be a FrenchMa 7 and a native of PAris, butwhois evidentlyaGerman, waea. r cordingly remanded to afutisre day. Though he scru-ulously avoided giving his name or any account of hm to 3fr Bent, theprihiorer told one ofithe policemen that his name was Schmist, aud it is the ouiino hs vohv e himthathelsaGerinan. *in.ion of those who havet eez The half of a 5L-note has been received from "LI. 1 NL S., and a check for 10i. from "A. B." for the poorbox.
NAVAL PsrZE MONTE. (From the LondDs Gaost4 of Friday, Jan. L -) NO-ICE OF LNT;EN1ED DITRThUflON OF NAvAL P k Department of the Accountant-General of the Navy, Admiralty, Somerset House, Jan. 10. Notice is hereby given to the officers, seamen, and ma-. rines, and to all persons interested therein, that the diti- ; bution of proceeds arsing from the Bussin brigantine galiot Antoine, captured on the 21st of May, 184, by Bee aDragon, M cienne, anp iu np,rill comrence on Thursda, the 2-th of January, 1856, n the prize branch of the department of "the Accountant-General of the Navy, A&dmirA1ty, Somerset House." Agents and others persons holding powers of attorney, prize orders, sssignments, or other instruments, by virtue o£ whish they may be legally entitled to claim the share of any captor serving in the abevenanied ships, are requested to present the same at this offlice. Any offXicer, seamn, marine, or other person, who 3nay desire to receive his share from, the Coillector Qf Custoni or of InlandBevenue within the united Idngdom, is required! to intimate the saine by letter, to be addressed - " On size d Business, to the Secretary- of the-Admiraaty, london"-in - which letter his oW place of residence is to be precisey stated, as wellas the place of The nearest Collector of Cus. torns, or of InlIand Revenue, from whom it would be convenient to receive such share of prize money. The following are the shares due to an individual in .ek3 several climqes -
DE AT Ho . SME'nTAT AzAMS.-We regret toa h hLve to announce the death of the AssistantJndge. He I' ,exped on Thisday norning -at his residence, H, Hyde.2O 'rk-street, afterashort butimost severe illness -Rle %n'In, 70tyenr, and until recently appeared in robustliealtb. As cb&irnan of The sessions, and as iashtaut-judgq, the late t Meanthas lresided on the Middlesex bench for 20years, 5 'd- ' his' career there he tfied 31,400:i oners.m: Mccentriczn minner,- and so3netimes-even- undigni&ed, so D .nnich as.toincur reproach, yet he hasnIe andinrcfn^ at heat, earefil, silnstakng, and disciiminating, and his Mn acts of ,privat,e benevolenc, evelni topni9oners after sentence,e. naof~~ -few and fah- beteln." Be *as quick m nt; nd was tooapt toWthink that- every one $ onghtto seeaointaseadily as le did. Eis exertions inx ntroducingte"non-restaint" system att anAwd Aryunm'' .mll be remembered. Nor have lbi_ sqrvies in promotin the, 'Teormtio ofuveileoflidexiaciien tithout effect.. Them lat Sejeafwaofancie'nt familyn Warwickshire, an&Z ,wamito,Gnea Adatd&, -wholded at Scutari,',.fter thOd Battle of nkerinann.-ExPiM. A-. Loxbinrvr.-There is now liin at Dyrhiam- an41lAintSna widow, named Anne B!fl, he9t, age, *lio actn:fly takes in washing and does it ie l-: rcz& - -~laitei
-THBGOVERNXEN7 IN FrCE. - - 'f ouimiciur of yiesterday pubilishes n vcry prO> ainsalt 'type the following remarkable article:- ".Yhe constitntion of a people is. not only the guarantee -of its aights, the result of its civilization, and the expression -of ifihabits (nm-rs) ;-it is also the mechanism of its Gowernment .n the osms. and the details of the machinery. -of ich it is comosed. When the legislator has organ. izat t.e authorities (les pouroirs), regulated their functionzs,ldstlncd the conanecting links thuat unite t7.em,. .amd'1atarIeci the limits which separate tlem, it is on tshe"r - onis preci:ion of each of them in the genue t{l perform ance of tr.e functions of vwhich they are the ngents that depend order, activity, and unity in the process -of the adiunisitration and in tho direction of pubEic "Tiiis all-i motwit precision, which alone can give to a 'Gove;unnent all its power to do good,'.is not immnediately ibi:nd:n che constriction of a new conststnhion; there arc irveterate tra ditions which resist the most imperious anph iat: ors. of the principles which condemn them, and of the nsces,st'es vhich trensfc*ss then. Progress, ini all thiwsi, i9 -mot ataiuleft in a day; it is the Laborious and slow conquest oE perseevcrance enld tiree. However adapted a constitution mnaybe to t'ae habiits and to the interesta of the country of which i5 is the law, however evident may appear the truth of its pritr.cples, the n,ew powvers which it creates are alvways invslintari'ly draw,n into borrowin g sometluing fromn thae anciznt powlers they have replaced. Before thorouglhly underst~iiing the import2:nce they mulst derive from the funistions p.oper to them, they endeavoulr to revive the C71Slon'.s b- vwhch their predecessors had founded the authority of thaiir prerogat:.-.es. "This i.s what happ.ened with the Senate in. the appEicalioni c£f te constitution of the 15th of January, 1852. The two chkarters of 1i14 and of 1830 had made the Chlamber of Peers simnplya second Chamber of Deputiss. With a differ,ee.t ciimrn, rheir functions were nearly the same. 'Under that wsfz-r.ic the twvo Assemblies which sat at the Palais Bourbon andfahc Luxiembourg w-ere simply the double repre.,ents. fion of a Parliamentary oligarchy in two branches, one of whiic pre'ended to represent the people, the o'her i;he rafL -ocracy; but, int reality, neither thle oea nor the other corresconded either to the people, w1dich qdid rot name its deputies, or to the higher cla,sr, which did not find in Uhe peerage the rejectio- of their powver, of their traditions, and of their interces'.. Ti:o act-ual courstitution, on the pontraiy, dist;notvly separated w:hat the charters of 1814 and l830 confoutnded. It d*:ired that each of the powers which it instituted seould lhave anS indep erndent, so as to have a vuseful taslc. By givir.o to the Emlperor the authority and thec respoasibi'ity of the Government it g-ave to aU the agents charged to secon.d him, Min-isters, Counci.l of Statei Lsegislative Corps, antd Sernate. the different f unctions wshich, by as cat.enation Zs slw.ne as it is logical, allow.s each of theam, in his pteeoEpWEr and action, otkepr in public afEsirs, ani to w.ork for t.he order, greatness, and safety of the COuntry. " This constitution, 'which is less the Wmork of a msan thanl the work of exeeience and time, ordains, combines, and defines all things in the simplest manner possible. It gives lo the execv.tive row.er it.s independence and its force, byassoelatintg th:e dutty of ,,overning to the privilege of reigning. It nak.es the Ministers the direct agents of the Crovn, the htigh:est and meet honoured au.;iiliaries of the Emperor's Sovereignty. B:y their side it places the Coluncil of State to second them, to solve the diffliculties of administration, to Lix its principles, to prepar e and support the law s they propose. It gives to the Legislative Corps the vote of the laws and taxes. Firally, it concedesto the Senate the initiative, and inruszts- to it the guardianship of all the principles eand all the interests of which it is the embodiment and guna Tantee. " The int'ention of ele legislator .of 1852 is easily penslrated i n this very ;;mple mechanism, wh:ere everything is allanaged tc prouc:e harmony from which order and po-wver resultl, anmd to prevent conflicts whiich give rise to revol:alions. . Thre legL'ator of 1S52 had, in fact, a doubIe object in view.-the firat, to free the Government from Parliamentary tutchage', an! to ren.der the admlinistrationl q.uicl and easy by leaving the management of affairs e..clusively to the )hinistprs; the second, to create an independent legislative body by having it anpointed by universal suffrage, by suzing to it the most perfect liberty of discussion in the vote of the law-s and of the budget, and by not admitting any public fun'c.:on; ry into its body. Only the constitution zegulates thc right of 2mendment, and it takes from the Deputie" to give to the Senate, the right of initiative vhich .s but too frequcently the sudden inspiration of pasty spirit snd local interest. "An executive power strong enough to do good witliouit l eing impeded, a legislative powecr iundepcndente nough to be usefnl without being dangerous-vsch is the double problem w hich the constitution of 1852 proposed to itself to solve. "'Bn, -.hile tae -Mnisters, absorbed by their daily task, -re incessantly occupied with the great interests of the ronntry, and while, seonded by the Counmcil of State, they provide for all the wants of the administration and legislation, another power exercises functions exclusive of *em, znst gives to the Government the aid of its wisdom and greatexperience; thatpoweris theSenate. Therconstitution wished that there should be a bodyof men matured by GraCtice in thehighest af.^airs, having belonged, and still helonging, to the army, the magistracy, politics, diplomacy, indtstry, science, anid literature; a permanent and independent body, wvhich, in the interval of its sessions, *would have ufaicient time to trav-el through the country and gather information respecting its wants, and afterwards prepare projectsof law to mleet them. It wished that by means of this local investigtion by each of its members, with the in'uerce of his position, this body should contimually be able to enlighten the Government on the moral and material state of society. It wi-shed, in a word, that the Senate should ,ae placed so high in the constitutional hierarchy, and in a ,sort of independence towvards the other powvers and to-wards, tlle Government simply to point out vith more znthority to the Emperor's solcitude all that may contri. bute to the glory of his reign and to the progress of ci.vilizaLion. " IHas the Se.nate itself fully understood all the importsure of so high a mision? Hazs it not allowed itself, perhaps, to be dominated by the sourenirss and custons of the r.ncient Peerage? Only simiLar things must be com. pared. N;ow, there is not any analogay between these two institutions. If the Senate was only like the Peerage, a branch of the Legislative power, it would have far 'fewver prerogatives than that assembly, for it does not pos- esse, as it did, the right of discussing and voting the laws. The Chamber of Peers can remodel the laws }hy remodellingr the speeches made at the Tribune of the talais-Bourbon. But the Senate would be devoting itself to ;; fruitless labour, consequently, one without authority, bay discussing what it ias not a sight to change unless on grounds of uncecnstitutionality. Itstaskislimitedto verifying hegeeneralcharacter oftheprojets sentto it from theLegislative body in the nint of view. of the fundamental principles of which it is the guardian. Its prerogatives are not those of the Peerage; they a-e different; but they are far more 2maumerous, mose serious, more elevated. "The senate is above all things a great political and 2noral power. The legislator or 1252, in instituting it, dci mot wish to makce it the feeble image of another institution, which belongs to history. He wished to create a body suited to ths Government which he founded, and to our gosial condition such as it came forth from the French Reovolution. He gave to this body a part as elevated as it is important. Ia regular and calm timesg it lazy suggest all the great measures of public utility;t it hears the petitions of the cit izens; it examines the situation of the country; it investigates its wants; it studies the perfccting of its organization; it points out useful reformns;R proposes real improvements. In extraoraisiary times it mnay, lilce the ancient Ptarliaments, step the ruling powver wvhoa it goes astray; it watches over the s^afety of the -country. thie itegity of its territory, over the respect forthe mationa, pact, over the maintenance of all the principles aid all the interests of society. 4"That this part may stand As higL in the opinion of the *countr as it has been made important and privileged in the wifl of the author of the constitution, the ASenate has onlv to enter resolutely into the spirit of Its high missiorn ft depends upon itself to reader its leisure time more useful fhan were the Labours of the assembly whose place it occupies at the Iuxembourg. It is, moreover, with a calclated intention 'hat tbe constitution of 1852 gave it time. Time is the study, the observation, the reflection, Vie incessant investigation of everything which the moral oondition of the people requires, of its welfare, of the intereEts of agriculture, of the developments of labour and of credit, of the proscerity and saf6ty of France. Tima, for stats men, is'thae pover to seek the good, to discover it, to yrepare it. to propose it, to defend it, to accomplish it. 'i.nj. is what was wanting to Parliamentary asqemblies, t which is still wanting, and ever wll be wanting, to Mhinisters overwhehmed with so nmuiv cares andresponsibilities. What greater strength covld be giveu to an assembly which, having the right of initiation, has thc power Soacalaz aEI that is reall useful ' "Thus,to resme the description of the constitution, the Ensperor govern6 bymeans of his Ministers. These latter lave the Council of State as a vigilant fellow labourer, A full and free control is exercised by the Legisltive Corps. J'isally, by the side of the Government sits the Senate; while all the other powers and the Emperor himself are si6orbed by the isumumerable questions of each day, and by %bo immense cares of the home and foreign policr, it never AquiLsits task of observation exceptto aI Xdtoits tak of high wrbte tion over-ill the interests of society. A modeator of ie Governmentlf it becomes impetuous, and instigator if it ahimbers, it thus exercises an over active iflluence on its arci6greessthe support and cowncil of the Thro,itlbr to i,- wi'th tl:e tribute of it3 experience an1I «c sdhtos it kveiiigation, te mnesa, alwas mew, eisiwo an&de tEcghethcRatioff thpeop?c."
THE RUGELEY-POISONYG-CASME - _-BIJGELEY, Jai. lL The inquests upon the bodies respectively of 7Valter and Anne Palmer, the deceased brother and wife of William Palmer, late surgeon of this town, who hls beei committed upon the coroner's warrant, charged with-the wilful murder of WUlliam Parsons Cook, were resumed this morning in the Town-hall, here, before Mr. W. W. Ward, coroner, and a jury of 22 gentlemen, ofw hom M1r. W. FoDwke was the foreman, - - *Mr. John Smiath, of Birminghan, solicitor, imS present to: watch the case on the behalf of William Palmer), Who is suspected. of having poisoned the deceased. A. large niunber of assurance companies were also represeiited by Mr. Deane, solicitor, of London; and, as before, Mr. Ga,rdiner, solicitor, of Stafford, conducted the case for the Crov*n.-| When the jury had assembled the Coroner said that the ' inquest was adjourned because Dr.Taylor had not completed his analyses. That witness had not yet arrived, and in his absence he proposed to take the evidence which was ready as to the post mowenz examination. MIr. Smith objected to any medical testimony being taken in the absence of Dr. Taylor. The Coroner said that the evidence might be read over to Dr. Taylor when he arrived, 3r. Smith said that his reasons for making the objection were that many questions might arise in theimind of Dr. Taylor -while the evidence was being given, which might not OCcur to hinm if the depositions were simply read over to him. It was inmportant that Dr. Taylor should hear the testimony of the medical witnesses, because, upon their statement as to the appearance of the body at the time of the post mortent exarnination might arise a series of- questions as to appearancar, then observed, tending to confirm or refute any opinion which Dr. Taylor might entestain as to death. having been occasioned by poisoning or by natural causes. Mr. Deane pressed the same objection, and the coroner yielded. A.nu Rowley was theri caUled and examined byMr. Deane. -She deposed that she was a charwooman, and was for a long time freqrently employed by William Palmer. During Mrs. Palmerzs illness he frequently took broth and ,other refreshments to her out of the kitchen. Witness added-I" attended her during her illness and assisted to lay her out. There were no paticul.r appearances about the body. Mrs. Bradshawv was the only nurse in the house at the tine of Mrs. Palmer's death, and Eliza Tharme was the general servant. 31r. Thomaas Hall was the undertaker at Mrs. Palmer's fsneral, but he wass not present when the body Wras screwed down. I sawr the body again this morning, and it was the same that I saw when the coffin was first opened after it was exhuumed. It - was the body of Mrs. Anne Cross-ex.mined by Mr. Smith.-Durino the whole time of Mrs. Palmer's iUness and all the time that I inew him since he was married he appeared to live comfortably with his wvife. Tney lived very cosmfortably together. He was kind to all about him. 31r. H. S. Bergen, superintendent of police, was next sworn. He said,-I live at Icachfield. I was present at the post anorern examination which was made upon the body of ms. Palmer, first, bv Dr. Monckton, and then by Mr. Hugh Warren, the lacter on the 21st ult. Cross-examined bv Mr. Smith.-I do not know that Inspector Field wvas dowvn in this neighbourhood after Walter P'almer's death. I don't know such a person as Icspector Fie'd. It has been erroneously stated that he is now in this neighbourhood. I have been in communication -with no assurance conmpanies or their agents, except with one gentleman, who is nov, present. At this period of the examination, at about 10 o'clock, Dr. Taylor entered the hall. He was accompanied by one or two otller gentlemen, including a secretary for an assurance conipany who had been sunmmoned as a witness. Eliza Tharme, the ser-ant before referred to, next came up. On beingsw-orn she said,-I live at Cofield. I entered the service of the accused on New Year's-day in the year 18S I was general servant; and I lived vith him two years. I remember Mfrs. Palmer being taken ilL It was at 56 o'clock on a WVednesday evening, the 20th of September, 1854. She was taken with sickness the next morning. She came home from Liverpool on the Wednesday evening, having left hoxme on the previous Monday. When she came home she complained ot ilness, and said that she thought she had taken cold. She went to bed at about half-past 9 o'clock. She did not take any refreshment before she went to bed, except som,e tea at half-past 5 ; which tea I prepared. She drank two cups of tea and ate some cold meat. On the following morning I saw her between S and 9 o'clock, and she complained of being ill, but she did not know what was the matter wvith her. She was in bed. Shortly afterwards Mr. Palmer took her up a cup of tea, without milk, but with sugar, and a little dry toast. I went up afterwards to ask if she would have sonie more tea. She said she would not. She had drink the tea and had eaten a little of the toast; but she would not have any more. Between 10 and 12 o'clock I went upstairs again, and asked how she was? She said she was no better, and complained of having been sick. I saw that she had vomited; but she had not been purged. By a Juryman.-Did any one take tea with her on the previous night? witness.-No one. Did you prepare the tea at night and in the morning? Witness.-Yes. Examinatfon in chief resumed.-I did not notice anything particular mi the vomit. It was white, and was transparent, lke water. I threw it away. No one told me to do so; I did it of my own accord. After I had done so I returned into MIrs. Paime-'s bedroom, but she said nothing to me. No one else attendedherduringWednesdaybut Mr. Palmer and myself. Mrs. Bradahaw came on the following Monday. A juryman.-Did MIr. Palmer see the vomit ? Witne_s.-Yes. Did he make any renmarks ? Witness.-No. Cross-examination in chief resumed.-She continued sickc at times diring Wednesday, and, I believe, about the same on Thursday. I Prepared the tea and broth and gruel, and such like things thiat were taken up to Mrs. Palmer. On Friday the deceased continued in the same state, so far as I know-that is, iU and vomitin. I did not attend her much in the latter part of her ilness. The nurse came on the 31onday preceding her death, and the Monday after she returned frcmLiverpool, and attended upon her from that time; and after the nurse caine I scarcely went into Mlrs. Palmer's room. She was purged after she came fromLiverpool, hbut I cannot say on -what day it was. It was a day or two afterwards. Sine never complained to me of any particular pain. During -the time that I lived in her service I never-exedpt when she was confined-knew her to be ill. Mrs. Bradshaw, the nurse, then waited upon her. Mr. Palmer also waited upon the deceased, and I have known him occasionaly take her refreshments during her conifmements. During Mrrs. Palmer's last illness Dr. B.aifour was called in to see her. That was on the Sund.ay before she died. When she died I was in the house, but not hil her room. She had no fits. By Mr. Deane.-There was no other servant in the houLse hut myself; hut I wa occasionally assisted by Mrs. Rowley (a previous witness). Miss Sarah Palmer accompanied her. WVhen she left home, -I unmderstood from her that she should return on the fol Wing Wedne--1ay. Mlr. Palmer was not at home when deceased left for LiverpooL By the Coroner.-He returned on Monday evening while I was away. He went out at 6 o'cloc, on the mornmg that Mrs. Palsuer went. I don't know whether the journey was a. pre-arranged one, or whether it was suddenly conceived. Mrs. PaLier left home about 1 or half-past 1 o'clock on Monday. By Mr. Deane.-Deceased returned home on the Wednesday-on the day that she was expected. Her little boy, aged seven years on the 11th of last October, went to the station to meet her. MIr. Cooke objected that the statement that the boy went to meet his mother was not evidence, inasmuch as the vitness could not say positively that he did. He did not wish to raise any objections unnecessarily, buthe thought that it would be much better that no statement should be put upon the notes of the coroner that was not evidence. Witness.-I did not go to meet her. She walked to the house. I opened the door to her, and she was alone-- the little boy even, not being with her. She complained that I had allowed the boyto go out to meet her. lEr. Deane (to the coroner.)-lI hope you wil take down that statemesit. The Coroner declined to do so, as it was not evidence. Mr. Deane said that the statement was very important, as it bore upon the testimonsy of other witnesses. The Coroner said that he would take down any fact which might be adduced which wvas relati-:e to the case, but if they were to take down everything that was said by Mrs. Palmer, and what she did, they might sit there for an unlimited period. Mr. Smith concurred with the views of the coroner. A .Juryman.-The statement appears to me to beevidence. Tne Coroner.-Any statement made in the absence of the accured cannot be evidence against him. M1r. Deane.-But, Mr. Coroner, I think you will agree with me, and wiU inform the jury, that we are not here to take evidence as aeainsst Palmer, the deceased's husband, or any other person, but to ascertain the facts in connexion with the death of the deceased lady. The Coroner.-h, clearly. 'Mlr. Suiith.-It may be evidence of interest to an assur- ance company, but is- not of importance in the case now before the jury. Mr. Deane.-In answer to th&t I may say that there is no assurance company affected now by Mrs. Palmer's health. The only assurances that were effected have been long since The Coroner.-Go on wvith your examination, Mfr. Deane, and Iwnill take dowvn such answvers as I think necessary. Witness then continned, in reply to 31r. Deane, to reeat several statements n hich she bad made in her examination in chief, adding-Mr. Palmer slept in his deceased wife's room until the Mondaybefore her death. After Mr. Balfour,.the surgeon, cane on the Sunday, a bottle of medicine and a box of pills were sent. The bottle was about the size 'of my finger, and I saw the medicine in Mr. Palmer's hands. I prepared gruel and ten for her on Friday and Saturday; -and on one day- sago. Dr. Knight came to the deceased after Mr. Balfour came. After Mrs. Bradshaw came; she slept in the same room with the deceased. So far as I know wvith reference to the question as to whether Mrs. Palmer m,iight have got better at any period of her ilness, I say that I have heard that she got a little better after taking the medicine which Dr. Knight presnrbed on the Sunday evening. During the illness of the deceased Mra, Gorge Palmer called to see her. Mrs. Wels, from :Abbots Broinc. also called, but she wras not allowed to see her. Slie wvs itim,+e with 3Irs. Palnter, nbut during the ,time I vas wIt Mrs. p er she- had- not beford 0l2ed to : er. 4afl; theCronsr).--o yot 'think it is ansy evi- dence-whether Tom, Dick, -ox-Harry caled ? The baske woman might have caUed. Mr. Deane.-And nigh6 hvei seen her. By a juror.-How do you know; then, that they were in. tim.ate if MEr Wels never caled? .Witness.-I hare heaid it talked of. - ., Examination by MIr. Deane resuned.-Mrs. Palmer died on the Friday. When she died Mr. Palmer was in the sitting-room. The hell rang ad he went upstairs, when it and came dow;n ain almost to Liverpool did Mr. Palme ttempt to-talke liberties with you7 The Coronerz-h, zeally- lr. Smith.-I do not think, it is a proper question. It is not a moral one. - It is a most ulusual one, too-the vwitness being for the complaint. It must tend to invalidate her statement; an6dit so, I have a right to answer the question. Mr. Deane.-I regard it as important that an answer should be obtained to this question; I ask the coroner to talke it. The Coroner.-If you ask the witness a question that is likely to criminate her, Imnst say that she is not compeDled to answer it. 31r. Smith.-If my friend wduld say whether ho appears for the Crown, or for whom he appears, I should then know better what he is doing; but, if he appears for the prosecution, it is certainly the most extraordinary course that I ever knew an advocate to take with one of his own witne5ses. By his question he is seeking to bring some scandal or 'shame upon the girl, and thus to invaldate or weaken her testimony. Mr. Deane contended that the question was one which was perfectly regular, according to the law of coroner's inn9hests& To Mr. Smith's last objection he replied that if the tendenev of his question was that which Mr. Smith hinted, surely he (Mr. Smith) was not the person to conrplain. Mr. Smith.-It is irregular, that is alL I appeal to the coroner to decide this question. The Coroner.-If y6u ask me whether it is evidence, I say it is not; but if the-jury 'vish the question to be answered I should be sorry to prevent them from having the information. Mr. Smith.-I object to it as illegal; and I appeal to the jury to decide whether it is legal or not. T he Coroner appealed to the jury whether they wished to hear the answer. The jury decided in the affirmative. Mr. Smith then caled upon the coroner to exercise the authority which, as judge, he possessed in that court, and not pernit statements to be made which were not evidence. The Coroner refused to prevent the answer being obtained on account of the desire of the jury to hear it; but the witness, he said, was not obliged to answer it. Mr. Smith (to the witness).-You are not obliged to answer the quesion. Mr. Deane then pressed the witness for an answer. 'Witness.-I don't doubt but he would have taken liberties if I had given him consent. Cross-examinecJby 3Mr. Smith.-I never heard 31rs. Palmer say that she thought she was suffering from English cholera. She said that she thought she had taken cold from puttin' on thin clothes. Mr. Palmer appeared kind to his vife and to all about him. I heard of a Mr. Thiulby, a surgeon, having been caUled in, as wel as the other surgeon already namec, but I do not know that he was. I do not know excepting from hearsay, that the lady who caUed to see the deceased from Abbots Bromnley was a friend of the deceased. Sarah Palmer, the sister-in-law of the deceased, said she remembered havig accompanied the deceased to LiverpooL While there she wvas tolerably well, but on the tesday they were in Liverpoel they went into the town and came home tired, and Mrs. Palmer sat fatigued upon the sofa. When she arrived back at Rugeley (the witness continued) she sat by the fire, took some tea, and complained of being very cold. My brother, continued the witness, advised her to take some medicine and put her feet m warm water, but she declined to do so. I did not go home with her from the railway station, but left her on our way up. She told me what I have stated when I caUed on the followinag Saturday, on which day I was with her from 2 o'clock in the afternoon until S in the evening. I should say, however, that on the Tuesday evening we went to the concert, at St. George's-hall, in Liverpool, when she was dressed in a thin white dress. On the Saturday she complained of a cold in her chest, and said that she felt sore. When I left her on Saturday evening I said I would call again on the morrow. but she said that I need not hnury, my mother being ill. I saw her again on Sundayevenin and again on the next Tuesday, and that was the last time that I saw her. lVhen we went to Liverpool we intended to stay until Thursday, but came home on 'Wednesday, because the deceased felt unwelL I don't say, however, that she was ilL By 31r. Deane.-I walked up only part of the way w.ith the deceased from the railway station at Rugeley. My brother George accompanied Mrs. WiUiam Palmer from my | mother's house (which is half w;ay between the railway sta- I tion and her house), my sister having stayed at my mother's to rest herself. Mr. Smith.-I should like it to be known that the accused was a duly qualified surgeon. I klow this of a certainty, but the contrary has been stated. By Mr. Smith.-My brother used to attend as well ay prescribe for us all when we were ill. His practice wae almost confined to his own family. 31r. Smith then put quest-cns to the witness with a view to ascertain whether she knew that herbrother (the accused) was amemberof the College of Surgeons as wel as an associate of Apothecaries'-halL 3Mr. Deane.-There have been found among his papers evidence which proves that he was a dudy qualified "Wittess.-I know that my mother has had his Liploma in her possession for some time. The Coroner.-I have seen documents which give the date of his licence. The document is dated the 10th of August, 1846. Cross-examination by 3r. Smith resumed.-I know that the deceased had a life interest in some property. I don't know that it was of the yearly value of 2I00., but it ceased with her life. I should add that Mrs. Palmer was always in delicate health, and in the summer of the year of her death she was particularly so, and had gone to several watering places, with a view to establish her health. When at Buxton, together, in Augut, 185, I perceived that her tongue was exceedingly white, and I said to her " Oh, Annie!i whatever is the matter?" She replied she attributed it to a want of medicine, as during the time that she was with Mr. Dawson at Abbots Bromiley she used to take a good deal of medicine. When we left home for Liverpool it w as arranged with 3r. Palmer that we should return en the Thursday, and I don't know if we wrote to my brother to say we were coming on Wednesday. His little boy was at the station to meet us, not because he knew when we were coming, but because, as he was out walking almost every day, he might as well be at the railway station as elswhere. We were upon the railway on our journey home from. Liverpool from about half-past 12 to half-past 5 o'clock. We took lunch before we. left Liverpool and partook of cold roast beef. Mr. George Palmer sworn.-! am a solicitor, residing at Rtugeley. The deceased was the wife of my brother. I saw her on the day that she returned from L^iverpooL. She w.as then in my mother's breakfaist-room; and she seemed unwell. She remained there about 10 minutes. I walked with her as far as the Talbot Inn. I never saw her afterwards. By Mr. Smith.-During my brother's sale I heard that some papers were found at his house. Mr. Smith.-How were they disposed of? Witness.-They were disposed of by Mr. Hawkins, a juryman. 3Mr. Smith.-What! a juryman interfering? Say that again. Witness.-They were taken possession of byMr. Hlawkins, a jurymna, who got possession of the npers and handed them to Police-Inspector Crisp and 3. Gardiner, the solicitor to the prosecution. MIr. Smith.-! wishl that taken down. The Coroner.-I cannot take it downon my notes. M3r. Hawkins.I never hadthe papers. Mr. Bergen, superintendent of police.-They were taken possession of under a warrant. Mr. Gardiner desired to be permitted to make some statemeats with respect to this matter, his name having been very improperly brought before the public. Mr. Smith.-It is a mockery of common justice that a man should sit and adjudicate upon this man's trial who had taken such a part in the transaction as I wsill show MIr. HIawkins has done. The coroner is bound to exercise his judicial authority and prevent him from sitting on the TeCoroner.-That statement is quite irrelevant. MIr. Smith (to the witness).-Piave anonymous letters been written? - The Coroner.-Really, really, Mlr. Smith ! I cannot sit here and hear such questions put. I am here, with a juryf of 23 respectable and independent gentlemen, assembled to inquire into the cause of the death of Mr.Anne Palmer, and ftdon't know what anonymous letters have to do with sucha case. Mr. Smith.-Well, I think that you are right; bult c*t tamn facts should he made publie, and they shall come out. The foreman of the jury said that the question which Mlr. Smith was putting was irrelevant to the case. Mr. Smith complained of such a remark on the part of a juryman. The foreman.-! am her-e to do my duty; and I shall do it without fear, affection, or favour. 'Witness.-! would add three words. Whatever evidenco may be given before youl (the coroner), Mr. Hawkins will net retire from the jurybox and give any other verdict than one that will be against my brother. The inquiry wias here, at about 1 o'clock, adJourned for half an hour. On the resumption of the inquiry, Mr. Smith resumed his objection to Mr. Hawkins sitting as a juryman, -and desired the coroner to have him removed from the jury bench. The Coroner replied that Mr. Smith knew well that if any objection were to be made to a juryman, it ought to be mnade before the commencemont of the proceedings. He refused to accede to Mr. Smith's application. Mr. Wilam Henry TindaU was then sworn. He said that he was the assistant actnary of the Atlas Asurance Company, andheproduceda proposal-to that offloe uponthe life of the deceased Anne Palmer, made by the accused, Wliam Palmer, for 5,0001., but the office refused to accept the proposal. The applicant said that ha was interested in his wife's death to the extent of thesmnwhich he requested the office to guarantee to him. The -proposal paper contained William Palmer's signature, vouching for the correctness of its entries. It was dated the 6th of Febrary, 1834. Cross-examined by Mr. Smith.-! am not aware that other offices are sharing the expense with the Atlas Company of these Proceedings. -. Matilda Bradshaw deposed that she had known the deceased, Anne Palmer, ever since she was a very young wonan, and attended her in ,er severe illnessesas her nurse. Witness went to see her on the Monday after she returned home from iverpool, when she was in bed, and said that she thought she had tak-en a severe cold through wearing thin clothes. Deceased said that in coming from Liverpool she took something that she thought lsa. d6re her joo anid on the folloning mornmg -attempted- to-et _, bt wa&unale -bigs_dwih sickness,6 atnd that siecknew had continued. Deceased * added that ;when Dr. Knight cime he gays her iomn vwich had ddne her good, but she 'soon got ill ain. After he had' said this. in ieply tomyquestion as to what was the matter with her, she said, "-My dear Mrs. Bradshavs, -I amis lad that you are come; sit by me on the bed." Witness 'ma so, and then the accused left the room. After he hid left she said'tbat it was the sickness that exhausted. her. Thig was atll (continued, the witness) tliat I heard hor say butl am deaf. She vomited several times afferIwas vit)i her. She took gruel, tea, wine and water, and grapes ard bread..! proposed other things, but with reference to alnost everything shs siid that it would malee her siok She never complainedof any pain to me, excepting that'arising. from sickness. She was not purged much vwhile I was with her until the last. She frerlu-itly eaid that shel hoped her bowels would not trouble ':.r again, or she should soon be dead. She said thi.' the m 'rsing before her death. When she felt some lIttpl e -ausrt, ,sation in her bowels I told 31r. Palmer that her bowels had not acted, but he said that that was of no cos1equenoc. He spoke words to the effect that that vas better for her as slte took so little support. I had attended upon her un to that time, during three days and a-half, and during thl whole of that time her bowels had not been moved. They were not moved until the morning of her death. Shewvastheanpurgedseveral times, After that she appeared very, weak and very low, and as soon as her bowels were moved the sickness abated. She did not live more than three or four hours after that; and the purgimn continued up tothe time of her death. To the best of my recollection she died at about 1 o'clock in the day. By Mr. Deane.-During the time that 1. was with her Mr Palmer had no solid. food at all. I tried to persuade her to eat; but she repEed, "I cannot take anything." She said that her throat felt sore from the vomiting, which strained her throat. She complained at times of her mouth being dry. She was not particularly thirsty. The medical men who attended the deceased Were Mr. Bamford and lMr. Palmer, her husband. I gave her some medicine. It was a little mixture, but not much- I tasted it. I tasted her mixtnrpbecause I was in thd habit of doing so in attending upon sick people. She had two piUsaswell as the mixture. Idon't remember that she took more than two pills. I gave her that medicine, and only that. I saw no one else give her more. The night that she took the pils she slept more comfortably than before. This was two nights before her death. She had some effervescing draughts ; I forgot to mention that. They were given to her by Mr. Palmer, her husband. I cannot recolect bow many she took. She generally asked for the effervescing mixtures. They were given in my presence in this way; he brought some quite clear water in a glass and a spoon rith some wder in it. The glass was an ordinary tumbler, and was half fiUed with water. He put the mixture into the water, and when he stirred it wiithl a spoon it effervesced. The mixture looked like the ordinary effervescing draughts; and she frequently said that the preparation was very refreshing, and did her more good than anything else. She would take those draughts two or three times in the course of the day. She was sick in a few minutes after takin- food. She had a little port wine and water. I don'tlknow that shehad an injection. Mr. Bamford did not give me instructions to give one. I was in the room when she died. She appeared to go quite low and composed, and for some time before she begged I would not trouble her to give her anything. I did not notice anything particular in her breathing. She appeared quite sensible to thelast. She was never otherwise mght or day, during the time that I was with her. She had no convulsions or spasms. It was two or three hours before her death that she told me not to trouble lier. The last thing she took before her death was the juice of some grapes. 1 asked her to take some grapes. She said that she could not suck them, -when I replied, " I can squeeze them into a spoon." I did so, and put it into hermouth, whenshelooked at me in avery pleasing manner, and said, " Oh, that was very nice." This was before the vhichpreceded her death. No one else besides Mr. o s ee g her Thm duriete d ethats Iwvas there. sedd not give her 'inythus ~the tiniethatsh dieL H vis vth ervery -frequently-comingt into the room very often. Mrs George and Mr. Palmer came to see her in-herillness. I don't recollcot whether Mr. Thirlby called to see her. The deceased's vomit anppared a good deal like that of people who are troubled with bie. Itwas likediscoloured water of a rather yellow liue. It was thin, butnot quite so thick as gruel. Itwasnotfrothv. Shesaid nothing about the time she died except that she hoped I would not allow any strange people to coeme about her to do anythinghfor her, but do ev-en-thing myself. MLr. Palmer came up wrhen I rang the bell after Mrs. Palmer had died. He did not quite come round the bed. I slid to him,-" I fear Mrs. Palmer is dying." Hg appeared very much hlurt, and wentout into the next room and returnedagain directlv. I think- that then she was gone. Aftersheas dead I stayed with lier 20 minutes. I -went into the next room to 31r. Palmer. He appeared quite unconscious of whathadtaken place. I asked him to take a little brandy. U aon this lie eooked at me, and said he thouglht that lie had been asleep rubbed his hands, and appeared a little better. I gave him the brandy before rubbing his hands. I got the bandy from Elza, the sen ant girl, vwho brought it from downstairs. I remained a few minutes w~ith him after he had taken thb brandy, and he appeared a little better. He said, "Mrs. Brads aw, you must have Mrs. Rowley to assist you." Mrs. Rowley came upstairs immediately afterwards, as she wvas in the house at the time. Mrs Rowley and I laid ont the body. There was nothing peculiar in the appearance of the body. The limbs -ere not stiff till she was cold. By Mr. Smith.-Mr. Palmer was with her several times shortly before she died. On the day before she died she took the Sacrament in niy presence. The ordinance was administered by the Rev. Mr. Atkinson, thevicar of Rugeley. I can't say positively wvhether she said to MIr. Atkinson, "Prayforsydearhusband and mydearlittle boy,"but she did say, "Pray for my dear little boy." 3fr. Palmer appeared affectionate to his wife, and he appeared to be anxsious to do everything for her comfort that lay in his powef. When Mr. Palmer knew that his wife was dead lie w-ent very pale and seemed very much pult about, and he shed tears. Mrs. Palmer was very much of a retirinig disposition, and when Inrged her to ace MsIs. George Palnier and others she refused, and said that she could iot see any one, not even her own relations. She begged that I would not suffer any one to come. I told Mrs. Wells that oii tho night that she came. The deceased was dozing at tho tiiie. The pills that she took were to comose anid conmfort her. WVhen the Rev. Mr. Atkinson was with her lie said that lio feared that she was not able to bear his reading to her, but he hoped she would send forhim again. She then nsked him to pray for her "dear little boy," and when he wvas very much affected, and said she hoped h d live up to that. Iam not certain whetlher she mentioned her husband. I tasted the wvine anld water, for I was afraid of giving it to her too strong. I believe that I tasted everything but the effervescing draughts. Vhile I was downstairs the accused might have given somnething to the deceased, but I do not know that he did? Mr. Clarke, a juryman, here asked the wiinese whether she tasted the pils? Witness.-No. By M1r. Smith.-During her five confinements I attended her. The accused appeared 'very attentive to his wife, but did not take her anything, because I was there to do it. He was .always particular in seeing that the jellies and broth were made pleasing to his wife's palate, and was afraid that!1 should give her strengthening food too earl. She did not like sugar or butter. She took a little sugar mn her tea, but I never sawv her take any butter during her iliness. She did not like butter or salt. hlr: Smith.-My object in wishing this to be put down is to show that if the deceased's taste was accustomed to everything so plain she would have instantly discovered anything that was foreign to it. Mr. Banxford, the surgeon referred to, said that when he was called. in to the deceased he found her in bed, labouring under nausea, and so much debility, that she had great difficulty in giving him an answer. She did not appear to have vomited then. Her bowels were in a very constipated state, and did not appear to have been moved for 12 or 14 honrs. I prepared her (hesaid) two pils to be taken immediately, and in four hours after, an opening draught. This was on the Sunday. I caUed aglain the next day, and desired that Dr. Knight should be called in. I declined to prepare any more medicine tiU Dr. Knight should have met me. Dr. Knight canse and saw her in the afternoon of 31onday, and he prescribed two small pills. MIr. Palnier and the nurse were present vith Dr. Knight. The bowels were in so constipated a state that it wvas necessary to give a medicine that would act upon the bowels; but he did not write a prescription. Findingherwithafeelingofsomuch nausea, Dr. Knight thought that she would retain a ill better than anythig else. I prepared six or eight pils; but she took only one. They were made of 2.3 grains of the compound extract of colocynth, a - ri of calomei, and a little oil of carraway. Alter i had prepared the pills I took them dow n to MEr. Palmer, and they were sent upstairs. I then suggested to Mr. Palmer the accused, that she should have an injection. The iUs were to be taken every three or four hours til the towels were acted upon, but she took but one; for at this time she was rapidly sinidug. I saw her again on the next day (Tuesday) when she refused to take any sustenance. This was the last time that I saw her alive. The mixture was composed of 1 drachm of tartarate of potash, 8 grains of rhubarb, 1.A ounces of mint water, and 8 drops of sal volatile. The misixture I have in my hand is the same colour and precisely the sasiselkind of mixture as that which I made for SIs. Palmer. I will swear so, because I mix all the medicines that go out of my shop, and have done so for the last 20year I used the tartarate of potash first, then the rhubarb, in mixing up the ingredients. The tartarate of potash was a long time in dissolvmg. I could not by any accident have taken tartar emetic for tartaric of potash. I have both in my shop, but the bottles containing them are kept upon different shelves, and I never made sullch a mistake as that you suggest. The draught was to be taken four hours afcr the pills; and I am told that she threw it up immediatelyafterwards. The symptoms of the deceased were those of a persons sirkin" in an advanced state of cholera, and in my certificate as to the cause of death I made an entry to that effect. On the second day after I saw her she was in so'exhaustedastatethatshecould scarcely articulate. When I said that Dr. Knig'nt should be called in, Mr. Palmer readily. consented to it, and sent for him istantly. Dr. Knight came. I did not see that Dr. Knight wrote any prescription. Palmer paid every attention to his wifeduring the time that I was there; no nan could have been more attentive. He supported her in bed while giving her something that appeared to be barley-water or something of that kind. I don't mean Asiatic cholera, but a bilious cholera, ef which latter, in my opinion, from -the symptoms described to me, and in the state m which I found her, she died. I am still of opinion that she died of bilious cholera. Constipation freqlLently foUows powerfu purging suddenly stopped. The witness declined to give any opinion as to the general character of Palmer. This witnoss is 82 years of age. Edward Knight, physician, of Stafford, deposed-I kne* the deceased, Ann Pabner. I was caUed in to see her professionally on the 2uth of September, 1854. I saw'her after receiving a description of her disease from her husband. She was so much exhausted - that, when tI- asked lie, she could notto niyunderstandisss-describe her illness. Palmer said that heb. had had dufitressina vomiting and purging, andthatse had caughit.thc chele#a'45t fiirc ol; whereit was then the Prcv-ihsg disea She diduotr8 oitin' I-y'RA&csumt:Recbawas,,h.oqnr TreM edtg. Itbe evacated.tter. I Zttold it had lentbown aw "As far as Icould form a laddmnert upon tE&case,I thoSji .it a-severe form of English chollera-oamer colera. 1 retired with Mr. Palrmer to arobms below stairs, int recomminded that she should ta3ket inimsfdiluted prosaic aid forthe purjpse if allaying the-retchinr.- !Thtoldane it'should be idninisteretimsedbteln. I-called :L-,ain and ,she appeared 'betftQ:-When I leftt'for Stafford, 2Paliner nronlsed me thatif sLe ,got hwoi be would send for in cgaiaa. I .kneW-the deceased from S cSi4d,. and was one -or her ,guardians- In -1834- I attended Mr&. Palmier-on-acc6unt. of a'proposl-that: had een made to san asance offce. Ifound.her free from disease. From the 'testimony which was given me by the nurse of the deceased, I should'say that ber death 'was net occasioned by a poison which hasbieer namned. The symptoms appeared like those of English cholera. The inquest w^as'then adjourned. liu coine.xion with the absve matter there is now' being prosecuted at Rugeley an inquiry in which the postmaster as seriously implicated. It will be remembered that in !Thc Timnea a few days since there was reported a conversation which took place after the adjournment of the inquest. on last Wednesday week. It had reference to the contents of a letter that had heen sent from Dr. Taylor to 3Mr. Gardiner,i the solicitor for the C,rowvn in this case,, relative to the prog,ress of the analysis whiich w-as then being' made npon the stomach and ntestines of the deceased Cook.' After that conversation certain representations were made to the Secretary of State who3 immediately communicated with the PostmasterGeneral, and without the least delay two Post-office inspoectors were sent down to Rugeleyfrom 4London to investigate certain statements winch had been made to the Secretary of State. The postmaster of RuWgeley was removed temporarily from the duties of his office. The inspectors continued their inquiries, and thought the matter of so serious a nature that they caused the postmaster to be arrested and conveved before the magistrates. The magisterial inquiry commenced on Thursday and was continued yesterday, when Dr. Taylor stated.-On the 27th of November, 18&5, I received for examination a jar, containir the viscera of Mr. John Parsons Cook; they were contaied in a stone jar, sealed. On Tuesday, the. 4th of December, I received a letter from Mlr. Gardiner, solidtor, cf Rugeley, dated Rugeley, December 2, 1835, on the subject of that examination; and on Tuesday, the same day, I sent to Mr. Gardiner, in reply, a letter-written by myself, and signed by Dr. Btees and myself. The letter now producedis the letter;* it is addrissed as follow.s:-" James (,ardiner, Esq., Miessrs. I,andor and Gardiner, solicitors, Rugeley, Staffordshire." I enclosed that letter in a common adhesive envelope so addressed. I know it tohavebeenthesameletterfrom thefact of its having been written -with a particular kind of ink, which I only urse there, made by myself from oxide of croden. The esivelope was secured in the usual adhesive manner. My practice, when closing such a letter, is not only to press it dowvn, but also to feel at the sides to satisfy myself of its being securely fastened. I kept it in my possession, posted it in S;ir. Williani-street, and am as satisfied of its being securely sealed as it is possible for a man to be satisfied of any transaction in life. This was about 4 o'clock in- the afternoon; consequently in aniple time for the post of that night. Post-office Inspector.-Will you refer to the third page of that letter? Dr. Taylor.-Would it not be better to read the whole? The Chairman.-Oh, certainly, if you wish. The letter wras then handed to the clerk of the court to be copied into the depositions. Dr. Taylor.-You have made reference to the third page of that letter. There we stated tsat we had not found strychnine, prsaic acid, or any kind of opium. UTpon receiving the information which was contained in the letter of Drs. Taylor and Rees to Mr. Gardiner, Palmer sent a letter to the Coroner stating the purport of that ex- amination. The Coroner had been requested to give information with reference to the communications which he had received, but had not kept his promise, and to-day (Friday) during the interval of the adjournment, he pi-omised to attend before the magistrates wsith this view. He came into the room and left, saying that he was going to take a little refreshment in the same house (the hotel), and should be ready to be examined in 10 minutes. In order to take the coroner's evidence, Dr. Taylor's testimony was made as brief as possible; but when a miesseiwer was sent to look after the coroner, it Was found that he had returned to the Town-hall; whence he sent to say that ha could not come. The Chairman expressed a strong opinion upon this proceeding on the part of Mr. Ward, and suggested that the inquiry should be adjourned, and a summons taken out compelling the coroner's attendance at the next inquiry. This inquiry Was yesterday, and during a part of to-day, considered private. Dr. Taylor regetted that the inquiry had not been conducted more publicly, as it was one of great imuportance, tending as it did to remove all confidence on the part of the -public in the security of the Post-office as a medium of seret correspond en e. During the year he conducted 100 or 1.50 inquiries into circumstances which involved the safety or character of a very large number of persons; and thepost-officewasfor the most part the medium through which the result of his exanmination was commicated to the parties by whom he bad been emploved at a distance from London. If he could not feel satisfied thatin the postoffice his communications were safe from the perusal of other persons than those to whom they were addressed he should be greatly coufounded. The magistrate granted a summons for the appearance of the coroner, mid the iniquiry was adjourned. Wle subjoin the report by Dr. Taylor and Dr. Rees of the analvsis conducted by theta in the case of the deceased Anne Pa.lmer. This analysis will be handed in to the jury to-day (Saturday):- "On Monday, December 24, 1855, one of us (Dr. Alfred Taylor) received at the ch$ueal laboratory,Guess Hospital, fronm Inspector Ellis Crisp a box containing three wehite jSrs, se.ued and otherwise well secured, labelled 'Anne Pahlmer, Nos. 1, 2, .and 3.' "zNo. 1 containled the stomachs and duodenum "NXo. 2 contained the large and small intestines (portions) and one kidnev. ... " No. 3 contained the liver, spleen, heart, and right lung (portion). "N No. 4, a packet, containing part of the lining of the shell, placed on the lid of No. 3. " 'The seals were compared - with an entire seal sent by I Dr. Monekton. They wvere unbroken. The contents of the jars had obnionsly not been interfered wvith since they wvere |frst packed. The jars were securely locked up mintil Wednesday, December 26, when they were examined by-us: ." No. 1.-TIM SroanicAI "The coats were firm and weeU preserved, considering the length of interment. Externally they presented nothing reniarkable, except a slight yellow streak near the greater end. This had thle appearance of mnineral matter in the coats, such as night be produced by arsenic or antimony on the inside of the stomach. When the stomach was opened a highly offensive gas escaped. There vw ere no liquid or solid contents, but a thin pasty-looking substance,? of a coffeebrowvn colour, was spread over the whole of the lining membralne. The whole quantity of this pasty matter on the surface of the stomach was estimated at about half a teaspoonful. The lining membrane presented slight patehes of redness; but there was no ulceration, perforation, or o-ganic disese of the stomach. "No. 2.-LAP.GE A.nD SMrAL L'rESrryS. "The duodenum, part of the ileum, coecumn, and rectum, or lower bowel, were examined. They presented no appearance of disease. The small itestines were empty, but covered on the inside with a thin brownish coloured substance. The iiuer coat of the rectum, or lower boawel, was covered with a deep orange-red substance closely adhering to it. On removiDg this substance there was no appearance of ulceration on the surface, or of any disease. The intestines were, compasti-iely spealkng, well preserved, like the stomach. "d re kidney enclosed in than jar was minutely examined, and found to be quite healthy. "No. 3.-Tan la-ER, Lu3 GS, HEART, Ann SPLEEx. These organs were found to be in a healthy condition. They had undergone some changes as the result of putrefaction. The gall bladder contained bile, which was thickened to the consistency of a browfn paste. The cavities of the heart were empty; the valves were firm and free from disease. The lungs and spleen wrere softened from putrefaction, but they presented no appearance of disease. " CHflCAL ANALYIS. "A chymical analysis, directed to the detection of mineralandvegetablepoisons, wasmade of the following parts- "L TaE IlRnows PASTY Cos-rTsNrS OF TrE ST0oarCIL "They were found to -contain, in rathei large quantity, a preparation of antimony. A very minute portion of arsenic was also detected; but as arsenic was not found deposited in the visocra, andis an occasional impurity in ordinary tartar emetic, we consider that the presence of this poison in the stomach of deceased may have been owing to sach impurity. There was no trace of anyother poison. "2. The coats of the stomach were examined, and yielded antimony. "3. the large and smal intestines contained antimony. " 4. The orange-red deposit on the rectum or lower bowel was removed and separately examine Antimony w6as found in this, in larger proportion than in the stomach or other parts of the boy. Theeolomr of this substance was found to be owfing to the partial conversion of the mineral to oxysulplsuret of antimony, as a result of putrefaction. The coats of the rectum also yielded antimony. "5. The thicklened bile, removed fromthe gall-bladder and separately tested, geldedi antimony in a propobrtion nearlyss large as that foundin the rectum. "6. About twvo ounces of the liver yielded antimony in well maTked quantity. " 7. The spleen contained antimony, but in a smaller proportion than the liver. " 8. The kidney contained a small quanti of antimon. " 9. Antimnony was detected in the sub{stance of tIe hieart. " 10.- Antimony was also detected in the- substhnce of the lungs, but in smaller pioportion than in the other viscera. "fl. The drainings of the jars Nos. 2 and 3, consistinm chiefly of blood, were tested, and found to contain anti- A poion of the lning of the shell and part of the dress otdeceased were examined. They yielded no trace of antimony or of any mineral poison. " In-this investigation' 15 different analyses 'were made, occupying us:from tels 26th to the 31st of December. No other poison but antimony was' detected in any part of '-the body. The conclusions' at-which we have artived from this analysis and examination are as follows - - X" That al-paits of the body of deceased examined by us contained antimony. Iw the stomach and intestines the alitimony w as partly in a soluble form, while in thle liver heart, spleen; idney, and lungs it had been deposited as a r'esult Of absorption during life. -"2. The largest quantity 'of bntimony 'ras-found 'in the 'r&tum ne.xt inl the stomtach' and its cbnteistsi themi in the bile taken from the gail-bladder, and the smallest quantity was f9und in-the lungs. ' ' '1 '' ;' ' ' ' '~ ' the -"3 The presence of' mntiiony in the contents of the ;eetum.. v.a4Ziab. ?ba fro ' - *"-U uo 11a,"esfroak owels Za deceased contained antimony sp to t ie bme o4fereath; thatshe 'was passing ntimony by pulng wven she diedand the presence of this ominetal 1S sulient to account for the vormting or diiarrhsa, or both, fromtwhich decsed is stated to have sufered. .'~4. From the discovery of antimony in the contents of te stomach wre infer that apreparation of antimony mnsst hdaavte been taken by deceased. within a fewt hours of her 5 Friona the disctveTry of antimony in the stomach ant intestines, especially in the rectuma, we infer that the anti. mbnial compounds, if not taken by deceased as the result of a series of accidents, were improperly administered to her either through ignorance or by des2gn. "6' That inoro~n'h nioyfudby us irk the boody of deceased lanno hbeen tthe result ofone large dose, hut of several doses, taken at intervals some days before death, andto tithin a few hours of her death, " 7. ehat the ntimonial preparation taken by deces d wous what is commonly called tartar emetic, and this may or may not have acted as a poison accordig to circumstnces. It may or mtay not have been the carse of death In the event of the existence of any natural cause for the illness oE deceased, it may have iccelerated her death by phroducing great depresion and exhaustion of the powiers of ife In the examination of the stomach, boweDs, am! other organs of deceased wre could not detect any chagsa a result of natural disease. There w as nothn to account for death. On the other band, there was nothig in these appearances inconsistent -with the death of the deceased mro frequent doses of tartar emetic. "G. OWEN iREES, MLD., F.R.S. "-Chymical Iaboratory, Gny's Hospital Jan. 4."
THE COUVNCIL OF WAR AT PARIS. The Monileur publishes the following observations respecting the Council of War now sitting at Paris s n a " The Council is not charged with drawing up the plan of the new campaign, or with deliberating upon the political considerations which might make one plan preferable to another ,; its object is only to enlighten the allied Governments on the different military combinations which may be adopted, to anticipate all eventualities, and to be prep'red for them. Formed chiefly of experienced Generals, who, nearly all of them, have taken a glorious part in the operations accomplished in the East and in the Baltic, the Council of War can only give advice founded on mature reflection, and propositions eminently usefnl for the best employment of the land and sea forces which are being prepared by the Western Powers." THBE ROYAL ALBERT. Her Majesty's steam line-of-battle ship Royal Albert, 131 guns, has had a narrow escape from foundering on her passage from the Crimea to Malta. It appears that she sprang a leak in the Archipelago, caused by some defect in the screw machinery, and that the water rushed in at the rate of half-a-ton a-minute at the stern, so that, to save the vessel, it was deemed expedient to put into port San Nicholas, in the Island of Zea, where she was -un aground to prevent her sinking. The leak had been stopped, and it was expected that this noble vessel wonud be able to leave yesterday for lMalta, accompanied by Her Majesty's steamer Sphynx, which latter vessel, with the Princess Royal and the Swallow, had proceeded from the Pincus to the assistance of the Royal Albert as soon as her critical situation was knovwn there, on the 29th ult The following information was received at the Admiralty yesterday:- " The Royal Albert sailed on the 3d inst. from Zea t4 Malta."
PORTUGAL. UUTxHAMPTON, J-tN. IL The Royal mail steamer Tay, which arrived this morning vith the Brazilian and River Plate mails, brings ILbon letters of the 7th inst. The Cortes were opened by His Slajesty Dom Pedro V. on the 2d inst., and the deputies elected the same president, vice-president, and secretaries as last. year. The Royal speech referred to the cholera as being nearly extinct in Portugal; it laments the continued progress of the grape disease ; shows that the grain harvest had been generaUy good, and Pronries a Ministerial bill with reference to the necessaries of life whenever a general rise talkes place in the price of food. His Majesty acknowledges having received upon his accession to the throne cordial congratulations from the Sovereigns, allies of Portugal the Holy See, the Queen of England, the King of Saxony, the Emperor of Austria, theKing of the Belgians, and the Queen of Spain having appointed for that puspose special envoys. The Royal speech also refeis to the necessity of providing for the continuation of public works, particularly for facilities of transit, and His 3ajesty states, " The position of the public finances inspires no fears, but rather confidenca in its improvement. The Government has reason to expect happy results for the national credit and 'he progress of public wor}is in consequence of tb -o* . nfi,ad to one of my 3inisters (IL Fontes) in london and Paris,-negotiationns which will be opportanely submitted to the examinationl of the Cortes." Our Lisbon correspondent states that no offical notification would be given of the arrangements made by ML. Fcntes respecting the external bonds, raiway contracts, aud a projected loan for public works before the end of this month, uitil n-hen the sittings of the Cortes were to be suspended, in order to enable him to prepare his financial report and the projects of law necessary to carry out his nsewplans The approval of the Legislature is fully relied upon, and it appears probable that the additional means at the disposal of the Saldanha-Magalhaens Admiinistration w%ill enable it to give new impulse to railway constructions, and carry it safely through the election for the next Chamber of Deputies, which has to be instaUed in January, 1S5,7. Heavy rains continued to prevail in Portugal, and the overflowing of the banL-s of the Tagus had inundated the low banks of VaUada, and rendered necessary the despatch of a Government steamer with supples of salt 11h, biscuits, rice; and oil for the distressed inha-bitants. The Peninsular and Oriental stearmer Madrid, after a boisterous passage of six days from Southampton, landed her mails at Lisbon on the 2d, and left for Cadiz and Gibraltar on the following day. The Telegraph steam trana4ort, also six days fromn Southampton, -with flitia, for Corfu, put into Lisbon on the 2d for coals, vhich the weatherhad preventedbeing sent off to her. HerMajesty's shipSt. Gcorge. Captain Eyres, andthesteamerSalamander, Commander Meehan, were also at anchor in the Tagus, the latterhavingrepairedthe damage suffered in the Bay of Bisca, before proceeding to the coast of Africa. Just hefore the Tay left Lisbon the Portuguese brig Augusto, Captain Costa, arrived to perform quarantine, en routc for Oporto. The French war steamer Gassendi, Captain Velbemceux, eight days out from B3rest and boand for Senegal, also put in for coals.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer aeknowledges the receipt of the first halves of notes for 25., due upon the income-tax, from "S." BIRMNGIAM CHAMDEB OF COceaEcE AND THE Whel-A opecial meeting of the council of this body was held on Vw ednesday last. The prosident$ Mr. Spooner, M.P., prerided, and there were also present-Mr. mtuntz, 1LP., 2tr. S. Lloyd, banker; 31r. Goodman, merchant; fr. W. Mathews, ironmaster; Mr. P. H, Munt, merchant; hMr. Gem, merchant; Ml. W. R. Lloyd, merchant; Mr. F. W. Harrold, merchant; Mr. H. Van Wart, merchant; Mr Charles Sturge, corn-dealer; Mr. S. Buckldey merchant; M&r.Middlemore,saddler's-ironmonger; andiMr. T. C. Salt, lamp manufacturer. The meeting was m3ade special, for the purpose of taking into consideration the p resent state ofthe monetary laws, and, after considerable discussion, the following resolution was passed, the numbers bJeing-for 9, against 5 :-"Sthat it is the opinion of' this. coun3cil Thlat it will be found impossible, without great injury to every interest, to carry on the wr to all issue cc,nntent with the honour and ,safety of the country, under the present monetary sstem, and that it is the inc.mbent duty of Parliament tottake io immediate consideration the effectsproduced by the acts of 1819 and 1844, with the view of calling out the energy and power of the nation." The secretary was directed to forward a copy of the above resolution to each of the Chambers-of Commerce in the k,ingdom, requesting their opinion thereon, and inviting their co-operation in brmning the matter before Parliament. It must be borne in mmd that this resolution was *adopted only by the Counci, and cannot be taken as representing The sentiments of the entire body of the Chamber of Commerce. Several members of the Council hate been longknovnas ardent advocates of the views of 3r. Thomas Attwood with respect to the currency, and from its first establishment it has been feared that the discussion of this litigated queetion would ultimately be the rck upon which the Chamber would split and go to pieces THE Loss oF DIE TaS?Psronr S1rp BxAuiKcnrOsE-The Barrackpore (French trausport) Captain Louttit, of London, was lost off the island of I.amora on thenightof the 14thult. Theship ws ladenvwith hay forthe French army, and about 9 oclock,while under three elose-reefed topsails, strong gales from the northeastward, with thick snow showers, she was driven on the eastpart of the island of Marmora. So thick was the weather that within 20 minutes of first seeing the land the ship was amlong the breakers. All bands got safely on shore. Trheyjust succeeded in getting a footino on the crhgs. They had no: means of communicating or getting away from she island until EFriday, the 21st nlt, when Her Majestys steamer Oberon came and took. Lhemn0 off.WrniOn1~n.. Yesterday morniu,g, about {i o'clock, one of thcse poor g irls wvho haunt our streets jumped over the parpet of WVateiloobridge into the water. She was picked up by some boatmen, and conveyed to Charig-cross Hospital, where, with some didlcultv, shewas restored. She statedthat her aame was Jane TuIrner, and that she resided at 2, St. Andrew'sterrace, Waterloo-road. She is only about 20 yeas of age, nd had been walking the streets the whole of the night, and was returnin" over the bridgeto he'r roiserable lodgings yvhen she snd3enly turned on the footwiyid jumpe o'ver.. - She has suffered a fracture of the tbigh in two plAces, ana - brol;en the knueeof the left leg. tShzmains - dangerolt state. L,' . :. an ''' i -
SALES BY AUCTION. Torrington-square and Hunter-street. njVESSRS. WINSTANLEY are instracted to SELL 1i Lbhy AUCTION, at the Mart, on Tuesday. January 29. in tvro lots, the capital RESIWDENCE, ith ssesion. lNo. 64, on the west side of Torrington-square, containing -pror1rtioned rece oien rox convenient bed chambes, and domestic ohces, helcifor an m of 64 years fromIdy-da , 18i6, at a groundrent of £12 per annum; also the Dareling-house, 7o.40, Thrter-street, Brnswick-sqnare, held byleaseferan unexpired term of 3Yescs.at agronnd rent, letbtoa hilghly respectable yearly tenant at LIe per annunn. The hense 5-a Torrisgton-squarr may be viewed by appyLg on the premises, and the horse i n Huntear-streetby ennriesion of the tenant. Printed particnlax; may be obtained of Nessrs. Clowee, Son, and llickley, solintors, 10. IUng's Becnh-w aUr, Temple; at the Mart; and of Messrs. Wintley, 10, Paternoster-row. Plate, Jewellery.Vatches, &e. ' JOHXSON will SEL,, attthe CityCAuction inoms. 39e trnechuLbh-street, on Monday, Jway 14, at n2 modem PLAT} m ereameowers,sauce boat4 forks, spoonS,&c., Bug lishaudGeneva cold and silver watches, costly jceUcrxy, in single alone and ednstretrilant rings, tuds pins, &e., goldl neck guard curb and Albert chains, and other valuable effects. On view thds day and morning of sale, and catalogues bed at theltooms. To Contrators, Lightermn, and otfers.-VauablTSailingBaereband 1 ESSRS. EVERWSFELD and HORtE bre 1 instructed to SEILby AUCTION. at Carnes'-wrays, 85. Bankride. Sonthwmrl on Thulrsday, Jan. 17, at lifer 1, the ENatE.VOUe decked eatling barge, of 80 tens, with rigging and esils, nearly new., wrellfound in stores, &c, will go into the Canal * also Six decked and open Barges, varying from a S6 to 80ton suitablafortier,orCaliand a 30-ton Cabin Punt, forming part of the geauine stock of a well own lighum Pnan and contractor. Maybe iew edtwo daTylrer ios and catalogues bad at the place of sale;* and of the auctioneers,40, Parliament-street. or Coal Ex;change. The Stock of choice ,ines of Mls. C. o sThompson, donemerchant, a banloupt. ME:SSRS. GREEN and WwLL are directed by thCe T ION,c6 to S by AUCTION, at the Marn; on Tnedat. January 15, aboute 2D O dUILm o compris20ng0bdr Burgmy acrg ttm dyn,&c,alof hig6s quality, ancd nowv lyrn i olrs, sa w,rn, Oa-O, Wn -,t,s, -al,;c, «li,m .,eoe del ivered. The wines may be tasted at the timec of Esale, and the day rrev at auctioneers' 0f0 3 Poultry. Catalogues,my be 5Tadof l sawrana Poices, ana Boe f 1t , Oal Jeone-Chamber o andof PieesadWa.35Polr, a ndaS phlryam-d.,aopposite theSw . Pinal Sale of Building Mlaterials at the Surrey Zoological-gardens, pre- uaratoryte theand dteations for the Surrey Gardens d. - wiJI and C. PEu G are instructed by Wf. Tyler, Escq., VT H to SElO by AUUOTItON, on the Premises, on uesday fan. 15J at 12, the entire esidue of the M etIIS of this elsb*ated establishmuent;* comnprising the well-kno vn Beminglons bridge, Whinese bridge, picturesque lodges, Gothic bird com, birdcagc$ auarium, eagl anid other avites, beast dens ater-cies8 shed cast and ssoughIt iron, brick and timbererecting. sprmg vans and cars,andvious items of utility and cuioty ybeviewed the day preceding or rdeviously by cards, hich, with catalogues. may be had of the auctioneer, W. and 0. Pugbh, TBlwccan-trt, Southwtark t.omsmercial Sale Itooms, 44. 3farringdou-etroet, oJne door fom Holborn. :-Genuine }lo3sehold Faniturc nd Effects.-Abeoute Sate, by order of the Executors of the late Mfr. Scott. M ESSRS GREEN. and SOL by SELL by AIC. theN attemire Thtons as abve on 2odyJnay4, at I y re c h Tor 1, the genuine hOUSEHO,D f 3aNI S; comprisg bed. teads clean featherbeds, mattresses, bedding, v,eminds and ttings drcessng glasses, mahogany chests of drawers, geo tables, etio ianm hmney and pierg3asses, Brusels and other na pets, mahogeny sola twosces ofimahogany diningroom chairs, easy and other charseoaho- nyeablecheroniers, pints nd pamttugs, egist-day d vable atensis case fsuEcd bhrds, barometers, plate, -corns glass, kitchen utesils, tC Onviewinornof sale, w hencataleguesnaybo had at the roomes; and atthe auctioneers' ollicee, 18, 31atton-garden. - The L^aw iabraryv and OfdeeFumuituro of the late John Cowling, Esq., Barrieter-at-lnw, and Counsel fur te eniversity of Cambridge. jR . HODGSON vdll SELL by AUCTIONW, at bi jJXnew Itoms, thc corner of Fleet-reet and. Chancery-lae, n Tuesday Jan.15 at haof-pastl2, (byorder of theeutrizl thvaluable LAWV IIBEAJY of the late John Cowling, Esq.; containing a corn. pletet of REmmingtonlc Statutes frean Mma nCbartat t18lthand19tls tcri., 37 ve- 3.;arrison's Diges, 1 1 4 vo3s.* Chttt?a Statutes by elae3by and Beavan S veo. Bents comraenLrie3 on American aw, 4 vein;, and a large Collecri0n od modern Text Booke - alcoa s eries of Recorts iuthe B cos of lords, PrivyCouncil, the Courts o3E Chwanesyt Exchequer, Common Pleas, l;iu Prius Cioro.nCaasee ke, in good comnhiton * a few usel miaellanreous beoks, ad the lirry furniture, comprising neat-boolkeses, libra2' tabolas, _aoay his TurkSey carpet, desie s,o. To be veed, and catalogues3ab - Bo. 121, Leadenhalstreeth-Jteneflrla Xee of coemnandinPremifes,, -Stock of a Jeweller anaO SllTersmith, To ianofortes, Juniture, lIfIt,GODAJ. will SELL by :AUCTIONf, on rALthe Premises, o n.Thiurady, January24, at!1L by order of the Trstees under an .Mssignrneut, the STOCK.; consisting of geld, an.d ailverwatchs, chsas,brcees,btdiaod and gem rings, tuds, am!f. boxes, *ilver augsr^rand cake baskets, tea equiPags presentation mugs, mustAard-pets, belie. spoons, antique dish, and tankerd The plated *rticles iclltb.de ofsfee and tea services, rn, andirettles, cet of edriir.a dishes< 5Pe cvers, ice pail, waters, candle.sticks, liqueeusdeev;y iranse8, Claret ug. fowerc-tn and the usual stock items. hlSp, CC' pinoforte and 61-otave grad planofeete, by Broadw,nd, in retLfrod And,atlt2 for 1o'dlock preieelysr noC previoo dsjpo tr sb priate contrat the Lease. fora term od 20 years u-,ed.~e~ aJt the ncominatrot dC £ll0per annum, with imrnmedite )0o6esfion. To le viewed by oedr. Partsculsrsrnabe hadet T. X..aEe., aolit. tcr,. Bargeyar,Buoklsrsbui; oathapceeslacs4 *(l25 dta1 offices, SS toLssrl-otSfft,.7 ;> WVdbd1i_ju,L*?~-A comfoshleR reideons, Alie c1iWAM for.1hrer,- 4& ment oocption AfE , . PRIOa adCLR wil SELL by I & V l3rOIc at Garr.way's, on Tuesday, Janur2Z, at 32 for 1 byodrieAl itaiz sof lbs late Mr. MhalBunoe, a ve zubAatialxnd "titlt RSlIENCE, b-ei'ng No. 24. Alfred-road West-horn olTem Ht warlbw2 recentl in the occupation of thede ceased, and t0f the estimated yabse of =pcr annurm, Held for an smerpied term i-f about 95 years,~ -at a mrud rent of £8 per unm 17. Warwiekste- -eetstzet a G. -as;.n sq.oxlicitor, Price amd Clark, A44. ncrylane.'a Y5 n fI-as A vry esiabl Frp~t1dnvctn-~ closto inbuy.Square ~SRS PRC171nd CLARKM-wiISELL 13.- AUC- 0UCTI.. at Garraway's oydtcRn Totiy,Zeror-As22, t-I ofo 1ha bUrysquar,wthBogphe sithneate iasnd gro okh h er woituseandeetrnet the aas, o 63. a laRe aaded Thee mn whaluetof tr0entayroninum.Th pomsesmsybpvel'nwo ocld-byuiwati adprtiuasbdo essrs. lthamle and 83e0ma, solicitors,, obni-_vk city;. street-buildings;at Garrawand ; rles f a Iffiaee, PrceCand C *A k, e 0 ChneSRy-e. nSLL y Al AZ~PRIOEa Grawa nd Tusay.i Jw% 2latL 2c SELL b Weller,Eh Ns' , atd Ga-was bye conseot of theA taeeory dOUe,lab iheo,situat aDWbEing-HUS,~I roet,-Le'eesder sbuope a6rmShes adeli"elling-borne, andbin N4.-Little Y Jcw5drty 8opp;eatd the GHoenpak;,2l Nor a5 ted xin of2 ea.enq rl; . 15athee Thotaletoftrentals roucmn Terabout£3 esmanomsem-. Hepld-blasesandagrensaut for lasesfrilong tors athaztee sae efr_ . bderon.. aneprtiamlay hey sel~pri .o fteteass'P Rtcslart~o Esqr.. sotlcintor ,Hanf Monsreeman soiccaitors, 15, elrAn.~gct 'lE SRS.PRIUCE andCLARK willUSELL byAU T.LVLAbrION ath Gorraseas, aaov,on WTu esday. Jua2,at-ntfr' , by'l orde OfTe Sies andI SH ith te consent-o thvers 20sdozen theoverd denirabcos 10ASEHoz.n aresiDWera. 3,IX-oUse, i'lr'1 csrnotaa shpanddoem ben~n sos offy rctut, Wand,_ being nd IS,mis,callaly,m ppsitec.Ia evee the dreemriar-heddforoantee of 21ayear rm11 atl caar0,ent al of thUOprernnua,Tesrant Mesayse BeeothalatiiyadFeemn,. sondpatrticd9. b6eds ayptet;of P tothesn sale of I al- G .-obno Es0, Bsoihalco,0-safMo-tr eet.t'iasdly Ch atiryaline,F., e eitr.s 2Lier..stsbflr~ h nenedane; o Mel.ill-nrs a er.'CloeadClar' ffcs 4,Can cery-lanhe, ESRS. PRICE and CLA K will SELL by, UC 3H CIN,o he Premise, s. above oat Wednursteetay oan,, arid payr ofm 2O4T andu 700TS 1r00 dozen ivers 20 gdcozen fseneoredr 70ororcssta103-dopzen c aybet siewea 2 dcat:iofsoenais,h1 wld htt, stok. ay he viwetboaprietonod aorningofsa, c a nd cathe -Tvluable rad,onth preis;o ers otfammley aendezemwhre solulctos 39.ublea-teeao P onsn Fqaq. othicials ara ouee 20tasingbaI frsthet; an mo otheantiaee ro, 4t hanuee o-l-he an w togWellers wtall Machine~(ip ry, Seam-T Engindmer, Boilliers, Claroralandt M anlesMufatuher L and ofthe rems. PRICE. andi CLARK wil SELL bv AVT01,on the Promises, known 14. Gtheur-stdgt.onwhursfith igan-rd nhmday, Jaeb.2 7abot 70 roso IUIS2 forossb coade ofssthneRigh grossLtaselatos,ero. taye Riowed. and catYAloue had. PAIn Chantery."ouW,gho.Hnig""ulnr lugha."th-T-13F OVEPian-%T in full 3eetHe the Unshe of veneenof and isnMac hicners and ohprtaine fonnece thelwithan dareotaied fr m153 then use of the mstw togethers witd aimothautinent Mionerof Stdeam tnine. Boller valubl fler for vnalst nom the same,rialsth Leas pofutoao the Prmies,utoy nd. expUCtion, on 3thePremises, nwnatherey Cvalryidge-wharf,ce in the3 Eto g vnd-oam onfhusany, Feb.g7. andt ofo any odericofpthato woigd Han. the patrofdthed frolls the Queen'sh ROAL oflog,TnteaS. PATEnT gne-allstied in.Cughe as maowhprfodue b m sat'RndSll-NTn in ~ taooforte M theFA tUimeofn aEtRS aonsderinl lossiyaDAppatogthe cathu once the ptretscttin datlied a Oct.ntly3 beingte onea oftharems ineniouse and imp8-ortantoinerstiom nsomoeand toimes,it alie-luathe grforwitsastaeconomyofnmaterilad throduction aslfo the beaueoftye andexpemmditin oteit ompectisega tiwherey Yasrdn matchoie,rm fenmine-tous 32 waenueers ofunytlngthoueand o anypta dwelrript go woode whcan be prdueld foraomg thex inch moderatse oflog, inteTad 01aonlytoe-hal; te numbseeras nhowusroucd bye o a-nyfu vewmeers, a lesygthanr onforl the ti.me,u pand atl considerablydless oust;iltogehe soiithoth paten cattingo macinsor asw reenl MesrecTeidaavery landgE expenste, and aon1-horsee pfowrdsteaw enin and boiler, igth alt Uda gerorwciorn -eastleaunde connec tedtherlaewh alof the lase of the&, enginehue and Clarehul , ntones 8hnentin-house, aondoacpian deli, hous, whc Cshl ornalog_ temYta uoaerenital.rA the dog cat andharnes, andeanrffects.Thwolmabeiedi slctoe r,e,ing's-ra, Bedford-row ofnuMesses, Tade-0fr andth Eye,u soliitrsm John-srUEet,d BEdFordroC ofS en Kld nigh Aband fud-aost snoltor.herbeasteads.ndeddiyne; mattheplacheofsole;randw ersabls. Pricetand Coileth audctioneers 40,Chancryolaewo, Looandothrn. l 4h andsmeridgo-stree, Cucesunaumst-ofslid-.eingf-e ,Fniitablre n Brusi crpts crthL tndrs Jtaenutnsls ad t1r ffects. mOnvew SaurdayhR and ioc fse ncidin catabiuean,for-oetth andoter badsathearDos,an beeldn mahognyechests of drveawrs,les.ne Long leaaehold.-Nos. it and 14. Bridport-street. Dorset-square, po dlucing £30 per annum, at a ground rant of LIZ held fora ter which 87 yeaes are unexpired. R. RAWKINGS as received instruictions to~ j1i SELL by AUCTION, at the Mart on Thursday, Jannuary17, at 12 ford3, the TWVO above-naneed well-built LEASEHOLD HOUSEd, of recent erection and neatly f-khed, and most desirably situate for letting or an respectable dwellings. Mlay be Tdewed by eae of the respectable tenants, and printed pUartclars had at the Martof Mr. Herring, Stafford-chambers, New-road; anad at the auctionecia office~, 6, Lisson-grere, Msrylebone. No. 17, Great Cumibcrland-street, Hyde-park.-Genuine modem Punt- tarm. VK.H ,W INGS has received instructions to 3 ElbyAUCTION. onthe Premises, en Mon1day. January 21, at 1t for 12 precisely, the whole of the genuine FURLNITURE and 3EFFECTS, comprIsin mahogany scrall-end, Parisian, four-post, Aan other bedsteads, and7 exceelent bedding, mahiogany winged andl other wardrobes, capital chests of drawers marble-top washlsands, and the usual beroom,apend %ags arosewood drawing room suite in damas, leo, ean(L occasional, and fancy tables and chains, marble-top cheffonie, ad per abl, cimuyan pir gasss fby 00. 61,-octave excel-. :len otgpaoot, ousmehold chrinan threr items, 3Ontues engr.T Brosslsa othe carets,rugs, ervter, ion Tutensils, and vaious wefects. On tiews Fr tiday andeStudapeedinfgrthe salie,tandcata loguesCabadg en othe premises, anrattheromofteauctioneer,2 Iulr. teilof aechr.abonde and ureir, d Sle ][JR. ETWIR WISRA3 WMl SELL bY AUCTION7, wiontheut renserv,a s. isosaesre withoutrerv, on TuWey.Jnuay t.186 daty' fonury 126lc, al ~l teseflyabu ,0picso tOUEHLD moBsTUt, fafter whic thewhoe oftheStoc ieade co pricosin aof upllrbFe,rlsct R. LRERDWDWIT will SELL by AUC-TII,on h Mt wreithusesers bve, a on0 BMsondy.Ja 1ate- ee itot fon0 1,Wens abLOW ledPtE.HIGNS an inerAN , num erles ecaut patterns.-5 qaresn pigmentar, r cjut-fsomff,-is fof sever alndro psece dof oprbFr1newdel hangings and decorsations, naludirongihorngers, borders, jbcantes and wlinglainnwanshse en forg ihblos thei fourwrrthcmngeason about 20ck mcarbolechimey-ics, handrowa, rds old magroass of painters'eandpls thenS d4 cataloguesmab had.o t mNmada h uto.n2 Union-street,nSomers-town. APJ. ERPWOO wfiSELL by AUCTION, antb tM asrt aonTesa, oan ModykJn 4 ar o 1,,0 gELOW,Whie.randero sane,PA'dnDas n Battens,ROA 180sqares oftuyelo andthie reofbatgtendOsort,ing 00 ftCqarteriang,ad.00 fsint.owid casedy ofrAmesrwithfo gahe,0nail, iomo the Lie f baruses,i-cane, andw scfflin,ladRS, harrows moc, oELdatrils AUCTIONMaybethewe the Satrda prier ofanderoo maeingosae an catal ofWguesvha Rowlndtermisesad atote aluction roLIYffcesCad ingthsteet Uninpted cnd-oad.if Tsigon. Sustntialrcand- caaousl Chaplub,withnobamliespric n GEORGF, K trnceM. nt tetSEL 21 tetu~on Tuesday,thJant 24. at 9ordpr fteLJ,3 m tesitutate coiner of BVNE,ingdebsteet, i cadompiiang tado bingofTer contaiing amle accmmodaton fo enmuero cnutega rst, incam Bom odlnsgleryylsesr and colom.LeaseholdEs fors S5yaS,a£3groudret PrntdpaOticuave mabeihad, 21naa pror,t he nie t the-Lo Mart ofwU thesss m .ansrJh u lar, sfi oliit po8d, ~~pade;and wMd. trh o, sae value, Acrtille,y-plae, olraeaof Asuanc;te forract00 oneds theLIf of'0 a,t, MarrIed adn ow Cadi h ourtb og-Chancry made ion-acMe, hof e, anlands; twnl-n, hm; -pgtMead.owen andrt Jeamesw, solictors exarn' m Messr of which might beeaii onvertad-into working, dlooM and, thereby renderit capable ofecarrymngfronxo.1to 150 e5eaelei; anotherlmaIldna office. 12i quarters steep; a maloter's cottzce,twospacJoes ceatLwae- tesix ve ~frotae othe r-Iver Oruwead wretsa-iexginl foelbl aatdfrm th pmofa fmI~r~fedsilry e zne paricuamad cndtiosofatemaye art walnut tonMar, Garrawy's Lndon;or ole Mr.S.Axs iotntt icitor aened tln:resAu tioneers, Iptrosotageiejefrt- vb. he superor modem frtyirir ofet AlsrdeoaClrliage, Balbain alnk bouhoo),atheout-redCcis,bosig mfournitr, am Ocroal-rate esa for cildrn, afaonni eakbto Brougoas atmlady ne,a i Cart Cows,Pigs rout~, and ilierEffets (he gnuin prprtyn withan furth cclencUp fwte ailay inen-- and ~ ~ ~ ~ an bnt'steo. tAbs: the caia aoayfriueadmreoel&,
