DEATHS. -Onthelithinst,xthisest. Hedsor. Bucebminthe7nthyearof his age, the lUght Hon. Lord Boston, deeply lamented by his family andXriends. O.thedtlhinst.,atLladdulas,RBhyL,orthWales, Hester. relictot the late J:i h Archer, Esq., formerly of Xiltymon, county Wickloiw, Lvid ;J82.- Onthe -ah inst. , ea A . Ger!xnde,thebeloveddaughter of Joseph Stace, Eq., surgeon, of uthampton, aged 2lS. On the 13th inst, deeply recretted bya large circle of friends, 3r. ThomasEerring, 27, Milom-street, Bath, tobacconist, aged1 43. - On the l3lth inst., at 13A Clazges-street, the Hon. George O'Callaghan. On the 13th inst.. at 13, Alfred-treet, Plymouth, the Rev. Fortescub Wells, Ciplalinla the Royal Navy, aged 36. On the 11th inst.. at Allesley, aged 44, Elizabeth. eldest daughter of the Jate Josiah Robins Esq., of Aston Brook, Birmingham. On the 14th inst., 31r. Ruhamah Lawrence, of Brighton-place, Hickney-road, inhis Slthyear. On the 11th inst.. Mary. the wifeof Mr.J. Hudson.of Knightsbridge. On the 15th inst., after a lingering iluesa, Major Frances Charles Darkei tbh Hon. Eat India Company's Service, 2d Riles, Bombay Presidency aged 55- On S&tuilXay, the 15th inst., at Barnet, aged 65, John Humphrys, Zaq., son at the late Rev. John 1tmnphrys, ILD. On the i6th inst., Mr. Richard FreenmaS, of Thlirlow lIdge, luiWicb, Surrey, at his son's Woodford Mills, Rligetead, Northamptonshire. On the 6i',h ins;t, in bis 64th ear, Mr. Richard Bnckingham, of the Grove, Strutford. Easex, deeply lamentedby his family aad friends Onthe l6th inst at Brighton, Mary Anne Bayley Snith. daug,hter of the late Edward ploe Smith, Req., of the E. L Comp_ny's Bengal Civil Service On the 16th inst., aged 37, at Hastings. Elizabeth Legg, wife of the Rev. e. B. HIolder, and eldest daughter of the late Rev. WinL Chapman, of Greenwich. On the 16th inst., at No. 2, Albany-street, Edinburgh. HEariot Emma, widow of Malor Henr Stddons, of the Bengal Engineers. On the 16thinDAt at her residence, 2S, NewSteine, Brighton, Rebecca, reict of WlEiam Agus-tus Stander, E:sq., aged 82. Onthe 1Cth est.. athis residence lathe Strand, William hiljlipp3 Phillipp En., iin the 50th year of his age. On the ';h fint., in the 25th year of his age, George Wood Samson. of Lincoln's-inn, second son of the late Thomas Samson, Esq., of Kingston.lluselL Dorset. On Sunday, the 16th inst., atherhoso, North Castle-street, Edinburgh, the lIon. Augusta Mackenzie, fifth daughter of the late Lord SeafortbL On the 16:h inst., in his 7Sth year, at his residence, Coad Ithil, Monmonthebire (of wlhich county he was a magistrate). Richard Howell F?leming, Req., a Captain in the Royal Navy, of highly distinguished srvices. On Monday, the 17th inst4, at 35. Sussex-gardens. Hyde-park, Elizabeth, the wife of Charles Saith Thomas, Esq., of Doctors,-commons, aged 43. On the 17:h inst., at ClaRham-rise, Surrey, Isabella, wife of John Guillum Sceit, Req., in the 64 th year of his age. OnMonday,the 17th inst, Richard HEodge Eq., of the Green, Hampztead, and Awrglt House, Regent-street. in his 71styear. Onthe 17tlh inst., Mr. John Ridge, of No. 28, King-street, Holborn, in the 6th year of his age. On the 17th inst., at West Lodge, Acton. Middlesex, MEartha, the. beloled wife of Mr. George ATeling, of the same place. On the 171th inst.. at Woodbridge, Saffolk. in his 21st year, of conmumption. John Pytche, the second and deeply lamented son of the 3ter. T. W. iHughes. On the 12t- inst., at No. 4, Eaton Vllas, Acadc-road, St. Jobn'a. wrood, John bEtchie WooiUett, REq., aged 73. RLP. On the ISt; inst., deeplylamented, after along protracted illnes T. B. Herring,Esq.,of Finchley, in his 3T year. -- On the 11th isn, at Field Cottage. Lorrimore-road, Walworth, Edward CWill", Rq., Chief Admiralty Clerk. of Her Majesty's Docie- Aad ChatllZnm. AtWoodford. after a short ines 3ma, yougest daughter of the late Mr. Eustbinu Coles, of the Belvedere-road, Lambeth. Atiaris, iater a few days' ilnes baiazne, wife of Walter Lon, Req., 3LP., cf Roed Ashton, Wiltshire.
IRXLAND. (IRO OUR OWN HO SPONDMT.) JU±UMN, XUZSDAY .aiOMfNflfU. - ET TIPPrXRABy PAN-:. - The selection of Mr. M'Dowell, F.T.C.D., to fi£the office of official manager was quite a surprise, no less to the expectants of the prize thaw to- the public generally, and grave insinuations were freely inted against the fitneus of the learned gentleman to discharge duties apparently so incompatible with those of a tutor of the University. Nevertheless, the appointment is believed to be one of the be3t that could have been made out of the batch of candidates submitted to Master Murphy. Ir. M2Dowell is sid by those intimately acquainted with him to possess all the requisite qualifications for his new office, and it is urged that he has been already engaged in winding-up the affairs of a public company nder nearly similar circumstances to those which brought the Tipperary Bank under the guardianship of the Court of Chancery. Subjoined is a sketch of the proceedings yesterday in the Master's-office :- "I n accordance with the intimation which he gave at the elose of the proceedings on Saturday, Master Murphy this day announced his decision as to t he gentleman whom he had selected out of the list of candidates for the office of officialmanagertowind up the affairs of the Tipperary Bank. It will be seen by the foRowing order which the Master mnade in the matter that he has nominiated Mr. M'ZDowell, F.T.C.D,, to the office, Mr. J. D. Weldon to behis solicitor, and Messrs. Gibson and A.dair tobe the solicitors having the cariage of the proceedings: '1 cannot adopt the suggestion of appointing for the present only an ad interim manager. The various proceedings at law now pending render such-a course, in my judgment,mostinexpedient. I must, therefore, appoint an official manager, and in thepresent stage of the proceedings I see no sufficient reason for appointing more than one. In reference to this appointment, considering the policy of the acts of Parliament, the peculiar circumstances of the case, and the character and competency of the other caudidates, I cannot feel justi6ed in appointig as official manager any person who has been proposed, solly or in effect and substantially on behalf of creditors. Ifl could, there would be no difficulty whatever in selecting for the office one gentleman, admittedly of the highest station and character, Mr. La Touche. From what transpired at the hearing of the case, his appointment would be likely to lead to much difficulty and embarrassment, as, in the progress of the case, if anyparty were to apply to me to place the investigation of this company's aSflirs with the Bank of Ireland in other hands, I could not well refuse such an application, if supported by a considerable number of the contributories. Ater the most mature consideration, I have satisfied myself that I ought, if possible, to select a gentlerman proposed by, and enjoying tha confidence of, bonz4 fide contributories of character and property, who admit their liabilities, and are wlling to answer their just obligations to the utmost-one who, moreover, is wholly imdependent in interest, business, or other relations, and as regards local association and otherwise of any class of persons interested-who is not engaged solely, or in conjunction with others, in any banldng or other mercantile business or employment -who is perfectly competent to perform the duties of the office in point of knowledge, experience, and ability-who is also, as all the candidates are, of assured position ancl high character, and who, in addition to these qualifications, can devote his undivided attention for a sufficient portion of his time to the discharge of the duties of the office. It appears to me that Ml. 1'Dowell is, under all the circumstances, the most eligible candidate. I have ascertained, from the letters or certificates transmitted to me by him, ,that there is, so far as the regulations of the College are concerned, no obiec- tion to his holding the office. I cannot avoid stating that Mlr. Commissioner Longfield's most valuable testimony to Mr. M'Dowell!s character, acquirements, and peculiar fitness for this office; the nature, duties, and responsibility of which no one can understand better than Mr. Uongfleld, has. necessarily influenced me very much in making my selection of Mr. MIDowelL I approve Mr. Meldon as solicitor for the officialmanager; othergentlemen named are equally, and some of them, perhaps, more eminent than he is in other departments oftheir profession; but Mfr. Meldon's great ex-,erience and extensive practice in bakr ntey and gene- rzal mercantile business fit him peculiarly to discharge promptly and efficiently the duty of solicitor to the official manager i this case. I therefore apoint r. M'Dowell official manager, and I anprove Mr. Mlfeldonl as his solicitor. From what occurred at ~the hearing of this case in the Rolls Court, and upon eveiZ ground, I should hope that Messrs. Gibson and Adair will act as solicitors for the carriage of the proceedings.' "M 1r. Jeffers (of the fim of Barrington and Jeffers) said heunderstoood. the Master to state on Saturday that those who were engaged for creditors or shareholders in the bank should have a voice in the selection of the solicitor who is tohavethe carriage of the proceedings. " The Master said he did not mean to have it understood that this would be the course adopted in making the appointment, but that, out of the names of solicitors sent in by,the candidates for the office of official nager, he would be able to select a solicitor who should have the carriage of the proceedings. And he thou,ght Mr. Gibson a very proper Person for the office. "It wvas stated that Mr. Gibson bad been employed as solicitor for MSr. John Sadleir.eplyda "Mr. Gibson said it was true he had been named as-solicitor on the record to defend Mr. Sadleir in an action in reference to the Carlow election; that was the only case in which he had been employed for Mr. Sadleir, and he did not know who suggested his name in that instance. " The Master asked MIr. Gibson if he would accept the office of solicitor to have the carriage of the proceedings in this case. "Mr. Gibson replied that he would; but at the same time he -would lwish to have another solicitDr named conjomtly with him. Re mentioned the name of Mr. Adair - forthe purpose.- "The Master agreed to this course, and appointed Messrs. Gibson and Adair to the office, observing that tltere would be more to be done than was perhaps sutpposed. "In the course of the day we understand Mr. M'Dowel entered into the required sureties for the due discharge of the duties of official manager." THIS SLIGO ELE0TON. Mr. J. P. Somers has addressed the following letter to the Erpress, in reply to some comments .apon the singular speech delivered by the defeated candidate at the late contest for Slig,-- in Sir,-My attention has this day been called to an aSticle in your journal of the 10th inst., in which you are pleased to say that I mde one of the most egotistical speeches ever delivered on the hustings. If I have been egotistical, it has been forced upon me. My character has been most unjustly assailed by some of the leading members of the Conservative party in this town. It has been publicly and privately statedthat I bartered my petition against the return of Mr. Sadleir for the consideration of an annuity of 3001. ; and was Ito suffer such an allegation to pass unnoticed? I was compeUed, in my own vindication, to call upon my accusers publicly to state upon what grounds they rested that imputation. I caUed upon them to point to one sohtary act in my public or private life whicl rendered me unworthy to represent my native borough. There was no reply. I received the cordial, the unanimons support of the -Conservative party at the last two elections. I felt that I had a claim upon-that support during the existence of this I'arliament, in consideration of my endeavous to preserve the integrity and independence of the borough. The adhered to me when I was strong, they deserted me when I was weak They Were the first to make the late contest a sectarian one; they threw down the gauntlet. "With respect to your observations about my allusion to Lord Palmerston, they are altogether incorrect. I certainly did say that I thought my independent support of the paity of which he is now the leader for thelast 19 years gave me some claimupon the Government, andthat I should endeavour to turn any little influerce which I might possess tovards the improvement of the harbour, and to further the general prosperity of the town. Beyond this I presume not to exercise any influence. It is true that I have been honoured by the support of Lord Palmerston for the last 19 years, but during that long period I never obtained an ofEicial favour at hishinds. If every hustings speech were to undergo the severe criticism to -which some unguarded expressions which fell from me have been subjectedby you, I fear there are fewcandidates-whose speeches could escape censure. "IT have the honourto be, Sir, your obedient servant, " Sligo, March 12."" THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 91X i; ditto, for amcount, the 5th of April, 92a; New Three per Cent. Stock (shut), 92 921- ditto, for account, the 8th of April, 924; 3ank Stock, 221A; Midland Great Western Debentures, 4A- per cent. of 5001., 98i; Hibernian' Bank of Ireland, 251. paid, 311; British and Irish Steam, 501. paid, 321. R ava -klelfast and Ballymena, 501. paid, 47; DALbhn and Befast Junction, 451. paid, 420; Dublin and rick. low, 101. paid, 54; Dundalk and Enmusdllen, 301. paid, 13i ex. div.; Great Southern and Western, 501. paid, 52g.; ditto, for account, 52A ; ditto, :Four per Cent. Preference, paid in full, 20l., 18 j Midland Great Western and Royal Canal, 501. paid, 494.
-T TO E B19DITOR OF THE TIMES Sir,-In the report of what I said in the House of Commons on iEridaylast on the subject of the order sent by the Secretary of State to the four counties of Glamorgan, Carmnarthen, Pembroke, and Cardigan, to provide a lunatic asylun, the latter part of the. statement made by me was emitted. I stated that the delay which had occurred and. the difii-cultyin which these counties found themselves didnot arise froxn neglect on theirpart, but from the course pursued bythe Commissioners in Lunacy, who sanctioned the contract for the purchase of a site which was submitted to them in accordance with the provisions of the act 16th and 17th of Victoria, chap. 97, section 45, and, after the trouble of perfecting the title was completed, and an expnse of 2,COO. was incurred, withdrew their approbation of it. I do not complain of any obiection being taken to a site, but of its not being taken by the commissioners at a proper time, as they are directed by the clause of the act which I have cited to. make such inquiries in reference to such purchase of land as they may deem proper. It may be unreasonable to expect from commissionersmuch advantage to the object of their conmmission, but it is, I think, allowable to hope that they will not obstruct it. I remain, Sir, vour obedient servant. J. H. pl:iiapps. TH CB~mu CoMiissro~.-Te iiew cornns sion of inqniry'will aasemnble at Chelsea Ecspital on Tues.day next, the 25th inst. Its opening has b~een de]ayedZby :the indisposition of Lord Sexton, who is now covaleseent~, ar4wU^1 preside-ovfe the UICa,.
ITHE PWBLIC HEALTH. (1rom the lXeetrar-General's weekly return.) The deaths registered in London rose from 1,029 andl,082 in the two previous weeks to 1,118 in the week that ended last Saturday. If the rte of mortality had been the rame la* vweek as it was, taldng the average, in the coreaponding weels of the ten years 1846-55, it would have prodauced l,296 deaths, whichis mbre byl78 than the number actually. rdUXned. These results show that the public health is eomparatively good, though the cold weather has had some effect in raising the mortality; aud it probably accords wvith common experience that influenza and other caarrhal complaints prevail at this tune to an extent greater than can be discovered in the retuns of deaths. ~Of the 1,118 deaths 563 were those of males, and 555 of females. From diseases of the respiratory organs the deaths in the Preceding week were 191; last week they were 223, of which 101 were caused by bronchitis, 92 by pneumonia, 9 by asthma, the remainder by laryngitis, pleurisy, and " disease" of the lungs. Phthisis was fatal in the two weeks in I29 and 148 cases; influenza last week in 2, croup in 7, hooping-cough in 47 case Forty-fire persons died of typhus and common fever; 18 of those in the East districta, where fever, especially in Whitechapel north, appears to be prevalent. Of 10 deaths recorded in the sub-district men. tioned 6 were from "febris," 4 of which occurred in the Whitechapel Workhouse. Of 9 deaths in the sub-district of Eatcliff one was from hooping-cough, one fzom mneasles, and 3 from scarlatina. The widow of a farmer, aged 56 years, died in St. Lake's workhooue of "fever and destitution." Four children died of meases in Poplar; three of these in the workhouse.- Eighttdeaths from typhus occurTed in theLondonFever tflopital. The body of a man who had diod of typhus ie Capland-street, Mfarylebone, was kept without burial for a fortnight, in consequeace of the poverty of his relatives. Two women had arrived at the age of 93 years, one at 95 years, and oaie is stated to have been 104 years old. These four aged persons were all widows. The centenarian died at 3, Hutchison-street, Aldgate, on the 10th of March; she was a native od Prussia, but had been in this country several years. Mr. Spencer, the registrar, adds that she enjoyed good health and the use of her faculties to the last, and that her son, the informant of the death, stated that he himself was 66 years of age, and the youngest son of a Lazge family. Ihstweelk the births of 932 boys and S12 girls, in all 1,744 children, were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weekh of the years 1846-55 the average number was 1,582. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the barometer in the week was 29-965 in. The highest reading was 30-20 in. at the begimning of the week. The mean temperature was 36-3 deg., which is 4- 6 deg. lower than the avege of the same week in 38 years {as determined byMlr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperatue was below the average throughout the week, and on Saturday the defect was 8-4 deg. On that day the highest reading was only 38 deg.; the lowest, 27-9 deg.- and the mean, -331 dez. The lowest in the w eek was 26-5 deg. on Wednesday. The mean dewv-;coint temperature was'9 o deg., and the difference betw;een this andthemeantempetrate of the air -was 88 deg. The mean temperature of the water of the Thames wvas 41-8 deg. On the last five dys the Vwnd blew om the east and north-st. On Thursday it blew, when strongest, with a pressure of 61b. on the square foot. There was no rain in the week.
TO THE, EDITOB OF THE TI3L&. Sir,-The question "whether the eleemosynary purpose to which all our colleges owe their existence shall now be superseded" deserves a little more consideration than it has yet received from the Legislature or the press. - I am more especially disappointed at the view which Die: Times takes of it in yesterday's edition, butI hope you may still be dlling to put the facts of the question fairly before the public. The annual income ef colleges in Oxford (exclusive of that of livings in their gift) will, in the course of a few years, be little, if at all, short of 300,0001. The whole of this was given with the charitable intent of helping poor men to ob-' tain learning, and with that learning a maintenance. That intent is still so far compEed with that Fellows of colleges are most commonly chosen from the most needy class of men rich enough to conme to the University-that is, from the sons of cleregymen, medical men, lawyes, small merchants, and (sometimes, but not often,) shopkeepers. This class is quite numerous enough to supply an abundaant choice of highly-qualified men; and, probably, the numbersof thatclass are kept up bythepreferencenow given to it in elections to Fellowships-that is, many a poor clergyman, or many a poor doctor is induced by that preference to make an effort, which he would not otherwise make, to send a clever son to Oxford. It is now proposed to take from all that class the benefit of this preference, on the plea that by admitting it we exclude better men from competition, and lose their service3 as tutors. The answer to this is,-first, that we get plenty of good men from the poorer class, and men, too, of a more im. Proving sort thnn those who often owe a temporary supe. riority to the assistance which their money has put within their reach; and when this class does fail us, we hold ourselves at liberty to take, as we sometimes do, richer men. Secondly, that the poormen, eventhough they should be less able, are more willing to work; and that, in fact, rich men-that is, men with 5001., or 400., or 300z. a-year besides their Fellowships-never have been, and never will be (except in very rare instances indeed), worling college tutors. Thirdly-and this last is the strongest ground-something is due to the "main designs" of founders and benefactors (which the University Rteform Act professes to respect); and this, themain design of all, should not be wholly set at 31ought without some great and certain benefit. And it is the prevailing opinion of those most competent to judge, here in Oxford, that the efficiency of colleges, as pLaces of learning and education, will not be increased by admitting rich men to perfectly equal competition for Fellowships. A great deal more might be said on the question in referrence to the state of society and the general interests of the country, and I fear I have weakened the argument on my side bystating it so drily; but the main purpose of my letter wi have been answered if it is madepthe means of drawing the attention of the middle classes to the great wrong, or, at least, the great injury, that is about to bi done to them, without any one of those who especially hold themselves out as their representatives having said a word in their behalf. I am. Sir. -vns obedient c CHARLES NEATE Senior Fellow of Oriel CoUege. I Vnel (oJlege, Oxtord, Alarch 12.
PRISoinRS FoR DEBT.-A return has been laid before Parliament, on the motion of Mr. PeDatt, M.P., of all persons confined for debt or contempt of court in the prisons of England and Wales. The melancholy list occupies a space of no less than 40 pages, and suggests, in the course of its pernsal, many painfil reflections. Thus, a -man aged 70 has been incarcerated in Chester County Gaol nearly five years for the paltry debt of 411. 4s. Wd. and 171. 14s. Sd. costs; and two others, aged 77 and 75, are immiured in the same gaol for debts of 271. and 801. Many are undergoing the pain of prolonged durance from absolute inability to pay their debts, and some owiing to the -want of funds to take them through the Insolvent Debtors' Court. At Lancaster Castle two persons have been detained between six and seven years, although the return states a belief that there is no imnpediment to an early release. Inability to obey " orders" of the Court of Chancery is a frequent cause of detention. The total number of persons detained in the debtors' dungeon of Whitecross-street (the miserably defective arrangements of -which were ably exposed a few years ago by Mfr. Repvrorth Dixon) samounted last August to 223. The majority had been taken in execution, and somne fewv had been attached for contemp£ of Court. Thedebtsweremostlysmall, v from267 to 8001., but there were some few cases of heavy debts, ineluding one of 32,3507. No. .2),. at the suit of the Attor ney-General; one of 4,329e. (l0. 34), one of 2S841L ZNo. 3V one of 3,8601. (N~o. 130), and one of 2,779b. (N~o. 15k). One person hnFbeen detained since 1847 for adebt of 321., and another since 1848 for contempt of the Court of Chancery and adebt of 827. Two have been detained since 185, three since 1851, two since 1852, and four sinoe1853. 29 prisoners were incarcerated under County Court commitments. The governor of the gaol, :lfr. T. Burdon, is unble to give the ages of his prisoners. Mr. Burdon observes that although cases do ocour n awhich some delay may arise in the fling of schedules from want ofpecuniarymeans, or (what isworse) a reluctance on the part of their-friends to assist them to pass the Court, this is greatly obviated by the assistance afforded in all deservinig cases from the several charities connected with the prison. Moreover, Mr. Burdon himn self is known to do all in his own power to effect the legal extrication of his prisoners from confinement. The case of a debtor aged 86, confined in Monmouth County Gaol for a debt of 1801. ylus 1001. costs, and plus the formidable addition of the crime of "contempt of the Court of Chancery," is considered so very hard by Mr. Holman, the humane governor of the prison, that, in forwarding his return to the anthorities,he strongly urges the release of this unfortunate man, who has been starving on the "county allowance" for the best part of two years, and from 'the proceeds of whose estate the amount due to the detaining creditors has (Mr. Holman believes) been already liquidated. In France this scandalis wisely preventedby the law exempting septuagenarians from arrest for debt. The ageddebtorinthiscasewas draggedto gaolfromasickbed. Ontheotherhand,thereareundoubted. cases of dishonesty, as, forinstance, that of GB in Norfolk' Gaol, the chief cause of impediment to whose release is " drunkenness and recldess conduct,-has had a fine estate, but not paid his debts." A silly person in the same prison is detained by his own obstinacy, pretending to have been fasely arrested. In the Queen's Prison (Surrey) there is a formidable list of prisoners, mostly transferred from other prisons, and including sundry bankrupts. One is a debtor to the tune of 17,3981. and at the mercy of the Court of Bankruptcy. A prisoner in Yorkr Castle; committed at the suit of the Attorney-General for contempt, refuses to putin an z,ppearanco1 and "has, apparently, no desire to leave the gaoL." This person is T0 yeaws of age, and he has been deprived of his liberty for eevea years and a-half, -
CLAodSWOTOUSES OF .FG. I* TO THE E2DITOR; OF TIM TIMS. ' Sir,-III T Ie V=mea of Thursday lat is reported a pee*of Mr. 31'Gnire,- the member for DungxrvanF on the econs£ ' reading of Mr. Dunlop's Reformatory Schools (SWandf BilL In that speech the honourable member is zpoedas making seriours elsrges of proselytism, among otEei Pm: testant e istitutious,againsttl e houses of refuge in thi city. " These sclmols,"'the hon. nm3nber ftys, "Are turned , the present monOeut to the basest of all obiects9&roseIyta.f Amonga nuinr.er of caes which Mr.] uire sajs he might bring forwvard t3 prove his charges of " sectarimnisn and bigotiY," he istanOceS twD:-" One Was the cas of X girl named M'Iaucblan, who had been placed i the Olasgow-House of Refuge for Girls. Soon after her receatiol? there, it havitg been eiscovered that she ws a Catholi she: was told that she inust be a Ca(tholic no longer, and all idnd* of persuamion -were uscd to induce her to change herreligion. These all proving ineffectnal, she was confine for three days in a dark room and fed only on bread and interj. At the end of these three days her courage failed, and shem yielded. ' "The second case was that of a boy ninelO'Donnell, wbo wvas taken up for seling lucifer matfhes; and sent to the House of Refuge for Boys in Glasgow, and wlho, while there, was not allowed to make the sign a th4> croas and to say tJie Are tearsin" j f As regards th,e first of these cases, the Convener of tIDi.. rectors, Mr. James Playfair, and the writer went iniedi* ately to the Female House, andmade the most rigid inlks.' gations-exaniining the respected matron and several4the. teachers separately with the admission book for g;T4ddmitted underthe Reformatory Act, wherenone of thaintn nor any corresponding to it was found. There had 7em* there, in IK. for a few months, a girl of the mAnloE Wlauchlan, who was on one occasion confined to a Uom; for three days on bread and -ater for vety disorderly Gon duct, but which had no reference 'whatever to her Weixg a Catholic, and for which girls of any other religious blier would have been similarly dealt with. The matron and teachers separately declared that there is no " darl; rcxm in the institution ; that no inmate had ever been confinm i any room atany time foravowingRoman Catholic sentimEtg . nor had any attempts been ever made to dissuade an inr ,te much less confine her on a diet of "bread and *ate'5 for such purpose ; that distinctions of creed, as Euch, ire entirely unknown in the house, and that if at any ine nmkind allusion on the ground of differences of faI iis made by a Protestant inmate she is severely reprimandeL The second case alleged is equally devoid of foiindalon; There is no boy named OaDonnell in the males' hose. nor has been for tbe last seven years. But, Sir, I dc. not tal-e refuge under the possibility of the honourble member making a mistake as to the boy's namne. Problbly the case alluded to is one which the Home Secretar3instructed Sir John Ktincaid, Her Majestys Inspecto, or Prisons for Scotland, toinvestigate in October las. Maher than give my own version of that case, I beg to ,b. join the minute of the House Committee relative to-the investigation. " House of Refuge, Nov. 12, l85E- Inter alia,-" The Convener intimated that Sir John Hu.- caid had visted the house nursuant to instructions receindl from the Secretary of Stet;, relative to an alleged case oS aprosCytim committed on an inmate beloning to t1h tpersusion. *SirLXncaid read eSecret4ry of State's letter to the governor, enclosing one continng sundry charges from a Catholic priest in Ireland.' Ie governor without any previous communication wvith the)qoy called him before Sir John, who closely examined him c every point referred to. The result of the examination w%% a complete refUtation of every statement in the letter, aid Sir John's entire satisfaction as to the groundlessness of tie charges." Imay state that the principal allegation made intie letterabove referred to ws, that the boy was sent, cor -to his will, to a Protestant church in this city. The bo Sir John that he had not been at church at all, and that tf governor had never Epoken a word to himw about changiu hs relizon. .Now, Sir, in all fairness, is it ight, is it judicious, will %_ serve the object that our REa)man Catholic friends seek kb accomplish, to make charges so entirely without foun&. tion ? Is not such a Course calculated to revive the vey spirit of tion against which 3ir. M'Guire so eliquently eclaims ? I beg most emphatically to state tht; the directors of the houses of refuge have given mc positive instructions, which entirely harmonize with mr own convictions to countenance no distinctions of creedliB the institution. To avoid even the semblance of proselytisrr, the clergymen who w,ere once on the committee of management ceased to be nominated as directors several years ag. It has been to the managers a source of sincere satisfactior, as lately stated by the learned Sheriff llell, of this city, on i public occasion, thatGlasgow,at least, has hitherto beenfra from the unhappy differences which in other places los sight of the reclamation of the unfortunate victims of crimn in the unseemly jarrings of contendmg partes, and ther lost no opportunity cf perpetuating that benevolent feedin The directors therefore deeply deplore that the hon. mew ber, before maling sach pusibhc charges iu his place in Parliamnent, did not previously afford an opportanity of testini their veracity. The houses of refuge have been built through the volun tary contributions of the citizens of Glasgow. and thefr aol4 aim is to rescue the fallen through industrial training, combined with the education commonly received at schools, without the remoteEt reference to creeds or parties of any Eda. The managers value too highly the blessings o' religionus freedom themselves to countenance in the slightest degree any infringement on the re igious liberty of others; they consequently disclaim, in the strongest terms, any participation in the system deprecated by the hon. member. They feel, too deeply the degradation of niany of the youth of our cities, and are too anxious for their re_, eovery to the decenides of society to lose sight of so ira portant an object in order to gratify any disposition to pro... selytize. The neglectof parents who have no religion theni. selves, and whose children inamost instances are beyond thepale of every re4lgious community has forced on the managers, as a protection to society anmi on the ground of 8 common humanitly, to act tovwards these "city Arabs? it7 locoparcetuis. And while doing so they'aillnot desist fron what they deem an. imperahve duty at the risk of btingi charged -with "proselytism," until those wio miake suce allegations come fo rward and share with them in their banevolent enterprise. I have thehonour to remain, Sir, yours mo$t respectful -&L- .UM, Goveoro House Ou Ru viuumelfl Ox amnngeXmlm-, -_ House of Ref-uge, Glasgow, Marcoh 17.
THE DES2RBUC2ION OF COyEN7GARDE.Y THEATRE. TO THE EDITOR OF TE TDMES. Sir,-A statement appears in the report of the meeting of shareholders of Covent-garden Theatre, published in The Times of this day. As this statement contains a ve.. grave and perfectly false accusation against myself, I ask you, as an act of simple justice, inpubliing tis letter, to allow my contradiction to be as unIversally deminae as the assertion of which I comPlain. A Mr. Mfarcus Sharpe is ieported to have said.-" We ouight to have been called togetherbefore the burning of the houEe, and not after it. If we haa been told that it was proposed to let the theatre to Mr. Anderson, lnowing that two theatres in the occupation of that gentleman had previously been burnt to the ground, we should certainly have objected to let him occupy the building." First, as to the theatre being let to a tenant with thestigmaof "two theatres bunt to the ground" on his head. I can only say that it seems passg strange that the renters should be so scrpulous and sen,sitive in 16, svhen, in 1846, nearly 10 years since, they let me this same Covent-garden Theatre, whtere I gave my magic performances and promenade concerts for several weel;s. Next, as totbe "two theatres burnt to the grounLd." The one and only theatre which was ever consumed by fire during my connexion with it was my own theatre-the City Theatre, Glasgow, destroyed the year immediately preced. I my first occupancy of Covent-garden. I buit that esatbishment at a cost of l5,000. The insurance I had effected upon it amounted to 6,50iM., the 'whole of which went to discharge the heavy liabilities I had incurred in building the theatre. Igaveup every particle of propertylpossessed to my creditors, and I had to borrow a 5g.-note and begin the world afresh as an artist in magic. To visit a man with terms of reprobation and sander because one theatre-his own-happens to be burnt down, when he has given his performance in almost every theatre in the IJnited States -oE America, and in very many theatres of continental Europe, isasunjustasit is]ibellous. I do not allude to my ex. tended career in any spirit of sell-laudatlon or desire for publicity. I am simply stating the trnth, which my books and the testimony of all who know me will confirn. I think it wvonld have been far more decent on the part of 3fr. Marcus Sharpe to have satisied himself of the trnth or a statement before he made it in so public and deliberate a manner. I know the pro.er time and place in which to! resent a libel, but the imnmediate w3rong done me by such an inputation in 27hC Tivics prompts me, pending any other meaes I may take, to seek immediate redress by akidng a. place in your columns for these few lines. TI S*i. vAn- a-hA;-:n r- RN i MYORIONII 5, auvistock-street, Covent-garden, March 1S.
AD=TERATiO OF Awne AT ROrnuni L-A the Rotherham Court-house, on Monday, Mr. Joseph Crossly, miller and flour dealer, was charged on seParata -informna'ions with adulterating flour withgypswn, and with selling adulteratedflour. On thc 23d of February Mr. Bland, the chief constable of R~otherham, sent a avoman h> the defendant's shop to p)urchawse tw.o samples of flour, sold at 2s. lOfi and 2s. Sd. a-sione respectively, and handed oversome portions of the flour to DAr. Shearr4an, themedical officer of the :Rotherhal B3oard of Mecalth, for analysis. Ther Doctor certified as the result of his analysis that, while tha more costly flour was free from adulteration to any appe. ciabc extent, the cheaper flour was adulterated with potato barle, and rye flour (with the former to a considerable and the litter to a less exlent), and that it also containedpea andbean flour in -verv smallquantities. On the 1st of M:arch MIr. Bland searched the defendantsmill at Msbrough, but found no adulterating materials except some refuse of rice used. in the adulterationEofran ad sharps. -While Mr. Bland 'was at the mill, however, a cart was loaded with 15 or 16 hags of flo, to. be taken to the defendant's shop; and this cart Mr Blanddetainedas itwaspassingtho courthouse, andtoktherefrom samples of the two kdnds of Ifour which it con. tained. These samples were forwarded to lir. SLater of Sheffield,-analytical chymist, for analysis; and aMr. Slater discovered that, 'while the dearer flour was scarcely, if at-al, adulterated, the cheaper article contained a considerable quantityg psum-a maineral agent composed of lime aid sulphuric acid. It waa on these analyses that the proceeding were taken; ankd witnesses were called to prove the facts mentioned. For the defence it was alleged that 3r. Crossly had not, either by hircself or his agents, adulterited - the fiour, or sold four which W as to his knowledge adulterated. The Bcn¢h, after a brief consultaVion, finef the defendant 5l., with . 13s. costa, on tiheformer charge; and 5&:l,with 41. lOs. costs, on the latter. MIr. Fernell, solicitor, Sheffield, 'wo app ed for the defendant, gave notice of appeal,
OFFICERS AND SOLDIERS OF MERIT IN THE CRIMEA. * A " nominal return of officers, non-commissioned officers, andprivates mentioned or recommended for distinguished services inthe reports of GeneralsCodringtonand larkham, and in that of the Brigadiers attached to their respective divisions, on the occasion of the storring of the Redan on the 8th of September, 1855," was published yesterday in answer to an address of the Eouse of Commons. We sub. [join the list of those distinzaished soldiers:- SECOND DIVISION.-LIauT rsT-G}NxAL MAXEKH5. Staff.-Brigadier-GeneralWarren,C.B.; Bri adier-General Windham, C.B.; Colonel Wilbraham, C.., A.A.G.- Colonel the Hon. P. iE. Herbert, C.B., A.Q.M.G - Ca taix Bellairs, D.A.A.G.; Brevet-Major Thompson, D.LQ.1.G Personal Staff.-Captain Thesiger, Grenadier Guards, A.D.C.; Lieutenant King, Royal Horse Artillery, A.D.C. Lieutenant Mlure, 43d Foot, extra A.D.C.; Captain Cooke, R.E., attached for the occasion. FIRST BRIGADE.-Brigadier-General Warren. Stair.-Captain Werge, Brigade Major; Lieutenant Morgan, 55th Foot, A.D.C. 1st Foot.-Colonel Huey. 30th Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel Mauleverer, LieutenantColonel Patullo, Major Atcherley, Captain Pocock, Captain Green, Lieutenant Saunders. 55th Foot.-Major Cure, commanding; LieutenantColonel Cuddy, Captain Robert Hume, Captain Elton, Captain John Hue, aptain Richards. SiCcor .BBRIGADE.-Brigadier-GeneraI Windham. Staff. C tain Roke, Brigade-Major; Lieutenant Svire, 17th .0t, A.D.C. 3d Foot.-Major Maude, Captain Lewis, Lieutenant and Acting-Adjutant Roe. 41st Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel Eman, C.B.; Captain Rowlands, Captain Every.. 62d Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel Tyler, MajorDaubeney (mentionedas commanding), Captain Cox, Captain Cooch, Lieutenant Blaldston, Lieutenant Palmer, ideutenant Davenport. LIGHT DIVISION.-LExTN-. G3-ERAL CODRUiGTON. Staff.-Brigadier-General C. T. Van Straubenzee, Brigadier-GeneralShirley, C.B. ; Lieutenant-Colonel S. Brownrigg C.B., A.A.G. ; Lieutenant-Colonel Airey, C.B., A.Q. I.; Major the Hon. H.. Clifford, D.A. A-G. ; Mlajor the Hlon. A. Cathcart, D.A.Q.M.G. ; Dr. Alexander. Personal Staff.-Captain the Hon. W. Campbell, Cap. tain Ponsonby, Captain Montagu, R.E. FnMST BRIGADE.-Brigadier-General Van Straubenzee. Stag.-Captain Prettyman, Brigade Major; Lieutenant Newton, 3d Foot, A.D.C.; Captain Williams, R.A., Acting A.D.C. 7th Fusileers.-Brevet-Major Turner, Captain Hibbert, Brevet-Lieutenant-Colonel Heyland, Captain Marten. 2-3d Foot.-Colonel Lysons, Lieutenant-Colonel Bnubury, C.B.; Captain Drewe, Captain Vane, Captain Poole, Lieutenant and Adjutant Dyneley. Assistant-Surgeon Sylvester volunteered to dress the wounds of Lieutenant Dyneley umder fire, -when that officer was under the Iussian lines. 33d Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel Gough, Lieu'tenant Trent, Lieutenant-Donovan. 34th Foot.-Colonel Goodenough (mentioned as commanding), Major Simpson. 2d Battalion Rifle Brigade.-Lieutenant-Colonel Macdonnell (mentioned as commanding), Major Woodford (ditto), Captain Balfour, Captain Hammond, Captain Fyers, Captain the Hon. B. Pellew. Lieutenant Moore, Lieutenant Ryder, Lieutenant Grey, Lieutenant Sotherby, Lieutenant Playne, Lieutenant BaiDie (mentioned as commanding a party), Lieutenant Scriven (ditto). aSEco.n-D BRIGADE.-Bngadier-General Shirley, C.B. Sotaff-Brigade MZajor Glyann; Lieutenant Day, 88th Foot, 97th Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel Hon. H. Erandcock, M1ajor Welsford, Captain Hutton, Captain Sibthorp, CaDtain Lumley, Captain Woods, Captain Legh, Lieutenant Whitehead (the last two are mentioned as being the only officers in this regiment untouched), Lieutenant Goodenough, Ileutenant Brown, Lieutenant and Adjutant Maegregor, L.ieut en ant Fitzgerald, E3nsigtn Hill. 90th Foot.-Captains Grove, Smith^,Vaughan, Tinling, Close, Crealock, Wade, Magenis, Preston; Lieutenant Graham. Lieutenant Deversill 77th Foot.-Captain Carden, Brevet Major Hickman, Captain Parker, Captain Chawner, Captain Willington, Captain Butts. 88th Foot.-Lieutenant-Colonel G. Maxwell, Major E. 7laxwell, Captain Maynard, Captain Steevens, Captain Mauleverer. 19th Foot.-Lientenant-Colonel Unett, C.B.; Brevet Major Warden, Captain Bright, Captain Chippendall. NON-COIDIISSIONED OFFICERS AND MET. SECOND DIVISION.-LIEu--T-G'.,mAL MAIRKIAM. 3d Foot.-Corporals John Salmon, John Clement Milton; Lance-Corporal John Barron; Drummer Henry Healy; Privates Lawrence Sexton, Matthew Donovan, Francis Spier, Michael Barrett, William Browsne, John Williams, J2ohn Hall, John Davies. 41st Foot.-Colour-Sergeants Wiliam Davies, Lionel Fitzgerald, James Kelly; Sergeant James O'Neil- Privates William Connors, John Culbert, William Daily, Patrick Garvey, John HiUison, John Kennally, Martin Boan. 62d Foot.-Colour-Sergeants Joseph Young, Joseph Lyness; Sergeants Daniel Loder, John Brady; Corporal William Black-man; Privates Hugh Reilly, Thomas Carney, William Findlay, Denis Healey, Thomas Johnson, James Farrell, Thomas Bacon, Thomas Berry, John Conghlin, John Lawes. The above volunteered to go from advanced trench to bring wounded men in from the front of the Redan on the night of the 5th of September. Privates Thomas Johnson, Bedford Chapman, William Freeman. These three men also volunteered to bring in wounded from the front in daylight of the 8th of September. LIGHT DIVISION.-i-EwAxsT-G3msaAL CODRINGTO.N. 23dFoot.-Lance-Corporal Shieldls- Privates J. Taylor, M. Ahern, T. Kennedy, T. Green. These five volunteered to bring in LIeutenant Dyneley from under the Russian lines. 90th Foot.-Sergeant-Majos Cummin, Saunaerson, Monaghan, Smallie. 97th Foot.-Colour-Sergeant R. Smith, Sergeant F. Wedgeworth, Drummer A. Curran, Privates H. Jackson, J. Cotterell, A. Aherm.
NAVAL PRrZE M0roi. ;WOTiCE OF INhTE2DED DiSmmuBo.T OF NAVAL PBizF mONEY. (From the L,ondDoz (ozetz e of Taesday, M..h 18.1 Westminster, March 14. Notice is hereby given to Ca tainJohn Sanderson, late Commander of Her Majesty's s:oop Lily, and the officers and crew late under his command, that a distribution of an award recently granted for the destruction of pirates and piratical junks on the 5th and 6th of February, 1852, will De made at No. 14, Great George-street, Westminster, on tbe 26th. inst., when the shares not then demanded will be recalled for three months:-
[Advertisement.}-While the- subject of national educ3a tion is being languidly discussed in Parliament, and while faction is rendering abortive every measure that is proposed, private enterprise, ever in adavance of the Government, is enabling the peopleto ediucate themselves. Without the aid of an act of Parhament or of public moneyanypersonmayobtain for Gd a-mouth au education znperior tothat which nine-tenths of tho middle class of society receive. On the 29th of Marchwil appear the fist weekdy number of the re-igsue of Cassell's "Popular Educator," edited by l'refess orWaflae.Ar.M., of the University of Glasgovf and CoUeliate Tutor of the Universiy of London, price lLd.; to bepublished also innonthly pars, price 7dand Sjd.* in eivisions in a handsome colourediarpper, price Is.; and in half-yearly volumes. price 45. 6d. The vhole comPlete in six volumes, comprising an invaluable librarY of useful knowledge. ?or the convenience of those vvho wish to complete sees ithout delay, or to purchse the entire w ork, thewhole vsl be kept on hand during theperiod of re-issue. The first three volumes may also be had on interior paper atld. per number; 5d. and 6dL per part; 3s. CL pervol.; orcomplete in one vol.. 9s. 6cd Londo. W. Kent and Co., Paternoster-row; and all boonellera and nev.-enders in the umited kingdom. IiAdvertisement.]-" A Compazative Table" is just pub. iaced, and d free by post on receipt of one stamp, by 8amuel Brothers, 29, Lugdato-hilJ. showing the highest and lowest price.of bread, flour, and wheat during each year, from January 1,. 18^35, to December 31, 1855. The purpose is to la^ce at one glance before tho rea,der a comprehensive view of aUl tSoe relative nicissitudes of the breadand wheat snarketa under the variouscircumatances of nation[.l prosperityor reverse and the various fiscal regulations which have operated ding the period in question. "The table is altogether' Very sugge8tive."--Morning Advertiser. "The result of the bak$W competition may be plainly seen in this little table.L-Daily bews. [Advertisement.-MThe New Novels, now reedy at aU the Libraies.-I. "Our Own Story;" by Selina Bunbury, 3 voeL "An exceedingly instructive and. improving hook"John Bu3L " The feelin in which it abounds iS very genuine, and touches the heart."Examiner. 2. ' argaret and* her Bride4maids;:" by the author of 'Woman's Deyotion," 3 vole. 3. "Madeline Cisre," by Colburn Wayne. Esq., 3 vots. "In the story of 'Madelne Clare' the reader viiinotfail to be deeply interested.-Literar Gazette. 4. "Olive Hastings;" by Mrs. Parry,3ve 5. "TheLadyof Fashion r by the author of " The History of a Flirt." 3 vols. 6. " Rachel Gray ;" by Ali-ss Kavanagh, I vol, flurstnd Blaclett, publhqers (succesEM0 lHenry Colburn).,
MONE Y-MABKHETandCI.TY DT'TRLLIrGXNOZB Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold t Paris is about t.per mille premium (aocording to the last tariff), which, at the English Mint price of 3l. 17s. 1 Md. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.32; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25.40, it follows that gold is about 0.31 per cent. dearer in Iondon than in Paris. By advices from Hmburg the price of gold is 426r per mark, which, at the English Mint price of 31. 17s. 10id. per oz. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 13.56; and, the exchange at Hamburg on London at short being 13.7., it follows that gold is 0.98 per cent. dearer in London than in Hamburg. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 109k per cent., and, the par of exchange between England and America being 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchange is nominally 0.33 per cent. against England; but, after makdng allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. The English funds have again been flat to-dav in consequence of continued realizations. Consols for money, which left off last evening at 92 to i, were first quoted 91i to 92. Occasional transactions subsequently took place at 92i, but the final prices were 91i to 92 for money, and 9211 to I for the account. Consol scrip left off at 2 to i premium; Exchequer scrip, 1j to 2 premium; India bonds, 10s. to 5s. discount; Exchequer bonds, 98j to A, and Exchequer bills (June) par, (March) 2s. to 4s.premi un. Mone3 continues in good supply on the Stcok Ex;change. In thediscount market, also, there is increased ease, although not-hing~ is dn eo ser cent, securities were done below 6 Foreign securities were heavy in the later hQurs of business, the speculators having then exhibited a disposition to increase their sales. In Turkish Six per Cents. the operations were at 98, 98k, 971, and 98 for the account; the Four per Cent. Guaranteed, 100k and i for the account. Spanish was well supported, owmg to purchases on continental orders. The Three per Cents. for the account were negotiated at 45 ; the New Deferred for account, 25* and 25; Passive, 7k; and Spanish Celtificates of Coupon not funded, 6k, i, and 6. The other operations comprised-Granada New Active, 21; Mexican, for money, 20; for the account, 20*; Peruvian Four-and-a-Half per Cents. 79k for money, and 79 for the account; Russian Five per Cents., 103k and 104; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 93X; Dutch Two-and-a-Half per Cents., 63 ; and t e Four per Cent. Certificates, 96. ln the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates remained the same as last post. The closing prices from the Ta-is Bourse tIis evening failed to arrive, but the opening transactions were at 72f. 85c., showing a further decline of more than a quarter per cent. At Vienna the funds yesterday experienced an improvement of 1l per cent. At Amsterdam Dutch Stocks remainwithout alteration, but Spanish and Portuguese continue to advance. The letters from Paris state that the half-monthly settlement on the Bourse was proceeding amid much confusion, but that the rates of interest paid- for carrying transactions forward to the next account were lighter than on the previous occasion. The amount of specie from New York to-day by the Asia is 112,0001., of which a portion is probably on French account. The Magdalena, West India steamer, has sailed from Southampton with 16,0001., and the Sultan, for Portugal, with 42,2951. A statement has been circulated in Ireland, that " the great bulk of the English shareholders in the Tipperary Bank are tenants of Baron Rothschild, who purchased from Mr. Sadleir about 1,100 shares at 111. each, and resold them at 121. 10s. ;" and the Freemn?eo's Journal observes, in relation to it, that "the fact of the eminent capitalist having been duped by Mr. Sadleir is a remarkable one." Any contradiction of the tale must be unnecessary in London; but for Irish readers it must be mentioned that Baron Rothschild never had a business transaction with Mr. Sadleir, and was never interested in any undertaking with which Mr. Safeir was connecteo. According to letters from Galatz, received by Messrs. Charles Joyce and Co., it appeaxs that towards the end of February more than 100 vessels, chiefly German, had come up the Danube, and that freiglhts had declined considerably. At the date of the latest advices from Sulina the depth of water on the bar was about 10 Venetian feet, The representative of one of the principal export houses in Gfalatzhad just returned from a visit made toVienna, for the purpose of urging upon the Austrian Government the importance of taking inunediate measures to improve the navigation of the river. He was received, it is stated, withi marked courtesy by Baron Bruck and the officials of the Ministry of Commerce, and it is understood that orders have been already sent to Constantinople to purchase a steam-dredging machine, to be employed in deepening the channel at Sulina. In addition to thi'q, anumber of. buoys will be laid down to mark but the Channel, and at the same time serve for mooring ships.that may be detained by unfavourable winds; a light ship also is to be stationed'off the entrance, with a sufficient guard to preserve order. All these measures are regarded as likely to prove very beneficial to the commerce of the Danube, and are perhaps as muchl as could be expected of Austria, who is not suzerain of the territories that will be chiefly benefitted. It is suggested, however, that an additional guarantee of vast importance would be secured if one of the great maritime Powers, Great Britain for example, were to take a direct interest in the establisbmient and maintenance of -a really good state of things at the mouth of the river. The question, it is added, " ought to possess a peculiar interest for England, whose manufactures will find, in the Danubian Principalities an outlet the importance of which can hardly be over-estimated." According to the Vienna correspondence of or'he Times of to day, it appears that the treaty for the sale and concession of the Austrian railways in Italy to the section of capitalsts headed by tessrs. Rothschild has been definitively arranged. They are to purchase 273 English miles, which are already completed, and to undertake 223 miles which remain to be constructed, in addition to the Central Italian line. The total network to come into their possession will therefore comprise about 680 English miles. The company are to pay for the finished lines 2,400,0001. by instalments spread over six years, with 660,0001. additional in case the average profits during that time shall exceed 7 per cent. The whole capital required is estimated at 10,000,0001., on which the Austrian Government guarantees 5 per cent. The annual meeting of the Colonial Gold Companytookplace to-day, Mr. H. Buckle presiding, when it was agreed to adopt the report and accounts. Great dissatisfaction was expressed at the results of the management, the whole capital of 100,0001. having been absorbed in addition to the proceeds of the last call, which amounted to nearly 10,0001. Operatons have been altogether abandoned in New South Wales, but an opinion is ex- pressed that it maybe desirable to attempt furth'er experiments in Victoria. The ill success of Australian and Californian mining enterprise was considered by the shareholders to prohibit- any further outlay, and a feeling was therefore expressed that it would be. 'desirable, to wind' up.. After mutual explanations it was determined to-wait the arriival of the report of- Mr. Spence, -when another meeting will be -forthwithl convened.' Annexed is an abstract of the statement presented by the directors " The last report of the directors inforned theproprietors that it had been arranged with Mr. Spence that, on his zeturn to Australia, he should proceed first to Victoria, armed with ful powers to act on the co pfany's behalf. r. Jeno arnved at Melborne in the rt of May last lI tonce roceededto Saudhurst,w'nerehe remained nearly amonth; he thea went to New South Wales byway of the Ovens district, and arrnved at Sydney on the 30th of Jun. In December the directors circulated amwng the proprietors printed copies of letters received fron Mr. Spence, dated in July and Aucgust, desribing the state in vwhich 'ahc found the wvorks of the company in New South Wales on his return to that colony, and informing tho directors that he had arranged with the Great NuggetVein Gold Mining Companyhto reduce their Royalty te an uniforn rate of 10 per cent. on the produce. The operations at bLouisa-creek duri,ng i t Spenceie absence had been attnded writh considerable loss, and notwithstanding that since his return ho has effected, a large reduction in the monthly expenditure, and that:the dues to the Great Nuggett Company have been r,edra.ced one-half, the accounts last rece*ved show that the qwantity of 'old obtained had not been suflicient to cover even such reduced e.xpenditure,- and held out but little induce,ment to continue the operations. in that locality. At Tanb'aroora the stamping machinery was not putlinto operatiop. until the beginning of February, and the directors regret tbo say that, tontrary to all previops expectation, the reduction of the quartz from the Royal ven, both anterior and subsequent to Mr. Spence's return, Las proved that this vein also is too poor to be wosked to advantage. At Burraidong the prospecting was continued:on the Bar of the Macquarie, but no adequate mue cis. attended the triaL Mr. Spence, on his return, made further experiments, but soon decided on abandoning the enterprise. The directors, disappointed in the result of every undertaking hitherto entered into in the colony of New Soutb Wales, have reluctantly abandoned their hopes of success-in that quarter, and have instructed Mr. Spence to dispose of all machinery not required for operations elsewhere. The instructions to bring the affairs of the company in the colony of Victoria to an immediate close, which the directors in their last report informed, the proprietors had been sent to Mr. Comer, reached that gentleman about the end of 1854. He at once took steps to discontiniue all opezations involving labour, and to terminate the engagements of the officers who were employed under agreements. With a viev, however, to prevent a sacrifice of the company's roperty, Mir. Comer thought it necessary to ap I to the t overnment to be allowed to purchase the freehoTI of the plot of ground at Sandhurst on which the plant, workshops, and other buildings were erected. The result was a survey and valuation of the company's buildings by the prolpe Government officer, preparatory to the land being put np for sale by public auction. On the arrival of mr. Spence at Sandhurst the steps thus taken by hlr. Comer were considered, and Mr. Spence concurred with Hr. Comer in opnion, that the only chance of realzing any thing beyond a mere nominal price for the buildings and machinery was to obtain a freehold right to the ground. After-great delay the land was eventually put up to auction and purchased for the company on the 9th of October for 2101. The last communications from Mr. Comer advise that he has advertised the property for resale in small allotments by public auction, with the exception of the portion of ground on. which are the tank and small engine, these being reserved in order that Mr. Bawden may carry out the trials which Mr. Spence has instructed him to make. "Di DiDg the past 12 months such important discoveries of rich goid quartz have been made in Victoria that the directors have been induced to consider the desirableness of resuming operations in that colony under the superintendence of Mr. Spence. "At Rotheerhithethe amount of business was found to be so limited that the directors, under the advice of the -nanagers, decided upon closing the works; there are now only two men retained to watch the works and keep the mach nery in repair, and, a portion of the premises having been temporarily let off, the charge on the company is nowreduced. to te lowest possible amount consistent with security. The freehold of Sunderland 'Wharf, which was purchased by the company, has been sold at a trifling advance on the sum paidf(or it, and the directors not thinking it desirable to continue the occupation of these works propose to sell both the plant and lease as early as possible. In consequence of the non-remittance of funds from Victoria, which the directors hadcalculated upon receiving, it became necessary to provide means to discharge the liabilities which they had mourred in making provision for biUs drawn by the superintendent in that colony, and they therefore in October last made a call of 2s. 6d. per share, which has been paid upon 96,830 shares; the remaining 3,170 shares which avenot been paid upon the directors propose to forfeit. The directors feel it to be quite impossible to place before the shareholders any reliable valuation of the assets, for although, should the operations in Victoria be resumed, the machinery and stores may fairly be taken to represent their cost price, they would in all probability, if forced to sale, realize a very reduced amount. The directoirs having now bre-aght under the notice of the shareholders -the proceedings of the company during the past year, and the present state of its affairs, it remains for them to point out three courses which are open for consideration :-L To take iunmediate steps for the windig up of the company. 2. To .carry on fresh operations in Victoria, which will probably involve the calling up a further moderate amount of capital, should the funds now in the colony not prove adequate. 3. To await the expected report of Mr. Spence as to the deirableness of resuming operations in Victoria, before coming to any definite conclusion. This last course is the one to which the directors are, on the whole, disposed to give a preference, and, should it be adopted, a meeting of the proprietors will be convened so soon as 3Mr. Spence's report is received." At a second extraordinaryrmeeting of theCha-tered Bank of India, China, and Australia, held to-day, the resolution for confirmning the reduiction of the capital to a sum of not less than 400,0001. was passed. The amount with which operations will be commenced is 200,0001., and this forthe present appears to be. considered adequate, as it is not proposed to extend business to Australia. The total capital can hereafter be increased by applications to the Treasury to 2,000,0001. The following letter calls attention to the almost universal disregard of the provisions of the Stamp Act, with respect to the cancelling, of receipt and draught stamps :- X " There is a great amount of misunderstanding, or, more properly, perhaps, there is very little right understanding, of the law relatig to the use of adhesive stamps. I refer to the mode of cancelling or obliterating these stamps. ' Not more than 1 in 20 appears to be legally cancelled. Every person seems to havena plan of his own. On receipt stamps may be seen the words 'Dear,' 'Gentlemen,' 'Sir; ' Settled,' -' Received,' or every conceivable form of hieroglyphic, intended, of course, as a 'flourish.' Draught stamps admit only of more limited illustrations. They are cancelled by a ' x,' a hieroglyphic, the word ' order,' or the date, and they are sometimes left for the cancelling to be done at the bankers. All this is contraxy to law. Nothing can. be more stringent than thi Stamp Act upon this subject, and yet it is scarcely known either in. L>ondont orthe provinces. "' Here -is my authority,-lOth and 17th of Victoria ^hap. 59, Stamp Duties, 4th of August, 1853, clause 3 cnacts, 'that the Commissioners of Inland Revenue shall provide adhesive stamps for receipts and for draughts or orders.' " Clause 4 enacts, that ' In any case where an adhesive stamp shall be used for the purpose aforesaid on any receipt, or upon any draught or order, respectively chargeable wi?h the duty of Id. by this act, the person by whomsach receipt shall be given, or such draught or order signed or made, shall, beforethe instrumentshallbedeliveredoutof hishands, custody, or power, cancel or obliterate the stamp so used, by writing thereon his name or the initial letters of his name, so and in such a marner as to show clearly and distinctly that such stamp has been made use of, and so that the same I zmay not be agan used; and if any person who shall write or give any such receipt or discharge, or make or sign any sach draught or order w;ith any adhesive stamp thereon, shall not bond .1de, in manner aforesaid, effectually cancel or obliterate such stamp, he shall forEeit the sum of 101.' At the Court of Bankruptcy to-day the last examination of Mr. C. J. Mlare was adjourned, the accounts, which are voluminous, not having been filed. The dividends on the Peruvian Three per Cent. Bonds have been advertised for payment.
BAILWAY AND MlfING SHARES. Tuesdy Evenig. The railway-market on the average was steady, and prices in some cases exlubited a tendency to increased firmness. Australian land anld banking shares presented little alteration, -the transacti6ns having been unimportant. Otherjoint-stockbanldng shares were heavy, with a moderate amount of business. There were no transactions in Canada Land, and the final quotation waa 143 to 148. Bank of Egypt left off 1 to If pm.; Ottoman Bank, i to 4 pm.; Western Bank, 4 to 2 discount; and National Discount Company, i to i discount.
STATE OF T?ADR. MANCEESTER, FLAJCH 19. The advices by the Asia, this moming, frorh the United States, to the effect that the rivers were nising, and that cotton was coming forward in large quantities, had a depressing effect on the yarn-market, and prices of export qualities gave wayiUy Ad. per lb. In some cases spinners have sold at a slight further reduction, while buyers are disposed to hold back, and take advantage of any effect that may be produced upon the market for the raw; material at I&verpool-I There has, consequently, been very li.tle business affected. According to American letters cotton was _likelyto conitinue coming down to the ports in large quaa- tities, now that facilities for water-carriage are greater. - The cloth-market was not affected this morning to the same extent as yarn. The home-trade houses are unusuaUr busy, and, though exporters are less active than they have been, mnanufacturers are well under contract and unwilling to take new orders at anything under full prices. Longcloths and T-cloths are less saleable than most other fabrics, yet there are some good orders in the hands of manufacturers, .ad prices are nominaUy the sameas last weel MNessrs. John Slagg and Co. report :-" We have to-day a very quiet but finn market. There is stilI a steady businessdoing for the home trade at full prices. For India. and China goods there is less inquiry, both buyers and sellers preferring to wait the terminatin of present contracts t.o makiig further engagements. In ether descliptionssthere isno change to notice." LZEEDS, MAcH} 18. TIhewoollen cloth trade continues brisk, so far as them maurfacturers are concerned, but the stocks iu the hands of the mke2chauts are rather heavier than they were a nionth. ago, purchases having been mnade in anticipation of an increased demand on the proclamation of peace. The newr goods brought to market are purchasea freely, and to-day's markets have been very fairlyattendede and more cloth has been sold than came into the hall. since Satarday. Th&export houses are likely to find am early improvement in. the Australian, 'United States, and' Canadian markets. The report of the HuddersfLeld maket to-day is to the effect that there has not been quite-so active a demand an last Tnesday, but that a ful average amount of businesa has been done, especially in cloths and trouserings of no.veL styles. Both in Leeds and Huddersfield the wool trade is finn an to price, -aith an upward tendency and a good deman& d
TJIE CORN TBADE. LIVYRPOOI TuIWAZ, &AMCH 18. The arrivals from .freland sud costwie during the r"t weekLhayr been light 2adfr .m foreign portswe aveoulyQreeoved 6126 quc-ters of wheat (of vWbi h 2,270 quarters are Egptian), 2,674 quartrs or Indiancorn, and 2,oD0barrelsoffo.ur The exports in the sametima compraiep 830 ai artes of wheat 187 quarters of oats, 4,3ii quarters of Indian corn,6';9sacks and 1,010 barrels of- doer. Therebas been a good buslne3y doing in every artiele ol the trade sinooTuesdaylast, aunn prires have,# .x~peiced a £mrther im:provemelnt. The wind h%ving be eaome more southeriy. slomc rain has zallen, and the weather is milder. At tbisyXay'ssmtrket there Was aSaUll asttedae of the toWn and. eountry $-sade~ and wheatmet with only a limited.retail demand, at a advan or,f 3d. to 4Zper 7mb. on the prices od Tuesday for finer quaities. brit oly Id. to 2per 701b. on inferior. -lour was difficult ta uov@, aU,bough offered on former terms. Oats and, oatmeal maiy be 23'.edId. per451b., and 6d. ler load dearer, but with a alor. sale. J:ley, beans, and peas remained withoutalterationin value. Q ndiarL ,rn was much presedfor siie. aud in the aboenoe of deman a refdntion of fuliy 1s. per quarter ws submitted to, prime northerix yellow beingobtainable at 32s. d.., mixed, 32s., rjd white 33a ye quarter. LiEEDP, XAY,O S 18. V Wheat sulports last Tuesday's advTane. but tbetradaig ffroeu bisk. Gooa heavy buiey is is. per quarter dearer, but. liaht descriptions ere difcult to quit attte prioes. atN&ud bmA O bQV ratherdearer. - AUTTATA 5M- 'tnTS "AV ,,W r.
LONDON, WEDNESDAY, MARCH 19, 1856. After a long period of discussion, kept secret with jealous care, the result of the Paris Conferences is about to be given to the world. It is probable that peace wil be concluded some day before the 31st, in order to avoid the necessity.of renewing the armistice in the' Crimea. A subcommittee has been formed to draw up the terms of the treaty, which will be signed as soon as they have aompleted their work. The sub-committee is composed of Lord CowLEY, Baron BOuRQuNE:Y, Count BuoL, Count CAvouR, AALi PASHA, and Baron BRuNow, being one representative for each of the negotiating Powers. When peace shal have been signed it is intended, we believe, that the -Conference shall be dissolved, but that a committee shall be left sitting to carry out the details which there is not now time to arrange. The questions of the Principalities and of the Turldsh Christidns wiU probably receive the attention of this body. The Prussian Plenipotentiary, Baron BtwTEuF.E5L, has, no doubt, by this time arrived, in Paris, and will assist at the formal signature of peace, in right of Prussia having been one of the parties to the Treaty of 1840. Whatever may have been the views of the English Government as to the necessity of a Prussian Envoy's presence, they have felt bound not to oppose the wishes of other Powers on this point, and the Cabinet of Berlin will once more pledge itself to uphold the rights and independence of the Ottoman PonRTE. So far as we may consider matters to have been decided within the room in which the Conferences met, it wiU be- easily understood that Lord CLARnENDoN and Count ORLorr have borne the principal parts in this diplomatic Struggle. As it is, we believe, determined that the proceedings of the Conferences shall not be published, the details of what has taken place will probably either remain unlnown, or only escape into publicity gradually and after a long interval. That the British Plenipotentiary, however, should boldlly assert the determination of this country to obtain complete guarantees and satisfactory assurances, is only what might be expected of a 1inister who knows the spirit of his countrymen, their undiminished resources, and the severe judgment they wiU pass on any one whom they may conceive 'to have abandoned the high position which they have attained by such exertions and sacrifices. The Plenipotentiaries of Turkey and Sardinia have, we believe, given to the representations of Lord OLAREDON a support which makes us regret that the States which have accredited them are the least powerful members of the alliance. Lord Cr.:6ENDON should have indeed a commanding position. Great -Britain is at this moment both able and willing to carry on a great war. Although she entered into this contest after forty years' neglect of military armaments, she now possesses the largest forces of any State in Europe. Her fleets in the Baltic and the Black Sea will in any future campaign count many hundred pendants. Her army is in perfect condition, is continually reinforced, and is probably the largest which now occupies the shores of the Crinea. The financial state of the ccuntry is all that could be wished, ard any sums necessary to uphold its honour and interest will be voted with readiness by the Legislature. On the other hand, Russia, by the admission of her own statesmen, has lost upwards of 400,000 men, is in want of money and 3waerial, and can continue the war only by the most unheardof sacrifices. We cannot but think that the lesson which Russia has received will make it long before she again disturbs the peace of Europe. It may be said, therefore, that the object of the war will be attained, and the exertions of the Western Powers fully rewarded. But there certainly seems reason to doubt whether the terms likely to be agreed to - are such as will satisfy all the expectations entertained in England. Those expectations may have been larger than were warranted by the state of affairs; if so, the disappointment must be borne. The principal obstacle to a satisfactory peace has been, it is needless to say, the indiscreet and somewhat unworthy rejoicing with which the first news of a pacification was received on the continent. Count OnRoFF and his colleague would have been inclined to yield far more, had they not found how highly that gift was valued which they had the power to confer or withhold. So confirmed and earnest is the longing for peace now, that England is perhaps more unpopular for insisting on good termns for the allies than Russia is for withholding them. It is but natural that the French people should wish to end this war. They have played a high part in Europe-they have gained a reputation with which theymayrest content. But these great successes have been bought byno small sacrifices. The finances of Francehave been strained by war, and may be derange-d by its continuance. The call for men may before long interfere with the new-born industry of the country. Hostilities have interrupted those speculations for the rapid gain of wealth which occupy so much the attention of modern French society. The French people, therefore, are less anxious for thle stipulations of a treaty than for its immediate result. The EmPERont is but the representative of his subjects when he proclaims and proves his desire-for a pacification. We can well understand his wish that the birth of an Imperial heir should be announced together with the advent of tranquillity.. But we cannoti but think- that in the future men will discriminate between a weil-grounded anid an unstable peace. It will be no advantage to a child that'its birth is commemorated by an Amiens or a Tilsit. We trust that it is not too late to insist on all that the voice of Europe has proclaimed essential to the common safety, and that Russia may not, after an almost unbroken series of defeats, retain practically all that she possessed before the war. We have as clear - a perception as any one of the position of England. This c0untry is a- member of an alliance constituted for the attainment of a great end. It has therefore to some extent surrenderedits right of individual and separate action. The nation m fully proved its good faith during two years of trying war. The sucecesses of FRrance have been I asde posible by the disinterested support of England, a country always more desirous ofits object than of mere display in attaining it. We have therefore a, claim on those by whose side we have fought, and to whose capital we have helped to bring the common enemy, confessing his defeat. Although it may be beyond the present right of this country to refuse assent to the conditions which her allies may declare sufficient, yet we think that the union which a great crisis has established between France and England will be more enduring if our countrymen find that it has not failed to accomplish the objects for which they have sacrificed so much.
In the list of HBRr MAjrsTss Household and servants, occupying at least a dozen pages in the Bed Boo7c, and subdivided with a refinement worthy of the Statistical Society, there is a branch of the Lord Steward's Department called the " Silver Pantry." It contains, of course, three gradations,-three recognized, and likely enough several more. There are three Yeomen of the Silver Pantry, one Groom of the Silver Pantry, and six Assistants. There are also in the Royal Household porters innumerable of all kinds; and there are horses, and grooms, and fourgcas, and carts, and vehicles for every imaginable occasion. What they aU do,-whether they are like the bits of decoration put on bedsteads to hide the screws, or the old-fashioned bellropes, which you were particularly desired not to pull, because if you did they would certainly come down, it is not in our power to say. We are, however, able to see, now and then, what they do not, and how the work they pretend to do is really done. What a caricature of a grand establishment was that littIe incident at Paddington the other day ! It appears that whenever the Royal family performs one of its numerous migrations, it carries its plate with it, and a pretty considerable quantity. At the last removal from Buckingham Palace to Windsor it took a waggonload. Now, how was this done ? By the servants of the Royal Pantry, and the Royal porters, and Royal vehicles and horses No such thing. They are not madefor such vulgar uses. The Royal plate is actially carried on these occasions from Pimlico to the Paddington station in precisely the same way as the humblest of HER M3jnsrx's subjects would convey their heavy luggage from any one part of the metropolis to the other. A most ordinary carrier, the man who very likely the day before, or the morning of the same day, had carried the mangle and bedding and tables and chais of some migratory laundress, was employed a few days ago to carry all. the Royal plate from the gates of one palace to another. There was not even a Yeoman, or a Groom, or an Assistant, to see the carrier do his work. The whole precious freight was committed to him and his staff, and simple people, seeing a common carrier's waggon dragging up Grosvenor-place and through Park-lane, imagined it possibly contained groceries for Windsor, or a miscellaneous freight for Kilbun, while all the time it contained HER TAixsr's stock of plate in present use. No doubt, Royal personages themselves have submitted to such humiliations. But the other day an ex King and Queen of France were goiLng about in hack cabs. But in those instances misfortune gave a tragic dignity 4 the vehicle, and at all events the. fare coald take care of itself. Unfortunately this is not the case with gold and silver, which in all shapes are very apt to take to themselves wings and fly away. So at the last migration, when the carrier's men had got as far as a suburban lane called. the South Wharf-road, at Paddington, they yielded to the temptation that has sapped the virtue and lost the goods of many a canier before, and stopped at a familiar public-house to regale themselves, as carriers are wont -to do. There were five of them, and of course they all vent in to the Bar,. and if there had been iifty they would have done' the same. Of course, too, they stayed " only five " minutes"-for when did a carrier ever stay longer than five minutes? We will assume, for the honour of the Royal servants who employed this carrier, that he was well known to them, that he had not been hastily called in, as a young gentleman might call in a man with a cart to take his things from one lodging to another. No doubt, he had been engaged on this errand scores of times, and both he and his men were justly proud of it. No doubt, they bragged at the Bar of the honourable nature of their freight, and stated its value in no measured terms. The weight of the load increased their thirst, and excused the length of their rest. But while the five carriers were standing and drinking and bragging at the Tap a light cart drove up, containing two fellows in the lightest working costume of the lowest class, and after a little peeping and fidgetting at the tail -of the waggon, and some fumbling at the canvass and fingering of the cords, the light cart and the light-fingered gentlemen in it drove off, and when the carrier came to deliver his cargo, lo and behold a box was gone, a heavy box, containing some hundred pounds worth of the Royal plate! The five carriers stood all of a row, rubbed their eyes, scratehed their heads, and all that they could say was that they stopped just a minute at the Pig and Whistle, and were certain they kept their eyes on the waggon even while they were taking a dcfop; so they really could not account for the disappearance of the box. It was no fault of theirs. The sequel of the' story-all the sequel, probably, that will ever come to Royal ears-is told in a paragraph in our columns this day. The plate-chest, with the Royal initials, and " Royal " Nursery," and all kinds of Royal marks engraved on the outside, has been found somewhere in Bonner's-fields, hard by Victoria Park, where, perhaps from some remaining sentiment of loyalty, the thieves wished to deposit it. The contents of the chegt when .it was Wound resembled 4. desert table at which a large family of children have been allowed free quarters, and on which they have left nothing but husks and shells, stalks -and lerves, rinds and cores, napkdns and water, the lajtter rather largely diffused. The thieves had extracted every bit of silver metal, leaving only steel blades and other portions of baser metal. The other contents of the box seem to prove that Royal travellers pack their luggage much in the same way that the BROWN, JoNEs, and RoBnisox of private life do. The packing was done with women's dresses. 'The Prince of Wixes's goblet was stuffed with a nurse's stocking, and Prince Awsr'9 knives and forlks wrapped up in a housemaid's chemise; trince AiTrHu's spoons were eneased in somebody's handkerchief, and the Pxnxcss RozAV's teapot and cream jug in her maid'sflannel petticoat. This was all verynatural and pretty, and if the little packages had been bound together with another article of female wear, we can only say, Honi soit 9uit' mal ,' pene. It was not, however, meant for the public eye, and for this picturesque exposure of the Royal Nursery we are indebted to the circiuastance that Out of this immense and well-paid establishment, including ten men who have nothing on earth to do but attend to the Rloyal plate,. not one was found to take charge of it froim Buckingham Palace to the Pad.dington station. We had almost hoped some time since that flunkeyism was rather on the 'decline, and that -sensible people were beginning to tire of keeping hosts of figure-servants, always trying to get some. body else to do their work. It is notorious thatin .allthe great houses at the west-end of this metropolis the buLk of the work is done by scrubs who do not appear, and are scarcely known to exist. So, whenever the upper servants are accidentaUy and reluctantly put into a position of responsibility, they hardly know what to do. It was but the other day that a Countess, going to the station -on her way to Windsor Castle, committed her luggage, including a box containing her fino dresses, and, they say, every article of her jewelry, to the footman and maid, sufficient escort, onewould think, for any ordinary purpose. However, they took no account of the packages, and never missed the precious box, although a large one, till they got to Windsor, when the Countess discovered that she did not possess an ornament in the world, and had not even a dress to present herself in at the Royal table. Great people complain and complain, for they are a very complaining race, and confess themselves lost in the number and dignity of their establisliments. But they do nothing to check it, excopt in a few old-fashioned howues, where, thanks to family pride and a reduced income, a full amount of work is extract9d from every member of the establishment. It is very commonly said that servants like this the best in the end. They lik-e the sense of having done their duty, each in their own station, even if the work be sometimes rather hard. Their common sense tells them, too, that well-worked and well-ordered establishments are more likely to last than those in whicla the workl is easier and the discipline more lax.
ASTRBA with a sword on her hip and a firelock on her shoulder gives decisions very different from those which she renders when attired in more peaceful costume. There are, in other words, no two things in the world which to the uninitiated appear more diametrically opposed to each other than military justice and civil justice. We speak more particularly of those cases in which the prestige of the service appears to be concerned, or where civilians have ventured to express an opinion that something or another which has been done by a military officer is scandalous and improper. Courts-martial, for the most part, decide upon the matter in hand with _perfect fairness and impartiality; but, unfortunately, in certain cases they are as ready to defend mal-admiaistration in the higher military departments as they would be to hold a breach against the enemy. The members know the work which is expected from them, and they execute it in the same spirit of rigorous subordination as they would exact from their inferiors in the discharge of any professional duty. Now, as this is a general charge, affecting the character of a special class of tribunals, we will endeavour to confirm it by a particular instance, and the testimony shall be taken entirely from the lips of military men-the facts shall be the acts of military men in high station. Some little time back, it may be remembered, a discussion, of which Sir Ds LAcY EvANs was the originator, occurred in the House of Commons. The member for Westminster brought under the notice of the House some transactions in which General CA&vxDisH and Colonel HAIL were implicated. There has in consequence been a good deal of assertion, denial, and re-assertion from either side, until, finally, Colonel HAiL, who, after all, was the person most intimately concerned, addressed a letter to The Times, in which he gives the full particulars of this transaction from first to last. This letter we printed yesterday, and now revert to it because it affords us a fresh example of the method in which military men administer justice when the credit of the cloth is concerned. In the year 1847 some anonymous accuser sent a letter to the ComrmA -Dii-C:EriF, in which he brought charges, which are described as 'being " of a very grave nature," against Colonel HA r, then commanding iThe 1st Regiment of Life Guards. That letter, anonymous as it was, was for%arded officiallytoColonelTH4L, andhe was ordered to reply. As soon as it was put into his hands, he stated to the Adjutant-General that he was very confident he knew who the writer of the letter was -it was, in fact, in the handwriting of General CAvvEmsni. In order to test the value of his own impression, Colonel HA1L laid the letter before the senior officers of his own regiment, without giving. them the sEghtest intimation of the person on whom his own susipicions rested as author of the letter. They one and all declared the writing was the writing of General CAvENDIsH. The Coloners next step was to take the anonymous letter, and two letters from General CAVENDiSH then in his possession, and to lay them before professional judges of handwriting. The result was " an un" hesitating conclusion that the three documents " were written by the same person." Not yet satisfied, Colonel HA took the three letters to another professional person of high eminence in his calling, and his report entirely confimed the previous opinions. When he had obtained this strong confirmation of his own previous surmises, Colonel fATh put his case in the hands of two barristers of the highest standing; and, acting upon their advice, submitted the transaction to the judgment of Lord CommmotERE, the Colonel of his regiment. The next step was, with Lord Conmsys:rmREus sanction, to lay the whole case before the Duike of WEIIIKGToN, then Commander-in-Chief. There surely could scarcely be a graver charge against an officer of high rank than that of having preferred anonymous charges against another officer holding the QUEN's commission. There surely could scarcely be a case more pregnant with suspicion than that which was made out by Colonel HAI against General (CAvrSDiSH. One would have supposed that the Duke of WELLiNGToN, presiding over a service in which the desgnations " officer" and " gentleman' are supposed to be interchangeable terms, would instantly have ordered a searching investigation to be made into so discreditable a transaction. But what wasthe result ? Colonel HAL was summoned to the Horse Guards in company with Lord Coxm=EmE, and Sir JoHN &co)omuD, the Adjutant-General, read out to them the decision of the COiMsADER-IN-CEIEF upon the whole case *-" Nothing further was to b be done in the business, and Colonel HA was " to refirain from moving any further in the "cmatter. In order to. avoid publio scandaZ and "c i7ju1y to the service, the matter was not to be "talked of either by Colonel HATA or by those "officers who had necessarily been made ac"c quainted with it." As though this decision were not ludicrous enough, Colonel HsLv was orderedto- deliver up all the papers and documents connected with the transaction, which were to be deposited in the confidential department of the Horse Guards, to be destroyed only by the Duke of WEn.ruGTroN's orders. To this discreet decision Colonel Hall rendered complete obedience. He held his tongue, he ordered his brother officers to hold their tongues, he gave up his papers, and so things went on. The next year, however, another letter,-auother anonymous letter,-which, as it afterwards turned out, was written by the same hand as the previous one, was sent to the CoxAnrDm-rn-CHmrE. Upon this letter, which was not then communicated to Colonel HAIL, 21 charges were framed, to which he was directed to reply. To these charges he gave answers, which were referred to a select tribunal of military officers, and by them pronounced to be emiinently satisfactory. Colonel Hsta accordingly was acquitted, and, indeed, the Duke of WEswaroN so highly approved his condvct that he ordered hiim to attend at the Horse Guards that he might shake hands with him. Great as this honour undoubtedly was it certainly appears to us to bs a poor compensation for all the annoyance and injustice to which Celonel HAL had been exposed in consequence of the denunciations of his anonymous accuser. We here ind that the practice of the Horse Guards in England, in the middle of the nine.teenth century, exactly coincides with that of the Spanish Inquisition and of the Venetian Council of Three in the palmiest days of those august tribunals. To be sure, Colonel HALL was not placed on the rack, nor were the thumbscrews applied to him, but he was compelled to answer, in a case in which his honour and professional standing were concerned, to accusations preferred by an anonymous enemy, and supported upon grounds which were withheld from his kIowledge. The very highest names in the British army were involved in this most discreditable transaction, and it- does not appear to have elicited from any one a single word of reprobation, or even a rinmark that the transaction was of a somewhat unusual character. Subsequently, in the year 1853, the specific question of whe.ther or no General CAvmqDisu had written the two anonymous lettera was submitted to thejudgment of a military court of inquiry, of which Generals :fmLATrND, CATEcAkT, and G. H. BERKE= were members. Their decision we here reprint as a real curiosity in its way, and as a specimen of the grounds -upon which military courts arrive at their conclusions when the credit of the service is concerned- " OPrMON OF THE CORT. "After an investigation of an extremely difficult ad embarrassing nature, anomalous in its character, and unsatisfactory in regard to proof, inasmuch as Mte conflicting and ncarly bjalanced evidence before 2l uas -not upon oath. and was in otlher respects such as to be inadmissfble in the courts of wcstminstcr-hZall, we submit to your Lordship, in obedience to your Lordship's desire, our opinion, subject to the above observations, namely,- " 1. That Xajor-General the Eon. Henry Cavendish was not the vwriter of a certain letter or letters (appended to these proceedings) marked A and B, addressed or sent in the years 1847 and 1848 to the late Commander-in-Chief, the Duke of Wellington. " 2. That Mlajor-General the Hon. Henry Cavendish was not cognizant of their being written or sent to his Grace.' One might have supposed that the Court would have been aware of the slight defect in their powers before proceeding with the case. Is the Military Court of Inquiry which is about to open its sessions in Chelsea Hospital to take evidence upon oath? If not, we see the conclusion. If, on the other hand, the testimony taken at Chelsea upon oath is weighed against the testimony talken in the Crimea by the Commissioners not upon oath, the conclusion is equally obvious. Would it not be well to swear the deposing officers to their evidence in good time?
UNYERSITY IfTELMIGZENCE. OXFORD, .MAXcH 18. A Convocation will be holden on Tuesday next, the 25th inst., at 2 o'clock, for the election of two guardians of the poor, in accordance with the directions of the Oxford Poorrate Act. Theimce-Chancellor has given notice tothe Heads and Senior Bursars of Colleges and Halls (Merton, Christ Church, Corpus, and St. Alban's Hall excepted) that the clectibn of eight guardians of the poor will take place in the IDelergates'-room on Tnesday next, the 25thinst., atbiifpastl2 o'clock. In a Convocation to be holclen on Wednesday, April 2, a 10 o'clock, the names of the gentlemen who have beennouinated to the offices of Exaaminers and 3[oderators bytheVaceChancellor and Proctors in their respective schools will be submitted to the House. Congregations will be holden for the purpose of granting graces and conferring degrees on the following days in the ensuing term :-Wednesday, April 2 ; Thursday, April 10; Thursday, April 17; Thursday, April 24; Yriday, May 2 Saturday, Mlay 10.
CRASTAl PAACE.-GooD FRiDAY.-The directors have annoinced their intention of opening the Palace and grounds on the afternoon of Good Friday, an arrangement by which many whose only holvdays are Good. Friday and Christmas-day will be able to visit them. The ChanceUlor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the second halves of the notes valued at 35b., from " C. R." Tas LAws A2ND JuDICiAL EsTA-JLiHsmEs or INDsL-The first and second reports of the Royal Commissioners appointed to consider the reform of the judicial establishments, procedure, and laws of India have just been published simultaneously. The first report occupies 250 pages of a blue-book, and isfilled with matters of detail. The cornmissioners, among other reforms, propose to abolish the present Supreme Court and Sudder Court, and to substitute therefor a single tribunal, 'to be called "the High Courb." This court, it is thought by the majority of the commission, ought to consist of at least eightmembers, whereof three to be named by the Crown and the rest by the Governor-General of India in CounciL The judges would be selected from barristers of 1England and Ireland and membersoftheScotchFaculty of Advocates, judicial servants of theGovernment,and "vakeels' of lOyears' standing. The tenure of these judges, according to the opinion of the majority of the coimnission, should be durante btne plavito. As regards the proposal to form a subordinate court in the presidency towns, so as to realieve the newcourt of so much of Its original business as may leave it sufficient time for the exercise of its appellate jurisdiction, the commission opine that thisobjectwill be better attained by enabling the High Court to divide itseL into several courts than by establishing a sabordinate court, as by some suggested. It is proposed that the local limts of the EHigh Court's jurisdiction.shallUb coincident with those of the Small Cause Court at Calcutta; andfor the present it is proposed to give the new court, on the civil side, such admiralty, ecclesiastical, and insolvency jrisdiction as is now vested in the Supreme Court, wrhich dwll cease to exist. It is further Proposed that the High Court shall also have such legal and equitable civil jurisdiction as tne Supreme Court now possesses. In amount its jurisdiotion would extend to all causes above 100 rupees. The High Court is to have the same orieinal criminal jurisdiction within the same local limnits as that now vested in the Supreme Court. With regard to the appeDlate jurisdiction, it is intended that the eourt should have al that which is now exercised by the Sudder Dewanny and Nizamut Adawlut, and a new appelate jurisdiction in civil cases from the courts of original jurisdiction constituted by one or more of its own judges. The commissioners recommend the adoption of the Codes of Civil and Criminal *Procedure in Calcutta and throughout the| whole of the " regolation"' provinces, and they are inclined to think that the Indian Legislature -will find them equaUy appdicable to the " non-regIlation" provinces. Mleanwhile, rhatever powers the Supreme or Sudder Court possesses in respect of the lattershould be transferred to theHighCourt. It is thought that the Penal Law on the ecclesiastical side of the Supreme Court ought to be abolished. The second report of the commission is briefer than the first. The proposed Penal Code is now under the consideration and revisal of the Legislative Council of India. It remains. therefore, for the oommission to treat of the wants of India in respect of substantive civil law. The I conclusion arrived at by the maajority is that India wauts a body of such substantive civil law, framed on the basis of the lawv of England, bit independent and Indian. As designed to be the law of India, this body of law should govern all classes of persons except those expressly excepted. There must, however, be large exceptions (it appears) in respect of amenability to this body of law, and the subjects which it ought to embrace. The commissioners, however, see no reason why on very many important subjects of civil law (contracts, ex. gra.) such laws cannotb aprepared and enacted as sill be no less applicable to the transactions of Eindoos and Mahomedans than to the rest of the people of India. It is the opinion of the commissioners that no portion of the Hindoo or Mahomedan law ought to be enacted as such, in any form by a British Legislature. an this report two of the commissioners, Sir J. Jervis and Mr. l. Lowe, record their dissent, for reasons assigned. These gentlemen do not admit the necessity of India without any Icc ocS at all till the gigntic voiofestasg a complete code for India is completed, and they think that the English law, already administered in the presidency tow us, might bc e.xtended to the Mofussil, and that thus the introduction of a lox lci would be made easy and speedy. CRYSTAL PALACE.-One Shilling Day, Tuesday, Marchl 18:-Admisionsrayznent, 753; ditto, by season tickuts, 2X9; total visitors, 972.
TLEGRAPHIC DESPATGHE..i THE EAST. (BY MAiEDI, ANgD 3RIH TGRBAPR) We have received the following telegraphic de. xpatchl from our Marseiles correspondent:- "7~ASEILE, Tuzsni, 3Ln18, 720f P.M. "The Languedoc has arrived with advices front Constantinople of the 10th, and from the Crimea of the 8th inst. "Despatches leave at 8 p.m. " The Charlemagne, Navarino, and Prince J6rome men-of-war have left Toulon for Con. stantinople." FRANCE. We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Paris correspondent - "'AXs, AR:cn 18 "To-day, at 2 o'clock, the Senate and the Legis; lative Corps waited upon the Emperor to cong; tulate him on the occasion of the birth of thThrperial Prince. "His Majesty replied with emotion to the address of 31. de Morniy. He called to mind that the Napoleon dynasty had emanated from the people; that it had experienced 4() years of trial, and that the Imperial Prince was born in the midst of the hopes of peace."
* MADAME .TE-NrY TLYD GOLDSCHIDT,'S CONa'EMs. The second performance of nhe lHeseia, and the lasat which Madame Goldschmidt -illappear for some time in London, took place yesterday night, and drew together an audience which completely filled the vast arena of Xxeterhall. There is little to add to what has been already said of this gifted lady's singing in the masterpiece of EaideL Though in some places unequal, in others it has never bee' surpassed, while in conception generally and in sustained loftiness of expression it is altogether unriTaUed. The recitatives preceding "sRejoice greatly," and the air itself; were executed svith far greater effect by Madame Goldschmidt last night than on the irst occasion. "Come unto Him" (the sequel to "He shall feed his floc3) was as exquisite as before; and "- iknow that my Redeemer liveth," if possible, still more renarkable forpurity andfervor. The least admirable pointe were (again) "But thou didst not leave His soul in hell," and " How benatiful ara the fest"-with which, we repeat, if Madame Goldschmidt attempted' less, she would accomplish more, since in unstudied simplicity and unimpeded rhythmical flow consists their principal charm. These; however, are but spots in the sunin a performance for the most part entitled to unqualified pziise-as full of ideali beauties, indeed, as any we can call to mind iu our remembrance of sacred music. The cther singers wera Miss Dolby, Mfessrs. Lockey, Swift, and Weiss. Mr. Swift, to whom wms intrusted the Passion music, the finest Lwhich Handel has written for a tenor, sang with more correctness and artistic feeling than he has hitherto displayed since his retarr from Lisbon. Iet him always exhibit the same care, and he cannot fail to make wav. Mr. Benedict conducted, and the chorus and orchestra were on the grand scale to which Madame Goldschmidt, with the genuine feeling of an artist, has adhered from the beginning. In noticing the concert igiven by Madame Goldschmidt for the benefit of the Nightmgale Fund, we remarked that,with so large a receipt, even deducting a considerable sum for expenses, a very handsome balance would remain to be devoted to the purpose for which the performance was instituted. We have since learnt that the money realized by sale of tickets and boolks amounted to 1,S721. 6s., and the expenses to 5477. 13s. 4d. Madame Goldschmidt, however, handed over the whole receipts to the fLund, and paid the expenses out of her own purse. An act so generous requires no comment.
MADA3xs GoLDscmeT A'D TEE N1GH=GALE FN.-Madame Goldschmidt and her husband have just contributed the munificent donation of 1,872C. towards the Nightingale Fund, being the proceeds of the concert given by them at Exeter-hall on the evening of yesterday week. This contribution is presented by Mr. and iadusne Goldschmidt as, to use their ovwn words, " a testimony of their war.m interest in the purposes to which the fund is destined, and of their sympathy and admiration towards the lady whose name it bears." The money has been handed over to the committee of the fand free of all deduction on account of the expenses of the concert, -which have been entirely defrayedbyMr. and adame XGoldschmidt. The committee, in announcingthe donation, say they cannot do so -without expressing their belief that this act of Chrttian sympathy on the part of an accomplished forei'.n lady mark1"'. her appreciation of the sernices of one of her own sex, and of the benevolent and useful .purposes to -which ihe fund is appropriated, cannot fall to call foth new and increased exertions on the part of ali the countrywomen, of Florence Nightingale. THE OrERATc SEAsox.-The alTangements for the forthcoming season of the Royal Italian Opera have at length been definitively settled. Mfr. Gye, after much anuious consideration and fruitless attemptsto obtain Her Mlajesty's Theatre and Drury-lane, has taken the Lyce for a term, andto this sml theatre-built for the purposes of English opera, and of late dedicated to burlesque-the great ar ists of the Italian stago w,illbc confined during the present season in London. The hnuseisalready inthe hands of the workmen, and before the close of the holydays the interior will be converted into the most perfect hittlp dijou imaginable. The pit will afford room for 200 stalls and 200 pit seats, and the two tiers of the honsewvil be subdivided into about 60 boxes. T:E _ROBBnBY OF EBo-AT Pra .-The bo:c whichcontainedthelRoyal nurseryplate, stolen on Saturday last on the South-wharf-road, Paddington, has been recovered, but with only a portion of the contents, all thp plate having been removed. On Monday morning a youns man named Henry Knott, of No. 6, Adelphi-terrace, Old Fnrd-road, Bethnal-green. was crossing Bonner's-hall-field, near the entrance of the Victoria-pars, vhen he saw a large oaLenbox, onwhichwas a brassplate, withthevords-"loyal Nursery " engraved thereon. It was lying on the gras. The hinges had been torn offbyforce. The thieves had abstracted the whole of the plate, and carefully removed the silver handles from two dozen knives, The steel blades, with Her Majesty's initials-" V. R.," rwere found in the box, which also contained five dessert knives, from which the handle3 had been removed, four women's dresses, twro chemises, 9 stocklngs, 3 handkerchiefs, 2 pieces of flannel, napldns, calico, and other articles of linen and wearing apparel belonging to some domestics in the Royal household. The box and its contents were delvered by _Tnott to a police constable of the K division, and conveyed to the stationhouse adjoining the Thames Police Coaurt, Aa-hour-sSuare, Stepney. It appears from inquiry made by the phce that a cab wvith twvo men in it drove npt teu.lt--haf-ad, Faddington, just before the box was misnug from the waggon on which it wvas placed, and there is no doubt the box was placed in the cab after it was stolen, and the plate removed between Paddington and Bethnal-green. The alue of the property recovered is about 9!. THE P IAElA STEAMSUIP CoErxIY.-Early yesterday morning the City of Baltimore screw steamship anived at Liverpool from Marseilles, having made the run in eight days and a-half. This magnificent steamship is 347 feet long and 3,470 tons burden; and is therefore one of the largest vessels in the world. She has just been discharged from the French transport service, for which she was char'ered 12 months ago, before she was launched. She was built on the Clyde by Messrs. Todd and Macgregor for the Pliladelphia Stemnship Company, gi whose service she is now a1out to enter. She h.s never yet crossed the Atlantic, but there can be nio doubt that shevwill make rapid and satisfactorypassages. She will leave Liverpool for Philadelphia on the 23d gf ApriL The French Government have still two vesselz be. longing to this corgany connected with the transport seyvice-the City of NS ashington, 2,380 tons, and the City of Manchester, 2,109 tons; and another of their steamers, the Kiangaroo. 1,874 tons, has not been discharged from the British transport service. The Alps screw steamship, belonging to Mersrs. M'Iver and Co., arrived at liverpool from Pbortsmouth yesterday. TEE Rmsm,-v RAiLWAs CozrETmoN.-A minu.te of the directors -of the Great Northern Railway has just been communicated to the officers and servants of *the company relative to the recent competition between the Great Northerni, the London and North-Western, the Midland, and the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway Companies, as follows:-" Read,-Report of hMarch-., from the general manager, enclosing a statement show3in that in the five days ended February 29, 1856, during whih very low fares were charged in competition with the London and North-Western Company, 21,843 passengers were conveyed by the cheap trains on the Great Northern Railway, producing a totad receipt of 3,756!. 15s., and remarldng that the arrangements for the accommodation of the traffic were so well considered and carried out by the superintendent of the line and his assistants that he, the general, manager, has not y et heard of a single comTlaimt, nor did auny accident ccur on the Great Northern Ralway, though there was a slight one near Woodhouse Junction. on the Manchester, Sheffield, and Lincolnshire Railway, on the return of the last train of empty carriages. iResolved, that the oIwrd has great pleasure in thanhin the officers and men in thee serviceof theGreatNorthern Railway Company for the judicious arrangements and the efficient manner in -which the passenger traffic ws collducted during the lato period of competition. J. R. MowArT. Secretary. To Mr. W. Leith." The superintendent of the line has much satisfacUbn in maling Imowr the above resolution of the Board. RoaiY.I COLLrGE oFp R slcxs.-At the quarterly meeting of thc Corn ieia 2tiA ionl held on hMonday, tho 17tb inst., the foUowing gentlemen, having undergone the neceb. sarr examinations for diploma, were admitted members of the College:-Vr. Jacl;son, late Bengal Medical Staff- Dr. Hewitt. Elnor-place, Hyde Park; andDr. Beale, darey. street, lLincoln's-un-fields; also, Dr. hMoffitt, IN., hatig passed the usual exatmination.s, was admuttted aa extr licu. tiate.
SE,COND EDITION. T]E TIMIES OFFICE, Wednesday Mornin g. EXPRESS FROM PARIS. The following is the letter of our Parix correg7ondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- mrom all that can be learned in respecta'ole quarlers there appeais little doubt that peace is all but decided. There may, we are told, be certain points Mill to settle, certain formalities to fulfil, but they are not of a character to affect the certainty of the result, or hardly to retard it. The Russians are described as now presenting no serious difficulty, 'lihetlher a3 regards the "neutralization' of the BIack Sea, the -transformation of Nicholaieff into a ,,purely couunercial port, the neutrality of the Aland Isles, the rectification of the Moldavian frontier based on the Report of a Commission, &c. - There wiiU be several matters to regulate after the ligni.n of the treaty, but, as I have said, an easy zolution is anticipated. Such, at all events, is the general feeling. Some are of opinion that the treaty Mil very soon be made public; others that it will yet be delayed. Whether the peace we are now promi sed will be durable or not is another qiuestion. It may be doubted if all the Plenipotentiaries are as tell satisfied with the results as people here are, or pretena to be. If. one could guess what passes in the mind of hf. Cavour, for instance, I hardly think .hat his delight is excessive. If Count Buol --were t: speak his thoughts I am pretty sure that he B nei.her. over-pleased nor over-flattered at the tesults. Btt if France and Fingland are united S&d content, I suppose it is indifferent what anybody else likes or dislikes. That the object which Russia at this moment scorns and hates the most on earth is Austria I have no doubt wvhatever on my mind. lVhen Count EsterUzzy lvst saw the Czar at St. Petersburg, His Mazesty siid, "It is Austria that has forced me to accept such hard conditions. Be assured, and tell your maaster what I say, I shall never forget the obligations I owe him." This is a pretty state of feeling for peacemakers In the meantime, so confident are people here of peace being virtually concluded, that at the War-office measures are discussed for the. best and most convenient way of brin,ging back the troops from the Crimea. It is said that hI. de MIanteuffel, the Prussian Plenipotentiary, attended the Conferences to-day with M. Hatzfeld. The :?ollowing private telegraphic despatches have been received:- "MARSEILLES, M%ncn: 17 (EvNmG). " The King of Naples has authorized the firee export of wheat, maize, and barley until the 30th of April." "VIENNA; M&aCH 17. "The money market here has been exceedingly animated. all kdnds- of seenrities ha-ing risen in consequence of the news of the birth of the Prince Imperial of France. That event has produced a great sensation here." "3MADRID, MARCH 17. "M Marshal E,spartero went in person to congratulate the Ambasss.d-r of France on the happy delivery of the Empress 33ugen-e. "The Corte& commnenced to-day the discussion of the budget of receipts. The Government will have the advan. tagein tmis question2. The lEmperor received, this day, at the Tuileries the feicitations of the Senate, the Legislative Corps, the Cotncii of State, the magistracy, the Institute, the clergy of every denomination in France, the MIunicipal Corps, and the Deputations of the National Guard and of the Army and Navy. The reception took- pbiwe in the Throne room, when the high functionariEs of the Crown and the deputations just mentioned wvere successively admitted. The Senators, Deputies,Councillors of State, magistrates, and General Officers were all in full costume. The Empercr, whlo, as usual on such occasions, wore the unifont. of General of Division, with the grand cordolor oE to Le gion of Honour, remained during the ceremony standing in front of the Throne. At his rihii stood Prince Napoleon.. Thenext place of honour belonged to Prince Louis Lucien, but his Highness is still confined to his apartment, and 'was unable to be present at the ceremony. The Emperor :repiled to the addresses of the presidents o.- the various corps in a few words, which were to thle purpose, and were, of course, loudly applaumded. Count de Mormy, President of the Legislative Corps, addressed His Majesty in the following i words .- " Sire,-Fleaven has blessed your union. At the dawn of a holy arniversary the Empress has given a son to your sffection, and to France a future Emperor. This event has caused ueivorsa1 joy. It is not only because the country inits gratitude and a'tachment to you shares in your happiness, but :dso because it hails that child as a pledge of future security. " On former occasions similar hopes were entertained, snanot -caLseai. -Why should the hopes we now indulge ia with eO unuch effusion inspire as with such confidence? It is tccau=; the two dangers which overturned thrones-rerohl;tivr:t home and coalition abroad-have been conjured by your: Iajesy. Yon have conquered revolutionbyforce, diverted it by labour, and soothed it by clemency. You have rec:-nciled foreigners with France, because, if your armies ccivered themselves with glory, it was for the maintenance of justice and righit, and that you have exalted 1r-anco without humbling Europe. Therefore when eve'r Frenchman is indebted to yot for the security of his faibii'.-, the futurity of his children, and, above all, for the right of beingproud of his nationality,you will conceive, Sire, his analety to give a hearty w-elcome to that young Prince, ali that he should rest such sanguine hopes on the life of a clid. "I cou:e then, Sire, in the name of the Legislative Body to congratu'LAte your M1ajesty, and to pray you to lay at the feet of tli Ellmpress our congratulations, our wishes for her speedy- r. -ovcry, and, finally, to renew over that cradle the oath of a: Ir -ance and devotedness we have already taken, and whic! wn Nvill keep for ever." The R; Ilperor replied with emotion to that speech, rmiuPldi the Deputies that the Napoleonian dynasty hat sprurng from the people, that it had been tried by 40 years' adversity, and that the Imperial T?rince inas born amid the hopes of peace. The va.rious bodies were then successively introduced im to thie apartments of the PavillonFlore, when thc y returned to those occupied on the ground floor by the rince. The Imperial infant was sleeping in its cradle, and by it stood the -Princess d'&s-lin", with the governesses and sub-governesses. The cl`ih ! is, to all appearance, in a robust state of health. The codfgge soon after retired. Tile following bulletin was issued to-day at the Tuileries 1STvu. ALF-PrST 1 .at3. "Th- h---'tIt of the Empres; continues to be exceedingly favourabse. SC The stete of the Prince Imperial remains excellent." (Signed as usual). The -<t low in, bulletin of the health of Prince .Jeron:e u as issued this morning: "9 O'CLOCX A.M. "The P ince has had but little sleep, but the respiratory organs co:w .llue to improve." Addre- -es of congratulation to the Emperor on the birthl of the Prince Imperial are preparing in all the principal towns in France. The following is from tlte [nperial Court of Rouen:- "Sire,-- Direct order in the Imperial dynasty is now secured. eA the fist news of the happy event which gives 'to the precnt a guarantee for the future, aU French hearts thrilled '.iih joy. Your Imperial Court of Rouen, after having offi-:sedl up to God a cry of gratitude and joy, hastens to lay at tim 1foot of the Throne its respectful gratulations. 'We are, v:il .1 respect, Sire, &-c., (Signatures follow.) The Im erial Court of Orlceans has sent the following "Sire,-Your Imperial Court of Orleans learns with happiness of tle birth of the Prince Imperial, destined to continue yo ir glorious dynaaty. It appears that Providence wshed tlat this happy event should precede the signature of peace, in order to teach attentive Europe that tho best guarantee o: that peace is the consolidation on the throne. of the family of him whom Franie has placed on it. lfy the'august mother of the Prince Imperial and your Majesty see in the expression of our joy a fresh pledge of our love." The Iinperial Court of AmuienA has thus expressed itself I Sire,-The Imperial Corrt of Amiens hastens to offer you its congratulations on the happy event which fills with joy the heart of your Majesty. The prosperity of your family is that of France; united in your hopes, she takes part in your happiness. She, moreover, sees in the birth of your son the consolidation of the institutions which have guaranteed the repose and the grandeur of the country, raised its glory to so high a degree, and secured to her infuence a just preponderance in the councils of Europe. Before proceeding to the sanctuary to thank Divine Providence for this fresh blessing, we beg your Majesty to lay at the feet of the Empress the homage of our wishes and of our respectful sentiments." Similar addresses have been already received from a number of towns in the neighbourhood of Paris. -On the occasion of the happy delivery of the Empress thne Emperor has granted numerous pardons to military prisoners. In the establishments where the pinishment of hard labour and the boutZet are in iflicted, 669 soldiers have received total remission oI the punishment, and 86 have had partial remission. Pardons have also been granted to 20 condemned by courts-martial for breaches of discipline. In additign the Emperor, on the recommendation of the Minister of Marine, has granted a full or partial remission to 50 sailors for different ofences. Ful and entire remission is likewise granted for all condemnations for infractions in the service of the National Guard throughout the whole of the Empire which have been already put into execution, and also for all those infractions which have not yetbeen decided on. All pecuniary fines and imprisonments incurred for offences against the Customs' regulations, indirect taxes, or the forest, fishery, and sporting laws are remitted. Likewise, 803 pardons have been granted to persons confined at the Bagnes, and in the prisons of the Empire, condemned for crimes or common misdemeanours, and who have made themselves remarked by their repentance and good conduct. Numerous fimes have also been remitted to necessitous delinquents. And, lastly, full remission has been accorded for all offences against the police re. gulations connected with public roads. On the same occasion, the Emperor, on the proposition of the Minister of the Interior and the recommendation of the Superior Commission of the Mutual Benefit Societies, has decided that a sum of 500,000f. shall be taken from the revenue of the dotation of those societies to constitute pensions in favour of their oldest members. The MIinister of the Interior has charged the Commission to make the division of this sum among the societies approved of according to the decree of the 26th of M!arch, 1852. The women of the markets, or, as they are called, les dames de la HaUe, went yesterday to the Tuileries to congratulate the Emperor on the birth of the Prince Imperial. A deputation of them, carrying magnificent bouquets, were admitted to the Emperor, and His Majesty received them with marked kindness. After conversing a few minutes with them, the Emperor led them himself to the apartments of the Prince, and presented the infant to them. All the corporations of workmen of the capital also manifested a desire to be allowed to present their cong-atulations to HRis Majesty, but the Emperor, from regardforthe health of the Empress, and also on account of the bad weather, charged the Prefect of Police to tell them that he regretted not being able to receive them, but that he would accept their visit at the moment of baptism. The Minister of Public Instruction has granted tlhree additional holydays at Easter to the pupils of the various colleges and schools on the occasion of the birth of the Prince ImpeAal. "Immediately after the. 3aP delivery of the Erapress," says the Constitetionnd, "The Emperor despatched the intelligence by telegraph to the Queen of England, the King-of Sardinia, the Queen of Sweden, and to the Pope. By S the samemorning His Majesty had received the congzatulations of those august personages." Count Orloff was one of the first to congratulate. the Emperor on the birth of the Prince Imperial. - The Minister of the Interior has addressed the following circular, dated the 17th, to the Prefects - " Monsieur le Prefet,-Providence gives to our country a fresh pledge for the future of security and giandeur; it has just granted to the glorious and popular dynasty of Napoleon that scion which France has called for in her prayers, and for which eight millions of votes have re-established in advance the Imperial inheritance. On Sunday next in all our churches we will offer up a solemn thanksgiving to God, who holds in his hands the destinies of empires. You 'will arrange with the religious, civil, and military authorities for this pious manifestation of joy and of national gratitude. -Accept, &c . " BULlAlLT." The Mlinister of Public Instruction has addressed the following circular, dated 16th, to the Bishops of France:- " Monseignsur,-God has granted the prayers of France by giving a son to the Emperor. The Empress, whose greatest happiness was in alleviating the sufferings of all w-ho were mothers, will henceforward share in their joys. The nation hails with its acclamations a fresh pledge of its future security and of the destinies of that dynasty to which it owes its grandeur, and, at the same time, its repose. The Emperor charges me to announce to you the birth of the Prince Imperial, whom your prayers have called for. I only respond to the feelings of gratitude wvith which you are inspired by requesting you to assemble the people at the foot of the altars, and to have celebrated on Sunday next in all the churches of your diocese a solemn Te'Deum and thanksgiving to Providence for the blessings which it is pleased to shovwer down on their Imperial Majesties and on the country. "Accept, &c., "H . FORTOL2." The Minister of Public Instruction has also requestedcthe Presidents of the Consistories of the recognized non-Catholic sects to offer up prayers and thanksgivings in their different churches, on the occasion of the birth of the Prince Imperial. By an Imperial-decree, dated the 16th, Dr. Conneau, first physician to the Emperor, has been promoted to the rank of Commander in the order of the Legion of Honour. A pamphlet has recently made its appearance entitled Les Confgrences de 1856 et les Nationalit6s. It is from the pen of a Pole, M. JosephReitzenheim, and it purports to examine the motives which led the Allies to present the " four points," as well a, the actual disposition of France and England, the political relations, the alliances of those two States with the other Powers, and the nilitary situation at this-moment. The following are thewriters remarks on the feeling of France: "The difference between the two nations on the subject of the war is evident to every one. In France it is the Government4which up to the present moment has led on the population usually so warlike, but in the present instance so little roused. It is the Government, aided by a certain number of enlightened aud devoted persons, and supported by the bravery of the army, that has made the nation accept the war, by no means popular from the commencement. It has not entirely succeeded, however the national fecling may be flattered immenselYbyhthe military glory won by France, and by the great political influence it has gained thereby. Certainly it is a cause of astonishment that France, so dicontented at its inactivity during the reign of Louis Philippe and the Republic of 1848, should now be opposed to a.war undertakenin a noble canse, in one which should win all its sympathies, as well as by its principle and the causes which have provoked it. We yet see the contrary; a certain portion of the press and of public opinion are opposed to it, and that when the most essential sacriices are made. Let us examine the causes wlhich appear so little in harmony with the nation. Has the commerce of the country diminished for some years past ? It may be safely answered in the negative, and affirmed that, on the contrary, in consequence of our recent relations in the East the French merchant navy of the Mtediterranean has becomxe a regular fleet. Russian influ. ecae onoq completly reduced in the Black- Sea, the fleet of which wa spea3c seems destined to renew in those waters theprosperityofVeniceandGer a. Marseilles, Bordeaux, and the other cities of the south seem destined to take naturally the place of those ancient seats of the Levantine trade. "Save the fn3nces suffered? Is the revenue diminished? The last Report of the finance Mtinister shows, on the contrary, a considerable augmentation in the receipts; and confidence in the resources of the Treasury has so little disappeared, that we have seen the nation last year lending more than a miiiard to the Government, and thus proving that the Granc Livre of the Public Debt still seems to it the very best mortgage. It would, indeed, be difficult, to understand the real causes of that indifference for the present w-ar-I might say, indeed, the opposition to its continuance-if I did not, on one hand, call to mind the reminiscences which still influence many of the rrench against accepting the English alliance without a' certain reserve; and on the other, the evil influence of certain parties, whoss rule of conduct is to oppose everything, however salutary, that they do not originate Neither can I forget the numerous foreign agents who act in a thousand ways on public opinion. The Government, then, deserves much credit for having caused war to be accepted under such circumstances, and for having already obtained great moral results i.spite of every obstacle. "But England pfesents to us a spectacle of a contrary. kind. l7tcre it is public opinion representing the mass of the nation which has roused the Government to the war against the Czars. It is public opmion that has supported: the statesmen who shared its views, and overthrew those, of whom it was less sure and whose character seemed to it less solid, and we witness there at this moment the singular spectacle of political personages, opposed on prin-. ciple to the war, holding their peace when affairs seem to take a turn favourable to their ideas, though the3 press and the tribune are completely at their disposal, and doing so in order not to augment the difficulties of their adversa - ries now in power, charged as they are with the immense responsibility of such a war. The fact is, that the English people understand perfectly the great importance of the war, both in a moral and in a material point of view-; John Bull is above a-l' a patriot, and he comprehends, with a rare instinct, the interests of his country, before which every consideration of party spirit is silent and every faetion disappears. Hence it is that, while public opinion de. elares so energeticaly in England against the conclusion of. a hasty peace, not a single voice is heard openly in a contrary sense. We may be told that the English are merchants; it is true they are, but, at all events, they know well hovw to treat matters on a grand scale. London is theirfactory, and their enfrepdts are scatter over the entire globe. They are not like petty traffickers who are dismayed at the purport of the slightest undertaking on chance, who content themselves with a trifling advantage, and at last retire altogether with petty profits, For the English, and perhaps for others, the present war is a great undertaking, which ought not to be stopped shortby a compromise-a compromise only the fruit of protocols and of conferences. They desire that it should be carried on energetically, and with tho same zeal with which they commenced it, and in thisthey prove themselves equally consistent. All that has been said about their anour propr'c wounded, and about the desire they have to efface the alleged failure of their arms in the preceding campaign, is without any foundation. No one disputes their valour; they are only more warlike than military. Their bravery is equal to the French, only these have been more successful; but their very efforts merit triumph, no matter to what extent success may have crowned them. The English fleet, united to that of France, has, in the Black Sea, forced the ships of the Czar to self-destruction. The English army gloriously contributed to the victory of the Alma, and its battalions, cut up at Inkermann, left the half of their numbers on the field of battle, but did not yield an inch, and thus arrested the army of the Czar, and saved the whole of the allied army that was fiercely attacked on the sight flanT;. "It is not the first timne that the English' kept the field while losing a vast amount of their troops-but stiU the survivors ever f!emained the conquerors. In all this the military honour of England remains pure and without stain. To attempt to deny it proves a narrow and limited mind' If England desire the continuance of the war, it is because she expects indispensable results, in order to obtain a peace which cannot at this moment be the result of the Conferences. The feeling of the majority of the French appears on the contrary, to be satisfied with a result which is perfectly legitimate, but rather purely moral, and for that reason, perhaps, insufficient. I allude to the glory acquired by France in the East." The Touloman is, of the 14th inst., announces thlat all the ships of war lying at Toulon had been ordered to hold themselves in readiness to put to sea at a moment's notice.' The Mediterranean squadron, commanded by Vice-Admiral Trfhouart, was also preparing to weigh anchor. Three ships of the line and a steam fiigate cleared out on the 15th, and on the following day the screw war transport Loire left that port for the Black Sea. The Three per Cents. closed to-day at 72E. 80ofor the end of the month; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents. at 94f. 50c.; and the New Loan at 73f. 30c. ; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,295f.; Great Northern, 992f. 50c. ; Straaburg, 970f.; New Shares, 820f.; Paris and Lyons, 1,247f. 50c.; ;Lyons to the Mediterranean, 1,580f.; Western of France, 890f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 755f.; Great Central of France, 655f. ; Lyons and Geneva, 792f. 50e.; Bank of Cridit Mobilier, 1,570f.; Austrian Railways, 91Ef. Cours AenWique.-PAuIS, March 18.-Cash Prices.- Four-and-a-Half per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years', 94f.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 30c.; ditto Certificates (45 per cent. paid), 94f. 30c.; Three per Cents., 72f. 50.c 35c. 40c. 50c.; ditto first Loan of 1855 (75 per cent. paid), 72f. 25c.; ditto second Loan of 1855 (45 ter cent. paid), 73f.; ditto Certificates (45 percent. paid), 73£; Bank of France, 37450f.; Cridit Foneier, 6740f. 745f. 740f.; ditto Obligations of 500f., Three per Cents., 415f.; dito Tenths, Four per Cents., 97f. 50c.; ditto Three per Cents*., 95f.; Credit lIoblier, 1,6651f. 1,570f., Discount Bank, 65Cf. 647f. 5Gc.;- Piedmontese Five per Cents., 93f. 93f. 25^.; ditto Three per Cents., 5Sf. 50c. 59f; Austrian Five per Cents., 89;* Spanish Passives, 7.5 i7; ditto Interior Del t, 59W 40 404. E:xchange on LJondon, at niht, paper, 251. 35c.; three montths, mnoney, 24!. 92.ic. PRUSSIA. (PROM OUR. OlVl; COnRESPONDENT.) BERLIN, MAncn 17. As it must always be with a population not possessed of a free and active press, and from whom the truth on al home matters is systematically withheld, the population 'of Berlin has during the past week been driven by a variety of ill-guaranteed statements to an excess of excitement which greedily swallowed every fable provided it surpassed what was previously known in drastic horror. As a natural consequence again of this state of over-excitement a reaction is beginning to show itself already, commencing with the upper classes, on whom various communications, which may be assumed to be authentic, connected with the late events, have acted like the herring and soda water that succeed the debauch, and restore the sufferer from his previous intoxication, maudlin or furious as the case may have been, to a state of comparative sobriety. In the course of this letter I shllal endeavour to modify or. correct such of my former statements as subsequent and superior information shows me to have been incorrect. For instance, Count Canitz, of whom I reported that he had shot himself, was kled in a duel, at Potsdam, last Wednesday; but none of the "excellent sources" or "well-informed men," .of whom a Tinws correspondent generally knows more than anybody else, can or will tell me anything of the cause of the duel or the name of his -antagonist. As an excuse for any incorrectness that crept into newspaper reports from here last week may be mentioned-the excessive excitement, that made all the world in this place nzon campos; and I may as well, in apology, recite the various events of the first five days :-on Sunday, a dentist of this town put an end to the lives of his two children, his wife, and himself with chloroform; on MIonday, the Hinkeldey duel; on Tuesday, the suicide of the Geheimerath von Raumer ; also the murder of his two youngest children by a cabinetmaker of this town (the murder of the two other elder children and his own suicide was only prevented by their determined resistance, in which all three parties were badly cut withthe razor); on Wednesday, the Canitz duel; and on Thursday, the impressive funeral of the late President of Police. Surely this was enough to turn stronger nerves than the Berliners have; a Parisian could not have asked for more excitement tbin this; no wonder then that the waves of mental agitation roar rather high in this little wash-hand-basin of a world called Berlin. The public prosecutor incriminal matters, Niimer, has published such particulars of the Hinkeldey affair as came to his own knowledge; from this declaration we obtain the confirmation of some of my formerstatements ;viz., that the King knewbeforehand that Hinkeldey intended to fight a duel, but not the time when ; that he had expressed his fullest diBapproval of that intention, and had instructed him (NMrner) to obtain every information and document necessary for arranging the matter amicably, and that Hinkeldey was informed by him of these measures, but nevertheless hastened on the duel before they were completed. Fromthis same document we learn that towards the close of last month a friend of Herr von Rochow waited on him, and laid before him various papers, originals and copies, containing the most offensive statements with reference to Hinkeldey, emanating from Rochow and others. On Norner's remark, that he could not permit these calumnies and libels on a high functionary to remain unnoticed, the gentleman answered, it was perfectly free and open to him to take what measures he liked, as secrecy was by no means desired by him or his friends. Here we have a confirmatioii of the animuts imputed tothis party. They were desirous, even at the risk of being prosecuted themselves, to procure the most extensive and authoritative publication for their imputations on Hinkeldey. There exists here a Court of Ronour composed of officers of rank; and noblemen, appointed by a Cabinet Order of the King in September, 1845, to which military men, more especially, may have recourse or are amenable in duelling matters. They cau refer to it any-unfortinate affair in which they are involved and are douibtful as to the necessity of duelling on that account, and if the Court absolve them from that necessity their honour remains unstained; in the case of a duel, howvever, that has been fought the conduict of the principals and seconds is made matter of trial as among men of honour, apart from any ordinary tribunal of justice. Before that Court of Honour Herr von Rochow is now being tried. Hinkeldey's second h;s already given in his evidence. From this court Rochow is certain of acquittal, inasmuch as there is not the least suspicion, and certainly no evidence, that he in any way violated the conventional laws "in this case made and provided." As re,gards the choice of weapons it is affirmeed by theKreui,Zcihivg thatpistols were lLin-eldef's own express choice in tho terms of the challenge, it being notorious that he knew notlhing of the use of fire-arms, and was extremely short-sigliteI; bn the other hand, lie was a tall fine man, and is said to have been sldlled in the use of thebroadsword, the usual duelling weapon here; the probability of the case is adverse to the statements of the K?rcurz Zeitivng, the more so, as thatjournal, always best informed in matters concerning the Tory nobility, professes to be intensely ignorant of everything connected with the duel, bat denounces every statement made elsewhere as unfounded.* It is believed that the Kingc, has commanded the Minister of Justice to see that the law takes its usual course in this matter,viz., that the public prosecutor commences proceedings against the surviving duellant; it remains to be seen whether the House of Notables wvillinterpose its privilege, embodied in .paragrawh St of the -Charter, which nak-es the trial gf any one of its members for any crime a misdemeanoiur during the tarm of the session, dependant on the permission of the House; his arrest is at all times permissible if talken .flegrante delicto, or in course of the following day. The immediate cause of the duel was the imputation throwvn by Herr von Rochow on the veracity of Herr von Iinkeldey ; the subject which gave rise to this conflict of statements was, as I have men*tioned in former letters, the surp3rise of the members of the Jockey Club by the police in last summer. Shortly after that affair Herr von Rochow and Count Pourtalis (brother of CountAlbert Pourtalis, who lately visited&England on. a mission) called onHinkeldeyr to ask hinm for explaiiations -as to his conduct in instruciing his officials to intrude upon,1 tlheir party3. Hinkeldey refused to give them-anyanswer as President of -Police, or in that character to give them any explanation of his conduct, but in the course of -the conversation, on the express ground of their being "all noblemen together," "Wir sinld ja Edel-lvej uncZd ititer 'zins," he stated to thlem that he had a-ted under the express orders of the King for the purpose of apprehending two officers, notoriouis gamesters. It lay in the character of the deceased to be free and open even to indiscretion, and on this occasion he comnmitted the threefold error of introducing the King's name into the matter, of not pledging his visitors to silence by their word of honour, and of not expresslypremnising that this statement could not be made the subject of official or written evidence. The two gentlemen repeated in their circle what Hinkeldey had said; this led to a variety of demands for explanation and for his wvritten or official evidence on this point, which Hinkeldey, for the purpose of retrieving his own indiscretion, and saving himself from implication with the King, was impelled to deny. This authentic version of the affair ahows at least that these gentlemen had fair grounds for impugning the veracity of Hinkeldey, and that his denial had the effect of impugning theirs; for their own sakes they procured an official inquiryinfo the matter, and Hinkeldey abided officially by his denial. After a long lapse of time spent in unavailing attempts to get to the bottom of the matter, and after their party having baited and badgered their opponent till he was weary of his office and his life, had resigned the one repeatedly, and was ready to expose the other to a series of duels, they endeavoured to provoke a public prosecution. There is, however, no distinct proof that Herr von Rochow aimed at a duel, and it is known that he did not reject the overtures made by various parties for an arrangement. He is, however, blamed for too strenuously insisting upon having Hinkeldey's signature to a form of explanation drawn up by himself. Had Herr von Rochow's party not previously made itself obnoxious to all liberal feeling and patriotic persons by its reactionary endeavours in the' Legislature and elsewhere, and had he had the g66d fortune' himself to be winged instead of his killing his man, he would at this moment have been the idol of the whole population of Berlin, and his antagonist would have had a harder time than ever, for he would have lost the sympathy of the lower half of the people, and perfetly ruined himself .with the King.. By the violent death of her husband, Frau von linkeldey loses all claim to a pension, and even to the amount of 800 thalers for which his life was insured in the Official Widows' Fund: it is stated in some papers that the King intends to give her a pension of 2,000 thalers, and allowance of 500 thalers a-year for each of her seven children. I fear this will turn out quite untrae: it would amount to the whole of the late President's2 official income as Chef of the Police, 3,400 thalers. I hope I may be wrong in stating that the King will confine himself to making good to her the 800 thalers, and leaving her to provide for her children as she can. The more satisfactory is it to men- tion that the subscription that has been open for the family had already reached 14,000 thalers& last Saturday night. Herr von Hinkeldey had proposed in the papers he left behind him Baron von Zedlitz Neukixch for his successor as President of Police; this gentlemani has been nominated to the offlce, but at his own 'Since vriting the &bove I have read a declaration published by Herr von Rochow's brother in the Kmre= Ztitunug, which shows that the challenge wAs for pistols; this must be believed, therefore, in spite of its improbxbility. request onlyprovisionally. As belonging to the old nobility, and possessed of engaging manners and exterior, he will be well-calculated- to heal the breach with tlie afobility; he- is known also as an excellent man of business, and is believed to be not illiberal or harsh in his sentiments. ITALY. - (rm~o FO us OUR OWN COBRsoN-DZmi.) TUR-N, ILRacH 15. An article from the Morning Post, which, singularly enough, found its way here through the columns of the NIord (a fact not without significauce), as well as some hints from i:aris correspondents of German papers, have given rise to a belief here that the Italian question will be brought forward forthe consideration of the Conference afterthe terns of peace have been agreed upon. In whatever way it may be intended to approach the subject it will be sure to be found surrounded with difficulties; and, of course, the very idea of bringing the matter under discussion will raise a cry of opposition from that close alliance of jesuitical Governments Aunja Rome, and Naples-bu; it is to be hoped that the representatives of the otherPowers, who are now endeavouring to consolidate a lasting peace for Europe, are quite aware that the only chance of disarming revolutionists in Italy is to strengthen the Governmnent of Piedmont: the only country in the Peninsula with a lNational Government sufficiently strong to repress revolution withoutv having recourse to foreign intervention or foreign soldiers-whoBe army has received constant testimony from all parts of Italy, that it is looked uipon as the representative of the entire nation-whose King, the descendant of a lonig and honoiured line, is the only Prince of Italy reigaing with the consent of the people-and whose formL of Government is sufficiently popular tor conciliate the Republican party, while it affords the aristocracy ample opportunity of preserving their political influence, and maintains *.eir social position intact. As no allusion has yet been made as to how the question is to be treated, it wouldl be idle to speculate on the effect, but there seems little doubt that if the negotiators really are anxious to removethe necessityforforeignoccupation (whichbasbecomeascandal beforethecivilizedworld), and to diminish, as far as possible, the chances of revolutionary conspiracies in future, they wiU use their best endeavours to increase the powver and influnace of that Government which has given such constant proof3 during the last seven years of its fimn yet conciliatory spirit in its home policy, and shown itself an lhonest aly or a frankk and loyal enemy in its foreign relations. The Sardinian Chtamber of Deputies, after a discussion hilich has lasted three 3weeks, at length came to a division this evening iipon the Government Bill for adjusting the taxes on trades and professions for the current year, which was adopted by a majority of 78 to 26. In two sittings of the Senate this week the estimates of expenditure for the war and the ordinary general estimates were agreed upon. The Great Britain steama transport arrived at Genoa this morning from Malta, -where she only remained -2 hours, having landed the 1st Regiment of the Anglo-Italian Legion and discharged her cargo and taken in coals in that time. She will probably leave again for ITalta about Wednesday vith the 2d Regiment. ELE4CTRIC -TELEGRAP1HIC DESPATCES. FRoy ourO. ow- COnREsTohzs.) SOUTHANM TON, Wx-SDAv Mor.Nn;G. Arrived.-Argyll, steamer, from Carentan. Sailed.-Ondine, steamer, for London; Tvo Sisters and JTohbi and Isabella, for Sunderland. LIVERPOOL, WEDNFESDAtyMor-nr. Wind E.N7. . Arrived.-lyrtle, from Seville; Frederick Gustav, from *Bordeaux; Salten Virgin, from Barcelona. 0f.-Silistria, from New Orleans; San Antonio, from .Mobile; Sophia, from Krageroe; Union, from Ostend. Sailed.-Lris, for Dordt; Eleanora, for Messina. .QUEENSTOWN, X Men 17. W,iind S. -S. E. Axrived.-Marca, from Mauritius; Thetis, fromConstantinople; P.edbreast, from Mazagan. Sailed.-Oneida, for the Crimea. (BY SUBMAMM-E AND BRRITIS T=GRA?n.) GRIAVESEND, WEDIESDAy, 10.7 A.IL Wind S.W., cloudy, and moderate; tide two hours' flGood. 'Arrived, March18.-Dawstone, from Sydney; Gezinafrom Groningen; GuestolfAa, from MoenIsland; Gezina, from inden. Sailed, 15th.-Cyclone, for Sydney. Sailed, 19th-Brothers, for Demerara; Princess Royal, for Malta. DEAL, WEDNESDAY, 9.55 A.,m Wind S.S.W., moderate. Passad.-Blanche Moore, from London, for Calcutta; MischieE, from London, for Palermo; inperatrice, screw steamer, No. 220 transport, froni London, for the Crimea; East Anglian, screwv steamer, No. 162 transport, from the Black Sea, for London. AnchorecL-Northbfeet, from London, for Houghong; John Knox, from London, for the Cape of Good Hope. The Oscar, from London, for Swansea, while working through the Downs last night, the wind at S. B., light and variable, stood too near the shore, missed stays,. and was obliged to anchor in three fathoms water; laid out a kedge anchor, and got clear again. STOCK EXGIEKNGE. WEDNESDAY MOscsnaG, 1n O'CLOCM. Consols for 3oney ... ... 92 to 92,- Consols for Account (April 10) ... 92 - Consols Scrip ... ... ... 2k to 2j pm. Exchequer Scrip ... ... ... 2 to 2. pm,
Ttr&TY BE3YN EN-aLAx: D AND TEm Swiss REnPuLic.-A "Treaty of Friendship, Commerce, and Reciprocal Establishment" was concluded between Her Majesty and the Swiss Confederation at Berne on the 6th of September, 1.855. This was published yesterday. It confers on the sabjects of each Power the privileges of residence in the country of the other on an equal footing, and the enjoyment of every right and privilege accorded to the citizens of the country, or to those of the most favolred. nation. No higher duty or tax is to be levied than is or may be imposed on the like property of a citizen of the country. The treaty is to remain in force for 10 years. TE}S CONnDn,-E CONICYr T:HOROGOOD.-On Saturday an isntinmtie w. xcccivea fom Sirse GsxgOFxuy, the Home Secretary, that the sentence upon James Thoro- good as"rpited until a further signiiication of Her jesty's pleasure." This fact was communicated to Thorogood by the chaplain and govemor of the gaol, when the convict received it with apparent satisfaction, altholgh he - was at the same time cautioned not to indulge in too Sangaine a hope that his life would be nltimately sparedB&sez Herald. PEnDsTRiSAism ExmAonDiNAnY.-Ironsides, the pedestrian, started at 5 minutes after 4 p.m., on Friday, the 14th instant, for the fifth milestone from Penzance on the tHelston-road and back, which he was to repeat 13 times in 26 hours; he finished his performance -at 10 minutes after 4p.m. on the 15th inst., thus accomplish- ing the distance, 130 miles, in 24 hoursand 5 minutes, whichgives very nearly an average of 5 5-12 miles for 24 consecutive hours, and, almost incredible as it may seem, at the conclusion he did not appear muchfatigued; large numbers of people assembled from time to time .to witness the perfor43nce of this extraordinary feat; -and on its completion Trousides made a collection which was liberally responded to. [Advertisement.]-"The Cottage Gardener, Country Gentleman's Companion and Poultry Chronicle " edited b Geooe W. Johnson, Esq. and Robert Hcgg, Esq., published weeiy, price 3d. contains original papers on the various departments of gardening. poultry mamnaement, household affairs, sLud aU rural bursuity-, by the best practical writers of the day. The current numuber contains:-Tse HorticulturelSocietf's Meeting-liew Scythe-RetardationaadProteEtion of Blossoms-VnmeArds of Califoria-Form of Glas iRoofs-Orangoe Trees inWmter-the Cucumber Disease-Dead Timber Fencer-tho Suburban Vill and Country House-Rock Gardens and Alpine Plants-Autumn Rowering PRoses-a Sinmle Propapzting Apparatu.-Fernettya A rt b Fragae-Potato Iuxrain-Marine Aquarium-Trees in SE FauSs Churchyard-Yegetable Culture and Cookery-Spring Treatment of Rose Cuttig-Lon don0Markets, and a varietyg of information on rusaland household Matters A specimen nuimber, free by pt,orfour postage stamps. Theo editorshave just issed anianual oinstrtctions for the nanagement of sonaU gardens, entitled. " Gardening for the Iany." Price 3d., or 10 copies for distribution, free by pot, for balf-a-cr-u.w "Cottage Gardenerloffllco.20,Paternoster-row. [Advertisement.-`" Journal of Adventures with the BritishArmy; fromthecommencementofthoWartotheFalUofSebastopol." By George Cavendish Taylor, late 95th Regiment, 2 vols. 21a. bound, ju.t published. Princlspl eontenta:-ConstaRtinople--Arl of the Troops-The Crlmea-alaklATa and the Battle-Camp LifeInkermamn-Field of Battle-On Board the Ag3amemnon-Constantinople and Scutari-The Turks-Candi Tlaerapia-Change at Bala. kiavaReneatofthe ombaxxnsn-1~eep CorCcrespoudentaThe Expeditions to Kerteh-Entranee to the Sea of Al-Bardlank, Arabat, Geritchi-Attack on Tfaganrog-1dariopol. Tenriouk, Yenikalc, Xertch-Anapa-Attack on the Malakoff andRedan-AnAritlce-Death of L ord Raglan-Coal Mdines of Kosloff-Zingeldek Valley. -Cap)ture of Sobastopol-ThePRodan--TheKarabelnIa-Last Days iu Camp &c. Hurst an d BIaclEett, publihers. 13, Great Mlatiboroush-
- - SPAIN. (FrItON OuI OW COMox,z'i .) , . - 3lA ID,, M cire BI. The debates on the revenue estimates are about to commr nce, and the followincg is a brief Snuiman ry I of the reDoDts sent in and just publiisled in tha: Diarlo dC Its's iCsi;uCs by different members of ther: general committee of ihe Cortes on the subject. The3linisterialplan(I allude to that oA Senor Santa Crae) proposed to. make op the deficit occasioned by the Cortes having last year abolished thie octroi and excise duties (p7tercs and cmismnmo) blyreimposing the former with some modifications, autd levying a tax denominated " indirect contributo ; on all the towns not subject to the gate duties. The. majority of the committee came to an tnnder-, standing with the Government as regards the giter duties, and their report is favourable to the same-' but as regards the other-parit of the scheme th6ye could not agree, and seven differentreportshavebeen presented. Twelve members, including Senors Roda, Concha,, G. de la Vega, Muchada, Laserna, Fuentes, and. Leon v medina, adopt the finisterial plan, but reduce the amount to be levied by 20,000,000 reals,which Senor Santa Cruz stated coiddbedone byeconomy in the colonial estimates. They den*-; minate the new tax " equivalent for the gate, dues." Three members, the Marquis of Corvera, Xozano,, and Cashto, propose the simple re-establishment of the excise duties, as iirst agreed ulpon by the' Ministry and brought in by Senor Bruil in Ctober b3st, and which was subsequently 'eithdrawn F-Five members, Senors Sanchez, Zafra, Silva, Figuerola,Garcia, and Lianos, propose to raise the; required amount by increasing the property-ta; and that on trades and professions, and by a duated discount on salaries and on the annual auns paid to the clergy. Twvo members, Senors Labrador and Acha,, propose similar means to those last mentioned, though, in different proportions, but they also propose a ta of 10 per cent. on the dividends of Govermnnent stockl ancd State paper of all kinds, and a contribution of 30 millions fiom the colonies. Senor Avecilla proposes to raise the sum required by a direct contribution, dividing all the towns and inhabitants into classes and categories accordinT to the population of the one and the social positon of the otler, and graduating the amount to be contributed accordingly. Thlree members of the committee have sent in different reports which a,gree in not proposing any fresh taxes. Senor Gaminde proposes to farm out tlle tobacco revenues, and thereby obtain a cznsiderable increase, and contends that, by an improved administration of the Customs and other revenues, the remaining deficit may be got rid of. , Senor 41fonso, a democratic deputy, would oblige the Govemment tO brig things to a level by re trenchment of expenditure, and censures the MIinisters for strivg to keep up the latter on thfe scale of their Moderado predecessors, and he refuses to reimpose the gate and excise duties in any form or shape. Lastly, Senor Orense has sent in a IOng report, the spirit of which is identical with the last one, and which embodies all the oft-expressed views 'of its author on the suibject of taxation and 6xpen: diture. The discussion will probably commence on one of the hvo last-named reDorts, as being most opposed to the Ministerial plan. The Cortes decided yesterday, on the propositiou of Senor Jaen, that the question of the abolition of 3inisterial cesaciows, or retiring pensions, was one of urgency and should be discussed. The proposition was opposed by the Ministers, but -was carried by 96 votes against S5. Another question wvhich Senor "Battles is abou't to *bring forward is relative to the printing of the -Bible herein Spanish, without notes, which the ecclesiastical authorities wi not permit, but which Senor Battles contends to be perfectly legal. 3Mr. .Alton, an English clergynan at Gibraltar, in'i I believe, mooted this question. i appearsthat, by tlle law of 1822, respecting %e press, a tribunwl of appeal nominated by the Cortes was to be formed as a supreme court to try all cases connected with it; and Senor Battles -will insist oil the Government c.rrying out this law. If this be done the Bil'De case will be brought before this tribunl on appeal from the ecclesiastical censure, which ~Senor Battles contends is only -alid against conunents or wvritings on scriptural and religious matters, and not agaist the simple printing of thie Bibb, !itout 3o-t or cuz t. - - The Tlree per Cents. were done to-day at 39 3.5, and the Deferred ditto at 24 35.
WE ST COAST OF ARICA. PLYMOUTH, MAIMCE 18.- The African Steam Navigation Company's mailpacket Gaiabia, Commander Rolt, arrived this morning. She left Fernando Po on the 8th of FebraWy; Cameroons, 7th; Old Calabar, 6th-; Bo0nny, lst; Lagos, llth; A ccra, 13th; Care Coast, 14th; 1iAberia, 21st; Sien3 Leone, 25th:; E:athurst, 29th; Goree, on thelst of March; Tenerife, 7th; Madeira, 11th. Her cargo conists of 1,948 ounces of golddusl, 377 casks of palm oil, 107 pieces of ivory, 430 pieces of carmwood, 53 packages of gum, 3 bundles of skins, 6 packages of guin3ea g,rains, 57t packages of arrowroot, 55. packages of ground nuts, 16 packages of sundlrie3, 35 pack;ages of pepper, 300) bags of cochineal, 25 bundles of sugar canes, and 3 packages of arga]s. - Rer MEajesty's brig Childers, 12, Commander REickley, was at anchor in ILagos Roads. The steam vessel BSloodihound, 3, Comander G. 33.-Williams, and the steamasloop Eecate, 6, CommanderAlexander D. Gordon, saied therefrom on the 2d of February, for a cruise. The Eecate wil return. The steam vessel Antelope, 3, l ieultenant Charles ILw Youang, sailed'on the 3d for Sierra Leone and intermnediate stations, after which she will leave the coast fojr Plymouth. A large fleet of French ships of war were a GEoree. Tlhe mull packet Retriever left Goree on the 1st of March. The Niger left Teneriffe on the 3d for thie Coast. Business. is very dull at Sierra Leone; ground-. nuts scarce; a number of ships in harbour, waiting freig,ht. Governor Eill is snccessfuly engaged in the promotion of sanitary measures. The colonihi surveyor died of fever about the 10th of Februarg; he was much regretted, having effected considerable improvements during the short time he held officeabout four monlths. Twenty-four trading vessels were in harboulr at ]3atliurst and Abieda ; vargoc5 for about foi2r were inport. -Governor O'Connor -was atMhIrcarl;hy's Aisland. At Cameroons great quietness has prevailed since the-formation of the new treaty. Old Calabar is overstocked with tradingvessels. At Bonny, onl the 11th of January, the ships Martha and Saracen, load3ing oil, took fire, and were destroyed. The Saracen had upwards of 30 tons of gunpowvder, which exploded aftr she had drifted some miles iip the river. Although great quantities are said to be in hand, the palm oil trade is very dull at LJagos; the. district is healthy. A& disturbance about the fanning of the export duties is expected. The steamer Puffn struCk on the bar and became a total 'wreck v.hile endeavouring to recover the guns of Rer2>£ajestys steamer Hecate.- Oil rulles very high at A ccra; some of the most respectable -traders are preparingto leave for thle Dutch Settlement in consequence of the 3 per cent. duties on imports. District healthy. The two parties re3iding at Cape Coast Castle havecome into collision whlen 30 werekldlIed anld 70 wounded. The military did not interfere, but were kept under arms in the casltle, where the deposed King took; refuge. The townsmen were fined 7Ooz. of gold, w,hich they paid cheerfully. O)n the 15th} of Fsebruary M\ajor Ord was to address them and the traders on1 the propriety of the poll-tax. -A large numaber of chiefs iand their retainers were pouring initO the town. Absout S,000 had arrived on the 14thl, ar.d as many more wrere expected. Trade W.lS very dull; at Liberia;: the colony health}y. - Cu the 124th of JanuarCy 700 LJiberians and 200 Boosies went down to Sinoiri to punish the natives for some outragcs perpetr.ated on the Ame-> rican settlers there. Latest acccnmlts state that the Liberians -and their allies were repulsed wvith great loss, the w ounded returninlgin numbers toMonlrovia. LJewis, the general in command, was hlowheser preparing to renewv the attack.* i~~~~~~~~~
INDIA. By the arrival of the overland mail we have rec 3ived our private correspondence, and files of papers Lomn Calcutta of the 8th, and from Bombay of the 16th of February. Our Bombay correspondent writea "BOIMBAY, FM 16. "On the 7th of February it was announoed by I Iroclamation of the Government of India that the liangdonx of Oude -was annexed to the territories of the East India Company. The events and conside. xations that have led to this proceeding on the part] cf the English Government are set forth at length IQm the proclamation. By the treaty of 1801, between the Company and the Sovereign of Oude, the latter engaged, in consideration of protection by the former against enemies, whether foreign or -lomestic, to establish ' such a system of administration, to be carried into effect by his own officers, 4,5 should be conducive to the prosperity of his subjects and calculated to secure the lives and proper-ties of the inhabitants.' The Company has ever -since kept its promise faithfully, preserving, at -rhatever inconvenience to itself, the territory of (oade free aliL-e from foreign invasion and intestine -commotion. But the pledge given by the ruler of ihis protected country has been from first to last dleliberately and systematically violated. Unwilling, 3Lowever, to exercise its undoubted right of regarding the broken treaty as void and withdrawing its aid, the British Government has laboured unseasingly to ameliorate the condition of the oppressed people. Representations have been made to the (*ourt, and the Sovereign has been solemnly wariled orn two several occasions-once by Lord WiDliam i3entinck, and again by Lord Hardinge-.that a conlinuance in his course of misgovernment must and ,ould end in his dethronement. But remonstrances .rnd menaces have alike proved ineffectual. The chief condition of the treaty remains unfulfilled. 'rhe Government is incompetent corrupt, and ,Tyrannical, and the people suffer under it helplessly .ind hopelessly. The King is a careless debauchee, uwayed bv the caprices of designing and worthless :Favourites. The revenue is arbitrarily extorted and :lavishly squandered. The army, for the mostdpart disorganized and clamorous for pay, is the terror rather than the protection of the peaceable inhabitants; law and justice are unknown; and gangs of armed marauders ply their trade unchecked, and render life and property totally insecure. The British Government felt that the time was come for its active interference. The violated treaty was declared null and void. The King was invited to make an amicable transfer of his dominions to the Company, with the assurance of an ample provision for himself and his family. To this proposition he has declined to give his assent. Therefore, the treaty having been cancelled, one of tyro things remained to be done by the British Government-either it must abandon the people of Oade to a blank and miserable future of neverending tyranny and oppression, or it must put forth its strong arm to relieve them, and assume to itself once and for ever the management of their country. It has adopted without hesitation the latter alternative ; wherefore it now makes proclamation that the government of the territories of Oude is henceforth veted exclusively in the Hon. Eastlndia Company. All officers, civil and military, are called upon to render implicit obedience to the British Government. Any recusants will be treated as rebels, but to those who submit full assurance is given of countenance and protection. The revenue shall be determined on an equitable and fixled basis. The gradual improvement of the Oude territories shall be steadily pursued. Justice shall be measured out with an eciual hand, and life and property shall be rendered, as far as possible, secure. " Such is the substance of the State paper that announces the last act of the administration of the Marquis of Dalhonsie. Having already added to our Empire one province to the westward of the Sutlej, and another to the eastward of the Burram. pooter, he has now given us a third in the heart of our dominions, upon the northern bank of the Ganges. The territory thus newly acquired covers, it is said, an area of 24,000 square miles, with a population of between 3,000,000 and 4,000,000. The transfer of its administration will apparently be eMected without difficulty or bloodshed. The large f~ree which I have before mentioned as being in ctursa of concentration at Cawngore was dciected to move ill two brigades upon ILucknow on the 29th of January. General Outram had arrived from Calcutta the day before and directed the movement. On the approach of the troops, 12,000 strong, the King withdrew his guns and disarmed the garrison. On the 4th of February occurred the first interview between General Outram and the Sovereign, on which occasion it was that abdication was proposed to the King, and rejected by him, as mentioned in the proclamation. Three days later his deposition was announced. His pension is to be 150,0001. a-year. General Outram is, it is understood, nominated Chief Commissioner of the new province, with four Assistant Comnmssioners (two civilians and two soldiers), JMajor Banks, Lord Dalhousie's military secretary, being one of the latter. The names are also mentioned of several deputy commissioners, and of two chief officers in the Judicial and Revenue Departments respectively. A Contingent is to be embodied to the amount of some 15,000 men, including three regiments of cavalry and four batteries of artillery; and several officers, both of the B6ngal and the Bombay armies, have already received appointments in it. As I have said, no apprehensions are entertained of any outbreak in the annexed territory, but individual displays of fanatic hate are probably, for a time at least, to be dreaded; and it will be well for the newly appointed officers to be on their guard as to the character of the people they may have about them. "There now remains in India but one native State of any considerable magnitude-that of Hyderabad, in the Deccan. Here is another province in which the Government, if less utterly corrupt and oppressive than that of Lucknow, is still so heaviIy burdened by debt and so much at the mercy of its tulrbulent soldiery as to be likely to occupy the attention of the new Governor-General at a very early period. We are told that a plan for, tranquillzing the country has been formed by Mr. Bushby, the Resident -of Hyderabad. The debt and the Arabs being the two evils to be got rid of, it is proposed to liquidate the former by giving the Nizam a loan of 4,000,0001. sterling; and, with regard to the latter, to ship off all those actually serving to their own country, keeping the colonies of discharged soldiers under strict supervision and depriving them of their forts and strongholds. To effc-t the coercion of the soldiers, an army of 30,000 men from the Madras and Bombay presidencics is to be employed at the expense of the Nizam. To insure the payment of the charges of this force and of the interest of the loan a cession will be required of territory yielding a revenue of 300W000t. a-year. The army of the Nizam will tlien be greatly reduced and be officered entirely by E uropeans.. Such is the scheme of Mr. Bushby, as jV1Aislied by the Indian press. It is a bold and -decided proposition, and one which, if vigorously carried out, would render our frontier less appre.tensive and the people of the Decan far more prosperous and happy, while the Nizam himself would probably find more cause to rejoice than lament at the compulsory departure of his Janmssarie3. " I am glad to say that the disputes between the tRn.u. of Oudinm and. hiis chiefs appear likely to terninate peaceably, and without involving us in a collision with the lTewar Rajpoots. Both the Iawrence brothers, Sir Henry and the Colonel, appear to be quite easy in their minds, and are in different parts of Rajpootans, intent apparently upon quite other matters than the Oudipore award. The brigades at the frontier stations of Deesa and Nusserabad were strengthened, as you know, but the troops have been called on to make no advance. A meeting between the Rana and the recusant chiefs, whose number had been much reduced, had been arranged, and both the Lawrences being absent the very appearance of coercion is avoided. "S A sloop of war from the Persian Gulf arrived a few days ago with letters and despatches. Mr. Murray at the end of December was at a place on the road to Tabriz. Diplomatic relations had not been resumed, and a Persian army was marching on Herat. This last piece of intelligence is especially interesting to us in these days of our alliance, offensive and defensive, With Dost Mahomed. The movement on Herat must be intended either to support or to destroy the Suddozye Prince Mohammed Yusuf, who three months ago recovered the city by the aid of a Persian force, and professed to hold it as the vassal of Teheran. It is natural that the Prince should desire, and possibly that he may find himself strong enough, to throw off his Persian allegiance and set up for himself, and, if so, of course it would not be oaths or obligations that wouId bind him. But his defection would place him between two fires, for he can expect nothing but hostility at Cabul, and it is more probable,therefore, thatit is in support of its puppet that the Persian Court has despatched an army to Herat. Such support may, if we credit the latest news from Cabul, be directed more immediately against intestine faction than the arms of the Dost and his brothers. There is, it is said, in the city, a strong Affghan party, which is in communication with the Ameer, offering to deliver the place to him. However, be the difficulties of Mohammed Yusuf and his relations with the Court of Teheran what they may, the movement on Herat is a menace to Affghaniston; and, accordingly, since we heard of it here, the talk of an expedition to Persia from this port has been revived. This is -an occurrence of which the probability is regarded by some people likely to be well-informed as by no means remote; but I have no reason to believe that any movement is as yet decided upon. " The Cabul letter,to which I have referred above, speakls of the Ameer as being at that date still at Candahar in indifferent health, but on excellent terms with his brother and nephews. Another brother, Sultan Mahomed, the ex-Chief of Peshawur, and a well-known intriguer, was also there, and had, according to one account, effected so complete a reconciliation between his brethren of Cabul and Candahar, that the latter and his chiefs were about to send their families to Cabul in proof of their confidence and affection. If this be true, the schemes of the Dost upon Candahar would seem to be progressing apace. But another account states that the Candaharese are very suspicious of their visitor, and that Sultan Mahomed confirms and strengthens their apprehensions as much as he can. Inthe direction of Herat the weather would be likely to prevent the Ameer from moving for some months, but he is reported to be engaged in endeavouring by diplomacy to strengthen his hands against his enemies on the western frontier. If this report be true in detail, we may expect shortly to hear of the arrival of an Affghan envoy at the camp of the Commissioner of Peshawur. " Lord and Lady Canning left Bombay on the 6th, and reached Madras, as we learn by telegraph, - on the 14th. The last three days of their stay, like thepreceding ones, were fully occupied with visits to places and institutions of interest. The presentation of prizes to the native girls schools of the Stu- cent- Uterakj' Socity i poen of asaAriking aud; unique spectacle. In proof of the success of these schools, it is stated that it is only seven years since they were opened with 24 Hindoo and 44 Parsee girls, while now the average daily attendance at the nine schools of the society is 654. At the beginning of last year there were on the books 501 Parsee girls and 238 Hindoo. " Tiade has been considerablyaffected during the ast ten days by the nc-a-arrival of the mail of the 10th of January, which, owing to the break3down of the Pera off the coast of Portugal, did not reach us till yesterday evening. Money has continued to be very scarce, but the arrival of upwards. of ten lacs of rupees by the mail will tend to make the market easier. "Exchange has been as high on six months' bills as 2s. 21d. per rupee." Our Calcutta correspondent writes ICALCUTMM FEB. 8. "The Santals have become again exceedingly troublesome. You will remember that the Legis. lature recently turned the whole district into a nonregulation province, or, in other words, relieved it from the operation of the laws. As soon as the act was passed the Lieutenant-Governor hastened in person to the district, conversed with many of the prisoners, and endeavoured as far as in hirn lay to induce the savages to settle down in peace. Many of the troops were withdrawn, -and the rebellionr was declared officially at an end. The statement was true as far as active resistance was concerned, but the - Santals did not settle down. Most. of their villages are owned in the first instance by Bengalees, and these men wil not suffer the Santals to return. Very few, I believe, attempted it. The whole tribe seems to be under the influence of some panic or impulse such as none but savages ever feel. Part of them have fled into jungles where they cannot be reached, much less assisted: part took their way to the westward, and endeavoured to escape into Singhbhoom. The public took the alarm, cleclared that the Coles, a great tribe in that province, would join them, and we should have rebellion from Orissa to Daijeeling. The Government, on the other hand, was half willing to let them go. It did not, in the first place, see how to stop them. We cannot shoot down even savages without reason, and .they had a right, not being in rebellion, to go where they pleased. Moreover, the crops have failed in Bhaugulpore. The Damin-i-koh has this year grown no grain, and a famine-seemed, imminent among the-outcasts. It therefore rather approved an emigration which, by disPersing, would render them easy to feed. Soon, however, further information was received. The ' Coles did not at all approve the immigration. ' They prepared to repel it by force, and it seemed certain that a general massacre would be the result. The order was therefore at last issued. The Santals are' to be stopped, if necessary, by the bayonet. The Grand Trank road is well guarded, and escape is impoisible. The instant this difficulty had been overcome another appeared. A body of Santals, hitherto quiet and residing as far north as the boundary of Monghyr, suddenlybroke out, plundered one place, threatened another, and aunounced themselves masters of the colntry. The new commissioner, an active man, behaved with decixion. ' Captain Fagan, with a party of the Hill Rangers,was instantly despatched in puruift and fortunately came up with'them. The s 1:=ih was short, but the Santals, for a wonder, stood fire, and 31 of their number were left upon the ground. The rest fled, and the movement may possibly be. suppressed. There is still, however, much danger.. The San-tals have no food, and savagres will not starve. The Gxovernmenit therefore is actively enx- gaged in throwing troops upon the menaced points, andl endeavouring as far as may be to limit the arem of disturbance. I am not without hope that the tribe may expend their strength towards the north, in which case we shall have the assistance of the population. It is the desperate -cowardice of the Bengalees which renders the task of the troops so difficult. Frequently a dozen clubmen could save a village, yet even this assistance cannot be obtained. r " As yet the amount of damage done is not great, but -the want of confidence impedes every kindof undertaking. " Thereis one feature about this movement which has attracted some attention. The Santals in all their recent proclamations have expressed their desire to spare and protect the ryots. It is said also that they have been aided by Hindoos of the lowest castes, who are particularly active in the search for plunder. A servile war is not very probable tin Bengal, but these classes would furnish a formidable addition to the strength of the Santals. The reports, however, want confirmation, as they rest for the present upon native authority. "T' hTe great increase in the price of rice has recently created some alarm. In some of the metropolitan districts only 321b. are now sold for the rupee. The ordinary quantity is from 601b. to SOlb. When only 181b. or 201b. can be obtained, the distress will be extreme, 81b. or 1Ob. being the point at which actual starvation commences. The demand for export has been very great, and the drain is supplied almost exclusively from the districts nearest to Calcutta. The rice from the further districts cannot, from our defective communication, be brought down in time. The Friead of Xndia has published an official table, showing that in one district grain is actually selling at 901b., and in several others at 701b. per rupee. This is as if wheat were selling in Cornwall at 40s. a-quarter, and in Mak-lane at 80s. The evil springs from the want, not of trunk roads, but of short roads, connecting the interior with the river, These roads ought to be made by the local committees who manage the funds raised by tolls and ferries, but the resources at their disposal are not sufficient. " The rice trade of Rangoon, which was expected to be very large, seems as yet but small. During the six months ending the 30th of June the value of the rice exported was only 35,0001., and there is no prospect of any great increase. The fact is, Pegu has no population; it was always overrated, and during the war seems seriously to have declined. There are now not more than 1,500,000 people, and of these a large proportion dwell on the banks of the creeks, and will do anything except work. The void must be filled up from Bengal and Madras, but as yet the Government has done nothing to encourage emigration. The coolies, or labourers, are qulte willing to go, but they need information andmeans of rapidcommunication withtheir friends. Government supplies all this to Coolies emigratingto Mauritius, but neglects tofollowthe same systemfor the benefit of its own provinces. Two good steamers crossing thebay everylO days would in a few months land 10,000 coolies inPegu. These men, finding their wages doubled and themselves free from oppression, would speedily entice over their friends and relatives. The climate is the same as that of Bengal, the soil is the same, and the land can be obtained at an almost nominal rent foE the asking. Arracan, a few years ago a barren province, has been thus filled up, and last year the tonnage in the port of Akyab was 250,000 tons. These ships were loaded with rice alone. During the six months ending June 30, 1855, the trde of Rangoon was as follows ExroRTS. REs. a. p. Timber. ... ... 62,456 11 1 'Rice and paddy. ... ... 3,24,573 1 9 Cutch ... . . . 1,20,259 11 8 402 0 0 St>.5 ... .. . 5293 7 2 Sundries ... ... ... ... 4,00,765 13 10 Totil ... ... 9,13,750 13 6 ImponTs. Cotton piece goods. ... 11,81,885 10 1 Sllkditto. ... ... 3,59,428 0 3 Woolleu ditto . .. .. 55,055 0 5 Timnber ... .. ... .. 36,62211 2 Wines and beer .. -.. .. 2,8,119 6 8 Salt . . ... ... .. 3,250 2 3 Sundries ... ... ... ... 11,87,93311 11 Total ... ... ... 31,08,294 10 9 "LordDalhousie has published his final orderupon what is called here the Mackenzie affair. You will remember that some months since, when the sudden gust of.Mahommedanfeeling was at its height, astory was circulated of an attempt to assassinate Brigadier Colin Mackenzie. This officer-one of the heroes of the ghan war-was then commanding atBolarum, in the Deccan. He had, it appeared, issued some obnoxious order prohibiting aprocessionon Sunday. The order was immediately recalled, but on the last day of the Mohurrum a rabble of boys and camp followers marked their disapprobation of his conduct by a tumult outside his gate. He ordered thQm to desist, and finally went out himself audl plucked a standard from a lad's hand. The men of the 3d Cavalry took upthe quarrel of the mob, rushed down to the Brigadier's house, wounded him, attacked all the officers they met, and only returned to their duty on the approach of a European corps. A long delay occurred in investigating the affair, but at last theI final decision has appeared. The Governor-General reprimands Brigadier Mackenzie, declares that his ' wounds' will compel him to leave Bolarum, but refuses to exculpate the men. Those actuallypresent at the assault are to be tried, and the whole of the native officers are dismissed. The order hasgiven general satisfaction ; the current of opinion runs against Colonel Mackenzie, and the army are especially pleased that the responsibility of the native officers is enforced. Individually, I think Colonel Mackenzie hardly treated, but Government is compelled to be even harsh in its respect for all religions. This respect has of late greatly increased, andthere is a tendency to carry it to- somewhat absurd lengths. Witness the bill passed. during the fortnight to punish the sale or exposure of obscene . books or pictures. The Legislature has actually at the third reading inserted a clause rendering the act inapplicable to any picture or statue on a temple or car used for the con:veyance of. an idol. The clause destroys the 'moral' effect of.the act.' What is the use of telling a :peopie that obscene pictures are injurious to society, while they are specialy. sanctioned . by a formal act of a'Christian.' Legislature in all places- of public Worship?. . "Bills' for legalizing the re-marriage of Hindoo widows' and for altering under.tenures has passed a second reading. The -former measure has created no disc.ssion, -anid will probably be passed. The latter is creating a great deal of discussion, but the subject'willnot fairly come on till next mail. "The- only domestic intelligence of interest refers to Lord Dalhousie. I am sorry to say he is seriously unwelI and telegraphed three days since to Lord Canning to hasten his arrival in Calcutta. It is hoped that there is no real danger, but it is a race against time. If Lord Dalhousie can hold on till-he is reie'yed he may rapidly-recover,but'his de- termined zeal'is undermining his constitution. The' residents of Calcutt.ahave invited his Lordship to a' ball, -but he-was-compelled to decline the invitation. They-Lhae nbw.. called a 'public meeting to devise some method-to perpetuate the memory of his ieign. It will- - be very 'nrumerously att-ended; though L-ord Dalhousie is, perhaps, less popula:, inx QaIcII#A than in any other portion of the empire. The meeting is faxed for the 13th inst." THE ANiWEXArION OF O1UDE. The following is the official proclamation of the alnnexation of Oude "By a treaty concluded in the year 1801, the Hon. East India Company engaed to protect the Sovereign of Oude against every foreign and domegtic enemy, wlhile the Sovereign of Oudo, upon his part, bound himself to establish 'such a system of administration, to be vcrried into effect by his own officers, as should be conducive to the prosperity of his subjects, and calculated to secure the lives and properties of the inhabitants.' "The obligations which the treaty imposed upon the Hon. East India Company have been observed by it, for more than half a century, faithfully, constantly, and completely. "In all thattime, though the British Government itself has been engaged in frequent wars, no foreign foe has ever set his foot on the soil of Oude ; no rebellion has ever threatened the stability of its throne. British troops have been stationed in close proximity to the King's person; and their aid has never been 'withheld whenever his power was wrongfully defied. " On the other hand, one chief and vital stipulation of the treaty has been wholly disregarded by every successive ruler of Oude; and the pledge, which was given for the establishment of such a system of administration as should sacure the lives and properties of the people of Oude, and be conducive to their prosperity, has from first to Last been deliberately and systematically violated. "By reason of this violation of the compact made the British Government might long since have justly,declared the treaty void, and might have withdrawn its protection from the rulers of Oude. -Butit hashitherto been reluctant to have recourse to measures which would be fatal to the power and authority of a Royal race, who, whatever their faults towards their own subjects, have ever been faithful a.id true to their friendship with the English nation. "Nevertheless, the British Government has not failed to labour during all that time, earnestly and perse-eringly, for the deliverance of the people of Oude from the grievous oppression and a isrule, which they have suffered. "Many years have passed since the Governor-General, Lord William Bentinck, perceiving that every previous endeavour io amoliorate the condition of the people of Oude had been tinvarted or evaded, made a formal declaration to the lourt of L-acknow, that it would become necessary that he should proceed to assumne the direct management of the Oude territories. * "The words and the menace which were employed by Lord William Bentinck were eight years ago repeated in parson by Lord Hardinge to the King. The Sovereign of Oude was on that day solemnly bid remember that, whatevermight now happen, 'it would be manifest to all the world that he had received a friendly and a timely wvarnmg. S" Bat the friendly intentions of the British Govermment lhave been wholly defeated by the obstimacy, or incapacity, or apathy of the Viziers and Kings of Oude. Disinterested counsel and indignant censure, alternating through more than 50 years with repeated warning, remonstrance, and threats, have all proved ineffectual and vain. The chief condition of the treaty remains unfnlfilled; the promise of the king rest unperformed; and the people of Oude are stll the victims of incompetency, corruption, and tyranny 'without remedy or hope of relief. " It is notorious throughout the land that the King, like most of his predecessors, takes no real share in the direction of public affairs. "The powers of government throughout his dominions Sre for the most part abandoned to worthless favourites of the Court, or to violent and corrupt men, unfit for their duties and unworthy trust. " The colectors of the revenue hold sway over their districts with uncontrollable authority, extorting the utmost payment from the people, without reference to past or present engagements. "The King's troops, with rare exceptions, undisciplined and disorganized, and defrauded of their pay by those to -whom it is entrusted, are permitted to plunder the villages for their own support, so that they have become a lasting scourge to the country they are employed to protect." " Gangs of freebooters infest the districts. Law and justice are unknown, armed violence and bloodshed are daily events; and life and property are nowhere secure for an hour. " The time has como when the British Government can no longer tolerate in Oade these evils and abuses, while its position under the treaty serves indirectly to sustain or continue to the Sovereign that protection which alone upholds the power, whereby such evils are inflicted. " Fifty years of sad experience have proved that the treaty of 1801 has wholly failed to secure the happiness and prosperity of Oade; anud have conclusively showin, that no effectnal security can be had for the release of the people of that coantryfrom the grievousoppression theyhave long endured, unless the exclusive administration of the territories of Onde shall be permanently transferred to the British Government. " To that end it has been declared by the special aluthority and consent of the Ron. the Court of Directors, that the treaty of 1801, disregarded and violated by each succeeding Sovereign of Oude, is henceforth wholly null and void. " is Majesty Wajid Ali Shah was invited to enter into a new engagement, whereby the government of the territories of Onde should be vested exclasively and for ever in the Hon. East India Company, while ample provision should be made for the dignity, affluence, and honour of the King and of his family. "But His Majesty the King refused to enter into the amicable agreement which was offered for his acceptance. " Inasmuch, then, as His Majesty Wajid Ali Shah, in common with all his predecessors, has refused, or evaded, or neglected to falfil the obligation of the treaty of 1801, "whereby he was bound to establish within his dominons sucha system of administration as should be conducive to the prosperity and happiness of his subjects; and inasmuch as the treaty he thereby violated has been declared to be nunl and void; and inasmuch as His Majesty has refused to enter into other agreements which were offered to him in lieu of suchtreaty; and-inasmuch as theterms of thattreaty, if it had still remained in force, forbade the employ. ment of British officers in Oude, without which no efficient sYstem of administration could be established there, it is 1 manifest to all that the British Government had butaone Ialternative-before it. "Either it must altogelher desert the people of Oude and deliver them up helpless to oppression and tyranny,. which, acting under the restrictions of treaty, it has already too long appeared to countenance; or it must put forth its own great power on behalf of a people for whose happiness -it more than 50 years ago engaged to interpose, and must at once assume to itself the exclusive and permanent administration of the territories of Oude. "The British Government has had no hesitation in choosing the latter alternative. - "Wherefore proclamationis hereby made that the government of the territories of Oude is henceforth vested exclusively and for ever,- in the Hon. East India Company. I "All Amils, Nazims, Chuckledars, and other servants of the Durbar, all officers civil and military, the soldiers of the State, and all the inhabitants of Oade, are required to render henceforth-implicit and exclusive obedience to the officers of the British Government. " If any officer of Durbar, Jageerdar, Zemindar, or other person, shall refase torender such obedience, if he- shall withhold the payment of revenue, er shall otherwise dispute or defy the authority of the - British Govarnment, he shall be declared a rebel,- his person shall be seized, and his jageers or lands shall be confiscated to the State. "To those who shall immediately and quietly submit themselves to the authority of the British Government, 'ietherAnils, Public Officers, Jageerdars, Zemindars, ox other inhabitants of Oude, -full assurance is hereby given of protection, consideration, and favour. "'--The revenue of the-districts shall be determined on a fair and settled basis. - "The gradual improvement of the Onde territories shall ,bo steadilypursued. -- : "Justice esba benieasured out with an equal hand. Protection- shall, be given-to life and property, and every min shall enjoy henceforth his just rights w%ithout fear ,of molestations - - By order of the most noble the Governor-General of India in 6Council. ; - - r . ". zxG. F. EDMOMST )NE; - '- - " Secretaryto the Govermnent of Ind&a." COmlflcIAL INTELLGENCE. - ; BOMBAY MARKETS. Fromthe 3d to the-16thof February. '(From' the Bernfay Times of Feb. 16.) The Overland Mail of- the 10th of January only reached: Bombay yesterday.~ Tere is. no change in- or money-market during the fortnight; even at 12 per cent. it is impossible to borrow on Government secaurties-, improved quotations coming frote Calcutta Company's paper look a little up, Fives being now saleablo&at 993Sf., an' Fours at 84r. In Joint-Stock shares there is little doing.. - o b Cotton Piece Goods.-A fair amountf business has been transacted durng; the pasf fortnight, but the prices realized habo niot for the most part been remuner^ative, -holders Gray Shirtirigs.-40 in. up to 5ib. are dull; 0Th. hlave iai- Vroved, and 71br are in very demand. There is a fair tnquiry for all descriptions o in Gray jaconets are ulL - Gray madapollams of Ua descriptions are in goodcdemand. Gray long cloth and domestics of all kinds are little sought after. GrayT-cloth from lb. andupwards in rery good demand. Bleached shiwngs in moderate inquiry for middling quality, aUl others are -little cared for. Bleached madapollanasVery low in good inquiry, middling andnpvraras not in demand. Satin spots have advanced, there beimgsomo inqnizy for Blehed twills.-Lowto middlingin fair inquiry-fino dull. Bleached jaconets of all descriptions very dull of sale. Fancy Goods.-Bleached and gray dhoties and lappets of middling quality in fair inquiry-all other descriptions dulL Yarns.-Both water and mule have decinet, excepting Nos. 90 and 100 of mule ; dyed orange of known quality in good demand-Turkey red in moderate inquiry- Metals.-English bar iron is in demand; Swedish bars have declined. There is no change in spelber. Copper sheathing maintains its last value. Quicksilver, red and white lead, are in fair request. EXpORT. Cotton WooL-The market is dul, and prices have declined. Of the new erop a very small supply has been received from Broach, and realized 98r.- frther arrivals are not expected tiU March, and purchases have been made for delirery in April, at 92r. For Dhollera new, to be delivered on the Ist of April, 85r. are asked. Opium had declined to 1,000r. but w.thin thelast few days has slightly risen, consequent upon China intelligence received by electric telegrph from Calcutta. Hemp has declined. Sheep's wool has advanced, and is in good demand. Cochineal has declined, there being little or no inquiry forit. Saffron maintains former rates, and is in demand. Coffee.-No Mocha in the market ;Malabar arriving 6A to _pler maund. Pepper.-For Bhutcol we quote 87 to 88; and TeDicherry, 82. Oil Seeds.-Present rates are for linseed from Scinde, 4-12r. ; and for Candeish, 4-14r. ; teel is in good demand, 25r. to 25,?r.; Niger, 17r.; and rape, 4r. .EXCRAiXGZ Sinlc last mail h: .lvanced about an eighth, frst-class credits having soid at 2s. 2Ad. to 2s. 2nd., and documents at 2s. V2d. to 2s. 2zd. Oln Calcutta 60 days' sight, 97r. Madras 30 days' sight, Vr. China, 60 days' sight, 216r. FREIGHT For coton, to England, may be quoted at 41. per ton, nearly all the available tcnnage having been kelen up. To China, little is doing, and the freights are nominal at 16 toi8r. CAAL'TA Mf ARKETS. (From the Calcutta Star of the 8th of February.) Since the date of our last report nothing of any conue. quence has transpired in the position of our export market. Operations under the infLuence of last advices receivedfrom home have been conducted on a very moderate scale ; a great rant of spirit is observable on the part of shippers, which has resulted in a more contracted scale of business than usal. The value of some -of- our staples has been detri. mentally affected, while, with the exception of indigo, hardlly a single article can be pronounced as exhibiting firmness, much less an advaneg tendency. In our last we gave a precis of the home intelligence as regards commnercial matters received by the last Englishmail. Indigo has continued to commnnd much attention, and in some few instances a shade of advance has been obtained for some favourite marks. Business- has been doing on the usual active scale, which must very soon bring the season's operations to a termination. Shipments have already reached about 84,000 maunds. Sugar manifests no disposition to raly, but is completely neglected, value, as a matter of course, suffering materially nnder such general neglect. In saltpetre a moderate amount of business has been done, brought about by the concession in terms submitted to by holders, -without-which-it apopeared impossible to effect any sales. Tnrice there has also been a decline of price, but yet a verygoodscaleof businessappearstoDhavebeendone. Exports amount to more than S lacs in alL No materialaltertionhas taken place in raw silk. A moderate scale of business has been on foot at the reduction mentioned before. European filatures have improved a shade; corahs have been going forward rather extensively; having been sold to a very fair extent, at a reduction on former figures. Linseed has gone stiU lower down in-value. Rapeseed remains as before, not moving away but for locil consumption. Jute indicates improvement in prices, particularly for the finer descriptions: a fair business appears to be doing. Nothing on foot in safflower. In lacdye we have not heard of anything doing either. Shellac maintains its position, both as to demand and value, and moves away very moderately. Demand has improved for castor oil, but, the seed being scarce, prices have advanced to 12r. Sa. Cutch has been placed at Sr. Sa. Opium remains steady, without any fluctuation. The Import Market.-A progressive improvement has been apparent inthe position of this blanch of our report for some little time past. Decidedly a better feeling prevails among the natives, which has led to a more extended scale of operations. Demand for steam tonnage tothe upper provinces has greatly increased, aided, no doubt, by the lato rais, which have impeded-the transit by country carts, and the fresh outbreak of the Santals, which has put a stop to the Government transit carts for a while. These have caused the demand for tonnage at the steam offices to amount to very like importunity. We are glad to find the companies have ample -means of meetingthis and greater demands. The India General Company has advertised a vessel per week for the present month. In the scale of prices we are unable to report iny; general improvement, but a rise cannot but take place under the influence of improving demand. Accounts from the up-couniry marts are pro. misi:g, and npon the whole sufficient to justify the expectationof abetter position of things before long. The Xoney-Market.-We said before that a shade of improvement was beginning to manifest itself in regard to monetary matters; this has continued, and altogether we may say the feeling is better now than it has been for some time past. More confidence appears to prevail, and in the Bazaar accommodation is more readily practicable, andrates are easier. We must, however, say that we have no expectation that this improvement will prove rapidly pro. gressive. IUnder this improved feeling the value -of Government seourities has slightly advanced, and we are enabled to quote as follows :-Sicca Four per Cents., 14r. 12a. to 15r. ; and Company's Fives, 1 to i per cent. discount. In the share-market we have heard of no business. India General Steam Navigation Company's shares indicate improvement, whichwe calcolatewill be progressive. Evenunderunfavourable circumstance that compauyappears to have done well for the last six months of the past year, having earned 359,OOOr. during that period. Operations of the present half-year promise even a more favourable result. We hear the Ganges Company have likcewise done welL so that it is quite manifest that the field is ample enough for both, even wyith extended fleets. Exchange.-We have not had much business doing for despatch by the ensuing out-going maiL Rates, however, indicate a decEline fromprevious figures. We may quote the following as ruling:- . 8~~~.dL s.da. First-class credit six months' sight .. 2 2 to 2 21 Documentbills, ditto ... ... 2 2g to 2 21 Treasury and post bills, ditto ... 2 1 0 O0 The figures ruling for China are 217r. per $100. PRICE OF BULLIox. Spanish dolars ... 221 0 0 to 222 0 0 per IOD Mexicandollars 220 0 0 to 221 0 0 ditto Australiangold ... 15 2 Oto 15 6 Op.s.-wt. Guilders ... ... 85 0 0 to 0 0 O perl00 Bankof England notes 10 9 0 to 10 8 0 each Sovereigns ... ... 10 1 0 to 0 0 Ors. Chinagold, inbars 15 8 0 to 1512 D s. wt. Syc. silver 104 4 0 to 104 12 Op. 100 Freights.-The tendency of home rates has been towards a decline, in consequence of some heavy arrivals and a fall-. ingeffiu demnand for tonnage. I,ondon and Liverpool we quote as bad, a declie rather expected than established. Mauritius fig,ures remain unchanged, at 112 rs. per bag of rice. There has been a little business done for China, at 65 cents for rice. Cotton is nominal at present, only V3 per bag offering.
3ZRCHAxT SAsme's OsxR&h As=n .-Last iaight the anniversary festival of this institution, established nearly 30 years ago, for the maintenance and education of the children of deceased merchant seamen, was held at the London Tavern, when upwards of 300 gentlemen sat down, to dinner, tider the presidency of Mr. Thomas Baring,| ILP. Childrenare admitted to the asylum from the age of seven to 11 years, and at present 145 are participating in its benelits. Many of those who have left the institution have, bytheir trushworthy and good conduct, become excellent membere of society, and are filling situationS of credit and respectability. A buildingfundhas been set on foot for the erection of anewvand suitable residence and school-rooms for the charity, to which, exclusive of the amoiint collected last night, 1,581. has been subecribed and invested-in the funds. 'The urgent necessity I there is for a society like 'this may be inferred from the statement, made oith?e authority of aParliamentaryreturn, that the number of shipwrecks and other disasters at sea in the Englishmercantilemarine, varyingin magnitude, during four recent years, was 12,303, of which no less than 201 ships and their crews departed from various ports, and not one of them was ever heard of again. Allowing four men and oneboyto l,000 tons, the annuallossof life averages at Lloyds' 1,250; the gross number for fouz years being 4,298. Added to thui, the present war has entailed much misery, and occasioned many orphans inthe mercantile marine, many of wh6m must look to this asylum for their future home. The ahildren in the institution gave strong evidence, at a recent examination, of theefficientinstructi naffordedthen inthe different branches. of their education, which includes the Scriptures, penmanship,kgeography,-Englishgram-arand hi:tory, andmentalarithmetic. Tlie girls are also taught needlework. They were introduced into the room last night after dinner, aid their healthy, cleaply,. and happy apPearance elicitodthe admiration of allpresent. The chman delivered a suitable address to' them. In proposing the"toast of the: evening, too, he pronoiuced an eloquent culogiinm upon the mercantile marine, and the importaut serviees they rendered to the State, aike in peaceand war; and adverted to the irresistible clains which their orphan children had upon the eharitv and beuevolence of the country. The sum of 1,9181. wastu~bscribed i'nthe course of the evening, includingz 100 goineasbythechairanan, 1OOt.bythe Trinity house, 50t. bythe -:l3StIni Company, 501. by Lloyds', 50 guineas by3Mesars. ilaaing, l:rothers, aud Co., and 50 guineas by Mesr Blyth and Greene. It was also:sthted in the report that a noble ady,. through the niedinm of one of the governors, hxad jliced a boy on the foundation, and paid lOOl. for hi3 admission. The music s underthe direction of MX G. F. Taylor, assisted by MIiss Mariin Taylor, Miss AMlaTylaor, and other. lr. Hliggs ofEiciated as toast-master.
ABIUVAL oF THE XIAN Op THE I . B~~BELGaANS. Yesterday, shortly before 2 oeclock, the King -of the Belgiaa. arrived at Windsor Castle, on. a visit to Her Majesty and his Royal Highness the Prince Consort, on the occasion of the confirmation of the Princess Royal, appointed-t. take place to-morrow (Thursday). Hiis Majesty, accompaniod by Colonel Moerkerke, Captain Prisse, and Dr. Rick-en, arrived at Dover,from Ostend, on Monday evening at 11.45, and immediately proceeded to the Lord Warden Hotel - where His Majesty and suite passed the might". The Royal party was received on landing by laord Camoys, Lord in Waiting to the Queen, and Captain the Hon. Dudley de Ros, Equerry in Wait.; ing to his Royal Highness Prince Albert, M. Van de Weyer, the Belgian Amnbassador, and 2% Delfosse, the Secretary of Legation, all of whoni had proceeded from London to Dover in the coursa of the day to await His Majesty's amival. Before leaving Dover yesterday morning Hii. Majesty inspected a part of the Swiss Legion which was drawn up in line forthe occasion in the vicinity of the railway terminus, under the command of Colonel Streatfield. The Royal party, accompaniedE by Lord Camoys, Captain the Hon. Dudley de Ros,! M. Van de Weyer, and M. Delfosse, took their departure from Dover yesterday morning in a specidV train, and proceeded to London by the South-Eastern Railway. The Hon. James Byng, chairman of the&: company, and hIr. W. G. Tnomson, the deputychairman, received His Majesty at the Dover station, and accompanied him to the Royal carriage. - Lord Alfred Paget, the Hon. M1r. Curzon, the - Mayor of Dover, and other gentlemen were present; including M1r. Anderson, Mr. Cross, Mr. Beattie, and Mr. Teulon, four of the directors of the-rail-- way company. - The Royal train started from the terminus at Dover at 10.15 a.m., and, after stopping for a few. minutes at Tunbridge to take in water, ariveV at the Bricl;ayers' Anxu station at 12.25. The alrangements for the journey were made! under the superintendence of MIr. Eborall, the: manager of the railway, and the engine -was driven - by M1r. Cudworth, the locomotive superintendent. isM31ajesty expressed his gratification at the manner in which the journey had been performed. Fromn the Bricklayers' Axms station, where a consiaerable number of people were assembled to witness His Majesty's arrival, the Royal party pro-- ceeded direct to Her Mjests private station at Vauxhall, whence they tDok their departure. for: Windsor Castle, shortly before 1 o'elock, by '.he, South-Western Railway.
STATE OF EGYPT. (Bohi OUR OW1s CORREPOhDEN'T.) AEMANDRIA, M&-Aci 1it Said Pasha, the Viceroy, has determined to make a rail.; road from Alexandria to Mlareotis, an out-of-the-way spot some 17 miles to the westward of this town, where his Highness has taken a fancy to form an intrenched camp for his soldiers. To satisfy this whim, Said Pasha will expend something like 80,0001. sterling, and it is thus that the surplus revenues of Egypt are squaudered away; for Mareotis is a dreary, desert place on the other side of the lake, without ve-getation and without inabitants, andfrora the moment of Said Pasha's death the railway vwill be totally neglected, as it cannot be turned to any account., Meanwhile, Mouchelet, the French engineer, who was engaged on the Sues railway, has been ordered down from his poet to superintend this most useless line, to the detriment of the much more important line between Cairo and Suez. : El Hamee P'asha, son of the late Viceroy, Abbas Pasha, .is now preferring his claims against Said Pasha for 3,000,000l.- sterling, as the inheritance of the valuo of his father'& property. When Abbas Pasha succeeded to the Pashalic the sons of Mehemet All claimned their inheritance of him, and it was decided by the Sultan, to whom the' quLestion was submitted, that their demand was just; and, though it is very difficult in Egypt to determine what is State property and whati s private property, Abbas PashS was ordered to pay 1,000,0001. steiling to the sons and daughters of Mehemet A%, which they received. According to this precedent, Said Pasha feels that he will have to payin his turn, so that, instead of referring the matter to Constantinople, where he knows it wouldbe decidedagainst him, his Highness has asked the European consuls to act as arbiters in the matter, and El Hamee Pasha has purposely claimed an exorbitant amount, in order that, after deduction of the counter-claims that will undoubtedly be made by Said Pasha, he may still receive a good round sum. The placing of buoys and beacons at the entrance of the harbour is progressing under the superintendence of Uh F'rench Captain Hommey. The work was commenced in September, but was suspended at several intervals ori account of bad weather. There are three channels into the harbour of Alexandria; the one for vessels drawing less than 14 feet has already two beacons, one red and one black-, raised 21 feet above the level of the sea, and three floating buoys; thelMarabout channel is being marked out just now, and -when it is finished the principal channel for vessels drawing under 25 French feet willbe commenced at once. . The brig Henry Warburton, laden -with railway iron, struck upon a rock in con3ing into the harbour on the 26th of February, and foundered on reaching her moorings. Her cargo will be recovered, but the vessel willbe quite lost. Trade in Alexandria is very dull, aethere is but little produce for shipment, owingtothe large quantities exported during the last four months, and the closing of the cunal wihich communicates with the Nile, by which all produce is brought down from the interior, and which is to undergo the process of being cleaned and deepened. Some cotton is beingbrought down on camels' backs. Freights are at 4s. to 4s. 6d. per quarter, vith no demand for tonnage. Exchange on London 1004 piastres per 11. sterling. The newly appointed Sheriff of 3Iecca arrived here, from Constantinople, in a Turkish steam-frigate on the 28tlh, and will proceed to his post at once, as the whole of Arabia is in a -very disturbed state. By the last accounts, the tribes of Aseir, numbering 30,000 men, had seized upon and garrisoned four small towns on the coast. The Hon. East India Company's steamer Queen and the sloop Elphinstone were both at Hodeida to protect that town and overawe the rebels. The TEurkish Governor of Arabia, Mlohammed Pasha, has only 2,500 men, regulars and irregulars, to support the authority of the SultuL Mohammedben Aaoon. the new Sheriff, is said to possess considerable influence in Arabia, where he has been sheriff before. His immediate predecessor, Aboo Hootaaleb, who went out in August, 1851, has been superseded, on account of countenancing to a considerable extent the present movement, which has been causedby the promulgation of the Anti-slavery Act. In all probability, Said Pasba will eventualy be saddled by the Sultan with the charge of putting down the insurgents in Arabia, and it will serve as a vent for the Viceroy's military ardour. The new King of Abyssinia, Theodosius, is on his way to conquer the Christian kingdom of Shoa. He has already taken possession of a large district not farfrom Hnrrur, and made over the govemment of his new PrOVince to an Englishman named Bell, who has long been in his service.
!THE PORTLAND GALLERY. TO TEE EDITOR OF TEE TIES. Sir,-I do not think the critieque on the Portland Gallery which appeais, with all the authority of Tzc Timcns, in your paper of this morning is as fair to a voung and risinginstitution as an article in zl%c Ti,ncs should be. It is only too easy to be facetious if you do not' xind being unjust; but I think your critic is too able to have Stood in need of such disdainful pleasantry. I am no painter, nor even a professed art critic ; but, as a lover of fictures, I found a good deal to admire at the Portland aller,v among much that 'was worthless. - No. 38, "A Storm gathering on Cader Idris," S. E. Percy, is surely an able picture; surely its deep colourir_g is no whit hea'ier than the atmosphere will be in summer time before a storm; nor its clouds a whit more solid than clouds will always be 'when big w-ith rain; they are full, No. 83, "The Ifornin" Rest in Ploughing-tirne," H. B. willis, 'would surely nct'be out of place on the line of the Roval Academy, with its red Sussex oxen true to the life, sea in the distance, sky above, and an exquisitely painted foreground, with meadow-sweet, vild weeds, and nowers on the unturned sod, as caeful -as any Pre-Rpa]t',ol free to sway wvith the send.rRaphaelite`s, only No. 3l, in spite of its namc, is, to my mind, a ine picture, not a "pictorial eccentricity;" tevapourrisesfrom the lake and crawvls along the hiDs most truthfully, I feel, under the hand of M]r. A. Gilbert. No. 335, " James Watt and the Steam engine," J. E. Lauder, R.S.A., is certainly not a pleasing though an able picture; it was hardly fair to single this out as the cdef.- tfwurre of the Exhibition. No. 492, " The Youth of St. John," W. IL Hay, is smrely a most successful picture, 'With good drawingand true poetry of feeling; lhardly even too warm in its bronzed flesh colour for that child of the vilderness, nor too blue .in its pool 'vith bulrushes. I will not dwell on any moro in detail, but !'r; Duffield's Fruit, br. Rossiter's Fluellen, mnd Mr. Marks's Shakspe=e -- T +tli^l- -nt. -tirlCal but geituine adhiui I iuu, &D., ration. FAIRPIAY. Hapstead, h1arch 1I. TIE UTh'IvtsrY Bo3.AT-ACE--WO wre requo%kd to state that hIr. ChittY, of Exeter Colloge, Oxfor&. ail not Mr. Rich, dischaded the duties Of urpire in tl aquatic conteA botN4fin tho UOiivenMtias of Ox3Qad 31u~a Claubridge.
LAW EPORT. VtDRT oF CHACERY, NO'sm-NI, A8 1- _ ROBBSSON V. WHXELWIUGnT U.-DQX-' t*Cfqf the LORD CHAXcELLOP. and the LORDS JTUSr13CB ol& APPrXA.) _ tinzs ap~peal trons a decree of the Mater of the Rolls, distn5g tne billvwithouteCost5, was argued in Bilary Term lst, and stood over for:3ndgmnent. r. B. Palmner and Mfr. Wicken were for the appellants; ]Lr. Eollett, Mr. Caii~ns, and Mffr. Ainphletfor the re: The LORD CiL'NcxnLoR said the question at issue arose ikidet two wills. By thefirst will, dated January, I83', tlle testator, Michael Hoyle, devised all his messuages, lands, tenements, and hereditaments, including a certain ilotinent under the enclosure of a common, unto three tinstees, upon truA as to part thereof to pay the rents and rofits- thereof to his niece, the plaintift, Anne Hoyle Etobinson, diing her life, for her owrn sole proper u;e and benefit, without powver of anticpation; and &: oru and after her decease the testator declared tlat his trustees should stand seised thereof upon trust for the children of the said Anne Boyle Roin.- son, as she should appoint. The testator died on the 25th of August, 1851, having survived his wife. John NThee1wright, the brother and heir-at-law of the said testator, Michael Hoyle. and father of the plaintiff, Anne -EoyIe Robinson, made his will on the 27th of October, 1354, and appointed the defendant Wheelwright and others ea:ecutors thereof, and, after devising certain estates as thterein mentioned, he proceeded as follows-" Whereas, my daughter, Anne Robinson, the wife of John Robinson, htving been amply providedforby mny late brother, Michael lEoyle, I give to her the sumn of l,300L., to be paid to her by nrty said executors only upon condition that she or hel -mid husband shall give up, and absolutely convey, or cALused to be conveyed, all his, her, or their estate and *zr:terest in the encroachments made by my said brother upon the common or waste lands in Rishworth, and devued by my said brother. Michael Hoyle, to Anne Robinrcn, unto my daughters Elizabeth and Sarah; and I hereby .pressly declare that' if the above condition is not, or .Cnnot he complied with within 12months after my decease, tlen that such sum of l,300I. shall not be paid to my said d;ughter Anne Robinson." Now, upon the death of Michael Boyle, the plaintiffrs.i Robinsonubecame absolutely entitld for life to the freehold allotment for her sole and separate use, without power of antcipation; and the question saised by the bill which was filed y Mrs. Robinson and her hr-sband was whether this Court could enable her to alienate her life interest, in spite of the clause against anticipation. It was admitted that the l,300O. legacy, Droposed to be subXttuted for the life interest, was of greater value thanthe life . nlerest, and therefore there was every inducement for the Ciaurtto carry into effect the exchange,provided it possessed tha power. The Master of the Rolls decided that it could nct be done, and he (the lord Chancellor), after a most eireful consideration of the case, was of opinion that that decision was right. The restraint against anticipation was 3ot, as had been argued, a mere creature of this Court, but a 1'etter imposed by the author of the gift. In the present iiinstance, if the first testator had been aware of the propositicn contained in his brother's will, he might, perhaps, have authorized the exchange; but that was not the question 'be'ore the Court. The sole point to be settled by the - Ccuit was, not what Michael Hoyle might have done, but wi at he had done. The legacy of 1,300w. was only given to' Mrs. Robinson upon the condition of her being able and: wiling to do something she had been forbidden to do, and wlich this Court had no power to enable her to do. The ap-ineal must be dismissed without costs. ',ord Justice Ks'IGGT BRUcE said the suit was an unjustifiable attempt to interfere with the will of Michael Hoyle. The bill had rightly been dismissed, and rightly dismissed W;7hout cos's. LT.qrd Justice TuRi2En said the question was the exact one deternined in "Roundel v. Currer" (2 Bro., C. C. 67)namely, anelection with a condition which the legatee was noe able to comply with. iippeal dismissed. - (Before thc LoRD CHAXcELLoR.) ITN RE LOWE'S PATEi;T.-JUDGi5ENT. lThis petition, to have the great seal attached to letters patent for an invention claimed by Lowe for an improvemEnt in the construction of screw propellers for propelling yen els, has been before the Court on several occasions recently. The application was opposed by a person named W che, on the ground that the invention was his own, and had been pirated by Lowe. _M [r. Soutbgate aypeared for Lowe, and Mr. iForster for he LoRD CRsr.cNmon now delivered judgment, and saic that Lowe was entitled to have the great seal attached to t he patent applied for by him in June last, unless it had beer satisfactorily made out by the affidavits that the inventicn was Wyche's. Lowe and Wyche had previously bee2 joint patentees of an invention in respect to screw - -propllers, and the improvement now sought to be patented hadbeen suggested by the accidental splitting of one of the blates of a model screw then in course of construction. Doth Lowe and Wyche wvere present at the time the acciden' occurred, and there was nothing to show that the idea did not strike them both at the same time. It appeared tkat neither of them took any ste s to reduce the idea into practice for a period of more than two years, a and therefore neither had now a right to prevent the ather from carrying out the supposed improvement. It 'was open to Wyche to take tes for recallng the patent by r3eans of a scirefacid, but there was not such a case before this Court as to warrant its refusing to affix the great seal to Lowe's patent. The application of Wyche would be xefu;ed, but, as there had been an attempt by Lowe to mis- lead as to the nature of the invention claimed by him, it wouId be refused without costs. THE HOLvDAYS. Thie LonD COIcA L-LOR said the Easter holydays would eornnence on Thursday next and terminate on Thursday, the3d of ApriL The Court would resume its sittiug on :Fiday, the 4th proximo. o (Before t)le LoPxs JusTiEs of Anrn.) *UTSOX V. STORDY. The facts of this case were very fully reported when it was decided by Vice-Chancellor Stuart. After some dis- cusson on the opening of the appeal, an order was arrived at, by which, after declaring that under the devise in the 'testator's wil, "to the heir-at-law, of my heir-at-law now in A merica," there was an intestacy as to the beneficial interes in the property in dispute, it was declared that the plaintif was entitled. This was expreassly mentioned to be without reference to the reasons adduced by the Vice-Chancellor for his decision. The Solicitor-General, Mr. Lee, and Mlr. Wickens ap peared for the Crown; Mr. Mains and 3Mr. Greene for the plaintiff; Mr. Bacon, Mr. Wigram, Mr. C. Ball, Mr. Ser- geant, and MIr. Currey for the other parties.
:ROLLS' COURT, Cn czY-iLAim. 3AaEC 18. ±uJJuVob{ V. SMUTH5ON. (Before tMc AlSTEBp of t7e RoLLs.) xna queshon in this cause arose under the will of Colonel Bill, late of the 60th Regiment. The testator by his will dated the lOth day of Februnary, 1814, gave fo his wife, Ann 3ill, the interest upon whatever money he might have in the TIhree per Cent. Consols, or any other stock he might have, during her natural life; and he directed that after his wife's decease one-half of the property belonging to him in the Three per Cent. ConsoLs should be disposed of as therein mentioned. The will then proceeded as follows- " The other half of my property in the Three per Cent. Consols shall, after ny wife's decease, become the property of my cotusin, Mrs. MorviLle, of Wakefield; or, m case of her decease, I do direct that it shall be equally dividid between her children living." The testator died in the month of August, .l19, leaving his widow surviving him. The testator's cousin, Mrs. Morvifle, died in his lifetime, leaving an only child, a daughter, who mnaried a Wr. B=, and died in the yearlS20, in the lifetime of the testator's 'widow. Burrell, after his wife'E death, having administered to her estate, mortgaged --hisiniterest underthe testator'swilto the plaintiff,and afterwards became bankaupt. The testator'swifehaving recen y died, the question arose who was entitled to that moiety of the Three per Cent. Consols which, after the death of the testator's wife, was directed to become the property of hrs. IMorville, or, in case of her decease, to be eqalydivided between her children living. ,W., R DOUnELL PAisxt and Mr. BnRoDnics, for the pintaf; contended that Mrs. Burrell, having survived the te,tator, took a vested interest in the fund. MIr. Bagshawe and Mr. Rinde Palmer were in the same intere3t. Mr. LLoYD and Mlr. E. F. BRISTowE, for the next of ldn of the testator, gontended that the gift to Mrs. Burrell was contingent on her surviving the testator's widow. That the words " equally divided" pointed to a class of persons to takt, and that such persons to take must be " living" at the death of the tenant for life. _Mr. Follett and Mr. Ware appeared for other parties. His Hoz;oupt held that the fact of Mrs. Morville having aced in the lifetime of the testator did not prevent her daugh er, Mrs. Burrell, taking a vested interest in the fund ix que3tion, and that the gift to Mrs. Burrell, as the child of Mrs. Morville, 'was not contingent on her surviving the -testatcr's'widow.
VICE1ANCEL1TomS' COuRTS. ARmT 1g- RJA?G'M V. THE GREAT WESTERN RAILWAY CO PN U¢Ore Viec-ChanUcUor Sir R. T. .KTV%D}VT.7V I LtwalL be remembered thatthe plaintiff in thiwcase, so long =go as the year 1837, filed a bill, the object of which Mas to eonvat conmplying with a contract which he had entered into w'th the efendants to execute a portion of their line, known as the Ruscombe brancb, on the ground of his having been imposed upon with regard to the nature of tha strata -hrongh which the works were to pass; and, the company having taken possession of some portion of the works upon vhich were quantities of plant, for a declaration that the agreement was thereby vitiated, and that advantage wvs taken of him; and that he was released from liability end penalties, and entitled to be paid on the usual terms. The case came before the late Sir Launcelot Shadwell in 1844, who made a decree in favour of the plaintiff, Who wzs. however, dissatisfied with some portions of it, and apyealkd to the House of Lords, who had eventually dis. mnssed the bill as to the above grounds for relief, but had generally directed accounts; and, as it was not in the pro. -vince ot that superior tribunal to work out such accounts, the cas canie back upon that judgment to this court, as representing the court of the late Vice-Chancellor Shadwell, so carrroutthe decree madefor theaccount. r thaily, Mr. Anderson, and Mh. T. Stevens appeared -for the several parties. The 'iCr-CILfANCELLORt sanctioned a declaration in ac cordance with the terms of the judgment of the House of Uords, and observed that it was quite competent for the Judre at charbers, ander the new practice, to order, if necesas-y, an inspection of the worlcs, as had taken place on the forrier occasion. (Bfjore Wcc-C-Owncellor Sir J. STUART.) P.AMELL V. =GSTO-f. This ase was resumned. The bil -was filed to crry into executicn the trusts of a voluntary settlemeiit. By 'nden,ture dated in November, 1844 (in which there was no power of revocition), and made between J. Hinjaton of the one part, anA the defendant W, F. Hingston -of the-other part,crtain --eal eftate to which J. Hingaton wA& legally and SuitabI; etitJed, Md aU his liousebold furnituxg agd effects, and otheronaIty, were conveyed and assigned by-, J. Bngston to W. F. Hingston upon trust for the benefit of .r Himgston for life, and after his death, upon trust (among other things), to pay 401. to the plaintiff for her separate use, and, subect thereto, upon trust for -the benefit of the defendant, w. F. HinwsIon. The settlor, J-. Hingaton, in the year 1852, ade has hwill, and thereby gave all his real nd personal estate to his nephews, the defendants P. O. Hingeton, and H. XHingston, -upon trusts, in which the plaintiff and the defendant W. F. Hiugston took no interest. J. Hingstondied in July, 14. Thiswas a bill by;the plaintiff, w;ho was the donee under the deed of 0vemnber, 1844, of the sum of 4Wg., against W. F. Hingston, P. Eingston, and H. Eingston, to caxry into effect the trusts of the deed of ~November, 1844. Er. Bacon and 3r. W. A. Collins appeared for, the Iplaintiff; Mr. Wallcer and Mr. Karsiake for W. F. HlingI tan, who supported the plaintiff's case; Mrz. Swanlston for Ithe plaintif's husband; and lr. Malns and Mr. Shapter I for the trustees and executors of J. ingston's wilL I The VICE-A CCELOI reserved his judgment.
I ADMIRALTY COURT. TUzSDAY. MA1zH 18. THE ZYMPH.-vAGES. (Befo2c Dr. LusumTow.) 1This 3B a smt promoted by the late master of the Nymph for the recovery of wages alleged to be due to him. A responsive allegation was now tendered on his behalf, the admnission ofwhich was opposed, but The learned JuDGE after reforming it, directed it to go to proof..
COUBTOPBANKBUPTCY, Ba4inghalU-treet, March 1S. IN RF, SIR ROBERT PRICE. BART. (Before .Ir. Commisoner EvA?q.1 mIs was a meeting under this baukruptcy for proof of debts, but, steps having been taken for superseding the bankruptcy, the result whereof will be known in the course of a fortnight, the proceedings were pro fomrd. (Before Mr. Cammisiioner HoLRoYD.) ni RE ELLIS. The bankrupt, Edward Ellis, had kept the London Coffeehouse, Ludgatc-hill. This was the adjourned exanmination meeting. The accounts have been published. The debts are 15,000l., assets about 7,OOOI. ~fr. MURRAY, for the assignees, expressed his satisfaction rith the accounts, and said there wras no objection to the The balikrupt accordingly passed. IN RE MARE. This was the examination meeting in the case of C. 3. Mare, the well-known shipbuilder, of BlackwalL The accounts are not yet filed, but since the last meeting the works in the yard at Blackwall have been energetically prosecuted iinder the direction of Mr. Lee, the official sasignee, and Mr. Johnson, the messenger of the court. The principal contracts are approaching completion. Four of the mortarboats are finished and delivered at Woolwich. The other 16 are in a forward state, and wi be completed in about three weeks from this date. The Alacrity and Vigilance despatch ships will be launched on Thursday next, at 2 o'clock. The remaining gun and despatch boats will be finished in the course of six weeks. The two large iron ships, of 1,900 tons each, in course of construction for the Genoese and Transatlantic Steampacket Company, are 'also in a very forward state, and one will be launched in a short time-very likely next week-the other in about a month's time. There is also an iron ship building foi the SouthWestern Railway Company, which will be ready for launchimg about the 5th of ApriL It was stated in the last notice of these contracts that a 'nortar was in course of constraction which would be capable of throwing a shell of the weight of 1I tons. The first trial proved a failure, but the mortar is now being constructed on a new principle, with rings, which is ex ted to obviate the diffliculty that was encountered. All e other works are proceeding favourably, and the whole are expected to be finis'hed in about two months. Soon after that the assi'nees will be able to declare a dividend. The llabilities hitherto proved amount to about 200,OW01 No accounts having been fled, the examination meeting was adjourned. In RE JOHN BENNETT. The bankrapt was an artists' brushmaker, of Hart-street, Bloomsbury.. Tis was the certificate meeting. MJr. aris appeared for the assignees. Mr. OrriDLEY, for the bankrupt, trusted a second-class certificate might be granted, apon a sum of 1501. beingpaid His HoNois concurred. Second-class certificate accordingI. (Before Mr. Commi.ieonerg PONELANQUE.) Di RE JOHN SOLOMON. The banklrupt was a rag merchant, of 96, Vine-street, Minories. This was an examination meeting. M1r. Bagley opposed, and Mr. Linklater supported. It appeared from the examination of the bankrupt that on the 18th of August last he received 1001. in cash (sovereigns) for his furniture, the purchasersbeing a Mr. Mfichael Grerson. Where Grerson got the money from he did not know. 'Upon a check for 1001., given by the bankrupt on that day for a 1001.-note, and which was received by him and turned into sovereigns by Grerson at the london and Westminster Bank- on the same day, being produced, the bankrupt and Grerson consented to give up the furniture. An adjoment was then ordered, to allow an opportunity for inquiry respecting other property.
IISOZVENT DEBTORS? COURT, March 18. I N RE R. 1X. TEMPERTrvY (Before .tr. Commrisner PmLps.1 'This insolvent was opposed by Mr. Sargood, on behalf of the detaining creditor, Mr. Leary; he was supported by Mfr. Dowse. The opposing creditor, an accountant, sued and obtained judgment apaist Ar. Cattley, a coal merchant, in whose service the insolvent's father and several members of his family had been. Upon an execution being. levied upon Cattley's premLses a claim was set up-first, by tile insolvent's brother, and soon after by the insolvent himself, that the horses and other property had been soId to them bv Cattley. An interpleader issue was tried, and a verdicb returned for Mr. Leary, whose costs amounted to 1101., of which 401. had been paid by the insolvent's brother, and the iusolvent was now in custody for the Wance. Mfr. Commissioner PnnLrrs held that 3Mr. Leary's costs constitated a debt which had been fraudulently contracted, and upon that ground ordered the insolvEansdicbargeto be delayed until the expiration of six calendar months from the date of the vesting order. I1 RE EDWARD WATTS. This insolvent, an attorney, at Hlythe, in Kent, holding several local appointments, applied to be admitted to baAi until his hearing. His debts amount to 90,3991., and his assets, chiefly debts due to him, to 27,5771. After a few questions from an attorney who appeared for the detainng creditor, the sureties were accepted and the insolvent was discharged.
SPRING ASSIZES. OXFORD CTRCJTWR STAFFORD, MARcH 18. UIVIL UOURT.-(Before Mr. J.ustice CRESSWE1 and a Co7nnon-TJury.) THE GUMtDIAS OF THE WOLVEBRIUPTON UNON V. MARBION AND OTIERS. Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. 1'Mahon appeared for the plaintiffs, and Mr. Keating, Q.C., and M4. Gray for the defendants. The defendant, Benjamin Marrion, had been for several years collector of poor-rates for the Biiston township, in the Wolverhampton Znion. The other defendants were the representatives of a society at Birminghani called " The Times Guarantee Society," who had become sureties in a bond given by Marrion to the guardians of the Wolverham pton Union thathe should duly account totheguardians for ail moneys which should come into his hands, as collector, from the 13th of July, 1855, to the 13th of July, 1856. It appeared that the collector had become a defaulter to a considerable amount, and, in consequence, the present action was brought against hin and his sureties to xecover the sum of 4001., that being the extent of the security. Itappeared, onthe cross-examination of the collector, that a portion of the money represented to have been received by him in the month of October, 1855, had, i' fact, Ibeen received by him before the time covered by the bond. Mffr. KE7;: TJ?r intimated that, in order to establish the de.- fendants case, it woulld be necessary for bhim to cross-examcine upon every one of the items. M£r.Justice CnxSSwVEr said he had for along time'been. at a loss to know what was meant-in the Common Law Procedure Act (1854) by "a mere matter of account," but' his Lordship said he thought he had at last made the discovery. Upon this intimation, it was agreed that the cause and all matters of difference should be referred, which was done accordingly. (BeforeaSial Jury.) ROBERTS AND OTHERS V. HAENES. Mfr. Alexander, Q.C., Mr. WVhitmore, Q.C., and Mr. 'Phipson, appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Whately, Q.C., Mr. Keating, Q.C., ME. Selfe, Mr. Gray, and Mr Somerset, for the defendantG This was an action in which the plaintiffs, who'were the' owners of certain houses in Highfield-place, Westbromwich, sought to recover damages from the defendant for iury done to the houses by the improper working of the. defendant's mines, whereby the foundations were disturbed and the houses injured. The defendant pleaded thegeneral issue, that the plaintifi- were not entitled to the supports' of the foundations, and that the plahitiffs were not the re-~ versioners. It appeared from the opening statement. of counsel that this was an action arisiug out- of tlhe custom which extensively prevails in 'this county under which the property in the surface of the soil, -and the minerals' lying underneath,' belong to different persons, w-vose interests are thus found to be antagonistic. The~ plaintiffs were the devisees in 'trust under the will of the late Mr. Roberts, dated in 1852. The property was situate in HEighfield-place, Westbromwich. adjoining Crist Church, and facing the Old London 'and Haolyhead-road, and consisted of four villa residences, standing on three acres and ahalf of land, and formerlv producing a rent of. 2501. a, year. The land in question was' originally a part of the. heath, but in the year 1801 the -'land was enclosed.' The surface of the soil was thei allotted to various persons having rights 'of common,.and tlie'niierals to the lord of the' manor, a Ar. Jervis, from whom they subsequently passed' to the late Earl of Dartmouth,'who was now xepresented by the defendant, Thomas Haines, the manager-o4the Heath Colliery Company. It appeared thattwo pits bad been sunk in the neighbourh6od of the plaintiff houses ,' one of tbem, called the Victoria Pit, wa:s at a 'distance of 380 yards, and another, called 'te Lewisham' Pit,' in a opposite direction, at a distanee of 400 yards. ' Prom the two pits'the mines had been worked so as -to meet near7y: cethe pLaintiffiropflPeri, the, stratum of coall being what dthe -yaretratum and at a diance ofl3 yards below the surface. Above theco al, and at a -ditance of 150 yards below the surface, there is a stratam of red Eandstone. Thi practicein mining was to leave pillars of nine yards square for the support of the roof, and in some wases, where the coal was all got, to cut off the chamber blv means of dams of earth, ia order to shut out tfe foul air, which would otherwise accumulate. In some parts of- the mines there wefe what were called " faalts " where the stratum of coal would rise or fall as much a- 10 yards, This added to the insecurity of the roof, and rendered it more likely to gink and fall in. In rnninu nder Christ Church the defendant had left a support of 50t yards square, but he left none under the plaintiff's houses. 'Shay thus became cracked and otherwise injured; the walls were thrown out of the perpendicular, and the houses were renr dered so unsafe as to beaome quite untenantable, or were only to be let at about half the former rent. The support which had been left under Christ Church, it was said, had increased the damage to the plaintiff's houses. But for that the whole crust would have come down equally, but the support left under Christ Church, it was said, had caused the crast to sink in a sloping manner, and had thus increased the damage. Several witnesses were examined in support of the plaintiffs' case, and proved the injury done to the houses, estimeated at about 3,0001. In order to show the cause of these injuries, several hours were occupied by evidenoe given by surveyors, contractors, engineers, ground bailiffs, miners, geologists, butty colliers, toggies, and other people of underground look and occupation. On the conclusionof theplaintiffs' case, Mr. WHATLY referred to the Enclosure Act, which authorized the lord of the mianor to enter on the land and take the coaland other minerals, subjectto a prohibition of working either laterally or perpendicularly within 40 yards of anyhouse. He contended that, keeping at that distance, the lord of the manor had full liberty of taking the coal as he had done, and that, consequently, the plaintiff had no case. It was not pretended that the defendant had not followed the usual custom of mining. Mr. Justice CnxsswrELL said he would reserve the point, and give the learned counsel leave to move. The defendant and several other witnesses were then examined to show that the sinking and cracking of the plaintiffs houses did not arise from the defendant's workIagS, but from other causes, such as the draining of water from the bed of sand, which lies above the coal in the neigh. bourhood. The trial was still proceeding when we despatched our report. CPmNAL COURT.-(Before .r. Baron BRAMWELL.) James Wood, John Potts, James Baker, and Arthur IPotts, wvere charged with entering certain enclosed land at Arnitage, on the night of the 5th of December, 1855, armed with bludgeons, for the purpose of taking aud destroying game. Mr. Huddleston appeaxed for the prosecution; Mr. Scotland and M1r. Sawyer defended the prisoner Wood, the other prisoners having pleaded " Guilty." It was proved on the part of the prosecution that, about 12 o'clock on the night of the 5th of December last, the four prisoners were looking for game on the land at Armitage belonging to Mr. Spode. Ilis gamekeepers called for the assistance of those enmployed by the Marquis of Anglesey, and, after some ighting, the whole of the prisoners were apprehended. Eeveral enormous bludgeons .were produced in court, but none of the witnesses could prove that they had been used by the poachers. It appeared that the land was in the occupation of a tenant. - Mr.-SAwYEn, for the prisoner, subritted that the occnpier of the land was priindfacie the person entitled to take the game, and it ought to be shown that the prisoners had not the occupier's permission to be there, and cited a decision to that effect by 3Mr. Baron Martin in the case of "Reg. v. Edge," at the Stafford spring assizes, 1855. Mr. Baron BRAU2nvELT,, after consulting Mr. Justice Cresswell, said he should reserve the point for the conside- - ration of the Court for Crown Cases- Reserved; but his lordship said he was inclined to think that, if a person was found upon another person's laud, it must be taken that he was there unlawfully, unless the contrary were proved. The Jury found the prisoner GuiUty.- - Mr. Baron BIUr,nvEr.L then sentenced the three otheprisoners to 18 months' imprisonment with hard labour, but postponedpassingsentence upon the prisoner Wood until thepointreserved should be decided. The prisoner was, however, ordered in the meantime to be demained in prison.
HOMMB CRCUIT. - XINGSTON, MRcin 18. -ta 'uuuuwsioa ror cme county oI Currey was opened on Monday, at Kingston-upon-Thames, and this morning both Courtaproceeded to business at 10 o'clock, Mr. Baron Alderson presiding on theecivil side, and Mr. Justice Coleridge in the Crowvn Court. The gaol calendar contains the namnes of 18prisonersfortrial at these assizes. On the civil side 62 causes are entered, 22 of which are to be tried by speoial uries. CROWNr SIDE.B-(efore Af-. JusticC CO}XRIDQE.) Sarah Fountain, 22, was indicted for the capital offence of feloniously setting fire to a dwelling-house, iher mother, Rebecca Fountain, being therein at the time. Mr. RoRiNsoxr, who conducted the prosecution, briefly opened the facts of the case. He said that the prisoner and her mother occupied a cottage in the neighbourhood of Egham, and the latter, at the time of the occurrence, was lying in bed ill, and almost in a helpless state. The evidence, he said, would go to show that the prisoner had set fire to a sort of shed which was used as a coal shed, and whiclh was attached to the dwelling; and, from the declarations made by the prisoner herself after the occurrence, he was afraid there could be no doubt that her object in setting fire to the premises was to destrov her mother, and but for the timely assistance that arrivedf in all probability some serious calamity would have taken place. John Mingay, a police-constable, was then examined, and he said,-I know the cottage where the prisoner and her mother lived at Egham. On the 13ch of February, in conseqcence of information I received, I took the prisoner into custody, and told her that she was charged witlh having set fire to her mother's cottage. - She atlfrst said that it bad occurred accidentally, in consequence of a spark flying from her candle. Almost immediately afterwards she said, "I did set fire to it. I intended to burn it down, and burn my mother out. She has never been a good mother to me." The prisoner then said she hopedthe magistrates would forgive her, and she would never do such a thing again, and she added that when she did it she was " in a temper," but she would never get in a temper again if the magistrates would forgive her. In answer to a question put by the learned JUDGE. the witness said that he went to the shed afterwards, and ascertained that no part of the building had been burnt. It appeared as though a number of pieces of wood anrd other thingshad. been pLaced on the floor, and then set fire to, bat the fire wias er.tinguished before any part of the buiiding became ignited. Bdward Stevens, a labour-ing man, who lived in a cottage adjoining the oneoccupied by the prisoner and her mother, proved that upon hearing the alarm of fire he ran out and saw flames in the shed. The door was locked, but he. broke it open and saw that the coals had been ignited and were burning. The fire seemed to have orig>inated from hat box, a rush basket, and some shavings that were placed on a heap and were all on fire. The mother of the prisoner was in bed in an adjoining room, that was only di-ided from the shed by a partition. 'he prisoner, -when called upon for her defence, put in a -witten statement, in which she implored the Court to deal mercifullywit'h her, at the same tune declaring that the fire was acc.identaL. Mr. Justice COLERruGE, in summing up, told the jury that the offence imputed to the prisoner was a most serious one, involving capital punishment but it appeared to him that this portion of the charge must be dimissed from their consideration, because there was no proof that any portion of the building was actually on fire, and this was essentially necessary to support the charge contained in the indictment. As the law formerly stood, the jury would be bound, under these circumstances, toacquit the prisoneraltogether; but, by a recent statute, where a prisoner was charged with the commission of any particular offence, if the evidence failed to establish the actual commission of the act, they were empowered to find him guilty of the attempt to commit it if the evidenoe made out to their satisfaction that he had such intention. The jury found the prisoner Guzily of the misdemeanour ofattempting to set fire tothe house in question. The learned JDGE made some inquiries of the female turnkey of the prison, and it appeared that since she had been in confinement the prisoner had acted frequently in a very strange manner, and upon the slightest provocation would become very excited and inclined to be spiteful to' those about her. It also appeared that upon one occasion she had attempted to strangle herself, and she -was never left without some one to watch her. The learned JUDGE then addressed the prisoner, 'and iaid she had been acquitted by the jury of a very heavy crimethat of setting fire to a dwelling-house in which her mother was, by which act she might have taken away her life. The jury had acquitted her, not because they thought she had not attemnpted to commit the act, but because she had failed, and they had very properly found her guilty of the attempt to commit the crine imputed to her. There was reason to believe that she -was suffering from some infirmity of mind, and he should direct that while she was undergoing the sentence he was about to pronounce upon her she should be watched, and, if it should be considered necessary, she would be removed to an asylum. He then ordered her to be imprisoned and kept to hard labour for 12 months. No cases of any interest were tried on the civil side. -' It has been arranged that the Courts wiU adjonrn on Thursday evening to Monday, at 1 o'clock, and the special jury causes will then be taken.
WESTERN CMC=IT. =XETER. MAitcH 17. * The commission was opened here on Saturday. The judges attended divine service at the cathedral yesterday, and this morning the business of the assizes co-menced. Mr. Ssrjeant Channell presided in the Crown Court, and Mir. Justice Crowder sat at Nit! Prius'. There are only 27 prisoners for trial, but there siTe not any very serioucrimes. The cause list contains a list of nine cases, two of which are to be tried by special juries. Mr. Serjeant CHANNL.L, in bharging the grand jury, stated that Mr. BaronPlatt and Mr. Jusice Crowder were the judges appointed to hold Her Majesty's comrnission. He regretted Mr. Paron Platt had been prevented'by illness from attending to his duties, but he had great satisfaction in stating that he had intelligence from mnembers of. his family that his health was now intproving; and that at no distant time he would be in a condition to resume -his duties; in the meantimn6, he (Mv. Serjeant (hannell)had the honour to fill his place, and in doing- so he should address but few observations to the grand Jury. The calendar did not contain a great number. of offences, and those not of,a serious character. . The small niumuber might be attributable to'Lthe assizeheldunder a specal commission in November .last. Soine of the inDst serious offences in the calendar-one of felonious killing and slaying, indanotherof concealinigbirth-were6onrnuittedprc viously to the winter ssize, hut the prisonerg wrere not then. 'ineusc, so. that SinlCe that period there had been no serious pfifence3 eomitted within the county. This was a rebjec,t of gzeat eongrtiation, not only-as showing 'that crime h~d desrbWised, but was a satifactory proof that aU ho*were ' .concerned and intrusted with the administration of jstice in the county had been viligant inr the exercise of their. duties. He thought it ailso a subject of great congratulation and importance that the more frequent holding of assizes led to the more speedy rease of the innocent and the punishment of the gMilty. There were some cases which might have been disposed of by the Justices in petty sessions under the late act of Par- iament, but they were of very recent occurrence, and from other circumstances it was advisable to try them here. As there were several gentlemen of the grand jury who were members of the bar and lawyers, he did-not think it necessary to give them any instractions. He would only, in conclusion, refer to the subject of reformatory schools. He was happy to say they were not confined to one clam or locality,but that they were promoted by aU classes throughout the land. He would impress upon them the necessity of rendering all the assistance in their power to' these establishmenth, and not allowingthecuselves to be discouraed by any disappointment or ill-success at first, fee.ng assured tt if they di not their successors would see the uinroved moral condition of the people which they had produced. pISa nRIUS Cowas.a Befor; tef. .ndtiwsc CRO Rneh. MOORIB V. 3rSOORE, nr. Smith and 3r. Ring were counsel for the plaintiffand Mr. Collier for the defendant. This was an action brought by the plaintiff to recover co,m,pensation in damages for the seduction of his daughter. Th*e plaintiff was a farmer;* thedefendantwcshisnephew, and a married man. The daughter was the eldest of; eight, and was about 16 years of age. The defendint had beenmi the habit of playing with the girl and kissing her, and taking lberties with her. Accoiding to her aecount the first intercourse took place in afield, without her consent, and, as she alleged, against her wilL It seemed from the evidence adduced that the defendanthadbeen in the habit of romping with Agnes Moore-whom he had seduced-and with other girls. Mr. Conrm said, the whole of the plaintiff's case had been "money." The family were aware of the romping, and stll allowed the defendant to continue his visits. There did not appear to have been much seductive art used, as it was only natural to suppose what would. be the result of all this romp n. The learned JuDGE said, it was 'only a question of dantages. The jury found a verdict for the plaintiff-Damages 100Z.
MDLAND CIRCUIT. - I _ M~. -DERBY, hlfucHi 18. -uru -AIn1puela ana vne ;lief Ilaron arrived here yesterday afternoon, and the commission was at once opened. The calendar contains the names of 49 prisoners, mUost of. whom are charged with common larcenies only. Among time more serious cases are-I of manslaughter, 2 of stalbbing, 1 of assault with intent, &c., 2 of burglary, 1 of arson, 1 of attempting to damage machinery, 1 of breaking into a c'urch sand stealing therefrom, and 1 chaxge of maliciously ruaiming a pig. The cause list contains an entry of nine causes, four of which are marked for special junres. Both courts opened at 10 o'clock this morning, Lord Campbell presiding on the Civil Side, and the Chief Baron in the Crown Court. Several cases have been settled, and the Court has been occupied during the greater part of the day with the trial of an action of ejectment, in which the validity of a will was in question.
NORFOLEK cTRmrrF BUNTINGDON. ncH I18. NISI P.irus COURT.-(Beforc Mr. Justice WIGnT3rs~ and a Commoun Jtury.) M =E V. JACOB. Mr. O'Malley, Mr. Tozer, and Mr. Burcham, appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. Serjeint Wells and Mr. Worledgo for the defendant. This action and the next, " Maile v. Parsons," arose,the one out of an alleged illegal distress of two cows, the other out of an excessive distress of some hay. The only feature in either was the declarationin the latter, which, under the fostering hand of the pleader, had grown to the monstrous dinensions of 18 counts, and which the learned judge stigmatized as " a perfect abuse of special pleading, and, such was the complication, that he had felt considerable diTflulty how to disentangle the real points for the consideration of the jury." In the first action the counsel for the plaintiffiwithdrew from the case; and in the second the jury found a verdict for the defendant. CROWN COURT.-|BeforC Chief Justicc JzRevs.) George Squire was indicted for stealing gas, the property of the St. Neot's Gas and Coke Company. Mr. O'Malley, lr. Serjeant Wells, and Mr. Burchan appeared for the prosecution;--Mr. Serjeant Byles and Mr. Prendergast, Q.C., defended the prisoner. The -prisoner is a merchant and miller at St. Nreot's, and had some time ago taken an active part in the formation of the company which nowprosecuted him. For the purpose of carrying on his business he occupied largo premises, which were supplied from the prosecutors' works with gas, which ought to have passed through two of their meters. A considerable part of it, there was no doubt, did. so pass, but it was also proved that no less than six lights were fed from a pipe inserted into the gas company's service pipe before it reached either of the meters, and that a seventh pipe was supplied in a similar manner. Two years ago the principal gasfitterin the town was employed by the prisoner to lay the pipe which supplied the six lights, and he while so engaged complained that there was a great escape of gas at the junction, which could not be stopped; and on that occasion the ground was opened up and the pipes publicly exposed to view for many days. Last month the prisoner sent for the company's own foreman to change the meters, which, it appeared, did not act well, and it was while this change wias going on that the foreeman discovered that the gas had been abstracted. On being told of this discovery the prisoner remarked that " he was very glad itwas found out, as he might have been robbing the company unknowingly for a long time." Mr. Serjeant BmEgs addressed the jury, and argued that the whole circumstances and conduct of the prisoner proved that the placing of the pipe where it was was nothing morc than an error; and afterlhaving called witnesses, who gave the prisoner the highest character The jury returned a verdict of Ntot Gui1y.
NORTHERN CIRCUIT. YORKM MARcR 17. The Crown Court was occupied all day with the trial of a street row, ending in a brutal assault by two Irishmen, and with the trial of a garotte robbery, both of the ordinary description of such cases. NIS PRiuS Couxr.-(Beforc Mr. Baron. MIATTn.) After the disposal of a partly-heard case this morning, several causes were settled, withdrawn, and referred. A seduction case and an action for breach of promise of rnarrliage, both expected on to-day, were settled. The rest of the day was occupied with the trial of the special jury caua2 Of SHAW V. WRIGHT AND ANOTHR. This was an action to recover the salary of a clerk dismissed without notice, whichthe defendantsjustified. Mr. Atherton, Q.C., and Mr. Hall appeared for the plain. tiff, and lr. Serjeant Wilkins and Mr. Bnylis for the defendants. The plaintiff, it a,peared, was related by marria6e to the defendants, the -esars. Wright, who are merchants at lull. The plaintiff became a surveyor, and settled at Huddersfield; but, his profession not being very lucrative, he was offered a clerkship in the defendants' office, commencing at 1001. a-year, andwith a promise of increasg his salary yearly if he suited, and a vague expectation was also shadowed forth of a possible future admission into the firm. After being some time with the defendants he did not suit them, and they procured him the -offer of another situation, to manage abrewery, at 3001. a-year salary. On hearing this the plaintiff became very indignant, said he was as good as his masters, and appeared to look upon his being treated as a partfier as a hInd of right. The defendants said this conduct in their clerk could not be endured; it set a bad exaniple to their other lerks, and they dismissed him from their service, as they contended they were justiiied in doing. The plaintiff then brought the present action. Thirretired, and remained lockedup when our de-
POLICE. Ml&NSION-rOoUSE.-An application was maade to Sir Robert W. CARDET on the 5th inst., the particular circumstances connected with which are calculated to excite strong public sympathy, and will probably conimand the attention of those whose interposition may be effective in checking the shocking evil which it exposed. A man of espectable appearance named Thomas Evans, who resides at ohn-street, Parker's-row, Bermondsey, said,. he had received information that morning that his daughter, who was about 16 years of age, had been inveigled on board a steainvessel which had started a few hours before for HIamburg, and that,-aking into consideration the character of those with whaom the unfortunate girl had been seen, no doubt could be entertained that she would fall a victim to the confederacy of procuresses 'who traffic between the seaport towns of Englaind and the. continent if the most speedy interference were not resorted to. Sir R. W. CAmDEN expressed the utmost readiness to render all the assistance vwhich a London magistrate could give in sach a case, and iTnmediately sent for two officers of skill and eperience, to whom he gave instructions to telegraph to Ta2burg, in order that the vessel in which the gil wvas stated to have sailed might. on its arrival, be, searc'hed and the girl be protected. The statement of the father was to the following effect:Ris daughter Susannab, accompanied by a female acquaintance, was the day before, as they were going to their work, met at the corner of Fenchurch-street by a elgian Jewess, who appeared to be known to the latter, and who, in a very friendly manner, asked them to go with her to see two oi' three young girls like themselves, who resided in Lambertstreet, Leman-atreet, Goodmnsn's-aelds. They consente4, and accompanied their inviter in a cab to a house situate as described, where they were introduced to two young women. in a room on the second fdoor. The appearance of the place. and of the women was not satisfactory to Susannsh Evans; who expressed mach anmiety to get away, but was prevailed upon by the Belgian Jewess to stay to dinner, .hilethe new acquaintances informed her that they were going next day' toh amburg to get in t splendid situations, .in which they wrould be enabled to live in style, wear gold watohes and other jewelry, and supply their parents with the luxries as well as the necessaries of life. Thse suore desirous. she was to go home the more they pressed her to stay, and.at last she was prevailed upon to go to bed after having 7n vain attempted to leave the house. In the morning, at an early hour, there was a buast1 in the house, and off she -was hur, ried in a cab with the two girls to whom she had been newly introducedi and deposited, on board'a steamer which lay near St..Cdtherine's-wharf. These circumst6nces the anppcant. isaidthe 3iadbeeniinformed of bytle younggirl vithwhEombis daugliter had been walling when she was aoosted bythe Belgian.Jewees, and who had contrived to' escape fromnthe house in which his daughter had heen detained. Smith (572), sand: lkonger the detective offlcer, werN the muen directed by Sir E. W. Carden to iiake arag ments to meet the cxigencies of the case, Und4.X bring back the girl to her parents under any circmst,,en - 'aab the former, uponw -xepreaenting -the particulars-of I the trinsaction at the office of the Steam .NvigationCDm- pany, to which the vesuel in which the girl had sailed belonged, was most readily oflered a page and supplied with all the information they posseesed as to the apparently sanctioned practices of the HanihurS procuresses. Upon arriving at Hamburg Smuth found that. the girl 'was detained by thie authoritie in consequence of the teLegraphic message,: but he found alo that the Belgian procuress was determined to niake every effort to secure her prey no ithst7nding thc interposition of .e police, and }lat she had actually assured the officials that the young woaan had accompanied her from England under a re-glar engagement to receive the visits of gentlemen. In order, also, to inerease the exertions of the poHee, with 'whom she appeared to be 'on verv good terms, she chrged the poor girl with havmg robbed her parents of 51., and referred to a letter found in her pocket, but not at all liable to any construction of the kdnd as evidence of her dishonesty. -When Smith endeavoured to convice the Hamburg police that such a charge -was a wicked misrepresentation, he found them very incredulous, but he snuceeded perfectly in the object of his mission, and Isaely placed the girl on board the steamer, which was about toreturn. The young woman, who was bythistimelyinterpositionofthe Londonnmagistrate saved from destruction, complained much of the attempts of a person who, she was told, was the doctor appointed to examine all the fresh female arrivals under engagements to the base wretch by whom she had been forced on board; and Smith soon learned that there were several new importations, and that the system, atrocious as it was, most extensively prevailed. He determined to bring back to Sir 11R. W. Carden all the information he could collect, and, certainly, the description he gave of the condition of several poor Englsh girls, who were detained by the procuresses and panders on the pretexii of debt, who are anxious to return to their parents, was calculated, as the Alderman said, to fill any one'sheart with compassionate anguish. He accordingly waited upon Colonel HEodges, the British Consul, and stated tbe circumstances under which he had visited Hamburg, and the particulars of 'which he had been an eyewitness there, and soon learnt that the consul wa perfectly aware that the atrocious traffic had been carried on for some time, and constantly lamented the deplorable condition of the poor girls who were iikduced to leave their homes to be plunged into such abomination. He represented thatthe authorities in London, by whom he had been sent to inquire into the facts, and to snatch one ictim, at anyrate, from the contmination which had awaited. so many, were anxiiously e,4pecting the interpositon of. the English Consul; and Colonel Hodges replied that nothing would give him higher gratification than the powver of checking so monstrous an evil, bnt that the immediate interference of Lord Clarendonwould, in his o0inion be necessary before much good could be effected in the way of counteraction, and that it would be advisable to present a memorial to that Minister for an inquiryinto the case. The Vice-Consul added his testimony to 'that of his superioi, and mentioned several heart-endng cases, presenting new pictures of the horrors of the prostitution thus apparently sanctioned. The two officers waited upon Sir P4 W. Cardento make their report, and were accompanied by Susannah Evans, and 'her father and mother, Who in tears expressed their gratitude to the Alderman for the service which had been done for them, and, the'y hoped, for the com- maunity. The young woman detailed, but in an almost; unintelligible manner, the scenes she had witnessed. The Belgian Jewess had, she stated, been gernerally accom- ed by tv,'o ill-lookng men, whom she had seen in Lambert-streetonthe daywhich shespent in the house there,and whohad sailed to Hamburg il the vessel with her, and constantly watched her steps. Sir R. W. CARDBu said, the officers had done their duty with the skill and propriety which he expected to see exercised by them upon all occasions. He rejoiced that the ao plication had been made to bin, ankd congratulated the father and mother of the girl who had so narrowvly escaped upon the complete success which had attended the 'exertions nde to prevent a most serious calamity. IHe had no doubt at all that measures would speedily be taken to put an end, at all events to give an important check to, a traffic the most cruer and revolting that could be imagined. GunD-AL.-Henry Sheen, Mary An Deap, andElira*bothSiyaswere charged with being concerned with twromen. named Flynn and Geary (who were awaiting6 their trial for that offence), with breakhng the windowe of Mr alter's sheQ in Aldersgate-treet, on the 27th of February last, and steaNing therefrom gold and silver watches and jewielry to the amount of about lO01 . The evidence against the prisoners merely went to show that they were in the vicinity of Mr. Walter's shop at the time of the robbery. Alderman SiiDrm said that there was nothing to criminate the prisoners, and they were therefore discharged. Bow-sTRmr.-A Post-office letter carrier, namedJames Williamson, was charged with stealing a money-letter. The prisoner had been detected in the usual nanner, by means of a test letter containing marked money and postage stam.ps, which he should in' due corXe have delivered. Having abetracted the letter, bte spent the money in drink, and was apprehended the same night in a state of intoxicalion. The marked stamps were found upon him. He 'was committed for tra. A labourer named John Burn, who for 20 years past has worked at the British Museum, for Meusrs. Baker and Son, contractors, was charged, on remand, vith attempting to steal a portion of the bell of the old M-useum clock. It seems that the belL 'which was kept in the storeroom, was perfectly whole and sound up to the 5th inst., when it was found to have been broken. A watch was constantly kept by Sergeant Williamson, of the detective force, until Monday the 10th inst. At about 5 o'clock in the afternoon of that day, the sergeant, being in an adjoining room, heard the sound of a heavy blow on the bell, and on hurrying to the spot, caught the prisoner, who was trying to escape by the window. He was very drunk. The lower portion of the-beli had beiraigain-broken, and aheandedpe ha;Tnmej lay beside it. It, wa represented by M1r. Lewis, for the defence, that this was an act of drunken 'wantonness on the part of the prisoner, vho had not intended to caTry away the fragments of the bell. Mr. Lewis suggested that, had that been his purpose, he would hardly have used so noisy a weapon as a sledge-hammer, nor would he have proceeded to get out of the window without his booty. He (Mr. Levis) trusted the magistratewould treat the case as one of wilful damage, and not destroy the good character the prisoner had maintained 20 years by committing him for attempted felony. Mr. HENSRy, believing that;a 3ury would probably tal-i tha view of the case suggisted by Mr. Lewis, convicted the prisoner under the Wilful Damage Act, and infficted ai penalty of 5!., or, in default, one month's imprisonment. On hearing the sentence the prisoner, who had not previously spoken a word, exlaimed, with an oath, that he did not break the bell. He was then removed. MAuRYLONE.-Yesterday Xi. LONG received from the Dowage r Lady Willoughby de Broke a 10i. bank-note for forthe poorbox of the court. An acknowledgment was requested through the medium of the press. WESTMUvsTER.-George Edmonson, Thomas Ventum, and ,Joha Abbott were chargped with burglariously breaking and entering the dwelling-house of Mr. West, 16, anor-street, Chelsea, and, stealing therein a quantity of wearing apparel and otherproperty, valued between 40!. The prisoners were remanded till Saturday. A young man and woman, respectably attired, who described themselves as man and wife, entreated the magistrates advice in the following matter - They stated that the young woman's mother, who had been maintained by them for the last few months, died on Sunday morning, 'when, as her two sons 'were persons in very affluent circumstances, application was made to them to bury the deceased, but, unfortunately without effect; and as the applicants were to poor to incur the expense, they wished to knowwhat course they were to pursue? Mr. moLD intimated that the ordinary mode under such circumstances was to apply to the parish authorities. The male applicant observed that the deceased lady was the cousin of a viscountess, and the whole of her connexions were of the highest respectability. He thought it was not, right that the deceased should be buried by the parish while she had sons possessing such wealth, and he wished to I inquire whether they could not be compelled by lawto decently inter the remains of their deceased parent? Mr. Anssow, observed that he was reluctant to givej opinions relating to matters oyer which he had no jurisdiction, but he was not aware of the existence of any such law. 10. has been received from the Dowager Lady Willoughby de Broke, and 5s. from " C. M. 3!L," for the poorbox, to be acknowledged in T7w Timr. WOiiSMP-SThEIm- TWUt'uns Cuwopur, a puweurdl yutuig man, was charged with the following outrage. The prisoner is a timber dealer at' Lower Homerton, and is of so violent and uncontrollable a, temper that he has beea repeatedly in custody at this court for scandalous attacks upon his own father, and as repeatedly punished for mnch offences. These, however, did, not at all render him the more peaceable, 'and his father and he still never met but a fresh quarrel ensued between them. The prisoner's last imprisonmnent for these attacks only expired very recently, and the iirst meeting between him and his father after it occurred on )ionday afternoon at thehouse of a licensedvictualler named Smith,atHomerton,when, upon seeing the prisoner and another man enter the house together, the father left, apparently to escape violence, and Was as immediately followed bytheprisoner. The atter seeminglymisedhis father after leaving the house, for he returned almost directly in an ungovernable rage, and, Eeizing the pewter water-jug, dashed it repeatedly upon the g:roun . Mr. Smith begged him to desistfromwilfully destroying his property, as he had done nothing to offend him; 'upon 'which" -said the witness, " he immediately graspd me by the neck-cloth with -one hand dragged me down over the counter, and with the dis- eigaged handstrck me repeated violent blows about the head. I badbeen-very ill before, buLt contrived with great difficuty to release mysef from his grasp, and entreated him to go away, but he refused, and, as I could not put him out, I wwobligea to let him-alone, ana went behind myrbar again, but had scarcely got there when he exlaimed, 'I ll do Ifor you, yoou-,' and, seizing a thick heavy stick, instantly dtealt me such a fearful blow under the right ear that I fell over my desk perfectly senseless. On slightly recovering consciousness I found him trying togetbeind the bar to renew his attaQi upon me, srearing that he was determined to kll me, and, hd it not been for the kind interpoition of somemenuhoo eneredthe house and forcibly dragged him away, I.feel convinced he would have klled m e, Ihave been very.ill ever since, and suffer acute pains in the head, and am eonfidentmyife is in great danger if heis not restramied."1 Anne Bchelor, the barmaid, confirimed this statement in every particular, and Morell, the constable who took the 'prisoner, deposed that onx doing so the prisoner repeatedly expresed a vindictive feeling agst the prosecutor,}an -tEat if ever he got loose again he was determined "to do for him." In defence, the prisoner declared that he had not the slightest recollectior, of anything that-had taken plaee, hut, s a.ihe felt sre the evidence agaist him xust beh extr,gerated- Mr. D`Evxcourp cetly reollected the prisoner being I hrged with brtal and Inpr.ovoked assaults upon his father, and, as this was aye lad case, in wldch the inficuion of any penalty he had the power to impose would be rendered nugatoryby its immediate payment, he should-abs. uta from such a coue and send him at once before-. prisoner now gata]am beged both the ptoee' cuto and misate refue toesfll detrmination,tellngd him t hde-an,heepst, ons ht~ one davinduc. prisoner was fuilyen commtte forn trial,h LA8mrL-JamIes. Green, allae 4uircr, and chatle Hemy Green, alias Quick, the forner 15 and the latter 13 ears of age, and both of them well-dressed and genteel., fooldig boys, w-ere brought up on three distinct and clarcbarges of stealing from dwelling-houees. Each charge exhibited a tact and adroitness on the part of the prisoners, which, in persons soung was perfectly Astonishing; but, unfortunately, they have dmuch prac. tice. and have been thieves almost from their cradle. From a list furnished by Sergeant Quinnear, it appeared that as far back as J uy, 1850, the elder prisoner, James Quick, had been in u4tody as asusnected person, hut, on ac. count of his age and the apparent respectability of his parents, hewasdishargedand deliveredip tothem. InSep. tember of the same yearhe wasgairarraignedon a-similar charge, and was again discharged with a severe caution. I. May, 1851, he was again in custody on a charge of felony, ix stabng money, and was then sentenced to three monthI imprisonment with hard labour. In June, 1852, and in Septemberofthe sameyear, hewas in custodyas a suspected thief; but, though the evidence against him s of most suspicious character, he was allowed the benefit-of the doubt and discharged on both occasions. In January, 154, the prisoner James, with his Eister 3fartha, ith a girl of about 12 years of age, were tried at the Surrey &Lsionsona charge of housebreaking, whenboth were convicted} and sentenced, the boy to six and the girl to one month's inprisonment at Wandsworth House of Correction. In May, 185{, the girl Martha was again tried at the Surrey Sessions on two distinct charges of felony, and having beet c avicted of each,was sentenced to four months' hard-lbui, ather old quarters atWandsworth In September, 1854, th.presentprisoner, Charles Henry Quick, made his farst appearanceatthis court, having beenr bronghthere in custyas a suspected person, butwasgiven up tohisfrather. In Octobeir M84, James Quick was again tried at the Surrey Sessions oob a charge of housebreaking, and having been convicted of th-e ofience, was -sentenced to 12 monthse hard labour. In De-- cember, 185, Martha Quick and Charles Henry, one of the present prisoners, -were tried at i-he Smrrey Sessions on a charge of stealing a uantty of tools, when the former was aentenced to six, anai the latter to one months imprisonment. In November last the prisoners were charged at this court on a charge of being found in enclosed premises, and on that occasion the elder prisoner gave his name as Walter Scott, and both were sentenced to three months? imprison. ment at Wandsworth House of Correction ;.so that they could not have been many days out of pLon before thwy recommenced their former practices. then taken- into custody there was found on each a well-executed tographc likeness of themselves, and, in addition, there was found on the prisoner James some cotton wadding, saturated with rouge; and it was quite clear froxn the testimony of some of the witnesses of his being of a different complexion when they taw him come out of the houses that had been robbed. He was in the habit, whenL about to commit offences, of putting on the rougepretty thicldy. Some idea may be fortmed of the manner ini -which the prisoners conducted themselves while before the magistrates -from the Tact of their being most abusive to the witnesses, particularly the youngest, who more than once or twice expressed. his determination to have justice done him, and that if the witnesses didnot think pro:er to admit to him certain things favourable to his case, they mnst do so to his counsel on his trial. Mir. 1ToRToX, addressing Sergeant Quinnear, said, he was glad to find him recovering from his late ind tiou, when the elder prisoner observed th-t this might be his worship's feeling, but for his part he was sorry for Quinnears recovery, or the recovery of any person who was so troublesome to him as§he was. The prisoners were fully committad for trial atthe Surrey Sessions at Kingston.
E mRF oF A RFFoRTOrY FOr Wor.cEsTERsBE.-In the columnn of Thc Tincs have already been reported the steps taken by the magistrates of the county of Worcester for establishing a refonnatory-for juvenile offenders.. A committee w.saippointed, and it was proposed to convert some cottages belongmg to hIr. Caetles, amagistrate, into an establishment of this kind, but all these proceedings have -now been superseded by an offer which has been made by lord Ward to found a reformatory at his own eost. A place has been provided by hi3 Lordship to build an establiabmenet for the reception of 40 juvenile offenders, which it is calculated will be amuly sufficient to meet the requirements of the county. The Eite of the proosed reformatory is a short distance from .the foot of Woodbury-hill-a prominent eminence, one- of-the features of the WVorcestershire landscape, an:d at a con. venient distance from Lord Ward's noble mansion, Witley:court, formerly the residence of the late Queea Adelaide. Certain buildings known as the feolme. house farm have been appro priated for the pupose, and these, with slight repairs and alterations -winl be ready for occupAtion, it is expected, at the end of six weeks. Inded, in anticipation of this r. Justico CresswelD, at the Worcebter assies last week, sentenced a young offender to confnement there, at the expiration of a term of two months' imprisonment. The rector of the parish of Shelsley, in which the reformatory is situate, undertakes the management and superintendenoe of the establishment. The end and object desired in a reformutory school are to be trictly borneia mind. -The imodel fForded by the mose. succeulexperimentsill boe adherecl to, and no handle afforded to the objeetioa that the youn crinina is hereby taught by indulgenee and undue relard that a- miui ih put npon cr-one.
AMERICA. [A summary of the fo3ovwing received by lectric Tele;raph, appeared in our Second Edition of yesterday >- I LlVERPOOIs MARCH 18. By the anrival of the BAitish and North American Royal mail Steamship Asia, Captain Lott, -we have advices from New York to the -5th of March. She brought 559,747 dollars specie on freight. There is no intelligence of the missing steamer Pacific. The Arago, from Southampton, had arrived at N ew York oi the 1st, and the Baltic, hence, on the 4th inst. - The screw steamer Canadian was to leave New York for Liverpool a few hours after the Asia. In the Senate, on the 29th uit., after the diplomatic correspondence relative to the offer to submit to arbitration the interoretation of the terms of the Clayton-Bulwer Treaty, made by Great Britain to the United States' Government, had been read, the follo5sIl debate ensued: "Mr. Ereward sai, this correspondence placed the subject of Central American affairs in a light somewbat diffbrent from that it occupied when the debate cornnenced. As the case stood when submitted by the President, the communications between the two Governrments consisted of argu. ments able and deliberate on both sides, maintaining their ective positions regarding the construction of the treaty, -the United States demanding the fulfilment of it, and Great Britain quite es positively, he might say somewvhat offensively, refusing compliance. Under these circumstances he thought it his duty to exreW. his opinions, and decided concurrence in the position this Government has assumed. It now appears that Great Britain is willing to arbitrate. He congratulated the Senate on the more pacific and pleasing prospect concerning this changing but still most important auestion. As to the enlistment case, the correspondence ihows the British Govemment may with lasbilityb , and perhaps conscientiously, say they had tendered what was egarded bzthemin the natlure Of an apology, which they may bave considered as broad and as full as consistent with ;the honour of that Government to make. The President and. Secretary of State may have thought the acknowledgment not suiliciently explicit, but itis equally certain Lord ;Clarendon thought he hai probably made all the apology ?which could be made by a lower jealous of her dignity and honour. The;oint of difference is the effect of the Ianguage used. It is enough to form the subject of discussion between the parties, and fact counsels against the assump. tion which woald be a violent one, that Great Britain has made an explanation vwhich ought not to be satisfactory. "eMr. Pearce did not concur with the Senator, and -was not willingu that Mr. Seward's opinions should go to the 'country as the deliberate vievr of the Senate. Such apology 'as We should claim from Great Britain had not been made. The disdosures in the correspondence, on our part, exhibit manlineas, spirit, and frankness, of which all should be mroud. He. was sorry no such spirit characterized Great .Bfitain. Not only bad no satisfactory apology been made, but the language used by the Britsh Secretary amounted to taunts, and was, therefore, offensive. :ord Ularendon says the UJnited Stateshave resorted to means to obtain evidence against Eer Majesty's servants or their agents, by ractices 'sometimes resorted to under despotic institutons -but which are disdained by all free and enlightened Governments.' He said he was not an advocate of war, and hoped we should maintain peace, but he should never .acdnowledge that the correspondence furmished any satisfactory a *logy for what was done by Great Britain. The Tower which invoked usto be neutral was the first to violate meutrality. " Mr. Stuart remarked, that notwithstanding the speech .of Lord Clarendon in the House of Lords, it turned out, by the correspondence submitted, that no proposition to arbitrate was ever submitted to Mr. Buchanan, nor anything in anydespatch from Lord Clarendon to Mr. Crampton . vhich came up to that po4int. It seemed that Lord Clarendon had. given the British people to understand that that ,Oovernment had. assumed a generous position by offering arbitration-whichwededed, and.whichwouldbe renewed. Inasmuch as Great Britin did not intend to live up to that treaty, he confessed a strong inclination in his mind to abrogate it. "M r. Seward said, he had expressed no opinion that the British explanations ought to be satisfactory. He intended to showr that Lord Clarendon had disavowed an intentional affront, and that it should not be a foregone conclusion that nothing in the nature of an apology had been made. " Mr. Mason said, a grave offence had been committed against this Government by GreatBritain. It would befound in some manner and to some extent, that Great Britain had lent herself to a violation of her obligations to this country under international relations, and violated our domestic laws, made for the protection of our own peace and nation. He understood Mfr. Sewardto saythatsomeapologyhadbeenmade by Great Britain for her offence. He (Mr.Mason) conceived an apology to be thus-between nations as between gentlemen. When a gentleman does wrong and desires to make reparation, he apologizesj admits the wrong frankly and ingennously without reservation, and, placing himself wh ere he would have stood if the wrong ha not been committed, he evinces an honourable purpose. He (Mr. Mson) submitted to the honour*ble Senator (Mr. Seward) whether such an *-'pology had been made? Onthe contrary, such explanation as had been offered added insult to the general injury. If ever a question occurred in our international relations . demandirn indemnity for the past and security for the future, it was here presented ; but he placed reliance on the good sense of the people of England and our own people, and when there was really no cause for war between honourable men nonewould arise. This hetook for granted, andthe ucople on both sides of the Atlantic would make up their minds on the same terms. Mr. Mason then moved * therinting of the British enlistment documents be z-:4 I'piro, -n;.A +1hn printiG 91CA of EhR---.n number of those received to-day, both to form one volume. --Agreed to." On the 3d inst. the Senate passecta bill authorizing the construction of 10 sloops of war, each vessel estimated to cost $540,000, including equipment and steam machinery. During the debate it was stated by a member that the bil was unanimously recommended by the Naval Committee, not founded on any existing alarm on the subject of war, butmerely for the protection of commerce. On the same day MLr. Cass made a personalVexplanation in relation to an article in the Washington i Ldelligencerof the 3d of MIarch, signed " J. W. W.," which he attributed to James WVaison Webb. It relates to a conversation between Mlr. Webb and Lord Clarendon, in which the latter stated he had no unfriendly feelings towards the United States. This statement was explanatory ofaremark made by ILordClarendon inthe House of Lords, thattheunder:standing between the English and French Governments -was perfect in relation to all parts of the world-which was inderstood as a menace to this ~iountry regarding Cuba. He asked, if Lord Clarendon's language had been misunderstood, why did he :aot explain it in his place in the Houise of Lords .astead 6f leaving it to be explained in a Private "etter, which few perhaps would see or hear of? The following is a copy of the article referred to by 31r. Cass "I was in London, and inthe House of Lords, when Lord Clarendon made his famous declaration in January, 1854, of the character of the alliance then recently entered into *sith France; and. I was also in London when the steamer from the United States arrived in March, bringing over 43eneral Cass's famous speech, in which he proclaimed that. the language of Lord Clarendon was the annunciation of : a alliance with France against the United States. On the evening of the day that the steamer's news reached :Mondon I met Lord Clarendon at a sohfve, when he inquired 7vhat news the steamer brought from America. I replied, ;but little, save General Cass's denunciation of him for liis recent ech in the Lords upon the universality of the alliance between England and France,' giving him in -detail General Cass's construction of his language. He Es reased himself greatly grieved at being misapprehended, _snd added, 'Surely you did not imagine that I intended to COnvey the idea that we had entered into any arranrement :ffecting the United Statese I answered, 'Certai0y not, because your daily language to me rendered it impossible for me to mistake your meaning. It is nevertheless true that t our language appears to justify the construction put upon it; by General ass; and. his speech will excite alarm and snvzietythroughout tfic co an d 1uitimutoly mankc our j)eople dread the success of the allies as the signal for their Interference with the UJnited States.' He assented to this siew of the subject, expressed the greatest regret at not laying explained himself more fully, assured me-that he alluded solely to the misunderstanding which had existed letween FRrance and. England in Sou'h tmericaand at 'ahiti in the Pacific, and inquired how it was possible to r smedy the error which had been committed. "I recommend,ed,an intervievr with rBuchanan. which vras adopted; and the interview accordingly took place on tie following day. A few evenings thereafter I again met his Lordship, when he said to me that he had arranged witlh MEr. Buchanan the unfortunate misapprehension of his sqpeech; and in reply to my inquiry, how it had been arran ged, he stated that he had addressed an explanatory lEtter-to Mr. Crampton, to be read to Mr. Marcy. I smiled ws this information, which induced the inquiry why I consdered. the arrangement a bad one. My reply of course 'was, that thepresent Administrationwvouldnot feel desirons of correcting the error that had. been made; and that, consmquently, the American people would never hear of it, and all their sympathies would begradually transferred from the alies to the cause of Russia. He appreciated the force of this remark, and asked me to suggest a mode i which the w ople of America could be made to understand how grossly hiis measngn had been misrepresented, addingr,- " 'I look upon the sympathy and good feeing! of your curntrymen in the coming struggle as being all important to the allies. The moral power which they will exercise up)on the war is second only to their talking part with us in the contest.' "Alter some conversation upon the subject, I proposed to 'wite hnim a note, asking him to commit to writing what he bad said to me in our first conversation upon the subject, to be used at my discretion in the event of the Adininistra-. tien suppressing the purport of his official explanation of hi.A speech. This was acced'ed to, and oni the following day I addresised himn the note agreed upon, in reply to which I received~~ ~ th'olwn Grove-court, Mfarch 19, 18.5-. "'M"hy deer -,-I was unable to write to you yesterday, owing to the extreme pressuire of business, which Imust beg you to exculse. I do not exactly remember what I said. to youi on Wednesday, but I have no hesitation in saying nO'V that General Caas's attack or charge against me has occasioned me the utmost surprise, and I can with t-uth aESsre VQU that there is not a, partilCe of foundation for it. WVhen I spoke in the House of Lords I was not thinkring of tshe UInited States, but solely had on my mind the joint action of France and England (in wihich the United States habred) iri Paraguay, Buenos Ayres, &c, In fact, I simnply meant to show that two countries,hitherto rivals, had learnt to know each other better, and no longer intended to be disputing about nothing, and getting up rival factions in different parts of the world. "'Verytrulyyours, "This very satisfactory and important letter I at onceenclosed to a distinguished member of the Senate, urgimn him to inquire of Generad Cass in the Senate whether our Government had not been officiallyapprised by Lord Clarendon of the true meaning of his speech in the House of Lords; and, in the event of his disclaiming any knowledge of such an explanation, tD read Lord Clarendon's letter to me, suppressing only the name of the party to whom it was written. My letter, with its enclosure, came safely to hand early in April, 1854; buil for some reason which has never been explained to me, the distinguished senator to whom it was sent did not deem it of sufficient importance to be given to the public as an antidote to the poison so extensively circulated through the speech of General Cass. "Since then General Cass has made two other speeches, insisting upon his erroneous construction of Lord Clarendon's language in the Houso of lords in January, 1854, although he should have been informed by Mr. Marcy that Mr. Cramp ton had read to him a despatch from Lord Clarendon folly and satisfactorily exdlaining his meaning in using the language to which exception was taken." A letter appears in the Washingtni IVatiomaZ Intelligenceir signed by Mr. Crampton, who states that he was not instrueted by Lord Clarendonto submit a proposition to arbitrate the Central American question but only to inform Mr. Marcy that such a proposal had been made to Mr. Buchanan. The Virginia Democratic State Convention adjourned on the 1st inst. Mr. Buchanan was evidently the iirst choice of the Virginians as a candidate for the Pzesideney. The Americans are looking to their coast defences. The Secretary of War has submitted to the Senate a report on the fortifications at and around New York. He recommends that a fort be built on Sandy Hook; the rebuilding of Fort Tompkins, Staten Island; and a fort on the East River, opposite Fort Schuyler. The total estimated cost for the fort at Sandy Hook is $1,500,000. General Webb, in a letter dated Washington, March 3, addlressed to the editor of the New York Conurecr and Inquirer, says,- "In the leader of the Courier and Inquirer of Saturday the 1st of MTarch, you have fallen intO a course of reflection upon our relations with great Britain which is the result of a hasty reading of telegraphic despatches, and which in the present delieate position of our affairs with England, may mislead the public in like manner as you yourselves have been misled. "That it is the duty of all good men to do all in their power consistent with the national honour to preserve the peace between England and the United States, and to avert from the innocent people of both nations the horrors of war, no sane man will dispute. But this duty discharged, should war still come, then every man who loves his country is bound to forget for the time being why we are involved in war, aud look only to the best mode of securing a triumph to our arms. In the discharge of our duty in the cause of peace it becomes us to be perfectly frank, and to plate the truth fairly before the country without pausing to inquire whether, in so doing, it puts E1ngland or ourselves in the wrong; and then, whoever proves to be wrong must be compeled to make the aptonde honotrarle. "CActing on this principle, I amcompfledmtodifferwith you in nhe that you have said on the subject of fer of arbitration byEngland not being such as justified Lord Clarendon's decaration in the House of Lords. It is very true that Mr. Cram pton did not forward to Mr. Mfarcy Lord~ Clarendon's despatchi of the 10th .of November last, repeating the offer of mediation, until the 27th of February; hut Lord Clarendon was ignorant of this emission, and therefore made his declaration in the Lords on the 31st of January in good faith." [The general here quotes Lord Clarendon's despatch, dated Foreign-office, November 10, 1855, which w;as published in 17ic Timzes of Friday last.] This surely justifies Lord Clarendon* and it is equally certain that our Government can claum no advantage from Mr. Crampton's omitting to serve usp on it a copy of this despatch, because Mr. Buchanan duly advised them of the c ontents of it, as he promisedLord Clarendon that he would do. It appears by MEr. Buchanan's despatches that this was the third time that Lord Clarendon made reference to arbitration, and the third time that he communicated the facet to our Govesnment *and yet it was gravely asserted on the hceor of the Senate fast MIonday that no offer of mediation had ever been made ! It is unfortunate that there should have been any mistakes or misunderstanding in regard to this offer of mediation; but the whole matter being now fairly before the country, these mistakes are of no further importance, and mediation follow, of course. Prlussia, I presume, will he selected iby our GSovernment, and thus the vexed questioi will he satisfactorily arranged if WValker does not, in the meantime, definitively dispose of it. Then comes the breach o' our neutrality lavrs. This offence took p,~lace under instructions from Lord Clarendon to Mr. C ampton, dated April 5, 18505 and by him communicated to Mfr. Marcy on the 10th day of Mlay, 1855. On the 5th of June following Mr. MIarcy complained to Mr. Buchanan of the violation of our municipal laws in relation to our neutrality, which complaint was duly brought before lord Clarendon, w;ho replied in a despatch dated the 16th of July. LThedeptch alluded to also appeared in 17he Times of bYdy.j Now, I venture .to assert tcontinues the general) and every man of honour and the whole American people will bear me out in the assertion, that this letter, taken in connexlon with Lord Palinerston's declaration in Parliament that all enlistments in Nova Scotia had been suspended, because they 'had. led to questions writhin the lsurrar of tho Unrited BtGet aa to whother or not the law of that country had been violated; Her MIajesty's C-overnment being desirous that no such questions should by possibility arise, 'is as full, perfect, and ample apology and explanation as was ever offered by one Government to another-an apology which offered by one gentleman to another could not be refused; and which was accordingly accepted by M. Buchanan, and a letter to that effect ad. dressed by himn to Lord Clarendon. "This question having been thus definitively and satisfactoriy diposed of, and our neutrality and municipal laws fully recognized, and when violated apology made for their violation, .the whole matter, in my juldgment, should have been permitted to sleep ibecause, in advance of this very ample apology, all recruiting in N~ova Scotia was suspended, and the whole civilized world informed, through the speach of England's Premnier in Parliament, that it was suspended in order to avoid giving offence to this Governmen.t. "But this Administration thought otherwise. They were not content with this very frank and free apology, followed by the suspension of the recruiting service on this continent; and thereupon Mr. Marcy raised the question whether in this violation of our municipal laws, which was conceded, the British Government had not also violated the law of nations. Ee alleged that such was the fact. To this Lord Clarendoni demurs; and this, and this only, is the existing cause of difficulty between the two nations apon the enuhent qeton. "fNow, I agree with Mr. Marcy, that the acts complained of, if satisfactorily established, were a violation of the law of natsons; but Lord Clarendon is entitled to think otherwise, and to arGue the other side of the question without our taking offence; and even if he were to think proper, to argue it in an offensive way, that isvno cause of ar. That we demand, and what the nation was entitled to receive and what we have received in the face of all the world, was, an ample apology for the act itsclf and abstenance from its repetition. *' But even in lord Clarendon's efforts to prove that his Governmenthadnot violated the law of nations, there is much to take the-sting out of any unguarded exphression he may have used in suStaining the weaer side of the argument, But he this as it may, we must not lose sight of the real question at issue, which is no more, no less, than a difference of opinion existing between Mr. MIarcy and lord Clarendon in regard 'so a question of international law. We repeat, in OUr' judgment, MSr. Marcy is right; b at the nation having received an ample anology for an offence committed against its municipal and neutrality laws, the people of the United States will scarcely go to war in order to prove that he is right. Congress will have something to say on this subject;o and I have no doubt very satisfactorily prove to the world that, our national honourhaving been vindicated, it is unbecoming the two great Protestant nations of the world to vo to war an support of a difference of opinionobetweenteir to Secretaries of Foreign A&ffairs." nterisetv *General WYebb then quotes extracts from Lord Clarendont s note, dated Foreign-office, Sopt. 27 addressed to Mr. Buchanan, a " in support of his (Lord Clarendon's) side of thisCvery unnecessary question about international law." He remares . i"Can anything be more satisfactory than thsa, even assuming that ,ord Clarendon had determlined to defend itemsef andlati e EngtHe whsheGovernt fro rate chamt soa prono nce in avourof Hroy an3 in thevssigh of this himslf-adth linlihGovrnmet fom the Govern-o having intentionally violated the law of nations as wen as our municipal law? Now, let the reader ponder upon the language used by Lord Clarendon, in his note to Mr. Cramp. ton, datedNov.16, 1855, andwethenaskof everyhigh-minded and honourable man in the country if it does not cover the whole national question. Is it not as apologetic in its tone as it is possible for a nation to be? And is it not quite possible that the subsequent hit at Nr. Cushing contamned in the following paragraph prevented its being acceptable to our A dministration: 'I shall accordingly abstain from offering the remarks which a perusal of the evidence at the recent trials and the I character and conduct of the witnesses have naturally suggested'; nor wfil I observe u-pon the temper and spirit in which the officers of the Uiited States' Government have throughout proceeded, and which displayed their desire rather to influence the public -mind against Her Majesty's Government than simply to rove the facts necessary to convict the accused parties, thAs tone and spirit being the more remarkable when it is remembered that the nroceedings complained of had been for some time definitely aban- donedout of deference to the United States' Govermnent, and that the question to be determfined was the character and complexion of acts done many months previously under a state of things no longer existing."' In conclusion, the General asks,- " What is the meauing of all this? Why simply, England, through Lord Clarendon, says, ' Admitting we were wroug in all respects, and that we violated the law of nations as well as your municipal law, we still claim that our apology frankly offered for the actual offence should cover the offence which was merely constructive. Our offence, be it what it may, was 'unintentional;' andjtherefore we indulge the hope that you will be satisfied with our disavowa of all purpose to offend, and our proving this by suspending enistments onyour side of the Atlantic.' What more can be claimed of the English Government ?" Vie Newv Orleans wvehave accounts from Vera Cruz to the 22d ult. . The New Orleans Picayrtne of the 26th contains the following Mr. Da Costa, the purser of the Texas, favours us with items respecting_ it. He reports that the Castle of Uilroa pronouinced in favour of Hlvro y Tamariz on the night of the 12th, and on the 13th notified the city that if it did not surrender by noon it would be bombarded. At half-past 12 o'clock, the city not having surrendered, the castle opened fire upon it, and continued for an hour. Two persons were wounded, and some little damage was done to buildings. On the 14th the French frigate Penelope came up from Sacrificios, and anchored between the castle and the city. Nothin further occurred until the 19th, when the war steamer Gurerrero came in to towv out the national sLip Guadalupe, and then the castle fired into her for 15 minutes, five shots taking effect, killing the First Lieutenant and four men, and wounding seven others. In the meantime a bomb from Fort Santiago fell in the castle, blowing up an ammunition chest, killing and wounding 16 men. On the 20th, at half-past 5 p.m., the castle surrendered to the city. Before the commencement of the firing the shipping took refuge at Sacrificios, but returned to their anchorage on the 21st. The national vessel Guadalupe and the steamship Ben Franklin remained at their moorings. Most of the families left for villages in the neighbaurhood during the firing." A more detailed account says "Someprisoners inthe Castle of San Juan deUlloa on the 13th inst. gotup a small jronzunciasnticnto, which hasiput the peoplehere(VeraCruz) tomuch inconvenience. Thecastle Is used as a prison for crininals confined for political offences. Among the number thus incarcerated was a man named Salcedo, about whom nobodypknows much, and who does not seem deserving of much sympathy. His former career has been spent in robbing on the roads, and acting as a chief of guerillas, until appointed a captain in the army. By some means he was enabled to gain an influence with the soldiers of the garrison, and finally induced them to seize their officers and put him in command. He immediately sent a peremptory summons to the city of Vera Craz to surrender in a few hours, under a penalty of a fire being opened upon the peaccable inhabitants in case of refusal. Hlis messenger was sent back by Governor Ilave, who declined to lite to any such summons. Consequently a brisk fire from the batteries was opened on the town. How long the firing on the inhabitats would have lasted it is impossible to say, had not the captain of the French frigate Penelope, of 60 guns, come to their assistance. I believe the foreign Consuls united in a formal document requesting him to protect them from an outrage which the circumstances would not justify, and I believe the Governor also desired his interference. " Yesterday evening the castle surrendered, and Salcedo, along with his accomplices, was' put in irons to undergo~ a court-martial, and then to be shot. The execution, however, has not come of; but from the exasperation of the citizens Salcedo is likely to have a very unanimous, if not very dispassionate jury to dispose of his case. Some eight or ten lives have been lost in this affair, while a nunmber of soldiers in the castle were much injured by the accdental explosion of anmunition, which, too, shortened their allowance of powder to keep up the action. Although many foolish things are done in this counmtry, and many outrages are perpetrated, still I think this high-handed proceeding of Salcedo's villgive him an unenviable notoriety for having surpassed all his predecessors in recklessless in this line. He seems to have fired upon everything within range without much discrimination, having intended only to do all the damage possible. Churches, hotels, and private -dwellings how the marks of his balls, and steamers within reach vere struck and several sailors killed." We have advices from Havannah to the 29th ult. The peace news from Europe had been well received. The price of sugars was advancing. A division of the British Jleet was expectedi at Etavannah. The English ship Australia arrived on the 23d with 358 coolies. I The New York commercial advices state that the tone of the English journals in their discussions of American affairs was considered less belligerent, and conduced to the opinion that there is no probability of a colBision between England and America. The money market was gradually growing easier. Capital was very abundant, at 7 to 10 per cent. for choice to fair mercantile paper. The stock market was heavy, and generally depressed. Exchange on England had advanced to 9W per cent. Continental bills were firm. The cotton-market was dull, but without quotable change in prices. lour had advanced 12ic. to 26c. per barrel, with but little doing for export. No change to report in the iron market. The market for pork was 25c. lower, with less inquiry. Fireig,hts remained firm.
AXR ARTHQUAKEZ TO THE EDITOR OF THE TDIES. Sir,-On Friday last, tie 14th inst., an extraordinary phenomenon occurred which you may think worthy of notice. About 4 o'clock p.m. a loud report -was heard sinilar to the eiplosion of a powder magazine, and at the same instant the ground shook with considerable violence, &he concussion beinBg felt throughout the villages of Sedgehill and Knoyle (situated in South Wilts), and causing mnuch alarm. In my own house bells were set ringing, chairs and crockery were shaken, and the servants ran in various directions, some to the cellar, thinlking the noise proceeded thence; others to the stables, supposing they hahd fallen. A lady,, whose residence is situated onahill a mile hence, concluded a part of her house had given way, and was so much shaken in her chair that, to use her own words, "s she thought she was going through the floor." A young lady on a visit in the same house, and who had experienced the shock of an earthquake in Jersey, had no doubt of the nature of the recnit phenomenon. In one cottage, having a firm brick flooring, the bricks wvere moved up, and my daughter, with a companion, happening to be gathering flowers at the time in a hanging copse-wood, and consequently stooping near the ground, felt the movement of the earth most sensibly. I have no doubt whatever of owr having felt the shock of an earthquake; and a groom who was engaged at the time in the stables, and who, from having been some time in the West Indies, is familiar with such phenomena, assures me there can be no question on the subject. At first, he was of opinion that a violent earthquake had tak-en place in some distant country, of which we felt the vibration ; but as I have notheard that it was felt in England; beyond this valley, I am induced to conclude it was a local phenomenon. The soilof the valley is clay, with a sub-stratumof iron-stone. I enclose my card, and am, Sir, Your obedient servant, Al. AL J. a=cn f .
GENERAL SIR RICHARD AIREY. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIA"S. Sir,-In contradiction of a statement copied from the Globe into lTre T!2es of yesterday, permit me to say that I am not acting professionaUy for General Airey-no more is my friend A&. Kinglake; though it is true that both of us, as acquaintances of the General, have been in communication with him on the subject of the pending inquiry. I have the honour to be, Sir, your obedient servant, THO'MAS TOWVR. Weald-hall, Brentwood, Essex, March 18.
THE MbnDvEf OF A GAoxuI AT HASTaoS.-Tle authorities at Hastings having written to the Police Commissioners of the metropolis for information relating to the young man called 7lurdock, who strangled an old man named Welland, the gaol-keeper of the Hastings borough prison, on MSonday, the 10th inst., have received in reply a communication from Mr. Daniel Howse, saperintendent of thc 1 division of police, conveying some important and very curious information respecting the murderer, who was very well knowvn for many years at the Thames Police-court and to the constables of the K division under the cognomen of " Blney," which he obtained by having for some time worn a pair of old naval blue trousers. The real name of the murderer is Joseph Williams, and some par' of his career gained for him the appellation of " Young Jonathan Wild " He first became known to the police about eight years ago. A woman named Fordham, the wife of a tradesman at Bow had her pock-et picked of a purse, containing 56&. in gold, which she had received the same day in payment of a check at the Bank of England. The robbery was effected by- a boy while Mrs. Fordham was listening to the harangue of one of the many Cheap Jacks in the Mile-end-road. Williams, who was thea connected With aL gang of young thieves in Spitalfields, gave information to the police, and upon his evidence two well-known thieves-one a boy named Green and the other a man called "Jeri, the lagger, "-were committed from the Thames Police-court, and convicted of the offence. Green received a slight punishment, but "Jem, the lagger," who was known to be a trainer of young thieves, was sentenced to be transported for 15 years. The magistrate who heard the case questioned Williams, then aboy of 14, and the lad expressed a desire to shun bad company and lead an honest life, and said the gan of young thieves with whom he had been associated and others had threatened to murder himn for impeaching Green and "Jem, the lagger." He was provided with an outfit at the expense of the poorbox fund and sent to sea. He made only one voyage, during whnch he behaved well, and on his return, having taken a distaste to the sea service, he became an itinerant vendor of stationery, and:was for abont two years regalar in his attendance every Wednesday at the Arbonr-square station of the K division in Stepney, and, Wednesday being the pay day of the division, he was extensively patronized by the police, to whom he made himself useful by giving information against persons accused of burglaries and robberies. Through the influence of the officers of the Thames Policecourt he obtained employnient in theLondonDocks,wherehe behaved well, but, fmding he was looked upon with distrust by many of his fellow-labourers, he did not remain long there, and sought other employment. Failing in this, he relapsed into crime, and was summarily committed for -picking pockets. On his release he enlisted into the East lndia Comiany's service, and was sent to the barracks at Warley to be drilled. He had not been many weeks with his regiment when he deserted. He betook himself into Kent, andon reaching Hastings committed a robbery there, for which he was committed to the borough gaol. He de-. termined to make his escape, and for that purnose made an attack on Welland, the gaoler, and strangled him. He was soon recaptured, and now stands conmmitted for wilful murder. WOOL D Wooiaxg GooS.-The total quantity of sheep's wool imported and retained for home consumption in the year 1855 amounted to 69,846,9801b., of which 24,687,2231b. came fromforeignStates, andi4,613,2231b. from British possessions. The quantity of goat har or wool imported and retained was 2,723,7451h The declared value of British woollen manufactures e ported in 1855 amounted to 7,712,48LI., and that of woollen yarn to 2,026,0951.--- making atotal of 9,738,5761.
NA VAL AND MILITARY LyTBLLjGBNoB. The following letter, dated Ialta, March 12, is from our own correspondent:- - "Much activity still prevails, not onlv in the military but in the naval departments at Malta.- "Additions to the Malta reserve continue dropping in from England, and proportionate draughts of drilled solders are sent away eastward. Within the last few days as many as 1,SCO, in addition to the 3,200 which left inthe last week of February, have left, and others are prepgring to follow. These have been replaced by 1,060 of the RstReginent of the Anglo-Italian Legion from Genoa, and some 2,000 more are sbortly looked for. "The St. Jean d'Acre, steamship of the line, has already left for the eastward, and the others of her class are 7eing refitted with all possible despatch to resume their station in the Black Sea. Nor are our gallant allies behindhand in this particular, for on the 5th inst. a noble fleet of five ships of the line and four frigates was seen passing Malta, steering eashtard, and by this date must have reached the Dardanelles, through which most of the steam-frigates, and nearly all the lighter craft and screw steam gunboats of the British fleet have already passed on their vay to the scene of operations. . "' Her Majesty's steam transport Asistance arrived on the 3d from Gibraltar and Valencia; she left for Constantinople on the following day, conveying 14 offlcers and 273 non-cormnissioned officers and privates of various regiments, draughts from the Malta reserve. The Cumberland steam transport arrived from Woolwich and Gibraltar on the 4th with warlike stores. ". The Northumberland steam transport arrived from Gravesend,Plymouth, andGibraltar onthe 5th, and left for Constantinople on the 7th. Tho Madagascar steam transport arrived from Barcelona on the 7th, With mules, and left for ConstantinoPle the 11th. 'Her Majesty's steamner Thais arrived from Liverpool and Cadiz on the Sth, and left for Constantinople on the 9th. - "' The Peninsula steam transport arrived from London with medical stores on the Sth; she left for Constantinople and Balaklava on the 9th. " The Black kPrince steam transport arrived from London with stores on the 10th, and left for Balaklava on the 11th. "' The General Codrington steam transport arrived from Oeptford and Gibraltar on the 10th, with railway plant, and left for Balaklava on the 11th. " The Thalia screw steamer, from London, with a cargo of Government stores for the East, arrived on the 12th, on which day the Great Britain left for Genoa. " The Tynemriouth s5teamU transport arrived on the 28th of -Februry from Constantineopo, and left on the 3d of March for Balaklava, conveying1 officersand 682 non-commissioned officers and privates of various regiments, taken from the Malta reserve. "The Imperador steans transport left on the 27th of February for the Crimea. " The Colombo, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer, in the transport service, left for Constantinople on the 27th. "' The Indiana steam transport left for the Crimea on the 28th, conveying 36 officers and 906 non-commuissioned officers and privates of various regiments, taken from the YMalta reserve. " The Armenian steam transpori left on the 27th of February for England. " The Mary Ann, Minden, and Sultan, sailing transports, arrived from Constantinople on the 2d, the first two left for London on the 4th, and the last followed on the 5th. "' The Black Sea steam transport arrived on the 3d fromi Constantinople, and on the same day the Alice Jackson steam transport, also from Constantinople. " The Trent steam transport arrived on the 4th from Constantinokle, with Ordnance.stores, and having in tow Her Majesty s screw steam floating battery the Meteor, also from Constantinople; both left for England this morning. " The Arthur Gordon steam transport arrived on the 5th from Constantinople. " The Baalbee steam transport, with Russian guns and other trophies of war, arrived from Balaklava on the 10th, and left for England on the 11th. "H er Majesty's' steam frigate Odin arrived from Kazatch on the 28th of February. H"Her Majesty's steam gunboat Beagle lef for the Crimea on the 4th, but meeting with damage to her machinery in a gale of wind put back on the 6th; made a second attempt at getting away on the 9th, but returned to port after a few hours. " Her M1ajesty's steam gunboat Viper left on the 6th for the Crimea. " The Highbiyer, screw steam-frigate, left for Constantinople on the 11th. lHis Netherland's Majesty's frigate De Itnyter, Captain Stavenisse de Brauw, arrived from Ale:xandria on the 8th, bound for Genoa. The captain, on the evening of the 10th, while dressing for a ball at the Palace, was strack' down by an apoplectic fit and continues in a very precaious state, which detains the vessel in port. "The Sully, French steam transport, arrived from Constantinople on the 2Sth of February, bringing 15c military invalids, and left on the followi4n day for Port Vendres. "The Isasbella Croll steam transport in the French service, arrived from Cnaniesch on the 2d of March, having on board 114 military invalids, and left on the 4th for Port VTendres. " The Calypso, English steamer ia the French transport service, arrived from Constantinople on the 3d, bringing 84 military invalids, and left for Port Vendres on the 4th, on which day the Windsor steam transport, in the same service, also arrived from Constantinople with 40 invalids and having in tow the disabled Sardinian steamer Conte di Cavour bringing ISS French military invalids-which two vessels left for Toulon on the 5th. The Napoleon m., English steamer in tlhe French transport service, arrived from Constantinople on the 5th, anid left for Port Yendres on the Gth. " The English steamer Nicols L., in the French transport service, arrived from Constantinople on the 5th, bringing 101 military invalids. " The Tantallan, English steamerin the French transport service, arrived from London and Gibraltar e ith provisions on. the 8th, anld left for Ksmiesch on the 9th. " The Empress, English steamer in the same service, arrived from Constantiople on the 8th, bringing 115 military invalids, and left on the 10th for Port Vendres. "The Cityof London steam transport arlived from Genoa on the Ist of March, and left for Leghorn on the 6th. * The Ottoman Government steamer Chebahar arrived on the 2Sth of February from Constantinople, bringing 611 officers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the Tunisian Contingent, and left on the of Xar-ch for Tanis. The Minos, Tunisian Government steamer, arrived from Constantinople on the 29th of February, bringing General Muhamed Secusi, and 37Sofficers, non-commissioned officers, and privates of the same contingent, and left for Tunis on the 5th of March. These 1,000 men, scarcely numbering a dozen officers, are, it is said, with the exception of a few too ill to be removed from the hospitals of the East, all that remain of the contingent, originally 10,000 stronz. xhe ottoman Government steamer Esseri Heri arrived from Tripoli on the Sth, having on board his Ex-cellency Osmey Bey and suite. The Vectis. Peninsular and Oiiental Company's mail steamer, arrived on the 3d from Marseilles. The Alma mail steamer, belonging to the same company, arrived on the 3d from Southampton and Gibraltar. Her Majesty's mail steamer Triton arrived from Corfn on the 8th. "The cutter yacht Sparrow Hawk returned from the Crimea and Constantinople on the 1st inst., and left for Portsnmouth on the 8th. " The Arayes screw steamer arrived on the 2d from Alexandria, and left for Liverpool on the 3d. "The Bosphorus screw steamer, from Constantinople, arrived on the 3d, and left for Liverpool on the 4th, on which day the British Queen screw steamer arrived from Constantinople and Smyrna. " The Melita screw steamer, from Liverpool and Gibraltar, arrived on the 5th. She left for the East on the 7th. " The ship Siam, Captain Wilton, from Constantinople. bound for Calcntta, put into Malta on the 7th, having7l1 of her crew snffering from typhus fever, contracted from conveying to Constantinople from Kamiesch 300 French military invalids, 10 of whom died during the passage. T"vTwo courts-martial have takenplace in the fleet. They were held on board Her Majesty's ship Princess Royal, Captain Jones, who presided on each occasion. The first case was that of Iieutenant Bloxham, of Her Majesty's ship Sphinx, for leaving his ship while under arrost. Tne charge being proved, he was dismissed the service. The second was onMfr. Blake, boatswain of Her Majesty's ship St. Jean D'Acre, for drunkenness. The charge was proved, but from the handsome certificates produced, and high character given him by Captain King and the officers of the ship, he was only reduced from the first class to second." General Baron Smola, of the Imperial Royal Austrian Artillery, accompanied bv Colonel T. Wurmb, of the Imperial Royal Austrian Engineers, and Captain A. WLssiak, -of the Imperial Royal Austrianavy, .viaited the AIagship of the Baltic fleet at Spithead yesterday, and other objects of interest at Portsmouth. Rear-Ad[miral SirRichardSaunders Dundas, K.C.B., received the visitors on board the Duke of Wellington, and accompanied them in his steam tender, which landed them at the docLyard, where the authorities also paid themevery respect. On leaving the Duke of Wellngton a salute of 10 guns was fired in honour of the baron. The Andes,-steam transport No. 100, arrived at Pors. mouth yesterday morning from the East with invalids (last from Plymouth), and went into harbour to land them at the dockyard. The Coquette, 4, screw despatch gun-vessel, Commander Risk, went into Portsmout' harbour on Ifonday evening. The Eliadamanthts steam tender went into Portsmouth harbour on Monday evening, to disembarkmachinery for the Pioneer steam despatch gunboat and the Fox steam transport. The steam-vessels Conflict, Archer, and Cruiser went from Hamoaze into Plymouth Sound on Monday. The screw steamship Orion, 91, Captain John E. Ersiine, left Plymouth on Monday with those men belong. ing to the Algiers whose leave had expired. The ship Wellesley, from Calcutta November 15, and Cape of Good Hope January 12, was offPlymouth on Monday. She has a number of passengers, among whom are, from- the Cape, Captain Bates, 45th Regiment, XMlitary Secretary to. his Excellency Governor Sir George Grey; and Captain Montgomery, of the Glst Rifles.. Spoke, February 3, in lat. 7 S., Iong. 15 W., the Sumatra, from Coringa for Belfast; February 7, in lat. 1 N., long. 22 W., the City of Edinburgh, from the Clyde for Calcutta; March 4, in lat. 31 N., long. 13W., the Magician, of Bristol; and March 9, 3n lat. 50.30 N., Iong. 11 W., the Thebes, from Shanghai. The Thunder floating battery, Captain George G. Ran. dolph, has been put out of No. 1 dry dock, Sheerness, her fitments and improvements being completed. She has, with the Trusty floating battery, Captain Frederick A. Campbell, been berthed at harbour moorings. The Horatio, 8 gunsw screw steam-frigate, Captzin the Ion. Arthur A. Cochrane, C.B., left Sheeness yesterday on a trial trip of her machinery. The Porcupine, 3, paddlewheel steimvessel, Lieutenant Commander George I. alfour, has completed her refitting. She has taken on board her store, andisunder orders to leave Sheerness. - The Eurotas, 12, mortar-ship, is receiving her mortars and mortar beds on board, each mortar. exceediiig five tons weight. The Victor, 6, screw ateam-Snvessel, Commander T. 1L Algernon Do Iorsey, now fitting in the basin, Sheerness, 'has had-a very satisfactory trial of her machinery in the basin; 51revolutions were obtained, and she is to proceed on a trial trip in a few days. The Scylla, 20 guns, new Ecrew steam-corvette, now beingbuilt at Sheerness, will shortly be ready to be launched, The frames for another vessel of the same class are being prepared to belaid down on the same slip. Veseels of tbi5 class are built substantially for the purpose of carrying a heavy armament on their upper deck. Thegunboats Violet and Goldfinch have illed their am mnunition stores with powder, shot, and shell, in preparation for lengthened service, and sailed yesterday morning from Woolwich, to test the qualities of their engines and machinery, after which they are to proceedto Greenhithe to be swung. A new gunboat, named the Roebuck, is to be launched on Saturday at Messrs. Scott Russell's. Lieutenant W. Arthur has hoisted his pennant as commander of the gunboat Manly; and Lieutenant G. J. Rowley, of the Magnet; both vessels have commenced their preparations for sea at Deptford. The schooner Junction is to sail from Woolwich to-day with guns, mortar-beds, and gan carniages, kc. for Portsmouth. The shipment of Ordnance materials from the Low3noor, Liverpool and Scotch foundries to the War Department at Woolwich wMi shortly be suspended, as the contracts for the season are fast drawing to a termination. Large numbers of mortars and heavy guns of every description, 'with many 68 and 32-pounders, to supply the fleet of gunboats, have passed through the proof department there. The new system of firwig the proof singly has been ordered to be entered as a permanent regulation. Mr. Gottlieb, late storekeeper of Woolwich Doclkyard, in addition to his full pay of active service, has been granted 1001. per annum as an equivalent for free quarters. The newly created post of accountant in the Storekeeper's-office at the Dockyard, Woolwich, was filled up on Saturday from Portsmouth, at a fixed salary of 500/. per annum. A first-class clerk in the same department, with a salary commencing at 3151., and anually increasing 15!. up to 4501., Was likewise appointed at the same time from Portsmouth. The following Commanders have been appointed to command steam despatch and gun vessels:- Commander H. C. Hajendie, to the Alacrity; Commander W. Jones, to the Assurance; Commander HL J. Bloomfiedd, to the Osprey; Commander 0. E. Ir Vernon, to the Surprise; and -Commander WV. Anmytage, to the Vigilant. B. S. Owen and Rt. D. R. Farquharson have been ap)pointed niidsfipmen to the Vesuvius and the Retribution. - TE EELTITT. The Royal South Glocester Regiment of Militia was on Monday called upon to give volunteers to the regular army. The proceedings were superintended -by Colonel Horsford Rile Brigade, a distinguished officer. 153 men offered, of whom 12 were rejected. This regiment has given a large number of volunteers to the line since 1852, and at all times shown a willingness to volunteer. The present strength is about 400 of all ranks. They have been six months at Aldershott.
THE JOSEPHINE WTILZS. TO T: EDITOR OF THE TIMES. fr,-A.report haning reached me that some person or persons have been obtaining money by writing to the benevolet, tatig tat t isforthe urpse f assistingg me, Xlate h,ieftofficerof Tthe JOosephinep Wis, I beg to say it is entirely without my sanction; neither have I received any money so raised. Yomrs obliged, KESTER CLAYTON, 0~, uLerers-Terrace, i oric-square, umenouse, Alarch i7.
How TO DO ir.-Ef any one wishes to be provided. with an answer to Dickens's quaestion, "Why we are called pre-eminently a practical people," let him turn to the inquiry into the fire at Covent-garden Theatre, where he will soe a system the very reverse of that of the Circumlocutionofflce, showing "ow to do it." Four firemenwereemployed in the theatre, one on duety in the day and three at night. The rule wvas for one of the three on night duty to go the rounds of the house every hour except during performance. The good sense of this regulation is obvious. Things have something else to do than to catch fire during performances Fire will, of course, wait till the business of the stage is -over. It was time enough to look after fire whon there was nothing else to do. As the wisest of men teaches us, there is a time for all things, and it was not to be supposed that fire would break out at unseasonable hours. But it seems, practically, that firm will not wait for ever The performances had occupied alt6gether about 24 hours out of 48, more than double, nearly treble, the usual time; and there had consequently ben no hourly patrolling for that unasually lengthened period, exemptingfire from surveillanceand so, in contempt and defiance of rule, it broke out. How long the fire must have been obtaining head may be inferred from its complete mastery when first discovered; and, but for the presumption that nothing would catch fire in any out-of-the-way part of the house during performance, and the consequent suspeson of the horly patrol, the discovery would have en made before the fire had spread so far as to be uncontrollable. A most elaborate mechanism had been provided against the calamity which has o.curred. There was a tank at the top of the building with water enough to drown the house. sut it had the one fault of not bein- available. On the very stage on which the fire rained, and on which the water did not rain, has been played this satire on the very precaationS which so signally failed in the time of need. Sir Able Handy is a great inventor. He has a matchless contrivance for every possible or impossible occasion. A servant rushes in with the teririble news that the house is on fire. Sir able bethirns himself in turn of all his infallible machines for extinguishing fire, but unluckily there is some objection to the employment of each ; one is not charged, another is out of repair, a third is undergoing some change to render it perfect. But Sir Able is never at a loss for an expedient-none of the Handys ever are ; and, striking his forehead, he cries out, "A luclky thought strikes me -perhaps the fire wlJl gO out of itself !" And tnat was really the only chance, such as it was, on the night of the Covent-garden catastrophe. If we are to be1ieve one of the witnesses, the conduct of Mr. Anderson on this occasion is abeut as much to be admired as the resource of Sir Able Handy. Whenthe alarm was given, and he had satisfied himself of the terrible fact, his words to Palmer, the gasman, were--" Good God, the place is all on fire ! for your life's sake get out of it." The officer did not act upon this selfish recommendation. Be had sometning todobesidesproviding for his own safety. His first duty was one of hur=ity, and he desired his men to look to thle aafety of the musicians in the orchestra at t he back of the stage ;his next care was to turnoffthe gas of wvhich he had charge, probably to prevent explosion. More could not be done in the circumstances, but if there. had been the opportunity of doing more, such a speech as that of Mr. Anderson, giving the word "each for }melf," was not calculated to encourage exertion to grapple with the danger. We do not attach any weight to the fireman Castles's opinion that the fire was not accidentL Such an opinion is an easy exoneration of all whose business was to guard against the catastrophe. His statement, that the chandelier could not have overheated the adjacent woodwork, should not have been received without some further inquiry. It may be quite true that in ordinary circumstances the heat of the chandelier would not have much effect on the ceiling. but the circumstances were not ordinary, for the gas had been burningfor 24 hours out of 48, instead of for abeut 10 hours in the same period. H. Sloman, the machinist of the theatre, had for some days noticed a strong smell of escaped gas, and expressed his fears that the house would be burnt down. But his warning was not heeded. And so, altogether, -If you want to know the way of arriving at suclh a consummation as that of Covent-garden Theatre on the 4th of March, here you see "How to do it."Exa miner. A HIGH SHERIT F:ED BY A JUDGE.-On 31onday the commission for holding the Spring Assizes for Carmarthenshire was opened at Carinarthen, before Mr. Justice Williams. It was, so far as the county was concerned, a maiden assize. Mr. William Goode, the Under-Sheriff; proceeded to meet his Lordship-the High Sheriff, Major Rice, of LIwynybrain, being unable to attend personally on aecount of illness. Mr. Goode, who left CarmIathen in an ordinary fly, unaccompanied by javelin men or county policemen, met his Lordship about two miles from Carmarthen, on the road from Cardigan. We (Swansem Herald) are told that his Lordship refused to proceed to Caxmaithen in the fly provided by the Under-Sheriff, and entered the town in his own carriage about 4 o'clock in the evening, and immediately proceeded to the Town-hall. On Tuesday his lordship, incharging the grand jury, said, "1 The gentleman whom Her Majesty has appointed to be High Sheriff of this county is absent. I learned from' a letter which I received on my arival here frem himself, thathis absence is attributable to illness. His absence, however, from such a cause, is no good excuse for his failing to provide that usual amd necessary attendance of bailis, and other incidents which are requiste not only for paying a p roper respect to Her Majesty, whose representative as judge of asize I have the honour to be in this chair, but also mnaintaining and preserving a decent order and a due dignity in the administration of the law, and in the execution of TIer MWests commission. This is the duty which, by that commission, is imposed upon the high sheriff, and firom the performance of which he cannot stand excused because he is unable to be present personaUy. Indeed, I shoudd have thought this would have been rather an additional aUOtive for him to be more than usually careful that his duty should be faithfully performed on his behalf in his absence. But it has been plainly and pointedly neglected, and for that neglect I found it incumbent upon mo yesterday to fino him in the sum of 1001. This amnouncnent created throughout the Court a strong sensation, amounting almost to cheers. - SACRzD HA.rmowc Socmrmr.-The final performance this season of the Measiah takes place this evening: Madame Iludersdorff, Miss Dolby, Mr. Sims Reeves, and Mr. Weiss principal vocalists,
JINO de PASTA 46s. per dozeit, in our age bo0;; v tles.CdizEm Wieompay 68, St. Jl-e'~ret. DRY PORT 48s. 4s.; nenpreil; isparklin~ cs>, direct frm bond, 72.-J1)iV and QO., 105, New and Ka rEuo1IrenowedRORIZ PORT, 36s. per dozen; . re, cb mnedimn, or &T, 36s.; * r2=-CJhampWa dEerayt an elegant sprkling wme, 50.. - p e rx' gallon; Hodges'finest gin 14g.; Raggett's tonic ci. sonIc o'evillorange, a. dHlcious and stengthenn medium for die. guising the nausea or cod liTer oil, 2s. per bottle.-AI R.&GGES,$ (late Blockey's) old estab ehdwarthouse, 21, Duke-street, St. James'. pI ETE:ll ARNOLD MUMMIJ.DE, 3'raikfort-on-the .LMa, and Jo anesberg. onthe-blne, fro of t relebratei Jolnegmtbae. g e faiet fnd al ther stllH d le, prin urea doey,led lretallndStr -G. H. ME mm and Co., .,Ceimo , growers of creag and wiling Champage of the heoiest qbilities.l OPP STuh I1 aner soleagen afor Great Britinand ts ' l It HE SOLERA SHERY, 36S. per dozen c orS *. refeene, carriagetfree. conthreto adoere to tteibrpacege sb, elegant ne wdIne, fit fr the table of any gentlermanc urye, hig fiavoured, dry, and remaraby cen tasted, without the lighte approach to acidity: for qusaity afnd price ob to be d srege a- orTCHELL and Co., 8, Croshane, Id -lane, Tower-strcet (remodled from im1e-street): established 182L. I;very description of Sherran otherine. asrwell asepirits. paeie, stout, al. odNADULERATED WINE :S.-FELTOI4, SONS, anddCo., importers, 2f, Conduit`trertigre. Aent-etreec, }ndop. beg respetf to notify they contrnueio adhere tO their . mde*i principle of dealing in only Pure iVINES, free from acidity and not radied,the sucoessattending wbidaplamly dem onstrates that their System is appreciated. Sole agents for the celebratedDespregnez Pale or Gold Shberry. possessing the adirednultty flavoar, 3Gm. ; ull-bodied old Port, 42s. spearkling Champagne, 48g. IAmtte's Claret,. 42s. ;flnest old Cognac, 6mL. per dozen, for ca. CLarriae free. An ezicauivestc of choicezsitag:es and growts, foreiguliqiemrs, do IfLIQUOT's CHAMPAGNE. -J. CAMPBELI, - Bole consignee for this celebrated wine. The cares contain one dozen and threedciozen each, price 72s. =er, 1guinea per threa dozen case; also Champagne of ot.her - , the crices ayrngfropn 54s. to 72. per dozen. Bsurgudy is, perhaps, the most perfect of al red wines; in J. C2'sat.hezing wl be found eBaune cud Voluay, 36s. per dozen;5 guineas Per three-dozen case. N.X The leadingwine in J. C's stock of Spanish wines is Iisnzanllla, rwith its fine tonic qualities. 36s. pr dozen. Remttances or town references accompanying antryordrrs shouldblie adocireseto James Campbell, wine merchant, TAKED SEERRY.-Taken all in allShernrunsohticated state is amongst the most generous n he same of vwite wines with which we are acquainted Medical titioners often seek for apu wine that shl ess al the sdvancae5 of the roborantwithout the risk of being too heating or of genertang acidty or acrimony, such sas too often happens with wine which iB charged ith an ex esx either of pirit or of sm-decomp ued sr. ThM wine so often and hitherto so vainly soughtis, in fact, a pure, unsophis. ticatedl and perfect ornakedfSherry. The comparison asto wbolesomenessbetween such wines and the common golera Sherry of commerce willbe readiy distinguished from the following table of contituents andproportions, zvi:-Naked SheiaT:free acid, per cent., 0.208 -sugar, per oent. 0.16S; spirlt,per cent., 14.333-Common SheTy of Comnmeroe: free acia, Per oent., 0.833; sur. cent.. 3.012; apiri., per cent., 23.500. This compaison is obvi too abikin to reo-uire comment. The pure, perfect, or naked Sher, priee 42s. per dozen: bottles 2&. hampers, Is per doze Semple lhmpers of four dozen (for cahi carsinge free to all railway stations inu BglanBd.-OSTBS ndJII , 31itre-court, 3illk-street, Cheapsideu: ('1H0ICE OLD PORT, of 1834 vintage 96s. per j dozen; and in magnumns i1S This rare wine deseres the notice of connoisseurs: ite dry and mellow. fraity, yet free fromu sweetness, and possessing great flavour. The old-fashioned dry port, 4s. per dozen; this wine poses all the genuine qualities of pure and fully fermented-Pcrt wine, which crc dryness, ashtinen., fruitiness, and ood colour, with boquiet. Gordon's golden and pale Sherries. 30s., 3SOs, and 42s.; Maazenilla and Aiaon- ilado. highl recommended for invalids. 4s. and M. -: old Port, 3s., 3Gs., 42s., and 4s.;white Port, veryselect,60 .: St.JulienClnret,3D; St. E.tephe,l36s.: La Rose. 42s.; leoville and latour, 45s. IL;s, ; gaux, 6s.; Lafitte, 72se; Chabli4, 36s.; Sauterne, 48s.; Rork and Mlo. aeBe, lis. aad 4Es.; sparlding ditto. W, 72I., and Ms.:; Rudesreimer, Steinberger, Johamnesberger, and Liebfraumllch, S0s.: .parkling Champagne. 48s., 60s, and 72s; fne old Sack, Malmsey, irontgnac, Constantia, Tokay, Vermuth, and other rare wines. Old pale cognaw 'randy, SSs. per dozen; curgao, maraschino, noycan, cherry brandy, and other foreign liqueusr On receipt of a port-oflice order orreferenco any quantity, with a rrked list of aU other wines, will be immediatel forwarded by 'EDI.ES and BUTLE , wrine merchants, Sc., 1F, Regent-street, I-undon; and 29, eing's-road, Brighton. ORDEAUX BRANDY, Pale or Brown, equal tW Bthe finest Cognac brands. One dozen cases asinspored. at 45s., deliveredcfreetoaUtherailwayesttionson receipt of Post-ollice order or otherremnittance,,payhble at thePimnlicopoet-office to theoOnsi-neess, W. J. HOLLEBIONE and SON, wine and spWib importers, Hallnvharf, Plinlico. 1BISE WHISKSY, of the finest quality and matured A.by age. In packrages of alil aizes.-A. anOJ. BACIOT, IS, William'street, Dublin. IT Th'AflA 's L.L. WHISKY.-This celebrated K old Irish whisky is bigblyreominmendedastheinostdeapiro and wholesome spirit, either for mixing or for medicinal purpose, it is perfectly pure, very mild, and, being mellowedwith age, isfree fro those fiery or heaiting qualities so mush objected to in other apirits. Canbe obtained i sealed botUes, 3s. d. each, at anl the respectable retail houses in London andits vamity; fromtheappointedzgentain theprincpal towns of Enland or woleWe from KIAHA!N, SONS and SEYTH 8. Great Windmil street. Haymarket. -JOTICE.-SAML. MORGAN, Sole Consgnee for the ure Ilan-ollen Ale, in IS gaon casks, quarts and pint bottles, REMOVED from 16, Old Change, to 14 Bennet'shill, St. Paurs-church-yard, next door to theHeralde College. _U[E BRIGHTON PALE ALES. so mueh approYed L of by visitors No. 2, in 9 and 18 galon casks, 3s. per gallon. No. 3, Per AS lon. IGs Also. India pale ale. Brighton TiDper old a an Vales,-ALII and ABDEY, brewers, Btighton; store, 7, Upper Thames-street. S TOGU31BER MEDICINAL PALE ALE is S brewed with the water from Harry il's Well." It cue discas, andis renovating. reasonable, and delicious. Peferences to the faculty.-B. Holden. 55 a, Upper Seymour-street, Portman-.quare, sole London agent.-H. Watts, manager, Stogumber, Tnunton. TIOMlE-B3REWVED and PALE ALES, pur for L.. priste faudilies:-Table beer, 6s: table ale, 7s.: sngfe X, s 6d.& K ale, l0s.; porter, lO.; XX ale. lIe.; stout.13s.; XXX. lie-: strongess aJ lEs.: ale, 1C Per 9 gallns: * gaDon half the prirce Addreec: Braery, Wesit-street, Judi-place west, neaxr Kingisr-ross, St. B ASS' pALTEALE, London Stout, AurtoA, Edin- burgh, and lht ls, Porter. Cider, £o c either in a and o rhtoP.le, In thefinest condition; also Port, Sherry, Claret, tadeira, au:dalikinds of nesand spiritS, of the besN t qualties, a ver ioderaUe prices, or F1ID, WABDPELIas and Co., lO, Arisen-tet, .Adelphi, three docug Srom the StUrndm QALT and Co.'s EAST INDCAA PALEA ad BEIRa 0N AlIES. Breweery, BroUn-onpTrenty-Stores .-Loando. HuIm_erford-whsrf; Liverpool. S2, Henryr-street' SIaurlstcr. 37, iroWl-strmet; Brecingtua. 20r Bull-streetea Bri,2oS, .ack-bal, BilaSwinstreet;Dublin. & Crown-alley; Rainburgh, Po.-thopctn arehouse: Glasgol, St. Vincent-place. These ales casks of 18 galloni and uwards, asnd in bottles, may be obtaineLd is rem arespectable bottlers. 17 ctiBEE ONaE, ST. PAUL's CHRCHYARa d -EScellent Is. 4d. COSGO.-DIS and Company tea mnerchants.3 S ElV:ElN POUJNDS of es.cellcnt CON({OU or ,SOUCH1ONG for one guinea. lineat new season teas (he Cor. D>any'a own-aimportation). k;. GiL to 4s Si, Perpond. Bewamre of a newr only on teas Good strong coffee, Is. per rpoun-l.-Esst India Te Company's offices, 9. Great St. HXelen's churchyard, Iilshcpsgnte-stree T~EBEST and C:HEAPES-T TEAS in iEngland .L are to be obtained of PHILIPS and Company, tea mrrchaunts 8, KigWiliam-str,eet, city. Strong congson teas, &s.Sd.. s lOd. I0s., ISR IrL A generalprice current is published every month, containinig anthe anvantages oftoconudon markets, and is sect free by pest on auplicatlon. Sugars are supplied at markret prices. Tess and coffees to te value of 4Os. or 7pwvards sent ca riage free to any i-ailwystation or market town in England. QIR RtOBERT PEEL.'s SA.UCE, for generaipur- , pu6se. Eachbettle bears a f-simiLe of the late Right Hon. Bae- art's letter of approvaL. This delicous sauce should findl aplace or. every table. To be7 had of the mnanufactulrer. J. CarStair6, En7.ugh. and of all sauce vendors inthSe Unrited Kingdom. WVholesale of Croea and Blackvell, 21, Soho-soquare. ()IAUTION and NOTICE.-To theNobilt, Gentry 'l Clergy, and General Public.-LA.CEY s lEDFRfSHD SAUCE, fromna original recipe. Rorrichneas of savour, 3md general ut-itly. this sauce is perhaps unequalled: &s an accompaniment to chops. steasls, fish, cold meat, game, &c, it baa ,oag be held in the hbihest estimation by aU scientific gormandssnd for enriching bases gravies, stews, de.. it must alwavrbe highly appredated by every truo gastronome. As this saute is 'a highly concentratedt essence of the choicest condiments, skiltlly combined,a smalU quantity will be found raulient; it therefore has thaadditional recommendation of cheapnesa, anditvwiretain itspiquancy of flavour, inmny climate, forany length of time. The just celebrity of this incomparmble sauce basinduced certan umprincipled persona tD offer for sale a spninous article. under the same name, and with an audaous imitation td the original label. The proprietor hereby gives notice that ro other person than himself has hitherto been authorised to seU a single botte of the genuine article, and to sere pirchases agaiust future imposition he is now prepared to rece;ve and execute orders to any extent. Asamal a quantity as a dozen botles of the saucceili be ent carriage free to any part of England on recdpt of pest-otice order for 12 - O ne triaI wil sulficiently establsh its supenority. but if not approved may be sent back, when the cash wil be;romptly returned to the IDU amount. The proprietors signatura wilt bewritten on the lasel of each bottle, and withlout which none wibe senuine. The trmdeaplied on hberat terms. Prepared only by.Tames La~cey. St. Paul's-square, edford. In bottles, *'ce he. Isd, eac &4An Agen.IVanted,i Iuordan,atLiverpool, inin Lem, Ieeds, Oxford, and C nmbnage. (iROSSB and BLACKWELIL, Purveyors in Ordi- %-srary to I;er lKajesty, respectfully invte attention to their PICKLEI, Sauces, Tart Fruits, and other table delicacies, the whole of which are prepared with the most scrupulous attentiou to wholesomeness and purityv. The practice of colouring picklea and tartfruits by arifici means has been discontnued, and the wbhole of theirmanufactures are soprepered that they are not allowed to come in contact; with any deleteriousingredient. A ferof the articles mosth6ignly recommended are-pickles and tart Lfuits of every description. royal table sauce, essence of shripm Soho sauce, essence of anchovies, mhsr jelrieg md orange manmalad,, anchory and bloater pastes, rt=r.burg and other potted meats, and call's-foot jellies of various kind.f or table use. and B. ae also sole asents for 'M Soyers' Sauces Relish, and Aromatic Mustard; and for barirs? Sir Robert reel's Sauce, and Payne's Royal Osborm Sause. The above may be obtained of most respectable sauce vendors throughout the -united Kingdom, and wholesale of Crosse aud BlirkweI, 21, Soho-square. f OVERNMENT 3DANILLA CHEROOTS, 250 IX No. 2. in original boxes, 42s - Ponder's Fragrnria cigars, three years old, 12s per lb. of lit; old Yi%ns Cuba Cigr, S& per hundred. beSt shag tobacco, s &6L per lb.-T. PONDE and Co., 48, Btrand, opposite Lowthbrarcade, YHINSt RA CIGARS, 28s. per case of 2 lb., con- a ind ON beg to nform of spurious imitationsoE the above, every bundle is mzarked RobertsandCo., London," and none others are warranted. To be bad at their warehouse, 54, St. Join.treet, ClerkenwveBl, REGAIAS CIGARS, Cabanas; &'c.-Noblemen ofrr,merchats, comno'issemrs in foretE ogar are invite to a scrutputlous inspection of some tons at blessr WOSIrLL: and Co.' warehoues Antonio Cabarga;s and others, 22s, 2lBe and lEs. per lb.; blanilas, ;&sBE. anId l9s. 6d.; Havaush andI S;R:~, Es, Cd. .atakia, 12s. 6d,; Chiusura2. ys.-Warehouxes, dobfonutaent-red extending tou .", and 8, Pnddinglmae. h cit y T ATAKTACIGARS, "A s) " brand, imported only inea WlonaYpatetorc, 43, Oxford-street, nsarlltoawshued o rees cigar 2suraatrs ut of or and are pronondb ionnoisseurs to be the inest qlinty orher imported. Sample toxem, containing eight, for s lid, post free four tmps extra. Firtl foreign avannabs (duty pAidS 2S- a Ib. sample boxes, conthinia eight, forxis,d, postfretoForlstamps extra. NTO0 MORI: BLU1NT KIV'IS.-Tlse PATENT iEMOllIEet lshricet s. By thiasinention six do;en table knivep can be effeetdalysharpened in 10 migutes, Tobeo tha of l, Seviens. internaUonal patentoffice, sm3, Estr-es, Str3nd, qES Aargd on oelving of 26 stamps. DNIFE and FORa gLERNE3-Every kitche%t ta shoul. d be fmnished writh .YC BO AR C-s PaTsTv X IFf and FORli CLEANIG l'IACHTh'R, which, lHrtead of inurine knives as is BO much coinnisined of inl other machines, gisetbemn brilliant ;ad lsstiag polish, iree from scrateh es. thatosannot bo equalled by anyother process Pri etwo guieas only. Depot, I, WellingtonstreecS Wfaterloo-bridge. fIHINA and GLASS.-ET. W. SGasPIJS, 49 and MS , Oxford-sret. and PortlttandBaar, L^aughama-plaeo Tlteso umnrvalled estwablishments continue to show the largest vanety or patterns and prices, andoffergreater advantages tharn any oteintbin te trade. l.udgate-lil. PINNEER SERVICES of SToE CHINA, .ornplete. [Jto dine 12 per4sos S3 lEe, scoond qualityg, iOse.; richly gu dttlo. rem 5&guineas;te andcoffee serviesz in greatYariety,Ios . 10 guies i re;tfat teonices, beat wihite such cold ch1nb 175. tL 6I toilet serv0ces, from Es, Cd: wine glses d tumblerXin 4s a doze, athn hoase forNblaon' ol atent ironston clrina, CataloCaes frete bg post-T. and ILL. BROW11 47, SS. ldrtislsne, Chsrlescroin. G LASS CANDELIlERS, for Gas or Candles,- PELIS'T and Oo. Cats Pellatt and Oreen) invite attcntlcm 20 thelrg and wllO assertd stock at tberaeir2uYy, th5oF5O QiamG Works, Holland-street, 1ilac}hiasroad. Their uewl tasif, wthx sketches. forwarded freo tho prices include delivery andputtlnu within aIx rmles of thte work. Candelabra, brackets, table gli, china. and cathaiw are 2n greaVvariel, in the newso 1rooses, at th ao factory, and also at seirwestentablinent,5and ake lPort2mre'sqnac, Sreyriceof ever ysrt 5i ked in plai* flh
SALES BY AUCTJEON. Sgigble Leasehold Estate, near rEing's-coa: heldunder Her Mfajestys Ecolesascal Commaslioners for England s"R. C0. WARTON is directed to SELL by AUC- 1PM TIOX, at theX3art,on Wedne3daY MArch 26,at12, inlive lots, FIVE rompact L,EASEHIOLD DWVE'llIGOUSES. Nos. 6 to 1D, Durhanm-terracea gar-town, King's-cross, each producing £E2 12s. per annum, adholeaatrseparateground rentsoz eo5for l5yearto come. Particulars at the Mart; at the Bell Tavern, Digscos f5 . Booth, Esq., solicitor, 51, Tavistock-square; and of Ar. C. Warton, 7, Union-court, Old Broad-street, removedfrom Threadneedoie-treet. Freehold Family Realdenos, with four acre3 of Meadow 1and, as Sines,Middlesex,within onehour of the citybyrailway, andwitbin a drive of Virgiia Water, Wmindsor-park, &e. C. WARTON is directed to SELL by AUC- t0., at the Mar, onWednesday. March 26, at 12 (unles an acceptable offer he previously made, a commodious FREEHOLD V3,LA, at Stainest known as ShortwooDd adapted for a respectable family, and cont'ing elght bed and dressig rooms, inin and draw. Ing roos, library, ou'.er and inner hall, servantse offioes, outbuildinga, atabling, aadfour acres of meadow land, laing compact, and abutting on the high road to Bedfont. Particulars may be had at the Bus Hotel, 8taines; the Castle. W dsor; King' Head, Egham; Swan, Chestsey; of S. 11. Asker. Esq., solicitor, Noriricis of MNessrs. Chaplin and Co., solicitors, 3, Gray's-inn-square;* of George }lenvma, E;q.. solicItc-r, 256, College-bill; at the Auction Mart; and of ML-. C.War.- (removed fromn Thrieadeedle-teet).*EincgOdBodtet To Speculative Publicans and others.-Hole-in-the-Wali Newcasl Taverem and Chophouse, 16L Feet-street. for absolute Sle' 1i,rRWHITTLE will SELL byAUCTION, on the jPremise on Monday, March 24, at2, the valuable Lease, vith the Fmrmiture, Fixtmues, and Effects (as per inventory), in one lot, of the TAVERN abovenamed, and Honse adjoining. Term abore 20 yea-s. Rent moderate. The house is licensed for mnsic. Being in a itate ntral itionn exceedingly profitable trade cn Dbe done f workedinacoordanre = ith the spiritofthetimes. Viewable. Particulars on the premises, and of the auctioneer, 45, Old-3treet,City-roail. Marsh Iland, Plmostad, Kent. n . ROB. ALLEN has received instructions to SELL byAUCTION,on Mondar, March 3L at 12, at theAuctiorn Mar , about 14a. 2r. 28p. of rich MARbSU LA-ND. with a saubtantiat barn and buildings, situate in the Abbey Level, at the end of the Church Manor-way, in the parish ofPmnsteadCose totheAbbey-wood Station,on the North KentEailway, abontll nifle3 frowa Louon, three miles froimnoolwicb, and the like distance from Erith. Immediate possession may be ha.0 For prticulars appl to J. Hayward. Esq. solicitor, Dartford, Kent ;or the auctioneer, 31oyley, near Foot's-cray Kent. ]?utney and Southwrk.-Leasehold Estatec, .uitable to Small (tpi- talis-ts. MB. LOLND wil SELL by AUCTION, at the Rea I,ion Inl, Putney. on Thursday, March 27. at 6 punctally. by direction of the Executor of M1r. James Thornton, deceased, in twre lots.acompact ESTATE of four houses eligibly situate, on the Upper Pidchond-road, Putney. near the Arab oy, and a short distance froox the railway station, let at rentals amounting to £53 per anmum; and a houseandshop,situateandbeinl19, Pleasant-place, St. Georgg's-road, Southhwarlk, let at a net rental of £012 per annum. May be viewed, and particulars had of :L D. Ward, Esq, solicitor, 1A, King's Bench-walk,c Temple; and of the auctioneer, 60, OYhancery-lane. inBankruptcy.--31. Friday-3treet. iM R. P. G2. DEBEN AltS has received instructions A1. from the Assigsnees of Josiah Joaeph Hatch to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, as abore, on Tuesday, April 1. at 12, the re- siuning STOCK in TADB of a FURRIER- comprisingmufEs, boas, cufrs, victorines, in sable. musquash, fitb, an& ermine, twro Crimeau foot bags, and caps, handsome badger-skin. wrapper, zebra skin, irom chest, counters, and snmdrymiscellaneous effects. Maybe viewed onrt themorningof sale. Catalogneshad onthe premises; of C.FFreeman, Fsq., solicitor, 11, Bucklersbury; of Chas, Lee. 3Eq., official assignee, 2D. Aldernanbury; and of Mr. Debenham, SO, Cheapside. U7xbridge, Middlesex.-Without reserve, by order of the Mortgagees oE W. C. Hardy a bsnmkrpt. SSRS. 3EER0 5na SON are instructed to NESELLby AUCTION, at the King's Arms Inn. on Thursday, Ma rch 27, at 2. TWO FtE1ROLID HOUSES with Gardens, in the Cleveland-road. Hillingdon; Four Leasehold houses-Elthorne-honsa (with stable, chaise-house, and garden), Falland-house (vith stable. chaisso-honse, and garden), O3bomne and Blandford houses (wfith front audback-,gardens); all1on a graveilyroil, and commnanding deligEhtu views. Further particulars may be bad of Win. Gardiner. Faq.. so'icdtor. andoS Heron and Son, auctioneers. Uxbrtdge, Middiesex. To small Capitalista.-Freehold Property, near the Minories, Docks. As., by order of the Executors of tbo late owner. B ROMLEY and SON are instructed by the Execti tos of the late Owner, to SELL by AIUC`ION, at the Auction. Mart, on Thursday, the 17th April next, at 12. in six lots, (unles a*n acceptable offer for the whole is made in themeantimej)KEEVEH FEEHOLD HOUS33S3, No. 3to13, in iuttle I'rescot-street, Goodnanbs-fields, let to yearbytenants, who pay all taxes; the whole formig a compact freehold estate, eligibly situate, in thevicinityoE the MNSint, Docks. k, producing a rental of £S2 per annum. Particulara to be bad at the place of sale; of Eu es. Kearsey, and asterman. solicitors, Bucklesbury: orof the auctioneer, ,17, Commerclal-roa,l east Final Sae or remaining Stock, India Matting Articles of Furnituar ness, . SjSSRS. MOORE and TEMPLE are directed by .43 Mr. Wmi. are, retiring, to SELby AUCTION, at No. , King. street, Cheapide, To-morrow, March9, atl 12, to clear the yremiaea6 severalPISCS of B3RUSSELS, Kidderminster, and Veneriass CAR PS,10 bordered hearthrogs, a s3tock of Snewhiteand coIredmndi, matting, 6-4, E-4, and 3-4, ontental china in 2i and 1S inch j ' s, bowls, plates, and ornamnents, iapned wrork itable and cabitnets dealsaid carved stems in ivcsS~, Spa shnahay framed sofa a setsofairs,Turkeycarpetand rug, bookcase, set of dining tabks. eight-ay dial, other ar-ticles. andsintehan requisites. View onM'Wedneday and morning of sale. Cataloues on the premises; aof Kedses Moore and Temple, auctioneers, 4. Blomfield-sret, city. Wlaltbamsto-IExcellent Furniture Out-door Articles, Pony, Cl=e. and Harness and Misellaneous Effects. M',JESSRS. HIUAPHEYS and WALLEN -sil -I SEL by AUCTION, on the Premises. near St. James's Church. on Thursday, bLarch 27, at 12 theR OUSEROLD EFFECTS; comprislng four-post and other bedsteads, good bedding. excelient wardrobe, and other usualchamber furniture; apedestal sideboard,dining tables, chairs, couches, i5:c,, oseood loo and card tables, chirnoer glass, kitchen requisites, ac., also the out-door erticiss. compri.i gates fencing, melon boxes, garden tools, a irsighin' machine and w eights, a Baker's patent mang le, and various items; ,asoaneat pony denaett and harnees. To be v.iewe on the m ornling of sale, Catalogues tobohad outhe psreise; attheinnS at WY*ithamtowr: and ot Messrs. Humphreys and Wllaen, 68, Old Ilroad-street, and Roenford. Household Furniture, Two Sets elegant Arnber Damask Window- Crtabins, Ohimmea Glasses Mahog Bookease, Eie* plateand, Plated Articles, isen, 400 Vols. o Bocks, Two Spanish Guitars and Effects. nrR . _BRAY, jun. Vill SELL, at 21, Old Bonil ustreet, To-morrow, &farch 20th, at 12, HOUSEHOLD PUR. N_TURE, comprising mahon, four-post, and iron bedsteads, and furnitare, mattresses, feather beds and Ocudinr, rose's-od wardrobe mahogany sad apruidchestseof drers,wasbotands, dressing tble-, glasses, too, ooccanonal sad other tables, cheffomiers, what-nets, se~ of chai, sofas, couches, easy chaeis, carpets, rugs, fenders and di.- irons, haU tab3l ana seat. six doi n pieces of cnUery, and kite A items, inc. My be lviewe the day prior to and morvnin of sle. and catalogue*s had at the roOm s,d SietMNr. Pray, jun,'s auction and estate agency offices 16 a, King's-road, Bedford-row. To Tavern and Bordlag-honsekeeper.o. and others.-Union Hlotal, 133, Salisb)ury-sqare, Eleet-street.-Capltat HIousehold Furniture, large Chfimney-glse, Patent Dining. Lco, Coffee Boom Tabi i,,Um Ap~ pendages of seven Bed Chamlbrs. China, Glass, Plteeattice Kitchen Utensils. and numerous Effect3. /jR. W. AYIETT will SELL by ACI'flGn ort the Premise, as aboe, THIS DAY March 19. at 11 ltela pulntualy, the capital modern ROUSlfHOUb FU_NI'i; esom posing ix mahogany Parisian and other bedaste aud furitaug, spring mattreEsse, wrool buds and mtresss Prisoany marble-tom Tvasnds and Stting, dresegtables & ches of drawe inagany chairs oaos, pattiitdiaiag, 1OD, and (oSh roOm tsble0, .leuiaxle and other carpets, lAtedgoods, kitchen requsitos, anq effCts. May be viewred one a rcdingthe sale. Catalogules nu. bo hadou Us 1rl3maSe;; Iult * bioute1r, 2, g{WKaXj yIerd-Q I _______~~~romt&%-1)=
