- DEATHS. On the lith r.lt., at the Bank House, Basseterre, St. MUitt, Weal Indies% of fever, Charles Canninghasm Jones, Req., after three day illnew, aged36 ; 3aso, after two dase' illness at the same place, on the 7th r.t., of fever, 3L=ry Wilhelmina, eldest chbldof the above, aged 7years and S months. On the 1d inst., at the Chatcan Hunandieres, ne3ar Le Mans, James Sanley Ireland, Esq., in the 76thyear of his age. On the Sd int., at 15, St. George's-place, Canterbury, Jane, second saughteriof the :ate ReY. SicholaxSimons. On the 2d int., atWestn-place, Molesworth-square, Seuthwark, aged M. Mr. John aikiu who was for more than half a century the rezectel warehouwemn of n&emrs. Matthew and Co., of 'Upper Thamen-street and their elaive and predecessor, Mr. Jame Snmith, of X9igh-steet-hillt On Tuesday, the th inst., after a few days' illness, Mfr. Charles O'Bryan, at his residence. lNo. 7, Ebury-street, Chester-square, many years connected *with Per Majestys Theatre and Theatre. Royal Italian Opera. * On the 5th irst, athis residence. Prebend-place, the Rev. Joseph Chanberlain, in the 78th year of his age. more than -0 of which were Vpent in the service of the Gospel, as the minister of Salem Chapel, Leicester. On the 5th inst., Alfed Batson, Esq., of Ramsbury. Wilts, in the V2d year of hbs age. On the 6th irst., at hichael's-grove, Brompton, Mrs. Mary Pearce, ror many years a resident of Old Cavendish-teet, Cavendish-square, aged17. On the 7th inst., at 109, Upper-street, Islington, deeplyregretted, Jane, the muck beloved wife of Ambrose Joy, aged 69. Her end was Ileace. On the 7th irst., at Grimston. Anas, wife of the Rev. A. Gilbort, lica.rof Binham Nforfolk. On the 8th inst., at 49, Chancery-lane, suddenly, of disease of the beast CharlesHoublon Grove, of the Chancery Bar, in the 4gth year of hiaage. youngest son of Joseph Grove, Esq., of 6, Urpper Seymourstreet west, Conrought-square. On the 9th inst., at 21ce, the lon. Thomas Iiddell, second son of the late Lord Bavexa worth. On the 9th in3t.. at Fasbury-place, Eliza, the beloved wife of Charlea hsplin, Eaq, of t Tilu-place, Esex, in her41styear. On the9thi33t., Edward PFahleL Eq., of Rlthan, Kent, in the 5Zth Fear of his age. On the 5th inst., at the residence of his brothermin-law, at Lee, Rent, aed 55, lMliat. Denison, E.sq., of 10, Portland-place; Wandsworth- On the 10th inet. at Camnberwellgrove, Lucy Ann, relict of the late AleUander 'Finay7 fsq,,of Glencors, 1X3., and daughter of the late James Jones, Esl., of Twickenham-park, in the Island of Jamaica. On the 10th inst., at the Hlermitage, Blackheath, Elizabeth, widow ef the late hr. Jimes Adam, of Paudding-lane, in her 57th year, having urviyedher husiSnd onlr one month. On the I0th inst., at Commerce House, Walworth-road, Sarah, wife 0f Mr. Joel TiMie, much beloved and deeplylamented, in her 72d year.
.PALIAMTTABRY LNTELLIGBNOE. HOUS3E OF LOMS, ThESDAY, IAXCH U.. The Earl of SHIFTESBURY resented peitiot! ,, s openingKpIaces of amusement on the Lord's day f tom,esWon. "super-Mare, M3ar, county of Somaerset; Berr'o and Bretn; £t. John's, Derby;Walton, We eyaiitfv ,rraers of Mlarch; E'ree Church, t>nock, Ayrshire; Bei,ulLarp St. Pa.ul, Ehirland; St.Relen's sEle of Wght; 3ortLandandSwansea. The Earl of DERBY, seeing tb'a noble. Secretary for the War Department in bi-, place ,roetas qetonf which he had given not'ce. Tn puttins that question he hoped he should be forgiver if he shoridle guilty of ary alight irregularity refernr, to vhatwa reported to have taken place in anotherplacr on the suectto Which he was about ta call the atfentia' Of the Rouse. Itwassaithat on Friday last the Clerk of the Ordna ae% in his pece in Parliaent, hy inovernrcnthad taknen tn c thelaare of nns, stated among other things, 'with resl)ct to tbe supply of'ardnance and artillery, t;iS t Goirnmet had e reason to complain ofs eo f the contractors to wham theyhad been comipelledX resorttfoo e they cdf allery; atn that more espoil.lly there vS ne iirm, 1fOtspified by the hon. gentlemEwa,whichbd a pliedano less'the five mortars in iwhich theae bad been a'qtetlreces of inn for the pur-^ pose of conoealingflaws i,..dhiha&occu ren the eLstint of the maotars. He I , 'qtiiia -sure :thWt their lordships would be-4f opinion tl ,,t'eesof this;nd should -not'te made urZess they wer a eb3%e&f £being tally and eritiroly substantiated, especi ay'ihenLtheyde±iweda double imyortance from beingma kifiiij~Pjlament Iy an officerof Ithe Government incha cs 4the depatiment having ar.eaprvision over theyarti rtes m quIstion. (Hear,~Iear.) On the other han' i, hebe%lieved thAt 'neir lordships 'would agree with bimi itthbiisg'that, Iif-each charges ecotld be substantiated, n, , pishmet couvldbe too great -for those who trifledcl in s ih- nunanerv,ith most sacred dt ties and exposedtheliv' e-ofutroopstoeiousdanger. (E[xr.)Their lordships wor .Id recoheet the excitement caused some time ago in conse' mvtzt6f a. charge brought in thir- lordship house by the rdalu 'dke, thenzSecretary of State for the War Dapa' meijt, :respecting frauds com6t~ed in the supply oT h 5y, tlnugl sgheequently it appeared that the actsreferi- adto!had'been-somewhat exaggerated. Nevertheless, ti .e csrgr excited; a considerable degree of attention, thoa igh t'a!eserions-censequences likely to result from tl,ose fr auds 'were 'cormparatvely smal "wrhen compared 'ith th, )se ijirly to f6low by frauds in the,manufacture of heavys rtaorynndmoktarE uponwhich theowhole operations of 'wa r depsended. 'If these frauds s',hich had been descri' bed bad been 'cenmitted, they, not only rendered these niortarsentirelyunfitfor the publi;: service, but made ther a a so,=e of imnilaent danger to the troops, and all he "scou Id ad&dY*sthat, tiDtheybad ben committed, the parties tself. -e thoukhtlht these charges' having beenpnblicly mnade, hesras entitled to ask whether the Secretary of Statefor the Warfiepattincnt was prepared this place to reaffirm and substantiate-them. In the next place he thought it not unreasonm%ie,;if the charges could be substantiated, that the firm gilty -of- such-s gross 'violation of duty should be named. This"was due for the purpose of justice not only in res.vto that -firm, ubut also mn respect to all other firms, which might otherwise be- exposed to suspicion. Therefore the 'first -qurstion he !had to ask was, whether it 'was t. e'tbat;mortas-had been supplied to the Government by one 6f the contractors,' in-*hich pieces of iron had been let in'fot the-purTose of concealing flaws in the casting of those mortars, which 'flaws :must of course have been linoton to 'the parties ? The next question was, who were 'the 'parties 'guilty -6f this misconduct? Bat he m<;n ;go ;a little further. "Whatever advantages in ot'heri respects-might attach *to the contract system, it was e&lyopen'to this objection-that it was subjectkmore than y- other-system to fraud end abuse. They mihtvery often''find that, when they thought they were applying to the' chapest maiket, they were buying in the dearest, in consequence of-the infeiiority of the articlee supplied, and there-ws no-system #hich more required, particularly as to a Aatte of: such iinportance as the supply of ordnance, a eartfil aid accurate supervision on the part of the authorities. 'Ee thought a-fraud of such a character as tnis could t for-en -single moment escape detection, as it appeared to have been -such-thangling-operntion; but if any fraud of ftbesoithad been perpetrated, he wfished to know when it ba&beeiriiscovered, and by whom; Ewhether any of such c,tw.v utA £U< Xt Ijitl.: biC U1U OX bO eiroops anal nvnhtlierthe Govermnent had taken steps for bringing to conaign punishment ad the-parties gailty of the fraud? ' a-dP'A?'MURB quite agreed with the noble lord that a fraud of this description was one which, in the first place, could not be passed over without a strict investigation, and, in the nest place, if found to exist, without the parties connuittng it being named. He was sorry to say that there -were too good grounds for the statement made by his right hon. friend in. the Hiouse of Commons on this subject. The statemnentwas to the effect that certai- mortars ordered tinder contract from a certain firm had been delivered in an imperfett-state, and were found to have been tampered wth inorder that they might pass the supervision of the proper - authorities. He must, in the first instance, state that no danger had accraed from the circumstance to any of Her Majesty's troops, as no mortars, at far ad he had learned, were known to have passed through the revision and investibation of the authorities, and after'-rards- to' have been found in any way incomplete. Bat, with respect to these five mortars, on Thursday last an experiment took place, and the result of that experiment induced his right hon. friend to make the matter publicly Iinown on Friday. These five mortars were, as he (Lord Yanmure)! had learned, part of a contract entered into bythe house' of Messrs. Gri-sell (Regent's Canal Iron Works). 'Two of the mortars stood the proof at Woolwich Arsenal, and wereafterwards-sent down to Shoeburyness to undergo a third proof before being placed in store for the use of the service. i One of them burst after the 10th round had been fired, and this led to the detection, behind the breech, of a piece of: matal screwed into thb m,i,+.- o + :al-I =-..x tu urier to cover a naw which had previously been removed. 'He could assure the noble earl, who thought that a fraud of this kind could scarcely be committed vwithout immediate detection, that the piece of metal had been let in -with such skill that the most -igilant, eye might well have failed to detect it. The result of the experiment upon this mortar led to the immediate e xamination of the -other, and in that also a piece of metal was found to havo been inserted very nearly at the -came part. A third mortar had already been rejected, flaws -f the same nature having been detected upon the base by the authorities. at Woolwieh Arsenal. Similar flaws were -iso found upon the base of the fourth; and the fifth cithough no 'faws were discovered in it, burst altogether during the experiment, having been manufactured fro. material altogether unfitted for the service for --- lu --was - maconea e arms was the state of the case upon Thursday. Tne result of what had taken -uace-was3. of. coursse,- first, the rejection of the mortars, end, -secondly, the erasure of the fwnn which had supplied them from the' list of those with which contracts api'ht,in future be enteredlinto bythe Government: but he haa not yet been able to ascertain whether the Gov%enment *ad powet to take.legal proceedings against it. His right hon friende.hd. mentionedthis circumstance not as a reason 'why the Government should establish a foundry of its own, -but. as. a justification of the Government in having taken that step. HEe thought itwould have been weU if Governmnent.had taken that step. some time ago, although he was mot prepared .to say that-they. ought to become entirely their owumanufaoturers eitherof mortars and greatgunsorof small nrms; They oughtj to a certain extent, to be independent of trade, but. also to be in. a.position to enter into contracts; t.ey opght to beable.to keep pace with trade, and to make themselves acquainted -with the improvements going on outside their own manufactory, as well as to discover improvesnnts within-it. 'The intention of the Government was to establish -a foundry in which they might cast their own mortars, manufacture their own heavy armaments, and test thre material uned in that.manufacture, in order to ascertain whether it;vas fit for -the purpose for which it was intended wAthout . putting every mortar and gun to the very 3-a i- a to which -it was now subjected. There was now . mo method of testing a -mortar but that of firing itzq-.pny times. -They hoped -to be able to test the materail of which their mortars were made and, by trying, say one nortar out of 20, until it burst, so as to be able .to trust the -.other ;T'9 -vithout fut'her trial. The present systpxionfesting .was. very. difficult -with regard to many artfclc beeldeilare guns. An anchor might appear, upon being taaed,c -to, %e perfictly sound, and yet might give way .at ta -first -strain .afterwards made upon it. He ho0ghi :.his roble . fictnd .was quite justified in demanding that th -names.of the contractors vho had comngitied this frauad .should- be given up, and that they shouidaat .agamn be emeoyedc-by ithe Government, but he had nohyatbcemtinfornAd wheth there was any means of visiting 1pon dihem the,. crime. 4f which keny had been guilty. VNI, hOwever,.made th statement with regard to themi4fiefelt his duty;to add thbt the Gover-nment had no gromutwlatever of, cd laintiwifeL regard t6 the other two finnst,--ithwbie-h thev--A deaft-urinrn tl- a +.,- q- 1jam e 01 .wjose ,rns were :lessrs. lIood, ..of jtowmoor Works, and Messrs. Walk-er,.ef GoepekOak Foum4ry; both of them hacisnpplieds3veral xr4ietjes 4f heavy wnament for the use of theserviee, vwith 7 hichthe.Governmet were lrerfectIjrsatiWed. ]ie would csly observm, in concluIsion, thatheOPEd tar th at.pret cxistpould before long be attahied with .7re=rd to-tie mnateriAl from which mortars rvere manufactured The Earl of DERBY bad learnt with greatrxgret thotAhe idatemnent made bv the eesk ofItheOrdnance.,ould bes:ba' antiated. The ;obie lord&.s utimettwas isfactory.s far as it wenti but it would be 3nore saisfactory if he wo4l Eay that he woiild in{uire Whether a law existedidzt er whkcj he.could proteed aganst -these contractoso, and, if sucha. law, ud exist, that he rould put it in foree. I Lorn PFAN URE gaid, inquiries into Ube quest tmu were'! heing,v4ade. -_ The FXuject;then dIropped. IOats .1,200,n000 932,994 .. 9662 ".STOCE. 1hr. M'CIoch's Ascertained results from le- Estimate. Port Of Scotch beturns. Cattle ... 0 1,065340 ... 1,104,2o5 Sheep and lambs ... 3,5Wn,000 ... 4,936,667 ... 5,8441,3v2 Mr. MCullochs return of Irih agricultural produce in his Cewer,ncial Dictionary was - 1 2847. ~~~~1847. 1dImhllochb teturns of constabulary. Acres. Acres. Wheat ... ... 450,000 743,871 Barley ... ... 400,000 283,587 Oats ... .. . 2,500,000 2,200,870 Potatoes ... ... 2,000,000 284,006 He did not impute any blame to Mr. MCulloch, because he had no means of correcting his calculations. Earliament had already thought it desirable to obtain these statistics from Ireland and Scotland, but their lordships would see how much more important it was to obtain this information from the whole of.England, when he mentioned that the produce of wheat in the county of Norfolk, according to Sir J. Walsham's estimate, was more than the wheat produce of the whole of Scotland:- B3u5heiln " Norfolk ... ... 6,139,872 Ditto in Scotland ... .... ... 4,848,499 "Excess of Norfolk over all Scotland ... 1,291,373 acreage of Wheat.-Norfolk, 202,91; Scotland, 168,216; Suffolk, 138,277." Th se being the reasons why these returns were desirable, let him call their lordsbips' attention to what had been done for obtaining them. In 1847 an attempt wass made for the first time n Ireland to obtain accurate agricultural statistics, and the Registrar-General obtained authority to place himself in communicationwith that excellent and efficientforce, the ITish constabulary. Returns were obtained from that body, and the attempt was crowned with coSplete success. In Scotland the first attempt was made in 1u3, when a comunicationuwas receivedfromthe Hhland Agricultural Society by the Board of Trade, urging the importance of obtaining this information, and offerIdg their assistance and co-operation. Returns were consequently obtained from three counties-Haddington, Roxburgh, andi Sutherland; and the attemptwassosuccessfuithat the inquiry wazs subsequently e.xtended through the whole of ScotIand. The informathon with respect to Scotland and Irelaud was ample and satisfactory. Was it to be said, thenu that England alone remained without any effort to obtain the knowledge which was so readily obtained in other countries? Was the English farmer so far. behind the farmer of Scotland or Ireland that he could not be persuaded to seek the advantages to be derived from these valuable statistics? Was -England to be the only country in the civilized world which did not possess returns that in France, in Belgium, in Holland-nay, even in Russia itself-were collected in the most minute details ? In 1853 some attempt wras made to obtain information, and the machinery thought most suitable for the purpose was the Poor Law Board-a central body, having at its head a responsible hlinister of the Crown, efficient and intelligent inspectors all over +IA 'AX1riE ,,niiv,, clerks of each nn, nd. dians, who were themselves farmers, and could there. fore check the returns by their own personal knowledge. The attempt was madeintwo counties-Norfolk and Hamp. shire. In N~orfolk the result was very satisfactory. . In Hampshire it was not so satisfactory, there being great indisposition on the part of the farmes in that county to give the required information. An impression seemed to prevail among many farmers that it was an inquisitorial attempt to arrive at a knowledge of their affairs, which would be used hereafter, either by the Government for the purpose of increasing taxation, or by the landlords, for the purpose of raising their rents. No person of sound sense could for a moment think that any informnaton obtained bythe Government by such means would be likey to lead to any such result, and the landlord who did uot now possess a correct knowledge of ` 4`f 01 ouiuvaTIon anaL ine amount of stock upon his farms must either be very ignorant himself, or be very ilM served by his steward. in the following year a larger attenmpt was made, and returns were obtained from 11 counties. It wae not so successful as in Ncrfoll4 but it could not be said to be unsuccessfuL The failures to obtain returns in the U1 counties was 11 per cent. In Norfolk the failures did not exceed 2' per cent., including three unions which gave no returns whatever. The reports of the Poor Law inspectors deserved their lordships' attention. The inspectors, with hardly an exception, reported that the mnachinery of the Poor Law Board was -well adapted for the purpose, and they were unanimously of opinion that it was useless to attempt to obtain agricultural statistics without compulsory owers to enforce a penalty for declining to fill up tae returns. Evidence to the same effect was given before a select committee of their Iordships' House, to whom the matter was referred in 1855, fand that evidence induced the committee to recommend that compulsory powers should be obtained. The principlo upon WhiCh it was proposed to employcompulsory powers was the same as in the Census Act. It was believed that the existence of those powers would be quite suffcie.t, to prevent' the necessity of putting them in force. No ono would refuse to do that which he was required to do bylaw. Indeed, many of those who now refused to give returns did so because their neighbours refused, and nlot because thoy themselves had any objection. If a law were passed maling it compuLsory, he was quito sure the information would be obtained without difaculty, without grumbling, and without enforcing any penalty. The committee to which he had xeferred unanimously concurred in recommending that the Board of Trade should be intrusted with the general superintendence of the collection of the statistics through the medium of the Poor Law machinery; that compulsory powers should be given; that two classes of returns should be anuuaUy obtained, the fxst containing facts and the second estimates ; and that the facts should consist of returns of live stock and of the acreage under each description of crop, while the estimates should consist of estimates of the produce of the harvest. They also recommended that the inquiries should not extend below holdings of two acres, and that it was desirable the Government should introduce a bill as eaily as possible to carry their recommendations into effect. These being the grounds upon which hn ankslA +t,-h^i --- - bUUUtLU £luullg 1o 'ClUS DllO , he would shortly state if pro. visions. The provisions e were :-Tha_t in the month of l?ebruary, in eterz year, the overseers of each parish should send to the roor Law Board returns of everg occupier and the extent of his occupation; that schedules having been issued in May, they should be filled up on the ist of June with every information, under the different heads of acreae, description of land tilled, amount of stock, &c.; and that these schedules should be returned to the Poor Iaw Board, where theY would Lce arranged in order accordingtothe jcounties,previouslytobeinghandedovertot,heB3oardofErade. Iu order to carry out that arrangement, a coLmpulsory power was given, and any person declining to fill up a schedule could be summoned before a justice of the peace, who could inflict a fine, and appoint a person to enter upon the pre. anises of the recusant to make a valuation of the stock and groduce of the farmn. There were two classesof penalties .n the bill-fines of 51. and fines not exceedinig40s. The lqger fine Ivas to be imnosed unnn nffior1- -rn ;:1 mn4e perfor`nance of the duties assigned to them-,oVerseer and otheM puiblc officers. The oiler class of fines not exee$ing 40s. was to be levied by magistrates Xpon persons who =fused to comply with the requiren-ments of tie law, and the pr aeeds were to be applied in aid of the poor-rates of the paek-z in which: the offence was committed. NW-h regard to an estimaate; it h. ad not been deemed advisable to maike that compz1sory, bu$ it would be left to the officer of the Boor Law> koard to *'raame an estimLate in the }ode they xright think lnost ex nedient. It was not intended that faxniers shosjld be r, quired in June to send in an acconnt of the produce of their land, - but only of the acreage and the varion. descriptions of cropsiithwbieh it wag sowII. With re -ard to the estimate which would be framed after the ha rvest, that avould be obtained by carefully testing the qualit v of the arops in each district aiid then striking an average, iv. iich would be a fair criterion of the produce of the whole couns trY. These, however, were matters for subsequent arrangeme lt, and considerable lati. tude had purposely beeni left in tlis bill in order that any alterations might be adopted-which e xperience miiht recoim mnepd. In employing the snachine.U' Of the Poor Lawr Bcurd it was not intended that the boaA+ in$ London should call nyon its variouls agents in tb09 ceusitay to pesfexmn those h3RICULTURAL STATISTICS BIL;. - Lotd .STS2N EY of ALDEELEY, who rose to xrve the second .f .'aig of this bill, said it was unnecessary to point out thpj,'portance of obtaining general statistics upmr the subject of 'Ariculture in order to arrive at a kuowledgw of the progress j,2iich the country-had made. The fearnze were more likely*z be benefitted by this information than any other dassof tb.s community. iHe wished, upon this nuyject, to read. to t:r lordships an extract from an article written by a most Xitelligcnt gentleman, Mr. Hoskynr, in the d'ezu;-,l of thze Ropb.l Alcu1turcd Society:- 'It is not quite ten vears ago since a circumstance occurred in the corn trade of eihis country calculated to awaken even the moat unobservant to this question. No Mark-lane rlrophet had foretold it; nor ca'x it Ie said that any of that more abundant ment elernen in all communities-the iVculty of after-wisdom-essayed to turrn it to much account. yet such an event had happened fa the fron trade, or in the cotton-market of Uiyrrpool or ilanchlester, we will hazard the assertion that it wonld not have beenu suffered to .iss by as a mere phenomenon of the year, wit.'tout being iaproved to fituj;e use. It was this:c-Duringv the six' weeks immediately followring the haawest of the yesn 846, fsom the mddit d .A;Xugus tD thi cjrJ ,pJ ,eptember;4hs ..~~~~~~~ J t 'MVerage price of whcat was 4Ms. 2d., the lowest ,oint toV61hedbeiag 45s. Id. After some impr,vement i'_the followi tn&,rmth it fell in by the enud otd ovew'.,er to 50s by whi n time most of that large, but we ho5se not increasing'zass who thxtsh oKtt this year's corn topay last halfyeat's rent-4'hatclass, whom the Ml-rk.lane phraseology cruelly dist*;3uishes as 'needy seUe;s>the same class (for so unhappir lt ever is) who IcafiI' at see what good agricultural Etistics are to do,'had turned their little stock into cashand the cash over to ther,s randlords. The year had no ~ser died eut than tihe Sqtoms of a scarcity began to. manifest themselves, Wh.ch in the course of six months bronght the prico -of wheat, the produce of that; same harvest (and 'in spite of an importation of upwards of 4,500,W, quarters of wheat alone), to the extraordinary P'ice of 102s. 5d. per quarter. Here was a prom3n'Int and melancholy instance of that law so quaintly eraressed in the adage that tells us ' the weakest gtto the wiL Taling the actualvalue of the whole wheat' crop of t.hr.t year as fairly, at any rate approximately, indicated inthe sum of the weekly averages of the Gazee from harvifto harvest, the small farmer who came early into waaaiRd with his crop lost about 27s. on every quarter of whe* sold-a surm, which at the rate of four quarters to the acre, exceeded the whole cost of the Eallow. Supposing his ,oil&cnark of wheat about 20 acres, his rent about 2001. a- .'yea, he sacrificed the full amount of the half-year's rent he was selling to meet. This is paying at a dear rate for the 'cnjoyment of that kind of gambling which subsists solely upon ignorance, but whEich wo'd, like a bet, lose even the element of fairness, would be slot even jusifiable, if certain existing faWcts were known 'w,ich might be Imown, and whichit is to be hapedsoon.iE~be known, equally to rich-and poor, eqully to thelale ausd-small farmer. Itis to thelatter, the man who cannot sflbrd to wait the turns of the market, that the sttisaical.esirrtate of the comiing prices-cf the year, based not upon guesswork, but upon the ascertained facts of the harvest, woud be most pre-eminently serviceable. The loss ever of- laew shilling3 6-quarter, when examined and duly multi*d, is a far more serious loss than meets the ear." These remarks were so true, so just, and so conclusive of the advantage and importance of this information that he hoped vwe should hoar no more of the injury doue to the farmer by the intemention of a bill like the present. (Hear.) If it were desirable to have the information in question, it was, of course, requisite that it should be accurate. The most trustworthy information we had hitherto possessed was contained in Mr. Mil'Culloch's CommerciaV DictioflasJ and this information, so far as it related to Scotland and IreLand, he had tested by the returns of the Highland Society and the Lish constabulary, iwith the followfing result . 31r. !d'Csloch's Ascertainedresults from Be- stilmate. port of Scotch Returns. Acres. Acres. Acres. Wheat ... ... 85, ... 18,216 ... 191,31 new duties if it should be objected to -by them. The board miGht employ the clerks of the unions, the overseers, reliev-- irg-officers,. and guardians of the poor if it thought fit, but if there should be any reluctance on the part of those local functionaries to undertake the duties, the board would have power to' employ any persons vrhom it might consider qualified for the task. The Earl of TW ESBURY.-Will those persons bc paid? Lord'STANL,EY of ALDERLEY.-They will be paid by the Poor Law Board. The Earl of MALMESBURY.-Froin what fund ? Lord STANLEY of AIADEBIEY.-By a vote of ?.arrja. ment. In the 12th clause of the bill there was a FPovision for the allowance of expenses, and any expenditv lie which m-ight occur would be defrayed from a sum to be4 voted by F1arliament. Havin- stated the chief provisior.8 of the bill and 'the reasons for its introduction, he now .kted their lordships to assent to the second&reading, believi,ng, as he did, the object sought to be attained .was of great 'tportance to the vous try at large, and that it w ould ,onfer great benefits upon all classes of the comnmunity2-especially upon the farmers 4nd agricultusrists of Great Britan. (Hear, hear.) The no1he lord then moved th3t the bill be read a second time.- Visount DUNGA1NON thought some other mems could be -devised for procuring information upon a subject :of such great importance than those contained in the bill mow before the House, which he could not but regard -as most arbitrary and inquisitoriaL The plan proposed would, he feared, tend to destroy thit independence of character which had hitherto distinguished the British faamer, and which he wished to see preserved. He confessed, as a landlord,' he should deeply regret to see his tenants exposed to the operation of such a measure as the present. Compulsory means were not the best for obtaining information, and the proposition was to call on a man to publish his prnvate affairs to all the world. It would be easy to call for a general return of all the cattle in the kingdom and of all the grain grown-information which could beobtainedwith. out resorting to the means now proposed. Such information could be collected in various districts, and a pretty accurate calculation could be arrived at of the average produce of the country. Hie hoped that some time would be allowed to elapse before going into committee upon the bill, in order that farmers might have an opportunity of considering its provisions. The bill had only beenprinted on Saturday, and was now brought on for second reading in a somewhat hurried and hasty manner. The Earl of DERBY.-If I shared in any degree the apprehensions of the noble viscount who has just addressed us I should feel it my duty, not only to comment upon the bill now before us, but also to oppose its second reading; for it appears to me that the objections he has raised refer to the whole principle of the measure, and not to its machinery. I cannot but fTar that the observations he has made will Ten to Increase raTner znan ainmnnn tne Jealousy wtlth which he expects the measuro will be viewed by some classes. (Hear, hear.) I havebeen foralongtime fully satisfied of the great importance-to the farmer more especially (hear, hear),-.of obtaining, as far as possible, Accurate statistics of agricultural produce. (Hear, ear.) I ventureda few days' after I had the honour of taklng otfice in 1852 to write, at considerable length, to my noble friend the Duke of Richmond, urging upon him the great importance of obtaining accurate agricultural statistics, and pressing him to use all the great influence which he Keservedly possesses with the various societies throughout the country, in order that by.their intervention the fanners might be induced voluntarily to give the information which was required, and I undertook for the Government to t ve an assistance in its power. I mention this to prove tis not no for the first time, nor solely from havin( read the report of the committee which sat last year, an the report of the commissioners of 1854, that I come to the conclusion that the obtaining of accurate agricultural statistics is a matter of extreme importance to every one, and to none more so than to the agriculturists themselves. (Hear, hear.) I must confess, too, that, upon readin. the evidence given last year before the committee, I have arrived at the conclusion that if we are to obtain such information in 3ngland it must be obtained compulsorily. (Hear.) I enirely concur with the opinion expressed by many of the witnesses, that farmes would rather give the required information upon compulsion, and in obedience to the law to which all are egually subject, than to give it voluntarily, without knowvngwhetherthe same information would be extractedfrom their neighbours. My lords, I admit in the frst place that it is of the greatest importance we should obtain these agricultural statistics; and, in the next place, in order to meet the dissatisfaction ofthe farmers themselves, that some compulsory process must be resorted to. Mfy noble friend behind me says that a degradation would be inflicted upon the farmer if he were required to make a return of his stock and produce. I confess, my lords, I see no degradation inflicted on any farmer or occupier of land in requiring him to make a return of what itis obvious. may be ascertained by any of his neighbours by the slightest inspection, and a knowledge of which his landlord may obtain sending round his steward; or which may be known merely by ascertaining whether the tenant has observed the rotation of crops prescribed by his lease. AMd cerainly, my lords, of the tvo modes,-whether the statement shall be made by the farmer, or for him-it must be much more satisfactory to his own mind that, if a statement must be made at all, it should be made by himself. Then, my lords, what force is there in the objection that the farmer will be required to make an exposure of his private affairs? What is it that he will be called upon to state? He will not be required to make any disclosure of his private affairs, but merely to set forth the number of acres under cultivationhow many for wheat, how many for barley, how many for oats, and so on with respect to other descriptions of produce. I must, however, observe that it appears to me the number of colunins required to be filled up m the returns are unne.- csarily numerous, and that for all practical purposes several of the items specified in distinct columns may be ineluded in one column. For instance, mangold wurzel, beet root, carrots, parsnips, cabbages, and vetches may well be :0ssed-under the head of green crops; wlile flax, rape, meadow and clover, and Other pra..o for mowi : ,my come under another head. To specify' a great number of classes of produce would, in the first piace, be useless for al practical purposes, and, in the_next.place, would c'erfainly tend to confase the farmer's mind and disincline him to fill up the various columns of the return Then, with regard to the return of ' stock; it has been ob. ected that to require a farmer to state the number of cattle ne possesses,may beob]iainghimtomake adisclosureinjurious to his interest. But I see no such consequence possible to resultfrom anyreturn amanmay at any giventime make. For example, I wiU put a case:-I have a large park, and I take in a considerable number of head of cattle to pasture. In my return I should include that number of cattle, while, on the other hand, the tenant would only return the number of cattle which he had actually grazing on his own land. TITe LmaLy tuerelore only inaxe a return ot a) or 25 head of cattle, when, in -point of fact, he mnay have 50 or 60 grazing on mny pasture. It is impossible that any such, disclere can operate injariously to the farmner, as it reveals nothing withre'xpect to his owrnprivate suddomesticcircmunstances. To be called on, therefore, to make such a return I cannot conceive to be in the slightest degree degrading; or that it affords a suf{icient ground for that jealouy entertained by the farmers, and which It ought to~ be the objh~ect of your lordships and all pezsons interested in agriculture rather to allay by reason than to excite by fear. The object of the Government must be to obtain the most full and accurate returns, and in the most economical manner; at the same time, in away that would be most satisfactory to the feelings of the farmers themselves. Looking at the matter in these two points-of view, I tnink that the proposition to obtain the return through the medium of the Poor Law Board is not the most desirable course; In the first place, it is a businesswhich does not properly'belong to them, and which would withdraw them from their legitimate province. In the neit place, I do not think the machinery of a Poor Law Board is the most popular or satisfactory process for collecting statistics of this nature. If I might suggest a mode by which the information required may be obtained, I would ask whether it would not be moreadvantageous and unobjectionable to adopt the petty sessions as the medium ratherthanthelPoorLawBoard? If blank returns were funished to the magistrates at quarter sessions they could distribute them to the magistrates sitting in petty sessions, -who in their several districts would possess complete control over the overseers, by whom the i'normation might be obtained from the farmers more easily and with less dissatisfactionthanitcouldbeobtainedbythePoorLawBoard. Inadoptingthis modethe maistrates themselveswould bemore likely to give their individual assistance, inasmuch as they would feel personally interested in collecting the returns. In referring again to the apprehension that these statistical returns mayunnecessarilyexpose the private circumstances of individuals, I beg to point out why I think any such fear to be wholly unfounded. Let us supnose the petty sessions to have received all the retumrs of the district, including, we will say, the return of John Jackson and William Johnson. Having ascertained that all the returns had been sent in, it would eperfectly competent for the petty sessions to sua ,in fhp -J-bP Af -.p -4 f -I.A"sA -t ---^A L ticular individual, hut of what are occupiedri the sessional district, and appropfiated to one description of produce. An abstract ra this form might be so made up by the magistrates in petty sessions, and then returned to the quarter sessions, and from which a summary might be made by the magistrates in quarter sessions of the amount of each description of stock and crop in the countv at large. AU that it is desirable to know is, not what particular number of sheep there may be in Scotland at one period of the year, and in England at another period of the year, but what is the amount of meat for consumpMon in the country at large. So with regard to the eraEs, oYe do not want to know the amaount of the crops in tancashire, or Norfolk, or Sussex. The first thing we want to know is what breadth of land has been sown throughout -the country of all descriptions of crops. With a fiew.to obtain that information wemust remove the prejudice that now prevails in the mind of the farner, by convincing hin that in seeking this information we are really desirous of promoting his own interest, and that it will e advantageous rather than injurious to him. (Hear, bear.) So firmly am I persuaded that such will be the result of these statistical returns that my best influence shall be exerted to do away -with the feeling that at presenb prevails among the farmers as to what is the intention of your lordships in requiring this information. Lam certain the farmers fancy that it is some project on the part of the Governmentwith a viewto increase taxation, or at least a scheme on the part of their landlords for the purpoce of raising the amount of their rents. Nothing, therefcre, is more important than to dissipate these misapprehesions by calm reasoning and every means of persuasion. But-it is, at the same time, desirable -that the measures,oS the Government should be so framed as tb afford the kast possible ground for men cherishingthesunfoanded a rehensions, and that thosemeasuresshoult be such ae wilt ia a few years dspel all those prejudices that now inflneace the mind oi'- the fanner on this subject. (Hear, hear.) -I do not sse any provision laid down with regard to the estimate to be made as to the Uobable tlue of the yield of - the harvest. I think Her Majesty's. Government will agree with mo that the amount of the estima^ted vglgxo f th cr.ops is bardly a subject yroper to -b left to. the dec-w of aloor Law boar. thik't -would be better t j leve each magistrate in fres ov;ndi.riCt to ascertain '.ne value of the crops from th arnrsdemselves. Af!.,er what I have said, of course I tall not :opposo the .second reading of the bilL On eC%ntrery,: I tInk the object it has in view is e%e highly: advantageous to the sgricultural interest Of this country. It is necessary that returns should be ' Jbteined uniformly, and, if uniformly, then it must be compulsorily; and if I object to themode proposed to be employed in obtaining those returns, that is an objection~which the Government may fully consider, and while doing so they would not only be promoting agriculture themselves, but would be givin to the countr- gentlemen an opportunity of informing themselves on tie subject, which, when once thoroughly understooa by them, though now supposed to be an unpopular measure, -ill, I am convinced, receive their cordial support. (Cheers.) Lord WYNEOItD complained of the apparent disposition to press-harder as regardedthese returns upon dairy farmers than upon other e1asses of agriculturists. Lord COLCRESTER, as a member of the committee which had sat to inquire into this subject-a committee formed from among their lordships in the most impartial manner-felt himself bound to support the principle of this bilL Almost every one was agreed as to the importance of ascertaining the quantity-of stock throughout the country, as well as an estimate of what the extent of.land under cultivation would produce, and he did not see how the powers whlich were necessary to procure such information as this couldl be regarded as inquisitoriaL The noble earl (of Derby) thought it would be more desirable to procure the required information through the quarter and petty sessions than, as suggested in the bill, bymeans of the PoorLaw Commissioners and the boards of guardians. That point came under the consideration of the committee, but they had arrived almost !unanimously at the conclusion that the machinery of the Poor Law Commissioners would be more likely than any other to carry out this scheme effectively; When the noble earl said that by intrusting the collection of these statistics to the petty sessions you would interest the country magistrates in the success of the measure and have the advantage of their co-operation and influence, it must be remembered that-at least this was the case in the part of the country with which he was connectedthe mag",istrates were very often members of the boards of guardians; so that this advantage would still be experienced under the present scheme. The details of the bill might be properlyreserved for consideration in committee, but he meaourdnothe. now expressing his general approbation of the ord STAILEY of ALDERIEY expressed the great satisfaction-with whichhe had heard the generalconcurrence of their lordships in the principle of this bill. To enable it to be carried out successfully, it must receive the support andco-operation of thoseonwhom the farmers relied, and he was, therefore, glad to perceive in that house a general approval of the measure and desire that it should work welf. - Scotlandthe Eighland Society took this matter up, and by theireco-operation valuable statistics were collected throughoult the country, the farmers feeling that the information they afforded was given to a friendly body, and that noimuroper advantage would be taken of it. In England, however, the Government had found it impossible to avail themselves of a similar machinery, for, on communicating with the Royal Agriculturul Association, it appeared there was a standing rule which forbade that association to interfere in any m ay with politics, and the council considered this question to have a political bearing. With regard to whether the returns should be collected through the Poor Law Board or the petty sessions, he certaindy thoujght it a recommendation of the machinery now proposed that it had been already tried with partial success, and that it hadbeen recommended by the committee of their lordships' House. It was only in cases where the boards of guardians and Poor Law officers were willing to give their assistance that their services were to be made use of; should they be indisposed to render assistance other machinery was to be made available and other persons were to be employed. These, however, were points for consideration in committee. He did not wish to press the measure forward with any undue haste; their lordships would have ample time to consider its details during the recess; but at the same time he trusted they would agree with him in thinking it desirable that the bill should pass into a law as soon as possible, so that information might be procured on this subject even in the present year. (Hear, hear.) The Earl of ELLENBOROUGIIH-I am quite sure that this bill will be unpopular to the last degree, and that its orling will be altogether impeded by the resistance of those who will be required to sign the schedules unless they are absolutely certain that there will be complete secresy as to the returns. (Hear.) It is absolutely necessary thatthese returnsshouldnotbeseenbythe boardof guardiansor by the petty sessions, and that they should be sent directly UP to London. (Hear, hear.) This is a bill of the political economists. I don't say it is a bad bill; on the contrary, the information which it seeks to obtain is of the greatest imyorlance; but it wvill be considered by the farmers as a landlords' bill-a measure to obtain fvr the landlord information which will enable him to see into the circumstances of each individual farmer, and to raise his rent, if necessary. That willbe the character of the bill, and you will only lead the farmers to think otherwise by providing absolutely for secresy. I confess, too, from what little I know of the farmers as a body, I am afraid there will be another difficulty, and that they will fail altogether in maliiig these returns. They will besobotheredbyhaving every gear to fill up these schedules under different heads that I feel confident they will failto do so, and will be exposed to the penalties in that case provided not at all from'a desire to resist the law, but from sheer inability to comply with it. I should recommend, therefore, that there be two schedules-one relating to the cultivation of 'the amble land, and another to the stock. Ib must be recollected that, generaly speakidn, farmers vwite remarkably badly indeed. I question if the best farmer I ever knew could do mucn more than write his own name, and I believe that on that account much practical difficulty will be ex.perienced. I believe that if you afford the farmers ample time for vriting and for correction, and, att the same time insure them qacresy, these returns may be made in something like a satisfactory mannaer - but, if not, the unpopularity of. the measure will entirely impede its satisfactory operation. The Earl of HARDWICKE quite agreed withthe opinion of his noble friend as regarded the necessity of secresy. It was well known that farmers were more jealous of the state and condition of their holdings being known among each other thai of their being known by other persons. For his own part, he objected to the boards of guardians being made the medium for collecting these statistics, and believed that th county magistrates wyould he the best persons to examine the papers and send a compilation of them to the Board of Trade. That was not, of course, the proper time for discussing matters of detail, but he believed that the unnooul aritv of the R nes,- ., .i, . rR wr 1Y EAAU_] the board of guardians being made the medium of collectinx those- statstics. The, bill was then read a second time. RINMAME MUTY BILL. On the mnotion for the second reading of this bill, The Earl of ELLENTBOROUGH wished to ask the noble lord the Secretary for War whether there was any practical reason why the army estimates should not be made out, as regarded the number of men, in the same way as the navy estimates ?- At the end of the year it was easily ascertainable what had been the precise effective strength of the navy in number of men during each month of the year; and not only was that not the case as regarded the army, but, in [point of fact, the army estimates were drawn up in such a manner as to deceive the public, It appeared in reality that the number of recruits required to make np the armytoits proper strength was 7,840, and for the militia 60,000 wererequired ; but that such was the case did not appear on the face of the estimates. He was sure that there was no indisposition on the part of the people of this coumtry to looX the matter fairly theface, and he did not see, therefore, that itwasconsistent with the credt diheiwas sure that it was not consimstet with the advantage of the country, that there should be anything like concealment, not to say deception, on the subject. coul-P beffYe RE said, that the estimates had never been drawn up in the form suggested by the noble earL In time of pearce he saw no great difficulty in letting the country know from time to twie the effective condition of the aray; but in time of war he questioned whether it would be prudent to give minute details upon the recruiting of our army and such sabjects to the enemy. Howreves, if any suggestions could be offered for improving the form of the estimate, he should be happy to adopt themn. Earl GREY remuinded his noble friend that during our Last great strggle with France the Ifnist;er laid periodically before Parliament a mlinute statement of the results of recruiting, and the most complete information upon the whole subject which it was possible to produce. The Earl of EGLINTOTUN drew attention to the fact that in Scotland soldiers might be billetted upon private houses. This was regarded-as a hardship in that country, and he tnentioned the fact in the hope that the evil might ye3 remeraea. The bill was then aread a second time. The IfMutiny Bill, the Consolidated Fund (26,000,0001,) Bill, the Drahage Advances Acts Amendment BiMl, and the Delamnere Forest Bill were respectively read a second time. The Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill was read a third time and passed. The LOllD CRANCELLOR brought in a bill for the amnendment of the County Courts Act, which was read a first time. Their Lordaships adjourned at a-quarter past 7 o'clock.
i IOUSE Or COMIONS, TUESDAY, MAxCH IL I There not being 40 members present at 4 o'clock, the Hlouese iediately adjourned. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIED S. Sir,-From your report of tho few words I spoke last I night, at the -close of the debate on SirGeorge Grey'sPolice Bill, it might appear as if I had approved of the entire machinery of his original bill; whereas what I did say was, that Iwas as much against the principle of centralization, and as much for that of local self government, as anv man. I was also extremely jealous of unnecessarily increasing expenditure in thinly populated districts by a machinery only spplicable to dense population. But that something required to be done, as, among other instances, the letter I 3ead from the northern extremity of Wensleydale, wo-dd Abundantly show, which stated that the writer and his neiglibovrs were IS riles from a policeman; that the parish constables were useless; that they had been refused a saperint-endent by quarter sessions, and felt virtually with. out the p amrof the law. I am, Sir, svour obedient servant. 15. b. CAYLBY. THE TE -Tux, March 1O.-The deliveries in London estimatel for the week were 547,487nb., being a deCre&sW Q 16,4651b. as conpaxid with tbe previov, athtemeat
I*P. the LONDON GAZETTE of 2vs&zy, Mar4 11 .. LORD CHABMERLAIN-S-*OFIFCE. . i. -'otce is hereby given that Her Majesty will hold a levee at St. Janes's Palace on Wednesasy, the 12th of March next, at 2 ocloc31. FWMITALT., MARCEH 9. 'The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patent to ba passed ander the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a baron of the uanited kingdom of Great Brstain7 and Ireland unto Thomas, Earl of Renmare, of thatFart of the said nited kingdom called Ireland, and the hens male of his bodylawfouly begotten, by the name, style, and title of Baron Rea. nare, of Castlerosse; in the county of Kerry. - FOREIGN-OFFICE, J"i. 15. The Queen 7as been graciously pleased to appoint Wi!liam Oougal Cliristie, Esq., novw Hfer Majesty's Charge d'Afaires and Consul-Genseral to the -Argentine Confederation, to be Her Majesty's 3IinisteraPlenipotentiary to the AAgentine Confederation. DOWNING-STREET, ARcH 13.0 - The Queen has-been pleased to appoint John Harvey DarTe%lh Esq., to be Chief Justice, Duncan Stewart Esq., to be Attorney-General ; and Seth Harvey, Esq., to be Solicitor-General forthe 3ermudasi or Somers Islands. He t atst ha als bee plaedt appo Thms ners DIlands, to be a member of the I,egislative Council of those isanlds. ST. JAMES'S PAIACE, MARCH 6. The Queen hr.s been pleased, on the nomination of the Right. Hon. Lord Foley, to appoint Charles Richard tohn Sanyer, Esq., one of Her Majesty's Hon. Corps of Gentlemen-at-Arms, vice Davies, retired. The Queenhas also been pleased, onthe nomination of the Right Hon. Lord Foley, to appoint Harwick Doncaster, Esq., one of Her Majesty's Ron. Corps of Gentlemen-atArms, vice Lamnotte, retiKel CROWNT-OFFICE, MARdH S. ME3BERS returned to serve in the present PARLEA- 3MEiNT. Borough of Boston. herbert Ingrain, of Lond,vater, Ricknansworth, in the county of liertford, Eaq., i the room of the Hson. Gilbert Henry Hesthuote, who has accepted the office of Stew.ard of Her Mtajestys manor of HRempholme. MACH 11. Th Ri ht H Borough of Shigo. county of Sligo, in the room of John Sadleir, Req., deceased. BOARD OF TRADE, IWT EHALI., 3LtjcHi 10. The REght Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Atffairs, acopy of a despatch from Her Majesty's SLamhssdor at Constantinople, statingthat the restrictionls uponu the exportation of grain from Turkish ports below the town of Dardanelles hve been withdrawvn. MAiRCH iL The Right Hon. the Lords of the Committee of Prnlv Counci'lfor Trade and Plantations have received, througa the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majestys Charge W'Afaires at Mexico, statingthat thadecree prohibiting the currency of foreign coin in Mfexico has been annulled. ! WHITEIALT, JAN. 26, The Right Hion. Sir John Jervis, Enight, Lord Chief Justice of lHer Majest's Court of Common Pleas at Westminster, has a pointed Charles Halton, of Whitehaven, in the county of Cunmbsrlsnud, gentleman, to be one of the perpetual commissioners for taking the acknowledgments of deeds to he exeouted by married women, under the act passed for the abolition of f,nes and recoveries, and for the ubetitution of more ainmple modes of assurance, in and for the county of Cuamberland. ECCLESIASTICAL COMIISSIONEB,S. By an order in Council dated Feb. 25 last past Her Majesty has been pleased to ratify a scheme of the Ecclesiastical Commissioners recommending that the right of nomination of the perpetual curate of the new parish of Carverstreet, formed out of the parish of Sheffield, for the one turn only which shall occur next after the publication in the London Gazete of any order in Council ratifving the said scheme, shall be exercised by Henry Wilson, his executers, administrators, and assins; and by another order in Council of the same dat Her MSajesty has been pleased to ratify a scheme of the said commissioners empowering them to sell and conveythe lands, tenements, &c., heretofore belonging to the prebend of Thoraey, in the Cathedral of Durham. CO1MISSIONS Signed by the Qux. Royal Sussex ILght Infantry Regiment of Militia.-John Foster, gent., to be Quartermaster, from the 9th of Jauar. By the Lon-Lrsu7rs?-r of the County of KE,s East Kent Regiment of Mllitia.-John H lamilton Gray, aqs., late CLPt. 7th Dragoon Guards, to be Capt., vime Thurlow, esigued;, Leut. DvdVhteriffithsto be apt. West Kent Light Infantry Regiment of Militia-John Joseph Tookie, gent., tobe EDsign, vicelMloughby resigned. 3By the LoRD-IinmurgysNrT of theo County of Mmnz.rsgx. 4th or Royal South Middlesex Regiment of militia.-Thorass Fitemauri Burke, gent., to be Ensig vioe Bourk. promoted; John Fancis Speauove Waite, gent., tT be Ensign, vice 1.eane, promotel Pythe Lonn-L m cssr of the Couu2ty Palatine of LAxctsran. st Regimen2t of the D)uke of Lacacster's Own EMilitia,-Leat. James Robert Innes Gregg to be Ctapt., ni.ce Tenraby, iesigned. y theLOn-Lxu}rxszr of the County of STr-roeD. 1st Pegient of Kin's Own Staffordshire Mlilitia.-Ensign John Bates Marstoa to be Lieut., vice Elliot, resigned: Ensign Arthur :Eitzgerald to be LAeut., viceAllanresigned; EnsignFrederick Severne to beLteut.; vice Hickman, appointed to 60th Foot. By the LoR-Lr=mrgx,s-r of the County Palatine of Dunumf. Lst Durham lleg t of Militia.-Poulett George Henry Somerset, Esq., C.B., late Lient..Col. Coldstream Guards, to be Liuat.-CoL, vica Bowes, who retires; Ensign Surtees Smith to be lieut., vise Wine, appoin ted to the 75th Foot. 2d Durham Regim-nt ,,t1nDiita-Ensig. IlIuiam Henry Green to be iieut.. vice wlAkinson, appointed to the 9ithirdok By the LoiDo-LEoUsTsr of the County of EDINessUnRO or Mm- LorurAir~. Queen's Begimaent or Light Infantry Miltia.-Major Sir ArehxWad Rope, Bart.. to he Lieut-Col., vieeMadonald, retired; capt. john Fletcher to be Major, vice Hope, promoted - Lieut. George Andrew CoretryoboCpt, vie Fletcher. promoteb; Enig James Pi'ngle to be Lpnient., vice bm'ir sp tedto t-he 79th Regiment. Bythe VzcnLirurzNAc-r of the East Riding of the Coumty of Yoax, and the Borcough of Kors-ao,un East York regiment of Militia.-Lielt. Wlliham Thomas David Lloyd to be Capt., vice Thomp6on, appointed to the 3Sth Foot; Ensign Charles.Joseph Lynch to be ijent., vic fod rmtd er Astley Harding-, gent., to be Ensign, vice Lynch, promoted. Lleut. FrederickyLolnswortli resigned his Commzission as ifent. in the Northamptonshire Militia enithe 31st day of December, ISiS. This " Gazstte" contains notices that the following places have been duly registered for the silemnzation of iariages therein;St. Modwen' sChapel, Burton upon-Trent. Wesleyan Methodist Chapel, All Saints, StamfordLicolnshire. Zion C hapel Copn Nrthmuberland, c, icon.i PARn-ERSHIPS DISSOLVED. W. Edmundson and Co.. Seaham-harbour, Durham, grocera-J POtbay andRI. Pratt, Terrace, High-street, Kensingtfon. tailoys.- Pearce and Passenger, Southampton, chlinamen.-R, and B. Edvwards, Haliaxa, stonemnasons,-lleaurnont aud Wallis, Kirrbarton, Yorkcshire, stone merchants.-E. S-aolton and W. Healci Trig-lane, upper Thames-street, export ale err hant.-Pruuli Jordan, and McCappin, liverpool, r2wpsrights.-Shingler and Grigg, Cardiff.-Brocklehurst and Gttens, -igs n-upon-HU, general merchants.-R. Coop and C. Wittatker, Oldham, ancathire,mrachine maker-J. It. and J. EL Bc1thr !unciorn, Cheshbire, grooers.-Silcoates Miii Conpany Silcoates and weewhere.-Donningten-wood Mii Comnruy, Wrociarardinewood, Shropshire. millers; asfar as regar-ds . Horton.-S. Oliver, J. Willinson, and T. Oliver, Peterborough, upholsterers; as far as regardesT.Olinver.-TaekerandPrice,IL,verpool,teadea1ers-J. H. DaU and R. H. Blackbunm, Preston, cottonspinnemrs-J. Wortley. Jun., and 3L B. Mason, Sheffield, seaiecutters-J. Atkinson, T. W. Poster, and F. Cates, New Bond-street, silk mercers.-L White and IL W 0if orj, Jun., Leicester, acconntants.-l. Buchanan and J. 1.0th. Preston, ladles'seminay keepers.-Lord and Arliworthb, Bury, Laucashire, woollen manufacturers.-Sandfords and Heptinstali. Coalsbrough, Yorkshire, engineers; as far as regards J. HeptinstaIL-E. C. Gardiner and H. Jones, Houmdsrliteh, outfitters.-T. anrl H. Boyle, Manchester. br ewers-Patterson andCo., Ramagate, timber merchants;t Perkins, leedS, terra cotta vorkers-T.utchings and Co., Adamstreet, Adelphi, builders.-Bryant and Harrirson, Old Ssn-lane,Upper Thames-street, wholesaile druggists. DECLARATIONS OF DIVIDEN'DS. J. Field, B3urbum Westgate, Norfolk. draper-lirst div. of Ss. 2lid., any Wednesday, at Mr. Whitmaore's, Basingbdl-street. 3. Roper and Co., Keighlcy, worsted spinners-seconddiv. of Is, 6d., any day, at Plc. Young's. Leeds. J Show, Lonrgton Sritafordashire, staioner-frst div. of ld., any Jv. Bfird, Cant '+dnear Cardiff,tGlaorjnshlre, lime manufacturerW. E. Brockett, Nercastle-upon-Tyne, money scrivener-firt div. of ls., any Saturday, at MEr. Balcec's. 2Newcastie-upon-l'ynr. BANKRUPTCY ANIULLED. VilliamLTeaderi, Wells-street, Oxford-street, coachmalcer. - BANKRUPTS. JohnSearle, March, Elyv,CambridIgeshire, builder, tosurrender, March 2. at half-past 12 oclock, April 25, at l, at the Bankrupts' Cout: slicitors, M. La-rence, Gray's-inn-square; offcia assignee, Mr. Canaan, Aldermsanbury. William Deacon, Boxmoor, Hertfordshire, brewer, March 19, at half-paist o'clock, April21, atl12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor. Mr. Buchanan, Basinghall-street official assignee, Mr. Graham. Sampson Lucas Sanville, Skinner's-place, Sise-lane, merchant, March 19, at half-pastl 'cldock, April 21 at , at the Bankrupts' Comt: solicitors. lMessrs Ashurst, Son, and iforris, OldJewr; official assignee, John Harvey. Parnatnlham, Kent, licensed victualler. March 21, at half-past 1 'clock, Apnl 14. at 12. at the Bankrupts' Court: soicitor, Er. Sinbbs, Mfoorgate-atreet; official asignee, hlr. Bell, Colemanritreet-buildings. William Hutehison and Thomas Fiock-ton, Leadenhall-rtreet, shipbrokers, Maldrch 20. at 2 o'lor, April 24. at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr. Clidisy, Gresham-street- officialassignee, Mcr. Bell. C'oleman-sireet-huildinra Tlis Gorton, Cleveland-set, Fitzroy-square, music smith, March 22, atl o'cdocd4, April30, atthalt-psat, atche Bankrupts' Court: solicitor, Mr, KSenneit, Feuchnech-sireet; offlcial assignee, Mr. Penneil, Guni l dhsaUl-chamlbe rs B asin ghiali-stree t. David Deacon, Dilburn l butcher, n March 22, at 12 o'cluck ADril 33, at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court : solicito R yderMtreet, st. James'a; offlcial assignee, Mr. Bicholson, Gnildballchmnbers. Patrick Skicngton Donnelly, Twickenhatn, brnlder, March 22, at 1 o'clock, April 22, at 12, at she Bankrupts' Court: soicitors, Mr. oward. nichola-olane; and r.sHowuarfi, Stton; offlialassignee, Mr. lNicholson, Gulidhall-chambera George Dewving, Bath-street, Newvgate-street, printer, MEarch 31, at half-Past 2 o'loclo April 22, at L, at the Bankrupts' Court: solicidtors, Messrs. Eovell andCo., Geny's-lun;- ofldlcn assignee, MUr. Lee, Aldermanbury. George Hanmlin, Leadenhal-street, insurance broker, March 31, at 2 o'clock, April22, at 12, at the Bankrupts' Court: soicitors. Messrs. Linidater and Hackwood, Sise-lane; offcial assiguee. Mr. Edwards, Sambrook-court, Bas6nghldl-street. Peter Leicester, Essex-street, Strand, mietal brok-er. March 18. at half-pt2 O'cloc]4 April 15, at 2, at the Bankruptes Cout: solictor, Mr. aindus, South-square, Gray'si4nn; official assignee, Mr. Edwards, Sanibrook-court, Basinghalli-street. Joseph Hancockl Brins, Abergavenny, surveyor, March27, April22, at 11 o'clock, at the BrLstol District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitors, Messrs. Bevan-and Girlirg, Bristol; and -Mr. Lloyd, Abe.gavenny; oDficial assignee, Mr. Acmaman, BristoL, Alexander SLnpson, Kingstou-upon-Iull rwarehouseman, March 26 April23, atl2 'clock. at the Leeds District Court of Bankruptcy, at Kiingston-upon-Hull: solicitors, Messrs. Holden aind Sons, Kingston-upon-Hull;: official assignee, MIr. Carrick- HulL, John Richardson, Liverpool, timber mnerchant, Marsh 12, April14, atll o'dlock, at-theliverpooil District Court of Bankruptcy: solicitor, MIrf Buty, Liverpool; official assignee, Mr. Morgan, LiverpooL, DIVIDENDS. April l, P. Scoton, Aldcrianbury, and iMaiden-lane, Southamptonstreet, Strand, tavemn-keeper.-April 2, T. Varty gnd BI H. Owen, Strad, ublshes-Aril ,3.and3, urfrd,St. Neote, Hunting- W.iongl,brlngcke-rw Walw tis-od atnd itnj -hi bootrnaker.-Aprsi 1, J. Mon-aLl, Upper Russell-sret, Besrmnondaey, leather-der.-April 1. G. ea, UJPper Belerave-place, Pimlico, and Nuahead-lane, Peclhn-ry, coal-merhant,.. ,APfl I8, ISflattu, Wog6SiCg an4 ziclliugtooD Oxfosdabice, inn- 1 keetrL-April 4, J. Basin, Wisbeach, draper.-Aedl4,T. , mon, Wood-.treet, warenoueinmn.-April 4, Q E, s ban, Pimlico, and Wonliam mid Btidiam, IZent llimebe April 4, J. Granlt, Birmingham, taflor.-Apeil 2, W. ParXiQz, Birmingha m, bulldcr.April 4, B. W Gardiner, Hretorst.. dealer.-Ayril 1, J.N1ewaoe, Dewebury, Yorkshre, Iroollei.- CEETOIFIATEB to be nteidtei aue be ihowuto the C.-ai on the day of meeting. April ,W.Hawker mid IA C3aIpiDn, DoWgate-hifl, eazmeipdjI 4 P. Stainsby. Salvador-house. Bishopicate-etreet, al ellere emlter.-April 2, W. Phillip6, Waleingto Bere, mUdc2j 2. TVarLyandE.B H.Owcu, Strad, &ublse-pr2..oc k,B.auntlettacndla6 Devonrebre-wbarf Cmden-town wharixuigers.-.ri1 7. W. 1 aWn, Cheltenbam. mnnkeeper.-April3. T. Pa8ett. g ,7 . I worker.-Ajpril 3, Wt. Hinton and S. Meredith, Pensnett, Kaisin_. ford. Staffordshire, builders.-Aprill, S. DavisandT.Erhzun, BLijj. .1mam, xnachinisfie.-April 9, G1. I,ongden, WeLton -l-the-Mrush,I shire, draper. SCOTCH SEQuEsTBREONS. S. Lord anE J. Broadbent, Gla%gow, Lndon, and Roedale, chant4, March 24, at 11 o'clock, at the Crov Pote, Glagow. J.. Geimmel, Glasgow, wdter, March 18, at 12 n'clock at tbee HloteL, Glasg;ow. L. Webster, Dundee, silk-mercer, March 20, At 12 o'clock, atf - Britis;h Hoel, Dundee. J. PRtchie. late of Broompar3c, near Denny, lodIng,eonse.1e-,l N6ar-h 17, ft 2 @oclcck, at Stevenson's Roons, Jidlnburg6 F T. Iunlop, INlupselburg, saddler, March 18, atil o'clock at the P- aelbirg AIaLs Im, Muneelburg.
CIVIL SERVICE SUPEBA.JN'ION. I This committee met yesterday in Room lTo. 12; i Chancellor of the Exchequer in the chair. - 1Mr. Bromnley, Accountant-General to the N~avy, was ags examnined, aud, after reading some returns shewing the a9W rage annual salarnes of the officers in the India-Luse, Bad ofEnugland, iorih-WesterniRsilwfay, and the Custam-houLs~ proceeded to state sonne cases showing the amount of deduq tior made from the saLares in the last-mentioned esiablishment. He read a letter from a clerk in the receipt of I nominal salary of 1601., shovwing that oit of that amolnui must be.paid superannuation fund, Sh., as well as the iajt come-tax, security, and other expenses, leaving him ox2l$ 1161.1Os. 4d. to feed, lodge, and clothe hiinselE and familie of fne persons. After citing another similar case of a derk in the receipt of a salary of 2601. a-yIear, 2fr. Broml1eyprc' ceeded to say that it would be provedto the commzittee lr thi: evidence to he given by Dr. Parr and otbers thatthe dedtcCt hions made from the salaries were much larger than wrdX required to form the superannuation fund, and larger Than. would he requiired by any inuranec offlice to secure the same pensions. Iu thle Bank of England every clerk uponentering w as required to inLsu re his life for the benefit of his family, and there was also a provident fund for the benefif~ of the widows of deserving servants, but no payment wa required from the salaries of the clerks towards that fundlIn the case of the cilvil servants of the Crown there 'l3 no provision for their wvidows and famnilies, and most distressing cases were constantly occurring in consequeince. Mr. Bronsley went on to say that he thought the mnten. tions of the act of 1S34 had not been carried out by ann.- cessive Coveroments, us they ought to have distngoiabe between the pensions granted under the old scale and Those granted nnder the new; and excess of deduction ougrht theaP to have been funded for the benefit of those whio hiad con tributed to it. Ee did not go so far as to say therewasa. legal claim tothe surplus on the part of the civil servants,> but he thought there was certainly an equitable one, andt frosted that there would he a clause inserted in the bill acknowledging that the auraof 800,000!. had been dedructeI from the salaries of civil servants, and t-hat they wrere entitledto some consideration on account of it. If thinwerodone, it would tend much to satisfy their minds that ParLiament at soume future time w ould not step in and stop they snlperann-gation pensions. He would also suggest that ire cases where the salaries w ere under 100l. a-year the abate.- meat for superannuation should be 21 per cent., and that~ there should be a difference mlade between thoee who hagl entered since 182b. Some alteration was also requisite to' meet the case of those of iicers who had served abroad, and whose health was consequently impaired; at present their. term of service did not count for more tha n the same timespentbin England. Re did not think this was considered in. ax-ing their salaries, nor did he believe that this question: would involv-e the necessity of a fresh scale of pensions for every different place of residence. He was also of opiniont that a person should be permitted to retire utpon his ow application at the age of {f0 years, and, with regar to e taming officers after 6a, owing to peculiar knowledge orability in any departmrent, he thought in such ca9es TheSp should have some special rew ard for their services. Mr. Eavter, Secretary to the Treasury, gave evidence ire contradiction to some statements made by Sir Charles Trevefyan as to the number of persons on the " redundan.t -lists" of the several departments, stating that in the Enland Flevenue Department, where the number of officers employedl was 6,562, there wrere only 31 on the list. In the Customr employing 5,569 officers, there wvere at epresenrt 44 on the list. It could, therefore, scarcely be said, 1n the words of Six Charles Trevelyan, that "Patronage had loaded the redundant list" of those two departments. He (Mri. Eayterl most distinctly denied that, ei&her directly orindireetly, had Sir C. Trevelyan ever called his attention to the state of thul redundant lists;- and, with regard to the observation of Sir Charles, that no ner60n had been taken from such lists tc' fill vacancies as they occurred, he (Mtr. Eayter) was quitea sure that no one who had lookced into the lists would hsavee made such ant assertion. The commnittee then adjourtned until Friday next ata 1 o'clockL
IQg1E3L-iAPKBTandOCITY INT?LLIGZNOB. Tuesday Evenng The quotation of golc at Paris is about 4 per ille prmn1m (crdig to the 1 t1;4 , -beh, at the English Mint-prieW ox $. 17s. WAd. per oi. for standard gold, gives an exchange of 25.32; and, the exchange at Paris on London at short being 25i.4, it follows that gold is about O.31 per cent. Kiearer kI London than in Pais. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is $26 per mark, which, at the English Mint price of 21. 17s. LO0d. per oz. for standard gold, gives an excha.ngeof 13.5-i; and, the exchange at Hamburg on London at short being 13.8, it follows that gold ix 1.10 per cent. dearer in London than in 3lamburg. The ourse of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is 1091 per cent., and, the par of exchange between Einsgland anld America ieing 109 23-40 per cent., it follows that the exchangge is nominally 0.33 per cent. against Enigland; bat, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on 'the transmision of gold either way between the two countries. This has been settling day in the English funds, and they opened with dulness at the quotations of last evening. Subsequently they acquired greater fiimness, although the demand for money was unprecedentedly severe. The first piiee of Consols -for money was 91J to i, and during the arrangeiment of the account the market presented a very irregular appearance, owing to the extraordinary rates demanded for carrying over transactions to the 10th of April. Throughout the day r per cent. was .currently paid. Towards the close of business there was more steadiness, and an advance took place to .91*, but the final quotations were 91k for money iand 92k for the account. Consol Scrip left off at 1k premimn; Exchequer Scrip, l-i; India-bonds, i to 3s. discount ; Excheqtuer-bonds, 98k; and ;Exchequer-bills(March), 2s. discount to par; (June), ls. discount to Is. premium. The next instalment (25 per cent.) on the New -Loan falls due on Thursday, the 13th. On the lasi o3ccasion many of the holders neglected it until the JEollowing day, and awere required to pay a fine at the Tn. Foreign securities were well supported through 43nt the day. In Turldsh Six per Cents. the opera itions for the account were at 96k and J. Thi 'Four per Cent. Guaranteed Stock was negotiated al :100. The general transactions comprised-Bra. ilian Five per Cents., i01k; Ecuador New Con .3olidated, 14; Provisional Land Warrant, 4i; Gra inada New Active, 21k; the Deferred, 6k; Pera vian Four-and-a-Half per Cents., for account, 79t -And 80; Sardinian Five per Cents., 91; Spanisl tTew Deferred, for account, 24 ; Passive, 7d, 7 4and7W; Yenezuela, 28k; the Deferred, 120 ;7Bel'vian Four-and-a-H[alf per Cents., 95; and Dutol ~'our per Cent. Certificates, 95Q.' In the fEoreign exchanges this afternoon there wasa nao alteration of importance from the rates of lasl The closing quotations of the French Three pet 4ECents. on the Paris Bourse this evening .were1172f. .Eor money and '72f. G0c. for the end~ of the month, iihowing a recovery of nearly a half 'per cent. The acconnts from the continent' indicate a ion. qt;mnuanee of the speculative mania in almost allthe 'principal cities, new banks being constantly is$ro;:ulced. The rates of exchange remain favounble Elor this country, and some further small parceJ3 of -gold have arrived. The commercial advices from New York thisseek *describe no material alteration, but, notwitbitand- igan increase of ease in the money-market most descriptions of securities had experienced a slight decline. Erie Railway was quoted 58k; Plnama, 104; Reading, 92k; and Illi'nois Centhal (Bonds, *STi Owing to the late severe weather, all, depr ments of busines s were very l*ckward. It bid now, however, become fine, althoug h the coast shd river nmavig,ation was still obstrnctqd by ice. Thu present steamer, having sailed from B3oston, has buught no epecie, but it wvas thoughtt Xhat at least l00,000Z. wfould be seat by the Atls.utic, wvhich ml.y be expected on Thursday, and thX a like amcint would follow by the Asia. The failte had beerannounced of Messrs. 1V. and S. Richarcgon, hem11dealers and rope manufacturers, and the'r liabilites were un-derstood to be rather heavy. The limited amount of bar 4ilver b9ugaht by the '-ast WVest India steamer has ieen soJll at 67d. per oaunce, showving no n1terationl The dollars by the )same vessel have been taken fir shirnent to China adt 60id., which is an advancehf id. It is stated that a negotiajon lns been opened -with the General Screwr Steen Company by the S urchasers of their eig,ht large shiis for four smaller -ones to complete the contemplatid fleet-namely, {~he HEarbinger, 848 tons; f lie Capse of Good Hope, 3~33 tons; the Bosphoras, 44ditons; and the Prowiontis, 48$ .ons. Owing tGO the lengthened jevalence of easterly umi ds, a great number of vess4sirom India, China, ansd Australia are supposed to bd detained in the 'Clianel. It is therefore thoigl7t that the SMini walty should send out a steamier either from Py mnouth or Falmouth to their rellei. ly At the Court of Bankrunptc to-day Messrs. BStrshan, Paul, and Bates passed tiPir last examina-ien. The proceedings were then adjourned, no *date being fied for the hearing of certificates ; but it ir intimated that if lMr. -B1ates should obtain a psadon fro3n the Crown he can apply to the Court inthe ordinary manner. T2he following¢ is from the chairman of the late Conmnittee of Inquiry on the WFestminster Improveaneut Conunission: " Sir,-In youlr city article ofto-daythereisa letter from 3fecsrs. Minet and Smith on behalf of lir. John Thomas, iniecachin g, to a ceitai exctent, the acculracy of some of 4lhe statements inthe petition to PYarliament now lyin" for -signatre by the bondholders at my offce. It is affeged j,yShore gentlemeni that hMr. Thomas never was a cornmissioner. The petition does not charge that he was. It -was further allegedih at he never resolved to attempt, wzith -or rithont the assis mnce of Government, to execute the -imFrorements; that he never had anything to do with eproriding the secr4ity requlired by the act; that he is anezely s bondholder for 2,(Eo0Z., an became a trustee wvith anirgeatleman f the property of the conmmission in "iNow, as Iprepa ea the petition, I consider myself respess3ible for the genesal acturacy -of its statements. The fi3Uuing,r therefore,i'my jtrtification: '"The act of 184a riuiresl the commissioners to provide aecriity for the complste e.xtcution of the undertaking, and decsaed that the petauns avho should give such security shoozlUbe entitled to the surpIus. In May, 1852, a deed was {exe:ut'd by Mr. homas, arndhy several other parties more eorl 3a interested in the surpins; in which it was stated that -te enity had been given, and that the parties wvho gave it lt.re entitled to the nirplus. blr. Thomias is declarea by -the tee) to be one of those p;rties. "lasaat a loss to imagne howlir. Thomas can have 1ogoetng these facts, whirl are pateat on the deed itself, b,ut,as Ihave a prinled copt of it in my possession, he is wleme to a perusal of it. "TSing you. iltgive si,ace for the insertion of this jleer inyour celuninse "I remain, Sir, your o aedient seroant h t . ~~~"GEORtGE OGLE. "4{, G6.reat Wiches!er.street M tarch 10." -iThongz ecent cotateri a publicatons has been a ~lxd edition of the Cyclo;lia of Pv acDicad Receipts, -o !Mr. nold i. Cooey,$ an elaborate work, well oir to persons engagey in arts and manufactures aas fLacuhing a condensatitn from time to time of thenait mass of additiond inf ormation constantly <obsined by the progress o f exaerience rin all indvu3 T procesmes. It forac in essential sYr slement to CPeAiararmco5eias, and discribeB, not only the leadIng Properties of the variois substances converted to arA use, but also the litest and most economical an20odes of manipulation, 'ehether in the factory, the Ababo atory, or the. houeiold. The present edition is 1tilted to have been ettirely re-written, and re- InarkaLble care seyrs to hase been bestowed to reneer the elanation of each fcmula or proces clear and Worthy of: confidence. POPe7S Journal of vI'rdet for 18S6 has also i.s t been issued, and confius coman ain it self as an authority on subjects ~O5ri'4~ ..~4.. ~ nhoue ndhe shippng regpala- egl , usge of comm a cn3erce. The lt7,nie end ilie a uide bya Messrs. Will.yM s Wl raore and Beedell, is a work for consultation on the 'Yarioiu questuins constantly arising as to the rightt nnd duities of merchachanis, s hiupow earers, Lrokem, &c. it contains also funl instructions for the peaformance of the i branches of commerocia b)Usin'3ss, besides a collection of the orders of the 'varoiav o Govern7ment departmeutas end a great num- ~ Cf statisticaltafable. Altogether, the rwork- h-bn prepaed ed in a ry complete ta aunehtry manner. The Bomb Almanao§ 18 gives the 18tw stgith of that Presi-t
RAIL WAY AND MINING SH4RES. 7! Tuesday Evening. The railway-market was steady, with a moderate amount of business; out there was rather less firniness towards the close. Joint-stock bank shares weir 1'eavy, and in some cases a tendency to further decline was `narent. CasjadatP LI? fere na.otiated at 143X,1^45, an4 147, and the final quotation was 143 to 148. Few trall.a-vtions took place in Australian shares, and prices expeienced little alteration. Bdsk of Egypt left off I to 1J pm.; Ot toman, to # pm.; Pernambuco Railway, par; National Discount Company, i to i discount. ORDINARY SHARES AhD STORS._
STATE OF TRADE MAiNCH TEP, MAaRCH 11. The reports of the market on all hands agreethat a quieter feeling has prevailed to-day, and that a linited business only has been done. This arises, not from a want of denand in some of the fabrics recently most saleable, butfrom the firmness of prices. There are no stocks on hand, and most ofour manufacturershave orders which will keepthenn engaged for a month or six weeks forward, adthey are so far independent of the market for the pan. sent as to stickle for higher and more zemunerative rates. These buyers are unwilling to olve, and hence the negotiations between buyers and sefilers have resulted in but little business. The demand is principally for cloths suited to the home trade and forexp to Idia and China. In longcloths and T-cloths, which baverecently been in request for the Levant, there is little or no business doing in consequence of recent unfavourable news from Constantinople and Alexandria. In yarns there has been less bulsiness than on last Tuesday, but prices are very firm, and in some cases - manufacturers have had to give a shade hig her prices. Of the cloth-market Messrs. John Slagg and Co.aepoat A "'There is very little change in the market since Tuesday last. The active demand for the home trade and for India and China continues,- and sales of printers, maddapollams, shirtings, jaconets, and domestics, could be readily made to any extent at the extreme rates of last week; but production being now generally engaged for the noxt three or four weeks, manufactures ask a further advance, which buyersdo not as yetconcede,andthe business of the last -day or two has consequently been comparatively small. Logeloth and T-cloths are still flat, but there is no change inpries."
RAILWA Y ImTELLIGrBNE. 1;.AQ'P ANTdTXAN The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yesterda7 atthe London Tavern, Mr. M Brace in the chair. noh report, an abstract of which, -has appeted. in T1i6 2;s'ns, was taken as read. The x iAIMMAi, in moving the adoption of the report, congratulated the sbareholders on the gradual improvement of their rev!M!ts. _ T 3 iroverneur of Vhe port of Lynn would, he md on °b leiR toa steady and progressive improwwement in their traffic. The Corporation of Lynn were roceeJin- with the construction of the quays, which would be coiupieted early in the surmner. The port of Lynun would soon ha.e advantages which few ports possessed: the works of the ,cstuars had made considerable progress, and the harbour ha been deepened so &S to be capable of admitting large vessels There as an abundance of warehouse room at Lyn' which did not exlst at any other port with whjch he wvas acquainted. The return of peace vouh reduce the cost of matelials used by railway companies; oil and taDow, which had been from 50 to 64 per cent. higher in price since the war than before, would be reduced to their former prices. - While adverting to the working expenses of the Eastern Counties Company, upon which the amount of theirs depended, he thought it right to state, in consequenco -of the great publicity that had been given to the matter, that 'the East Asiglian interests were completely bound up -iith those of the Eastern- Counties Railway. Taking the state of the permanent ,way, for instance, it had been neg.lected to a great extent during the past four years; and, inasmuch as the Eastern Counties would now have to restore works which they ought to have kept in order during past years, the working excenses would be increased .both to' the'East Anglian and Eastern Counties companies. In Hemnpath's Journal of last week there was given a very clear statement with respect to the cost of the permanent way of various railways, and in that statement it would be found that, although the Eastern Counties Railway Company had spent on its permanent way double the amount they had in any former half-year, still the Eastern Counties' expenditure on the maintenance of the permanent way was vastly below that of any other line, although it amounted to 97l. per mile, the expenditure of the former half-years being onily 4!. per mile. They would see that a great injury had been done to the line, and that a - great increase in the expense of maintenance must be expected to make up for that deterioration. He mentioned that to show that their interests w-. closely united, and that any 'damage done to the Eastern Counties line would fallin proportion upon the East Anglian company. For instance, the Bow accident had the effect of taking 250!. out of the net revenae of the East Anglian; so they would see that the directors of the latter company at the Eastern Counties' hoard hada good right to see that the expenditure was prar zly attended to. It was their duty, in protecti. -g t,; interests of the East Aungian company, to proii-.b the interests of the Eastern Counties Company in a like manner. The Eastern iUnion and Norfolk were equally interested in the increase of the gross traffic with t1he Eastern Counties Company; but there was one point in which they were not equally interested-that was -in respect to the worldng expenses, because the agreement with the Eastern Union !ind Norfolk companies stipulated that the working expenses should not exceed 46 per cent. of the gross receipts. The East Anglian and the Eastern Counties suffered -when the expenses exceeded that per canta, but it didnot matter to the Eastern Uynion and tho Norfolk whether the working expenses vere 100 per cent. Or 46 per cent. Whatever was the expense of working any particular traffic, either to Lowestoft or other places, it did not matter to the Norfolk or Eastern Union Company; they received 54 per cent. of their proportion. It was to the interest of the Eastern Counties Company to foster the East Anzlian, and to deal fairly with the latter: for any injury to the one would fall in a certain proportion upon the other. TXhe agreement between the two companies was made in good faith. They only wanted what was fair from the Eastern Counties Company-equal mileage rates, and those they had a right to enforce under the agreement; but the vish of the East Anslian was to act in a friendly spirit towards the Eastern Counties Company. He had observed that some of therailWay papers-had inserted letters in respect to the East Anglian that were utterly untrue, and he believed theparties who had- made thosestatements knew them to be untrue. (Hear, hear.) Mr. Sxno-soN, a director, seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. He said that the East Anglian had formerly been considered by the Chairman of the Eastern Counties Companyasof great value in protecting the district of that company from invasion, and when the agreement was entered into with that company promises were given that everything should be liberally construed with respect to the East Anglian Company. One question in disDute -was the coal traffic. The East Auiglian Company onli required that equal rates should be charged over the lines from any port on the coast, but Mr. Waddington had not kept his promise. The distance between Lowestoft and Fakenham. was 58 miles, the charge for the conveyance of coal vas at the rate of 3s. 6d. per ton; from Lynn to Fakenham was 39 miles, the charge was '3s. iOd.par ton; so that he charged the East Anglian Company 4d. more for carrving the coals a shorter distance by 19 miles. Similar +eh-g voro -- o, 1 - 4e. hilnury of the EastAnglian. From L n io's Stortford was 66 miles, and from Peterborough to B op's Stortford was about 63 miles;the-charge from Peterborough to the latter place was 3s. lld. per ton in thecoalowners'trucks, which madeadifference of about ls. 5d. per ton, which added to the 3s. Ud., made 5s. 4d.; but the charge to the East Anglian from Lynn was 6s. Sd. to Bishop's Stortford. The difference was a material item of profit. MIr. Waddington had refused to carry out his agreement with the East Anglian.- They only -wanted what was fairly due to them ;nder the agreement, and no favours. Mr. HERArATH was glad to hear that the statements in the journals referred to by the chairman were untrue. Mtr. WiLxs so_N was sorry to see the extent of personality that had taken placebetween their chairman and the chairman of the Eastern Counties Company. He understood that the chairiman of their company had promised to resign his seat at the Eastern Counties' board, and he wished to know whether he had resigned. The CiirnLiuRmN said, he had been requested to retain his seat at the Eastern Counties' board by 1,800 shareholders in the latter company. He had had no quarrel whatever with the Eastern Counties Company, but was anxious to have the cordial co-operation of all parties. A Shareholder suggested that they should endeavour to seek an alliance with the Great !Northern Company, as it always had kept its engagements. (Cries of " Oh, oh !") [A Voice.-" The South Yorkshirm, for instance."] (Laughter.) He had very little faith in the Eastern Counties Company. The CrIuRw.N said, the agreement with the Eastern Counties had been sanctioned by act of Parliament. It would grieve him very much if anything were done to disturb it. He had great confidence in the Eastern Counties shareholders, for they had given a moral majority in favour of the principle he had advocated; and he knew there were many large shareholders of the Eastern Counties Company who vould anp pert the rights of the East Anglian under the agreement. He (the chairman) had a firmu reliance upon principle-upon truth, and thatthe spiritof Englishmen would net permit them to abanden those principles upon which commercialcredit-was founded. He felt that their position wvas strengthened, and that they should be fairly treated, in order that they mighthavetheir share in the great amalgamsation with the Eastern Counties and other' companies appointed to take place in 1861. Mr. C0LHD%NICK proposed that a committee should be appointed, consisting of Mr. Bancroft and Mfr. Newbury, to aid Mr. Brmce and Mr. Simpson in obtaining the rights of the East Anglian under the agreement with the Eastern Counties Company. The CHAIRTXAN explained that his own fee"in"s were, to act on the most friendly terms with the Eastern Counties Company; but, if they should be refused fair play, they would take tho best steps they could to obtain it. Mr. HER-APATI said, he believed they could enforce an equal mileage rate; but their solicitor could inform them wvhat steps should be taken.. Mr. Scott, the solicitor, said, the company could taLe proceedings in a court of equity, or by arbitration, to compel the fulfilment of the agreement. Mr. SinsoN, in reply to a question, stated that a meeting of the Eastern Countiese boiid was held immediately after the adjourned meeting of the company qn Saturday last, and Mr. Waddington was elected chairman of the com- pany by six directors against five. On being elected to the chair, Mr. Vaddington proposed that Mr. Packe be elected deputy chairman in the place of Mr. Bruce, whvich was earried. He-would nlot make any comparison of the merits of the two gentlemen, but could say they -were deeply indebted to Mr. Bruce for the manly stand he had taken against abuses existing in the management of the Eastern Counties Company. Mr. x AYHEw thought there was now a widerbreach than ever between the companies, and that a committee should be appointed. 3\fr. KAcLAuxmTethought the prudence and zeal which - had been heretofore evinced by the board would be continned; and, considering the recent excitement in the other company, it would be much better to leave the matter in the hands of the directors. Resolutions were passed adopting the report, declaring a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent. per annum on the B stock, and at the rate of 21. 18s. 44. per cent. per annum on the C stock, less income-tax; re-electing 3r.Flint and 3fr. Self, the retirig directors; fixing the notice to be given by a candidate-for a seatt the-board at 14 dayspreviously tothe day of clection, and any gentlemen nominated by the directors to fill up a vacancy at the board to he presented to the shareholders at the following half-yearlymneeting for election A cordial vote of thanuls to t&e chairman for his valuable services to the conpany concluded the proceedings. BELGIAN EASTERN-JUNCTION. The annual meeting of the shareholders was held yesterday at the London Tavern, preparatry to the statutory meeting to be held at Brussels on the -26th inst.; Major-General Sir F. Smith, R.E., in the chair. Tho Secretary read the report, which stated that the lin, was opened throughout from Manage to Wavre in September last. The stations on the fourth section and some other works essential to the:profitable wrorking of the line.remain yet to be completed. By means of -a convention concludad with the Government in Augut, 1852,. aU the rights and privileges of the original eon6es - sion- were maintained,- adding thuerto the advantage of a guarantee of 4 per cent. for 50 years on a capital of 5,G00,000f. (200,001f.). 'The - directors availed themselves ofthe Goversuent guarantee to negQtiate a loan for 180,000c. at 4 per cent., with a sining fund for its redemption int 59 years, which at once providthem with 135,00uc. in additiontothe caution moeroy and other assett then in hand; -The caution money or y deposited by-the co pany -has been, returned- by-the GLoverument, together witht ill- terest at ¢ per ent. -this amount being invested in Twoand-a-Half per -Cent.; Belgian Stock, aconsiderable los3 was sustained by' the realizatioitof tho stock at a reduced market price as compared with th at fi-whch it wi-spu'-- F X nX. __ -t_. The railway, which is 42 kilometres (204 miles) fi lengit ha 010 -satious ; at -I;ago it is in communication w'ith the You`3 atd Manage and ir&tatlines,; at Ottignies, -witht!wo lmiO of the Great Luxembourg; and at Wavre and Court & lEtienne, with that of the Charleroi and Louvain Gduwr pany. The section between Court St. Etienne and Wavre is a double lir,° aSnd is common to this coM pany and the Charleroi and L.ouvain. The rolling stock will eventu.lly represent a sum pf 45,7541., and when the whole shaU have been deliverecd it will . consist of . six loco}--'.tives and 322 carriages i2d trucks. The junctioi at ill'.na e aie State line,- andso2e stations remain, to be I completed. Accor th the atati6 4119 directors allow- ance was originaly fised-at 1,500g. feF 3&iini. ITh' i they declined to avail themse!Yes of ths right, and since that time they have only partL.% done so by receiving 8501. per annum. up to the 51stof _-JedrnberlasL The directors explain that there are many ous reasons for the smallness of the existing traffic, and t ft4 increase wil Mar y depend on arrangements wvhich have Jon made and are in progress with neighbouring lines. The J3lanca-sheet sbhows a total on each side of 438,5101. The CURBIAN-, in mloving the adoption of Nie reoit, reminded the shareholders of the early difficulti'G of the company, and the many adverse circumstances .Against which they had had to contend; but the railway wag -ow completed, and, he might add, well constructed throughaut. Their line had not been open for traffic for any great lengt4h of time, and, although their receipts were not equal to their original anticipations, yet their position was quite as important as that of any rillway in Belgium liu answer to questions by Mr. GoETZ and others, The CHATR-aLNLL said, in future the report and accounts should be circulated a-week, at least, before the preliminary meeting. The receipts fortraffio and expenditure were not given, because they were not of sufficient importance' Although the present meeting was not constituted so as that the resolutions passed would be legally binding. he, as the, chairman, should feel himself bound to give effect to such-resolutions at the meeting in Brussels as far as lay in his power. Upon the motion of hEr. WADBOW, a resolutionwas passed, limiting the allowance to the directors to 5001. a-vear. It was stated that, although the traffic covered the expenses, the surplus did not cover all the expenses of the company. At tb' - :-'l time, it was to be borne in mind that the Governm-,it daid 8,0001. a-year to the company, which covered the debenture debt. Mri. HXDAo druW attention to the amount of arrears of calls. Mr. FrxrT explainel tihat the greater part had been got in. They had claims falling due on the Ist of April, and he hoped gentlemen would not fail to pay Up on the present call. A vote of thanss to the chairman closed the proceedings. - RAILWAY BMILS 2- PI ARLAEN T. BA-SNmuGE Jun;CTioNo R-ULAwY.-The select committee on this bill has passed the preamble. EAST OF FIrrE RAILVAY.-The preamble of this company's bill has been declared proved. CASTLE DOUGLAS -N-D DmrRIs R.4WAY.-The estimate for the constructidn of this line, from Castle Douglas, by Dalbeattie, to the Glasgow and South-Western at Dumfries, is 120,0001. INxuvEsmss A.iD ABERD= Jucrrox RILWAy.- The Parliamentary estimate for naldng this new line from Nairn, to communicate with the Great North of Scotland at Keith, is 325,0001. TRAFFIC RETURNS. Mflel3 ras- ser- TotsL TotaL aengr chandie. 1856. £5. Week ending Feb. 9. Grand Trnkf of Canada .. 3B3.. -.. - .Z. 2931 . 2,865 Week ending Feb. 22. Great Westrn of Canada.. 2 13 . 4179.. t537 .. s.ns .. .^09 Weel ending March 5. Mons and Manage .. .. 21 .. 89.. 8 29.. 918.. S37 Week endingMarch 8. GlasgowandSouth-Western - .. -.. - .. 5,S33 .. 5,210 Weel; ending March 9. Great Luxembourg.. .. 31 217.. 116 333 North bLondon .. .. 9 .. - ... .. 2,019 .. 2,022 The following are the last returns of the gross receipts of the principal French railways from the 19th to the 25th of
THE CORN TRADE. TIVFR'POOT, WflW 11 The arrivals from Ireland and coastvise duringi the past veek have beern moderate Frobm foreign ports -we have received 14,440 quarters of whe7at, 9of whbich1o2,5I40lquarteorare Eyptian, 4.S60 quarters of beas, ~41 qurtes o Iniancor, 4355sacs ad 2853barrels of flour; lbesides 517quarters of wheat from Canada. ehu exports in the same time comprise 2,976 quarters of wheat, 536 quarters of oats, U,550 quarters of Indian corn,, 1,t08 barrels of Indian corn meal, and 724 sacks of dlour. There has heen an improved feeling in the trade during the Lhut few days, and prices of w oheat andiour have re. covered about6d. per 7i1b. and 9s. per s3ack and barzel from the low prices,corrent in the early part oflastweek. Indian corn has slightly impsovedin valueinthe absence of arrivals. In other articles there has been a steady trade, but no quotable improvensert. At this day's market there waLs a fair attendance of the town and country trade, and a moderate consumptive demand was experienoed for wheat and flour. at an advance of 3d. per 701b. and Is. per sack and barrelon pricesof this day weekL Oats andoatmeal, with an improved demand, may be quoted the turn in favour oflhe seller. The same remark applies to barley, beans, and peas. Indian corn was in fair request, and, in the absence of fresh arrivals, holders were enabled to mnake an advince of Wd. per quarter, 33s. heing 'dfor primemixed American, We note sales of Ameriecn red vrat from Os. 9,L to lOs 3d., Canndian white and mixed, 10s. 3d. to 10s. 6d. and prime whiteBaltimore, Us. tolls. 6d. per 70;b. Prime new red Irish, 9'-',-d tos. 10d.per7l1b. Irishflour,50s to 563.i Spanish, 56s. to 57s. per sack; and American, from 32s. to 37s. per arrel. LEEDS, MAtcoH 11. We bave had a brisker market to-day than for a considerable time past, aud wheat fetches au advance oi 4sper quarter on the price3 of last Tuesday. Barley continues in demand, and is Is. per quarter dearer. Oats and beans in favour of the seller. --T-1 e Rrr vans DAV WA
Lira iN THE PrnwcrrALrrrEs.-A letter from Bucharest of the 23d ult., in the GoiWtUutionnd7, says "Three new assassinations have just caused dismay in this capitaL The keeper of a house of entertainment in the iFaubourg of Isoor, some time ag,o brutaly stabbed by twvo Austrian soldiers, was in the night of the 17th sitting in his own house vith two men who were in partnershipwith him, when some thieves entered, and sammoned the three to say where a sum of 20, 000 plasters, of which they were Imown to be in possession, was to be found. As the men refused to tell, recourse was had to torture-one of them beig burned in the feet, another in the tongue, and the third mi the stomach. At length they disclosed where the money was, and the thieves carlied it off, but, not content with the- booty, they nmurdered the three men. "the next morning the bodies- of the %ictims were found, dreadfalUy mutilated, their wounds appearing to have been caused by bayonets. The police miade anl investiguation, and requested the public prosecutor to take the matter up. bat he refuscdto interfere, saying that it was a fait accomllpti. it is consequently genberally thought that the affair will be allowed to drop. In the same night as this crime 'was com- itted a fire brok;e ouot in the woodenl stables of a squadron of Austrian lancers, situatedn e mhidtof the tow,%y and before it could- be extinguished -0 horses out of USS were burnt to death. The fire at one time threatened to extend to the surroundiag houses a nd buildings, and if it had done so it might have destreq-2d the whole town, as the roofs of most of the edifices are of wood; but it only reached the Coasisuate of Austria, and 'was extinlgoishedthere-before it did any great harm. The- fire seems to ha:e been. 'cused by a lighted lantern, forgotten by - one of -thesoldiers, bayingfailleninto *3hayrack; but, asthe s3ine *squadron hid 100 horseas Iut by a simiar accident ax Galatz, the A-ustrians havspread the report that the fi)e was wilfully causediby Wallachians. This report is unf mded, but it will serve asa pretext to demand from tlle Govern2menVaa indemnity of 75,O000zwanzigers (the zwanziger ia abou,1Tsous)." The same lett6r ssys:-"'Thsl hopes of pew* and the nuexpected fall in the price of wheat bavo eaused several commercial houises of: Gal W* aid Brailow to I-. 40. ^ltU A t"A" 4-s %I e_ ^ ......1
WHE PUBLIC HEALTH. {From the Registrax-Gnenmrs Itetum-1 The ttal number of deaths registered in london, which h a been 1,029 in the previous week, rose -to 1,082 in the w week that ended last Satmuday. The rate of mortali now r,ji ) is considerably less than has been genervaly ex. petienced in t. , beginning of Idarch, for the rate (taking _'-evailed at this period in the last ten tea aougId hwve pi dueu in m the present increased populayeoars25 wudehatis Irdce. is 170 in favour of last tson,2~ deahs.The different,,- - , ~~~~' ~males andc The present :etiifit U5lss the destdi el f . 512 females. To the yomtic or epidemic class 6f of.e, _ deaths are referred, bi,aIng a greater numbeif 8t I% found in any of the other claWes into which the cextseY dc death are divided. The tubercular class, inclkding$zihisiT, has 192 deaths asiigned to it; thoe class of pulnionary dineases, principally bronchitis, pneumonia, and asthma, 19f - diseases of the nervous system, 125; diseases of the digestlvIe organs, 56; of the heart and other organs of circulation, 5Z. Of particular diseases phthisis vas the most fatal, and numbered l29deaths. Whooping-coogh, which waafatal iv 54 csea, appears to be the most prvalent of the spidemies; arlatina caused 24 deaths, typhus 52. Of 10i dsaths reVi=ed by the Registrar of St. 3lry, raddinkos, four were from scarlatina, two froma mewales, and one from whooping-cough, leaving only tIhee n2 caused e d1 ses of the epidemic charcter. Y'our dek-hs are otaned from the sub-district of Christchurch, 3iylebonsn1 -by epidemics-viz., 2 by measles, I by scarlatina, 1 by "Ifesr. There were 2 deaths from influenza - and c*ataxrhal affer, tions have been conmnon lately, though not often attekded viththe fatal results which alone placethem intileregiet*S. 15 deaths occurred from smnalpox; 3 of these in the S=A pox HospitaL 7 infants died in consequence of 3iialforAIation of somie part of the body. 15 women died of fever,-or other disease incidental to child-bearing. A man, aged-coyears, died on the 8th of February in the workhouse hEleend Neew-town from want. A death from cholera is reported; it occurred after an illness of very short duration. The particulars are as follow :-At 11 Half-moon-street, Bishopsgate, on the 7th of MIarcb, a journeyman blacksmIth, aged 48 years, " cholera (10 hours)." The house (adds the registrar) is drained and ventilated, and there is no apparent circumstance to account for the disease. Two women died in the week at the age of 94 years. Last week the births of 99l boys and 931 girls,-in all l,925 children,-were registered in London. In the ten corresponding weeks of the years 184-55, the average number was 1,589. At the Royal Observatory, Greernwich, the readings of the barometer were high; the mean of every day was above 30 inches, and the mean of the week was 30-265 inches. The highest reading occurred at the beginning of the week, and was 30 49 inches. The mnean temperature of the -week was 38-3 deg., which is 16 deg. below the average of the samns week in 38 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The mean temperature wasbelowvtheaverage oneverydcayafter fonday; and on Saturday the extent of depression was 46 deg. The highest temperature occrred on -unday and Saturday, and waus46 deg.; the lowvestoccurred also on Saturday, and was 26 deg., or 6 deg. below freezing point. On the same day the lowest reading of a thermometer on the grass w;as 17 deg. The mean dewr-point temperature w;as 3P'3 deg.; and the difference between this and the mean temperat.ure of the .f wias 4 deg. The mean temperature of the -ivater of the4 Thames was 43-5 deg., and higher by 15 deg. than the mea temperature of the air. The wind blew generally from tie north-east. A little rain fell on two days, but too small in amount to be measured by the gauge.
THE MURDER AT HASTINGS. HA.STlNGS, 31"c IL An inquest on the body of the unfortunate gaolor of Hastings, James Wellerd, who -was murdered on Monday by a prisoner named John Idurdock, an account of which appeared in our yesterday's impression, was held this day, at S o'clocl;, at the Town-hall, before 31r. Grouse, deputycoroner for the borough. The jury viewed the body of the deceased, which was lying in an apartment at the gaol, and the throat and face bore evident signs of strangulation, fingermarks being strongly observable. The principal witness examined was a boy named George Wrght, aged 14 years, a lad who was in custody on The same charge with the murderer Xlurdock, and he described minutely the fact of she prisoner having seized the old man with his right arm round his neck, pressing the deceased's face with his left, mutil he completely overpowered him. Ile then ransacLed the doceased's pocLets for the purpose of securing the key of the gaul dvur, but, fail in fnding it, he subseq uently scaled the walL Previously the matron had called out from anl upstalr window, and the prisoner then locked the stair door, ad said be had a poker for her, at the same time holding a poker in his hand. Witness also stated that he was not on ery good terms wvith Mrzdock, becaulse he (Wright) wouli not do as hetoldhiim lrdock wished him to escape at the same time, and, as he would not do so, he swore at him. The matron, the dauglter-in-law of the deceased, deposed t the fact that about a fortnight ago the deceased told her that a prisoner named French had wrned him to be oai his gaard in the morning, but French said he would say no more. The prisoner3lurdock isa powerfulfellow, standingabouft 5 feet 10 inches. Since his capture he ls eibited signs of contrition, and cries bitterly at times. The same nighfS he made the following statement, after being duly cautioned! by the inspector:-"II did not intend to 1d1 the gentleman. ff I had known the man was dead, I should have given myself up at 8 o'clock. I have done too much; I amn gailty, and I shall die for it-Oh, dear, oh, dear! The gentleman. was a hind man, and as good as a father to me; and I shall die for it. What you said about knowing Ome in ILndon is right. Will you write a letter to my father, who lives at lNo. S, Three Colt-street, Old Ford, Bow, near Lonaon 7" A pot ?nortem examination was made of the body of the deceased hy Mr. Tieehurst, surgeon, ana he gave it as his opinion that death resultedfrom strangulation. A verdict of " Wilful 3furder"wsras returned agamnstthe prisoner Furdock, and he stanrds committed under the coroner's wfarrant. The prisoner was not present during thc exaination.
i "Dl WEHITTYt'.-AISSE EPRTO-rWARBUPTON.'- BREACH OF P2O8MISE OF MABRIAGEI TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Eavins found that a statement in The sTmes newspaper of the lath ilt. has been quoted into several papers both in England and Ireland, and, on accunt of the source whence it originated, has gained. belid aumong those unacquainted ith the real facts, may Ibeg that you will do me thejustice to insert in your columns this letter, as I most emphatically contradict the report that I took any, so small a sun as " 100l., with the costs of the action," to consent to a compromise and the 'withdrawal of the record. The following is the passage in Tihe T7mas to which I allude:- "Disappointments, like misfortunes, seldom come single, and scarcely had the libel case (I'White v. Tyrl') been thus sammarfly disposed of, wheait was announced that an action for breach of promnise of marriage, brought by a stail gentleman against a lady, had been settled out of court. Thc plaitiffwas a civil engineer named Witty, and the de- fendant a Miss Warhurton, who. is said to be connected with some of the iirst families in 1gland. and Ireland; a bouus, it is reported, of 100., wsith the costs of the action, sufficed to heal the 'wonds- inicDted o the sensitivw spirit of the disappointed swain." With respect to this I distinctly repeat that no "bonus" 'what. scever was received by mm. 1y solicitor on the occasion, Mr. William Carey, of Sir Matthewv Barrington's office, Bly-place, was, as a matter of course, paid his costs, 1001., by the opposite party, for whicb, as costs, he gave his receipt, and, on my part, I consented to the removal of the ladavs signature from iTe requisition for the marriage license, lodged at the Queen.'s Inns, in the offiice of the Consistorialb Ooa. in consenting to acomprocnise I was inffienced, nsot bymoney, for Ireceived none, but by a feeling ofT consideration -for the' lady, believing that she acted not' altogether from her OWn inclination, but nuder the advice of her brother, 1ord hIeath, her brother-in-law, and her couusin the Earl of Derby, 'with ot,her friends, and ais that my. lamented uncle, (lenorsl 'Witt, whee e*tates I nowv inherit, and who was to, have been e~e of he trustees to tih. marriage settlements, had not wed a to persevere in thee - action. I am, Sir, Your obedient sernt. JOAN IRWI ,NR -WHINY 1TA 1>.. Civil a,cd Uniing XIigpleer.;0 15, Hen ietta-street, Dublin,. Xarch 10.
lONDOJY, WEDNWSDAY, MARCH 12, 1856. In the House of Lords yesterday, The Earl of DEEBY, according to notice, asked Lord PASEnn whether he was prepared to confirm a statement made by Mr. MONSaiz, the Clerk of the Ordnance, in the House of Commons, relative to frauds committed in a contract with the Ordnance Department for mortars; and, if those charges were true, to state the- name of the firm guilty of deception in concealing the defects in the mortars supplied; also when, and by whom, the defects were discovered; whether they were discovered before the arms were sent abroad for service; and whether any steps had been taken to bring the parties by whom they were supplied to punishment? Lord rAruwu regretted that there was too much ground for the statement made by the Clerk of the] Ordnance. The mortars had been tampered with for the purpose of concealing defects in the casting, and the fraud was discovered during the testing experiments made on Thursday last. These mortars were supplied as part of a contract by MLessrs. Gmssm. Tn one of them, which burst under the test, a piece of iron had been inserted behind the breech, so sdl- tUlly 5UrEwt:d h tl iUV tRtL fX4ua u VUaY dY I u1t W detect. This led to an examination of the other four, which it was found had also been pieced with iron in the same naanner, or were made of very defective metal. The firm had already been erased from the list of Government contractors; but whether the Government had the power of proceeding against it by law was a point he had not yet been able to ascertain. The Earl of DEPnBY expressed himself generally satisfied with the explanation, but hoped the Government was inquiring into the state of the law with the view of proceeding criminaly against the contractors. Lord PAmruns stated that an inquiry would be made. Lord STANL of AnDmnEn moved the second reading of the Agricultural Statistics Bi11. He detailed the provisions of the act, which is to be carried out chiefly through the organization of the Poor Law Board. Lord Duxoiamox condemned the compulsory means proposed for obtaining the information required, and thought it would be considered by the farmers an intrusion on their private affairs. The country ought to have more time to consider the bill. The Earl of DnuBY admitted the necessity and importance of obtaining correct agricultural statistics, no less to the farmers themselves than to the country at large; he was convinced also that the voluntary principle could not be relied on, and that, to be effective, the measure must be compulsory; but he doubted whether the boards of guardians of the poor were the best machineryby whichit could be worked,and suggested thatthe returns shouldbemade to the petty sessions of each district. It was not necessary to return the amount of produce from each farm, but from each district as a whole; the form of return might also be advantageously simplified. After a short discussion the bill was read a second time, with an understanding that the next stages of the measure would not be unduly pressed on the House. The Mutiny Bill, the Marine Mutiny Bill, the Consolidated liund Bill, the Drainage Act Advances Bill, and the Delamere Forest Bill were read a second time. The Leases and Sales of Settled Estates Bill was read a third time and passed. A bill, brought in by the LORD CANCE;L0Eo, to amend the Coumty Courts Act was read a first time. The House then adjourned. The Commons did not " make a House."
What a thing it is to have a good agricultural character ! "One man," they say, "may open " the gate and takle out the mare, while another " man may not even. look over the fence." The political economists have been trying for- these many years to get some account of our husbandry and harvests, so as not to be quite in the dark as to the most important part of our material condition. But the British farmer is a suspicious being, and as much afraid of public scrutiny as the Arab mother is of the stranger's eye on her child. There is no saying what might not happen. At all events, it could be for no good. On no point, indeed, has there been so much uncertainty. Our merchants know pretty well the quantity of cotton, of tea, of sugar, and all kinds of foreign produce imported for any time past, or nlow in the country. People initerested in the iron trade, or in any other metal, know the average yield of our mines, and of our furnaces.. There is hardly an article in which we are not so well and so promptly informed that the instant there is reason to apprehend a deficiency the producers everywherehave notice. If we cannot get linseed in Russia we get it from India, and if hemp mms short we have time to get it from the MIediterranean. In the produce of our own fields alone is there ignorance and uncertainty. We get our information as beggars get their bread-from hand to mouth. In tae very midst of harvest there springs up a general persuasion that it is a short one; prices rise rapidly, - and for months we all fancy ourselves on the eve of a famine ; when, lo and behold, all at once this is found out to be a ceftainly' is for the interest of all parties to know the true state of the case as early as possible, for nobody has a real and lasting interest in public ignorance. So the economists-that much reviled class-have been for some time proposing a 'system of retuns, and moBt unpopular has the project hitherto been with the people on whose co-operation it depended for success. Eat no sooner is a bill for the purpose fairly propounded and brought into the Upper House than Lord DEssr gets up and declare hmself all along sensible of the extreme importance of accurate agricultural statistics. Who else could have said this without utterly losing the confidence of the farmer ? But there is something expansive and liberal in intelligence. Lord DERBY is himself a man who wishes to know whatever is worth knowing, and he has no wish to keep it to himself, or trufst to some peculiar channel of information. So he boldly speaks out for compulsory agricultural returns. Lord3s M&LESBRuY, DuwlXGAwNoz, EimmmoROUG}H, and HAoDWIoro take care to let it be known there are difficulties in the way. The returns must be secret, through the quietest possible channels, addressed by every farmer in the kingdom to the care of some great father confessor in the metropolis, who is' to smm up all their confessions, and give the totals to the public. What an amount of wrongdoing and foul play does this presuppose I To be a farmer's friend in these days does not mean a eulogist of the agricultural character. On the contrary, the politicians who profess to represent the farmer against cotton-spinners and freetraders generally represent him as the most selfish, secret, mendacious, and fraudulent of beings, utterly incapable of truth so long as there is the smallest chance of the truth telling against him. For our part, and so far as regards the mode of these returns, we incEne to the belief that publicity, entire publicity, is the surest pledge of truth. There are few men who will not take extra pains to be accurate when they know that what they say is read by all the world. We are warned somewhere that That we say in the ear will be one day proclaimed from the housetop; so we cannot see the wisdom of assuring the farmer that he may say what he likes, for he will never be called to account for it. As Lord E'NoB ROUGH observed, however, suspicion and prejudice are not the only obstacles to a grand return. Complicated schedules are very troublesome, and sometimes very puzzling, things to fll up, and farmers are particularly deficient in that kind of acholarship most required in these tasks. When a yeoman has a quiet half-hour al to hinself, and without anything pressing, he is more likely to do his own accounts or read the newspaper than fill up a schedule with twenty columns for the public.convenience. If the schedule is to go straight up to town, and never meet the eye of anybody near enough to correct a blundering return, he is likely to take very little trouble about it. People who recommend this course, and who suppose all farmers in a conspiracy to conceal the truth from their landlords and the public in general, overlook an important consideration-viz., that the closest farmer in the woild may feel that he will have some equivalent for being obliged to tell the truth in having all his neighbours, and all the farmers iR the country, in the same predicament. As Lord DEBY truly observes, a farmer would rather be obliged to make the return than make it optionally, because in the former case he has the security that all the rest wil mak.t,r ., t Io + . no security at all. The loss a man might su{Eer by telling the precise number of acres under wheat and under green crops is of the most imaginary and chimerical character; the gain to be derived from knowing exactly the prospects of the harvest, the quantity of land under the different kdnds of Cultivation, and the probable yield, is very great and substantial. Farmers will perceive this and make their returns, expecting criticism and prepared to criticize. In the controversy the truth will come out, and we shall know something about the harvest, which as yet we can hardly be said to have done. Before the bill goes further it would, however, be as well if its promoters could form some kind of estimate as to the expense of the returns and annual valuation. Supposing the acreage under the several kinds of crops to be retumed by the occupiers, there would be considerable expense in the mere distributibn of several hundred thousand forms, their collection, classification, and analysis. It could hardly be much less than the cost of a census. The returns as to the condition of the crops, and their probable yield, would, it appears, be committed to the officers of the Union to make out, and would be no easy matter, requiring much care and a practised eye. It would amount to an annual valuation of the whole soil of England, and could not be done except at a considerable cost. Now, whatever the advantages of these returns, we must say that 100,0001. a-year, for examnple, seems a considerable price to pay for better information. It is true this part of the subject belongs to the House of Commons, but either in one House or the other it would be necessary to state very early how much such an act would add to the continually increasing rates and taxes charged on house and land. As the Poor Law officers have less to do than they most of thee had when they were appointed they might be fairly required to work the proposed measure without any further remuneration. On the other hand, if the returns were collected by the magistrates, as proposed by Lord DllRnBYs their clerks would expect to be handsomely paid. This is, indeed, a minor consideration, but there is a great tendency to go - on adding little charges to land, first for one thing, then for another, as if the resources of land were inexhaustible. How is the information collected in other countries? How in Russia, quoted by Lord STAYL?n or ALDnrLEY last night? We will venture to say the returns there do not cost 100,0001., or even a quarter of that sum.
It is amusing to see a man fairly carried of his legs by the tide of public opinion, floating down the stream, against which he struggles in vain, and bome rapidly onward towards regions of thought and action 'the very last which he would wish to visit. Still more amusing is it when a man is obliged to wear the colours of the parly by which he has -been vanquished, to adopt their ideas, to imitate their language, and to assiue the appearance of being a convert to doctrines which, in his heart, he abhors and detests. - These are the miseries incident to long life and obstinate convictionsi-miseries of which Lord ST. LEoz;ARe'S seems to have had more than the ordinary portion. Law' reform' is the fashion of the day, and Lord ST. LEoNARD'S, aspiring to be a man of the age in which he lives, must, at whatever cost, school-himself to speak of law reform with respect. ' On the other hand, he indenuifies himself by exercising to the full his faculty of finding objections to every specific proposition that can be laid before him. Good or evil, everything that is new seems to fill him with abhorrea'ce, and he argues with equal earnestness against the wisest and the best as'against the worst and weakest propositions that come. before him. Thus a bill is introduced into the House. of Iords to allow tenants for life, with the- consrent of the _ ^. - 11 1 0 - -4-1 4 instead of applying, aa they must now do, for a private act of Parliament. The expense will sa, Lord ST. Lww&uVs admits, very small, and the delay no greater; but still Lord Sr. LEoNAnD6s hopes that the biU will not be extended to Ifeland, and prognosticates direful consequences from its passing. The Court of Chancery, he tells us, at present works well; the Masters are abolished, and the Clerk does the Masters' work, under the superintendence of the Judge; but, if the Judges are overworked, they will no longer look after their Clerks, and the Clerk-s will speedily take to themselves all the jurisdiction of the Masters, so that the last state of that Court will be worse than the first; therefore we must not improve the law of settlements, for fear we should spoil the organization of the Court of Chancery. Surely it might have occurred to Lord Sr. LEONAIW'S, as it would to almost any less gifted person, that the Judges of the Court of Chancery are not a constant quantity, and that, if the necessities of the public demand increased work to be done, the public is also rich enough to give increased facilities for doing it without overworking its Judges or ruining the organization of its Courts. -Equally unhappy, as it appears to us, is Lord ST. LuoNAnD's in his strictgres. on the plau for giving the Irish Court of Chancery power of conferring a Parliamentary title on any one who had purchased estates through its agency. In the first place, Lord ST. LzoNA's' is again dreadfully afraid of overworking the Court of Chancery by giving it duties to perform which ,ill make it what it never has been yet-extensively popular and serviceable, not in protracting, but in preventing legislation. In the next place, he is dreadfully afraid lest the interest of those in remainder should be sacrificed to the interest of those in possession, and the present generation should live a little more for itself and a little less for posterity. The results are not very dreadful if true, but in no degree, so far as we can see, follow from a proposition the essence of which is the selling land for a fair equivalent and settling the proceeds of the sale to the same uses as* the land so sold. In the third place, Lord St. LO6ARV's is terrified lest Judges should prove less accurate inquisitors than conveyancers, and pass flaws in the title which ought, according to the practice of Lincoln's-inn, to have avoided the purchase altogether. To these dismal fears there seem to be two answers,-first, that the experience of the Encumbered Estates Court shows that it is possible to find Judges sufficiently sharp to manage these matters without passing bad titles; and, secondly, that the enormous public advantages of a Parliamentary title are such as entirely to counterbalance any possible injury to individuals. But while dissenting from these portions of Lord Sr. LuoNAun's argument, we cannot but think that he reasons with great force and cogency against the proposed absorption of the powers of that Court in the Couir of Chancery. It may be quite true that the Encumbered Estates Court was a species of revolutionary tribunal, framed in times of social disorganization to transfer, by a speedy but effectual method, the ownership of land in Ireland from those who merely held it, without money or spirit to improve it, and who looked upon it as little more than a pledge for the enormous debts with -wbich they had loaded it, to persons willing and able to cultivate and improve it. We will not now stoD._ to_r=ason against~ sukoi a conclusion, or argue that a permanent land tribunal, separated from all other jurisdictions-cheap, simple, and expeditiousa public agency invested with a public guarantee,, miht be a mighty boon to a nation, even though entirely divorced from the all-engrossing jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery. We will not argue this, for, in truth, whatever be the ultimate form which things are to take, the Encumbered Estates Court has by no means yet discharged those extraordinary and exceptional duties for the sake of which it was founded. The Encumbered Estates Court is three years in arrear, and has three millions of money to distribute ; and, this being the case, we can imagine no proposition more preposterous or unreasonable than for the sake of uniformity and consolidation to swamp the Court of Chancery with this enormous amount of business, and weigh down the great ordinary tribunal of the country under the mass of business created by a temporary emergency. To take the arrears of one Court and carry them to the account of another already fully occupied is surely the worst possible way of facilitating the despatch of business. It may be that it will be desirable to vest in the Court of Chancery the powers of a land tribunal. The subject is under the investigation of a Committee of the House of Commons, and we do -not venture to offer an opinion in anticipation of t;he report. But, if so, the Court of Chancery should be started fairly on its course, exonerated frola all past arrears, and left to deal only with fresh business as it arises. It will be time enough to -consider whether we ought to abolish the Endumbered Estates Court when that Court has coilpleted the mission with which it was originally intrusted. Such is very far from the case, and we hope sincerely that no rash interference will prevent the thorough execution of a scheme which may fairly rank among the boldest and the happiest that ever were planned for the-regeneration of a sinking nation. In the inconsistencies of our law reformers, as pointed out by Lord ST. LIEoNPA's, in the introduction of the same plan, a little modified, by the same Government, int6the two Houses of Parliament-in the proposition of one set of regulations for England and- another for Ireland, we seem to see, not merely, as Lord ST. LEONARD'S puts it, the faults of an Administration, but rather the want of an administrative department-the Department of Justice, which should give arrangement, method, and system to these disjointed efforts, and bring into harmony not only the law reformers of the Houses of Lords and Comnmons, b;it those who, with -such different views and notions, are legis- lating in so discordant a spirit for different parts of the United Kingdom.
!It will scarcely be believed by persons who are not -immediately interested in the communication with our Australian colonies that upwards of three months is consumed in the transmission of a letter from Melboumne to London. The outward passage is performeed in some eight or nine days less. This we give as the general average, but the result must not be regarded as invariable, or even ! regular, for, in that case, it wouild be more tolerable. There is nothing so uncertain as the itime which will be required for the transmission of a letter between these great colonies and the jnother' oiuntry, and vice versd. Now, when it is considered that in the year 1853, according to a return made. to the House of Commons in M*Ly, 1854, the declared value of the iMports I of British goods into the Australian colonies attained the figure of 14,506,5321., it will be readily understood that very important interests are involved in the solution of this postal question. The trade between ourselves and: our countrymen at the antipodes is completely disorganized by our caselessness anud improvidence on this importaut lnL- Om experiment was made 1of Good Hlope. The publiu will, no doubt, have A- padnfully accurate recollection of the result of that unfortunate proceeding.. fisfortunes of every kind, from within and without, fell upon these Australian steamers, and at length, after the experiment had been tried by two companies, it was considered a failure and abandoned. Since that period we have had a semi-monthly service by way of Suez, which was maintained with tolerable regularity until the present war, when it was suspended. On the 4th of the present month a meeting of the General Association for the Australian Colonies was held in London, and the result ef their deliberations has just been published. They maintain that it was impolitic and unjust to suppress the Australian and to maintain the Chinese line, for the relative importance of the lines is shown by a comparison between the imports of these two quarters of the globe. Whereas in the year 1853 the value of the Australian imports from England was 14,506,5321., the value of the China imports was only 1,787,675?. These gentlemen say, and say with apparent reason, that " there was no necessity for "the suppression of the Australian post line, for, "had the comparatively unmportant China mail " service been selected for discontinuance, it is " clear that the due transit of the Australian mails "need never have been interrupted. This becomes "even more apparent when it is considered that "the relative lengths of the two lines are abuat "equal, and employ the same number of ships." This appears to be avery satisfactory answer to the statement which is invariably made whenpever this subject is brought forward, to the effect that the temporary interruption of our postal communication with Australia is a necessary consequence of the hostilities in wlich we are at present engaged. Having thus disposed of the general objection, the members of the Australian Association address themselves next to the question of the preferable route for steamvessels between England and Australia. There are four principal routes-namely, the two late mail routes 7vi4 the Cape and vih Singapore ; the route projected by Panama; and, Snally, the routein adiagonal lineacrossthelEndian Ocean, by way of the island of Diego Garcia; this is the line which is viewed with favour by the Association. We proceed to exract from the petition to the Treasuiry their statement of the comparative distances and of length of passage, in which they profess tb be mnainly guided by the calculations ot the Eydrographer Royal for the Parliamentary Steam Committee. The figures are calculated upon the run from Dover to Melbourne. The distance, then, by way of the Cape is 13,367 miles; the duration of the passage, 64 days. The distance by way of Singapore is 11,521 miles; the duration of the passage, 64 days. The distance by way of Panama is 12,686 miles;-the duration of the passige, allowing four- days for stoppages, and taking the speed at 10 knots, would be 56 days, 21 hotTs. Finally, on the route by way of Diego Garcia, recommended by the Asociation, the distance is 10,348 miles; the duration of the passage is estimuted at only 44 days. - This island of Diego Garcia, or the Great Chagos, lies directly in the tra,k of a ship sailing from Aden to King Georges Sound, and is aboat midway between the 31auzitills and Ceylon. The harbour is described as well shel tered and free from hurricanes, and the island as admirably adapted for a coaling station, just at the very point where one is wanted. The Association base their calculation upon the assumption that 10 knntsi an hour -will represent the speed attained; but they, at the same time, remind the Treasury that the Eimalaya has already managed to cover 14 knots; and that the Persia, constructed for Cunard's Line, averaged 14; knots upon her recent trial trip. There is not'a shadow of doubt that, as the minds of ingenious men are more directed to these subjects, a far greater speed than 10 knots will be obtained. To recur to the Diego Garcia route-the time occupied between Dover and Aden, via Marseilles, Alexandria, and SSuez, is well known . by experience. Inclusive of all necessary stoppages and delays, it is, say, 15 days and a few hours, which includes a stoppage of 12 houris at Aden. Starting from this point the rest of t he calculation stands thus:- Time. 3fi1e& Dree. HOuM Aden to Diego Garcis ... . .. 2,074 S 15 Stoppage at Diego Garcia ... ... - 0 12 Diego Garciato King George's Sound 3,113 12 3 Stoppage there ... ... .. - 0 12 King Georges Sound to Melbourne 1,380 5 1S The Association takeinto calculation an allowance for accidental delays of I day 14 hours, and thus attain their -ultimate figure of 44 days for the entire run. WVe do not think we are over-sanguine in the expectation that many a person now living will perform the distance between Dover and Melbourne in a month of 31 days. It is just three times the distance between Liverpool and New York, and this ran has been already reduced in the good season to 13 days, and there is mnuch and speedy improvement very confidently anticipated. Nor must it be forgotten that from Dover to MIarseilles, 799 mniles, is, the brief Channel-run excepted, performed by rail; and that from Cairo to Suez, 207 3niles, a rail will soon be laid down. Thus, for - one-tenth of the distance between Dover and Melbourne we can rely upon the locomotive, and we know what that will accomplish. In the midst of these AiAscHAs dreams let us not, however, lose sight of the urgent necessity of the present case. Our last advices from Melbourne are of the 14th of November. The Australian colonies have offered most munificent subsidies if the Government will set the line fairly to work. The Treasury folks talk of delay, and of references to Australia, and reports home, which would invorve upwards of a twelvemonth's delay. The point is to put a couple of first-class steamers on the station between Aden and Melbourme at once, as soon as coal is lodged. The colonists are only too eager to pay. With t'hem postal communication is a question of prosperity or embarrassment-of life or death.
COU:RT CIBCULAB. HerBoyalHighness the Duchess of Kent visited the Queen yesterday. 1Prince Victor of Hohenlohe returned to 'town from Frogmore, and remains at Buckingham Palace on a visit to Her Majesty. The Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, attended by Colonel the Hon. C. B. Phipps and Mr. Gibbs, visited the 'works of the Chartered Gas Company, in the Horsefer'Yroad. Prince leopold visited the Duchess of Cambridge at her residence in St. James's Palace. Mr. Jerry Barrett had the honour of submitting his picture to an inspection of Her Majesty and his Royal Highness Prince Albert at Bucdin-ham Palace. HerMajesty. and his -Hogai Highness Prince Albert, accompanied by her Royal gighness the Princess Helena and Prince Victor of Hohenloheo honoured the Olympic Theatre 'with their presence in the evening. In attendance were Ljady Churchill, Lord Camoys, Major-General Backley, and Captain the Hon. D. de Ros. Her R oyal Higwhness the Duchess of Xent arrived at Clarence.house,1 S. James's, yesterday niormiilins frora Frogmnore, an1d paid a' visit to 'the Duchess of G}locester at GJloceater-house. The Duchess of Xent, attenided by L ady Fanny HIoward and Sir George Couper, 5Xtefl ards returnled to Frogmnore. A deputation--consisting of the Earl of Shaftesbury, thle Earl of Malmesbury,. xr. Banh;es, MP., Mr. Sey-ner, M.P., Mr. Compton, lLP., Sir J. Carnac, bLP., Mr. FrantUyn, ILP., and Admiral Walcott, x.P,-had an iuterview with Lord Stanley of Alderley yesterday at the Board of Trade. -A deputation on the sihject o postal communication with Anustria had an interview 'with Mr. V'1lson ye6terday 4 the Treasury.' The depllt5on consisted of Colondi [Robe (formerly Governor of South AusBtalia), Mr. C. r. 2Mewenh mnjSheriff of Adelaide), r. F. Tatton (of Adolaide), Mr. Ii. Elder. Mr. John 'lren, am(i Messrs. James __t8l!ttho7~~~~1.- tod db; lfr.
S:ECOND EDITILo% THE TIMES OFIF cE, W me,&yXo RUSSIA. (By SUBMAXINE .AD 3IIISE TELEOPGrAPH.) We have received the following telegraphic despatch from our Vienna correspondent :_ " VIENNA, TuxSDAY EvzNflio, hf&a: } L "The Oeserreiciscle CorreVo adeus has the followinu - The typhus is committing fearful ravages at Odessa. There is sad mortlity among the physicians. The longing for peace is general.'" EXPRESS FROM¶ PARIS. The following is the letter of our Paris correspondent, dated yesterday, 6 p.m.:- * I have stated that the Conference of Saturday last was not quite so satisfactory as the preceding ones. The terin satisfacfory ought not to be uniderstood as implying that any new or insurmounntable obstacles had arisen, but only that the business got over was not equal to the anticipations of some of the Plenipotentiaries. The sitting of yesterday produced, I am told, no sensible progress in the negotiations, and was confined to discussions of t6o general a character. We are now in the third week of the Conferences; and itis complained that affairs have not made way as they ought, or as they were expected. I told you on Sunday that it -was determined that matters should be conducted much more5 actively, a-ad be concluded sooner than was at first anticipated; and the meeting of yesterday, such as it is described, makes it necessary to be more expeditious. The Emperor is said to be of opinion that too much is said and too little done; that the work, in fact, bears sma proportion to the words, and that a change in the Course of proceeding is lesirable. The Plenipotentiaries did not meet tolay; they may meet to-morrow, though, I believe, lhis is as yet uncertain; but whether it be tonorrow or the day after, I am pretty safe in as. auring you that a new impulse -will be given to the lespatch of business. 1f I may credit the information that has reached me, it would seem that at the next sitting it will be proposed to come to an understanding on the more important conditions, to adopt them formally and irrevocably, -with a view to a definitive treaty of peace; and to leava other points of secondary interest to bh settled by a Conamission. For instance, the principle rf tle rectification of the Ottoman territory being idmitted by Russia, it will be considered whether it is alsolutely necesary to spend much time in the Rxirg the particular line in.Bessarabia which is to be thepnew frontier of M1oldavia instead of the PruthSeveral of the Plenipotentiaries appeared to be little )gcqiwunted with the topography of those parts, and' Coiit Orloff and Baron Brunow were said to have aemo strated that the character of the soil -was not it all%uch as was described, and that the mountain ,hain \ea,hi3ng close to the sea only existed in their imaginXtion. If the mountain does not come to- fahoxnt, Mahomet must go the mountain. If mountaias do not nise at the bidding of the Plenipo4ntiaries, they must be sought for elsewhere \than whert they imagined them. Again, e priciple ef a change in the admisistratio of the Prirsipalities beimg once established ad acceded to by Russia, and, of course, by Austria what necessy is there to occupy, the fime of the'2enipotentiaies vwith long debates whetiserYPrince tirbey, or whoever else be chosen for Wallachia, slll be appdnted for life or only for a term of yeal; whetier the present or future Sovereigos of\these mfortunate countries be a stranger or a ctive; r whether the provinces of M.oldavia and ' allachil shall be united or continue separate? On \wo gnat points we are informed Russia maikes atple cmncession-namely, the neutralizaton of thI Bl3#ck Sea w"ith all its consequences, the disit of the forzresses, and the non-reconstruction Of tomarsund: but a CommisLionl might quite as atvantageously fix the limits between the Russiaitand Ottoman territory in Asia. In a word, itwill be proposed to adopt with as little delay s p)ssible the points <>he rejection of which involresa coisIts boe7i, and to leave to future regulation b a Commission those which have not such a charm ct W When the proceedings of the Congress are kept secret it is hazardous to enter into particulars t ching them, but the state of affairs I have just entioned bears the imipress of probability. The information is from a good source, and it moreover coincides to a certain extent with 3 fact of which I have no doubt, and vhich I mentioned on Sunday last, namely, the deterniination to cary on the negotiations with greater activity than at first proposed. This determination would lead to the inference that during the first four or five sittings a great deal of business had not been gone through. Time is passing on rapi2ly, the days are getting long and the wveather is becoming mild, and there is every necessity for haste. It is known that typhus is among the French troops at Constantinople, and is cutting off numbers; aud though 25,000 men are ready to sail at a moment's notice fromnMarseilles and Toulon, to ill up all vacancies, yet the sooner 'e are out of our mncertainty the better. There are other rbas.;D; too of a particular kind to which I have alrealy alluded, an< which make the Emperor of the Fmench desirous oi bringing the Conferences to anearly sonclusion. It is affirmed that Count 00loff anh_Count 13dol continue to show marked coldn-ess in elelr iniercourse with each other. At an official soiree last night tfley were not seen to sy ak,or even to bow as they met. The following priTate tele apbic despatches lEe been received:- " 31A ESE S, MARCH 1L "The Euphrate has just ar ed, sith accounts from Constzntinople to the 3d. " Ismail rasba was preparing start for Erreroun. "A slight declne has taLen p Ice in the exchanges. "' The tPessc d'OHeni annol' ues that the 311nister of Finance is busily engaged in dev4ng means for putting an end to the perturbation which estsin coramercial airs. -The prohibition of the eXpOr if cotn is maintained. "Accounts from the Crimea Go the lst state that the health of thetroops has iiprokd. The 'weather; has be. coine milder. - "cA line of neutral ground h .bee traced out between the allies and the Russian anms, in executioa of the armistice. This line is limitediby the. Tchernaya. Ths army is well sUnplied with fresh 'getables." "X :EO1lIGSBERG, bMF?;c-IL "Accounts from St. Petersbu* state that the Governmeat has just published a plan foi' the fresh organization of the, new frontier army of the Bahkirs of Orenbarg. This armiy will be composed of 12 rgnments of cavalry and a brigade of horse artillery." .BERtLN, 3L.xrO1110. "Thea Bounge Gazctte has contridicted, by authority, the runour of the departure of 3L df Nesselrode. A Prussian. courier left yesterday for St. Petels'burg." "lk3URG, MLicE 10. "Bv order of the Admiralty thb Euryalus frigate has left Kiel, in order to go and notify the state of blockade at all the Russian ports in the Baltic." A Paris letter in the bidpendace of Brussels says.- " The Pope has signified to the Emperor of the Frennc his acceptance of the oflico of godfather, but the intelligence re6 ceived on the subject does not imply that the Holy Father will corne in person to Paris. He vill have time, however, to decide, for the baptism 'will not, it,is shid, hke place before June." The members of the Municipal Council of rgjP were officiallry iniformed ou the 9thk, tat they r
PRINCE JEROME BONAPARTE. The Moniteur of yesterday publishes the following bulletins of the health of his Imperial Highness Prince Jerome Napoleon " MODAY, MAIRCH 10, 8 A.M. " His Imperial Highness did not pass so quiet a night as thepreceding one; sleep was interruptedby coughing. There is no fever. "3 o'CLoaL "The frequencyof the cough has considerably diminished. He had two hours of calm sleep. HALF-PAST 10 r.M. " A return of the pulmonary inflammation has rendered & new application of leeches necessary, and the patient has been given a stibiated draught. " RAYER. "I.E HTLOCO."
DINNER AT THE A1ANSION-HO USE TO THE AMEBICAN MfINISTER. Last night the Lord MIayor and Lady Mayoress entertained Mr. Buchanan, the American Minister and a select party at dinner in the Egyptian-hall of the Mansion-house, as a mark of respect and consideration on the occasion of hisleaving England as the representative of the United States to return to his niative country. The company incIhded, among others, Admiral Lord and Lady Eadstock-, and Iaeutenant-General Sir Harry Jones, Viscount Chelsea, M.P., Mr. Milner Gibson, ALF.. and Mrs. Milner Gibson, Lord James Stuart, Sir W. Abdy, Sir Edward Dering, M.P., Sir Walter B. Riddell, Sir T. H. Maddock, M-LP., 3fr. Rice, 3LP., Mr. Whatman, XP. Mr. Lee, 3LP., Mr. Lusington, lLP., Dr. W. M,itchell, MLP.. Mr. lMoncktonWilnes, hLP., Mtr. J. Pilldngton, I'P., Mr. Kershaw, MLP., MIr. Swift, M.P., lr.AChristie. Heri Majesty's Minister to the Argentine Confederation; M1r. Wy'keham Martin, M.P., Mr. Bensal Osborne, MIP., Mx. Henry Pownail, the Consul-General for France, the Consuls-General Fl1etcherWilson, Hebeler, Heath and Mrs. Heath, Psichari, and lonides, &c. Oa the removal of the cloth the asual loy'al and patriotic toasts were drunk, that of the Army and Navy havnn been responded to respectively by Lieutenant-General Sir Harry Jones and Lord Radstock The LORD MAYoR. then said, he had among his visitors that evening a distinguished gentleman and an illustrious statesman, the Minister of the United States. (Cheers.) That gentleman was about to leave this country, his successor to this Court havin" been appointed, and being daily expected to arrive among us. He should have felt it a great reflection on his mayoralty and a manifest dereliction of duty if he had omitted such an opportunity of showing that mark of respect to the Yinister of the United States, which he had it mn his power to bestow as the chief magistrate of the city of London. At all times, the citizens of London had received, and lie trusted ever would receive, with more than ordinary pleasure the representative of the great TransAtltic Re public in this country; and it was in that sense, and also because he was about to return to his native land, that Mr. Buchanan was peculiarly welcome to partake of his hospitality. (Cheers.) He knew that he would carry with him the best wishes of the people of this country for his happiness and prosperity in his own land, and he hoped he would return there with no other than a kindly and an aidingrecollection of the great people aniong whom he had been so long resident. He gave them "the Health of Mar. Buchanan." (Loud cheers.) ir. Bucfhead.-esy Lord Mhayor, ladies, and gentle. men,-I receive with profound and grateful feelings this testimonial from the Present company of the regard in which they hold my country, for I do not attribute it to myself. I can say, however, in all trath and sincerity, that I sIall ever preserve a grateful memory of the kindness which I have invariably received in England. I have yet to mueet the airst English gentleman who has not treated me as If I had been avcountrymanrof his own. (Cheers.) I say nothimg of the ladies, because I ought not to speak of them, although they are the fairest part of the creation. I shall carry home with me every sort of grateful feeling towards the people of this country, among whom I have never felt myself a stranger. Speaking the same language, having read the same books, having had intercourse with a kindred free people, I have always spoken my sentiments freely and respectfully in every societyhn which I have been; I have invariabMy found that an Ehnglish gntleman treated me kindly, and if we differed in opinion wce have had a fair argument, and we have always parted in peace and friendshp. Wlith regard to the two colntries, what a dreadfulmisfortune it would be to the whole human race if they should ever again be involved in war! (Hear, hear.) How it would in3ure and throw back the cause of eivilization and of human liber a! (Ihear, hear.) How it woexd delight the despots of the eaith to bnd those two nations destroineg themselves, and in that waytdestroying aevuretsoped progress tof teiedar (Cheers.) I hold it that theoecaynbeno politicalslaverywhere the Englishlanu,mage is the senprage of the countris (}tenwod uheors.) It is impossibuoi-and so far from there being any jealousy, so far from its being proper that there should be any jealousy in either cosntry as to the honest and fair extesion of the fronties of either, it ought to be considered a blessing to mankind that theyvshould have the opportunity of extendng their freedom and liberal institutions over all the unsettled parts of the earth. (Cheers.) I am sorry tosay that, with al these feelings and sentiments, from tLe irst separation of the two countries there has unfortunateIy always been a group of unsettled questions. There is a eloud now impending over their relations; hyut I trust in God and I believe that that cloud will be speedilydissipated, and that the soushine of peace and friendship will hecomr more and more bright between the two countries until all the dissensions which ever existed between them shall have passed away, and shall only Live in history as a record of the folly of two peoples who could for a moment suppose it possible to en,age in a fratricidal war. (Loud cheers.) I thank you again for the cordial manner in which yoin have responded to the proposal of my health, nd I be to assure you that I shall ever regard my residence in England as one of the bright periods of my life. (Cheers.) Mr. MONCnvON MmxYE3, M.P., briefly responded to the toast of "the Houses of Lords and Commons," proposed by -the Lord Mayor. Lord J. Sru.wRT gave " the Health of the Lord Mayor," which wFas drunk with enthusiasm. Several appropriate civic and other toast were proposed *from the Chair, and responded to in the course of the evening. Mfr. LUC1L4AAN, in a facetious and complimentary speech, gave "the Ladies," and the company separatedbetweenl10 and II o'clock.
PABLIAIEfTAY M NOTICES. HOUSE OF COMMONS. WEMDFSDAY. MATAR. 129 ORDBRS OF TIIE DAy. uormmsmoners or Sunn1y (Scotland) Bill-Second reading. Iteformatory Schools cotland) Bill-Second reading. Nlunicipal Reformn (Scotland) Bill-Second reading. Draughta on Bankers Bill-Second reading. B;isaucew Removal, &tc. (ScoUand) Bill-Secondreldinge BanYiruptcy (Sc4tland o Bil-Second readmig. e n ccioahioa BiUl-Second reading. Supply,-C4omnuttee. WZays and Mieans.-Committee. Mlarried Women's Revessionasy Interest BiU-Committee. Mr,.. Ewart,-To ask the Undor.Secretaey for the Colonies, whether any measures havo been adopted to do away with the inCrease stated to have heen made in the imeport duties on British mlanufactures by the Legis1ative Council of Xewvfonndlandt Also, the increase stated to have been Made in the import duties on Britishl manufactures by the Legislative Counec of Cape Coast Carle? Mr. Diwyn,-Bi to amend the act 16th and lMtU of Victoria chap. 30, for the better prevention and pnnlsbment of aggravated assaults upon women and children. Mr. * eagber,-Address for copy of the charter granted for the parpose of erecting the seminary at Quebec into an university.
SEIZURE OF ADULTERATED FLouB AT GooIE.- At theGoolepetty sessions, on Saturday, Messrs. Rhodesand Rockett, milers, carrying'on an extensive business atSnaith a.nd Goolei were charged with having a large quantity of adulterated flour and meal on their premises on the 1st inst. Mr. Superintendent Burke stated that on that day ho visited the defendants' premises, and on the millstone in the windmill he discovered a piece of white clay. In the flourmil1 he took samples out of one sack of each of nine lots of flour and meal. These samples had been submitted to Mr. Wood and Mr. Dresser, analytical chemists, Leeds. Mr. Wood stated that in one lot which he had analyzed he found three-quarters per cent. of alumina, which was equal to two per cent. of clay. Mfore or less, he discovered the presence of the same foreign substance in every lot except three. The substance found in the mil, he said, was silicate of alumina, or white clay, which is much used by paperstainers. The alumina appeared to have been introduced as clay, and the effect would be to give the flour a fine colour. A lad named Hillary, employed at the works, stated that he had taken two pieces of the substance produced {white clay), and had ground some to mix it in the flour and meal; he had seen the miller mix it two3 or three times. For the defence it was stated that samples of -the same flour had been analyzed by another gentleman (Mr. EIuggon,. of Leeds), who was unable to detect any foreign substance in them. There was no proof, however, that these sam p lea had been taken frorm the same sacks As those fromz which 31r. Burke had selected his. -The magistrates fined the defendants 101. and costs, and ordered the 16 sacks of adulterated flour found upon their premises to be sold for feeding swine, and the proceeds to be given to the rector of Goole for distribution among the poor. FESTIVAL OF THE. SAmARtrrA? INsTrArIoE.-The anniversary festival of this institution was celebrated last night at th6 London Tavern by a party small, but select. Lord Tondesborough was to have presided, but he sent a medical certificate at the last moment to the effect that indisposition precluded his attendance. The chair was, therefore, taken by Mr. C. Sneyd Edgeworth (brotheo of the authoress, and the list of stowards included tho names- of Mr. D). Ker, M.P., Mr. Wolverly Attwood, Mr. Chandos Pole, Mr. J. Penn, &c. The report of the society shows the great extent of benefit which it has conferred,- and still confers, on the lower orders, seeing that (luring last winter no less than 75,632 destitute persons were relieved by these "good Samaritans," while 15,431 attended Divine sezvice, and received scripture instruction at the institution, and 20,298. houseless poor made use of the free baths 'and lavatories. A sabecription of 250l. was announced at the close of the chairman's speech, proposing success to the charity. The arrangements of the festival, under the zuperwision of M. Fuinge and r. PiClmer, gave erery satiatSaction. The vocalists present were Miss Lucy Escott, Mr. IOFj Signorarlani, Mr. Allen, and lMr, aY I,e.
DESPA TCHES FROM THE OBIMBA. (From the lZeadn Gazee of Tuesday, March IL) WAR DEPARTM T, MARCH 10. Lord Panmure has this day reeeived a despatch and its enclosure, of which the following are copies, addressed to his Lordship by General Sir William Codrington, K.C.B. - SEBASTOPOI4 Fxr 26. My Lord,-I have the honour to inform your Lordship that a large portion of the infantry of the English army paraded, on the 24th inst., on the ridge of the plateau overlooldng the plain of Balaklava, where the ground had become sufficiently dry for the purpose. The troops were formed, by divisions, in a line of contiguous columns of battalions at quarter distance, extending for nearly a mile, and marched past at half distance. They w&e subsequently formed on a slope to the rear of the original line, in masses of columns by divisions, and again marched past in quarter distance. The day was fine, but cold, and the general appearance, cleanliness, and steadiness of the troops afforded all the utmost satisfaction, for the men look-ed in the finest health and vigour. Marshal Pelissier, General Durando, and a large number of officers of the French and Sardinian armies were observers of the fine bearing and efficiency of the troops. I enclose the weel4y report of Sir John Hall, Inspector-General of Hospitals, in which your Lordship will see recorded the excellent state of health of the army generally. I have, &§c., W. T. CODRINGTON, General Couxaanding. The Lord Paumure, &c. (Enclosure.) HEAD-QUARTERS, CAMP, CRIMEA, FEE. 25. Sir,-I have the honour to enclose the weekly state of sick to the 23d inst., and it affords me great satisfaction to be able to report not only a continuance of the excellent health which the army has enjoyed for some time past, but that no death from disease hes occurred during the week. I beleve one or two deaths from accidents took place out of liospital; but for an army of this strength, on service in the fLeld, to have lost no man by disease for a whole weel;, is a remarkable circumstance; and when it is taken into consideration that only 14 men have died in three weeks, little need be said about the charaoter of the diseases that have been prevalent in camp; and, as the ratio of sick to well is only 4i per cent., the sanitary condition of the army may fairly, I think, be pronounced satisfactory. Some of the divisionrs of the army have enjoyedlunusuallv good health of late; for instanee, the Highland Division at Kamara has had only one death for five weeks out of a strength of 4,8 men. IntheThirdDivision in camp no man hasdiedfor28 days out of a strength of 6,450; and in the Light Division no death has occurred for a fortnight out of a strength of 6,460. This favourable state of things does not, I am sorry to say, apply to the Land Transport, in which there is still a considerable amount of sickness among the young lads who have been sent out of late. I have, &c., J. HALL, Inspector-General of Hospitals. General Sir W. J. Codrington, K.C.B., Commander of the Forces. S It will be observed, in reference to General Codrington's late censure upon the correspondents of the Press, that Dr. Hall's " enclosure" gives the strength of the several Divisions-a crime especially imputed to the correspondents of the Press, but from which we have uniformly forborne.
TO THE} EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-I trlst you will give me an early opportunity of replying to a letterheaded. " Mlitary Courts of Inquiry," which appered in your columns of yesterday. I am iinnable to do so imtil I receive an answer to a letter which I have addressed to Lord Hardinge on the subject, his Lordship, at the nresent moment, being absent from London. I ani Sir vnnrz- Axe JOHN TATl. 1aior-Gnp.r l. IIariton Uuln, .Aarcn ii1.
THE Cou S AND BoRouGBs POLICE Bn.- Another meeting of- the Mayors of English boroughs was held at HIerbert's Hotel, New Palace-yard, Westminster, yesterday to consider the best steps to be taken in order to defeat the further progress of the Counties and Boroughs Police Bill, read for the second time in the House of Commons on Monday night. A long discussion took place, in the course of which considerable surprise was exprewsed at the large majority by which the Government had carried the second readin" of the bill, and also at the number of borough members v;ho had voted in its favour. It was unanimously decided that strenuous opposition should be offered to the further progress of the measure in its present form, and that G stand should be made in coimmittee upon the first clause, with the view of getting an amendment introduced to deprive it of its objectionable character, as it is that clause which defines the office, appointment, and duties of the chief cons.table of polce, so as to make him the nominee of the Home Secretary, and places the compulsory powers of the hill in his hands, instead of in the hands of the coUnty mastracy. Themeeting then adjourned. o [Adversement.)-" A Comparative Table" is just pnblihed, and forwarded free by post oreceipt of one stamp, by Samuel Brothers, 29, Lugdate-hill, shoVinThe highest and lowestprices of bread, floor, and wheat during each re-ar, from January 1, 1835, to December 31, I185. The purpose is to place atone glance before the reader a comprehensive view of all the relative vicissitudes of the breadand wheat markets under the variouscrcmmstances of national prosperity or reverse, and the Tarious fiscal regulations which have operated during the period in question. "The table is altogether ver suaggestlve.`'-Morznlng Advertiser. "The result of the bakers' competition may be plainly seen in thislittle table.'-Daily News. [Advertisement.]-Aiss Bunbury's New NoveL-Now ready, at all the libraries, in 3 vols., *C Our Own Stor',"by Selina Bunbury. "Written with great literary power and deep feeling, this interestin;g tale is not only a highly entertaining, hut an exceedingly instructive and improving book"- IJohn Bull." "The feeling with which it abounds is very genuine. and touches the hear"-" -xaminer."1 Also. just published, "*-Madeline Clae" by Colburn Mayne. Esq., 3 vols,; " The Lady of Fashion " by the author of " The Historyof aFlirt."c, 3vols,; "Racbel6ray,"byEissKavanagb, 1 vol.; "hMargaret and her Bridesmaids," bythe author of "-Woman's Devotion," 3 vols. Just ready. Hurst and Blackett, publisher successors to Henry Colburn. [Advertisement.1-Ca iptain Mnyat's Novels-price ls. 6d. each. " Peter Simple' inD be ready on the 15th of Ma-ch, and cannotfsilofmcetlngwriihan etrirordiusrysvle. The events of the lastfew rears have revivedthenational love of our Royal Navy, and C aptain Marrat's sea stories con-ain the best pictures of the scenes an the most faithful portraits of the characterawbhich abound in that branch of the service. FBew vill e able to resiSt the temnptation nowv that they are able to purchase these i nimitablc works in cighteenpennry volumes. Let our sailor novelist ho read by aLl classes; his graphic narratives willUrender the oalNavy more popularthan ever, and wil elevate the nationa character. " All realloversof their country have a good woed for bold and honest Captain MarryatY The volume for the 15th of April wil beo" The King's Own." price Ls 6d, by Captain Macat. London, George Routled6e and Co.. Farringdon-streetL [Advertisement.]-Easter Gifts and Easter Offerings.-It is wholly impossible to select a more appropriate, usefuL and acoeptable gift for daughter, sister. or wife than "Treasures in Nreedlewrke," by Mmrs Warren and Mrrs. Pauan (price Ss. 6d.. richly gilt), or the "PracticalHousewife," by the editors of the "FamilyFriend" (price 2s 6dL, strongly bound). These books have been universally commended,the lirstasbeing "a casket of treasures" (vide "dlustrated Iondon News," Jan. 26, 186), while the second work is spoken of as "$a capital handbooek- (ido " Athenseum," Dec. 29,1S555 " that every considerate housekeeper should consult" (side " Stamford Mercury. Nov. 16, 1855). Should the choice go beyond these reaLy cheap. goored and instructive volumcs, " Eegant Arts forLadies" (just out, 3. Gd., the " ife's Owvn Book of Cookery (nearly ready, Z,sG 6L), and "Bechstein's Handbook of Chamber and Cage Birds'" Oust out, 2iL ) are baoks that must prove both agreeable and instructive, Better works do not exist. They a-e beautifualy Mustrated, Ward and Lodee 153, Fleet-street, and sold byal booksellers, [Advertisement.]-W1ile the subject of national edAcation is being langnidly discussed in Parliament, and while faction is rendering abortive every measure that is proposed, private enterprise, ever inadvance of the Govemment, is enabling the people to educate themselves. Without the aid of an act of Parliament or of puElic money, any person may obtainfor 6d. a-month an education supeorir to that which nine-tenths of the middle class of society receive. On the 29th of March will appear the first 'weekly number of the reissue of " Cassels Popular Educator," edited by Professor Walace, A.ll, of the U:niversity of Glasgow, and Collegiate Tutor of the Universityof London, price 1>,.; to be published also in monthly parts, price d., oneId,}in divisions; in bandsome colouredwrapper. pricm Is.; and in hel-yearly volumes,price4s.; the whole complete in Six volumes, comprising an invaluahle library of useful knowledge, For the convenience of these wrho wishto complete sets withoult delay, or to purchase the entire work, the whole wil be kept onhand during thepenedof re-issue. The first three volumes mayalsobehad oninferior paper at Id. per number, 5d. and 6d. per part, s.,6Gd.per vol, or complete in 1 voL 9sf d. London, W. KentandCo.,Paternoster-row, and all booksellers and nvewsvenders in the united kingdom. J,Advertisement.]-To Booksellers in Tow. and Country, - Tne Englishvwoman's Domestic M1agnaine," new volmme. price 2s, Gd., cloth, is this day subsniibed in London, and, as the sae is ex- c'dto beexceedingrly large, early orders are respeculyruetd ocetntend nof the nlew volume of "The Englishwomain'sDomestic Magazine"-W0l columns, vitli more than 100 MUstrations by Birket Foster, John Gilbert, AL E, Dear, Rl.!Morin, and JunLan Portch-are Riogrphcal Sketc'hes of A-agustina Sragossa, Baroness Von der Waft, geatriie Cenci, Charlotte Corday, C-o mtess of Mfontfort, 'Faabeth F ry, Joan of Arc, Sydney Smith, and Madame de Maintenon, the Wife of Scarron, Tales.:-avanagh. by Longfellow, illustrated by Birket Foster-Grace Hetherleigh, illustrated by M, E. Dear-The Tale of the Opera of the Huguenots-Alicoe Eddlestone-Aunt Dolly's History-The Dirtbday Present-Ca tainJan -Evers-Charlotte MayThe Circassian-Cousin Emily-A Domestic Tragedy-A Leaf from the Life of anAuthor-Lose and Duty-31igdalen-Theldistaken Heart-The Nun about Town-Tbe Physician's Secret-Pretty Kate Cowley-Romance of Cyprus-The- Scarf and Cross-She I-Three Leaves-The Young Tragedian. 3liscellaneous Articles:-About Gloves-Acconat of a Certain Party-Anecdotes of Cookery-A Bachelor on Vulgar People-A Bad Case-Baldeagle on the Sea 3erpentBuried Alive-A Ullurchyard Rleverie-A Curiosity-Dicken's Apology -Domestic Show-rooms-French HousekeePi1g-)7ych Neowspaper Stories-Fudge Papers: I, The Bacheloc's Wife-Providing Society; IL, Little Weaknesses-The Garret-Goethe, and his DancinegUster's Daughters-The Guahibi lMother-iistory in Needleworl-The Hfome.tead-AJcwsh WcddingintheEast-LectutestO Ladies-Lfe of a Turkish Gentleman-Little Feet-Lord of Burleigh-Mental Maedicine -Management of Infantb-Mirriage in the East-4XdTim es rmd New -Our Folks-The Palaces of France: Versailles, Ptalais des Therme3, the Louvre, Malmaison, and the Tnileries-Poets of the AbsurdPrivy Purse Expenses of Charles IL-The Protected Female-The Rights of Children-SIUiday iii Summer-Timeludicted-ToUette of a Ronmn Lcady-TYe" of TenThousand Imagea-A TumbI6 in the HayThe Vanities of Nice Young lsen-What th&Wind Saw-Women and Horses. Prio Compositions:-Female Friendshipe-Hsopit4,ityJealousy-Marriages of Couvenienoe-Notes on Nurses-Novel Reading, its Use and Abuso-The Pleasures of Charity-The Vagaries of Fashion-Womnisf' Part in WVar. Poeizy:-All for Love-Castle on the Headland-The Eve of Death-Yarewell to the Flow3es-The Forest-Legend of Corfe Castle-The Love Dream-No Light-Octoher-Our Paths Divide-A Parable~-Parting by the Sea--A ?'ickureThe Re-O rie-The S hephsrdess-l!r Reginald do Vere-Sweet St. Valentine-The'richbourne Dole-2\s the Winds-The Valle aiid the oer-The Voice of the Sea-Washing by the £rook. Ladies' Fancyror:-Bsbridery-Applleatien-lleadwrork-Book }eram-Braild Knzowing-Sickc Poom and Nursery-Uok ng, Pie iga andPreaervlag, " The Eulisuhvromn's Donetl a gazine" Sa isanedis montl twvopenny numnbers and in half-crowrn annual 'qoIuensa An vOhltU1 or volumes ll 1be et post S bz tbe pabWsher. Eamuel 0. Beetossz 53, Bouvef~-tp~( e6Lrendol -y1@
NA VAL AND MILIT2ARY INTELLIGENVJ 'The Pearl 21-gun screw corvette, Captain Sotheby, srrived at Spithead on Monday night, as did the Devastation, Commander Marshall; and HecLa, Comnander Apliu (6-gul paddle steam sloops), and joined, the fleet. The latter convoyed thither the new gunboats Brave and Beacon. frc;n the contractor's yard. Th'e Glatton, 14, floating battery, Captain Cumnning, was taken into the fitting basin at Portsmouth yqsterday to be refitted, and the Perseveraace steami troopship, Commander MDonald, was taken out after refit. The Dee steara transport, for the Thames wiih supernumeraries, left Portsmouth on Monday night. The folloving ships and Yessels are fitting out and refittijig at Portsmouth :-The Victor Emnmanuel, screw, 91, -wil be ready for trial of her machinery at moorings on the 15 h instant., and ready for the pendant by the 15th of Apri.- The Rodney, 92, depot ship, vill be ready for service on the 29th inst. The Shannon, 51, nevr screw frigate, will be fitted with her machinery, and ready for trial at moorings on the 15th inst., and readyfor commission by aboUt the 31st. The Perseverance steam troopship will be ready for service again by this day or to-morrow. The Vulcan steam trooZ_ ship will be refitted by the 20th inst. The Centaur paddlefrigate is refitted in the shipwright department, and will be out of the hands of the chief engineer about the 28th inst. The Basilisk paddlewbeel sloop Witl be refitted and ready for sea again by the end of thE present month. The Transit steam troopship has repaired what defects she had, and is readyto embark. TheAlgiers, 91, will be refitted and ready for sea again by about. the 25th inst. The Resistance sailing storeship will be refitted by the 2-2d inst. The Urgent screw troopship will be zefitted in her machinery and ready for service by about the middle of next nmonth. . The new screw sloop MFying Fiah. 6, will be out of hand of the artificers by the end of thii week. The Pioneer, 0, will be out of hand by about the 20th inst. The Fnry, 6, paddlesloop, has refitted, and is out of the shipwrights' hands. Workamen are engaged at Portsmouth upon the following gunboats, which are daily being completed:- Guns. Guns. Guns. Stork ... 2 Ruby ... 2 Gleaner ... 2- Weasel ... 2 Ticlder ... 2 Charger ... 2 Biter ... 2 Beaver ... 2 Snapper ... 2 Pincher .. 2 Sandaly ... 2 Thistle ... 2 Starling 2 Swinger ... 2 Whiting ... 2 Banterer 2 Plover ... 2 Skylark .. 2 Dapper ... 2 Cockehafer 2 Jaokdaw ... 2' Carnation ... 2' Cheesfl ... 2 Seagull ... 2 Bullfrog ... 2 Grasshopper 2 Dove ... 2 Bustard ... 2 Ilind ... 2 Opossum ... 2 Forward ... 2 Since the gunboat flotilla has assembled at Portsmouth the commanders have embraced every opportunity to get them into the most efficient worling order; some of them are in complete readiness for action, and the condition of many is more like that of first-class yachts than other craEt. The Imperatriz screw steam transport, No. 150, Captain Henry T. Cox, arrived at Spithead yesterday from Balaklava, Constantinople, Malta, and Gibraltar, with the following officers and men of the Royal Artillery (comprising 17 companies) for Woolwich, for which place she left after coaling :-31ajor Broughton, in command; Lieutenant-; Colonel Dixon; Majors Millman, Grant, Andrevs, and* Strange; Captains Curtis and Blosse; Lieutenants Caunp-1 bell, Parsons, Cavendish, Humphrey, Phipps, Price, Elton, Lloyd, Brown, Hall, Miller, Connolly, and Newman; Surgeons Protheroe and -ArMunn; Assistant-Surgeon Taylor; 951 non-commissioned ofricers and privates, 2 comnuissariat bakers, 1 child, 6 horses, S00 tons of baggage; also Major Nason, 49th Regiment; lr. uM an, RE.; and Mr. Pauling. The Royal Mail Company's steamship Great Western, transport No. G, received on board at Southampton yester-. day the horses and troops previously enumerated in 27ic Timsc. The Great Western will sail for the Black Sea this morning, touching at Gibraltar and Malta. The General Screw Company's steamship Harbinger, transport No. 86, arrived at Southampton yesterday, and wid be immediately refitted. A detachment of Royal Marines, under the command of Captain Spaldiug, consisting of Second-Lieautenant Smi'h, two sergeants, two corporals, -and 73 privates, will leave head-qualters at Woolwich this morning for LiveFpool, to embark for the Black Sea. Captain Spalding -will join Hler lajesty's ship Leander there. Yesterday morning the Rev. 3r. Gleig, Chaplain-General of the Forces, went down to Woolwichfor the purpose of inspecting the Royal Arillery schools, through which he was conducted by Lieutenant-General Whinyates, cormmandant of the Garrison; Lientenant-Colonel Afaude, and Captain Freeth, Deputy-Assistant-Quartermaster-General of the Royal Artillery. The gunboats Insolent and Nightingale left Woolwich Arsenal yesterday mrnmink for Greenhithe, on a trial trip. The despatch gunboat Coquette, Commander Iisl, sailed yesterday morning from Greenhithe, on a craise in the direction of the Scilly Islands. The gunboat Sparrowhawlk is to he remored from Young's dock at Limehouse to-day to Deptford, to befitted with her engines and boilers, and will sail thence for Chatham to be rigged. The screw transport Amity, -with military stores for the East, left Woolwich yesterday morningforGreenhithe. The gunboats Sepoy and Erne, built by Messrs. T. and W. Smith, of St. Peter's, Newcastle, left the Tyne on Monday afternoon, in towv of the Cock-o?-the-North, for Woolwich. The gunboats Spider and Lively, recently launched by the same firm from their building-yard at IN'orth Shields, are getting in their engines and having their cabins and other work finished. They will bereadyto sail on the 20th. This firm also launched a large iron merchant steamer on Satarday. She is intended for the Mediterranean trade. Mr. John Laird yesterday launched another wooden gunboat, the Redbreast, from his Birkenhead yard, and two iron mortar-boats from his building yard at Liverpool, making four mortar-boats and three gmnboats launched by him since Thursday. The gunboats Beacon and Brave, launched a few days ago,proceededto Portsmouth on Friday, and the Brazen and Blazer will go on Thursday or Friday next. Four more mortar-boats are exsected to be launched. from the same yard next week, which will make sin mortarboats and eight gunboats built by Mr. L,ird. Several others are on the stocks. Yesterday 240 men and about the same number of horses, with 50 officers, belonging to the Royal Artillery, enibarkled atLiverpool, on board the screw steamer Jura, which will take her departure to-day, for the Crimea. The following appointments were made yesterday at the Admiralty :-The Rev. C. J. Armistead, Chaplain, to theMeander; Alfred F. Pearce, Second-Master, to the Tyne; Edward J. Maitland, Second-Master, to the Fisgard. The Legislative Assembly of Nova Scotia has placed 150guineas at the disposal of the Government to present a. sword to General Williams, who is a native of that province. In order to enhance the gift in the estimation of thegallant officer, it hasbeen determined that it shall be made, entirely of materials produced in his native country. TheAcadian Iron Company has f.rnished the steel, and them order is already in progress of es2ecution. The non-commissioned officers and men selected from the depOts attached to the provisional battalion at Chatham to proceed to Bengal and Bombay for the purpose of instructing the British troops stationed in those presidencies in the use of the Enfield rifle were inspected by Colonel Eden at Chatham Barracks yesterday morniDg, and will embark this day at Gravesend for Bombay. The whole of the men who embarlk have been selected for this duty as being the best instructors in the Enfield rifle, and or. their arrival at their destination they will be draughted. oD the several military stations in India. A large detachment of invalids, consisting of non-commissioned officers and men from nearly every regim-ent now in the Crimea, Teached Strood yesterday afternoon from Portsmouth, where they arrived by the Simla steam. transport from Balsk-lava and Constantinople. A considerablea number wore Crimea medals with clasps for. the. Aluxa, Balaklava, Inkermaun, and Sebastopol. On their arrival they were medically inspected by Second-Class Surgeon W. J. Fyffe, rLB., from Fort PIt) -when these requiring farther medical treatment T-are talken into Brompton Hospital, and the remainder were sent to St. Mary's Casemate-barracks, to awaite their discharpg. Staff-Assistant-Surgeosi D. Stranagheg, M.D;, who has lately returned from Turkey, has reccivad!an order from -the War-office to plrocced from Chatham to .Woolwvich, to ensbark for Quebec in charge of a detLellmex,t of the Royal Artillery. THE NUrffU-. Volunteering for the Line has ten placnamoag the fou,r, regiments of Militia now qua-eredzeis,i ,grrisonat Pembroke-viz., the Montgomerysh,eEifies,thaXonmouthshira and Glooestershire Light InfSztry, andithe- Pembrokeshir. Artillery. The troops werq- paraded ixn the barrack-yaTft and in the course of two d&p..the volwatering had been s%; brisk that 190 men worc ,ppro-ed, 2DS. o? the bouity. vas paid them at once, Thirty-five men who vohtn-,. teered from the-Monnouthsbige- Militia to the ArtiMgy. have joined the head-q ers. The remainder of 'the Pembro1ceehiro Artillery Iiilitia. nowr quartered - at Maverfesdwes't will shortly be rsh to, the PRoyal dockyarj,at Pater. It is stated tbxa a vera- lrge additional body of 3ltia : shortly to he loted at l'embroke, and that tbpy. wll bc1 placed under Qanvass, the whole of the preseun. &cccwgoA dstioa be;.nk takern up by the troops nowr un ga,rison, THE, 3oNsTn Gux.-The borink of thia. Iing ~tm, which is being constructed at the, mIIerssy Rtzl aud IrS, Com pany's forge, Liverp,ool, is al, but cowllieted. and 'Are pieoe itself wiUl be entirely fis,isbed in aobut a monoth. It wil then be subjected to the lbydraulle tast, and afterwrds tried with a charge of powder and hail on the isz!shore at Waterloo. about five znilae foml Liverpool,
-71c ADJOURNED INQUEST.o- Mr. SADLEIB, M. P. Yesterday norning, at 11 4lclock, the inquest on the body of hMr. John Sadleir, late memnber for Sligo, adjourned from the 25th ult., "was resumed at the wordiouse in Hampstead, before Mir. Wakley, the coroner for Middlesex, and the It will be remembered that towards the close of the last sitting, of the Court, after the letters written by the deceased in the evening preceding his death had been read, in 'which he repeatedly charged himself with the commission of diabolical crimes, the recollection of which, he said, made it impossible for him to live, Mr. Josiah Wflkinson, a solicitor in Nicholas-lane, with whom Mr. Sadleir had been long on terms of intimacy and had often transacted busilCss, and in whose office he was several times on the Saturday before his death, stated that, from his knowledge of the deceased and his affairs, he did not believe he had Committed any crime which justified the strong language 'which Mtr. Sadleir had applied towards his own conduct. Pzr. Waleey, the coroner, thereupon suggested that if. the statement made by Mr. Wilkinson could be borne out by evidence, it woulld be material for the jury to consider "whether or not the deceased in so characterizing his con. dluct was acting under some delusion or hallucination, from which it might be fairly inferred that he was not of sound mind when he committed the act of self-destruction. The coroner, at the same time, expressed a strong opinion that so far as the evidence had gone he could find nothing in it to justify the conclusion that the deceased was insane at the time he took away his own life. The inquiry was eventually adiourned until yesterday to afford time for the production of evidence, if any such there might be, calcu1ated to support the belef of M1r. Wtlkinson, or otherwise. Mxr.W. T. Manning, Coroner of the Queen's Household and theeVerge, was again in attendance on behalf of the relatives of the deceased. Mr. Robert Keating, M.P. for Waterford, and Mr. Anthony Norrs, solicitor, of Bedford-row, with both of whom M1r. Sadleir held intirmate relations, were also present. There was a considerable number of other persons in the room during the proceedings. The Court having been formally constituted, The Coroner asked Mr. Manning if he had ny more witnesses to calL Mr. Manning said he had not; but there were some documents to which he should call the attention of the Court presently. He would first state, in reference to questions asked at their last sitting as to a sum of money paid to hMr. Sadleir on the Saturday pre. ceding his death, that he had since made every inquiry in his power from persons likely to have any knowledge of the matter, with the view of ascertaining the disposition of tIat siin of money. He held in his hand the particulars respecting the notes handed to M1r. Sadleir on that day, from which it appeared that the amount paid to him was 1,3841., and it was made up of Bank of England notes for 1,0001., .3001., 501., 201., and 101., and the rest in cash. He (Ur. Manning) had inquired at the Bank of England last night, and found that none of those notes had then been presented for payment. The Court would recollect thatthe evidence of Mr. Wilkinson at their last sitting was to the effect that he knew of no other deed that had been forged by the deceased, except the one given to him (Mr. Willdnson), and that several deeds had passed through his hands frona time to time, which had been given by the deceased as securities for money advanced to him, which he had no xeason to believe were otherwise than genuine. Mr. Wil3dison added that he believed the statements made by the deceased about himself (the deceased) in the letters written shortly before his death were much exaggerated. He (Mr. 31aiming) might also state that since the last sitting of the Court an investigation had taken place into the securities held by the London and County Bank for the debt of the deceased to that establishment, and the result up to a certain point was shown in a letter he would read, which bad been addressed by Messrs. Freshfield, the solicitors, to :Messrs. Hoghton, Lamning, and Nichol, the new directors of the London and CountyBank:- " New Bank-buildin% London, March 4. Gentlemen,-In compliance withl the wish expressed by you, we beg to assure you that in the investigation of the securities held by the London and County Bank for the debt of the late Mr. John Sadleir, now in progress, we have not fouid amon; them any forged deeds; and from the progress of our ingturies we have the strongest conviction tlat the apprehensions on this ground are unfounded. We remain, gentlemen, yourmost obedient servants, " J. C. and H. FRnSlFIELD." The Coroner said Mr. Manning would be aware that this was a statement which he could not receive in evidence in that shape. If any importance was to be attached to it, the parties from the bank ought to have been before the Court, in order that the jury might learn from them the nature of the investigationL in question. Mr. Manning said, he only put. it -in for what it vas worth, to showvthat many of the rumours as to forgeries committed by the deceaed were not founded in fact ; and fthat he (Mr. Manning) had no othermeans4of contradicting those rumours. The Coroner reminded Mr. Manning that the commission of f6rgery, more especially with reference to Ireland, had now become matter of notoriety through the usual channels of public information. Mr. Manning did not think that the tribunal of the coroner could venture to investigate charges of forgery; and if they were to trv this case with Teference to mere public reports, he apprehended there would be no end to it. He might add that since their last meeting he had investigated the rights of the Crown in reference to any property the deceased mnioht have left, and in anticsp a- tion of the jury coming to usne conclusion that he was a f2e7 dc sc. The coroner, on the last occasion, had rightly said that in ord'inary cases the right of the Crowrn interposed in the event of averdict of fe de sc; but thley all knewvhow th:e Crown dealt With such cases. The Crowgn, first of all, respected the rights of creditors, and allowed administration to be gnnted to a creditor, with a view to the distribution of the property of the deceased among his creditors generally. That, however, would not be the case in the present instance. He held in his hand certain letters ptent, by which Edward VI. granted to Sir Thomas wrothe, his heirs and assigns, the manors of Northal, Downbarnes, and Hampstead, with all their appurtenances, rights, and members, in the county of Mid desex, lately parcel of the Lands and possessions of the bishopric of Westmuinster, including, among other things, "all chattels -waived, estrays, goods and chattels of felons, fugitives, persona outlawed and put in exigent, or in any other mannerS whatsoever condemined or convicted, felons of themselves, and deodands." Now, that document, which he "would put in, raiced a very grave question, because it was clear that, under the words he had just read, the whole of the - deceased's *oods and chattels, and every right he possessed, except his estates of inheritance, would go to the present lord of the manor of Hampstead, within which the 3ody of the deceased w;as found, in whom, by a regular course of legal devolution, the property granted by the letters patent of Edwvard VI. was now vested; and those ;rights would go, too, to the ex;clusion of creditors. Tlhe Coroner asked if those rights had ever been exercised. Mr. Manning did not know that they had or had not, but hc did not apprehend that this affected the question, because there was a positive grant from the King; and if the rights granted by it had any existence, there was no doubt whatever that the present lord of the manor of aHampstead would be entitled to hold the goods of the deceased discharged from the payment of the debts of the dcceased. With that obeervationhe would leave that part of the case to the jury. The Coroner said Mr. Manning would be aware that the jury of themselves could not decide that point, and that it would have to go elsewhere for decision. 3Ir. Manning said he was awiare of that, but he wished to place the wshole of the facts befiore the jury, and to show them that the Crown could be no claimant in this case. He "would onlyadd that he did not think he could usefully nccupy their time by calling further evidence. The case must now rest on the evidence which had been already adduced. But the unmeasurel language in which the deceased had spoken of his owin crimes appeared to him to raiFe a serious question as to the state of his mind at the time he committed the act of self-destraction. Some evidence had bcen given to show the presence -of opium to some small extent in the body of the deceased at the time of the post mo-rten examnation. Whatever inference moight be deducible from that fact, he thought it would only be charitable to presume, when they considered the state of itense and agoniig excitement mi which the d~eceased had been proved to be throughout the whole of the Saturday ~rccedin" his death, that he wfas not t4 be held responsible [fr what'ihe did on that day, ini the state of mind in whichL ei was. That, he thought, must have been their concluuio, if this inquiry had been, instead of it_ present form. n iue from the Court of Cbancery to try the state of md in which the deceased had disposed of his property. Ir. Nichol, the surgeon who performed the yost aortem aminatio, was here recalled by the coroner, and stated, Xreply to a question by him, that on a subsequent investition of the contents of the stomach of tho deceased he und traces of a substance which he conceived to be ium Mr. 1anning, resuming, submitted that the extordinary hIes -iith which the deceased had acted under eircumlnces which would have driven any ordinary man to mads, might be attributable to his habitual indulgence in a mulaut, such as opium, which would elevate him for ime, but would afterwards-leave him, when its inauence subsided, in a state of despondency. He contended t the deceased on the evening preceding his death must eat2snth been completely crushed and reduced to a pss state of depression, and that in such a state of d lie had, in a hasty and evil -moment, rushed out and mstted the act of suicide. Taking all the circumstances o consideration, he submitted that the jury could come to cther conclusion than that the deceased was not of sane d when he raised the hand which deprived him of life. he Coroner then proceeded to charge the jury. He said, ro beingno further evidence to be adduced, he would pro- to di ecttheirattentionto the most important points in s case, anid, in doing-so, he would not occupy their time resding the depositions which had been taken in the nse of the in'" but would confine himself to a review actIf thatad conie out in evidence. He wouId also [eavour as much as poesible to apply hiis mind excl'usively tho tiume to the subject now under condideration-a ter of rome difficulty, as they would believe when he `themn that on the preceding day he had held no les Im seven inouests, one of which was a case of suicide and ther of child bumring, so rapidly did the current of tors run through the mind of a maa who filled the office that he now did. The jury had -given an almost unexampled degree of attention to this case, and he had no doubt that they had a perfectly clear recollection of all the facts that had been given in evidence. He had consequently no fear that they wold.not come to a strictly just and imnpartial conclusion. This investigation had been of a very distressing naturc, but there was a duty imposed upon jurymen by their oaths, and from that duty he had no apprehension that the jury in this case woald be disposdto sverve. The unfortunate gentleman the cause of whose death they were nowv investigating was named John Sadleir, and was a memxber ef Parliament for the borough of Siigo, in Ireland; and they wsould recollect tho circumstances under-which his body was found on Hampstead-heath onthe mornng of Sunday, the 17th of last month, as related by the witness Bates. It appeared that by the side of the body of the deceased a silver creamjug and a case of razors were found, and in his pocket a slip of paper on which were the wvords, in his own haudwvriting, " John Sadleir, 11, Glocester-square, Eiyde Park" Subsequently a carefulexamination of the body was made by Mr. Nichol, and it was proved, he thouclit, most indisputably, and nothing ever more truly, that the death of the unfortunate gentleman was caused by his taking a very large quantity of the essential oil of bitter almonds. A bottle containing some of that poison was found by his side, and labelled with the words, "ROEssential oil of bitter almonds," and the unfortunate man had taked so large a quantity of it that every part of his viscera was affectedby the smell. Taking it, therefore, as beyond question that he died from the effects of poison, and that that poison was administered by his own hand, the next step of the jury would be from death to life, and to consider what were the circumstances immediately preceding the taking the poison by the deceased. With reference to the manner in which the poison was purchased, he thought it but fair-to say that Mr. Mmaitland, the chymist, and his assistant stood entirely acquitted of all blame, as did also the butler of the deceased. The manner of ordering the poison and the quantity ordered were quite suffi-cient to throNv any peison off his guard. It was really a most unpleasant duty to go into the-other part of this inqniry. lt was calculated to involve them all in a labyrinth of doubt; and he must repeat-what he said on a previous occasion that he most deeply deplored that they had to make any such investigation. HIe believed such inquiries to be utterly useless, and that they led in many cases to the most painful mistakes. He referred to the state of mind in which a person was supposed to be who had committed the act of self-destruction. At the same time, he was convinced that the practice among jurymen of finding verdicts of insanity in criminal cases was an exceedingly pernicious one, for by that practice the worst of criminals often escaped jusaico, and every now and then a madman was executed. -Mr. Manning had alluded to an issue from the Court of Chancery. He (the coroner) was not sorry that he had done so. What happened in-such a case. There were frecaently in. such inquiries 24 intelligent juryiDen, several medical praCtitioners of high reputation, six or eight remarkably clever. counsel, and as many sharp attorneys- They sat from day to day conducting such an investigation with the utmost care and assiduity into the state of mind of a party who was before them. They bad the individual present whose sanity was questioned, and by the ingenuity of counsel his brain was rasped, as it were, for the purpose of ascertaining its quality. What frequently was the result? Why, at the end of a protracted inquiry, four or five medical gentlemen believe him to be sane, and as many more think him insane, and there was a small majority of the jury on one side of the question. If that was the state of things before a Court so constituted, what was their condition who composed the coroner's tribunal, when the person who formed the subject of their anxious inquiry had passed from among them, and when they could only form their opinions from such fragments of evidence as he had left behind him 9 Mr. Mannming had also alluded to the consequences of their verdict; but he (the coroner) was bound to tell them that they must not take the consequences of their verdict into consideration at all. The inquiry and the verdict were quite legitimate things of themselves, but consequences, whether they were great or small, narrow or wide, they must not take into account at all in coming to a decision. They must now proceed backward to the last link in the chain of life. The last person among his domestics who appeared to have seen the deceased alive was his butler, Elwm. He stated he left him at 11 o'clock at night, and that, on returning upstairs at a quarter to 1 o'clock, he found three letters on tne hall slab, two of which were addressed to Mr. Keating and the other to Mr. Norris. He then ascertainedthat ,fr. Sadleirhad taken hisreat-coat and hat from the hall and left the house. After that time they vere not aware that Mr. Sadleir was seen alive by any person who knew him. The butler added that he had lived with Mr. Sadleir for 18 months, and that his master was a man of very sober, frugal habits; and very temperate in his mode of life. He also stated that he had never known him make any attempt on his life before, that he had observed nothing peculiar in his manner during the whole period he had lived wth him.. About a quarter to 11 o'clock on the Saturday evening Mr. Norris left Mr. Sadleir, after having been wvith him about half an hour, and he stated that he noticed'a redness of the eyes, as though Mlr. Sadleir had been weeping. He added that when he arrived Mr. Sadleir was walking about the room, which, he said, was a very unusual occurrence with~ him, and that while he was there the deceasedreceiveda telegraphicmessage, inthesewords:- "FlBorwarded from Dublin Station, and received at the Strand Station, Feb. 16, 1856.-Froma James Sadleir, 30, hlerrion-square (South), Dublin, to John Sadleir, Esq., W,P., Reform Club, P!all-ma.ll, Bondon.-AU1 right at all the-branches-only a 'few small things refused there. If from 20,000 to 80,000 over here on 3Monday morning, all is safe." Probably at that time Mr. Sadleir knew the impossibility of transmitting so large a sum, but the poison had been sent for three hours before the arrival of that message. It also appeared frorn Mr. Norris's evidence that he had been with MY. Sadleir in the afternoon of that day, in the city, at Ir. Gurney's offlce, and that he was so impressed with the effect likely to be produced on the deceased by his reverses of fortune thnat he made the remark that he should not be surprised if Mir. Sadleir shot himself. After Mrr. Norris and the butler had left, the letters to Mr. Keating and Mr. Norris appeared to have been written. Those letters, therefore, contained the latest evidence they had as to the condition of Mr. Sadleir's mind. Mr. lanning said he attached but little importance to the declarations in those letters; but they were presented to the jury in the character of dying declarations. Mr. Manning had truly stated that the deceased must have been in a state of great mental depression arising fromn the consideration of the losses and reverses -that had befallen him. That brought them to the consideration of what was insanity. It was not depression of spirits, nor was it agony of mind. Not a single sentence ad everyet been writen which gave a correct definition of isanity, and he feared there never would. It was a subject which had engaged the prolonged attention of some of the ablest thinlers that had ever lived. Many of the most eminent psychologists had over and over again stated that the whole thing was involved in mystery, in consequence of the chameleon-like character of the manifestations and causes ofinsanity. If insanity could be defined by the word grief, sorrow, remorse, or even despair,?greatly as insanitY now prevailed, it would exist then in a thousandfold greaterdegree. But what they had to dedde with reference to the evidence was this,-Did they believe that at the time Mr. Sadieir committed the act of self-destracion he was a responsible ngent 9.-in other words, that he was i such a condition of mind as made him morally and legally responsible for his actions? It was much to be regretted that that was a subject beset with so much difficulty. He had always observed that juries in such cases were disposed to lean towards the side of mercy and humanity; but it should be borne in mind that if mercy and humanity were to be shown towards the individual, they were equally to be regarded in reference to society at large. The coroner then read the letters written by the deceased on the night before his death to his sister-in-law, Mrs. James Sadleir, Mr. Keating, and Mr. Norris, all which were given at length in 2'he Times of the 26th ult., and he contended, on the face of those letters themselves, that when the deceased stated in them that he could not live, his mind was not in such a state of disturbance even as to create any confusion of ideas. They were written at almost the last moment before he died, and there was nothin- in them that was inconsistent with the perfect retention oT reasoning and reflecting powers and the maintenance of a. correct memory. At The same time, it was impossible not to know amid feel, from the very manner in which the letters were expressed, that the' deceased must have been suffering the most intense agony. The very act he' committed proved of itself the mental suffering that drove him to such a measute of desperation. But still again the auestion arose, was he in such a state of mind as made him iesponsible for his actions ? That was a-question which they had to answer by their verdict. In the medical examination of the bodies of suicides the most minute and careful search was made into the state -of the brain. That appeared to have been done by Mr. Nichol in this case, but no disease of the brain was found to exist. They would now talke every fact into their consideration wvhich had been givenin evidence, and he was sure they would in the end come to a strictly just conclusion. If they believed Mr. Sadleir was irresponrible for his actions, and that he was driven to commit the act of self-destructionby some ancontrollable mpulse; they would say that he was ofunsound mind. But if, on the other hand, they believed he was of perfect memory and understanding at the time, and that he could have controlled. that act if hehad thought proper to do so, they could come tonoothei conclnsion than that he had comapitted self-murder.' If, however, they had a doubt on the subject, lie would call on them to give the memory of thedeceasedcthebenefitofthatdoubt. Butif theyhad no such misgiving, itwas-impossible they could come to any other conclusion than that it s an act of fel de se. The jury then retired, and, after an interval of nearly half an houlr, they returned into coulrt, andthe foreman said they were unanimously of opinion that the deceased, John Sadleir, died by his own hands wrhen in a perfectly sane state of mmd. The Coroner said he felt, after the moat deliberate and careful consideration of the whole evidence, that they could come to no other conclusion. The proqeedings then terminated. It may be stated that late at night on the Tuesday after the deceased'was found dead on Hampstead-heath, and after the coroner had - given -permission for its interment, the body was renioved from the workhouse at Hampstead to the house of the deceased in Glooester-squae, Hyde Park, and on the following Thursday morning,- at a very early hour, interred in Eighgate Cemetery, in t6e presence of a few of is'immediate relativesand others, the burial service being performed by. a Roman Catholic clergyman.
TrHE ~LAT Duim oy NOERroLX.-A sojemnw service aind requem -went performed on Mfonday at the chapel attached to the Bavarian Embassy, in Warwick.stroet, for the late Duke of NTorfolk.. The,ceremonial was of the most imn* osing description, the interior of the chapel haying been hung enitirely. with black cloth arnd silver,' and illarainated 'Iby silver, scoaicef. The bier, in the centre e, the chapel,I 'Covered-with black- velvet, was -hiasoed with the armnorial. bearinis-of the Howards, ard %fir=atsst*d by thi ooronLet and baton of. the deceased uoblbranan The service was attended by rngt of the -Itoinku Cathoalc nobilit in town [abd ys'everaal distinguishedforeigners. _KRSTAIai PALAvE. -'-0NEz S uIIIWf&Y, Tuesa*y, March i1--Admissions oi -paynioa, 8t ditto bysewsn iikt"199:; totbd v-isitors, 1,081.
APPEALS. HOUSE OF LORDS: Xw MAY.on 10. (Bifor' thc Lorm CEAxELLOAT, the Marquis of CuwRi- CAIrE, Earl SOIMERS, and Lord BROuGHnA.) LANE 'V. HORLOCK AND OTHERS. This was an appeal from a judgment of Vice-Chancellor Kindersle, dismuissing with costs a bill whicn hkd been filed bythe appellant, Richard Kirmnan Lane. The appcllnt, an attorney, had entered up and registered a judg. ment affecting certain real estate, and he had filed the bill in cuestion for the purpose of enforcing that judgment, .whlch had beeu given for the purpose of securing a lora at an extravagant rate of interest, and, as it was a security on land,it vas *ncluded inthepronisionsofthe2dand3dVicotri3, c. 39.Tbe facts ofthacease showedthatinthe month of October, 1843, the respondent, isaac John Horlock, was' the owner of real estates of considerable value, whichwere, however, at that time deeply mortgaged, and tho interest on the mortgages was in arrear. Mlr. Horlock being in generally embarrassed circmnstances the mortgagees threatened to proceed to a sale of the estates. Oa the 21st of October in that same year Mr. Poster, the solictor of Mr. Horlock, went to the appellant, and requested him to make an advance for the purpose of paying offthe arrears of interest on the mortgages. At this period the appellant was the holder of two bills which had been drawn by him and accepted by the respondent-one for 29&g. 10s., which had become due on the 25th of July p revious ; and the other for 2251. 6s. 6d., which would ecome due on the 11th of November following. The appelIant told Mr. Foster that if therewere anyfurther advances made by him it must be by discounting hills of *exchange, and as security he must have a warrant of attorney, and also that he must be at liberty to enter up and reg ster a judgment on tiet warrant of attorney. He also stipulated that he should have an account of the encumnbrances on the estates and the amount he was required to lend. He subsequently, on the 2ath of October, agreed to advance a sun of 8001. upon, those terms, and the same day M1r. Horlock and Mr. loster both went to the appellant, who then produced a cash account which Mr. Hrorlock signed. The appellant thereupon advanced M1r. Horlock 8001., and the latter accepted three bills of exchange drawn by the appellant, dated the 2Sth of October, 1843, payable three months after date. The whole of these amounted to 1,5281. 7s. 6d., and he at the same time executed a warrant of attorney to confess a judgmentintheCourtof Queen'sBench inasum of 4,0001., with a defeasance declaring that the same was to secure a entto the appeUant of anysumnof moneynot exceeding 2,0001.which might from time to time become due to the appellant upon any bill of exchange or promissory note accepted by AMr. Horlock. The manner in which the sum of 1,528e. 7s. Cd., for which the three bills were given, was alade up as follows :-Mr. Horlock was debited with the 8001. then advanced and three months' interest thereon at the rate of 60per cent. per annum, also with the two bills which the appellant had previously held, and three months' interest on those bills, at the same rate, and with the expense of the warrant of attorney and stamps, but giving him creditfor 41. as a rebate of the interest on the bill, which was not to become due until the nth of November following. The next day the appeHlant entered up the judgment against Mr. Horlock by virtue of the warrant of attorney, and it was registered so as to make it chargeable upon the real estate, which gave the appellant, through the medium of the judgment, the same security which he would have had if the respondent had by writing agreed to chargo his real estates with the amount due to the appellant, this being under the Judgment-c lan2 i- toriaw, c. 110, sec. 13. The bills eAct, st and 2d Vic- beam due on the 28th of January, 1844, but two days before, on the 26th of January, three new bills wvere drawna by the appellant, and accepted by the respondent as renewals of those bills These new bills were for the total amount of 1,7S4Z. 14s. 6d., and payab at three months after date. When these latter bills became due they were not paid, but another bill for 1751. 12s. 6d. was drawn by the appellant, and accepted by the respondent as interest upon the 1,7541. 14s. 6d. Another bill was executed between the same parties on the 4th of July for 3511. 6s. Cd., also for interest. The total amount of these five bills was 22811. 13s. 6d. One Joseph Quincey -was in his lifetime entitled to a mortgage for 2,0001., or thereabouts, on an estate belon'ing to the respondent in the county of Glocester called the%cks Estate. This mortgage contained a power of sale, which Quincey exercised, and after deducting his 2,000C. there remained a surplus of 2,0001. This sun the appellant claimed as the next encinobrancer after Quincey, who, notwvithstanding he had been served-with a notice to that effect, had paid the remaining 2,000L. to the respondent. In September, 1849, the appellant had filed the bill in question against Horlock and Quincey's representatives, praving that the latter were liable to pay to the appellant te amount of his judArment. ThZe bilL had been disnussed upon the grounds that the bill had been given for usurious interest, and, being a cecurity on land, was involved under the provisions of the 2d and 3d Victoria, c. 39. The present appea had then been brought, and had been argued during the first days of the present sittings. The whole question turned upon t;he construction of the 3d and 4th William IV., c. 98, sec. 7', by which it wvas enacted " that no bill of exchange or promissory note made payable at three or within three months after date, or not having more than three months to ron, shall, by reason of any interest taken thereon, or secured thereby, or any agreement to psy, or receive, or allow interest in discountmn",=negotiating, ortransferring the same, bevoid; nor shall t'he liability of any party toany such bill or note be affected by reason of any statute or ltaw in force for the prevention of usury." The 2d and 3d of 'Victoria, c. 37, enacted " that no bill of exchange orpromissory n-ote mzade payable at or within 12months after the date thereof, or not having 12 months to run, nor any contract for the loan or forbearance of money above the sum of 101., shall, by reason of any interest taken thereon or secured thereby, or any agreement to pay, Or receive, or allow interest in discounting, negotiating, or transferring any such bill of exchange or promissory note, be void; nor shall the liability of any party to any such bill of exchange or prosniissory note, nor the liability of any person borrowing any sum of money as aforesaid, be affected by reason of any law or statute in force for the prevention of usury." It then g-oes on to recite that it relieves parties from that they w-ould otherwise be subject to; and then comes the proviso in question -" Provided always that nothing heremn contained shall extend to the loan or forbearance of any money upon the security of any lands, tenements, or hereditaenents, or any estate or interest therein." TheirLoRstns:is, in delivering judgment, decidedtbat the qusation did not turn up?on the construction of the act of the 2d and 3d of Victoria, c. 39, but upon that of the 3d and 4th of William IV., c. 98; and that the decree of the Court belowwas so far erroneous. By the latter statute the appellant wFas entitled to succeed and to have the relief vhich he sought. Under these circumstances the appeal would be allowed, and the decision of the C ourt below reversed. Judgment according,ly.
LAW EEPOBT. ClaTTRr OF fITAITYRV %Mv MNAw-r lfV A?NDREW V. ANDREW. MBefore tae LoBDs JusTncE or AixAL.) hlr. ELT!sLEY concluded his argument in support of one of the appeals in this case from a decree of Vice-Chancellor Stnart. Mr. TonRRxAo followed on the same side. Mr. ELDEBmTON then addressed the Court in support ot the second appeal. 31r. Bacon is on the same side. Mr. Malins and Mr. J. H. Palmer are the counsel in support of the Vice-Chancellor's decision. The case is not yet conclucded. TUESDAY, MKARCr IL ANDREW V. AN-DREW. The continued arguments in this appeal occupied the Court from its sitting until 3 o'clock, when their Lordships reserved judgmnent. Mr. Ehnsley, with Mr. Torriano, appeared for one of the appellants, of whom there are two; Mr. Bacon and Mr. Elderton for the other appellant; Mr. MLilins and Mx. J. IL Palmer for the respondents. BARLow V. WA-IMURTON. Mr. DRuJO obtained leave that an appeal motion in this case might be placed in the paper of Thursday morning.
I OLIS' COURT. CANCEiBy-LA. NAXCH 11. (Before the MASTER of the KOLS.) The cases heard before his Honour to-day were not :of an interest to report. RAY V. S=. In this case, the particulars of which were reported last week,itmayberememberedtbathisHonourexpressedhimself very strongly as to The apparent remissness of the pLaintiffs guardians, upon which R. R. Palmer stated that these per. sons were desirous of maldng to the Court some explanation of their conduct. This explanation having been made, his Honour, -we are informed, expressed himself generaly satisfied with it.
IMMMAWrIP.T.T.M91 V.I)MTq ITADtqT lf)- ,AN= V. ASTON. (Before VYe-O7nicelr Sir R. T. KINDERSLXY. This was a demurrer for want of parties to a bill filed by a creditor of John Aston, deceased, seeking to set aside a certain deed, alleged by the plaintiffs to be alleged by the defendant as existing, the prayer being in conformity with the claim , the plaintiff, as such creditor, and tho defendant, as the son of John Aston, and grantee of the alleged deed, being the only parties to the suit and a demurrer was put in to this biU, on the ground that the personal representative of John Aston was a necessary party. DIr. Baily and fr. hfackeson appeared in support of the demurrer. Mr. GI.AssS and Mfr. HoBmIousx, in support of the bill, argued that the representative of John Aston was not a necessary party, or, if he was, it was competent for the Court nowr, undei the 44th' section of the 15th and 16th Victoria, chap. 86, to appoint some person to represent his estate. The ViE-CHANLCELLOR thought that the plaintiff, claiming as a creditor on the estate of Jobn Aston, only alleged that the defendant alleged that a celtain deedexisted, and, if a decree could -be made at all, it was obvious that the representative of John .Aston must be a party- to the suit, and. ~the question was whether a mere nominee under 'the recent practice coild for such a purpose represent the estate. Without laying down any general rule that in some cases that might be a sufficient ropresentition of an estate, until such a case should have been decided by a higher authority his Honour would never make a decree ag-ainst an estate with-out the actual personal representativo being before the Court; and his opiniosi was that this *as a a-case in whieh there was a necesity for some one to represent the estate as tho executor-or administrator of John Aston. (Befor, re- Chd or Sir W. P. WOODm * - - -.EVY 'V. £B * IA3 Thix was a motion on behalf of the plaintiff to restrain the lefendauts, C:r .. Lamb, H. Lamb, and 'lThoma Lamb, from FornpIeting or taking any farther prooodings towards cocsaIe'o' the -Sunday~ Tim to tho defondant aSihtnd fron or tranrring the neWs,paper orayshare therein f oSmt rany otUier person without the plaintiff's consent. It appeared from the satements in the bill that the plaintiff had been requested in October, 1854, by the defendants Iuamb, who were the proprietors of the Sunday Times, to undertake the management of the paper. The plaintiff stated his terms inTalotter of the 25th of October, 1854, and in November, 1854, it was agreed, in an interview between the plaintiff and the defendant George Lamb, that the defendants should engage him for the term of three yeors at five gineas a-Mweektomanage and conduct theSiie71ay Times, this salarv to be increasedto eight gineas a-week as soon as the profits of the paper should be increased to the extent of 1,001. per annum, and that the plaintiff should havethe option at any time during the term of three years of purc asing a quarter of the newspaper for 2,00D1. This agreement was, at the request of George. Lamb,reduced into writing by the plaintiff and signed by him, in dupEcate. Two copies of this agreement were sent to George Lamb for the signature of himself and brothers, and several ineffectual applications were niade by the ]plaintiff in 1855 that the agreement should be returned to hun signed by the defendants. Towards the end of 1855 the plaintiff was invited to purchase the whole of the newspaper, but declined to take upon himself so large a responsibility. Having subsequently been informed that the defendants were determined to sell the paper, he wrote to the defendant H. Lamb, on tthe 28th o J anuary, 1856, expressing his surprise at what he had heard, especially after the arrangement between them that he should have the right to purchase a quarter of the paper within a given period. He admitted that the agreement, with only his signature attached, had been lying in the hands of George Lamb, at whose request, and upon the ground that there was rarely an opportunity of getting half an hour with the defendants on the affairs of the paper, he had allowed the completion of the agreement to stand over, and that he hadnot objected to this, knowing the agreemnent to be morally and legally binding, at the same time urging them at once to complete the documents and settle the arrears of his salary. On the following day Henry Lamb called upon the plaintiff and made certain propositions to him about purchasing half of the paper, an did not, according to the plaintif's statement, dispute or question his right under the agreement, to purchase a quarter of the paper; but, on the contrary, admitted his right. After some further negotiation, the plaintiff, on the 21st of February, offered to purchase the paper for 3,0001., to be ?aid by instalments. On the 25th of February the plaintiff was informed by the defendants that they could not accept his offer, as they had had one more advantageous. As soon as he learnt that Mr. E. T. Smith, the lessee of Drury-lane Theatre, was the intended purchaser, the plaintiff, on the 28th of February, gave him notice of the areement of 1854, and that proceedigs would be taken to restrain the assienmeat or transfer of the paper. The plaintiff, who had fled his bMl on the 3d of March, had on the 5th obtained an interim order restraining the defendants George, Henry, and Thomas Lamb, until after Saturday last, from completing the sale, or signing or transferring the paper to the defendant E. T. Smith. The defendants had filed affidavits denying many of the plaintiff's statements, and stating that they looked upon the agreement as a proposal by the plaintiff; that it had never been signed, frix its containing a stipulaton to engae the plaintiff for three years certain and an option to the plaintiff of purchasing a quarter of the newspaper, to both which stipulations the plaintiff was well aware that the defendants positively objected, and that the proposed agreement was accordingly laid aside, and never show.n to Henrly and Thomas by George Lamb. M1r. RoIT and Mr. SPEED now moved for an injunction, and contended that the agreement of December, 1854, had never been repudiated by the defendants, who had clearly assented to it by their course of dealing with the plaintiff, and that they were bound to adhere to its provisions. The defendant Smith had clear notice of all the circumstances, and could not be allowed to complete his purchase to the injury of the plaintiffsrights,which were those of a partner; nor had the Lambs any right to sell their three-fourths of the concern without the plaintiff's consent. The Vric-CHACNcELLOB (without calling upon Mr. Daniel and MEr. Cottrell for the defendants) said that the plaintiff was not entitled to the injuction asked for, as at the present time there was no sufficient agreement established. A verbal communication had taken place between the parties towards the end of 1854, and a letter was sent in October of that year by the plaintiff, stating his terms, in which no definite time was- fixed during which the engageament was to be binding upon the parties. An agreement, signed by the plaintiff in duplicate, had been handed over to one of the defendants, and it was certainly a remarkable circumstance that the a"ree-I ment should not have been shown to the other defendants by George Lamb. It was stated that the defendants were lot disposed to bind themselves to the terms. At aUl events, it was not signed, and it was surprising that the plaintiff should have oeen content to allow it to remain unsigned. Be bad entered upon the management of the paper at five guineas a-week, and continued in that position until he received an intimation of the sale of the paper. A t all events, he had a right to consider himself aggrieved at the treaty having been entered into without his own proposal having been definitely settled. There was much to show that lIenry had in a great measure acquiesced in the plaintiffs view of his claim ; at the same time, the letter of the 28th of January indicated that the agreement was not considered by the plaintiff as finaly adjusted and concluded. The highest that the plaintiff had brought his case to was that the defendants wished to have his services, thinking them of value, and were willing to retain them up to the actual sale of the paper, but that the agreement aad not l?"a Eigacd ^Lain his own view it had not assumed its actual completion. Thomas Lamb was in no way affected, nor was it necessary upon the present ocasion to consider the Position of Smith. T'here vuld be no order upon the mothon, and the costs would be costs in the cause. TUESDAY, MaRCn 11. (Befor, Vce-f-husacei.or Sir R. T. KIDEnsLXY) COLYER V. COLERR This case came before the Court a few days since, and was noticed in 7ie Times, upon the point whether, on further consideration, the Court could entertain the auestion of charging executors with interest on the balances. His Honour then thought that it was competent for the Court to do so, and directed au inquiry as to the, sums in the executors' hands, and the case now came back upon that inquiry. MEr. Teed, Mfr. Glasse, Mr.- Baily, Mr. Shebbeare, lMr. Hallett, and Mr. Roche appeared for the several parties. The VICE-CnAffCELL0R inspectcd the accounts, which had been made out before his Yonour's chief clerk, and said that it was an undoubted rule of equity that executors ought not to be charged wvith interest on balances in their hands, if they were trivial; but of course that rule did not hold good where they were considerable, and more than they ought ordinarily to have retained in their hands. It was saidonthelastoccasion that the balances were not only smaller than they were said to be, but that they were sometimes in the executors' favour. Nlow, it was clear on undoubted evidence that such never was the case, but that -from the year 1848-for you could not go furtherback-they had been gradually increasing against the executors, and at last amounted to 1,7001. odd, so that it was onlyjustice that they should pay interest. (Before Vice-Channcllor Sir W. P. WOOD.) JOSISTONE V. HALL. Th.eVICE-CHAh2CELLoR gave judgment in this case. The object of the suit was to restrain the defendants from carrying en the business of aladies' school at No. 251, York-street, Cheetham, in Lancashire, or any other trade, business, or employment whatsoever, and for using the house and premises otherwise than as a private dwelling-house. John Hawkins, the testator, in 1838, demised to Simon Jacobs a plot of land in Cheetham for 999 years for building parposes. The lease contained a covenant by Jacobs not to erect, or make, or carry on, or suffer to be erected, or made, or carried on at any time upon the said plot -of land, or in-any building to be erected thereon, any inn, tavern, &c.-enumerating various trades; or to exercise or carry on, or permit or suffer to be exercised or carried on upon the land, or in any buildings to be erected thereon, the trade or business of a maltster, innkeeper, &c., or any other manufactory, trade, business, or employment-whatsoever, or commit, or permit, or suffer any nuisance or annnoyance whatever in or upon the said premises, it being bspedally agreed that the premises should at alltimes thereafter be used and enjoyed solely as private dwelling-houses. Under-this lease houses had been erected upon the demised land, -one of which was known as 251, York-street, Cheetham.- Jacobs assigned his interest under the lease to the defendant al, who had underlet 251, York-street, to the defendant, John Armstrong, for a term of years terminable at Christmas, 1856. This house had been used by Armstrong as a lidies' schooL Tne plaintiffs, who were entitled uiider the wiU aud codicil of John Harding, the lessor, to the first estate of inheritance in his demised estates, had, upon receiving notice that the house was being used as a school, required the defendants HaU and Armstrong to discontinue such employment, as being a breachofthecovenant -contained inthelease. John lay. wood Hawkins, the tenant for life, had declined to take any steps for preventing the carrying on of the schooL The case was argued by Mr. Rolt and Mr. Freeing on behalf of the plaintiffs; and by Mr. Daniel, Mr. Eddis, Mns Dickinson, and Mr. getbe for the several defendants. - The VicE-CHANcELmoB, afterstating the case, said that there was no authority directly upon the subject, although many cases approached it. It was pretty elear that the plaintiaff could have bad no remedy at law, though of course it did not foUlow that they mightnot-obtain relief in eqouity. On the covenant itself the reversioners could not sustamn an action, nor could they bring ani action for damage to the reversion unless some speciilfdiiiige were proved; such damage mnst be iin respeet- of -iome materal injury to the property itself,: or to thd reversioners' title. It was here alleged that the school was productive of inconvenience ana annoyance-to the other tenants, and was detrimental to the propertyby lowering the character of thehouse, whereby t lieo estat and interest of the plaintiffs in the property woald he materially injured. There *aino evidence, however, of any such damage having been sustained. If the plaintiffshad been actually in possession,ithe- business being wdthin. the ovenant against trade,- "KLemp v. Sober" (1 Simnuos, lT.S.), 'they' would: be-entitled to poific performance, and to have tho'- benefit -of thea covenant modeo et for. Ef- the trade- carried on were of a nosious nature, there wfould bemch saHouis damna!eas to injure the ieversion, but then-it-would- be-within-Those cases at law vwhere an actior. could be'sustainod on the ground of special damage. When the. party complsiniag was, as here, not in possession, -he fnist: show 'some materiel and special damage to entitle hihn to relief in this court. Although the Court wvould not inoquire into the amount of injuTy where - the. -enjoyment of the party in possession was being interfered with, yet in the case of a reversioner upoin so small and thin a circumstance the Court would not put in force this extraordinary remedy, vithout feeling itself at liberty to inquire into the amount of damage. It was impossible to say -that there was such injury in this case as to induce him togrant the relief sought by the plaintiffi. His-Honour, afteradverting to the arguments as to the inference of acquiescenoo arising against the plaintiffs if they had-not taken these proceedings, said that t'ey would not be in any way bound in the present case. hen they came into possession they moight, if they thought fit, insist upon their rights, and their case would be within theauthorityof "Xemp v. Sober," but at present their right WMa of much too shadowy a z,ature to entitle thez.L tk relief. The billmusti therefora be dismissed, with coDt IEE V. ReOLE. The only question in this case arose between encumbrancers on a reversionary share in the produce of real estate devised in trust to be sold; the question being, whether the first of such encumbrancers in point of date was to be postponed to the others, they having given notice to the trustee of their securitjes,-which the first encuinbrancer had omitted to do as to his. The estates had been sold in this suit, aud the_produce was about to be distributed. AiMr. D_JXEIL and Mr. W. P. M3runRAY, for one of the eneunbranoers who had given notice, contended that the well-established rule v,ith regard to assignments of Chowes cml action must apply, the real estate in this case being absolutely converted in equity at the death of tho testator. Mr. Bilton appeared for the other subsequent enoumibrancer. Mr. .tDmA JOX,me for the fust encunmbrancer, urged ! that the assignments were assignments of an equitable inte- rest in real estate, to which that rule had been held not to a"V.r. olt, Br. eed, Afr. lmborb, and DEr. Hatchard were counsel for other parties. The VIci -ChNCELLOR said that, on the teencided which the case of " Foster v. laclstone" had Deen decded in the House of Lords, he must clearly hold that the first encunmbrancer in point of date must be postponed to the sbrheequent encumbrancer, who had given notice. It was true that jirinciple di.d not apply to real estate, bnt in this case it was clear that none of the children (the legatees) could have reached this real estate except through the medium of the trustee, and except in the shape of money, and therefore the principle would apply, and the declaration woiud be in accordance with that view.
PRElROGATIV-E COURT. M0NDAxr 3AIT 10 I GILBERTSON V. NORTMVOOD. (Before Sir J. DoDsox.1 . Xnis was a quesslon as to the validity of the will of Mr. Thomas Northwood, late of Haverstock-ill, dated the 14th of September, 1854. The case was only partly heard when the Court rose. COOPER V. COOPrP. AND OTlRP.S. ERATIJTh.-In our report of this case yesterday the learned Judge is represented as ssying that there mnight nzo0 have been sufficient evidence in support of the will without the evidence of Mr. Tmuwhitt, whereas it should have been that there mighthave been, &c.
COUBT OFBANKBUPTCY, Bans_haZZtreCa,achl0. I RE JFYERIES. (Before Mr. Comrnistioner EvAw-,- Txhis was the examination meeting in the care of Charles Jefferies, late of Union-court, Old Broad-street, merchiant, trading in partnership with Richard WVillam Pearce andl lawieueehorneDlutton, under thefianof Jeffecies, Peare, andCo. an atRiodo Taniro unerthe firm of Dutton, Thebalnceshet, repredby esss.Paul and Tturner; eommncinfromthe st o Octber1S52 to the date of the pettio, te 2th f Jnua, 856 shwst'he following:-' Tounisecnredcreditors .. f15,451 11 8 Creditor holding security.ssN 9 s Creditors on bills of exclhange . zs2i 19 10,i Credfitors on consignments, less advances .- 7,195- 15 3I Commlssions .. LOS8 4 6 Liabilities .. . .. . . . N 3 9 Ditto, on account of Duatton, Pearce and Go., of Rio .. 70,000 0 b Differeoce in boo" 1. 7 0 7 BY cssh handed to official assignee . 6,094 12. 8 Cash at Bank-ers.346 Is; 1 Debtors-good .. .. .. . 105 All Dutton, Pearce, one Co., on direct shipment account.20,862 4 9 Ditto, on goods consigned .9,335 5,2 Propertybeldby creditor.63 6 .0 Consignments outstanding . 1,039 13 4 Rt. W. Pearce ..'9, 13 Ctarles Jefferies.3418119 11 Expenses of inspection, 1.e 47? 15 10 Tr-ade expenses.,6l6 1 4 Losses.110o19 5 LiabiLitiespercontma..73,320 3 9 £1M448 4 20 Mr. Linklater appeared for the assignees, and Xr. Roule for the bank-rupt. Mr. _BROw;s, for the assignees, objected to some ]Proofs, amounting to about 10,00W, on the ground that thle creditors also held securities on the Rio estate, which was nearly solvent. M1r. AsrwAxD having been heard in support of tbhe proofs, His Hoxorn reserved hiis judgment on that point. The bankrupt passedl his examination without o'oposition. In RE STAIYSEY. The bankrupt, Peter Stainsby, was describedl as a smelterImanufacturer, of Bishopegate.street and elsewhere. This 'was the adjourned examination meetine. His accounts, whtich have already been published in detaqiL show liabilities 429,611. ; the assets have only realized so far a little over 3001. The bankirupt takes credfit for a capital three years ago of 45,366., the difference being accounted for by losses returned at 70,3691., which had been chiiefly incurred by mining tr-ans,actionis. Mr. Inaklater supported ; M1r. I'a'wrance, for the assignes did not oppose. The bankrxupt passed. TuEsnAy, MARcH11.L (Belfore Mr. Commfssioner EVIAWS.) IN RE STRAHA.N, PA7UL, AND) BATES. This wasthe adjourned examnination meetin.gin the case of W. Strahan, Sir John Dean Paul, andI Robert Malin Bates,1 bank-era and navy agents, of the Strandl andl Norfollk-street. The bankrupts were broueght up in custody. Since the last meeting separate balance-sheets have been filed, of which the following are copies, and Mrx. Turqquand's (the accountant's) report. "THE SEPARATE ESTA~TE OF WVILLIAS STRMANA. Rromn January 1, 1853, to June11, 285. Dr. £ ad. Tocreditersuneecured.859 3 10 To creditors holding security 2,700 0 0 Toliabilitiesas c-frsteewith B JrpT ).aul . ..17.231 10 7 To inoome.15,45S 13 4 To share of profits ofbankpaessedtomny creaitin 1s52. £3,700 0 0 Ditto, in 18537,700 0 0 Ditto, in154 .. -7,04 0D --23,400 0 0 To surplus assets on the Ist of.January, 1852 3. . 25,048 2 0 348,566 1 5 Or. £ s. d. ByDlebtors (good).1,471 6 0 By ditto (doubtiul).774 26 10 lily ProPerty unencumbered: Sundries .. . ..(see page) .. f.l..=0 is7 Shares .. . ditto . 4. . 376 10 0 Reversionary interest .. ditto .. . . 400 0 0 :B rPryhl sscriybpiaeceftr 2.760 0 0 Byproperty, security to creditors of bank- (see page). B3yexpenses, includiag improvements at ,Aiaurst and expenditure enfarms Expnaditure . £. 14,956 8 9 Improvements, &as..58551 11 7 23.503 0 4 Esynnnulty paid E, Dw .. . . . .2753 17 1 Byloeses.11,962 18S1 By Si rahan and COD. Asaper Joint balance-slieet .. . 17,401 14 3 Add share ofproatts . 23,40O0 (30 7D14 By liabilities Per contra . - 1a1,rso 33 ','13LAXC-S r OFSM JOBe DEAl? PAUt -BART. Dr. zLa.d. To creditorstrusecuoed.23,4D2 11 6 To creditors holding seemnity fully covered;£14,500 0 0 Tocreditorsholdinggecurity.partlycovrered 13,00 0 0 LesovTalue of security .. . ,185 9 013811 To liabilities00 account of bank . 124,8011 5 To liabilities as trustee, &ac. 20.88 11 To income..3,546 92 To chare of profits of ba1 passed to mny credit inIBM .. .... ..3,30 0 0 Ditto, in IS5i.3,0D0 0 9 6,0 To surplus of sseet.onxmte Isteo gjauoryf.ls. . 4,375714 0 216.706 18 7 By debtors goDf.2,241 4 0 By- debtors doubtful , 10 0 0 By property.9,186a 19 0 ]ByPropertheldn accsuemty by creditors fulY eOYered.2,4 0 0 Deduct Imbuntoftbeircla,inms .14,5000 0 5 0 00 By expenses. .. , 17,175 3119 By aulowanne to nysnadohrumembers of m"y family, kc 83172 19 By oDses835 .1.7 6 2 B3y Sta CnadOD. as per Joint balaifl5- sheet. .~ 71212 3 For share Of prWat ~~~7.072 12 3 By iiabl;ities, perconatra.. ,. . 14,5312 9 216,796 18 7 "HE SEPAR-ATE ETT orRBET?rdn BTS I'rbm January 1, 1852, to June.11, 153. Dr. £ s. d- To creditors..' .. 35 3 7 ToiStraban md 6.. 4,381 7210 To incomne .. 4,415 21 if To mupilusof assets over liabilities, Januay 1, 1852 729 10 8 To liabilities on sceount of bink .. .... 23.0381o 8 To ditto, so cQ-trustee withx Si, j. D). Paul. . . 4,336 12 1I 147,986 8 8 Cr. L d. ~Byproperty. .. . 29 7 By expense.. 4,4861 6 BEylo,,ege . 27,703 3 2 B3y interest to Straa and Co.. 4136 8 By liabilities peroeetrl ,.133,345 3 - 'C. ~~~~~~147,91 88 "Th Nearae hlaue.sleea cmmece on the 1st of Jnnnary,IScs2. In the report made o the 11lth of Decenber~tsupo th jintbalnceshet,the surplus priateproery o th prtnrs wa esimaedto havebeen WV. Stccdisn .. . 100,000 11 D.P1.a ulO '~Oinadngp te b1ane.5a~ he acrtsanedamounts aroAs follows. £ s M.Strhan . ., .. . 128048 2 0 Sir J. D. Paul .. .. . 4,514 a B.-t.Bhat .. .. . .. 2 At the date of the bankuptcy the creditors ot W. | Uahan amounted to , 319 li e aets snounted to .. .. ., S t - which £70,457 are held as securitybr a nk crdi tor,I heretors of Sir J. 2. raul secured, as Well as i- secured, ,iounted to ., ;.5902 i *f The ici0Zdinproinery held as secuity, to .. 3 X The creditov ot. D. _ LateF, including debt due to the - Bank, amountedUtd . £,466 05 The assetsamounted to 1,93 i "It will be seen, on reference to the balance-sheets, that liabilities arising out of Bank transactions to the amount of ulpwrards of l34{,000 have ranked against the assets of the separate eStateS, independently of suldry liabilities in respect of trnst funds. - During th^ period embraced by the balance-sheet3 the paid intothe Bank byWilliam Strahau and Sir J.D.Paulexceed the sums drawn out by them. in tEe case of William Sthahan such amount was supplied from his private estate; in the case of Sir J. D). Paul, partly from thie sale of his private property, and partly from moneys in respect of winch parties ale now creditors on his separate estate. - "Wa TuIQqu.ND." hrr. Raines appeared on behalf of the trustees of Mrs. Fitzgerald (Sir John Paul's sister), in support of a proof for 17,000L. The proof had already been made agamst. the joint estate, and was now sought to be made agiinst the separate estate of .Mr. Strdhan, as one of the trustees. Hr. LA,NCE, for the assignees, resisted this proof, oit the ground that Mr. Strahan had only become a trustee in 1S52, before which period the appropriation of the greater part of the truAst money h.d taken plaoe. Mr. INE:LATEP., on behalf of the separate creditors of Mr. Strahan, also opposed the proo£ Sir John Dean Paul was here brought into court for the purpose of beingexamined. His<appearancewasveryddjected. He-was examined as to the circumstances -onder whichthe trust was created, and which ave alreadyappeared. He stated, in addition, that Mr. Strahan only became a trustee in 182, and he did not believe that he knei anything of the application of the funds. Ho (Sir John) was a trustee to several estates, ana used to carry -what sums he chose to his private accouit. After hearing the examinations, His HoNOUR disallowed the proof. There was no evi. dence that Strahan knew of the receipts at all. The bankrupts then passed. Mr. STURGEO-V, for Mr. Bates, inquired if a daywould ba named for the certificate meeting I lir. IAIA 2 NCE said, he was aware of the cause of this in9nry. It was made so that in the event of M1r. Bates beinnghereafter placed in a different position to the other bankrupts he might not have been prejudiced by delay. It would, of course, be open to MTr. Bates to make an applica. tion to have a day n amed for the consideration of his certificate in the event of his receiving Her 26ajesty's pardon. Mr. STURGEOhN.-Very -ell; perhaps it had betterrest in that way. Mr. LUCAS, for Mfr. Aabrev Paul, son of Sir J. D. Pauln applied that some evidence might be gone into in respect to a proof that had been admitted against the separate estates of the banlrupts, but the paynment of the dividend under which had been ordered to be staved until a debt which he owed to the Bank had been satisfied. Sor e evidence having been given, the proceedinDg terminated. (Before ?Mrr. Coranissioner FONBhLNLQvE.) N RE J. CLAYWORTH. The banlrrapt was a poulterer, of Gracechurch-street. This was a maeeting for the choice of assignees. It apueared that the bankrupt had left the country. 31r. ORIDu-, for the assignees, stated that a letter had been received from America indicating that there was no probability of his returning to surrender. The CoURT ordered the bankrupt to be procLaimed in the usual for3n.anrptobprcamdith
INZSOLVENT D-EBTOBS COUAT, March 1L J:S WT hIILIAM ASflR]RW BARR, OTEmaNVSE BAlPRY_ (Before Mr. CompihqionP,r AiTrwpr I was opposes by hlr. DovWse for tWo credSitors, named Noyes and Fryer; other creditors appearei sain Trson; Mr. Sargood and Xr. PEeed supported. The insolvent, who described himself as a gentleman, owed debts to the extent of 3,474T., of which amount 1,432?. were febts ,without consideration upon acceptance. He had been in the habit of renting mnanors and rights of sporting, ana male a profit by inducing gentlemen to join him inshooting over them. He had rented a place near Linfield, in Susse-, from Mr. Noyes, who was now the detainingg creditor. Ia. Fryer, an attomey of Wimborne, Dorsetslire, also let him a house, aucd the right of shooting over land at Lytchett. The rent, according to Mr. Fryer's statement, was to have been paid in advance, but, upon calling upon the insolvent at his request, the latter showed him a letter whi^h he had just received from Mr. Baine, of Edinburgh, his solicitor, managing his affairs in Scotland, where he h,d considerable property producing 2,0G0. per Annum.\ The letter was to the effect that It world he nqjcessary topay immediately 3.in reference to 'some bu ness then pending, which payment would enable tihe insolv*nt to receive in a short time a sum of 1,2001. Theinsolven tthereupon filledup adraughtupon the London a:dd WestAinster Bank, and consulted Mr. Fryer upon the best terms in which to couch his reply to Mr. Baine, in order that the draught might be applied to the specific object in view. The letter was written, the draught enclosed, and the insolvent, in Mfr. Fryer's presence, sent it off to the post-office,at the sa2ne time telling that gentleman that this unexpected paymnen' would prevent him from paying the rent in advance as he intended, but that in a sSort time his banker's account would be strengthened, and he would then give a check for the rent. Mr. Fryer, through his bankers, inquired at the Lordon and WesminsterBank, who replhed that they did not klow the insolvent, nor had he ever any account there. lUpox this being communicated to the insolvent he expressed his surprise, and declared that he had banked there for year, and was, moreover, a shareholder in the concern. Ar. Fryer renewed hias inquiries, but obtained the same reply from the bank; and, moreover, learnt that Mr. Baine, of Edinburgh, was only concerned as solicitor for the insolvent in some action of small moment. When Mrx.ryer received this last infonuaton the insolvent had quitted Lytchett, and was not found until he was in prison at the suit of Mr. Noyes. The clair of iMr. Fryer was 2801., on accornt of which he had received The insolvent denied the representations as to proparty imputed to him by Mr. Fryer. He said, he was convicted in 1S4S of cheating at cards, and sentenced to imprisonment; but the indictment vas subsequently cuashed, and. he got out of prison. He had -won maoney by netting, but not at card-playing. Mr. Wyatt, a jeweller near Linfield, opposed on account of jewelry suppliedto the inso?ent; andir. Barr,an upholsterer, of 0O -street-road, climed 961. for furniture sold upon an understanding that ready money should he paid. A long remand was asked for upon the ground of fraud, but The learned Co.N-=Mssro.\-r said, as there was a defective notice, the case was not ripe for adjudication. Xe would, however, secommend thV insolvent, if possible, to effect some arrangement with tle opposing creditors, as otherwise an immediate discharge iiight not be granted. Adjourned to Mfarch f3.
SRWVG ASSIZES. NORTHERN CICUTIT. UUtki. .AR1CHI 10. Mir. Baron laartn and Mr. Justice Milles arrived at this city from Durham on Saturday afternoon, and imme.iately opened the comnmssion. , Their Lordships yesterday attendedc divine service at the cathedral. This muorning, after breaskTsting -with the LordMfayor at the Mansion-house accordingto custom, 51r. Baronl Iartin proceeded to try thb city prisoners at the Gujidhall, Mr. Justice Wiles clarsng the grand jury at the Castle, andsitting on the Croweideforthe trial of the county prisoners. The calendar contains thle namesiof 64 prisoners, 10 of -whom are out on bail. Of these 1 ' charged -with murder, 2 with attempt to murder, 15 with burglary, 9 with robbery, 2 with rape, 1 with manslaughter, 4 with arson, 3 with cutting ana wounding, 4 with night poadhing, 7 -vith peijury, and the rest with 3ninor offeaces. The cause list contains an entry fr the West Riding of 45 causes, of -which 15 are marked for special juries. he East and North Riding list is not yet published. The business on both the ciil and criiu sides is considerd light. After trying the city prisoners MNr. Barcn Martin took hLsi seat in the 29isi rius Court about 2 o'clcck, and was occupied all day trying an uninteresting a-tioa to recover the amount of an architect's bilL CROW CORT.-(Before Mir. Jistice WILXf S.) William Taylor was charg0ed 'with lying placed in his shop, at Scarborough, gunpowder with ntentto explode and destroy hisa stock and premises. Mllr. Anderson was for the prosecuton, and Mr. Hardy and lMr. C. N'~ewton for the prisoner. appeared that Taylor was a grocer atScarborougb and inMay, 1855, he insured his stock and furat3re for 80 in the Yorkshire Insurance Company. At thistime he had in his service .a man naed Cross, who was now called hs a witness, and v'ho deposed to certain conversatioi; with the prisoner about fring the premises, and that in Akust last he went, by the desire of the prisoner, to Whitby Sr gun powder, and a firing " coil" 'with which to do this. 'Iavas.- obtained tllese articles he gave them to the prisone by whom they were placed on one of the shelves in his shop. At that time the prisoner's stock w ws very low and not worth above £250. Cross then gave information to the police, and produced two pistols, hic" lie stated ho got from the prisoner, who had expressed thl intention of blowing out his own and Cross's brains if Crost disclosed arythina about what had been done. On cross_xaminLtion'Cross adinitted that he had- -formerly been in.'bnsiness as a grocer at Plick-ering, that he'ha given a bill ef isle and his creditors got nothin- and his aunt everything, from iwhoi he had obtained nearly all she had received. He had also been living in her house when a charge was inade against him of stealing 304 from a lodger. His aant Vas now receiriog parishrelief. There had also been charges made againsr ihim of selling prisoner's goods in his (Cross's) name to certain people, with which sums ho was afterwards debited by the assent of the prisoner, and the leves in his master's books, to wFhich he had access, on whichthe debit appeared, had been afterwards torn from the books. It subsequently appeared that the firing coil and the gunpowder wera never connected, and there appeared on tlhe facts proved no intention of fTring the house. This put an end to the case, the learned judge being of opinion from the depositions that the case could hiot be carried further, and the prisoner was therefore Acpsittcd. James 'Wilson, ageda23, was indicted for a lur.glary at Sheffield. on the 23d of January last, in the dLwelhUghowea of John Hanson. MIr. Campbell Foster proSsecuted; tho prisoner wass un- It appeared thai thte prosecutor lived in Spital-street, Shefiield, and on the 2'2d of January la.at, his wife having sat upfohim till 1. o'cbockjlockefdthe door and went to b,d. plQekeyclose to a window which opened -it.o th*
ATT.ANTD qTrqTzm LLNCOLN. ARcH 10. Ine cause uist contains an entry of 10 causes. Both courts comnenced business this morning at 10 o'clock. CIVI SIDE.-(Before the LORD CmEr JuSTICE and a Comzmon Jury.) LEVERTOX V. LEE. This was an action of assault Fand false imprisonment, with a count also for the wrongful conversion of the plaintiff's cart. Mr. Mlellor, Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Elayes, and Mr. W. H. Adams were counsel for the plaintiff; MIr. Flowers, and Mr. Field for the defendant. The plaintiff and defendant are both farmers, occuPYng land is Wildmore Pen, which is one of the districts subject to the jurisdiction of the Witham Drainage Commissioners; and on the 6th of Decemberlast the plaintiff becamethe purchaser of a bean-stack belonging to the defendant, wlhich w-as sold under a distress for drainage-rates. At the time of the sale the defendant gave some intimation that he denied the validity of the distress, and when the plaintiff became the prrchaser, said it was all very we}l to buy, but it would ba a very different thing to take away. On the 10th of Decemnber, about S o'clock inthemornin, the plaintiff, accompanied by a Mr. Turner, who was botli a farmer and a constable, went with a light tax-cart to the defendant's farmn, takdng with them among other things a saw and a crowbar. They found the entrance to the farma obstructed by a gate, which they lifted off the hinges, and then proceeded with the cart towards the stack. On the way they met the defendant lwith some of his men at a place where a trench had been dug across the road. The defendant then asked the plaintiff what he wanted there, and the plaintiff replied that he had come to take the bean-stack, whereupon the defendant ordered his men to "talke that man into custody," to take the mare out of the cart and set her adrift, and to break up the cart into matchwood; all which orders were very faithfully executed, for the men took the plaintiff off to the defendanVs house, where he was detained until 4 o'clock in the aftarnoon, and they afterwards sawed the wheeLs of the cart in;o pieces, as well as the hay-forks which were in it and also broke up the body of the cart itself. The value of the things thus destroyed was estimated at about 141. In the nfternoon application was made to a neighbouring magistrate for a warrant a-ainst the plaintiff, and the magis. trate sent a constable with a message requesting the plaintiff to come to him. The plaintiff, however, asked the cbnstable to show his authority for taking him, and seemed disinclined to go until the constable produced a pair of handcuffs, af; the sight of which the plamtiff yielded and accompmnied the constable to the magistrate, who, however, upon learing the nature of the case, said that it was a subject for a civilr .tion, and no' one which he bad any jurisdiction to dzal with. So the matter ended for that day; but very s'iortly afterwards two actions were commenced-one by tae p'aintiff, for the imprisonment of himself and the destruct.ion of his cart; the other by the defendant, for an unlawful distress. The -plaintiff in this action was cross-examined for the purpose of showing that he had come prepared to take the stack violently from the defendant, and that he was in some way coLnected with the collector of the drainage-rates, who had caused the ditress to be made. He would not admit that eitier the crowbar or the saw were brought by him for any othar purpose than that of quietly taking the stack, but he said that he had ordered two waggons and six more men to 'follow him for that purpose; and he altogether denied that he had been instigated by the collector to buy the s'ack, ihough he vas min the habit of doing work for him. He admitted that he was not greatly alarmed by the defendant's proceedings, and that, upon his asking for it, he l;ad his dinner at the defendant's house. Mr. FLowERs addressed the jury for the defendant, and admittiag that the defendant had done wrong, contended that the case would not bear the very serious colourin' which the plaintiff sought to give it. the defendant had acted under the belief that an unwvarrantable trespass was being committed upon his property; and considering the warnin' which he had given the plaintiff, and the manner inwhi& the plaintiffhad come armred for resistance, the defendant might not iunnaturallysuppose that he who wasin the employment of the collectorwas acting underhis influence in this mat-,er. That he did so suppose was quite evident; and though -'he defendant's conduct could not, of course, be justifed, he did not think that the jury would be disposed to visit his offence with any considerable amount of damnages. TheLCRDCTnEP JusTICE summedup, andthe jury having retired for about a quarter of an hour, found a verdict for the plaintiff-damages 251. LEE V. VESSEY ANsD OTEIERS. This was an action for an iLlegaL distress. M1r. Field and Mr. Bell were counsel forthe plaintiff' Mr Mellor, (Q.C., Mr. Serjeant Hayes, and Mr. W. H3. A_ams, for the defendants. The defendant in the last action was the plaintiff in this, and the action was brought against the Draine Commissioners and their baiLiff for distraining the plaintiff's bean-stackfor arrears of drainage-rates. it appearedthat by the acts of Parliament under which the commissioners acted, they had power to levy rates, and to distrain in case of non-paymnent for 21 days after demand. The warrant of distress in question was signed by the commissioners on the 24th of November, and the validity cf the distress made under it on the 30th was impugned on two . grounds :-1 That no demand of the drainage-rate, which was due at Lady-day, had been made before the 13th of November, when the plaintiff received a letter requesting payment of 291. 3s. 7d., the amount of the drainage rate, and also of another sum for a separate rate in respec.- of the maintenance of a bank, the liability to which the plaintiff disputed. 2. That before the distreswas made the amount of the rate was tendered. Upon both these points tLe evidence of the plaintiff and that of the collector .nd the bailiffconflicted. The plaintiff reresented that he hld always been quite ready and willing to pay, and had even offered to do so as long ago as Jttly, 1855, but that he could not get a receipt fromi the collector, who bad promised to send to him but biad not done so. He admitted, Eowever, that inhis interview with the collector in July he cer'sidered that what the collector said amounted to a-at*fi,st to pay; and the collector himself statedthat he did >-.bhat oc asion make an express demand of the money, in ."vp. to which the plaintiff only said that he " would see." T . - he tender, the bailiff positively deposed that before .. s -.Ine1 was tendered to him he had distrained the bean- I he:r no refused to accept the money tendered b .- Liffavouldnotpaytheexpensesofthedistress '.., inr r?,'ridiculed the idea of a man bein -..~ _ - . -iuy anxiousto pay, yet unfortunate nlc to find any one who would receive his o said that he could only account for the M eAt}J>ga? 7 of the plaintiff by the fact that hewas a .anant * .C -'r .enryDymock, the Champion of England - 'obably, on that account to fight all comers; .ed JUDGE left to the jury the twvo questions aoned, but observed that the plaintiff appeared be a very litigious person, who preferred going to la, -'iu% a tax which every occupier of land otght to - aully, on account of the great benefit which bhe from the drainage works maintained by the ,,Uri found a verdict for the defendants. MA~RCH 1L (Pefo'c Lorid C.urBrnLL and a Common Jury.) GOY V. NORFOLK. --s an action for the price of a horse sold with a S. The defendant paid 21. into court. a rjeimn IHayes and Mr. Field were counsel for the plaintiff; Mr. Mellor, Q.C., and Mr. W. Rl. Adams, for the deiendant. The plaintiff is a horsedealer at Wragby, in this county, and the defendant a fanner in the same neighbourhood ; and the sale of the horse in questioni tobk place on the 28th of S;eptember last. It was a big chesnut hoise, wnich the plaintiff himself had bought six days befure at Ifowden fair, on vwhich occasion he rode and jumped him, and found him as he stated, quite sound, free from cough, and in good general condition. He paid 321. 10s. for him, and on. the 28th resoldhim to the defendant for48L.-a warranty being givenl on both occasions. W lhen the defendant bought he also rode the horse, and expressed himself, as the plaintiff said, quite satisfied with him. lie said that he did not like so big a horse. as they we~te liable to -o roarers - but after the trial he liked him better "by allthe money." The horse was sent home to tke defendant the next day; and, according to the plaintiff's evidence, the defendant abouta fortnight afterwards told him that le was quite pleased with the horse, that he was very fresh, and that he was a capitaljumper; but two or three weekslater, when.the plaintiff spoke to bins about settling for the price, he replied thatthehorsevwas dead. StiU,he didnot disputehis labilityto pay, butpromised to settle in a week or so ; and the plaintiff said that it was a bad job, 'and he was willing to give up all profit upon thetransaction. Subsequently a post mork eexamination of the horse took place, and the defendant then informed the plaintiff that his veterinary surgeons were of opinion that the horse must have had disease both of the heart and lungs before the day of the sale to iiin; and that the plaintiff, therefore, must look to the man of whom he bought'it, andnotto the defendant. No opportunity, however, hadbe4n afforded tothe plaintiff of attending the postrnori-.m examination.Thehistory of thehorsewastracedfrom the time of his birth. The breeder, who had kept him for three years, described him as having always been very healthy and very lively; and those who had possession of him down to the sale to the plaintiff, at Howden fair, concurred in that description. As he was brought from Howden to Wra"by one of the witnesses stated that as he got to the top of a he once made a sort of cough or grunt; but, with that exception, he exhibited no symptoms of illness; and, according to the plaintiff's evidence, when the defendant bought him he was in the same condition. The defendant, on the other hand, stated that at that time he seemed dull and ill, and coughed several times, theugh he jumped and galloped pretty well. He stated thatthe horse blundered in hiswalk at that time, and that he only bought him in consequence of the assurance of the plaintiff that a dose of physic would bring him right. During the time he was in defendant's possession the defendant's witnesses stated that the horse continued to be dull and to cough occasionally, and that he continued to get worse and worse until the 25th of October, when he died- a veterinary surgeon having been called in on the 23d. Ae had been once taken out for -walking exercise on the 13th of November, but he had no violent exercise during the whole time of his being in the defendant's possession. After the death of the horse two veterinary surgeons examined the heart and lungs, and they described the appearances. The heart was greatly enlarged by organic disease, and the sabstance of tble right auricle was thin and hard. The lungs were also diseased; but they both considered the disease of the heart the cause of death, and that that disease had beei of-considerable standing. 3Mr. Spooner, the eminent veterinary surgeon of London, was examined on the part of the plaintiff; but he admitted that if the description given of the state of the heart were correct, there was evidence of chronic disease which must have been of some months' standing. Ee, however, stated that if that disease had existed, the horse would have been qite incompetent to take any strong exercise without exhnibiting ch symptomns of distress as must have attracted immediate attention, and that that state of chronic disease mullst have been produced by some severe illness. The IORD CHIEF JusTicE SUmmed up, and The jury, after retiring for a short time, found a verdict for the plaintiffh-damages, 481. Several causes having been settled, the civil business was concluded this afternoon. The Chief Baron has been engaged all day in the Crown Court trying prisoners. Thomas Bland, aged 20, pleaded "Guilty" to an indictment charging him with the manslaughter of his father, 31at-the v Bland, at Hacconby, on the 25th of February last. M hr. Bell appeared on the part of the prosecution, and Mr. Brewer for the prisoner. 4ccording to the statements of both learned counsel and the evidence of the witnesses called to the prisoner's character, it seemed that the deceased had been a man of violent temper and dissolute habits, who had frequently illtreated both his wife and his son, and that on the occasion in question, in Februarylast, whenthe prisoner, who worked for him in his trade of a blacksmith, caused his death by throwing at him and strildag him upon the head with a piece of iron, he had been provoked by the father first threatening him and then throwing at him a hammer which he held in his hand. Atestimonial, signed by the clergy and almost every inhabitantof the parish, was produced in the prisoners favour, and The learned JUDGE sentenced him to two months' imprisonment.
NORFOLK CIRCUIT. Ax1 mUs1x, MARCH U. 'The Chief Justiceof the Conmmon Pleas, and M1r. Justice Wightman arrived here yesterday, and opened the commis-ion. The calendar is numerically heavy, containing the names of 61 prisoners, but, with one or twvo exceptions, there is no charge of peculiar gravity. The cause list contains an entry of only three causes, in one of which the witnesses appeared to think the hour of business too early, and in their absence Mr. O'Malley and iWr. Wroth for the plaintiff, withdrew the record after the opening speech. CROWN COURT.-(Before CAief Jitice JERVIS.) James Miler was indicted for stealing a post-office letter, containing a half-sovereign, an envelope, and a fourDenny piece. Mfr. Prendergast and Mr. Burcham appeared for the prosecution, Mr. Power for the prisoner. The prisoner has been for some time employed as a lettercarrier inthe post-office at Aylesbury. Onthe3d of October last a Mrs. Sheffield, who was in the service of agentleman at Highbury, had occasion to send a remittance to a Mrs. Saw, of Ford, near Aylesbury, and enclosed,in a letter posted at the office opposite Finsbury-pavement to the above address, a half-sovereign, an envelope addressed to herself, and a foureny piece. On its arrival at Aylesburyit wasputintothe Cuddington bag, whence it was sorted by the prisoner into the bag for his own delivery. This was improperly done, for the letters to Ford, in the absence of express directions, were sent by a special messenger. The fetter not reaching its destination, inquiries were made of the prisoner, who said that he did not recollect it; that he must have niis-delivered it; and, subsequently, asserting that it was his first offence, offered 10s. rather than have any bother about it. After the close of the case for the prosecution, 'The CEaEF JuVSTcE interposed, and suggested to the jury that it would be safe not to convict the prisoner; the whole evidence consisted in the admission that he had done some thing wrong, which mnight mean that he had lost the letter, or mis-delivered it. Unless the jury were satisfied that the prisoner opened the letter and took the money, it would be safer to say that the charge was not proved. James Campbell and Edward Bewwereindicted for nttering a forged check, purporting to be drawn by Lord Digby upon Messrs. Hoare and Co., dated December 10, 1855. MIr. O'talley and r. Woriledge app eared fortheprosecution; MIr. Powier and Mr. hMills for the prsoners. It appeared that the prisoners, one of whom is a ticketof-leave man sentenced to transporttion no longer ago than 1S51, and the other an old offender, who had been summarily convicted three times before, mnst, in some way or other, have become acquainted with the writing of Lord Digby and his family connexions. The evidence against them was purely circumstantiaL On the day after the day of its date Messrs. Hoare received the cheek for 100Z, pur.orting to be drawn by Lord Dipby upon them in favour of hIs nephew, Air. Octavius Wingfield, accompanied with a letter, requesting two 501.-notes to be'sent by return of post to Mr. Wingfield, at High-street, Eton, and it was therefore clear that the person who uttered the check also wrote the letter. In order to connect the prisoners with this act, it was shown that they went on the day in question to an inn near Slough, called for some writing-paper, Iwhich a little girl fetched for them. This paper was black-edged, and the envelope bore an impression " Langley, Slough," in every respect corresponding to that received by Messrs. Hoare. The check was not paid, and on sending the answer a simple trap was laid for the prisoners, which was completely successful. The jury found the prisoners Guilty, and they were sentenced each to transportation for 14 years. NISI PRIVS COUIT.-(BcfOre Mr. Justice WIGUT1Ata and a Comnzon Jury.) WYLES V. REEVE. This was an action for breach of romise of marrige. The defendant pleaded in denial of thle promise, and that the plaintiff was at the time of the promise an unchaste person and had had divers bastard children, which she had then concealed from the defendant, and that he had not discovered the unchasteness until after the promise. Mr. Serjeant Wells and Mr. Newton appeared for the plaintiff; Mr. O'Malley for the defendant. TheplLintiffand the defendantare bothinahumbleposition of life ; the former being a journeyman brewer at Leighton, and the latter some time ago being engaged m assisting in the management of a little school, but latterly employed as a domestic servant. Nor was the moral. character of the parties at all higher than their soial standing, it being concededthat theplaintiff some years ago had given birth to a child, and that a mnis-. carriage was the result of her intiacy with the defendant. In March, 1855, the wife of the defendant died, and left him a widower.with two.children. Two months after the wife's death the defendant seems to have met with the plaintifflthey became very intimate, and, according to the plaintify the result was that she became pregnant and miscarriea. She did, in fact, miscarry in a fortnight after the commencement of the intimacy; and during the consequent illness the defendant went to see her, and conversations took place between them in the presence of the plaintiff's sister, from which it appeared that there had been some -previous talk about theirgettingmnarnied, and on one of these occasions the defendant said, "Get well, and we will be ,married directly." The plaintiff got well; but an opportunity occurred to the defendant for getting married to a widow, the landlady of a very prosperous publichouse. The defendant seems to have thought it wise to marrythe landlady, and accordingly he did so. Thereupon this action was brought. It appeared that the plaintiffwas suckling her first child at the time when she was acting as assistant in her sister's school, and there vas no evidence of any complaint made by the plaintiff to the, defendant, either orally or by writing before the actionm The learned JUDGE having summed UPj - - The jury retuirned a verdict ior the plaintift,-damages 5.
WESMTE1R fIRJlT1 . .SALISBURY, LAzuc1i 10. Tlhe commission tor holding the assizes for the county of Wilts wvas opened in this city on Saturday afternoon by Mr. Justice Crowder and Mr. Serjeant ChannelL] We may state that great cxertions have been made by the authorities here to remove any defects,that existed with rcgard to accommodation of those connected -with the administration of justice. The Judges' lodgings have been newly-furnished in a most handsome manner, so that their Lord&hips nmay have every coinfort on retiring from the labours of the, day. A number of cells have been constructed mider the courts, so that the prisoners ae kept separately dur,g the time they are waiting for theirtrials, and the van has also been constructed upon the separate system, so that all contamitation is prevented ; and were the prisoners arraigned separately there wouldbe no opportunity of reco(rnition,which tends greatly to the prevention of good conduct after the parties have undergone their Pmnishment. As there is nob now any real transportation, this has become matter of great importance, for where a man is recognized by amother as having been in gaol, it is impossible for him to steer clear of renewed crime. Had it not been for theSummary Jnrisdiction Act, there would have been 150 prisoners for trial here, instead of aO.
OXVOP,'n CTrRlnmI1I - - ORCESTER, MA-iCi 10. K, -J uskwe;u 'nr:RS .eu opened the commission for the county of Worcester on Saturday with- the usual forms, and yesterday his Lordship attended divine service at the cathedral. The business of the assizes commenced this morninr at 10 o'clock, Mr. Baron Brasmwell presiding in the ci court, and Mr. Justice Cresswell ija-the crininal court. The cause list contain an entry of 9 causes, 2 of which are marked for special juries. The calendar contains a list of 38 prisoners charged with offences of an ordinary descripiion. No fewer than 14 are out on bail. TUESDAY, ARCEI IL CA-I CO1URT.-(Before Mr. Baron BRAmwEL and a Special Jcry.) TEMPLE AND OTERS V. rEIR Mr. Vhateley, Q.C., Mr. Whitmore, Q.C., and Mr. Phipson app eared for the plaintiff-- and Mr. Keating, Q.C., and 11r. W. IL Cooke for the defendant. This was an action of ejectment, brought by the trustee and receiver of the Earl of Coventry, who was a minor, to recover possession of two cottages and land adjoining thereto, which for more than 20 years had been enclosed on part of the waste of the manor of Powick, of which the young Earl of Coventry was lord. Mir. WHATELEY, in his opening address, stated that, although the defendant hadbeen for more than 20 years in possession of the land enclosed from the waste, -which they contended, although at first wrongful, now gave them a good title, it would be proved in evidence that, during the greater portion of that time, the lords of the manor were only entitled to the estates as tenants for life, and, consequently, that the defendant had gained no title. The present action was brought by direction of the Court of Chancery to protect the interests of the younz Earl. Mr. KxErneG said, he had been favoured by the plaintiffs' counsel with an inspection of the documents which constituted the plaintiffs titl, and he was bound to say that he could not resist a verdict. He would therefore advise bis client to throw himself upon the liberality of the plaintiffs. Mr. Baron BRoNtwELL said, he thought that course a very proper one. It was commonly thought that undisturbed possession for 20 years gave a good title, and that was the case generally; but there were cases, of which the present was an instance, where, from a succession of disabilities, no length of time would confer a title. lEs Lordship thought the defendant vwas acting prddently in placing himself in the plaintiffs' hands, who, his Lordship had no doubt, would treat him with leniency. A verdict was then, by consent, taken for the plaintiffs. TRUMAN AND OTHERS V. ROPER. Mr. Keating, Q.C., and Mr. Phipson appeared for the plaintiffs; and Mr. Serjeant Pigott and Mr. Gray for the defendant. The plaintiffs in this action were Messrs. Truman, Hanbury, Buxton, and Co., the London brewers, who sued the defendant, a nailer and innkeeper, at Netherton, to recover the sum of 1461. Os. 3d., being the balance of an account alleged to be due on the sale of stout and porter. The only question in the cause was whether the defendant had purchased the goods, or whether, as he contended, he was only an agent selling on commission. The jury ultimately, after a long trial, found a verdict for the plaintiffs for 1421. odd. CRDiLNAL. CommtT.-Beforc Mr. Justice CREswELL.) Edward Turner was charged, both upon an indictment andI apon the coroner's inuisition, with the manslaughter of =amuel Millard, at Eesowen, on the 28th of September, 1855. Mr. W. HL Cookeappeared ascounselfortheprosecution; aind r. Cook Evans for the prisoner. Mr. CooRE, in stating the case, said that, on the 3orning of the 28th of September last, the prisoner was employed as eneineman at a pit belonging to Captain Benncett, calledtheuffeDart;Pit. About 7o'clockinthemoruing a direction was given to the prisoner to " shoot," which was understood as a signal that the "bonnet," or iron cover, was about to be put on the " skip," in orderthat it miglht be lowered into the pit, to bring up some men who had finished their work. This was done, and then the signal was given, "1 Coming up," there being at the time three men and a boy in the "sLip." It was the duty ofthe prisoner to be in the engine-house, and to attend to the signal given by the banksnman to stop the engine, when the "sldp." came up to the p it's mouth. On the occasion in question the prisoner had left the engine-house, and was standing at some distance, when the banksman cried out, "fMind the top." The prisonerwent to stop the engine, but this was not done in sufficient time, and the consequence was, that the skip - went up towards the pulley which overhung the pit. The banksman seeing danger put the " waggon," or moveable platform, over the pit's mouth, and cried oat to the men in the " 'skip" to junp for their lives. The men did so and were saved, but the boy waS dragged over the pulley in the skip, and falling from a considerable height, sustained severe injuries, from which he died in a few hours. The learned counsel said that if the jury should be of opinion that the negligence of the prisoner caused the death of the deceased it would be their duty to say he was guilty of manslaughter. M7r. Justice CEssixvELn said, he entertained some doubt whether the facts in this case would establish a charge of manslaughter. It had been held by Mr. Baron Alderson and Mr. Baron Parke that, in order to establish a charge of manslaughter in a case of this Rind, there must be some act done, and that a mere omission would not suffice.-" 1R. v. Green' (5, 0. and P.). The learned counsel had omitted to state one fact,-viz., that, at the time of the accident, the prisoner was attending to the boiler, from which the steam was issuing with a loud noise, and that he probably did not hear the signal. Mr. EvA.Ns said, it also appeared on the depositions that the usual signal was a bell, attached to the engine, and that none of the witnesses could say that they heard the bell. Mr. COOEE submitted that there was an act done by the prisoner when he set the engine in motion. Mr. Justice CRESSWELL said that, perhaps, that might do; but hisLordship did notthink that the other facts of the case were sufficient to establish the crime of manslaughter against the prisoner. Mr. EvANs mentioned that it had several times been proved at Stafford, on trials of this kind, that there was a apatent -self-acting apparatus which stopped the skip, anad placed the waggon over the pit's mouth, If that apparatus were made use of by the iron and coal masters these accidents might be prevented. Mr. Justice CnRSswxsl then directed an acquittal. James Millington, 23,, collier, was charged with cutting and wounding Caroline Palmer, at Oldbury, on the 16th of December, 1853, with intent to murder her, and also with intent to do her some grievous bodily harm. MWr. WV. H. Cooke appeared for the prosecution; the prisoner was andefended. It appeared that the prisoner and the prosecutrix had lived together for several months, but they had separated, and the prosecautrix was unwilling to have anything more to dowith him After about a fortnight the prisoner went to her house, but she told him to go away. The same night he saw-her going towards her home iR company with another young man, when he made what the young woman thought was a snatch at her throat, and then ran away. When he had gone the prosecutrix found that she was bleeding. The assitance of a surgeon was then obtained. When he arrived he found the prosecutrix insensible, with two cuts on her throat, twvo on the chin, and one on the index inger of the right hand. One of the wounds had partially penetrated the windpipe. It appeared that the prisoner had afterwards attempted to destroy himself. The same surgeon was called in, and found him insensible. He had been stiff for hours in consequence of a jagged wound in the throat. Both parties haa recovered from their wounds. The prisoner, when called upon for his defence, cast down his face and whispered, " I pray for mercy." Mr. Justice CRESSWELE, in summing up the evidence, said, he thought the jury could have no doubt that the prisoner must, at least, have intended to do the prosecutrix some grievous bodily harm; but they must consider whether or not the wounds were of such severity as to satisfy them that he had the intent to murder the young ivomam. The jury, after a few minutes' consideration, found the prisoner Guilty of wounding with intent to muader. Mr. Justice CRESSWELL said, the prisoner had been convicted of a capital offence. He concurred in the verdict of the jurey, and thought they had done right andonly discharged their duty in finding that verdict. Hle did not know what other intent the prisoner could have had than the one which the jury had found. The sentence of death would not, however,becarriedintoeffect. The facts of the case would be representedcto Her Majesty's Secretary of State for the Home Department, who would advise Her M1ajesty as-to the extent to which her mercy ought to be extended to the prisoner.
hOTME flTE.fTrr- - *MAIDSTONE, 72IAcH U. fllUuuuui ru r Ie counny Os eent was openein m this town on 3onday, and to-day both courts proceeded to business, 3Fr. Jusie Coleridge presiding in the Crown Court, and fr. Baron Alderson at Hfis, Pius. There are 17 cases entered for trial on the civil side, four.of hich are special jury eases. There are 78 prisoners for trial in ths C.'roan ¢ourt,and a good many of the cases are of a serious character. (Before fr. Justice COLERIDGE.) Richard Bouchier, the chief officer.of the Mangerton steam-vessel, surrendered to take his trial rupon three charges of manslaughter. The frst case that was taken charged the prisoner with the manslaughter of Harriet Sutton. Serjeant Shee and Mr. Parry conducted the prosecution; 3Mr. Balantine and Mx. M.foll were counsel for ithe defence. These charges arose out of the melancholy loss of the XosephineWillis, e)uigrant ship, off Folkestene,-on the 3d oE February last. -.It will be remermbered that' this vessel Wa, -run down by the gangerton, and that more than 60 of th3 unfortunate persons on board her lost their- lives-on the occasion. The corQner's jury returned.three verdicts of minslaughtel against the prisoner, who was4the hief- officer of the Mangerton at the time of- the umfortuiato occurrence, andthese wereth eses now to be disposed of. Serjeant SHE; Ipeied the ease for ithe prosecution, and gave a narrative of: the facts, but as theybhave been given so recently and at such very great length in the reporb of the proceedings instituted by birder of the Board of Trade, lt will not be necessary to give 3nore than a short outline uon tthe present occasion, It appeared that the Josephine Wills, which was -.a first-class emigrant ship, left the St. Katharine Docks in the afternoon of the 2d of February, having on board a crew of 41 persons and about 60 emigrants. The- vessel.was towed down to Deal by a steam-tug, the pilot then left her, and she proceeded down the Channel with all sails set, on her voyage to Aucldand, New Zealand.: About-6 oclockin the afternoon on the folloving day the Josephine; Willis passed the Foreland, and about S o'clock Mr. -Clayton, the chief mate, sighted a light, which he 'supposed at first to be, Dangeness 2Llght. At this time, it appeared, the -night was clear overhead, but 'huy in. the horizod, and Mr..Cla1ton having ordered tle ship's o.urs to be slightly altered, he alihosbimniediitely observed tXa in addition to the light he had first seen there wag exhibitea a red light and then a green- one, and he was thus mad&awviare that a steamavessel.was approaching. The-two -vessels'continued to come nearer and nearer, and at length itwoitld appear that the officer on board the Josephine Wilis saw that a colision was inevitable, and he ordered the heli tfo be altered, so as to ease the concussion, andin the result, te Manigertos ran into the Josephine`Willis a'iIdships cub her compnletely dovw.n, sl filled alinost imnediaely, and before any effectual assistance could be afforded the greater poltion of the unfortunate personsz on board the emigrant vessel were drowned. The learned .Serjeant said that, tnnder these circumstances, the Government had thought it right to institute an inaniry, and ia consequence of what then took place and- the finding of the coroner's jur, the owners of the Josephine Willis felt it to be their duty to carry out tim prosecution. He said it was not suggested that the friner had been the wilful occasion of the misfortune tbt hadoccurred,hut, according to his instructions, the prisoner had left the vessel tof which he had thecommand in the charge of an incompetent person, who had disobeyed the regulations prescribed by ihe act of Parliament in the case of two- vessels being in such a position in respect to each other as these vesse were at the time in question and if this fact was made out to the satisfaction of the jury, and that the fatal accident was the consequence of criminal neglect orinattention on the part of the prisoner, he said it would be their duty to find the prisoner guilty upon the present charge. Mfr. Keston Clayton, the chief officer of the Jose hine Willis, was called as the principal witness, and he spoke to the facts as above narrated. Ee stated that previously to the accident he was on the poop, and two men were stationed in the topgallant forecastle, who were also on the look-out. He received a report of the light being seen, from.these men, and he at first thought it was Dungeness Light. He continned to watch the light, and soon afterwards saw a red and then a green light, and he was then aware that it was a steamer that was approaching. When he saw the light the fiust time he ordered the helmsman to "luff," whichbrounht the vessel a little nearer to the wind, and his object in doing so was to get more sea roonL He expressed his opinion that if the Mlangerton had kep tn her course she would have cleared the Josephine Willis; but according to his evidence the course of the Mangerton was suddenly altered by her helm being Iprted," and she consequently ran into the Josephine WAll , and thus caused the accident. This witness was subjected to a very searching crossexamnination by MIr. BALrA?i'E -1; and in the course of it he said, in answer to questions pUt to him, that at the time of the accident the Josephine Willis was maling aboat seven knots an hour, but she had been previously doing more. He admitted that upon seeing the light, which he at frst took to befDungenessLmight, he ordered the helm to be starboarded, and so changed the course of the vessel. He said he was aware that D angeness Idght must have been U miles off, but still he thought it was the light he saw, although it was a hazy night. He was pressed a good deal upon the point whether, if he had known it to be the light -of a vesse, he should have starboarded the helmu of the Josephine Willis . but the witness would not givea direct answer to the questions that were put to him upon this matter, and he inerely said it would depend upon the course the approaching vessel was coming. lie also said that, if he had been aware that it was a steamer that wvas approaching, it might have been the proper course to port the helm, which would, of course, have placed the Josephine Willis in a totally different position. George Sutton, a lad about 12 years of age, stated that the deceased was his mother. She was a passenger on board the Josephine Willis, with his father, two sister.s, and a brother. They were going to emigrate to New Zealand. The whole of the family WaS drowned except himself. He saw his znother's dead body on the day after the accident and identidied it. A great many nautical witnesses were tnen exarined with a view to show that the officer in command of the Josephine Willis had done alL that lay in his power, under the eircaumstances, to prevent the accident. Mr. BALLAruTm'x addressed the jury at considerable length on the part of the prisoner, and contended that tb e melancholy occurrence was entirely to be attributed to the mistake that had been made in the first instanoe by Mr. Clayton with regard to the light, and his supposing it to be Dungeness Iaght instead of that of a steam-vesseL The case lasted the whole of the day, and there was a number of witnesses to be examined for the defence. The trial was consequently expected to last until a very late hour.
MIDDLESREX SESSIONS, Tu'eesday, March I1 (Before Al'. PASHLEY, Q.C., Assistant-Jzdge.) James-Simpson, 22, costermonger, was indicted for having stolen a portmanteau containing wearing apparel, value 101., the property of Patrick lYlennell. The prosecutor, a commercial traveller, living at No. 20, Shrubland-road, Dalston, hired a cab in the city on the 21st -clt. to convey himself and a friend home, and gave the cabman a portmanteau he had with him to place on the roof of tho vehicle. As the cab was being driven along the MIiddleton-road towards Dalston the prisoner was seen by a gentlemanclimbing upon theback springs; he tookthe portmanteau from the top, and was making off vith it, when he was followed, and, after a short, but sharp chase, captured. When he found he was pursued he put the portmanteau down in a gateway, and, when overtaken, he asked to be allowed to go, as it was his first offence. The ury fod him GuiZty. The GTE2T-JejDGf sentenced him to 15 months' hard labonr. Stephen Bates and John Crockett, journeymen painters, were indicted for stealing a silver watch, value 3 guineas, the property of Edward Mead; and further, for stealing a watch, value 81., the property of Joseph Blunt. To persons having apartments to let this case may have the euect of a caution as to whom they admit to see themThe prisoners, two notorious thieves, were in the habit of calling at houseswhere apartments were to be let, and asking to be shov;n the vacant rooms. Being tolerably we drewsed, they were taken to be respectable persons, and the apartments were shown to them, and while one engaged the person conducting them in a conversation as to the terms, the healthiness of the situation, &c., the other would be looking about for any article he could lay hands upon; or in leaving one of them would linger behind on the staircase and sneak into any room the door of which might be open, transferring to a capacious coat pocket anything that might happen to ie on the table or mantelpiece. The two offences now charged against them were clearly proved. They were commnitted in the manner above indicated. The jury found them both Guilty, andanumber of former convictions were proved against them. The Ass1STAS_T-JUDGE said he shouldnotbe discharging his duty if he did not relieve society of two such dangerous characters as the prisoners were for some considerable time, and therefore he should sentence thema each to be kept in penal servitude for six years. Joseph Iarris, 25, was indicted for feloniously breaking andentering the dwelling-house of Lesser Jameson, and stealing a goldchain and other articles, of the ve'ne of ol. and upwards, his property. Mr. Horry prosecuted; Mr. Laurence was for the prisoner. It appeared that on the evening of the 16th of last month the prisoner and another man, by means of skeleton keys, got into an empty house adjoining that of the prosecutor, iNo. 55, Mansell-street, Whitechapel, and, having got on the roof, they broke open the garret window of the prosecutor's house, descended to the rooms below, and stole the articles mentioned in the indictment. They were disturbed by the prosecutor's daughter, and got back into the empty house as quicldy as possible; a person saw the prisoner leave the latter v ith a pair of boots under his arm, adud one on hisfeet, and, suspecting something wrong. he followed, and ultimately gave him in charge. The other man got away. The stolen articles were found on the prisoner. The jury found him Guilty. In answrer to the AssssTANa-JuD ga, The officers stated that no former conviction against the risoner could be proved, but some years ago he was in the. hIouse of Correction for a short time, but forwhat couldnot be traced. The ASzI-ST.'T-JITDGE said, although nothing of a positive nature-was known of the prisorier's character, it was quite apparent, from the nature of the offence of which he had been convicted, that he was one of' a dangerous class, living entirely by crime; and that he was not a beginner, but had trrived at considerable efficiency. It was the duty of the Court to prevent such characters being let loose on society again after a short term of imprisonment, for there could beno doubt, if the Court passed such a sentence, he would, when released, resume his former.course of life, and therefore the sentence was that he be kept i penal servitude for six years. -
POLICE. '' IMANSIOwN-IOUSE.-Hannah Hurley was charged with havingattemptedto pass a counterfeit half-crown at a bacon and cheese shop. The prisoner was kuQwn to the police as an utterer of base coin, and gave a false.address to the officer who apprehended her. Mr. Jarman, from the offices of Mr. Powell, the solicitor to the Mint, attended, and said the case was not one of those which the solicitor was authorized to prosecute. The LORD MYOR said that in the observations which he had made some days ago on a case which the Mlint had not come forKward to prosecute he by no indh:ns meant toziefect upon the conduct of the solicitor to the Mint, but merely to show the imperfectioln of the existing law, in the hope that measures would be soon adopted to remedy the defect. He regretted to be obliged to repeat that every day's experience added to his knowledge of the existing deficiencies he had pointed out, and he was at that moment, with adeqnate evidence of the guilt of the prisoner, obliged to set her at liberty, to prey uponiudustrious tradespeople. The prisoner, who seemed: to perfectly nnderstand' the state of the law, then departed. John Marrywas charted by an' officer of the 3lendicity Society. 'The prisoner,- it' appeared, ,went aant a ionth ago to the warehouse of Mlessr6. Dent* -and Alleroft, m Wood-street, Cheapside. and: obtaied half a soviereigin from one pf the, gentlemen of the establishment, ipon representing that his arni was am_utated. at 'the. shoulder in consequence of. a dread6il injury which he had received at -Messrs. Pickfoid's.' Uponm U inim 't Messrs. Piclford7s it was ascertained that there- iis not, a -particle of truth in' the statement, aid that the persohw*io madeit was not at all'knowntothefirmn. Having been' re9uestedto call again at Wood-street, the prisoner accord- Iiaglysnade his appearance, and the Mendicitv officer sean made it plain-to athat the amputation could' not have I been perfeetly performed,for he exhibited both the arm of the patieiat, and one was just as whole as the other. It was then considered necessary to convey the- prisoner to tae station-house, in going to which pliac of security he gave the oiier a punch on the head, and- ran away as fast as a *stout pair of legs could carry him. The prisoner (to the. Mendiity officer).-You don't say ;thatlIstrack you 7 The wiuaiess.-Ido. You-asked me for some coffee and ale, and you strack me violently on the leg, as wvell as hit me on the.head. A. clerk in the employment of Messrs. FicIford and- Co. said, the prisoner had never been emiloayed by the fnrm. 'it wtproved by aeclerk in another respectable finnin Sthe citytht ithe prisoner had ap,plied there -12 months ago ;for asiance, in conseq-ece a grea3 injury sustained by ;2n accident. ~ ' - The prisoner said he was: afEicted with a bad chest, and was unable to work. He was sentenced to hard labour, as a rogae and vagabond, for three months, at Holloway Gaol. ' 9.m;DlAll-Sir Francis Graham Moon attendedyesterday before Alderman SiD.i,y th 'd' magistrate, to state that a complait had been 'rnde to liha by a London banker with reference -to the state of Cheapside,* the thoroughfare of which was very much obstructed by empty cabs loitering up and down plzing for hire Mr. Marti tie chief clerk said, orne of the inspectors of 4olice las present, and would tke the worth dernian's instractions upon the matter Inspector Teague said, he wrould tahe care and report the complaint in the proper quarter, and imtuediate steops would be taken to remove ihe obstruction by summoning every eabman who might he found loisering in Cheapside. Sir Francis G. Moon said, hae had noticed that a great number of empty cabs patrolled Cheapside at all hiours of the day, and he thought the course suggested by the inspector would effectually clear the thoroughfare. 3BOw-STREET.-Mr. HKNysY received the first half of a 201.-note, for the poor-box, from " XA C. The donor requested the favour of an acknowledgment in 271e Timas. WEsTaNysrT-James Amos, who stands charged iith a murderous assault upon a police-constable, with intent to prevent his lawful apprehension upon a charge of felony,was brought up for re-examination. The evidence given on the former examination merely proved that Inspceotor Drike, of the V division, while on auty at the Chelsea station, heard cries of " Murder !" and ' Police ." and on going out raw the prisouer, who wa-s breathless with running, endeavouring to conceal himself under an archway. He was arrested, and shortly afterwards a police-constable, bleeding from all parts of the head, reached-the spot, and charged tle prisoner with inflicting the severe injuries he then bore with his own truncheon. Luke Burke, a sergeant of the V division, confirmed this i account by producing the constable's trancheon, which he found covered with human hair and blood in a garden in the neighbourhood, and the prisoner was then remanded in consequence of the injured constable being unable to Charles Welsh, the officer in question, now appeared, exhlbiting a number of wounds upon his head. Te said that on the 26th of February, in consequence of the number of robberies of lead and fittings recently committed, he Wm on duty in plain clothes in Riley-street, Chelsea, and atabouthalf-past 3 o'clock in the morning, while everv-thiun around was very still and quiet, he heard a cough. He went to the top of the street, scaled a wall 4 feet high, and walked quietly through a -.umber of gardens, until, from one of the walls, he saw the prisoner in the yard of No. S0, Riley-street, standing close to the waterbutt. Witness took out his truncheon,- and, jumping over the wall into the yard, seized the prisoner by the collar, and asked hin what he was doing there. The accused replied, "I amn right enough," when witness observed, he-would see about that, and, thruesting his hand into prisoner's breast pocklet, drew out a brass tap, asid told him that he had heen thereto get that, and must go with him to the station. Witness then remo-ed him from the yard, and haato climb over a waU with him, pon the top of which therewere some railings. He had succeeded in placing him on the -all, and was making a spring to get up himself, when he was suddenly checked by a dlothes-linc, which le had not observed, and the prisoner, availing himself of the circumstance, seized him at the moment, and theybothfell on a dustheap. Prisoner, who was uappermost, ested witness's truncheon froni his hand, and, having gven him tenor adozenblows ontheheadwilh it, ran away. Witness was insensible for a few seconds, and on recovering saw the accused getting over a wall into Riley-street, and he then pursued him as well as his condition would allow. Mr. Francis Godrich, surgeon, West Brompton, said that on the morning of the 26th he found the constable bleeding from the head, and suffering from seven scalp 'wounds, tu-o of which were very long and deep. Both eyes were very much contused, especially the left; and there were sever,al bruises on his head. He had been confined to his bed ever since. M1r. Barrett, corn dealer, identified the tap found upon the qrisoner, which had been stolen froma the waterbutt of 30, wiclley-street Mr. AsixOLD directed the depositions to be made out for the prisoner's committal for tiial upon the twofold charge of felony andassault. WonsauP-sTrEs.T-William Angus, a tlick-set determined-looldng man of A2, was charged with assault and attempted robbery. Mr. Thomas Gougee, a house andestate agent at Old Ford, Bow, stated that he was returning home about half-past 12 on the night of Monday week, when on reaching a retired part of the road, called North-terre, on the borders of Victoria-park, he, without having previously heard a footstep, -or knowing that any one was near him, found hinself suddenly grasped firmly by the back of his collar, and the next instant had his legs knocked from uncler hiin with sach dexterity that he fell to the ground heavily upon his back. He then distinctly saw that lil assailant was the prisoner, who stooped over him, and, thrusting is hand into his neckerchief beneath the chin, t;isted it vith such violence that he becarie almost strangled. The prisoner said not a vord, but -was busily engageain -unbutteningIs overcoat to get at his pockets, when the witness contrived to e;claiam," Oh, for God's sake, don't take my life; do spare me for the sake of my wife and children, and you may take all I possess," and a constable'- fortunatly heard his voice, pounced upon the prisoner, and secured him. He had had a busiess engagement to meet an engineer at a publichouse in that neighbourhood in the course of the evening, and had partaken'of a small quantity of ale, but was perfectly sober and competent to transact business when he left it, and suspected that theprisoner must have been in the house at the time, and followed him until a convenient spot presented itself for carrying out his purpose. It was known that he was in the habit of carrsg7large sams of money about him, but as many robberies of-this description, accompanied with violence, had recently taken place in that neigAbourhood, he on this occasion had little more valuable pr6perty about him than his watch, chain, and appendages. A constable of the E division stated, that while on duty near North-terrace at the time in question he suddenly heard something fal heavily to the ground, follo-wed by an exclamation of " Oh, for God's sake, spare me," and on his a-nning on a few paces he discovered the prosecutor stretched upon his back on the pavement, and the prisoner leanig over him, with his hand pressed on his throat and neckerchief. He immediately sprang upon him and demanded what he -was doing to the man, on which the prisoner said, "Oh, iPs all right; he's my friend, and I'm taking him home; am I not, Forresterl' as though that were the prosecutors name. The prosecutor, however, denied all knowledge of the prisoner, and upon recovering his feet related to him the true particulars, and gave the prisoner in charge for assault and attempted highway 'robbery. The prosecutor was in a state of the greatest excitement and alarm, and, if at ll intoxicated, was very little so. In defence the prisoner wshed to make it appear that the prosecutor and he had been drinLing together, that he accompanied hini part of thewaey on the road to his residence, and that, both being intoxicated, they stumbled and fell together. -This, however, was denied by the prosecutor, and it being proved. that the prisoner was a ticl;et-of-leave man, who had been twice convicted, and the last tune sentened to seven years' transportation, the depositions were taken, and he was fully committed to Nevgate for trial. - THwrs.-Jamaes Gordon, having the appearance of a countryman, was brought before lMr. LNGdw, charged with card sharping on board the Sybil, a Woolwich steamboat. M, Francois Ottignon, a gentleman residing in the Glocester-road, Woolwich, said he was a voyager almost daily in the Wooluich steamers, and they had been of late much infested with card sharpers, who had cheated many simple persons of -their money. - One of them generally began with effering some article for sale, and then a dispute was got -up and three cards introduced. The gang of card sharpers played among themselves first, and some of them pretended to-win of the fellow who dealt the cards, and invited others to stake their money or watches. The nuisance had lately increased, and thecard sharpers intruded not only among the people on de'k, 'but among the people in the cabins: Reemonstrance was useless with the sharpers, and if persons interfered 'with their roaloractices abuse and threats were made use of by the swindlers. He was travelling from Woolwich to Blackwall in the Sybil steamer, and the prisoner and two others began playing with and betting on cards, to the annoyance of the passengers, who were invited to play and stake their money. He ralled the attention of the cap3tain to the matter, and he said he was not aware the gang were on hoard. On reaching BlacL wall he gave the prisoner (who was the man who introduced the three cardsI inthe cabin) into custody. Hre camel forward on pubEe grounuds,to expose a-great-nrdsance, which prevailed both on ladand andvater.- Mr. ImGm&arasked the prosecutor if the parties wth the cards and their cnfederates gambled for more than lOk,and the reply was in the negative. - - Mz. -TGimmi then looked over several law books and acts of Parliamient, arnd said he could not find the p risoner had done anything illegal. There were prohibitions against gambing in pubEchouses or public places, EHe could not say the Sybil steamer was either. Lf people travelling on railways and steamers were fools enough to lay bets wvith card sharpers,, he could not h:elp then.' The prisoner miust be diacharged. - ' - SorTnWAnIx.-Jolm Edwards, a tall young fellow, wearing a Crimean medal, was brought before MIr. CONmE, charged with picking the pockets of seveial ladies at the 2TorthKent Railway Terminus, London-bridg-e Mr. COMaE asked the prisoRer how he corid account for the Crimean medalin his possession, ashe aid notlook asif behadbeen-in' the RussianMwar? AT e prisoner repledthat itbelorn"e tohisbrother, who -was woundid-at inkermuanu, in the%aval Brigade, and whio liad 'just retrned froni the Crimea.' -The constable who tookthe prisoner into custody in. 'Ifrnned his worship- that he at first told hin he had been wounded himself wliile serving inte Crimea, and thatthe medal-belonged to himn; bu afterwards he- aid it was his brotlWs' and that he lodged with him at No. 11, Bond. street;; Borough-road, W itness ad been to that address to -~nk~iquhet~ an-bi sttemnt asfalse, He (the eon-. stable) believed that the medal hd been stolen from a real "Crimean hero." Mr. Co:mn asked whether the prisoner was Imovn at the railway station? Mr. Smith. a tradesman, stated that he saw hiin on the platform on Fxiday last, when some women complained of being robbed. He had his medal on then, and traveUled by the railway as tar as New-cross. Graves, one of the co.mpany's constables, also-proved thb' the prisoner bad frequented the railway terminus before, and he hadwaamed him o. Mr. COsran asked the prisoner -wlether he wonld prefer being tnid before him a goingDto the sessions for trial? The prisoner replied that he did pot 2want to go to the sessions, as he'zas guty'of putting his lumd into the lady's pocket, but there was mothing in it. - - - Mr. Co' UBtold him tlat there could be np dpoibt th&tT he had obtained the-medal by somnedishonest means, which** enabled hima to carry cn his depredations without suspicion. Helhad, however, been seen in the present instance to put -his hands into different 'women's pockets. butwhether he- stole angthidUg there s no roo. Under al the circumstances he should sentence hini to three mont - hard labour in tihe House of Correction at Wandszorth, and order the medal to be taken to the War-omfice. - , It ws understood afterwards that the prisoner answered7 the description of a man -whoo bad- visited other ralway stations in the metropolis where robberies had heen committed, Mis weearing the Inedal, and being of Matheramdilitary appearance, lulled all suspicidn, and e invariably purhased a ticket and avelled a short distance. LATxTs -Lucy Constable, the youing -woman who -hm been in custodyfor a week on a charge of maiming herself by wounding her throat and left hand,-was again placed at the bar before Mr. ELLIOTT for further exaamination. Since this robbery information of a suspicious character as respects the prisoner has reached Mr. Lund, the supefintendent of the P' or Walworth division^I of police. It seems that nearly 12 months since the prisoner had been servant at the Swvan Tavern, Tunbridge Wells, and one evening twco well-dressed young men came there, and one of themz engaged - a bed for the night. The prisoner w-: the person who attended on them, and it was observed that, for so short an acquaintance, thev seemed very familiar. On the following morning it ias discovered that a cashbox, containing about 801, had been abstracted fronx the bar, and suspicion attaching to the young men beforementioned tney were apprehended, talcen before the magistrates at Tunbridge-weli1, and remanded. It was sUbsequently found that they were personis not of the highest character, from the neighbourhood of the Elephant and Castle, NKewington. Lucy Constable, the prisoner, was one of the witnesses produced on the examination.of these young men, and the mode in which she gave her evidence was so eztraordinary as to surprise all who beard her, and dr-ew forth the marked diapprobation of the bench of magistrates. The accused persons, though the circumstances, as has been before stated, were of a highly suspicions character, were oblged to be discharged Sergeant Coppin now applied to have the prisoner again remanded for another week, and 3Mr. ELsoar complied vwith his request. The prisoner, with some energy, said she thought it rather ard to be again remanded, anu asked the magsrae if he would not tale bail, adding that she should be sure to remiain in town, and would appear at any time his worship mentioned. Mr. ELsaorr said he did not consider it a case in wvhich he should take bagl, at least for the present; and the prisoner was temoved from the bar to the lock-up.
.fNGLAIUD AND THE UNITED STATES. (FR oi-Ri OW-T cORsVrOsIDEXN.' NEW YORE, FEB. 24. The Knaw-nothing convention at Philadelphia having teaminated with the nomination of }r. Fillmore as candidate for the Presidency, after the split upon the slavery question which has been long foreen as inevitable, the next excitement will be about th3 recruiting question. Congress having called for the correspondence, I am able to give you a resunz. in advance of its publication here. The correspondence includes the legal and the diplomatic letters, -which can be made more intelligible by separatinc them. The firstletter in the legal correspondence is from the district attorney at New York to the Secretar of State, dated March 22, 1855, enclosing a handbill callirg for recruits, signed "Angus laodonald." He had been asked whether this was contrary to law, and had advised that it was. Mr. Cushing, the Attorney-General, replies on the 23d of March, saying, "It is perfectly clear that any such enlisbnent is contrary to law." "If the troops recruiting in the United States are intended to serve against Pcusia, the undertaking is in violation of our neutrality; and if not, it is in violation of the sovereign authority of t+he United States." To show how the matter was regarded by British subjects, he gives an extract from the Halifax Joutirial of Apni 2, 1855, mentioning the arrival of the first instalment of the Foreign Legion, containing about 703 men, and stating that 5,000 were already engaged, and 5,000 more were to be engaged, to be stationed-5,000 in Canada, 2,000 in New Brunswick, and 3,000 in Nova Scotia. Evening meetings were said to be regularly held m Philadelphia, and "Brother Jonathan"' 'was said to be a "smart fellow," but not enough for "Bluenose." On the 16th of October, 1855, the New York Attorney again writes to the Attorney-General, advising the discontinuance of the pending prosecutions, because the prevention of the violations of the municipal laws had been accomplished, and because it had come out that British officials had been connected with -the former violations, and that the persons prosecuted were only the instruments of a foreign Power. On the 20th of October the AttorneyGeneral authorizes a discontinuance against persons not in official relations with Great Britain. " But all such persons (i. e., officials) are not only malefactors in common with all others who violate the law of the land, but they are also violators of the international law, and subject to special consideration by the United States, unless disavowed and punished by their own Government." The New York letters end with a letter containing a list of the names of the persons prosecuted. There were 34 in all. The firstPhiladelphia letter isfrom theAttorney-General, dated March 26,1855, directing the district attorney to prosecute; to which that officer at once replies that there are four persons engaged in the business of recruiting underthe pretext of engaing persons to work onx railways. These are foUlowed by Mr. Iushing's letters of the 12th and 17th of September, which have been already published and commented on in The Times. The last letter from the Philadelphia district attorney announces that 20 indictments were pending there. It wvas in these eases that the proof of Tr. Crampton7s participation was most fully developed. 3Many of the originals of his letters are in the possession of the Government. Besides these, there is also much correspondence relating to the prosecutions in Boston and Cincinnati. The Consul at Boston does not appear to have been implicated. The recall of Messrs. Barclay, Matthew, and Rowcroft, consuls at New York, Philadelphia, and Cincinnati, has been asked for, and will probably be insisted on. The diplomatic correspondence begins as early as April, 1854, about a year before the enlistments, upon Mr. Czampton's communicating the purpose of the British Government to wave the right to seize enemies' goods on neutralvesselsunless contraband ofwar. Mr. Crampton expresses the hope that the United States' Government 'will direct that "no privateer under Russian colours shall be equipped or victualled, or admitted with its prizes in theports of the IJnited States, and also that citizenss of the UJnited States shell vigorously abstain from taking part in armaments of this nature, or in any other opposed to the duties of strict neutrality." Mr. 3Marcy replies onthe 28th of the same April, that the United Stat-es "will observe the strictest neutrality. The laws of this country," he says, " impose severe restrictions not only upon its own citizens, but upon all persons who may be residents within any of the territories of the United States, againsb.equipping privateers, receiving commissions, or enlisting men therein for the purpose of taking a part in any foreign war. It is not apprehended that there will be any attempt to- violate the Laws: but Should the just expectation of the President be disappointed, he will not fail in his duty to use al the powers with which he is invested to enforce obedience to them." The Foreign Enlistment Bill became a law in December of last year, and the recruiting offices Ivhich I have already .nlluded -to, were opene. In May, 1855, Mr. Marcy desired.Ir. Buchanan to call the attention of HerMajesty's Government to the subject. Lord Clarendon replied with a disavowal of any intention to give offence to the Government of the United States. So far from that, stringent instructions had been given so to proceed as not to violate the act of Congress eferred to in Mr. Marcy's letter. Up to this time {he connection of MIr. Cra;mpton with the recruiting was unlknowvn; and MIr. 13uchanan replied that he "wold) have much satisfaction in transmitting a copy" of Lord Clarendon's letter to Washington. 1r. Crampton about the same time also made a verbal exolanation to Mr. M1arcy, with which, as I understand, the Secretary expressed himself satisfied; so far as 0Ir. Crampton was concerned. Buir I am told that both these expressions were made before it was known that Ar. Citampton was mixed up with the business. At any rate, this fact will probably help to explain the differences which have since arisen, and the temaer wvhich has characterized some of the Ietters. - Early in Auggust it came to the knowledge of the United States' officials that the British Minister and the British Consuls had directed the steps of the racruiting agents, and the opinion of the Attorney-General was asked by the President and given, in the course of 'which the following positions wFere takeu: "1. It is a settled principle of the law of nations thatno belligerent can r-tfully make use of the territory of a neutral State for beligerent purposes without the consent of the neutral Government. " 2. The undertakin of a belligerent to enlist troops of landor sea in a neutraL State, without the previons consent of t2ie latter, is a hostile attack on its national sovereignty. " 3. A neutrai State may, if it please, permit or grant to belligerents the liberty to raise troops of land or sea within its territozy; but for the neutral State to allow or concede the libertyF to one beligerent, and not to all, would be an act of. manifest belligerent partiality, and a palpable breach of lieutralitv. " 4. The United States constantly refuse this liberty to all beigerents alike with impartial justice, and that prohibition is made mnown to the world by a permanent act of Con"ress. "W IGsGreat Britain, in attempting, by the agency of her nuiltaryanid civil authorities inthe British North American provmces, and he.r diplomnatic and consular functionaries in the Unitecd States, to raise troops here, committed an act of usurpation againat the sovereign rights of the United States. "6. All persons engaged in such undertakings to raise troops in the United States for the mnilitary service of Great Britain, whether citizens or foreigners, individuals or officers, exceqt they 7e protected by diplomatic privileges, are indictable as malefactors by statute. "' 7. Foreign co nsuls are not exempted either by treaty or -the law of nations from the penal effects of the statute. "S. In case of indictment of any such consul or other oicial person, his convictiOn of the uisdemeanonr, or his escape by reason otarranged instructions or contrivances to evade the operation of tfie statute, is primarily a matter of domestic administation, sltozether subordinate to the consideration of the rational insult or injury to this Government, involved in the fact of a foreign Government in- strcting its officers to abuse for unlawfl purposes the privilegeswhich theylhappen to enjoy in the UnitedStates." Mr. Marcy, by an official letter, also informs Mr. Crampton of the charges against him, and kr. Buchanan is instructed to demand reparation. These letters arrived in England in October. Meanwhile the trials were going on in Ameriea, in wlhich it appeared that the recruiting business was going on*as lafe as August, notwithstandina the assurances that it should be stopped in June. lord CLarendon repliels to MIr. Mfarcy's demanlds, the Secretary w-itess again in NTovember, Lord Clarendon .zsgain reples, andt the Secretary answers under date of January 5th; with which the correspondence ceases. Lord Clarendon complains in these letters of thewantof sympathywhichtheUnited Stateshad shown in a-war in defence of civilization, indicated particularly- by tJhe wale of powder to Russa. Mr. Marcy rep.es, that the Americanx cannot compro-. -mie their rutrility by thw ex'hibition of sympathy for either belligerent, and that they had sold as many tons of powder to England as they hadpoands to Russia during the war, and that England em- ployed 20,000 tons of American shipping in the ope- I rations in the Mediterranean. Lord Clarendon finally argues that the recruiting was no violation of the act of Congress, and therefore might be undertalhen by the British Government. Mr. Mfarcy replies to this inthe despateli of the 5th of January, and demaands the recall of the persons implicated. Sunch is the case put forth by the American Government.
THE LOSS OF HER MAJESTYS STEAM SLOOP POLYPHEMUS. As stated in The Tirise of yesterday, a court-martial, consistin- of Rear-Admiral the IHon. Sir Richard Saunders Dundas,,ThC.B., &c., resident, Captains HL J. CodrinRton, C.B., Sir Thomas Maitiand, G.B., -G. lMundy, the Hon H. Keppel, C.B., G. Eliott, J. Hope, C.B., the Hon. F. T. Pelham, C.B, C. Robinson, J. Robb. H. Lyster, the Hon. J. R. Drummaond, C.B., and- Mr. W. J. Hellyer, DeputyJudge-Advocate of the Fleet, assembled on Monday morning, at 9 o'clock, on board Her Majesty's ship Victory in Portsmouth harbour, to try Commander Frederick PelIam Warren, who was in command of Her Majesty's late steam sloop Polyphemus, and the surviving officers and crew, for tlne loss of the said steam sloop. enlsrsdadth It apeare from a despatch and enclosures, dated the 30th of anuary last, and addressed by Commander Warren to the Secretary of the Admiralty (which documants were read in COUrt), that the Polyphemus was lost on the shore seven miles south of Hanshoim Light, on the west coast of Jutland. Mr. James Hoskins, of Gosport, solicitor, assisted the prsoner. The usual proceedings relative to the other officers and ship's company having been gone through, the Court nCqmtted all but the commander of all blame in the loss of the vessel. ILeutenant Frederick Pyne, senior-lientenant of the late Polyphemus, was the first witness called, and made the following statement :-" I went on deck about one bell after 8 on Tuesday, the 29th of January. I walked up and down the deck several times and looked at the standard compass; it indicated B. by N. I looked at the weather also; it was a dul day, hut I could see a long distancenothing was in sight; the mastheadsman I observed was on the topsailyard; he went to divisions at three bells. Mr. Tracey, midshipman, was officer of the watch; I relieved him after the drum had beat for divisions; he gave me the orders, course E. and by N. 7 knots. We were about half an hour at divisions; it was then coming on a thick fog from the port bowr; while I was inspecting my division the captain and the(master were bothlooking out; after divisions Mr. Tracey relieved me, and I told him the orders were the same, and that no alteration had been made in the course. Between 10 and 11 (I an not certain whether it had gone 5 bells) in the forenoon I proposed to the captain to scrub some hammocks, as we might not have a chance again ; the captain's reply to me -was ' NTo; I'm afraid you'l have to put offyour hammocks, we are surrounded by fog,' which appearedto be coming down from the port bow and thehead. We then commenced drilling the watch at great gun exercise. Iwas waiUng forward sending the men aft to their guns, and abreast ofthe engine-room, starboard side, when I felt the slhip strike. I immediately gave the orders 'Stop heri go astern full speed,' which order was instantly carred into execution. I cried out to the quartermaster ' Put the helm amidships.' The captainwas on the quarterdeck with the master, the latter officer having just come up from below. I said 'WMTe are on sihore, Sir.' The ship was then striking repeatedly. - The captain ran up on the bridge. The master got a lead and commenced soundling overthe stern. I stoodup on thegunandlookedall round.It could see no land or rocks. Itwasthen a thick fog,-so thick that had danger been near it would not have been seen. The captain gave the order, 'Hands out paddlebox boats.' There was a leadsman in the chains at divisions (the captain's cockswain) and after divisions. Directly the captain gave the order, 'Hands out paddlebox boats,' Iimmediately took my station on the quarterdeck, and proceeded to carry that order into execution. The boats were turned over, and in lowering the starboard paddlebox boat the sea struck her, and she was instantly swamped and rendered useless, drifting astern. The port boat was lowered; the master (M1r. Herbert), having charge of her, had commenced taking in the stream anchor and cable. The quarter and stern boats were lowered to the port padolebox boat. The engines had then stopped, having broken down. I then observed that the slip was very near some heavy rollers. The land was in sight, covered with snow. Aftertheanchorandcable hadbeenput into theboat(the port paddlebox boat) it was laid out by Mr. Herbert the master, and let go in three fathoms of water on the starboard quarter. Mr. Herbert was returning to the ship to take in the sm all bower anchor, when the boat got broadside on, and was immediately swamped. The cutter and gig were ordered to pull in to the surf and save the crew. Two were picked up. The sea breaking over the cutter and gig twice rendered it dangerous for the boats to be in the surf. They were then ordered to keep outside the surf. All the rest of the crew of the port paddlebox boat, with the exception of two, were washed ashore, drowned-eight men and the mmater. The dingy was launched overboard from the nort -angway,andeverythingthatwould floatwasthrown over'boara for their assistance. The ship was then filling with water, the engines had broken down, all the pipes of the machinery carried away, the boilers were working very much, and the engine-room was full of hot water. The pumps were rigged, but could not be worked, as the ship was breaking up below. I then secured the keys of the spirit-room and magazine, firing signal guns of distress to a vessel in the distance, to crJl their attention to the gig and cutter, which had been ordered by the captain to Pull to. The sea was breaking over the shi and coming in through the stern in gcatguantities, and hc boats could not come near the ship. 'rhe captain then called me, and asked if I thought I could suggest anything that could bec done to save the ship. I then said everything bad been done to save the ship, and I was quite certain she would be a wreck beflora night. The caP. tain then said, ' I must now save the crew before we have got a good opportunity to cut away the nastj while she has rolling motion.' Captain Warren thnni the order for me to watch until she was steady, and then ordered the pinnace to be hoisted out; a hawser was made fast to her, and, when a favourable opportunity presented itself, she was lowered into the surf; there were several Danish coastguardmen on the beach. The captain then gave the order for everybody to "a before the mainmastall the head braces were let go, anm thelanyards of the main lower rigging cut; the mast fell over the starboard side. Everybody was then ordered before the foremast, which was cut away in like manner, and it fell over the starboard side. The ship was now striking very heavily, and a great quantity of water wasrushing overher. Captain Warren then gave the order that everybody had free permission to land on the hawser, and the sooner they did it before night the better. I ordered a match to bo Et, and, after seeing all lights and fires out in the ship and sentries relieved, I reported the same to the captain, and he ordered me to go ashore to take charge of the men as they landed, the captain remaining on board until after the last man was out of the ship. Two studdingsails were landed, a fire made on shore, and I then went with a party to see if there was anybody under the paddlebox boat; finding there was nobody, I then asked the doctor if the bodies lying on the beach could be brought to life. He said it was impossible ; they were dead. It was now coming on dark; I looked out to seaward to see if the cutter and gig had reached the --vessel, and saw they had not. Captain Warren then piped hands to muster on the beach, and read the articles of war. We were all preparing the tents for the night when an officer came and said if we remained under the tents we should all be very ill the next day, and asked the captain to allow the men to go to some fishermen's huts about two miles off. The men were then ordered to fall in, and iarched up to the huts, where they were billeted for the night, with orders to muster at daylight. The next day, at daylight, aU the ship's company (Captain Warren superintending), with the assistance of the Danish officer and coastguardmen, got on board the ship, and commenced saving what they could of the stores and provisions; the ship then appeared to be full of water, and sunk very deep. Iasked the captain to allow me to come on board, and when I got on board she was then heeling over t& port, the planks broken up and worlkingvery much. Everything was done that day until dark to save stores, and the men were again ordered to their huts? Witness then, with a portion of the crew, proceeded to Hamburg to report himself and the loss of the ship to Colonel Hodges (All., Her Mfajesty's Consul-General, where he arrived on the following Wednesday. This witness was minutely examined by the Court, and other witnesses were called on the part of the prosecution; but it is not necessary to repeat the evidence, as the above are the chief facts conncoted with the loss of the ship. The Court adjourned till yesterday morning to allow the prisoner topre.pare his defence. Atthe opening of the Court yesterday the prisonecr read a long defence, with a viewtoshow that be had used prudence and caution in steering the ship according to the master's reckoning by the chart, and that the occurrence was attributable to the prevalence of fog. The prisoner called witnesses in support of his statement, after which The COURT ddelberated for two hours and fouid as fol. lows :-" The Court agree that the losi of the said steam sloop is to be ascribed mainly to the irreguilarity of the currents on that part of the coast of Jutland on which Her MajesWs steam sloop Polyphemus was wrecked; but, while the Court consider that there is evidence of much attention having been paid by the commander, and no want of general vigilancewas imputableto him, it isneverthelesstheopinion of the Court that blame is attachable to thl: said Commander Frederick Pelham Warren, in not having slackened the speed of the vessel to obtain accurate soundings, escially when "unn in thick weather in the neighbourhood of land, where tie currents are kinowvn to be irregular; the urt considers that every exertion was used after the wreck, and, upon consideration of all the circumstances of the case, do adjudge the said Commander Frederick Pelham Warren to be reprimanded for his neglect on the occa- Commnander Warren isa son of the late Admiral Warren, of Cosham, near :Portsmouth, and brother of Captain R. L. Warren, of Her Majest' s ship Cressy, 80, at Spithead.
THE ELLIOTS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TI1ES. Sir,-Your correspondent " T. N.," whose letter on the musaanagement whitch enabled the Russian squadron in the China Seas to elude the British appears in The 21m,s of this day, is in error in supposing it is the Commodore and Second in Command of the China Squadron who has been hontoured with the post of Naval .ide-de-Camp to H1er Ma'esty; it is another, of the same fortunate nameGeorge A ,iot Captain of HIer Xajest's steamship James Watt, 91. Iremain. voim. &-C.. v.IY . . 1arc1 II.
IRELAKD. (rROM OUR ow. coRRoNDZx.) DUBI, TuESDAY MOmamG. I TME 33OROUG) OF SIGO. The following notable assages are extracted from the hustings address of the defeated candidate, M\r. Patrick Somers *- " By party-the party to which I have given an uniform support for the last 19 years-are now in office. My friends, I am proud-perhaps it is vanity in me to say so, but I am proud to aclnowledge that I am honoured with the frhindship of the greatest of living statesmen-the greatest man in Europe-Lord Palmerston. He is mybosom friend. I acknowledge that I am here as his candidate, I may say his nominee. I admit it; I will not disguise the fact; I will adnit it. I had a claim upon his Government for my honourablo support for 16 long years. I say I can be of more use to this town than the man who is too consistent a Conservative to ask a-favour from that Government. I can be of more service individually and collectively to the people of Sligo than Mr. Wynne can possibly be in his present position. Mr. Wynne could notask alavourofthepresent Government. I know his high honour. I know he would not sacrifice principle to ask a favour. I am in a different poEition. I am placed in the position, not to ask, but to command favours from tho Government." What follows is still more remarkable. Mr. Somers is alluding to the two petitions presented against the return of the late John Sadleir, and here is the way one of them was attempted to be settled:- " Mr. lenry Lyons, Mr. John Lyons, and Dr. Wood were base enoughtoaccuse me of selling that petition. They accused tne humble individual who repudiated the offer of 10,0001.,-a sum, I teU yoa frankly, that would have been important to me. I repudiated the notion. Irefused the offer ten times over. I was asked to write down what I would have, and I would have nothing. (Loud cheers.) Mr. Townley's agent, Mr. Coppock, said to me, ' Write what sum you willhave.' Ididwrite, andl said 'Iwfll have the seat, the whole seat, and nothing bat the seat.' (Cheers.) Here Iam maligned, because I was fool enough-many of my friends said to me I was a fool-to refuse an offer of 10,0001. to sell you. (Continued cheering.)" AmN. S=ITE O'BIEIN. The following report of an interview between a deputation of the Parliamentary friends of lEr. Smith O'Brien and the Premier is condensed from a long account supplied to the Cork Examimer, whose proprietor took a leading part in the affair:- " On Saturday last, at 12 o'clock, the following members of the House of Commons had an interview with Lord Palmerston, by appointment, at his Lordship's private resideuce, Piccadilly, with a view to press upon his Lordship the prayer of the memorial presented during last session, which asked permission for Mr. O'Brien to return to his own country .-Sir Robert Ferguson, Londonderry; Mr. Chichester.Fortescue, county of Louth; *Mhr. M'Evoy, county of Mfeath; Nr. Bowyer, Dundalk; Captain Bellevw, county of Galway, Mr. M'Cann, Drogheda; Colonel Greville, county of Westmeath; Mr. De Vere, Limlerick; MSr. Swift, county of Sligo; Mr. Murrough, Blridport- Mr. PollardUrquhasrt, county of WVeitmeath- Sir John Fitzgerald, county of Clare; and Mr. Mlaguire, blungarvan. "Mr. Magnire said he would recall to his Lordship's memory the fact that at rather an early period in the last session a memorial was presented to him on the part of nearly 150 members of the House of Com. mons, praying for permission to Mr. O'Brien to return to Ireland. The reception then given to the memorial was considered to be favourable, and this idea was strongly impressed on Mr. O'Brien's mind by the communications of his friends, who were led to hope for a successful issue to their application. Indeed, it was almost said, in words, by those who were then supposed to speak his Lordship's sentinents, that he aws inclned to oomply with its prayer, and that everything would be satisfactory. These assurances had been conveyedto Mr. O'Brien, who naturally awaited the result with intense anxiety, and whose hopes were consequently excited to the highest pitch of expectation. It was unnecessary to remind his Lordship how the hopes then held out were not realized; and it would be quite impossible to describe the bitter disappointment felt by Mr. O'Brien when that announcement was conveyed to hima by his friends. The answer then given by his Lordship was of such a nature as not to shut out the hope that tfe applioation might not be acceded to at a future and not remote time; and therefore his hon. friends and himself considered that it was their duty to bring the subject again before his Lordship's attention, in the hope that the still more favourable circumstances of the country would aid them in their present appeal to his Lordship's sympathy. The country was never more profoundly tranquil, never, more free from crime of a serious character; and the peopleof all classes displayed, by the generous alacrity with which they supported Her Majesty in the present war, a loyalty which was worthy of the best and kindest considertionofHerMajesty's Goverment It was due to MTr. Davidson, the hon. memberfor Belfast, to refer to his views, which he had his permission to esplain. They were the more important as they were those entertamed by a large and influential class in Ireland. Mr Davidson authorized him to state that he thought there had been quite enough of punishment, that justice had been sufficiently vindicated, that further punishment would be more inthe nature of vengeance than justice, and that it was perfectly consistent with good sense and sound policy to allow Mr. O Brien to return to his home and family. "91Mr. Do Vero followed, and urged upon his Lordship various reasons which would render compliance with the request then made most acceptable to all classes in Ireland, and especially-his- ow constituentsi4-lose- feelings were uite unanimous with respect to the sound policy and wisaom of such a course. " Sir B. Ferguson said it was quite unnecessary, after the full explanation given by Mr. Maguire and what had been said bhy Mr. De Vere for him to trouble his Lordship with any lengthened remarks, but as he happened to be the onlymember then present from Ulster--owing to the fact that most other members had been compelled to leave for Ireland-he would simply say that he concurred in what had been expressed already; and that he felt satisfied that if the permission sought for on the part of Mr. O'Brien were granted it would be received with gratitude, and that the Government would be fully justied in granting it by the circumstances of the country. "Sir. J. Fitzgerald spoke -to the unanimous wish of the people of Clare; and Mr. Bowyer also strongly represented the favourable nature of the occasion, and the good effects which would follow from a ready compliance with the prayer of the memoriaL " No other gentleman having thought it necessary to add anythingto what had been said, "Lord Palmerston assured the deputation that the subject should have his most anxious consideration, to wbich it was entitled, not only on account of its peculiar nature, but from the additional weight which it derived from the present influential deputation. They could not, of course, expect that he could then bo prepared to give them a distinct answer. It was, indeed, impossible for him to give a reply at present. The subject was one to be considered, not by a single member of the Government, but by the Government at large, and he would submit it;to their consideration as soon as possible, and-announce their decision without delay. " It having been finally arranged that his Lordship would communicate- with Mr. Maguire shortly after Parliament met after the Easter holydays, the-deputation thanked his Lordship for his attention and couttesy, and withdrew."
CONCERT FOR THE NIGHTINGALE FUND. The concert given last night at Exeter-hall by MAdame Jenny lind Goldschmidt (with her husband), for the benefit of the Nightingale Fund, was attended by an immense crowd. Although the whole of the seats were numbered as "reserved," at a guinea each, there could not have been many less than 2,000 persons assembled. Deducting, therefore, the necessary expenses of the performance, which was on a grand scale, the balance will provide a splendid contribution for the fund-a contribution worthy of the occasion and of the notorious munificence of the donor. The programme included music sacred and secular, vocal and instramental, and, though somewhat lengthy, did not contain one bad or indifferent composition. If Madame Goldschmidt makes out the progammes of her concerts herself-which we believe to be the case-the fact speaks highly for her taste and judgment. Her a-epertoirc is more varied and extensive than that of any other public singer; and, while it embraces almost every style, it admits of nothing but the purest specimens. L1st night Madame Goldschmidt smg her best, and displayed enthusiasm in all that she had to execute. The beautiful. Hy3nn- of Mendelssohn-"Hear my prayer, 0 God"-for soprano voice and chorus, with organ accompaniment, offers a favourable opportunity tothe principal singer in the last solo-" 0 for the wings of a dove"-a highly effective solo, which was delivered with eloquent fervour of expression, and a strength and clearness of voice rarely exhi bited by Madame Goldschmidt at the commencement of the evening. In her next essay it was not surprising that she should take more than ordinary pains, since this was a setting by Eerr Otto Goldschmidt of the 130th Psalm and other scriptural passages. The work itself is sensible and well written, demonstrating feeling no less than knowledge. Of the soprano air, chorale (founded on Luther's "Aus tiefer"), interlude, chorus for female voices, duet for soprano and tenor, chorus for male voices, arioso (with clarinet obbligato) for soprano, and final chorus5 of which the psalm is composed, while all maore or less deserve attention, we prefer the last two-the arioso ("Though all the night I vainly sigh") for its plaintive character, the chorus for its musical cleverness. The chorus for female voices (" See all the lilies clad in glory") is also extremely pleasing. Herr Goldschmidt seems to understand the orchestra thoroughly, since his instrumentation is always unaffected and good. He con. ducted his now composition himself; the 80ot parts were sang by Madame Goldschmidt and Mr. Swift; and in the arioso, vwhich was perfectly given by Madame Goldschmidt, Mr. Lazarus played the o6bligawo fortheclarinet with his usual skilL The work was received with great favour. The other performances of Madame Goldschmidt were the air with chorus, "Squallida veste e bruna," from Rossini's Tui-co in Ita7ia, and the scene with two flutes (ML Remusat and Mr. Pratten), from Meyerbeer's Cam.p of S&lesia. Of the last unsurpassable example of draunatic vocalization in the bravurav style we have already spoken. The florid and animated air from II Tit-co was one of Madame Goldschloidt's happiest efforts in the Italian manner -showy, brilliant, and, above all, original. The applause which the gravity of decorum had in some measure checked during the sacred music was administered at the conclusion of the two pieces just named with unrestrained and genuine warmth. It was well bestowed, since it would be difficult to imagine finer singing. In the quartet and chorus from the flnale to Weber's B-uryanthc, Madame Goldschmidt took the soprano solos, which we have never heard before to such advantame, on or off the stage. The otherparts were sustained by MIadame Weiss, Mr. Swift, and Signor F. Lablache. Herr Goldschmidt played in Beethoven's C(horal Fantasia and Weber's Concert st;4 and in both showed the reading and intelligence of a musician. The last appeared to please the most- but the first was, in our opinion, executed the best. 1Few pianists seem to have a larger number of important pieces at ready command than this gentleman; and after all it is something to boast of, since too many of our performers think it quite enough to master two or three compositions, and play them in pblic until the public are tired of hearing them. Mr. Swift, whose voice improves on every hearing, but who mus study hard, sang an air from Mozarts Daridde Peni tente; and a first-rate orchestra was heard to eminent advantage in Mozarts G minor symphony (entire), and Mr. Benedict's brilliant overture to the epest, which was produced with such success at the Norwich Festival. The chorus, which was numerous and efficient, sang Mendelsobn's part-song, " When the west with evening glows," and the concert ended (at a very late hour) with a march and choruls from Beethoven's Rluins of Athens. MRr. Benedict conducted with his accustomed ability.
THE DESTBUCTION OF COVENT-GARDEN TH7ATE. OFlPFrl.TAT. TNTCT.V Yesterday Mr. Bedford, coroner for the city of Westminster, assembled a jury at the Piazza Hotel, Coventgarden, for the purpose of inquiring into the cause of the late disastrous fire, by which the RoyalItalian Opera-house was destroyed on the morning of Wednesday last. The inqwiy took place in one of the large rooms of the hotel, which was filled with highly-resXectable gentlemen. The jury consisted of 18 of the leadng inhabitants of the parish of St. Paul, Covent-garden, lr. Watherston, of the firm of Watherston and Brogden, of ficiatin3g as foreman. Mr. Mloseley Taylor, Vestry clerk, appeared to watch the piroceedings on behalf of the parish. Mr. :Braidt7o0d was in attendance to give informition and to watch the evidence on behalf of the i3surance-offices interested in the loES. Mr. Anderson attended, accompanied by his solicitor; and the churchwardens of the parish, Messrs. Denion and,7erity, were also present. The Coroner said that the presentwas a somewhat unusual inquiry, differing from the ordinary inqutsLq attendant on the deaths of individuals. Inquiries with 3-egard to the destruction of property by fire were not, however, novel features in this country although n3usual. Formerly, indeed, one of the most ancient duties of the coroner was to investigate charges of burglary, in which inquiries he was assisted by the magistrates and sheriffs ofthe county. The statute underwhich such inquiries had taken place was now obsolete, but it was st-ill conidered that an investigation into the cause of a fire was legitimately within the coroner's province. In the present case he had been applied to by the churchwardens of the paTish in which the te Royal Itaian Opera-house was situate to institute an inquiry into the origin of the disastrouis fire which had destroyed that magnificent building, and he had felt it his nwtimmediately to acquiesce in the applicatin. To p3ishauthorities had assured hlim be might rely on their best assistance in carrying out the inquiry, and he wasbound to say that Mr. loseley Taylor. had taen great pains ingetting the evidence relating to the calamity together. It was an inquiry i n wrhich the public were very deeply interested, for many reasons. In the irst place, the destruction of the theatre had o00casioned very general sympathy, from the highest to the lowest; and, secondly, the walls of the building were now in such a state that the neighbourhoodwas jeopardized. If theevidence which should be laid before the julry that day, did not satisfy them as to the origi of the fire, he trusted they would spare no pains in endeavouring to obtain further information, in order that a conclusion might be arrved at which should at once be satisfactory to themselves and to the public. John Castle was fit examned. Hesaid-Iam afireman at Covent-garden theatre. I am employed by Mr. Robinson, as agent for the proprietors, Captain Forbes, Mr. Surman, and others. My duty was to attend to the general safety of the building in case of fire. There were four of us so employed, and we had an equal share in the duty. I was inthe theatre atthetime of the outbreak of the fire on Wednesday morning last. I had been there since a few minutes afterl'clockin the. afternoon of the preceding day, with the exception of a short interval. The fire commenced btween 4 and 5 'clock on the Wednesday morning. I was on the stage at the time with my brother firemen. We considered it; our duty to concentrate ourselves as much as possible there, in consequence of the number of persons who were smoking in the theatre. I was in the act of conversing with Mr. Walker, foreman of the gas department under 3Mr. Palmer, and asking him what "battens' he should require left alight for the worlkmen who were to be employed in clearing up the theatre after the company had dispersed, when, looking up, Mr. Walker clasped his hands and exclaimed, " Oh, my God, the theatre is on fire !" I immediately looked up, and sawa glimmering light through a crack in the floor of the carpenters' shop over the stage. At this time no fire had fauen. I saw a brother fireman, William Butler, on the opposite side of the stage, and I ran to him, and, putting my hand on his shoulder, said to him, " Bill, the house is on fire !" We both rushed upstairs towards the carpenters' shop. When we got to the door of the shop a gush of black smoke struck us. The smoke was so dense that we could only face it by going on our hands and knees. We proceeded some distance in this way, and endeavoured to get to the fire-mains in the shop, when, before I could reach them, I became so giddy from the smoke that I was obli-ed to return, but not before seeing that tho fire was on the left side of the shop. When I got back to the door of the carpenters' shop I fell down several of the stairs-I suppose from the effects of the smoke. Presently I recovered myself and made for the firemains immediately under the floor that was on fire. I charged one of these fire-mains-there were two on each floor-and the water flowed. The mrains are supplied from a tank on the root, which was always kept charged with 1S tons of water. While I did this the fire was falling very thick through the floor, and some persons, whom I do not know, called to me to come away. I then made for the next fly below, where I let two or three straps off the handles of the scene barrels, thinkun" they might thus fail clear of the fire, but I soon found f could do no good there, and I then made for the stage, where I found one of my fellow servants at the firemai. We each assisted the other in getting them to work, and we remained there as long as we possibly could. Indeed, when we came out of the building the people had all left, and the engines were at work. Coroner. -How long was it from the time yoLt first saw the outbreak until you got to the door and saw the engines there ?-I cannot tell; my memory will not serve me. Examination continued.-I had previously been round the whole theatre. It is a rule that we should do so after the curtain falls. Our rules are not vwitten, but they are told us at the comnmencement of our engagement. Coroner.-What do you consider your duty ?-Our duties were general-to do the best -we could in case of fire. Is it inyour discretion to go round when you please 7- We are expected to go round every hour. But is that a rule 7-That is a rule. Does every one of you goround every hour ?-We are not all four on duty at one time. There are three men on duty at night and one in the day. Then inthe case of the one man oughthe togo round the theatre every hour during the day ?-No, he is not called upon to go round. It is only at night that we are required to do this duty. Isit then left to your discretion during the day?-Yes. We have generally so many peeple about the theatre that we have no fear of not being called indue time in case of necessity. Did you take any round in any given time before the outbreak -Yes. When was thatb-I passed from the front of thse theatre just before, but did not go into every part. Had you din- the day or night previously Emelt anything h;e fire9.-. A smellof gas escaping?-Certainly not; not in the carpenters' shop. Had you anywhere else.9-No; excepting what was occasioned Dy fair wear and tear. Having seen what yonjdid-see of the outbreak of the fire, cau you form any opiunon as to what part of the house first ignited?-It was certainly over the stage, on the left-hand side of the carpenters' shop. Why do you fix on that part 1-Because I saw it through the smoke. Might it not have been burning somewhere else before you saw it 9-When I saw it first the whole fire was over the stage; it was not over the audience part of the theatre at alL I cannot think it possible it as: burning in any other place than the carpenter's shop when I saw it first. Have the " flies" any immediate connexion with the carpenter's shop?-There is a staircase that connects them. The " fly" is a kind of gallery, over which the machinery is worked. The carpenter's shop is the highest parL of the house, and the top fly is immediately under it. How long have you been employed in this theatre 7-23 years. Then, you must know the theatre well.-Yes. Does anything occur to you by any means to account for the outbreak of this fire 9.-I cannot say. No person had any business in the carpenter's sheopthatnight. Have you any means, from anything that occurred, of accounting for the fire 9.-I really must say that I th3ink the means wras taken there todo it. (Sensation.) You mean you think that the theatre was set on fire ?- Then, having said that, state why so.-Because the smoke ,was so peculiar-not like common burning wood smoke, and also the particular time at which it occurred-that we should be al busily engaged as nearly as possible on the stage getting the people out. Then, yours is a mere general suspicion, and nothing more --Only a suspicion. W.er there any lights in the carpenter's shop7-None; there were some iron gas fittings there, but they have not been in use since Christmas, nor were they capable of being used. Had they no connexion with the main gas%ipes -?No; the gas had been turned off from them int oe painting. room. Might not the gas have been again turned on?-It might have been; but Ido not believe lt was Ead there beenan escqeeof gas from any source into the carpenter's shop it :old have ascended through the shaft in the roof of the theatre. How was the central chandelier suspenaeda?-Py iron girderspassed over beams in the carpenter's shop, from which it was lighted through a circular opening in the floor. What is the distance generally from the chandelier to the floor of the carpenter's shop ? -About 14 to 15 feet frm the bottom of the chandelier. But how far from the gaslights 7-Ten or U feet. Could the floor of the carpenter's shop be made hot by the burners in the chandelier 1-No; the draught is so great in that part of the shop that it is impossible for anything of that kid to take place. Were there any flues communicating with the carpenter's shop 9-There were many flues in the theatre, several of which were alight on the might in question, but they were all in the main-walls of the building. Have you ever in your experience had any accident with these flues ?-In my time two or three of them may have been on fire, but not more. The last -was some years ago. You have made an observation about the smoke not being like the usual suell; can you say what it smelt like ?-Yes; similar to the fumes of charcoaL Su ppose wood had been overheated for some time, wouId not the smell of it have been very much like charcoall-I should sag this did not smell like overheated wood. Mr. M. Taylor.-Was it your duty to go round the carventer's shop as well as other places during the night'Do you remember (the last time you were in the carpenter's shop on the mght of the fire7-The last time I was there was when I went to attend the gasman who lighted the chandelier-between 7 and 8 o'cloclk Were any of your colleagues there after that 7-I cannot say, butI am perfectlysatisfied Vie carpenter's shop was safe when I closed the door. Were you called upon that night to perform any other duties than your regular duties as fireman 7-No; I acted that night as I have alwoys done. While on the stage I was in a position to see every light that was supposed to be iM use. A Juror.-Is it not supposed to be your duty to go over the theatre and into the carpenter's shop every hour during the nightl-After the perform ance is over, but it ha5 never been considered our duty to go round while the perfor=. ance WAs going on. On the Dight in questionthere wasa baZ masqtg, Ws it not therefore your duty more particularly on that occasion, to go rounld and see that everything was safe 7-We wero generaly on the move, and we considered it our duty to be where we thought there was most danger, among the peoylp. who were throwing their cigarsnd fusees about in every part of the theatre. M1r. X. Taylor.-Were there not "telltales" in thetheatre ?-Yes. What is the object of theml-To let the proprietors. know that we do our duty. If you went round they would strike every hour7-Yes. Did you strike these telltales according to the rnles ?- We are not expected to do so uatil after the performanoe is. over. How near did you go on this particiar night to the.spot where you saythefire broke out?-Between20 feet and. 30 feet. And did you smell anythinglike fire 7-1No. Were you perfectly sober during the night 7-I had not;hing pass mny lips but tea. When yon wrent up after the discovery of the fire was thedoor of the ear*enter's shop open 7.-Yes. Rad you left t open .when you went iup, between 7 and & 'clock;, with the gasnan to light the chandelier?-2No; I The witness here pointed out on a plan the precise spot at7. which he stated the fire commenced. William Butler, another fireman attached to the theatre, said he received the first intimation of the f;re from the last. witness, on the stage, and followed him up to the floor of the carpenter's shop, into which they both crawled on their hands and knees. Witness advanced about three or four yards in this way, and then saw a heap of wood, as much as. would half fill a cart, in one body of fire. Witness tried to reach the firemain in the shop, but -was prevented doing so. by the suffocating character of the smoke. Tbere wasnotlre at this time below the carpenter's shop. This shop was open. to everybody, though under the control of MIr. Sloman, the master carpenter of the *.eatre. The gas there was. laid on just before Christmas to bring out the pantomime, and it had not been used since. Witness went into theupper flies, below the carpenter's shop, at 3 o'clock on Vednesany morning, and did not at that time perceive any Emel of fire. When ne accompanied the last witness after thealarm of fire had been given he did not detect the smell of charcoaL It appeared to him to be ordinary smoke. Witness was unable to account in any way for the origin of thefire. James Bryanson, sen., another fireman attached to the, theatre, corroborated the main features of the testimony deposed to by the two preceding witnesses, whom he: had followed to the carpenter's shop. lHe was unable toaccount for the origin of the iire. John Drake Palmer, gasman, said he had the entiremanagement of the gas-fittinlgs ef: the theatre, and had fitted up the carpenter's shop with gas just, previously toChristas last, He described that the -whole arrangements for lighting the theatre were under the control of himself orhis assistants. The chandelier had 800 burners, whibh, if turned on to the highest pitch, would not give greater flames thn 2A inches This mightwarm the ceiling, but notto a degree sufficient to cause mischief. During -Mr. Gye'smanagement occasions had occurred where there had been. 12 smaller chandeliers round the central one, each of which hnd 80 ihtail burners, and even then there had been nooverheating of the ceiling. The chandelier is lighted by a, bamboo rod 12 feet in length, at the end of which is a pieceof twisted wire, having on its end a ball of cotton ateepedi in soirits of wine. After the operation of lighting is completed the ball of cotton is blown out and then dipped intoa qaantity of spirits of wine, which has the effect of thoroughly extinguishing it. On the night of the masquerade the chandelier was lighted by a man named Pep. halL one of my assistants. A Juror.-Elave you any means of forming an opinion as to the origin of the fire ? Witness.-When I saw the fire first it was totally away from the gaswork altogether. I believe I was the firt one to discover it. I was. in the act of speaking to M1r. Ander-- son as the orchestra struc3k up " God save the Queen," when Castle came to us and said " What battens will you have= left a -iht?l I looked up to tell him, and saw through the cracg in the flooring of the carpenter's shop something resembling a transparency on a starry night. I immediately became almost speechless, and I fell back and. said to Mr. Anderson, "The place is on fire." He said, " Oh, hush ! 2Tonsense !" and then, locking up himseLL he exclaimed, " Good God ! the place is all on fire. For your life's sake, get out of it." I desired my mento seethat the musicians all got off the orchestra. I ran across thestage myself, and by this time a great deal of fire hadfallen on to it. I then went to the gas valve and turned everything off very gently. Presently afterwards I left thetheatre. It is impossible for the fire to have originated by reaSon of any escape of gas in the caapenters' shop; nor can I form any idea as to its origin. l,Er.- Henry Sloman, machinist and carpenter to thetheatre during the last SO years, wsas next examined. Resaid he coud not account for the fire in any other way than from the escape of gas. Re had noticed a great escape lately, and bad begged and prayed and caLled the attention of the firemen to the fact, and had said that if something: was not done to remedy the evil e wfas almost certain the theatre would be burnt down. There was an escape of gas all over the house. 3le had called the attention of Mr. Robinson and others to the fact, and had even stated on Tuesday last that if something was not done the theatre would be burned down. Witness had smeltthe escape of gas very much in the carpenters' shop, although that was not a closed place, lie did not think it possible, however, for any quantity of gas to have ignited ithou.t an et plosion. At this stage of the proceedings the inqUiry was adiourned.
THE LATE -BOYAL ITALILAT OPERA, COYENT- GARDEN. TO THE EDITOR 1OE THE TDEES. Sir,-In the narratives of the destrmction of this theatresome inaccuracies, calculated to mislead the public and todo little credit tomy woik of the late Royal Opera-house, have now had a press-wide circulation, and make it incumbent on me to beg of you, in comnmon justice, to insert a few facts by way of correction. The statement that the building was "remodelled" by me " and converted into an opera-house" does not fairly describe my part in it, which, as respects the audience part within the main walls, and from the foundation to the roof, to say nothing of the extensive alterations and numercus additions and improvement; in entrances, new staircases, saloons, hall, offices, kc., it seems ought to be considered quite a new strnuture. I obtained possession of the premises on December 1, 1846. In the course of the first five weeks the whole of the interior of the audiencepart, from the roof to the foundation of the vaults, was taken down, and the proscenium-wall cut from top to bottom to widen it, and a new foundation laid' and this, not for the andience merely, but under thewestern side of the stage, with two new fire-proof staircases. The new foundations were laid about 20 feet under thelevel of Bow-street, on Yorkshire stone landings (and not upon timber, as in the case of the old main wall); on these three rows of walls and vaults. in two tiers were built underthe pit corridor-boxes and corridor of the pit tiers, to make this part fireproof. On the two nearest the main walls rested the five t-ers of castiron columns supporting the six tiers of boxes aud the two. main fireproof staurcases, builtfor the safety of the audience, ascending from the Bow-street level up to the highest tier of boxes, with two ire-mains, &c., in each tier, as a precaution against fire. Besides these the box chosen by Her3Majest and the Royal Family private and State apartments were built fireproof, with staircase entrance and a portco for alighting under cover, to say nothing of the saloons, grand staircase, pit and box office, and entrance in Bow-street, the whole built in themost workmanlike manner as certified at the time by the metropolitan official referee. The audience part, which was thus placed on new foundations, and increasedfromthree tiers to six,rebuilt, painted, decorated,and fitted with every attention to the pubiccomfort, wasopened as the Royal Italian Opera-house on the 6th of April, 1847, in which the whole press concurred. May I not, therefore, fairly ask, if works of such magnitude, so elaborate in detail andwhich were carried on night and day by relays of three sets of men, under my incessant personal superintendence. and executed in so short a time, can be accurately descrmibe as "r emodelled," or " converted," or too expensive for the cost realy incurred and herewith mentionea s The publ3ihed statements as to the cost of my works havc. been very erroneous, varying, as they do, from 40,0001. to75,0001. The wholo cost of the works, building painting, &c., was under 23,000Z.; besides this srm, 4,_()!. were expended for fixtures, chandelier (which I had converted from the old one at the trifling elpense of 350!.), gas fittings, looking-glasses, carpeting atd furnisaing most gorgeously Her Majesty's apartments, boxes, saloons, artistc rooms, &c. As to the most profuse expenditure, justly commented on bythepress, itwas incurredy the directors. in mounting the many operas and ballets produced in that season with an extraordinary expense, iu which I took no part at alL The insinuation that "bond timbex>' seems to have been introduced, or left in the walls. at the last alterations to a greater extent than was " cup. posed," demands a flat contradiction, as I not only did not. insert a single inch of bond timber, but extracted the whole tiers of bond timber which had originally been imserted in the main walls. So strongly did Ifeel on this poinit, that I considered it to be a duty to give the profession the benefit of my experience on the danger of using this materiaL I addresse a paterto the Intitution of CivilEngineers, with a drawing of the main wall as constructed, and specimens of the bond timber, which vas read at one of the meetings in Iday, 1847, inproof.of which I beg to extract a few lines. I stated that the bond timber had failed, and that in taldng down the old vaults, at 13 feet from the foundation, I found a tier of Memel bond timber; 12 x 6 had been introduced into the main walls all round, which externally appeared merely to have shraun, but on examination proved to be not only useless, but perfectly decayed. Of this there were five tiers up to the level of the ceiling, the whole of which, amounting to above 2,000 feet, I directed to be removed in small lengths, as the work progressed, and filled up with brick and Roman cement to consolidat& the walL. I found, also, that the timber lintelsCaboventhe doors wrere rotten, and I had recourso to York ston,e lintels; andflat arches,withrelieviagarchesaborethem, were necessary, which was awork of great extra labour and expense. T may add, to strengthen the -work, and as a precaution against fire, as far as practicable, I intwducedgmits construction above 2,000 crrt. of cast and wrzought iron. I have to apologize for intruding w9ith these dry details. However trivial they may seem to the general reader, they are of grseats importance to a professional man vwho (lid his duty, and whom this, his first appeal to the press, confidently trnsts for justice a.t your hands. I am. S.-'I! H. A.LBANO, C.E. 22, Ring WIL-un-bteet, March11
SALES BY AUCTION. Long Leasehold detached and semi-detached VMlla Residences, in Dawson-place, Chepstow-place, Pembridge-place, ac., Baysawter. situate between Westbourne-grove and Notting-hill-gate, ia the most deli-'htful part of this favouredlocality. XSSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK and LYE W are instructed by the Executors of tfio late Joha Dowson, Esq.. deceased, to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, THIS DAY (Wldnesday). 12th March. at 12 o'clock, severalVILLA RESI)DENCES. viz.. Nos. 5,6, 7, and 8, Dawson-place, let on leases and agreements for leases, producing togetheraa annual rental of upwards Cf_ £300; a Villa, 1,o. 12, Pembrdge-place, let on lease at£UIOper anntum; an excelltenLt Residence, 46, Chepetowv-pLace, let on lea se at the yearly rent of £90:* the vhole in the occupation of first-class tenants, and form meet eligible and safe investmsents; also a semi-detahed VillaResidence, No. 42. PembridgoVilla-rosl,,with possession, of the annual value of £75. The above are held for longierma of years, at low ground rents. May be viended by permsion of thetenants; sud particulars had of Messrs. J. and W. Meymott, solicitors, 8S, Blackrroad; at Gar-raways; and of Messrs Faebrother, Clark, and Lye. 6. Lancaster-place. Strand. Oxfordshire.-Freehold Manor-house, with Oflices, Pleasure Grounds Garden, and P addock, and Farm-buildings; also a Farm, with farmnouse and buildings, and 305 acres of productive Meadow, Pasture and Amble Leads, in the pwaish of FritwelL MESSRS. FAREBROTHER, CLARK, and LYE are instructedto offer for SAE by AUCTION, at the Rod Iion, Banbury, To-morrow, March thel3th, at 1 for2 o'clock. in four or nine lets, (unless ta acceptable offerisepreviously mad by private ecntract,) a most desirable FIEHOLD EfSTAT, situate in the neasing village of FritweIL about a mile from the Somerto Sttion isd three miles from the railway sttion at Auhee, seven miles from Brackley, n ine from Banbury, andl12 from Buckiughans; consisting of the old manor-house. weith coach-house and stabLibg, pleasure gronds, garden, and paddoccs of pastureland; aLso a most desirable fanu,,, with e cellent stene-built farm-house and well-arraged farming build ings.stuate near thechurchand severalenclosures0frichmcadow, pasture. and arable land,in the occupation of Mr. Scott,and comprising about S30 ar so two labourers' cottagesa d the ri"ht of fishngfinatheriver CherweU. ay be viewMed, anbp rAieuCaTsIaO at the ns of the princpaladjacent towns; of B.' W. Aplin. Esq., solicter, anbucL ; of MfessrseeIand Pemoberton, 44, Liocoutos-,th-fieldsw at the place of sale; at Gartahay's; and at the ofniesl of Metsr i arebroher, Clark, and Lye, Lancaster-place, Strand. The beautifulWorksinEnamelofthelate HeP. Bone, Esq. IWESSRS. CHRISTIE and MANESON respet j1L foIlly give notice that they will SELLj by AUCTION, at their great Room, King-street, St. Jamnes's-square, To-morrow, Mlarch 13, and follovrng day, at 1ipreciseby by order of the Executers, the whole ef the RE ANNG WOPB(S of that unrivalled artist inaenasmeL, HI.P.PBone,Esq., deceased, This beautiful collection, consisting of npwards of 200 of Mr. Bone's fnest works, wiiD be the last opportunityof scquiringhisunequalled worlsdirectfrom the family. It comprises interesting historical portraits from the reign or Henry VIII to Vic tora, from the mose authentic sources, and some beautiful fancy subleets, everal of the enamels being of the moet importaut size. Iay be ,sied two days Preceding, ad catalogues had. Ease Etruscan Vaes, AnLtique Bronzes, Sarcophagi, Reman Glass, and afew Pictures, the property of a gentleman, colected abroad. R. PHILLIPS will SELL b AUCTIONat his g t Rooms. To-morrow 'Marc ,atIpeily a small colIection of rare ETIttISCAN WAR,cohmp3risigvases, tarn, lamsma and ancient Roman glass, bronzes, fresco paintings from Pompeii, marble sarcophagi Ac. ; also a snall cabinet of Pictures, formed rincipaly fromn the Italian school. including a Head of an Angel (bN saffaeUJl, the Saviour (by Andrea Mantegna) and othemby G. Poussiu Carre ao, Guil - Ma ~ W, vl 1r er: < ,s rsmn, os =er, OTiver, an others, fay be viewed Wednesday preceding the sale, And catalogues then had at Mr. Phillips's, as above. WliEal e of Standard and other Roses, America Plants, Camenia, 3R .H ASLA31 wil SELL,as above,atthe fIart, Co Thursday and Friday next, March 13 andl4. N.B. Packing lbaskets wl be provided. Tnreelsve Binsof rareoldPortWine. vintagesl83,1842, and18. :ESSRS. 3. E. PUDDICK and Co. vill SELL by JJJ. AUCTION at their Rooms, 314A, Oxord-street. near Bondstreet, TPIS DAZ, March 12th, at 2 precsel, 500 dozen PORT, that has never been in a wine merchant's celar, bottled bythe importer dve years ago; and 200 dozen first-class Sherry, Spiits, and Liqueurs abo tasted at the cellar, 115, Leadenhal-street- or at the auctioneera; en Tuesday, and catalogues had. No. 16. Camden-terrace. near the Railway Station, Camden-town. 1'JrESSRS. PAGE and CA MERON will SELL by 1T . AUJCTION, on the Premises, .'comer of Breclnsoc'k-aireet, ToFURNITUE and EFFESCTS, nickel soilver thablceapndldeassert spoons apdforks, fine-toned guita.-. twVO violins, china, glass, A May be viewed, and eatalagues had on the premises, and of Messr. l:age and sa,maenr,ona, ldapd ageents and survsyors, 64, OldBEroad-street, city, and St. Albau's and Barnetnd Newington-butts MR. W. CORNELL is instructed by a gentleman il leaving London to SEIL, without reserve. To-morrow March 13, at 12, on the Premises, 13. C:hurchyard-row, iHigh-street, the genteel and u3eful HiOUiSEHOLD FURNITURE, valuable musical box (pla'in eiht opuar ars) hadsoe backt clock (nearly new) bagael board, aOboult 200 olts.i of bioooks, sbome prints, china, glass. and the usual kitchen requisites. bfay be viewed the day prior and moming of sale, andeatalogues had oaths premises; or at the auctioneer's ofices, N{ewington, Surrey. A further Portion of the Stock of Messrs. Ackermana and Co., of the Strand, sold in co'sequence of a dissolution of partnership.-By SOUTHGATE and BABE;T, at their Rooms, 22, Fleet-street, Tomorrow. March13. audfoowinng day, at12 for 1, ,TATIONERY and Fancy Articles, consisting of papers, envelopes, account-books, morocco and russia pocket-books and card-cases, mlany haundred gross of steel pens, scrap books, albums, snensevariety of other iteSms lapipaertUaniiung tottheDtgrade.g, u ai HIampstead-road.-Genuine Household Furniture, Prints, 200 vols. o Bo0oks &c. L. LEREW will SELL by AUCTION, on the LV1. Premises, 31. bromington-place, on Friday, March 1, at 12 for 1, the excellent EFFECTS, viz.-japanned French, iron, and other bedsteads, bedding, wsshstands, drawers, toilet glasses and tables, ward. robes, and the usual chamber appendages, three chimney glasses, sixieet pedestalsideboard, extending dining, loo, card, writing, and other tables, theffonicra. eof3, lounlge, and chairs. Brussels and othercarpets, curtains, china, glass, culinary articles, and miscellaneous items. Slay ibe viewred the day before the sale, and catalogues had on the premises and of Mr. Lerew, auctioneer, Cardmngton-street, Hsmpstend-road, near the Euston station. Ihe Running Horse first-class Public-house, opposite the Green-park, Piccadilly. 1tRk JENKINS is instructed by the Executors of the late James Tnomas Delahay to submit to public COMPEWITION at Garraway'sNn Tuesday, Mlarch 18, at 12. the GOODWILL, in TR Inand POSSE IONofthrewel-kxown PREMISES, being the Running Horse, advantageously placed in Piccadilly, opposite the 4lxeen-park, where a lucrative trade has been formany years earriedon by the late res,pected proprietor. These premeises are held by lease at thle exceedinglylow rent of £82 per annum, Further particulars, with cards to view, maybe had at Garraway's; and at hlr. Jenkinss offices, Z Southamnpton-street, Covent-garden. To Hotel and Tavernkeepers, Persons Fturishingfand others.-With. out reserve. 1IJrR JOHNSON has received instructionsto SELL, ARL at the City AucUon Rooms, 39, Graceehurch-street. in the large Rloom on the first floor, on March 14, at 12, a large CONUIG"NMENt a! IRONSTONE and. CHIA, in dinner, dessert, tea, coffee, and leeakinst services, sets of jugs, vases, jars, toilet sets, handsome cut Slower-Pot5 and stan.cs, gaPrden pots hin terra croetta, andnumerou otheruts itemafor the conservatery and terraces. Maybe viewe itho dayprevious and morriag of sle, and catalogues had at the rooms. No. 20 Chael-street, Grosvenor-square. MR . DONW SON hs received instructions to 211 foc slzbyAUCTION. on the Premises, To-morrow, March 13, at prcmsely.theHOU5EOi FUJNITJREand EFFECTS, aorunang drawingrwom chairs and sofa, rosewoodloo,cad andother tables, chey deglasses, &c,mahopay dng room car.dnn als ieor,wno utis susl n othercarpe Spanish nahogany four-post andother beds feather b~eds andbedn,mhgnchssodrwr,wrrb,mrl-o andotherw a ndtab ,den aes k equ xies To be viewed the daj priorand mornng of sale, when catalogues may be had o, the apremises; and at 3r. Donaldson's auction and ate agency ofrice, 14. Curron-street. fair 3cnd-street.-Dress Aubu3eon, Saaonnerie, and Tapestry Carpets Por. tire r Chai and Safa Covers, and O a c WISSRS. FOSTER adSNhv eevdisrc toSEo by AUCTON at the C2de To-morrow, MarchO1th an lloingaso OldBonstheet the costly SA ONEnadUBS N 1I.bot10i number, audvarig in sizes, lutable for state rooms, saloons, drawing zooms and boudo The looms of Aubuson have been long cel bratesi; the harmonious arrangement of colours, and the clever patteraSs give au appeace of richness and dress to these carpets want- Ing in those of other manufactures. The visitors to the Erposition Urniverselle in Paris, 18SS, will reoognize in this sale some of the ex- se panels of Auhuaon and Beanvois tapestry that decoratedtho Walls of the Rotonde where the Crown jeewels were exhibited and conributed, and in psr6led, to the awrard by the International jury of She Gransi 3iedasie d=Hom rto the towna of Aubuason. To give a fell opporamity to examine thee carpets the suite of rooms in Bondstreet aSs been engaged,andtheywil be on public Tiew onthe l1th, 11th, and12thMsch. Catalogues, writh the dimensions of each carpet, are noeay, and may be obtained (gratis) of Mfesr Foster and Son, On1ieW.-No. 74, Guildford.street, Rusbellsquare.-Excellent House- hold Ferniture. PiAnoforte by Broadweod, and Effects. MR.E. G. DEBENHAM is instructed to SELL by tlrfor AUCTION, oi the Premises, aa above, To-morrow, March 13th, 1t,, ,, unctuaiya on account of the numberof lota, the excellent ior Nhuzer composing 'eei dubed equipments, including sas bedteos hir ndwol atreses cpialfeathe beds anbedding, toiet asesadtble, cess o dawes~handsome drawing room wodcoee i risndaak sfs,cuhsae Ie.. I and 2, Green. X%n-lan%, Islington, close to-Souh-place--Small- Lesseissd Pr rzforji et. lURROBINS will SELL by AUTMION at the W IL 'mt Onorw arh3 tI noe lot, a ~aII LFASE-i HOLDPROPRTY;compisin Nc. ian2. Green Man-lane. Isilugton,anfcicetoSouh-pace on begaeop~let toreepectable tenants, at ent poduing£4 a ear ad hld or73 years unexpired, U aI ~The Prince's Head, 2, 3Buekinghain-street, Strand.-An Improve Rent of £49 a year. cleaw-for 27 years, with a reversionary termof 3 yer,whe a rm~ ramch larerrental maybe relied - ~FR.1lOBINSis , to SELL by M II 'I TON, t te Mart, To-morrow, March13, at 12 o'cloc1r; an M PROVEDItN of £49 a Year, most amply secured for 27 Years, a premiumn havring been psidfor the Present leas, of the PrincAes Head, tialuhouse cpontandn veryocnd atommodat ion por theum rbusnes frth a uther iempoftn 37 yers for which by la srge riper.utoraninceane teruif6ldears, at ate agrudetof £8t0 axeniear,vdthe resntarent at atheutheion uart;andwa Mr.Robnatsofice,novenott-garden. alable GRImproved Gru nddenthof £306 of perannerum, t risngfomi thImotnPremises fomn h orccupie by Messma Piper, the we-miwnen buiders, at Stangate, rAmbeth, with exesviefrontage.t aaeNe-od m mediate thppsteMat,e Tousmsorrw Parch13,nt;1,nvonelouabte vrnaluabl te GROerD w Eit E w hageld ithe siaed vle of Cnebrath a enominae 1 6,beF unex ;pired,epoduing a nros eimprovead grolnd rnetent.o ari 5la yeahr,oeured upon,3Ybehda the etni,impore tant,a gaubetntia premses Formiang the woiiorkshoo HeretssrsPiert, Coethearwell-Iat tothe rivr,n with hrfaeoithe ofiestimated nnugalr aleno. hetr £63 a year Profit Rent, arising from No. 14, King-street, Portmnan- square, let on lease, and held under Lord Pertnan, at a ground rent of £2 onl pranm ~JR ROBfINS has received instructions to SELL byL AUCTION, at the Mart, on Thursday, Ak ril 10, at 12, an eligible LEASEHOLD PROPERTY, situat No 4 gsre.Portmani-square, let to ahlghly respeetable tenan onlae t rno 65 a year, andhelddirectfrom'LordPortman yoatr fwih-ears are unexpired, at a ground rent of only ~2 pe nu.Tehueis in good repair, and contains every conveninefraCaiy hiloh advantages anising from this situation wil lasesr h bv or an increased rental, offering a meest exceln potnt oasecuire investment. Particulars may be had (21 daspir f r lrde, solicitor,. 27, Montag-plaCeoRsel-ose a ieMat,n at M1r. Robinss offices, Piazza, Cvn-adn Weybridge Surrey-Capital Freehold Residence, with handisome ear- riage drve inx front, pleasure end kitchen gardens, coachi-house, gtabling, and immediate pomeseson. lIR. ROBINS is instructedl to SELL by AUCTION IL at the Mart,on Thursday,April 10,st 12. a superior F Ehcl OL1 RESIDENCE, of a most conivenment and substantial character, nearly opposite to the church, at WVeybridge, Surrey. and about half a mile from the railway station. The walubrity of the air is well known, the roil loamn and gravel, the drives. in all directions meet interesting and beautiful, with the never-ending charm of the river Thamnes close at hand. The residence requires siome little outlay for decoration, it affords excellent accommodation fer a fansily.comprising five secoudai and four best bed chambers, the reception rooms well arran,;rd and of ample sire, capia domestic rooms foran establishment,double coach-house, and stablintg for four horses,with side enirance. Thte pleasore grounds and gardens are formed by a noble carriage drive in front, with extensive lawn in the rear, orsamented with handsome ttmter tree an shub. ledin tothekithengaren,clothed with excellenit frut teesan lokin upn ordPormor'spark-like land. May be No. 1, Charles-street, Manchester-square, and No. 12, Grenville-street, Somers-towa.-Two desirable Leasehold investments. MR ROBINS will SELiL by AUCTION, at t-he JJMart,on Thursday, April 10, at 12 inx two lots, by direction of thLe Representative of the Mortaee, a capital HOUSE. wit-h doublefronted shop and several rocoms eli'gible for letting, being No. 1, Charlesstreet. 'Manchester-square, close to Spanish-,p lace and High-street, AMarvlebone, let upon lease at £45 a year, and held for 30 years unexpird, t fur uinas nly Alo aerygod private Dwelling-house, No. 2, renili-ateet Soerstow, coseto Cia rendon-street, let at £24 yea, an hel for25 yars nexpred ea ground rent of five guieasyca. My bvieed,andparicuarshad of Mr. Shephard, Donaor,solcitrs1 enrett-steet,Cavndih-euar; at the Mtart; To Builders.-French Paperhangings direct from Paris, Fancy Deso- ratons an a arg AsortentofEnglish Papers. lI,rSSR. RBINSwil SEL by AUCTION, at ILL.ther Roms,in ovet-gaden onThursday, March 27, at 12, noem n elegnituratemsistn anddfocs,enrced with, gold altso including the Watro aqe, otnAby the Hawking Plarty, and others. Paintns&c OPLIS,6NS. n HRING will SELL by T AUCTI N, athr Rooms, 16 St. Paul's churchyard, To-morrow, Mrch 13, at 1 punctually, well-mde modern FUNITURE, uulc Absrluptendgs severin feto poedeta sidtebad F dinng. bs clahairs andcouhRes,idnvele and hair-clot, wtpcnsoestableo adeglass larg chiney lasss,bie asaf,ine pinvets,encldnt. sbciescp OLSSON, andI HARDING will SELL by T H & at the MIait, on Thursday, March 20, at 1 punctually, thrdrofte ASLTnseResVnerSINt the sum of £3,4lat lrs. . lOdlej a PaRticLar maREShaDENof weith faorercoourt and Waodwna~~rd 27, Grea Jaes-tret, edfrd-rw ;at he artoan ofvtheacinee rs. Cityofha do.-Freehold Resdene andGardon, witha p losssin or desir- ablbl ort e asctono an invetmnt.aoyowrhue OPLIS SON and HARDING will SELL by T AUCT8N. a th~Mart,on Thnday Marc 20,at 1 panctually, iREEHoL RES aFJ ~IDENC TAE,,wi in orecurtandgatesrden, beingout conphain-pofarcapterace Park-ronai.nheinterioromost onvlenieontly ar-p rangd, clarind pohessn evryrqusieacomoationofBnd for ah nxie geteelo aondeWoodwrde, 2B. GraTae-tet efr-ow;no MRe. We Cuilty of th LoatFeehl os adSo,and aPlt a of ground suiabeSorth BerNetio c manufaLLITorTo ware hoouse. ihNstrutiontnSd HbAUDING willhE LLc byait on Wednsday, ay 21,(unIes previug fb1 punctually, intwot) lth, rlabFReEHongLDEASTPED, in "BishoDaaeNare wB ithuat, consistingNof8a capitalehosem,cnann 3 lgroom-s,daubinte-fronsdhopSt anGellrg, ianotheroccupationd ofMrlBnd for the unexpired term of63yas attheowretofzCOpernnum.Thehuseisostsbstatofybruild conais.onthewreunt 21or,et .ne-h-.andvestbule,apitaslaughter house,t drabwing, andms cattlepends,omeN stoneo Mtaeasers. Wairdforing ton and uorrs foors 2yars furne piopredt ione pert annum welladapsted pastra sith'lte frte eretioo ach mauetry corl wardehue. Melays bed ohrcneinofie.My viewed by permissionoo the teat,anuariuasca-f ess Parkeerswh andLe, sutolicizdtor8 St.ea Paulr churchard;o at,n PatheuMarts mandbo thedo em nsUadEot auctioneers, 16nSt.Paurvcurchard Leomidsare,Blrve-square (one f f l ongpa) Lasd1,eirhol ion Raes itence bult byethel Blatie eMr.iThome wuitIts Planduhel atoanlow graoun rent, witheLad possion.a ars ME SSRS. MvANSELL and ELLIOTT are faouorned wihisrctostBELL by AUCTION, at the Auction Mart,onWdeayMy21 onWdedy a 1 unless previouslyWoe o yp ivate con-rat heFF L anMbin No, LoSIDes-atreetna Keingrae Cqare,ih paris aoft St. George, HfLnannver-seusre n heunld, forsa uelpiredu term om 6 yars, atuthe ofpreasnt ofe£0 pe anns um.sthetilhouselaet, aubstllantiayugedt contains,ingetare wthegroun lor ncedrootv~ capitaldinimomdawig room, toat ors n library, fbath be room, an water-closet;othfrsfor,tw thelegn drvawngbe rooms,wt handsoompestondoestaircas to wthirdpfloor; dessillng rooms, weatrlosetd wand-fourse,anry,anda bdarooms.n Ten dos- m restacbffies omrniselae hos w-huseseepersdroom,ywne cellar, out-r' paldntr withewplae incomptlektcen lardTer,coland b ceiss flars,an otema vey tofie.Mybe viewed by orders from tleacinrswhaeauhoiedsuetioeer,woaeatoie otat for the sale of it,b andtecotrcp articulars a ehdo maybe hadnof Messrs. ottnselldandlElliott, auctioneers,an suraveyos Beugrae,aur (corner of Hal kinriace land32 ic),indla2, Birchinlaeciy lingesaterCastl, nearncesrgate, BHydeisairk-supeand amodaernDeriht-re fsupplreeod Mareinen wesidence,wiholiters PlasuetrieTbez~d, cowtl Wndbthe aend,Meinr, an acres,Hanes MiESSRS. MIANSELL and areIOT (havongold wthe instructionse faorom theh Exectorsctofth lte Prorito toUC SEON, byAUthreiONs, at thinesAutionart, onyWedpr nWeesday. a2, Maunless a 12 frvorsy diposed ofy, privatoe ontractva)uthe modrnEFUR14AC ThE1 REFIDECTS knownras ingagd ahogCastle and Abmuti1 cacbresfofuLandoan Pleasur Gronds mostia bdselihful and comand-gs ginme hositaehonith coastoo betweenrasat and Marrbedigt. the resi-an denc,wich aommands wnextnsv marinoeves, tw iuga diteto,tedestructuraersf marleasingdsand mothewsubstantiall built, tandles arrndged, cnaindn otenhmnber-fialwT grosnedwoof drawiaing room,dit cvrawing threen srants beld rooms,landacmplete domestgic ;offics, wth su-pyo unexllenwater detach, re diwch-house, laundry,t and dairy; inaenlosdcca siona andewrtahingfo ninleshe ea, ommach-huse,el aleadecu flower garoden,imeadow,untdame lanor,inu alsly0acres.tThe propedt mwaybe vimoewend byoordersro wthe aucionneers,lwhopareauhoized tobe Mess. Mnsel an Ellott lan valers andeaucioners, Bmelofave- crimson edama~k wixnodnoewharnginog's, a fie-toned chamber organ by Avery, with four stps sqinare Pianoforte by Broadwood, supasnor Spanish Mahogany pedestal Lbrary table, with nest of drawers over, a 7-feet ditto pedesta writing table, cottage dining table, maahogany winged glared bookcae, culinary articles, and a variety of valuable items. Also, to be Sold at 1 o'clock precisely, a powerful chestnut broglim hrse 17hans hgh,a hndsmeand very clever brown cobmar, sx yam ld,a narl ne wel-uilt clarence, with double seat andcompete ppontmets, y Wyurnand Mdllor, set of single haress sddl, ldss sdde ad bide, e.May be viewed the. day precdin an monin of ale an caaloueshad on the prermies - andat he ffies f Msse. Mnsel ad Eliot,auctioneers and valers Begrae-suar, (ornr o Hakinplae,)and12, Birchi-lae, Wandsworthn-A deibeivsmninFehlPrptyote value of 16pranm D.A. RAlVSAYidretdo SELL bvAUC- MT11N. at the Mlart, on Wensa,March 19, atEl, in one lot, a FREEHOLD ESTATE, coas.tigof seven substantially-erected residencesa, eligibl situat with regr to railwa acomdation, being with!naho t dstne of thetto n on the Suth-Wstr BRalway, Wimbledon-park, and being Nos. I to 7 inclusive, Verandah Cottager, Merton-road oliigsxrmsec,wth out-offices and good gadnsart iontahein ocuaiono reospeactble teansas a Plot of FreeoldLen intherea: th whle f te etimtedvalue of Dstn-eyeligible Leasehold Investments, situate in the preferable parto Daiston, and withinx a quarter of en hour's ride of the city. lIA. D). A. RAMSAY wil SELL by AUCTION, IYat the bMat, on Wednesday, Mfarch 19 at 12, a very desirable IEASEHOLD FESTATE (divided into three lots to suit smail capitalists), comPrijng six conlenient, newly-ereted, and well-Snirihed dwelinghoues,knon a tlia liIs, ayhurst-read, Rtichmond. road Daato, cntanin si roms,andother conveniences, with goueoldgFdrninthurer,Oan ringthe ocuationh Cofepctal toenants, Lam Panel doors,:Boarding, and COrpenter's Toos. MSELL by ACTION, at SEMBLAGE ofHOUSEHOLDW' " cm mahgn ebl,dmgtables,chefronlars~ rn , e ~ bedsteads, chests o%f wges vanous bedding and wearing sae,and miocunyeourt y=erty& TCatalogues apply at the &AMInTW; County ourt O the aucti9wae, A5 KNUUm ow1,aa -Postponement otf&e.-lZ bodine-niewi, Wetbourne,terrace. -1HINNOClE and GALSWORTHY beg to e plce at the :.uction Mart, this day, isanavoidabiy POSTPONED till T.udy MA 5.-Auct-iot offloee, 28g. Regent-street, Waterloo-place. In Bankruptcy.-Eleant Furniture, Pictures, rich Eervicea of COi Glass, Bookli, Chlna and valuable Effects. t'HINNOCK and GAISWORTHY will SELL by J AUCION at their Rooms, 21, OldBond-street, onWcsewe March 19, at 12. the elegant EFFC of a irs-clas NBIMENh . comprising well made dining and drawing room suites, in sanRish mahogony and roewood, large cbime y glases, Brussels and Turkey carpets elegant moderateur lamps, a double-winged library bookcase, twro cabinet piausofrtes, cabineds and choice orniments, excellent beds abd bedding, and wrdrobe, chests of drawers, cheval glasses, cnvrlo wabststnds, services of rich cut glasse, china dinner, dessert, and tea services, 300 vd5s. of standard books., about 25 valuable paintings {cdiefly o£ the Dutoh and French schools), and nurmcrous eifects. May beviewed one day prior, and catalogues hadMof the auctioneers. 28w legent-street. Waterloo-place. Thurston'a full-sized Biliard Table, nearly newa. CHINNOCE and GALSWORTHY will SELl bv AUCTION, unreservedly, at the auction Rooms. 21, Old Bondstreet, on Wednesday, March 19, at , a THUWd STONd futl-s1 BII,LIARI TABL.E, cues, balls marking table, long seat covered vith Spanish leather, and other usual Sttings. Maybe dewedtwo days preceding the ssle.-Auctlon-offlces, 28, Regent-street, Waterlooplace. Clearance Sale.00 dozen of rst-class Wines. from Sandemau-v HRouse, being the Remaining Portion of Messrs. Ward afnd Co.'s Stock.-ByOCHINNOCEand GAISWO1sTHY, at tbeCellano hh, Duke-street. Grosvenor-sure, on- Wednesday, March 26, st 12, without the least reserve, ther te hemadg Stek in Tre of the above hghby be fitMerm- comprisingi500 dozen of verySinePort, including several bin very oldein bottle, and all of the moet approved vintagIes, anO elected vith greatest judgment: also 300 dozen of brytclass Serries and choice olod spiits, o equalt character. 1ll the o ines are from ilndeman and Co.'6eouse. This stock-cannotbe too highly recommended, either tthehe tradegorzgentlemen vishing toreplenish theiricellars. Catalogues had at the cetars, and of the auctioneersw2u. Regent-stree. ; Preliminary advertinement.-Finchfey, n iddltesex.-Vactable rieefIHINNOCK and GALESsWaORTH wilS ,Lb .JAUCTION, on Wednesday, May the 15th, at 12 o'clock, at the Mart, near the Bank of Eglfand. (unless previously disposmed of by private contract), the important RrOIlib aSTbE, kno n as Groeats Farm or Grass Farm, tinnbleyt com rising an excellent famrily residence, Eeated in a flute timbered parvrof abouttS acres, with lands adioining, of a beautfl - - ndulating character. containing together about 87 acres, lying iunaring fence, and embracing some of ,the highest ground at Fincuey, pectuliarly eligible as building sites d tosvrletached paddocks, contaminin about 23t acres;* a desirable famrily residence, Situate in the high road, and several cottazen and gardens, haing very eligible frontages I&c. The estate, which lies contiguous tonsain roadsilsthe geater part land-tai redeemed, and is tithe-free, exceptaEmall portion, athetithesof vhichhave been commuted for a small rent-charge. Land in this locality is daily increasing in value, and the chief part of the property being sold, with possession, offers unusual opportunities for an improving investment, it being especially desirable for oecupation. Forthier particulars will shortly be published, and may be obtained of Messrs. Jas. Taylor, Maasn, and Taylo, o r 15, Furnival's-tn, llolbom, of Messrsm Bedford and Pido~ck,ENios, and Messrs. Webb and Buck4 siUrveyors, W%oriester; of Joel Foster Earle, land agent, of 16, St. John's Villas, Upper Hollo;vay; and of Mtessrs. Chnnoeck and Galsaworthy, auctioneers anud I sed agents, 28. Regent-street, Waterloo-place. Leasieholds.-lfrssdeell-place, New North- oad, Hoxton.-Three Bwas- denoes. NEWBON wil SELL by AUCTION- at tho Mart, To-morrow, Marchl3, atl2, in two lots, TAl Eca l LEASEHOLD RESIDENCES, No3. 9, 10, and 11, BrudeneUplac Newv North-road, P;oxton, in the oecupationof respectable tenants, ait £32 anfim 3each, held forabout 30 years unexphred, at ground rents Theproperty ismsituatewrithin 20 minutes walk of the Ban}, osani bUpes pass the door every five minutes, and are equally eligible for investment or occupation. hIaybedew2edsbypermipeion of the tenant. Particulars had at the Mart; of Thomas Lett, Esue. solicitor, 43. Bowlane, Cheapside; and at the auctioneer's olltes, 8, Church-row, Upperstreet, fslington. To Small Capitalists and othersa-Leng Leashold Estate of Six Houses, held at only £3 each ground rent. M/fR. NEWEON will SELtL by A UCTION, at the tLY M art , To -m orrowl , Ma rch 13, at 12 , m ono lo t, SIX 2 subs t antia l brick-built HOUJSES, Nos. 12 to 17, Cobden-street, St. Leonard's-road, Poplar Nlew-towin, each containing six roomsl, and let to prompt-paying yeekly tenants, at rents amounting to £13212fs. per annum. -The property is siituate w.ithin a abhort distance of the East India-road, axnd jthe sck, and is never empty, held for 91 years;, atonlyi£3each house ground rent. and is an excellent 9pportunity for the safe investment of capital atalargeremunerative interest. Mfaybe viewed. Par'iculars had at the Mart; at the Cobdenrm ,nesrthe property; of Henry Merceron, Es., solicitor, 33, Spital-square, Bishopegate-street;* and at the auctioneer's ofices, 8, Church-cow, Upper-strcet, Islington. - Islington, Upper-street, next the Church.-Long Leasehold Estate.- To Timber Merchants, Builders, and others Requiring spacious Proemises. M R. NEWBON will SELL by AUCTION, at the M Iart, To-morrow, March 13, at 12, in three lots, by order of the Proprietor, relinquishing the timber trade, a valuable and long LEASEHOLD ESTATE; consisting of a capital dwelling-house and premises, situate No. 1. Rufford's-row, next the church, Upper-street, Isliuaton, withhandsome plate-glams front shop, side entrance to a large timber yard, mahogany front shop and infant school room in Churchpassage, lofty sheds and workshops, counting-house, double entrance, enclosed by iron gates; held for a long term of years unexpied at a moderate ground rent, and altogether presenting an nnunsaally eligible opportunity for erecting a manufactory, school rooms, or any other spaciouslbuildings. Aldsoto Ieasehoud Houses, Nos. 6and 7,twuoioad'o row, UEpper-street, Elington, near the above held for unexpired terms of years at moderate rent. MaR be dewed. Particulars, rith plane, had at the Mart; of Geo. Jas. Eacly Eat-, solicitor, 15, Hatton-garden; and at the auctioneer's of fices, 8, Church?-row, Upper-street, Islingion, opposite Theberton-street. Ilington.-Leasehold House,F'urniture,200 nacesefPlate, to vPiano, and Effects, by order of the Adminitrator. M\remise,12sIeNY's-ntSELLt AUdCTION, oLL the _-TL the_ Pre fs N2ro. , asnear the Tbatoed Housie. l Hington, On ThuIrsday, kc9.a 2 the wvhale of the capital HOUSEHOldI) F.URNaITURE and EEFECTS, 200 omUces of plate, tSwo coiane and ti o usual articles of furniture; also the LJease (which vill be soldat2 o'cbockl of the excelltent Leasehold Rtesidence, contahinig 10 rooms, wlith garden and back entrance in the Lowver read. May be diewved st3e dsyprecedingandmorningof sale, Cataloguesand paticularshadat the auctioneer's oftices. . Church-row, Up Der-street, Fsungtou. Beseborough-garde Pir6 lico.-feurniture and Efects. MR. BIGEO. ROOB2eSON La7 SELL,t to nI on 1X te reises No.1 aabove, T-mrrw,1th Mauxbhat 12 Oiock,the DANY, March 2, at w, thesUbIndsome and EFhECTS,u consisting of mahogany Arabian bedsteads and bedding, chests of drawders, wrh. stands,dressingtables and glasses, carpets and curtains, wanut-tree centre table, large chmuney glasses, chairs, couches, cahpety, cutains pictures, drawings, prints, china, glass, andmiselaneoia items. Mray be diew ed, and catal1ogues had on the premises;* aud at Mr. G. Robt.o SOnS offices. 21, Old Bond-street. The UpperPart of 107, New Bond-etreet.---Weiu-made FErniture and Effects, under aban l of sale and execution. lIAR. GEO. ROBINSON will SErLLt, on the Pre tLhmises as above, To-morrow, 13th Mah at 12 'clocl;, the lURnITURE, which comprises handsome mahogany fourpost and krench bedsteads ad bedding, awgined ardrobe, washstands, dressirng tabes and glasses, a handsome carved oat galery casbinet, a rosewogd draw-ing room suite, ls, card, and sofa tables, chimney-glasses, curtains, carpets, chairs, couches, and easy chauTs, a 6-ioctave grand pianoforte by Broadwood andESons, 250 or. of useful plate, a set of capital plated dish covers, 300 vols. of book, pictures, miniatures, aud etaxnamntel items, brac:ket clock, dining room furniture, pedestal sideboard,a3set of 12 ehairs, aset of telescope dining tablesi5ft. byS5ft. china andglass,kitchen requisites, and sundry miscelLaneous items. Mlay beviewed the day prior, and catalogues had on the prehises, and at Mr. G. Robinson's off ies. 21, Old rodad-street.n- Worlting, Susser.-Important ofeehold Property, by order of the Executors of the late Thomas Trotter, Esq. lAR. GEO. ROBIN+SON is instracted to SEL L A t 1AL the Residence, Anne-street. Worthinw , on Tuesday, Mearde 18 at 1, in four lts, all that substantial BULDaING end PREM1ISES k;nown.u as the Theatre Royal, Wrorthing, most conveniently rrangead and elegantlyfitted; also the uni8ue Cottage residence adjoining, with coach-house and stables, wvhich wras erected under the superintendence of the late owner, wgithout reference to cost; and Tw,o Pewis in the wcst gallery of the chapel of ease. Immeiiately after the soae of the above wEll be Sold n mts,thuScenery, Machinery, Dresses, Mrsic, Chandeliers, &c. The property may be viewed: and articulars and conditionsof sale had at the Old Ship and White Phorse 1otels, Brighton of Samuelv ayler, Eqt,, Great 1 le , 5,rt ibb of John Matthews, Esdisolicitor, 2, Arthur-street 6est, London-brndge; of Mr. Snewin, Bider, Market-street, Worthing; and at r. Gee. Raobinson's offices, 21. Old Bond-street. Staines, MiddlesewiSupeior Furnithure,60 dozy dozen of very fine Porti valeoble Eibrary, Pianoforte byBroadwood and Sons, several Cboccs, China. Glass, do. MfR-C.WARTON directed to SELLby AUC- MRI-ITON, atnthe MaremonWede shroday Staih 2s, at liii&lese ToVILLAz, lat Sthnesi I3tb, aud folio doingr 1 tecpital HOUSEHOLD cot NiUrn E of bed roo ss, double and singe wardrobes rosewood draying room furniture, rich brocade curtabusi pier glass 0by 4i8, three sets of dining table3 chairs, and oak winged nookcase, &c. The books (in Thursday's Sale) include 120 lots, with choice editeonsof the GreekandLatin autor-Xenophon, 12bols. d CiceroB 35 vois. ; Bayle's Dictionary, 16: Voltaire, 54-* Gibbon, 17;* RoDlin, 8. Addison 6;Lecke,1: Bacon,16;Johnson,; MIontaigne, 4; SirT Browvn, 4; HIume, 4; Poothroyd's Bible, 3~ Jeremay Taylor. 3; Chili lingort,3 *Palcy, 5; 'Hlallara's aiddle ies 2;. Malte Bn Geegraphia, lb; Gilpin'z Forest Scenery, 2: Swift, 2 o iebrary of Entertaind iag Know4ledge, 53, &c. To be dewed Wednesday previous, and catalogues (6d each) may bar e n Premises atfthe BushP otel, Staines; tweCastUe, gindsor; eing's Head, Eghtms Sw;an, Cherrsey he Agel, Oxford: lRed Lion, Cambridge; and of Mr. C. Wartond 7, Union-court, OldBroadi-street, (removed from Threadneedle-street, Freehold Family Besidence, with fou acres of Meadowx Land at Staines,uetiddiesex,.yithin one hour of the cityby railway, and within a drive of Virginia Water, Windsor-park, &c. t .C. 9AgON 8 drecedto SELL by AUJC- _ Bre_nTwOo, ato&e-Morr, MnVensly,March 26, nt o2 (unless an rc tbeoffer bepe omd. a cemmodiions FEEHOL.D VILIE at Staines, bunot nasShoriweod, adapted for a respectabl family, and containng eight bed and dressng rooms. dining and dra-. ing roomS, library, outer and inner hall, servants' offlces, outbuildings, stablng, andfour acres of meadow land, glyng compact, and abuttind on the high road to Bedfont Par ticular may be had at the Bush Hotel, Staine3, theCastle. lYindsor; Ring's Head, Egham, Swan Chertsoy; of S. H. Asker, Esq., solicitor, N7orwich; of Messrs Chaplin and Co., solicitors, 3, Gray's-inn-square; of George Heusman, I:sq. solicitor, fe, College-hill; at theAuction Mart; and of -Mr. O.Warton, auctioneer and estate agent, 7, UJnion-court, Old Broad-steet, (removed from Threadneedie-street). Natural Hlistory, Apparatus, and Miscellaniles. tP/sR. J C STEVES will SELLI by AUCTION, at _ ths RetEoom, 38Ring-street. Covent-garden, on Friday M arch 14, atl120'clock, a COLLCIONof IIqA LS andEOSSILS cantaining many rare specimens, a few British and foreign insects, three well-made mahogany entomological cabinets, double-barrel air pump, microscope, lantemns for dissoldnlg views, chromatroPes and other slidesZ stereoscopic pictures, and a variety of miscellaneous articles. ?daybediewedon theday prior, andcatalogueshad. Near Brentwood, E seex.-By Messrs. COBB, at the WhJite HIart Inn, TBrentwood, To-morrow, March 13, at 3 p.m,, in one lot, t 1H enallbutexceedingly compact and eligible Freehold Estate, called Gurnett's, comprising ISa. lr. iSp. of ecellentpyasture land, wvith a brick-built cottaige, and garden, yard, and premises, on the high road to Ongar, within a short distance of the towno and railwavy station, very desirable for aceommodatie a purposes, and a fine situation for the erection of a residence, with grounds, or for more extendedhuilding operations. Particulars, with plans, may be had at the place of sale; of Messrs. Simpson, Cobb, Ro-berMt and Simpson, 62, Mtoorgate-street: of Messrs Bridges. Maso;n, and Bndges, Bied Lion-sqare; of Mfessrs. Robinson and Tomlins, 48, Conduit-street - of Mr. London, solctor, Brentwood~ and of Mfessrs. Cobb, surveyors and land agents, lll7Lineoln'a-in-Seieds. lo-usehold Furniture, handsome Kag Mare. quiet in harnes fourwheeled Phaeton withhead, Patent Hall Stove with descendingfdue, six-hors power Steam Engine and Boiler, and other Effects.-By Messrs. HERON and SON., on the Premises, Cowley Tan-yard, near Uxbridge, Middlesex, on Friday, March14, at lifor 12, by order of a Gentleman retiring from business A LL the WorldngUtensils of the Tannery; consist- A Mjng of a capital six-horse power steam-engine, with tubular boiler of 10-horse power, three-throw pump, bark mils by Exall and Co., and -Huxhaxm, of Exeter, with cutters, four cast-iron striking beams, one iron rolling bed (cast in one plate), one beech ditto, fleshing beams, tan barrows, shoots, and aii necessary implements of the trade; a strong narrow wheel waggon, bark waggon, dung and light carts, a stove with about 30 feet of iron piping, drying shed for leather (timber and slate), 70 ft. long,and several capital ladders,Aldemey Cowin calf; a few lots of furniture, consisting of handsome bookcase with glared doors, mahogany dining room chairs with- hair seats, sideboard, sofa, damask curtains, Brussels carpes, foor-loth, four-post bedsteads, horse-hair mattresses and paillasees wardrobe* dairy utensils, Baker's patent mangle. andvariouaOther effects. May m viewed the das before and morningof sale, and catalogues had o the premises; at aden. hall-market; andat Messrs. Heron and Son's auction and estate office, Uxbrfdge, Middlesex. Haverstock-hill, Hampstead.-Costly modern Funiture, a powerful toned Cottage Pianoforte in an elegant Carved Walnut Case, Drawing Room Suite in ditto coveced in rich Velvet, large Glass, Con- solesand Girandoles, Paintings. Proof Prints, Bronzes, India Jas, Dresden Ornaments, Or-moull Clocks, Deed Chest, Carrige, Double Hamuean,aud many valuable Effects. .M\-ESSRS HEELES beg to announce the, have LV. received inatruction£from a gentleman giving up his resdenoe to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Maitland-park-villas, Eaverstock-hill, on F;riday, Iarch14,at ll for 12 precisely, as a brief outline maybe mentioned-an elegant DRAWING ROOM SUITE in walnut coveredin velvet, occsional, card, centre, and fancy tables, commodee, -fitted*ith statuary marble and silvered plate-glass oonsoles and girn- doles, rich pile-cut carpets bronzes, and many drawing-room nio na - the boudoir is rettily furnished in solid rosewood covered in f4Gred ,ain, with a ptcolo piano of the Mike woed *the dining room, lbray -and study are furnished in fine Spanish m anog including sets Xsairs in morocco, with ind editto, di g tablesonmasivelgs andextending frames, bidsoa sarcophags and risn on, librar bookcase andtable, tc. *hep nilrbodroom-noble Pasan' and cornice-top bedsteads, with anging, g bed horsehair and wool mattre, clean beodd,g noble wined ardrobed with slvered g s i centre, marble-top wsh ad toilet tables, eheval and toilet glasses, fancy Parisian wieker seat chairs, patent closet, bedsteps, bidets, cae, curtins, fendes, and irons, t her with all the seful effectsof awvell-funshedresidenc* also a lght driving phaeton and double harness. The property maybe Vethe redvius NO. 15, Perirdgc-plae " ~ 5slon Furniure nerynew. the principal portion baying been mnaufactured-witisin a5thortPeriodb~ fashionable pholsfterer. MW,AUCRTIUSHWRTHand JARVIS -1viIMSLL; y AVMO. an thr' Premilses, To--norrow. 3Marbh 13, the ca-o-PRIUYh property or an officer qitn i OMPistr n eeviudrawing roomn suite of Frenh d curtain1, roswWcod chaimsAnd couch covered to corrcnpoud, oabluets Ube te poad What-l,ot inLcarred walnut and rose-wood, chimney- ~room and ljar, a ly carved sidebord., dinig tables choeir,k. nth Sliding frameB, 1.2 chairs, two, couches, and an induilgeut chair a11 CovFered withs m-rooco leather, bookcase damask cuirtais, ke.;- oak alflttings, the Customary appendase to the bed cbsmbers, inclu'ding fourps, Arabian, and iron bedatead and bedding, wardrobes, waahStan with marble top, toilet tables and glasses, ksitcben reqists china, glass, and other effects, irn excellenthcondition. May be viwe one day Dreviousto the Wae, and ca eeu~had on the premises; and of Mealesrs Rishorhiadll rrs =ieer6ow, Regent-street. and 19, Cavendish-equare-Ydrn, rntr, lsss ianofortes, Clocks, ... and ~~~JARVIS w fin a veewisoorquof on Tuesdlay, March 18, the mo- dern H'R oDMPriig aigrooml suitee in rosewood, cutino crimson sl,tbrt, andFecdas, chimney, pier, and cosle glasses, celegnt Parssan. clocks, chn,adother ornaments, a Venetian. glass chandelier, and a pair of imo to snatch: a large gallery pictur by David, a 7-octave semi-came pianoforte, and 6~-otav dito;dinng oom ppedags, ahoany ofthe usulW de- clth kiOertnis,ciaadgas,admselneuueop- byse And TIN at th Ificso gresssatuswrhad r Saville-o-ro Wnwda, edrc 2%i onlese.uneo h xiao ftela- asi o Epnd 8 Growodcterplacs romsewo-dqtables,uniur, himney-glasses, cadl= aCotgPinfreClocks, LIsttes and Ornamentsinomuuadprcln, Serviancsbof Table China and Cut Glasses,t andsvanond Earects, byl3OTON attheirgreat oom, taile-ogU.Ladon Wednesday beingpermtted n ath lemisos, as DRtoN irT omas IT,o crhnsondamask urtain, wit cars,t ouce,otmnsfaeeei clocs, ustrs, nd Trnamens i rmnnadpr Ida ai NieteI Iarl-cane, cottaerpiaofot,altotlsoednng tables,m gr Thdebadncehasrs adcouch, ay Sreclinng chairnoae,Tre,nga teand Brossel carpets,iresbin French, anforpsbetadad beddng,wrrbstastnswt marbleirytops,tiandaeother chambrtyei furntur,sktcheanrequ Pisites, able chinaradctgas,adsn effects, May be n Tylewedtea poctrevos n ctlge ado ess Itushwovth and Jarvs, Savile-row, Regettre,ad9Canelcy brook. But., T ter ow Eniere nt ofth0 ersanum MESSRS. FUSLLERadHORSnd Jare insruced by the Truiestees undcher the wbl of ChnIObns, or the dteeased t SleLLoby HouCeBtIONseat Gon-Wensays.oFrdy March21at1, it1.the LESandSEHOLDi TRWARSDEofa NCE, fahobsituatne,e eo.t18,cParkf-lactne,oew-lookingthethewure grounds near speley-hotin. subsantal anne, ad hs ben ~di fourl nowve byrzothe prstent tenat, hos ter exire in 858 whn aconsdealet) incrae inothera rentmay airybeantcipaed.Theroprtyuishtl fror, t1wear foro IOU,at grss ret. Pintd prtiula ofa beobinged oftMesrns. To Engineers and ofotherss M SSP.S. FULLER and HOREYare instructed Mby, the Mortgigeesudr6 oe of SeMche to SELL by AUCTION,o the Pr tems, M laftond Thouse. Baftre.o ensaarch 27a 2saln A A19, a 11 the TOOI and, SoCK ine TA DEi of aeimnder'sEEstae-o=pynew pani argearhiea, powrfu siuraenGeoeathorenetw hxorizonret,al steam rengiesdf, 6,d 7,prs an lhorsed poweyro(nearlyompleatory, onetwohorsted stef.ambegin ad bier0 feet shafting, mandfctr dr iveo geaor, scewin andrgestreel tools stuore,fv tns cas and wi roc-ught dwroln,-twofores, Nsmiths tools, vicres,tusetOfulachinry,efiv sheetisawel of engncpternsu drawings foandfaotherin effects. Tohbewvieehed on leesayspefous to ther sale, whrtoa cnatalosuesmybje hady ton the peremiswesand of M02 esrs amanufhestacturngiPremises,hOxfordstepoet, wthe Steam-bowler ., bye mthes fortgges,w e unclder a n Power pufcSale tE.Lb AUCTeION, veG rEyIS dsrbeorAinofthe marquiofaWetminster's Estate,occupying smitver largnetmakre, oandbsituaerGeorge-streth, Oenod-steet, ar shortan isanufctufromnGrousvnensor-square.dthe triihae sit.riubsantialy, -eretd hand comhepreises a ligh andrs loftyaryosdiorfcitory, witchuslate Geordigest Freeithurhstuccoed frot;teMr andsi brickebzt dwllng-huses NorseyIto1, (Eieorg-street, OxodstetiTeeisawllyfexeln waeIfrmanrtacturn purpses.ldIThewoehlnlaefratr af aboe M yars, at Tusay rentro £117pe annum; an fivabe of th ODwel ing-houEs areltoff Iaprft rentsam ofn to5 £210 pernnnum, lheaving thcortoni hand sitiubjcecte onlyr-touthe vrlof renht fof £1tna0 per annum Thestream-t.enrgie'of eight-hrs poer the setefthea boilrer, an thrsicbuth' forges,-willse inchluded in the prchase- ofthe sremisesoare veryh desirable fertnme pnfrtomaTMufactreet fora manufaturin slvfyer. smith,u cabnemaer, ousebb furilders, cach smirth, engner, or flor anywll manhufactrin bstianess.torevieedil the saune.rofwhc Partiuledars maysl beo had( on e i theprmies ofMessrs ilay soelicitfors 5,e beniler.chbuildinsetF. Penchurb-dtrst at the Matrt;an of M7 esars, Fulerz dand Hroney Bchalmaeset, cIS(dty. ial ytelssea h n f1 Imrpo nysve ortantafLerasehold nvstmjent,t whel sred.o 7 7s a per nLum the Motaeed undlers fowr af sa-l, ermujc to SELgyAUToun, rensTE producting ao pro1s6.fitpentalMofl110leravnnum Th propi ertylo compneraaum hpeiewisubstantialyeetdsga-os fegigtors,anituate-i Chralistian-treet, Sthe Geogeses,ines the centreai of te e&oismarket;. bric-buith fltber-ousen tof three flos, in gethle rarnofthe esugar-house,t wsithul speprateientrance fromi rentlmabeth-stforet;, ligh aonddlofty enpie-house,umenshueoforlos,ad asagodretTob smalldb yerd;alofatdell ite-anus, br chrdston-ltrch (wthe grountd oor o wichias) usyed as a1al Proomuand maye ando the uppe par aessra dweling ftornte, beiero. Let Monrlese tol. citon Wlllo.se-, sqr,fo anter Mofr178te-tetiars, es 1dys anrom tlhne Mas 84(eemnal ytelseeath n f1 yentcarsoraysen yemiars afteternrs),iubec frontaeCheroutdof £173mer od. pGter-anu,and, thel orncipleae fhorouhfa simia therm,t subec tonground_ ordent aounting to£2ees. und,erpoero anu-eavn. rfi etlo £10pennm The premiseistaruced to SuEtanL reai,AndTmOstN silrabyituto the busin nTess.y T=he1 retpd by~ the leseeis morAte, the plant belong mnning toi Ri fgratale, andth132an estblshen is i fel oeraton;theproit rnta ma,te.orefOre be consideraed hase wellsecued s a roud ret. T beviewd b aple dssomo tes tena8, ly crds uls. whch (ithprined patciours; mayre bad,e14 Paricuar mayzalob hand orf MeasrMri,etn, ono, and and at the Mart.~t heAutin ar - -gutyBdter-ane, the principal thruhaire inSheecty, ef LentdunituBre orde ofrter MortheRev. Edearpowimer, of oissale. ng 1IR.T. _TlMSwislnSrcELLo bEL AbCIONUonthe 1LYenatsh Meart olanTey Say,g,tededy March1,a 19,te EEFCand LEASESn of,at1 thos er ecmanieng FA EII YSEFFECoS.3 and 131,OO ChpIde, admiably adapewbvdfrpbincloudice.o forwafrstrate, hears withedoublet ofdronagers in C,eapd and Guter-lane. Parpti,culrs at th Mrt-ewat thens offices,o C.of.s cubnd.eso, soolcitor,ig, Regent-stvreet andNanri Thuns,ve auctioner-adovler, 84,gls Upper pharolotte-steet itneysqures, and 93, Regent-street.er eonge leahse,l a in e d gGatnsreets, ithoy-squarle,cland TuaoueG.esday March 18 brck b ilts Chrlte-LINGeet,aauu tdoo7 Fiey-tr emisheld for abou No. 16 Ghtrafto-yareet, m hel ad fEffsmla erm, let atha noiate rent, Houses,Ran 6,HaleOVllS, Camdn-toBR , hey fordeabouth7 uex rEdxearsutos 10gina,an atI £78 A er annu, Maytbe vie iewedTm ypemssionof he enats.Paricuarsatthe FAuctionGS Mart; at he ffies f Mssr. Der nd uic,Ey-partcle,o Helbrn; of tr. Eighy Besteas ed Beding 10 paisShets excelnglent al Funture, GranPiao, Sissarvigs,clevr Pintngs, anives,furs,Cina,a Silve Epegue,Baske. Bains, and PlatedGoods Gobes Electricn -BM rerofthe. BRev.KEd ardTimrh BE Is raetiring. ec B. TctiomtSE'sLL SELL byO onCTIesay on theS a 2. itoutrneare,o Pthey Staties, oniha Wednesda e Matrch 19,an TETfas abOveUT desTiBLdadInclud,ingeleswadingotes book-en cases, couseahofldrawers,uchimney and piber ginesn, cadrpetsgcrtavings, orengine, lignht, and impleens;fttrcings ofrnaenuhts, Prstabl clock,i and arios itms. layevieed te dap fouran mEr'M,s b f slale. Caalgus &l ech o te reis~Rihmndrod MAt the offce Let.~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~h Phillips, Esq. ~ ~ ail BaJtea,SuRSy-BoOKilias and BtemL byr ourder tofa the ILL Eecutrs, illnectdLit by heUTuO,ontePrmss,TI DA, Mrch FI, ad folwngday FAtI2THe AITIGS drawiins,truentlad French chsinag nmros rice of veryV m Rtichabusts,a marble a pedestalso,portorpi machinea, frviSeQ and-2 twlngiece,uall te houAsehold funietuenofidinin andm dorawingea rooms, numerousr bed rooms, nearly ne wicrpts, chim ney-glasses, age., andnn usefule itmf Maye vewe byordr th 10h Mrch an pubicaanly ontuath and morins o sle,an caalgue hd o teactownees, and,Piocarirom 1~JfESSRS. ROOKS and Ban. hlave rieeied, at1. wthnt esrve onth Prmies,Smihsw Hll thbetioreeON ModRn h etre.Geun ousehold furniture, e.n al ie,mdr nrvns retl Renh.n Worcester chas ornaents,e instrnuclioins dycokbBent,silerplteboroks,elandwie, fCourghtiDutS byblac WAIler, Mntn fourm-dogstreyasodreivr,puic,n HOUSEHOLD PURKL1TUR 1; comprising four-post. French, and other bedsteads, capital bedding, wardrobes, cbeval glasses, and the usual chamnber appendages, loo, card, din,ing, and other tables, square pianfort byBroawoo, diing draingroom, and easy chairs, pier glasss, Eizabehan urniure i hal, Bruselscarpts, damask and othe winow urtans,chin, g andtheumal kitchen requisites, gardenroller &o.. ay be iewed ie daypriorand morning of sale No. 78 Hamltoni-terrace, St. john'e-WOOd.-Excellent Ferniture, Pliano Wino Books, &c., of T. R. Clarke, Esq., deceMased KEEING i instracted by the Execuators to J- LSMby AUCTION, To-morrow, 1arch 13. and following day, at 12 for I, without reserve-,, the whole of tho FURNITURE - on -prising four-poet and other bedsteads and bedding, mahogany 1ward- robes, marble-top washatands, and other bed room furniture: drawing room furniture comprises a brilliant plate chimney-glass, 1.2-light chandelier for wax. lights, winged cheffonier, 683-octave cottage pianoforte, in mahogany case, by Broadwood andl Sons, and other cabinet articles: a set of telescope dinin tables, sideboard, esaritoire bookcase, ., octave cabinetptanoforte, in rosewood case, byBroadlwood, china, glass and kitcheni utensils, garden engine and roller; also a full smerie of plae, ncudig alage alvr n cse ndpair Of massive v stable smisosortueens;about20 dzen o wine(variusi,and about ~0vTs. No. 11, Glooester-squars, Hyde-park-gardens.-Elegant modern Furni-tare, by Messms Gillow, and samall OColar of choice Wines, about 10 UK. ARBEP. is hintructed to SL yACIN LTLTo-morrow, March13, and following day, at l2 forlreIslth truly elegant andmodern FURNITURE, Princpslaly4rrMersGAMf 9w, comprising alhandsome Spanish mahogn uiefrdining room, eon-sisting of sidebon,arepao inin tables, two dinner waggeqs 1 chairs in morocco leather, loW - p and easy do., curc-ains in crimson velvet, and chimney-glass; in e lbrsry capital open bookcoases and libmrar tables, clocks, and pictures ; in i1se drawing rooms, handsome velvet pie apes curtafinsfor three windows in rich 'crimson satin =aakwlu nta in couchzes, ofaa,easy and1ou - g chairs covTered en suite leo and'occasional tables, elegant inlaiTnebinet with ormioulumountn;tlap,valuable mant,el lo andorWnamental items,noble chimney and -pier glasses elegat candelbras. polished fenders and dre-irons; the bed chaLmbers comprise mahogany four-post and Arab-mn bedsteads, with chintz furnitures, superierbods and bedding,wardrsojes, chests of drawers marble-top wa5hstands and fittings., dressing glmass and theusual equisies for the devna prmnt ladm al Eligble Lesehbold Inves tmenas, Bt. Jame?s-s.qumr; and a -DIta - G5ass Farm of 25 acros; and two eA%ldeoees, Harieaden-gr9X"rMd! d seer, R. DA IEEL RONINis instructed byv the F_ex Garraway'k, on Wkedneeday, Xarch28 At12, n four lots, THRIEE um. ~erisR1FIES NCFE, helug?8on., 4. -,,and&8 Charles-strceet st.. 3.1tiwasqureitwoof- thm sebuilt by the testator. held on lease for upwarsof,3riand prod,ucinmte three respective net, improved rent Of I 6S., and £62 s. Also the cepital PEroperty )cnown aGreiiFamwllsituate at Hlarleadenx-green, Harrow.. roadwithtwon Ltillresteace, frm yrd,outbuildings, &c., havlng~sre cmplte rotags o th hihrod,about four miles from teen hed oleae fr 2 yers,at he nnuL rent Of £60 sublet oa ;aaysand ofh auctioneer. 42, Bloomsbuxy-square. Freehold Eetate.-Hligh Laver, near Barlow, Essex, ~f.DANIEL CRONIN will SELLbyAUCT'ION, WLLat Garraway'&. on Wednesday, March 26, At A2 a veraY eligible XREEHOLD BST~ATE, coniasting of a neat douible cottage residlence, with immaediate posseBsion, with garden, out-buildings, forecourt, kc., and two other cottages and blacksmith's shop ; the whole pleasantly situate, and being at 116gh Lever in the count-y of Essex, at the jue,ction of two pirincipal roads, ~%e smaller buildings are let to good tenants, at yearly rents amounting to £15 per annum : and the double cottage is suitable for the occupation of one or two familles. The whole inxcxell'ent repair. Lanid-tax9Os,per annum. Mfayhe viewea, and particular had orn the preaises - of Messrs, Ford aLnd Lloyd, soliMatrk- , lan;otubur-suae ;at ihe Corn Eichaugo Coffeehouse, 3gark-laneinn at -teBicpi u L arlow, Clare, Ogr Sudbury, and El~ping; and of the auctioneer, 42, Bloomsbury-sqaure, London. The 'Upholdeoe Arms, Polsad-street, Oxford-street, near to the 1Princceses Theatre and the Pantheon. AVE. at eeraay's or.Thurda *Marc27. at 1.teLAE o Tro highy improvable FraeTavernis, Public-houses, and Wine-vaults, ew1etropolitan Cattle Market and West Smithfeld, w4ithout thle 11R . )ANiEL CRONIN is instructed by the As- IIsignees of Mr. William Johnaon,6 to SELL by AUCTION, at Garraway's, on Thurs-day, Mlarch 27. at 12, irn two lots, the LEAI, with possession, of the LAMAB INN, situate at the nort-westquAte of the new Market5 heldfronm the city, by custemary lease, for a term of neyer, ro Mdsmme, 85, a te enof =192 ls.per aunum. Als thse apial reise th GergeInn stuate lathe bestpato Whes Smthfield, het-ldfram termi-ofs ander frome Landy-a 18p .a teraent Hrorof £59 3s dTh repetive preises may the vIew410dy Wriortothne-sale TneprtiUlears.otie R(theei; lo t araay aiesrs A hUrCTIO, Sot Gadoayri, solicToursda, Maldrcb, o27. a 2th. Caynauableaq. ofical asinee GO 8,II AifmnT uiAD an of theaoe true- the Sretfod meagnt-clae Pubic-houtrsen RtandWiedti, and SpiitcE,bforh meatBrow-oad Padinton adoinngcomptheio orailway-ridge lIjfR. DA EO~~I is instuctedio onto SELLo by very vluableLEASE nd GOOWILL heTalue ofthes abovertruy thegret agntud wichis t resnt ttcheatoit anOUrdtwhichfo extet ad pofit, i scm-rly eualed y tatno aebny otherihouse withn aconsderble istnce.Thethorugharectheodener42Blycooms noreghbudrhood, thWasne ofaLnypii effecti,e n copetit-honuortewpo- pectof anrry,te remrkaly omforitabe aexnd superior onstiruwitio ofe tePremises areal etue no stmtnoinegueo.hi roet whichAceugestdwthmc cRONfNidece ThELhusbmyA beCvIewed alo at Garrawas of Messe y, Maewboh Evan, and ewnbone lot,citors Wabdrel-lAaced GODWctrL-omos nt podofsthenauctioneer 2 los HOUSE,andgehroomt Win eandeSpltsVut adondng Puthe oue w ingio, Surey,nearly 4 o eaposte enntnln,tgther-wihnth Premses joi ang. ayevewd n way's, s;onfMonday r-Marc nel, at1,mno o,tean ThOUe togpethe with-aulsix ternementkestradtoinin,dh wholsteheld foranuexiedsterm fserl 4uar rs, m at thdenibestatirdceoyn h sb onth premIsEs;a GCRays;OfI Miss Parnetelt andTLn ery AUCTION21, at Garaa'snMonday, March 3I, at 12, the v-aluable LEASE and GOD I4wth Possession, held for aterm of 6th e atraciveand substantial PRO- in thecentreof a densely pa ulated neihburhod an'twadr ny irumsanesmust maintain epreemienc inthetrde f tis oclitif anaedwith adequate activity and ttetion Ma beviewd oe wek piorto the sale, and paxticulrs ad;als atCarawa's;at he ornExchange Cofreehouse, Commercial Sale Rooms, 44. Farringdon-street, one door from Holborm. -Stockt, Utensils, andpurniture IIJISSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AlTC- TIO'N. at their Rooms, as above, THIS DAY, Miarch12, at 12 for 1, 80 dozen MORGAN's COMPOSITES, stone blue, mustard, pickles, paper, 700 lb. packet bla ck lead, 20 dozen Harvey's sauces, 26 dozen finest French shiaving cream; aloa stock of work-boxes, desks, and leather goodis, together with household furniiture, consisting of mahogany bedsteads, sofas, chairs, three sets of Spanishb mahogany diigtables, sideboard, carpets, &c.; also a quantity of bookus,sorn trcs harness, new tore canisters, scoops pulles -stands, kc, B.2 Next Stock- Sale 26th instant. On view morning of sale. Catajonges had at the auctioneers' offies, 11, Hatton-garden. City of London.-Commercial Freehold Plroperty, 72 and 7,:Y Milton- etreet r egtborder of the Mortg-agees, 1,rssRS. GR~EEN and SON wil SELL by ATJC- LLTIOX, wtGtrsre at the Mart, on Wednesday. Aac1.a2frarc, in9tw lats TW or sustn ltiao2 60ckbul FBLREE,i hOL HUSIED, witGDhpo sjituatEan beSing72and 73, pilton-sreet Crid p.lato:et~ to lighly peymirdor of the tenans,e and prarticulasWha Walton theMart;ofoMesrs fbolutehale out.f 600 Shrsin algenuiell Bandhighly potable d om-on Freeholdrmecial Cmpany 'WE SSRS. GREEN and SON will SELL by AUC- TION, ihn rsre at the Mart, on Wednesday, March 19. t1 o 1 nfv at 12s r1 nlt of 20.r(T, 6OUS0 SihARd ligh tolhe lTE sitt nGdOMin Lion-yard, COMPA-nwe , FlOs, per harepad up.g-16i Eaofpices 16EFs- pan isfome lortey-manu-facitureofaig rotbo a rticle ofts atteMrt; at the auctioeer'soffices, 1, Battlen-garden; aendeat their sale room, 44, Fasringdn-strret,dcity forth Casounty.-Villabu Carknwel.lFBali's-pond, andfedmoton EDWINSRS FOGREN an SONL byl SELLbyTIO- TINea them ares, Non2 aWedneau, Marc1, nat2fr 1,ainmefsitve lot, aFREHOD HUS, wth igt Wrksop, sitate audheTin 45, ongally, usory a reeoldHoue ad Traees wSh-tables, nuBe Lion-yrd CloserknelForreodCtas,iEtn-place, Ed-t-qar. moutn; TreeFreeoldbboldngs adecasPeceod alal.Fehl Bulin EaD,WdIrabl adate for L buldn sem-deTache vla or gaeaisPodroaise. May be vioewedrbyleave of thedrespective s~oflictobIs 8, ank-holambers,tmbury Waterthe Bell Inn,iu Edonton;e atM oak',Tottienam atues lth autioneerly offices. 8 atn gade and at therGal aroom us, tr, actedob-street Rcity or H'i aeDwllngy-howand,-urThree cmandiEffecS, o laRd EDI FOXH will SELL by AUCTION,oby Wlte Prdemies 2, St. Maectorfthew'-lace,M Hackney-rad,heIr on Wde Teday, March1,a 12, nat HOa uSeHODriNIUE orhpiaeRSDNE 3 edban sittigerooms alvsomnt includnworew oodprawing 1proomsute Hofse cairs, eSyhitop, sofa,nl ciuaen nWetre andaoccasional tables,batflcalfoity,0 eeant dnsihn wopaith plate-gasts bac aondgarl slab.in -caLeasettagd piaofore and rhosewoh bcase carpetises, Alendersoand, fambrwio me glse,egavngs,. itcHe reqilsites, and m oiisvlaeou SAEffc Or view the day p0rior aid 2,o the monigoft sale. Caaoguesthadet oThe proemises, alnd t Mrepir EndfinmFox's oTies, 41,r oleman-street, thel Caselnis ills. aans,nrntue and Effects, g - JF. EWIN FOXD will SELL by AUCTION, on Suspension-bridgerenwic, on Thursa,Mrh0 t1,neat Ma FU 3NIT atE 12, by order of the Poreo,aot10li fecletBUE HOblDs F NI uRE; comprisig a superior set of miahogany dining tabes,roswoo cochcovered in damask, six sweep-back chairs to match, mahogany star top leo table. Spanishx mahogany dining room chairs large Brussels carpets, 4-post bedsteads, chests of drawers, marble-to p washastands and feather beds, and numerous effects. On viewr the day prior and morning of sae. Catalogues had on the premises and at the office of the auctioneer, 7, Walwvorth-road. Clifton, near Aahbourn, inathe county of Derby.-Valuable Freehold Plroperty, commodious Family Residence uipwards of 10 acres of exceodbinrich Meadow laud, Three Cottages, and Gardens,-By M[r. HOBS, ,at the Green Man Inn, Ashibourn, ou Saturday, April 5, inuthefollowing or such other Ioainas shall be agreed upon at the time of sale, and subject to such conditions as wilibe then produced, (sale to commnenceat4intheafternoon). Loti, LL that cit ital Messuago, situate at Clifton A aforesaid, calle Clifton Hall, erected by Thoma-s Gisbomne, Faq.,aidltinthe E0uton ofV Ptintt; opL etac hall, dining room 2A it. in. by 22 It, 3 in., drawing room 25 ft. by 17 ft. 2 in., breakfast room, library. housekeeyer's room, kitchens, 10 bed rooms, two dressinug rooms, water-closet with force pump, five sPaciousarched. cellars, larder, brewhouso -withx room over the same: stable for two horses, with carriage-house, and other convenient outbuildings;- together with a large walled garden stoekod withi fruit trees The'whole,- including tha site of the bulding, contains 2r. 6p. or thereabouts.. Also, all that Close of super ior Mieadow Land in front of and adjoining the abovepremises. contaimmugbysurvey Sa. 2r. Sip, or thereabouts. This field is washed by a running stream, rendering manureaunneceasaryand acrop always.certain,m Lot 2. Three CoDttages with gardens attached thereto, pleasantly situate at clifton. twco of them being in the respective ocrupations of JohnBarker and Thomas Barker, and one being vacat, lot 3. A Close of exceedingly rich Meadow Lend, separated from lotlI only by the turnpik-e-road, contaiin byadeaurenet G, x. orthreaous,The premises are delghtuly stuae,onemie ed ahaf fomthe Pleasant town of Aebour, btwen tre an for mlesfrm the romantic andeoachaningsceeryof oveale vistedby houand anually); a abort distncefroossastn Mnor Snistn Bll,Okeover, l1ama, Alton Towes, ad nmeros oter obleen'sandgentlemen's seats, neanr leOf Clfo sone of the prettiest andm triednhcoty andthe church, recegntly bulMi ihnashrdsac 6h ansion. Thepresentisafavorbeopruiyfrivsmn,temn sionbenweladaptoforh~oc fafml rfrfetr boarding schooL, or it tettrfigutybecnrednothe substantial dwellings. A etea ucaigtemninadresiding there would have tepii fsnighssntts oa Free Grammar Schoo,Ahom.~eHaeosadOevrhud frequnthmeet in tenihorod ove h rpryapyt John Ba1rKer, on the preissatCitnanfofrheaxcils inquire at the o0Mces of MessFldeeilak,ndinhsoctr, 43,- Craven-street, Strand,LodnortM. bo,auine, AAhbourn, The Remaining Copies of the Oftiial Descriptive and Ilustrmted Clata.r __ogoeof the Great Exhibition of 1851, with other important peWm. cationa. Al[R. HODGSON will-SELL by-AUCTION Lt hig new Rooms, the cmrore *KFlet-street aud Chaneri-laQ, THIS DAY Wednnda), Mrch11, nd olloingdag.-At 12 easch-diw. She reminig CPIE, n lrgeademal apr f the OFFICUL and DESRIITIV CAAlOUE f te GEATEXHIBITION QC mainderof Foure' Thuanal Origrpical Dooictirsam,. i~ v. MRf. HODGSON wfil SELL by AUCTIOXN at his LLnew Rooms, the corner of Fleet-rtret and Chanoeeytlsneon 1hursday, March13 about&0lXlORIGITAL WOOD EIGRA&INS many of large szLe, cnt (at a Tery greatooat) o h itra ie consisting of illustrations of the mnoit remarkal vnsdrn eea years, asweli as histonicaiprints, vie-ws of cte,nbee n ete mnseas,' sisinin subects of natural hitry c.Spcmn may e sen nd &aloueshad. The remabining opies and the 221 Steel IFIstes of the XMaps of the Society for the Diffusgionof useeu Knowledig., - MR. HEODGSON WMl ISELL by AUCTIONS at his LV ne om h onro le-tetand Oba cer-lane, on Friay Mach14,at1, hereminng OPESof the SUCIE=5' NAPS copriing48 ompetecozes f te Atlas, -well boutid; nine copis o th LiraryAtls, 9 cpie of he amiyAtas,10 copies of theCycopedinla, 0 VpieoftheScholAtia. n.The above viewed and cataloguesohad, The law aLnd Miscellaneous :library of the late Sir John titoddart, Kniight, ILl).. Chief Justice of MIalta. liE. ODGSON will SELL by AUCTIOX, at his JLv new Rooms, the corner of Illeetestreet and Chancery-ln,o Saturday, March 15, at half-past 12. the valuable LIBMrARYf t-he late Sir John Stoddait, Kngt, LI,D., Chief Justice of Malta, beingc works on Civilaud Coonia Lw, Politics,rPoliticaYEconomy,:llistory, Classics, and MiscellaneousLitereture. Among others are -in folio. Cuiaci 11 vl3. ;Gothofredi Corpus Juris Civilis, S volk, ;' Naldi uopus 3=uis'Canouiri 3 vTos.; HEculanenaium Voluminunsi, plates, C.in 4to.;, Etnhead's Statutes, wilth Continuation3,19 vo1a4 Iiualdo G.1Antichita ItaL-ahe 5 vols.. ini Svoe and-Viownte (EL QT) (Euyree Se.several hundred plates, 1.2 ToLs,. - brummond's Origizesm 4 vols.; Dibdin's Northern Tour, 2 vein, 3?l'li,ii Historia NXaturalisa, 13 vots,, larg paer; nd he work ofDonat, aviny,Delaincougi., 1,ecre, andothr minnt sierson ivla. T w ich isadded1-he Law Librry f asolcitr, dceaed,remvedfrom College-hin, being a seris o th moem epors i th Cortsof Exchequer, Chancery, Quee's Bnch,&c. ompltetohe pesen ti e; seulbooks of re'ernce &., n xcelet cndtio. o b ve-wd.and catalogueshad. Valuable Books, IlluminAted Misala, Ae.-TheTlbraryof a ClergyIan, deceased, and anothier Collection. IFR. HOD)GSON wil SELL by AUCTION, at hio AlU. new Rooms, the corner of Fleet xtret and Chancery-la% neee Monday, M,arch 17, an d three following days, at half-past 12, a valuable COL-LECTION of BOOKS, in all classes of literature, iDcluding the Library of a Clergyman, from the went of England, n nte olc tion from thecoDuntry. Amoing them are, in follo :-Taylor's Hebrew f3oncordance, 2 vols,; Poli Syno psi Critirornm 5 volt., two copjes Baronil et Rtaynaldi Annales Ecclesiastici, 21 voets; S. Bernardi Opera. 3 vols.; Finden's Royal Gallen' of British Art, 55 ?lates;-Wyatville Wmidser Castie, 45plates; Boy's ,odou.as it is, 2I plslaC; mlrke's Illustrations to Shaksepeare, 95 plates, &c. In quarta-Iricycopsdia Metropolitana, 219 yola.; Blomefield and rarklnl Norfolk, --with additional plates, fi vols.; GxoWse Antiquities, 8 vols.; ToWds.Tohnson's. Dictionary, 3 vols., Ac. In octave, kc,-Chalmers's Biographical Dictiona~ry, 32 vols.; Beauties of England and Wales, 2Svolik: another cop, tnaditona pate; nohercoy,large pa. Universea Histry.65 yu,;Genlema's agane, Sa ols.; Sctt's Novels, Proe Wrks an Lie, 6 vlt. Alscos Erope, 10 re,,1; Lanes6 Aomrabiawights 3 vet, Bilant e2teniv colectio of aerronWanotcher b Vuiumy, o M5cCabde,t centuries, andth erlyeainte minatures, Three quier egt to ridek addvean fct-On View. MESSRS. DEBENHA3I, STORR, andl SON wil LLSELL, at their Rooms, King-street. Covent-garden. To-morAY, dythe 12th inst., at 11E, ha valu,abdle EGUo LATO= cyWebstr wtatehea. byArnoldafeii nd Den, raud,Webstoer,sarknson anderodmham, and SilveROWNw TOE and SON arwitute oSE Llb ,[V ASELL, at their Room,Kng-treet Covenst-gardent. To-mourroay, ther3h inst, ShnirVe, SheOCeld andEteCtr PAE,Y ocks,1r waoherum odriaper,a few diamons,ey rnshapis,lroce, and other oprapets,tan sudyl Ablebitems. Abonsuae altn B ACON a tei Rom, 5.Foe-tret ACty nTIursdaon of dapey, slks hoiery shwls,andoth raproert. -trlnsq, Ho.coluitr,bion- eti Albioonsurte, Dalaturn. Tw-adv c 7Aj_Rj IEEAWSMGTSi -SELLJ tM by AUCTIO, o dao-re M-arch14eat ,eth SoCn ofdy.Mrc a tPII2NforLLEJthan ustalescrKipion ofUNsIsTingEo fraeddig cagravins gafters,aneee, a6 octadell Herring, pianbyTheroba,inglts, maplfe, andturoseadoodamprnts in itolo, fxue and fu ttigoo s. Mayibe viewed, jand cataloges -heland thfall previowTus aa,atr2 and morning of sale., an a-loa3h( H'ousehlid Furniturre, aie Pimianofort.xures,l Twomltdder, Ctac. ,iELLison-goveriaofrytboe, ond Efectsy,Mr. 3t 2fr1 h usul eseRSio LfURKNGRE a ding caRpTs, glasses rec.,iaved otvcainetutpians o byI ebays AUCIN few pitures abdov mnmeont ites,fiturs ndfitins,oatc des, t ae mangle, wfhee and E allD twolon lddes, cafolhards,me. chaff-cuttrooandit corntruier On viw Thrsda, afer2, anddmring, ciofnae, gand ataoguaes ntal NoPr Wido-trae PimbecoadHon tell Furnmitue, n Cottage Poe Fxiane,Soforteo Goe, and Effects. instRutOnsRTo SELLb wAUCIN onEth atovPheises R oo St rday t MaLrch oough-istr, tt1, the whole o the; HOUSEH31 or 1 FURNmFITXTUE;Eincludinginhandsomewdrawingn room siuit,cttain piaofote,nealy ew,clen hldig, himey-lases, orbnatbm enta ites, nd umeousnifulmisellneo efeta'l rs,Ons view othetda prcein. whn atloue cAn beado them el peisesandioat tho offices ofOX o the autoerP4,Ocadsremss ,Chrhteet, Penansrure Moden Frniure Stolsof Grcer an EffIEcts. E Gret Mrlbrouh-sree, o Modayrawrch1, aoute mefo moder URITUR, comrisig a O neo drawinge roo sutei gren dmas,b, crd,occsioal,andothe tabes,uc chnets,chme anirgass ideords, gsatsofdhimningtales,Bre el adote robs, hets f rawrs bainstads drssng abe,chnmabe glss Shortditchnd.rn OnAew hisDa DAY hasT morow.eivedainstretu Chelsea o D. AIl L Ik WiSLTby AUCTION, ontePeie,a,Cuc-tet, Shore ditchm, 5, lan-tre, To-morrow (hrdy, March:13, at 12,wtoteer, com-1 prsng thbe SoCK Utdernsis and gextuesl inU Trade ofURa CHY1MI and RUGGST;consstin ofwideandnarrow romouthedpottls dnas, ho botls. yrp dtto jrs,net o gdawes oomner scalestao aNdo ght, plesteander-sreet , Wegas-tirnegs.k On view-the moarng oa saen, Catalogets hadonztes premies;under of thle au-'xcutioner City terae.CiyRoa.W LSO D nac.wn ostvl ' EDWIWME ilSL by AUCTION,orFrdyMac 4at1frlth UL IUnREserfedly atov thezPbidnBcSaeBom s,dn Arabiahnpsandteu-petr withut, HIS AY. archthe 2th,ats1 furble-tprecsel,severa consstig o flcks satns,dams an oteffrsdin some2of otherme excellentoksmarble and stnechmeypics. ViEfew aypto admon M E~ ~ ~ wl EL yAUCTION, at N. S.Jl-oa,rxtnod erthes Wnite Horse Sloanesrt, To-morrow. Marc 13, at 12 for1byodr of and EFFecutos, omprisingdinin d drawing,andbedG rDOM appoint mens, hoie pintngsandprits,chia,elas, n ornaentalg stemsn spledid inge an therwardobeswit glas doors, caheaso gupasovr, amraingroomsuitheOinvesvt loe card,li andothny(eartales coces. mtbeasy chirs en. Brsis,ol c larpetsad Wrug, Pedesandb firea. irons, aTfwo bonzes china, gls,adktceeuste. tlge Maybe hAUatOth rooms, ratBor,23,Caoeylne o o.DG, Aleandroerstre, W,heetpede-parkdebHarrow-road,tnelars the toables Oak, Bay15 aten-Capitale Fuhrnieture Piaole, 1uh radtulip. wabed chabinets, r.sonzes,Ac., undr Bilo SaleUes andra ~excellutfo MESSRS. WELSFORD ~ ~and 7Co. an wil o4ft, ivex ETTURE f the aove reidence;compriing Arbia70n and fur-post bedsead, bds, ndbddig,wnl:ewsrrob pl atbedtwine cocaedn sae SCRlous. JONtepeiES and. B OfA theauciverecs 5 ewv Chuchstreeiost,dewr-od andM 15.UTIN Quen's-oad Bzayiewastar.e wholn-oa-edofrth suprnio DerHushl umture, cotv CtaePa o,mafe MESSES. PRICE and CL~and otlh~er Lb JJL ACTIO, at o.2,St. ohn'sroad Britonrad,ng h couch andes chir bokae iepofio ae. aep,oprn. ~es,nd te whle o theeffof thf1 th ge rvns ofices, kc,. h= t eviewed by cards any time before the Wae, and the fur-' niturethe day preceding and morningzof sale~. Catalogues tobe had, on the premises; and of Mess-s.,Tones andBonarnm, at their offices, 31 anudl.2, Leicester-street. Letoestursquare, This Evening, at 6.-'Useful Household Furniture, Prints, Bo0oks, lare- qonatIty of P'lated GooDs, framed aud glazed Engravings, and gele~s-al Miscellaeous Propry EIBSSESI fON adBONHAM wfi SELL by- ACTON, at their grea, Rooms, II and 12. Telesber-street,, THIS EVEN'ING, at 6 to the miinute, useful HOUSEHOLD FUR-- NITUE, ith iscllaeousaffcts an rins,drawings, books, large' fraed nd lard egraing,- arg quntiy o plated, Voods, billiardboad, nd wo upeieriro chsts an a arityof useful and miscellaneus roprty Tomenow,atto sme-our, the Household Fuirnitre,carets glsse, psnoortt, nd llthe general requisites for- Timber Sale.-At Garrsaways, on Rriday, Marzch14, at 1 precisely, for account of the importerm 1IG~HT Hundred Los,ds Baltic and Colonial Timber5, E MO 12,00 piece ditto deals and hatteuso, 37,0 pIee- ditto staves, wih ass,ishwod ndoterwod oos,SM x-NantI MASON. Brokers, St. Peter's-chambers, St. Petmers-alley, Co-uhill 'At the London Commercial Sale -Rooms, Mrincing-lanIe, To-morrow, Marchl3, at12 forl precisely THE fllowig Wins and Spirits :-140 Pies 11 Iad, ad Squatercass Rd Prt-20 butts, 25 hhii,a,~ cli5~i5br5id5Pinceon ~~d~s- ~bhhti. and S quarter Jaac u;30 oases Chainagg Figer, Msfen Ll'hn,Ac,Patiulas ndcatalogues of JOM , At BDOTH's Wwareouse, 21, Btudge-row, To-morrow, March 13, at 2 precisely, on acouornt of uchom it may concern, TWO undrd ad Fity bltsSail Canvas, lOG waggn cvers tw ton rois, wo Donsser rope andl hawnram, Porar hetin, cco matig, ~0 oo mas,300 pai blankets. 2,00 braandamet bgs,25,00 aresfac ac,W 20dornindia-r-ubber and ottn baees 10 doen hampgnen bnd,one.ton cot blankets. 100wok bxe an dsks -Maybevieedtwodays prior, and cativ.
