DEATHS. On the 1fth of Apa IMt bt Melbourme, Vctiovloa Jamej Simpeon, On the 13th or l4th of MaU,, maaered, suppooed by Yllage-s, on bia wd to MWe't afwer e,^ Dg from Delhi, 2d Manel Angelo -e1 Pith Con TinanrY In his lith Year recond and 3o ngel son of the late Colonel tAohara Angelo, leth BJ9. h1aZ;;:o`rrM`erJy Corn. matdant of the Delhi Baio Guard. On the 12th o' June Iint, betoe Delhi' while gallantly leadig hiI iket toreT I the asAult Of the rebel asrmyon the Tower Batteuy WItga P- V. J. Knox, of Err Maleaty's toh Regt. tb e Wus sotbrough the head, but hs dsyoeion, * d ttat of h men. e d the hank ot be BrStish hne from being turnod. On Monday. the 15-h OS June, murdered (atGOaor) In the mutit inf the Sseo itep. GehsBor,sge W. Otor)lSnte A.& KLO.'s onhap. znansdsrs^ely b tweleernonth, June 14, 1 icar esoaped WltO Othr_b hdleato.&gra, ,,.^ d lie ohe em tjte am len. at Hawiax, Noeas otia, rdith aomline, aged ' itfant dauhter o Deput Commas 3eerel Wetr. d Ou the d oh lnnt,, t Oeeenbook. HorMdM, bary Dorothe,, widoW of the late Ylo&A2,iral Boyles. and eldtestdaughter of tsa late optwen James Hawker, EN41., aged 93. On Pridar, the 21at met., at 36, De1onabire-etree oladlae Geme Hncck,Bi., at ofPozBambay.o On te a2d Inst. at Workso, NoW6; Zranoft Houtly, In her 83d PW.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~3 On the, 2241inet, at Yelixtow, Suffolk. Mmre Ann Whitmnore of Grove Roue, the Groe. South Lambeth, Londot,, aged 46. Oa Saturday, the 224 iat., at Tigumoutb, from a efum roke, whie bathing, Fgandxg AntLug Btemean &q.. fouth, som ot %he ILao IL T. Bateman, Ea., of ' tton Hallb, Deabsuhie and Bilaove Riouse. Wella, Somerseot. On the 2Zd nut, Robert Henderon Boberson, Eq., of 26, Berkeley Sqwuar, aged O89. on the P24 la * at his onhoo, 8, 8omergetle,, Bath, Daniel Cabanel, Esq., Ia the 95th year of his age. On the 24 enst.. at 23. Bl et-tt DublAnnie the beloTed wife of &te3riek bhAW RtalnrtfrO FeQ., Of 518. Aman=dtey-entle and only daughter of the late Colosel John Lewis Stuart, of the HRom Pao India Oomanoans 8"tiOyl On the 224 mnAt, at llfraoombe, B. Nicholls,A.ofebyCut Tiverton, late ot the LieUq., of rhby Co On Sunday, the 234 inat.. at Jamiesteeraoee NewwothHesuotn~, 1e Catherie Sisanna Bithyy, in toe Slt year of her age Oa the 23 lust., at the Admiralt House, Sheeness 2i Anwe of Vlos,&dmjzaI Harvy, Oomannaner-In.Ottief, In her 59th year. On te b 234 ist., at St, Albaa'n, Hertz, Richard William Brabant. 3kq., la Med8thJewr. On the R4th lnat., at 12, Onalow ce=Bronpton, Alloe Heap, second eLbd of r,.0. Wohllaon, &Q., aged l outhm' On the th In., at Phoenl Lodge, Cheltenbae, Ilent..OoL John Robson Womnumn, late of the 5lat Regt. Bengal Nfattve Tnfatry. On the 25th let,, at Turnhma-irsen. the wifo of W. Rrman, E:3q., On the 25th Inst., at the Rylanda, Eandelok, near Stroud, Mary Jane, scond daughter of the latce Rev. Edward Power, M.A., of Atlertstone. On thI 2Met bet, Pmily Hendrie, the youngest sad beloved child of laIr. Jr.ues Frazer. Lea-bridge.road, Leytoo, IFrex, aged 1j l ear. On the 18th InEt., at Blndield.hooae, Southt Lamibth, Georrge Joes. than, ean of the late George Story, 1eq., ot Sboko Newington, Middle. seL aged 28. On the 25th lnat., aSt Ls realdenoe, Ohobbam, Suzrry, John Sex, Eq., aged 67. On the 25th bat, at hle residenoe, Olarence Villas, Hlakney, John ti1e. Xsei, aged lb. On the 2tthlnt., at Cbarmbnter, Dorase the Rev. Iforgan Derenlah, ALA., much and desrevedJ,lam.ented, aged 37. On th:e 25th loat., at B3rrgbtou, Sophia, daughter of the late WMn Hurse, E Sq., of Pinner6 )Mddeex anoerely regretted. On the 25th Inst., at Stainee, Thomaz UwinA, 1.A., Surveyor of Ictua to the (ueen, &O., aged 75. On t thp26 inst., atTanbrldge-welle Frances MeYlerCollett, vidow of the Rev. Ifobert Oollett, Into of Westeatam, RKent. On the X6th lnst, at Bwift' Rouae OB ou, the DowaterLy Peyton, aged 83,yesars On the 26th inast at 25, Oseet texr*ee Baewater, Ann Eloock Waltotn. late of Ilarbadoee, aged 50. On the 5th bat. at big realdenoe Charles Ping, eq., of Upper Tooting, sad 3, Great Kn-igbt Ryder-.at,et Dotoreominous, In the Mlt yeVr of his age, deeply regretted. On the 16th inst. . WllWam Lowe, of the lirm o' Wateon, owe, sod Belt. Olod Bond-skeet, On the 28th inet., at Croydon, universally be'nved an regretted, P. EL Ttonauw, &q., aged 83 Secretax of thie ublic Recnoa Departmnent, and for 31 ieuan aithful and deoted-eran o th ovrmet
ArONEY-MARq?T-Glao= illoTILITGANOB. :Thursday Evsx4ng. Ihe Indian newns this morning, although of a phyful character from its contirmation of the inassacre of Sir Hugh Wheeler and his small band, together with the 200 women and children they ¶vere protecting in the fort at Cawnpore, produced -no unfavoucable effect upon the funds, the first tranactions in Consols being at the closing priees of aresterday. For a short time there was a tendency to improvement, but ultimately the speculators were disposed to press sales, and a reaction oc. curred of a quarter per cent. Consols for money opened at 90( to J, whence, owing to purchases on the part of the public, they went to 9* to i. There was then a decline to 90i to which was the last official quotation. For the h of September they left off at 90i to J. Bank Stock closed at 214k to 215 ; Reduced, 91; New 'rhree per Cents., 91i; India Stock, 210 to 213; India Bonds, 20s. to 6as. discount; and Exchequerpills, 4s. discount to par. 'The rate for loans on Government securities in the Stock- Exchange remains at 4- per cent. In the ciscount-market the demand was active, and the wplicationa at the Bank have increased. In the foreign stock-market there has been more tivity, at generally formner prices. A smaU advance occurred in Turkish. Brazilian Five per Ce1ts. 'were negotiated at 102; ditto, 1829 and i839, 101; Mexican, 22-; Peruvian Four-and-a-alf per Cents., for the account, 82; Russian Fourand-a-Half per Cents., Small, 99i; Spanish, for Cie account, 4;0; ditto, New Deferred, 25X; ditto Passive, 5j; and the Certificates, 6k, 0, and 6 ; surkish Six per Cents., 94 and i ; ditto for the account, 94k and 95 ; the Four per Cents. GuaranOewd, 99g and J; Venezuela One-and-a-Half per (Cents, 12k; and Belgian Four-and-a-Ealf per Cents., 99. The final quotations of the French Three per Cents, on the Paris Bourse this evening were 67f. for money and 66f. 95c. f.r the account, showing a fractional improvement. A further total of 37,0001 Australian gold was told to the Bank to-day, making an aggregate of *about 360,0001. out of the 510,0001. brought by the Creat Britain. The European mail steamer has brought 50,9771. from Australia, but this will not be received till miext week. The Indian despatchee on the present occasion fail to give any quotation of the price of Governmnent paper, although it would furnish the best -aeans of judging; of the state of feeling of the general population. It appears that a China mail has been received in due course along with those from Bombay and Calcutta, and that the break in the service necesoitated by the loss of the Erin will oocur during the niext fortnight. Al the present mails may be ex*1ected in London on Saturday. The Indian and China exchanges to-day showr no anaterial variation, but such movement as is perceptible is rather in an adverse direction, A favourable decline of about J per cent. has occurred at Bombay, but at Calcutta there has been an advance to that extent. At Shanghai and Rongkong there has also been a fractional advance. As the telegraph, however, reports some extremely heavy transactioins in silk at Shanghai it is satisfactory that the rate has experienced so little alteration. The quantity of bales arrived was 150,000, and the settlements 13,000. Prices were very high. Tea also had been well maintained, but there had been few transactions. Lord Elgin was about to proceed to the Peiho to communicate his arrival toothe Enperor. About 80,0001. in half-imperiala is on its way -rom Russia. This, however, has been under a epecial arrangement, and not from any removal of te general restrictions against the exportation of gold. The rumour at St. Petersburg is that the tGovernment have permitted an eminent firm there to remit this amount to England to counteract the recent heavy fall in the exchange, but for ordinary applicants the difficulty of procuring gold is such that it commands a premium of about 2 per cent. The exchange, which had receded to 37d., has now -ecovered to 37id. The long-expected ukase for reducing the rate of interest on deposits at the banks in St. Petersburg to 3 per cent. had made its appearance, and is to come into operation on the 13th of October, 13th of November, and 13th of January, for the Commercial, Lombard, and Loan Banks respectively. The Australian mails are stil irregular, owing to the colonial agent continuing to despatch them out -of their appointed time, instead of allowing a clear -month to pass to make up for the break originally caused by the loss of the Oneida. The European announced to-dayas having left on the 20th of June ahould have been detained till the 11th of July, and thenceforward the monthly service might have been performed in due course. In consequence of inetructions which will have reached the agent from London it is now assumed that there wiMl be no defarture from the colony in August, that the next steamer will leave on the 11th of September, and -that from that time the departures will be on the 11th of each month, according to the terms of the -contract. In the Australian intelligence to-day it is mentioned that '5 Wetton's offer for the establishment -of a line of steamers between Sydney and Panama has been accepted by the Government of New ,South Wales." Mr. Wetton is understood to be ,the agent of the Royal Mail Steam Company. The sum required from the colonies was 60,0001. per -annum, of which New Zealand had already pledged hmerself to pay one-fourth. By this line Sydney wilL 4njoy the advantage of being the first Australian port of arrival and the last of departure. At a meeting of the Victoria Dock Company to-day, Mr. Charles Morrison in the chair, the report vas unanimously adopted. The chairman stated that by their new Agt the company are empowered to grant leases, raise additional capital to the extent -of 400 0001., let their undertaking for a-period not exceeding sixty years, and to sell the Steelyard estate. By granting building leases, their land wi-D be gradually and permanently improved without risk, or the necessity of using the powers to raise snoney. Two hundred feet of water frontage have already beentakenby theThames GravingDock Comnpany at a rent of 5001. By a condition of the lease to Ieasra. Peto, Betts, and Brassey, security to the amount of 150,0001. is to be furnihed by that firm, and 110,0001. in shares and title deeds has been deposited; for the remaining 40,0001. negotiations are still in progress. In case of a depre-clation in value of these securities Messrs. Peto and Co. may be called upon for an equivalent. The chairman further congratulated the proprietors upon the successful character of their business, and pointed out that at a time when the other dock -companies showed a falling off the tonnage entered In the Victoria Docks increased six per cent., and the number of ships eight per cent., upon the coraresponding period of last year. In conclusion he .appealed to the shareholders to make a provision for alleviating the educational destitution of the disrict in which their property is situated. A sum of 1,152:. has already been subscribed for this purpose by the Boara and officers of the company and a few -of the proprietors. The following deserves attention, as an mustration of the correctness of the remarks recently made with regard to the tone usally adopted by a por-tion of the Liverpool community in the case of peculative failures:- "ffir,-Tho remarks in your City Artcle of this day, zeflecting so severely on the moraut of our Liverpool businaes ommaunit, call for some notice; and I hope, in fair.neo you will not refuse admison to a few w-ords i a,iolder. " Unhappily, of late days eacePadce among the mercantile ajeople have been of too common occurrnce; so much so, *hat we mow seldom hear the high and unimpeachable integriy of the British merchant proclaimed ix the boastfal tona of other times 1' Unhappily, also, withln the clty of London, during the feu' peat monus, we bave beheld the appalling spectacle of aumaroUs member of yoar own oommercl body,-many dfitingpIed for ther soial virtue, tbelirpoltlcal spirit, and religious anctity, saddenly umask rnd draged from their high pogitions to be oAgt into the felon'e cel-nd all theme notorioms crmiran were congregated ithi 4a crcular mile of Printing-house-square. "lash you, therefore iz it decent for you as a publio bwosr to publish remariX so derogatory to the oharacter of Xiverpool mcrobani writing, ayo do, from so bad a omagiorbood c6 your owrn. " If oe point at us for an eoaonal csympathy with thLe 'aedmrve0d andofhi honourable tall of an establishment I&MO, may wo not justy trtb dirsoMng your attnion o e remarkble expriao by lately departed ship fog *p cn A colonin of Ibe sfodling benkm, frgers, and .etr conm&zoie l mwin , mn a London alone eould evWly, am an exaraple and a warnng to the world ? no oncfnion,I}beg* say tbat nine-tooths of yosmr re- on IlnsPool affairs a gonenlly ridelouS oxaggbMtUMs. I am, Air, your very obedtui servant. "' A LIV3EPOOL BROKER, "Lverpol, Aug. 24." Li the morality of this witer to be acepted a4 the Liverpool codd T ,jnstead of beiug, thankful for each dpnunciation ambling delrquencies, come from what quarter . may, he complains of L,n.. doners uttering a word re'_nrding anything that may happen iu Liverpool, becausG Londbn itself cannot boast of purity. His doctrine is, not that every well-wisher to the legitimate trader should help to expose and condemn " the .escapoe4d of mercantile people" whenever or wherever they may happen, but that no one having any regard for decency should aay a word upoa the subject until it can be proved that he residesin some partof the unitedkingdom where such events never happen. A more plausible mode of insuring immunity for wrongdoers was never devised, and the Liverpool people may at all events be proud of the ingenuity of their spokesmnan. The remaining clauses of his letter, how ever, scarcely harmonize wi th the acuteness of its commencement, since, with a simplicity that seems to denote an origin from the opposite side of the Irish Channel, he retorts upon the Londoners, who charge the Liverpool people with sympathy for speculative insolvents, by pointing to the penal fate lately inflicted by the Londoners on Sir John Paul, Redpath, Robson, Saward, and others. His concluding sentence is also unwise, as it admits of a plain question being asked in reply. The remndrks of The Times on Liverpool affairs are, he says, generally ridiculous exaggerations. WiU he mention an instance, or is the assertion of " A Liverpool Broker" to be held to settle the question? During the last ten years the only Liverpool cases prominently referred to by The Tiimes have been those of Mr. Oliver, Mr. '.Henry, and Ar, Doherty, and the tampering with the barometer on the :xchange in order to produce a rise in corn. Does the " Liverpool Broker" refer to any of these? It is true that in the case of iMr. Oliver some of the leading merchants of Liverpool affixed a declaratioa on 'Change to the effect that The Times' announcement w.ith regard to that gentleman was a ridiculous exaggeration, but, asit subsequently turned out that the failure was one of the most ruinous on record, and that even the testimonial of plate gratefully offered to Mr. Oliver by his admiring townspeople had long been pawned to assist in carryin on his operations, it cannot be supposed that this is intended to be referred to. Neither can it be the case of Mr. MlI'Henry, although at that period one of the Liverpool papers intimated that The Times' announcenient of the disaster was merely another instance of the antagonism of London to LiverpooL With regard to Mr. Doherty nothing need be said, since theLiverpool papers of this day report the commencement of an inquiry into the proceedings of that gentleman before the town magistrates. There merely remains the charge regarding the barometer. Here, as in the case of Mr. Oliver, the statements of The Times were vehemently contradicted, but an inquiry subsequently took place and resulted in its being considered necessary to put a padlock on the instrument,which in that protected state became for some time an object of local curiosity. Consequently, it is not this to which the " Liverpool B3roker"' refers. As he writes in the interests of usticehe will, however, doubtless lose no time in endeavour ing to corroborate his assertion. Meanwhile he must be informed that, as The Times never makes any commercial statements with regard to Liverpool, except such as may proceed from its most influential residents, he will prove too much as far as bis own argument is concerned if he can show that these even are not to be relied upon. It will also be well for him to remember that there has never been any pretence that London is more exemnpt than Liverpool from commereial delinquencies. The only regret is that when such events occur there Is always in Liverpool a certain party ready to meet them by a Biat deniaL. It r head-quartr maey easily be conjectured. " If," wmtes one of the most honourable and intelligent men among the Liverpool merchants, in a communication received yesterday, " you could sweep the lIAverpool Stock Exchange from the face of the earth you would indeed be a public benefactor. All the evis which have thrown such diseredit upon the place have their origin there." This, of course, is a figure of speeeb, the regular stock transactionB of the place being conducted with as much good faith as those of the metropolis ; but it suggests a quarter where a small minority may be tound capable ot working a very considerable amount of mischief.
TBRADB? BEPOT. Thursday Evening SUIOAR.-The market is very flat to-day, and nearly the whole of the various public sales of Cuba muscovado were withdrawn. Of West India 454 bhIds. have been disposed of, and privately a floating cargo of casem brown Bahla, at 32s, per owt., fully insured for London. COFFEE.-Plantation Ceylon sold at very full rate&-117 casks and 280 barrels and bags, at 73s. 6d. ; 79s. for fine fine oidinay to middling bright colory; 200 bags native Ceylon, good ordinary, brought 63a. per cwt. Ricm.-1,364 bags middling white Bengal were disposed of at asotion at fls. 3d., and a small pile, rather superior, at lls. 6d. per owt. Privately, two cargoes Necranzie are reported sold, one, 1,060 tons, at 10s. 9d., and the other, 600 tons, lOs. 10d. SALTPETRE.-250 bags Bengal sold at 50s., 25 e cenh refraction. Several small parcels have changed hands privately yesterday and t-day; prices were irregular, but 300 bags f per cent. realised 55s., with a short prompt and for arrival; the quotation is from 54s. to 55s. per cwt. TAI,tow.-The market has been firmer to-day- at the close 62s. 6d. is paid on the spot and for September, and 60s. for the last three months' delivery.
YORKSzIB.E ELZOIGOl Ex2iS2s.-Tbe eleetion expenses for the Easb Riding and for the boroughs of York and Scarborough have recently been published, and present some intereating items. In the East Riding there was no contest, Lord Hotham and Admiral Duaconabe being re-elected without opposition. The total expenses were 3961. 17s. lOd., of which 1871. 14s. 7d. were for " general expeuses," including 1051. for " election agent's fee; and 2091. 3s. 3d. for '- district expenses," including five solicitors fees at 15t. 15s. and four at 10. lOs. At the York election there was a contest. the candidates being Mr. Westhead, Mr. Smytb, and Mr. Lewin, and the total expenses vere 1,5621. 3s. 4d.-viz., Mr. Westhead, 5691. 14s. 7d. Mr. Sreytb, 615l. s. Uld. and hlr. Lewin, 3761. 18s. 10d. The expenses of Mr. W'esthead Included 2061. 2. 3d. for ", rinting and staves," 551. 18s 7d. for "committee-rooms,' 40!. 3. 6d. for "snessengers" (the sums paid varyng froma 5s. to 11. 18s.) 331. 129. lor " oil *gents," 42. 1,8g. for "poll clerIs." &c., 29!. 1. for "carrs," 521. lOs. for "central committee-room, White SWan," and 1. OS. for " traveOllngepnses of out voters." The expenses of Mr. Sinyth included 10l .0ls 4d. for "committee-room and,nesesgerse " 54!. Os. od for ' "in6ectors booth agents, and district secrehrles; 183. 5s, 6d. for " check clerks," 314 for "esrrlagee," 60! for 4 ceal coemmittee-roons, Harker's Hotel," and reve; law agents at U!. 11. each. Mr. Lewin's expenses incladed 56!. Us. 6d. for bill posters and messengers, the itemd varying from 5s. to 11., 89!. 98. 6d. for " agent's clerks," &C., 261. 4s. 6d. for " sundries," 17l. is. for ". cb,s," 91.13B 6d. for "refreshmentsstpo.l-booths," and 453.13s.6d. for " committee-rooms." A bil was albo rnt in amounting to 3!. 4s. 6d. for "committeeroom, dinner to 23 men, gin, brandy, ale, and. broken glae," at the M alt Shovel, but the agent only admItted liability to the amount of 1!. Is. The Scarborough election was conted, the candidatex being Sir John Johnstone, Earl: Muigrve, and Dr. Bayford. Mr. Thomas Moore was also a caedldate before the election, and his "'expene" "a put down at 244 13s. 7d. Bxclosuive of Mr. Moore' expanses the total expenaee of the election were 7v8l. 1&. 6.-nz Johu stone 3121. 10s. 3d. (including 861. Is. for law and other agents, 324 18s. for coach hdre, 181. e. for travell;ng expenses of voters, and 31!. 3B. lOd. for inspectors, check clerks, &e.); Mulgrazve, 1861. 14s. 4d. (including 25g. for law agent, 141. for coach hire, 201. -9s. for travelling expensss of voters, and 16!. tor ipcoorc, check dlerkb ) ;. and Bayford, 286!. ls. l0^d. which in¢luded 791. Is. 9d for lawr agent, 1U, 10s. for coach hire, and 10. 8&. for in. est. The expenses for the otheradivisions and boroughs ot YorkhEire have not yet been published. Mzwcrsor.- Asrs or Dxowiro.-A few days *go a gentleman named Batenan, who wa ing w h ramily at Tolgumonih, wiat to batheith £ re He waw a god wimmer, ani swam a oonusdeable diaace from the xhore. He was,seisdd with oainp and Irmediately reiod eut for sole6sa" . Throe men oeura4o.nay swaa met tohhim, but they wee e lt tb savehis life. At Bade Hayes,, on lMnday, a you,g genttoinse nmed dBraY, from Lounest.on, wrcnt out to bathe witha a friend; he alo was seized with cramp, and before asssahnce could be rendote he was carried a,way by the under current, and his3 bodtb.a not Zet been reqo'rePbd,
RAiLWA: AN1I.NI.N6t TJaidA.vening. The railway-market h P' been, firm, :apd am most of the specllative descriptI qD8 anA dvanne ias taker place, especially in LNorth.E3t st'okh. L6ndon and Blackwall slightly declined' ` elon, GeelonRg, and Melbourne, and Canadiat 4htarei improvedz; in some of the smaller soris' of India:m1 there was.* reducetiol. In foreign shares, Etstern of France and West Flhnd4rs were-rather lower. Tho-lucfuations in mines were rather lumerous; Soprdge South Caradon, Wheal Edweard, and Cobre leaving off at an improvement; while* Alfred, Great Whe31 SAlfred, South Wheal Frances, and Wheal lay Ann receded. Ottoman B3nk' advanced,, anAd a fall took place in Bank of Egypt, English, Scottish and Australian, and London Ohartered Bank o Australia. in nmiscellaneous securities,, a reduction occurred in N$orth of Europe Steam. OnDWAnY SHAEF. AD 5>OfK&s
CoaisxxTr oF COoTAGIoo .-The great mortaliWt inncourt and alleys Is mada to suggest a diminution of lfo thatdoes not really take place in the ihanslons of the lich. WeR, but it does sometimes. Dr. Draitt is the meadlar cficerothealth for St. George's6Hxnover-xqusre. Smdapox appeared in bis district. One O, the places in which it appewAd was the roonr of a 1ourneymn wh-1in thThs room, varround4d by his siek ehildren--.wsar inking coits for the cuatom9rs of A,ihi sabe 4lor i n fashion3ble street. Another s the room o6f a auiidrees, emi pioyed in getting up gebtern n&L whiteties. iAnother was inhabited by the family ot an uppez seryaut In i house in Berkeley-square. That s ~a broad hint to tho sefiah' butj Xo knows we are fiat selhsh as a iiople in this matt6r. .-Wben tw are jtold :thai flD1wtthe whe* th l hi grolnd secures llght,d air, where. moneR sesures all the wints of WI6, and where the oopulaiios. is but at the rate of one peron in one acre, there died last- yer oly 13 rsons in l,QOO, two of them children, and not one from preventible disease; while in Peokhan -to go no her-' 1heredte4 In 1,$00, we do notfail to see theinfluence o} a man' d - ling-place onthe durAtion of Idsllfe. We are. nqt blind to theanibg of a cotnparinbn *like thbiliewetn tieighbour and neighbour. Between -Hvnover-sqnxro and Hyde-park are tjhe 137 house of Lower and Upper Brook-stree6 be: dea 13 manions t the zorthb t G vr"opo-xguare. The deaths,in them all between the 1st of Apri. lastjear andth6 sab date this 'year were niie. Sh. phdP,ourt,.in 'Upper Brook-street,-contalinE nnehsouses: and,-there were is musay deaths in thos houealona. e lassoe more of these comparions, hdich carry tbeir n lemon *ith them tbo'diAtnoly, *nA apeAl too, eiily t4ur he.rk to noed enforceament,. In thl We4-.W&;& 3.. the deaths are at the iate of 32 Jbi eyery- 1,000; In the Centre Wir', which Is n6t muen li- densely esovded there die out of the 1,000 only 2L ~.'A rmodroil offloere} Hiath for il.-vnd, Mr. Preens leaks for. the iaute of this ezoemia' daAtieiiocuef life i bin Wwt -' awu inds ihat it takes pla i*n a nowfewn.irblohl-bprung up during the lus few yarS at tho roar of Ca TayeH*, inistnias cilled the Modemw*Ul Mite. Thed hoem form a main pert of the ward; they ka loen inhabited oereral years, yet the road wore not mAde np, sld the ditict was =ndrmined. tindec reoent lmws the drainage of a anew street is made before houses are builtk Isteado after. -DIxG'e Lu&3dwk Wford,,,
I .. , J . _D, II - - -- - : I- - iX-ading 14,t'j!I Sdg,por mkx- I,o rttt extent eeohninulraceeD + - the h*tt,ndanrce atoiig netek.t £bemofnqing WM1flY3 . -? rld6r Lilwty at re4.ucttI nt ;2 P*er Oag/okm Ut1Oat9byxtLte teL . B8&^WOrrthezcec , , , ,tGlwsUrmwrket.,ma txet2-A kind tkSeo whe wv oliiM A decUln of U. per qnewter: *t * ber, the tzee do, tdiliy. ~nSeitedle ain.. ;be%new gatJ'I04L to2e. pqasti * lS.X eLaeAse.OM ograther deaeq. Bene Sed e2pluwrd. ' ~Drig thopr ew;pt vei,rrw branaclioni xre repo n fi bn)eu bddog l, to04 per -qnaixer ki. tban preiio ?tea wt vibcheewle'a wodLv pV. O.basles. O . *Dif tDm tete Uv)er or the zner < - At W' lee h3anpsoa ,Seat.eta Ulibra WM &!iIZ EflpS tyO hti * - deser;ptlons were 3a to 4s p r quarter loere. midhe milhes r -eG~ thle etlafipce :*r1 & e& perVack.- 2 At thie daye uxraret Caere waa Tal nipDliyol whe, ebefy of #e flewrcop, wIdth was to'. reblnlatlg at * dwtnle of1s Z ob qssat:tr. Bdere unal±ersdIu r alue. bat le8 in reqaeet. Oat th dearer. &aa 4anced 1v Pr Qarte. Hhgberpdces couldiot be obtaIed fo peas. The ejlert lowrered the rttil prtc . oufrs. I ICE~~~KWARIr, AtoG. 27, !FThe wether hms b!e exowadly ce duienr tehvweek. sng list felds are beig rapidly cleared, tue woea seing In meh It ter qoou& tlens thanl con ho.e bse espe dledatua Ie 2~soej Dudtng the lat tea d.ys tee greatest actifi7 h'a Peerjiieog S farmers,, aud the woenatr douriug wwhole of that 4irasavlD besm $DItb%t cOuldl be dedrd, the harrast beg eompletdanderdcan lcl stanzespmch 'u o fasouerb e thi an the mot Bzaiugate 01dexpast the grain bengotiniu exceNent condition. Renlev a de5len crop. TLe psnau s.er. vere. 1luxuisnt, *ud there ihnowrfeite of sraeo Lug catle. Tarre are cumplata of the poio disease ahbeing liseitf inestersl di tricts. At this coru e.esuge wheatwazaiisoderate aip and 4. to Si. perquarterchea..rthan t week. aoe hiea o l at ft. and red 6:'r. per qiiirte- gh prioEs were asked fx er fne quaitties for tattiug batXnsaeue4 aD its. O.AS R9 U A&ed1t0ehr value. labeaDtt sew rnochange. PFis:"W71te *laat,e to 6,; red, 60s. to 6: nating brey. 4 to5Os. grindng ditbo& 355L, tod 66.;otos. 3l b to SS ; bmus 43Lgto52e.; p*a, 46. to Ae.; MA%t TIe, to ieN. per quarter BRtBTOI5 Aria, 27. After another week bt splendlil weatber oar nmiA to-diy wa Tery bearl for liaghsh wbheet, and millM, weretmilling bansrzAt adclbas of 4s. to Is. per q:urter ou lass ThunddAys pies; Ifraiga takeaiiL re til at 2s. to 5-toe qusrter lees oo. F.loar. S ler _ ack lower. Malting barley nchAugsd ; gindiug offered at I&= qua rter redoiationa wthoul iildig buar 0ats Iuaeisl demanaesotiot GL0CZ5TZ11, AUG. 26. The weatler has clutioned of an almost unpreaettedly brhi t charactera, lndthe itherlg oftarestntiditict i early omtnlutdd Wihst is geewraly of superior Quatyanind beavy wei4ht, oSsay samples brought forrwad averaging 6i5b. per lspelal buser tificieut quantiutsof besley hvYe zol aper,aaedto enable .a 'ust t to be meare ot ito ua;tini espabilt i " its Olur, towever, is Is sorted as bright. Beaus are gor. iu quat hut not aeary crop Withetew in lwhtArteat we areal oibe ibsrdly supnpB-l, and durian the pist fortuitot prices buse givern ire ga&Tbael4 waoite Ienenel to neeythe eittof ter bul a r amere shosw o red ilhlers are not dwios to ire over fs .t upto 6.pr for At ie, r* 496lbt The d4ecie on biriey qu are ta ptw eeq-ariers ithlerasspleaofin [O oats our pJrplies aeo trvial,a sti he s f iecadlogig ow eiouo q uotatio Beans of all* tus risaell freely. F ~~~~~BOSTOIC. Ati. S6. Ihe eaathar during the it ten daots has ben awo haeanotiRie fee harvest operndition, and an bult toe weat inathidieot l to beUe ecurte us good ontde. thetruae In wVheat ht, oaenralld been dull, and de^3i of 3. to Per qwwrter hid to be * bmitt9d soin thewauldier patot the veek, andt since then prices have sil futher recdsd. Theziew hat gederilly cwos. to 2nd e ,9t aud en,tdifoereur ;ondition A. aidin yest averdate at was a larWe sho of new qheat. The d0L s, redoaetsh.d 5d. tobrs. per quarter. Ad L stae buk of She en ply 0f rheait cnited chiellyof the newerop, and saoes Adt t at aemolinee of s t.. ritther qwastoer. At newnarket sestrday h:eae s aguod buptly of wheat, whichzlug d bNoew , at a dtels. 6of 4^ to 2s. per quarter on last wreek's pria es At to-day's msarke there was a fsrahowf wheat, the dition ol wblehadlowlmuyasproret. Depsardpl me* t.readrae at Se. tO C nw wqueat uuof r Saturday's piucah soareels oand ct eondition fere taScule et p-1t ao further reduantgos Te4bo.atonreTohareld wfore condition, an are diicult tJ eAr l at a deline oIls, to 2s. per luarter. O1d tease n delnssd ad rather fearer. The followig are the quoeationd :-Vaeat, old wht l, oer ier qsrler d old read wer new whtle, 55a,to ir.; fgue, Cd ; new redl 5asn to 50t fine, 5udD new oa's, 22a. to lIx; old. lIe ; ben, 43.to SOs barley. CO,to to. Lant olteial nveuasero at B. Ilaon:-WbeatU pY qurte- c'utr' Es6. 6l1.; oats, 25s. td.; beas, Sla.; dews . 42g. . - ' ' t' At thiC Orinaew d' nsketthere fas ola; *all tndanid of farer, gandbut little bus assing. New wheatsoldas lie. -61 O l4 a2sdelw ( r:.Litpe ,11s. t o 2s. 6d BAAGLASLEY, AUG. 26. t eO-ay's muarket there As. anmoderate sdsowof wheat, adl supgroreeded nlowly at a decline of liL par lead (Is. Sd. per qqarteri, tuea new l heat otf rrig wcas ver fnromch sproated, d bytittle of itfoea themiliers, exespI Sar gtlndingforpigs Tissb,s parcels wer,e 1s to hi,ter lad qiu ar. to is Si.or qures lower. I'B otr ga Crui reited wthad oS brlastork' forates. o Yr; ACl%gee At Wt kSetoD fuart crdeorfreest tomdayr withadto41qpp1r of beasts, taie ruled insinaste at ratter lower rates. ateeP at d bambu were wiesposedaoat a trillIng advasce, abarely ant lean rattie, andeor quipto an average number ot pigc . 1y, ws. to 3. pee p tone ' cl l .f6,d. ulutlon 76. teo Id. ; lam 7tds.ea ltd. od lih b anAincaM cows, 4?1S to 010: stew dlrPoose.t&t beech; Asapes,- 69 to £14, Store pigsaabde lower: fat pIg, It o Is1. 61,peanee. ED61 GOW, AIUG.. 2 Ater neorlys three montht ot exteaordiary dye Aegteir is kbad of cwknebekien sincetyeslesdy. Coasfwse awd tlwro Ir.eawd the suppIts, continue inonaisierable; firom abroad by the (hyde the gubracedA ,61 quartcrs of t heatrvqa te.ol9dqwseset, fracan tont ?rl,the rel, with 41& biarrels of toe, from bees York3 io Grangeuo51thL 2~t il quarters of wo ect front Rostoce,: 7011 quarerofl barIn front Uttthn, quarters of terak s fromra was aF odt,e1 quarters of poes .frn Rotlerns, and 365 sattk ot riiur front Hamburg, A retaiz business oalsoccurred during the weelk atabout th saoie in cussencr. Thisday's market ws f!eirlyattended. Ptm qusltlee of whea7t and Adoer sold in retiail at baelEy last waeke'rates inferior descriptions were neglected, B7arlay,with the exception of ibae hatr r, declned 6d. to 3a per.3Batl Oa.to oat. beass, an peas without ma7terial ehage, BbINBURWE, AUG. 2'6, At So-dy' market there was a fair sopply %fgrain, allkinds of which, wit the exception of barley, eanlower. Twoproels of new wissat old ass6e. toet plerquare. Old whea,3g.l to6. Gte, al lts.toCl.; oats, 233 oIls.; besna,SSgto5tLs' Ait the cattle-market to-day there wFas a uaodserale shEow of basts, whinh re-.lized last weekt prirces. Sbeay, adso. abowt the amce a before: lambs, Is. to 3i. lower, fleet 7s. Cd tD tSe. 52. paratone multton, td td,perlb. ;lambs,2k.to 33std. aea l; fat Ptg, L toa 7s. pr Goae.
A YAN-ERB "flOfDl1G. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TMES. Sir,-I tbis morning bod the enclosed UOe fOwa.rded to me from some swindling- scoundrel in the United State, who has evidently availed hinei of the notioe of a roeent bereavement in your columns, a by adreaflng his leter to the deceased has honed to induoe bis elative to carxy out what they mighbt consider some secret benefaction of the departedl Its publication in your columns might save others from having their grief inslted and imposed pooa by itphblantropio Dr. Jacob Holmes. I remain, Sir, your obed:eat aervaut. w. " Prisom HoEpiRl, Ang. 5. "Ktindand Honoured Benefactor,-Itis a long tlme chie. Ilast wrobe to you, but 1 as compelled to write now, for I am very ill, and much fear wI die In t}i wrtched plane, awsy from home anldmy dearest beloved pruents. .Thank God, thay think me dead. Their nsoblehearts woula break did theyknow the mnisery and digrace of my wretched situation. YOn, dear honoured Mr. -, are the only one acqualnted. with my snamefdl situation. Bless you, dear, honoured benefactor for your great kindness to me. In your last you insisted I should write to you again the very momentIhad further need of your asistan. Praydo, therefor, send me a small sum, 5, or. 1 will do.: God bles you, desr, honouredSir. Send by return, and oh! I pray you, give me all the news of home, for I am dying to hear how my dear, dear parents and al ar Little do they imagne the wretchedness of theirunhappyboy. Do saywhen ou0 lastheard from them. Oh ! how gla hoid Ibe now to be even as one of their servants, Pray God I may liva to be once more clasped to their fond hearts. but rather would I die as I am than that the blush of hbame shomld mantle on their cheeks. God, in Eis infinite mercy, bless them and you, my kind, noble benefactor, is the fervent prayer of poor E. "From sickness I am In want of absolute neceesziese, so do send soon, and direct, post paid, as below .-' Di. Jacob Holmes, Wilmington, Delaware, United State,' and it will be sure to reach me safei. The Doctor is the physican of the institution, and has been very good to me, indeed, kindly consenting that your answer to me may be addressed tohbi. PleasesendaBank of England note, and Rot a draught, as before, for, situated as I am, I had much trorble to get it cashed. English notes pass as current here. Yare- rell, my ind, honoured benefator. Write soon,
THE ACCIDBNT ON THB WESr SOMXERSET RAILWA Y. TO TEE EDITOR OF THE TIMS. Sir,-In ase the error contained in yourp:zp ia Tuesday's paper respecting the acident on the West Somerset lMeral Railway should reate false imeio, s in the ninds of any persons concerned in the o0ru1hats catastrophe, I beg to state that the Moad*&ter ongine almys broogat tae men into Watchet to be pAid on Setrday afternoon, and that the engine fronm Wat6h was started to Roadwater with two trcik-loads of coal (not to fetch the men) by some peron whose name wil traihs9pire in the c6terse of the evidence on the resunxpipoa of tba isquiry on Mfonday next The name of the deOeued civil engineer Is Mr. JoImn 3ames, not "' W. James, engineer," as stated jYour Papet. I remain, Sir your obedient and obliged ervan _ _ A RLATION OF OHM OF TNE 5UlrXU ES AutsWl w/.
[Advr*ierme%t-" Ths Book of the Thamecl"-Th*. R.4.y Pltnaor engrard in the "i Jouwil" for 8e§pembeb (Wce 2i. id) wae M6uxenthotVA " Prepain for the ' aud Wioterbalesf" Prircou V f40da Gour&!n or Oootr'. The a6ulpdurIs "-eoHnstrm""from thbe i&te blWYat iuthevcw.euooo!ie Mr. Rusk--n Artist' Not": the 3%=Uy ot XilEr~Mb&rV.:k (fo. )1XVIU1: John Gibson. EAL Win ated rBanwom.' btoce, bYB. Umt JB.. 1 led)- h B o Tyeatres XxhlbtiU--The Wellidngo Mon nlaetr tu Wetole, Hal k-VinneAand Co., 25, Patezntelrezow, Landc,an& ~jibono- .'[Ad, erim'ent.} :he "'Poop1e" of 8&tr,a, AU3st, S9, cotans: .-Io forI es fr India Der 2M7 lr Agra; 3 !re MI_Gceea- Peooetopsilz Cf pnores'id ht repb1 26 G una-etr to Lord PsimereIoon cte nxe r aw of Dl'rees-- LeenXn k13df es othe Smranr ot the 6emion-BninaDubd s II:Cla The RNidin of tSk e -HdwcrsuWwib&-Belsev of and BSefle~sfrotu LOrDI DaECerln'a Lettrs bo~ Hig L#id-leeoimtletoSpoilen for Ebbbr-Tbelo};at rn 8 rF; r InAI DIAgI=8hOOkl1i Aroldent bit p er Y~~ bellies lot e. k dcea, PA . Id.terod, 3d. umL-4 e* >n [Advertieement.l-Tlie hnpo'menla ii Pei-'eRW* tr4VP"` Ino2r" 19L to lbeDwageplncil 1, 'will oneentofeu4b .pBr1dn otsIb mpssa]ib?os,-abowIns; also a-laendid pae egirrvi* ai>w Anedeire " Tsayl At- toahes Amy ot" The Youeg Prsta er." TMIX OxOC d g. maseps, byT. P. 8uIl, kveshel wi,h R Alnd p bUAegty odi*le us," GIa.nE Gan~e," an ag 'm Ogru:O Pat,. Chf. *4i-XwtaOo. n d oAd,e1tiia.mpeU-k'erj xIdn Sbe_ScOiU &. mgar,psrk*, , feo 3aec, thema O brr.j*o,Wtillg. ioLs -o}g le. 3d. _b no iMbe eMlwaAgns sodv amost essuof G2reeb tebh ind t evratew'inl neiner e gam ag sadgug. an dEhind. No mtte rwhet hispno.ti abe. aemine atewa | 'II here o Xit dmcrlbe4 an ilt ed.'-Moiotpg ;d., 3;s:1O_
JuDIcAl SAT .,&-Uue-bo*k ( tine NgJ-ooloared spedes) of 1QG0Pq%vM weAwbum reulve to4riminx ixstio-fo :X shfl I o offiCe Statistics of .L T }acsnj, a far as prarticable, to eoumpriae~ ee'i3d;ef in. fobmation whchd 3eeret Sir G-ii -d id iafutore tomple peard muf lll aa bil t - book a ond nnual present forubii. ii sJ t -Thf the Atlaistimp ad gfe- V bmm f ialg ihall fem Part 1 ihestaestise -fyea JM s Ju_M ieipMr_Ia under tresparate eads, utbith for;oErsirau s 8ent., Police, Crinal Jusie, ond PAaam - and'bym c- - of tg thist sforiatloatu n oneo w?ort sud izM mii anS uMueJsome sepetition will ae . vi e& and .t.Ub m4tter be rendered more redily aeele, bot b iYi moro imjule rad muform aongemlenut aea ;- 14 lntjon. and annul pulSieatiogin-x oo~arbaerelpioo de satistih p thus Supfied givethe r .fo5*M infar mation:-It appears u oder:the head -Of eP; there were 22m221 itqureiheyear lSi*i.&i8W a -l5A282 on males,andc,939 on -femabyen ofohn deaths thfs inuired into a'at f s '75o 09, maz agbter 1.2, suiide , as -lej 43*8 injuries (causes unkrnown) 1-t9, foamddeadA-3,vaaura deatib 32 per cent. Of 'thiser large Sn1et df eaSes otnly 476 were of a. cls nec ! induigacde-nal proe cntions - but the open ass of anjiZ eani uaow would sem 'to rqire much i. mnor6 istdzoe inquirie by coronerz 4,1211 inquest were linel* ce. if ,=875oen children, }11247 on adults, and 2,675 en ed -a inErm. pmsons. The total aiont of t thee , questilast yea was 0,43 ,t .]16 7d. for ecac Under.ha.Of.imioeel ; it lisAted that the oomxvitmentsfbeotrW 'f 1856 isow an unpracedente dedte e uitp iitito the extesded summary juisdicuon nf 3i.tii3.r We deise is equivalentto dID .persons, -Or 25-1 cuit. foloing the lrge decresso of IL5 per-aont. 7n 1 )e dISecaz6Wx extended to every oouDt7. As `ierqdB-4e -"tere -of the offenoem it appears tha,t in cases 'ef -feies agafns the pexazincludrng ripe and ate"ipW id W theWsumbers are Deurly aXttioary;- Ltabtixbg, grWounig-3 and`ihe un- aturnt crimes exhlvit-the larges de . Lilass 2 I Offenses ainstproperty with vice,$b- rk InCtlem SpPOeeis,nountibg to- 237 :e l a re hoffence' easeof37porern is en;corddiaert e Ter"O ,aiiiii e with. ont I 6oleno cn" cenyq en an - il have decreased, hIle .ittierto ing ko' frauds bare inoreasd ~are, i&-xS a 5ee f 24 per cent i " ma iout L samm and one of t er vcenkit.i were fratpe rency offeneed" to deatshl, bOZt47O; cUrbeenre sevicted. There were t 19i oooe for tra in 1S56,-wf,693 to conty queitterao o,,O08totbe d- dlesexs sesejons, 2,889 borougli. qusteresie 3,787 t circuit aeize coue, uanud 6 b4C of frial 'Cort 0f the persons -thus comJnsltdtfo jAIftiial 42 7 werer acquitted, 31 found nsane,, Sar 14, T3Actt;ewhone 69 ferae condentnete deat , vhh penrl servitudet 1 107 to inpisounent, n 127 toe i} or whipped. Die apitsis tenceslaetji*yr egbhihfi: lag incrase,te hilethe sentedes-tU tridner 15th per cent. o he e" etiojir of liiF were double the ntualtvenge, Theuding * oE f Thqgropertion oF female eommiTuens, which l o . d in cree oF late yeart, he dlee dda 'i856j-a ph.- rioienon ttrirbutaoi t th tI;peraei of lbs Cemi J2ioe Act n cssstdlny. --TFbe7ia~I teE h roecutions last year was' 194,92 ,k-vi' z3Lonn cietment, ad ',S005. u,smary, poe8ig nder the head of '-risns," it ShlOwzthsieyttlsOlltuj2 to p2iwon last year eibThid van.dSt bust fhe resul' is lee avo~irali1en gs-auir^rw te oin mrititents. ThepsIatiief4ibii8it ff*,eouta is exhiied by. tille,ihat'irfi0tiAgt1at.orimD counie re M3ddlett, Ir as4; nsg;oa he least criminaL the W'Iehounties-weD2o2 1dslinoo persozs con *tied 1st 1856 (1 i9hii7s~v1 Nbi osao ba. been apresiousoffender; anoe c i.s~ sj d-.1rt, to t4l ,b via. t4itz 'mmnbes under lrIwy.-227 mi I ovnz ramiom of 1o lkWei-*.waqe eri: ;- tw*en214wd3D3D,-29 nad 'wawd4 361 nbro;t-Of 1 lwerxkf@ - &ub-aiwa-!} dlo so wedll an&O*. §6fiV B4bli T da is on eln .hhcZ^ihpl1ilft tom-aot ted cualit& prvZes the _ope]tiOD. .h&bow~ 4e-o 1erer aro dmeda~abarteri,&t*bi; ;515 917L ,fbesini-G^; atzmin X g;- ^ j - '1X66. -iic,safl B m'-d' i .Pise uL c, ar * .-vm ,_ . AjWa - x
LOND OR, AtDAY, A UGUSr 28,1B57. By a strange inconsistency, of the two de"tohes that arrived on Wednesday night from Ttiate, the one addresaed to the Foreign-office did not oonltin whAt appear with ocu sad proraneur i" that ' I I i ) 'cI sent by our own agent-the surrender, and aubsequen Z ?of the uarr;i3 91stppre, - S, (e fie' :o VIM - 21s EvropoW lu15FUiVM uhiefly women- a-d fidreftig oa the Okpges t&'Ohe parado-ground, of Capore, and -there murdered- the - l*Ae ia %ne helpleussriaas, hMhad aecdppora o itu of -the same kind, and bi`made4the samoue ' of it. At ithe date of e firgt 4ftir it *w - thi at he had a very large force, the nucke being - body of armed mel, with atillery, which we English at home hear with-astonishment he had been permitted to keep about bim a long time, though known to be a bitter enemy of the British rule, and with what he considered a strong private grievance. It is hardly posible to canvass what is indeed wholly inscratable. The only w er is that such things are common in India, and India is not like England. Thank EHnA&vm, England is not like India, and we remember with gratitude the parting remark of JEIXmy VII. to a nobleman whose hospitality he had been enjoying, and who, in defiance of a recent Act, escorted him with a body of armed retaine-m out of his demeane: "My Attorney-General will speak to you of this ;" -as indeed he did with a vengeance. Besides hisown ordinary bodyguard, this man, who has alwaya had the worst reputation, soon gathered al sorts of irregulars, and it is to be presumed a good portion of the mutineers from Cawnpore itself. These were the 1st, 53d, and 56th Native Infantry, the 2d Light Cavalry, and two companies of Artillery. It is not very clear what force Sir HUGH WEEanB had with him, as the accounts do not agree, and are evidently conjectural. According to the Bonmbay Times, part of Hz- MIsTXSsY's 10th Regiment and a battery of European Artillery were on the spot at the time of the original outbreak, and a repetition of the tragedies at Bareilly and Shahjehanpore thereby prevented. There was, however, several days! fighting, and, though the mutineers were driven out of the place, many on our side are said to have fallen. Our own Bombay correspondent, writing on the 28th of June, says, "Cawnpore, we believe,hasbeen saved by the arrival "of the 84th and of the 64th, the latter from "Bombay ;" but, though their destination might be Cawnpore, they do not appear to have reached it in time to prevent the catastrophe. They have had a share in avenging it, as far as that has been done. The precise order of events at that place we shall probably know on Saturday, but the general outline given in the despatch is most lamentable. The garrison, being reduced to famine, capitulated to NnwA SAHiB, on the solemn assurance that their lives should be spared, and were immediately massacred. This is such a stereotyped form of words that one is almost ashamed towrite them. The same thing has occurred a thousandtimes before inlndian history, and, under given circumstances, will always be repeated. We cannot help wishing it may turn out that Sir HuGH WianLER had been kil'led before the capitulation, and that he, finished his long and bril- liant career still as a soldier, and not a3 the helpless victim of a hideous butchery. Hi history is remarkable. He was a soldier of the LAxI days. He entered the army in 1803, joined his regiment at this very station of Cawnpore, and marched thence under Lord Lax, now 54 years ago, to the conquest of Delhi. He had distinguished himself sine in -Alfghanistau and elsewhere, and his long term of service comprised almost half the period of our rule in India. We will own to a melancholy satisfaction in the thought that, by the breach of this capitulation, we are now at liberty to deal with Nxn& S rs according to all the laws of peace and of war. We should, indd, be sorry to be under any obligation or in any sort of covenant with the deliberate murderer of more than a hundred women and children. It is difficult indeed to imagine how Sir H. Wnim B or the surviving officer in commind, could either trust such a man or wish to enter into terms with him. On this point we hope to be better informed than we are. But, however that maybe, NENA SAnTB hasreleased us from all obligation; and if he, or one of his gang, escape the halter, it must only be because the bullet or the bayonet has been beforehand with it. We trust that England will spare no cost of men or of money to vindicate justice and humanity upon the person of this savage and his myrmidons. Extraordinary crimes require extraordinary penalties; and, if wemeanto sustainthe British rule or human nature itself, in any wholesome sense of that term, in Hindostan we must make a signal example of the men who have offered these affronts upon it. We occasionally hear whispers about cheap sentiments of mercy and pity for these men. Whatever we may desire for their souls, it is a plain matter of business what ws have to do with their bodies, and not only India, but the world, will be intolerable if we neglect our duty to them. Nothing else will tell on the Mahomedan or the Hindoo. For our religion, for our teaching aud preaching, they have an utter contempt. Fortunately they understand what it is to be hung, and have a particular objection to it. Indeed, we have heard lately some earnest remonstrances against the application of this proess to persons so keenly sensitive of its disgrace. That renders it peculiarly adapted for the purpose. What we have to teach the followers of lAHoaaMT and the worshippers of VLS%Nu is that, whatever their creed or their caste, we treat murderers as we do dogs, and in all moral respects rate them a great deal lower. We cannot help calling attention to the remarkable difference between the two telegraphic despatches that appeared one under the other in our yesterday's columns. The first was a gift from Government, and therefore it may be said we ought not to criticize it too sharply. Government, however, will only be too thankful for any suggestions that will enable its servants to do their work better. The second despatch, which only arrived at this office at 5 a.m. yesterday, when our paper was already at press, is an example of good work, and of adaptation to its purposes, telling its story shortly md distinctly. Instead of stating generally that Delhi still " held out," it particalarizes, with very few more words, that the enemy had made three more sorties, in all of which they .were totlly defeated, and suffered heavy losw. It then states expresly the sad fate of the gsrrison at Cawnpore, which the Government despatch - supposed to be known, and there. fore left uncertain. It contains the very en a coraging fact of the 31st Regiment at Saugor, under their native officers alone, driving th, revolted 42d out of the station. Another oision iS important, 'though the fact was perhaps supposd to b eknown,- not a word is said in either deapatch as to the fate of the Transit, and the incomprehsnsible voyage of the soldierx and crew back to Suez. To-norrow, however, will solve this enigma. -
Among the odditiea of our constitutional wystem not the lesst remarkable is the hereditary luck of a few wizttocratic faniliei. A great many Poers are welrthy and respectable, and the whole body have abundaUt reason to -be atisfied with their 'posticb, advantages, and prospecta; but a small cluster of names more wuliarly attract the $miles of Fortlme as represented by succesive niUtries. GTe Gv oos bear an ancient Normaii ,ame, -whikh has become, with all its xpxndia proe1nentIyfanii9rt Ae inbabitants o4rILou don. Streets and squa, plaMes and crescents, perI uajll call to Meo llwtion. GosvXNor, WILTON, g EiTOs. -the head of, he; house derives his -titlef-Marquis-from-Weetninster, and MijgU %dipAUted 'groV d-landlord over the fashionable regions of Belgravia. ILord IRoBasT GRosvxwog a for35 year enjoyed a peaceable tenure of his seat.for the metropolitan county, disturbed but by ! on1e passing disension with his beer-selling and beer-drinking constituents. In return for his services, and as a tribute to the greatness of the GRosvENozs, he now takes his Eeat beside his two brothers in the House of Lords. Their ancestors may look down on them and see, as was said of the mother of the WEr;LXSrYS, ' Omnes oBsicolas, omnes sQpep alta tenenteL." The BYNG family is for the present contented with two-peerages, but its interests are even dearer to those who make it their business to confine the I distribution of honours within their accustomed! channel. It in evidently consistent with the fitness of things that the name should once more be con-| nected with Middlesex. The county is supposed 1 stiU to owe a debt of gratitude to the old Whig gentleman who had risen in its service to the venerable post of Father of the House. On the extinction of the available GnosvENORs nothing can be more natural than the suggestion of reverting to the BYNGs; and it is satisfactory to find that the sittingc member for Tavistook is on this occasion disposed to assume a more conspicuous position. The patrons of the few rotten boroughs which were spared in 1832 have carefully deprived themselves of the only pretext on which their privileges could be defended against the encroachments of a new Refonn Bill. The nomination seats might have been used to provide for statesmen who were temporarily unpopular, or to bring forward unconnected young men who might become future PrrTs and CAwNiGS. Englishmen are always ready to tolerate an anomaly which in practice is found to work well; but close boroughs represented by insigniificant connexions of the patrons are equally odious to theorists and to working politicians. It i3 not worth while to expose the constitution to unfriendly criticism, that an idle young Guardsman may have a seat in the House of Commons, or even that the promising scion of a Liberal family may save himself the trouble of contesting a popular constituency. Few will grudge Lord PALMMSTON the peaceful occupation of Tiverton; but, if Mr. G. BEG possesses the qualities attributed to him by his friends, he has assuredly no business in the cognate borough of Tavistock. Extreme prudence is not a popular virtue in youth. A rising patriot might have found an opportunity during the general election of making himself something of an independent position by appealing to an important body of electors. Mr. BYNa preferred the favour of a Dulke to the applause of a multitude, and he may think himself lucky in the occurrence of the accident which enables him so soon to retrieve his mistake. It would perhaps be too much to expect that the vacancy at Tavistock should be filled by some member of political eminence or promise. The electors of Middlesex will probably be disPosed to giva the namesake of their old member a fair trial. By connexion and early training Mr. Bvr-G is pledged to al hberal policy, and his constituents will know that if he wishes to express their views he Wll secure the great advantage of a favourable hearing. The stil powerful section of his party to which he immediately belongs have founded on one or two creditable speeches in the House of Cominons anticipations which have at least not yet proved to be delusive. The early pre-eminence of Fox, and possibly the rival precocity of Prr, have always encouraged a traditional expotation of -. youthfull ehampion -who should revive the ancient glory of the Whigs. Mr. BENG has been thought more capable than any contemporary in a similar position of becoming in course of time a Parliamentary leader, and the rarity of his efforts in the House may fairly be explained by a not unbecoming diffidence. If he succeeds in obtaining the present object of his ambition, he will be both entitled and expected to give more unmintakeable proofs of his capacity. There are many members competent to deliver fluent and rational speeches who have little prospect of guiding parties or Cabinets. If the new candidate be.returned for Middlesex, he will do well to recollect that he owes to his party and to his constituents a debt of which no instalment is yet discharged. Even the easy defeat of Lord Cn3r.SxA at the General Election was achieved by an untried competitor. Mr. BvmNes public services have to be performed, and his reputation, though it may possibly be hereafter confirmed, is as yet wholly confined to clubs and to coteries. The opinion of a friendly circle is at best a preliminary introduction to public confidence. Many potential orators and statesmen have passed away in lifelong obscurity; but the applauded heir of a Whig family, especially if he represents an important constituency, can only allege one reason for failure. The belief that his position had been attained through his own merits would be of itself a sufficient proof that the hopes of his party were unfounded. The strongest minds are most exempt from the propensity to appropriate as merits the results of fortune. The influence of family connexion on the choice of members of Parliament is by no means without its advantages. It is impossible that young men should be recommended by their wvn qualities to numerous sections of the community. Those who have earned a local reputation by their energy and abilities enter the House of Commons in middle life, with their habits a]ready formed, and their interest probably concentrated on questions apart from general politics. Many a local magnate finds himself as little suited to the House as a meritorious soldier on his promotion to the mess of a fashionable regiment. It has been a subject of general remark that the large towns exercise by their representatives an altogether inadequate influence in Parliament. Mr. BRIGoT and Mr. COBDKn stand prominently apart from the class to which they belong, and both would have been better qualified for high office or for party leadership if they had entored the House of Con- I mons while their reputations had yet to be made. The counties and small boroughs are guided in their selec'ion of candidates by many accidental! and illogical reasons; but when they return un- tried politicians on account of family connexion I ihey sometimes light on the raw material of a future statesman. It is natural that the aristo-i (ratio composition of C{abinets should be regarded with jealousy, but it is geneally found that indi- vidual Ministers ha-e previously earned their i position by distinction in Parliament. The class to which they belong is certainly not superior .n ability to any other highly educated portion of the community, but they have dtarted at the point which their competitors spend half their lives in attaining. The additional advantage thus secured to the favourites of fortune Les been unavoidably increased by the operation of the Rleform BilL Almost all institutions involie some admixture of good, and even rotten boroughs occasionallytended to mitigate the aristo. cratic monopoly of office and of power. No Reformer in his senses would, however, propors either to revive the ancient abuses or to maintain the nomination boroughs which still exist. The great constituecieO h4ve thA renmedy in their owv, hands. Their Parliamentary influence will always be exactly proportionate to the statesmanlike qualifications which they require in their members.
We extracted at length in our imapressioi of Wednesday last a communication made in the form of a regular despatCh to the Nord of Brui sels from its " own correspondent" at MSdra. The opinions expressed by such a functionary and circulated in such a journal respecting the position and prospects of the British in India assume a greater interest just now than might perhaps intrinsically pertain to them, and we are bound to say that, upon the whole, the description and conclusions given in the report are lesa perverted and more impartial than might have been anticipated. India, it is true, is ?Ot "a theatre of the most "horrible crimes and atrocities from Cape Co"morin to the foot of the Himalayas," for over the larger portion of this territory the authority of the British Government has either remained unassailed or been successfully asserted; but, though the case is so far exaggerated, the proceedings of the insurgents are justly characterized, and not extravagantly considered. In announcing the result of his observations, the writer puts aside altogether the defects attributed to the organization of the Bengal Army, and ascribes the outbreak to causes which, with one exception-the licentiousness of the native press-he derives from the systematic policy of the Indian Government. He alleges, as a principal explanation of the rebellion, that we have treated native Princes with injustice by annexing their territories to our own, and discarding the claims of their widows and representatives, and that we have grasped with too unscrupulous an ardour at the hoards which these petty chieftai occasionally accumulate. This, in point of fact, forms the substance of his accusation ; for, though he charges the authorities with bad faith towards the Sepoys in two, and only two, instances, he evidently relies upon our acquisitive propensities as furnishing the gravamina required. We may be excused, under the circumstances for alluding, in the first place, to the charges which this indictment does nwt contain. We are not accused of mal-administration, of oppressing the people by taxation, of being indifferent to their wants, or disregarding their welfare. Not a syllable is said in disparagement of the general relations maintained between the Indian Government and its subjects, while it is freely admitted that the native press abused its privileges by traducing and reviling the authorities of the country. Although our rule is that of conquerors, we are not charged with any tyrannical use of our power, excepting on the points referred to, nor is it in any way intimated that the hundred millions of Hindoos subject to the sceptre of Britain have any reason to be discontented with the dominion under which they live. These omissions in the mouth of a censor convey, we think, no faint praise, and may serve to convince the world that the onslaught we are now resisting, though it may have been facilitated by errors of policy, has not been provoked by misrule. On the subject of our alleged encroachments, we venture to say that the territorial distribution of India still actually existing is sufficient to rebut the charge, at the same time that the known circutnstances of the revolt imperatively forbid us to attribute its outbreak in any degree to causes deduced from such assumptions. For a whole century we have now been the strongest Power in a country where might has for ages been esteemed 1 equivalent to right, and where the tenure of all dominion was so precarious that 50 years! posesdon was thought to constitute a notable inheritance. For a long time past we have been absolutely supreme-so supreme that our will was law, while our aolmorlowegod pooition an Sovereigns pammmount entitled us to the rights of supremacy and reversion over all the territories of India. Yet, with these chances in our favour, and with the stimulus incessantly arising from the spectacle of misgoverned provinces, and the convictions of mistaken policy, we have not only tolerated but have even protected against the retributive wrath of their own subjects scores of Princes whose titles to dominion were founded in many instauces either on recent usurpation or violent conquest. Until the escheat of Nagpore, a short time since, the whole centre of the Peninsula was absorbed by the Mahratta States and the dominions of the NrzAN. The spacious districts of Rajpootana are still studded with EHindoo Principalities, and many a Eajah of whose very name Englishmen are ignorant lives under the aegis of British supremacy in a pomp and affluence which might rank with those of European Sovereignties. If at last we terminated misrule in Oude by the deposition of a Prince whose ancestor we ourselves had crowned, we make bold to say that under no Government but ours would a State so situated and so characterized have been tolerated so long. An Oriental Envoy once, on observing the riches of gold and jewelry displayed in the shops of the metropolis, remarked to his attendant that our QUEEN could have Tery little power, implying that under a Government of his own conception such tempting treasures would have been promptly appropriated by the Monarch on the throne. To Asiatic eyes our rule in India must offer analogous examples of forbearance, and the very catalogue of Rajahs and millionaires for whose hoards we are said to be gaping ought to speak for the justice of that Government under which, for the first time in Indian history, such acquisitions have been permanently secure. In refutation of the statement that the ranklings of injustice in the breasts of deposed families have created the insurrection now raging, we need only point to the notorious fact that the great landholders and chieftains, as a body, have stood aloof from the rebellion. That Asiatics, whose very life is intrigue, and who revel with all the sensations of luxury in the turbid waters of a revolution, should abstain in every instance from participation in the troubles now pending was never to be imagined; but the instances of defection have been so few, and the examples of fidelity-on whatever motives grounded--so numerous, as to prove beyond the possibility of doubt that the revolt neither originated with this class of men nor meets with their support. Here andthere, where the succes of a mutinous soldiery have destroyed for a moment the authorit of the Government, a natire chieftain may avail Limself of the opportunity which others have created for him; but that these Princes, where they have risen at all, have followed the revolt, and not led it, is as plain a fact as evidence can constitute. Little, indeed, would a wealthy Rajah gain by the proclamation of a Mahomedan Emperor under the auspices of a ravenous army! When we turn to the remedial measures which the correspondent of the Nerd conceives to be required for the settlement of India under that restoration of our supremacy which he plainly regards as incontestable, we discern still more distinctly how little can really be alleged against us. We are not told to reform our Administration, to remodel our Government, or reconsider our syatem of taxation as affecting the natives at large. We are not even advised to observe greater moderation in dealing with the Princes of the country. We are simply told to maintain a xomeL what larger European foree, to develope railways and other means of internal communication, aud to organize, both provinaiy alnd municipally, a good body of poliee. . It is aiot izlpro)able that the measurea atuauly adopted may coinoide with the recommeudatons here given, but to reer to them as indicating the policy required for the futura tranquility ofIhdia, is ,uivalent to an admision that there A o grvet, persor* ofd , gWe hve klept too iMnj iof ' ' in India, bey6nd a doubt; we have not pused on railway euterpdse'wit 'iifficient4i* and the pot;c of Hindosta. mighi'be auniL t tk great advantlge o the, police of t oja;,9 ,3 if these are the only points on which^ ar4 .ntury's posesion of Asiatic empire',;e lled upon to amend our ways, we do -ut-tlibk Ahat either England or her Indian admini3]iav muchto beaiamed of. ;
OOURT OIROULAJL The Qrueenl and thbPaee3 The uee endtbPrzince Cousort, with th pXj EC PiiDm, A goo, Prinoo Arthur, and th.- HeIe anLuiss, aived at Bnckingbam 4 a e Ininutta tio X o!elockc yesterday afternoon, c Obes Her majety left Osboorne st 10 e'doclr i U royal yacht Fairy to Goport, eDd prow cd. as : a train on the South.Western Rnail',yt h datjc atVuhl,where tour of Her 5aeey' i -rsg a a escort of I4hp Cavairy were in waitng bo ecswythecy The oyal site conosited of Ldy Churhill the cHe.. Luyg Eerr, the EIon. Mry Bultl, Colonel tlhVHOD. 0I B. the Hoan. C. Gre, Cr pt ';pl, Her aesty and his Rya Highus. were re,eivqul'cf alihtng ro thircAriae h LrdErnest Br.w, Lord and Prnecess Beatrice reain at Obone, atede4d b Ldy Caroline Barrington, the Groom in Waiting, au 11r. The Qasen hella Con Dad P vy Coucl eat3o'el Ole"ln the afternoon at Backinghain Palade. Her Majeaty gave audietnc to the Earl of Clarasdon Lord Bloomfield, Genotal Lord Howder, the Houduras Minister, Sir Cbarles Wood, and Earl Grmaville. The Privy Council was attended by his Royal Hiss the Pnnoe Consort, Farl Granville, K.G., the Lod C celor, Vicount Palmeraton, KILG., the Earl of Sir Georpe Grey, G.0.B., th Barl of Claredot, .. h Bight Hon. H. Labiomiere. Lord.FannurK.T.,tbeCi oeUor of the Exchequer, Sir Charui oo,GC.n h Right Hon. IL. Vernon Smith, the i L Sae. the Duke of Wellington, Hater of the H Ernest Bmre, Vice.Chamberlaim. At the Council the prorogation of Parlianentws or. dcred, and the Royal Speech for cloeung the aedoxth-a day was approved. Captain PFyse was sworn in Lieutenant of Cardif Mr. Bathurat was Clerk of the Council in Waiting. Lord FoleS, Sir Geo Grey, the Right Ho. IL T. Baines, andLord Er rnesBtue presented aa'.ddn*from both Houses of Parliament to Her Majesty wh rssppttf the town of Galway.I The Queen gave audiences, after the Council, to Sir G.' Gey, Viscount Paltnerston, and Lord Psnmur-. The Court was attended by Lord Waterpark, Lord in Waiting, and Major.Gtnsral Berkeley Drumnacd, Qroon, in Waiting. The Queen and the Prince Consort, with Prine A ed the PrincessRoyal, the Prinesoces Alice, Heena, and LonuisL Prince Arthur, and Prince Leopold, and the IadIei ml Gentlemen in Waiting cruised in the Victoria ,t.lbr on Wednesday aiternoon and returned to Osbne at Iel pat 7 o'clock. The dinner party onWedneeday evening, at Oibor*, eonsisted of the Princess Royal, Prince Alfred, rinoeuA&lce, Prince of Leiningen, Lady 0. Brrington, Colonel the Hon. C. B. and lMr. Phippi, Captain the HonL J. and Mr. Denman, Erg. Du Pit, and Mr. CowelL. The band of the otyal Marines was in attendane, ad played a selection of mude during dinner. hr. Faija has had the honour of having sittgr ice a miniature of ber Royal Highnes tho Princess Berio, by command of Her Mae Lord Stnaley oa e7 hu kft town for Aldorley Park. Congleton, Cheshi
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the remaining halves of two Bank. notes, value 101. and 201. respectively, for unpaid income-tax from " G. D." THn MuimNv iN hwxiA.-We hear with! much Fatisfdction that the ntm of 20,000 rupees wax forwrded by the Lord Mayor to the Governor-General by Wedneeda night's mail, as a first instalment resulting from the meetnl at the Mansion-house for the relief of our suffering countrymen in India. B BirsH AOHOLOGIcAL ASSOcu ION.-oThe vist of the Asociation to King's Lynn and the neighbogrhood oommenoed with an inspection of the old Rood l1ount ia the public " alks." The party next proceeded to Grey Friars' tower, the sole renmant of a monaat beo^n to that order. They then adjourned to the Asembly-room at the Town-hall, where they inspected the regaliasad ancint records and seals of the corporation. Mr. Black bere ga ve an explanation, of everal charters and other doctninenh - Mr. Allan Swatmrn also commented on many records an ancient customs peculiar to the town; and Mr. PIaucId offered a few remarks on the corporation. regalia. These consst anmong other articles, ef four maoe, aome of whickh date from the time of Chbrles IL; a Sword, reputed to hlve been taken by King John from his aide, und preesuted to the mayor and corporation; some curious old silver chains, which used to be worn by the towrn minstrels; and the celebrated King John's cup, now at the Manchester ExIbitioa of Art Treasures. l[r. Planchfl observed, with respect to the sword, that he was of opinion tht the pommel was of the date of Henry VIII. - and th rerd to the cup generally supposed to have beenF given by Kin John to the corporation an opinion expremed at ie was an obit cup used by a Trinity guild on the nnieraiy of the death of tbht inonaro, as the work is apparetl of later date. A "ducking-stool" for 'scolds was exhibhted in the room, and attracted oonsiderable attention. From the town-bal the party prooeeded to the old church of St Margaret. The company afterwards prooeeded to theremains of the castle at Castle Rising, sIbout four mile from Lynn. Mr. Black, in the absenoe of Mr. Pettigrew, red a pawer repredby that gentleman. Thecastle is an illustro9n of Norman autrkanetation, saud it appeared rm YrPeftif. grew' paper that the remains have now pitied lito the hands of the Hon. Mary Howard, widow of Colond Polka Gre-sille Howard. the aecond son of the fird Viscot Tent!pleton. The building, which is of onsiderableaxatw n at one time the residence of labella, tb*..*e wolf of Franoe," Queen of Edward IL of nglbad. X*94rday wa occupied with an excursion to Grat Yarmeout, _Burgh C(Ap, Cuisor Cutle kec. - ; |EXPO U oF IcoxE-TA:x PArz. -W1th:x-rerenoe to the improper sle of iowme-tax scheduls iaTed, the cMlars of which appeaed in 2w Ttse an 2 onay the foUeowing letter has been addresd to e and Co., bankers, one of the firs wh ch tha expowd:-1 Inqd Roeven a 30inet-h V-.C., Augz 24, 1857--m nle se-v.f Revenue direct me to thank you feeofor s em of tbe 22d inst., enclooing a eopy. etter iIi3a peared In the Leeds newapa er-in rega t d oomne-tx schedulqs to a skeeper t s;h opk inl form yoU that, conurnrently wit your IW h ited a report from the surveyorfor Ledsas t It appeertbAt the returns and tppers all tto wase the pceaessidn of Mr. Wiobolson, th clerk to theliAvict Commissioner of Taxes, at the time of Ids dea* a_ nt 1S month ago; that bi widow gave direciont Yi tho sowmulatico of old papers relating to.he taxe s, whilid been in the offloe of her decseed huarbnd, shoilbd destroyed, and for that purpee superintended in person the oval of them fro her house fnto the ste*yopd of the-,u4tw at Weedhouse, which yard immediately djc she bws, for dThe atonsyard k-ii to be *he purpoe o beu¶bis7rnt.x pup ii idg surounded bra wall l2feet in hei6ht. Ita4edthat duriiu tho tgreas of burnlngMrs Nihehi Si~1 bbckwardsaforw ards betweenherhouaaidihIjatIthe ceetr, aaidthat in the intrali of hew sis oa e. wAs tskan Sy the sexton ci enuricoun with the masons enaplcedthereio inoyea quvanthy of the papers oat io theao- rexto rlchowidIge thatthis was done atthotthioia l i xSl Nicholson. 'The Pextozsi'q*ea tly d I rpsaoetl2t 1-hoothsago to thiW e - i h've delivered ap the portida of th uii papers relating to the income tax ~ sg ct lto d YA papehs citbe yar 1842. The &atl SiSJ~g ocmmbslasrs of Uh didi;edtardaoao1idiItst4&g olsedieut~ rin tSiflK^ $i C., Ol it .1ed* ." -''SeS
TIM MUT IN I ES IN DIA$ The following telegraphic despatch, which reached iem, office from our correspondent at Trieste at 5 V.m yeaterday, and which brings important details mot given iA the message received by the Foreign. eOffioe, appeared in a portion only of our impres. Slon yesterday:- "TRIRSTE, AuG. 26. "The steamer Amerlea arrived here this day, At 2.30 p.m. She left Alexandria on the 21st of August. The Inadian and Australian mails left Alexandria on that day, with dates from Calcutta 'to the 28th of July, Bombay 30th of July, and Eongkong, 10th of July. "On the 14th Delhi Atill held out. The enemy iad made three sorties, iA all of which they were 4otally defeated, and suffered heavy loss. " Sir lenry Bararcld died of cholera on the 5th of July. " Sir Hugh Wheeler has been killed at Cawnpore. The garrison, pressed by famine, surrendered the place to Nena Sahib, by whom, in violation of his -solerar promises, all were massacred "5 Nena Sahib was subsequently twice attacked and utterly defeated with great loss by (eneral Havelock, who has reoccupied Cawnpore. " Sir Renry Lawrence died of a wound on the 4th -Of July. " Lucknow is confidently expected to hold out nimtil relieved by General Havelock. " The remaining regiments in the Prnjab have een disarmed. "SAt Sealkote the 9th Light Cavalry and 46th WTatlve Infantry mutinied, but were subsequently *ttacked by Brigadier Nicholson, and utterly 'ra=ted. "At Saugor the 31st Regiment, under their native -officers alone, drove the revolted 42d out of the etatlon. " Holkar remains stanch. There have bean some disturbaucc3 at Hyderabad, in the Deccan, but they thave been suppreDed. " The Bombay and Madras Presidencies continue tranquil. " At Calcutta trade, especially in exports, con. 4Unues paralyzed. "Exchange, 2s. 2iLd to 2s. 2gd. for document bills. "'At Madras there was little chaige in the import enarket. " Exchange, 2s. 2id. " At Bombay busness in Inports iv very limited. "Exchange, 2a. 21d. CHINL "Lord Elgin arrlved at Hongkong on the 2d of July. His Lcrdship waa to proceed northwards in 4he Shanon, accompanied by six gunboats. "The malls from England arrived on the 8th. "At Foochow confirmatory reports had been re -ceived respecting the injury sustained by the tea plant from not being thoroughly picked. The de-crease in shipments of tea from China to the 30th -of June was 27,550,0001b. "SEANGHAr, JuNx 29. "Exchange, 7s. 2id. to 7s. 33d. "The prices of silk had advanced. "Exchange at Hongkong, 5a. to 5s. OiL AUSTRALiA. tThe dates per European are-Sydney, June 20; 1Melboume, June 25. The European arrived at Melbourne on the 6th of June. " The shipment of gold to the 23d of June was :1,230,428 ounces. "Stocks of bonded goods were rather increasing. "The Assembly had resolved to abolish the public -grant for the support of religion. m "Exchange, 2 pm. "Welton's offer for the establishment of a line of -teamers between Sydney and Panama has been ac-cepted by the Government of New South Wales. "C At Sydney, wool, haudwa%hed, Is. 5id. to Is. 'ld. " The flour-market was dull."
TEE IKDIA, CHINA, AND AUSTRALIAN MAILS. We have been favoured with the following ½despatch from the Peninsular and Oriental Steam Navigation Company:- " The Vectis arrived at Marseilles at 6 o'clock on Thursday evening, the 27th inst., with the Jndian 3nd Australian mails. " They left Marseilles at 10 o'clock the same might."
GENEBAL SIR W. CODBINGTON, K.G.B. --- - - _ _ TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Your leading article of this morning with reference *o Sir W. Codrington is as unfair as the impression sought to be conveyed is unjust. The Times ought to have 'etter Informatiou. You ought to have had means of knowing that Sir William Codrington, anxious only for any share in active eOperations in the field, and waiving all considerations of his .rilltary rank and former position, has already earnestly tendered his services for employment Inlndia. Sir William is within a few hours' call, should he be anted; and meanwhile his present charge is a mark of -confidence from his Sovereign of which he may justly feel iproud. In the General's absence, and as his late military secrte. 4aryin theCrimea, I -vetureto set yourightinthismat. -cr, and to request your insertiorn of this letter. Your obedient servant, ROBERT BLAN-, Lieutenant-ColoneL The Oaks, Chertsey, Aug. 26. '*' We do not pretend to any knowledge of General 4Codrington's confidential communications with the War Department, of which ColoUelpblane thinks we ought to Sbo informed. We had no criosity as to the Gcneral's MovemUent, and were content to remain in entire ignorance -of them; but when we are told by semi-official authority 4hat the late Comraader-in-Chief in the Crimea has been -ppointed. to accompany the Prinoo of Wales in a tour up. -he Rbine we do but expre8s the common enseo of the -Country wlhen we suggest that either he is. too good for a walking gentleman or was not good enough for a gett ooand.
DzATH OF A ,Vz-saA.-An old soldier, who hAd meen so much service and especially hard fighting as to eeder hia demise worthy of publio notice, died a few da ago. Alexander Stbwart, born In the western purt of Perthidr joined the militia of his native county iu 1805, from 'whiahtlie shorkly tihereater volunteered into thegallant 79th Migbianders, and took part with his regiment in the followIng general actIons, beides variouG skirmishes not less des. traotive to those engaged, viz.:-Coashagen, Corunna, E1nuihinr, Buso, Fuentes i'Onor, amanca, Nivelle, 31ve, 5rthe% Pyrenees, Toulouse, And Waterloo. His ~widow, who is everalyeara his senior, and Who by his death di lett destitute, accompanied him throughout the disastrous uCoanna retreat, and wa3s iiso preseet in every battle in whidch her husband was engaged-tending the wrounded, and: mrdering senvice 'whers needed. 'fle continuation, therefore, toD the widow of her husand's smal pnion (is. per day), .-r even the one-tblf, would keep the poor old woman, now 'pwards of 80 years of age, out of the workhouse, ad would *i a fitting and graious aeknowleodgment of her past safermp and serrisea.-&otman. Mr. ALAt PoLo.-The farn now cultivated by ts gentleman In the west of Ireland consists of 20,000 aces. There are at present under trna 2,000 acres; oats, 3,000; wheat 1200; potatoes 400. kIe bas 1,000 head of tatUe for a feeding, 400 working hors, and paya 4,0001. mannthly in wages There have been erected on it 50 miles Of aone wall fonge,UuneoTes ZYMN LZ04M.
THIRD EDITION. TUB TEIMES OFFICEL, Friday. THE PROROGATION OF PARLIAMENT. HER MAJESTY'S SPEECH. rarliament was prorogued to-day, by Commis. sion. The Speaker, attended by the Serjesut-at-Arms and the Officers of the Rouse, and accompanied by Lord Palmerston and a nuraber of Members of the Lower House, appeared at the bar of the House of Lords. The LouD Ca"cELLOl. then proceeded to read Her Majesty's Speech, which was as follows " My Lords and GentUenwn, "We are commandcd by Her Majesty to release you from further attendance in Parliament, and at the same time to express to you Her Majesty's cordial acknowledgments forthe zeal and assiduity with which you have performed your important dutiee during a sesion which, though shorter than. usual, has, neverbheless, been unusually laborious. "Her Majesty commands us to expres to you her satisfactioni that the present state of affats in Europe inspires a well-grounded confidence Eu the continuance of peaee. " The arrangements connected with the full execution of the sipulations of the Treaty of Paris have, from various causes, not yet been completed; but Her Majesty trusts that, by the earnest efforts of the contracting parties to that Treaty, all that renains to be done with reference to its stipulations nray ere long be satisfactorily settled. " Her Majesty commands us to inform you that the extensive mutinies which hsve broken out among the native troops of the army of Bengal, followed by serious disturbances in many parts of that Presidency, have occasioned to Her Majesty extreme concern; and the barbaxities which have been inflicted upon my of Her Majesty's subjects in India, and the sufferings which have been endured, have filled Her Mfajesty's heart with the deepest grief; while the conduct of many civil and military officers who have been placed inucircumstances of much difficulty, and have been exposed to great danger, has excited Her Majesty's warmest admiration. " Her Majesty commands us to inform you that she will omit no measure calculated to quell these grave disorders; and Her Majesty in confident that, with the blessing of Providence, the powerful means at her disposal will enable herto accomplishthatend. G Genilemen of t,he Rouse of Commons, " Her Majesty commands us to thank you for the liberal supplies which you have voted for the4 service of the present)year, "and for the assurances which you have given Her of your readines to afford Her Majesty whatever support may be necessaly for the restoration of tranquillity in India. "H Her Majesty hus been gr3tified to find that you have been enabled to provide the amount required to be paid to Denmasrk for the redemption of the Sound Dues,'without on that account adding to the Nat:ional Dcb,. "cc M Lords and Gent&emen, Her Majesty commands us to convey to you her heartfelt acknowledgments for the provision which you have made for her beloved daughter, the Princess Royal, on her approaching matriage with His RDyal Highness Prince Frederick William of Prusia. "H er Majesty commands us to inform you that she has seen with zatisfaction that, although the present sesion has been short, you have been able to pas may Ac-t of great importance, and to which Her Majesty has given her cordial assent. " The Acts for establishing a more efficient jurisdiction for the Proving of Wills in England and Ireland, correct defects which have for many years been complained of. "The Act for amending the Law relating to Divorce and to Matrimonial Causes will remedy evils which have long been felt. " Tho Eeveral Acts for the Punishment of Fraudulent Breaches of Trust; " For amending the Law relating to Secondary Punishments; "For amending the Law concerning Joint Stock Banks "For consolidating and amending the Law relating to Bankruptcy and Insolveney in Ireland; " For the better care and treatment of Pauper Lunatics in Scotland; " For improving the organization of the County Police in Scotland; "Together with other Acts of less imporEance, but likewise tendiug to the progressive Improvement of the law, have met with Her Majesy's ready assent. "W We are commanded by Her Majesty to express to you her confidence that, on your return to your severnl counties, you will employ that influence which so justly belongs to you to promote the welfare and happiness of her loyal and faitiful people; and she prays that the bleosing of Almighty God may attend and prosper your endeavours.
A OLD SAMoB.-OnWednesday Thomas Grant, a vera 0 saor,aed lOtses appealedheforethe (11e1ae" boardoof guardiEs, beu4 tdtat% and laying clam to ChRe xs is w fr=te fae.f hisbeins apjgntiopd at Choriozthe Elvria 1TZarnes a a aterm . m the catenriAn'g s tatement he wa born at aidatone. in Kent, on the Ist of JAUu , 1757. He maried in 178D, but his honeymoon wa lalcklms one, tor on the vey day on -which he had taken a wif hewas met eomlng from churroh by press-gang on Tower-hill, and, deepte Tom's showing lght and his maiden wifes tears, the Uhl a waterman was at once lcpnapped and taken on board the London aloopof-war, and proceeded to sea. Alter being in several engagements the London was ordered home, and Tonx ws nious to oomplete the nuptial, 'with Susan, when Paul Jone's siling off Whitkhavea deferred the conswnmation of their union, for the London was ordered off agaiin pursuis of the American Pirate. Il he was with Neson hotly engaged at Copenhagen, and after this bis ship ws captured by the French, and Totu spont 11 year of his chaquered Iffe in a prison near Paris. In 1813 he was on board the saucy Shanon, and got his leg shattered by a cannon bell from the Chesapeake. Sir Charles Napier was a middy inthe man-of-warin which Tom served. Although at such an extreme old age the veteran has the oomplete use of all his faculties, ann fightshis battles over again with a savageness quite rerehing. The board admitted Tom as an Inmate. whexe he son found another veteran man-of-wa's man, William Fry, sd the twain spin their yarns and grieances without a quid of tobacco from their pate2al oountrymen to heal their wound. The board will, however, apply to Grqt*Wich Hospitalfor a retreat for Grat,
SECOND EDITION. IM OC._ F . . . ... . IXPRBSS VROM PAlIS; The following is the letter of our Pais oorrespondont, dated yesterday (Thurzday), 6 p.m. :_ The tral of Cajtai Doineau for. the murder of. the Aga Ben Abdallah draws towards a closel and the interest of the proceedings is maintained to the lat. The 3?rench papers are full of the details, and letters from Oran telL of the excitement that there prevails. A great number of officers from the gar.-L sons of the interior of the country have arrived at Oran, ns well as many visitors from Algiers, which is &00 kilometres distant. On the 19th, the day on -which the pleadings began, an English corvette, says a correspondent in theDroit,cast anchor offthetown, and several Englishmen, including a con of Admit&l Dundas, landed, in order to witness at least one day's proceedings. Astrikingfeature ofthetrialis thcaelfcontradictions and downright peijurie3 of eeme of the vitnesess. If Doineau be acquitted he will doubtless owe it in part to the difficulty of knowing whom to believe. "In your first declarations," said the Advocate-General to a witness, "you lied, and you said it was from fear of the Aga Bel Hadj. Tell all the truth to-day." From fear there is unquestionably an immense amount of lying. Eighteen of the most importaut witnesses avowedly shared in the crime, but seek to extenuate their guilt by throwing the responsibility on Doineau. Strange contradictions arise in the testimony of persons who can hardly be supposed to have an interest ia concealing the truth. They can only be explained, and that but partially, by the confusion and alarm that prevailod after the murder. Thua, on the ensuiug moring, Madame Ximenes, the Spanish lady who travelled by the diligence that conveyed the ill-fated Aga, declared that one of the assailants had called out in French, bidding the European passengers to bave no fear. Mlore than one witussa deposes to her having said this, but on the trial she denies it, and swears " by the heads of her children"' that she heard none but Arab voices. Some of the French witnesses evidently allow themselves to be carried away by pamsion, and, probably, by a desire to shelter a brother officer, whose crime the habits of Africau Eervice scarcely allow them to look upon as disgraceful, or even as of great gravity. Bel Rheir is a Caid, an Arab officer in the French service, a man of great energy and resolution. He is one of the most dangerous witnesses against Doineau, for, unlIke the feeble and vacillating Aga Bel Hadj, he bas never varied in his testimony. When Major Chanzy gives his evidence, he speaks of this Arab with contumely, as having been. an audacious frontier robber. The Counb calls him to order. "I am no cutpurse I" cries Bel Kleir, wihen the' Major's words are interpretedto him, "but a warrior covered with wounds. I have the esteem of men, and have done my duty to France." Investigations are ordered. On a subsequent day documents and registers are produced, and Major Chauzy's accmations fall to the ground. This same officer is questioned with respect to the pistols -which Doineau said General Montauban desired him to convey to the Captain in his prison. There are discrepancies between the different newspaper reports of his reply. One of them minkes him depose that Montaubau had sald to him "The Captain Is greatly compromised, and, sinceyou are his friend, I should not hesitate, in your place, to send a pair of pistols to bim in ,his prison." Nothing, however, proves that General Montauban had any personal motive for wishing Doineau to commit suicide, biit that he desired to save the honour of the epaulet from the contact of the bangman.. As regerds the maoney made [by the camels,'nuspicion points at Doinean as the receiver of a part of it; and the suspicion is confirmed by his obstiuate refusal to account for the possesson of 38,OW., part of which he had given to a servant to conceal for him. The story of these 104 camels is sketched in rather different colours by General Beaufort and by the Arab traders and shepherds. The Morocco tribe of the Mhayas had brought wool into the French territory (contraband, says General Beaufort); returning home with their unloaded beasts they were met by some Spabis. They took to flight, and their beasts were seized. These were sold to Bel Hadj much below their value, rezold at a large profit, and Dolueau is suspected of having shared the gain. The seizure appears to have been scarcely just; Ben Abdallsh had promised to obtain restitution; he was unable to do thls,and thought Doineau to blame. Hence bad blood between them ; such, at least, is what we gather from Arab iestimony, but there is much conflicting evidence. What is rendered prettyevident bythis trialis thatchiefs of Arab bureaux,as Doineau was, have almost unlimited power in heir hands. and that the system hitherto adopted presses most severely on the nation. Doiueau, a mau of great energy and violent character, made the Arabs tremble before him. "He was our Sultan," said the witnesses, even the eadis and agas, " who could resist him ?" He was, as one of the adverse couusel said, a little satrap, ruling 30,030men,and disposing at his will of their fortunes and even of their liveP. As regarded the summary executions, mentioned in a former letter, General Beaufort took the responsibility of several, but it remained evident that others had taken place by Doineau's sole authority. "If bushes could speak," (si les roussailles pmuaient parler,), said one of the witnesses, "they would tall the fate of many an unforbunate captive. We cannot wonder to see Doinean's superiors and comrades making every effort to save him. If he had been guilty of extortions and bad held life cheap, others had done the same. Exaggerating the severity necessry to maintain order in his district, he had learned to think little of taking the life of an Arab, until at last he is found accused of playing the part of a highway murderer. His demeanour throughout the trial has betrayed his imperious and passionate nature. Great indulgence has been shown to him in this respect by the tribunal, and it was needed. The Arab witnesses, with scarcely an exception, gave evidence in their own tongue; the interpreter was at times careless or incompetent, and some of his omisions elicited bursts of anger from the Captain, who, having served in Africa almost from boyhood, is a perfect master of the Arabic. Judging from the words and deportment of the French military witnesses, from the generals downwards, it would, doubtles, have been greatly to the advantage of Doineau to be -trled by a court-martial The civil tribunal before which he is arraigned did not conceal its painful sstonishment at some of the practices proved to be usual among military authorities. The loose system of accounts in the Arab bure4ux evidently afforded great facilities for peculation. This system, however, it was stated in the course of the tial, had been recognized as bad, and had just undergone a clhange. The exactions of the Arab officials, the khalifs and agas, are said to be very large, and the people, of course, su#ier to enrich these native dignitaries. A letter from Oran tells of a khalifat worth 4,000L. a year. The halif of Mostaganem is said to have amassed a fortune of 8,000o. a-year. The consequence of this is that there are t±ibeX in Algeria not safe to venture among, except with good escort. Ben Abdallah was the ags of the Boni-8nQus, They has twice tried to assazto him He had seen his attendants slot down by hl,i aide, and had himself received a bullet in his breAst. ]But hg died the owner of mFan,yhoAuses at Tlemcen, 4 tOf nuger uk%Ilo&s and heedis Althoughhis wife brings her -action for damages against-his murderers, aecordiig to the French mode (sIprte partwv:civile), it is for vengeance, s4ad not for gain. The damnges ghe claims a n6minsl_ I 10OF, On receiving nows of a death nhe oe her face, rent her gsiifbitta loaded herself with chains, and rashed into the street, invoking vefigeanee on his murderer Bel Hadj was the chief object of her accusation, for there had been a quarrelbetween the two agas ; a;d Abdallah, according to a witness, had deeply insulted the other; " Oh, son of a dog o" he had said to-him, " it is yourfather who ia a dog !" Whereupon Bel Hadj laid his hand upon his beard and swore he would have the old man's blood. It is rather a curious illustration of the insecurity of life in Algeria, that Abdallah!'s wife has been married four times, sad that all her husbanids had died violent deaths. It is positively stated herc -and, if not yet positive, it is certainly probable and desirable-that, In consequence of what has transpired on this trial, and of the abuses proved to exist in the Algerine administration, the Arab bureaux are to be suppressed, and that civil magistrates are to replace the little pashas in French uniforms whose malp:actices have just been exposed. D)espatches were received this morning at the French Foreign-office from M. Soulanges-Bodin, Consual at Naples. They announce that the Royal Court of Salerno waa about to make its report concening the late landing of insurgents, and it was expected that the captain and crew of the Cagliari would be acquitted of participation in the attempt, and that the difficulty with the Sardinian C-overnment would thus be arranged. Despatches from Madaid announce that General Lersundi, who is appointed Captain-General ot the Island of Cuba, wiU sail in the course of September for his new destination, and that he will take with him the final instructions of the Madrid Government with respect to the dispute with blexico. The papers say thatSenor deLafragua,instead of coming to Paris, has gone to Cadiz, and it is added that he was to embark there for his own country. His f dends at Paris seem in the dark as to his movements. We hear nothing more of the mediation of England and France in that quarrel; but there is not the slightest doubt that it was accepted, however reluctantly, by Spain, and that the conference was fixed to be held at Paris. There hsave been repor't aflcoat that Spain had again changed her mind; buat the same powerful arguments that induced her to accept the mediation atill exist. Whenever the cornference is held, it would seem natural that M. Lafragua should come to Paris, as a person completely in possesion of the facts of the case, and highly capable of representing Mexico in the matter, esl he has already represented her at Madrid throughout the tdious non-official negotiation that took place there this summer. Djemil Boy, the Turkish Ambassador, had an audience this morning of the E-mperor. M. de Rayneval's application to return to Rome could not be granted, and he will doubtlems go to St. Petersburg, M!L de Moustler remaining at Berlin. A French officer is to be sent to Tzarko-Selo, where some manceuvres of Russian troops are to take place this year. The Cent Gardes have been despatched to Chulons. The Count and Countess Walewski are going to Biarritz, where Prince Napoleon is also expected to go after his vlsitto the Piedinontese frontier and interview with King VictorEmnmanuel, said to be fixed for the 3lstinast. The Emperor has approved the works now in progress in the foreBt of Vincenres. The Pays says- "cIn a few days more Paris will present the phenomenon of mOt containing a single Parisan but solely foregners s«d provincials. AUl the dwelling-houses in the Faubourg St. Gelmain are closed, and that quarter presents theeapyearance of a deserted city. When the gts are open the jnterior court-yard appears as dismal and a silent as the gerders of the Capulets." The Constitudionwel, in an article on the present organization of the butchers' trade, says:- " What has greatly contributed to envenom the att3cks cf wbich that trade is now the object is the high price of meat. Beef in 1820 cost from 55c. to 60c. the half kilogramme, and in 1841 it was not higher than 7Oc. Sinoe that period it has successively risen to a franc and more. This represents a featfol increase, which weighs hevily on the great mass of consumers. To what cause must this increase be attributed? The consumer, in general, attributes every augmentation of price to the rapa&dty of the tradesman. It is not often taken into consideration th,t the tradesman ismerely an intermediary, and that if he increases the price of the articles he sells, It Si very often because he has been compelled to pay higher terms tg the wholesale dealer. The price of miet has risen and the butchers incur the whole blame thereof. It would be imprudent, however, were the publio to imagine that the act of throwing open the butcher's trade, and the consequent suppression of the existing monopoly, would lead to any notable fall in the price of meat. Doubtless, the suppression of the monopoly Would put an end to various abuses, and it is to be hoped that a weli-conducted trade will produce a Certain diminution in price. But it must not be lost from sight that the dearness of meat is. above a]], to be attributed to the development taken by the population of cities and towns. The production has not kept pace wIth the consumption; thisisthe prindipal cause of the rise, and it is evident that an increased production can alone lead to a sensible reduction in existing price6." The official returns of the average price of wheat in the different markets of France show that tho highest price is 26f. 97c. the hectolitre at Marseilles, in the department of the Bouches du Rhone, and the lowest price is 16f. 65c. at Verdun, in the department of the Meure. There are at present more than 200 boats, forming a double line on the right bank of the Seine, from St. Denis to Epernay, waiting for water in the Seine, and in the canal of St. Denis. The water in the Seine is now lower than during the low water in the year 1749. The Three per Cents, closed to.day at GMf. 95c. for the end of the month, and the Four-and-aE-alf per Cents. at 9Sf. SOc.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,450f.; Great Northern, 870f. ; S,trasburg, 685f.; New Shares, 67l. 25c.; Paris to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 893f 75c.,; Western of France} 725f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 645f.; Great Central of France, 616f. 25c.; Lyons and Geneva, 670f.; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 957f. 50c.; Austrian Railways, 651f. 25c.; Russian Railways, 615f. Coew A _Uc,-PsAMn , Aug. 27._-Cah Four-ad-a-Hal per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 yem) 93f. WOc. 3b.-; Three per Ceat&, 67f. 66f. 95e. 67f. ; B of Ernoe, 2,80.. 2,795f.; ditto (27Sf. paid), 2.80. 2,795f.- Cr6dit Ponder, 650f.; ditto, ObUlgatious of 500f., Four r Ceais., 430. 428f. 75c. 447. 5c. 430f. * ditto Te Four per Cents., 87f. 50c.; ditto, Tenths, kbte T Cents sor. Prom. Obligations of ,000!., 930f.; Crdi Mobiller 9o5f. 957!. S. * Plontes Five per Cents., 89f. 760. Soc.; Alstrn Five per Cents., 8389 ; -RomeL-, 86a ; Spanish Converted Debt, 25A; ditto, Three per Cent. Exterior DIe'bt, 37k. Excang On London, at siht pa 25f. 25a, roney, 25r. w .; tEem mC a. paper, 24! 871c.; money, 24! 8c. AIJSTRIA. twnox ovz ow CO^ROaaxDro.) VIENIf A, AIJrcua 25. We lear from Berlin that the Prussian Government agrees with this Cabiinet in thininrg tbhlt it wrould not be advisable to bring the question of the reorganization of tte -Danubian Principalities before thie Paris Conieronc, until the D)ivans ,bave met, "'and the Commission has forwarded the resuits of its ow labonra to the Conf,erenoe,'4; Borlin correspondents also state that an "sappr.oxi. mation" has recently taken place between ?Pusuia and Austria; bat people here aver / tb"t it | iL * Th wz qtot6 we taia iuc A!icle 24 Q' W ix i mpoOilb to go hand In hand with a Government whicz *eems intent on doing everything that can be djisagreeble to its federal aJly. For self-evident ze&,ons, little was maid on the -;ubject in- heGermsn- m*perbut it ui-ertypq 0ong since the Berln tj;n'st beh vod ln mgt dilc'jal manner t6Ward A"ug.." and tho Rernan (MxeaerAhon. Whfen it be4 known that the Grand Duke of Iden ted to tie oonbtrucVon of a maaive bridge a the Rhine M Eebtl'fie Impeiw'-Cabinat addr6ed )s, infidentiai despakh to the Berlin Government on t\ ,ubJejt, and proposed that the works of the federo f6 r of RastaLl bhould be completed withoutdelarK le rrx7Mau kt;&net affected not to attach any gmta importance to the treaty which had been concluded betw eie Baden and Frnce, and communicated thee contents of the Austian despatch to the French Government. It is pomible that Rome cbampion of the Prusian Cabinet may call in question the corectnes of the foregoipg statement, and it ,may, therefore, be well to state that the two sources from which my information was derived we the beet that can poasibly be had. After a long and diligent sarch in Profesor Koch's great Map of the Caucaus, I bave succeeded in finding the river Koissu or Ssulak, which empties itself into the Caspian, a few miles to the .outh of the Isthmus of Agrachan, and just below a place called Kelentshi. Temir-Chan-Schura, the fortress which the mountaineers took and were obliEed to evacuate, is on the right bank of the Koissu, and about 18 English miles from that river. The place Tscherkei, on which the Russians fell back after having suffered such a signal defeat, is probably in connexion with Fort Eugenieffsk, which lies close to the river Koissu, and on its right bank, but some 15 English miles further north than Temir-Chan-Schura. luformi. tion has been given me by a military friend that the battle lost by the Russians was fought towards the end of June, at a place called Burtunai, which Is situate on the left bank of the Koisau, some 10 miles from Fort Eugenleffik. According to Koch, Wagner, and Bcdenstedt, Temir-Chan-Schura is a regular fort, and a place of extreme importance to the Russians. As a matter of course, Schamyrs victory is denied by the Rursians, but the fact of his men having been within the walls of Femir-Chan-Schura must be considered satisfactory proof that the Russians were worstedc It is, however, evident that the latter are stil in possession of every part of the military road which runs down from Glroanaya to Achti, in Daghestan. Tewir-Cban-Schura is one of the numerous forts which the Ruians have constructed on the road in question. On the 20th inst. there was a regatta at Venice, but only seven gondolas started. The stately galleys of the notables of the city and the barks and bissone of the police and municipal employgs were permitted to move backwards and forwards in the Grand Canal, but whenever a simple gondolier attempted to enter the "tabooed" space he got such a tremendous eousing from the hose of the fire-engines that he was but too glad to return whence he cme. When the Archduke Ferdinnd Maximilian and the Arch. duchess appeared in a magnificent open gondola they were cheered by the public, but persons who were present assure me that there was no trame of that enthusiasm of which the papers speak. The military bands played " God Save the Emperor,' the " Brabangonne," and other national melodies, while the gondoliers were staining their nerves in order to obtain the place of honour. The first four gondoliers were received with enthusiastic cheers by the public; the last three with ironical laughter and those caustic remarks for which the Venetians enjoy a high reputation. The prizes were 250, 200, 150, and 100 silver lire, but the fourth on the list of victors was obliged, in addition to his hundred " eightpeuny bits," to accept a black pig clothed in a scarlet dress. The men appeared so much exhausted by their exertions that some of the English present cane to the conclusion that Venetian gondoliers have infinitely less " bottom" than Thames watermen. After the regatta there wasa "C orso"that is, the Archducal gondola, and the two galleys which accompanied it, went up and down the Grand Canal, followed by a host of barks and gondolas. As no festival is complete in Austria without music, a large gaUey, with military bands on board, led the way up and down the canal. The Vierna money-market is in an extremely sickly state, and more than one great house has bten obliged to sell railroad stock ana Credit Bank shares at ruinously low prices. The fact Is that very many people speculated last year beyond their means, and the consequences are only now begin. ning to mauifeat themselves. One of the larger firms in this city has just made the disagreeable dis. covery that it has-been robbed by one of its cashiers to the amount of 48,000fl. The malefactor, who was arrested on Saturday last, has confessed that the crime with which he is charged was committed above a year ago. His Majesty the Emperor is atill at Preuburg, but wivl leave to-morrow for Kaschan. The Minis. ter of the Interior has taken a short leave of absence, and is gone to Upper Austria. Count Colloredo, the Austran Ambassador at Rome, has returned to his post. The Tunisian Envoy was received by the Emperor before he left Vienna. Yesterday there was a regular panic on Change, but to-day confidence was partially restored. SPAIN. The Madrid journals of the 23d have arrived. The Gazette publishes altoyal decree thus worded: "Without prejudice to any judicial proceedings against 3ech person3s as may have unduly thrown into circulation the per cent. stock arising from the amornt deUvered by the Spnih tresury to M. Recur, M a guarntee of the negotiation concluded with him on April 4, 1855, the amount of the dividend-warrnts of the said stock, which may have fallen due, shal be paid on presentation. either by the officers of the treasury at Madrid or by the Spanish offlice at Paris."
INDIA. A telegraphic despatch in the Mtorning Po3t, of this day, from Marseilles, gives the following melancholy details:- " MARSEILES, AucusT 27. "The following are among the kiled at Cawupore :-Brigadier Yack, Colonel Williams, Lindasy, ProutX Sir Geozge Parker, Quin, Redman, Supple,. Halliday, Reynolds, Prole, Smith, Eckford, Dempster, Jervis, Challwin. "On the 5th of July, an obstinate battle was fought before Agr, between the garrison of that place and theNeemuch mutineers, wlio had 1arched thither, with reinforoementa, which brought their numbers up to 10,000 men. Our force was obliged to retire, with a heavy lo. "Among th, offics killed in this action were Major Thoma, Captain Doyly, Lieutenants Iamb, Pond, and Folowes ; amn of the civil service, Kear. O'Connor. C. Horn, P. Horn, Carton, Srmth, Jordall, Prendergast, Whiteray, Black, Burdbrank, Freeze, Outram, Oldfield, and Deedes . " The 9th LIght Cavalry and 46th Nativelnfantr7 mutiled at Sealkote on the 9th of July. "They massacred Captain BishiDp, Dr. Grduw, the Rev. Mr. TEunter, with l)Is wife and 4Uild. Brigadier Brind was wouwted. The reiu f Euroe5 s at this Ntttiou -wre sMfe t'I zhI. "These mUtineerm were totylly defsi4d -by Gonatt Nicholwon on the 16th. "At meernt) Geeral Hewitt had bemi *0VeI from the command for supinenew. - - _"At - eaho wer ki ll o vGOn X Jnfaty d i4s:;feljr<ivat at C.2GUtia.
AMKRIJA-.- 1- The United Stat mat!aetiahip BuI <C atodck ommwder hEas rivedj with adeibafoam N'ewr Yokk tsuudv; 1ie1l1£lx~iit *^^ - QThe his bog $ I1QO s.peh:. el ghL i jacket t,i2up;iverpool* .bouad! Jh-; t e z ga h *Mnd 18th, passe1 tuo °large tz6iew. Ue *iioeu west; on the 23d, ilt. 5 0.35, lOng. 42.1t. d the TI;tEih 4ii,s 3'ohni ind Moiat$a both >ouw west; ad on he2tb, t 2.30 p.m.se h ships Valetfa aid 2AWCh,1I1l, outwn boimd.y The Belgian 3teamin.ip' Leopold. :L f Ant.. werp arid Southunptop; ar.ived t Noir Yf ro2 the 14th inst Fiteen lives bad been lost eAr.leOWX; 7oi S steam-boat -eolMision reiarihat port. ' r A powder magazine had explode&t Raifa&, destroying a considerable amount of proper*. Lord Napier was said to be giigthe liiteI States G(ovqipment to inerem the riv&l fo. eM the A&Sioan coart. Advice. from Nicaragua report that all wasquiet. At Havannsh a money panic had occurred, *ad a run on the banl;s took plaee. The Spanish BPIc of Havannali a8ered reverely, but was proiptly aided by the Captan-Generaj, who let the rqm of $2,000,00W to its coffers. General oJnchtise and empowered the Spanish Blnk to ;iaue $6,COO,OO0 of deposit oertificates, in small.andrlarge sums, to suit the general want, at inteeest, or 6, 8, and l0 months, to he received at public oalkQea aa gold. It was rumoured that a Spanish cruier had captured a slaver off Cuba The RoYa Mail steamship Trent was at Aspinwall on the 3d inst. An insurrection had broken out at Santi*gp, on the south aide of St. Domingo, and engsgeqents had oecutied with the troop3. I It was reported that Costa Rica and Nicaoagun baa made a treaty, Nicauagua having al hei old boundaries, except one side of Sau Juan giver, from Fort CastilUo down (92 miles) to the harbour of San Juan del Norte, taking in Punts A which included *11 the buildings of the Compmy. The Nel York commercil advices repott that there was a healthy feeling in mercantile eircleeand a good fall trade was confidently expgcted, The crops had come forward in abundance, and, if not so cheap as at former periods, were wade miore acecasible to tmaden of limited means than th - had been during late years. The money market remained eay, wth a faii demad. FirSt-las paper was quoted' to 10 per cent., and second clara ditto IO to 12 and 1 per cent. The stock market for the week cloaed-with much excitement and depression. The tendenby,of ailroad share was downward, and hi&ders felt compeled In some instances to sell at a large sacrifice. State loans were quoted at iower figures th for some time put, sLowing a decline of a half to one per cent. on the whole list, compared with the close of the7 pre. vious week. The market for exchange wn 'firm, but the busineos was only to a moderate eoaent. Bills on London were quoted at 9i to 9i premnum; on France, 5f. 17ic. to if. 16ic.; and on Hamburg, 36t to 361. Flour continued dull. The receipts were increasing, though quotations indictd no improvement or change. For Candiani floura fal demand prevailed4*t4G15iOa.A$8 75cjo_oo*=cn to Prime. In wheot there was little doiug for export, and prices had slightly recedcd. The porLk market was fi-m, but beef, butter, and cheee were unchanged. The iron market was ateady; 300 tonx of Scotch pig had been sold at $29 to $30, six months. Freight continued dull, though there ws no material change in rates. Tob.acco ws quoted, but the feeliug had improved, owing to advices from New Orleans The Mongolia, hence, at New York; and tho Protector, hence, at San Francsco. The brig Roberb, of London, Jptmin Cowling5 from Cadiz for New York, with a cargo of wine, went ashore on Thursday, the 13th inst, two miles eatof South Hampton Village.
DEPARTURE OF THE COURT FOR SCOTLAND. This morning Her Majesty, accompmnied by his Royal Highnes the Prince Conaort, their Rtoyal Highnesaes the Princes Royal, Princess Aice, Prmce Arthur, and the Princse Helena and Louis, and &Wtendea by the usual suite, started at 8 o'clock in the Royal train for ScotlanL' Her Majesty will arrive at Edinburgh at 6.30 this evening, rnd reume her journey at 8 to-morrow morning for BalmoraL;
LORDS. KENyOZq, RELNB6ROUOH, AN.D TBN TERDBN.* In a third volume confined to the biographies of the above-named worthies Lord Campbell has cor- leted his Lives of the Chief Justices, in addition to iformer series of the Lord ChanceLors of England; and the production of such supplements to a laborious professional life to a ifame honour. ably achieved at the bar and on the judicial Iej oh, is a proof of very considerable powers and of an industry which has not been surpassed 'In our time. If it is not the actual " teste " of ZLord Campbell's pretensions and the seal of his eminence, it is at least an illumination of his patent of nobility, and entitles him to a distinguished place hereafter in some future catalogae vf Royal and noble authors. But, in proporlon as it is all of this it muast not be pre)aumed to exempt him from tie common penalties of ,authorship, or to afford him immunity from the Atrictures of a just criticism. He has ahown a teniency to appropriate witbout suffioient acknowledgunent too large a proportion of the work of his conttmporaries, as we be2ieve Miss Strickland, Mr. *VI'elsby, and others have found reason to complain. Moreover, his inaccuracy in the use of bis materials, maew or old, is so exemplary that in some cases, as in his lives of Hatton and Bacon, his statements Lave been proved untrustworthy to a degree which vas never dreamt of when the public first greeted them with surprise and curiosity. There is this, however, to be said, that in covering with Dmbitious stride a larger space than any one could scan thoroughly axnd in all its details? he has unavoidably laid himself open to correction fr-om parZscons better inaformed upon special points than himaeIf. Putting aside this very obvious ground of complaint, we may accept the present volume as superior in merit to thome which have preceded it on account of Lord Campbell's personal acquaintance with its subjecte. Lord Tenterden has been dead a quarter of a century, but the recollections of Lord Campbell revert so far as to include pariculars of the earliest life in this concluding volume. Lord Campbell was a student when Lord Kenyon was celebrated and flattered as a great magistrate, and ibe himself had a near prospect of becoming Chief Justice wben he commenced his memoir of this particular predecessor. Neither his proximity to the times of Lord Kenyon and his successors nor their community of station has, however, in the least degree fettered ris freedom. Ordinarly a writer speaks with deference and reserve of those he has .known in the flesh, and this treatment, though amiable or intelligible, often conveys to the reader cmu inadequate presentment of the person portrayed. But Lord Campbell has no such delicate reticence, and aims rather at a faithful view of his subject 'which errs, as we shall see hereafter, in a contrary direction. It is the peculiar attribute of this volume that he speaks so unreservedly, and to the be3t of his judgment gives us so frankly, and sometimes so sharshly, his opinion of his own contemporaries. Ldord Kenyon, who wvas hailed as the restorer of the rigd doctrine of the Year Books, is thus prosented to us with all his deficiencies, and, as an Irishman would say, this is a tolerably wide prospect. 3Kenyon was the son of a Welsh squire and was born 1n 1732, at Gredington, in Fintshire. We was taught to read at a dame's sebool, and sent thence to the Iree grammar school of Ruthin,where he stayed long enough to acqulire " a litUe Latin in addition to his Welsh and English ;" but he never knew even the Greek characters, and of no other language had ]ie a smatteriog, except some law phrases in Norman F'rench. He neve- advanced further in the abstract sciences than the "Rule of Three," and he is said piously to have believed to his dying day that the Bun goes round the earth once every 24 hours. With this slender outfit, represented here, in all probability, as slenderer than it really was, Idoyd Eengon vas launched in search of preferment; and, as he was declared to be the "cutest" of four brothers, Lie was dedicated to the law with the view of making him eventually a Welsh attorney. He was articled at Naantwich, and took to his clerkship laboriously but kindly, endeavouring even to emulate a brother clerk, who had an unprofessional turn for poetry, in some stanzas to " Wynnstay," the seat of the Welsh hero and demigod, Sir Watld'n Williams Wynn, regarded by all true Welshmen as the representative of their native princes .- * There Wathin stood firm to Britanniase cause, " Guard of her ancient manners and her laws. "Oh, great good man / borne on the wings of fame, *Far distaht ages shall revere thy name; "While Clwyd's streams shall lave the verdant meads, "And Snowdon's mountains raise their lofty heads; "While goats shall o'er thv hills, 0 Cambria, stray, "And day succeed to nigh0, and night to day; "So long thy praise, 0 Wiams, shall remain, " Unsullied, fzee from dark oblivon's chain." Thus sang the attorney's clerk, to the consternation of his friends, who feared that his poetical talents might divert him from his professional pursuits, and to the amusement of the clerks, his colleagues, who laughed at his muse, and so put a stop to his poetic dalliance for ever. At a later period he was disappointed also in his expectations of being taken into partnership by his master, the attorney; but, his elder brother dying suddenly and leaving hbim heir to the smaU fwnily estate, by his family's ambition rather than by his own he was in 1850 lransferred as a student to the Mfiddle T nple, and Estalied in the fourth story of Brick-co as apreliminary to higher grades of the legal profession. Here he was diligent and untiring in his legal studies, plodding at his law books, or Mttending his former master's town agent to learn the mode of conducting suits at,d the preparation of business for Westminster. Ele also attended the-Courts, taking zotes, which have since been published in two volumes of reports, and he siraAtaneoualy kept accounts of the expenses which a, slender income allowed him, and of which accounts Lord Campbell ctates that they "are still preserved, and contain :mysterious abbreviated items, which have given rise to much speculation and laughte;," but which, Lord Campbell believes, " may be explained without the slightest slur being cast upon his ever exemplary morals." In his student stage he becameacquainted, in the Middle Temple-hal, with Eorne Tooke and Dunning, and they used to dine together at a Chancery-lane eatinghouse ,"paying 7id. a-head for their dinner. Tooke, in gofng an account of these repasts many years after, iust d to say, " Dunning and myself were generous, for we gave the girl who waited on us a penny apiece, but Kenyon, who always knew the value of money, rewarded her with ;a halfpenny, and sometimes with apromise." After he was called to the bar he remained for many years thus obscure and poor, and rode the North Welsh Circuit on a Welsh pony to little purpose until, after Le had been ten years in such scurvy practice, he was desirous of taking orders if he could have obtained the present0tion to a small living to which Lais aspirations-were limited. At this stage Donning, vho was now making thousands a-year, befriended him by engaging him us his " fag" or "devil," and- many hundreds of opinions which Dunning had never read were copied ;iam Kenyon's MS. by Dunning's clerk, and signed by Dunning's hand. Yet the recompense was deferred, for for some time the only feturn which Dunning made was in franlkiDng Kenyon!'s letters to Iiis Welsh relations. On. one of these occasions lie wounded Kenyon's Welsh pride by directing a letter lto Gredington, Flintshire, North Wales, near Chester. " Take back your frank, sir," cried the fiery Cambrian, " I shall never ask you for another?" and lie was flying away in a towering pmsion until Dunning contrived to appease him.' As it oozed out in the profession that Dunnings Dpinions were written by Kenyon, the attorneys thought they might as well go at once to the formtasn head, where they might have the same supply of pure law at much les cost. Case with low fees accordingly came to him in vast numbers and he Jbecame a noted case-answerer. Otherwise Dunning could not help him mueb; having himadlf resumed his stuff gown and gone into hopeless opposition. Kenyon's rise out of his chamber seclusion is attributed, however, to his having made a few useful observations as ainicus' curim, In 'the presence of Lord Thurlow. That 'legal lIon was in the habit of usfigthe learned Harave to prepare notes for his judgments; but Hrgrave was slow and dilatory, and enraged the said lio oonsiderably. Thurlow, therefore, engaged Renyon, and was delighted to find thit he' had fui b srnoo 'iequickest, instead of the motlat gui , of-jpupaen. Though he treated his "'fie roughly5 invariably calling him "Taffy," he conoeived a per- ~Oa lking for hn, and rsolved treward him by. itaisainS him to the bench. When, therefore, the cldef-lusticeship of Cheater vas vacant, and a oes±aJn fea'eant Davenport, wrho might be auppoed to have Shad claim for this appointmnt, made bis applies- *2VU Lives of t7te Chief .Tujkej Of England from UW wom4n Conqwat till Ote Dew)A of Lard ro,&,?dcn. Johzz, Lozd O-pbell, & VOL 3. Miay; Lmdonm l tion in the laconic 3tyle supposed to xuit Thprlow's humour, writing, " 1'he chief-justXceshp. of Ohestee is vacant-am I to have it?" the e 1ually concise but more emphatic Tblrlow replied, "No, by God; Kenyon shall have it," and Kenyon got it accordingly. It is a reflection which Lord Campbell.appeasr to endorse, that we get on in the world more by receiving favours than by conferring them, and such was Kenyon's experience with respect to his patron the Chancellor. The latter, incited by the 8narliug criticisms against his protgg, undertook to push his fortunes, negotiated his return to the Bouse of Commons, and thus put hima in the way to become Attorney-General. Kenyon may well be said in this particular to have had " extraordinary luck," for, though in lucrative practice, he had no forensic reputation. There are only two criminal trials in which he is stated ever to bave been engaged, and one of these was the trial of Lord George Gordon,whomhe defended to the imninent peril and alarm of his noble client, who was rescued in his extremity by the eloquence of Kenyon's associate Erskine. If the trial had concluded with Kenyon's speech it was the general impression that the jury without leaving the court would have found the prisoner guilty. Kenyon, again, was equally ineffective in theHouse of Commons,yet whenLord North's Government was put out and Lord Rockingham and the Whigs came in, Lord Thurlow, continmngto the astonishment of all mankind to hold the Great Seal, contrived to place his old "' devil" in the position of Attorney-General. It should be added that Dunning, a member of Lord Rlockingham's Cabinet, w-as naturally supposed to have favoured Kenyon's elevation. In his new position it is said that he was at first puzzled by questions of international law, but that he qualified himself gradually for this novel duty, while in municipal law he was prompt and decisive. He spoke, however, only on one subject till ejected by the Coalition Ministry, when he stil pertinaciously followed up the same subject from his antipathy5 says Lord Campbell, to the famiy of Fox, but, as he himself contended, from a sense of " the duty he had sworn to perform"-of compelling Paymasters to account for the interest of the balances in their hands. Still retainin,g the Ohief Justiceship of Chester, he tried the famous indictment against the Dean of St. Asaph for libel, in which he exhibited his characteristic Latin, and the Dean the political taste and temper of the age. Employing the classical quotation which he was inthe habitof introducing as particularly applicable whenhe thought it wes time to put an end to any discussion, " Modus in rebus," said he, " there must be an end of things." The Dean of St. Asaph melodramatically protested for an immediate decision. " Let me, if innocent, once more stand up as an honest, injured man; if guilty, let me be dragged to a dungeon." So violent was the fever of constitutionalism in those days that deans, under its influence, could explode in this fashion. The case, however, instead of the culprit, was dragged up by certiorari, and came on eventually before Mr. Justice Buller, when in the following year the memorable struggle took place between him and Erskine. In the spring of 1784, on the death of Sir Thomas Sewell, the Master of the Rolls, Kenyon claimed the vacant office, and it was conceded to him. Lord Campbell avers that Pitt had no high opinion of him or his pretensions, but thnat lie was endeared to the Premier by YerviCes connected with the Westminster election. It is known that, in order to qualify himself to viote for Mr. Cecil Wray against Fox, his house being without the limits of Westminster, while his stables were within it, he had had a bed fitted up in the hay-loft over his stables, and had slept in it several nights. Also, in respect of the " scrutiny" which followed, unlike Sir John Scott, afterwards Lord Eldon, he was a thick and thin supporter of this vexatious proceeding. Thus we can account for the dedication of the "1Rolliad" which came out soon after, " To Sir Lloyd Kenyon, Bart., Master of the Rolls," and for his portrait, with the description commencing thus:- "Behold th' engraver's mimic labours trace "The sober image of that sapient face," &c. The bed in the atable-loft was, of course, too ample a target to be missed, and the horse;, in whose interest it was alleged he had polled, were invoked to convey him comfortably for the future "0 ! may they, gently pacing o'er the stones, "With no rude shock annoy thy batter'd bones, *Crush thy jtudicial cauliflower, and down "Shower the mbed lard and powder o'er thy gown."' At the end of the Rolliad there is a supposed letter of KRenyon to the HIigh Bailiff, apologizing for not paying the damages in which FOx had cast him, on the plea of his (Eenyon's). poverty; and particularly alluding to a story generally circulated that he went to Court in a second-hand suit .of clothes, bought by him from Lord Stormont's valet de chambre, of which, says Lord Campbell himself, I I have heard Jekyll assert that Lord Kenyon never used a poket-handkerchief ihis life till he found one in the poket of this very waistcoat, which pocket-handkerchief he ought to have returned, as it was not included in the bargain." Thus Kenyon's efforts connected with the Westminster scrutiny brought him into trouble and discredit, so that he wrisely resolved to renounce politics and to stick to his judicial du,ties& The last time he addressed the House of Commons was in support of Sir Elijah Impey, whose case he rather damaged by intemperance, thereby playing into the hands of Burke and Francis. At the Rolls he appeared to nmuch greater advantage, though unable to read a single page of the Pandects, and wholly unacquainted with the Roman civil law. Lord Campbell quotes a few of the most favourable specimens of his judgments, which were ordinarily clear and' sound, though wanting method. He despatched business with celerity and precision, so much so that Lord Eldon afterwards said to his son, "I am mistaken if, after I am gone, the Chancery Rtecords do not prove that, if I decided more than any of my predecessors in the same period of time, Sir Lloyd Kenyon beats us all." This compliment Lord Campbell considers Kenyon to have well deserved, though awarded in virtue of a comparL4on which is of no great advantage, as Lord Eldon, in disposing of cases, if one of the surest, was also notoriously one of the slowest judges who ever sat on the Bench. Such, however,, was the different opinion whicb, curiously enough, it now appears his dilatory Lordship entertained of his own performances. Soon afterwards Lloyd Kenyon was qualifiea as a sitter for Lord Campbell's gallery by bectening Chief Justice of the King's Beneh on the retirement of Lord Mansfield. Mansfield anxiously desired that Justice Buller should succeed him, and so remained shut up in his villa at Caenwood, disabled by age and infirmity, yet without resigning, In order to bring about the wished for arrangement. It was even necessary to hint to him, as to another emii~ent man who has since sat in the same seat, that his retention of the office was an abuse of the statute which made judges irrevocable, before he could be got to sign his resignation. When he did at length resign, Sir Ioyd Kenyon was. sworn in as his successor, and on the aame day was cre ted Baron Kenyon of Gredington. in the counts of Flint. With respect to his promotion, Lord Ca,mp- I bell states that *at the time it was fnuch disrelished. " The gibes of the Rolliad circulated -in society " he had offended several barrister by his hasty and uncourteous manner, and there was an illiberal apprehension that, because he-had pracid wbile at the bar in a court of equity, he must be unfit to preside mn a court of law. EBuller, on. the contrary, was not only "the prince of gp6cial pleaders," and really had dohoe thebusinegs of I the meig's Bench exceedingly.wellfor two years,b Ithe had been in the frequent habit of inviting all grwdes of the profession to the genial d,.whqre they flowing cups as well as flowing courtesy." Nevertheless Kenyon soon appeared to advantae in Westminster-hall, and, altho6ugh not free & r; considerable defects, turned out in spite 'of them to be a very eminent common law judge. - In the House of Lords he was not so aucceewfil. Ho never brought forward any Bill for the *oend- ment of the law, nor did'he even attend to *116 jidiciaI business of the House of Lords. On the other hand, he maintained the untenable' positiot that l6simpe achmenthadabatedbythedissol'tion of Parliament; he strongly opp,o the 1ill pre-. vent vexatious suits for small tithes, and he opposed Foi's Bill for naking juriex'the judges of the lr-as well as of the fact in case of libeL. I neithr "Of these inlrtanoes did he distinguish himself £s a legis lator,; and- Lord Campbell observes, that if a Ckefs Justice is to do so little for the public as WI peer there seems no reason why ke should be enndb.l. On the other band, his devotion to his dutie {a Weatminater.hall, his professional learning, his energy, and his probity obtained general approbation. His defects were of a very obvious clas. Of his small stock of Latin he was in the habit of makiug a most ludicrousdisplay. Besidez 4"modus;inrebus," he.would say that, in advancing 'to a right eonclruaion he was determined stasre super aiw. v7, and 'when he declared that there waa pilpable fraud in a case, he would add "'apparehtly latet avgui.s in. herbd." LIord Eenyon, in addition to. his indiscreet dealings with .ths classics$ had also to contend with a Cambrian and ungovernable temper. For a few weelks alter taking hui seat as Chief Justice he is said to have surprised hia friends with a show of coxtrtesy, but he soon gave up the unequal contest, and his brother judges, the bar, and the solicitors were by unsE the victinis of his choler. It is said by a barrister who praotised under him that "' he was impatient even of ant expression of doubt of the infallible rectitude of what he had delivered as his judgment ;" and "whenever his brother jadges venturedto overrule his decisions his manner evinced as much testinesu as if he. had received a personal affront." So also to the bar, with the exception of his favourites, of whom Erkldne was the chief, II he gave loose to an unchecked effusion of intemperate expression, and his language was not chastened by the strict rule of good. breeding." Like the rain which falls on the just and the unjust, plaintiffs and defendants, barristers and Eolicitors, juniors and seniors, were equally sprinkled with his asperities. As respects his judgments, it has often been asserted that " Lord Kenyon restored the shnmDlicity and rigour of the common law," but it would be more correct to say that he successully resisted Lord Mansfield's attempts to bring about a fusion of law and equity. Ha thus maintained against the latter authority that no action at law can be maintained for a legacy, &c. On the other hand, he sufficiently maintained the rigour of the law in sentences incommensurately heavy with the offences in question. When two debtors in the Fleet prison affixed on the gate the following advertisement,-" This house to be let. Peaceable possession will be given on or before the 1st of January, 1793, being the commencement of the first year of liberty in Great Britain,"-to the gratification of his anti-Jacobin fervour they were convicted of a seditious libel, and sentenced to stand in the pillory. John Frost, an attorney, for a few intemperate words relative to monarchy and republicanism uttered in a coffeehouse over his wine, was sentenced to be imprisoned for six months, to stand in the pillory at Charing-cross, to find sureties forhis good behaviour for five years, and "to be. struck off the roll of attornies of this court," whereby, says Lord Campbell, he was to be rendered infamous, and to be irretrievably ruined. So also, on the trials' of Perry, of the Moonting Chronide, of the Rev. Gilbert Wakefield, of Cuthill, and others, Lord Kenyon distinguished himself by the Draconian rigour with which he resisted opinions which he imagined to be revolutionary. On the trial of Williams for publishing Paine's Age of Reason he riade the lip, which is improved so considerably in Coleridge's Table Talk, of citing Julian with Justin Martyr, &c., as an apologist for Christianity, but it does not appear from the report of his judgment that he went, as Coleridge avers, to the length of denominating him "Julian the Apostle." At this point we come upon one of the passages which make the present volume so importaik as preserving for us the personal recollections of the biographer. "I now come," says Lord Campbell, "To a trial at which I was myself actually present-th3 prosecution of Hadifield for ahooting at George ItL. On the 28th of June, 1800, beiDg yet a boy, for the first time in my life I entered the ourt of King's Bench, and with these eyes I beheld Lord lKenyon. The scoene was by no means so august as I bad imagined to myself. I expected to see the judges sitting In the great hall, which, though very differently constructed for magnificence, might be compared to the Roman Foram. . The place where the trial was going on was a small room enolosed from the openl space at the south-east angle, and here were crowded together the judges, the jury, the counsel, tho attorneys, and the reporters, with i ttle accommodation for bystanders. My great curiosity was to see Erakine, and I was aMazingly struck by his noble features and animated aspect. Mitford, the Attorney-Genera seemed dull and heavy, but Grant, the Solicitor-General, immediately inspired tie notion of extraordinary sagaoliy. Law looked logical and sarcastio. Garrow verified his designation of 'the tame tiger.' There were five or six rows of counsel,- robed and wigged sittiav without the bar-but I had never heard the name of any of them mentioned before. I 'was surprised to find the four judges all dressed. eFatly alike,. This not bena aantsday, the Chief Jstico did not wear his collar of 38 to dis. tinguishhim from his brethren.* There vs an air oF superiority sbout him, as if aocustomed to give rile, but his physiognom was- coarse and conrtcted. Mr. iJustice 1roe's aspect twas very foolish, but he -was nt by any means a fool, as he showed by being in the right when he differed from the rest.t -Mr. Justice LAwrences smile denoted great aeutenessanddiscimination. Mr. Justice Le Blanc looked prim and precise. From the opening of the case by the Attorney-Generwl I formed a very low estiI mate of the eloquence of ilie Erglishar* but when Ersldnfe began the defence he threwr me into a pi,renzy of admiration, and indeed I shLould have been fit for nothing had I been less exccited; for this was perhaps hia chqf dkeuv-e, an, therefore, she finest speech ever delivered at the Englisht Kenyon interposed, after several -witnesses had proved the mental haUueination of the prisoner, and directed an acquittal, authorizing, however, very properly the detention of the lunatic, though at that time the statutes legalizing such detention I were not passed. Of the many decisons by which he deservea So be favourably remembered some were of great importance. For example, in a trial ariaink out of the conduct of Jlorne Tooke and his associates he laid down the true constitutional doctrine, since affirmed by Act of Parliament, respecting the power of the two Houses to print and publish. On the other hand, he ruled, in the Earl of Abingdon's case, that a peer was not privileged himself to publish a speech delivered by him in the House of Peers with a view to libel an individual, and he very justly sentenced the said Earl to imprisonment. In the case of Madame Mara, the singer, he took occasion to restrain the excessive interpretation of the liability for consequential damages which was then so popular. He also discountenanced the rapacity of surveyors, and charged for heavy damages against the manufacturers of slander. Yet in actions for crim. con. his ardent love of morality, as the cases cited prove, tended frequently to blnd his judgment. In the furious war which he also carried on against gaming, threatening to pillory "the first ladies in the land," he incurred the strictures of the Earl of Carlisle, whose chivalry was aroused to the point of stigmatizing the " legal monks utterly ignorant of human nature and of the ways of men, I who were governed by their own paltry prejudices, and thxought they. must be virtuous in proportion as Ithey were coarse and ill-mannered." The imputa-I tion of being a "legal monk" excited L ord Kenyon's indignation, and he frequently complained of it, or referred to it by innuendo in his observations to juries, till it is said that Lord Carlisle at length threatened to bring. him before the House of Lords for a breach of privilege. No case of witcheraft ever came before Lord Kenyon, "so," says Lord Campbell, "we do not .certainly know iis opinions upon this d subject." But he was enthusiastically devoted to the doctrine that, although the statutes againstforesflusng and regratiaig had, "in an evil hour," been ropealed, .any such offence was still a misdemeanour at com- mon law, and deserved to be punished with exems-| plary severity. His decisions in such aseas are tooI elaborate to be quoted, but they are of a nature to move our astonishment on the one hand, and on the other to rejoice our common sense that such doe- I trines are now exploded. In " Hayeraft v. Creamy," a case of a different . kind, Lord Kenyon was overraled by his brother judges, and the mortification which he suffered was supposed to have occasioned his death. En the autumn of 1801, gazing into the open tomb of his first born, he it said to have' exclaimed, "It is large enough for botL." Atall evemit., the death of this son or " Haycraft v. Creasy," it is difflcult to say which, shortly finished him. He was no longer able to hold up is head, and not even Ia case ffl 'he Oxford' Circuit could excite him. A' soon as term was over he went into Wales; soon afteirwards t6 Bath; blat after a few weeks' illness he died, in 1802, and was buii6d in the grave for which he prepared himself, beaide the son whom he grea#ly lamented. From the facts already mentioned the leading features of his character are sufficiently obvious to dispense with a recapitulation. But afew ilIuqtra-. tions reialiwbico? ie too laughableto bh apateAq. ' His parimouy and irmsibility.are both indicated in the deseriptionxof his. houeo -in Iqoln's-ipn-414s, where. "all the' ;ear .tbrough. it wFa *Jn$* iS 4 kitchen: and Passioa We Iik theo pariour.5'' oAae onle having mentioned that, although theSe Letas i very dull fil the kitchen gr'ao, th ts were al*at bright-." it is quite irrelevan; ' ahd Jakbyll, "4'to * Thio ws writton beforA I had taken my eat as Chif Jut3ce; and I had erroneously supposed that the collar of :S -, wora on saintse days, along Lwith the uzle a t " Grone's justice, with his lantern jawx, " Throws light upon the English laws." Comvplirantury Evigram by h talk about Athe Spi#s, for notbing, urs u pon thenL"' ;A-AordiDg, to the joke of hia succeasor, he studied economy even in the hatchment put up over his house on his deatb. The motto was certainly found to be morsjanua vita, this boing at -firt supposed to be the mistake of the painter. But wbien it was mentioned to Lord EUenborough, stMistake V" exclaimed hia LordMhip, "' it iu no mistake. The considerate testator left particular directions in his will that the estate should not be burdened with the expense of a diphthong I"
ATLANTIC TELEGRAPH. TO TEHE EDITOR OF THE T ES. Sir,-According to a statement in your journal your reporter was nqt permittedc to be present at the recent meeting of the Atlantic Telegraph Company directors. Since then only official versions of what took place on those occaaions have been allowed to appear. Now, I am quite willing to admit that there may be good reasons for this secrecy, but, as it at least shows that the directors have something to conceal, they must not be surprised if both the public and the shareholders regard their ex parte statements undaer such c1rcumstances 'with considerable mistrus6t. 'nfortunately, I have had much knowledge of most of the circumstances connected with the mnanufacture and late attempt to lay the Atlantic cable, and this knowledge induces me to think, that the directors have used the advantages which they possess of hushing matters up rather unscrupulouly. I will not stop to allude to the serious errors which were committed in the manufacture of the cable itself, and which I felt with sorrow at the time foreboded the mismanagement that would eventually ruin all; but simply ask why have not the directors informed the shareholders and the public of al the circumstances connected with the late failure. If the repovts of the directors are to be rehed on, then the statements which are abroad among scientific men are unfounded, and should at once be shown to be so on the most direct testimony. For instance, is it true that during the Agamemmon's trip to Ireland her paying-out machinery was so stiff and unsuited to the work that it occasioned the loss of the whole or greater portion of the piece of cable with which they were testing it ? Did a similar accident, from the same cause, aoaiin occur at Queenstown, when it was attributed to the cable fouling an anchor ? Was the machinery on board the Niagara found, on trial, to be stiU stiffer, and therefore worse, tham the terrible array of wheels on board the Agamemnon, and did an experiment with it in the harbour occasion a further loss of cable; did it lose 11 miles more at Valentia, and did it eventually snap the shoie end calculated to bear a strain of 40 or 50 tons ? When the Niagara was 200 miles at sea did the messagesto the shorebecome so faint thatthey were constantly obliged to telegraph back to the ship for them to be repeated, and even after being so repeated was a considerable time lost before theyoould be made out ? Did many of the leading gentlemen connected with the undertaking state that they believed they wothld not be able to lay the present cable, but that with the experience they would derive in losing it they would be able to lay the next ? Finally, is it true that the most eminent of our electricians consider that the scientific portion of the undertaking has been conducted in a most slovenly and neglectful manner, and that our greatest engmee-. were utterly opposed to the mechanical appliances for paying the cable out? I enclose my card, and have the honour to remain your most obedient servant. Brighton, Atg. 27. B. TO THE EDITOR OF TME TIMES. Sir,-I am not a shareholder in the Atlantic Telegraph Company, but as some of my friends are I naturally have felt very deeply interested in the progress of the great undertaking. I was certainly alarmed by an article whieh appeared in your widelycirculated journal last July, and which, in describing t,he machinery for laying dowrn the telegraph; ;aid: " The apparatus to be used in paying out the cable Is looked upon by engineers as very iii adapted to Itz purpose. With a cable of such extreme lightness and no great stren6th, the slightest po}sble check or hitch ocourrin woul part. it likeo a The friction drama shoull therefore have been of the slightest kind consistent with preventing a rush. Yet, It is no exaggeration to say that the machinery intended to be used is the very reverse of all this, and its massive aspeot strikes dismay into every well-wisher of the soheme."-The TiNme, July 24. As I have said, Sir, this confident prediction rather alarmed me, though my misgivings were partly removed by the statement of the engineers of the company a few days afterwards, in which, referring to the experimental trip to Ireland, they replied to your strictures by saying " The streDgth of the girders which carry the bearings of the entire apparatus, and which to the eye of a person unskdlled in the practical working of this description of machinery may seem at first to be unduly ponderous, was fonnd to contribute greatly to the esy motion and satisfactory steadiness of this most important agent in the success of the undertaking."-The wimes, Aug. 1. Now, Sir, after the steed is effectually gone and the truth of your remarks about the machinery has been unfortunately verified, the directors of the Telegraph Company come forward and publish, as the result of a grand deliberation, that " With regard to the machinery, we are of opinion that the form of controlling power adopted and the mode of lubricating and adjusting the breaks adlmit of very great improvement."-iames, Aug. 26. There has evidently been a blunder here on some one's part. Will the directors, for their own sakes, and for the sake of the confidence which the public ought to feel in the succeas of their great enterprise, explain how it has occurred, and what precaution will be taken to prevent its repetition on the next ococaion ? Yours most obedientlv. A CONSTANT READER. London, Aug. 27. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Tho plan of paying out the Atlantic telegraph wira has often been discussed at our mess table, and we always thought that the greatest difficulty would be found in payiDg out the wire in heavy weather ; but, not knowing what machinery was on board, nothing further was said. Now that an accident has occurred I venture to offer a remedy. All men-of-wars large boats are fitted with an up and down trunk in the centre, communicating with the water tbrough the bottom of the boat. Why should not the sbip bh fitted in a similar way, as then in the roughest weather the strain on the wire would be always the same, the ship pitching only causing a fore and aft motion in the centre, and not an up and down one as it does at the stern I am, Sir, your obedient servant. R. N.
LAMENT OF A MAID IN PRISON. (From FPnch.) To think what I am come to from a comfortable plaoe! Here I ham a pickia hocum, brought to troublo and dis. grace; And alowanced to baze wittles tnat had meat 'with hevery, mneal , ]aU alon,g of beie' tempted In a hevil 'our to steaL Drat that there rag and bone warus !-if Ird never sia their. I might hate kep in service and hare lired In lenty stUll 11,I to their pesrsuasions hiadn't nqver lent my mnvd, And ne'erkn,w'd what hard labouz was, whichno;,aL I~ ~~~~~~~~~~n find., Ifind. , *~~~~rhch now, alass, I first begun with-kitching stuff disoin', on the sly And thenI 8old tho dnppin' which I ort to have put by; Tlo melt it down Eor gravy when I had a jini to roast, Not content 'with sprezain' butter tlpon hoth sides of my Bones also I got rid of, whioh for stock I shoald have saved, Which I repent, of when I thinks how fool-like I be-avel: Then hott]eato the wine-merchant's that back wrs to have And so to towels, napkins, apsd sioh-Uke, I soon got on. 'Twas very stoopid on me-tWat much 1 will confess And next I took to priggin' andEo sellm' bits of dress. One thing leads to"anothez', anet bne dbhs't know where one *stops,_ NWhen one begins to 6tcal things for to sell to them there ahope. At last, ill-luck wonld have it, by chance, as I may ray, Somespoons and forks was maiax', ando urhMsainaway; The servants a*1 denied it, both the others and ine too, And sore we wasn't capable aich wickedness to do. '8t Missua wouldn't listen to a word; and did insist, And would hve a policemau in to sah for what wi mit; -gois into our bedrooms, Fad everythink unleeks , Lo andhol4 you I ther,e they was, aincreted iny wbox. I 'a thei'dlshone.t courses by degmeas as I purdsueI EHii led me from good service to penal seritude. " Taliii ~nIn' -" ott mald-aerat thntihe&r my erie. tn( ~~~ gnsw~~~~~~her Aud'don! zyou steal' to sell at shops that dela ' rgs ild TH E NLw IA2DrNaSsTA.Gx AT LMMPOOL.-At the meeting of the Liverpool Dock Commitee yesterday It was stated that the new floating unding-stw for ocean,oing amens will bo formally opened bt Sbe comraitte on ueeday next, when they embark from it on their annul excurson to inspecting the floating lights, &o. It WLiU then be opened to the ?ublic,
WORCESTER MDYSBJAL FESflYAL. (YR1OM OVRU OWN RXPOETER.) WQROESTER, AUGUST 27. AIhough hsastay inWosetateydid oteee 4 hour the Dake of Cambridge made the best use of his time and was visible as often and oni as many different spots as p ticable. Last night bi lRoyAl 'ighness attended th conP at Colleehill, and after'twards partook of refreshment in the Chap%er h6use library, at the inviiation of the Dean. This morning he assisted at early-service (8 o'clock) in the cathe. dral; subsequently inspected the great porcelain manufac. tori of th 'Messrs. Keir (late Ch m'brlainsX t4#rjssing great interest in all he saw and showing his sincerity by making several purchasesT-and, lastly, hoard a portion of Mendelssohn's -Hymn of Praisc in the. cathedraL His Royal Higbness Itfc Worcester by rail at a quarter to L His presence has everywhere created the greatest excitement, and, brief as was the duration of bis vEist, it exercised a beneficial influence on the prospes of the festival, which, owing to harvest time, the races at Hereford, and ethet simultan eous cause,' had not previous to the arrival of his Royal Highness exactly come up to the general expeotations, notwithstanding the glorious weather that prevailed. The second evening concert was much better attended than the fnrt, and this was probably less owing to the temptations offered by the programme than to the anticipated presence of the Commander-in-Chief, whdse intention was revealed to all Woroester by means ofplacards _-"E. B. H. the Duke of Cambridge wil arrive at Woroester at 2 o'clock, and will attend the concert this evening." The good taste of such an advertisement may be questioned; bat the result proved that if Madame Novello, Signor Gardon], Herr Formes, and Mr. Sims Reeves had their attraction, the Dake of Cambridge had his also. The performances commenced with a selection from Der Frec,hutz, of which the overture and opening chorus were the first pieces. These we bave known produce more effect because better executed; but Mr. Sims Reeves made ample amends by his very fine singing in " Thro' the forests ," while Herr Formea in the Bacchanalian song, which he. gave with prodigious spirit, winning (and' taking) an encore, kept up the good impression; and this was in no way diminished byMadameNovello,in the great scene of Agaths-Anglie, " Softly sighs the voice of evening." The other pieces were the trio from the second act (by Medsamee Hepworth, Weiss, and Mr. Montem Smith); the beantiful romance of Agatha, violoncello accompaniment, so great a favourite with Jenny IAnd, extremey well sung by Madame Weiss; the Bridesmaids' Chorus, and the Huntsmen's Chorus, neither of which lst could be complimented for precision and delicacy. The Duke of Cambridge entering the hail while MadameWeiss was singing, the performance of that lady wu arrested and the mational anthem substituted, the solos being delivered with marked energy by Madame Novello and Mr. Sims Reeves. All the audience rose to welcome his Royal Highness, aed remained standing during the anthem, at the end of which Madame Welss resumed the song she had temporarilyabandoned, beginning again from the beginning, amid great applause. Valentine's air from the 4th act of the Huguenots, sung by Miss Dolby in her best manner, suggested a comparison between the styles of Weber and Meyerbeer, from which both may be said to have come forth with honour. The two were fellow-students under the notorious Abbe Vogler, a name which is likely to pass down to posterity through the celebrity of pupils whose genius was a proof against the most absurdly pedantic system ever inculcated. Auber'e delicious barcarole, "Young Agnes," from Fra Diavolo came next, It was sung by Sig. Gardoni with the utmost grace and feeling, and repeated at the desire, we believe, of the Duke of Cambridge. The first part ended with an extremely neritorious performance of Mendelssohn's first pianoforte concerto, by Mr. W. G. Cusins, who would have deserved still greater praise had he taken the last movement (the opening more especially) at the proper speed. The second part is subjoined- Symphony-(No. 8) Beethoen. Reidttlyo and Air-" Oh ruddler than the - cherry," . - - HandeL Song-" The Arab Maid, " Jon B h ruett. DuLotto-" Amor i pcssentenome r- RorfnL Flon-" The Viuwge Blackanith," Weis. Oavatlna-" Al fotse s Inc," Verde. Quarteo-(Rigoletto). VerdL Benediction of the Ponierd3 .ejerbeer. The glowing love-song of Polyphemus was given wlgh immense spirit by Mr. Thomas, our young and rising English bass; Mr. John Barnetto "Arab Maid," a new ballad and a very pretty one, was sung with feeling by Miss Palmer, whose method of producing the voice, however, belongs to a false school, and (as the voice itself is good) should be carefully considered; Madame Novello and Mr. Sims Reeves took strange liberties with the onoe so popular duet from Rossini's Arrmida, almos the only unforgotten piece ia that unremembered opera, and which is melodious and beautiful enough to be sung in Its purity, as Malibran and Rubini used to aing it; Mr. Weiss gave his own " Village Blacksmith" in his own accustomed hearty maner; Miss Lonisa 'mning was encored in the last movement of the air from La Traviata, which she executed with a great deal of dash and brillianey in spite of the carelessmess and irregularity of the orchestral aceompaniment; the quartet from the lat act of PjoleUo iMadame Novello, Miss D1bly, Signor Gardoni, and Herr Formes) "w went"-almost to pieces; and the great choral secne from thefonrth act of the Huguenots by no means reached the Royal Italian Opera standard at. the late Covent-garden Theatre. The symphony of Beethoven-the one in F, which some have entitled the " ballet symphony," from the vein of exquisite tune that runs through it, although it presents many of the most daring strokes of its composer's very original genius-was not quite so well played as the symphony of Mendelssohn on Tuesday, and that, it may be remembered, was by no means irre. proachable, The violoncello accompaniment in the trio (as recently established by Professor Bennett at the Philhar. monia Concerts) was assigned to one instrument instead of several. This was " according to Beethoven," and, the task devolving upon Mr. Lucas, the passages were exeouted with the accustomed acocracy of that experienced musician. The symphony in other respects was marked by a want of finish and a want Qf " point" that rerdered its performance anything rather than satisfaotory, It was listened to, nevertheless, with undeviating attention, the majority, without possibly knowing why, being evidently relieved by this long ana continuous piece of the satiety inseparable from an uninterrupted succession of fragments. After the concert the more privileged among the audience repaired to the Chapter-house to avail themselves of the hospitality of the Dean. The musical parttof the early service to-day comprised "Venite," grand chant (Humphrey); psaims, double chant No. 101 (Dr. Crotch); service, Croft in A; and antbem, " Cry aloud and sbout" (Isaiah xiL 6) (Croft.) The choir was crowded to inconvenience; but it is to be feared the major part were tempted less by the devotional solemnity than by the knowledge that a certain illustrious personage would be present. That ilustrlous personage, however, set an example of devout and unremitting attention which well deserved being followed. The sum of 54 4s. 2d. was colleeted for the charity. The performances to-day In the cathedral consisted of Mendelssohn's .Hpmn of Pmr-xise, some pieces from Mr. Costa's Eli1 and various songs, duets, and chcruses from Handel's Israel in t gypi. The noble 'vork of Mendelssohn had never before been given at Worcester, and waa thereforp a great attrsotion, The execution on the whole -wav very good, and the effeet of the three orchestral movements far beyond what we could haie i6agined it would be in the nave of a cathedral. Evorydeil, eventothemicest combination, was clearly and distiuctly heArd, The choruses were not altogether sO &satisfact4ry, but tJie sublime grandeur'of that which foreshadows the redemption of mnankind, '"The night is departing, the day- is approaching," wasearnestly felt by all who.lis4ened Jto_t, its burst of massive harmony reverberating through the eisles, and its solemn meanng penetrating to- every heart, The corale, "IeL all mden praiseothe Lord," fist idl harmony, and then thundered forth byali thWe vois i ,1iidoi, to ani ngeniously-ela«or&te orchestral accompaniment, produoed an eqal impresslon. Never was psm tune xor majesgticlly arrayed than this by NeudelssAn; whosePau?us bad already proved bin j in,asteiin4ts kind of work?. The solo'pieces leff hlng to critIcise. lr. Siyns $,see,e was never morelhnpresdve in his delivery of that great nd ltAnsely moving cene," Tthe sorroWs of death," which typifies sincere repentance ind the promise of salvation; eor baa the duet, "I waited for the Lord," so moodiouly consoling, ben, more chmtel stng than by Madame Novello an M. Weiss. To be brief The Hp*ns of Praisc was complekly succesful; Its many be%q. tles'were fully understood and appriciated. The slction from hE afforded evident gratiflonacon. This comprized the w 0are-ong of Saph, splendidly declaimed by r. Simes ReeVet (to eomne af:er whom a such a piece would be x, ungralefdl teak for any other singer); the morning sud evenig prAyers-exqubitely suang. blr Mi Dolby- t trio for Samnel, Hannah, csad Elkanab, given 6etter than, perh&ApS On.-n previous occasio, -by. MAdame Novelld, Miss Doiby, ahd Mr.- °Monten S ithIp Use duet efor bassd (Mr. Wis atn Herr Formn), th'lorid air of Hannah,e" ill xtol Thee, 0 Lord " by - Madame Novello; the ban Waif, "Go in peae,"t hHer -Formes, all well sung; the unacoompanied Tu"At, and the chorus, "Hold not thype" in which tne mrch i ntrolRed. Of I in, r r,f orxtbheroeblce from la.gt masterpiece, whi termin0ted the mornI proeeodings, there is onlytl m1 mathat h eh,u "U y!e them hallatones," was repeated at a signal fion the tit p, thettb duet for bases, "Thb Lord isam..o war" (HerrFormez and Mir. Weiss), producedl wteccsoed effect; and that in " The enemuy sid, I will ursu,"lMr. Silms Reeves renewfed his Crytl Palac triumph The numbers present wrere 1,200. The amount eullected wa 45. 2s 8d.
MTORAZ(Oly-vr?"Xf Tjr rlm 13- ?! , i - ?; f f , CArffBDZAb. IHr, TO TBLZDITORJOE THE TIKEs* .-In addition. to the expecSed aCtior, f the mIe taistISW z;dhaei;xt 1&t!dio Warcceras-iovele t.a.stra of iligy ~ld~idot a3ttede* In tl,weck whh+ eb~ on byeircDeai ond Ohapte in 2h'e Of epbcopciPl rA ad; in:ia_c pomeseing the *r,oxgeet clsima upon the,. a4You ef every lover- -of ark kw b'-i, for u1 cause, almost escluded from thst di)igblm*ivedi geYlon which lai fafu2lilrised he, - prester' snumbeeA of: oll eethdid-;- W Mu, Linco)lO, XYork, Salitbury, Xly.s "# W,; UM M f mxteriabls for numerous popular ee,:s" and 44 h'e been in tve& a aln and eerer hrB beea ierittd to xiin with biioithui pawing and hurried notice, while s=ay sftzch,n1p for examples of its architecture bmoog the pralillo ifid vaZ series of recent arbldtecturAl wood engra'rlnjm. At WorcesteritselIf, however, ser*ha. exstdan jious watchfulneioverAhe cathedral, which hag roeadU:lMt* practical results of the utmost importance. The pglh ele nature of the red sandstone of ' Which a conslderblp portion of the fabric is constructd has long desamdk the actual reconstrudtion of tliose' parin whici late tklen the greatest sufferers; and thse zestorations haVe xAtTu&jV led to a desire to rntore the more decorative prts of tlisocthe. dral to their original condition. Such iestorations ihrpil;r 'would invdlye very considerable I oost, and thtle`thsy have nbt been Mttempted on :a apett' scale, while the art of medikeval architeotuMe was Imt, JM perfectly understood by Uw. It isindeed mo t that under the most favourable cirum stanee there are any piinful assoLtions inaepsaable from, the very' 4ps od architectural "resto.ations ;" the word .ibql. h)e Bn Aladdinll lkeimupressdozrconnected 'ith.t sliiet uting new edifices for old ones; ad e r oar cftsrch restorers havi bat too fbeuquent elid the ,involuntry suspicion of such a change.bj eai * ictiiiy o tks place. . '. ..^ The Dian aiid Chapter of YW&tcesterUv evidntly been actuated by sound views, and Utey ahio..haae 1dA advantage of gowd counsel in the'osk of e -toration !hich they have taken in hana. Their e'Athedral ba bIm to resunme its. pristine Aspept under their directl- TUh barbarous finoVitIoMB of one eiod,'e pro'iious whstewahngs'of another, and ithe.eai Sp of centuries have alike been made to yield to. -a qyn Gf treatment at once judicious ad, energetic. TI* work to he done wsaS a great *orL, d the autlorlti lar entered upon- it in -'a etnlargd sIrit, and Wih -a hand. Ihoh accordingly hbabeeh alresdyr Aceceika, niore yet remains6; but hibat'h6abeo dos4 bu -besen done so well that the rest, sooner or later, will notiosilosr The first thing determined on was the re.edifidion of the southern face of the l'eser transept, and of the enate eastern end of the cathedral; -of these w i;' the former has been effected hy taking down the ri. ginal masonry, repairing its in,juries, an, eplg every stone in its former pcsition. Where caring was. - sary the original remains have been studied 'wit scra. pulons care and in a beconiing spirit, andthe reslts arm equay satisfactory to the architec and the aztiqu&ry. Similar restoration is in progress to*'4bochthe ndrth and south at the eastern extremity of the presbytery; but it was found necessar,to rebuildlathe eut end of the chumh altogether afresh. This by theomost atrenuous exertionshas been completed within the Last fewr days, and the 3iiw work hu already been pronounoed to be " what-the origniteast endmusthavebeen." This ishigh oommendation,bat*e fully has the new design been studied from the oorespond. ing faces of the trasept-sll originally the work of the anne period and in all probability of the same artists-that at last we can refer to a work no lew importaintshan the new eastern end of one of our eathedrals-wlth almost unqualified satisfaction. The works now fizIhe& include the removal of their coats of whitewash from all the Porbeck marble shafts of the choir andt pre. bytery, and a complete restoration of the many mutilation which these beautiful parts of this cathedral bhi undergone. The 4reatment of the decorative aocesorltk which has restored them to their first condition of, eoellenco caunot be too strongly commended. The new carving ha all the genuine art-feeling as well as the precise character of the old, and in its execution it is of the very highest order. I shaUl not fail to watch witfh anxiod3 interest the progresa of the restoration of Wocester Cathfdral. The aisles of the qhoir and presbybery, those parts. of the transepts which have not yet been touched, together with the nave and its aisles, have all their own claims for the attention of the Dean and Qhapter. Then there'4 the vaulting of the entire church, and the wIndows' lso are well suited for the operations of artsts in giss. Nor should the inte;esting and historically, valuable- eries of monuments be neglected. And, again, mauph may be done on the exterior of the fabrio; there are buttresses, and corbel-tables, and windows, and many square yards of masonry, and, by no means leastAkthe series, there are sundry strange pinnales and a oerainoble tower which plainly declare what their requirements ae. I need not even glance now at other matters, but rwhlle all these things are yet to come I may, and I am bound to, congratulate the Dean and Chapter of Worcester, and the country - at 'large, on whit has been effected for thbi national edifice. Before any other great works are undertaken in. Vhis cath,dr.l I. shall . be, gId to see a reul record' of what ha been- done already-such a record as will specify the most minute details of the restorations, and I believe that we may shortly expect from the Diocesan Arphitectural Society of Worcester a memoir of their cathedral:which will include precisely such a record of the restoratons aa I refer to. In conclusion, I gladly bear my testimony to the care, diligenoe, and ability displayed throughout these re&tora. tions by the cathedral arehitect, Mr. Perkins, whq is a cititen of Worcester, and who has proved himself to be a worthy member of the living fraternity of Gothic artits. I am, Sir, yours, kc., AROCITECT.
THn BAnRACoKpon SXPOY Mviy or 1824.- Acorrespondenteays, "Aoirecsnntanoehu cometo myknow. ledge which, unless it had been fully authenticated, Icould scarcely have beUeved to be possible, much less tre. When the mutiny at Birackpore broke out in 1824 the ringleader, a Brahhiin of the 47th Regiment Nstive Infantry, was hanged on the edge of a tank, 'where a large tree no* ataadm, and which was planted on the spot to commemorte the fact; this tree, a sacred banian, is pointed-to by the Brahmins and others to this day as the spot where an uthol± ded was performed-' a Brahmin hanged.' This man was at the time considered in the light of a martyr, and his brans pooiah and worshipping utensils, consisting of small tray, Incense holders, and other bran rticlesuned by Bralmnins during their prayers, were carefully preserved and lodged in the quarter gu.rd of the regiment 43d Light Infantry at Barrackpore. The relics, worshipped by the 8epoj have bEen for 'S years in tho safe keeping of munn rei mnents, having by the operation of daily relief of the guarter gord pane4 ..tbrough the hia of 233, men, and have ths, serVeid to 'keep uirte in the breasts of mianr the re&olictidii6o1 a period of trouble, a ECene of mutiny, and its accompanying swift and terrible punishment, which had the xtensila not been present to their sight as confirmation Would7ptobably have been looked upon as fable, or'at the most as 4oubtfql stories. I woildB reoommendc that the holy relies of:i blocdy scene he decently buried by benigib" oft e ii510 d the ogh river, where, in the ocourse of a few weka orinonatb their very existence Will be for otte I eooneluaonu ca o wonder at theeiregiou folly of tirhe Mlita a om at Barrackpore in having so long tolerated wbat Ihsnow deccribed ._-Eng?ilshman. J A. IUesAs CoMPs0oMin.-Soine one aake m husband what a!hawer he wroild 'mike if the oirneorrn people demianded hsis 'OmL "I C'WOUI ProPOa i COmpromise =ecsure;" hi sad- "keepUtprife pfaldSIgv themL the b*tl-Kernw ix sagas. L. mounsow, [Advertisement.]-Have you seen "ibin tonsaP mi Obo, Up onntienmLuds better hem ti e e- t h~c. tIsp~ s., ein ~ or. , . AslntO b 4we lAanwe, *,ettre IL, a lal no y .1 " br IL hMVI" sw$d'ae geof ipe a ada-Ii __ I U1 l~~~_pi, aof M"ifallt-a MeAa r e o s~~3ura led ; aa5 |hina~ X Ztr'ga t.aeenM ' e5peite2 lO'K ust1'- u at-otle .t a . I, 'oal fla:u. ". '- [Advmentib -"Oaphhs~Blarce; , My T r V.t a fl.Snel 3dmt , iarn -now A_ime Is th thffih;W"MD*5~~~b Wor2- nblatm to '01I!SS' ot 4611111109W "1 ZY one who in icddr ntted i a w o. wts rmoe ad w b enmd orododnetn*6lulte l j t Xs6,a mantsClt k.sus,eauiian.w .met iLnuucp e Lo!n hr, an itlvjaebI,'MshLiamt
BA1ERUPTCY COURv, 27.ng -se, Aug. 2 IN RE THE SURREY GARDENT Cmn'PANV r I (Before Mr. Co1rmistion- TiiAN> Xhss was an Adjourned hearing ofaptionudrte oir~~~M-"tinct,1_50,to w -ind icm unde a, ohe Joe,M.Chidley, Mr. Flernuing, Mr. VL5itter, M*~P~-W~lhapp li.i. (George, and Mr. Co,utba appeared ~A?Jrqxssaidthedirectors were preparad to meet an~ hares gaint tem.He understood three affiaavits BIT.Fn~arNQI appear for a large body of shareholders her A.Jo~it.-. dny that. Mr.F arrer.-.iapear for Mr. Nicholls and other r.JONExS -Mr. Nieholls is the holder of onle hare. Mr. FLEMINeG.-Tha&t is sufficient to give himn a rigbt to be represenated. I appear in support of ret,olutions pawsed by-463 shareholders, Mr. COOacag.-I am 4 solicitor and sbare1loiaer, aud appear as sucb. mr. James Ooppock.-Perhaps your Honour will allow 21n0, for myself and others, to state- The CoammssioNEas-..Stop. Ihave stopred others. Tte prft*edinZ must be conducted in proper order. Mr. Coppock.-.I should first~- The Cozdr,scssroNEcs declined to allow Air. Coppock to be heerd at this stage of the Proceiedings4, and asktd Mlr. Fle. ming and Mr. Coombe whether they were in favour of windn &up, and received for an answer, "Decidedly not." Mr. Cppock again wished to be heard. The COWUIdSS IONXR.-What is youLr nanje? Mr. Cppoo.-My ame s Copock.(A. laugh.) The OatSSIOlltt.-Yn ae a harholder? -My.Copook=ye, I m te lrget shrehlde intie TeCOINLXSSWNRr.-Tjhat you assert?Z M.coppoelu-Yes, TeCo mssrloEs.-.Anad what is your wish? MrCoppock.-I ant for the winding-up, and I wish to telyu -wbat- TeCOMMSIss51Oxm~.-Stop. I ought to hoar Mr. Fleming first. Mr. FLESII?G.-.-I Am against the order as prayed. I should be willing for an order to be made that would admilt of the shareholders winlding up the company therneelves. The Comlrsassxoacx.-.i have nothing to do with winding up, except by this Court. AMr. JocNBs suggested that M. Jolilen could niot he represented by both Mir. Chappell and Air. Fleming. AMr. CHAr.trBn.-y appear as before for hi. Jullen and sevei50l other shareholders. -Mr. Fr.gasreG.-M. Jullien is preent, He denies that. Bo says Iappear for hira. ;.ALJullen.-Mr. Chappell is my legal adviser. If there be any clash between themn I should wish- The ComlussioxEr.-.Yon. seem to take part with Mr. Fleming and the 63 shareholders. AL. jullieu.-Yes. The ComjtslsioNEs,_-Then it would be unfalr for Mr. Chappell to appear on your behalf. Will Mr. Chappell give the name of any other shareholder for whom he appears? *Mr. OarArFzu,.- Mr. Thoumas Chappell. Mr. Coppeck.-Wiul youL let me say a few words naow?T The ComMssJssoNKsR.-.Jf Mr. Jones appears for the petitioner it is his duty to open the case. Mx. Jo?oxs scarcely knew whether it was necessary for him to say anything, as it appeared to be the inclination of his onoour'a mind at the last sitting to makce an order in com~lance with the prayer of the petition, verified as it was Vy an affidavit 01 Mr. AElli, smretary of she companay. The CommisrsSoNr-ignThen you have t-tked for an order for winding up, and you sitidownl. (Laughter.) Mr. JONZ&S-Yes. (A langh.) Mr. F :siryco said, if his Honouxr would allow M. Jullien to he examnined it might be the best course, andi would avoid miuckx trouble. He might, however, prooeed to staite that since the last meeting the shareholders had ti4ken steps to examine the company's accounts, They were in a oompli. catecl state, and it would takke an accountant many days to make out from them a balance-sheet. He woulId refer the 'Court to the contents of affidavits that bad beeu fled in support of the opposition to the windaing-np order. These affidavits are three in number. Subjoined is a copy of the affidavit of Mr. Coombe : "-ir Tnz CoTwerof BA?cnuprcY. ne m TI IATTRg CF TEt ROYAL. suicaEY G'sARDM;S COMAI'u-r 1LUMThD), AND w ran MA33TZER OF TIES JOI.NT.-rTOcCK OsRPAruI ACT. 1856. "I William Alexander Coorabo, of RSraover.eotksa1,e,Brunswik. road, Camberwell, mate oath and Ray :-Tboat Mr. WVil lam Tyler was lessee of certain ground and premises at Walwortb, and ho there condutte ed to a very respectabsle zma, Zoological Osoden, but that for the last two or threo years of hi tnancy it turned out amn unprotitsbla undertaking, That he became Indebted in a large amount to James OoDponic, eqone of the direetora ot the coarp ,ny, saied the Royal Surrey Confessa Camapany. who waas mortgages of thbe Premised., or in some other way bsnoliciaily entitled thereto. "11That for about 12 moutnta previou'5y to the rear 1850. the lsese iad.tremizena ere in the markete for sale, and severa ate rae for t eerime, but no sae was effecitt d. iete "That ia the latter parhof the;year 1555 scompany was formaed, callcd the IRoyal Sorrey Gardens Companry Urnited,' ot which the raid MrI. C;oppoek was oen of the selstered preomter., the said M-. Tyler was appointed manayger. and the petitioner, Ir. iHorac Jones Iwibo now seeks to wind up ths company), sac tne architect. "That a company wees readily formed. and in the mrouth of March last commenced tbelr buicldiugs aod. laying out tile grouinds at an oatra, of about £s5.cce at the least. . 1That at a meeting ot saraeholders In 0 ftIter, 185', a dividenad of 0 per cenh.was declaed ous tPof imta ?sidto be mede In aPeriod of l0 weeks, during which time the gardeteB had been open, and the account merited A, hereto annexed, was then cIrculated among the shareholders. "That In April last a second meeting wee called upon the following notice, without any account being sent with it: -'Notice in bereby given, that in purstance of the deed oi settlement of this comirec,u the second ordinary general meeting of sabreholders willbeh4eon~ TburEday, the 2d day of April proximo, at the Royal Surrey Gardons, at 2 o'clockic n the alter-neon Precisely.' is s hat rom th wordm1u the ab.ove notice, and Intimations given abstehoder tha no g ut the ordinary busluess, such as thxe arraingemeot of the cs.teetaienmetsa-a d the opening of the sardens. would bo under Wcidera%j0n, aeveral ehsreholeers did net attenid who otherwise would hare dmensno, Particularly if It had been knowo that an accout taffectirg the vilallkyof theu-nce,takinguouldhebeen~ browsht forward.. "That at tbits meeting the sabreholders were kept in the large conc3rt room until the appointed tiane for mueeting had expired.,and they were then shbown in'osan adJoining scow. whEre a plentiful euoply of sanidwichessand wine was spread upon a counter, whic evyFr.arl1ot the shareholders attacked at onice, and at one end was laid a hundleof Accounts, which accunts were net distributed, but left to be token by those who chanced to see them. " That I had not time even to read the said account before some gentleman moved that such assouni be received, approved, and adopted, whEerepon a question aroeo as to whether the dividend do. clered at the last meeting was or weesnot paid nut ot capital, when a chiow ol hands was taken and the accunit wa,I assumed to be passed by a majority of t~wo, as counted by she eeretssy lilthough I beoliree the fact to be otberwise). ali the directors presenit voti.g for the pamnig of their own account, and the reat and vital eiueatiou as to whether the zuma of £14, ff0 abould be ast roved as a,nd for Site purchase of the gardens was not madetohie subject of disesr,ei u. That I had, not the out orturity of reading the said account until the fevening of the day of noestng, when I"ircovered that the sum of X4COwscC arged for the psrchaee of the lea..aaaayo w afewrsI spoke to two or three cf the ahareho1ders thereon, and altbsush It was then believed that the dlrncto. D osseceed aloste of about to jesse, still £41.f to was thr,ught au Exorbitant sum for the purchace, lbe fact being well knowu list the lease wahl pi ltevy rent. I and a large septennial lice. we lduoa hat I belleved the lewse had 10 pears to rut),or thereabouts. foe I posailively swear that dotving the time the g,ounda were beir'g'lat out I walked rorod themx with Mr. Coispock, and, bAing well ac- vaired ith lxelaying ouit of garderns,i expoatulated teith the said rCopkupea the eLornous and ua;nece.sary outlay be,ng oxpeodedoan the maid garden, and at the 'sine time said ta hr. Copperk, ' I suppose you hate a long It,terest In the premlees to jtsatsfj thin outlay ;' to which the, said Mr. Corpoct answdred, 'Oh! Yes, my dear fellow, about 50 years,' or words to intlie M sifrt. "Tha tw orthre ds;B after the meeting I met Mr. Slem. lug te anlor'ssoictor, who she had attenided the meeting of shareolder, and acoversa,tion aroee upon the sai of Lid -000 chargd fo the urchse 0 the lease. w-e I di'oosered for the star tIe tht sootIII years was the only feeoure itnder which tho~emies wre eld, at which I expressed my sueprirzo and ask in ermisio toallow no and any Oilier shareholder t-o inspect the lase.ThatI saled on a shareel l er, Mr. G. P. Niceholls, of Pstsaoterro, ad tldhim of my tt,for,satiou and reqviosted him toacunpny m tothelandlord's solicit..r to inspect the leaze, and we wnt t Mr Fleing' oficei Tziuity.mqsjare in lbs Borougn and there examined the sdlessoand fouind that it had only ab3ut "I1 years to run, anod that e7cr; erection wwulid then pasi to the lanad- That I wan so amazed and diagneted with the way in wC ich lbs3 last mneeting had been condrtcted thiat I determined to reek aun interview wish Sir Willinin Do BAth. Uzart., 'who bed been the chlairman of tbs last meeting, and, after a s-ighticorsecondence with him.,who said he wae only a aha rehslderand knew uotijvg of loefa.ts, I wrote_ so Thomas atnox Hiolmse estE., a ilsector of the onmp,siy v ho bad bee n chairman) when the 10 percent. eiividend was declarea ad ultimattly I vrceeed ameeting batweeu these two chairmien ana aSequeaied Mr. Nicholls, who knew the facts, toaccompanytme. tohetb in this prerlexity I detcrs,ined to sail the shareholders tgther and f~r tu at purPose applied U,th Il Secretary toisetrme make a copy of the Ilist of shasehelders, hut he refuje I to let me sepy a namre, end X procured, at conisiderab:!e expense, a list of shareholders from The Re eAtration-offico and wrote and sent a written and printed circular to each eharehotder-neat,1 2210 in nose er. [A, copy of this letter appeared in T/re Tim.es of Monday Wat.]I "1That In Pursunance of thin circular a mneetting took place, and the Queeti,n was folly brought forward, but owing to a statement roads by Mnr. Co~peck. tho asting director of the copapoy. that aenifer bad been mlade Oy comeoatritlnenice society'. at 5h12, pIce of £15,ts0, and by 7,1.JutLWen at £18,100. exnd that the coning seaaon would do woadems for the sharthi)ldera. the esu'jetc f the circular was nor entertitaeJ, and my motioni for a committ, 0 Of loqul'y was net aven seconded anid the meseting aepurated, leoxing me wsth the pleasant refliection that I hadwastedagreatdealogtiemoueleesly- at a metitof about £ti into the bargeaso. Thefact,however, thatbte lease bed onlylil~ years to run wa: not dlenied, ad the eec of 514.COO as the valuesOf the lease was itustified unider thbe above stated fact's, that 'ther offers bed been mnade of £15,000 and LaM £0f, and therefore tie esasrehsvlera thought thiat,under such ciroumatances, the inu, of ;llttaso ught not to be objected t3. -That I was dirss,tisfded with the asi'ement of Ur. Cepock that such oirers of purchase had been ruadle, sod I fo,und out heIr. tPhiil'ps, the gentleman whcthad been secretary So the said Abctinence Society, ,whotItated that the society had at one Stete the t'Ga oftpmchbaai,g tisc Royal Surrer~ Gardens. but the,; wetsetinder Stehebltef and asan, Utu0 that a 50 years' ease was the inerm of yours n,,ner which the gardes wore belS, or could without doan:,s be procur.-ble; and 11 they had known t hat ro phort a term bad been sheonly tecure,they wouild nevr hso reaed t at fr ls grdes, s tey mut, necessarily have lai ou moey n bildng his thy wuldnothav fet lsh Sled in lolar uder so hort a ease asshe oneterineitc. Sn'Me Garden i imted) waa aconocootio,t between Sir. Coppock-, the mortgagee aod tMr. Tyler. the les-ce the latter to get ri i of his liabil,ty to M,r. OTfPpoi anld heIr. Copreebto go.,l oe hus h medium of the Dublin. That I.Sr heein menrcy wiurhth S. lullien for ljee Years, at 421 500 per asan, hotr tha otrac. Jwith wAs. to PaY £5,050 for shares' which be hais dons-viz, XI 050O last seasn, and £1,100 thin Cedson. and whlicts Li 50-0 gee s t the cap)ita .ncceunt and Is AppIrd so as t aetez:.,Uaaa!t r Coiperck and feir. Tyler. t ik h :0uaalbet r Th at In the pr-ziodtns iussneiriuon the fa-matiess of eke esimpary thecre appeared thes fotlowing Paragro1, ' All prelimuinary expenses and the outlay which a new to, cern wenu,t demand will be tb-S avoidetS, snd If the bu,lve--a of the -e-..e, woe ca-ciwlo with Get7 thse naoal prenseato. rmoe, thaIn 1 per .,nt' dividewd on the captta Cen-poined might' with certainty be t%calcoaio, U.s .it,. a d yet in the at. coust £8175 l7e, Is charged for prslmit-.s es Per,, es. ) eseides XI 359 ISa forelto.ck fSrttorez,"ac., andi, Inthe Lids7' Ils. in i' eluded a, tia of LCOe towards a musical festiv4l. £11 furo haif-p"st'e salary t Airll. Tyler. XLIt0 for law and various items o ei,fr,an-w arno"ting to above LICe, all of slushc 'suOhe to h .ve been Placed in suparate Items, and not nunped a, preliminarY expenises, -That in tho aroualt markxi B a1 fiim of 1. Sf0 St. 71, in said to be In band and at the baciker'.. bus tee hiz ket's bonk on the 31st of December elves a balance to favour of tiii a '-Prny of only£77,. hut where the difrerenre I.Xcot ti r can-ot Co,d nut. only11. ynot a toarn, hhi ~e ackrow.eslyed1 fact that the lease had only113yeas t ru. te Iedvs wet.t,,n buiwlstg, anjd O"EaDlel an a,ldilionnl. refreshment room at . so,tt of utw-a,e of ze'1501 under the sepelatndeno o Mr lioareJon,, tme r -itect, and the niow petltime towindup hil at b nd o wich,wm,s'u the building was at the-en 01 Ar Gi ess tha t£0, ).ap T-,e directhes or the Coms1,ee having psaid a dividend at the rate of £10 per cent per aantnu from the aniual earnings of the deal short wabsn of 10 weeksl, are readly to Issu shage of iglO tag at pa, If appliedI for by tho le 1t A ey pmm,o, on which iday tto sass,r, w It e, otm cc to toe eubits for the Besa3ou anUoUg 0th etd.y of Septub,r scat.' Teat under the above soveype,e..pu,,t. agrest mazy I(catiow were made, aud between r.efe mad XA (00 re. eyvai, tho itheestig the capitl account arint the original bnbsorib,ra, and bewng, al thi droaeut betyea, a Derkect fraUd agalus t the tharoholders under the sad advertfseaenti TsOat at the meeting of ebarebolders it heIn April lst questions bogatkedredpefro tho us wh.ch they Ieklcitord hnlo Iln the rocoimt. wben Mr. 2oppck, the actincte dkeotor die-d the inS extent of otnes olilne ts th o 8xtha aE hasth then was In paldes fior iabout~ eendtttO,e, 6han , bOct Horaer bablitlee xcet hecurnst xetmodcs, eigpidsaeswr Jone, tat mrtggeetoth oxect f Lt 50 hiave teen eXe,,uted by Mt. sleming, withoxt refering in any way to the coitents of Mr. Coonibe's affidavit, which was filed with.- out remark or disoussion, proceeded to read the aopr dvtsof himselfar Mr. NelsonLee and another. Allthat is material in these affidavits is either embodied in the afapdAvit of Mr. Coombe, has been already given'in other eotsoproceedings that have appeared in 2lle ni'i;o will be gathered from the discussioni which they elicited. Mr. JoNwa ob jected to a reference that he (Mr. Jones) hadbeenthesolicitor to the company HeT ad onlymated as solicitor to the compauy since the 1 th of Auguat. The CoaxsarsisoNzER (to Mr. Fleming).-YouL say that cash was not paid for about 1,200 shbares Mr. FLsFNare.-isatead of cash being paid shares were taken, so that in fact money was not paid. The Com issioNwEs.-The value of the gardens repre. aented 1,400 shoaes at 101. each, and the owner wasthe holder of those shares as fully paid up? Mr. PLEM]NGn.-Yets. The CosmrcssIoNBR.-I undepsetnd Mr. Coppook was the solicitor to the company. The gardens at the comnience. ment wouldl owe to the company 14h0001., and the amount was taken in sh vyes. Mfr. FL=xGssr.-Yes. The company gave Mr. Tyler 1,400 shares of 101. eaaah and of these Mr. Cappock took 1 100t the real vnae of the premises at the time not being 2OdOl. The Co:ilmissroNit.-You. depose that youa do not Ibelieve thbat the valuze of the propety was 2,0001. 1 M1r. FLaMN'sGr.-And if I had said not one farthing it would have been nearer the mark. (Eear, hear.) The ComnissioceeAnd you say that a splentia moife had &c., have been erested, which wct l be subie,t to a new heavy fine when the Dean and Chapter come round again. (A laugh.) Mr. FuLEe O.-Yes; and, under these circumstances, not only shareholders but creditors (hear) join in requesting that the compuay may not be subjected to a compulsory winding rp. Shareholders believe that the company could be SllC eesefrly carried on by a committee appointed by themselves. This is the opinionl of lfr. Nelsen Lee and other practical zen engaged in theatrical occupations and as caterers for the public amnsament. There are not at present direotois sse¶cient to comply with the company's deed of partner- The CoMarasxohe-Then have some of the directors ceased to be dictors? Mr. FLnnNG.-Yes; the original number was six; three have resigned, and no number less than four can aot. Mr. Coppock.-That statement is simply untrue. There are lour directors. The Conrissiomm-Who are these? Mr. Coppock.-Mr. Holmes, Mr. Baine, Mr. Webster, and Myself. Mr. FLz3rno.-If there are four, al I can say is that some of them have disappeared. Mr. Coppoclr.-That is untrue. The Coereussro.Nwm-I will leave the court if gentlemen will not lea.n how to conduct themselves in a court of justice. Mr. FiL sNG.-Since the gardens have in effect gone into other hands they have filled every night, and a profit of between 2001. and 3001. has been already realized. I have now an offer from a party who will take the gardens for o-e month for 400L, and pay the money down. (A. laugh.) I say this because it is nocessary in these times to have the money down, (Renewed laughter.) The Comia:sseorxe-Have I any diecretionary power? If I do not grant the required order, can I make any other order ? mr. FLeacG cited the 72d clause of the Act under which the petition was presented. It N7ps there set forth that apcon the hearing of a petition presented by a con. tributory the Court msght dismiss the spid petition, with or ithout costs, or " make such other order as to the Court mnight seem iust.' The CoasMeaseoitxn.-What is the total number of share. holders?9 Mr. S3mITII.-193. Mr. FLnasIMG.-Anda have no doubt, if time be alUowed for inquiry aud investigation, that we shall have four-fifths of their num'ber with us. Mr. CHThLEY -aid that he representei several share. holders and creditors who were dotirous to have the company wound up out of court. He suggested that the 72d section was intended to give this Court a noower analogous to that pos"essed by the Court of Chancery-that of instituting inquiry whether a company should he wound up or not. The Court mighi refer the matter to its registrar or official assignee, and upon their report the Court might decide whether a winding-up order should issue. Mr FLEmiLNG.-I simply ask the Court to dismiss the petition and leave the shareholders to take the course they think proper. The CooemissioNmt.-If I take this course, who will have the control over theproperty? Mr. JONES.-The directors. Mr. FLEMJING urged that the deed under which the com. pany was formed provided that in certain cases the shareholders should have the power of dismissing the directors. The Co3nussioNnR.-You say this Court is not asked to interfere until the shareholders are sat-isfied that this would be the best coursc. ("Yes, yea," "-hear, hear," and applause.) The question is whether the most judicious course would not Xe for you to ask me to alow the matter to stand over. (Hear, hear.) I say this without knowing the language of the deed. Mr. FLxetzNG.-Mr. Jones will state vvhat that is. Mr. JoNBS.-I do not know it, I have never read the deed. The Coemuissxocxx (to Mr. Jones).-Are you the solicitor to tho company ? Mr. JoNEs.-I wish to state- The CoxmIssIoNER.-Are you the solicitor to the company ? Mr. JONFs.-Yes; and your Honour will, I am sure, allow me to state tho circumstances under which I have become so. Mr. Jones proceeded to state that on the 3d of the present month of August he was on bis way to Greenwich by one of the steamboats, when he accidentally met with Mr. Frederick ChappelL Mr. Chappell then told him that he (Mr. Chappell) was the solicitor to the conipany; that the company was all up; that it was being sued in every direction-among others by MI. Jullien, ard that it must go. He (Mr. Jones) having received this information went to his brother, a contributory, and, being himself a Fhareholder also, It wasagreed thathe (Mr. Jones) should go down toMr. Coppock. Theaffairs of the company were stated to be in a " terrible mews," and on the 6th of August Mr. Coppook saw himself (Uf.. A. Jones) on the subject. Mr. Coppock then said,-" I don't mean to let Chappell have the winding u; will you act ?" He (Mr. Jones) said ho would. Mr. Coppock then said that prompt step's must be taken without showing favour to any one. Among other resaing demands there were tbree on 12 days' writs on bills of exchange, to which no defence could be made. Prompt steps were thus necessary to give protection to the company. The Co0itnsioNzR said no one who knew Mr. Jones would charge him with collusion, or doing anything thati was not right. Mr. FLEsING.-WO make no imputation on Mr. Jones. The CoefmissIoN'EP.-The only question is wbat is the beat course to take. The inclination of my mind is that the matter had better stand over. If the majority of the shareholders consider that the concern may be made profitable, they bad better take such steps as they consider may enable them to put the managemeat on a satisfactory footing. Mr. FLEuSINa.-Your Honour has just stated the course that will be the most agreeable to the shareholders for whom I appear. The CoMM}ssIONzER.-To obtain la windirg-up order is practically rushing into bankruptcy-it is bankruptcy in name, if not in fact. Mr. Charles Jeffreys, of 21, Soho-square, wished to put cue question to Mr. Fleming. Mr. FLE?eING.-HOW many shares are you the holder of? Mr. Jeffreys.-One share. (Laughter.) I wish to know whether the two gentlemen for whocm hr. Fleming appears (hlr. Beale and x. 3ullien) were not direotors at the eime the dividend of 10 per cent, was deolared t MIr. Fumica.-t, Jullien never wasa director, and Mr. Beale sent his resignation some months ago. Mlr. Coppock, on the part of the directors, who were the holders of more than one-halt the shares of the company, wished to sA a few words. 1,612 shares were held by the directors andtheirfriends. (A.voice, "And their friends.") The directors, it appeared, were the holders of very nearly one-half the shares of the company. The Commissio-s-Whioh directors? Mr. Joxws.- -The names already given. Mr. Coppook.-I will give thenm again-Mr. Coppook, Mr. Bain, r. Holmes, and Nfr. Webster. After a short interruption, Mr. Coppock resumed He (Mr. Coppock) was the holder of 1,100 shares; his brother held 100; Mr. Baine, 50; Mr. Holmes, 25 - Mr. Beale 25; Mr. Wyld. hIP. for Bodmin, 25; and Mr. Henry Boddington Webster (who joined the company only last Christmas), 50 shares. Charges had been made against himself (Ur. Coppock) which had given him the greatest pain. He had never received so much as a shiling of the company's money. Not any one of the directors had received so much as a shilling, and none bad gone for any other purposes than those of the company. He repudiated every charge made against bim, and he chal- lenged the fullest enquiry. Charges had been made by persons who ought to blush for their conduct-by persons from whom he oould read letters suggesting co, -ked accounts and the management of places. AlosioaL had even been made to criminal proceedings-criminal proceedings for wbat? Tho circumstance would be a lesson to him. He had advanced morey beyond the amount of his shares. He had never sold or trafficked in the company's sbares; he had never parted with one share. The fact was that, from certain circumstances, the receipts of the gardens durinn the present season had been 12,0001. less than might havo been expected. He and the other directors had done their duty fairly andhonestly, and be bad nootherobject inview, He believed that the property wac a valuable property. He thought that a winding-up order would be the best course to take for making the best of the property; but he was quite willing to agree to any course that the Court might approve. ie would not, however, allow his charaoter to be assailed and his reputation damned, wheu the only error he had fallen into was an error in judgment. (Applause.) The Co3ldussroEms.-The best course is for the sbareholders to consider the matter. If the majority should then say, "Let us have a windg-up order " I can have no objoction. The creditors, I should thin, are quite safe. Mr, lJl G0,-Ys eitos to the amount of 10,U(01. have sanctioned the course which I appear to port. gp Mr. JONES.-No. Mr. Coppock.-Hoow many thares do the 63holders repre. lr z3r.}enAi t 7 r i.Jullien-1 am the holder of shares to the amounjt of' directors excep one. i Aiter some discussion, fr.. CodlMB LgUgestedibatthe .direct(rs should calla meeting. , h Vbeb Com5msrNo --- Sitppose that they should then request- the diretors to ruign will,they ,do -ad 2-xo answer. The CoMMnssIoNs asked whetier the solicitor for the company could state the terms containcd in the deed t Mr. CAT?PELL.-Idlew the deed, but I really do not re. collect its terms. Mlr. Coppcl: said one of its provisions was that there maust not be less than 4 directors who were the holders of mot less than 25 shares eaeh, This number could not be found among the entire body of shareholders if the present direotors were to withdraw. M1r. PLEMIRG said that if a winding-up order were granted the shareholders wished to know where their pro. petty would go to, and how they were to obtain the infor. mation that they desired. The ComsSsio17 -Ar. official liquidator would be appointed. undet any winding.up order, and he coild get at everything. lr. Coppoclc said he and the other directors asked for a winding-up order in this cout aS the heat mode of institu. ting due inquiry and protectinz their characters. hr. COOMEE said, the affldavit he had made contained facts which were most extraordinary. He wanted time, The CoMnssioNxR.-You sball have that. Mr. JONEs.-The directors are wiling that any gentleman shall be put in nomination to act as joint liquidator. The Comsveso~Nz.- -I have no power to appoint maore* then onequidator. The betcourse itoorder an adjourn. ment. Mr. JoNEs applied, under the 84th clause, for an order restrainig actions; also for an order appointing a receiver. gl he Cormassioxx m aceded. Mr. GEORGE applied for an order that Mr Seaole might be permitted to investigate the company's accounts, so far as they referred to the receipts of A beneft an M3rs. Seacoles behalf. She wanted to go to India, but was prevented by the postion of her affairs -with the company. M.C0oppock.-May I ask for whom you appear ? Mr. GEORGR.-For Mr Seacole. Mr. Coppoeck said the directors had never taken the sHghtest part in the transactionr referred to. So many false representations and scandalous impatations had been. made in reference to the matter that he Mr ht say the secretary had been directed to furnish Mrs.TSarole with every information she required, and that her claim would he satisfied Mr. GEORGB.-M2rF Seacole told me only yesterday that no account bad been received. The CosemanssroNm ordered an adjournment to Saturda, the 17th of October. Ms. Julliien s-ai be could have wished, before thea pro. ceedings had closed, to say a few words that wouald throw a light on the whole affair. He would, however, for the present remain silent. A crowded and somewhat angry and disorderly mneeting ihen separated. IN RE J. NLEMING. The bankrupt -was a nautical instrument maker of Wap| Ping. Mr. Chidley applied on his behalf for a certificate. The Co ussloNs.-He appears to have been an insolvent 12 months ago. He has since contracted debts to the amount of 7001., and the assets are only 701. Horw could persons have been so foolish as to trst an inolvent I Mr. CHrLEv.-IThere aze persons -who will thus give credit. They must have known of the insolvency, and not one of the creditors appears to conplain. The ComssiSroNEan-In the absence of complaI't the baslnrapt may receive a common certificate. UT RE OI5rlfNS. This bankrupt was an ironmonger of Hart-street, Gros. vinor.square. The assignees, represented by Mr. Lloyd, were willing that he should receive a first-clas certiflcat% which was granted. 32? RE J. E P. IIOCEE 5lhis bankrnpt, a Chinese, traded as T. B. Milton, as a phint manufsctnrer, of 29, New Bridge-street, Blacskriars In partneship -with Wm. Lawrence Gilpin and Geo Feaitherstone -Griffin. Mr. WALTZBS, for the assignees, was desirous that he should receive a first-clsw certificate. The Comm sson- .-He may receive one. Ilis position would appear to have been caused by persons less honest than himself. N RE C. WINTG. The bankrapt was an apothecary of Fulhat. His ac. counts, as prepared by Messrs. Butler and Cannings, show debts and habilities to the amount of 21,5791., of which 17,9791, are liabilities chiefly on account of mining adventures. The assets are 253& Mr. BA GLEY, for the bankrupt, said he was a professional author, and connected with large medical institutions. His loses bad been principaly by mining speculations, which often turned out disadvantageous. If the Court oould grant a first-class certificate, its decision wonld meet.with the con. currence of creditor Mrt. CzHDLzY, for the assignees, said they wrould have much pleasure in the application of t.he bankrupt being granted. The ComrarxssioNim.-I camnot go beyond a certificate of the second class. Certificate accordingly. IN BRE VANS AND HOARE. The bankrupts were wine merchaets of Great St. Helenx's and elsewhero. Thi was n examination eetiug. Mr. BAGLEY and Mr. BumBY, for the assignees, concurred in asking for an Adjournment, the accounts notbeing ready. Adjournment ordered. ? BE S. COULDREY. The bankrupt was a cement merchant of Iimehouse. Mr. CsnDL)Y, for the assignees, was willing that he should receive a common certificate.-GrAnted.
MEBThTING Ob MIDDLESEX MAGIST1A TE& Yesterday a meeting of the magistracy of Middlesex wau held at the.Sessions-house, Clerkenwell-green, to take into consideration business relating to the county; Mr. PownaU in the chair. CORONERS' 1S. Upon recommenunations contained in the report of the Committee for Accounts and General Purposes, coroners' fees in certain cases were disallowed, and others were post. poned for further consideration. Mr. KRmsirnan called the attention of the Court to some proceedingsin reference to these matters at the Yorkshire Wesslons, the result of which, he said, would be, if the were upheld, that this Con i would have to stop the coroners' fees in many more inseances than now. He there fore hoped that the coroners for the county would attend at the October Sessions, when the question could be entered upon and fully disoussed. The CHAIRMn; 3aN d it was an unpleasant duty cast upon the committee to investigate these accounts, and they reluctantly performed it. The coroner's office was an important one, and he thought the best course would bw to ask the com atte to report tothe Court as to tha des irability of the coroners being paid by adoquate salaries instead of fees, and if t'cey were of opnion that such a change was necessary, the Court would take steps towards furthering it at he next session of Parliament. The ASSCSrrTrJUpue said the coroner wras bound to act is many cases in which the m agistrates would refuse the fees, and certainly a change in theplaw, ohich wasaouh ver anomalous upon so important a matter, was required. The Chairman's suggestion was adopted. SLAUOHTER*HOUSE LIOZh'SES. The CssLURIiAN referred to the Mdetropolitan Market Act of this year, and said it was necessary tbat the magistrates should hO aware that the power of granting slaughter-homse licenses was transferred to the local petty sessions-a great advantage-and that the 2d of September was the last day for giving notices. THrE ASYLUM5S. A mortgage upon the county rate for 50,0001. for the pr. poses of Hanwell Asylum was esecuted. and it was resolvc d tbat the sum of 20,0001. voted for the Colney-hatch Asylu | be raised as required by the Finance Committee. THE PRISONS. It appeared from the reports of the visiting justices of the three prisons that there were in Coldbath-fields 1,5z7 prisoners; Tothill fields 910: and the House of Detention, 257; total, 2,094. The sanitary condition of each establishment was reported, considering the plevalent heat, as satisfactory, although there had been an outbreak of eboleraic dierrhca at Tothill-fields, attalidng. 150 males and 60 fems.'e prisoners without fatal result. A report was brought up by Mir. Antrobus, and altersouz discussion a notice Was given for an additional vote of 10.0001., mnaking a totalof 50,0001. tbCecrtaint alterations wero made in the standing orders of Upon the motion of t'ae ASSISTANT JUDOE, seconded by the Chairman of the Finance Committee, an addition of 201. per year was made to the salaries (1001.) of Mr. Sawyer, the beadle, and Mr. Rumbelow, the usher of the sessions, whose services were eulogized. The seconder was stopped in his remarks, and the resolution was passed unanimously. An answer was ordered to a letter from the directors of the poor of St. Margaret and St. John, Westminster, re. questing Information as to certain items in the accounts, and the Court adjourned.
A.Advertisemenet}.Tme Sea Shore.-Among the manyana arled attrcttons oPn to LU Wbo am nOw 0: intPnd beoing at oe or other ot the attractive watering plcme in tireat Britain isthe opportuPiLy of studting by nuttreMs side . little work eLtitled " The Comea Obet&nf tne ea Shore,' by the Ret. J. G. S. Wood. One edition in Pibaitbed at la, with numerous flInstrationes by Sowerbp ad another atLa. 6t1, with the olates colonred. T-. book in A.ely Printed aea bound. Numerons reviews notice thbt work as low In prioce beLt high In value, and intt the book to be In the bands of persona (and there sre many Euch) who " having es" bave hitherto " seen not" those " common objects" which bear within them-elves wbole cabinets of wOnders.-Lcndon. George Rontltege end (a., Faringdonuntree-. [Advertisernent.]-lndia. -Stanford's Mfap of IndVa base4 opon the arrewa exacutedby order of the Ron, the East Indis 0onuany, the special maps of the iinrveyor-General, and otber air. thonties. chowwig the latest territorial acquisitions of the Britib, the independent and protected States, the maiways. caalst, iltary otUt0oas ho., togtberwith ztcontinuat'on ol the Britbh Trns-Gangetio Provinces, and diagrams exhibiting distanecs end beariags fcom the three preeidenolex of Bengal, Madrad, and Bombay. Oin two large hseets. price 1&. S * motnoted In case 25e. Also, the Atlas of India, price 2Ls.* and new i'a of Dechi and ts Environs; *aleb Drte Is., case, Is. td: London, Edwazd Stanford. 6. Charing-croea,tlW., whose rnw LAit of taps may be bad free by post for one atamno. (Advertisement.]-The "SurdayTimee" (witshpermanent b4p lement, extending to 72 columrs) of Augent 30 WlI contain ori= correspondence received from lndia-Political Leading Artiles on TaHna Important topics - carefully Drepared Eummarlet of all the Police and Gieneral Tewa of the W2eek.-Ynetgr Ismtelllgeice from all P9Ztf of the wroeld--opiona3 Theatrical Newrf-F'rcemaaorry and Che!sOhsrSleWVandeftog,s of a MIeD About Town-Aitlcnltm-aj Zrawff frOmD nil quartepa Ssring Ininllgence; *oi hSand oflinal an count of the Warwi&X, Oardlt and L-ehfmeEd Rcers; tbe tirner of the Leanringion Stakes m 4eetings ofthteweelr with prorl axnv u e at the probabtermut. t'hSGfe tth Sinppiement,fj mn*Sndluiesr wrtk]ld newapaEez poJlabedi), 6dOffDCe, 103, 11iZct.stretk ~ 5
THEi TELEGRAPH TO INDIA BY TBE RED SEA ROUTE. Severalletters oontining matter of much interest on this ' in}ortit aSbjct hssvt eoently- been'addressed to the chiirnulof the Ea tIndlatuAy by ?!r>M,aishman, the choirman of the asaociatior- formed for the vonatrpctim of a ThesegrVii line ,by. 'way of the Red Sea to India These letters state thea,dsws of the assocation E conreidou with theSr great undertaking, and the advantag4 and difficultiee -of the B. Se* liMe of roate witht rmuch clearness and impartiality. Reference in made to sonme previous commudication to the Court of Dirctor, about two years ago from an association formed to construc t a telegraph from the Datdanelles to Alexandria, witla yviewr to its extension to India, ana the proposal was then favourably received by the India-house. Circun. stances at that period induoed the parties to leave their project in abeyance pending negotiations wixth |the Eyptian and Turkish Governments for firmnana to ay the cable down in the Red Sea. These firmans aving recently beea obtained, the promoters of the undertaking consider themselves In a position to resume it with all neoesary powers. Referring to a proposed llne of telegraphio communication to India through hesopotamia and down the Persian Gulf, the promoters of the R}ed Sea line repudiate any wish to interfere with any arraugements that have been made, though they express a strong opinion that any pro - poeal which ahould secure to India telegraphio communication within a certain period ought not to be delayed without the gravest reason, even though the result should eventually be a double line. Having exclusive posseseion of a firman from the Pasha of Egypt and the Sublime Porte for the Red Sea route, no necessity exists for the exertion of any political influence in negotiations, nor for any further delay. The assooiation therefore proposes to establish telegraphic communieation from Alexandria to Snez by land, and from Suez to A\den, and thence to Kurrachee by a submarine cable. The distance from Alexandri to Suez is 240 miles; from Suez to Aden and from Aden to Kurrachee the length of the cable required will be no lees than 4,163 miles, divided into aections, none of which are to exceed 500 miles in length. The expenses of the vhole undertaldng from Alexandria to Eurrachee, with a liberal allowance for contingencie, is estimsated as being at the most 700,000g. The asodation also calculates that the time for constructing and lying down the Cable, dating from the period the manufaoture commenoes to the actual opening of the communication, will not exceed eight months to Aden, and four additional months to Kurrachee. It has been assumed that the extensive coral reefs in the Red Sea present insuperable obstacles to a submarine telegraph, but rom a most careful survey of the coat on either shore it bas been ascertained thab the cable can be laid beyond the line of coral, except where It is necessary to approaoh one or two stations, and even at those places the reefs, it is be. lieved, can always be avoided by caref ml soundings. The assistance which the association consider indispen. sable to the organization of the undertaking is a guarantee of 6 per cent. on the capital required, to commence from the deoery of the fist message. Iu return for this concesston he association would give all Government despatches priority as to time of sending. The rate of subsidy accorded to the AtlAntlo Telegraph is 4 per cent. by the Government of the Jnlited States, and 4 per cent. by the Government of Great Britain-S per cent, in all. It is further offered by the association that Government messages from or to India by the Red Sea should be conveyed at the same rate as private ones, and the association agree that all reeaipts, from whatever sources, shall be appro. priated to satisfy the guarantee, which is to cease and determine as soon as the amount has been entirely liquidated. 'With regard to the communication between Alexandria and the continent of Europe, as there are several agencies in the Mediterranean now employed in plans for completing it, the company think there is little doubt that it will be periected by the time the line from Alexandria to Karrachee is in readiness, but if these expectations should not be realized they express their willingness to lay down a cable between Alexandria and the Dardanelles, a distance of 800 miles. Accompanying this statement to the chairman of the East India Company is a letter from llr. Bright, the engineer of the Atlantic Telegraph Company, in which, after giving a decided preference to the Red Sea line of telegraph with India, he goes on to say that the coral is by no mean;s an insurmountable obstacle, as can be seen by the worling of the first Mhediterranean sabmarine line, which crosses coral several times. On the other hand, Mr. Bright expresses his belief that the pro. posed line through Mesopotamia will be most difimult, if not impossible, to maintain, as he has found that " even in the ruder parts of Ireland it requires the most continual watchflness to keep the wires from iiury." Mr. L Gisborne also gives his testimony as to the facility with which the coral reefs in the Red Sea may be avoided, or that even where it is necessary or expedient to cross them in approaching the shore stations it may be done without injury or extra expense in tho construction of the line. The correspondence concludes with a letter from the deputy-chairman of the company, in whuich the writer calls the attention of the East India Company to the abrapt failure of the Atlantic Telegraph, and suggests that the 2,000 miles of cable stiU unused on board the Agamemnon and Niagara can be immediately applied in forming the submarine line from Alexandria to Aden, without further lose of time than that necessary for the vessels to accomplish their voyage. It adds that at thia perioa of the year and in the present state of the money-market it would be impossible Io raise the capital necessary for the purpose of eatablishing the undertaking at once, unless the East India Company woald engage to contribute from the date of receiving the first message between Aden and Alexandria, and in consideration for messages conveyed and priority of transmis. Elon, the annual sum of 20,000l to cease and determine when the company obtained a profit from its general receipts of 6 per cent. With this letter the correspondence closes, and the matter is still under the consideration of the Court of Directors, though it is generally believed that an answer favourable to the immediate adoption of the latter proposition will be returned.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The following suggestion regarding the laying down of the Atlantio telegraph cable is worthy of consideration, as coming from a high naval authority-viz., that it is preferable that the start should be made from the American side - 1. On account of the prevailing westerly winds in the North Atlantic, with the consequcrt prevailing sea. 2. The setting of a certain curr .nt from the west and north-west out of Hudson and Davis Straits and from the shores of Labrador. It is generally known that the voyage from England to Newfoundland is habitually much longer than the retnrn from those shores, and that this remarkable difference is attributable to the influences I have described. It is surely of importance, therefore, that these should be made to operate in favour of, rather than in opposition to, the delicate process now in hand, and there is more reason to assume that by leaving the shores of Newfound. land at good speed, and allowing for the southerly set of this current, less stray cable would be required, and with a better prospect of ultimate success to the undertaking, than by resuming operations from Valentia I remain, Sir. vour obedient sprea,4 A SffABEaOILDER, Westbbry, Aug. 26. -
THE G0OY7ERRNMBfr OFFICEg. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir -May I request the favour of a few lines of your valualhle space to correct an error into which your correspondent, Mr Gilbert Scott, appears to have fallen in his letter of yesterday, with referenoe to the opinions attributed to me on the above sabject ? In the remarks which I made in the House on the motion of the hon. member for Maidstone I nrged the inconsistency and bad taste of erecting a block of buildings in the style of the Renaissance, in a line with Sir Charles Barry's 1reasury-offices, to be succeeded in the same line southwards by another block in a later French style, approaching clesely to the Italian. I said that it would be perfectly easy to do justce to the able authors of thoso comp,ositions by allowing them to modify the external elevations of their de6igns, stl keeping to the very skilful arran gement of the plans, which arrangement of plans I had no doubt had mainly contributed to the success which they had obtained. of I did not suggest, as supposed by Mr. Scott, that no man taste would wish to place a Renaissance structure in proximity to the Houses of Parliament, nor did I intend it to be inferred that I preferred the medisval style of arcbiteoture for public offices. On both those snubjects I gave no opinion. I think what I said was perfectly understood in the E[ouse; and, though I have no intention of presuming to press any views of my own on the subject, I have no heaittion in repeating my desire that before any step be taken a good general scheme of buildings and improvements in that neighonurhood should be determined. ThLt with that view the published plans of Sir John Soane (the former architeot of the Board of Works), those of Mr. Pennethorne (the present architect) might be consulted and combined with the suggestions resulting from the recent competition. That the total cost of the site of buildings should be carefully ascertained and the entire sum voted, providing for the outlay by annual payments proportioned to the progress of the works. As I have aid before, I gave no opinion on the style of the external elevations of the new buildings; but, as it seems to be inferred by Mr. Scott that I intended to surport the adoption of the pointed sty le of architecture, I Mali the liberty of saying that I had no such intention, because I venture to think that for public offices ltalian architoture affords facilities for light, ventilation, economy, and character which the other styles do not poEsess. I am, Sir, your mnost obedient s,,rv nt W. TITI, i i; 14wdxquhlare% Aug. 2?.
I THE LATE SEWER ACCIDERT. Yesterday aftsrnoon, Mr. Wiliam Baiter, the Coroner for the eastern division of Middlesex, resumed the adjourn,d inquest, at the London Hospital, reSpectiug the deaths of John Fitzpatrick, aged 22, William Bingham, aged 26, and Geore Franksa aged 32, who lost their lives in a sewer on reAe ay.xorniP&Js,, Edward Alfra S o o. .4, Ect n forhitechaeAsa t thtareyor to he-eB rd f. Wdork for the w techapel district, deposed that the ree dez ceased etaoena ere excavtors. Ther Were in thepamploy of Mr, Thomas EnEnor, the builder and oontractor of ¶Bardi2lge-street, Stepney. They w&re engaged; k exd.atng and. destroying an old sewer for the ptuirooe of eonftectinl the public ahd private dixing ad: gullies with t e deep sewer in the middle of tho WXit- I chapel-road. ThG msn had been employed *about fivs_weoia on the,aem work The old sewer wa on the xortli isde of the main r ood, and the deposit had been remo#e4 froja A l?rtiOn Of the old sewer, which had been filled rup. Attie Point where the men were at work it Was founed notaparylt remove moe depit and bring upi a 1-2-loch stca6 *A.re pipe to connect the t drains with the main aewer in lieu -o the old one. A.tunnel had been formed by the aide of Ithe gul on Monday Afternoon, and four feet of pipink hi ben lad down when the mnen left their work onbM n evnn.At 6 o'clock oni Tuesday morning pitzpatick"l entered the tunnel to Proceed with the work. Atud o'cloc he had completed 10 feet more, when he placed a piece oII board in front of the pipe to tehent anything from pasange down themouth the sewer. ewentbthckt half-pt8at Isend Fcanks and Binghau we standing on the topof the hole and saw Fitzpatrick Jabln from the effecta of the noxioua vapour. They went down to assist him, when fhey botr Immediately feoa from the effects of the rush of foto air hitzpatrick and Bingham died imoiediately on the spot, ana eFranks expired shortlye afterwardo. The maic n Goodyear went to asdist the otherr, but beciam affeoted, and fell aroettea raftoftimber. Anther mans qunamed Hives, also. des cend med, a nd w he foulas ren e d i sible, falthough he h ad en caurtioned. The latothe twowereustil palive in the hospta, althouho matke wee vinenw,ible wevr taken ocut of the pexcaaton. rn rmpioosgs h usinr oeo Jea ph Willhant Bwalgette, engineer to the MetropoLitan Board of Works, said that the present sewera were beao g carried ont by the Local District Board under the new A.bt of Parliament which referred particularly to main usewers. Witness had received notice that works were to be constroceted in the district masin sewer. On Tuesday last' witmess visited the scene of tho acident four hours after its occurrenoe. There ist a plan of detecting the five noxious gase, and Dr. Lutheby has the subject at p resent under his consideration. The men, no doubt, had taken comrm precautin ad had been used to the work fon yas.Tnher coupldaint no doubt as to the cause of the " accdent. A me fth e Londonnch, the resident medica office of tinhe ittdo aout9 ", said the deceased were broueht to the Insituio abut oclock on Tuesday mnorning. They must have uickly been deprived of life, own to the poisonoug efflu8 arising from the mixed gazes which were disturbed at the opening of thG sewer, mor especially from the sdhuretted hydrogen, which was quite sufficient to cause etimeitely. The foul gas had given forth a mepbitic vapour to the inmates of the various parts of the hospitrd. There were no marks of violence, btut every appearsnoe of persons dying from poisonouLs gas. The question wa¶ one of a sanitary chaLracter, and no old sewer should he opened during this hot weather. Measures might have been adopted to pmeent the deaths of the three persons by better ventilation of the old sewer. They had a small machine In use in the~ hospita for disinfectioig rooms and other places, wbich, to doubb, would have been highly useful in the rentcae Mr. enryRbintson Frioker, 9, Hampton-street, Gray's. inn-road, burveyor to the Whitohpel District Board of Works, stated that he had superintended the works in consequnce f cmplants romthe nhaitants of the -road- basemnts f man buidingsdeca ed,uandted testrcton lowng erdct:-'Tha th dceaed ersnsdied from the noxius ad mphito vaour emited roma, sewer in the Whieohpelroa wileexcvatog oran improved
FlUNTES D'ONORO. TO THE EDITOR OF TEB TIMES. Sir,-I offer my thanks for the publicity given by you to the testimony of so many officer ain support of my gtate. ment touching the battle of Fuentes d'Onoro. Captain Brlsalont will now, I trust, remove the imputation of error he adied to my version in his Life of Wenivgton. The conditions he laid down in his letter have been fulfiUed. But, ia addition, I have received from Major-General Davis and Colonel M'Pherson assurances, in writing of 1he correctness of my statement; and I think I may, without personl oommunicatUon, add the names of LieutenantGeneral Sir Harry Smith and Lieutenant-General G. Ferguson, the present Governor of Gibraltar. atly, I enclose a letter from the Duke of Richmond, and request the favour of its insertion. The Duke wAs on WeUington's personal staff at the battle. w. NAlf"t , Lienteniut.GeneraL A.ug. LI.h "To IEU IANT-GXNEBAL NAPIB, AUG. 24. "Ican c'onfirm your statement resPecting Fuentes d'Onoro. The outposts of the Guards, under the command Of 1Aeutenant-Colonel Bill, were in the act of getting together when they were ordered to extend; at that moment the enemy's cAvalryj charged, and of course took some prisoners, and sabred a few; the Lieutenant-Colonel waes taken. s I ihithee caarAy had ever attempted one of our squaes, 'woud2hve ut asto tothe opinion, which has since been expressed, that dragoons have the slightest chance against an infantry square. I believe that ony two battalions of the Guards were with the Da ke's army at that eRICrIONDin
THE DOVER PORTBRS. TO THE EDITOR: OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am ignorant of what letters have passed between the Royal and Imperial Mail Packet Company and the porters of Dover; but I know Dover and its port and its porters; I have passed through moS' of the English ports jing towards the continent, and have passed manv o£ the deuanaes between the Thames and the DAnube. With this ernerience I caa aver that " Mr. Robert Griggs, master of the porters' at Dover, is very bold indeed when he says "1 no maa can pDint to a single case since the body was called into being some 59 years ago wherein any one porter has been found gplty of dishonesty, incivility, or of insisting upon more than his proper fare " I do not ask any person who has had the supreme felicity of passing through Dover, but I ask anybody who knows English hotels, English watering-places, or English railway stations, whether he thinks there can be suckx a "happy family" of 30 porters at Dover as Mr. Griggs avers there is. I have thrice passed through Dover, and through the hands of lMr. Griggs's brethren, but buch have been the insolence and rapacity of these men that were I condemued to stop at home or go through Dover I should be " at home" for the rest of my days. My experience leads me rerlously to declare, without favouror inteiest, but thatof truth andpublicconvenience that there is not so disagreeable a port in Ebgland to land at as Dover, for the insolence and extortion of the porters, ar,d the general want of eawse nd comfort in passing throagh' Southampton is very nearly as bad. I would rather wriggle for a dozen hours waiting for water to come in at Newhaven than take a short cut through the Dover Elysiam or through Southampton. If Mr. Robert Griggs had been " master of the porters" at Folkestone, I should have felt it due to himu to support him N, Sir, Dover is a little Liverpool; it is the worst port in England by which a poor foroesKnr could be introduced to the English . he would hate theu the rest of Lis days. Formerly at Dover a voyageur could carry his oarpet-bag from deck to the Castom-house without charge, while his larger luggage came after, providing the aforesaid bag had received on deck a chalked cross. So he can now, [dare say; but the poor fellows " who don't know " don't get a crose, and have to pay; and crosses badly chalked pay, and I have had to pay. On the vary last occasion that I passed through Dover such was the dispute about a cross or no or"58, and the gross insolence of Grigga's pets, that I expected "Her Majesty's peace" at the counter of the Custom-house would have been hroken. Near the large reception or "fleecing" room there is a smaller one, wvhere your luggage is weighed, and where you are barred off fromt tho weighing machine and vhere, judging fromn my personal experienoe, every poor traveller is " taken in and done for" in ipise of the " tariff" drawnup by " the magistracy of this borough," and which hangs on the wall opposite the weighiug.-machine. If Mr. Robert Griggs is he who always weigha at that machine, or the person who comues up when called to xupport the rascality of that "msobine" functionary, he ought to be abolished forthwitb, as onght many shocking and disgraceful evils at most of our passenger lwrts. After the fight for the " cross"'-of chaik-caine a contest about that weighing-machine in the ahlmost dark corner there, I had had my baggage weighed in B4varia. in Switzerland, and in France, and knew, to a pair of boots, its exact weight. Mr. Grigga'sfriend made 24 kilogrammes, or 54b., nto 61h He weighed again and again, grew angry, was insolent. I called gentlemen to witness. We made it rather under 551b. Then catne the charge, "4s. lOd., Sir, if you please." After a desperate argum.nnt I paid 3s. 9d., which was the just charge, and when near that glass outerdoor I was nearly pushed over by one of Air. Grigges 'harpies." If Mr. Griggs wants evidence of the illtreatment and vexrtions practised upon travellers passing through Dover I can fisd him some. I can find him gentlemen who can corroborate all, ard, it my memory serves me as to who were present, every tittle of whaSt I have stated, with farther evidence from their own experience, tending toshow thateven asthe birdadid eat the baked-meats in the uppermost basket upon the heal of Pharoah's master of the bakers, so even does the master of the porters, or the porters themselves, eat up the substance of every wandering Diogenee who passes through Dover in search of an honest man, Encloaing my address, I am, Sir, very obedient[v vours. VOYAGEUR, Manehesier Atbenaeum, Tim MAnLs, &c.-The Peninsular andl Orienta Compay'x steamahip Tagiux, Captain Edward Christian, left 3outhampton ypeteday afternoon with th enma rmaila, 33 flirst and 26 secondt ela& passengers (among whoiLa aretheVisoun an Vicoutes Codeia,for Libon), 2,OOL n br gld orCaM an a ullcaro.The scrowstemerAlmgarr, aptin olis, lsolef for Havre andth Senil~pot.,wilodyepasegers antd general
THE CLOTHINO OF THE TROOPS IX lIwIA. TO THE EDITR OP THE TIMS. Sir,-The.preservation of the hetlthof ourtg&s1atr in India being n *turally a bjt of anxiety tolovernment snd the nation at tWs critica perlod, I beg to offr a ple; whichiof carried cut wotld greatly tend to mitigate deoliaco fort and sickness among the men on first arrivaL Ia a dji. cunion which took place in the Hose a few nightsslne.' regarding the isse of cap covers and white clothing to lugl troops on arrival in India, astatement. as made hi a can. tam nnoblemaneby which the En1ihe mnation are led tundezstand that tir sers o nding dU reco a cer- tain number of white jackets, pais l of trouses art cap-covets, sedieimt for daily ancd iheeasuit euse; but such canot and wil not be the 4ease, for the imxple reasoa that the Government in Indio havs not- t4 means of provrnJzR such immense supplies of white clothing as is required at a moments notice. It'eacli corper is supplied with its necessary amount of white' clothing at the end of four months ft in a mnuch as can be 4pected. I recollect afew years since, when I wag regimental quarter. master, having occson to inake Up all of a sudden, fresh. white clothing for the 'whole of th oen of ny corps. To meet the emergency I called together all the beat fihur. sers (natlve tailors) in the Sudder bazaar of the station, who contracted to makeuptoheclothing. Theseetaloris mark ably good ones) worked in th. some rOon With the, 2ei. merl tapltoswho asised cuthemar ttin gout, ar 8they woereaconstbntlyundermyd pervob5 a ti notwiditaditb 2 that they made the most extraordinary efforts, working coli. Btantly. U to midnight, thar months elaepd before the Wholeaft a ireDment was suppliea. EurhEuropeban soldier ought to have six jacketf6 Oix pair of tro.zsers,; and two cap. covers. Por a force of 10,000 men would therefore he ze. quired 60,000 'ackets, 60,000 ptirof trousme mnd 2On000 ope covernme ja takes morehAn. a ndaymna, doUN trouucirs mot unuder two days, cap-cover one day., At that rate ho6y 3many tailors would bei required to maoke UP clotbAg -4 these 10,000 unfortunate victims to offiial migmuanijemew within anything lileiwa reasonable time, or befor'etleydi for asuredly they will, and lobg before the ioT=~ ~s ready, unless immediate steps are taken in Engandutlo saee the difficulty. Is there nio man in london who will undertake the contract for clothing? Let a pattern of the reg;mental cap of each corps that baa lcfk for Indis be sent to acmne clever contractor or outfItter., That could be, donte inL 24 hours, if they are telegraphed foe~ to the different depoia.~ He will then know the sapeC of cover. required for suich regiment. Let sewing machines be emaployed by fiftes, end Governmaent will he enaboled to Seioutmetousnuds of cap- covers (for these arc of primaq' im3portatce) b~ ilia Sbutbampton mail of the 4,h prxm.Aeia drTlo strong sheeting cloth, is th best for all purpose. The best plan of a cover I hLave see is one in use in my regiment. There is no eurtaim dangling behind, but after the quilted cover is Puit over -the cap a padded circular rim, 6 or 8 Inches bra, is buttoniedl round the baud of the cap, the twg ends Japping ove eah ohe~beb d n~ aitlugbehindawith A, hook andeye Ths crclarpiee o cltbhanging down at*' beneath onethIMt.i Uness something is doeth _otlt on landing Wml be Whatwil itbe iththee uforunae y ugoldiere land. thectsm philanthropc Govermet ffcil,thng Idono sppsetht muidhatten ONLY A BL&CR OFPPIOR§ , ml .amewx4qu&re, Aug. xti. Thnz Duxz OF, NOiRTV=MLA2Mn AND TI SA&noits.-IAst year we reportkd the opetning of the Ty no Sailore' Home, buil ek tbi sole expenm of the Duke of N~orthumberland. His Grace, in caMring out his b.zivo. Itnt Wcheme for the improTement of the moraland spiritual condlition of the merehs;ut seamen visitiig the TyaNe has requested the Bishop of Dlurham to appoint a clergyvman to conduct religious ser,iice in the Home, and t6i st the te,ts of vemIx onthe river. The TyneUSIozs'Homn.i&pr0o happil is rnidnI4 the trade of the crimps and low ~1odging. hovw. cpers thAe port. The atipend of lb. geigpe.aj IwMI* paid by tl* Dike of comurs
UZUTARY AND VAYAL ,B Yesterd&y ":orntng the wb.4e of tho men of the Uth Tuzshm knd draxghts from".rious regiment8, to the numbet lS &11 of 'i4, wit 3 O(XJre, embarked from Tilbury on bo4da no celebated 1ipqer IghtnWg, The men eeeme8 'onead l% in SpleM&Y condition and high pirits, Lad weft bidvadieu to with the orai Imente of cheers and teas XIT me Or kts heaety. Every preparation had been xnv; for teir ptionn boara the Lightning, butIri spite < fl, the-proyefiel hurry, worry, .snd confuion dt troop. ip we ped in their moit prom2eneform. Themen 'wete colleted'on deck for a hIm ttmnr wvhila Iteo mste,A-rnll WaB -Red'Mr, a.t which tedious tvt hig%ty necessary praUmiimy the;y bvn to settle ile7m, thou& an iexpe-| rieziced peon wouJd be slow to psivl~e £tbat their exeL'tioae bisad ey snranli qaid~g T1t -a view. What wit efjaoi,rea' bor.eS vrbine acks, Srui's cns, tii, and gend eq£8pmsnets, shks atoems, and ¢.oz-ds of men, the Babel seemed hopetesto the last degre. Only the hearty ood hulnour and "with-&-Til' "dispoiitoiic w h pervadad all on;board, botk troopeand crew, -cotld ever contend with au s military ehacs uss .~ay es isted on berd the 1hting. Nor s'ita betteia the gorgeoas saloons ellptted to the 'scers. There it seemed an in%Irminable 'suacesdion of lr &ee -and heavy p%&ages, with 4a suinla. m--ary meua 6c 'df telegmph boys with last messsges, army tailors dghtin' g torredliable -propositions, visiors, garrison officials, offic =ra, -and their relatives and beends. The amount of eqipment in the way of fuxniture which offloers br( ,ught on board, and which, as a matter of course, 'they found totally usees-, and only luinber in. 'nhoir *bln, was something *stounding, Is there no zatired Indian officer of experience ho will publish A Uttle book -pointing out wbat '-efficers really -do require wn.goinlto'Indi He-woudbe a benefacteio tht - jy As'it nar u, ncerain -what timz the vesl weuld Ye5lly tt, 6fcoore the -arpilcations *from ardent subc'for 24 hI az& ileave were raher numerees, but they weare fiial' ,y put an end to* by instrucbions that the Ligktning shol rid get -under wAy by 7 -e1.ock last evening. Tb is ee socordingly did, and -wzs towed down 'the `.ver by the Resolute, one of the two tugs recently l1,uilt eat -verpool,--aud the largest m1d most powerful ever yet oonstructed. iTo the last hour-of the Lightningis -,tay ouatine was triumphant, and the number of doeumentz "which -the offieers had' te sign and the number of sinatures meoey to each-decument were something quite mar. velous. Some -there were by no means loth to 'exprees their 'oplnion of the annoyance, as fresh applications for their iatographs in ten or-twelve fresh places,came 4n each moment. No one for -a minute supposes that -the troops will notgetamununition on their arrival in india,syet a (arge quantity is sent in ea& troopship, thoughthe practice Jsgavelv objected to by our-most experienced naval .and mi,lita-y officers. *But it habcen the custom and-is.so persevered in, andit has not been the custom yet4to-give the zaen their light clothing till their arrival in India, and that > persevered in too, though each day shows the necessity for seversing tho aules. The-troopships now take -aquantity of powder whioh they don't want, and which, -of course, Ak their ever arriving in India at all, and they leave behind the light clothing, which they arc far from certain of getting in India, -though they are quite -oertain that without it the -men will be utterly-helploss when they'do arrive. This is-certainly a fair poccien of "routine." 'For the rest the troops ere most domfortable on board, and, if we may judge from the following diotary, ought to arrive at their destination in good contdition:- &cAi.E o' VIC3uVALLiNG FOR TsRoors TO INDIA xOz A MESS OF SiX MEN. 'For two-days.-Beef, 121b.; flour, 51b.; suet, lb. For ene day.--Pzerved meat, 411b.; rice, -31b. For three daye.-Pork, 18Tb.; peas, 6 -pints.; preserved potatoes, 21b. 4oz. For- -me day.-Flour, 51b.; suet, ilb.; plumw, Ub. 1oz. Forseven days.-Ground pepper, lioz..; mustard, 1l1b; hiscuit, unlimited in quantity; salt butter, 1dlb..; tea, llb.; ugar, Ilb.; vinegar, 3 pints; porWr, 42 pints; pickles, 2 pints; 'lime juice, 21oz. Tho annual inspection of the 3d Battalion of Grenadier Guards took place in the Home Park, Windsor, yesterday mnorning by Major-General Lord Rokeby. The regiment received the General at the Sheet-street -Barracks with the usual honours, and at 10 o'clock marched through the town to the park with the General and Colonel Lambert at their bead. When they arrived on the ground -they formied open column, advanoed, and changed front to the right, formed &uarter-distance column, threw out skirmishers, advanced, retired, formed squares, anrd other movements. The regi. znent then marched past in slow time, after which Lord Rokeby addressed Colonel Limbert, and expressed himeolf Iighy gratified with the appearanoe and discipline of the regiment, The Fairy Royal yacht, Captain the Hon. Joseph Denman, embarked the Queen and Court at Osborne yesterday forenoon, and conveyed them to Gosport, en route to London, under the usual salutes and ceremonies, The depot companies of the 19th Regimenti conisting of 8 officers and 100 men of all ranks, and the depot of the 20th Regimeut, numbering 9 officers and 120 men, wiU leave Chichester and Parkhurst this day, and proceed to Chatham for the purpose of joining the Provisional Battalion, The depOt of the 1st Royals, from Ireland, has also received ordlers to proceed to Chathan. - The Fort Major of Edinburgh Castle, Mr. Alexander Cruickahank, died on Saturday morning last, and was buried on Weedneaday with military honours. The funeral equipage consdsted of the 1st Battalion of the Rifle Brigade, the 5th Dragoon Guards, a company of Royal Artillery, and ,he numerous reoruiting parties of the district. The coffin mas convoyed to the cemetery on a gun carriage drawn by Wi black horses, and a firing party of 120 men was contriibuted by the Rifle Brigade. The mournful procession attracted an immense number of spectators as it passed along ihe streets. The deceased was born at Forres, in Morayahire, on the Ist of January, 1789, and entered tho army as ,a pdvate soldier in the 79th Highlanders in May, 1805. He served in that regiment at the siege and capture of Copennlagen and of the Danish fleet, under the late Earl Catheart, and subsequently under Sir John Moore in Portugal, and n the advance into Spain and retreat on Corunnua. He rerved with the Walcheren expedition in 1I09, and was ypresent at the siege and capture of Flushing. He was after:wards present at the battles of Busaco, Fuentes d'Onoro (where he was taken prisoner of war, but subsequently -escaped), the siege of Badajos, the battle3 of the Nive and 2Nivelle, and the blockade of Bayonne. He was wounded at the battle of Toulouse in 1814, and in the following year was at the battlesof Quatre Bras and Waterloo. He rose in 1is regiment to the rank of Quartermaster, retiring in 1849, and his lengthened and distinguished services were in 1851 -ewarded by his appointment to the honorawy office of Fort Mdajor of Edinburgh Castle, the appointment having been conferred by the Duke of WeUington on the recommenda'tion of Lord Panmuze, who was for some years an officer in 'the same gallant regiment. Her Majesty's screw steam-frigate Curacoa, Captain Arthur Forbes, ordered to Woolwioh, where she arrived on hionday last from Portsmouth, with instructions to prepare 'for paying off the vessel, was yesterday morning despatched again from Woolwhich, whence she sailed at 5 a.m. for }?ortsmouth. The paddlewheel troopship Dee, Master ,Commander Thomas C. Pullen, left Woolwich basin yester'day, laden with steam gear and boilers for Plymouth. The Chesapeake, 51, screw steam-frigate, Commodore B. B. Watson, C.B., having been made ready for sea at 'Chatham, has been ordered to proceed to Portsmouth wheroeshe wiUl complete her crew and sail for India, at slwhich station sh w iU be the flagship. The Vulcan, 6, iron scre w steam-transport, Commander -ecceombe, has at length got her masts supplied, and has now topgallanimasts fidded lower, and topsailyards up and in their places, and may be ready for any service in 48 hours after being out of the hands of the dockyard artifieers. Captain D. Robinson, 72d Highlanders, embarked on 1board the Matilda Atheling sailing transport, Captain Coppell, yesterdAy for Bombay, in addition to the officers 'whos names were given yesterday. The Matilda Atheling is a very handsome olipper ship, belonging to Messrs. Teighe and Smith, of London. She was towed out of harbour at >p.m. yesterday, and wilsail for her destination at day. light this morning. The 72d Highlanders are a remarkably -efin body of men, and very well conducted. Their appear- ance excited general curiosity as they marched through the town to embark on Wednesday. The Her3ilea, sailing clipper, Captain Sadler, sailed from Spithead last night for Madras with the troops enumerated r Thei Timea of yesterday. The Klhersoneee and the Queen of the South embark their respective allotments of troops at 3 p.m. to-morrow at ,jortsmouth. Herl£ajesty'sscrewt8temship Orion,9l,(Daptain E.Erskine, t4days from Halifax; the brigantine Dart, tender to the Cae,or, from the Cape of Good Hope May 27; and the Peru. wian,wrew steamship Ansazonas, Captain Josph Boterin fromn'Calcutta July 19 for London, arrived in Plymouth #onnd yesterday (Thursday). On the 19th of August, ia 'Jat. 41) 3 N., long 14 3(, the Dart spoke the bark Hskhouse 132 days 4rom Calcutta for LiverpooL We arc requested to correet the satenment that Colonel AH.IL Horsford, C.B., had procweded overland to join his regiment inIndia It should ave been Colonel R Hors- ford, C.B., Bengal Artiery, Colonel A . HJorsford, C,B., Tihte Upce, hbaing u14bazked with the head-qparters of MNB kftlMen on beard the Sutlej, a.ixecl for Culentta, ab(out la onth -ago. CcOninander H.- PhlliPF, Commandler A. Butler , cd (Oemmxeader H. C. MawenaUe were Yegterday appointed. inspect. gw Commlan*een of the Coastguaxd. TIhe folIoWing appointments were zaaae yesteray at the Admiralty- Lientenant W. H. Goold, to the qtyx; Lieutenant A. Hlendfraon, to the Conflict ; Lieutenant G. T. Key, to the Va&eeoe; James Kiddle, master, to the Styx ; H[ora'A H. 00i* nAster, to the Conflict; Samuel Braddon, marter, to the NValorons James R, G. Brown, p&ymaater, , to *~,e Vdorous; B. W. White, paymaster, to the Styx~ - He,,,y Per,paymaster,to the Conflict; Ilobert K. Herzaer, clr,k, the Confict; A. W. Brett, clerk, to the vatrons; 'Thomas Ellott, cljerk, to the Styx; sand anie X. (keu-i asistont-clerk, to the Cambridge. 0,i
T2HE CAUSES OF THE MUtfJYflr BESGAL. TO THE EDITOR 'OF THE lIMES. Sir,-I venture to hope that a few remarks froma one who has lately returned from Bongai after a residence there of seerl yeers may be acceptatle in the presnt deplorable situation of affairs In that preidency. I have seen it stated in your celus that one ehief cause of this mutiny bas been the want of sympathy between the Sepoys and their ol;;rs, man it tas been iAd that the drrumstances ef the kte massaces prove thattset, because regiments have been found to sihoot down thei officers, froma the senior captain to the junior ensign, vXhout sparing any, Now, t3is I utteriy6deny, for the matineeras have in mny isnenceG murdered'thso who have bee- their best friends, and ifor whom they always professed the deepest attach'ment. There was no officer in the Bengal army more inti. -mate with his men, or who understood them better, than the Ilate deeply-lanexted Colonel] S. Fisher, commanding the 0.Sth Irregular'Cavalry. He had been inlndianearly all his life, wes thoroughly acquainted with the native customns an2 manners, an accomplished lingnist, and universally beloved by all who knew hica, bath Englishmen and natives, His native officers were in the hAbit of coming to bis house lconstantly, and they (and freqwemtly a party of the men as well) acompanied him in his sporting expeditions. Yet this regiment have mutinied and shown peculiar ferocity, their Colonel 'being murdered before their e.ee with'ut thfe least compunction on their parts. So in many other instances, when these ruffians have ruthlessly masswred those for -whom only the day before they professed the greatest affee'tion. All these osues prove that no amount of intimacy with or regard for the Sepoys would have saved the offleers ; and thab it is not to the causes thus stated thatthe 'outbreak can be referred. The real causes of the mutiny of the Bengal army are undoutbtedly these:- 1. The missionaries who have been allowed to run over the country, giving the higher caste natives an idea that we want to make them Christians by fair means or foul. A low caste native will be a Christian for 5s. with the greatest pleasure; a high caste man, of course, will not at any price. So much for the good these people do; for the evil they have done let the present state of things and the mur. ders of hundreds of real Christians bear witness to. There are also, I am s3rry to say, missionaries in red coats in India, as witness the exposure of Colonel Wheeler. Who ean wonder at his regiment having been one of the first to m-utiny ? 2. The weakness of the English force in the country both as regards the paucity of Her Majesty's regiments, and also in the case of the few officers present with the native corps. Over and over again it has been urged on the IHome Go. vernment that the system of taking away half the officers from a regiment for staff employ must result in evil conse. quences; over and over again they have been urged to form a "staff corps ;" but no, they stopped their ears like the deaf Adder, and havo now reaped the benefit. A man posted to a regiment as an officer is forthwith taken away to be a grain contractor, a cattle feeder, a master clothier, a head gardener, a stud groom, or a "beak." After 20 years at these trades he comes back to his regiment, perhaps, to take the command of it. Can it be wondered that such asystem has broken down l Again,the full comple. ment of officers isnot kept up even onthe rolla of a regiment, and this has been more especially the case of late years in the Bengal Cavalry. Why, it will hardly be credited that the average number of vacancies in the cornets of the 10 regiments for the last six years has been 20, or two per regi. ment. On the 1st of December, 1856, after the augmentation took place, there were no cornets at aRl in the cavalry, and 10 vacancies in the lieutenants besides, or 50 vacancies in the 10 reglments, to supply which demand some 10 or a dozen were sent ont, It has been, no doubt, very pleasant for the Government to have saved upwards [of 7,o001. .-year by keeping open these 20 vacandes; but when it Is remembered that these regiments have been drawn upon for Staff and other dutles exactly as if they had their fall complement it will be understood that there is one other " chalk up" for the mutiny of 1857. As regards the paucity of Her Majesty's regiments, nothing is required further to demonstrate that fact than the spectacle now presented of mere handfuls of men having to contend with thousands, and the fact of Delhi, the principal town of the North-Western provinoes, being without an English garrison. 3. The intrigues of the native princes and potentates, 4. The system introduced within the last 10 years of pampering, humbugging, toadying, and educating the "-high caste" natives to such an extent as to give them the idea that they are equal to Englishmen. For all useful purpoes the low caste men are infinitely superior-they are the best soldiers and the best servants, while the others are imo. lent, lazy, and insabordinate. It is vain to suppose that a native is to be treated the same as an Englishmna. It is only by keeping him completely subordinate that we can hope to keep the country. Once elevate him and make him think that he is an Englishman's equal, and good-bye to all power over him, The idea of itrowing open the eivil service to natives, and giving them magisteria powers over Englishmen, admitting them into the medical profession, &o. I Such a policy deserves the re5slt that has followed. These, Sir, are the main causes of this frigbtful mutiny, and are quite ufficient to account for It. I only trust that after it has been suppressed an entire change of policy 'ma7 take ple. As regards the fall of Delhl, I hardly regret the delay that has taken place, because the force before it, byourlastaccounts, is utterly inadequate for the work What is wnted is that every single rebel in Delhi may be killed, Nowr, if the city wrere to fall, and 20,000 of these miscreants to escape from it there would be littie satisfaction obtained, I am yours faithfully. UPUNJABEE.
BA rZILWA Y AOCIDrDTS. TO TlE EDITOR OF TIIE TMES. Sir,-Observing the account of another acoident on a rail. way, which might have been prevented had an effeotive communication been at hand between the guard and engine. man, I cannot but presume there is none yet in use whioh is certain in its action at all times. I suggest a double whistle to be placed in the focus of a true parabola, fixed immediately above the guard's carriage, and the foeal set true to the engine carriage. Eis breath would be suffident to blow it through a tube, so that its sound wonld be heard by the enghieman and stoker whatever the noise or rattle of the train might be; or it might be connected to a pressure bag. The same principle might be applied, having the parabola set trae, to the station, to give sigals on approaching It, at a very considerably greater distance than can now be done. A wooden parabola accurately turned in a lathe I fnd the bes for the purpose. I am, Sir, your obedient servant. G. G. w cStmmiBter, Aug. 26.
TsB I{Ewv COmbADIDER AT DELHL-MAjorGeneral Thomas IReed, C.B., who was appointedto the comm andl of the troops before Delhi on the dceath of General Barnard, is an officer of experience, and has seen much service. He entered the a in 1813, and was present at the Battle of Waterloo.r Since he has commauded a division of the Bengal army he has partieipated in several important engagements. In 1846 Major-General Reed commanded r. bngade of the army of the Sutlej, and was wounded and had a horse killed under him at the battle of Ferozesahh. A maedal was conferred upon him for his bravery upon this occasion. RocxEsrn-BRIDoE.-The troops belonging to the Royal Sappers and Miners succeeded in blowing up and destroying another large portion of old Rochester-brldge on Wednesday afternoon, under the direction of Colonel H. Sandham, director of the Royal Engineers' establishment. On this o^casion the two large piers and arches, which defied the heavy charges of ganpowder used on the former occasion of the attempt made to remove them, were snucossfully destroyed, the quantity of gunpowder ued being nealy douboled. In order to insure the charges taking effect on the mass to be removed, 18 chambers had been excavated by the Royal Engineers, under the direction of Captain W. IL Noble, to whom the arrangements for destroying the old bridge had been confided, and in these were doposited the charges of gunpowder, wlhich varied in weight according to the force required to be exerted on the mass. On the the signals being given the whole of the charges were fired suinultaneously by means of Groves's voltaic basttery, worked by Captain IL Y. D. Scott, RE., theo effects of the explosions being so coraplete that no portions of the piers or arches acted upon by the gunpowder remain standing. otherportion of the bridge on the Strood aide was lso succeasful blown up yesterday morning. Notwithstanding the ldarge n.umber of spectators present the operat2ons 1sr~ MURD7e Ir T7B HASTEADD-ROAD-.-We are requested to state that the yottth, Galleo Benzoneli, who died at University College Hospital in consequence of having been stabbod In the Hampetead-road on Sunday morning by Cornelius Denny, was not under the ca2e of Mr. Ericbsen and Mr. Vincent at that institution, but was' attended by Mr. Marshall and Mr. T. Vincent Jackson, acting as Mr. Marshall's house-surgeon. CXYSTAL PALACIM.-ONE SuiLiNTG DAY,Thursday, Aug. 27.-Admissions on paymient, 4,945; ry season trcketsr, ~58; total visitors, OM,3,
THE fBITSH ASOCrATOz IXZN DUBDXI , . DUBLTI, THRDAY. A alt a interval of nearly a quarter of a century the 3evusof the British Aociation have again vIsited our city, aud h4ve, as Ts to be expected, drawan in their train a boet of minor celebrities and parties interested in the ad, voncement of science. The general committee met yesterday for the firstn bl In the board-room of the Dablia 1ociey Honue at 1 o'clock. The attendance waa very numerons, and among thoee present wero-Lord Wrottesley, President of the Royal Society, the Earl of EnniskMilen, the Earl of Rosse, Colonel Portlock, Mr. 3. P. Gasseott, Rober' Hutton, Dr. Hinoks, Robert Patteson, Profesor Leslie, &L Fonoslt, General Sabine, Dr. Strang, Macqqorn Rankin, Dr. Andrews, W. Oldham, the Abbe Moigulo. J. Scott Russell, Rev. Dr. Lloyd, F.T.C.D., President of the Assocla. tion- Sir W Hamilton, Rev. Romney Robinon, D.D., Dr. kpjohn, ProfessorIngram, ProfessorSullivan, Professor 3eilett, Yr. Samuel Ferguson, Profesgor Curtis, Gal#ay Celege; Professor Hennesy, Catholic IUniversity; Mr. Lawson, .Q C., the Chief Baron, Professor Eervey, Alexander MiCarthy, M.P., ltev. Professor Haughton, Professor Aildridge, Dr. Steele, R. D. Richard, Professor Allman, Professor J. B. Jukes, Dr. Hancock, Professor Phillips, Dr. Lyons, Professor Hemans, Thomas Dix Hutton, Gilbert Sanders, Dr. Whitty, &c. The chair was takan by Dr. Daubeny. General Sabine having read the report of the eouncil and Professor Phillips that of the Parliinentary Committee, General SABINE said, -The council have reoommended to the general committee that, as the meeting in Dablin will be deprived of the services of Mr. Cooper, the name of the Lord Chancellor of Ireland be substituted for that of Mr. Cooper in the list of vice-presidents. In concurrence with this, I bee to uroDose:- " That the LYxd Chancellor of Ireland be elected to the o01cc ot vise-president ot the *nodition, Instead of XE J. Cooper, 3sq., resisoed." Sir W. R. HAmiLTOT seconded the motion, which passed unanimolasly. The Rev. Dr. RoBnisox said,-Mr. Chairman, on listening to the report just read I was strmck with the recurrence on more than one occasion of the mention of the valuable aid which our undertaking has received from the Royal Society in the very substantial form of pecuniary assistance, and aso of the manner in which our applications to Government have been enforced and strengthened by the co-operation of that society. I think we oaght, in common gratitude to make some acknowledgment of the sense we entertain of this, and therefore I have d.-awn up this resolution, whlchl I take the liberty of submitting to yon -- "Rtesolved-That ths British Aw,oelatlon recognizes wit.h much satisfaectin bhe vauable aid whtch It bas received from the Royal Bociety la carrjitug out several of Its objects, and thast the cornell ba emDowered to express to the preddent of that bods its sense of the high be-edtie which that co-oprtionL bee conferred on s4eence.t The Earl of ENus=mxx seconded the motion, which passed unanimously. General SArivrn-The general committee has heard the report of the Parliamentary Committee, and, I think, wil be much disposed to agree in returning them thainks on this occasion, as they have done before, for their most useful services, I therefore propose- 'That the then's, of the Committee be offered to Lord Wroitteeey and the muemberd of the Parliamentary Committee; and that their report now read te received and referrd for sonitderation to the committee of recommnendaticns." " Mr. PIIILLS seconded the above, which passed urnia mously. General SAziNsx.-The reporlt of the Parliamentary Committee has recommended the filling up of two vacancies in their body, caused by the retiring from Parliament of Sir Charles Lemon and Mr. Hoywood, by the election of the Right Hon. Joseph Napier, wL P., and Mr. Edward Cooper, of Markee C6stle. These gentlemen were appointed to act, and they have been acting, and I therefore beg to move that they be members of the Parliamentary Committee. Professor STFvxELLY seconded the motion, which passed Unanimously. General SABsizc then moved, in pursuance of the recommendation of the Parliamentary Committee, that the Duke of Argyll and the Earl of Rosse bo re-elected members of that committee. Sir W. R. HcarrieL seconded the motion, which was put and carried. The next business transacted was the appointmient of the presidents, vice-presidents, and secretaries of the Eoveral sections; after which the deputy-treasurer read the statement of accounts, from which it appeared that the receipts from the Gth of August, 1856, to 26th August, 1857, amounted to 1,760f 6 Os. 6d, and the payments to 1,6361. 3s. 4d .ESTD5ATE OP rFESsrT R-OPFRTY. Blalne In hand .. £23 17 10 NOW Threeper Cent: aoaOrlsi at>L Glue .* *100 0 Stock of hooks In hand-viz., reports, catalogues o, slr,&ct..,Rt the lowestprice . . . . %too 0 0 The meeting then adjourned. A773 1710 FIBST GEiERAL 31E G. The inaugural meeting took place last evening in the Round-room of the Rotondo. The body of the Roundroom was thronged with members, subscribers, associates, and ladies in ftlx evening costume. The platform was devoted to the accommodation of the more distinguished members of the association, and among those who occupied seats upon it were-His Excellency the Lord-Lieutenant. the Lord Mayor, the Chief Baron, Sir W. K. Hamilton, Lord Wrottedey Lord Monteagle, LordMasreeLodOoFizel, Earl of Ennillnen, Earlof Meat L arcom, P rofessor Belzani, Dr. H. S~ w ,D.K clgn tweist, Colonel PortlockAe Mogn, Dr. Rumney Rtobinison, Rev. Dr. Td,SFTCD,Peieto h Royal Irish Academy; General Babine, Professor Phillip, R6E. Dr. V. Harcourt, J. C. Aams Profso Jelle F.T.C.D.; J. L Ingram, LLD., FT.C.D., Sir John Richardson Dr. Daubeny, M. Corr Fan de Merren, M. Foucaut, Dr. Wilde, SrHnyMrh at h general company included the Earl of Meath Mr Jlustice Cramnpton, Dr.W N. Hancock, MrW . ot F. P. R. D. S.; J. A. Lawson, LLD., QC., Bev. Alex. Pollock, Rsv. A. Leeper, Rev. W. Neigan, Dr. Adams Edinburgh Rev. Dr. Graves, F. T. C D - ev. Dr Hinkss, Dr. Lee, W. J'ames, H. Hone r air .. Mr. Whiteside, hLP.; Profeoss rCurtisSirThomasStaples Q.C.; Sir John Kingston James, E,. Tupa Dr. Fleming Dr. Lover J F. Waller, LLD.; Mr. O'Haan, Q.C.; 5crgoon Butcher, Corneluns Harley, Lno;Ewr eir P.L.C.; Colonel Sir George Norris,Row r.Mar RevJ Gwynn, AldermanMoylan, P. Codd T.CJKnlsn B Dr. Benson, Alderman Roe, D.L; Profesor Hanson, James Perr SauelFeruso, bariser-t-lw;er. Gucks n Fer BRe-. Dean of idare; Dr. H. Kennedy, R. Corhalls 1Q,. Sir Jame Murray, ORichard C. Atkinson, Mr. G; W. HisExcllecythe Lord-Lieuteniant, accompanied by Mir. Howard, Mr. Everard, and Captain Marsh ll arrived at a quartr to 9 o'clokan waks conducted to the seat prepared or him on the ofthe president's chair. Dr. C. G. B. ID)suBSy, the outgoing president of the assocvation, was thencaled,sand,havingbriefly addresed the asemly vracisated enithe cai, hde8psicih was take by thle oEv Hnm ihey Loyd, S. F. T. C. D. nd presvidlent of the asoiation for the he=blnsuiong 66byi year The p esid nthent delieared hTisaddrittess, n titrt£skeb conclus ihson- hel The LOIhDoLIEsTMUrNT onr guest warecived ith wairm applause.-His Excellency said,-Mr. tresident, ladies, and gentler en, after the able andadmirable addressto which you Laye I'istened with such close attention, I feel that the intrusion of any other accents in your ears, under whatever pretext or beneath the shelter of whatever sitthority, must seem an im pertinence. Happily, we ae now under another vceptre more exalted even than that whose deleated authority Iam in this land commissioned to wield (applause)the septre of science, to which thuere is neither any Royal or Ficeregul road ("1Hear,' and lsanhter)-.a sceptre which has its own functionaries and its own hierarchy, so nobl reop resented hero. (Applause.) I know, however, that I at nstrict conformity with the dispositions and sympathies of the gracious and enliuhtened misress whom l reprelsen and srve-I kmow I acth ongenialy to all the best instoints of the people at whose head for the time I aa placed, when I bid n their stead a sincere and hearty welcome to the British Inistitution upon Irish soil within the walls of their ancient and faaous capitaL (Applause.) This isonot the first time, as you are reminded by your eminent president, that the city of Dablin haabeenhonouredb avisit of the eminent body whom it now sees reassmbled here with such lively pleasure. That first vist took place nearly a-quarter of a century ago. Both the host and guest have since had their day of varied fortune, markedl on the whole by a decided character of progress. (Applause.) And while the British Association may count with great pride the extended numbers Ib has gathered within its folds, aedrpoint to the precious trophies which have lustrated its advancing career, I feel, at least in behalf of the noble sister art of architecture, I ami justified in anticipating, that when your sections shalL be couetedn to-maorrow within the new edifice which since youar last visit has been raised by the wio-heartea liberality of the ancient universty of this city you wil be disposed to admit that the accommodation provided is not unworthy even of such inmates and of such an o1casion-Dignis invitant Pahade tenmpliss. (AVplause.) Of the sneial attributes and operations of th asesociation I of eonrse leave it entirely to its a;~crodlted ind appointed organs to speak, as has already been done so signally welyi n the opening addrecss and as will be futrther developed and exemplified in the progress of the weekw avre nowaboutto commenoe. It may be allowed to me, and, unqualed as I wholy am to mix myself in such proceeding,et to feel a peculiar interest in the credit and welfare of an intitution at whose birth I was permqitted to assist, and whose noonday of vigour and usefulness it is now my still higher privilege to witness. (Applause.) I am confident thatI now discharge an office which will be approved by all who have listened to the excellent address of your p resident, in mnoving that it be now pited ; enc to all the membem of the association Ibo to offer my cordial wishes that they may enjoy a auccesdal i, a useful, and a happy maeeting. (Loud applause.) Lrd WROTTESLEIY, P.R. S., salid,-In rising-to second the motion which has been maoved, I feel it unnecessary for me, afte th elouen spech hichyouhave heard from his enhne,If it were possible,tegaiiainwt hc I1 seehi occupging that char Hiitnuse cetfic attainments an~ his worldwd euato nsincefully qualify him for theochair;anwhrcolheavoupd it more appropriately thanun h city inwhchereid his education, and which has s uhrao to be proud of his subsequent career ? (Loudapus) After a miomentaypue Dr. DAUwsscy said, I ha".ve m erely to rise for theo purposea of. oin wha th moestyof n eistig Pesient forbids pose by he Lrd-ieutnantandseconde yLr Wrotesle-tht th addessnow eadbe Pubihdb the Tequestion was accordingly put, and a show of hands laken inifavoutr of the motion. Somae routine bnsiness having been fispced of, the assoCiAtion adjouxnQd to this MeritDg.
i AI - - ITL -RAI WAY IXTAU L[.ENCE, t SOUTH-E.STERN. Tht balf.wrly general meeting of proprietors was hbel yestedlay at the Bridge-house Hotel, London-bridge. The Won. Mr. byng. the chairman of the direction, presided. The report, an abstract of which appeared in A7ie limes of onday, was taken as readL The CrRM,s then addressed the meeting, observing thet the proprietors bad already been made acquainted with the result of the half-year's traffic through the report and accounts which had been circulated among them. In some branches of thetraffiJ they had experienced a decrese, and In others an increase ; the result of the whole being that they were able to pay a dividend, which, though slightly reduced when compered with the corresponding period of 1856, was yet higher than thAt which they were enabled to pay for the five previous corresponding half-years. He would first allude to the causes of decrease, which were unavoidable. In the corresponding half-year of 1856 they had alargeexceptioniIltraffic,causedby the return of soldiers from the war, and the large military traffio to and from the camps and military depots situated upon their railway. Then there were the naval review at Spithead and the peace ilUlmina. tions in London, both of which gave thenm for that half-year a considerable accesdion of traffic, They would also bear in mind that the Greenwich fairs at Easter and Whitsuntida were formerly a source of considerable traffic, and their abolition-however advantageous in a public point of view - -had proved a considerable loss to them. Thus they bad caried on the Greenwich branch some 75,000 fewer passen- era, andtaken 1,2001. less in money, in consequence of their suppression. There had also been a decrease in the amount received for the conveyance of horses (principaUy troop horses), and * decrease of about 2,5001. in mails, a considerable balance long due from the Post-office having come to the credit of revenue in the corresponding half-year of 1856. D thngte present summer, also, theywere doubtless tosome exnt -ffering in common with theirsonthernrailway neighbours fromthoattractions of theArt Treasures Exhibition at Mancheeter,whichhadserved todivert a good dealofthe tonrist and pleasure traffic of the season in a northeraly direction. Taking all these circumstances into accoutt, he thought that on the whole it must be matter of congratulation that they had been enabled so well to maintain their gross receipb, and even toshowan actoalinereaseuponthepassenger trafc of the railway for the half-year. Turning to the I head of expenses, they would observe that the line had been i worked and maintained at a somewhat less cost. They had, however, still found it neoessary to expend considerably bhyond the average of preceding years in repairing and re|newingthe permanent way. Indeed, the expenditure on the road for the five half-years ending July, 1855, did not average more than 28,0001., as compared with the 43,0001. which they had expended during the last half-year. All compes had found it necessary, whether they had perma. Inen wy resrve funds or not, to increase the expenditure on their road; for to maintain the way and works in an efficient state was the best economy; indeed, it was an expenI diturethatcouldnotjudictously be avoided. Their engineer ! simnrd them that the road was novi ail mperoi eondltion. One of the principal subjects v ich tgey were aware had recently occupied the attention of the directors had been the prosecution before Parliament of their proposed North Kent relief line, between Leowisham and Dartford, and at the same time opposiDng the rival scheme of the EAst Kent Company. At their last special meeting they were I mde fully acquinted with the steps which had been taken e for the purpose of securing the success of their BEll in the I House of Commons. The committee, after careful conside- ration of the respective merits of the schemes submitted to them, pssed the preamble of this company's Bill, and rejected that proposed by the East Kent Oompany. They I did so on clear and intelligible grounds. They considered that a companv of proprietors who had expended upwards of lI1,O,000U.sterling in providing railway accommodation for every place of importance in Kent was entitled to consideration; that having fairly carried out their intentions under the powers conferred on them by Parliament they were entitled to protection against new |partes who came into the field late in the day, and sought, Dy forming unnuecessary duplicate and competing lines of railway, to tak-e away the traffic which the company ori - nally sanctioned had in a great measure created; for t a hne proposedl by the East Kent Company merely sought to give a second and independent access to London to towns already accommodated by this railway. The committee of the House of Commons, acting on the recommendations contained in the report of what was called Mr. Cardwell's committee, rejected the Bill of the East Kent Company, as they had failed to show any clear grounds of public policy to warrant the concession o a new competing line of railway, calculated, if formed, to diminish that just remuneration to which the proprietors of this company were entitled for the large amount of capital expended by them in the construction of extensive and costly works for the acommodation of the public. Before, however, passing the preamble of this company's bill, the committee, conceiving that the provision of an access to the west end of London was an accommodation that this company should provide for the traffic of Kent and the continent, called upon them to give them an undertading that they would call their proprietors ingether with the view of providing such an access. This the directors agreed to do, as was explained at the special meeting held on the 9th of nuly 4stt after which the proprietors approved the Bil as passed by the House of Comrmons previous to itA introduction to the House of Lords. The committee of the Lords, however, did not think properto confxrm the deoision of the Commons, and, as the meeting was aware, they rejected the preamble of the BilL Their lordships would seem to have been inflnenced by the oonsideration that the pledge which the directors had givento the House of Commons' committee had no legal effect in binding the company to provide the desired acoess to the west-end, either by itself or through other parties; and ag, in any event, they must come to Parliament1 agun in the next sessionfor the purpose of fulfilling that pledge, their lordships would rather that they eame before them with a scheme complete as a whole than pass the Bil inan incomplete form. The statement of the chairman of the Commons' committee, that he had granted the preamble of their Bill "reluctantly," because of the alleged shortcoming of their plan as to the west-end access, had, no doubt, considerable influence in determining the decision of the Lords' committee In postponing the measure. Now, although they might consider ehemsel strictly speaking, as absolved from their pledge to the Commons by the rejection of their Bil by the l ords, it did appepr to him that they would be best consulting their own mte-ests were they to act as though the pledge were now in actual existence, and just asif they had obtained their North Kent relief line. They had stilt to devise the best mode of effectually protecting their property against the encroachments of rivals, at the seine time that they provided the public with the largest amount of accommodation that could reasonably be desired. The time had not yet arrived when the directors coud lad their plans with this object beforethem ; but an early opportuntty would be taken of calling the proprietors together, and acquainting them with the measures which tiey recommended, and in the prosecution of which they expected, as heretofore, to receive the cordial support of the proprietors. He then moved the adoption of the report and accounts. Mr. GoRDox THomPSON seconded the motion, IL-. M'CLAPCN said the explanation the chairman had given in reference to the diminution of the revenue could not fallto be satisfactory. According to an analyastwhioh he had made of the accounts the actual decresse in this halfyear, as compared with the oorresponding half-year of 1856, was 4,652 lOsa. Sd. He showed It thus:- Walrmc for dividend, JTb 156 .3n1 .. .1. £.U3191 4 6 Ditto July, 1857 .. ..,.. . i 1 s 9 The above decrase arose as folows:_ ;652 10 8 Interest, nortgse, and prefeencee stock.- Icrease 2,256 9 Old mterlalz, engineer-s stoo, July, 1856 5 s.37 1 9 Decrease in balces after payment ol divi- dend5 5,352 2 3 Deisuct,- Decreaso in working ox- peu .. .. .. 8-761 19 5 Lmdecrea in general re- ceipt - 53 14 8 d,m1 i 9 Int6rest on depozit at bin- kees, 1857 .-. 773 81 Decrease in renbt of branch linee, -. .117 3 - 7 38,293 0 1 £1 X,852 10 8 T^otal worlcug expenses including eteambosta, 1 1 3 185i per cent. Do., 1857 -it per cent Exclusive of steanboasM, 1856 -1 4-5 per cent. Do., 1857 -.o per cent. Average rats of debenturo iterest .. .. .. 48 per cent. There was evidently a determination on the part of the East Kent Company to get an entrance into London. If so, he did not know what would become of the South-Eastern Company. The CHAnnLu?.-I hope they will not. I do not like to be positive, but I have not much fear of their succeeding. Mr.hl'CLAitEN.-At allevents, he hoped the directors would keep their house in order, and at once take the bull by the horns. Their object ought to be to make the SouthEastern Railway a permanently productive company. Mr. G. Satirn said if he was correctly informed there was a person occupying a high position at their board who had ale East Kent Company, whose interests were anta~gonistic to theose of the Sot atrnRiwy He understood that Mr. Coles Child was interested both as a landowner and a shareholder in the Fast Kent Line. He therefore thought the position of that gentleMan very equivocal, believing, as he did, that no man could serve tho :masters Mr. C. GrnP'rTs, XP., owed it to an absent director to declare his conviction that Mr. Coles Child hadi not been inflenced by any interest which ho might be rupposed to posses in opposition to tho interests of this company. On the coxntrary, he believed there was not a more useful member on the board than Mr. Coles ChiUd. Lord A. PAGXr, P.P, condemned the systei which he had seen pursued year after year, of parties bringing forward schemes merely for the sake of cutting off 10 miles here or five miles there, without any earthly advantage, either to themsves or to the public. AndI what was the end of it? Either an amalgamation or an agreement between the parties to charge the same rates, or else a continual fight against one other, to the great injury of both. He should do his utmost to put a stop to this system. He hoped the directors would not forget his own little scheme at Folkestone - and as the were now aware of what were the views of ParEniaent he Mrsed they would maturely consider their plan before they again went, before the committee. The report was then received and ad p ed, Mr. RicHe, in reference to the prooeedngs before Parlia,% m3ent, observed that a committee of the House of Commons was the most incongruous tribunal that the ingenuity of man couldt have devised. He reallv believed it wa's formed for the expresspupose of puttintmoney into the lawyers' pockcets. ("H esar, hear," and aughter.) However, their case was a goodl one, and he had no doubt bot withisn a, phort period they would bg able to I ring torth suaa hsem, a Mwoul 4 both j PsriI. 3meat and the people of Kent. Mr. G. SMrTH expresed a wish to propose a reolution to the eafect that no geittleman ought to sat aa a member of the Board of the Sub-sten "omJany who ha other interestawhich mus isewerily be inimical to the interest I of the South-Easer Company IMr. BRNrr expresd hi concrrenne in the view taken by Mr. Smith, and contended tbat a director should haveonWy o6ne interet with the proprietors. The CHArRmA regretted that Mr. Coles Child w not present to.day, and suggeted that it would be better for the hon. proprietor to postpone his motion to a fature 3neeting. MAr. 1ly thought the proceeding was altogether irre. gular. Mr. G. SBun then sad he would give notice that a' their next geneal meeting he should bring forarard a mo. tion to the effect he had already xtatedL A vote of thanks to the chbrman and dirtors termi. nated the proceedings. BRISTOL AND EXETER. The half-yearly meeting of this oompany was held at Brist-I yesterday, Mr. J. W. Baller, X.P, in the chair. An abstract of the report and acoounts has appearedin 27ic vmes. The CHAMB3AN, in moving the adoption of the report, said he considered the accounts which had been presented as the subjeot for as much congratulation as any statement 'which had been submitted on any former oecasion. (Hear.) Thedirectors were quite preparedtofindsome decreaseinthe receiptsduring the last half-year, nd so farfrom feelingany surpre At that decrease being 1,3194, which appeared to be the total decrease in passengers, he considered it highly satisfactory, because it was more than accounted for by the single item of loss on the conveyanoe of soldiers, which loss amounted to 2,6031., while the total decrease of traffic in Pssengersofalldescriptionswas,ashehadsaid,onlyl,319& This result, then, he considered most satisfactory, because there were many ircumsances which had a natural tendency to decrease the receipts on the line. Those circumstanoes were pointed out in the report, and first amon them was the Art Treasures Exhibition at Manchester, W hich had undoubtedly materially affected their line. Added to this there was the great competition at present existing among many of the railwavys in the northof Enland, inanyof which were running at the lowest fares, and affording the greatest facilities for travellUng. It was not therefore surprising that the public had availed themselves of the advantages thus offered, and that a great deal of pleasure traffic had been diverted to the north of England There was also another Point to which he would call attention-viz., the opening of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth line. For Some time previously to the extension of this line from Frome to Weymouth there had been a very large portion of iraffic which passed over the Bristol and Exeter line to Durston and YeoviL Immediately on the opening of the Wilts, Somerset, and Weymouth line to Yeoval a conider. able portion of that traffic was naturally diverted, and a larger portion was still further diverted upon the completion of the line to Weymouth. These causeshad existed during thewhole ofthe last half-year, and the directors had naturaly expected that from this new souro of communication a very considerable amount of traffia would hAve been diverted from the railway. Under these circumstanoes therefore it waS most satisfactory to 5nd that such was the intrinsic value of the line, and such the growing traffic upon the main line and its branches, independently of all other complanies, that even under the disadvantages to which he had alluded, the total loss in passengers as compred with the corresponding half-year amounted only to the comparatively small sum of 1,3191. (Hear, hear.) He looked forward with great hope to the fature. The aEcounts generally, he trusted, would be oonddered satisfactory by the prorrietors. He thought there was one feature ia them peculiarly favourable, and that was the small amount expended during the half-year on the capital account. (EHear, hear.) The directors were most anxious to reduce that expenditure as far as possible, and he was happy to say that the line,was so far completed that it was not likely any great further expenditure would be required under this head. There might be a single engine to be completed, and some smal expense to be incurred on the carriage stock account, but upon the whole he believed the expenditure generally had been made, with the exception of some improvements which were found to be necessary for the additional accommodation of workmen and tervants at different parts of the line. This had consisted in the building of some convenient and commodious cottages and some smaU purchases of land at Exeter and in the nei bourhood of YeoviL Besides this outlay, there was verylitUe necessity for any further expenditure on the capital account ; and the directors considered this as a subject of immense importance to the proprietors of this company. It would bea subject of great congratulation when the Cornwall line was open for traflic, as they had incurred considerable liabilities in orderto oomplete that line, in conjunction withthe Great Western and SouthDevon Companies. They aIso helda very Large stake in the latter company, and he could not help hoping that the rich district of Cornwall would be found to yield a traffic which should produce a profit quite equal to meet any engagements into which they had entered. He was very sanguine from the character of the district through which the line passed that a very considerable traffic would be found upon it both in passgegers and goods; that the traffic would be large, and that not only would the line be A payingone in itself so far asthe h bilihea of this company were concerned, but that it would prove of material benefit to the South Devon and their own main line. The directors wouldendeavour, as far aspossible, so to control the expenditure on capital account, and all working expenses, as to have the largest amount of profit available to meet any temporary losses which they might hereafter susta (Hear, hear.) He was happy to say that they had no branch lines in progress (hear, hear), no engagements which he h%d to call upon them to confirm, and no intention of expending any money in any 'works or improvements upon the line for which the sanction of the shareholders would be required. He then adverted to the retirement of their late secretary, Mr. Badham, and having paid a warm tribute to the zeal and ability for so many years displayed by tht gentleman in the service of the company, he confidently asked the shareholders toconfirm the recommendation of the directors to grant ir. Badham a pension of 5004 a-year, and concluded by moving the adoption of the report. The motion having been seconded, The CHAIRMAN, in answer to a question by M1r. Perry, aid that the receipts for the seven weeks of the present half-year had been 2,7001 lesa than during the corresponding period of last year. Mr. PERRY wished to know how it was that the coat of the goods agency had increased 7341, while the receipts had increased only 132l Mr. CASTLn said it was a matter for great congratulation that there had been any increase at all in the redpts from the goods traffic, considering the comphtition now existing at Yeovil and in the north. By the completion of the Great Wester lines the Exeter Company had lost the whole of their London traffic, and in order to keep the northern traffic they had to reduce their tariff 30 per cent., this rate of reduction having been made by the Great Westem Company in order to bring the traffio over their lines, which were now completed in the north. It was therefore certainly gratifying that the local traffio of the Bristol and Exeter line had so far increased as to more than compensate for that which had been abstracted. The increase in the cost of agency was occasioned by the manager of the goods traffic being paid a percentage on the tonnage, and not on the receipts. The report was then adopted, ad The C,URMMA? mnoved a resolution deolaring a dividend at the rate of 6 per cent, per annum, payable on the 1st of September. Mr. J. Baow%xB seconded the motion, and said he believed their line would by and by stand second to none in the kingdom, and he oould not but feel that the statements of their chairman concerning its future prosperity must have 'weight with the public and convince them it was a substantial concern. The motion was unanimously adopted. The CHAIRMAX then moved the third resolution, confering a pension of 5001. per annum upon Mr. Baaham, tho late secretary, and authorizing the directors to take the necessary steps for paying it half-yearly. Mr. AvrsY in seconding the motion said be had been an eye-witness of the zeal and energy with which Mr. Badham had always performed the duties of his office. le was much pleased with the feeling speech of the chairman, and he would remind the shareholders that it could not but be most gratifying to Mr. Badham and his family should the proposed resolution be adopted unanimously. Mr. Badham'e salary was not adequate to his saving rauch out of it for a fature contingenoy, and his ilness had also been so sudden as to afford him no warning. After some observations from Mr. Powell, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Brown, and Mr. Bates, Mr.AsEaY moved an amendment, that the allowance be 3001 a-year, which was seconded ly Mr. J. NASH. The amendmenu was then put, and negatived by 42 to 1L The resolution was then put to the meeting, Mr. Ashley still inststing upon dividine, and carried by a largemajority. envote of thanks to the chairman terminated the pro- SrITITNGBOtIRNE AND SHEERNESS. Yesterday the half-yearly meeting of this company was held at Qneenborough; the Right Hon. S. R. Lushington in the chair. Mr S. J. BREXEZ, the Secretary, read the report, which stated that the company had obtained possesson of more than half the land,-namely, from Queenboron h to a point nearthe junction with the East Kont Raway at Sittingbourne, and that there was every prospect that the line would be finished within the time originally fixed. The Bill for the junction with the Esst Kent Railway, for the extension of the line into the dockyard at Sheernes, and for the construction of a pier, had received the Royal asent. The directors anticipated considerable ravantages from it Inasmuch as the natural position of the pier must attract to It the entire trade of all the exports and imports of the country served by the East Kent Railway, and of some portion of that served by the South-Eastern Railway, while or the embarcation or disembarcation of troops it would afford uuequalled facilities The fact also of Its beine entirely free from city or harbour dues would add mateilally to the preference which its natural advantages wotud be sure to gai fo it with the shipping interest. Thediretors regrette that the call5 had not been met with sufficient promptituLde. Mr. Berkenshaw the engineer, reported that during the last half-year considerable progress had been made in the consructlonof the works and he had no reson to doubt the completion of the main line and branches by the spring of next year. Ths recipts to the 30th of June last had been 24,3691,, and the expenditure less than that sum by 9 388 C The report was adopted, and Mlfr. ]£shington and Mr. MIagnus, who retired by rotation, wrere re-elected. a vote of thanks to the chairman and diretors cloced the proceedings. t AMBERGATE, NOTrI2NGEI&M, ANTD BOSTON. The report of the diretors oftehis oompany states that their anticipa3tions of opening the extension railwayand stations atNottingh3m have not been realised in consequence of a varety og Ci~1mstbace utterly beqcnd the control of the board. The propoNed poit of jawUm"i ktil Ayhs beenk re(egzeS xptedaily. TiRe sist kfIo h ZfWYiO & defelenay of 575. a Comad t dof laatsear; the ear6 t have steadiy iuncrese, adte ope eo. utUfurther developement - but th anrlrafeeMm. The neeonselw r a h ~~a~e~io theamount earneddrn h aeps1 latyear.. The teneral bae fstevmesUS0. out of which the direcosroozne4adwdn fo,4 ter share. leasing a baane of31.orteexaoaI EAST ANGLIAN. The report of thedirectorsof tbieeomay 5*fiWZiJL baaostandint to, the debit of capitl accunt h*l bees ince&sd fom,96. t 43u.Ths rafflereoeIpt.foe " i half-year ending the 30th of Jun. last amaounted to 27,13814 showing An increameof 2, 8.overthogeef the corresposadiag half of 1856, of 4,1161 over thone for thle h&lfymar emdlng. June, I85, and of 5,965L over sune period of 1854 'The. working expenses chargeable to the EAst AAagia C-om bave bee reduced to 461.5~s. 10d. pr cent. in the ,ast alf year. The increase in the traffi recipt MA *W reduction lin working .expenses ewnbe the direcoza to pay the dividends on adl the preference xntockr and to leave a balance of G321. as the oommcnmm~ent QC a arrangmentsfor=coductig the oal tafficover the Eiw woredbytheEaten Cunie Copay,which, if carTim ot, wll engble the d irectorstoetendthat traffic over the E u A ngl an dis riot o tbe enefi of al a art es 'R cored.Thecaptalaccuntshos tat1,642,38N4 bad. MANCHESTER, SHEFFIELD, AND LINCOLIS- The directors of this compamy have just isved a voluminous statement recting the breach of sgreement between them andthe London anuNorJh-WegkrnCump =y, They contend that theLondonand Nozth-WesernCompey have not performed the stipulations of and have broksib the a&reement of Jaly, 1854; that the London and North- Western haive pursued towards the Sheffield Company .-. general course of bad faith; that they have. M- tempted unauthorized negotiations for an injuriou& territorial division, &c., winthout the knowledge or concurrseno of the Sheffield Compan that th. lIndon and North-We6tern Compes. hlave on vanous occasions asumed a hostile attitdi towards and iefued arbitration when urged by the Sheffield Company; tlat the Manchester, Sheffield, and LJneolnahiie direct were therefore justified in treating the agreement of Jul 1854, as ternmnated by the London and Nor%ILWst ern Company. W~ho heffeld directors further statethat the London and North.Weatemn Comany have sime repudiated agreements and refused arbitration, and thAt t proceedings which the London and North-Wester4 Company's management Is nowl adopting re itheise nor dignified, nor likely to avance the interest of thown shareholders nor of railway property generally.. The Manchester, Sheffield, andLineolnahire Company oes.- tend that they have hono ably performed their par of theagreement. Inconclusion, the Sheffield directors appeal to their own shareholders and the public, and state that the bave acted throughout as honourable men ought to ct under circumstances of extreme difficulty, andtheir conslation is that, not onlyIt 4cours6e they have pursued rlght andjut, uttha i wil,n sltof lltempora.y obstruetions and embarrassment which an angry and poWerful opponent can bring about, redound to the advantae-b ntothoenlpy oif their proprietary, but also to the greater interess EDINBURGH AND GLASGOW. The report of the directors of this company states that enb comparing the receipts of the half-year ending July 31last, with those for the correspnding period of 1856, there 'appearsan increase of 3,836 in the reoeipts for passenerov, of 6,8021. for good and 322 for horses, I d mails, making together ainorease of 10,9601.G O itht tis s In w of traffio there has- been a consderable reduction In thLe working expenses-namnelv, from 60,5611. for the half-um.~ ending July, 1856, to 54.3901. for the half-yea ending , 1857-thus saVing 6,171L The net balano after pa interest, taxes, and rents, and providin 12,OOL to z the claims of the Stirling and Dunermline Company, amounts to 41,4881, from which the directors reoommendpayment of the Sper. centpreference dividend,amounting to 6,2094, and of a dividend on the ordinary stock theirate of three cent, per annum, or 33,=0I., leaings * balance of 1 ,9. A farther considerable sum has been paic. towards the company's subscription to the Glasgow, humbarton, and Helentburgh Railway, leaving 20,0 et to be paid. The new workshops at Cowlairs are al but completed. An addition has been made to the plant. to the amount of 1,2251. on aount of the stock neoeary to work the Helensburgh traffic. Since the last half-pearly meeting the Scottish Central Company has joined in the. agreement existing between the Caledonian and the Ediburgh and Glasgow Company, on the same basis of reociving. L fixed proportion of the joint revenue. The three oompanies have also concluded an arrauepment with the Forth and Clyde Canal Compan , by wldch it is hole& that injunrous competition will be prevented. The agreement with the Cal doniati and. Central Compatis worke. very satisfactorily, and undoubtedlystrengthens the pDdosito of all the parties to it very materiaBly, without anyInjurious interference with the rights of others or the course of traffic. The capital account shows that 3,634,7761. had been received, and 3,588,938/1 expended, leaving a balance of 45,838L The revenue account for the half-year ending the 31st of July showedthat 144,9191. had been received and 59,0131L expended in. -working and other expenses, 23,5471. paid for interest on debentures and loans, 4,1251 dividend on Stirlinahie. Midland Junction stook, 4,70l. rent payable to the din- burgh and Bathgate Railway Company, and 120001. re-- served on account of rent of Stirling and Dunfermline Railway, leaving a balance of 41,41M. ULVEESTONE AND LANCASTER. This line was opemred for traffio on Wednesday. It formr. the connecting link between the Furness and WhitehavenRailways and the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway; and. will! greatly facilitate the conveyance of iron ore to Stafford- shire and other places in the south. The new line is 19niles In length, and extends from the Carnforkh station of the Lancaster and Carlie Ralway to Ulverstone, running round the head of Morecombe-bay. Of the 19' miles eight bave been constructed beneath the level of the tides, creating a necessity for a formidable embankment andsea wall. The remaining 11 mUes run through mountain, limestone. The construction of the sea wall has been a work of great labour, requiring much ingenuity on the part of theenfmeer. h event was celebrated at a sumptuous banquet gv b Mr. Brogden at Furness Abbey to a large number oF "en.-. tlemen connected with railways. Various toasts were given and responded to, and the whole of the proceedings concluded in a most satisfactory manner. GREAT NORTHERN. With referenoe to a paragraph in the report of the comaittoe of investigation, which appeared in 27we Timia of Wednesday, Mr. John Chapman, one of the auditors of the company, states tbae it might be supposed that theauditors had withheld from the shareholders the knowledge of facts with which they ought to have been cquainted, but that such was not the case. He states that at the hlf yearly meetin g in February, 1856, it was announced to the shareholders that the dividends were overpaid, at the same time that the auditors reported that the bookcs and so' counts in every departrment were correct, referring of. course only to the office over wvhich they had control, and from which their reports have been invariably dated. Since the discovery of Redpath's frauds te auditors have given the same certificate, and their oerf6i-- oate has, after a miinute examination, been confirmed by- lr. Deloitte, the professional accountant. Mz Chapman ooncludes by stating that the Companies' Consolidation Actdefines the duties of auditors and in conformity with theb usage inall railway companies the registration departmentt of the railway never came vwithin the province of theauditors. CARMARTHEN AND CARDIGAN. The works on this line are progressng. The embankment between the South Wales RalOway station and Carmarthen-bridge, is more than half completed. The railwary will cross the T owy over a wooden bridge, wvhich is nowr i course of erection. Abourt five miles from Clarmarthen thereis a tunnel, which has been commenced by Mr. Jay, ti,e. c ontractor; and it appears that every effort will be made by the directors to carry out the undertaking. RECEIPTs AND EX2PEN=DITU1RE OF THE LIVER- POOL DOCKS. The accounts of the liverpool Dock Trust, just issued; show a total amount of revenue during the year ending he 24th of June last, received from tonnage and light dues graving docks, warehouse rentk, and other sourcs of 496,8771, and a total expendlture of 394,6761., leaving - balance to be carried to capital account of 102,2001. The. capitaljaccount show s an expenditure upon new rworkcs, In~ eluding the Northern Extension and Higi Level1Coa Railwray of 485,9321., and there Is a balace upon thiaccount inthe hands of theobaukers and the treasurer of obod dbt du on the 24th of Jvune, 1856, wa ,758,0n11 while there hns been receivedonbonds this year 341,6464F TRAFFC RETUNS. Miles Pa- w.Toal Tot? Ralv4s oen aengers, sladl 1557. 1856, Wreek endlns Auj 15 Neeasle.uon.Tyce anDa asrlside .. . .. - ..,495.., ,"38 . ,n. 3,87..5,X -'etlhNorSt-.aE~n .1156. . - ..47O. 4.0332 Week ending Aug. is. Ereolandllxeseu. . - ., - ,, - *. 7,S21 ..X Kathualan ., - - ,. - 191 .. t Lino,TllbaryandSonth. end Egonu .. .. - .. 1,955.. 203.. 2,15 .. 2 Wee ending Aug. iT Lansstrnd^Ill ,. - .. - .. - ..1,681 .. 1 BeSea^etk.. 10 * - - ., 146 ,. _ eludig Knguown) . 41. - ..- . . 2,182 .,2,28 Gssatfloubena ndWest*' .Id0. -.,1a .. 6,621.. iz Eiasey junctim.. -.. 41 .. - .. - .. 6D9 ., U) iimsrlakandl!oynes .. 10l .. - .. - *. 706.. 1 LnCcdr and Ciman 88 . . - . . - .. 40 ' ' *unais 60. _. _. * 0 " ' and Oacal . ..- ,-.. 2.,3 .. 3,6 ?NethEate .X *' 7)10 ** - ** - <2 a Isclly Rilwayr nadDok 354 . - ..- ,. 493 ., 46t Ua,nbse nd Yene .. s.........6 - .. - .,1.85. 1,1* ~~~~~~~W troom rmr 7--'* -1 W vt ., .. h .; - , y - r. ;; y,gt;;
SALES BY AUCTION. t h Mr ThG m Da n MESS:RS. NfORTON, HOGGAIT nd TRYST b. teo Inormgthe puUo hatM:ths FREEOL6 PROPEilTMSg vert!ar fOe BAIM, at the Mart, THIM DAY, at A% wil be ofereda In the followin riVe , yin- L Eent.- 3iountln aud ZoxbthFarms In theprish b f Tr 2.ent.-T3Iresetnted atO tate near rauibrook, the Perpetuaj a ent C TIarO Nits of tttto. in the Darleb of D enendeno intAreealota 3 st-lreeoid Estates, In the pasLsheeot Frttendeu, Benenden, dO.0, fin e fix lots. h olwn aubeUaEL A29 4L B:eut.- rreehold 1;arm in the parish of Bensenden. Old Bread-street. Tlehborne-stroet and G}reat WIRndmil-steet, Pcdilb.-.-reode, 1IjrSSRS. FOSTEB .aro direeted to SEf.jEr byLtAUToNc, ttire Mar, THSDY5th oAust t 12 Situate In Tiohbounne-st-est ond Grteat Windmill-street, and form. ing the angle of those two streeta opposite the HasIrarke16 one of the greateda thoroughfares and bet situatione for businees at tha~eetend otLonaon. Mt 1. A Ireehold Hous h aia"~euce,,omerotTrichbourne and utsNiand S ,h let on lease to Mr. Obarles O'Brien at A28 per annum. Lot 1 A Freehold Homse and Bhop, No. 2, Tichbourneosreetc let on lea to Mr. Bengnugh,at;140 poer annum. Lot3, AFreehoIdEeb'a. being the Grand R1hibtlon Hail, lately in the ocwuptlon of GOr"e mn-mmng, Faq., tgether with the dyme1ilng-hoase, the whole now let on leae to Dr. sgun at £600 per amnsum. Lot 4. A Freehord Estate, the Black He opubloe- hose No. 5, Tlebborne-street, let on lease at £105 rer annum. -Lot 5. A. reehold Movio and Bhop, No. 5. Great Wind=-il street let on lease to Mfra, Murrell fruiterer, at £E80 per sannum. Lot 6, A&F~oehold House and Shop, the Md,f Restaurairt do Clardiln!, No. 5S, Great Windonill-street, let on lease to Mfx. Chralea Bauman at £1i0 per asnrn. On the grating these leases, the tenpts sr, thezr own ex2loe put the mrensiser Into proper renair, the leaes arr for 21 rees, exceit lot 4 which Is for 35 yeas. Lot 18 and 6 awe determinaule atibeend of ir.at 7 o1 rsears by the lesee^es Mayb ervlew. by persllseon of the tenants, at convenlent times, and partinuars had at .be Mart; of MeMes iouth eid Bowden, sollcltor;, l4, Southampto.- steBloomaburtcot William , Ftq., ErsOleitor, 17, Bloo stet nd of xessan. Porter, .5, 1ilr -aL. Important Sale of Building Lnud. in the Lake Dlisotrt.c-R Mr. BROWN at the Prineo of Wales lAke Hotel, Gramer, ouTthur;. d S3,e Po!beer 3, at 4 o?clock iU the afternoon, (unlerC psaiouy Wyke Estote, on the barka of Grmnere Li Wter,In he cuntyof esteorelnd;In lots suitable for bulilg titta P lOtOhUograhie plans, sowin>a4g the ariousiota mi for fetow zlenlies, apply to Sr.John Green, jn.,andsaud- ' ra mrue;s -r. Woo2800'k slDa F* s ;;etjwl P Saurey, n the isier toevicnitr of the Anerley station. t ES. BLAKE wil SELL by AUCTION, at mat 22$ as A&drAw ctted PREBOLD rtateRBE3 1= Of r.sa eleTatIo0n. With fwersonrt aud garden, situate a, Drfl-grmes,)&ln -heaQwvaUloodt Mr. Hod moittha tt fAMl lfiy'-bgviewed l%istptrslationo the nataop. aeliettoss, 19, Coleman.sbeet, LondOnAn of teslC Oroydony, Sr.-Frodidng ESSR& BLAKE SELL U Garraway'oOfeelooe, Clpasaly. on e.t X GSS( BPLOTI of nd g attrictIye E LAND the*hbo!e Itsvingafrootge of 300D~,qKleo.oa 301tee lot. ete'sroad leadirg from ~~- 6,m J, Li Odal, wnt gravei and immediate ptor w o e g asas may behd atGrway(idcehoe.o Jamdes Milet. aq, asehap a t,adof ius lke raoa way Station. S BLAKE will sELL bA CnWi t Comnedal-sC -ebn seebChai allwey, on mdar on era. l Xt.lXoldock (wiLhpose0lnt A hl,.hlY valuable _P' of firetossm PRBODIrUIDIG * N, itat or, tae wet Ride of the ofaSSRS. Bftoether wIth t l CTed N, at Thetolaod, hich hAhnghane ao . bein wll In 'lat 2l a PAI beehade at Garrwa r:.eoe o0 tho Drum bnl bSiLI, and Till,esd, w rent nd ioLted, to S Orodo.-eleonsothfiranworotand.beM know at~~~~~~O-' 12 011%ntl D etea E Wi SEL bat 1TYl Gasaway's offeethowe Chanoe-alley, ooored eterle er 3, At 12 a'PAIRkoI lemlt d ettobed R a AS , mort. r ub-Pk nistenthacembi t andwell withiore feo teld kown aUplaneecd, frethoed, se -edonbod, kone Inteocuainoftele JrBdhn Daltn anud te othe unteaned obut together of th estinateri value RS of£5 pr nn ando Thre Pute of Freeholrd Buldn L anoroed Inoneortra. h lot, aboveaptroate Tao bury-oa4az was o onnlcte wit n bIg neq maiole frno the WeCtd(;,yh ticular4withVicips-wat haddrbl exsatono G hesaa' PCOmfeehuse;b of Mhusa. Meadstaros b trbohoSSre , a t =t of £.atr ger nrru~t anebi°d joffsm, lktie, Cromas,. WdnCink-oanterh r d t and ids. talsad> byoer AhtnrebtUCTIONd, at3we IV. Garraway'l Coehous. Iho,ge-le von Thuepor, at i o'clck e r t et mod Finer fiOlDAmp REIBNF, fnetelvtinbrc-bit and finishd wit cemet dreoir wth foedwo withan gutardnsad ertlyerete eold, vmnwotach t d an t ong andI th rea. ThP"^^e abv be4 propertyIpearanty itate0o ff' ' ner aiclnd ; but, ast9t isht GhorgOOlddogt d OT4 Ion %nEor of4 buerytad,eath un the hikeamount,igth lxen r0oa1d,s Ond tdau threequartrs ofa mil Iren tue est C . ,I,o R qalwa tolatiu. la.- Mti,Th omat et %I s, anDe siolanuni soItoproprt, ki thae 03,upati3a Of3MincIn-lane oaisy Oandf whfso WM Bsure.derroyeooo ntb om rESSm S. BLAE wi SEIL byr AU IO a at1 ~ie,atcn Gyawct4 othAB Meadsii otone.romn mga0rgd1 Ironmod No.sede Meg 7 of esdow wood, aelnd ro natue,alogihrrpr5~ Te sttetoeo3ldofthed mano of th erlto det2 t telie amut, t b ery qa ofeeh Thu onutt ren t in f Li tfoper a nnum. f p $ofe or.Cat (an par; ownedwho ilml urirenDer potesi0sIon ony3treom. A mios tOrwast oGumeaaDrrod, bas,anTil elItrs,road ane eta,Blk on * dt iesretastn eligible WineaMtordcants lise. s. M ESSRS. ELLIS nd SON Are direoted b&,the Executors of the late Mor Xtitbert, to SEL byAlTOl at Garrawayl, on Thursday, Sept, 24. at 12. the apIota,l E&BEaO LAr HOLDMISES, ri-ualt iOUSES,limb-reeg cOonln21,eA4nsaemmnedjou dJane hosewit prmeivate dor,oad;e on dthe grounds Nos.r, and 21ry reott andetL Newieve Comme.orsial-rtons, oa dthe pHemses are leop Nof to yellarlytruat, t ,stemtSeet amoutin Eou£130 po. anum batpomstestion mayletha Houste, oont houaresp amdela-steet The premies are held edbsleymoof ldars.gTodhenviewe byttoktedParited lartemiaybaad hehd4 dais p rior to the sale) of M eake Seorde,an E¶i,asolcitor.d Bao-hn. betree, ADelpuh; at Garrawa&'s and of Messr. ria and Bo 83,auctioneers anddeleate agents, 36, enhuch-atreet, Commcoiu.raI.~TnI,rehod Hosee hel folontrs at o gru f e ;anctlrgibr Iv toetfor email ;altullals 1IrSSS. ELLIS arid SON are directed bo ShEL LY. rrctrso UtheN late Marmvys. Coffee-bo SELL b-nolyAUuCxON aW,Thuarsday.eo Sethrd.Sept. 24. at 12, Inual lRtE, PIOLD rRO Tree,mmrctuale rad; TwogF% ditmstto oa.N, Gl ndstri, New-o theRegent'ewrs CommercIadajl-roa: ah dicttoor, andmSop,ry . co Wrik bUmsrct dwllnhouesterfotre; ditto ouea, oIL.3, atoey -sTreta' ditt Hou iro,ld is 2, JamtedVapae Jmstret Te hodse aenalloset of. imnuifatorol an Too tonn, Ylbrinted partlenr may the hadis Pintd ptelr nyb a days prior to the sale o ess oe n o,solGeorgee,3 Betba.-Ltensve Feehod Pr mises, dpe o atmhe1~USR.ELLIS anid SOW are directed to SELL hil'ul-OO. tGrrwys on Thursday. September 24, t1,vlal.REODPO PaeIIY situate at Twpiga FolyREEHOLDNASIrON. oen-street, ed to thiaedRgnt' Canal motspoand doning I the Vitria Ceetery, comyieInof brikuitedwelin hrousde, wihent scollags, tuablg bo do, ghent mot 1 ay Itfs nwurds aperfe fctlyory,id.i afnd ospen ctaloned oposrandf wooetntv n esaiu kj n sfron r adomethe road earr, and wecaape onrbuldig prosen o the emfor. etio 01bua mandufacosinur.T blL evlegaby aplofydaing o rmwthe bemaye Printd pibrtIuary mdoua.ya be had dyntpgirtoomwth panele,do eogeUi ebuler's ranm, &. waerolcito,25 prle.inil, Caume streo et; of cMe; ro. Vand draudngan Ornunin twolite-ores,2. boIng-istreet, Cli saideka Garrway': an of essr. Elis ad an, auctioneer, and eit Spni~3d ermhoc Catreet.aYsoks arii-ra,Dw d 3PrSSRS. ELLIS arid SON have dieed tao rELLit goo BELL by A"UCTION, at Garrway's,on Thursday, September 24 vale lonta. a captenitealdFREEhOL date MASIN.coStructhedn snixhor indthetmoo uPerior madUtnsier, sin the Elizabethanbi styl-o archintectuere, roidedftbeda wit evey ccmmdatironfo narl gente. ma' amilny. Itsans foredfrfcl dtrhed inu a floe oftmen sitation, comste anding; man extensie and beautifuduviews, and alle surrouynde by pleasure aonds axtndv warden,o aboutw acres, WIIt oed byg a h andsm carihe o alireL And opporios.y on thus gound floo03r, sa ofeteibandgsuacou tan er6habil,telegat lfydaing ekld roo wildthebo rnowt liberarydofining ah nhoble diin room wiathan Panelld oeilncom a ule' mauater-oigonilone,prnie and sogtbmecodarey sataintprcasesAon thetw%uper beenooiarstenumeouthseemoslght apndoloftyc bed; OmernWy and nideressingro,twdo wlerooees, housematid's lerewith sink. and wther Ianuatr i the basmentfv spetiof theumestie ofce (oypeerynn d eripton;edbIsetacheddoube carIase-hoult s equaltho .taahle loktofts andut60en'sroom anlabudante wek sut thyo preng andwsoft water,oand thdedrainae inomlte, Tof bae viuauewedbyatinemaly. adriionted tpe. Plrialli-pe, loksHorusehand Pearre oltares,Oieshaux,houeeP Old Aroa- tes.talte a ens , enc6utrcb-stooreeadlet n nuerous andc of St S GerELLIS onTedaSO. thve beena ofavouebr,d1with atE Instlom ructiEney th b directionsof theBrth Swnerm Cade Corinpbalyoto iELLbyaUCTION at GROL RawIy's, oncTurdayBnt. Iin-a 1f ocue-lort, thbrataeznrie ad tadmirabldcaptaled PdlIgl, theo suprio wand obo,ioh Plan dawdl7eul mandltowhe Goodwilo thin tin. bl'etantUderlairskthowertblhdat, and texuulpendtr fnarl of000 handamey waformd cefor" the, canrdev ofosrsk, and oson rtals, tepoyxteani-e;and iratclhus boon Rodcdo unialld que rnm aityand dtms:an lusrthedwolnies., An loppguiy thu StffodGleryedtooeoltalt A iofentern uon anli imorantbs unbodertAking, calcuItedmonyierldate, moot17liberhmaltreeit Th whoe Gofrte lant Gand uTaernal Garechursc. gAtnewok 2n cag-ow uonditiot, andmgh e mmdantel pbarino of 0ration; outer nannualsoueadtecifpr f h ennloeain abOut 60tons of ppsietenko anl dmi ofW ae3 plant. Tee Lzpremisesex,whc aewthi Aven minurlte, walknsof thLAB sttin and occp auinara of uwarsl o fourbl areX, anhed by leaSe for abou S ema a ad gREDound riuaento 6a and enum,2 wtith-powert Cannon-stheert, main the OcpainoMropHenry freold. atob viewedbyw ticketYMsboly.Printeld Jusritnla rsmaybe ad14dypro tloM wths-e ale of Mo ons1. Wrot nmn B-anner, suNolI.os 17, Grndon-street;beat Gay Coratys n of toosy il and Son,h act iooertyand etate Gagebnoaw PnetL e: lco.-Scprlo ouPhld Furiniture, foil Paintings, Plated fr-m ftiles valu80ab lutrathedwr Booms,Sadlres,o 10 andnumerousEt St.A Miety IN of n thsPtehigeru43 ppertaet Free-pldao artyth knoota tfhSi Georgesrand, ont Tuverday, thublet day oG BeptLuc-temb. ormI mwbdlegonte mod ternes HOuSteHOLDfoJrNITIe la oud maho-j o ne ganytour-postmbas Bts, nio bveN teads and apItalm bedding,r fromOby warf1iv0hat thest,mof drawerus,a rbeut of;Mp sshtndsxdresin 4 A.gletyo showern bentCh.andgte usuag a3.4d pondamgesonsv bdcanbrd rewdod drawinge from salitd, chaiurs In needlwng. hansom roewed ceffnje-, oe,car wot,and te es. O teapy, clmneardper-'--- atecloc andoccaesto:anal o other ornitamen, romadwllstrate mmWorksthiing. thsm-e Stabford Galdeler den' siebar,cao.se ofchIr,E i manod leATCHer, bohases,the.i p jainigmyI iotnoczic ndthers, pHInt-xs, pLatedgoos,TIdean oithuDer saddle,aavry,sl Axlnstte, Brussels, andw Othe du pee tUen-M A Moetyof atheSynde Nrortu reeh%oltWd Reldate, 1,eDtembner.l ate per annum. ad oar theshre Terom ae al ofy,well-aanged, and o odpo ra orbl coprss nleces and T a fs room, ae room, dressig clorZt, adow water-closet, also anol hi,lirdroom Firstwpi floor- an ulgt drawing.ro 2i.b an wtrcot.Above which are forecellent air he rDoom Th aoet,wihi el-ragd conssts f aU thos comfort Meso-vdly~l adIm iate ;os=so given. To vie mnd 1ev Lucs olatrs = enbrb.tet London Kam . dm ds 1and .sollcitar. Bedord-ro Wosilming and to the analoears,to thei offlots Hlgh-sret. Worthing. 8Dmftretahtrs.T_y Mr. S&MUE[, NORTONf, at Betosves Hotel, 'supera-May on Tuesayt, 8th Septembeir, 1657, at S In the aLeren,ubect 0ooodltio Mthen to beprdcdbyodrfth TlAsee uuder the wIll of othe late Bey. Jh hmnJae,o veyvaluaable Estates, wilth commodioux reed.Eneues,ialelyeloselng to theRev, John Thomas Tither, deeasewd, male turnpike road leading from Beigtol to Exeter distant two miles fto.L4Weigo,fo,sl from the Yatton Stuation, wlevedon Juno tionj arid~ aotnemies from the Yuct4ren ntdatfnd fashionableo Wab u-plane of Weston-super.Mare, coom? g la the whole. M2a; Ir. ISis, of rich and Droduettyolad wihth comfortable and whleAngeixsedenoe, known as LanfRa Hose ituate on an elevatiqu, surrounded by its rownmounde, studded with ornamtntal Umnber,- abubbderles, ad lan sdlxu -fonming a miniature pwrk, and eqlnodnexte,,5tr, views of the mnost picturesque soeena. with wI'd,toke walle gauden newly-eece melon and cucumber pits S_sithebesftpiciple,goodalabtIag,oeuh.houae sheds des other eon venleut outn ~ nc entaegesotap hds aAiso,a Bupe. slor NArM-oe =Iit fo ah eleco etea,wt aia walled ~re,ad buildings, "a Parliculac maty be obtained at the YWetHote, -Cvent garen. Londona; Qwueen' Hotel, 7stTFAt-oat. invetent. or for Os pt; .-Carsbalinn, SUMm. Pl ENRY HAINES hnd BV l BELL bY AU0- JLALTION, at Gsmws.a'aon i(oud.ylugeat 3t, at I, in ttLr,e lot. one PAIR of *oellent btckh-buIt V 8, and one dttAobe I ditto. with ondODo foant aud of supelor SOb, ult alear the Oor lultl, _e FAaVtYaaV d nna trtllway.- 'The eeteliel- SS lot atp feegat So, a%ZA. e Other twOo n e let -At 5 eah, aandng toSetheN £0 yer annum vpdirebellfora like Icym, ata gto8qlndr*nt of £8 each. The wole go,perty e swalled-in. obtaine 0 W. ropert EDgellno and mdeuat ownd. e t teElRnEA instruted ,Xi sLJL toe 8eoel klo to BELLK by A fTOoN, 1eouo e.1st, atbe abdtant lb.albuctio ofliCBdce, 38, ho 8s12ar Ntreet, city.ona°tien S plotot at a ren e ofA p Propr2 ity Koeinglaentnd anod (leden*o anENRY Hbl N t a SON da . ntro e y _ othendProprieeortboSRLL b CTONb, atd (4vrawas on ioneuo tGdmraY'gos SI at 1 b o acuck,tWO brlok.bullt 38,~OL M o U8lf ampmrezdentaetl.A of £20. Subatantialvbrock-built Peudenos, with Bhom Nm 38, De Beauvrolr'terrame Kitegslad-roPa; bars ,aD 80YOst'; let%kVS £5 Mases wiLl ha grAnted for 80 years at suap m,orMonsd gtotmds-estof A5 leaving an improved seuta of ;t3o peraonnma. A. capital Tally Rle3ldooe, with exoenUent garden, gresn-howUe, hutho2se, &o.. 4, Vittoria2_lore, Stoke N.wintoo rdi nw In the possession of the vendor; hebdon-lesee at a reutal of ony=£5prwannum, butefthe estimatedvcaIneof £30per annum, Maybovelewd hyleeve of the-tenants,- andpwicnlbasa.ofMeswa. W; Jr. and 4. Boolios, soil us, 21oetharnptonacluse, alerkenwell; of Mr. UurOe itatneo aurteoneer, 12, EirosTenor-coet-wee Ento-sqnsr; at Garrwaysg; and at the auchioneers' offices. 3, Moorfate-street. citr. Buildinog rAnd, Beomleic-oommon, Kent. IEiEIRY HAINES and SON will SELIL by AUC. k.TION. at Girrwaybx on &IoRday. August 3L atl pre3lee'p, THI most eUbhi PIECES of RUMlING L&ND. la one lot' one Pleas cooutAln!g abouti 4a. ir. l4p,, facing tha high roiA from~ roEmiyto Savefooaths, near Bromle New Chrncoh, fo-unerly nede as Unreer grud containing a frontag of SlI feet, also a frontageto a aid eedIof feet: the secndpiec f land, 21 perh,eaxntxresly rN.ed to form a back frontage to the firat pdIes; and the tirt, a Of errheblr P= the BtsidfrOnta, DOttaiirog about I acreand penbeL ko allrailwaY~ toaraborough will ca-3 withtin a atone'sthrow fromtthis land. Fell particulars ofThornos Mfarobsot, Et3q., solicitor, WHib-etree. Deptford; of Mr. Georgte Halnes, anttancesr, 12, rosrenor-treet wart, Eton-square'- at arrawaY'j ; and VAt the atrtoueere Offilces, 38, Moorgate-street. oily. YalobbeFreholdProert, -ritn' at~ Brmley and Cole. for thie Contyo Ket~ earthe Intended Toroinns a tho Rtailrad wall' netet. and ruitable for Bnhldonc Sito.. HAINES aud SON Wil SELL by odern AuCTIOu, byorder of the Executors of the bate Johna Coper, Oeased, at Garraway'on Monday. August a te 11EEHOL ortheTIGR'sHEAD) INN Maston's-rl me'apo 1.tof freholdgroundadjolning, with l,rningnexi t an rEaL eliibl p ace fo buldig;a plot of freeholdgdegrudite rear, w eellent frontagtforbuiing; an e dock, with shed and stalo mg thaereon, with otule Oneu, erteemel rell adapted for buildi,cotnigealtwace,ih goonrght of way and approuc,cmadn otetnieveso tesurrounding counties; alon a lto%uldniadsiaeo i north pidde of a new read *aldBole.skr11 ihfonaenx the road of 40 feet by a depth o 4 rt h rprymyb ee hy e-,re,of the occupant and r mayeand tte way Hotel, Lewisbama ; at the ConHtl lcbsh h aiu lana at Bromley ; Of AMMa. Jones n rol,slctr,1 olr street.C of Mr. George ERalnes, aucine,1,Gnvnrsre et Za'mon,square ;at Garraway's; and a h utoe,~ofcs 3 or Ple-ereet, city. Yirotcsa ievals ENRY EAIN and SO will SELL by AUCHTION a~Ot Graway's. On Monday. Sept. 7, at 1, (unless lore 'vmosl7gold.1 6; order of the Pr7rictor. who is retinueR from business tt D LL I, an SPIRIT VA'ULTS. immrediately opertte the lTeminus of the LBndon and Sotuth-Weotern Raiway, WZtezloo-roOd. undoubtedly the vary beot eittuatton on the Surrey aide of Loudon., To be 'viwed br-cards only, and particular obtained of 3&.George Halnes, auctioneer, 12.Orcvenor-atrcet west, E4toegn%yeaue at Garrway's;: and at the auctioneers' offices, 18. Moorgate-t. rite. l R.BATHwilSL,tGraw'sat1,o Plear inonlae at £29 per year,:o a1 n h rvt ots o.4 tand a, nour h-roaud, ongeribaFe n at rduiget rental ofl £4ceu erl n nelt iprya. atclr of J. Pendestrga.st. alt-la E&r%sq..1olepdoe tomercuaLlo.roWad at Gr as;a d4 M14R BATH wl EL tGraa' t1,o 1Y.ThnOct.yI Octoe 1,tecptIHUS n~BSN PRtT sisa No.N 17, Slnypac.Cmeckaboe ,poucn Cla ncoeo1 eear ar; alap a priast.houe, No3 io tof, handnwpuigte nethrental of £1 Ith.erya.aithenlatyf,Pendargst part2 oa'I Cof Itsraw)y's shadlofntes thtr~4~~ierinlrsca. Vadofoeuable lto *d.TePitdBnkra Bo)asand conit lSL aGarwys o hr 8ay Ouctiaw . al,t1 rpeoulra),aotir or alnhIeaAlD,begn s the notinyt.oiEctlthestr ItAL isfthelo nery5 ese t MALppprOrn41 rout, and. fromted magniNof73csatiews frn is spIDAWN It heigh dipoosed they pureiand hanlrg _AatmOroa offtces.2 Celdhbeulroodt,It famous gradelyroil, thNrosoaWlyo Rt.fl hlegs n ptfgon within ctiens fre dithneo Lodo for eunlavnagsn nwosrthyompreta,nyetlon Pr- b A.CIJfN. L EWbstontf,hat the aLEnof-ow thes menrtet,mrs.ton onda, adetsdt ak lc nTeday Setembefr 12 offices 2. Cadlngto-eseeet Ha L ,tead-rad, N. .hm l..~ traps Gardeners, andat o2 andeps. AUCTON, t th Sho Roos, Wltehll thers Cannona-row. esa minster. en fondr etebr1 and ofoUowingaly. at1 fr leah 4gy amoor,t v rnboomsSOTMN of AETICLe , maufc ture ofRanom,. ImerIhabe glleousAne. cmpisngcmny tais,fer tzas, arints,egdging, A dinreetooem tale2 ff t prior tsod morningofsl,ndctoue heel ten di co rovuyt Nh,Bo. A oomsrend.-auts th Bes0 l,.Lrw auDloner vauer,m NAsirtep ila Mort,r.od nth eihmra asotdsac frosere thetwLiew-rEX Sttos ihnmru siiisfrrsu ing OOhPEwetad and Imedae ooedin Strnd.TI ,t thpe Mart, o Thu3 rsa, Setmbe1, t12ndpr fpordinyg apmatti deightu and exesver ceomplt on IRC2 n as AvrhootynVia Wckhmtoad lheadingrout ofrteq Lwsla-re ruandortosperougsl tohem owhchrm of thedoutry ommadnetu Tiewso thae surrounding scenexpry,inldn ath Crsa2Plae0Ia bleweandrcnl eretedain theamont ubthent prmane,nu hedrc iofAnBaBOTeTois einenroucand no exes ordt edri Slai.teor the M rtPotos lotye Band ofeclenpooros,oa garle,it lan,atte ea,lad u andL,lasldit higea taoste alo nexelet csrinogbsre-oaanstabl onM at th Ag.e 31 the foro12 Is leaseold ofr 97lyears ataPrIo&gon et Istrl of,, D UPiney mg. oiio, ~Fria~.ln UPrda teAc Robinst opleoed,Cvn.adu No,nds, Brettram.~n' eerae n urtv Dnn aaioe eleput d mamo , b ihImdae in otherE precoBINs isdrce ttoiis yAC resnerved, dtbolAeradGOWL ftewelkonadsces fMrlCGNILESadCO OIE salse b y A Mr.HNt, at 82. forodningprs, witMh aobon,etnIeebo on Weoa eth e groc belor, o2fer' The lease ooas 18yar o nf id a totIC o 200b guineasn a yeabro. May ber siewdg, and inartcuarsba,oxd o flthes pemivelMT;f ara. bioy lpand Cszwreh,slictos,ety; f r.Bikla, olcior, arrey' Rr SES. OX`NHAM will SELL by AUC- IMWION, at their Rooms, No. 353 Oxford-street, neor tho Pan. t Xeon, THIS DAY, at li for 12 punaually, the excellnt moder n FURITUR'E; Including Arabian, four-post. and French bedsteads, with hbnmis and bedding odowplee, wardrobes, drawes, washAnda, d 1esg tablen' ng., waanut-troe rosewood and Mahogany chairs, sofas, Ducbts loo, card, consaonal, librar and dinu g iAbblae, sideboards, snite of curtns, semi-grand, abinet. cottam, and Ploo,lo pIano- forteab, the bent makers, chmney and pier glate, ocheffenters eohau- de)ier paintings, china. gls lg, domesliore toualgs ,ud num,e rousueeculandoemamentalminlse.ja~g May beviewedoenThursday and morning of Wae ad Satalounes had. -eBoos, Choina,e adarosIrosllaeorspropPrt 'T iowIXSS RS. ih W l g and la. C. BO A will SELL by ~aad HS TENING, at6, aheubnDtlyof useful H ofU O )t3RB1TU onsisting ofb u bedsteads,bebs. matteesnees ' tbhelan" ctIboea glddamasoceMi ioner , sidban d nsbaelae carpts,couhes cirrMe1r,loid ninteing Noth Wle. r, printainframby ,hureule s, O ng vit ew,adtbonu oft ble hradas ab ow, ve. Sire Sitrerand. finalan.tBy of.rLpiS gILETAUber att Ako aRi o - Fheryon tuesMwdayb, Set.15 beten ath hos nof 5 aend there produced. roet cmadssee nm TTuHAd verky tecltigible od Mansiwit, tl7aWnn, andULadds, LcslledOlsn ittden situate zdlatd the louth-errnCdwfth tme; aboea thef, th alzleyo Dgented, seriocethersge,an Noth Ag Waleg, conta ininhb tertalnallg areos, or thetrdeabots, oft fetlee. calds, meaow, and now intheboletiCdner tferm inatings wth thbeAt oh£10erannum ad olo aBirt of-. Fihe isdantfo the Madach nw et atow the nOmInall' mwmred bheauty themw cultIvated.ally wt toe Wulnen-rand itawdd.oh noqlnghrosbi,th slpig ede-andwebb ahedit timbe Aboe ShVW~ bois a-t T -A% Zermxodle to ale ob&h18 Table onRodoM gOW ln bar 77th ya. a th Se JU MALR i`H bli reeived instrtiotiom to lnirtg Ia~ r ne1t-Knnthl'Polt-.flr,,kardow Otferag ?I taer.s1a may b t td A ne x Prsito andriebb.on 4si1 g D2iOIS IR-. .`hgren4 nOsL-- o ttee ol4 d C ht- blsa for ines m . ilest"Uati~sia o£t3ransm adq5 LBy~~~~~a Wod,.susteatioao bAk !Jsi Nr.bc' tlJde~luMivastinese.dussltdeu p ao. 42. PAl-miau le Wu tes i t*Pwsalrentsoot£srectot4m - Tarw direction of of Jtmer ofs rEal ., *. 0eeeft-ChIndotd, V -A.v tat, hom4d3 Iftl. dceSr noea thp CeOrtomcty of a Jd t oente amowntingta £ a year. &Ired g&arde, anou tablle of Mestaedo o s ?4o.4. 2.avendarCoQqw aMontp'in aaA.bie&l odt eatd re et. of d p1 e anu oleterniotDhiLL 5. By drotblogn of the Aimnte of Jae t&Ms OeaoDd.-BhlngFoeud,inl-,ajsseo'kA Preeolpert,loneloj'_ tbdesirae oorteuneityoDlte aDI t = C d.0 r oo, wlehpesoegcarden , farmyiae,undl outand M1f - 1t, DEBENEAM will BEIi echd 8atdtostuare C ofarih 3ZedowL iand the boe etetNito. lnja, 6.. tr.bl , leasant situate In tow- u aruet, a 4 , i le jW.. eno~tt rent ofuta £1t er annur s 6.TB1 direction of tYe nrat th a Maldot, aqaMMA large ~ gdetn,otb budeos,e Javid s iotlodag siu jaje 1;O, 3 eaite-stree a n ikadjsoinn, lrin &neossmlae et * sr.tbleteant. andproduCin aretalof £5010_ Pe oer Pitbed pobartionlar mOD eotanda theoP Mart, &hdat the 0645 row, Beuet-strot,. and IS, Chango alley, CsrnhflL 2O enfera Lo ili OriEosrIh dl tJbee ed; miat t* aad,qua el-t. sie in each Company are too well known tor ire rieat.zd Particulrbes at th XaatDg ache toofVy Te iS F DAY,b *a atth°asat2o.-~, Detahed illa wih CeeervtejisadgoodGsssee,I tse readiness I mediate occupatIon, wth Aire InS bet's 8eDtorubere~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~A tb btD ~ ihe dvDEBENH wil BELL adetached Rcys Tbe,I'DENOB 3,ope Armedgrton Parictlcnlacz at the *art-; anidrak tO. Chetntbrandfe. bulAe at the Mart;,ar* at 811 jaepl peas y < t ESRS DAVI an/ VG Vi ELb M AeehToIOAd T*or tre ienly ehde t e x Ostes r _ RataayBO StatiOnon Vho eOria(London~Dcs,I-- pin being tiO'stintbe. BEL . of afrluF. NI ltlOLDheoUSe, , and 4t Iverattionaors,1 Pa*a To's Mart: and at il, Oheauro1et . oTUi St l,ttlje b>tat atleenifoeXDl-tpree Le.Ir Absolut Luroptatie lritong Lea lehold to be Ate , Be3code ENHeAMV bSerebol BLLThENS onOlU8 el Goewell-~~~~roawean. m ig TIN athibooe, Septembartuar at the TOM .rt an atDi Cseyje TviSew Ya the dypro,art, cat*12foog ecsey. Dtsbted fpreeShldoi. B ie, C and e artds of 0a,hl MESSRS. LBU x,LA WD g and 8 ced Mt Ac ^ sN a ffironHoe. .Sith bbe*^ boheln ofahouie Trtes iatin ht, wIt n e nd gb,o ne t G A renthe of fv,Xnfeent t ta Weligon-road Vsgtatno a. i o=l wi b TeiA A OxfoDrdfree woi ellebly a tibeEhaa DukPe-sree, edigtoJauheiteraio dC, OIl ±LteSIDC5,NCyI, Bond w aset Soneyr HW. ,wt 0s MrPla w at Ohe Mart;ti has receiventmee o f _Da~~~~VGre enwilleg BeL by Wdx0Sl,Ct j tau by ad of the maino borouIalre Ho u lele ltin ofkh soaogu11,~e5 and;3 bedwd°ing ehtaoBags metands,carts, bindow reaetail n d, s t tnstt iteasychtaeitr tchena mdatle r m oeke rylb uay j Caaoeu tor bn had o t ho ortined on the 8. Pruedo'aer, Obd JaoW. f Un Srnto ye-ms di an' ero moden h msmiteh;e. MA,RsSneao I.I. BROMLEYband SONELLwin -LamtbL 31 at 2 UOIOITP,, In the aults, , fourziixsi -___T_ODLF edeAu d2, fatheor bes ndbeddirc tnog,thestwof dra dm Oai erselst otr, pAted. for gan and wanton tr 1for' wt a sDOenas PTvt buYen, tRO WldIeNng.7 5psaDmPd. 1 ti2 doz veysvat cau ino cuhnI0ts rctains, kithe requIites otne Sw gee,, A*eer°2Z mornin ofa InsNle. Cataoguesmtbbeha coihlwe. oars; ad atg£.' the autineer:s' othies, Jred6eiIks.es,.01 e,wflh lce=,m~~~~~~oz N*U loft * Re te, (eoDaerse ai blenuroe ld Shiu ran eaer ItR CatlOm S HEM1 fING wiji L thBEL by .LYJ.TIOe. at his Rooameh 8 ,Pi l.atet Lodg on Wt&'e.lds view tmdem llour enhd catelgne thmso Slrough, fourk. v Ftreehldan Oerv=ofld EstMaOtes, I mt,ressigs,. 2 =UOlesT from SWo, andl SELMbLlh LU. AUCTON,a%tio,The ConHotel, S1lougb,owu a -I b& byOrcln Vofhewi Trungthehes fmr. Lidad ecae,te qlw vauane 'OtETI no A Pieen e omaof Feehold Buiedin Lord wthMe aWirot ageof14 fhe t tole t. hise tltO edonmod alno, snotberic, hated in the r aentr ne o t on oogh, compr in a5 o h mown a thbe, oddlellow Annsvn atrtheAr g, akdae. towo 2 frdeeat.Prticulars, with conditons of ale maybe b~3al fH Daroeili5, &q. a 5ndlntore; ordofuem. Eikai anW., nton The 5-bpsArse, Orfotdem treet Inmosztelgbysltzt tth o ro V ukeetoreet, leadin toeRila M tanreteosnar, afloat-ai pstie IqBI R LOGUo* a rcie ansdutin SOeN& th LY.i'pleu,wosrtigtoiELL by AU W O,atQsa ove thcgeri anoe,wt oecukad adn.fa u a farthe winetheut oeseav modenrtte l aitl wt enait~~ ALoetbebodr siwith teaanaeoa eefrontanddh bayck~pe~ MAi~~~N,intheyauThs, den Good atebn y ousebolth e WCt Acmprse 151 drem vesymwA.Sk nuted Pcortag oe anso, in arwalnu-ode SerwS dz aa 1ndta Ltaynokiw amontgihadFowSerr-, nie fodaoomvrsuperty,Ion,Sbat abeeg b, te MIAESSRS. BULLOOK wil SELL, at their Grest RVJoom. 211 HIgh Holbern, To-morrow, genuine )IOV"RSw,, EUBIiIUItB including mahogany, laPanned, and f otes an bedding, nahogany wardrobe, drawers, and fehI nearynetl earMes, chimney IlaWWe, w&Jzmtwoo&cIaus% 1d locks, bronze . c eapitl ding tables, iddebord, bookases, lll 1j table, parlour haes and sofa, ebeffonlema Irn sfe, and klts niches, May be vlowed and ctalogue had. Early Clearance Sale.-Houseold J tter e.an tl- of a Grocer and Oiman, II tonDaurF Snoaps aInboe and Bltock; removed, for oonvenisnaeeof sale, trcmn Plssbh roa,d jb Xentisb-towv. MPR. JAES REVELL will SELL by AUCMIO1N - 'a,LJ at his Rooms, inthe rr At .ofceS-se. ToaS naD AOU 8 sta1, about to glaJisft- uJDu,-a - qftatity=idc? s and otllman'ztur 1 toopn, f ee ete. un, 0leW. SIt th II roN ii^ Ctm-Under m Exesoutlou-Anr s blage of degnt JnmltureiJ,Zi-uding a briflant-toned xocedtwalnut; a noble wine Wrdro, Stedwt -l sah door;, seralout pIle and aptrs lr 1 4 Console Glasses,a lgn wlu-odThwnRo IZQD begs to a kounoslie wifsUl;t , bwXJCTOl{at tbe RoomsNo. 3,(eaQ_weed,two do fremNew Cannon.~ THIS DA' Aur.nt.an su - ed moern F,UlNTU,E. Intcludig an algat-wbst SUt ared obong w°orks andOosoa-am som|O tPlIe-earpeb, s rlateO himnle.Iall!as6, twoSatan bo*tO tta4 1aofa,s meibd,;j winuedalg-room elences ^hansoeEws ei dining room, lirar, an be&hatnubea' aeedagis, ghalms, longes, and inSdsu4by terreda,e3roea, ecloth ; u oble telecope 4Koaals,rc we'iebems .15 Liabln beaead and damask hagn, des bea _ blp wardroesb-rawg Brusels s'r8Dei. wasetod,-ae '- ban chairs, Inlai baroeter ad, aleloa~lIebumMe.e,b Ib wlew thadarpriorto sae, aaotsonbuge hadataa an onibsasmles - - - :
