DEATa8. In JanO lmt, killed by the mut!neers at Byrvns-lhat, Charles Watkin Oniliffe, Psq., Bengal ClilU tervicte, A&stt Ct.mfnladloner ot Bersitch, Oude, 60 no Lieut.-Gen. bir R. H. viltliffe, Bart., C.B., aged 24. At teO massacre at Caivpore, in J uue last. CaDt. Fredk. G. JeUlcoe, b3d B.N.1.; also, ct fever, in the ltueuseobmerits his beloved wife, barsh EmllJy, dinjintr ot the Rer. Rd. hlurter, rector of Brightwaltham, Berks. It Is suppozed their two Youug chlcueu perisheA at the seie timne, In July lset, Arthur W. R. Newesham. Esq., M.D., late i6t N.I. murdered at Oawupore; Cbarlotte t;ewenhamn, wife ui the above, aDd youygeet daughter of lenerl KenineayCt().B.. of :erer, at Cawopose also, Arthur and Charlotte, children of theo above. at C.wnpore. On the 10th July, at the Cawnpore massacre, amoug the Futtighur fugItives, Edward Mursard Jmtes, &q., In his 274l year, son of the lati Captain Hienry Jawes, ±if. rM.13., to~desyly lAtroeted. Kiled, on tLhe 26th Aug.. in the skirmish near Hattra',, EnsIgn Harry Lewin Harsh, of the i6th Bengal Inufantry, moa of * L HDppesejey Marsh, late of tlie 3& Beogal Cavndry, agws 18. On the 29Lth June. i857, Clara Canmpbell, wIfe Ef the Rev. W. 0. Newobam, of Pieter. Maritzlborgh. On the 9th Inst.. at he. house. meat Naples, Madame Maralil d'A!coll widow of the OavAlere Marulai d'&aoli, and eldest daughter of the bte John 8auford, Esq., ot Nyrehe&d Court, Somerset. On the 11th ist., at hie redsdence, 43, the TerrAce, Grrveneed, Mr. Willam COulmer, ared 71. deeply Iamented. On the 12th tost.. Mr. Ca-ivie Edwards, late of Ktnnerton-etceet and hlotcomb-street, Belgrave-aqaure. On the 14th inat., Henry Graiuger, Za,I., 50 year of age of Grainger'e orove lacrcomo near Cork, 1iSand, an of IeV . , Worceetersctreet, thetb y ru'ghof ah`otrwart, tldoe piece and hair merchtant, deeply regretted by his wife and family. On the 17th inst.. at M.sr1botough.hill. St. John's-wood, Caroline, the beloved slfeof hir tVilliam E. 1;,ruaby, Bart. On the 17th imat., at Southampton. in consequence ot a fall from his carriage. Peter Barfoot, Bq., 01 Midlungton Houte, lt)roxford, Uiantd. a magistrate of that tounty. On the ltth Inot., at 7, Belgrave-terrace, St. Jobn's-wood, in the 31st year of lhis age, Rlchard, eldest son of the late Mr. Richard Sharman, of Windsor. Onl9th Inst.. at Ito. 1, Snffolk *lace, Hackney-road, HenryCh%rlez LAngley, Req., surgeon, aged 43, dewply regretted by all who knew him On Tuesday, tho 20th Lust., st 76, Le*denhal-stfeet, city, Mr. Morrli Manual, aged 14. On the 20th inst., Catherine LouIaa, reliot of the late John ParnelJ, Xeq., of Waltham Abbey, Easex, aged 79n. On the 20th Ist., at her reidence, Raven8 Lodge. Dewebury, aged 54 Harriet. relict of Itithard Crawehaw. Keq. On TuWeay, the 20th Inst., at 9, Daruley-road, NottIng-hill, in the 82d year of her age, deeply regretted, Blizabethi, relict of J aneg Hewlett, Req.. late of Bath. On the 20th Inst, Aun, the beloved and lotiented wifte of Thomas Scarleit, Req., of Bedlord. plae, Claphamr-rus, while on a visit to her eldeat son), E. Ls. S.srlett, Besi., Park-road.terrace, F?orestblill, Syden. hama. She departed in Peace, and .'rntered lIno the rest which re- a neth for the people ot God," after submiusvely lngerIng one week from a sesere stroke of paralysis. On the 21st iuet., etuddenly, at xila realdenoe, Bredgar, Kent, Nr Arthur Willis, of 8. Newga4e-rtreec, Londou, in the s1at year.ot his age. On the 21at Inst., at the house ot her brother-in-law, Mr. J. P. Ponelone, No. Ia. Charlotte street, Fitzroy-.quare, Miss Elira Bennett. much and desrvedly respecttd. On the 21Mt Inst., Wilam JaLmes, the only and beloved eon of H. W. Axcher, Mare-street, tlACkney, hiL his 22d year. On ithe 21st Iselt., Jaue, the wife of P. A. PhIlps5 Req,, of Bank Hadl, niear Stockport. On the 2Ist inst., at Klmbolton, HuntingdonEhl beloed and derply regretted. lary Agnes, Youngeat daughter of enjamin Wilstead, RAq., aged 22. On the 21st inst.. In the 60th year of her age, C?roUne, wife of Mr' John Becker, of I I, f5ackvlllta-ezget, Ficcadily, On the 22d Inst., at North Houne, Clapham Old-town, Helen Golding, the Intant child of Mr. and m Joeeph Freeman, On the 22d last., James Gilbert, Esq., of Tournay Hall, Lydd, Kent, aged 81, much reegetted by a large circle of friends,. On the l2d Inst. at Berkeley. Glooesterehlre, Commander Augustus Thomas Hlckes. Royal Navy, aged 68. On the 22d Inat., bIrs. Richard Sharpe, 159, Orange-roAd, Bormond. Sey. On Thursday, the 22dl Inst., at 2, Queen's-row, 1'entenvile, Mr. Rees Davies, in his 45th )ear. On the 22d Inst.. Ellen, the wife of Mr. HenryVizeteUy, ChAltont Lodge, Canmpden-hill, Kensington. 'n the 22d Inst., at Wralington, Surrey, Sir Charles Hlenry Iloh, Bart., in the 74th rea of htr age. On the 23d Inst., at ChrIstchurch-road, Brixton-hill, Frederick VWillalr, the beloved son of t e. and Alarlan Archer, aged 7 learn and 10 montbo.
W ANTED, au IN-DOOR APPRE-NTICOE to the boot and shoe trade, PrIemium £20. Apply to A B., King KenvinpolL ~ ~ st2- de 22Y.aatn IAT ANTE]), a yOxsw person, as U-RSE to dtwo chldren: must haver ed aY reqIlar n N rletse- heaseed pl at Sr. Mll'swie vauts K ennntoncOrntes.a TANTED, an IMPOVE ang V TICE to the dessmkig busines Apl a is, Aerlystreet, es%endish.squ're at 19, Vetreet, ANTED, a cleVan COP of TE L OTIMES, ostead TV te eenin ofpubicaton.Slat prce,to J. C., post office, AiTE, Wage yIoung man as SALESMN AN, whvo in- Oder° thn thn iy.ther and grindern t1ade. Apply, stating term an expriece,to 11, White, dldelr ho-t. WTTAN1, ia MAN, whoUnwela endeIteanr, thoe por andsausag trade. vvoD acqubheet with tohamaried man 2s4to a0 secondhande Sasage Machine. Applyy Setratdrse 35 Z.,tenouthoflc TA1NTED, to BORROWa £0 yon theo whertyJOf heog sbet None hutd boasm nal and penteseed reply. Asddel, AddrBssCM, pot-.fc, 35, o LdegaWolerhamp,t.oaul. E ljtrATATED, a toAlO URA, D, whr A house maill iepgtV. AD good hr.eater onlye Aoge, r6 2 thorp0 opyt. Two i n famtt ply.e beStw.eon'I d2 1 ANTED, aiesec O tanb a gentg womans PAi WVYCOK InaeYmaIl Tuly w ll hNavued wtohtaehfart ofacthe wash and A aplkesAlyb attr adt, petno, CdressedA.nZ.,l Kl"bu0. AN°T'e expsearLsaiencaed HuAUNDSto, fancorking and A , ba a respectable aoCa person, wr. a ch" 'L dreaa-atkerreew tenteel rapery nttgblis .. t:OiyNGi IAN,tO cleanotis,atr knivres,c.Apply beforven.1 Adsat 1d. N., post olla, Asoenu.adSt. s 1AANTED,aEOWN TRAVELLEWRK, anh harly, n triser.n wagtehs0 a er,ever yonftingmens, An washind pcommietTwon infaily Aien p rply, by letwee AindY to A.B,. Glcpterruade, tnOld80P rmsn.to 1er emton. , ANTED, s ecOun, ina gentlemaon, os sma w a and akiali res tapl tron byt adrerss Aon.. post-offiY.e erpoftaol lo, Hamp1s1tead, Estaigge,r Ooua tie atioalCms , an wae ,eO ty W ANTED, bya res ectalet yon perso w10 A TGRIAI,DT-han otssakeni Duta genteoelt dorapr sotablish. Went av setmir asITATON. StoIT rerences, T a be g ven Address ., rost-offr e Wroyerhdan. on. ______ TANTED, a TdO Nt RVELER whoIn hasisti a partnxe with grocer aIvn onetienernt Af saplar ndn co-. nmission willebeirev. A p l onply to At us. B., thi C.gto wiXth refrence to las empondy er. ewe h om t2wdSp ANTED aC, in a bientlemanmus, family, WT a thor ougely r espectable, strongo atv pern. Address by.eter pest-o Ily, iam ptead tstatein agem, qounaiesCaltol, and wasteroatd. 731ANTED, by a respectable person, an EtNA EIC. TORIA as HO UD hereR atoranwioodowedorko g imn. Can lake cargeof children. opaeronal i tervfren, ddrerd sa lar. no. cha-ob Address ApplY bY Ctiater, 5-3, pnostrt-otce Crodon W ANTED, ra distille, fI OOar tovn afris in v In fare oi themakts, torwei T e oothegnsentant f spiritsd the o misAsion Referen swil bote rreUd ef eAlre. pDDIyto tto ndtS.nslarytiler, BuMondonirext. etwe Messors.f Wothngton. NAJANeTED, sender hald-srespet.dbbesrie as PR mes otLES ine the coatrade Dovn ISlberl ommsson Aee apply vh peSONal, from 11 to 5, eastra onisCa ComanyaIrsCty. road.~ ~~~~~~~t,wo hruhl no d te buonem anrdu st hate chargonae. of 'bookal Aresalay letll b oivn. tol Q. Mr ure's smnewspaper agRlent, LoundovnwarllMC ANTED, ay person , c pe to act asUPlOvT ORIATO EDITOR f bene a fudtna . Idwoet; work o high cl as Arpplysh lpeter, pryo-pi with Rernc. Asddrers seB, 3, Brod. M'rs.rt Elgr osveor anChae.Qin-trt, dJW.t,creo 1.TAN TED, by a good PLamiN COaO to a st n V part of the O hobsenor. To Othraserans kp Garnd the wash ing put out. Ae n fote country preferrdce T. Apply to to. -1, St. Mary-ase, ona Mondaext, 8.Ibeten thlae huso Ndeand p.m WATANTED, Bna tirad and bOicIt kr' a PER.. VTadO, fomt 2 Dseto s prnleam of ithoa theroe shl upnlde',ao nda het buoiness,tande haslba che oftl te books. Addres bpletera onhhly Q.e br. voe' noewspper agdrent London-wail,rk's.xrienc_e, WrANTEI) by a respectable ersNfor bteeAuetoa Judges ha otto Wligt.u S4an15. eldes lay onod oectiodan tio travllin. Ov refere snc yddears' go cQ. rcerto..Apply by seioert St.. A.ban'sk-i dadrasd. TANTED)3Or a smanll famivLe Itforw aM &on tVm ad hiso 3E yeth forme lvaIs Codacmansaner, tohBahon,eS latther kieaeC. Tahey £mus hare ceent charactFr. Apply t o tohe hausekesp. 17 veryeadenhtl, a-erewt. LP., him eity W;1TANTED, a LOUNDa OAKN, fOr the tofl crAL of es ofWthRoyal NorThL DOwn, hifes.Nonme ndeedappy who Jadget pr tode pret-atn tagestcinuals. litbatl soalr Sw be giSen 15. lnbuatm ieonag aot houstebseatiness. Has been used tons wholesal photographeSicg etabismen. Adderess 62, 13.,dtt, Bromuow AtrNt,E1g D lorn. nctvtuswrhyesn W AoNTED 3 byeart younage peroIn,go maccut,omea tcoolbu- ness,fro aondn. iYUtI inuaerstatiner'a dary ostherleghtvusness. the itesahood hand.1 Can giear.Appfltoy rference. tow2ocok n orourmry da. Wex. Parts' Osbar'sl heeoner,et. ban dgpite-h, Edewaetry d 10 till 2. MANTED, a HOUSEMAID, inG a s faraidy W whereld,oof k only isnkept. Age about 20. A yei'snperin aa charueter indclpeufable, to understand parting oat table, and a gowi r eoedlvoman. A~Ply on Monday next, betwveen the, hours ot 11 ancS 3 o cockr at 11, mer-terrades CHty-road. W ANTED, ay a OD rNaaN fho tiengSALed of Nter halWTpast or Ao'Tloo (wholnderctandsbookkeepid bby Sudgle and dotble Wrentry), AIclturlNT, Sithor to kerp a s4t of b one or to make oft Invoices, s. Apphr by lutter to S. O., post-ollice. 17ew Sloan,btreet, H.W. IATANTED, by a young tien, 24 yetws of ape, a W SI8TUATION 3a tlLERBSi or In any capacSsy where he c -uld make hiwsolf generallY uoeful, a n a wholodale or moratschoalhsie mlexstfomablonreeren.ce sndasecurSta canib. given. AddregAi.v in 2a n loomsburys treet, Bedford-nquare, dg.hc. TANTED, by a single gertleman, 20ell tUr. WNtSRHED nd comfortable APA.RTalNT8S.vhicb, ItsuStable, will be tafen dor a ptrmaneacy. cittin 10 pnrtes' walg on Hoyde park oanhes. Goow atteodauce sndispeneable. Appli by letter, shatins pprmy awd hull panwculars, to X. Y e Z.m 1e Duket 6tot Adelphfr tATANTED, a merantilA houe in Maanhester, v wha competent BOOKnEEPEt, who Ig at the 2ame tr'se ableto corrfacpoind iSpnsabLe. oepiues In dpandsh, stating term, and astgatloo lasthodtobe fodred tohea whoee aliet cande tradver, al PFR'iON, fully oompetent to 6nperiRtcud tepoi6dp mont. No one ueedS apply who his not filled anmlretaS AppUdlwoan Ato bo madM, yetween 10 abd 12 o'cloho s o1 11 an bneck at lburCSy- r,Cty-road..,, jIAN TED a ay,ou maio,ho is clisong as V ItT aEr haf-paT o s mpotent to Impart a suund singlesh a douatlone wil, };eb oMEyng ladite ad to prepare th 'ekorc tmakGerman, aurdvous,c Io ppyb adter mators. 0. poloice. gona8ly, ny torning ween the hourr o 11 and Od-sq W ANTED,imbyediately, y g ma, yearsof ane, a V StUAN Tnd his CVI FE, wltriotit yog camaiy. to manahe a dairy nke launIery. guetnell underutlndt i e a bu5hlale ornd havn goodhoua ractfrer om lat emPloYeres Jont wage, Itc. a wnoke and dottage. Ap. A EB., or p bronaUy at Mr. Over's, famUy groeer and oilmanl 14, W ANITED a FURtNISHED ]RTESIDENCE, Isithin 20 mUes of landotu ou gravel 81, to oontaln a drawvingt d,nine and fourgoodbedrooms badmdeantlhen andhouei M aneighboter hood of the Great Northern Ralway preferreat PsU pamtimcabrs to aW. R., care of eymour Cliarke, tq. Great Northern Raiway, lit.iii- WATANTED, o tHO wh or 1 roorns, e ith large W "rden (sdif ih7o ce of grass6 land oo much the better), vntbLn three or toul smetnt on the Great hesotern or deputr meltemn t. aiway, N n a drwahod a sry stuation, and within 30 or 40 miles Al town. The nelehboerhood of Reading prefeoedk Apy.16, Btatins full particElars to a. C., at of oth Storeho-se Gloceptersuire. W ANTED), by ayoung manN of excenment cha-ud If r ter,geZ3 a 'ITU'ATIO 'VAs VALET or TRAVEiLLING ngERVl N orWalter in an hotel. r e t s a Belglad b, binth Land 6he3ki Engisnh, German, and French snuentdY. mCn ce hrghly r.om raended. At Present irn Ostend. iAddreeB Mir Beauprez, 16. Weet, etneyt aO mtendi Beltwem. tor refeorseno to 01Iond. Vandenabedeld 10q rue de s Rs, . -nrs Noires, 06tnd. WjzANTEtD to PUvRCHASE, NdTh~in aranjgeo0t 25 or 30 miedl mrom London, aud within two or three milea from a railway station. a good isnbatantiai PRBEISOLD ^AsMILrY RESIDENCEA anth froms WE tow30O ares of uantge and arable land adjolada rtrg. A lgsit emplo wouoi be preferreds lartic,iars to be addrcted by lettor,d, or peSo a Mcare of Mesrs, lrohe and Oover, mno,ctor1, 33. olo Jewnr, London. -Tmileofnd Ontgravlesail,'to ntatiy a dLinerpiolnga dforgood bedrooms, beside kitchen andhe st Tbe noei eghor ooed of the Groat NorthernRailwaybpreferre.to out o pt and make to drens clothe6and pOBBeB a unxepln blecaracter. 8ho wUlI hav th,care oftSemhurR Clarke,nsq Grat. ohern R14a with everything found An adernurs S6 kDt ddrcs to3. W, 13, Percy-atreet. WANTED, to PUERCfHASE, or to Re1t for a short prSod, with the option of afterwards Durebasing, wSthJn es or rn(doan, ind in the vic78ityeof fox hoands, a CObeNTRY REwitDh Neo, muitable for Sthe recepton of a gentWeman'o family - together with aot more tyan aIr sr ItOu or leo than 50, acres of land attaowed. The Great Weitern hLoe Preferredn s aleo a pelghbourhood h prteaooti. gcouidGC pjhiredo ofdegired, Add t h A.W .r.aeir.Lskles. 26. H lM ontr t. Ileail.. _ AN1ED', by a Priot-estant la -, ag40 w-hoha W 1 l0eendomesticULy brouQght up, a 517lJATI )N Ina widower's tamAly, where sbo would bave thy managoment of the whole of thr estab lshment. and where the children do not exceed two or tAree. Lhe sof a cNmPlYrg and oblgring dLnposteon and weUl buy ed to be the compankon ot an i lderly m ady wnere n othung men.anbhighl 6 recmSalary not Bo much au object ez' o omfortable bome, and the countr prmfemd. ThehprestrIn eatend.glAdresMir.red. App1y6.7We stEet, Oaend,Belouma . Farigor arefeeneto os.adnhee0 WTANTE3D, a SEORETA1Y, for the Cumberland VandW Vestmoreland County constabulary Salary£75 per anitun, e%clusive of unitorm. He will rank in tho soerice as an inspector, witb the Prospect of future promotion. Ago not to exceed 40 years. Must bow eU lduedsted In every respect, and Vlrite a plain legible hand. TeatimsoDlals as to respectability, previous occupation, and general quallhlcatlons, togetber with certifcates of baptimn, to be rent to the county chief constable, Carlsle. on or betore the 1st of November next. ADplicatious to be made in the candidates' handwriting. 1,TASH ING WANTED.-Gentlemen's or families' VT washbig gotup In the neatest manner, and on moat reaeonable terms. Homse and cart In town three times a week.-M. Bryan, laun. dres, Chill's hill. Hamnptea. AriHING WANTED, by an experenced lan- W dress. Has every convenience for her business, and can howell recommended. Terms moderate. Address S. Richards, laundras, 19 Norland-road. Nottisg.hilh W. WASHING WANTED, by a respecble laundres, who can give good references. Clear starching and fne lnen. Shirts. 3d.; children'a thing, 9a. per doien- or weekly contrasts. Good drving ground and rlenty of water. Address M. P. Spalding's library, Nottlrg-hI. n OVERNES.-WANTED, in a ProtesIant D S- G senting famiv, a GOVERNEISS, to take thoesle charge of a yoslsg lady, aged 15, to Instruct ber nd a form her manners The apDplicant not to exceed 3>0. She mnaetho able to teach and speak thle French and Englsh languaiges with Hluency and grammratical accuracy, and also to Impa rt instruction in drawing, music, and the other accomplishmenteaf a lady, Letters, pre-pald,saddreesea to Xc. F, Z., stating age, references as to relicioto character, and terms, may be sent to the care of Messrs. Dawsont, stationers and news ageots, Cannonstreet, city, E.C. M USICaAL GOVERgNEF;S.-A lady wishes to meet togv wiuihin hle°ons ton mdoderoatote tIerms, and can Offer most sals factory references. Address L.B,, Mesas, Byfield and Co., 21, Char. log-cross, S.W. C.PECIAL INTSTRUCTION for LJADIES of k >NEGLXOTED EDUCATION, by a teacher wvho has adapted her Sytem to their wants, anler 12 yeara' experience. Solid Englith. with letter-w;ritlag, modern languages, music, and drawing taught,-Dalta, 7,fr. Gate', peet-cnifc, Lfseon-grove. A YOUNG LADY, possessing a good knowledgo of £3mwsic, wihes to derote two or Shree hours daily to rANO- FORT1S TEACHIN'G. Terms very moderate. Addres r . B. C..4 ,Mr. Coilingwood'p, Coileg.seet, C:as ea-n4pin, X.W LAYwishes for a RF-ENGAGEMENT at A chrietmaa - a sM Min a family. Acqureinenta-English Itteatu% Pmch,music, and drawing. FPor age. salary, and referenes, = excpte. Trms£35perannm. ddxss . B, 2,Germaoy. A YOUNG ADY ba~two cr three hours a day unocuied dsies an AGJgMEW, az READER and COII&NIN toan ldery ldy,in the neighbourhood ot Haverstock. bil, o t intrctschid nde 1 yersin Englisb rench and musti. AddessM.N..J. os's ewsagnt.HigatreetklImpatead. I ~~~is desirous of obtaining an gosasters ox rho would not object t-o theo chargeeo an Invld an ueitend tho housekeeping. Usexceptionable, refe - ente AdesCE.T., Chapman' library, Ilford. AUX NIIANGAXbEPS.-WAN TED, for the country, Aa native of Parts lexperlenoed), to TAKE the entire CHARGE of TWd CaILDRENq, ages one and tou yars, and to tearb them to gpeak her owa language. AIpply prsnall (or by letter to B. L.) at 3, Best plate, Gordon-square. LADY wishes to RECOMMEND a respectable, A attentive, and trustworthy person as NURSE to a permansnt invaltd, or as Attendant noon an elderly lady. Address S. A., port ollioe, Quiaje'-terrate. St. John's-wood. ALADY is desirous of obtaining SITUATIO~I3T for Aber COOK and HOUSEMA ID, both of whom she can highly recommend. Addres to A. S., Mir. GreenWs, butcher, Littlo Stusex. place, Hfyde-park. W. N SALARY REQUIRED..-A lady ~wishes ~for a iNRE-EGAGMEBNT as HOUSEKEEPER or COMPANION to &a Invalid. Address B. Ii.. Burn's library, Kenningion-green. NURSE WANTED).-Any lady who can consl-en-- Ntiously recommend a NURS, .of middle age, who has host a sinaution for many years, would much oblige by writing full pDrticulars to (. X.. post-offire. EdenbrIdge, Rent. UR!:E WANTED at Righgate, in a faml N bmthere ass tw2 o?sldren. She moust have net less ta twoya'character. Wages fronm £11 to £15 to commence with. Ererytbing bonxd. Apply at Mr. Keene's chambers, 5, New-square, L'nooln'e-tnn, any mornintg between 1t and 1. HILD to NURSE.-A respectable MARRIED WOMAN or WIDlOW, accustomed to the cave of children, is REQUJIRED, to take charge charge of and bring up by hand an inf ant two montha old. The, vIcinity of the Regent's-pati P referred. Apuly by letter only, slating wehether mnarried or not, niumber In famsily also terms expected, to A.B., pest-office, Albany.street, ERegent`a-park,WW. OMIE.-A lady, middle rged, seeks a RE-EN. H & EM NT, as COMPANION to a LADY, er as asuerfinteudent of the honrebold and famil of a gentleman. References b.WWY respectable. Addrems EL. n., the Groe, Kingeland, Shrewasbury. JADIES of SMALL INCOME, able to uise ithe LJ calmel's hair pencil, wil find a moderate but useful addition to their incomne in a light and not disagreeable EMPLOYMENT at their own homes. Apply to C. N. Green,,15. Canterbury-place, Lambeth. toad. TESSONti ini MILLINERYand DRESSMAIKING LA is. 6d. the course, given by Mris. A. ADAMS, ItI.Edwardsrel Lancham-plscs. Regent-street. Paper parcels given tppl.bn pro,ers wanted, Business bears from 12 to 4. Just pbihdionts on Ladles'Dtess; also, third edition, How to Make a Dres.ByMr. A. Adams. Price Is., post free.- rj0 MIILLINERS.-WANTED, a FlIRST HAND-, T. also Improvers. Apply personally at 269, Regent-sftreet. r¶0l MILLINERS.-WANTED, a, FIRST HANDJI in the millinery, oen who also understands cutting mantles. None need apply who are netthoroughly acquainted with the business. Apply to A. Smith. Wesron-snper-Mare. T O HLOTELKEEPEIS, &c.-WANTED in Lorn do m osyung Person, aged 26, a SITUATIONasiRAI or HIAlb WATRESS. Apply, stating terms, to Mms. Millor. Thou. doralcy. Hasex, Unexceptionable references given and requdired. T O ONFETIONERS, &u.-WANTED, by a re- spectble NU!d industriou-s young female, a SITUATION in the above or any other light business. Can produce first-rate ref erences as to ability and inategrity. Address A. B., Mrs. Jeffries', library, High. street, Sydenham. ff0 DRESSMAKERS.-WANTED, immediately, fuor a first-clas trade, a really clever womaan as FIRST-HAND. She must be a good fit, a riulsk and neat worker, and base fhled a similar situation in a good house of bnsiness. To a boompetent person a liberal eat will be tiven. Apply . stating age, Walay, and references, to M%. PhMllp, Newcatle. ftaffardabire. T OWHOESALE FANCY WARSHOUSES.- TWAN'TED,bysa respetable party binthelcouniry. a PEI'MAN ENT ENUGEGMENT. i the embroidery, bugle, lace, and fancy work. Any nuner of hands can beobtained. Reapectaole references can be giies, andseurLtsy if required. Apply by letter toT. W. D., Wilson. souns, and Morgan, Chesapide, R.C. OCHOLASdTIO.-ASSISTAN MATR,Tutors, ansd Governesses in every branch of eductonae inie to apply immediately, to Mr. W. T. ALLEN, at hiis scoatcaec fie,20, K Ing William-street, Charing-cross, W.C. AGENTLEMAN, about to accompany a youn sitnn Akof rank to Paris early ini November, will be happy tUK CHIARGE of ense or two more PUPILS not under 17 years ot age. Termns £25 per month. Address W.B, carseofMessrs. WoodheadanLd Co., 1. J.mes-street, Adelphi. AUX PENSION NATS et MA-1SONS ~PARTICUALIERES.-A foreign Protestant :--ntleman, teaching perfectly French, German wrltinw, drawing, and 3musis, is desirous to obtain immedilately a SIT4ATION in town or oountry. Good references Terms moderate. Apply by letter to E. J. B. P,. General.Post-office, CHOLASTIC.-WANTED, immediately, in a jsgmali electeschool in thaecountry, TWO ASSISTANTS. One who Js pretty well versed in algebra and Euclid' the othersa French master, to weaco his own language. Address to A N., Messrs Blackiook and Ce., stationer, 118, Whitechapel High-street, stating age, and salary ex- ~~HE iNSTiTUE for GOVERNSSES (u.nder donRcNduTedNbGr.- OPKN S.D toiho thaomnobitand rentry JLa espeable Youth at an APPRETICE at Cokes and Eirbards'e, ii. Tenchtureh-etrtt, city. ]EROTOGIAPHERS.-The advertidser lIate pthoto' grapher to Messrs. Maull and Polyblauk, of Graoechurrhis-trcet, Is desirous of a RX-ENGAGEMENT in the same capacity. Addsear, poat paid, to W. R., 62. Colsohlill-6treet, Eaton-square, S.W. _JUNIOR CLERK WANTED-a clever acttve " youth. writingr a good hand, with knowledge of accounts, &o. Commentinig salary £610 per annums.-A. B., care cf Woodman, Brothers. , R,Bose and Crown-court, Finsbury, B C. CLERK.-WANTED, a, YOUNG MvAN, who has been accustomed to counting-house work. He must be acquainted with the drueg trade, and one who has lived lins wholesale drug house would be prefered. Apply by letter only. itatag salarxy requIred, to X. If., at Preaton and Sona'. 551, SmitliOeld-bsare E&. 11F USINESS MATTER.-Photo phyt expc.-nA re- photgraher,andwhois a prsenteng~edas an artist in a, photograpic nsttuton f frst ankin own wihesto change his sitenaion, preerrn8 n EGAGMEN asPHOOGAPHER and ARTIST, or anaer n aphoogrphi galer, o ina nwlyto be establisbed busiess Bespeks ermn. renh, nd nglsh.The highest tostrest, W. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ LSret,Oiod Y UNG M N who speaks Englih,Frnc, n G ermn wishes ooti a SITTUATION as VALET to a single gentlemn c an glee good references-A, Z., 65, Dean-stroe, Bobo. AG.ENTLEMAN, with a bass voice all ood musi- cal abilities, wvishes to enter into an ENGAGEMI Tin a church erehapelCtOle. for Smnday. AddreasH .S. J., care ofMrFethr No. 2, High-street. Camberwell. S. AUTIONER's ARTICLED LR AT ED, by sk cty firm, possessing a considerable, and variel ul"o Must be of good education. Premium modtrate. Addreess oL . care of Mr. Jaques, Auction Mart, city. YOUNG MAN aged 30, is desirous of tkn A CHARGE of HOASM5 going to A'U8TRALIA. Thoec understands his business, and cAn predate the best 01 referenesfr three gentlemen whom he has served. Address J. J., Harvey's, saddler. s.c., High Holborn.% IT ATION is WANTED, for a young gentle- Aman, the mur of a beneficed clergyman In Lincolnshire, with a sureo an adaet eisI year Y Of age, has; been two yemar wit a a f mnne ntorfsion, who will glee unexcepttirnabetsioalofcaatr Apply tolD. I. Post-office, Sleaford, Lincisie APPRNTIC.-WANTEfD,i Lod,a YOUT * 1 yeas ofage,i a woollnan en nda erygaabllsmsn of ungstaningaedexterielve buiesAsmlpr in AYOUNG MIAN, 23 years of age, requires EMA' PLOYRENT in a shipping or colonial house, or any business thar sntat is e desk. Security given. Only a small salary required. Also emnployment four a reepectable mnan, 48 years of age. been unfortunate In husiness. Moderate salairy required, Security. Apply to D. Humphreya. 29, Mar-ae ALEItGYM.AN wishes to obtain a CL91tK.- ASHIP or other respectable SITUATION, either at home or abroAd for a quick youth, aged 16, who Is a good wr-iter and socounitant. A respoetable hoems i rather sought for him than ttire equivalent salary. Apply to the Rev. R. B. Sanderson Bradfifeld, Itieading. A GRICULTUA STUDE.NTS.:-T he Seonior Meber of the Royal Agricultural College baa a VACANCY en hi armefor TWO PUPILS, Any sentlsesan wishing for an oi,portrinity of placig his son where he may gain a complete krnowiedge, of the eclsuice and practice of agisulture, and also the management and Improvement of landed property, will Sod the p resent a favourable epprrtunlty for his gaining suich instruction together with. tuition in literatare generally. The domestic arrangements are mest convenlest and comfortable. The highest references given Address H. T., poat olirco, Creditoni, Devon. La OUNG MAN acquainted with the making of ladies' plush and leather bass A herman preferred. Address F. St., post-oflS~, 15, Fioebury-placei, B.C. TTN Mornsieur FRANWCAIS ni connaissarnt par l Is L) laugue Aseglais. dOoar sos PLA6ER dane unea maison de commetre zl L-ondres. Counaiit la comptabilite commercial, I .o possede, one belle ecrtu-re. Ecrlre A M. Tawsin, Provence Hotel, A8,L~efcestersquare. BAD) WAITBR,-WANiTBD, a SINGLE MIAN, Li fromn 30 to 35 years of age, to fillsa highly responsible situation, whose character aknd referentes will bear the strictest investigatioon: A pply by letter only, stating all Particulars, to W. V., Bebbington's, 126,. Strand. G IROUND RENTS and QUARTERFLY RENTS kXCOLLECSPED. at 29 per cent, commisesion, by a gentleman havinig a number of his own and can devote the whale of his time to collecting. Unexceptlcuable references given. Address to J. Brunnlusg, 15, Grcevenor-etreet, Camberwell. EBA.-Wanted, Midshipmen.-TW cpcs K_3YOUTHS WANTED in a Srst-ols lpe tae,adFu in a firt-class Indianman. Vor amountofpeimadthratclar apl t , Bottomiley, shipbre,62 rchuc-tst B.C. .H Aprentces also Wanted. QEA.-MIDSHIPMEN WANTE~D, ~for splendid J,l steam and sailig ships for Australia and India. Premium mcoerat fo a oyae o tem. pprnties lsowaned;premifum £10 to £22,wage in ropotion Appy toW. Stherand,11, St. Benel- G~E A.-IDSHiPMN WANTD, for a firstclas pasener hip PreIum86 uinas,for three or four Sear. T elep nd ess par frm te cew.Also Two Appruntltt, a 15guieas Aply o C Heron oufiter,131, Lweadehall. A.~F ~awbrn and Co.. shipbrokers, 132, Leadnsst,et have thefollowing VAC NCIES r-Two ildslp. men for sfu1l-rigged steamer, three fors afie mierohantman ; premium moderate, Can be Paid by instalments. Peur Itrst-clas Apprentloes., to live a,part frmmthe crew;_premium 25 guineas. £30 retumnedsaswages durin the tons years, References given to the friends of 61 youtha supp ed this Peesnt yearwith sutable ships andkkind inptainS. GNOCIETY `of SWIS~SCOURIERS and T'RAVEL. ClLING SERVAN'TS beg to inorm the nobility and gentry that this Society is comPOsed only of the most experienced and respectable Swiss courierg and travelling servants, possessing the highest recommendations in England andL abroad, having extensive knowledge of the continent and the Principl ls,1sguages.-Agent, Henry Massey. sintioner, 103, Park-street. Grosvenor-equase. MEDiCAL POFESSION.gentlemng,maried, AVE..Iyeae ofAge, well con deste,ands possen the! doublhe quelview o formig aPatnrhip AddressI toe arm. B.pl, byletter,r8, se and xperence to , Whte, Alde ott. TO TAILORS' CUTER S.-WANTED, an ex. T. erlenced MAN. Apply to Or. Storys 62, Fleet-street. 0'~ TAILORS' ASSISTNT,W TE era Tkexperlenced SALESMEN. Apply to D. Hyam, SO. Cannon-street wet.S FPO DRIVE aBKOUGI{AM.-WANTED, a smart, A. active LAD, accustomed to L-ondon, toatn oa Hos ane Broughan, aud watt at t%ble. Apply, betore 11, to A, Ebswortb, Eiq., surgean. 11. Trinitystreet, Southwark. tj 0 OKIGJEWXL~LERS~wA.NTED a PPLodentist, a o-ngmani,of respect,blo apsearane. an1 whose character will bear the Etrictest Investigation. Aadress, box 271 p-st-offlce, Bradford, Yorkshire, r0o B3AKRS.-WANTED a FOREMAN, wno T is folly mnaser of his business. and has had the maiiiazemest in ssue of the beet houses In the trade. Apply personaUly at 79. Sr. Ic.stbn's-laue, betwveen the hours of 10 &and 12 o'ceocec To WHOLESALE STAI ai ad others.-_ T wANED bS the adve who has been established In busdusessoerea" u a esr uigteb of 10 and 4, an APPOINTEO sCLLCO.Scriyt n mnus and first. ciase references, Addrs..305.Pb°, is. Portman.piace.,Maida-hill W. etbeeh ilotaln n biepla l~rns rom onh designs, TObrnspcmnoften. tMrBrn,2, Ludgate-3treet, r-tO LANDE P R O A prticaL I. farmer, who has lately relinquised a large ozonr,ation, Is destrena of undertaking the MANAGEII7N(T of a PARKd for any nobleman or gentleman, in England or Irelnd. References given, lal seourity if required. Address). D , Dost-office, Exeter. EUO HOSIERS and SHIRTMAERS-A rcspect IToable woman of mlany lears' experenoee and wbo thoroughly ubderstauds shIrt and collar cuttingr. wishes ~for a SITUATION 55a OUTTER OUT, and to Superintend a Workebop. Tour years' good character. Apply to W. EL. 103, Cheapslde. B.C. m-o MANJFACT1RRRS &c.-The advertiser, who iL s well acquainted with the .616olesle and shIDippig houses in M,anchester, Is open to an ENGAGEMIRNTwi1tb a first-clams London, manufacturing house, on ceomlesalon or otherwise. Undeniable references Addr-exs K. S., cae of 73, Market-street, Manchester. qr( JEWELLERS and WATCHMIAKERS.- .11, WAFTED, a young man, as an ASSISTet~ In the abore bualores, He muaba cinpectable man,tand wlaeo as vanl t^oq cttorresponilr'cter will ho required. Apply by lstter, pre-pa~I, to J. H. G., post- office, Cardiff.ted wh rlli)~ ~ s ofRNT an BP-EDINS- 0 rojlwS,tre C in re S e te a =: rma TOlATINERSr andGUISTANTS.WANTE a house In Edinbur HAe who ansteda nevl ei Iem aw lntedty Addrem .Z. 7 t unteoro aanc statoe shop, andhogalso canQwork as' veTLmnD LER As be wouldhe threqule taught onte premise andu thae aeer dofempo uonee toA inonaer aeremium areqrenAuiredB C, Applnby ette pt-o it,B.,, B ewrchi-roade.ciy TO BOOKELLERS- E an PUBLISHERS -A the PAbENTesse, n ous IKoa ONA--oA0-i tow ozsenr.S Heasee three yeas InPternoster-ro, ansd1 nwoina firstcas houshezi EdPInbrh He hanffc gbood buswines habits withpo e-tsrtyo larnd ntgarit.ddessoY.Z..27.hatenoster-r3gbow.ein, A s u n S ylo r, a n d * e state a g e nt, n e er H yd e-p ark, R eQ l-e d i Addres B. ., Simons' poe-offie, Edewadrroad 'HIJT iA1EIVESan TE USRD IJAN S. -CA gfoayot asPPI hnnoffc where hea wilohae thanoppr tniye of exearingoa prfsion,g mlegchanicyalnraing, bookkeepin, and general businDes, habisclr,dPregitm moderaie, Applybylettr onlyt ArorsrofiMr. permand ero.7. leeti-os At . raaet. te PoENde Se and H e RDIrANt . AdreA Y tATN,o gdNstTXEs , and edaio 7isRQRDi pand tuv bei in Stforsi Onypicpl or theIr attoneys Daucioersoc, of xtesive general praic. A Msmas preIum re-led, andy,toF Refrece epcangedo, Address l Ba.C. 0 oe-ter Inen. s v t r ta~Wle 'i PAREN.TS and GU LDIANS.-A Ve ACANECY r~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~r tnhe cate yotha an ePRNIE eeecsecagd dret. Mr.pl, 0.Dai. 13 vrfedpae aco-qae t Le nonad-oe veae aW.-A gent , dho baera ean r ta 1 cent. yas'd exeiencet In algoohfie ncnesuig hney esnrace u busin eess,a cleit esrstyoti.B P o sxpI simila capaity, ar cnenypsti,on whreehal trustorh on' tsfenntiai, ps-on s rquied,perand enrtlyoa othr%iwis. g for salyary. mod Busesil-sireet, slictor BlrooBcdsoruryl DARTNER WANTE,wt £710 ,000 oary u pa reg.s A. wich ill nsur verylieral ptroit,inand immcroatingalmaurder lurig buluce in tad-stir,Oll porincaipals For pathiclrs atdtorny needappl, toF. R, pst-ofie,nBrm' finghor am et.77.lets! ~~.RTERSH1P.WANTEDa PARNERD, wisnt hodp oiry,rvnt a eletbihdadlurtv um ;nI her north-veet dstcurict ofe nga d atclr pl toeM essr Edwrd, rakih, ndGalad,11,Ne Plae-ar, onmotag,w. 5 DARTNERSHIP.~~WANTED arPArTinER, O inteis esalsmn,frteproeA xedn h uies On - wh-~ oro 92ts St, .. Hours ti lln ,ony 'cr anapocuargd ANW PE oeoL.theprhsr fo quiste. ddre s X.W, est-nd radin ro rsn, 7 0, ryStrand , Lo do . rearing dmand, whrein theprofits ill neeoels hn5 er G,areehureh.etreetre city.rit, a th NJ! ORTGAGES -£3,000, £4,000 7,000 Jae Krk. bomasB. But, Rq., slicior,Eat Griovnt etn Palme. Ee, Mtre-ery-Schmberst, Te pleacer ment prteced,Publo £cu 00,e ogto carrnd ar~s alurayrcit v e acm t a coleteand-tjfo e cbapit al.n rpadlrsadt ral rn a so u of inealterest,uo. reod ophl,adlae hol prpery, evesion t mosyin etae the fud,RiECetts,adOtVERY verios urhaed A pl bylete t M , awsnEY,, sO Bltor, 3 Falro.coD. JOHNet-shiseet, C. 6 Ao OPLNE tohe aTaysusnmortgauge,. £150 toMousyan fundsorOhrtgIl secuitis,daso rithpoiceo ADVANCED, by M d ~i'.W . Lunoore ins-an. hree-cos, Inal cvnt-ardeOn on ploateo, eoirby, nldog at muhA~Nwsre for lat, joellry,an diamonds,te, 57 .LVA.scchatc.-.Evsrydescrption of ls attended Pintow o HASE], andpaid or ineach n delvery.A,udvance mader againest Mary-axe, E,C. ~n, G man, solicItor, 3, CaInnn.stOPEt,ecity. TO PERSONS in DEBT,-MI.daRSHLL ofd i A. O,Ilttn-esfensoicioran atoreyofth Isfolvn Debtore Cour, ObainsimmeiatePROTCTI Nofiperson ) andpoet wtrobe embarassd, nd cnduis teirhosiesstroug 1 ttheCor witont om THE ENGLISH and AMERICA~10SN aGndCY.-Se - aIVt u1.V -' DEALER anld-others_-Tob(s KURDMXPSED OF, by Private Contract, avlua ble COLLECTION igof aZup rb s TFs olete uring the late war, consinttogof sper srine in Wood and colonra, glassq, narved ;and gilt, various models of canoes,tepe,&,Inwoadbrm,evd and iltchets,marle mages Of Godemar, bells, musical itru,ti -ments, &c- Apply to Mr. KiriEman, 3, Cannon-airest, city, and Black- beath, Rent. 1TE -MANCH-ESTE-R ~FIN E ~ARTREXHIBIT I ON, P T eoiosadOUoostoko Art -Oceitlemen wishlug to add to their collections, wifll find, by an_inosPetlon of the steer of AMessrs. LITCfHFIRL.r and RAD)CLsa, socegroodaudrare epecimeus of SEVRES and DRtESDEN PoRcEL&INE ?ajolico, Limoges enamels. Venetian glassg, and a matchlIess collection of old Vienna china plater, collected by Mr. Litchnold in his recent travels In Germnany, Italy, and other continentga eties.1 Msr.Lthil n Badctylce beg also to call attention to theitr' Mexens ivsteck oldbund and maxequeterle cabinets, tables do,, bronzes,E exestatuary, mar blfiures and other decorallveobjectul anw. sr~ taor .tuaynrbeet MIMPRAN oCOLCORS of ANTIQUES A. ad DECORATIVE OBJECT.-1u consequence of the leaseOx. piring at Cbriatmaa, the Truslee Of the late Mfr. Wollatt, 28, Wardour-street, Soho1,Lonldon, wishing to avoid a sae by aurtion ar determined to SEL, th whol1e Of the STOCK, a&t a very great reduction. It consists of cabinets, tables, and other objects in buhi sand marqusberie, agru of fli ures and vases ~n bronze, statuiary marble figures, MMre. Dresden3, and oriental China, atalned.lass windows, and a variety of other objects, also a small and choice collectioni of ancient panig.It being absolutely necessary to sel the stock prior to Crsmsnext, every article has teen considemblyrdudInPie The whole are marked In pilafingodinprce A DELPH~~I PICTR GALR Nt of A R1jemo,al.-J DINGLEY begs to notif totenblt n etry his REMOVAL from ,Calte sie gallery, 404, Stran,(ert tt q et h eotnview a collection of2,0panig(mnoftehsescharrio the various old and mdmshos hc ilb seienl tempting prioes, anid temsesgaate.Alresoko vd gilt, and other frames laig iig etrn tm-cats artists and wrmn n egligb YOUNG GENTCLEMEN's WINTE R AMUSE. YMENTS.-Mdr. CHEEK repeetulLyeaUsatte1ntono hisSTOCK of BOXING GLOVES, baskets and tticks for elugleetick plxy German fencing foils, masks, gauntlete and Waistcoats. A libesal alowance to professors and large establishmentse taingaqatity. New cataogues of prices gratis,-.ohn Cheek. 132 C,Oxfordetreet, W . ATENT BENZOLE, for ~artit an b ora ~EA SIDa Deal.-To be LET, Furnished, a large II HOIJSFU fatnhe sea. Winter maonths 15!. per week. Addrees 0. U.. Po"tofic,DeaL. L"URNSHEDRESIENCE ittthe county o1 12 ork loe Lt',by teyear, or tewhl property (312 acree) t., be olO Aplyto r.Walmaley, Bansea,Cslnt, Cork. Palmeore anr OL).Apply to oesdenoesa at Kew i5eesOld All. so, cott%ice LADY, occupying a smail VILLA,innds-ul A oality, wtebes to meet with a gentlew~oman to ShARe Itithul heKotocuyaItPart of it. Apply by letter, 'with name and address, to E~ . Re., lirary Westbourne-plare. 12Avenue-road,SheIpherd's-bush, toboLET or SOLD. Full part.eu lars can be obtaned by inquiry of G. Somers Ciark., &s-., Burking. bam-chambers, Adelphi. SHOPS.-Me&ssrs Ki and Welch are instruct-ed ta LET, THREE well-fied nel-mc ed S&ol In the bait Part Of the Hornsy-od et,£5ad£5 ot odnaec office, Opposts Camden-radaderiwage oy _"OTEL._.To b IT the RUTAND ARS HLJ HOTEL, end PoAlg- oeat Newmsarkret. togethur witha tarm of 28hrN udr teDk fRtat p) to the proprIetor Mr. W, D. Boyce, ewarket, Cambri Igeshire. DEN4T £26.-A capital eiht-roomed HOUSE to be RI LET, In the neighbourhood ol Notting-hill, at this very, molerate rent, Apply on else premisea, 12, Queen's-road, Norlaud-sqnarss, Netting-hil UNIHiDRHOUSE tobeLT,f12om, ~ Furnshed,No. 2,Eari'-terraices Kensing. &c,Holandpar infrn;,andlare peasregrounods in toe rear. H IOUSE and SHOP to be LET, well adapte o milliner's, bosler'e, Berlin wool, or any fanybuiesorohwise. Siltuate In the principal thoroughfare laInfrnBegvi to Belarave south,b n 4 per annum. Apyt ,Hos 5 Churton-etret, PiMliOD. fBSERVE this BARGAIN,.--_P120 year, for 550 0 guineae.-In the city, well-bauit SHOPS and HIOUSES, never emopty, realizing; £150 ayearclear of the groiundrent, Lease 160years. Sewer drainage. Apply lsmmediately from IS til 4, at Mr. Ccx's, 5, Barbican, city. QTABLES and WAREHOUSE, in Great Queen.I K3street. Lease nearly sir years to run. Rent;£14. A contrac which willnearly rover the rent Included, PrIce£0;;or maybhe o!d without the coDntract. A&p.y to Mr. W. P. Hammond, auctioneer, 3, Carey-treet, Linooln's. , WO.C EEOLD LAND to be SOLD, two pos 20 by FR B feHet bac 5 feel5 law cost included, for ;el8leaca, together or separate, WA mhadke. ad tax redleemed ; tithe free : 100 yards from railway ctto; o onnectedL with sany society. Apply, perreonally to Mr. Mvery, 6, rinsbury.place soutth, URNISOED HOUS o eLEiGertin yonsstting of two sitting ldgxbdrosade cou-hose,anstable. For six or 12 RotL Pent moderate. Apply by letter for further partculars to W. AL., 3, Philpot-lane, Renchurch-street, URNIHEDHOUSE to be LET: Furniture to F be old.Wynnand Co. hakve to LET, a handsome HOsUdE, in temain road. Omnibuses pass the door every three minutes. i!he elegant Furniture at a atven Price or at a valuation. Cards to view fomm 2 to 4. Apply at?7. Sny stret, City-road. near New Churcb. J4EDICAL 'JO~IE for SAiLE,on aSdvaa- ALtageoua terms, situLate 35 miles from London. RLeceipts £150. Plremium ON0 man y remain for 12 or 15 months. Direct jMedjcjs, post-officee, H2al1 M 8u.x ~IjANUFACTURING PREME.T0bLT ALor SOLD, fist-clas PREMISES, neair Wo-tet y e cently built and contain 28 ag,lgt n ofywreoeo ae houses, nd a large paved yadtehoencoeadcmpc.Ty Wil aelt together or sepuaraey pl oIf.Lws 2,Cepe EWYBILT cmoiu onrBSNS N~PEMISES3-B, in an oldetalsed neighbourhod at the west end, to be LE.T, on LEASE, at a moderate, rent. xio premiutm reqiuired. For partica3rra apply to Mr. Houiingworth, auctIoneer, 13, High Holborn. UHOTL to be LET, situat ntems mrvn AL paTrt of the city. do!ng a first-rate trade, adeteatr esn wil he given for the Present proprietor learin.Areetolpay will find It an Opportunity that seidom offers. Frpriuasapyt Air. Gardiner, auctioDcer, &c., 17, Hatton-garden. LJ1TATIONERY and PRINTING.-~.Hatcht is K3 structed to flLL aTRAkDEin the above line, sItuate in the West Of England. Rent very low. SO oppositionL in the pines. Cominkg in aout£800 Pat otpurhasemony ma re ai onsecurity. Apply o M. Htab trde alur, , Captr-cambrs,P.Latrnoeter-row. BAKE'S BSINES t be YISPSEDOF, on ~~~OACCOand IGARBUSINESS for DISTPOBOSAL, situate In one of the great enud commanding thorough. fares of London, doing an exo-Ileat retail business. ILoweet price ftor the entire business £e90. Rent 21a. per week, including all taxes, with shbop. parlour, kitchen, and pantry. Possession may be had Immediately. Apply at the Suffol Coffeehouse. Old Bailey. URNISHED HUSJB.-A gentleman, having noa Fuuse for bHishoDurzefor 12 months, sdes couonst1LETTINGqttoa two northx of the Btank, sod centAins four sitting and Idx bed rooms. and La ffulctantiaUy and eleganly furnished, ror partIculars aLPply to Mesrs Davies anadVgere Yeelkspae Old Jewry. A NET INCOM of 280 a year ariing from A THIRTTY-FUOURHOU"SES, part weekly auY pu quarterly, to be SOLD for £1,900. An arragement may be made for a good Portion of the Purchase money to stand over. Farther particulars b' applyIng, on Thuredays and Frldaya only, at 5, Richmond-terraoe, iQondorod, S3outhwarlr. ¶ O St e LT inacm adn tato,and and l Imrovingt neslghfourtheod Eboce.e Ipoesfrete statirontr bo sop.naker, grocer, orfdrper Rent £6bee nnm pl on10 thepremshost,tBedford-terrsqace,ivr-tet RatmKnintn Furthern artIcunabre offer. w beoretrofuse,d oditpae.Rdig A BA-RGAIN forSINESS GREMIENGROCleRy, FfrdItrorsd, aendCa puSkNTS ba LasT, bron L End goo cart, wih latess safrontohpnt, dwelligMost feI c an beletoirtollgtre Ao3ply tion of Mr.1Hills, confectioner. Most dee?ablyBsituate forany kind of teade. Facing the park. Foy particulas and cards to vIewapply at 'Briantes.auction ad house agencyoffices-,Kenninglo-park. RREWERY t be LET r SOLD, ith aiix-quarter Al pant fitedup ith tea poer ponthe newest end must ap- whsre.-Mr. Thmas Harris, c couiaingofthre iticgroms,i th reex gcrdn &. Te aoveis situate at 13attersea-part,within Orveminutes' wal d tea-bet per.Possesson can be had forthwith. and there is ver acomodaio fo afamil. Address Y.Z., Mr. Chas. Hardy. ACOTTAGE ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~to be LET, Furnished,frsi u n, scituLate at Teddlugton, near the TwickenhaM Stationl On the Bouth-Westem RJilway. It contains two sitting rooms, thrce bed rooms snd dressing room, gooa kitohen and tculery, chaise-house stable, and garden. It would be let on mo-derate terms to a lady san gentleraan without children or to oneo or two ladies. Address IL. Z., S.St. Benet-plaws, Oracechaseb-etreet, CHOLASTIO.-PREMIE,ietcneinl l.C adapted either for a lales'o young gentlemnen's establishment, to be let atlthe lowrent of £SL00per aunurn. Theraeu a14bed rooms and bath room, two dining rooms, drawing room, large school room, and very excellent seirasnta' offices. Apply on the premise, 37. Nor'land-square, end to MIr. Richardson, wins merchant, Union-terrace, Nottingh tIL PREWERY.-To be DISPOE OF, in conseB&, qeluceocf the death of the propieoraconvenient and wellarran3gedthree-quarter PLANT, with wer andlqocperatan, now fulla' working order, doing a good and proial aiytae The situation toaIn a leading thoroughfare withib he ilsnrho the tlty. and surrounded by hi hly respectableamls. plyb letter or pemsnally, to Meser. 6enxry and Ca.Iotfx 5 he lane, C ODA-WATER BUSINESS, producing a net income )s otf£400 per annnsm.-Mr. PeterBroeed i Is nstructed to SELL, by Private Contract, an old-established BUSINESS In the above lI ne having a first-class ooneion attached, and where the wine and spin1i trade could be advantageouaLy combined, The premises are very commodious, admirably situate, In a pouous town, about 00 miles from London, and held at a low rental. The pulrchase mousy for the whole wilb but £1.000. hut a portion may remain on approved security, PrincIpasmay obtain orders to view of Mr. Peter Broad, 28, Poultry. Modrn AMLY HOUSE. Ugr,er tornsey-ise A TD beLET, avery superior bnalt HOU 'In an elevated sItuation, commanding lbs meet beautiful semnery of the Essx and Kent Hills, the river, and overlooking London, The house has been built withouLtUlimt to cost. and contains seven bed rooms and a dressing room,1 drawing room, dining room, moraing room, kitcheons watercicets,and allrequisIteoffices; withlarge walled gardens. Rent £100 per snnum, Or the Ieasotlobe Sold. ThercrembsLraarefrPeeof landtaq and tithes; are well supplie-d Nerw Biver Waler; the Imaperial Companys refined gas is laid on. Omnibuses run to all Darte of the metropOlis ever 15 minutes. Stabluzg and maceb-house may be had if reu1pred.ornfrteyr p. articulars PDly to MIr. Hawkea, builder, Lo dge, SQNELL and Co. are honoured with ins-tructions to , LET for a term of three years, a magnificent MANSIOIN, elegantiy Yurulshed, with the right of shooting over 4,560 acres and Ij mile of excellent trout fishing, situate about 60 miles from Lonidon, reated in a finely timbered deer park, having a private elation en the estate, and within five miles of a first-class satIon on one of the coutbern countIes, The mansionx is replete with every accmmodation for a large etstblishmnent, having numerous bed and dresmring roDT s, and noble reception rooms, billiard room, all requisite attached and detaobed offiEs aquet court, stabling for mere than 20 horses, and ex te,n.lve and well cropped gardens.Th. re are two packs 01 hounids in the neighbourhood within easy distance, Por particulars and cards to view (without which the property cannot be seen) apply to Messrs Suell Sod Co., upholders nan estate agents, 27 a. Albemamre-troob W AMost desirabl and valuable LANDED ESTATE, coonsisting of upwards of 1,200 acres of first-class Loud, with three Manosa-The REVERSXON of the above PROPERTY to be bona fide DISPOSED OF, for a present annuity for the life of a person, upwards 56 years of age, after the rate of S par centuma per annuim onL the vamount of a fair moderate valuation of the fee simple, deducting incumbrances Thus is offered an opportunity of obtaining a considerable landed property, (posessng advautwa, both sas ropeeta locality and qualityOf lend,which words carmotdosscribo,l byauassurance upon a single life more than 1 per cent, untder what any of the first-class insuanceoffies will accept, Applications, which wcl be dealt witha according to priority, containing unae and address tu be sent to Delta, care of Win. Dawson and Sane, advertIsng agents, 74, Canno-tet ity, Lonzdon, R,C., under cover for HEfrbert Jones. Ema,, 1ATER and $TEAM FLOUR MILLS, and 20 VYaCreOf Lond.-To be LE.T, with immedilate pseio,those newlyerected FLOUR StILLS known as Coombo ileupon the Evenlode, ln the parish of Coombe, and county of Oxford consisting of Water mil containing three pair of stones, Dearl harley mill, and dresring machine. Steam miUl attached, containing three pair ot stones, dressing machine, smut ditto elevators for both lr o and four, driven by 12-horse power engine, all In firstrate working order Ont- uildings econdst of stable, cart hoTel, pig etyes. and poultry-houe. D elling-house beautifully situate, on the banks of the river, contatia ing on the ground floor, fonr roomc, kitchen, and pantry; second floor four raoms, good kitchlen: garden attached, The loud attached constets of 10 acesf good meoado and 10 atces of arableo The Oxford, Worc eserand eeWobirhampton yalway cmruns tworanges the groc-und: and the Hanabro 8S3tton Is w oithiniSminute' watlkt ofithe myit,o Jurther b aticularsrapp l to Mr. bySin, steward's offaco,yBlenheim Palace, WoodstooL-, Oxen. wd I a lo S I D c MANUFaCTURINGt PIHjo ATn oonta on the Lea-gut, wbmehonse.-To be fOLD, or Let on Lease, extensive FRIEIIHOLD MANUFACTUINBlG PRE:bISE3, on the Lea-cut, at Limehouse, a few paces trom the raiway station, ith or ws thout the plant and machinery now fdted on the premises for the manufacture of sugar of lead and acetic ad. The premises, wahoh have bend rcsatedbutad afe yearn, coproisabe tworangeseee of bric-bun. ond-foorfactorIes h ith Iron roofs, tpkledinght edwith skyolightis each building measuring 135 feet by 3fi feet:n a brick -built factor communicating, consisting of onec lofty ground story. 60 feet long by 25 feet ide' Nat ty quaretbnUot cfimney-shaft, a yard with fpve-ton crane; a dwellhng-house for manager containing seven rooms, and oottage adsdtaed, u lt, four-stlstable, with rottare ,djolng. and large yard eccloeed. The total frontage next the towing-path ot the canal is about 120 feet. and the extreme depth of the premise lshedu 2il feet. There Is an abundant supply of 3ater fnrom a fue desp wall sunk on the premises, The plant Is able ot producing about 10 tone of sugar e. lead wveekly, in addition to acetic acid (wvhich is made for sale and consumption), and a very prodinble trade bce been carried on, T£he purchaser wfll habve the option ot taking the plant, or any portion of It, at a valuation. For further partimalors auppl to Mlesr Puller sod Hmwsey, Billter.et. P;C. lIjESSRS. COLLS and Co., builders, Camberwell, ALbeg to lnftonm their patrons In the cityv and the public generaily that they have OPENED PREMISElS No. 22, Mloorgate-street, RO, and are prepared ha give estilmatea and execute any builidng or repair tag works wiith wvhich they may l.e favoured In the meet perfect and expeditious manner,
MO.N1VBY-MA RB&Tand CITY INTELLIGBNCB. Friday Evecing. The funds opened steadily to-day at the firm prices of last evening and subsequently experienced another advance. 6onsols for money were first quoted 88i to ', and, after somre minor fluctuations, they touched 89. From this there was only a slight reaction, the closing operations being at 8S9 for money and 89 for the 10th of November. There was rather more demand for loans on Government securities, and the rate was from fi to 5i per cent. Bank Stock, which was quoted yesterday 211k to to 213, experienced a fall, the last price being 207 to 210; but it was attributed simply to 10,0001. stock having been offered, of which 5,0001. was taken at 210, the limited character of the market causing difficulty in all but small operations. Reduced left off at 87i to 88h; New Three per Cents., 88 to i; India Stock, 208 to 211; India Bonds, 35s. to 2cs. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to lOs. discount. In foreign stocks business has been limited, but the market shows no sign of weakness. The transactions marked in the official list were in Mexican, for the account, at 19j and i; Peruvian Four-anda-Half-per Cents., for the account, 77; Sardinian, for the account, 89i and A ; Spanish New Deferred, for the account, 25k ; Turkish Six per Cents., 871; for the account, 88 and 87 ; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 977 ; and for the account, 97a; French Three per Cents., 67; and Dutch Four per Cent. Certificates, 97i. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rate upon Eamburg was rather lower, but other places were about the same as last post. The corn-market was heavy this morning at: a further decline of Is. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows continued dulness and a decline of id. per lb., with a heavy appearance at the close. The final prices of thelFrench Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening were 66f. 80c. for money and 66f. 90c. for the end of the month, showing a recovery of an eighth. The rate of discount at Hamburg has declined to 8i per cent. There were no gold withdrawals from the Bank to-day, but it was understood about 110,000 sovereigns would be taken at Liverpool for shipment to New York by the Canada. With the other amounts previously provided it seems probable, therefore, that the sum to be despatched by that packet will not fall short of the anticipated total of 200,0001. It appears that the Canada will take out tenders for 400,0001. 8 per cent, bonds to be issued by the Michigan Central Railway for the e;xtinction of the portion of their floating debt falling due before August, 18e8. The instalments will consist of 10 per cent. on the ]4th of next month, 15 per cent. on the 1st of January, and three of 25 per cent. at succeeding intervals of two months. By the last advices from Australia we have the report of the coimmittee appointed by the Legislature of Victoria to investigate the principles on which the railway works of that colony should be carried out. The point to excite attention on this side is that it appears to contemplate the raising of funds inEngland tothe ultimate extent of 6,000,0001. by six per cent. debentures of 1001. each, for which the most "eminent loan houses are to be invited to tender." With the rate of discount at 8 per cent., and a strong probability that the Government at Calcutta will in its financial incapacity instantly seize any encouragement given to it to apply for an imperial guarantee on a London loan of 10,000,0001. this addition to our prospects is important. The report has yet to be sanctioned by the Assembly, but it may be assumed it will meet approval, and that, at all events, the borrowing part is less likely than any other to undergo modifications. With regard to the general plans of construction the leading recommendations of the committee are that the chief object should be the connecting of the principal interior towns wvith the seaports, that two main trunk lines of double track should accordingly be commenced, one from Melbourne to Sanclhurst, with a branch to Castlemaine, eventuallyto be extendedtotheMurray, and the other from Geelong to Ballarat, and that tenders should be invited in three modes simultaneously-first, for both lines in their whole length; second, for each line in its wholo length; and, third, for each line in sections-the works in any case to be completed in four years from the 1st of January, 1858. It is stated that the failure of Cyrus pield and Co. at New York has occasioned the suspension of the respectable firm of Laurence, Murray, and Ing,ate, of that city, and that their draughts on the resident partner in London were yesterday returned unpaid. It is entirely a commission house. Their engagements are small, and it was expected the stoppage would be temporary. In the colonial produce-markets there has again been general dulness, the further movement by the Bank and the gloomy accounts from America tending to check the partial revival perceptible at the close of last week. The demand for sugar is still dull and unsettled, most of the sales being at a reduction of fully Is., excepting for fine crystalized descriptions, which are still rather scarce. At today's sales the heaviness increased, and holders must have accepted a decline of several shillings to induce the trade to make purchases to any extent. Plantation Ceylon coffee has receded 4s. to 5s., importers manifesting a strong disposition to press sales. There is yet a heavy supply of the recent imports not disposed of, while the prospects of the crops, according to the latest accounts, continue most promising. The tea-market is without recovery from the depression of the past fortnight. New season's growth is arriving, but is not sought after by the trade at the pricesl required. Of common congoui there are buyers at Is. Od. cash. Rice is quoted 3d. to 6d. lower, the excessive stock checking the late tendency to speculation. In spice the transactions have been upon terms more favourablo to the buyers, the public sales being large. White and black pepper are both id. cheaper. Cloves, nutmegs, and mace also show) a decline. About 1,800 bales of Ceylon cinnamon will be submitted at fthe quarterly sales on Monday. Business in saltpetre has been confined to a few parcels, partly ion speculators' account, the marketiclosing fully 2s. ilower this afternoon. The quarterly indigo sales were brought to a conclusion on Tuesday, and all k-inds were quoted lower, with increased anxiety on the part of holders to realize. Still Bengals ranged from is. 3d. to 2s. ; Kurpahs, Is. 3d. to Is. Od. and Madras, Od. to Od. higher than at the July series. Some rather large additional policies of insurance on specie to India by the next mail were opened at Lloyd's to-day, but whether they wiU be actei upon WiU doubtless depend on the telegraphic advices now daily expected. At a meeting to-day of the Huiltsdorf (Ceylon) Mills Company the profits for the year ending the 30th of June were stated at 7,0871., ont of which a dividend was declared of 10 per cent. free of incometax, leaving 3,5001. for a reserve fund and 9951. to be carried forward. The operations of the company have been restricted by the want of additional machinery, to supply whieh calls will be rnade at a suitable period. At theCourt of Bankruptcy to-day, in the ease of Messrs. Smith, Hilder, Smith, and Scrivens, proprietors of the Hastings Old Bank, the debts were shown to be 149,5591., and upon which a dividend of 10s. in the pound will be shortly declared. In the event of some settlements of property by Mr. Hilder, to the amount of about 10,0001., being set aside a further dividend of 5s. in the pound is con- hdently expected. Mr. Francis Smith and Mr. Scrivens passed their exatmination, and ani adjournment was ordered in the eases of Mr. Tilden Smith and Mr. Hilder. The separate estate of Mr. Scrivens shows a surplus of 5,0001. as carried to the joint estate. Tho North British Australasian Company have notified that they are now incorporated under the Lissted Liability Act, and that new certificates will be issued to the shareholders. The following on the London market for Anmerican securities is from a circular of Mr. E. F. Satterthwaite:- " Notwithstanding the very disastrous character of the advices from America, being the worst yet received, there has been a disposition to invest at the low rates now carrent. The supply of stock is limited from the non-execution of many orders in New York, owing to the inability of parties there to negotiate exchange for the purchases of stock. For this reason prices here are maintained at an innmense advance over the current quotations in Now York. "Illnois Central shares are done at 5 discount, and are reported 22.', discount by telegraph from Now York. Construction Bonds have found free buyers, at 76 to 77, being consderably higher than the last quotations. Erie shares have brought 19, aginst 10 at Nerw York. Bonds of 1871 have brought 40, against 22 ,at e vw ork. Bonds of 1883, 64, agn8t 53 to 60 at New York. NXew Yorlk Central shres 64, agaInst 57 at New York. "Tne following quotations are 4s, 6d. to the dollu 'United Stotes, 1868... , 104. Virginia 5 per cent. sterling ... 83 ... 85 Ditto 6per cent. dollar ... ... 81... 83 A meeting wan held this afternoon of creditors of Messrs. Ross, Mitchell, and Co., Canadian mer. chants, whose suspension was announced on the 13th inst., when the following statement, prepared by Mr. Chatteris, the accountant, was presented :-_ Statement of the affairs of Ross MitchelL and Co., fi London on October 13, 1857,sand in Toronto a3 on ja-lnar 31, 1857 DR. To creditonS in Great Brit8in uusecured 101,267 To ditto ditto for Adraces son acep- tances 9,1 To ditto ditto holding acceptances in favour of the Toronto IOUZe . . 23,703 0 To dlttoditto holdingseouritP .. 0.52217 a Le. sumated value of securities 9,250 0 0 8turlclucarried to contra.. .. £1,727 2 3 To ditto ditto Lartlay swecured 3,97317 0 Len estitod nilue of securities 2,400 0 0 1,b73 17 Total creditors In Great Britain £222o 5 2 To ditto ditto In CNnda on open arooonts .41,71 3 9 To dittoditto hillspsyable ., . 23,38 14 5 To ditto ditto for ad- vance9.. £60,16 5 9 Le curities hold .. 13,60S 0 0 660 6 9 Totalcreditors inoa ... n . -12.270 51 Total creditors .. .. £340,41 To blaUity uponacceDtanceswhich aue expected to be proved upon this estate .41,790 12 10 To ditto upon socep- tanoes which should, and It Is believed will, be met by the drawers .. .. £22.837 le 11 To ditto upon bills re- oleable under dis. Count. 106,778 16 4 Out o whlrich It Is ex- pected then will be clinoedofthiseestate £14,3°4 5 9 Les cah in ithe hands of bil holders .. 333 11 6 14,C60 1 3 Total provable liabilities .. - I£55,5l 7 1 Total claims on the estate ,£396,28217 3 urplus .71290 1211 £453,673 10; By frot-old PropertY th Rbenfresl aud Casse, t in Canada, cost .. . . . . .. I£12,300 0 0 have acad fo unpao d basanoe of vuri ce s mote y , .. 4000 0 0 tat, h ByrdittoopremoestnTorontoe,ebuar Lted at £ 0 P .t .£156,480 0 0 Mortgaged for . 0 0 0 -- 2,4s) By surpIrlus ecrites in the hands of creditors .. M 2 BY 105 bonds of £100 eacb of the Ontario and imecoe RaUway,estumated to be of the slueot .o.f . . 7,675 0 By Canadilan debtors Who remit direct to the London house 25,622 3 By debt due from J. Itoe and Co., zMelhurne.. 38,673 10 By stock of goods not ret shipped . . 6,340 13 By bUis reoeIvable on hand 1 .. . t2,s Bycsh in hand .120 0 By office turniture. . 117 18 By debte due to Toronto house, couaidered good 215,596 13 8 Doubttul . s2,08 9 4 jtiUmated to realize 34,622 7 By sock of merchaRdise . . 27,69 IS By goods sipped to Toronto since the let ot February In excem of remittances . . 23,133 6 By hills receivable, good . .5 2,30 6 By ditto, doubtful.2 3 .. ,63 17 5 Estimated to realize . .- 17.603 3 By cagh in hand. 4,396 1 By deb's not at present available, but for which securi- tiesareheld. . 56,7 13 By Bos, Mitchell, and Co.'s Interest in grocery store at Toroato. . 7.200 0 £43573 10: By this statement a credit balance appears of 57,2901k Mr. Chatteris observed that the firm carried on a business of 300,0001. a-year, and that on the 1st of February they had a surplus of 134,0631. The accounts were then prepared with the utmost care, as at that time Mr. Mitchell contemplated leaving the bouse. Their embarrassments arose from one of their buyers about three years ago purchasing 100,0001. worth of goods beyond hbi commission, and they have been led to raise money on accommodation bills to nearly that amount. They have also given in return thefr acceptances for about 23,0001., but ft is not believed that in any case the loss to the estate upon this item will exceed 11,0001. or 12,0001. A proposal was made to pay off the debts in full -with interest at 6 per cent. in four half-yearly instalments, commencing the 1st of July, 1858, and two or three of the largest creditors, by whom it had been previously examined, joined in recommending it. After some discussion a resolution was passed acceding to these terms, subject to confirmation by a, meeting to be held at Glasgow on the 26th. A commitfee of creditors was also appointed, who are to have power to inspect the books of the firm until the liqtidation of the debts is concluded. The return from the Bank of England for the week ending the l7th of October gives the fol. lowing results when compared with the prev-lou week Pablic deposits .... ... £4,83.,021...Dere E £3,669,305 Other deposits ... ... 1,132 431 ... norease 1,465. 30 Best ... ... 3,222,817 ...Decreawe 736,471 On the other aide of the account :- Government secuwtite ... ;10,254,541 ... Decrease S306,6 Other securities ... ... 20,39,565 ... Decrease 1,859,32 Notes unemployed ... 3,217,185...Decrease 80 ,21.5 The amount of notes In circulation ua 20,183,2451., being an increase of 103,1351.; and the stock of bullon in both departmenta ls 9,524,4781., showing a decreae of 585,4651. when compared with the preceding return. I
TRdADE REPORT. Fridya Evening. SrOAFIr-Tho market is depressed, and sales are bemig made privately on ratber lower termas than the current prices, and it is difficult to give exact quotations. We ar, decidedly cheaper to-day, and for the week from Is. to 2s per cwvt. The particulars of the auctions are as follows - 198 hhds Barbadoes, L066 bags Maurltius, 1,3-29 bags Bengal, and 450 bha Madras tbat were wlthdrawn and 2,060 bags Penang that were partly sold at 3Ss. 6(d. to 4Ss. per cwt. Of West India 530 hhds. have been sold, making 1,723 for the week. The private transactions reported con. sist of 800 hhds. Cuba muscovado, 1,000 bags -Mauritins, 1,000 bags brown Bahia, and 250 hhds. Melado, the latter at 31s per cwt. COFFEE.-The auctions were small and of no interest. There is demand at yesterday's decline. Rscx.-1,370 bags low middling Bengal were partly sald at Is, per cwt. SA.LT'rRE..-600 bags Bengal, 7i per cent. refraction. at aucthon, were withdrawn at 60s. for want of buyers; also 30bags 1,. per cent., at 41s. Tbo latter, however, was subsequentty sold; 400 bags Bmnbay brought Z3s. Cd. to 3s. Gd. Prlvately 6i per cent. Bengal vwas yesterday sold at rival a6dt g3u in the earlier part of the week 40 tons on ar- Pua,i OIL.-485 casks were almost aMl bought in at 46s. Gd. for fine Lagos. Coco%. Nr-T OiL.-In the absence of public sales the market is dulL TALLOW.-The market is quiet to-day, a considerable business having been done at 5(1s. 3d. for all the year, 56s. Gd. to 9d. on the spot, and 57s. for January to Marcb.
RAILWAY AND MINING SEHARBS. Friday Evening. The railwvay-market receded soon after the opening, but a recovery subsequently took place and prices closed generally the same as yesterday. Lancashire and Yorkshire, however, and South-Western shGw a slight reduction. Caledonian improved 15s.; Midland were also 5s. higher. In colonial descriptlcns Buffalo and Lake Huron declined, while an advance occurred in Ceylon and East Indian. In Frtnch shares there Was little alteration; Paris and Ieons and Locnbardo-.enetian improved, and a fall of lOs. took place in Norwegian Trunk Preference and Southern of France. American securities continue in demand, but at the present low prices there is an indisposition to sell. New York Central abowed increased firmness. Mines were inactive, and the only variation was a fall in Cobre Copper. An unusually large amount of business was done in joint-stock banks at former prices; Union of Australia closed nominally 10s. lowver. In miscellaneous securities a fractional improvement occurred in Australian Agricultural. CANAI.S. Aishton & Oldbam, 140 Lelceeer & N'pton, 13 Warwick & Napton, 10 Rennet and Avon, 6t Oxford, 1041 Worcester& Blrun, 168 Leed & XIverpooi, 490 Roohdale, 80 WATEROWORKS. Berlin New, lesued at Sonttwark and Vaux- Lambeth, 95 95 die., 2 bal, 89 Hinngerford, 68 Vanxhall. 17i GABLIGHT AND COKE COMPANI'ES. BrIghton, 141 Imperial, 68 Pbconlx, 47 ]Dquts,tble, 40 Imperial New. 19j WestminaterCObarL51 3 Great Cenxtral, 1l, LondOn Par. Pre,L.26 Ditto. Now, 1688j INSURANCE OOMPANIES. Ablon, 95 Cler., MedL, and Gen. Indemnity Mar., 30 A.lliauce.lBrlt.kFor. 17 Life, 218, Law LIfe, 63 Do., Marine, 4t Eng. & Sco. Law ldfe, 4 M4rine. 75 Atls. 16J Globe. 85 5 7 Rook Life, 79 Cron.19 Guardian., 491 Royal Exchange, 280
STATE OF TBADE. MANCHESTER, OCT. 23, There is very little change in the market since Tuesday. The same gloomy feeling pervades business circles, and a disposition to exercse extreme caution, fully warranted by the state of the money-market and commerce generalI7, keeps transactions of all klnds, whether in yarn or clotn, within very narrow limits. Much of the long dated paper, in which a great deal of the export business of this neigh. bourhood is carried on, is either undiscountable, or chargeable with such heavy percentages that it Is practicaUy not available, and this interposes an obstacle to transactions which mightiotherwise be negotiated, notwithstanding the general incentives to caution. There is undoubtedly a moderate demand from the home trade, which is met to some extent, the principal check being in the feeling that if stocks go on accumulating, which have been prepared for export, and which must accumulate also through the extreme caution exercised in all transactions, whether for home or foreign trade, prices may give way to a serious extent and buyers are naturally anxious to limit their transactions, so as to be prepared in time to take the utmost advantage of such a change, should it come. Sellers of yarns are already disposed to submit to a reduction of id. per lb. upon last Friday's quotations, shovwng the necessity for this caution, and manufacturers, as well as spinners, whose contracts have run out fiad great difficulty in entering upon new arrangements. There is much Irregularity in prices under such circumstances, and any attempt to give quotations would only mislead. The announcement that Messrs John Black and Son, of this city, had suspended payment, Incautiously made in some of the published trade articles, proves to have been incorrect,'as also in al probability wrll be the congratulations that we are likely to pass through the present orisis bter than other comierCiaf communities. A great numstber of small trading concerns81n the district have already slipped dowzn into insolvency during the past six or eight months, and consequently less has to be recorded jnst now, but, however carefully men conduct their business int times lilee the present, It iS impossible to say what the end may be,
RAILWAY INTELLIGENCE. RA.ILWAY RECETPTS- The traffic returns of railways In the united ldngdem jublished for the week ending October 17 anounted to 483,3201., and for the corresponding week of 1856 to 473,6201., showing an increase of 14,7001. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termini in tie metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 207,6S61., and for the corresponding week of last year to 207,6211., showingan increase of 651 Theincrease on the Great WVestern amounted to 2,9041. ; on the London and North Western to 7751.; on the London Brighton and South-Coasb to 3181. ; and on the South-Eastern to 1,013t. ; total, 5,0101. But from this must be deducted 7861., the decrease on the Eastern Counties Railway; 2,6451. on the Grea. 1;orthern; 1061. on the London and Blackwall; and 1,408t. on the London and South-Western; together 4,945; leaving the increase as above, 651. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 280,6841., and for the corresponding period of 1856 to 265,599t1., sh~owing an incx ease of l 4,6351. in the receipts of those lines, which, added to the increase on the metropolitan lines, makes the total jincrease 14,7001. as compared with the corresponding week of 1856. The following are the receipts of railways for the past week _ SMYRNA AND AIDIN. The directors of this company had an interview yesterday with his Exeolency the Turkiah Amabassador in reference to the construotion of this railway, the contract for whiohi has been recently entered into. The works were commenced on the 22d nlt., and the official opening of the first seotion of 46 miles out of Smyrna will, it is expected, take plaee before the end of next year. The deputation was attended by Sir Macdonatld Stephenson (the chaira Captain Danel arrn thedeptycharma),Mr. W". Gordon Mor.. t. Cra Emptn, Mr. A. W Rixon, Mr. G. Rooper, and Mr. A. Wilkin. Mr M. MusuRtus assured the depuatationi of the satisfaction with which the communication which he should at once telegraph to Constantinople would he received by the Porte, and co-peatio t o f m tthe eTudrkiPs°h Ghovernment in an und?ertaking which it was hoped would be alike beneficial to the Turkish empire and remunerative to those who carried it RAILWAY RATING. The Norfolk QuarterSeasions were occupled on Wednesday and Thursday with an imnportant appeal on the part of the Eastern Counties Railway Company against a poor-rate made on a portion of the Eastern Union ailway, of which they are lessees, by the churchwardens and overseers of the parish of Moulton, Norfolk. The railway was sought to be assessed by the respondents at the rate of 6001, per mile per annum. Mr. BONILL, in stating the case for the appellants, said they had acourately calculated the whole traffic passimg over the line between Tivetshall and Farncett, and they foundl that it amounted, in 1856, to 4,1611. The proportion of this sum on the lI mile in the parish of Moulton was 2,2291. ; but the following deductions miust be made for the expenses-namely, 5,713 trains at 2s. 9.',. per train mile, 1,4951. ; renewal of permanent way and repairs, 1871. ; annual value of stations and buIldings, 891.; Interest on capital, at 5 per cent,, 1141. ; allowance for dlepreciationL of rolling stock, at 10 per cent., 2281.; tenants' and trade profits, at 12A per cent., 2861.; showing that the 1t mile of line was worked at a loss of about 1701. in 1856. Mr. O'M;utuy addressed the Court for the respondents, and contended that the portion of the line In Moulton ought to be taken in the proportion which it bore to the whgole line, whc e o 0001. a-yesr. -i After making every deduction the respondents believed that 6401. per mle was the annual value of the portion of the line in Moulton. The COURT considered that the appellants had shown that the line in Moulton had earned in 1856 2,229h With respect to the deductions allovwable, the Court considered that the first two items in the calculations ought to be allowed. The other items were questionable, but, as the first two deductions reduced the rateable value of the line below 6001. per mile, and the Court had no means of amending the rate, it must be quashed without costs. The rate was quashed accordingly.
From at LONDON GAZETTI? of Fridy, Ot. 23. BOARD OF TRADE. WnITTAT.T. A- O'i The Right Hon. the Lords of the Commilttee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of 8tate for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Ambaaasador at Parus, inclosing copy of a French Imperiail decree, prolonging the esemption from navigation dues accorded by the decree of the 7th of October, 18a6, with respect to vessels laden with cargoes of ghraoi,flour,rbie, lpotatoes, and dried vegetables until the CROWN- OOFFICE, Ocr. 21. Member Returned to Serve in the preseat Parliament for the Borough of Oldbam. William Johnson Fox, of Sussex-place, Regent's-park, in the county of Middlesex, Esq., in the room of James Platt, Esq., deceased. WAR-OFFICE, OCT. 23. let DragoontoDag Guards-ebt -JaoFo*es ila Baiford, gent. to b be camet, without burabsev Eorbu F hoseraek fer erom wth Ligh rgonbabeencaetd th Doalnon Goary eroeansignoIn tbe d oyar raltnci Weavr, Rgotment, to bst D ra et. wito u be urne ae vieu Purchase. tp te roto 3th 7'ithLihti Drtegroo,hs;Itieras tEllit}t. seint., to5 be Cosel5 ith-t5 tdDrgon ofCo netCarlut LHerber aly vFobes Dowd-wrn. gent to be ut Cme1ndnt otithout p uchae, vIce.Crasts hosttradnfera froin the Ga th iht Deagns baal bee ancelled.t 4th Dragoone GofrFoo.-Seresnt.-Major B.dWbtigam, F rani Weaver from ittsheltDraon, to.b btelCoronet, wihout puet.Coo10ntel Gromo tIoln on, Cronet ChainXs t Liutched. Solbe htwa5w0r, was0 W.7 G chase." nd nsom t wr totapucbed,"astedI t he Gazette5'o. Lit DragEons.-Capt. Michbel StoHks to be Moator by nurchae vice W. do Cardonnel B meanl, who retires; Lieut Joh Gla3 Sandeman Io be CJat.,by pJr.ba.ow,ic Stockom Comnet Daniel Finneans to ho Lut, byDrcchspe, Vice Sd a ha pak 60t o rz gt to ecmet, by pu. r ue., ice F nuc'a)e. 1 Foot. 6th Dragooans.-Luto Willam Sawlye Bawlinson to be Cant., by purchase, vioe Augu.tus Hunt, who retires; C-oret and odjm. Wlp3am Menle to have the rank of Lioeut. Cornet Robert A. Godolphot Cosby to be LC et.. by purochase,vice Rawlinson Fiskd B arlay Chapman gent., to be Cornet. by nurchse, vice Coay. 11tLih Dragoons.-The christiau name of Lieut. Wlrgmau, prooted to a G troop, without purchas on the . th of October, is TOeodore. aud not Theophilus, ase previously stated. 13th Light Dragoons.-Aibert Arthur Lethbrldge gent., to be Conet, without Durchase, aice Bigbgar, spnointed o tho 1lth Lgh,t Dragoons. 17th Light Dragoona.-Enaigu John BUdge Fraser, from the IFt Regiment of Foot, to be Comnet, without Purchase, Mlitary Train.-Enoign Robert Fope Hardy, fron the 68th Foot, to be Ensatgn, vie Craig. who exchanges; the christian names of Liutt Sewell, restored to full p3y on the It ot September, are Joh AugustuLs George Frederick. Royal Aztlllery.-Azalst-Surg. NathAnil Phllip Bette bas been rermitted to resign Jhs cNeminssionm 4th Regiment of Foot.-Clent. Colouel P. httioghbarm from halfpay jmattacbed, to.be Lienkt -Colonel; Brevet Lieut.-Colonel G. L. Thomson, fromn haltf-pay unattached, to be Maj or; Major W. G. Cameron, froa half-Dpay unattached, to be cajor. To be CAPTAINS. CaptH. 3,J Bower.'from half-Day 4th Foot. Capt. J. S. Reowar from half-pay unattached. Capt. Frederck C. Trower, from balf-paky50th Foot. Capt. W. Tr. Grlmeton. from half:pay 3t Foot. Capt. D). Farrington, from half- p1 lgth Foot. Capt. 3, t. Carn, from hal t-pay 3d Foot. Capt. R. C, P. de Robeok, from balf-pay 39th Foot Capt. D. Reid, from hail-pay unattacheLd To be IxLfzAumms. Lesign FL A. G. Todd, without puFhae, Ensign D. . Clery, by purchas, vice Williamoon, who has retIred Bleut. J. C. Ca, from 20th Foot. To be ENsmNxs. Ensign E. ChiDn, from 49th Foot. Ensign C, H. Hammond, from 21st Toot. Ensign . N. Middleton, from 38th Boot, Enigun W. J. bolt, from 89th Foot To be QuARTERMAsTER. Quartermaster John Nwewy, from a depot battalion. 5th Foat.-IBrevet-Lleut,-Col. J. A. V. Kirkland.. from half-pa tenattach, tote Major; Major J. C. Baztley, from hall-pay unattcohed, to be Major, To be CAIB,UT S. Capt. . A. Joss, from half-pay unattahebd. Lieut. J, W. Dunlop Adair, without purchase, Capt. J. O'Brien. from 30th Footh Capt I, H. Macfarlane, from half-pay 92d Foot. Capi. N. Macdonald, from half-pay 39th Foot. Capt, F. PockE. ngton, from balf-pay 38th Foot. Capt. J.B . Hrknes, from half-pay 65th Foot. Capt. S. Withington, from half-pat Rifle Brigahe. To be LIRuTZ AYTs. Enim E*. S. LewIs, without purchase, vice Adair, proMoted, .lct, S. Diron, from 87th Foot, Lieut H. W. B. VUlilesm from 34th Foot. Lieut. W. Tbwaytes, from 31st Foot. Lieut. J. W. Kin}Csloy, from 28th Foot Lteut. F. MayTohe, from 17th Foot. Lieut. J, J. Robinson, from list Foot. Lieut N. Barreon from 89th Foot. Ideut. J. R. Newboll, from 44th Foot. Lieut, J. MU. T nro m fron 62d Footl Lieut, H. Hi. Taylor, from 26th Foot. To be ENSIGN and ADJUTAI,-T. Cornet C. Sutton, from haif-pay of the late Land Transport Corps, 6th Poot.-Brovet Leut.-Col. G . R. S. Wilis, from hail-cpy Dunat tached, to be Major; Brevet frout-p-el,. J., Lowtdes, fom haiPay unattached, to be Major, To be CAITAISs, Lieut. E. Lloyd, witboutDurchaw. Capt, C. St. John S. Herbert, from balf-pay 97th Foot. Capt. A. G. Fuller, from half-pay 13th Foot. Capt. B. Feiden, from half-pay 38th Foot. Capt., . L Phllps, from half-pa 39th Foot. Capt. H. L.umodn Battiscombe, rom hall-pay 68th Foot, Capt. B. Ritmpay. from half-nay 624 Toot LEiutT. W. Vs n1, from 26th Foo without Durchase, To be LEuITExASNTs. Lount. W.13. C. Goodison, from 49t Foot, vice Lloyd, Lieut. J. Grahauls, ftom lf th Foot, Lieut. W. B, Harness, from 28th Foot ieut J. A. Stainer from 62d Foot LUeit. ThBomas h Keison, from 46th Foot Iut. D. , G Prothgroe, from 48th Foot, Lient. R. O'Connor from 47th Foot Lent. JW.. WcDlm eyn, from 68 th Foot Lieut. Alfred A. James, from lst 1eat India Reginent, Lieut. , BaILl, froma 34th Foot. Iout. H. Burrows Adcock from 20th Foot. 7th Foot-Msjor H. BR, dhibbert from half-pay unsttacbcd, to ba Malor; Cant. and Brevet-MaJor Thoma Gilley, from Aujutant of a depot battalion, to be Major without prchae.w D To bke CA_?TInz. Capt. C, J. Thornton, from half-pay 26th Foot, Capt_ J. M4. Claybills, from half-pay 934 Foot. Capt. . P. Herbert, from half-pay 31t Foot. Capt. J. T. Campbell, from hal Foot. Capt A. G. DauFeny, from hat-Fpay ot th Foot, Capt . J. . JCoops, f trm baltpay 57th F oot Lioutn 0. S. DowBes, from 8th Foot, with.it Durcase, To be LrguTExA\T-Ts Lienut Y A. Little, from 17th Foot. Ensign T. B. Vandeleur, without purchas. To be QUARTERASc.TERxB Ensfgn Timothy MRtteafo, from 49th Foot. Sth Foot-Brevet-Cal. T. H. Wilso4, from half-pay R6th Foot, to he Len6utJ-o. W Capt. J. Hlnde, to be Mor, without purchase; BrvetC oL .C. F,Napier, from half-PAY Unattached, to be Major. To be CAPTr.&ns. Uenit, T. G7. Souter, without purchase, vice, Blade. Lieat. D. Beers, without purcbase, Lieut. E14. SandllW.and without Purchase, Capt. WR. uD. Brue, from half-pay 924 Foot, Cart. J. A. McDonald. from half-pay 97t Foot. Cant. J. W. Dimond, from half-pay 50th Foot. Capt. R. M. Gould, from half-ay l9th Foot. Calt. S. H. Coye. from hal F-pay 1thFot. Lie*t. J.V. Gr6ay, from67th Foot, without purchase. To be L1cTxNAt.TS. E.nsigneu net 0. Bl3.r, without purchase, vice £outer. IEnslen A, Tloyniban, without purchase, vice Beers. Loeut H. O. FtszGerald, from aIth Foot, vise Bandllands. L1ent. J. QF Palmer, from 41st Foot, vice Dowsn, Prmoted In 7th Foot. Lieut. F. Q. Furlong Moors, from 34th Foot, vice Aldridge, promoted i Vth B Foot. Lieut, J. P. Macchberson, from 62d Foot. Lieut. C. B. Brown, from 63 Foot. Lent 3. 'Harsa, from 629 Foot, Enemt. C. CoFyy, from 5th Foot. To be E,ocscNs. Ensign C. T. B. Brown, from lId Foot. E'nsign T, S. Mitchell, from 89th Foot. Ensign F, Tanner, from3 * Foot. Ensign F. T. Pinuiger, fzom 28th Foot. oonalgn R.Y. Stokes, from 48th Foot. Ensign Rt. Whitting, from 624 Foot, nsignJ.Wlack, from Tyackeobot4,t Foot, )cg 1.Wheey fromle 97thu Footati Sib oot Liut-ol.C. lceise, fomadepOt battalion, to ha CaptA. aylr t beMajor, without purchase. Brev.Llut,Col W.Saney,from half-pay unattached, to be Major, To BE CAI'TAilws CaptW. W Daunt, from ball-Pay, as Adjt, of a depot battalion, visa T,-ylofr. Cp.W. hugent, from half-pay 9th Foot. Cant. 28.3', Marston, from half-pay 97th Foot. Caput. BH.'Barronstt,fromr af-a 4 9th Foot. CapUt. 3.DW M'Arlen. from hal-a unattahd CapotA.6. Carede. from hafpa 9th Foot. rLieutr. TH. M Car n, from 244t Foot.wihupscae Lieut. V B. Graam, from for7th a Foot,.ihu ucae To be ELIiGN&A,-s Enign, t P. P.ulrrwes, from 4th Foot. Ensignt.B S. Lynne y, from 49th Foot. Ensign P. 1T. Clarke, from t7th Fzoot. Ensign 0.S. Lyrny, from 98th Foot. Ensign C. T. Cootbe from, bth Foot. 14th Foot.-Lieut.Ant WThliam Hailk to be Capt., by purchas,vi voiceMthew, who rtrets. ;Esg oh .Cso o eL u,b Foti ot. -at iim M sd rmhlfDYmt At be Capt. (Paying the dlfference), vice Humble, who exchanges reoeiviuig the diffeertene. 6th Fo -nsgn Jo Maloolm Sew;bli to be Lent,, by purchase, 8hl Foot-nsiygn JaemxesCraig, from thC e MDiltary Tran, to be b71st Foot,-Lieu t Feer rick William bto be Capt., by pur Hilt Fot-Ensgn Hery Hurford to be Lieut.. without bucasec vice Crorlor, killed In a Ensign Geor Home Prow to rLieut. without e vc Rivers, deesd.. 78thg Fc t-LeUnt Howard D. Campbell to he Capt., without p chase, vice Hunt. decesd: Ensign It. . Butler to be Lout, without prohaseviceGCampbel;Ensign R icad Clay,fromthe624 Foot, tO be Ensign, vice Thomsn, promoted : Ensign Thomas Mackent,e from the 42d Foot, to h e Enseign vice Butter. 88th Foot.-Ensign Thomas F. SwinOrfrom the 14th Foot, to b e Ensigno , vicO Nevinsn, appointed to the t Fort. Bille Brlgade.-Enslgn Henry Charles G. dale, to be flute. by urchb~se, vieLord E, Clinton, promotedl;= George Aesbeto. ~)mod.c rnt., to he Ensign. by purchase, vice Dugdale ; Rowland Egerton, gout., to be Ensign, without purchase. iet Woest India Regiment-Ensign Joseph Alexander Smith. to be Lieut, without purchase, vice Kenrick, oeceased, -Augustus Temple, gout., to be Ensigni, witbout putrshas, vice Smith: 4d West India ReelmentRiobard Wilson, gent, to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Sulivan, who retire. Ceylon2 Rifls Begiment..GuY Willam FRederick LEtag,gt. to be EnsIgn, by purchase, vice Poi-se, who retires. Etag,en, Gold Coast Artilery Corpn.-Lient. James Taylor, to be Capt., without purcb3so; Esignx John Halpen Tliompson, to be Lieut,, without punchaer, vice Tasior. Royal Mlalta Fencihle Begiment.-Li8ut. Wiliam GattI to be Capt. iwith local and temporary rank), vice Mattel, promoted; Enshign S. de P1cc, to be Lient (with local andtemporary rant), vice Gattil DE-POT EATTAIONf. Loeu.-l,fo. Robert Sanders, C.R, from half-pay 18th Fookt,o1 ba Lieut.-Col., vice Emhirsist, appoinated to tho 9th Foot. Major Geore ATeon, from half-pl unatlached, to be Major, V'ii0 Hawley. appointed to the 60th Fook1 CYaptain John Henry Grant, from hall-nay 30th Foot, to be &dJntaut, vice GOley, promoted, writhout purcase, in the 7th Foot. STAFF. Wa jor and Brevt Lleuat,.CoL, Bdsw4 U8lTI G b4, 6thl F0ot, to be De;pUty Adj*t.*len. at Bormbay, vico Lugard, appointed Adjt. Gem. in the East Indies. UNATTACHBD. The undermeutioned officers to hare their Brevet converted into Substantive Rank utnder the Royal warrant of the 6th of October, 1854:- Captair' and Brevet-Major W. G. Cameron, 49th Foot. Captain aud Brevet-Major H. It. Hibbert, 7th Foot. HOSPITAL STAFF. Surgeo.n Peter Henry Roofrom the Gold Coast Artillery Corps, to he S%iff-Snrg. of tbe Firet S. To be AssiSTANT-SUJ-RGEONS. to the Forces. William AlexanderMackinou, late Alsit.-Surg 42d Foot. Oswald tfome Bell, M.D., vioe Read, appointed to the Royal ArtUtery. (egeWhitia, gent., vice tIlli. appointei to the 7th Dragoon GUardf. utoht Heard, ?eLD., ViCe Rndd, ap!pointea to the 8th Light Draeoona.~ ~~~~~~lo Daooi Alexander Neili. grent., sire Gib'b, appointed to the let Dragoons. DEugene lShane, gent, vise Cteny. appointdt tO the 17th Light csvph Masmadnire T3glor, gent., r.ice Poeteons, appointed to the Joeep Riechbad Kehoe, gent, vice F. Iftloiott. appoluted to the 18th Henry Carden Herbert, gent., vice J. FoUlott, appointed to the 61at Foot. Edward Llfetrarge, M.D.. vice BurnBide, appointed to the S13 itobert Owen ffa;deu, geet.. vice Leask. appointed to the sEth Foot. Augunein UlJver Applin, Rent., vice CoD4i, appointed to the 93ih Foot. Jamea r ood. gent., vice. HTyde, appointed to the 18th Foot. John Hendersou Whittaker, gent., vice Robertson, plomoted on the Stair- TEnemaa Liddard, gent., vice Hardle, promoted on the EStit. BREVET. Lieun. and Capt. Wiliesm Andrew 3f. Barnard, of the Grenadier Guards, tbheproantedtothebrevet rank of Majorin tho army. C.pt. WiUlaa M'Donald, 28th Foot, Wo e M.ajor in the arny. The following promotions, which appeared in the GazcW of the 18th nit., and which were stated to be In succession to Col. H. 1). Townehend, promoted to be Major-Gen., and dated 5th September, 1857, will be in succession to Col. Bell, of the Royal ArtiUery, promoted to be MajorGen., and wil bear date 29th August, 1857:- Brevet-Ldeut,-Ool. W. Fraser, hbal-pay as Major. Unattached, to be COL. 7'ajor George Drmford, 70th Foot. to be Lieut,-oL Capt. C. E. P. Gordon, 75th Foot, to be Major. The following prornotions, which appeared in the GazedtC ef the 18th nit., and which were stated *to be in succession to CoL. Wright, promoted to be MIajor.Gen, and dated 8th September, 1857, will be in succession to Coi. H D. Towns. hend, pzomoted to he Iajor-Gen., and bear date 5th September, 1857 lilen -COt.ol. J Ahgeo Unatt ced, to he aol hlajor C. C. hMloltsia 78th Foot, to be LiJeut.Col. Capt. raD oetitM oyal Malta Fencihies, to have the local and temo Capt. r. F. HIdd lesOore m hff-pay , Unattached, Slat Oficoer ot Pen ioneat, tobe Major. The following promotions to take place in succession to CoL Thomas Wneght, C.B., promoted to be Major Sen,, on September S, 1857 Breoet Llent. CoLe W. Grahamu, holtpay asl Capt., nhattlahed, to ho blajor the Hrton. Jam ee Cloisornel half pay, Unattached, iltary Serotary Un Itelied, to he Lleut.OeioL Capt. John APrdatt. th Fo ot to he ajtor. The foUlowing promotions to take place consequent upon the death of Liet,-Genw. G. A. Henderson, on September 7, 1857;- ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~25287 Maljor-Gen. Hlenry,Duke of Cleveland, K.G.,uponhil-ayas Lient.- Major Ceo. Sir Geore Agatoa WetherB KA a.B., Cot of the 84th Foot, and Adj.-leu. to the oroces, to be TLeGt.h ,on. The undermentioned promotions to take place consequent upon the death of the following officers:- (len:. Si J. MaconellD K Ci . a ed May 15,857. (len. Sir c. B. Egerto',. d..a.ia. dedJly 18, 1857. Glen Sir G. HA F. Berkele orCA.a.. dieS ept. 2. 1867. Sior-Ge. Sir 3. F. Love, K.C.B., Col. Cavhlry, onthe 2nsec- Whelr,Gen.o nfatr, toBengl Ie nfanty nte27ho ue 15jor-o. AHexnry HTavelocm C.B., the Boonir superInmearay o , hlo ronk, to he piaced open the ,ixed eetablndhmoer os Major-Generls.' sreTet-Lieut.-Col. H. S. Stephens, half-payas C_apt., Unvattached, to Capt. teb Hon kb.J Weld Forestepr, MduFaooAt,ctobe Mhajor lu. L The andersmentiored promotions to take place In theRas India Companyfs army consequent on the death of Geen. Sir Johe Doveton, G gC,B., Madras Cavalry, on the 23d of September, 1857; and of Major-Generas Sir Hugh assey Wheeler, e. C.B., Bengal InMantry, on the 27th oi Jeue, 1857; Alexander Thomson Mald, C.B., Bombay Infantrv on the 22d of AorgnLst, 1857; and RogerWilliam ilson C.B., Bengal Infantry, on the 15th of September, 1857:- Lient.tGei. Henry George Andrew Taylor, C.B., Madras lnatntry, Sajor-eent John Anderson, Madras Infantry, to he Ileut.-Gen. To be MACOLO-G' NEitLS. CoLt GoDrge Corniah T hotmoc S Madras Infantry. Gel. rederick l George laster, Bengal Infantry. lot. Dancd Dowanng, Bengal Infantry. CoL Patrick lobinpao, Madrms Infantry. The utdermentioned oficers of the East IndIa Company's Service, r etired upon fuLl-pay, to htave a step of honorary rank as follows: To be CouoNx-CLS. ALiour-Col. John Thomas rmith, Madrasa Eadn rs. LMenta.Co . John Chrsier Bdaeck, Bengai Infantry Lieut.-CoLt James Stephen Davies, Bengal InAntry. rLAug-Cot. Charlei Yate, Mars Infantry. Tient-Ct John ud areton Oldfeld, BenghalfEnginter Ro To be LIE honrarnk-COLOf nLS, ajeatr Ed oard ere Peiregr Hoa of the , Adras o fan try. Mtajor George Forster, Madras Infantry. Major Thomas Henry Sisemore, Bengal Artillery. Major AUgnetno Price, Bombay Inffantry, The undermentioned ocficer, upon half-pay of the Roval Mlarines, to have the honorary rank of Captain, under H or MWajesty's order in Council of the 25th of June, 1857:- Quaslermaster Thomaa Coope. MLImOR,A-IDrX. Capt. the Hon. George Matthew Fortemcue, on half-pa of the late 26th Dragoons, has been permitted to resign hls cemmission, BREVET. MEdIORANDUi. Inopursuance of a memorandum, dated in Of tober, 1854, the Qneea has been pleased to confer upon Lieut.;CoL George Palmer Evelyn, of the Turkish Army, and of the 1st Royal Surrey M.litia, the eouivalent honorary rank of Lleut.-Col., such honorary rank, however, to confer no pnivileges as a BrtiEsh Lieut.-CoL on that o9ficer. COMMIrSSION5 Depu3ty-LieutJaeoo ae.lulotetS es ob By the LOnRD-Lmum;vA.rT of the County of LEuCESTER. TydoehsmEzbwroYdHauanry Cal,toe'-JoD p WiUliam Cheney Ewrla, gooest, Eeqbe Conthe younesr,ooke, Dpromt-Led By the LORID-LIEUTFSAVT of the County of uENrT. b t joer t Regnmens of Mllitel-WCon am o atlet ourtis gent, to Deputy-iet.-Sr. ieRi,rspd By the LoRTn-LIYV=mcA?-T Of the County of Lxcxrtitz. di Regtent ot the Royal Srey iotnWa.-iierabert CbarheeyW iwn, gent., to be Cornet.v;icBrg oe pootd By the Lon iD.LiE rTN_A,,T of the County of LL%coT'r. E oast eNothRrirneonto Milltis,.-JWlesiard HaiRCutsent., to b iueat vibeSml, resirged, HenrY Ausustue Wlms. gent,, to beRi,eieignned vice J. S. Coopier, promoted; Joba W£Uam Mambi, genit.. to be By the IOR-LisUTENAOuT Of the County of STAFFORD. 3d Regiment of Kthe Oyal Suafrre dtltabiHeMblrtCharensig Aulkin, gent., to be Ensign, vice Ensign Robert Hey Peare. resigned. By the LOR'-LtnUTNTAWT of the County of LTMDr.c. l oya Nort inyalinu Militdle-JaegmentWarf geniti. obeuLintSsenat vicetSmi'h , resLged; g nry usuotksd, reWignedm En .gnW. m VeaEsig vob ic u, ie 3 C oper. promoted; onWlimM.hl,gn. oh Bytheo LRoyalIbon Ligh2,t Ifanthe Cou ienyoSt IIoIt Md.l fdf Reg-imeint ofs Turne', OwnStaffodohIe lilius-Ragn,vc Gibsn,urtu igned; nsign RobertnantvcioceWotoen, re sigedt. vey, reigudd; nt tr be nBaylisito be Ensign, vico Hancor p.romoted. [,rThibzs tappofinthmenlt stiBsubsu4sti3tuted for that whbich appearedIin the By the Lopa -Ln .T2AreT or the Counnty Paaieof L.Ac.qgnRx. Royao yalEat . Middlser Regiment .-Fliria Lieut. Charles duly registered for teslemnirotlou of marria^g°es ithberDeihnct ae Nilton IbdependeDt Church, Frnesorthe tlacbett L tren t v nited PresbFcrian Chued b, Ne.eastleupon-Tyne. PARTNERSHfIPS DISSOLY1ED. J. Eoris and Co., Birntaig manufantryg chnmisto-J. and T. Pe Ieonard, Kingston-upone ulr, gutchernt--o bolEns and hvitfieldn Newar; upon-Trent, Hroera.-Lobgstaff and Wt itvell, Mepals CamHlenry DlgterBayitrtox bed nludso,vi HoNokck, prlamote d.- e ma Roiat. Tenct,ari cblitaArt. ileryitor d.a f G. lr Lje, Ci Charene lids anodet to bm e Capt.. W vie Haco anl l . RIeesigned., Blov Tno SC et 'cd J on t aYinsntic, m iesth eW iowing plan e ha Bree. duly regleatee fr thse e!ol9Temynisrtiotu of mr^Xriagerstherin,o 4 n elsbto Ire bankersp soaendesnt egare-fJ. J dChuirch ntotrn, ayrrt ga E n, BardtCiomanuf aBcatureinetun la brk mivst.o -J an d T. P. Leonterd, treet.outhwanrkui, ho rbanthes.--Wamthorand Whitsaid, Wibridger,c milr.Gdberhng.Wt and Co., Daeanesteree, anufrd-treet, oflaletopalebag.-Frto and Hudso1n, rtocwon mArine trore dalerswl,podminth.-Crnal, Bumm etd.R. Smriouran EG.harriw, Cviheabitgen elswhee, ankrs:so ar s rgars J J. oo lanto-dae No or-, gan,andCo. (ld Brad-tee, Rssiabroe le-W.and . P.&tnn W. nTen.t,Roytl SExthange,hopmerehant ,---Sof 2er lid. HtisWodek, Wiv nchewoste,bsequ.-eltWdberg yandCt Marehest ler,manbufatuer raddlers.O. Sheppad and Co. Cwudd v n onfWors. GiamySeatar lronastes.-. Sael nd I. 3.Gei, Lverool 9s,andye Yatrk.y IEToms lgen'RchstBAXKRCITB, lEThomas Sideen. Roehester, eoal merchant, to surrender Nov. 3, at half-past 12ll'ioock, Dec. 4, at 11, at the Bankrupts' Court: soUlitor, Mr. Dalton, Ring's Arms-yard; official assignee, Mr. Johnson, Basingha3istreet. Henry Sibley, Blrehin-lane, mining agent, Nov. S. at Il o'clock, Duo. 3, at 2, at the Bankrupts' Oourt: solicitor. Mr. Philp, Bnuklerrbury; official asdgnee. Mr. Johnson. BastoghaU-etreet. Thomas Chandler, Paradi.estreet, Botberhiths. eurgen, OeL 80, at 11 O'clock. Dee 4, aet 1. at the Bankrupt s Court; solicitors, Mesms Linklater and Hackwood, Siselane, Bucklersbury official assignee, Mr. Whitmore, Basinghalil-streit. Jobn Slade and Jamues Tally Vinitg, Yeovi, attorneys, Nov. 2, Dee. 9, at 11, at the Exoter Dlstrict Court of BaUkrPttey; solceitors, Mr. Stogdou. Exeter, and Mr. Murly, Langport; officiai assignee Mr, Bictzel, Exeter. Daosiph Lee Wolverhampton, engine manufacturer, Nov. 2, De.,u, at half-past 10, at the irmingham District Court of Bankruptcy EOkUoitOrs, Mr. BoltonF WolverwampTon. and MesBrs. vright. Binmingbimam offriiali asegnei, Mr. asigtmore, Birmingham. Willam Doeoon. Derby, silk throwe6r, Nov. 10. Don. 1, at half-past 18 o'lok., at the Birminghas District Court of Bankruptcy, Notting ham; solicitor, Mr. Picke ing, Derby: official asignee, Mr. HEarri, Nottingham. David Davies. Geily.tlar. Gl amnrRon and Bedwelty, DonmouIt corekr. Nov. 3, De. 8, at ll o'clock, at the Bristol District Cowtt of Bankruptcy Sonlcitors, Mr. Forward, TSader,, and y esksr. Reran and Girling. Bristol; official asignee. Mr. Acraman. BristoL Bredeck Willia iam Pool, Britol. lcenend vietualer, Nov. 5, D 4ct 7, at 11 oc lock. at the Bristol District COoUt of Banhruptoy* soliitors Messrs. Boean and B wickn, Bristol; O-ffiial assignee, Mr. Miller, Bristol. John BWmbrer, Bdrstol, oil and colo mnan, Nov. 3, Dec. , at ll o':ook, at the Bristol District Court of Sanarupty * soliettof., isuetst B,ltan anD Eion, Bristol, anD Mtessrs. Savery, Clark. osisuee, and Priehard, Bristol; offlcial assignee, Mr. Acramar, Bristol. Till/am Swire and James Blair, Harden, near Skipten, contractors, IDov. 5, De. 4, at 11 oc lok, at the Leeds District Cowu t of Bank- ruptcy; solicitors, Messrs. Terry, Watson, and Watson, Bradlford, andi 1 e11a11ocokatteLesDe o .irit ,oto Bat lnvspey sohss, tos. iesers. Carts andL Cudwoth°i LenoBdto; fcil eneen,NR Mr. ton upon-Hull: ollcitorm Me3ars. Stamp and Jack}a, Ktugitou.upDx.- Hull loftnEIa as,lgee, Mr. Carrick. Hult. Edward hsw. Ktigton-upon-HuU. drape, Nor. 4, Dec. 9, at 1I o'Jiock, at the Leeds D14riet Oourt of BUaIrrptny, Kngsogo-upon. Hufl: eliorlei, Messrs. Sale. lorthington, and Salpinan, Kanchee. mr rMe'ere Itichrdeton and Genn-, Leeds; offiei*1 aignee, Mr. C&e Richard B. and David Beales, Minhebster. hbirt manuofactrers. Sov. 9 and 30, at 12 o'clockr, a the Mancheter DDistrict Court of B iuk. rpc: wlidtora Mr. turdy. Bucklershury, and Mesm Chapman and soberts, Maucheeter; offil atanignee, Mr. Heruaman, MlauOheter. Thomas Wgeh. M aclecfield, Innkeeper, Nor. 4 and 25, at 1 o'clock, at the Manchbeter Distreit Court of Bankruptcy: Aine,o Mesrs. Parrott. Colville, sad May. Maccleiel8ed; o5cid arynset Wr. lermaman, MaDcbe,ter. DIrIDZND6. NOv. 17. L. Benjamin, 3efryateet, Aidgate, 1fb merchaut-Nor. If, F. Long, lCingelreet, Oheapelde. warehoueoman-NoV. 13, BL JsOgson. Lombard-etroet. ah1powner-Nov. 13. C. Higgins, Sall.urr, brewver-Nov. 16& 1L Bodoath, Chestr-terrae,w Hegent's Park, and ete Wrhere, deal r-Nov. 16,3. BaUIJ, Carhel and Manchester, draper-Nor. iS.'J. Moss Liverpool. tsbaeco manntactnxer-Nov. 16, W. Sothero, Livrpool. gl,sYedelr-Nov. 16, A. Birch, Birminguha.grocer-Nov. 14i P. 93e2, befineld, tablekcnte manufacturer. CERTIFIOCATI to be Panned, unle cce be bow,n to the oou nray ou the day ot meetng, Nov. 14, C. R White Southampton, china man-Nov. 16. G. HL Sellere, WVestbourne-psrk-road, Paddengton merchank-Nor. 26, E. C. Xrerit, EKast Rudbam, NorfoUc, plumber- or. 16, A. McKean. Southaptcn, tlimber rnerchant-No. 24. DL Davies, landlUofawr, Carmwrthe, grocer- Nov. 17, J. 0. Perrin, W. L. Preoetone, aadE. W. Turkey, late or Great Bt. Baton's and Bristul. merchaDts-Nov. 17, P. Simpson. Sedgefield, Durhama. draper-Nov. 13, J2. 8. Touge. Liver- Hodge, Focklbinton, York. miller-Nov. 14. J. Siddone, Shefifield, rocer-No,. 1s,W. (lales, Sheffld,edgee tol mnufacurer. ECOTCH lSEQtIXTATIONS. 3 J bSlrra, tirlIng. draper, Oct. 29, at 11 o'clock, at Campbellrs Golden Lion Hotel. Stirling. L. Millr, Glsgow, lace mercant, Oct 28, at 1i o'clock, at the Globe Hotel. Gla5vow. R. Lard. W. Tbomnon, and W. An.!lh, Glawgow aed Paisley, mes chantps Oct 30. at 1 o'clock, atthe t lcoe Hotel. Glasow. J. E. etepbeus. Edinburgh, Oet. t8, at 2 'clock at Sterensons Booms. Eflnburch. W. Gulhrle. Wright, Dnnbiarney Perth, Oct. 21, at 12 edock, at tbe Prccnrato,'e Library Pertb. J2. N. Sutherland. flaugo;, plumber, Oct, 33, at 12 o'clock, at the Paculty.hali, Glaego v. W. Swith and G2. Lanosater, Glasgow, eallco Drintera, Oct. 30, at 12 o'dloct. a t the Faculty of Pfrourato's lall GGaenw W. Willeon. Klelth, BenZf draper, Oct. 30, at 1 o'cloC:, at the Gordon'e Arms Ian, Keith. T~he Average rrioe of Brown or Mueooyado f3ugi, oDmDuted fpom the itturns made in the woek ending the 20th of October, exotleve of Caetomne dutlegpaldor payable then on the imPortation tbereof InoGreat litfn iL d. From the Brikish poweedonz in Amerio . 31 6i per awf6 From the Esst Indies.. . . 25 4 The average prine of the two foregedag desr5tiosof sugar. JoIUtY, oomputed as above, and exeuire of duty, In 4&d. per owt. Ily authority of Parliament. RH'RY Eox:xxu~ Clerk of the Grooere Compan. Groomr'.hall, Oct. 16.
THr CORN TRADE. CORN EXCEXOANOG MAR.IAsN. Oc,r 0 -. sup-P PW5 wK oX r1a oomn, Valn, O dflour is not quite dO liberal sa of late, but tbAt of foreign wheat and barley lair, ad oAs liberal. and no flour worh notng. Irish oats ae 1i0sery limited_ To-dar tho wrheat trade is rey dull, with a vethry sttendaune of buyers. and to prea ales IL to 2g. reductIn on lat Monday'g prici muBt be submintted to. Barley for fine maltng worth as much money, otherwise dhiffcsilt of sale. There is TMs little dloIng in oats, Jans geeds quite as dear, whle Inferlor sorta are rathutteraper than on Mondis last Jlour tea slow trade, *ud rther obAper ;torfolks 38. Amen.r can barrels no cheapor. Beans ant pes without change. LIVBRPOOL OcT. 23. The arival from Ireland and costwie dinc TuesdaY have been large of oatmeal and faIr of oats, but othenrwia smaiL From foreign ports we have only received 1,83 q n of wheat, 322 nacks, and Z CbarzeJa of llout; b0t t om Canada 6,7SD qu5ttO of wheat, 000 sacks, and 4,115 barrels of flour havo come forward. The exDorts in, the mame time comrise 1,227 quaartr of wheat, 859 quarters Indian n,94 siS 23 endS7? barreh of flour. There hm been Ittle or nothing doZB in the trade durig the peat tvo day and poies, in the absenoe of busines, are quite nominal Tho weather has become unsettled and oold. At this day's market there WU only a snall attendauce of the town and coontry trade, who showed Uttle dispotitfon to make purchases,andeithough wheat and dons wera pvesaed forsale at 2d. per 701b. and 6d. to Is. er barrel and sack under Tneadap's rate, Jlitle huelnees resulteda bne oats malntained their talne, but tnferior were d to 14. per 41b. Ionwer. In oatmeal there wO nob hango In ealie. Batley. beans and peae were eaeh ra her easer to buy, End a sl3v iae. fodlancorn wt n mo derate oeu for feeding, at late ratfs, or about Liw peo quth ter tore from aradz an Odeala, and 6d per quarter more Sor American deliou r and mlxed. MAICaESTEE, Out. 22. ihere has been no ma terial change in the tone oftUhe trade during the week; the tr ansactIons have again been On the most reatricted arals, and prices have continued to exhlbit a drooping tendency, especially for wvheat and flour. At Liverpool the importsl from abroad are liberal of wvheat arid Indian corn, arid fair of beasn and four. From Ireland the sarrasof oatmeal are again large, aed tolerably fair of oats and four. There was about an average attendance at our market this mornina and an extremely langid fealing prevailed. Eaglish wheat wa t; ery limited request, at a reduction of Is. to 25, per qusrter. Of American there woe but little of really 40od quaity offeritg, and secondary aorta ware neglected, although tor snch rather lower terms would have been accepted, There was carcelf anr business patindg in fdoul, and we redone our quotations s. par sack. Oats were a slow sale at ros ous rathe. Oatmeal ws a s. pDe lad lower, bud th a firmer feeling at the decline. Beans were but little nought after, and their value emchanged, BlRltI[fll{(EA., Oor. 22. |At GIlocester and Worcester markets on the 17th theNre wasa n inuteseed anpply otfwhea from the farmers, and the bade ruled dull, at a dedliac of about is. Per qiater. Barley mintained ItU value. Oats rather lower. Beans and peas unaltered, During tbe present week the wlmc reported In wheat are at a reductlon of *boot Is. per quarter. Barley taken In retall at previous rates, and the same remark appUes to beans. New oats offering 6d. Per quarter cheaper, wlthoutfindintbnyers toayextet. rea sellfreely at quite as high prices At Wolverhampton yesterday there ws only a Ilmited quantity of wheat, but lt was again rather chea er. AW tils dayts markvet there a fir suppl of wheat , he3t which sold slowly at a reduction of ls per quarter. Ba3rley rather cheaper. Oatsi m;heoney knnpeats4f:ln3"llyear. DThemiolleslowered the retail pric of flour 3se., per sack. WfAKEFIELD, Out. S3, We continue to receive good supplies of wvheat. The trde stUIl rkole dull, and to-day tha demand is quite of a retail character, nd prioe must be noted, 2g. per guarter lower than last Friday. The general runs of barley meet a dull gale, and are again cheaper: fine sti earo. Beans, oats, and ahdUlng slow sale, and rather lower. Old. Now. Wheat, per qULrter of 8 bushels &OLsB:- a. a s. s. Eeo nSuffolk, and Kent white .. 59 to 63 5S to 63 Red. ..5 4 -f56 52 - 5S Norfolk and Cambridgewhit .. 58 - 61 56 - 60 Reda. 52-64 49-52 Linorolshireandiork"hbrewbtite 5 - 60 48 - 5S Red . .. 52 - 54 43 - 52 Dant7lc and Konipsber .. 5 - 60 56 62 Baltlc and Hamburg red .. 48 - 53 52 - 54 Mediterranean . . .. 14 0- - - Barley, per quarter of 8 bushels Nfolk and Suffolk Imperial .. - - 42 48 Yorkshire and Lincoinslr. , 561b. Der busbel. .. .. .. - 37 -45 8cotch 6 . ... _- 8aalc, Itperlal .. , - - 42 -47 Grinding, 52ilb. per busbel . 34- 5 - - ELY, OcT. 23. The weather hm beon dunp and unsettled this week. At this csrnMarket yesterday there was agood SUpDiy of wbest, most of It being out Of condltion; thseeso qnlles wser S. o .lower thani ast week. he beetsatpleadeclined is.er quarter. There was very little domand for inferior aorta of barley, but the best qualities of malting wver fully as dear as lat week. In beaus there a sight reduction. Oats w ere unalWteed inu, val1uie. east qulie as dear as vlate weeko DS. Pries - 46s. 6GI per 33 stone; oats,Is 1gd.45d ;t°O Is. 3d. per sitone. Ds,{3.t _~ ~ ~~3
THE COTTON 3fABZX. LIVERPOOL OcT. 23 ras a,nv; ye, ,lr5, 45t0; Mose Deriod In 1886. 2557 I~~~I babeal tnw2,0S5,* 28634 talo total thie ,1,932,662 ; ameperiod, baie Se 8toavs.-Thrl day', 121.840; name tpDXIOIi In s8 40io Tbken for Conanptlon.-ThL year, 1,82,7602 ; aame pertod in 185I, 1,801,400 baler Taken on seculation ths y 3..41,314 Same Zn, 1o 411 tock in Uverpoo en.. D o. . ..24,62 Sae in 1855 21. Deraeem of lMOlpr a,cmprdwt he * 2,3 dte last of 1, 247 Inmemeof exprt 1.1755 Decreawe of qua lty takeD fto ooasum,tloon 118,700 Rather a inore buoyant feeling wa hp rent ilnmot parket at the cloee of lads week, but tbia was dec el checked o, Foedty be the furIberadvanceool the sank rate to Sperocent. SInce then the opera, tions have been of the most lmZted kind, and with an ncireaed i Z poeitbon to nell, the market haw asumed a dull and deproreed aDppear ance, with mnuch irregularity in priom, Useful elaasse of AmerIcAu, about middling, are 54. to id. lorer In other rei the depreciatmtoa is even more. Fore Se Islands the demand ha been ratser uimited; prices ame raller lower. Srohe emall tock of iCgyptlau prevents much presnre, Fet the tendency of pricee Is in favour of the buyer. The traneactous In BrazIl, bave been emall, and a decline in anysu Suxas nae ben pesee forsal; prce, avebeenx IrreguaLr. Id. to 670 mercanand2,20 Suat re epotedon epeculatbon, and 260 To~ay hedemndIs tWlImted a4 te as~etwithout chiang fromyeserda. Te sae, re 3000b3&~onehalfepenlaio end export.~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~~~~~~gpclt n '
LONDO.N, SATURDAY, OCTOBER 24, 1857. From the firat outbreak- of the deplorable Mutinies in the East we have performed a duty to the public in placing beforo it the views of men qualiPea by experience and Onrya to enlighlteA their countrymen on so momentous a topic. In discharging this duty we have exercised, as regards political opinion, the strictest impartiality, and have opened our columns to the advocates and representatives of every system which has been devised for the government of India. It has resulted, however, as a necessary consequence from this course of proceeding that our readers have been presented with a dozen different arguments on as many successive days, and that the assertions and deductions of one controversialist have been promptly impugned or discarded by another as zealous, and perhaps as able, as the first. We conceive, therefore, that we are now under some obligation to undertake a e -y more immediately our own, and to assist the -ader in sifting this mass of testimony, so as to obtain, if possible, a residuum of su4i fundamental truth as would be recognized by all. In the eyes of one class of advocates the Sepoys were goaded into rebellion by the distribution of the greased cartridges, following on certain other proceedings similarly calculated to arouse their alarms for their caste. According to this thecry, the native soldier is docile, obedient, and loyal as long as his religious prejudices are respected, but is driven to absolute frenzy by the slightest suspicion, whether groundless or otherwise, of any interference with his creed or its observances. It was a venturesome policy to forbid suttee and infanticide, and to withhold the contributions of Government from idolatrous institutions. Thus far, however, we were perhaps justified in advancing ; but when our authorities actually subscribed to Missionary Societies, when we terminated the penalUies attaching to conversion, and when we proclaimed by edict that Hindoo widows might be re-married, we vitally outraged the sensibilities of Brahminism, and prepared the native mind for the belief that we designed to proceed by some stratagem or other to the utter and final abolition of caste. This is one view of the case. Another representation of the facts attaches only a secondary importance to the irritability of the Hindoos, and portrays them as simple bigots employed like tools by the more subtle and vindictive Mussulman. No doubt, the Hindoos took fire at the thought of pollution, but this thought would never have occurred to them except for the insidious suggestions of Mahomedan intriguers. We superseded the Mahomedan power in India; we dethroned the Great MooGuL ; we subjected his lieutenants to our authority, and we reduced a conquering and dominant race to a position of inferiority and subservience. Hence their undying resentment, their implacable hatred, and their resolute determination to try one more struggle for supremacy. Sometimes this argument is pointed by reference to a very recent transaction-the annexation of Oude, and it is urged that by the extinction of this government we filled tPe cup of the Mahomedais to overflowing, and precipitated their day of insurrection and vengeance. We need not extend oar analysis beyond these two chief classes of opinions. Under one or other of these categories may be ranged, with more or less incidental variation, almost all the daissertations which have appeared in our columns explanatory of the mutinies in India; and what we wish to point out to the reader is, that they one and aU assume that a magazine, as it were, of gunpowder was preserved under our fabric of empire, and proceed to inquire who applied the spark? The explosive mass was represenled by 150,000 native soldiers, armed, organized, disciplined, habituated to deference, and taught to r gard their religion and its prejudices with far more bigotry and touchines than prevailed even among the population generaUy. An ordinary Hindoo might be devoted to Brahminism, but he was never thought prone to revolt. A Sepoy Brahmin was not a Brahmin only,-he was a ready-made mutineer, and all the circumspection and obsequiousness of his masters were perpetually required to prevent him from taking fright, and from turning round on the strength of this panic and murdering those who paid and maintained him. Old Indian rulers thought they had a "traditionary" recipe for keeping him harmless, and they trace his outbreak to the neglect of their policy; others say it was not really our policy at all which did the mischief, but a conspiracy by which that policy was designedly misrepresented. As a matter of course, in casting about for future guarantees the remaedies suggested are drawn from the opinions maintained, auid we are warned either to leave Hindooism untouched, or to cease annexing Mahomedan Principalities to the dominions of British India. One correspondent only has taken a different view of the case, and, instead of troubling himself with security against fire, has boldly inquired, " Wiy keep tle gunpowder ?" Here, indeed, is the question briefly stated. Let the reader observe that if we had not had a native army of 150,000 soldiers in Bengal, uncontrolled by any corresponding contingent of British troops, all our policy of civilization or annexation might have been pursued with the most entire impunity. We might have dethroned the Kings of OU DE long ago; we might long ago have interdicted every infamous or abominable rite, and, if we could not have introduced the new cartridge, we at any rate should not have been punished by mutiny for the error of the attempt. Sparks of all kinds would have been harmless except for the gunpowder. W1hen a man sits upon a barrel of that minxture he is proverbiaUy anxious, but the position has seldom been voluntarily occupied, as it was by ourselves in India. Every argument and every consideration urged by Indians of the old school assume that in India we tread upon gunpowder at every stop we take; every one of these traditions of government points to the necessity of unremitting caution in our actions. Visitors, when admitted to a magazine, are required to cover their shoes with list slippers, to takle off all costs having metal buttons, and to go through a series of observances dictated by the perils of the situation. Exactly after the same fashion did we proceed in India. The Sepoy army-for be it observed that the bugbear was always the Sepoy army, and never the native population-kept us ia a state of peroetual alarm. We could never tell at what moment an explosion might- not take place, and to guard against the danger we disrobed ourselves of half the attributes pertaining to Christians and go. vernors. What made the matter worse was, that we took neither credit nor advantage by our care. The Sepoys discerned our terror, and read in it their own secret of power. They cherished and subtilized a propensity which paid them so well. It was enough to pretend alarm for their caste, and they could do as they pleased. Ours was the sceptre, but theirs the strength. The possession, however, of this strength on their part -was a condition incompatible with anything like secur;ty of government. We believe that no sedulity or care could for ever have prevented an explosion, just as no precautions are sufficient to prevent gunpowder from blowing up now and then. The real error of policy lay in keeping up such a magazine. Our thorough-going correspondent, to whom we have already alluded, affirms energetically that no Sepoy army is needed at all, now that every province of India acknowledges our supremacy; and, even if this conclusion is somewhat too sweeping, it is, we think, clear to demonstration that such an army as we have been maintaining was not valled for ky th1Q position of oug Easer Empire. Admitting that native levies are indispensable, there can be no justification for a dominant Sepoy force-for a force, that is, of armed bigots, so numerous and so powerful as to be superior, when inflamed by any spark of fanati. cism, to any other force upon the spot. It was through this consciousness of streangth that the Sepoys became so formidable. If, instead of 150,000 Sepoys and 18,000 Europeans, we had but kept in Bengal 30,000 British soldiers and some 40,000 or 50,000 native auxiliaries, Mahomedan intrigues and Hindoo panics might have been disregarded together. It was not because Brahminism vwas so sensitive, but because Brahmins could influence an army, that we have been driven to such indignities of policy and fared so ill for our pains. When these conditions have been terminated-as they easily may be-we can pursue our own course without much more concern for any of the bugbears which have beset us through a century of Eastern rule.
We hear that the Calcutta Government complains of the English public feeling in Calcutta as savage and vindictive, as absorbed in a blind and undiscriminating exasperation, as resolving itself into the mere hatred of a dark skin, into a pure unreasoning antipathy to the Hindoo. This, it is said, is very wrong, and not only wrong but foolish and impolitic. As a matter of fact, the natives do not, as a general rule, dislike us or wish ill to us; many of them have, in the very thick of these outrages, rescued Englishmen. It is unjust and ungrateful, then, to speak of all Hindoos as rebels and traitors, but it is impolitic also. We want the services of the natives; we cannot do. without them. Whatevermodification our Government and army may undergo there, the natives are necessary to us. The official link 'which connects the English Government with the people of India must be, to a great extent, of native material. Who is to undertake all the subordinate magistracies and collectorships ? Who is to do the servile work in campaigns, to say nothing of strictly military service ? It is obvious that the English will sink under such labours. How will even the merchant and indigo planter buy or sell without the medium of the Banian, or the Gomashta, or the Dewan? Now, if this is Anglo-Indian public feeling in I the Peninsula, all we can say is, that go far from sympathizing with it, we would heartily join the Calcutta Government in modifying it. If this is a true representation of it Calcutta public feeling is very different from public feeling at home. There is this great difference,-that public opinion here has always made the distinction between a mutiny and a rebellion, between the soldier and the orddnary native. We ourselves have all along expressly maintained thst this has been a military revolt, not a national one. Here there has been no feeling against the Hindoo as such. We do not say this as any matter of moral triumph over our countrymen in the Peninsula. We can easily understand the sort of things that people say on the spot from sheer disgust, horror, melancholy, and temporary despair. Events strike much more strongly on the spot. These Anglo-Indian expressions of feeling are probably rather a vent to outraged humanity, just as ejaculations are to bodily pain, rather than deliberate statements. The first idea which an earthquake inspires is to distrust the very solid globe itself; when the earth has once given way under one's feet, one feels as if one could never rely upon it again; the very beauty of nature appears so much treachery, and under every smiling cornfield and glowing vineyard we suspect a latent volcano. Persons who have been travelling in a train when an accident has happened, even though they have escaped hurt themselves, have felt a certain giving way of an inward railway faith, as if they could never travel again with exactly the same sense of security with which they travelled before. The English in India have naturally some of this feeling. The Peninsula was, to all appearance, quiet, prosperous, satisfied. English influence and English law were gaining ground every day, and the rule of a hundred years ?eemed to have produced as its results an established obedience and a natural loyalty, when the volcano burst, and the Sepoy mutiny disclosed rebellion, barbarity, and revenge lurkdng in Hlindoo hearts. It is natural that under such circumstances the Anglo-Indian should feel his faith iu the Hindoo shaken to its basis, and that he should say to himself, " Well, it's of no use; we have "given them a good Government now for a con"tury, and this is the result." Thei,3 is no wonder that he should for a moment despair, and that despair should speak in accents of indignation. The truth is that this sort of language expresses all sorts of feelings. Its uppermost expressions are those of burning resentment, but this very language of resentment is the vent at the same time to gloom and despondency. We do not lay claim, then, to any moral triumph over Anglo-Indian public feeling, but we must at the same time call attention to this distinction between public feeling in the Peninsula and at home-viz., that we here have never been bitter against the mere native. We have from the first stigmatized the outbreak as a military one-an experiment of wanton ambition, the offspring of all those motives which produce military revolts-rapacity, insolence, ferocity, and passion. But we have let off the native population at large, too easily some have said, who interpreted our consideration for the Hindoo as a mask and a disguise, which we wished to throw over the Indian outbreak itself, to conceal its importance and its depth. But, though we would caution our countrymen in India against an undiscriminating exasperation, which would involve mutineer and ordinary native in the same guilt, we do not go along with the Calcutta Government in its absurd attempts to hamper the military commanders in the execution of justice upon the mutineer. It is very easy for half-a, dozen civilians in a room to draw up a set of instructions, no single one of which will be open to objection, and yet the general effect of which will be to hamper military justice. To issue such a set of instructions, having avowedly for their object the mitigation and diminution of punishment, is at any rate to tell our Brigadiers beforehand that we suspect them; that we think them savage, hard, unfeeling men, who, if left to themselves, wiU massacre everybody they meet, and overrun the whole country with fire and sword. Fancy an English General, who has had the example of brave, noble, and benevolent chiefs of the service before his eyes ever since hisboyhood, being told exactly how he isto proceed, andeautioned at every step against punishina innocent men. " Do "not kill everybody you see; if a man has "simply fed turkeys, or carved satinwood, or "ornamented slippers, or broidered saddles for "the last year, he is not to be hanged; if you come to a perfectly inoffensive village which it "can be proved for certain has done no English" man any harm, which has done nothing for the " last six months but grow rice, or tobacco, or cotton, " or Indian wheat, do not burn it to ashes, andu "put all its inhabitants, men, women, and sucking "infants, to the sword." Did the instructions siniply amount to this, their very unmeaningen would bamper ourcommauders, because they would naturally suppose that the Goverunment regarded them as savage men, and would therefore weigh every act of severity wvhich they had to perform in a rigid and a suspicious bala,nce. Gemerals rho are not trusted by a Government act -unader a die- advantage. How much better, when armed rebellion and outrage have put a country under military law,-when ordinary civil justice is for the time necemarily iupended, and British rule must use extraordinary means for its vindication, -to trust your military commanders. What particular use for issuing cautions and anticipating cruelties ? Are English Generals made of such unfeeling stuff ? Is that their character in history ? I Are they rough, uneducated men, too, who know nothing about public opinion at home, and how strongly we feel here against unnecessary barbarities and undiscriminating vengeance? Our Generals in India are, we fancy, fully up to this home standard; they have no wish to violate it; they naturally want to stand well with the public when they come back here to enjoy their hard-earned laurels. It is not likely that they would deliberately tarnish their good name by ferocious and bloodthirsty acts. They have nothing to gain and everything to lose by such tactics. Shall we be told of what the 10th at Dinapore has just done ? This is nothing to the purpose. We know that the English common soldier wiU behave at times with a wild justice, especially when he has heard that the women and children of another British regiment have been massacred, after experiencing cruel indignity and torture. But we are talking now of our Generals. They are the persons whom these instructions are meant to influence; and we submit that they do not want these instructions, and know perfectly well how to execute military justice soberly, temperately, and judiciously witlhout them. When a country falls naturally under military law, leave it to the action of that law. Military justice is not necessarily bad because it is not civil justice. It may be exercised with as much forbearance, in proportion to the circumstances with which it has to deal, as civil justice can be. Our Generals will not be able, perhaps, to check all brutality in their soldiers; who can stop the passion of an army in its very triumph, when, inflamed by wrong, it enters at last the devoted city? There is a terrible force in the swing of events, when, after the long whizzing circuit, it comes to its cimax. But our Generals wil, we apprehend, do what they can, and do what English Generals always have done, to suppress as far as posaible all that deserves the name of cruelty.
During the year 1856 ten lives upon an average were lost every week by wrecks and casualties at sea, within sight, as it mey be said, of these shores. As this loss, however, is very considerably less, notwithstanding the increase in our shipping, than was usually experienced but a few years back, we should not perhaps bespeak any special notice of the circumstances were it not for one or two of the features which characterize the return, andwhich appear to us of sufficient importance to be impressed upon the public mind. It seems placed beyond a doubt, by the statistics which we have recently publlished, both that a large proportion of shipwrecks rstill arise from proventible causes, and that the loss of life may be still further reduced by the energies and benevolence of the public. The ordinary conceptions of a shipwreck usuaUy involve the idea of a tempest or a hurricane, with all the appaling accessories of thunder, lightning, surge, and foam. Such a picture was given the other day in the terrible story of the Central America steamer, and such, no doubt, is the scene occasionally presented nearer home. But the "wreckr" to which we now invite attention are of a far more vulgar, though not less shocking character. In many-we are assured in most-of the cases which occur in British waters the ship is endangered, not by the visitrtion of GOD, but the recklessness of man. The vessel has put to sea in an unseaworthy state, or she isi badly found, or badly handled, or bacly commanded. The consequence is that she runs aground, or catches fire, or is obliged to be abandoned, or founders outright, and the escape of her crew depends upon the chances of relief providentially afforded. The elements really appear to play but a subordinate part in the aggregate of catastrophes. The entire number of casualties in the year referred to was 1,153, and of these only 121 took place during weather which in nautical estimate would amount to a storm. As many as 19 actuaUy occurred in a dead calm, 58 in a " light" breeze, 49 in a "gentle" breeze, 98 in a " moderate" breeze, and 154 in a " fresh" breeze; while only 492 happened during any of those atmospheric conditions by which sailors classify the successive developments of " a gale." On turning to another table of the statistics in question we soon discover why so little account need be taken of the weather. Excluding the results of collisions, 368 ships were totally lost, in addition to a still greater number damaged, during the period under review, and of these examples upwards of 200 can be referred to causes directly connected either with the worthlessness of the vessel or the incompetence of her crew. We give the precise figures, because figures alone in such matters can convey an adequate notion of facts, and the reader will 'oe amazed, we think, when we say that 17 ships out of the 368 were abandoned, and 37 went right to the bottom, simply and purely because they were unseaworthy, or, in other words, ought never to have been sent to sea. Defective compasses and defective charts again come in for their share in the account, and the rest of the tale is made up of errors, neglects, and carelessness in their several forms. "Stress of weather" in aU its shapes can only be charged with 148 of the eatastrophes, but it is rather an encouraging feature in the case that intemperance does not figure conspicuously in the work of mischief. Two only out of the mass of disasters are set down to this source. The facts above stated carry quite evidence enough of the proposition with which we commenced, and prove beyond question that a large proportion of the shipwrecks on tbese coasts admits of prevention. Even those which are directly attributed to the fury of the weather might possibly have been in some instances escaped with better vessels or better seamanship; and it is painful in the extreme to reflect that, with a state of things like this, men should be exposed to the penalty of imprisonment for refusing to proceed to sea in ships probably unseaworthy. As owners can be protected by insuranice there is no self-interest at work to keep them in a proper course, aud the temptation to continue worthless vessels in use is constantly operating. We are told of a certain schooner so rotten that her own anchor positively pulled her bows out; and that such tbings are likely to happen under such arrangements is sufficiently plain. It has been even inferred from the declared rate of mortality among ships that some of them must be kept alive and afloat beyond their appointed time. Out of 33,000 vessels and upwards known to be existing in a particular year it is said that only 129 were broken up. Whether that number is below the proportion due to the natural infirmities of a ship is more than we can pretend to decide, but as a general principle it appears to us clear that if the insurance system destroys the precautionary motives which would otherwise be at work the law should in some manner step in, aud do as much for life as is already dose for property. The cther feature most noticeable in tho accoemts before us is of a more pleasing kir. A system of lifeboat establishments is maintained to such effect on the coasts of these islauds that its instrumentality is exoeedingly conspicuous in the table of lives happily preserved. It must be understood that casualties specified in the precding paragraphs placed actually in danger no fewer than 2,764 souls; indeed, excepting for succour of some kind, those figures would have represented the loss' of life from shipwreck during a single year, and in our own seas only. In the greater number of instances escape, of course, has been due to the small craft of various kinds plying about, or to the boats of the sinking vessel itself, but lifeboats alone saved 362 lives in the 12 months, and the apparatus of mortars, rockets, &-c., employed from the shore as many as 262 more. Perhaps it is not too much to conclude that where the agency of the lifeboat proved thus serviceable no other agency would have succeeded, and certainly there is none on which so much reliance can be placed in the most perilous class of emergencies. Harbours of refuge may do much, but they must be far apart, whereas a Efeboat establishment can be formed i on almost any point of the coast, and is! sure to find the immediate support of activelj and daring seamen. The only impediment I to the multiplication of these establishments I is a very surmountable one-the want of money, and the Royal National Lifeboat Institution-a society which has benevolently charged itself with I this good work-appears certainly deserving of I public support. There seems, indeed, hardly any! limit to the reduction which may be accomplished i in these annual disasters by the exetcise of vigilance beforehand and the provision of succour at all times. Nearly two-thirds of the catastrophes as classified above ought to be eliminated from the list if all vessels were sent to sea in' good condition, well found and well manned. Of tl e rest, or those due to the violence of storms, many could probably be robbed of their fatality if a lifeboat were at hand for rescue, and there is surely nothing in either of these requirements which should be beyond the means of the richest nation and the greatest maritime Power in the world.
COUBT CIBCULAR. WINDSOR, OcT. 23. His Royal Highness the Duke of Cambridge, attended by Lord Bnrghersh, arrived yesterday afternoon on a visit to Her Majesty. The Earl and Countess of Clarendon and Lady Conatance ViUiers also arived at the Castle. Her Royal Highness the Duchess of Rent, attended by Lady Augusta Bruce, and the visitors staying in the Castle dined with Her Majesty in the evening. The band of the Royal Horse Guards played during dinner,- Oveture .Glnok. Grand Selection .. .. .. .. .. .. VerdL Valse-Peterhoff. GungL Descriptive Tautase, Preemersberg, In far parts- The Chs-3cThe Dsnce-The Storm-The Prayer Honnerman. Her Majesty's private band afterwards performed the following compoestions Overture-" Le s}d" .Thcs.n Qnartett (Op. 18)-A1Ie&ra, Adag2o, 2 *iollin, vlola0 and vlolonoello-Memsm Remenyl, Day, Vogae, and Sbsroder .Beethoven. The Queen, accompanied by the Prince of Wales and Prince Alfred, rode out on horseb.ck this morning. attended by the Hon. Horatia Stopford, Major-General Bouverie, and Mr. Gibbs. His Royal Highness the Prince Consort, with the Duke of Cambridge, went out shooting. The Right Hon. Sir Charles Wood left Windsor in the forenoon. Sir William Ouseley was presented to Her Majesty at an audience by the Earl of Clarendon, previous to his departure on a special nission to Central America. The Lord ChanceUor will receive the Judges and Queen's Counsel on Monday, the 2d of November, at his lordship's residence in IJpper Brook-street a2t 12 o'clock. Despatches were sent from the Colonial-office to Corfu, in charge of Count Baptiste Metaxa. Despatches were sent yesterda2y to the Governors of the North A merican Provinces, a,nd to the Colonies on the West Coast of Africa. Despatches were received yesterday at the ColonIal-offtce from the Governors of Ceylon, the Mauritius, and Malta.
The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the half of a banknote for 101. on account of income-tax from " O. P. Q." METROPOLITAN BOARD OF Wonxs.-Yesterday this board held a meeting in the Council-chamber, Guildhail, forthe transaction of business within its province, Mr. Thwaites, the chairman, presiding. The cash account contained in the paper of busmess stated that the balance in the hands of the treasurer of the board on the 19th inst. was 9,2561. lls. 6d., and, deducting 7381. 5s. Id., the ataount of checks drawn but not presented, the available balance on the general current account of the board was 8.5181. 6s. 5d. The amount of the deposit account was 40,0001., and i the balances on "special accounts," including the | Southwark and Westminster communication, 9001.; Covent-garden approach, 9001.; and Finsbury-park. 4761 5s. 6d., were in the aggregate 2,2761. 5s. 6d., naking I the total general balance now in the hands of the treasurer 50,7941. lls. lid. A deputation, introduced by Mr. Alderman Humphery, from vestrymen and inhabitants of St. Olave, Southwark, and headed by hlr. T. Walker, attended and presented a memorial relative to the proposed new street in Southwark, in the direction of Westminster. bridge, for relieving the traffic on London-bridge and facilitating the communication between the Borough and i the western parts of the metropolis. The memorialists strongly objected in the public interest to the commencement of the street at the Town-hall, Southwark, as now contemplated, and suggested that it should start instead from a point not lower than the corner of York-street, by which they contended the traffic would be much more effectually relieved and accommodated than by the proposed route. The memor! al, on the motion of Mr. Alderman lIumphery, was referred to the Works Committee, and the deputation withdrew. Mr. Tnrner then brought up the report of the Works and Improvements Committee, touching a suggestion for Improving and dedi- | cating to the public the whole or some considerable part of the triangular piece of vacant ground at the soath-east corner of St. Paul's Churchyard. The report stated that the commit'ee having considered a renort of the Special Revenue Committee on the Finances of the Corporation of the city of London, togetFer with certain information communicasted to them verbaUy by Mr. Lowman Taylor on the same subject, and being satisfied that the committee were correct in the opinion expressed by them in a former report, that it was no intended by the corporation to raise their proportion of the cost of the contemplated improvement by any rate or impost within the city, but that the same would be defrayed entirely ont of the property of the corporation, which property was saficient to meet the full amount of such cost, the committee adhered to the conclusion come to in their former report -viz., that they could not recommend the Board to contribute any portion of the purchase-money of the land in question. A motion of Mr. Tarner for the adoption of the report gave rise to an animated discussion, in which Mr. Leslie, hMr. Deputy Harrison, Mr. D'Iffanger, Mr. Wright, Mr. Lowman Taylor, and Mr. Doultoa took part, the result being that an amendment moved by Mr. Palmer for the appointment of a committee of the Board to confer with the Improvements Committee of the Corporation on the desirabilty of preserving the ground in qyestion as an open site, on the understanding that the Board would not oontribute more than onethird of the cost, was lost on a division, and the original motion carried. Mr. Moreland presented plans and an estimate of the expense of enlarging and widening the existing traffic acaommodation from Shoreditch and the Eastern Counties Railway to the western parts of London, and, of " an extension line to the City, Pentonvoe, Iuston and Now roads, thereby connecting the docks aud approaches to the whole of the railway termini north of the Thames by one grand thoroughfare." They were referred to the Works and Improvements Committee, and after the transaction of eome routine buAsiness the Board adjourned, SOUTHAMIPTON, Friday.-The screw steamship Teutonia, Captain L. Geede, arrived this morning from Hamburg, and sails hence to-morrovw evening, with a large cargo and several passengers for Lisbon and the BrazDs. The brig Gefjou, Bechen, belongingtoChrlstlansund, bound from Santos for Altona, with a cargo of coffee, put in here to-day to repair damages sustained in a 4ollision. At U1 o'clock on Wednesday night, about 12 miles from the Owers, she was in collision with the brig Rowley, Elhott, of Shields,7 bound for Algiers, laden with coals. The captain and crew of the latter ship were saved by the Gefjou, and have been brought to this port. They have lost everything they had on board, as they had but jest time to save themselves; th. water was maki a clean breach through the forecastle when they got on board the Gefjou, and the Rowley sank almost immediately the vessels cleared each other. LATE DBLIvEr y OF LEITSrS.-Yesterday awming the delivery of General Post letters wasdelayed upwards of an hour beyond the usual timo. Immediately atter the despatch of the letter-carriers, however, Mr. Bokenham, the controller, canaed a notice to the folowing effect to be posted in the vestibale of the office in St. Martin's-be-Grand :-" Tho reason of the late delivery of letters this morning was the detextion of the mall bags brought by the London and North-Western Railvay.-General Post office, October 23, 1St4 Controller's Department." This notice was published in order to prevent unnecessary inquiries at the "IUndsli'verod Depart- moent." A MIODERN " INCA_T A TION"-James flexderson alias Bailey, was yesterday comnittod by the, Livernoot magistrates to gaol for three months, charged with fortunetelling. Among his papers was found the folowirg "incantntion":- *-1 do Coninre, coimiraIn, s'nre, and command roasririts Ar,aD ADnsa Aar3ar in thc namen or tbe Father, and ot the Son aet on ttb holy dost, ho AI;'ha and Omeca, tte Beelnuleg ea4 the itn', 'W ptbo ,tLene r,,snrrvetia, eTld br him who shall came to jiu4ge tt'jqaiok andtbsdtea4l. sud thee wan1d bny! dro an byth causeltreartrctleu . tou ;es tnt ". an't v bo tijol. tono wro.di cc quexu. tbe td'. (th.r iou iua~tEe omo whostol ta go:s hiquetoiont4g iiXc 5.lluc.'~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. _ (Bzy BUB.xARr AxD &IIT8nH TZLUGRAPH.) CHANGE OF MINISTRY IN TURKEY. We have received the following telegram from our Vienna correspondent:- " VIENNA, FRIDAY, OCT. 23, NOON. " Advices from Contntinople of tne 23d inst. announce a change of MiuiBtry. " Redschid Pasha is appointed Grand Vizier. "CC Aa Pasha remains Minister of Foreign Affair. " The Sultan's brother-in-law is appointed Master of the Ordnance." AMERIA. (BY OEToIC AND INENATIONAL TZELGrAPH.) (FROM OUR OWN CORP PONDlENT.) LIVERPOOL, FRn.DAy, Ocr. 23. The agent of the New York Associated Press has received by the Antelope a telegrapbic despatch from New York to the evening of the 12th; it is to the following effect:- The Atlantic arrived out on the morning of the 12th; it is therefore probable she will return on the 14th. Financial affairs were worse; Western Canal flour, ,4per barreL The Indiana would probably leave St. John's for Southampton on the 13th. (FROM OUR OWN CORRMPON-DNT.) BOtTHAMEPTON, FRIDAY, MrDNIGHT. The screw steamer Indiana, Captain Baker, has arrived at Cowes from New York, and proceeds on to London. All well on board. She left New York on the 30th uit., and has been detained by adverse winds.
DRBADFUL SHIP WRECKS. (FROM OUR CORRZSPONDENT AT NORW1CH-1 (BY ELEOTRIC TELEGRAPH.) NORWICH, F1IOAY, OCT. 23. At an early hour this morning the Ontario, of Shields, a full-rigged vessel of 700 or 800 tons, strack on the Barber Sands, off Great Yarmouth, and becme a total wrock. The mate was picked up by the Castor beachmen. It Is bellevod that he Is the only gurvivor, and that the captain, hix wife, and 22 other persons were drowned, It is also reported that another vessel went down during the gale which prevailed on Thursday night, with all hands lost.
TRE INDIAN BELIBF FUND. The following despatch froma Her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at Hamburg has been transmitted by the Earl of Clarendon to the Lord Wayor - "Elambrg, Oct. 17. "My Lord,-I have the honoar to aclnowledge the receipt of your Lordship's despatch No. 13, of the 29th of September, the contents of which I communicated to some of the leading members of the committee here for the relief of sufferers by the Indian mutiny, and with which approval of their efforts they were highly pleased; and I have now to state that the subscriptions towards this fund have nearly reached the sum of 1,000D. In addition to these donations contributed from all classes of the Hamburg comnunity, I am informed by Syndic Merck that the Senate have instruacted Mr. Rcker, their Minister resident at the Court of St. James's, to pay the sum of 5001. to the Lord Mayor of London as the contribution of the Governnent of Hamburg towards the Indian fand. " The committee announce the close of the subscriptions on the 31st of this month; and in conversing with some of the most influential and wealthy Hamburg merchants, Messrs. Schroder, Merck, and Godeffroy, they stated to me that they had only announced that subscriptions would be received, but that they had abstained from soliciting for them, wishing to afford to the inhabitnts of Hamburg an opportunity of testifying their sympathy with the efforts to promote civilization and well-regulated government in India of the people of Great Britain, with whom they have so long and so closely been connected by ties of friendship and mutual interest. I have the honour to be, your obedient servant, " G. LLO'fD HODGES. "The Earl of Clarendon." BRIGHTON. In the course of his speech at a large meeting of the Protestant Association yesterday evening Mr. Paul Foskett, the chairman of the society, spoke as follows --" It is true the picture I have attempted to draw is a dark one. England is thoroughly hated by Popery in every part of the world on account of her Protestant reformed faith-hated, I say, by Popery; not universally by Roman Catholics, for there are, happily, men in almost every country in Purope who have goodwill towards us. Bat the 'IMystery of Iniquity' hates with a deadly, unrelenting hatred ber widelyspread Bible, personal freedom, and civil liberties. (CheersZ) The increase, which is uneeniable, of disguised and undisguised Popery, joined as it nowr is by absolutism on the continent, forms a dark future. Yet it is not without light. The impro red tone of the pablc press in this coantry is very cheerIng. I spea this of the press generally-not of the Sepoy press of the Ultramontanists. To 27he Tinm in a special manner our obligations are due. (Cheers.) I referred on a former occason to the leading articles preceding the Day of Humiliation and on that day. I prefer those ar'Icles to any of the sermons which were delivered. (Hear, hear.) The articles in that great organ of public opinion are national and patriotic, and I view as a token for good its advoeacy of the diffasion of the Gospel in India and other depandencies of the British Crown. T7e Times says- "Tho East India CoirDany (for tbere wes a Cempany in those days) steadily mis the Intaslon of ChristanIlty, sep by step, Into their unbailowed soiL Thbpy fousht hard first against the aseminaion of misdonariet, tben against regular chap. lan3, then against a bihboD: and when Door Bishop 5Iddletoa went at lat he landed, lived, woiked, and died under a constant unselentitg iprotest by the authorities, wbo were determined to show the natives that they had nothing to do with him. The pro sent poultoa of a blsbop in India, such it 4s we owe to the grenabiUties and singularly engagig quslties of Eeber. The t'miidityt complaIned of is censtltutional, besinning wtlt the infancy of the Company. The best comment ox it is th routtny of the wbole Bengal arm on acaste plea. Wha avail our precautions? To stiHeaT ens ent doctrines and to shut up good tidings intended fer the whole worldisbadenough. Butit has beendneinvain. Thesinuhasbeen committed without obtaining Its reward. ror anything it has cot it might ea weil have been Christian." I (continued the speak-er) detest flattery, but I am bound to bear testimony to those admirable sentiments. (Hear.) The French journals, like the Dhcij, an article of vwhich ls re ferred to in Thc Times of this day, may attack that journal for its nationa2. faithfulness, buS e Times may rest assured it has the cordial rpport of all classes of the British people, (Loud cheers.) WOKINGHAM. A meeting has been held here in aid of the Indian Relief Fund, Mr. Alderman Dalley in the chair. The meeting, although not numerously, was respectably a;tended, and among those presentwere the Rev. Thomas Morres. Messrs John Heelas, J. L. Roberts, W. W. Wheeler, T. Cooke, the Rev. C. Harcourt, and others. It was resolved to raise a subscription in aid of the sufferers, and a committee ws appointed to collect from bouse to house. The sum of 50C has already been collected in the towrn and remitted to the Lord Mayor. DONCASTER. Up to yesterday the collections made In Doncaster and the neighbourhood on behalf of the fund amounted to upwards of 1,1001. Among the principal contributions are Sir J. W. Copley, Sprotboroug hall, 100.; and Air J Brown, Rossington, 1p h 1 d WELLS. The Mayor has remitted to the Lord Mayor of Loudon 4491. 2s. 2d, and there will probably be some further sums received. EDINBURGIL In addition to the sum of 10,2411 s. fid., received by the Eddinburgh committee on Taesday, a committee of the Gene. ral Assembly of the Church of Scotland has advertised contributions from 390 congregations of that church, made on the Fast-day, and amounting to 2,7881. 16e. 9d. The Assembly's oommittee have made a remittance of 2,56 to the London committee, and have instructed inquiry to be made whether it be contemplated to grant relef to the widows and orphans of the soldiers or sailors who may fall in action, or oZherwise lose their lives in the service, and strongly to represent the Becessity of makkgprovision for that class of claimants. Among the recent ontributions to tlis fund there are a few that ar. of a kind to render suitable a special notice. The officers and crew of 19 of Her Ma*estv's sh}ps have set a noble exarmple to the servioe by contributisg the samof 4791. 18 sd 2d The East and Went hIdia aed the St. Katherina's Dockcempanieshaveprewentedliberaldonatlons and soze of the most eminent shipbuilders and shin owners are adopting the same courpe. Messrs. Green, Smitg, Someae andWygr&m, each conrtibuted 100 guineas ts tk Fuuz5 THE FATAL1 BOIER EXPLOsOg AT 1 .lVy rx01:t Yesterday (Thursday) the Liverpool borough corexk held an inquest on the body of George Golding, ans engieer who was kdlledaby the bursting of a boUier at, thoRegent. street Corn-mills on Tuesday night. The evidenc. went to show that the boiler, a three years old ons% was in gcod con. ditio at the time of the accident, whick was canaed by a sudden supply of cold water being added when ihe boiler itself was nearly empty. The deceased was al80oan liquor at ioe time. The jury returned a Yerdict to the eiot that tho death of Golding wras causedc by his own 1&peq
-THE RIGHT Hf OZ. W. S. GLAJTON, . 'Yesterday seventeen years had passed since the foun. datlon of the Liverpool Collegiate Institution wcs laido *nd 1.4 years had elapeed since thLe opening of the schools, The Rev. Mr. Howson, the highly gifted and much respected Principal, availedhimself of the opportunity to toUow the example of the great public schools of the econatry, and set a day apart as a "Founders' day." At hlf.past 11 the whole of the boys from the thlxee schools met the governors and several of the founders In ,the great ball. Among those present on the platform 'were-the Right Hon. 'W. E, Gladstone, M. P., Mr Xrown, M.P.; Xevs. D. M'Nele, Archdeacon Joxes, D. -Hirsch, Cowan, Anderson, Dr. ,aylee, Principal, R. P. Liton (Divinity Lecturer), and H. G. Vernon (chaplain of -St. Aidan's College), H. Jones, Barry, John Stewart, Appleton, Lawrence, Denny, and Dr. Hillcoat; Alderman Vcoomer, Mr. M. Gregson, Mr. Josias Booker, the Rev. C . vnderwood, of the upper school; Rev. J. Cox, head -uaster of the middle school; and Mr. J. Michod, head aster of the lower school; also the stucdents of St. Aidan's UCollege, of which institution the ltev. J. S. .Howson is one of the council. The Rev. Mr. Howsoy (Principal) took the chair, and, rafter a hymn hr.d been sung, addressed the meeting. Mr. GWLDSTO1;E, on rlsing, was received wvith loud cheers tHe sald,-Mr. Principal and gentlemen, and-I scarcely 'now how to address you, the principal portion of my andience; I cannot call you fellow-townsmen, for you are not i verpool men yet, and I am hardly a Liverpool man, bat I was what you now are-a Liverpool boy, and therefore, if .ou ,will allow me, I will call you feloow-townboys *(Cheers.) And I assure you cordially that that name is no .more than a faithful and significant sign of the interest that I earnestly feel in your welfare, and of the satisfaction and pleasure wh5jh it gives me to come among you, and to witness the results o; the devoted labours of those who are em*ployed in giving yon instruction. (Loud cheering.) I have -hut little to 8ay to you, for the limitation of my own time is, ,in point of faut, your surest security that I should uot unduly -trespas on your patience. But my first duty is to congratulate you, Sir, on what we have seen here to-day. There ii no situation of life more honourable-none more arduous than such a situation as you f1il, and none, I will confidently say, -which gives to those who perform it a stronger claim upon the sympathy and support of the community; because, -although your labours are not unrewarded substantially yet they are labours which severely task the energies both of mind and body, and they ate laboura of wbich the re 'ward, substantial as it is, is one little appreciated by vulgar mninds. I trust, Sir, you wiU always continuo to receive that which, after the favour of the Almighty and the approval of your own consclence,which I have no doabt you most value in heart-the reward of a future distinctionbuit above al the gratitude and affection of your boys. And certain I am, from the sight I have seen, that the relation which subsists between them and their teachers is nor founded on those vulgar and false ideas which schools of a -certain fashion once brought, unhappily, into vogue; but they are the relation of paternal care and love and confidence of the admiration and affection of the boys. (" Hear, heai," and cheers.) You have reminlded us to-day, Sir, of tbhe youthfulness of this institution. I think you said the schools were opened in the year 1S43-that is to say,they ard 14 years old, or, in other words, I belleve they have come to the years of diseretion; and if what I have seen to-day be the results which they have produced in the early state of their minority, they are such as, I think, augur well for the future. (Cheers.) It is true, undoubtedly, that you have nbut little of the stores of classical lore in which the Universities abound ; but you have, I hope, In your Principal a representative of the great institution to which he belongs, and he has, I trust, before him a long career of constantlf increasing and accumulating honour, ripe manhood, -answerable to the vigorous youth of the college over which yoRt have presided, and then a green old age, such as is the happy lot of many sinilarly eagaged in this favoured country-that green old age oW which it is the double characteristic to have attained to full maturity of wisdom, but to have lost nothing of prinuitlve and original vigour. Now, Sir, I am ashamed to venture even a single remark on the subject of edu.cation, which you have handled so ahly and so wisely in the disconrse we have heard from you. But one word I will venture to say, for it is no more than Just to you, considering I have taken the liberty of -cominig among you to-day. I do not enter into the question which you have opened that most important question between what is calledi the public-school system of England and the schools conducted upon the basis of this great institution, which do not, as a general rule, imply the necessity of removal of boys from under the parental roof{; but I think we can all feel that the differences of the institutions are admirably suiited to differences in character, -and that beth the schools that are founded on what you Ferm the public-school system, and likewise the college of the nature of that over which you preside, rnay find armple .and abundant scope in educating the youth of England, may each of them by its own proper functions satisfy a want which it would he impossible for either of them to satisfy i they stood alone. I have no doubt, Sir, that you borrow largely from those ancient aud venerable institutions the sacred fire, if so I might caU -it, that has so long burnt upun your altars; nor have I any more doubt, on the other side, that those institutions have much to learn from you, and that they likewise Maill learn it; that, through the medium of your career and experienco in an inbtitution like this, they will practically anid experimentally learn tbe nature and direction of the changes and extensions that they inust make in their systelmt, and how vand wheln to apply thoee changes. And if it be the charaoteristic of change in the educational establishients of this country that it is ordinarily slow, yet -we are.fully entitled, on the otberhand, to say that it has been almost inv&riably sure and safe, and that the best of that sureness and safety is that we never perceive a disposition to recede from that ground wbich has once been madeno unwise and hasty adaptation of experiments an abandonment of which, after they havo been adopted, would entirely s-hake the confidence of the youth of this country in their te:chers in the institutions wbere they are receiving their education. (Cheers.) I great:y rejoice to think of the manner in which, in the schools of this country, the uuion of an azncient classical training with those mniportant accomplishments which are demanded by the specific events of tho age, and by the various classes of the community, is carried out. I cordially rejoice that the dispositiorn to adopt these extensions is now felt-and I will venture to speak mlore confidently of the institutions with which I have the bonour of being most intimately connected-in the University of Oxford, and 1 believe also in the University of Cambrildge, and they will, witL no reluctant and no laggard band, be found co-operating with you, and lending you all that is within their power of support and assistance; view. ing you, not as antagonists, not as rivals, but as co-operators and friendq in the great work in which you are so well engaged. (Cheers.) And fronm what we have seen and beard to-day I am. conviniced, if I needed to bh coivinced, that the mode of teaching here pursued as not pursued as an object of ambition to the master -not as a mere means of making daily bread-not with the mere view of attaining temporary popularity, but under the deep conviction that life is a serious and earnest ruatter; that the daily duties to be done by us all, by you v hq are growing up, as well as by us engaged in its labour and its battle-that those daily duties are matters of record before the eternal throne; and that, as it is, there is nothing more miserable thatn the destructioni of a human soul aud its depravation ; and that, on the other hand, nothing in the existence of man is more glorious than the trainting and developing of the humian soul in all its powers and capacities to answer the purpose for which the Almighty has sent us into the world. (Cheers.) Now, -ir, I rejoice to think that this institution will be, as I believe it is, an important means of strengthening the connexion between Liverpool and the ancient universities of the country. I never visit-I frankly own, I never visit this great seat of enterprise and conmaerce without deeply wishing that that connexion could be -trengthened and extended, for if it could, it would bo for -the benetit of both parties. The universities can't afford to loose their hold of places like Liverpool or Manchester; and we,-vcith very great respect I say it,-Liverpool and 3Kanchest-sr, cannot afford, ivithout great detriment, to see the destruction of their connexion with the universities. (Loud chters.) The old universities of the country stand in an altered position, They have no longer a monopoly of learrningaim of the accomplishmentsof civilized life. Many of the umost distingnished men, r^any of the most accomplished nmen, are and will be reared fronuthis time forward, as they have been for several generations, and perhaps in an increasing degree, alart from these ancient universities. At the same tin e I think an im;-artial observer will see that those ancient universities have laid their foundations both broaa aiid deep in the social life of this country, and that for a long period-long, long after the youngest of us has laid his bones in the grave -it wil probably still remain trne that Oxford and Cambridge wiU ibe to our children, as they have been to our forefathers, the great fo'n7'aiu bead of mental cullture-the pattern an,l the utandard after which others who have to follow and hope to do well must be contented to copy (cbeers). We aU know that in cases of this kind everything depends upon this que,tion, How high will you hold your standard? (Hear, hear.) According to the hei-ht of the highest edit eating bIdy will be the recognized }:eight of institutions of this kind. Whatever raises Oixford or Cambridge will raise srh-ols of this description. Whatever lowers Oxford or Cambridge will lowcr tbese also. And if from these To forth the iuost abundant and fertilizing streams for human culture, then, I say, it is an honlour and an ornament, and a benefit to Liverpool tba' by the energies of hMr own citizens has been founded an institution like this, which tends to place the flower of her youth in schools in more vital connexion with those ancient Universities of Oxford and Cambridge. (Cheers ) But, upon the other hand, I trust there are none of us here present who believe that there is a natural or necessary antagorism between the pursuits of commerce and the pursuits of learning. In no period of the world in which civilization has flonrished have thero been wanting cities which have exemplified In a mnost significant manner the felicitous connexion between the pursnits of learning and the enterprising spirit of commerce and trade. There is nothint in the engrossing character of commerce, in its demand upon time, or in its influence upon the mental habits of those ,vagaged in trade, which ought to create a difficulty in 'tbose who pursue it between their love on the one band of relgion and duty, or on the other of that literature and those ennobling pursuits which add somucl}both to s,veeten the cup of life and exalt its natural and rToral tore. (Ilear, jear.) T 'nr. that this influtuce on ft+, jn;ustticus classes 1!l go forth more largely into ti--ce. great and powtzfU centres which cultivate commercial enterprise. We should all Join in the hope that the great Uuiveralties of the land may be found prtically to associate more largely than heretofore with what may be called the tradin]g or middle cladses of the oorntry. I, for my part, partioepate in the satisfaction which, no doubt, you have all felt in seeing these Universities duriug the present year, I ma say at a moment's notice, but in adl heartiess and inaspirSI not to he mistken, offer to place thermselves at the bidig and command of those who, like yourselves, are endeavour. ing to organize a plan whereby education not given in the Universities themselves may, nevertheless, be brought to the test, and may receive the stamp of merit from the authorities connected with the Universitieg. Iheartily wish well to such a scheme. (Cheers.) There is one other subject upon which I would venture to say a word, bocause it is a subject of importance even in LiverpooL I say even in Liverpool, for I don't think there is a place in the country so independent as Liverpool as to the necessity for a demand upon the public service for employment. Such is the march of Liverpool-such the growing extent of its field of commerce -that within a comparatively short period it has quadrupled its population. Such, I say, is the rapid extension of that field that it opens legitimate fields of employment for more bands then can he found available for its services. (Hear, hear.) But, at the same tune, I dare say it willhappen that many among you will be looking to the public servi e; and ceris a hope to sea the entrance into that public service put upon a footing more favourable to honourable education and i than it has been heretofore. It is not atisfactory, Sir, in my mind, that people should go a-begging for public ooffice-in my mnfd public offices should not he considered as favours bestoweed upon individuals, but a3 opportanities for rendering useful, arduous, and honourable services to the country. And if there be opportunity for such useful, arduous, and honourable services, the conferring of these should not be held as a matter of favour from the State. *That which is called patronage may be a curse and plague upon the country; and, upon the whole, I am inclined to think that it is. But in the nature of things you cannot get rid of it altogether. There is indeed but one way in which it could be got rid of. This system of patronage is most rigidly employed in the entrance to the public service, If a man wants to get his son into the army, or into the navy-into any branch of the civil service, even to a landing w3itership in the Customs-it is a matter of political begging, a mlatter of political influence. (Hear, bear.) I say this with preat respect, in presence of a member of Parliament, who, I am sure, has had as little to do v,ith this sort of thing as myself. I may be permitted to hope that the day is coming when the basis of entrance to the public service-I don't now speak of promotion for merit, for that could hardly be left open to competitive examination,-but I trust the day is coming when, as far as reRards entrance into the public service for young men, nearly every office that can be named will be held up in the face of the country as the prize for the best candidate who offers himself to gain it. (Cheers.) It vwll, in my opinion, be a great and happy day, amid all the difficulties that attsnd this subject, if we can see, as I really begin to believe we shall see, these offices offered as the premiums and rewards of honourable exertion to the boys who, bowever they may have distinguished themselves by their talents, character, and conduct at schools, feel that their natural career lies in the direction of rendering service to their country as the holders of public offloes. (Hear, bear.) Now, Sir, I have run out, the limited sand-glass by which I am bound upon this occasion. I should be reluctant, after what you have so well done upon this subject, to detain you any longer. I shall therefore only say that the disJointed remarks which I have laid before you wviliserve-if tbey serve nothing else-as a proof that my interest in this institution is cordial and sincere. I will only say one word more before I conclude, and I will take my text from a name that is at present an honoured name -a name of great popularity in England, and one regarded with interest in every homestead of the land. There still remains in some quarters a vulgar notion that there is a natural antagonism between corporal and menal excellence. I trust that corporal education willU never be for. gotten,-that the pursuits of manly sports will always receive the countenance and encouragement not only of the boys who engage in them, but of the masters who are responsible for the welfare of these boys. There is a great deal of cant abroad that the bookish boy, or the bard-work. ing, studious boy, although very fit to sit and study with hook in hand, is not fit for the practical purposes of life. There is much of that cant abroad, and I would, for the purpose of puttiDg a more liberal system in force in regard to entrance into the public service, read to you an example in point. I have selected from the At1usceum of a few weeks ago, a passage which relates to a man around whose name there is now concentrated more of public interest than about the name of any other man of the day. I mean General Havelock. (Great cheering.) It appears that General Havelock was a Charter-house boy; and the writer in the Athenccum-I am not responsible for the authority-but he states, what is not altogether improbablo, that at school General Haavelock had a nickname, and the nickname was "Old Phlos." There are very good scholars here, no doubt, but I am not quite sure if at a first glance they would understand the term. It appears that "Old Phlos" is an abbreviation, and that vithor t the prefix it means philosrher. The paragraph in the Allseucrun runs thus:-" ' Old S'hloe' is a name which we are sure must be nowr making the hearts of old Carthusians dance with pride and delight. The Charter-house has boasted of snany scholars who have sprung intoeminent zlen; among others, Crashww, the poet; Addison andSteele, the essayists; John Wesley, the religious reformer; and Lord Ellenhorough, the Lord Chief Justice. To the list will surely he dded 'O'ld Phlo.' The pet name will be emembered by Cr^thusiens, whose mcemory can go back some 40 years or more." And wrhat was t,he character at school of this General Havelock who is now distinguishing himself by a temper, a courage, an activity, a zeal, a consistency, and a dogged and dauntless resolution equal at least to that of any man that England has produced during this century? The paragraph in the Athenturn proceeds:-"Tbhey will not have forgotten the gentle and tbhoghtful lad who u.ed to stand looking on while others played, and whose general meditative manner procured for himu the name of ' Philosopher,' subsequently diminished to ' Pho,' and occasionally applied as ' Old Phlos.'" That young and popular philosopher is the soldier at whose name thehearts of Englishmen beat with honestpride. "Old J'hlos " of the Charter-house is Havelock, the hero of Cawnpore. (Great cheorinc.) This is my last word. I conclude by wishing prosperity to this institution-its heads-every one of its pur,uits, and each and every of its departments. (The right hon. gentleman concluded amid loud cheer. The assembly then separated amid renewed cheers for M,r. Gladstone.
LiVErrOOL, Friday.-The screw Steamship Antelope has arrived, with dates from St. John's, Newfoundland, to the 12th inst. Unfortunately she has brought no late I papers. The screw steamship Indiana, bound from New York for Southampton, put into St. John's on the 12th, after being 12 days out. TiIE G ENEJIAL POST-OFFICE AND THE INDIAN FUND. -A subscription from the clorks, sorters, and letter-carriers of the oirculation department of the General Post-office, amounting to 1371. 12g. 8d., has been paid to the committee of the Indian l'elief Fund. This large sum was coUected in the circulation department alone of the General Postofflice, and is a most creditable testimony to the public spirit of this body of civil servants.-CiftU Service Gazelle. OPERA KN SEE UN ITED STATEs.-Amofng the passengers by the Royal Mlail steamship Canada, wbich will sail to-day from Liverpool for Halifax and Boston, is Herr Formes, the faumous bass singer, who goes out oa his first professional engagement in the United States, having been engaged by Mlessrs. Talberg and Ullman to take part in a series of operas and concerts. EXTRAOUDINA RY FRn,uc OF A Cov.-The vicinity of the " Town Clock" and Market-arcade was suddenly startled from the niore than ordinary quiet and propriety it observed on Saturday last, on the occasion of the funeral obseuuies of the late Earl Fitzhardinge, by a singular aud almost=unexampled occurrence in thehistoryof le Witufgras. About 2 o'clock in the afternoon, as a couple of fat cows, belonging to Mr. Bage, butcher, were being driven up the High-street, one of them made a precipitate bolt into the shop of Mr. Witherspoon, draper, next door to the Marketarcade. Mr. AVitherspoon's daughter was behind the counter at the time, and two of the younger children wore at the back part of the shop, which is very narrow. The animal walked deliberately to the further end of the shop, where its progress was arrested by a counter running across, and on which was piled a large quantity of ilannels, sheetings, &c., and behind which was a window looking into the back garden. Finding no other mode of egress, the cow got her fore feet on the counter, and pushing down the articles piled thereon, she took a flying leap through the back window, smashing the lower frame to pieces and breaking down a heavy iron balcony outside, and thence knocking down another Iron fence, she madeher way into the garden, having, as may be supposed, severely injured herself in the extraordinary adventure. The escape of M: . Witherspoon's two children was quite provideutial. One ef them was standing at a small desk where there was but just room for the unwieldy animal to push by, while the other had actually in ber fright crouched down beneath the counter over which the creature scrambled In her frantic efforts to reach the winldow, and, strange to say, both of them escaped injory.-Chetcmnham Examiner. ACIUVlTURAL STATISTICS OF SCOTLAND. -The statistics of aoreage under rotation of crops in Scotland and of farm stock for the year 1857 have just been reported to the Board of Trade by the Highland and Agricultural Society. In Mr. Hall Maxwell's letter to the Board he states that the only point in which the present report differs from that of 1856 is that in Caithness and Orkney tenants rented at from 101. to 201. have been brought within the scope of the Inquiry, so that the rule limiting the inquiry in Highland districts to persons payiDg not less than 20X. of rent operates only in Argyll, Arran, Inverness, Boss, and Sutherland. In addition to ths results reported, he states that there must be included about 220,000 acres ot tilage and 320,000 head of stock estimated in 1854 to be in the hands of small occupants not embraced by the inquiry. The enumerators have been requested to furnish the seoretary with their estimates of produce so soon after the 11th of Nfovember as possible, on receivng which the final report for the year wiU be made up. The tables now published show that the number of occupants in Scotland Included in the inquiry is 43.432, and that the acr2eag under rota,tion of crops is 3,556,672, as against 3,545,191 in the previous year. The following is the acreage re.ported under the different crops:-Wheat, 223,152A; barley 188,3871) ; ca-s, r38,613y; re, 5,9S9h; 'ere, '21,6D7 beans, 31.186; peas, 3,687k; vetches, or tares, 18,418; turnips, 476,6931; potatoes. 139,819; mangolc'., 2,803., carrots, 1,401A; cabbage, 1,704; rape, 2,032i; P1ax, 1,534; turnipseed, 2,576i5; other grain and root t rops, 5-77 j bare or summer fallow, 18,582); grass and hay, under rotstion, 1,459,805^. The table of stock gives 4 he total of all s desCiiptions 8S 6,99,363, as against 7,090 ,384 in the previous year. The classification of stock for. 1857 Is-horaes for agricultural purposes above three yF ,ars old, 126,471; ditto under three years, 34,947; oth' jr horses, 23,991; mileh cows, 3):i912 ; other cattle, 4T5 327; calves, 195,198; shee for breeld0in, n 6 2,j283; sheep .rfeeding, 1,181,782 l:r.ncs, 1,869,103; sotrP, 146.354 ; o st 1 , 1G5,31C00. tota cattle, 974,437; total shqep, ~631S
PANTA. TO THE EDITOPR OF THE TltlIF. Sir,-Permit me to explain, In reference to your leading article of Wednesdayj that the Colnmissioner of Patna was not removed from his offioe for superior vigour and energy, qualities assumed to be hateful to the red-tapists of Calcutta; but for a wild order he gave to his subordinate officers to abandon their several stations, leaving treasury, gaol, and district to their fate, his object being to concentrate the whole strength of the province at Dinapore and Patna after the mutiny at the former place. At this time all was reported to be undisturbed at Ohupra, Muzufferpoor, and Gya; and Chumparan had been reoccupied, and was in a state of renewed tranquillity. The strong disapproval of the Commisioner's order was at once communlcated to him, and the precipitate flight from Muzufferpoor and Gya was especially characterized as scandalous and disgraceful to the British name, because those plaees were not menaced with immediate attack, and Muzufferpoor had a large number of European settlers available near the station, while Gya possessed a European garrison and other means of defence. The needlessness of the order was demonstrated by what took place at the several stations, of which the following is a brief sketch :- At Arrah the mutineers anticipated the order by marching straight to the place. As BMr. Wake has requested that no public use may be made of his statement of the details, the world has yet to learn what was enacted within that slight enclosure, but I can answer for so much. The mutineers tried many ways of overpowering the little garrison, any one of which must have succeeded if it had been carried a degree further. They tried to smoke them out by burning large quantities of chilies (red pepper) to windward; to stink them out by driving Mr. Wake's horses (he had a valuable stud) up to the building and shooting them there; and to blow tlhem out by a mine, which was counternined, and when the ground was afterwards examined hardly a foot of earth was found between. The Silkhs were repeatedly offered 500 rupees (501.) each, besides other advantages, if they would give up the Europeans; biut the faithful and merry fellows, several of whom bore honourable scars which they had received in their wars with us, only called out, "Come a little nearer, we can't hear ;" and when their tempters had been drawn from behind their cover they were saluted with a ashower of bullets. Mr. Wake, knowing that he and his English comrades would be skinned alive i they were taken, arranged with one of them to shoot each other at the same moment, if it came to that. The building was only a billiard room with open arches, wFhich were closed with loose bricks, wvhitewashed, to look like a wall. This is only one amor~g many instances in which the conduct of our countrymen and countrywomen in India has been a spectaele to men and angels. The picture in The Tiimes of yesterday of Colonel Ewart's Christian constancy under circumstances, of all others, the most trying to human nature isa type of anotheAlarge clas of cases. I well remember the impression his thoughtful, well-regulated character made upon me when I knew him at Delhi, about 25 years ago, and he has not belied the promise of his youth. MIr. Alonzo hIurray, the Acting Collector of Gya, after he had gone some miles from the station in obedience to the Commissioner's order, was so ashamed of leaving his post that he determined to disregard the order, and turned back with Mr. Rloll jugs, an assistant in the opium department. He got support, and succeeded in carrying off the treasure-some 70,0001. or 80,0001.-safe to Calcutta by the Grand Trunk Road and the railway. He has been made a full collector as a reward, and his companion has also been promoted. The Judge, Mr. Trotter remonstrated against the Commissioner's order, but it was reiterated in more decided terms. Nothing took place at Gya which would not have occurred anywhere at auy time if all the civil authorities had been suddnely withdrawn. The thieves and robbers of the district and the releas ed convicts plundered the public offices and the houses of the departed Europeans; and those persons who had grudges against their neighbours prepared to take advantage of the opportunity for taking vengeance on them. But all this was arrested by the immediate and stern disavowal of the Commissioners order and the prompt return of the authorities. Muzufferpoor, which was as quiet and unthreatened as Manchester, escaped wonderfully, and the authorities having returned aU went on well. The gaol and treasury guards had done their duty stoutly, and the townspeople had stood on their own defence. There were 1 6 of Holmes's mutinous native troopers in the place, who were too few to have attempted mischief if the civilians had reinained; but when these were ordered away the troopers tried to liberate the prisoners and to plunder the treasury, but were fired upon and driven back by the native guards. They then attempted a little plunder in the town, but were beaten by the townspeople. They then robbed the etables of the vanished civiliansof all their horses, and made cff. 90,0001. was in the treasury, and all remained safe. Chupra was abandoned with somewhat more reason, because it was really threatened by a strong party of Rolmes's Irregular Horse. Still the flight was unnecessarily hastened, and had the Commissioner's order not given an excuse to the timid it is probable that the station would not have been abandoned. There was, however, no outrage and ino plunder at Chupra, owing to the loyalty and spirit of a Mahomedan gentleman well known in those parts, and previously always doubted-a certain Cazee Ramzan Alee. He assumed the command on the departure of the English, kept everything quiet and loyal, and delivered over his charge, prisoners and all, in perfect order to the returned eivilians. He and others who have similarly bebaved will, no doubt, be handsomely rewarded. The time has not yet arrived for judging Her Majesty's representatives in India on a review of all the circumstances under which they were acting; but, meanwhile, it will be apparent from the foregoing narrative that some of thosef*mircumstances have been misunderstood. Sufficient allowance has not been made for the different treatment required by old provinces, which have for several generations been accustomed to yield obedience to law and order, and newly-acquired regions, like the Punjab, where martial law has been, till quite of late years,the habitual state. It may be doubted whether London or Liverpool would have stood the test of the sudden removal of all authority better than Gya, Chupra, and Muzuifferpoor. We are indebted to the Commissioner's ill-judged and fainthearted order for the proofs which these events afford, that, although the inevitable difficulties of governing India by European agency existed in an aggravated degree in the early administration of our older provinces, a well-constituted society has grown up under our care, which deserves to be dealt with in a generous and confiding spirit. I am, &C.. INDOPHILUS. London, Oct. 23.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-It is a satisfactory proof of the general veroity of Englishmen quum -emo mentitur; but " Nemo" in your paper of this morning means a correspondent of 2S Times, and I cannot allow even an anonymous correspondent to misrepresent my words to such a wide circle oL readers, especially as my letter of the 11thl is not in everybedy's hands as a corrective. As any one may see who will refer to yoor paper of Tuesday, I did not state that " r7AIypappa ia an impos. sible Greek word," nor did I enter on the controversy about "telegraph v. telegram, " beyond maldng the remark that Air. Shileto had eaid al that was neoesary. My sole object was to protest aginst the doctrine that -7nXsypciOw was in accordance wlts analogy, aud to expose the abardity of objecting to " telegrAphema because It was derived fro a 72X aypc§w. If I. had not written a Hne that quest',onI -would have been 's at rest by "X" and " G. L. P. R. The instances ad&aed by " Nemo " meely show that )lie is 4ypi,uaroe, ani does not.understand the point at iasse; and the same remnark applies to " A. a," who thougea. that he could rem,dy & eollision between what he caDlj " first class trains" bX sliLuting his own empty truck Jrom the aiding to the line. It is quita time that an end should be put to tb ,es displays f obstinaWe or unconscious ignorance. They will not preveni the continued use of "telegraph" in tw3,7 senses if the I general -iublic are contented with the word. On the other hand, as scholars have survived anthygropE los leggin a and eureka shirts, they will, perhats, be able to controf their emotions, even though some anxious tr aveler should an. nounce that he has telegraimmed for his lost portmanteau. I remain, Sir, your obf Aient serv..nt ± W. DONALDSON. k'amDriage, VGT,. z-1. I ELECTION OF LoRD MACAU Y AS HIGH STEWARD OF CAMBRIDG{E.-At s rOetnp, of the Town.council yestcrdE.f the Right Hont. Baroe4 Mac&ulay was elected High ;Steward of the borough. ID ',he room of the late L-ord FitzwIlflitam. T.he noblelo,-d b4d proviotusy rotifitd Is wWiilir- on-p hQ QTQW.
BXZXRAO.RDL&jY 2.IAZ FOB FPBA VD IAY BEPRKSHIrE. |READING, TaZuDAY. At the Reading 8esdons ysterday a voung man of gentlemanrY appearanee, and sa to be w comncoted, named John Smgleton Copley Hill, described it the calendar as an " accuntant," was Wd befOre the Recorder of the borough, Mr. SeijeantMxmnv1WTxxyX. on an indiotment chargin,, him with haTing, on the 19th 'of JuLne last, eni"eavre to obtain the s:m of 501., by m of false pretences, from Mr. Edward Pole, a grocer, residing at Readmg. The trial involved a question of great commerci importance, and the court waa crowded during the hearhng. Pr. Serjeant Parry and vr. Lawrence appearecd for the proseocution. The dlefendant conducted his own caee, and examined the witnesses in a shrewd and intelligent manner. The defendant ha-ving pleaded "Not Guilty" to the indictment, Mr. Serjeant PAJOSY stated the ease for the proseoatabn. The learned gentleman having expressed his regret that the defendant was unrepresented by counsel, observed that thecae which thejury would have to determine was one of great. commercial importance and interest. The defendant, wvhen taken into custody on the present charge, was clerk to ar, tency houae trading or caiTuyingon bVoane undern -he nam| ofCaster and Co., of No. 13, Old Jewry-chambers, London. Mr. EdwardPole, the imm;&ite proseeutor,wasa respetable tradesman who had carried on the busineds of a grocer in Re ctlng for upwards of three years The agency office in which the defendant was employea was o a somewhat pecliliar character. The firm was called Caster and CD., bdt it represented the " British Coinmercial Agency,' an undertaking whihewas sapportedby many wholesalehousesofthe test respectability in the city o Iondor. Those housesi having many hundred, perhap thousancl of rectai customers, subscribed a sum of from 20 to 25 guineas each per annum to the British Commercial Agency, and in conaideration of that subscription Caster and Co., or the agnec, unlertook to colect, on being authorized so to do, all debts due to their tubecribers, enforce claims, enter into cozpromiaie with insolvent traders and oi fat, transct aO that aind of business which w act sometimes undertaken b acco.ntants, and sometimes by solai tors, in their individual capacity. If the instractions which, he (the learned b Serjea.t) had received were accurate, and he had no reason to doubt it, he thought 1e -hould he able to prove thath the agency, oy the dustre mentality of the defendant, a person of reat intelligence and possessed of an education far beyond that of persons usualy to he found in his position in society, had tenaed materislly to prejudice the credit of Mro. Pole, the prosecutor, and to Injure the pecuniary interests of the clients of Caster and C6., who were, in fact, the British Commercial Agency. Whether the defendant was a partner with Caster and Co. or not the prosecutor had no 1d evidence to prove; hut' as l . Caster was present In court. the defendant could Cal him if he pleased, and thus - endeavour to releve hiimself of some portion of the responsibility of the offence with which he was charged. Having stated the nature of the British Coninerd l Agency, he would now refer to the particular transctions out of which the esent char e arose. On the 16th of June last the defendant Hill 3 adled upon Mr. Pole and represented himself as the clerk of Caster and Co., authorized by them, as the agents of some large wholesale houses in London, to insist upon the payment of certain debts due to them from Pole. It was here neceassay to state that Mr. Pole was in the habit of dealing with Conway and Co., of Mincing-lane, Messrs. Hicks, aylls, and Co., Messrs. Hanson and Co., Messr. Peake Brothers, and others whose names it was not material to mention. Thos firmssupplied Pole with goods,which he retail-ed In Reading and the surrounding districts. On the 16th of June Pole owed but three debts-namely, 451. 12s. f. to Hanson and Co., 1141. 14s. to Hicks, Baylis, and Co., and 171. to Peake, Brothers When Hill entered the shop of Mr. Pole he said he had caled for 451. 12s. 3d. aue to Hanson aud Co. Mr. Pole said "Very well, I wilgive you a check for it," and he gave him the cheek accordingly, drawn upon his bankers in Reading, Messmr. Stephens, Blandy, and Co. While he was in the act of writing the cheek Hill pushed a writ into te bosom of his -waistcoat, and said that he did so in order to cover the expenses. He then idded that be bha an ther demand to nake, for 1141. I1a. duxe to Hicks, Baylis, and Co.; Mr. Ptole expressed his wiingne to give a check for that amount also, when Hill said "There is notuse in your doing that, for to-morrow morning I shall recaeive by post authority to demand of You 8001. due by you to your creditors.". Pole sad this was an extraordinary, cruel, and oppressve proceeding, and that he was quite staledt oa te Intelliaence.Hill then said, "Youe had better let me lock into your'hooks and affairs to see how yo ustand, for I tell you there was a meeting of your cre dtors held yesterday at Caster and Co's. We are authoe rised to act for them, and they intend to wind you up. I havin seim possession notich s of bankrnptcy signed by Conway andCo., Hicks, Baylis, and Co., and it is folly for you to pay a single debt; indeed, I think I have been wrong in taking the cheek you have given me." When the defendant said he had the notic in b=kruptcy he produced a printed paper, saying that it was one of the notices. Mr. Pole did not know ihhat to do under the circumstances, and, as he felt that he was solvent and would be able to collect 3001. or 4001. on a journey then due, he was at a loss to understand the true natuire of Hill,s mission. He ciow that Conway and Co.'s debt was not then due, and that they could not unde bsuch circumstances legally sign a notice of bankruptcy. It then, occurred to him to go to Mr. Neae, his solicitor, and in the presence of Mr. LAw, that gentle- mann ert,hbe detailedl what had passeduin the interview wihoushld Hui,nitu hould he0stated, accompanied Pole to Mr. Neale's office, and on the latter offering to go up to London immediately and see Conway and Co., of whom goods had been purehased to the amount of 1,1001.,nhesaid there would be no use in calling upon them, as he would have all the notices in the morning, and that Conway and Co. would only refer him to Caster and Co. Mr. Law then asked Hil to serve thenotics in bankrdp cy if he had them, and Hill replied,-" I have not got them in my pocket at this moment, hut theyoPre in my porimantean at the hotel." Mr. Neale then ?lecommended Pole to show his hooks to Hill, and an inspection of them took place on the following day. It was then ascertained that the bookcdebts due to Pole would, in rounl numbers, amoant to 1,8001., and Hill proposed o tak e off three-fourths for had debts, and thus to redne the amount to one-fourth; he alo proposed to reduce the stock in hand from 1,2001. to one-half, and to fix the value of the household furniture at 2001. or 3001. This was evidently done with the view of maing the assets as small as possible, so tha 1 the estate should only pay a dividend, instead o 2Hs. ink e pound, and if Pole had agreed to the proposition, not only would he himself have been ruined, but his creditors would have been defrauded. At this Interview Hbill said to Pole, IIIf yoau will give me 501he wille you through for h2s. 6d. in the aound. We Wil divide puatnyson and Co.'s debt which you have already paid me, and I wil return the amount in the statement I willsend up to yoUr creditors in London " Pl he idigatly refued ta list en to suchterms. In theimeantomime he had ntlegraphed to Conway anod Co. in London, and in the course of tbe afternoon a MAr. May, one of the trevellers, came 'down, and then Mr. Pole ascertained that the statements of HMll were whollY false; that no meeting of creditors had taken place at Caster and Co.'s, and that no notice in bankruptcy lad bien signed by Conway and Co. The laterr firm, in fact, were not in a position to proceed by bankruptcy, becauce,although an acceptance of Poles for 4001. was due in a few days (and was paid in due course), there was nothing due to them on the 16th of June for which they could have proceeded. Hickos, Baylis, and Co., on the contrary, were in a position to proceed, but they had not done so. Had it not been for Messs. Conway's firmness in thmi iratter, a r. Pole wouild probably have been ruined, and it would not have been possible for him to bear up against the pressuwe pt upon him. When Mr. May came down, Hill was engaged examining Pole's books,and when the latter gentleaman heard that Hll's statements were wholly devoid of truth he fnatched the paper from himion which he was making out a list of trade creditors,anDd told him that if he did not leave his shop h would kick him out. On the afternoon of the 16th of Jn Mir. Caster met Hill on the platform of the Great Wester I'ailway, at the Reading station. Mr. Caster was then onx his way to Bath. and Hill renorted to him that he had got Hanson and Co.'s money, and that he was waitinig to look into the hooks. He (the learned serjeant) hoped that whatever he might say of Mr. Caster, or of his alleged complicity, would not weigh with the jury against Hill, for. it Hil was an innocent astent, and was only acting upon- in. structions reeceived froin Caster and Co., he hoped-they would acquit him. He feared, howevemr, they would not be able to come to that conclusion, for, although the dofendant might be equally guilty with others, stil he (Mr. Serjosut Parry) thought he should be able to show that hbe well knew that the statements he was making were false, and that they were made with the intention of defrauding the prosecutor. Mr. Edward Pole, the prosecutor, was then 4alled and examined by Mr. LIwM-qnjc.-On the 16th. of Xune, at 10 o'clock In the morning, the defendant came hto rmy shop in Doke-street, Readjng, and s:id he had waited upon me for an account due to Hsnson and Co. I fetahed my checkbook an& was in the aot of lUlng up Fa cheek, when he pushea the copy of a. writ into my waistcoat which he said was to save " our expenses.-} He then sai4 he bad another account-to collect-namely, 11-L 14s., due to Hicks, Baylis, and Co. I told him I would pay that also. He then said he hadsomethiDgworse,becausehewould hava =u- u" -0o mornmg to the amoust of 8001. He also added that a xneetibns of my creditoxs had taken ploe in ^,don at Cpster and t o.'s office on.the day previously, and that my creditors had determinc:4- to " wind me up. ' F, also said tsat lnotices in bankrurkcI had been signad by Conway and Co., and Hicks, Baylis, an- Co. He hel:Ln a p-inted paper, and said it was a nalice in bankruptay, but sad that if Negave it, to me to lcok at it would be served. Ile said that my credit was entib*y gone in Landon; that he had bean sent down witb. fi1 authority *Tom the vhole of my creditors to insrvot my books; and that if I did not allow Mm to do so he would soree me with the notices in bankruptoy. I said I could not um.derstand 3ow Messss. Conway and Co. could baTe been at the meetiag, and he said, " Yezs * Mr. Conway uilU be down today or to-msorrow morning., I said I -wonld not go into the matter farther unles be accompaniad me to my solicstor. He eoasented to accomcanv me. =nd an a-nnintmynn was macue ror i o0clock. When we rr,ot at MUr iNeale's (the solicitor's) the defendsi said that he represented a meeting of my credltors whilohb had talk2n place in London on the prelious day. Ie add6dd that he came from Caster and Co.'s, that he Nvas directed to look into my books, and that if I did not subimit he was to serve me *wiZh notices in bankruptcy. Mr. Neale asked him why he had comac down without any notice, and he said it was to preventy - "cooking the accounts." Mr. Nealethen said it was vr,ry brsh tre&t'ment, and offered to go to London at his o vn charge and see Mersrs. Conway, but the defendant spe,i it was perfectly useless going, as Conway and Co. w',uld refer him to Caster and Co. Mr. Neale asked me ',hother there was any pressure on me, and whether I MA'Id pay the amounts applied for. I said there was 7,o pre,sure. an,d that I had paid ono accounXt tnd had offered to pay the othor. I will swea' positively that there was money enough at my bankers to pay Hanson and Co. and I{icks, B slis, and Co.'s cliecks. The defendent said at Mr. i'Ceu;e's fnice tbat be had ree,niiended me not to pay Hicks and Co., beoause he would have accounts down in ihe morning amounting to 800 and that it wa not likely I Fhould be able to pay them a1. I told him that if he had not aome down I should asve gone on my wuioUarney. E adised me net to leave home, and id the aredltors woold accept uny terms thst Caer and Co. offered, and that if I could pay only 1la. In the pound Casler and Co. wonld induce the creditors to take it. Mr. Neale's clbrk aid to defendant, " If you have the notioes inbs±klrnptcy, produce them " and he said be had left them in his rtimant at LAx hotel, but could ver soon fetch them. On the foLlowing 'aorning I met dtfendant In the street, but we did not proceo with the examination of the books, wl had tele& Wed at 8 o'clock to Conway and Co., and. had sesolved notto go into the books until I had received an ansvwer tm thern. After the lasee of three hours Y got a teply fr,m Conway and Oa., saying" We will seo you by next train," I then oonsented to go into the acoots. The REcesnraz.-Ha not someti been said about meeting Mr. eater on the platform at the railway station ? Witnes.-4)nthe'Tesday afternoon 1 w Mr. Castor on the platform oP the iailway statiob. 1H. was in the down train, and I sa'r him conversing with. HiE. Bnt very few wordswere said ly any of us, aa the train we about to start. On the Wednesdao IM aaid if I would grsw hin 501. over and abov3 the expenses be would carry me through for U2s. Sd. in the vonadL 1 mid I wouLd do nvthing of the kid when I coldpy 203. Hepropeeed to divide Hanson's cacount between us, and ta4e hbi bimself. I told 1im I would do nothing of e kihd. Ho put down the-book debts at 1,8001., and propogedto take threa-fourthuoff he bad, leaving only one-fourth as goed. He pot down-*es-tock at 1,2001., but it was a more rndom guess, Xhe haWno. means of knowing the real value. He propoied to divide the stock by half and give 6001. to-the reditcss. ThelIonsehold goods he put down at 2001. or P3DOL, but; they wm-worth much more, and so was tile stock. When Mr. May (Myessrs. Consway and Co.'6 traveller) cams dcown the defendant was engaged in the, examination. M.r May aid, in defendant's presence, that no meeting of csaeditors had taken place, and that he was surpried 1ir. H11 could have made such a statement. tVen mr. Miay made this announcement I snatched the pacer, out of de, fendaut's hauds, and said he should not have it to show-to ass, one, that he was endeavouringt. defraud me; and that, instead of being the agent of Hanson.and Co., he was trylnpx to defraud them. He said nothing, but la lhed. O the Wednesday the defendant said he had dons the same thing before with persone who caudd have paid 25s. or 30a in the pound. He mentioned tker vlcunm-- stance that he had carried one man through for 1601., but that he had not paid him. (Laughter.} e said a person In Soutbampton sold off his stock by auction, and made an offer of 10s. in the pound through Caster and Co., and that the creditors were bonnd to take it, and did take it. He added that the creditors would know nothing about it in London, as it would be all " done in thsedark." The defendant proceeded to cross-examnine the witneasa - some length, but his evidence was not shaken on any mate. jriaJohn Neale, solicitor of Reading, twas the next witness examined. His evidence was mn all respects corroborative of that given by the prosecutor as to the interview. with the defendant at witness's office. Mr. J. . MAy, traveller to Messr Conwy and Co., was then called, but Mr. Serjeant PAnRY said he would not exaniine him, but that the defendant was at liberty to do so. The witness was then examined by defendant: -I called at Caster and Co's. ofiice on the 18th of June lat. I saw Mr.. Caster. Defendant.-Did he refuse to certify that Pdle could pay 20s. In the pound? Mx. Seje ant PA yRRy.-Mr. Caster is here, and let him speak fr himself. Mr. Caster.-I am here on purpose to be examined. . was here on the last day of examination also, but you deciinedto examine me. Mr. SerjeAnt PAIRRY.-You may depend upon it I will not call you as a witness. iMr.Thomas Hicks, examined.-I am a partner in the firm of Eicks, Bayhis, and Co. I did not attend any meeting of the creditors of Pole, on the I5th of June lost, at Cister and Co's. office, neither did any one on my behalf. I did not sign any notice in bankruptcy against role, neither xy brother, who is my only partner. Mr. Thomas Conway, of the firm of Conway, Phelps, and Co., of Mincing-lane, examized.-On the 16th of June last Pole did not owe us anything for -which we could have signed a notice in bankruptcy against him. He has deqlt With us for three or four years, and we have placed commercial confidence in him down to tle presen5 time. We did not attend any meeting of his oreditors on the 15th of June last, nor did we sign any notiec of bankrutc against. him. We have supported Mr. Pole since this business, as we considered him a wronged man. Cross-examined by the defendant.-On the 17th of June I called at Caster and Co.'s office. I asked for an explanation, and I said, " This is an extraordinary thing. You have sent somebody down to investigate Pole's affairs." I receiVed some short answer, such as "' Yes, very well, you will hear all about it soon." Defdndant.-Did not Mr. Nicholls, Mr. Caster's partner (Mr. NichoUs-I am not his partner),-weUl, his clerk, say I had ncted quite correctly ? The RxcoRDER.-I do not think you can ask that question. Defendant.-Did they say anything at Caster and Co.'s office which could lead you to suppose that I had acted upon their inStrUCtions ? Witness.-Yes. They said, " Oh yes, you will know all about it," Qr something to that effect; bat I cannot remember the precise words. Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-That is the case for the p2osecution. The defendant then proceeded to address the jury in a long and unconnected statement, in which he complained that he had been left in prison four months without bail, the means of defending bimself or supporting his family, who had been reduced to the greatest straits. He then proceeded to say that on the day after the examination before the magistrates at Reading his wife, accomnaneled by a lady, had called upon Caster and Co., and that htr. Caster had told them that not only shoud he be bailed; but that the best counsel that could be procured in Lon. don should be retained for his defence. When the lady who had accompanied his wife subsequently called alone upon Mr. Caster, he had begged of her to persuade Mrs. Hill to swear that he (defendant) had inherited Insanity from some member of his family, and to induce him to submuit to the plea and to the evidence which would be brought forward to prove his insanity. If that course had been folowed the counser would in fact have defended Caster and Co , and held him (defendant) up as an insaue person and irreslsnsible for his actions. Failing to accomplish this object, Caster and Co. had withheld from him that to which he wasentitled, and had deprived him of the means. ot retaining counsel or summoning witnesses. He contended thatin making the application to Pole he had acted according to instructions received from Caster and Co., his employers. Theseinstractions were to proceed to Reading, serve the writ in Hanson's matter, get the money if possible, and then ask for the account due to Hicks, Baylis, and Hicks. He refused to be the medium of serving a writ, as he had never done such a thing before, and suggested that tbe solicitors to the agency should send it down to their agent in Reading to serve. Caster then said he would go himself, but that he had to go to Bath, and. that if the writ was sent to a solicitor Pole would be advised to employ an accountant, and the agency would lose the estate. It, was under these circumstances he had consented togo and sew,e the writ. The defendant proceeded to-say, that on going to eRading on the 16th of June he had received a lithogxaphed form of assignment to creditors, to )e. used I, Pole's case if necessary, and that whin he met Mr. Caster at the Reading statiou and had told him that Pole fancied t-he leed of assigpment was in reality a noU4ce in bankruptcy, his answer was, "-Let him remain under the impression, anid if he does not allow you to. investi;ate his affairs to.morrow telegraph to London for a notice in bankruptcy." The defendant concinded his statement by deelaring that he had been inveigled by Caster and Co., and that hebad been an. inst-ument la their hands in thi8 and other matters.. also appealed ta the jury to take compassion on the unprotucted state of. his wife and. children, who he darkly hinted had been the victims c} some heartleis but romantic persctions at the hant's o( rich and titled relatives. The RzooDnER.-Do-you wish to examine Mr. Castera The defendant saidhe vwould be glad iL-r. Serjeant Pasrv would do so. Serjeant PAiRLY declined. Mr. Caster said he was quite 'eillirg to be examined, and stepped into tho witness-box. The, defendant tben proceeded to examine him-The form of assignment produced is a lithographed form vrhich may ha parchased at any law s'atianer's. I have as. recollection ot ever having given you this deed ci assignment, neither did I tell you to insert bIesars. Conway and Hickss naomi as trustees. I did nut even known that Conway ar, Co. vwere creditors ofPole's until after you went dov, to Reading. The only names given to you w ere those of Messrs. Hanscn and Co. and Hinnka and Co. You woee sent down to Reading ccorcdn to instructions which.. I gavo you in my own private office. I will swear that I did not give you jthe assignment, now produced. I tod you to. serve th4e lwrnt in Hanaorn' case, get bhe money if yoJu could, and meet mte at the Reaig3 statlsn. I might have. sa'a, -r ne pays the. d.ebt, but not the costs, give a receipt or accouAt of drbt an&d costr" IX is a very usual thinig to do. !.did no'. desire you to t9legraph for a notice in bankruptcy, because whenx you niet mee o the platfo'It you told me that luole vwould pay Ricsk Balis, and Hicks in a few davs. The Defendant.-I hve noncee queseions to ask him. It ihof no use asking hbi=Ay. Cross-examined by, Mr. Serjeant PknnBy.-I first heard that Pole had made those charges against the deferndant from Mr. Hioks. I cannot tell the date, but it was about a week after the 16th of June I received a summons intended for J}M;, abon. a week before the earing. I bave never tWwen any bonus for winding up estates beyond the ustal charg,es of an accountant. My solicitors do not get any charges allowed them in cases where traders compromise w*h their'reditors. I do not think that I gave Hill the assignment, but I will not swear I did not. Upon my oath I did noc know that Hi went down with the deed of asignment to coerce Pole to ma3e a settlement. I did noc wind up Amor, of Hlastings; he entered into AT. arrangement to pay 10s. in the pound. MIr. Serjeant PARRnY.-Hlave Sou been wound up yc,r. selfH (Laugbter.) Witness.-I dedine to answer that question. Nr. Sericant PFARRY.-HaVe you ever failed in b.dsiness The RECORDEB.-You need not answer that qnP,1ifon. Mr. Serjeamt PABuY.-Did you ever carry ou business as a sboemaker at Wisbeach? Witness-I decline to answer that question. Mr. Serjeant PARRY.-But you must W itneste-I never was a shoemaker rt Wisbeach; I vas a leather llorchant. That was 12 or 14 years ago. I decline to answer whether my estate Daid a diiidend of 3s. in the poand. I essured the members of the agency that I was a respectable man, and some of '.nem knew I had been in business in 'Wisbeach. I have caried on the British I Commevcisi Agenoy from 1S51 dQwn to the present period. I 7 Lave U - oV upaO cat Man esta' es since then-some by ocn.pesition, ttherszby assignment, in fact, as all other ac- countants do. No one shareV in the subSublp3om to She agency btLt myself. Mr. Bcrjel.nt PARRY having bziely replied, The RzcoRbER then 4ddrensd the jury, and said the defendant had stated repeatedly - OW he had aced accoriing to iatretionu received from his employers, but no suh inhtrumtioas would jastilf hitu in doing gij illego& act. But when he add that hL d so rceiveda those instrac4ion, it wan quite clear that he had not; receivt& them in the manner be alleged. Ther wae only his ow' statement that he had received te'iuftnctiong, and thezE was mothing to show that h. had receivet instruccia to thoe.tent rhish he representad he had received wbhn he arwed in Reading, Taking tiis view of the case, arnd exaurhicg the evidence e presentet tfiat day, it Appeared to him that the orence was fully plooed, and that there coi-d be nr reasonable doubt that the hefendant well knew at the time he mate the awetments to the pro. Seeator that titey were untrue. The jury, havivg ooasulted h*r abou 10 minuts, returned a verdlet of G-Ailtyi, with a reennameuda.'ie to merb7'. ifr. Serieant p,:Ry, ow behalf of the pzosecutor, Also joined in she- receOh,endation TISe-RECoRDEER,,inVsiIg slentence,.referred tq tteM, ,- nitude'jn a comame'zja c? ~ of the offence of which M prisoner had beenv eonvicted and sentenced iim to AZ calendar' months' iimi risonment. with herd labour.
MR3 IE RY -DPUMMOND Hi P., ON THK)NDIA Y MU- TI.S. eHERTSWlY, FM5AW Ev.qwma. The anniocrasry of t2tChertsey AgeicuAlural Ass,tlon was celebrated this daya nd aftcn some very intereting ploughing matches at Great Grove FPrm, a,d prir, *deserving, farm' ervants, &o., havin been ditributed, Ohe Company adjourned to thoe-wan Inn,.Windsozstreet woe-- an excellent dinner, including all the delicecies of th*, season, Vasiaid on the ta&Ve by Air. Iibvland, tid host, -an& to which upwards of 100 gentlemen sat doWn, Mr. J. L]r scee, M.P., presided, supporte2 by Mr. Hg,Drummond, Mr. S. Gsr,gsonm, 1 ., Dr. Harcourt, Lieutenanit GwIlltu, &c. I After theu aualryal and riotic tcts bad been given Iand duly hoxoured~ IMr- I CO,TV1,fib he hd been requested to pr3pose the, health of their tvyo worthy coznt3y memb-", Mlr. R. Drum, mond aud Mr. J. L Briscoe. TFd was asked to propose that 'tost-first, becaus-the chairinaneould notpropose it him. sah; and, seccedly, because ha, ptoe speher) Ws an old veteran in politicabnatteors. Thosegentlemen h.dattendedto their duties, snd the western.division cfthe county of urmrey ought to b3-proud of having such Inemberg. They were both practical fazners, and tblerefore her should like to hear what they htad to say on aggt,ulture. Since-the last elect5on these Indian -matinies, or-revolutiona it had been called, had broken oat Their merabers had had an opportunity o looking into the subject, and therefree he should like-tohear from thea what woul* be the rault of the stAte of affairs in Indias (Cheers.) The- toast having been drunk with aclamatics armid loud calls far " Mr. Drummond " Mr.i LDR. D o D,ir,rOse, Phrwas warly cheered. He said this was an electisneering dedge. (laughter), for he thought that as his hon. eolleague haibeen at tBe head of te -poll he should speak,for the two wheen they were both present, and yet there we now loud 'alls for Drummond. (Laugbter.) Mr. La Coste in propoin the toastj had-said something about agricultue and politics.and, with regard to the first, all he could say to them rju, "Manure high, and keep Your dung dry,"and in saying.this he recalled to thei neaorythe ld mxim "Fire itw, and keep your powdordry." (Hear.) With regard t.7o0ltics; there-was only onte sabject which was of any impor4nce, and that had filele tb-s hearts and heads of everybody-that was the mutinies in India. He0 shonld not pan them by going into the detailpof the atrocities-that had beO,,.omitted, fork unfortutely, they were toe well knov-. to all but he would just-take a glance at' the more chacful side of the question, In the first place, he believed they had every reason to feel proud that they had such ceuntrymnsu and countrywomen as they bad in India. The men had shown an entraordInary degree of gal. lantry and bravery, and the women had a=hibited most unexamplei patience and her-ism. (Che3rs.) The next thing was- that, while he deprecated pasy politics, he .ould not help saying it was a matter of great Satisfaction to think that the faults which had- been committei in India resembled thu faults of the whole country, aIud. he believed that had webeen there ourselves we should av&e-done the same. He-alsothought they hdeobeen wanting in the belief of their faiths, and that people hadattempted toobtain their deires while at the same time they coneesled - their nm'oives. Hlin opinion was that the Hifidoo should be allowed to-respoct his religion the-ame as any other class. They had tampered with idolatry-not only in India, but at home, and the consequence ha been that they had -had letters from Cardinal Wiseman and Dr. Cullen calling on all of their faith to side against Protestantism. Per himself he thought that to pray to Mahomet was no wcsse than to worship the-Virgin Mary. He didmuot, however, 'think that the efforbts othose two Romish gortlemen would have any effect. (Rein.) -He was excessively diagusted with the hue and cry that sone papers were raising about. the veDgeance that should be inflicted. He was not bv, any means one of those mawkish santimentalists who saidthereshould be no punishrasent by death, To support that, he might only monition that during the discussion in the House-on that question he contended mest strenuously that every naar - should lose- his -life whohad oDmImitted a murder, Hethoug.±t they-shuld punish 'tbose who were at the head of the-mutiny, but do not let them have any of that indiscriminate justice that-had been -advocated. Still he said that evey- leader of the mutiny should be-ohoti (Hear.) If the pr-Ocnt system was-adopted it would be- ask d "Who was ths-cause of the mutinies ?"d aud then we mUght have some tales that we were not prepared fdr. (Hear.) He did anprove Lord Canning's proclamaSion; he believed Lord Canning took a ight line for he dld not thinlk it right to burn-down- vilLagez-and their inhabitnts indiscriminately. (Her, At the same time he agreed with the Government in sending out all the-available troops. They mnust not trust too rmuch in others, for ie believed there was some one in the -neighbourhood of this country In whom too much trusi-should not be placed. They should not any longer go- to sleep in the manner. they had done. (Eer.)- The fault of English. people was that they did not look ahead, and then when any great calamity occurred it was said, "Oh lawks, who would have thought it." (Laughter and b" hearJ") Why, we ought to have thought of it, for the Emperor of- Russia had been teMingi us for years -what he intended-to do, Many men of autkority had been telling thiscountry foeyears past what would happen iaIndia, and none of them had been listened to., e thoughtit theduty of t.he people of this country to insist on the Goveronent giving us an adequate defence- atihome. Lat then, send out what, srecour they chou3g but- they - must not put too much -trust in other countriss, nor mrst. they leave this country in a defenceless state. (Hear.) le-begged -to apologize to- them for having thns-troubled them with any remarks on political sabjects, bat-a excuse -was that they met so-seldom. (Cheers.) Mr. J. L' Biuscox, M.P. (the, other mambea for the western, di-ision of Surrey), aso reStarned thanks, and in doing so expressed a hope that duarhg the short session ho had been in Parliament he haddone his dcty to the satisfaction of his& oonstituents. With regard -to the present state of affers in India, he hsd refzained i2om saying anything as -to the f'-re governmeni of that.sempire, because he felt the great responsibiity, that wvuld devolve on the task of legislating for upwrards of 1SO,COO,O0 people. In reference to some remarks ozhi&-hon. colleague, he Nvlshed to express an opinion that their-neighbor-s the Emperor of the Fronch had acted with tbe most parfect honour and fidelitynnd be thought it wvas for tho. interests of both countries.that the friendly interourse that had nisted between France and England. shoald be inntained. (Cheers.) In the otheir toasts which foli'awed, including " the Chairman" (Mr, Kempson), " the, Secreta7." " the Judges," &c., several addresses on locaa topics, were dsl5vered, and the proceedings terminateW aa late hour.
T}a. O-G'Ax Nuirskw -The.accompanying petition is now. being eonsively gined bit the inhabitants of Be)gravia and Be9zavla cs S :-a o the Knight, citizea,. and burgesse in, tis -present Parliaient assenbled. -The humble petition of the inhabitants of Belgravia and Belgr South-Shawth,-That the peace and tranq -uillty of our streets And residoaces are disturbed by day end nigt by a numboz of personu as we balieve exclusively Joreigners, having bzsel or hnd organs and sueh like instrmeats for the puasp of obtainrngsmoney. That the purovisions of the 2dxand 3d of Victoria, cap. 47, are wholly inoperative to enaldo.he poise to deliver your petitioners from this continual and incre3sing aur-yanqe, the limit of the powers of the palice being, in fact, only to remnove such a nulsence if it obtude itselI oppositc. the hoase of a sick person. Your petitioners feel it to h A positive invasion of right that under pretence, of mus.s any itinerant person shoild be permitted to occupy a large area cZ any street desined and intended solo4 for traflic with a. machine to annoy the inhas-nts and distrac} them from their lawful business. Thairassuming that somna few individuals may be SDund who are Zrtial to those irAtruments, they constitute. undoubtedly szvery inagpificant minority, and your petitioners submiwtehey inlst indul3e their istes by takdng the. hawkers and bbeir insuments into their houses without inflicting a wrtpng on their neighbours. That importunate begging is fesbidden in our street6. T)\Dur petitioners there- fore pray ycar hon. House io regari those ndventurers as. beggars, wv bh In tLth they relly are, and hava them iealtwith by luwr accordingly. That tha law wifl not new per-, mit nuMno-es inju2ibus to health to be carried or. in thne streets, however beneficial, to the owners o such establishments, aad yet, a*twithstanding, avon now before asick person cau svail himself of the power to remove such a pest. from his vicinity he raust go or send to seek the aid of tho. police, who ennot remain stationed on the spot for the. sake of an inJividual, and sdoh are the number of those Mneicants tast tn or moro h one street in the same day iE a aroderate tomputation of iheir visltations, particlsarly in tkeose streets whi2h have not the traffic peculiar to the. eommeret of the city. That the menibera of your honour, ible Roes resiaing in London vdll not require to be informed that this ivasion has now complete Impunity. They whe make it are attracted or broaght over here from abrond on a speculation for gaia, and your petitioners think it a great grievance that the peaceable inhabitants are to> reicain In any degree the victims of a svstem thus estab- lished for Incre. That the police force can glve yo7u hon. ourable House ample testimony tbat the general wish of the. Inhabitants Is to have the streets no longer infested hv such nuisances. And your petitloners earnestly pray your hononrable Hlouse to pass such an enactment as shall restore to your petitlonors the right to enioy tranqniUity in their homes, of which the weak legislation of the Police Act b. the means of depriving thera.' THE ARSB, NAVY, A2rD ORDYANCE SgRV1VSo'.- Detailed accounnb of the receipts and expenditure for Navy, Arminy, and Ordnance services in thJeer ended March S1, 1853, have been published by order at the hon. the House of Commons on the motion ot Mr. Wilson, M.P. The. expenditure for naval services amounted tol9,590,8W3L. and that for Army, Comm!VsMIL; and militia r:)vices to 21,233,079K The Ordnance services entailcd a Cos% of, 11.0°!p,s4. The dttails of tesE&votes QaOpUY spr.
FORBIGN INTELLIGJNCE. FIANCE. tFROoua OUR OWN CORRazO!fmNT.) jeo foUowing *ppeared in our second edition of yes. tardap-]1 TARM, Ocr. 22, 6 P.m The Di;an of Moldavia has voted for the union of the Principalities " under a foreign Prince of a Western dynasty." This resolution, which, according to the telegraphic despatch received yesterday from Vienna, was adopted almost unanimously, recognizes the rights of the Porte as sanctioned by treaties,but demands a representativeform of government and the neutrality of the State. The vote of the M1oldavian representatives thus brings matters to something like a crisis. If there was an intention on the part of Austria and Turkey to impose silence on the Moldavians on this particular olnt, it has been disregarded by them, and the Englih Government would hardly join those Powers in so extreme a measure. Indeed, the union of the Principalities almost of necessity involved the sovereignty of a foreign Prince; M. de Kisseleff, the present Rumsian Ambassador in Paris, who long resided in the country, and who is regarded as an authority on al that relates to it, more than once declared that without it the union was impossible. The Divan appears to be of the same opinion; and the question now is, who is the candidate for the Rouman Crown that would give the least umbrage to the European Powers, and still maintain the slight tie which sub. sists between the Princdpalities and the Porte? It seems to be admitted that no native Boyard could succeed in establishing his authority over the population, whatever his good qualities otherwise might be, nor overcome the jealousies of disappointed claimants, who would unwillingly submit to the rule of one so lately their equal. A German Prince would, if accepted by the Roumans, be the agent of Austria or the pensioner of Russia; and the Western Governments could not allow this Power to recover, indirectly or surreptitiously, what has so lately been wrenched from her grasp. Something has been said of a Prince of the Imperial family of Prance, and the earnest support at firat given by the French Foreign-office has been, rightly or wrongly, attributed to some desire of the kind. The consequences that would result from the nomination of a member of any powerful house are too obvious to be, insisted upon. The choice should fall upon some Prince who is neither personally nor politically obnoxious to the Powers; he should be of a house from whose ambition there is nothing to apprehend; of little weight in the great political questions of Europe; of policy enough to conciliate foreign Powers, and to occasion no disquietude to his suzerain; of intell2gence to keep the balance steady between rival interests at home; of courage enough to defend his little dominions against aggression; of fair character; of liberal principles in government; and possessing the prestige that attaches to ancient and royal descent. Among those who have been already mentioned as probable candidates for the crown of the Roumans, the name of one Prince is suggested by rumour who perhaps is the least objectionable of all. That Prince Is the Duke of Oporto, brother of the King of Portugal. He will complete in a few days his 19th year, having been born on the 31st October 1838. fe is said by those who have access to the ioyal family of Portugal to possess much intelligence, and his education has been carefully attended to. The Prince has not seen in his own country, since he attained the age of reason, other than the forms of a Liberal Government, more or less Conservative, but still Constitutional The storms which beset the Throne for a considerable part of his mother's reign, and which more than once seriously shook it, have long subsided, and it tells much for the popularity of the Braganza dynasty that the regency of the King Consort ended, and a new reign was inaugurated, with apparently the acquiescence of the Miguelite party, and 'withoutanyattempton the part of theRlevolutionists. The constitutional monarchy, establihedimore than 30 years ago by the Emperor Dom Pedro, has passed through a precarious existence amid political convulsions, and Donna Maria da Gloria herself had often to bend to the tempest. In 1847 her crown was saved only by the intervention of some of the great Powers, and the last revolution Her Majesty experienced was only two vears before her premature death. Since then Portugal has been tranquil; she is tired of revolutions, but her lasstude has not found repose in despotic rule. After many a trial and many a danger, she has not sought security under a Dictator, and sshe now enjoys the benefits of constitutional government. An intelligent and popular Prince of the house of Braganza would not, I think, be an ineligible candidate for the Rouman Crown, and, whatever the Lusitanian glories and power may have been in times gone by, it is hardly necessary to say that to no Power in Europe is Portugal obnoxious, either on that or any other score. There is, to be sure, one objection; the Duke of Oporto is a Catholic, and the MoldoWaDlachians profess the Greek faith; but King Leopold is not of the reunioXn of the vast majority of his subjects, and a stronger case in point is that of King Otho, in Greece. I cannot say whether overtures have been made on the subject to tl. Porte, or to any other Power interested in the question, but the Portuguese Prince'a name has occurred to several persons as one of the best, if not the very best, solution that could be presented. The Prince is the son of a Coburg, and, though of the Catholic branch of the family, would not, perhaps, be objected to by the English Government. If the union of the Principalities takes place the subject is well worthy of consideration. Since the foregoing was written a second telegraphic message announces that the Wallachian Divan has voted a similar resolution'to that of its co-Divan of Moldavia. The French Government is said to feel some embarrassment on the occasion. It has lately become more moderate on the Union question, and suggested to its Coramisaioner, M. de TaUeyrand, to rbate something of his enthusiasm in the cause of Rouman nationality; so, at least, we are now told. The definitive acceptance of the English and French mediation in the quarrel between Spain and Mexico wil not be known before the 4th or 5th of November. The Mexican Plenipotentiary, M. Lafragua, is still in Paris, awaiting the last instructions of his Government, acceptingor rejecting the proposed negotiations. In a few days will appear a detailed account of all that has passed between M. Lafragua and the Spanish Government on the subject, as weU as of the relations between Spain and Mexico since theindependence of the Republic. The volume will contain nearly 400 pages. Marshal Randon, who arrived last evening from Compnigne, left again this morning for Algeria. The Emperor has expressed his entire satisfaction with the Marshal's Government. He has, it is said, determined to maintaiu the Arab bureaux. General Froissard, who served with distinction in the Crimea, is appointed Director of Engineers in Algeria, in place of General de Chabaud Latour, who is abont to return to France. 1 am inf(rmed that Captain Doineau is to undergo his punishment of perpetual Imprisonment in the island of St. Marguerite. The French Government has received despatches from Admiral Baudin, Governor of the penal colony at Guyana, of the 19th of September. The convicts were becoming accustomied to the climate, and 500 others were expected from Brest. Admiral Baudin was preparing to establish a new colony on the banks of the Defaroni, which separates the French possesions from those of the Dutch. A telegram dated Colmar, this morning, says.- The Correctional Tribu l has condemned M. mgeon to one month's ImprIsonment for illegaUy wearing the Legion of honOUr, and has declared itself incompetent to decide on the charge of fraud in electoral matters." M. Pietri, the Prefect of Police, has addressed a letter to M. Jules Favre, the advocate who defended Count Migeon before the Court of Colmar. M. Pietri explains that he merely fulfilled his duty in giviDg the information demanded of him by the Attorney-General of the Court of Colmar relative to M. Jules Migeon. He admits the right of the counsel for the accused to criticize any documents supplied from the Prefecture of Police, but he appeals to M. Jules Favre's sense of justice to give such an ex- planation of his observations at the trial as will satisfy public opinion and his (M. Pietri's) suseeptibility, which had been greatly affected by the incident. M. Jules Favre has replied at some length. He says that, having to defend N. Migeon against charges which affected his honour and his future station in soiety, and which were foumded on statements emanating from the police authorities, which he believed, and stl believes, to be unfounded, he indignantly raised his voice against such a mode of proceeding, but he never intended to attack A. Pietri's delicacy (dolicatesse) or correctness as a public fetionAry. He ogncludes ky gay.. ing, that in the language he used he intended merely to defend at all hazards the right of publi discussion, but without wounding M. Pietri's - ceptibility.us esuperintendence of the Paris theatres belongs ex offio to the MWini3ter of 3State and of the Imperial Household~ A recent deoision of the Minister, M. Fould, has given much satisfaction to the theatrical public. It appears that the director of one of the minor theatres of the Boulevard, the Folies Dramatiques, lately died, leaving a respectable fortune, the fruit of at least 20 years of incessant exertion, economy, and intelligence in the management of his theatre, vhich had become for some years a regular mine of wealth. The moment the director's death was known a crowd of applicants presented themselves to succeed him in the theatrical management, and the Minister is said to have received in the course of a very few days no less than 80 petitions. It wau thought that one or other of these applicants would obtain the privilege, and that in the meantime the claim of the viidow of the manager would be granted-viz., that she should receive by way of compensation for the privilege her husband enjoyed a sum in proportion to the yearly profits of the theatre, estimated at I 50 000f. The Minister decided otherwise: he considered that the transmi4sion of a theatrical privilege for so large a sum of money would be a heavy burden on the incoming manager, and that, in point of tact, a director who, durlng a management of 15 years, for instance, had acquired a fortune,'should be satisfied, and retire without realizing a second fortune at the expense of his successor by the sale of a privilege which was originally granted gratuitoudy and by the sole munificence of the Minister for the time being. The Minister has granted the privilege to one of the claimants, who will have to incur no pecuniary obligations beyond those involved in the purchase, at a fair valuation, of the " properties" of the theatre, and which will amount to a comparatively small sum. The precedent which the Minister of the ImperialHousehold has established, based as it is on justice, has, as . have said, given much satisfaction, and there is little doubt it will be followed in other and smilar cases. The late heavy rains are beginning to cause inundations in various localities. A letter from Orleans states that on Tuesday night last the waters of the Alier had risen as high as during the great inunda. tion last year. The river -at Moulins had risen on Thesday afternoon nearly five feet, and was risino six inches every hour. A private telegram, dated Roanne, the 20th inst., announces that the Loire had risen four feet during the night, but was again falling. At Vlerzon the Cher is 12 inches above the ordinary level. A railway bridge near Clermnont has been carried away. Prince Petrulla, Grand Cros of the Sicilian order of St. Gregory, and Envoy Extraordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary of the Two SicDies to the Court of Austria, arrived at Venice on the 16th from Milan. He left Venice the same day for Trieste, whence he will continue his journey to Vienna. The Three per Cent closed to-day at 66f. 70c. for the end of the month, and the Four-anda-Ealf per Cents. at 90f. 75c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,325f.; Great Northern, 870f.; Strasburg, 680f.; New Shares, 670f.; Parls to Lyons and the Mediterranean, 830f.; Western of Prance, 665f.; Bordeaux and Cette, 545f.; Great Central of France, 301f. 25c.- Lyons and Geneva, 620f. ; Bank of Cr6dit Mobilier, 770f.; Austrian Railways, 672f. 50c.; Roman Railways, 490f.; RussianRailways, SOf. 25c. Cours AuS-iquc.-PAm.s October 22-Cah PriceFour-and-a-Jsalf per Cents. (not reimbursable for 10 years). 91f. 90f. 75c.; Four per Cents., 791.; Three per Cents., 66f. 65c. 60o. 55c. 60c. 70c. 75c.; Bank of France, 2,950. 2,96M.; ditto (550f. pald), 2 950L 2,960f; Credit Foncier, Tenths, Four per Cents., 88f. 76c; ditio. Tenths, Tkree per Cents., 80f.P Prom Obligations of 1,6A., Three per Cents., 930f.; Cr&iht Mobiller, 765f. 770f.767f. 50c.; Discount Bank, 660f. 6551 PiedmonteseFive per Cents., 90f. 90f. 25c., ditto, Three per (5ents,, 531. 75c. 8e.; Belgian Four-and-a-Hi per Cents., 99; Romans, 88; Spanlsh Deferred Converted, 25t; ditto, Three per Cents., Exterlor Debt, 40; dItto, Intenor, 37.d. 1! ^ hangeon London, at sight, paper, 25f. 223o; money, 25f. 25c.; three months, paper, 24f. S2.lo.; money 241. 80c. PRIJSSIA. (FmoX OUR OWN oRnESPO"Mir.) BE1RmT, OCr. 2L As long as the King remauins in the present lamentable state in which I am grieved to be obliged to describe him, I apprehend there will be no political news for me to report to you apart from what stands in immediate connexion with this sad event. Fortunately, there is no urgent question of foreign politics at this moment requiring to be settled, for, according to the disclpline of this Government, it would not be competent for the Minister of Foreign Affairs to forward any diplomatic despatch on it without its receiving the King's sanction; but, on the other hand, there are hundreds of matters connected with the internal administration of the country that have already been waiting for months in suspense, the despatch of which is imperatively necessary to prevent the large interests of the country from coming to a standstilL My recent letters have shown you that for the last five or six days the King's convalescence, though it may not have absolutely retrograded, has by no means continued to make that progress which the first great rally on the 10th inst. gave promise of, a promise which was more or less fulfilled during the next few succeeding days. The physicians in attendance on His Majesty, when caled on by the Minister in Council on the 10th inst., named, as I have already informed you, a period of nine days from the date of the attack as requisite to enable them to pronounce distinctly upon the turn the disorder would take. Nature, however, settled the first serious question, as to whether the attack would immediately take a fatal turn, by such a favourable change as set that point at rest. This change was so favourable as to lead to the hope that the King's state would soon admit of its being suggested to him to empower tho Prince of Prussia to administer the affairs of the kingdom in his name; the conviction of the physiclans remaining unaltered, in spite of the sudden improvement, that a total withdrawaljfrom business for a lengthened period will be perfectly indispensable to his entire recovery. That period, however, passed over withoutthe King's manifesting the capacity to entertain so important a question, and one of a nature so exciting to himself personally. On Saturday last, the 17th, therefore, the physicians Mwere again summoned by Ministers to pronounce as to the probability of His Majesty's soon being In a fit state to attend to this most urgent subject, and, in the event of their expectations on this point not being realized, what duration of the present state of incapacity would suffice to enable them to pronounce, according to the requirements of the Charter, that the King is "'daueind verhindert" (disabled for a lengthy period) from exercising his functions. The period the physicians have fixed upon, sas am credibly assured, Is a fortnight from that day (the 17th), so that if within that time the King should not have so far recovered as to admit of thfis subject being brought before him, they will at the expiration of that time feel themselves jus,tified In pronouncing distinctly his " disability for a lengthened period." In the event of this latter contingency supervening, the Prince of Prussia will assume the iegency in virtue of Art. 56 of the Charter, and is assured beforehand of the assent and approval of Ministers and the Royal Family of that step. Should the King, however, so far recover his strength of mind as to entertain the subject, and consent to empower his brother to rule in his name, that alternative will be gladly embraced by the Prince out of respect aid conideration for his brother, although for the sake both of the Prince and the State at large a distinct Regency would be far preferable. There is, however, another contingency, which I pointed out in a former letter, for which, as far as I have heard, no provision has been made, and that is, that the King should recover sufficiently to admlt of the subject being introduced to him, and should then refuse to give the Prince the requisite authority; the very act of introducing the subject to him would be a recognition of his capacity to decide upon it, and preclude for a lengthened period all pos3ibility or propriety of pronouncing him incapable, even though that should be obvious; and thus the present state of things, which may be termed a political paralysis, would be prolonged indefinitely. I have no distinct and sure information that the subject of His Majesty's empowering the Prince of Prussia to act for him has as yet been mentioned to the King, but I am etrongly disposed to believe it las not. As cerlain, I can, how- ever, add, that the Queen is Lot in possession of the necessary document for the purpose of procuring the King's signature, and equally certain that up to within comparatively a very few hours of the present moment the Prince of Prussia has nzOt n admitted to speak with his brother. From the above will be ween how far, in spite of his gradually retura Ing bodily strength, the King's mental powers still are from a state in which they may be taxed with the eonsideration of serious questions; and though, since writing the above, I have been assured,by ond whose means of information are very excellent, thal I there is no truth in the statement of the physiciani having fixed a fortnight as the term at the close of which a deoisive dicdum may be pronounced, I am compelled from other evidence tobelleve it to be as near the truth as possible, though perhaps not absolute truth. The eoraplaist which, as I mentioned in a former letter, I should lay before the Minister of Commerce, on the subject of my being refused permiBsion to telegraph to you my own information as to the state of the King's health, has recelved an answer mn the short space of nine days, four of which it took to get from the hands of the presiding genius of the Telegraph-office to mine. It is dated the 16th, and was deliveredto me by poston the 20thin<t, the disance whieh it had to be conveyed being half an hour's walk. The Mnister finds the refusalcomplained of perfectly justified, but gives a totally diferent ground of justification from what the oubaltern official did:- " It cannot be permitted that the telegaph shall be made use of for the diffusion of disquieting Intelligence on this subject, when this latter (the Intelligenoe) is recognized to be incorrect or false" (which is matter of opinion and informnation). " The commalunication of the offioialbulletins by means of the telegraph will not be refsed on the other hand, it cannot be pennitted that the nature alone of those bulletins, as it may appear to the individual apprehension of a correspondent favourable or uni^vourable, shall be Wee graphed." You have here a sample of the perpetual tutelage in which this Government keeps its subjects, and that it even extends to foreign countries its solicItude for the equanimity of their inhabitants. The following Is the bulletin of this morning "' A succession of tranquU nights and an increasing appetite exhibit a decidedly favourable influenoe on the health of His Majesty. "SCITONLEN. " GRTfM. "zWEIsS. "Mans Bouci, Oct. 21, 111 o'clock km." RUSSIA. A Russian squadron, consisting of three screw corvettes and four steam gunboats, is In the roadstead of Copenhagen. The destination of this Fquadron is the river Amoor. The Rusian screw frigate Askold, of 360-horse power, and carying 16 guns and a crew of 470 men, has arrived at Kiel. Her destination Is Japan. Her commander, Captain *Udanowsld, commanded on that station for five years. He will be at the orders of the Russian political agent in the Japanece waters. SPAIN. The following private telegram has been received;- "MADRID, OcT. 2L "The convocation of the Cortes, which was to take place on the 30th October, Is postponed to the 31st December. ' Prayers have been ordered in all the churches for the sae deliverance of the Queen" The Madrid journals of the 17th have arrived. It was said that the new Cabinet had resolved to display indulgence towards the pres, and not to seize journals except for attacks on the subjects of religion or morality, or for exoitincy disturbances, or for insulting public functionaries; it was even supposed that it intended to modify the law on the press In a liberal spirit. The newpapers were so delighted at this news that the offices of the Ibera, the Ocoidenre, the Bstado, the Discusion, and of almost all the other political journals, were ilaminated; but, at the request of the Civil Governor, who thought the demonstration objectionable, the illuminations were extinguished. All the retiring Ministers, in grand uniform, had waited on the Queen to take leave of Her M£ajesty, and the Queen treated them with kindness. On the formation of the Ministry the Ambassadors at London and Paris were to be changed. Permission had been sent by telegraph to the Count de Reuss (Prim) and ML Guell y Rente to return to Span. It was oonsidered certain that M. BustiUlos would be the new Minister of Marine. It was reported that some friends of the retired Ministers had attempted to persuade the regiments of the garrison to send deputations without arms to the Queen, praying her not to dismiss the Cabinet, but that the execution of the plan had been prevented by the Intervention of the Captain-General of Madrid. It was said that a brother of the new President of the Council would be appointed Captain-General of Cuba. The last report about General Narvaez was that he meant to retire to France.
MR. TPEFEuSIS, AP., ON INDIA. FRIDAY, OCr. 23. Yesterday the annual meeting of the Awliswombe Baeck erell, and Feniton Agricultural Association was held at the latter place, which Is situated about four miles from Honiton, Devonshire. There was an exhibition of agricultural implements as well as a ploughing match, and primes were awarded for good green crops, and to labourers for long servitude. In the afternoon a dinner took place at the Feniton Inn, which was attended by more than 200 of the gentlemen and farmers of the neighbourhood, Sir John Patteson presided, aud among the guests was the Hon. C. Trefusis, MP. for North Devon. The CHAIRMAN, having given the usual loyal and patriotic twDsts propsed, "The althof the MemberfortheCounty of Devon." The Hon. Mr. TREFUSIS in responding sald,-I believe there is a rale of this association that we should not enter on political discussions, and I will not, therefore, touch upon subjects on which it is impossible that we can aU agree. There is, however, one subject of national irnportance on which I wish to say a few words-namely, the fearful calamities which have fallen upon India. (Hear, hear.) When that subject comes before Parliament for deliberation I do hope that the time will not be spent in idle discussions as to the parties upon whom the blame should be thrown, but that all will be animated by one object, and merge all political differences in a common desire to set the government of India on a firm and sure footirn. (Cheers.) I do trust that long ere this those fearful atrocities which have been perpetrated in that country Will have recedved their well-merited reward. (Cheers.) I hope that the punishment of such fearful crimes will be severe, bet I do not advocate that sort of indiscriminate vengeance which is loudly called for by some people. (Hear, hear i We must endeavour to show those whom we are caUed on *o govern that our great object is their moral and social welfarr, and that we are endeavouring to extend to them the benefits of our civilization and our manners. (Cheers.) And, gentl i men, it is also our duty to endeavour to extend-not by force or in the spirit of intolerance, but nevertheless firmly and fearlessly-the benefits of our religion, and to teach the people of India to detest those tenets whioh are at once so idolatrous and abominable, (Cheers.) There is also one other thing to which our efforts should be directed, and that is the organization of our army in India. (Hear, hear,) I hope that we sball not continue to trust the lives and property of our fellow-sujects in that country to a body of men who, however physically fitted for soldiers, are liable to fanaticism; and who, when given to mutiny, are encouraged and recommended by thearreliglon to erpetrate those atrocities w hich wve are nowv throughout EDngland so much deploring. (Hrear, hear.)
VACANCIES, APPonmm-TS, AND PROMOTIONS I THE CIVIL SERTICE.-CUstom&.-There Is a clerkship vacant in the Examiner'Waoffice. There are two vacancles In the Reciver-Gceeral's-office, vice Waabh, who retires on superannuation, after a long and meritorious servioe and vice Stewart, transferred to the Examiner's-office. There is a vacancy in tho Secretary'a-office, vice Mr. Charles Claridge, who retires, muohr re~ ted, upon superannuation, after a long servitude. MAr. Iward PAdmnore has been appointed a clerk in the office of the Inspector-General of Imports and Exports, London. Mr. James Habbijam has been promoted from clerk first-ol%as to be chief clerk in the London dock_s. Iniand Revenue Department. - Excise Branch. - Mr. Willam Bamford, offlcer of Wincanton division, Taunton coilection, has been promoted to the rank of Examiner. Mr. Creswell, Surveying-General Examiner, is at present performibg the duties of colector at Sligo, Mr. MaUey, the tr~opr collector, being about to retire upon sanerannlation. Irlnd.-The recrderhip of Waterford has bcome vacant by thedeath ofMr.WiUhamHenryHsara,QC. Scotland. -Mr. Taylor, Sheriff-Substitute at Tain, has been appointed Sheriff Substittute at Cupar Fife, in the rooma of Mr. Girant, deceased. Mr. Smith,Advocate, has been appointed SheriffSubstitute at Tam,. in the room of Mr. Taylor. East Indies.-Captain I. Campbell, Deputy.Conmmsioner of the Third Class, Bengal, has been appointed to act as DeputyCommissioner of the Second Class, vice Major Balmain. Lieutenant R. N. Taylor, Assistant-Commisdoner of the First Class, has been appointed to act as Deputy-Commis. sioner of the Third Cla8s, vice Captain Campbell. Mr. W. A. Montriou has been appointed Professor of Law and uriprudence in the BengalPresidency CoUege. Mr. G. N. Taylor, Mladras, has been appointed to act as CoUector and Msgistrate of South Arcot. Mr. W.M. Salmon, Bombay Presidency, has been appointed to act as Third Assistant to the Collector and Magistrate at Snrat.-Civia SCrVKCc BAdvertisement]-.The Chlef of Quacks-A Voice frot Lesdenball-Ftreet- The Dead-look in Amserica-Deth on th ala Rngine-Fu Plarticumla of the b Ate Batles In India-The Waterlobridge kldaer,0 : Further Means of Identitying the Woman, A Doubt iabouttbegolotee; upposee T,a of the LuDg ofbeTltmgeat Indian Refteo Meeting At 0%lmQa-MeebhAnl0' Inttcr e6 Unios ned the Test of hierit-Threatened Oholera Outbreak: Presautionar, Mesrdre-The Duke of Cambrldg%en the War In Ini-mtia 00 tary Paoni, &c. 8en latod W eekly London Newp= Edited by Blanchard old. ATerage Wkly sle D, l 143. (lo,nteA So columrs of the mnoat mAred and lntereaixg intaul. piedby HOe' feet AmertOsn cutetiag machine aLt the = 15,DO ople Derhow L%aqJZeme abllng the ipubUicationk of news Sd, of any newsget.Aopy, sa le,eut poet freen creseatp of gmse pootage 6= - i-lIM uyfur,LAa
THE INDIMN MUTINIES. We have been favoured with the following history of the Bengal mutinies by a gentleman whose acqucrements, experience, and position admirably qualify him for the work of observation and review. Our readers we are sure, will be deeply interested in the perulsal of so hluid and comprehenaive a memoir : "UMBALLA, Auausr. "You may not have recelved any oonnected view of the recent events as seen from this part of the country, and I put together a few of the main facts so far as they are now ascertained. I know not that any general preconcerted congpiray has been proved-that it should have existed undiscovered among so large a body of men it Is hard to be. lieve,-but it is clear that k certain ferment had beenallowed gradually to arise throughout the mass of the Bengal army. In some it was panic, in some excitement, in some a mere general apprehension or expetation, and in some it was no doubt disaffection or even conspiracy. Governing an alien people and a vast army, we had divested ourselves of all the instraments of foreign domination so familiar to Austria and all other continental Powers. We had no political polices, no European strongholds, no system of intelligence Or espionage, comparatively little real military discipine, and even our own poet-office was the chanuel of the most free, constant, and unchecked intercourse between all the different regiments. Not a letter even was opened; that would have been too abhorrent to English principles. "The Sepoy mind had probably become prepared to distrust us as we had begun to distrust them. There were stnge new legislative acts, and new post-officerules, and new foreign arvice enlistments, and new entertainment of new races in our'armles, and other things disagreeable and alarmIng to the true old Sepoy caste. And then it came about that fromna small and trifling beginning one of those ferments to which the native mind Is somewhat prone took possession of the n,ative army, hinged on the oartridge ques. tion. Of the first serious symptoms at Barrackpore and Berhampore you are aware. The measures adopted were not bloody or of startling immediate severity. There was no calling irn of artillery, after the moanner held up to oppro. brium on a previous occasion; hanglng and shooting were avoided, and after much investigation and correspendance a regiment was disbanded. Still the ferment did not decrease. The matter seems to have had the anxious care of Government ; but the Commxander-in-Chief took it more easily, and was out shooting far from the telegraph. In March he came to Umball*, where was one of the schools of musketry, and thenco he went to the hills, to Simla. At Umballa (an indeed, elsewhere) the men attached to the school of musketry, to whom the cartridge question was explained, made no fopen resistance. The cartridges were served out to them dry, and they themselves greased them with ghee. StilL throughout the army wild stories were spread, and some officers would have stopped the use of the cartridges. The men of the school were, however, ordered to fire them, and did so with apparent cheerfulness. Nor was It to them, but to the native regiments at the sttion, that symptoms of disaffection were attributesL " After the Barrackpore and Berhampore affairs, the fires at Umballa may be considered the next and seond stageofthemutiny. Theybrokeoutin April. NIghtafter night isolated fires occurred. They vrere clearly the work of Incendiaries; general belief attribcted them to the Sepoys. There was an increased ferment and considerable excitement and apprehension; but, in spite of every endeavour, the actual incendiaries were never caught. Many Sepoy officers vouched for the stanchness of their men, and conjectures were hazarded attributing the fires to the thatchers. At some other stations fites in a ess degree occurred. Men's minds became more and more disturbed. Vague and uncertain stories of vast combinations and serions events were here and there put forth. Still people took It all quietly, and gossiped and laughed over lt. The Commander-in-Chief, at Simla, was one night's post from Urmballa. The officers in command at Umbala were Queen's ofaicers, and the general of dlivision was but a few days arrived from England. All were equally puzzled ani confounded by what they saw and heard; none had decided opinions. In fact, no one knew what to do; all seemed to wait for something to turn up. The Commanderin-Chief was distracted by the most oppoSite opinions. In short, nothing was done. Then came news that the men of the 3rd Cavalry at Moerut had refused to receive even the old cartridges which they had always fired, and they openly told European officers assembled to investigate the matter that their objection was not incdividual; that they would fire if the rest of the army sanctioned their doing so, but not otherwise. Here, then, the matter seemed to be brought to a point. Surely now was the time to settle something,elther to yield to the religious panic and military combination, or to force compliance by European bayonets and cannon. Certainly there was nothing to inquire by evidenceintheparticularcase, themenavowedtheirdisobedience. But what was done? Why, an ordinary routine court-martial was ordered, and duly sat, on 85 troopers. The court-martial was composed of native officers,* a large proportion of whom came from Delhi. They were as obedient as native court-martials have usually been; the troopers were in due course found guilty, and senteneod to lengbhened terms of imprisonment-a felon's 10 years, I think. " ' The court is over,' wrote the presidlng officer on the 9th of May, 'and those fellows have got 10 years a-piece. You will hear of no more mutinies.' " The convicted prisoners were in the course of the most ordinary routine made over to the civil gaol, " Meantime the Commander-in-Chief at Simla quietly awaited the course of events. On Sunday the 10th of May there was an alarm among the native troops at lUmbaUaa; many flew to their arms. A rising seemed at one time lmmi. nent, but the men were brought round. The affair was attributed to misapprehension, and it was supposed to be over. Still things were in a very ticklish, uncomfortable state. " On the morning of Monday, May 11, the telegraph at Umballa spoke from Delhi:-' The Meerut troops have come over. There is a disturbance in the city. Several officers said to be killed.' A little later it spoke again :-' General massacre of the Christian lnhabitants. I can stay no longer. 1 am off.' And telegraphic communication ceased. This news was forwarded to the Punjab and to Simla. At Simla it appears that it was not believed. The Commander-in-Chief did not come down, but a direct requsition to Kussowleo brought down to UmbaUa in a couple of days Her Majesty's 75th Regiment. There were already there Her Majesty's 9th Lancers and two troops of Horse Artillery, and the peace of that station was proserved. " On the receipt of the first news at Juliandur the officer in command immediately sent off two companies of Her Majestys 8th to Philor, about 23 miles distant, where in an isolated fort, in' charge of a regiment of Native Infantry, was one of our principal magazines, and the Europeans secured the fort. " At Lahore the commanding officer paraded his whole force, and disarmed tho native troops. " The extent of the evil does not, however, seemn to have been generally recognized on receipt of the telegraphic messages; but shortly foUowed letters from Meerat, and from fugitives arrived at Kurnaul, which put the matter beyond doubt, and by the morning of Thursday, May 14! the realityof the outbreak was known at Slmla. On that day the Commander-in-Chief went down, and the two remaining European regiments in the hils were ordered down, to be followed by the Ghoorka battalion, near Simla. Here It may be well briefly to recapitulate the actual facts of the original outbreaks as they are now known. "On the evening of Sanday, May IO, the 3d Cavalry mutinied, galloped to the Civil Gaol, broke it, and released the 85 troopers under sentence, with other prisoners. They then rushed into the native infantrylines, wore joined bytbe infantry, and a general rising of the native troops took place. Several officers were killed in the first scuffle; some escaped; some were permitted by their men to depart. Night closed on thenative portion of the cantonment (which is very much separated from the European portion) in open and bloody rsbellion. Many of the inhabitants of the Cantonment Bazaar, among whom the butchers were conspi. cuous, took part with the insurgents, and were more savage than the Sepoys. Two or three ladies and some children were murdered, it is sid, by these people, with circumstances of frightful barbarity. In short, all who did not escape to the European lines feU victims. "The Bazaar people of Meerut seem'to have taken a more decided part against us than the same class at any other stations in the whole story of the rebellion. But I may here remark generally on the part taken by non-military natives, It Is certain that the religious panic or ferment previous ta the outbreak was confined to the army. It was in no degree shared by the general population of the country, and throughout the rebelion, so far as we have yet seen, with the exception of certain predatory tribes, the populationthas most decidedly shown no disposition suddenly to rise against us, but the contrary. Under all circumstances, since the actual outbreak, the police and civil establishments and private servants have also behaved well. Hardly anywhere has there been a civil outbreak in the first instance, even iQ the most unprotected places. " All the private servants in the camp before Delhi (all Hindostanees) have behaved admirably. Yet t whatever station a military outbreak has occurred some extraordinary fascination seems to have drawn inmanyof the Hindostanee servants of Government and private servants. They have very frequently deserted their masters and joined the mutineers, even when the chances of that party were the worst, At Meernt the General's old butler was found in his pantry smashing his china and lamps. 'What are you about?' he They say .hat all these officers were z=rdered ater the octbrek. was asked. 'Oh,' he said, 'you have had your rule; it is our turn now.' Certainly a mani seems to Infest the Eindostanee mind, and any one may at any time fall a vie. tim to it. " But to return to events at Meerut. At that station the European forces were stronger than at any station in India, and it is a curious feature of the outhreak, and one much tending to supporc the belief In a 6ostd! 4panle, that moet of the first and most serious outbreaks occurred at the stations of European troops; but at Meernt the effect of the strong force-the regiments of European cavalry and riles and large artillery-was muoh marred by the ineffloiency of the general commanding, an offioer regarding whom opinionst are not divided, and who, after long paralyzing the action of the troopg, has at last been deposed. It appears that even in canton nents the defensive actiou was not what it ought to have been, and it is certain that, having drawn up the superior European force, the mutineers were permitted to depart unmolesfted and unpursued, and so ended the Meerut outbreak. There, as at most other stations, the proportion of Sepoys who remained faithful was but a very small minority. " At Delhi, on that night, the Europeans slumbered pezoeably, and the large eantonment, garrisoned exclusively by native troops, was undisturbed; but in the morning came new athat some cavalry troopers were crossingthe bridge of boats on the Jumna. The number who finrst arrived was very small. It is said that 30 troopers have revolutionized India. They took possession of the bridge of boats, rushed into the city, and created a riot there. The 54th Native Infantry was ordered down to preserve order, and the Colonel marched at their head in the fullest confidenoe inhis regiment. When they got into the oity a mere hand. ful of troopers-about 15, it is said-came galloping up; the Sepoys did not resist them, and the troopers pistoUed the European offioers, whohad, generally,no firearms. Coafusion followed; the 54th joined the rebels, the scum of the population of the city did the sams and, in brief, from that time Delhi was in possession of the rebels, and all the Christian population within the wails, with the exosption of the few who by various chanoes escaped, were massacred, The chief civil officers fell; the bank, printing.press, xnd other non-military establishments (at Delhi the civil station is, in fact, within the city walls) wero plundered, the inmates murdered, and the slaughter of inferior Europeans, hilf-cnstes, and Christians living in Delhi must have been great, In fsot, it may be generally remarked throughout the massacres that, though in so many instanceg the most prominent Europeans possessed of 3uperior means have escaped, and little notice has been taken of the fate of the inferiors, the mmsacre of clerks, half-castes, &co, and their families has been frightfuL These people seem to havo seldom escaped. " l'he conduct of the native regiments at Delhi certainly does not evidencoe any pre-arranged conspiracy. On tbe contrary, they seem to have been quite taken by surprise, and to have been undocided how to act. No massacre took place in cantonments; in fact, the regiments left there seem Ito nave stayed with their officers the greater part of the day, aud only graduaUy and passively went over or refused to act. The officers and ladies were collected at one point, and long and anxiously did they confidenutly expect the arrival of aid from Meerut. hutineers in abundance arrived thence; but the day wore away, and so European troops came. Some thoughtful mutineer-whether in mercy or in triumph we know not-sent up in a cart and deposited before the sursivors the bodies of the officers klled in the city. Biter indeed must have been the feelings of those who remained. There were in Delhi two magazines-one in the city, on5 in cantonments. In the former there was agreat explosioa which seems to have caused a general belief, much mislead. ing popular European opinion, that the Delhi magazine had been destroyed. Ido not exactly know what was destroyed, but I may here mention at once that it since appears that the destruction must have been very partial indeed, and that practically, the great Delhi magazine, with Its stores of every kind, fell into the hands of the rebels. Perhaps it would have been better if we had sooner appreciated this fact. " In the evening of the day of the Delhi outbreak the survivors in cantonments finding themselves graduaUy deserted bytheir men and without aid from Mcernt, determined to fly. They had a number of carriages of different kinds ; most of them took the road to Kurnaul; some few that to Meerxt and they generaUy escaped in safety. Other stragglerB from various quarters had more difficult and perilous escapes, wandering fugitives from vlllage to village; some were thus wandering for several weeks before they reached European relatives, and they endured most cruel hardships of want and weather. But generally the behaviour of the villagers was kind; most sheltered and assisted-none aotuaaUy attacked them. The Brahmin dillagers in par. ticular-there are a good many agricultural Brahmin villages scattered about that part of the country, showed them the groatest kindness, and gave thema active protection " So, then, ended tho great act of the great rebellion. Let us see the position in which it placed the rebels. They numbered ixL regiments of Infantry and one of Cavalry, at least, far the greater part of each regiment was present, and a battery of Native Artilery. They had undisputed pos. session of the great city of Delhi-the historical, and, in our days certainly, the commercial capital of Upper Indiathe richest and finest place in the North-West Provinces, or we may say in native India. They had in their hands the grand magazine of Upper India-a magazine which always contained two first-olass sege trains in a complete state of preparation (I believe there were 6424-pounders), besides all sorts of guns, implements and ammunitions innumerable, and a great small-arms magazine, containing I am afraid to say, how many thousand stand of smaU arms. The city was completely walled and fortified, almost the only town in India the fortifications of which we had kept in complete repair. The city rampart had been maintained as a matter of police, and to this we had added modern Scientific bastions, good and strong, and on one (that which we now attaok) the considerable modern fortifications of the Cashmeree gate. The treasury was one of the largest in the Upper Provinces, and,strauge to say, was not divided by the mutineers, but stored up for future use. Finally, there was in Delhi (and his presence has been of the greatest political importance) a ready-made King of groat historical associations, whose name acts as a powerful appeal to that great Mahomedan portion of the populatioc which was least affected by the original religions ferment. This King was from the beginning adopted and setup by the mutMieers. " Here, then, was a nucleus with a vengeance. Fortune had indeed favoured the mutiny. On that Monday morning a company of IEuropeans at Delhi would probably have put down the riot, and the Moernt affair would have been but an isolated mutiny; as it was, in a few hours the mutiny found itself a strong political power, with a great fortified city, the most ample munitions of war, abundant treasures and a King bearing a great name. Join all this to the wide spread ferment and known disaffection ofJthe whole Sepoy army, and were not those justifiedj who took the gravest view of the crisis? Was the confidence reasonable of those who made sure that a couple of European regiments would soon put it all down? | It remains to be seen what extentTof Maahomedan conspiracy may be brought to light ;1but I myself cannot believe tha' any definite secret Iwas 'confided to the mass of the Sepoys. A general ;ferment and discon. tent there was, and that ferment may have been fomented by designing persons. It jfirst and chiefly affeed the Hindoos, but the Mahomedan Sepoys never stood aloof. All the Hindostanees, the men of Hindostan Proper, seemed to be united in It. Ouar misfortune, however, has been that whereas, as I have'said, it first and most nearly touched the Hindoos,J they forming the vast majority of the Sepoys, the ,actual mutiny has been for the most part a Hindoo affair, and is so inuDelhi to tho present day (cow-killing is not permitted, and the Hind.c have quite the upper hand), so].that we have lost the Hindoo army; yet the nominal setting up of the King of Delhi has quite given the Mahomedans the belief in a resuscitation of the fahomedan rule,7and the irregular Mahomedan troops and others who had, orginaly no sympathy wlth the Sepoys are mnow foUowing thom. From the occurrence of the first overt rebelion in a cavalry regiment (containing a large proportion of Mabomedans), and the exceedingly sncoessful rush to; Delhl, it is not improbable that there was there local and Mahomedan conspiracy. If so, the conspirators have played a most succeesful game, and as yet have thoroughly succeeded in uniting against us the Hindoos and Mahomcdans of the army, and a great many of the population. " Delhi was an unhealthy place, and there wa some reason for not stationing there Enropean troops. The fortification of the town was senseless, and seems to have been kept up as an ornament and plaything. But of all the mradnessse3 which lead to ruin surely none could have been more flag. rant than that which left our greatest magazine in Delhi among the most dangerous population In India, and scantily proteted by native troops, while the great European sa a- tion of Mleerut wo -ld so much more naturaly have been selected. The Delhi magazine was not even in cantonment; but in the crity under a small guard. The danger of this had beon irequently noticed, and part of the stores] were moved to a )New magazine In cantonments, but small has been that g&in. It seems to be the samo generally with these matters. On the same haphazard principle our next large magazine (and that on which we have depended for our operations against Delhi) was established at the petty station of Philioor, ness the Sutle;-for apparently no botter reason than that there chanced to be au old Vort there, and a Native Infantry Regiment was left to guard it4jWe owe it to chance And the eleetrio telegraph that this magazine was saved by the timely arrival of a few Europeans and the tardiness of the native regimeut which ha. sinoe mutinied. Thp next magazine was at Ferozepore, also a most singular plaoe to select for that purpose; and the Delhi outbreak was almost immediately followed by the outbreak of the Native Infantry regiments there, and an attempt to seize the magazine. But, fortun1ately, there Was at Ferozepore a European regiment, and the magazine was saved; though such is the dread of responsibility, which seems to affect to so wonderful a degree all military offloers under our present system, that an Artillery officer is id, when the Sepoys were scaling the magazine, to have declined to fire on them, because he had i eceived no instructions. The first sucoces of the Sepoys was, then, confined to Delhi, and there seemed to follow a certain lull, pending which I may shortly review the circumAstances on which the rebellion hinges. It seems certain that the number of European troops in India has not been increased in oonsequence of recent acquisitions-Oude, Burmah, &c. -but have rather been In some degree transferred to the new territories, to the denudation of the older possessions in which we felt so seuore; and it has been matter of comn plaints that, of the nominal regiments on the establishument by far the greater number have been allowed to fall far below their proper strength-several thousand men are wanting to complete them, " Of the Buropean regiments attached to the Bengal Presidency a lArge proportion were absorbed by two extreme posasions, hrdly forming prtt of IndLa-Burmah and Peshawur. Three regiments held our as yet profitles5 Burmese conquests; three more were c&ntoned with a large arillery in the Peshawar valley; while a fouth held the approach to that frontier at Attock and iawvl Pindee The principal stations of the Punjab were well garrisoned with European regiments, one being at each of the stations of LAhore, Sealkote, Ferozepore, Jullundur, and Umbzlah (Dragoons), while in the Simla Hills were three regiments one of which may properly be oonsidered as belonging to Umballah, and two formed a kind of reserve. The greater proportion of the European Artillery was also in the Punjab hlooltan alone, of the chief places, was without a European regiment. In Oude was but one European regiment transferred to Lucknow from Cawnpore, And in all our older provinces the want of Europeans was most marked. Taoughout the whole Government of the North-Wester Provinces, the country of Hindostan and the Hindostanees, there were, besides the newly-arrived regiment of Dragoon, at Meerut, but two infantry battalions-one at Mweert, one at Aga In the Bengal division there were but two, at Dinapore and Calcutta. Cawnpore, Alhahabad, and Benares were entirely withoaut European troop, saving a very few Artillerymen. "Then, as regards the native army, the whole of the regular infantry were, as it were, one single clan and clique, a certain description of men, mostly high caste Hindoos, from a particular part of the country, united by many ties and constant correspondence. On several previous occasions they had gradually learnt to combine and mutiny. Latterly commanding offioers had been directed to recruit to some extent in the Punjab, and, in many instance3, had done so. But the old class, who hated the innovation, made the position of the new men uncomfortable, and the experiment was not always suocessful. These new men were, in all cases, but a small minority. It had unfortunately happened that offioers of the ltne commandiag regiments in contingents, &c., called Irregular, had been allowed to compose theirregimense of exactly the oldmaterial the tall clean orderly Jack Sepoys, who looked well on parade gave no trouble to anyone, and supplied all vacancies with their own brothers and cousins. Sach were the Gwaliors and other contingents. Attached to the regular army were bat four or five regiments not belonging to this class-viz., about four regiments of Ghoorkas and two of Sikhs and Panjabees. " Certainly the tendency of recent management has been towards depriving the old Sepoy class of their monopoly, and of their exemption from foreign service and exclusive privileges to do what they liked; in factthey were somewhat falling into despair, but stiU their position was not seriously touched. "The Commander-in-Chief (General Anson) had not made himself popular with this class. When he had seen them his remarks were principaIty confined to pointing out faults, which certainly required correction, in both officers and men, and he had introduced new drills and new rules which they dislked, since they got no extra pay for them' Hence it is undoubted that they hated General Anson, and attributed all kinds of evil to him. " The cavalry and artillery were of a class somewhat different from the Infantry Sepoys and contained a much larger proportion of Mahomedans. "The Irregular Cavalry were a superior class, owning their own horses and arms, chiefly Mahomedans, and without much in common with the regular soldiers. " Of the Bengal army, beyond the troops in the large cantonments of Barrackpore and Dinapore (in Behar), there were but very few regiments (only two or three) in unwar lke Bengal; the remainder were divided between the North. West Provinces nd the Panjab, including also Oude, RFajpootana, and thelSaugor territories. " In the Punjab there was, boeides, quite a large local army under the Immaediate orders of the Chief Commis. sioner, both Cavalry and Infantry, and a little Artillery. This force was principally composed of Punjabees, Sikhs, and Mahomedans, with some intermixture of Hindos tanees. " In Oude there was also a local army, I presume prin. cipaUy Hindostanees. " In Bengal there wera but two or three local battalions. Under the Lieutenant-Governor of the North-West Provinces alone there was not one soldier whom he could call his own. He raled EHndostan proper with the support only of two European Regiments and a Sepoy army, over whom he had no authority whatever. "As regards civid adminlstrations, the Punjab, Oude, and the Saugor territories were Non-Regulation provinces, governedlIn simple and arbitrary style. The North-West Provinces' districts were Regulation, and though the rnagis. teral and revenue administrations were to a great extent efficient, they were certainly oppressed by the Regulation civil courts, which had created great revolutions in the tenure of property and must have left many discontented spirits. " I have said, however, that there has been little popular rising, with certaiu exceptions. But It has been another chance in favour of the rebellion that the country about Delhi happens to be ful of the predatory tribes, who form the exception. The chief of these are the Googurs, a vagabond race, whose hand is against every man, and who bave no religion in particular. Still we had kept them down, and under our rule, though thievish and bad payers, they for the most part kept the peace. It could hardly have been anticipated that on the first outbreak they would have risen so geeraly and vigorously. But our officers were hardly out of the Delhi cantonments when they were plundering in them, and they have much disorganized the country about Meerut and Delhi, though they have met with some severe punishments. "Notwithstanding all that had happened, there seemed soon after the first outbreak to be something of a lull. Deserters from Umbalah and Ferozopore, no doubt, went to Delhi. Those of the Ferozepore Sepoys who had returned and laid down their arms were eventually disbanded by order and permitted to depart as recruits to Delhl, and some of the 9th Native Infantry and parties irom Agra took into Delhi the treasure from several adjacent stations. At Meerut a man of the Sappers and Miners shot the commanding officer; a commotion ensued, the guns were turned upon them, and they fled. Those who escaped went to Delhi But still wholo regiments and large bodies of troops did not immediately mutiny. Some of the rioters who had stopped the communications were put downr, and for a time the diik [right through to Calcutta was open as usuaL Altogether there seemed to be some reaction. The panic, however, among all the Europeans resident in India was very gre, and made them unmanageable in a degree which certainly tended to render all arrangement, more difficult and to extend the belief in our disasters in the minds of the natives. Another result which has obtained in a wonderful degree is this, that you can believe no one. People seem to hsve lost the use of their senses, and those whom you would have implicitly believed tell the most wonderfully unfounded stories. In short, there is no end to canards. It is, as far as possible, to distingaish truth from falsehood that I so much recapitulate. Perhaps the most notable example of the panic was at the popular hill station of Simla, so full of ladies and chUdren. The Ghoorkas stationed close by were believed to be thoroughly stanch and were ordered dolwn with the Europeans. I believe they were mismanaged-they broke into mutiny and refused to go-still I believe they had no bloody intentions Bt Simla was exited by the nevws from Delhi, and when it was reported that the Ghoorkas had mutinied a wild flight ensuosd-men, women, and children fled without food and without covering into the recesses of those frightfaUy pre- cipitous hills. However, eventually the matter was compromised with the Ghoorkas; the greater part of them went down and have done good service. In that fine climate and among the friendly population of the hills the refugees took no harm, and gradually returned to the protection of a party of the Ghoorkas left behind. " On the 15th the Commander-in-Chief reached Umballah and within three or four days there were under his orders there, besides the 9th Lancers and two troops of Horse Artillery, the three infantry regiments from the hills. it should, however, be explained that, owing to the oriinal deficiency in numbers, the large dep;ts left In the hill stations and the necessity of leaviag a party at Umballa,
ENCUMIBERED ESTATES COURT. The following Is the seventh annual report and summary of proceedings in the Encumbered Estates Court, from the filing of the first petition, viz., the 25th of October, 1849, to the 31st of A ugust, 1857, being the concluding day of the seventh session of the Comrission, arranged in 14 tables:- 1. Number of petitions presented, including those for partition and exchange as well as for sale 4,164 (Of the ab)ove about 800 were supplemental, withdrawnc, and dismissed petitions.) 2. Number of absolute orders for sale. . 3,841 3. Number of matters in which owners presented petitions ... ... ... ... ... ... 1,245 (Of the first 100 petitions six were presented by owners. Of the last 100 petitions the owners of estates presented 53.) 4. Number of matters in which owners were bank- rupts or insolvents ... ... ... ... 357 (In very many other cases the owners of estates became bankrupts or insolvents after the petitions were presented, and the proceedings were subsequently carried on in the name of their assignees.) 5. Number of conveyances executed by the Coin- missioners... ... ... ... ... ... 7,283 6. Number of estates or parts of estates sold by pro. vincial auction, subsequently confirmed by the Commissioners ..,. ... ... .. 383 By private proposal, accepted by the Commis- sioners ... ... ... ... ... ... 3:8 The remainder of the premises comprised in the above 7,283 conveyances were all sold by public a,uction, in court, before the Commissioners. 7. Number of lots sold, viz. By public auction, in court ... ... 7,270 By provinclal auction ... .. ... 1,436 By prlvate contract .. . 1,621 - 10, 327 When the same person became the purcbaser of several lots he generally had them included in the same conveyance. S. Number of boxes containing npwards of 250,000 documents and muniments of title, deposited in the Ilecord-office ... .. ... ... 2,395 '.. Number of cases which had been pending in the Court of Chancery before being brought into the Encumbered Estates Court... ... ., 1,267 10. Number of Irish purchasers ... ... ... 7,180 11. Number of English, Scotch, and foreign pur- chasers .. ... ... ... ... ... 309 12. Amount of purchase-money paid by English, Scotch, and foreign purchasers . ... £2,836,295 0 0 13. Gross procecds of sale to 31st August, 1857:- Bypublic auction, in court ... £13,941,207 10 0 By provincial auction ... ... 2,824,381 0 0 By private contract ... ... ... 3,710,3G7 18 4 £20,475,956 8 4 14. ACCOI NTAST's OFFIcE.-Table showing the amount paid on account of purchase-money of properties sold, and funds distributed, ad of credits allowed to encumbrancers wvho became purchasers, and funds at present in court, and purchaso-money of recent sales not yet lodged: T otal amount of purchase-money, as above, from 25th of October, 184'J, to 31st of August, 1857, both days inclu- sive... .. .. .. .. ..20,473,956 S 4 Amount distributed by order of the Com- missioners, in cash ..........11,688,28S 14 .....3 Ditto in stock..... .. .. ..4,223,349 12 1 Amount of absolute credits to purchasers on focot of encumbrances vested in them and applied with consent of Commissioners in payment of their purchase- money .. . . . .2,822,589 3 5 Total amount of funds distributed £18,734,227 9 9 Funds on hands: Cash in bank... ..£366,988 18 0 Newv 3 per Cent. Stock... 964,236 19 3 Throeeper Cent. Consols 115,345 13 7 £1,446,571 1010 THOMSON SEED, Accountant.£2,879 07 Note.-The funds here returned as on hands are subject to be still further reduced by-. !First. The amount of sums already a]lo- cated to parties, and to trustees of sottlements, and the like, but where, from the deaths of the parties, or some of them, entitled thereto, or from some other cause, those SUmUS cannot at pre. sent be paid out of court, Second. By amount set apart by the Com- missioners' fiats, on account of conflict-. ing claims (the subject of litigation in the Court of Chancery, or elsewhere, and not yet decided on) respecting the sums comprised in such fiats. Difference between the amount realized by the sales and the amount accounted for below.... .. .. ..295,157 7 9 This difference arises from- £2,795 84 First. Certain provisional credits having been conditionally allowed to encumbraueersvwho became purchasers, but which credits, not having been yet made absolute, are not returned as payments, or as credits absolutely allowed in the books of the accountant; and Secondly. From the non-lodgment in court of the amount of certain of the sales recently had. Statistics-office, COct. 24. C. M. OItM8BY,
IRELAND. (FROM OUR OWN CORPESPON'DENT.) DUBLIN, OCT. 22. THE ORANGE SOCrETYh The Ereeman's Jot1nal, defending Chancellor Brady from the furious assaults of the Conservative organs, makes the following curious statement in reference to the reorganization of the Orange institute, after it had been condemned by the voice of Parliament when put upon its trial some 20 years back:- "It is true (says the Freeman) that the revived association was organized under ' new rules' and a new constitution, but it is also true that these new rules were devised and this new constitution framed not to meet and comply with, but to evade and to defeat the law, and the intention was to restore the ' conspiracy' to its ancient dimensions, to give renewed vitality to the evil which the Legislature attempted to suppress,-to retain, In fact, all that was mischievous in the denounced confederacy, and yet to evade the letter of the law under which the old confederation was suppressed. This was the avowed and unconcealed object of the ' new rules' devised by the late Attorney-General of Lord Derby, and it must be admitted that Mr. Napier con. trived his cidles with all the ability for which he is so justly prized as a criminal lawyer, and did successfully frame a constitution under which this 'dangerous conspiracyl was revived, but which did not bring its members within the scope of the special Act framed for the suppression of the Orange system. Mr. Napier defeated the lhw. He drove the Orange coach through the Act of Parliament, and though Orangeism, as revived, was morally as crininal and socalKly as 'dangerous a conspiracy' aS ever, it possessed this indemnity, that its ' new rules' having been devised to defeat a special Act of Parliament-the only one enacted against it-its members could not be made amenable to any existing law.' It is only right to add that Mr. Napier is not, and never was, a member of the Orange Society. fr. Daniel O'Connell, the Irish Jehu for driving a coachand-six through an Act of Parliament, always did so for the preservation of some confederacy or association of which he was the alpha and omega. COMPLTDIENAPY. A Tipperary priest, writing in the congenial columns of the Kilkenny Journal, draws a lugubrious and not very flattering sketch of politics and politicians, as they are to be found at present in the once-famed county of Tipperary. The Roman Catholic clergymen referred to by the writer had in their day been very ardent agitators, but the episcopal curb has for a long time past restrained them fromtaking part in affairs of a purely temporal nature: "We have not a word about politics here. You could not distinguish a Whig from a Nationalist among us at pre. sent. Those who were most ardent in your time here have not a kick in them; they all went off the stage with the ' leader.' Besides, it is useless to talk of politics at present; and then, again, we have a new bishop, who might strap us up if we entered once more into the political arena. The honest men are all prostrated -the English Treasury would corrupt any place less holy than Hieaven itself. We are a nation of p lace beggars. See how our honest frlends in the diccess of w aterford-Father Meany, Father Shanahan, and the rest of them-were treated. it is useless to talk of priests in politics while this system prevails." FOOD PROSPECrS IN ETHE WEST. One of the Mayo papers gives a rather gloomy account of the returns of the harvest in that quarter. From all previous reports no one was prepared for the following statement, which appears in the Castlebar Telegraph of yesterday .- " The last week and the week before were very severe on the poor farmers, and much against the operations of the extensive agriculturists also. But, happily, a change for the better has set In, and it is to be hoped that advantage will be taken of it to finish the harvesting of the potato. It would be useless to deny the ravages that the blight has made this season in the poor man's part of the food crop. The potato is small, and, being arrested in its growth by the disease at an early period, exhibits none of the signs of the olden times in taste, flavour, or appearance on the table. On the whole, th crop is a great failure. We are not of those who regard the grain crop as satisfactory. The price of all kinds of provisions at present would hardly warrant the assertion that there Is a prospect of abundance. The farmers would do-well to ponder over the state of the potato this season, and reflect whether they might not have prevented much of the evil had they put in the crop in time. The late system must be given u. After the ist of April the potato planting should cease; tnere is hardly a chance of a crop for those who delay the work after that period. The wheal sowing should now commence as soon as the land can be got ready, and those who would have good early potatoes should remember that this is the time to plant in such places as can be secured from the winter frosts." TIIE CIRCUMLCUTION OFFICE, The Cork Relorter- has been favoured by a gaUant officer with an extract from a letter dated Calcutta, the 9th of September, which exposes the extreme state of confusion and want of preparation which prevail at the seat of the Indian Government. The writer says:- "Our men have not yet arrived, and the officers already here are in a sort of unrecognized state. The military departments are in the greatest confusion, and had we no other proof, they alone would tell us there Is something rotten about the Bengal army. With regard to our own anm, we cannot get any authentic information as to what available material there is in the country, the ! mutineers have captured guns and stores at so many places. The arsenal at Fort William can only fmrnish one ninepounder battery, and the Commissary of Ordnance thinks there are two batteries at Allalabad, which is the nearest arsenal to this, and you know the distance that is. There is, however, one nine-pounder battery completely equipped and horsed at Barrackpore, about 16 miles from here, which I believe one of our companies is to take over, though Sir Colin won't say so positively till the men come. Then, the battery in Fort William is complate, but not horsed, which we hope to get when six horses can be procurnd; that there will be some delay about, as the ruffians havc taken some of the Government studs. So far, we can see our way to bringing two batteries into the field; but there are two troops of horse artillery, and six companies expected from England, entirely dependent upon tbis country for equipment, besides the other two China companies which may arrive at any time. It is an intolerable nuisance not knowing the language of this place, -S servants, messengers, drivers, & speak nothing else, and you may fancy the number of petty annoyances strangers are subjected to on that account, who do not know who, what, or where anybody or thing is. We are housed in an old barrack, about two miles from the town, a very inconvenient distance, as walking in the daytime is quite out of the question, and the garry (a fourwheeled covered 'shay') drivers are such independent follows it is no easy matter to find conveyance, and a buggy is not to be had under seven rupees a-day, and this with difficulty. I should only mislead you were I to attempt to tell you how matters are going on up the country, as I am not in the way of getting official news, but I send you a copy of the latest paper published before the departure of the Mall," THE CUSTOYS FRAUDS IN 'BELFAST. A Belfast correspondent of Saidtlers's NYetsletter writes as foLlows, The letter is dated last night:- "- There is no longer any doubt entertained that John James Moore, the principal in the large robberies of tea and the fraud on the Customas in Belfast,lhas succeeded in effect. ing his escape to America by the steamer Asia. He managed matters most adroitly. On the Thursday, while the Customhouse officers were searching his bonded stores and loosing the chests, of which some 780 turned out to be 'dummies, containing, instead of tea, turf, bricks, and straw, he was seen on 'Change, chatting unconcernedly and throwing suspicion off its guard. He did not leave Belfast bytheLiverpool boat that evening, nor did he leave Belfast by the early express train for Dublin, but he took a car, drove to Lisburn, where he entered one of the up trains to Dublin, and it was from your city that he crossed the ChanneL A gentleman from Stockport met him on board after the steamer left Kingstown, and there could be no doubt about the identification. Moore was just in time in Liverpool to proceed by the Asia, and Bates the private detective officer, who was formerly connected with the Liverpool police establishment, saw a person every Iway answering his description going on board the Asia and paying for a second-class passage with a 201.-note. At this time a telegraphic despatch respecting Moore was in the hands of the Liverpool police, but It now appears it had not been acted upon. A detective officer was despatohed to Liverpool from Belfast on Friday night by the Semaphore steamer, but he arrived just in time to be too late, as the Semaphore and Asia passed each other at the Sloyne. Immediately on his landing on the quays, hearing that the delinquent had succeeded in getting off, he telegraphed to Belfast, and a steamer, with an Admiralty flag and offi. cers on_board, armed with a warrant for AMoore's arrest, isfi, ews in. the expectation. of I inecetn theA- left Beiast id the exetation of intercepting the Asia in the North Channel, on her outward passage. They were disappointed; the Asia had taken the southern route. Tie steamer which put out from Queenstown to intercept her and arrest the delinquent was not more successful, for, the precaution of providing an Admiralty flag not having been taken, the commander of the Asia would not stop for the signal, and Moore is now laughing at his dupes in some corner of the great Republic, and speculating as to the beat way of employing his iL.gotten gain. His clerk, Harbison, is still in custody, not having succeeded in gettlng bail; and the other alleged particeps criminis, Henley, is at large, his friends having promptly come forward to give the necessary baiL Both are bound, as stated in a previous communication, to appear at the assizes for triaL I may add that large quantities of Moore's teas are unpaid for to the London anc Liverpool houses; that he received a good deal of cash in town from parties to vhom he sold chests at he l ng price, representing them as ' duty aid;' and that, so plausible was his manner of proceeding,'hse succeeded inL takIng in some of the most eminent houses in town. The extent of the fraud on the Customs is uuder 5,0001., and en private parties it 'will reach so ne 10,0001." COnRREG GIO'S " MAGDALEN."A private letter from Dresden says:-" An English artist named Ross has created quite a sensation here by the successful way in which he has copied several of the pictures in the gallery, particularly the celebrated 'Magdalen,' of Correggio. The last picture is considered the gem of the gallery, and the Germanartists admit that our countryman's copy is the best that has ever been made. Is not this a feather in our artistc cap 1" A duplicate of the 1 "Magdalen," painted by Correggio, the property of Lord Ward, was in the Man. chester Art Treasures Exhibition, and a third picture, also by the artist, but differing somewhat from the other two, Is In the Florence Gallery.
QOURT OFBANKRUPTUY, BainghadVsr4 Oct. 23. -- - - ---s . _12 RX SMITH, iMLDER S3MIT. A1D SCRTKVRNC. (Befo c Mr. ComMasiMnr FATSFi ie OanJuptsaPtWre the proprietors of the Hastings Old Bank. This was the examination meeting. The bankrupts' account, as prepared by Messrs. Tnrquand and Young, extend frona &July 22, 1852, to June 27, 1857, and contain the following items :-Dr., to wusecured creditors, 124,3741.- ditto, holders of notes, 25,1851.; profits, 44,497. Cr., eash Aandte to the official signee, 6,592!X property, estimaLted to realize 104,8251.; losses, 22,4231.; an expenses, 12,9801.;profity, 16,8001, ; deficiency July 22, 1852, 15,2601.; dference in books, 19741. To the item of deficiency July22, 1852, 15 260., is affixed a note that the amount will be inoreased gy any losE in realizing the partners' overdrawn accounts, the account of Tilden Smith being overdrawn 9,923L, and that of Francis Smith 8,566. The credit balances of the other two partners at the time of the stop pae were James HUder, 2,4321,; George Scrivens, 2,856! Mr. Bagley, Mlr. Gregaon, and Mr. Young appeared for the joint estate, and AG. A. Turner for the separate estate of Francis Smith. 3lr.LA.wRANLCE, for the bankrupts, said lMr. Francis Smith and M r. Scrivens would now pass their examination with the consent of all parties. As regarded Mfr. Tilden Smith, he was 87 years of age, and so afficted with paralysis as to be unable to be present to-day. He understood that it was wished that he should be examined, and he was sure that if the registrar of the Court would take the examination at Hastings the fullest information would be readfy given. He feared that there was but slight probability of Mr. Smith being able to come to town. As regardod 1r. Rlder, he was in attendance, and he understood that the assignees required from him some information. Mr. BAGLEy.-Indeed we do require a great deal. The COMassiO2 .-What is hiS age? Mr. I&WnANCE-85 or 87 years Mr. BAGLEY said, as regarded Mr. Hilder, there wa3 a great deal of property not yet traced. He had a private ledger, which was stated to have been destroyed by his wife, and to relato to transactions with his sons. The ComumloNmS&0NYoa wish to examine him ? Mr. BAGLZEY.-Yes. Mr. LAwx&NcE suggestod that it would not be desirable to commence the examination at that late hour of the day. He suggested an adjournment. The COuRT conorred, and said ii would be takea at 11 to-morrow (Saturday). MIr. LwuxuNCE said the official assignee had already In hand upwards of 85,0001., and tbat a dividead of 10s. in the pound would be declared under the joint estate in the course of a few days. A dividend of 20s. in the pound would also be declared under the private estate of Mr. Scrivens, leaving a surplus of 5,0001. to be carried to the joint estate. Mr. BAGLEY.-I wish to put a few questions to Mr. F. Smith before the adjournment of the meeting. Mr. Smith, jun., examined, said there was an entry in his balance-sheet with reference to a promissory note for 001. due in November next, as drawn by George Clement upon Richard Smitn. He (bankrupt) had endorsed that note after the bank had stopped payment. In another page there vasamentionofaloan ofl. asgraDtedin18 by George Clement to Mr. Barron. He had given a guarantee to Clemeat for the amount. Ho thoughtthat guarantee wasin writing Had little doubt about Its being in writing. Mr. trancis Smith and Mr. Scrivens then pased their examination, and Thursday, the 17th of December, at 12, was appointed for their cerificate meeting. An adjournment of their examination to the same time was ordered in the case of the other bankrupts. The object of the examination of Mr. HUder is understood to have reference to settlements executed in 1852, in favour of his sons, to the amount of about 10,0001., and in case the said settlements shoald be set aside a confident expectation is entertained that the bank estate will pay 15s. in the pound. mN 1;E EICHAR1 SMIITh The bankrupt was a farmer at Saleshurst, Susse His debts and liabilities are about 40,0001., of which 18,0001. are due totho Hastings Old Bknk. The assets are about 6,0001. The accounts not being ready, an adjonrnment of the banlkrupt's examination was ordered. Mr. A. Turner appeared for the assignees.
POLICE, M"91r0-}l.sOUSx-The Rev. W. W. Champneys and the Rev. T. J. Rowseel, the former the incumbent of White. chapel, and the latter of St. Peter's Church, Stepney, at. tended before the LORD MAYOR, accompanied by a large number of coalwhippers. Kr. Champneys said that his friend Mr. Rowsell and hlinself had taken very great interest in the welfare of the class of men some of wvhom stood around him. A large number of coalwhippers were at present out of work, having been discharged from the Coalowners'.office on what he be. lieved to be au entire misconception on the part of the coalowners. His friend aud himself had attended the court for the purpose of joining in the appeal of the men, that his Lordship would kindly act as arbitrator in the settlement of the dafferences that at present exlsted between the coal. owners and the coalwhippers. Mr. Rowsell said that the coalwhippers, who were a hard. working, laborious class of men, had for some years been perfectly contented with their treatment and that 19 out of 20 of them would have assented gladly to things continuing as they had been going on. They were then under the protection of an Aet which Mr. Gladstone brought into the House of Commons, and which passed the Legislature, by which an office was appointed by the Government where gangs of men were always employed, and properly em. ployed, they earing a subsistence, but never more than 12s. or 14s. per week at the best of timesr and being perfectly satisfied. There was another system antagonistic to that, by which the publichouses were, in fact, the middlemen, so tht the coslwhippers received their wages at the publichouse-in other words, when their wages were paid them so much was deducted for drink during the week, and there were so many obvious temptations to the poor men to drink, that only a very small proportion of their earnings was carried home to their wives and children. The Government saw the evil of the system, and Mr. Gladstone stated before a committee of the XHouse of Lords that for a long time he was reluctant to believe that such a state of things existed, and very unwilling to interfere in the slightest degree between labour and employment; but the case was so pressing and the immorality that ensued so very serious to society that a temporary Bill was passed with a view of remedying the evils complained of. When the Bill ws brought up for re-enactment Mr. Gladstone pressed its passing at the earnest desire of the coalwhippers. Mr. Lowe, on the part of the coalowners, stated that if the Bill were allowed to drop they would in spirit act up to the law I as it existed; but it was a recedent-interference between employment and labowhich they did not wish to exist - they assured Mr. Lowe-who assured Mr. Gladstone ard others-that if they would allow the Bill to drop the coalwhippers should not be compelled to go to the publichouse to receive their wageg. A fortnight ago a poor coalvwhi per had three days' employment; his week's wages vould have probably amounted to lls., but 7s. 4d. had been deducted from what was due to him by a publicau at Wap. ping for drink. The men were now thrown out of the office, as it at present existed in the hands of the coalowners, because they required ad. or 9d. per ton for whipping, 6d. having been offered them, and afterwards 7d. Now, at 6d per ton a man might earn 8s. or 9s. per week, at the most and probably not so much. Cases of greater distress, of utter misery and destitution, he had scarcely ever witnessed, although he had laboured among the poor for many years. The rev, gentleman narrated some heartrending cases of distress he had witnessed at some of the habitations of the coalwhippers, which he had visited without previous warning to their occupants, and proceeded to say,-These poor fellows wanted the same rate of remuneration as the other men. By dint of great perseverance, andin spite of much opposition, the coal whippers, although they did not succeed in the House of Commons, obtained acommittee in the House of Lords. This was the real grievance. If they had let the coalowners do as they liked, and allowed the old system of publichouse agency to come into full play again, they might have taken their chance of employment. He hoped that when the House of Commons met the old law would be re-enacted. MIr. Gladstone had stated that if he had had the least idea that the spirit of the present coalowners would have been brought to play upon these poor men he would have stood to the last in the House of Commons before he consented to the dropping of the old BilL The men were now most wiUing and anxious that the Lord Mayor should act as mediator, with a view to settling the differences that existed between the coalwhippers and the coalowners. The LORD MAYOR.-Thts is not a new question with me, because the corporation of London saw the difficulties that would arise from the loss of the Bil to which you have referred. We had a great deal to ao with Mr. Gladstone, and were weU acquainted with all the evils resulting from the publichouse agency. The corporation used every meansin their power to get a re-enactment of Mr. Gladstone's measure for the purpose of keeping the men in a proper position with the coalowners, but, unfortunately, the coalowners were exceedigly powerful and the Bill was allowed to drop. The reslt of this has been the greatest distress among these poor men, who, as under the old system which had been abolished, are now again paid their wa,es at the publichouses. If I can mediate with the co Aowners I would most freely offer my humble services, but we know what a powerful body they are, and the question is whether they would accept the mediation of any person. Mr. RowselL-As far as the men are concerned, they are most wiling to submit to whatever decision your Lordship, If you will be kind enough to be their arbitrator, may arrive at in respect to the price they ought to receive for their labour. A coalwhipper named Foley, who acted as spokesmau for the rest, made a statement corroborativo of that of Mr. Rowsell. The LORD MiYoR.-I believe there is not a body of men who work harder than the coalwhipperr, and they certainly form a most respectable class. Unfortunately you have not continual work. I dare say it is considered that 9d. a-ton is a high price. If you were in constant work it would be a different thing. At 6d. per ton what can a man earn a-day when he is at work? Foley.-According to the present state of the market not more than 2s. 5d., and out of that he has to pay 2d. a-day porterage. The LORD MAYO.-How many days' work does he get in a month? Foley.-If he is employed 10 days out of 30 he thinks himself well of. The LORD MAYoR.-The case certainly, as presented to me to-day, does seem a very hard one. I am sure the coalowners would not like you to be placed in a painful position. I have only heard your cease yet, but if matters are as you haTe stated them it is one of the hardest levor I After some further discussion, The LORD MAYOR said he would communicate to hlr. Foster, the chairman of the Coalowners' Association, the nature of the application which the rev. gentlemen had made on behalf of the coalwhippers, and would let them know the result. In the meantime his Lordship handed them 201. fromn the poor-box, for the purpose of enabling them to relieve the most urgent cases of distress. Mr, Rowsell thanked the Lord Mayor for the kindztes and attention with which he had listened to his application. The parties then withdrew. GUILDnaAT.T. -John Willams a tickzet-of-leave ronvict, lesry Pa per aer at 23,oSt Anr. Bw'G,and for fit n Both prisoners oere fauly omfacfted s MAnI,EOoE.-A. poor wroman, a wridowv, nained Arm Lymm, who wapp i del. moHslong, pregnted hentf before pr.emis s of GMs H. adnesday, and handed to h2, a note which had been sent to her bypost. It purported to have been sent to her by " J. S. E.' and the Ictimatson conveaed therein by the w frite was, that ia she would call. u on Broughton at this court she would there find 10sa which had been sent for her hst Monda7, with a reqiest that the safe arrival of the amoun ghtber be acknowledged. The worthy magistrate informed her that no communi caMion of the kind had reached him, and he mane Inqu-ytoof the wiaowv as to how she had been redwhe t her reesent pohdtion, p hen the statement she madb e as that er husba.d, wao wths in the employment of a stonemason at Paddlington, was suddenly deprived ot life by thewvy weight of stone falling upon hi u while Boghted in his work, about sevea week *o. whi had eet th a familo of fonr children, and hor to provide for them she wast m lous to know. The poor woman semed much affeted while rdating her sad storyh qr. BROyIof TOh kindly gave her 5s. to ssist her in her immediate nresdty. She expressed her gratitude for the gift and then left the court. WmaTdew sThte-For the laht two months two ment Peter O'Brien atd Simon O'Brien, brothers, the former in employaent at a vin manufactory at Battersea, snd the latter descrlbing himseU sz a commerodal traveller, have been remafdia from ieek to week, without bail, chrged with a most desperate outg nd murderous assault uDo Policeconstable John ~Witt_aker, 303 V, whose lifeh s been during the greatarlo f to at timeo thep weost imminient d ngera Owg to hi rbsence no notioa could br formed by theite gsneaessi Sned of the cruse her gth itd or tof the aerions injuries he hsd rt.ived. Yesbrday the prlsoners-t twl, owerfmal tishmen-were plet'd in the dock befor i en. broTEs, charged with eloniously asti wa ig hntent to murater the constable, lwo atperesi haffering from the violenre of the desperate assat dpupon oUa Tho constable having been hkorn, was weateo while ghiing his evtdence. ae stated that on S tnday morning, the 2nd of inuggst, a tittle after 12 o'clonk, ue das in Beaufortf strhet, Chelsea, near datoertea-bricges when he heard one of the prdsoneae who was on the bridge, cshing oet for any one to fight with hin. tee wet t on the bridge, where a great dumber of persomts had colected. A young maT came up to him, and stated that he waited to give Simon O'Brcen in charge, by whom ho said he had been. assaulted, alnd weo had a1so attelpted to fwing him over the bridge. Complanart told him thait as he had not seen the athult he cound rot interfere. The prisoner cootiutaef to oxnleim that he wis ready to fight any one. Complainwet endeavoured to persuode him to go awey qtietAy and not to u,ate the adisturbanto ho was makig. gie then went away cith Peter O'Brien snd some wbreen whowere with thed Immediattey afterwards the yortg bridcame to him tlnd hpoke to him nobout not taking the prisoner Simon into custodyt While he nas theakinwg to complw it Peter O'Brien retarned soe struck hlm several times withhis fists about the head. One of the women thenlaid hold of his rms,and atlthe same time Simon O'Brien gave him several violent blows upon his head and chest. He was knocked down by Simon O'Brien, when his back came against the kerb. Peter O'Brien got upon him, plaoed his knees upon his chest, laid hold of his stock with one hand, and with the other knocked his head against the pavement. He was also kicked about the head and stomach by Simon, so that he was rendered insensible for some time. When he recovered he found Mr. Henry, a greengrocer, near him, who desired Peter to let go of his stock. Complatnant got up, when, as the prisoner bad still hold of his stock, they were both foroed down by a constable, upon which the complainant was released. Mr. PAYsTers-In point of fact, he was endeavouring to strangle you? Policeman.-Yes, your worship. By Mr. PAYvsTsmn-I am unable to recognize the woman. I have been in bed ever since till within the last fortnight. I have lost a great deal of blood, and am uow under the doctor's hands. Mr. Edward Pearman, butoher, in business near Battersea-bridge, said that he heard the uproar on the bridge, and went there. He saw Simon trying to fling the man alluded to over the bridge. Witness saw the prisoners attack the policeman. Witness observed, " It is not fair for two men to attack one." He forced Simon to the ground. Simnon tried to rise, upon which witness remarked, " No, yon must remain there till the police come." Police-constable Hilier, A 282, said that on the morning in question he heard the cry of " Police !" on the bridge. He saw the constable on the ground. Peter O'Brien had bold of his stock and he was nearly choked. He got up, and as the prisoner would not take his hand from the stock, witness flung them beth down. The constable remamed a short time without mcving. Peter threatened to serve witness in the same way, and struck at him. Witness then took Peter into custody. Police-constable Cark, A 273, said that he took Simon O'Brien into custedy, who observed that the would have killed the complainant if he (witness) had not come up. Sergeant Marshall, V 12, who took the charges at the station-house, said that at the time he did so the prisoners observed that their wives and children had bean assaulted, and that they were only acting in self-defence. He had produced ten medical certificates, one on each remand. Mr. F. Godrich, surgeon, Sydney-place, Onslow-square, stated that the complainant had received some very serious internal injuries, and that he had lost a great quantity ef blood from the kidneys, lungs, and chest, The -flowing of the blood had only ceased that day. The injuries were the effect of some great violence. Mr. PAmYNsT-Do you consider him now in danger? Witness.-I consider him in great danger. He has been all along in danger. Sergeant Moore, B 1, produced a former conviction against Simon O'Brien for an assault on a man and his wife. For the former he was sent for six months to the House of Correction, and for the latter he was fined 51., or, in default,two months' imprisonment. Mr. PAYNTER asked the prisoners what they had to say to the eharge. Peter said e was so much under the influence of liquor that he did not know what he was doing; and Simon said that he was defending himself, as his wife and children had been assaulted. They were both committed to Newgate for trial, bail being refused. WoRsHir-sTRExE.-Sarah Tizzard, a wll-dressed young woman, with a child in her arms, was charged before Mr. HAMMILL with the following robbory .- On the 13th of this month the prisoner entered the shop of a sUversmith and jeweller in the City-road and asked to look at a gold curb neckehain which was suspended for sale in the window. The shopman handed her the chain, the price of which was three guineas, and she apparently ap. proved it, but expressed a wish to see another. To get this the shopman had to turn his back for a moment, but on turning round again with the second chain he thought he noticed some slight difference in the look of the first as it lay on the counter, and on taking it up found the prisoner had substituted for the gold chain a plated metal one, which, though so closely resembling the genuine one as to deceive an unpractised eye, wasin fact not worth more than 5s. or Os. He charged the prisoner with the robbery, which she indignantly denied, but on Hlayward, the warrant-officer, who happened to be passing the house at the time, being called in, he found the prisoner clinching something tightly in one of her hands, and on his forcing her hand open he discovered the gold chain. She then gave four distinct addresses, in as many different parts of town, but two of which Hayward knew to be false, and, on his telling her she was deceiving him, she acknowledged she was so, begged hard fo- mercy, and said she had been driven to the fraud by distress and starvation. The shopman, however, said that this system of robbery was now in full operation, and furnished a dishonest subsistence to numberless persons, who carried it on with great facilty, as they always practised it with curbchains, in which there is no particular pattern, and only the colour and size to be studied, and he therefore gave her into custody in the hope of checking it. The prisoner was then remanded for a week, and on her being now brought up Hayward said there were two more charges against her, and introduced Mr. Amos, a pawnbroker in Lam'beth-walk, who said that on the lst of September the prisoner called on him to buy a gold neckohain worth 31., which she asked him to weigh and gave some trouble about, and, having left 5s. off it to secure it, left the shop, and he immediatelyafterdiscovered that shehadrobbed him in a similar manner, her extreme self-possession and assuranceputting him entirely off his guard. Mr. Wharton, a pawnbroker in Blackfrisrs-road, was the third tradesman she bad so defrauded, the prisoner in his case leaving only in off the chain to avert suspicion. The prisoner, who was crying incessantly, said,-I am very sorry, Sir, and will never do so again. My husband has deserted me and left me with this child, And vwhat am I to do? The prisoner's father, a decent-looking working man, here stepped forward an,d confimed the fact of her desertion by her husband, since which she had been living with him. She had latterly been trying to get her living by needlework, but how she came to commit these frauds he could not teU ; he knew nothing whatever about them, and was much grieved she had so disgraced herself. r. HAM3I3ILL said, that be could not deal with the last two cases, as they were out of his jurisdiction, but he should with the first, by sentening her to three months' hard labour for being found in a dweling-house for an unlawful Theprisoner was still crying when she and her child were removed to the cells. SOUmvARR.-Mary Driscoll, an old woman, the keeper of a registered lodginghouse, 271, Kent-street, was summoned or unlawfully allowing an admixture of sexes in one sleeping-room. Sergeant Saunders, 54 A, said thathe was appointed by the Commissioners of Polioe to inspect common lodginghouses In the district of this court, nmd see that the owners pro- Iry carry out the provision. of the Act of Parliament. ae defendant was the keeper of a registered lodginghouse at 271, Kent-street, and was perfectly well acquainted with the rules a cpy Of which she had been furnished with. Regulation No. S set forth that there should not he an admiLxture of aexes, under certain restrictions; that is, where they are adults unmarried and not of one family. A fortnight ago he visited her house, and ia one room he saw two beds; in one bed were two young women, and in the other bed a man and woman, strangers to each other. There wa also another room in whioh men and women were sleeping promiscuously. He told the defendant of the ircumstance and she sad she thought the men and women were married. She never asked them. Besides that, she sad there wa a partition in the room. Witneae told his WorEhlp that there was a partition, but it was not more thAn three feet high. Mr. COMBE told her she must be taught to obey the law, and, as all the other convictions had done no good, he should fine her 51. and costs, and in default of payment she must be committed for two months to the House of Correction at Wandsworth.
SHIP NE Wa T-TV!Pp lonb r n Arrlve(t,-The Invineible, from Ca;esoo_ne%--t`he Tye. from Paralba -the eolle Poole, fom MontreTldeothe Queen of0 te Lkes, frao lontreal-the Pioneer from Jamica-tbe steamer Raslbeo, from HaVrO-the steamoer Melcan, from Botterdam.-the Warblr, from Arc-hangel-the Aurora, from Now York-tbe Alire Walton, from Callao-the John Clark, from BaltImore-tbe Lamoedo, from at. John's New Brunswick-the steamner Saxon, from Hamburgh-the NoverAeld, from Ostend. Off the Port.- The Endymlon, tho Expresa. the Bergmann, the Lilies, and the Marloir, BsaUed.-The Seraphlu, for Peonambuco-the Camills and the Padre, both for Genoa-the Mardoen, f.tr Trinidad-the Clara Mari, foTDne-teAattn o MoostdeinloftieLIetouwed n forh OnraOUea-the Belloos, for Halifa.,the Sni-t,mAor Retoed fm-the ShakamxonforCalutt-th AlertGalati, frNe York-the ModAy, for One 2 Wre-the -Arlre,tore Hotterdam-teo Vle GrAnde for GazlolcatesemrCne, foBi sd.aford Aflathe ArcphIdeadthet for Demerara-the Cuot odenr fordo omnbtayot J° Go,cater. E b dh , of s po asve d at Baumae towed I ith loise fTopmt, bouL2-ind.t TrinIdad,i-rIe h .Buod fr uAfrica-the Luly, from CPTo-the Edwtearceranutelte, Bfromn Pandth e Hew. fro m C kyathe thAg tar, from Abe wiYr-the Areeand fother ine. romane r ied, toe Jaem Bluko Bohfio -thleRe,do bo r for Vana-tbe Calypso I for DtheChancellor,ifor Melbour. ne-e LadryFranklin and°:|h°dtbe Fthe AdtlberOtbe Edw lstot with BBISTOI.,~~~~~~~~~~~ into 23- dp.£ aLArlo h KBaord, of Good Hope-the steamer Rita, for S snd,thOJ o the 80v^rrroc, Oct.2S.-Tbeet ^ ue ofne OcitoberrT off Genoa-the steaODerhTa15tlipsa, forBordLieDauxh wAlb fD orii vdleth -the Fretue, fort ot e°8ttein- s2the Mecrltius,f Sit. httdtoka 's4he Pa ouuite, for Monte2ideo-The Marlg TraveUe, for Jacnew rcept twe Mhintrel fork Buenstlg, d yes. n.Sevi eatoa rc r PAI,xoy, O ct. 21 -Win e 8 .-CArrlvtned, tflhety Heroman fyrom io Graonde n,-teGel, fromdr CD Islh d Sailed., the 2stid and O thbero Cobhe,L bot fbr London- be Amy tobert.t fOrt Glceer.,eoD r WtFsot, Oct. 2,No-ThbaweZalahip CorfairLondon, Io G lsgor, at GProVrOtD-I ,d. OCr. 23. IBx hlko=no TXL oon.-_rQ fFrom Lloyd's.) 9.30 &m.-Wind, wegterlY; tide, near low vwater: freah and fine. arrivndt-The Parom and teondon. Srom fouem-the Demetrtl from Cronslta^d h Ued-The SfVuel Forben , for h om ly-the Wrurin-t Casigs, for I .nm.-Windo, Oct.rlv2. thde, tareame hone. hhod h ene n Grar Ba-The youtoUnhe Xhise, from Engeloolm-tw e Ecliz, Aint, from Penc u-the Alo nt der Murray, Sroi Dtruteio-the Anna, from thega-the Lpmlaey from A.gel-the Oatherine, from Eoyr-tho steamer LordJohn 2u.-el, brom DTairk. BaUed.-The BreOdc , - or St. Petersbmino-the tteamer HSale, foo f o D.m.-WinL dELoW. on the ight oour f1oo f b fine. INo arriva4L 2.30 Dpm.-Wind, X tide. four hours ebb, hnoxi HArrived,-he Harbinger, from Anorng l -the Joranna, erorR ot. terdsm-the Ernestine, from Archangel-the Norma, from blemelthe Nrcholow ca,t rom Umes-the Buffahire, from Dantsic-the Minerva, from Memel-tho 8otfae.from8tettin-theBeradotto,trom Lulea-the lWaria Josepbine, from Dant io-the Charlotte, from 8tralsund-theJames,from Arohangol-the Mrtanz", from ArchaugeI -the 1131zabeth Elen, from St. Johny', sew Bru,vi)k-the IsabeUa a.d Catherne,, wrom Stettln-the ,nearell, from Randersthe Pboe nArean, fromPSyinea-the Lnd, from Riga--the Aegersttin, from Salbore-the UnveldF from Archamgea-the Water Kaltieg, foro }emel-the York. from Madr-the Wlklnso, from Archaagelthe Tredno, wrom erboy-tie ,anthre hurom semel-thd tkinfrom Wyborg-the Eva, rsrom Btettfn-the Charlotte, frm Dant,o-the Johann-h Ald the Equrty, from Stettln-the Arab, from Archangol-the Jsuekoo, from Habrsiel-the Gymer, from Mirimachl-the Aleanza, from Leghorn--tbe Liberty de Oommgrce, f om Arch angel-the Prospect, from Memel-the Schiedam, LromdBogn tbe Willam, from Aalborg-the Cab, tomm Callao-the DBnda, from mburg-the TwroBrotherst from Rigar the mend,hip, from tiemel-the Hehurie', from);Kiel-thn Doe hin. rom Lagoethe MarbUla, from ARo Grande-the Jo arianne, fom tremel-theVllager, from ARchgel-theldart, from Btockolmthe louLNCholo a,fromGotteaburg-the MetB , from Atrch-ugelthe Ou ratir ne Lachmasn, from Mantl,i-the Cizbeth Reid aud the Watertit, fromnDatenti-the Wlhtrol, from Randsid-the nhlaeng, from Cadiz-the rsteme Progr -h, from FAnermo. BETI Oor. 23. (By )mniro TxLxoArrai aFrom oangel) 9 aeml-tind, W. by N.: maderate. Pteatae-Te noodlan from the Mauritius tho Cbfrm emge (in tow), from Cayiz;gthe Governorm etin- trom Afrcarl; the ,fr uDantoi-n tohe, fJrom Sydney; the Ehza Cqewt, from JacoSt; the Berbice, from Porto aoon g the Bethi Jewet rmHd the Walter Lord, both from CaL lao rtfe rom hne lhmanng fl m t aaearop a for Londone Anchored.-The Jeaa Vof i t li, from Nehogstle Cor Lisbon-the Barbadsah, from Lonenf-r the Weit Indies-tbe bdBt RenorDtion from L -leads for Legforan E 8aUed.-The Sillph, the SRega nd the GyWerdalt, f orLondolm Noou.-NlEud, S.Wr. by a:; moderata Paesed.-The ix2himode. from Falmouth for Newcasftle-the Frithioui srom Odeia for o ndon-the Wfim Belt , tfrom Ibranl eor Heul-the ElizabetLhm from Si Maore for London-tbe IHbella, from Cathdff for Hamburg-o e Nileterom Singapore for Londow-the steamer gMal,fr a, trom London for Belfast. Anoore(-The 8-3atratth Von BmNo from Dantsic for Dubdnthe Sir He-ry Pottinger, from Sthelds for Curth agena. The ConradineLachmann, from Manla for London, And the Anhooner Anna Maria, Vrom Delntyl for Cardef, were in LoDision durild the nightpof the 21st and 22d ymnt. The forooner dnak soon afteroWdLn Crew a bdy el;cemt one man. by gettingon bor the ConradTine Lachinameehi,h reporta Fpeaking the foewcing sTle-se:Jtly 1, r Oat. 0 0f long. 11 9 X.d the American ship Chfee from .ailfa Horulostonh ambet, fatr Sinond fefo., the HLoannth breg Glem2nfr fromilongkongoufor- ; 8ept.fi n 1at, 308., loug.lSEL, thoDntch shipWassendfer,Hroam A-tNll, formgar for London-gh trusport steamer pd distinguishing a eudant, off Lope TOT;; nept. 10, tBe EngholshiD-h by tastreatron, from f nc for Londo Dubn lin-24B. longt S EH; ept. 30, the Prshdu brig Freeya, froauennderlan. for RioT aheo the English eam 39, fm disMtlguashfg pendant, ontwhedbodund in igt. 9 f.. tong. 2s W.; Olt. 1, the hrench ohin Cerlesa, n2to ard boInd, 0 lont. 11 N., tohg. 2A W.; Oct. 2, the Eglish ship Msua ritiusm ou tord-bofmdr In Set. 11 N., long. 27 l.: On. 10, the Dutch shipaJossnn eCorn, frrom HanannfrL for Calngtta, lin ht 36nS long. 33 W.: Oct. 2l. t 0. Cot.s1, t he F rLe nchter, Srom the Out. slalnds for London, In lat. 30 N., long. 33W. 2 p.m.-WInd. S.W. by S.; moderate. Fassed.-The Oriental, from CalUao for London-the Flora, from Bahia for Bremen-the Lydlord, from SL Vincent's: the Abbot Lawrene,fromCe Callao ;the mperr, fromm AlRoa Bay: the Serpent. frm ena the bark Flota, from Demerara : the Sarah Fox, from, Rio Graude the EJizabeth Greely, from Calilo; the Atlantic, from Belice. -all for London. Anchored.-The schooner Freedom, from the north for the west. ward. 7.30 p.m.-Wind, B.S.X.; moderate. Arrived and Paseed.-The John and Hia, from Pernambroo ; the an ter DlenltorromCailso; the Boppent, from TaLgasnrog, all for London-the Confidruce, from the north tor the wetward-lIor Majeety's ship Avon, from Plymouth for the riser-the Qhsawkv iflrom C ardiff for Bremem-the Jolinle, f rom Bjorneborg for Cetta, Sailed,-Ail the outward bound. VESSELS BSPOKEF :Wryso, The MiUes Standard, beund east, Aug. 21, In lat. 38 S, long. 27 K The Amelia Augusta, bound s-outh, Sept. 27. in lat. tilN., loag. 4 W. TheGaszelle, from AlgeaBRay for Falmouth, Oct. 2, in 114 N., long. It W. The bark Maranham, of Newcastle, off the Lizard. The Alfred, from Liverpool for New York, Oct. 13 in h2t. c ,0 N. The Braganza, 2standing s0outh, Aug. 24. In lat. 49 ., tong. 46 W Tshe Romanu Emperor, from London for Klurachen, SePt. 7. in tat. TheAnna Liffey, from 0Bombay for London, Sept. 27, In tat. 1S N., he Hleeker, bound mouth-wret, Oct. 18 i tlat. 48 N., long. S W. TheB+enjamin, from Coquimbo for Liverpool. Sept. 15, In las. ii S., l *e3OIndore, bound for Dcmenrr., Sept 30. in a 19 N., long. 35 W. The American shIp Collumbo, frr,m Rangoon for Falmouth, 130 days out, Oct. 8, in lat. '4 N., long. 36 W. The Dutch ahip Wasseaar, from ManIla for London, Sept. 6, In tat. Th0e Ioani Cstie. from Caicutt for London, Sept. 10, in lat. 24 ., long. 5B. The Prssian shin Frey., from SnaderIand for Rlo.Janeio, Sept. 30. in lat. 9 N., long. 26 W. No, 392, 3d ditingnish-ing pendant, outward bound, SeDt. 30, Ina ht. The French ship Celeste, eutward bound, Oet. 1, in lat. 1i N,, long. The Mauritius, out, Oct. 2, in Ist. 1 N.. long, 27 W. The Dutch ship JohanaS Cornella, from lHavannah for Calcutto, Oct. 10, In lt. 36 N., lng. 33 W, HGH: WATER AT LONhDON-BRIDGIL This Day-morn... 7 min. lster 5 Afternoon ., 27 min, after 5 To.morrow-MorO, Ti m. at0flr 5 &ft1noo i,in m, Ser 6
MILITARY AND NAVAL INTBLLIBVCBE. Yesterday tee courtmaxtial 4ppointed to try Lieutenant George William Vansittart Yule, Royal Engineers, at Chatham, was occupied in hearing evidence in support ot the last charge preferred against the prisoner-that of scandalous conduct, unbecoming the cleracter of an ofliaer and a gentleman, in having falsely stated that he was out all day on the 5th of September, and therefore coul4 not answer an official letbtr addressed to him by order of Colonel Sanldham. Tho letter from Colonel Sandht'.n was proved to have been delivered at the prisoner's "quarters -on the morning of the 5th of September, with directions to the serTant to give it imnmediately to lieutenant Yule. Tho letter was tak-ee to tile pristner, who VaS asleep in bed, the servant waking hirs and' informing him tat it was "On Servke." Presoner, how. ever, took no notice of the letter, which was then laid on a table. On that day the prisoner did not'leave his bed till 5 o'clock in the afternoon. He afte..wards told th< colonel that te had not seen the Eetter addressed to binm5 which was his reason for edllowingit to remain unansweres, and he further stated that he was not at home when the letter arried. Lieutennt*Colonel Reynolds, the Deputy Judge-A&vocate, theninformed the Coune that the -evidence for the prosecution asv closed. The prizoner, when called upon for his defence, prayed eao Court to allow Ema It me to prepare his defenoe, which -zoquest tho President et once granted, giving the prisoners.ntil Tuesday mnoming "or that purpose. Tho Imspector.General e Musketry Instruction, Colonel C. C. Hay, hae arrived -tA Chathim', from the ,achool of Musketry at Hythe, for the purpoce of inquiring into the progress of the officers and troops etationed at ti-at garrison in the theoryand practice of the f;nfield ride. The num her of troops daily undorgoing irneruotion in t'he use of the Mini6 rifle at Chathansis upwarde of 300, an&.? second-class' instructor from Hythc has been attachedto each battalion in order to hasten tb3 instruction of the -6Eicers and men. who are about to proceed to IJnaa. The following dffiErs. urkder orders to . oceed to India, have joined their depots at 'Chatbam:;-Captain J. M. Lyle, 29th Regiment, and Fmnsign W. W¢isely, 84th Regiment. Leave of absence, pre-ious to their embarcation, has been granted to Lieutenant .R: D. Knight and Lieutenant R. H. Lewis, '9tk Regiment. The monster cannon whice was put tirough a series of preliminary trials on Mordey at Wool wich was examined yesterday preparatory to a continuation of the experiments. From the appoarance or the segament constituting the breech it was deemed prudent to order the protraction of the proofs beycnd the day originally fixed-Monday next. Although care-had been taken to fil in with sawdust the vacuum left in the chamber by the pr ogressive variation of the charge, a rent was discovered in the metal, and a committee consisting of Mr. Mallett, the founder, and some of the effidals ofthe Royal Arsenal,has been appointed to examine into the nature of the defect. Four only of the seven shells fired on Monday have been found; the remaining three, it is supposed, are too deeply sunk in the earth to be easily rocovered. 'The depth di the third shot, charged with 301b. of powder, has been ascertained to be 16 feet. The freightship Oscar was yesterday taken up by Government for the conveyvnce of militcry stores from VWoolwich Arsenal to Cape Corst Castle; and the Lady Macdonald, for Hongkong; the Dependent, for Bahamas; the Lobilia, for Sydney; the Sir Goorge Seymour, for Bermuda; the Indian Queen, for, Barbadoes; and the lIritish Lion for Calcetta. The transport Isabella. Blythe is expected at'Woolwich Arsenal to-morrow to prepare for the embarcation of troops for India. Mr. Richards, pilot, who landed at Pl'ymonth yesterday (Friday) mornhig, reports tbet the screw steam transport Prince Albert, Commander Watt3, which left Spithead the previous evening with the .2d Highlanders, a battering train, &c., for -Eombay, experienced a fine paseage down Channel, and was all well at 8 o'clock in the morning, with every prospect of a suecessful voyage. On Thursday after. noon a large steamship, with two funnels, was observed otf Plymouth, going up Channel with a disabled sailing ship in tow. A new species of ship's pump, invented by Mr. W. ltoberts, of MilIwall, has just been subjected to a series of experiments by the authorities of Woolwich Arsenal on board the flagship Fisgard. The result is that the eommittee have recommended that the pump should be introduced into the navy. The simplicity of its construetion and the facility with which it can be moved from place to place are among its ohief recommendations, while its admirable working qualities were proved by the fact that it punped 800 gallons of water over the decks of the Fisgard in 7 minutes 45 seconds, or 103 1 gallons per minute. THE MILITIA. T'ne oth Northumberland Fusileers, a new regiment, is in course of formation. Liberal terms have been offered to recruits. It is understood that the ltoyal North Lincoinshire Militia will be called upon to undertake garrisoa duty in the Mediterranean. The I'oyal Glamnorganshire Militia has been in training at Swansea. The regiment will not at present be ordered for embodiment. The Cardiganshire Militia has just completed its ordinary period of training. The regiment is said to be in a high state of ef!ciency. The Royal lNorth Glecestershire Militia are-ordered to reassemble at Cirenoester on Tuesday week, the 3d of November.
GP,EA T EASTERN STEAMSHIIP. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-The directors of this company being constantly in the receipt of applications on the subject of the launch of their great ehip, and believing tha t some anxiety exists on the master, reanest the Insertion of the foUlowing letter from hr. Brunel, which conveys alU the information possible at the present moment to impart on a eubject for which pact er.per-ience affords no guide. I am, Sir, youx obedient servant, JOHN YATES Sec. ±astern hIeam Navigation Company, 1:;, Oresham-street, Oct. 23. " 1S, Dnke-street, Westminster, Oct. 23. " Gentlemen,-ThedilBihulty of replying to thenumerous inquiries laade respecting the pariod at which the ship will be launched seems to render it desirable that some means should be taken of giving the information generally that it may be uncertain up to the eond of next week whether the ship will be launched on the 3d proximo or the 2d of De. ceniber, and also of colrectinig the erroneous impressions which exist as to the nature af the operation, which can only lead to the disappointment of those who anticipate a display on an unusually large scaleof that which iv a beautiful spectacle wvith ships of ordinary dimensions. " As regards the period of the launch, I have for some time past calculated upon being s sady by the first tides of noxt month ; and, by the unwearied exertions of those o-l whose assistance r have depended, wvth the adventage of unusually fine wcather, the priincipal works required are so far advancod that there seems every prospect oZ success - but a cbange In the weather is threatcning,the tire remaining is short, and comparatively smn.ll causes may create such delay as to render It nore prudent, if not unavoidable, to postpone the opermtion until the follessing available tide -namely, that of l)aceniber 2, as no maere desire to launch on the day supposed to have been fixed will induce nme to hurry an operation of such impor`alce, or to omit the precaution of a careful and deli.ierate examination of ail the parts of the a;raugements, after aU the prIncipal works of preparation shall have been completed. Should such postponement prove necessary, or be adopted from prudence, everything having been nov prepared, the launch would be on tLe 2d of December. As regards the nature of the operation, it has: frequently been stated, but it seenis nacessary to repeat it, that the ship will not be " Launched" in the ordinary sense of the term, but merely lowered or drawn down to low water mark, to be thence floated off by a slow and lAborious operation, requiriag two ard possibly three tides, and very probably effected pa.-tly in tLe night, and at no one tiiiie ofering any rarticuissly interesting spectacle, or even the excitement of risk, as I am happy to feel that, even assumning accidents " occur, or miscalculationc to have been made reniering the operation unsuco-ussful, (he ship may stop half-way down, or not move at all, more power or othor remedies may have to be applied, but no injury to the ship .can result zrom any failuce in the course of proceeding in -this mode o' launching. "I mns, Gentlemen, your Gbedient oervant 1. EL. BWIINEL. To the Directors of the Eastern S;team N Navigation Company."
T!i. I\EW CHUI/ Jr _U DO.UCASTER.-The .orks ,of the parish chuzch are progressing satisfactorily. The tower has reached nearly fi feet in height, and 20.z.lore will bring it to the top of the cornice. The supply of s'iore -is zsuch better now than in the summer months, and hvd the quar-ics at Steetley sent forth the samie -juantitv theL. 4he towar would have been in a still ferther advanced state. The blocks of s'onje in the chancel begin to showthomseives, in the hands of the carver, in all their beautiful -forms, and we have another proof of what can be accompushad by th6 chisel. The figures of Christ and the Virgin display the alility of the artist. The gladier is busy wi'th the eastern windoaw. How mortifyinig it is to behold, from the entrance at the west end, this window filled wih plain instead of stainod glam;, as was the case before tbe destruction of the old edifice. The zcontrazt is sO great that we are unwilling iO believe that it will long remaini so. A careful inspection of the churoc from nave to chaneel, and from ai31e to transept, noet for8etting Forman's Chapel, must convinee the maost indifferent observer that the work is of first-rate character.- Dencaster Gazete. KXX-TISi APnETETES.-Last week some labourers Velebrated harvest home at a good dinner. As a proof of Use prowess of thege men of Kent vith tho knife and fork, wemy mention that the party, numbering D(6 persons 'COMPIelY "dispo5ed of 1331b. of good beef !-AJI'eIdtone
DnS'.XUcnTIVE FIRE IEAE BRADFORD-On Wednesday evening, between 6 and 7 o'clock, a fire broke out in some mill premises at Dadley-hill, about a mile and three-quarters from the town of Bradford, on the Wakefield-rbad. The premises are extensive, but of irregular construction, and are occ-nied in portions by different individuals and firms engaged in worsted spinning and manufacturing. The fire originated at one end of a large four-story mill, which has spacious weaving sheds connected with it. That end of the mill was in the occupation of Messrs. Joseph Smith and Co., spinners and stuff manufacturers. The workpeoplo ceased work at 6 o'clock, and about 20 minutes or half-an-hour afterwards flames were seon issuing from the lower windows of the mill into an adjoining yard. Some delay occurred in decpatching a mounted messenger to Bradford for the fireengines, and it was about a quarter to S o'clock when the corporation fire brigade, under the direction of Superintendent Noblet, and the firemen in the service of the Leeds and Yorkshire Insurance Company, under 31r. Olivant, arrived with their respective engines at the scene of the conflagration. At this time the whole of the end of the mil in which the fire brole out and a large shed united with it were in a blaze, the flames illuminating the neighbouring hills for many miles round. A great crowd of persons congregated on the spot, but thby had not been able to do any. thing to arrest the progress of tbe fire, which had burnt wi fearful rapidity from its commencement. Fortunately, there was an abandanit aupply of water on the premises, the two brigades of firemen soon got to work, and by dint of extraordinpry exertions, good ,udgment, and courage the flames were prevented from spreading to other portions of the premises. The end of tbe nul, however, and the large shed (which, with three otber sheds, was also occupied by Messrs. Joseph Smith andCo.) were entirely destroyed, with their contents. The superinterdent of the Bradford finr brigade and several of the men ma.uder him had some narrow escapes when plying the hose within the roofless buildlng.. The falling of bricks and stou-s rendered their position one of imminent peril. A bra uchiuian, named illiam Davis, had a, brss branch complete,'y cut in two by the falling materials, and a similar occurren': a happened to William Lockwood, a fireman. It was 11 o'clook when a decided mastery was obtained over the flau es, and by midnight they were entirely subdued, Somee G f the firemen, however, remalned to Watch the smouldeiing rins until 7 o'clock on Thursday morning. Messrs. Joseph S.,uith and Co. had their stock and machinery insu-ed in R,oval Insurance-office for 2,5001., but they estimate their loss szt a greater amount. The premises, which belong to a, entlet.'an named Suteli-FT, are insured in the Sun-oflie9T'he damoge to the buildings will probably be to the exteni of 1,000?. 5The camSo of the fire is not known,
HE LATE COLLrSIOY ON THE SOUTH tALZS lunWA Y. (FRol O O\V0 CORRESPOfl,ZWr.T SWANSEA, FRIDAY. 'The inquest 6t the bodies of MAr. Ashman and Mrs. Israel still drags Its slow length along. Tbe jury appear determined to sift te matter thoroughly, and in this course they protract the inquiry to an extent to which we need not follow I them, maty of the details elicited by them on this irquest I having been brought out at the Neath inquest, already fully reported In the columns of 27he I tmes. After the close of our parcel yesterday Gunnell, the driver of the down passenger train, added to his previous testimony that it was not possible for the driver of either of toe two trains to avoid a collsion after they had seen each other. He could not ten whether, when the collision took place, he jumped off his engine or wAs thrown off. Heo was much confused after wards and received some slight ijuries I Mr. 1angdon, superintendent of the railway police, was again called to produce the regulations, from which he read the following, which apply to the duties of 112. It wlll be their duty to see that atl general orders and regulstion are promptly and staletly obeyed, and when in any part of a district looal cireuoatance may reqnire spedal Itntruction th are charged to Issue uch inetruetlus as willmeet the caes, for allg a sopy of the same to the re;sident superIntendent. "IIS. They must satisythemelves i personal examination that everyone employed under them knows and thoroughb3 understands the duties assIned to him, abnd that such dutiea are orrectly per- M114. They arc re muired ta make themselves acqueluted with the character and conduct of every man under their orders; to exact ulnform punctuality from all persons employed by the company; to maintain dl3ciplne and order In their Etatlons: to report all Incidents. irregularlties, or neglect which may occur to, the resident supedntendent, and to provide for any casualties or Contingenctea which mnay The following regulation as to the duties of station clerk was also read:- " 116. The clerk In charge of each sataion is responsible for the proper transaction of the wbole buelneas of that station. and for the eficient discharce of the dutIues of 3a1 the compan's eorrants unxder his Immediate control." In reply to questions by Mr. Owen, Mr. Langdon exnlained that the local station-master was the saperintendent. The resident superintendent was the superintendent of such importart stations as Neath or Cardiff, and no, the general superintendent. The resident supenntendents were required to report to the general superintendent, Mr. Clarke. Mr. William Llewellin, cvil engineer, of Pontypool, said he was a second-class passenger by the down train on the day of the accident. After tho down-train had beea backed to Stormy for the purpose of being shunted on the up-line, just as we were getting on the up-line I asked the guard YIattheson if he was aware there was a train in fro it of us and added that the train vwas certainly due, and there was great danger In proceeding on the up. lino unless they at Port Talbot understood we were so coming. The guard said, " Why, we have a telegraphic message directing us to come on." He afterwards said to me with, as I thought, doubt on his mind, " Whv, surely they will never send the train on to meet 'us " We then proceeded from Stormy on the up-line, at a moderate pace, as far as Pyle, and from that place until I came in sight of the advancing train we were going at a quicker pace. I sbould think we were going at a pace of 20 miles an hour. We passed by a cutting, and immediately on emerging from that cutting I saw the train comiog to meet us. I should think it was a mile off when I first saw it. The danger. whistle was not blown for some seconds after I first saw the advancing train. I afterwards heard the whis'le blown and the breaks put on, and our speed must have been sensdbly diminished. I tben saw the guard, Mattheson, running along on the footboards, and telling the people to keep their seats, and I think he must have saved many from sustaining serioas collisions by so doing. After the collision the guard told me he had a written order to proceed on theaup-line. I By the Foreman.-I think, when the advancing train was seen, everything wps done to prevent the collision. By Mr. Owen.-I will swear we were going at more than nine miles an hour when we passed Pyle. By Mr. Tripp.-It was at Pyle when the guard first told me that we were to go down on the up-line, and it was at Stormy when he told me they had received a telegraphic message. He did not say from whom the message had Ibeen received. Daniel Buckle, who acted as under-guard of the down train on the day in question, added nothing material to the evidence given by him at Nea'h. The same remark will apply to that of Miss Catherine Ilewellin, of Boylancottage. Thomas Mfainwaring, a ganger on the railway, deposed that he waS at work on the line on the day of the accident. Was sent by the guard of the Irish goods train to Pyle to tell the engine-driver of the down passenger train not to proceed down until he received orders that the line was clear. Delivered the message, and Mr. Lewis, the stationmaster at Pyle, sent him back and directed him to let him know when the line was clear. Mr. Turner, of the Port Talbot station, some time after sent him back to Pyle again to give the caption signal to the driver of the passengers train. On the way to deliver the second message he met the down passengers train a mile and a quarter on this (thewest) sideof Pyle on the up line. Before this he met the under-guard (Buckle), who said that the train was coming on the up-road. He added they had received a message that the train was coming on that road. He asked if the up-line was clear, but be (witness) said he did not know-the down line was. When opposite thetrain witness gave the signal that the down-line was clear. Knew nothing of the up line. By Mlr. Owen.-Wbon I came up to deliver the message I thought the train would be still at Pyle, where I left it. Cross-examination continued.-Will swear I did not give the" all right" signal. (The driver of the down train swore Just before that Mainwaring gave him the "all right" signal.) Mr. Henry Turnet, the stationmasterat Port Talbot, was next sworn. He was duly cautioned by the coroner that he was not obliged to answer any question which might crimi. nate himself, but that all he should say would be taken down in writing. In his examination he repeated in detail his former evidence,already given in the Neath inquiry. After a long cross-examilnation by Mr. Owen, the inquiry lwas further adjourned.
REPRESENTATION OF OLDHAM. MIr. W. J. Fox has issued the folloving address to his old constituents on his re.election for Osdharm: " Gentlemen,-I have to thank you for Inviting me to resume my Eeat as one of your representatIves in parliament, and for the gratif; . Ing manner, without BoUcltalon or expenEe on my part, in which you have confened upon me that dIstinguIhbed honour; thus setting an example which, even after the promised reform, It would be indeed weC for all the constituencies in the empire to follow. " In oommon with yourselves, I deeply regret the catastrophe whlch abruptly termir2ated thelife of your late repreentative, for whom there might zeasonably have been expected a long career of honour for himself and of useftlnees for others. Of the character of that career he had given good earnest lu his varied prIvate virt-ues and pubUc servicez. The Lyceum remains a noble monument of the latter. as devoted to the cause of education. His premature lees is a metmento to all that we should ' do with our might' whatever of good Is to be achteved. " It is needless for me to state again opinious and principles with 'which you must be generaUy familiar, and which you have repeatedly auctioned. After 1e years' service in Parliament, I am entitled to ask wbat pledge have I ever forfeited, what promise have I ever falsified, and wvhat reamouable hope have I ever disaprointed ? You have auswered for me by your unanimous chotes; and I canLuot but leeply feel and ferveutly aoknowledge the response you have made: the more so as, after the result of the lIst general election, I wa3 fuUy prepared to aoquiesee therein, to leave your repre3entatl.hn Perfectly and permanently undisturbed, and to render in other wr.ys such aid as I am able to the great cause of reform and improvement, which wve have all at heart. Equally prepared am I now to devots rayself to the duties and reepousibl;it:es to which you have called me. " Bince I lasr addressed you the grea-t topic of interest which has arisen is the Indian ineurreceton. Of couree, the power of the e2nrire muet be put forth for its suppression, and the Government wiU be generally and strongly supported for that object. But, In the words of a celebrated statesmau, * I know not how to draw up an Indictment against a whole nation.' I cannot but believe that there has been gro3s misgovernment. While a rishteous retribution ought to fell on the heads of thome who have perpetrated unheard-of crimes, our jwstice should be pme from vengeanoe, and a thorough knowledgeof the rauses which have prompted this rebellion should lead to such modes of regulating the affairs of India as wiUl beet preclude any future ex. tensive disamfectlon, " AUow me also to say that the time seems to be last approacbing when the question of Partiamentary reform, which essentially involves that of administrative reform, must undergo a national discussion and deriion ; and that I earnestly hope that, whatever their lo^al differences, the reformers of Oldhaa wiU as one man support their representative in demanding for the people a full, fair, and free representatIon iu the House of Commons. This is no time for the reformners to be fighting under hostile flags, The question is not an open one. ' He that is not with us is agMent us.' You have character to supl,ort and vindicate, and I do earnestly hope that in the coming struggle VoU will assert yoer pro-eminenco as the radical borough of Oldham. "*I am, Gentlemen, sincerely and gratefully yours, London, Oct. 21. W. J. FOX,
SLNEING OF A LARGE SCHiOONER.-Yesterday afternoon a fearful occurrenee took place on the river Thames, near Fresh-wharf, a short distance on the lower side of London-bridge, by which the trading vessel named the Stork, belonging to Alr. Henry Collins, was cap. sized, and all on board nearly perished. It appears that the vessel, which was comparatively a new one, inasmuch as she had only made one or two previous voyages, was in the charge of Captain Jarvis, an experienced navigator, and the regularcrew. After wattinguntilthetide was supposed to serve, the schooner was in the act of being towed out from the wharf for the London-docks, in order to take in I ballast preparatory for the next trip. 'While this, however, was being done the swell of the water, produced by a passing steamaer, made the schooner roll about fearfully, which so alarmed the captain's wife that she ran up j the stairs, and she had barely gained the deck when the vessel heeled first on the starboard side, and, after settling for a minute on the larboard, capsized in deep water. The wife of the captain was pulled off the deck and placed in a small boat. From 20 to 30 small boats immediately put off to the rescue of the other unfortunate hands on board, one of whom, without waiting for the asststance, jumped overboard, and swaNm nearly to the I shore, where he was picked up by a waterman, and was taken on land. In less than 10 minutes after the schooner canted over only one of her mastheads and one of her bulwarks could be seen out of the vater, and the vessel still remains in that position, but it is expected that she may be got to weigh at low water this day (Saturday). The Thames police have had lighted signals placed to warn those in charge of other vessels proceeding up or down the river from coming in contact with the sunken wreck. CUSTOM-HOUSE.-This building is undergoing a thorouigh repainting, but not before it was necessary, both for theconvenience of the pubHe and health of the officials. The dark, dismal passages once eoloured white, and the glomy.lookg "liong-room" and " treasury," in which places the largest portion of the diurnal duty connected with Customs is verformed, will, after years of shady-looking antiquity be yfstore4 to their prisubivQ state.-Civil 'S'crvce Qa^;ttc.
AfETROPOLITAN INDUSTBrIAL REFORMATORY A public meeting was held last evening at the Grovehouse Reformatory, Brixton-hill, the main object of which was to take leave of 12 inmates of the institution, who, having passed through itg protectionasy ordeal satisfactorily, are about to emigrate. This institution, although not so well-known a its usefulneo deserves, has nevertheless received sufficient support to enable it to beoome the means of reformation to upwards of 240 erring yoaths, of whom 60 have emigrated, 31 have found situations in the country, 27 have enlisted in the ar,ny, 12 have gone to sea, and 50 are now remaining at Grove-house. The number of candidates for the benefits of its reformatory discipline, however, hAve far exceeded the present capabilities of the institation, and the number of inmates could be at once doubled were the funds sufficient for their maintenance, Mr. Russell Gurney, the Recorder of London, presided over the meeting, and was supported by Mr. J. Payne, Mr. Deputy Ohbard, lr. G. Moore, the Rlev. J. Moran, the Rev. Wf. Davis, and other gentlemen interested in the reformatory movement. The proceedings opened with prayer, after whioh The learned BECORDEB addressed the meeting. He reoiced to eee so numerous an attendance upon such an occasion, as it proved the great interest which was now taken in the important subject of criminal reformation. They had not met, however, to make a show of the young men who were now before them, for if the training which they had received in that institution had been of any effect they would shrink from such an exhibition. They had met to manifest their interes' in the young men, who, having been redeemed by the institution, had repented of their former evil courses, and having resolved to lead in future an honest and honourable life were about to quit this country for a distant land. Some of these young men he had seen before, and it had been his painful duty in his official chacter to pronounce upon them the sentence of the law. He had pronounced those sentences with many misgivings as to the effect which they would have upon the persons whom they affected, but it was with another and more hopeful feeling that he addressed them upon the present occasmon. (Hear, hear.) He should despair of the future career of these young men if he believed that fear of punishment alone was the only motive for proper conduct-sf they were anxious only to seek a new country to avoid the misery which their misconduct in this had entailed upon them. But in this institntion they had bWen taught a different lesson. They had been taught to hate crime not only for the punish ment which its detection entailed, but for its own hideous nature. They had been taught that it was denounced not only by the laws of man, but it was hateful in the sight of God. (Hear.) He trusted that in the new country they were about to visit they would pursue a steady course of uprightness and honesty, with a fill dependence upon the assistance of the Almighty, which would lead to their future welfare. They must not expect that in the new country, although removed from many temptations, they woula be removed from all. It was only by a consciousness of God's all-seeing eye being upon them that they eould hope to resist the suggestions of evil. He also wished those young men to remember that if they disappointed the hopes of those who had assisted in sending them ont they would not only injure themselves, but would be inficting serious in]ary upon that and kindred institutions intended to aid the repentent offender, for unless instances of success could be adduced the public coald not be expected to assist in such efforts. The learned gentleman concluded an eloquent exhortation by appealing to their feelins of gratitude, of self-respect, and of duty to God. V. R1ev. W. DAVIs, tue ordinary of Newgate, followed, and observedthat it had been his misfortune to witness for many years thousands of persons who had strayed widely from the paths of honesty and propriety. Several of the youths before him had been under his care in another place, and he believed had learnt from him the leading motives why crime should be avoided. He would remind the meeting that youths of this description were too often brought up with bad examples constantly before them, nursed in families where honesty was never thought of, for the,publlc generally had little idea of the suffering, the misery, the difficulties, that awite4 poor children in the crowded dwelings of our m6tiotilis. (Hear.) In many cases that arose from the dissipatedAbabits of the parents, in others from the vile conduct of the neighbours with whom they were associted-from the total want of moral principle of almost all about them-and therefore those who were led into crime from such causes were proper objects of public sympathy as well as of public denunciation. (Hear.) In youth, too, many temptations led to extravazance,an evil which was less felt among the wealthier classes, but which among the poor gave rise to almost the necessity for dishonesty to me et the demand which vice created. After an examination of many thousand prisoners individually, he could also give tA another cause of crme the want of proper relipuns teaching; an habitual absence of attendance upon divine worship was a feature to be found in almost every case of youthful crime. After an affectionate exhortation to the youths who were about to leave the institution the rev. entleman appealed to the meeting to assist in supporting eefforts of those who desired not only to punish, but to reform, and warned them not to be disheartened by a few occasional disappointments, but to persist in what was essentiadly a religious as well as a humane duty. (Cheers.) The you,g men who were the immediate objects of this meeting appeared to receive the advice thus tendered them ina grateful spirit, and some of them were evidently affected by the allusions made to their former misconduct. After a fervent prayer from the Rev. J. Scott, Mr. AxoTsorus, a magistrate of Surrey, addressed the meeting, and expressed his gratification to find that such interest was now taken in the great question of reformatories. Heretofore the fact that reformation was better than punishment, that prevention was better than cure, had been wholly overlooked; but now a great and most beneficial movement was in operation, which, as a magistrate, he could state would be of immense advantage to the community. A vast number of youthful persons fell into crime from circumstances surrounding them, from illdisposed parents and other causes, and until lately there had been little effort made to remove them from a continuance in crinme after their term of punishment had expired. He had often heard the heart-rending cry of " What can I do to redeem my character"" That cry was now answered, and a door was opened, by nmeaus of this and similar institutions, to young offenderswho erred once, but were willing to reform. After some humorous but valuable advice from Mr. J. Payne, and addresses from the Rev. Mr. Hatch, chaplain of wVandsworth Prison, and the Rev. Mr. Raven, the meeting separated.
TO THE EDITOR OF THB TIMES. Sir,-Hearing so much said about American small oraft crossing the Aantic, will you favour me by inserting in yonr widely-circulated journal the enclosed communication from a Jamaica paper, which I saw by chance the other day? (I was not a7aro such a paper was in existence.) The vessel alluded to was built under my inspection by Messrs. Thomas and William Forrestt, boat builders, Limehouse, London, to carry on the ship's deck. She was only 28 feet keel, and registered at the Custom-house 12 tons. She was towed from London with the ship Marion, under my command. We partecd at the Flats, and she arrived at Lucea, Jamaica, 17 days before me. There were more than 100 seamen applied to sail in her. Captain Wilson sailed her out to oblige me, as an old friend and shipmate. I mnay here remark I never had a worse passage across the Bay of Biscay. p an I am, Sir, your obedient servant. W. 0. CAMPRFETJ. 1ercauntue larine service Association, 20, Water-street, Liverpool. (Copy from a Jamaica paper, 1844.) " Commnnicated. "COOL AND DRTERMP-INED COUR.GE. "It is, perhaps, not generaUy known that Captain Richard wilson, grandson of the late Lord Rodney, sailed from London on the 2Gth of September last for this island in the cutter Harriett, of 12 tons burden, the property of Nell Malcolm, Esq., and attached to the bark Marion, Captain W. 0. Campbell, with whom she sailed, and arrived nearly three weeks before the ship. "Such skill and bravery (evinced under circmstances the most trying from the terrifc weather he had to encounter)) deserve to be recotded, if only for the purpose of emlation to others and to secure to this enterprising mariner the approbation of his many friends."
BR1.STOL SCGAR-)ARI;ET, Friday, Oct. 23.-We are still without any supplies of iEmportance, and the transactions of tht week are conEe9uently but trivial in amount. The demand, l'owever, oontinues good, and in the few sales reported former prices have been maintained. Refiners' produce meets with a free sale at steady rates. Rum inquired for, but none offering. A few Demeraras have been disposed of at 2s. 7d. per proof gallon. fAdvertisement. 1-' India," by J. HI. Stoqueler. The 2i thousand of this n book of the tIme' i noLe published. rioe elghteenponce In boards, or free by Dost for 2 stamps. In this volume It has been the agm of the author to condenpe and conoentrate atl the Information that is really known and can be depended upon regarding the British empire In India. Aiso, price 2. in boards, or free by pots 28 stamps ' TheoPrvate Lifeoo an EasternKing; or, the Kingdoinof Oude and hit King," by Wiliam Knighton, iHietrtted by Harrison Weir. This volume givea the beat description extant of tbe town snd neighbourhood of Lucknow, and the oontry between that place aud Oawnporee and throws more light on the intereal condition of hbe Onde province and tn~ia than althe blue-beoks in existence. London George Boutledge and Co., Farringdon-street. (Advertisement.]-Indian Mutiny.-Part I., price Wd., of the " Itustrated Narrativo of the Indian Revolt," c. nialuing 4S pare,, imperial 8vo., 24 engraripgs, and a beautifully encraved folding nt.p of India. wIll be ready on the lo3t, and may be obtInel of all bookee'lere -George Vick-ers, Angel court, Strand. [Advertisement.]-" Cassell's Illustrated Family Paper" Wo. 2D2), for next Moniday, contains the followring Interesting illastratlonm:-Lord Brouhaa. from a photograph by BRart, with o- graphical notis- Environs Of Detiii, and Assembliung of Brits Troapa-lIghgase Fiolds during the Fire of London-The Pont Neur, Paris, restored, &n. Among the instructivo and ammnuing articleswill be found an Aconmt of Delhi. the hea-siaurtersof the Indian Mttny: besides a ointinuation of " The Young Pretender " by J. B. Smith. with an ishlltratlon, land the exciling trial of the bompanionsofJeho, in A. 022smas's great tale -, Royalists and RLpublicans."-London, Kent and Co. Advertisembnt.]-The "Atlas' of this day containsTis Week, by Robert Brongh-t',e LAteit News from India; private letters, &-the Financial Crisis in America-the Liberty we Enioylineal Scienc-the Dui-eof Cambridge at Seoffleld-libel em Air R. ule aln1er uict0ate-MantellsiGeology-Papere oSn Indil -the Troviatowre ti then Lnycoue-klyajourConcrtscothent oney.i mayarket, and aii the latest news n of the week. Puce 00.., stamped_ Oar Pce,6euthaPostion-su Ftree Strand. s-nInI-reads h [AdvIrthsemento.]-The "Era" is a Familyr Theatrical Musical, LicensedV Vlctulr ualDlerby and bir Hlrdai' ntesppe Duenta if amre Orin wng tha any weeljual. Ito tin Lofdhi Ou rsn olinandthFuture-TeA ePronnSpdeyist.Idag-IrTbeband ondtee' Irobh-The Sotortr,Oe. and BlVettiuFearwlincres ofd Orinole-Rwho Licned Vall rsrt o ath Derbe ndk . Hardys til-he Dtwel' o uke ofv oambridge's opImnsion ofnte Wa-heatrial and sodetisbele In prondon management. The "1Era" Is also the ack-nowledged organ of the theatrical professiont, thle dint Weekly Miasonic reporter, and the wellknown advocate of the inoenmed Victualers' Interest. Order of a'll newnaente, and at any raIway Station. Price 80. for each number, which contigins ai Thitmo 9f inOWgsing litid lntrtl9tlvo inormation.
UNM!VE1SITY INTELZIGNOZ, OXFORD. OuT. 23. Parsuant to notlce a vubllo meetingof members of th'University and their friends was hold this day in the Shea. donian Theatre, to expres sympathy with the snfferers b the Indian mutinies, and a desire to maintain the Brltis&E dominion in IndiA unimpaired. The chair was taken at; 2 o'clock by the Rev, the Warden of New Coliege, the Vice,d Chancelor, who was supported by the twoProctorza san the folowing Heads of Houses, and members of the Heb. domnadal Council:-The Master of University, the Master oC Balliol, the Provost of Oriel, the Warden of Merton, thw. Rector of Exeter, the President of Corpus, the Provoft oV Queen's, the Principal of Braenose, the Master of Pem* broke, the President of Magdalen, the President of S4 John's. the Walrden of Wadham, the Rector of Lincoln, the Provost of Worcester, the Principal of Magdalen-hall, the Principal of Alban-hall, the Prin.- cipal of New Inn-hall, Professor Wilaon, ProfesaoPrice, Mr. Sewell, of New CoUege, and lMr. Mansel, of St. John's. Professor Max uluUer, Mr. W yte, of Trinit Mr, Raw/lineon. of Exceter, Profossor- Neate, Mr. Lake of BaUliol, Mr. Greswell, of Worcester, Zslr. Haddan, or Trinity, Professor Daubeny, Mr. Broderick, of MKerten, and about 200 other members of the UJniversity, ebiefi;. undergraduates, were also present. There were also about20 lIsies in the semicircle, and perhaps about the aame. number in the ladies' gallery. The Vice-Chancellor opena&} the proceedings in an eloquent speech, in which he warmly expressed his horror at the atrocities committed and lafz sympathy with the sufferers; after which he called on, thev r'rovost of Oriel to move the first resolution. The ProvoeZ of Oriel accordingly moved, and the Senior Proctor seconded, the tollowng: T- hat thi meeting desires to revognlzo the duty Incumbent on all loyal subiect to seeond the eudearouns of Her Maoeste', Ministers toI antain anud ecre the domiTnion or The Brtissh nation in India, los Ithe honoulr ot the Crown and the difiosln amnong t he natlies or India of tbe benehis5 ot good govenunent andi tbe li4ht of reigious tenth." The resolution was carried unanimonsly. The second resolution was then moved by the Master ot PEMnuBOIc, and seconded by the Rev. W. C. IAx, Of Balliol, in speeches of great eloquence: *That this m eeting is anxious to exprem its admiration ot tbO heroio braverx' and endurance Of ristish ofllceres and troops i uueUing the violence of rTeolted native soldiery, and lbs ordial ym~athR with tbe siufferings of OTUr countypsmen. and Of their wives daugnte, sza inrant children, u;nder the brutal and detetable oultrages tom-- mltted agaist themr." The Venerable Archdeacon CLUnC}E, Subdean of Christ,: moved, and the JuMiost PBOCTOR seconded, the third resolution, which wvas " That a subecription be now commnenced in aid Or the fncls4 The Master of BALLIOL moved, and Mr. BItODO5RICK,. of Merton, seconded, a vote of thanks to the Vice-Chan.- cellor for his conduct in the chair. Both speakers ex~ pressed their cordial concurrence in the object of the meet.- Ing, and urged the duty of contributing liberally to a fund. for the rehief of the sufferers. The vote of thanks was. carried by acclamation, and was briefly acknowledged by. the Vice-Chancellor. The meeting then broke up. CAJIBBIDGE, Ocr. 23. The Vice-Chancellor has issued the repori of the Council of the Senate respecting the endowfment of the L3dy MIargaret Professorship of Divinity. This professorship is en- dowed with the rent-charge of the rectories of Terringtonr St. Clement's, and Terrington St. John's, in tbe county oE Norfolk. The gross amount of this rent-charge is snnually~ 2,4024 One-third of this sum it is proposed by a new statute to annex to the Norrisian Professorship on acuount of its present inadequate endowment. The Council have also proposed a statnte respecting the. Sadlerian Lectures, the Lucasian Professorshipof ethinatics, and the Plumean and Lov;.deau Prof essorships of A stronomy. The Sadlerian Lectures to be abolhshed, and the Sadierian. Professorship of Miathematics to be established, and one statute then eo govern the abovementioned four professor_. ships. The protessors to give lectures in every year; tol reside within the University 18 weeks at least during term. timne; to deliver annually to the Vice-Chancellor writtent accounts of lectures delivered; liable to be admonished for wilful neglect of duty, and to iDo allowted deputies in case of; Illiness or old age. The Vice.Chancellor invites the *ttendanco of members of the Senate in the Arts School on Monday, November 2, at 2 o'clock in the afternoon, for the discussion of these proposed statutes. _~~~~~~~~~~~~~
On Friday, Oct. 23, In S *ols. post Svo kEYMOU]R and FI6 FRIENDS. By the Author 1 of"TheSecretMarriage." HurstandBlIckett,pubalhers.sues cearorsto Henry Colbmrn, 13, Great Marlborough-screet. To be hadat all the librare. Nown rsa.y. at all the libraries, In 2 vole., 21s., ITRUE to NATURE. "A very delightful tale."- JLJohn Bull - A pleaanut welb written story. Tbe tone of the book is excellent, and it; is pervaded by a right epilrt oIf rtolgeof, god seuse, ad Treiinement.y-Economist. Hurst and Biaoseit, pubasherss aunooorg to Henry Oolborn. L-ADY COHATT TON's NLWNOYEL-Nov ready, n 3 oa, and its REALlTIES. By Lady CHATTER. la no question that thlis is a, novel with sudficleot merlt btobn &an. deserve a considerable amomnt ot popodarity."-Llterarg Gazeae. Rurst and Bickett, publishere, successors to Herry Coltbur. New andcheaper edtitlon.-Now ready, inone voL. lQs. S1. bound. JOHN HALIF , Gentleman. 'JohnHalifax deserves the rare pralee of being better than the bes oS the authors previous prodsctlons.'-Globe. "'John Halifax' i3 one ot the ibea tre eogmdrwokoffcln' Hurst and Blackeit pubilahes,oscersarstoHenry Colburnm hare. S. C. HALLs 2sI SW f VEL.-Now ready, in 3 vol, AWOMAN.'s STORY. By hurs. S. C. HA-LL. "' A Woman'u Story' may be heanily recommende.t'-Athonteum. * A novel full of ,ttracuive Inciden. Ita utetrect is of an en. during kind, and it will assuredly add to the author's hl~h reputation.' -Examiner. Hurst and Blaksette 13, Gresa. Marlborouh-tweet. IN ew and Cheaper Edition, Revised, on Friday, Oct. 23 in 1 vot,, with Mar, and 3dditlonal illustrations, los. 6d. boiud, TI~HE OXON IAN in NORWAY : or, Notes of Ex. T. curslons in that Country. Bythe Rev. F. METCALFEZ MA. Fellowotw LinolnoIn CogUe. Oxford. Hurst and Blacket;, pubulibers,, 11, Gret Marlberough.etreet. Now ready at all the lbraries. In 3 vols THE YOUDi G BRIDE. By Mrs. BRISCO:E. T, There is a charm in the style and a sutsined intereSEt through. out this work, and the reader sw part with regret from the aezut. pllshtsd authore who has so ably told the sorrox v. the struggles, the victories, and the rewards of 'The Young Bride.' `-O,server. a~urd and Blaoketi, vabialhecs, successors to Hlenry Coihurn. NqEW NOVEL, byMs SO N -No re-dy, in 3 -rol- C URT ST ORY S By Mr1's. ByL.or.SlOW . "Tbi' whichA can a neoer case 1exIe dourt noterIt andb curios t-.Its atale whgch rkngncdt we willn vdenture t a rn for edr wi h 'e aidingso pu rdonulnlev herdu ."-Joxan Bol. ifurstand Bbsclets, phisbhtbrs, sue Nowreay a al th tirarss.in3 vol,, In tofe prls, iu I voL r 8vd stiri ture, ith tpwirde of ro eeuEr trttons. Including naumerous beautifully coloured pl,tes, frow daws. ings by tre Author, and a Map, price J2 2s, elegantly bo"tid, RtIENTAL and WESTERN SIBERIA; a Nitrra~ 0. tire of Seven Years' ExplorLatIons and Adventures in Sib.ri, Mongolia. Daonvrla, the Kirghis StePPes, Chinese Tartasy, aud part oi Central Ara. By THOMAS WILLIAM ATKINSON. Hurst anet Blackett, publishers. 13. Great 'Marlhorough.stre-et. Now ready, in 2 vole., with Illusttons. 2ls. 'DASSAGES in the LI FE of a SOLDIER; or, . Milltary Service in the East and West. By Li sit x G u.elSig JAME.S E. ALEXAN DER, K.C., L.S., Sw. "1Our great. mert- .t thEk Pasages is readableness; anotber feature of the work is cpexriennoe, The author has served In India, South Africa, aausda, a-I theL Crimea, and having giTen a good deal of attention to uii:;ur, mutters his opinion is worth attention."-Spectator. " The b3ok is flfe, with intere3ting matter."-Examiuer. iurst and Blaekett^ lb'lscO.r.-. In eal.ire., pioe 3s., qrlHE PARABLES of 0UR LORD, Explainei unM J Exemplitied, to .Sunday School Dialozues. By TWe SISTgERS Edited by a Clergyman of tbe Cosrot of Englaud. ]iVingtLsO. Waerleo-place. Io iSv.. price Is., LETTER to the Rev, CHRISTOPIE:R A WORDSWORTH, D.D., Osnon of Wetrtmtist-r. B7 %tlev, BlrA. JACOB, ;D.rD.. U"pper Grammsr blaseter of Chrts<H, 11-pts-L Inlvu price6d., ClOD's JUDGMENT Sinr INDIA s WARNIN Cto G.XENGLAND: a Sermon, preache-d at Aylesbury;.n Wodt..s1ay4 October 7. By EDWARD BIORERSTETrH. idA,. V:C c f t '.yleaj bury. and Asobdesoon of Bluskingham. Rtivi gtons. era-ro.r; In limo. Price Sd, NGLAND's PRIDE-ENGAIsD's PERi-,t ESermon, preacbed in Trinity Chapel, Brightnn. c:. '-tbe iy o° Esunmiliation. October 7. 1657. Bly the Rev. U. EL WYATr. '1 A.., Incumbent of TrinIt;yChsapel Brighton. (Pub'blisbe, by r. st, ondon, Rvtingtons, Waterloo-place; Hlawkinus and CNx, rigk:: in S ro.. price ter., ~ ('IARTHAGINIAn8o., ad BRaITISH feE,m '.JARItS COMlPARE:D: a Se0rmon preached a' Kr: tic:. ., nsa the Day of Natural Hursillation and Prayer. Byt';. Vp-- .'OBP;g ltiringtous, Waterloo'pla^ee. THE INTDIAN SOlRRiOW, and its Lesazns f:r the 5. oun. Semo peaced n he ay f .he Natmonaa umlIatiston. By CHAe~R.LEs JOH.S VAIJ(THAN'. n.~D., tna ?,favs ofHarow chol.Pubishd fr te burrnof the ludausD Reliehf Fond, London, Rivingrons Waterloo-place; Crosuley anst Lu Svo., price ls., the recetd edition, (revisedtb-ronibou-, r. dad ditlons and a copious index). of mHE INSPIRATION of HOLY SCRIPTVRE. TiIts Natuire and Proof' eighbt dIscurse preaci-I hetfu. they UnIversity of Diblo. By VILLt&M LEE.) D.. F-,ia t- t'utee of Trinity Co,lego,and Professor of Roe icaltlnHi.~ry n tn, OUt venalty of Dublin. Rlvlngf.ons. Waterloo-place. YONGS's, INTERNIRDIATE HISTORY of l rrady, in crown, Svo., (S60 pg)e, price ii-,. ~HE HIlSTORY of E§LnTD,tfront the Ealies T.Timer to the Peace of Paris. 1SI. By CIIAItLES :. ZK! VONGE.9 " It gives for the litst tilme. a really readal,sA n,d C.1npecf sumr!y of history, pervaded by right princlplea.c" i esnt brancer. Itiviectons, Waterloo-place. FR'ENOH MATDE EASY-Newaudlmproved editor n:.e -br e vols boond In oe. price li. POSt freeli,t_T: ed-. ONS. Le PAGE's FRENCH SCHOOL;rm £Lprsalgo- " L'Echo doe rParn.Gift of CounvPralt, a. n ' Lao Sitep to Frenc~h.'," "ons. rAe Page's three wrsia--t oLamfurnish a comiplete Uibrary for the student in French. at.:. at t-. Aram, time, a manual of convvrratlor, enasbling hn at o: .. -'ar and to spe-ak the langusze."-. Parthenon. EHdinghaza i e,R.toyal Exchange; and Meas.m LCougman. A standard P'eople's Edition, illustrated wiSth 24 k ttifol Wmos. Eugravings, price Is. tel.. wIl be ready insa few'do)p NCLE TO4MI's CABIN. Simpkin, ltl&rs;tsalz U aud Co. TheN WO iK by the Author of " hIlrarot s ..>,-i - at the librarirs post Svo.. coth, 7s. tid. -ORN H. STEGGALL: a real History of r SotfoUl boan, who ha benatIs a Saior a Soldier a h.:r4son, a FbJ.m low Commoner of Corpu hii Colee abrde1'd snwe Ourate, Of many years tndu,I the Cuc floiu.Nes, by himselt and editedbtt-v. B.. COBBOLD A. " tount, popularly written." impklin a nd C o' n ..r.Dom (USIN AI10,the Irish Noeit..Jtryfp.c..lzcoh TfHE8; LIFE of JO N A IM, the Irich Novelist' T !Athor o'DaomfoJad Pythias,,'&c.andono or tte wri',po "Pales by the OHara Famitly"' With"Rxtracte ft-im hIM nopa4 epoudence, general and literary. by PATRICK JTOSFP L , MURR &Y WkIlliam Lay, King Willlmsm~troet, Strand. SCIENCE-Nextweek. foss. Svs., is boaIrds, 2s, (A, clo:hb ~HE, DMO of GOLD. B3Y HENDIIIK CON.g T.SCIENC,Ato of " The Lion of Flanders," Ac. "II .d ong wiltereof fiction presre the healthful tone which rhasantterinE. these Volumes, theYWould not have been a proscribed olacs. Each o1 the tsjiea may be re-ad by the meet modest without a blush an be lba mist fastidious without soru `le.'- ctictlsReview. 5illUamr 1Ls, ltin# Willl%am'strcct., Strand,
SALES BY AUOTION. RRANGEMENT of SALE, by Mr. MARSH, of A the vauable CONTENTS of Hoebrldge-plae, Woking, Srmy, one raDe from theWoking Station on the Sonith-WFelitem RaDway : Fifth Day's Sale, THU1S D&Y, October 24.-The collection ot statnary and bronzee, the aervice, of chins and glase, end cutlery. Sixth Day's Sale, Monday next, October 2U.-The library of books. Seventh Day's Sale Tuesday next, Oct. 27.-S1x principal bed 0bam. berm. dressng room, Kining room, entrauce-hall, libraries, and emoking room. EIghth Day's Sale, Wednesday next, Oct 28.-The servant olfos, brew-house, yard. hay, timber. and out-door effects. Ninth Day's Sale, Thursday next, October 29.-The greenhouse plants. May be viewed. Catalogues (prlce 13.1 to be obtained at the Mansion: and at Mr. Marsh's offie. Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Hoessrldge-place, Woking, Surrey. l R. MABSH begs to announce that the SALE of _. theeboice COLLEOTIONof GROBNHOUSBPNTS il take place on the premises on Thursday next, Oct. 29th, at 12, In convenient lots. Catalogues may be obtained on applicatlon at the snanslo,; and at Mr. Mlarsh'a offices, Charlotte-row. London. Giosvenor-baslic,; Pimlloo.-To Buiders, Stoneaasons, and others- Secoud Annual Sale. IAESSRS. EVERSFIiELD and HORNE are in- _rM structed to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Bridge-whast, Belgeave-place, Pimlico, on Thuredav, October 23, at 11 for 12, on account of the number of lot3, the whole ot the excellent STOOK ; com. prislng 10,000 feet of sawn slab In HarebilL Potter Newton, Gazeley, and other Yorkshire stone. Portland stone in blocks. 20.00 feet of to^led and self-faced Yorkshire paving and landings, steps, ctlas sinks, coping, beadstones, dc.; also a strong contractor's waggon, set of brass sbeave blocks, and other effects. May be viewed one day previously, and cataloguas had on te praemises, aud of tho auctioneera, 40, PRrbla. ment-street. or Coal Exchange. Residence and Effects, 45. Devonshibre-street Potadplace. B ELOOD iU SELL, on Tuesday next, at r&L12, the HOUSEHOLXD FUJRNITURE; includinlg the ususl b o astsles, drawfng room chaise, sofas, &xc, of rosewood and walnut, in velvet and damask, large glasses. gaseliers, handsome tables, Cabinets, daven port, dc.; a satinwood boukoase, grand piano, ctumes and prints, carpets. sideboards. set of tables, library chatr and table, dials, hat-atand. pedestals, and various effects. Maybe viewed one day prior and catalogues had; also of ner. Egood, 98, Wlmpole-street. ItS. The convenient Residence in be Let. Millinary Great Coats, Blankets. u Caips, Wearing APParel S-heet,, Towels, 30Ib. Berlin Wool Salvage, Mantles, &o. mOPLI~S6 SOl, and HARBDING vill SELL by AUIJOTION at thelr Rooms, 16, St. rassl'scbuTyaN, C.O on Wednesday, October 28, at 1 punctually. 1,100 MILITaRl GRo&T otton and lien sheets 95 dew rozentowels, warion aprcel, 6 ga10 ira.B tin woeis, fancy goods, salvag8 cloaks. mantles, do. May be viewed the day preceding and mo ning of rcale, and catalogues had at the -fti rs-torvn.-Capital InvestmentoTwo substanttalo y bulD t and H. LUC KINconvenient Houses. N R LCIN* SELL by AUCTION, at the i M at, ov. 6, at 12, TWO long 2I,N.SE 6LD HOUS8ES, being No. 10and17,New Hoayptandst Nroad, entish-tooun, a few minutes' wvalk rrom the Camden Station. Lease about E0 years. at a low ground sent. One letPat £32 per annum: the other fit for ummediatemoccupaVIon. May be viewed. Particulars of the auctioneer, 10, Bucriers- bh ury, o eer 0 uk0.br.Oeaod,E0 nollo , and few ses' w rom tholg weekly Houses -& first-rate letti ng Property, suitable to smnall capitalists. jfR. LFOREI GOWil SELL byACTON11b , atthe da, Mcart. on FrIday, November 0, at 12, Noc. 6,F7,, aOdL S 13 to ,Brand-sreet, Hollowy; and lfos. 1 to 6. Brand-ronri, adjoininaSS let. Producing a gross rental of £140 8a. per annum, Lease 88 Tucker GrevjIe, nd Tuker, sllcitrs 2.eSt.lw gtetti'slae ando yesrs ata grommdrent. Aly be vie erms aa t c laOw Mesroun the auctIoneer, 1'0, ucTkulemrsbrusy, Clhe4sel)td8e. E C.lbn'-ae:ado Preeod anad Leasehold RDesidences inChelsea, some with possession 11 R. RE. wiWNwilSll byLLAUCTION, M at Garraway't Cohee-house, CBange-ralley, Gonu ril on Wene-a day, October 29 , at 11 for 1, a substantial FRESu bia LD briSIDEit a No. 0. UJpper Cheyne-row, Chelsea, with possession, pleasantlysaituate near rise Cadogan Diser No. ye. Markhams quare, a genteel residence, with poeseseslon, in perfect rePair; also Noe. 1 and 2, Anderson-street, well let atn 082per aRn ug; and No. 10, Anderson-street, havig a shop attached, withposesslon, all held for long terms. at low , roound rentl. The various Premsses maybe viewed by erfmitsion, and padticulars had of Moses-s. Coliey, Smith, Elmter,l and (Swa-klu, 4, Sew We.uars. L inctoln's-Inn s.r. H. E. Baill 51, Sloane-street, Bam. F, LEck, Eatd Cuola H.ous, Oaklmeby-square,Cnette seaoliCtorse at Garraway;s; anid of tr. Godwion.er,30, ilIntrrace, elroade-sqambe'h . So roadwellgrove, Vaea31road, Brixtun. TCH.. and H. WHITE il SEL by A I a- .U7 TION, at the Russell Hotel. Brexts'n-rodt, on Thursday, Oc. seven1 roome °DWLLU.fGel*B HUsxES, situaate and being Nos. 5,.6. 10 21, 22, and 23, RscssoU-groye, Va'ssil-road, Brixcon-road, let to respeOtable teuantl, hald on lease for a term of h3 years, producing a rental of £148 per annum. If not cold is one lot wll hb put up ep-s rntely. Lad makem May b e v iewedon of tenants Particulars had of W. P. Scott, Est., sohlcior, 55, Lm.coin'a-iun, Jamsue Grey, Xes., 71, Waterloo-road, Lambetis; at the Russell EHstsl. lose to the property;and of the auctioneerse 170, Princes-road, Lambeth, S. Pisnofertes by Broadwood, Collard, Stoddart. Broindnitdge, Mn, Hls-pc by E rard, Harrnolaim by Alexander. MR. SCOTCHE;R will SEL by AUCTION, at Lfj the Sale Room, 20, Leadenhail.street. cIte, on Wednesday, October 28. as 1 for 2, by order of theyTrustees ofaemr2s6etefrs,up wards of 25 ussr and second-hand PIninOroms.TuS by the most OoLcnsn loudon makers. Mtay be viewed the day prior and morning of sale, Catolosues had at the roomsn orofteauctIoneer,a70, Morti mer-street, Cavendish squnare. On Vbiewt.-Modern Purniunrao includtng a Difnine diom Sulte in n, wainuc Cabinets, E Cottage Piandoorte in walnut case. Mantel Clock, Books, Chis . Gaserers. orrs, Bardess, end Effect. H. ROBERT REID will SELIL, at his Rooms. GLCreat Mariborough atree on beonday, October 26, at 10 for 11, modm enRtITIBE comprising a dining room suite of nine chaire, tables, occasionas and fancy dltso, ronversaulon couch, sets of chanirs ao easy ditto, sets oi maborany extending frame dining tables, chim- eyan piergaes. Brussels and otter an-pets, tenders and bons. mahogany andu Japanned four-post, Trench, andl Asabian bedsteads, excellent bedding, wardrobes, chests of drawora wasbeatnds with chabe furiture, blshen oreq,c5lsltlebe,and meffeDcts.z Sty e viewed, Qute Clok 000D olunces of Plate ansI Pla:ed Articles, and rare Bntomologim olcin R1tH. THOMAS FOX is instructed to SELL by £ AUCTION, at the Roonsm. 21, Old Bond-street, on Thursday, Novembet 12, at 12, a LIBRARY of I 0`0 vole oto BOOKS, comprising the works of Bsron, Scntt, bbakespeare. Sterne, Hums, Smollett, Piskerton, Cowper, Cooper, James, &r., c0o ounues of niodern plate. plated articles, valiuable clock, microscope, proof engravinga after Pmout. Eastlake, and Hasdisg, and en ImportLant entomological colleotion. Catalogties one week prior to tie sale at the rooms; and of Mr. Thomas Fox, auetloueer and house agent, 93. Bishopsgate witbin. T~ho~rton-h-_~be,Croyoon. MESSRS. BLAKE will SELL by AUCTION, at iL Garraway's Coffee-house, Change-alley, C3ornhill, on Tueasay October 27, at 12 o'clock, 33 acres of highly valuable FREEROLD LAND, the greater osrtion of which is park-like meadow, in a picturesque and healthy setuation, harviter an extensive froutage to the high London road, asd being about 1J mile from the West Croydon Railway station o te land will be dividen into 11 lots, affor.ing most eligible sites for the emoction of suburban villa and other residences. Particulars, with plans, may he had, 14 days before the sale, ret the inns in the neighbourhood: at Garraway"' -,of Messs. MBlake and Snow, soUcitora, 22. College-hill, Cannon street, London- and of Mfessrs. Blake. Croydon. To Printera, Printers' Brokers, and others.-Removed from A2 Lower Thames-treet, for convpnIence of sale. MR. R. KEYSELL will SELL by AUCTION, at .f,the ROooms, 13, High Holbore. on Tuesday, October 27, at 12, the CONTENTS of a PRiNTING.OPPIfUB; comprisin upwards of twotinnsof tyrefromesight-line to nonpareil,wood lotternyounte, tmespoing surfaces, frames, s-asks, chiases supornroyal Albion Preom by Wokno,15, crOwn press, cylinider Inking tables, capital standing press, glaned boards, do. Catalogues, with printed specimensofthe type, may, be hadi of Mr. It. Keyseill 37, Ludgate-hill. Standard Roses, Orauge Trees, Dntoh Biabs, dc. MR HASLAM Will SELL, as above, 4tt the Auction LY, Martt, every Tnaday and Thursdary til the end of November.- EOpping. Oct. 23. Mortgage Deb. Of £100, amply secured upon Freehold Property bearing 1'i,,~ESRS, tiaterest at £5 per cent. M, ESCSRS. ABIRAHAMS and Co. will SELL by AVO^ T 0N, atGarraway's, Change-alley. Cormhill. on Wedne, day. October28. ati Drecisely, a 11ORTGAtSE DEBT of £160. rar- !lnaso ItA, Daniel, Esq., solicitor, 11, Adam-street, AePhi; and of tbe auctioneers, 51, Mortim er-street, Cav endish-aqus-,W. Large and valuable Stock of Looldug-glasoe, to be sold by order ot the ,, hT~~~anutacturer. 1JESSRS. JONES an,d BONHAM will SELL by AUCTION,onWeduesday evening. Octobr2g. oommenciug at0 6precteely, a large and handsome assortment of LOOKINGGLAS3SES, cheval and dresslng ditto, girandoles, console clasees ansl tables, aud a variety ot property appertaining to a manufacturer ot looking-glaszes; among them will be found sizes varlyng fo f. S0 ucheabtr69.70byS50,60bv43, 56 by 44, 50 by 40, 40by:0, and adoany others, the whole handeomely framed In gUit andl rarod frames. of the mosttasteful and elegant patterns; alo a quantity of large tDvered plates without frames, suitable for shops, panels, do., and a rvaietv of otheruproperty. Maybe viewed on Tuesday and Wednesds,5- nnntuitime or sale, and catalogues hqa,-A.uetlo rooms, lzelret1cr-qtlet, and *'o2 Bullde, fbpeualators. ManufArs, and B.old Property in tbs contr of Ide tow Od bertAb1e^Bofab MBSSRS. PAGE and CAMERON will 11ELL by M "UOTION, at the Sareac'rs Head Ion, DunstaLble, on Wednesday. 0elber 28 at3 for 4, in one lot, by dirwuonofhw eed for Wae u one teeid Wi o the late Mr . Willism Qaeneborungb, of 710utead a extemely desirable PREEHoLD E3TA-TE ied-tax redeemed, eltuat In tbeacentre of th.E ghI14 te,Dua8&betadl,aj eI ledr by Miss Qsnborongb, deceaeed, oo0alitiOg Of a oonvenlnt dwerf :g-house with dtabling coach-haouse, and oherl out-b11dinge well supplied with g-oc wate togthe wth a Iductlve garden valuale madowadjonl.'sg, tile whOle OOnt.fAinRn nearly five acres, unit pandssessng and iportant fr^ue Of170 feet tothe street. Poessindo To Aale mybardebIne, B1 aylderosr andthe oal atthenb-Ilnal Hed2 Nadovmero 4 and oreo.agents and lmerot., 64, Old iroa.street, ay. St.AnlaonsegMrdere.n ing purket o fardees budlder, anmedow onterLTingabou oe and, and 2 a smallEar PEAGE adll SELL o O f Mr. SuIsol by FRE D PET ND RontaInIng abwntei S Laces Paetiuarsand Ueheawth sead,en ctae nd aarene,e wholLmbe sitatell( Caldecote on the Great NaFgorth roa;d, two miloes ro Bi<'gglea alo 1be Cot trage,I Lanaford-etreEstat, In the town of valge etwade Particulairsan duoneofsalemaybe hEd attheCrownInn. Blggleewad, of Messrs. ThMULLEon Debenharn, Sand brywn, oliJCto %M5t. Alban's, e Garzav. s, ou teot Octdber Pat .i tTiWlbramr)a orontt,undr, Hig-street, efr ado ess Pag and Camero n ladagnsansuvyo, 6 t 4, Oald Brsoad-street, ondn,adst ESSRS. PAGE and CAMERON WS:L BELL by tbereCfn, N, at the White Hart Inn, Btomfoed, on Thuromda, November 5, at 2 for 3. In suitable loat, abott 300 very fine OATIbrER, TREES, Of good qualty and laMrge dImeneis, zoSlS con1 venlent forremnoval, clste to aood roads, on Haiault Foret an Poxburrow's Farms about three miles distint either from the Bfeed or the bomford Stattionson ths Eastern Conaties Railway, and 16 mile from London. CredIkt wilbe given. saubject to the uual conditions. Eah tree wil be maked with the number ot its lot In white paint, and may be viewed by applyIng to M.r. David Grete. HIn-ault Forest Faem, of whom castlogues can be had 14 days tor to the sae. Catalogues can also bse had at the WIte Hart Inn, Remford; the Swan Inn, f! at the Other amunu Inns In the neIghbourhood- and omf Mess Pae and Cameron, land agents and sourveyrs, Old sing d-4rteet, Iondon, and rs. Alhan's, Herts. eRtt ort hie -mearWi;at'rlyery deirab a rold Fanlyeer deuce, and 14 acres of Laud, woih dorsession. B -ESSPrS. PAGE and CAMER0n N are instructed by t Telropetor to SLELLby AUOtlION at the aBlrt, ondon.r on Friday, Nov. , at 12, WOODSMse LODGe the residthe Wt ford Stat On on the London and No th-Westent Railwa syonu trWthe rotd to St. Alban, comDrisin a genteel, modsen. and most substantially. beit house, containirne eiglt bed rooms, bath room. well-proportioned dnting, drawing, and breakfast rooms. capital entrance halln, god ftabling, oaoh-housE, and vrious out-office, al in excellent repair and condition (having beein built witin bt yerm, for the owners oon. patioT), and arranged and fitted up with every attentlonx to convenIeces and coomfort; well supplled with good water. std sutable for thb7Immediateoccupatilonof a faml of respectabiWty. Together with an enosed stable yard, lawn, shmlberes, kIchben garden, orcha, , o.. and 14 acres of parx-likepastorsg uthtun Tbroh which is a carriagedrive to the house. The rei dEnoe is deightfl situate, on an emi nence, the soil gravel, ommanding extenive and beautih u views of thee round cof BuntrtypIn-e a healthy andholexceptionable neighbour- rehood, clue e cDhurch and Fosorfcrer wi3thf aree depliey tohfr lThers. Lponrd Iar' nd Leord oronde' hounds. ihunt the contryma, and sciome ofrthon-obeTent, mets arcosohies at h land May be viewed n n. x cuepted,anlhd particrs, adconditimonsFy o nd s eale wthpans hafds of oh Sedgt.wck Req., solistr iuatrueed bya the Mart:adoprMessrs Pae an Camro, thod Saget Tavnd surveyo grs,e6, old TBrod-stee, and St. 2,e nsalngtondparic-terrae, LadtbrOke-squars.T NtEettlng- - legaut Moder Household Furnitre and rffeett-AbsoluteaudperemDtory Sale, R RJ.PETER BROAD will SELL byAUCTION £s on the Premises, on Wednemake, October 28, asll o'lock, the superior FURNITURE, comprising mahogany four-post and other bedrteads, goose feather beds, horse hair and Other mattresses, clean bedding, and the usua lchamober reunstlie rusels and other crpets, mahogany winged wardrobes, marble-top wash-stands, 61causes,ch carved oca-lcetfonler,and a drawing room sattehi greUtIDeLht velvet, chimney glasss, clocks, double-barrel gutn byJakson, guitar, china, gles,kitchenutnisusl, and numerone effects. VMaybe viewedprivately on onday. 26tho by ticket. obtainable at the olices, 28. P oltry; publicly the day prior and morning of sale. Cataogues on the premiBes, And of the anc tteneerl 28, Poultry, B a k e r s B u s rin e s s , d o i u rbng 6 S c s o W e e k r-l , L Ia s o n -s truw t , h lar y le . lIR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, So.1 t tae Castle Tavern, Mark-lan, on Monday, N', ovember 2 at 2 for3,a therINTEREST In the benedoll LEASEofthoseencomaunding premises, being 41, Lisson-street, Marylebone, held for the unexptred term of 14 years at the low rental of £40 per unm, together with the Goodwill of the husien , and the Fiatures and Utensi In trade of a balCer doing 16 sacks weekly. May be viewed. Partculars and condti tions of ale may be had on the p.emises; at the Castle Tavern, MarkI-neA or at the auctioneer', omea,et 2, Poultry. (i'tfluths's Ra nts Matfalete Benonldf ey l T14R. MTULL bN wyll SELL by AUCTION, at X Mart, n Fidy,s M 0 ona.te 6t of October,n187,la 12, a newly erected FREEHOLD 9WeLL3NGat 83 s.tuaea above, calle Thomas'so Cottage, and h eld byn for hell at thve yearlron off b Lie ltr. Particulars fro tboherr auc fteationeer, Col;Habou-lae, Cafro JhnDones Rq. 1 TreeKie out,Lombar-te, 1I/~~R. MULLE~V will BELL8by aUt IO ,a fro te ucionerCodnrbeslneCaberwli andHe-ak Ks-ot,Lombard-stet Alexander-rovA Beruon(isey - eoldis wil SLLbyAUCTION, at M C. MULLE wilT EL srwa's, on Ooda,thber26thnofiOvober )GH sb taOntlwewly-erecte gonenisent DWUESLbLrg -HoUS.a 2 Into os eantd, at. Brentsw amoreEtogt,Olbro;39 Ianyear.andbelnNsn1 Inro the abverohad.ePrticlar may ber hadon from theo utoer aolianmeborlne. Carm torwen ando Albno-placer ye-ekssae tulnat Garraway's andfroMr.oh Downes e. soiitro, he King-crt cor.Lomnbard-street. n h utoer od el aC lr& ary-squreet alaso,Pehls Bi!kGarn-raean'. on ondayeOstoer 6.nt1,I eihlosa ac piee o FEEHODBIDA INGa t Que' ItLAD with The ote CondhTuesdaye, Camorberwe17, and o'lbok. e,Hd-asrua r oLe, Greenwch;andtat thesuagfic aes f thDwer,esoidecetor,f ThreeKn-ourt.oh eLombrdstr.eeat. Etaei uro xr. SoualeLadth-sreetoandjGove-street.nin Grtoeenwich. l. ~ The RroMunflLEr t thhoscna wl ntrSELL haby AUC tIO, bat Alt hGaroom y', on 6 ondaby, October 26.dat 12,in ob e 13; ser OVns'h COTT~l aGE.y agnteel reousidene ISouth.strhexet.wih arg golardeng.and fiatebleor andstwosmle Hof e Inain Gorove-street adjinng by1ease-.mrnn hcold,!at agrond rent 1for about 14 yahraea rs om,toarn rAletat b 5d a-m, P.Greesngwich;, the auctonet er. CTahe a--oane, floorwe aondissHydmepartiksqur coret Jo hneDowtues,dEqg, olior,m ,Tr eee forstliud-tobli, &.In he garente VillanResidlenc;es,wihgood Gardens.b,12ana gIjTden M LuEe, wihhetng llaaue h SELL e by A UCTION ateI railGaysrawad's ondmonday. Octdfobr28i tive lrctoinofEIGHTesubstantial well-built convenbiedntgOU bomengNod 4,i5. 6,7,8 0,ea stapl tand I,tbtowrrnswlk zzrc-ent-upon-Tra.bu.lanewhCam fberw rolrthylar only haldfotanbmitnue'swalkfaromalinero opatimduset alplyats ofr Lhou-a do,=e and offrvteyaneor; porchain Me single,dgentel and Sml cmfortabl resdenes,wth,ow andwos oomury advlantagy es,seldmtobmtwih P1i-sartlofhed purchaermsyma rheemai ng e.acu houer by previos arrangement,bTe n toruen abo ith 44yeafrs.a agoudretPr ticlaisabotGamrawak'snof Mr Dnowner slinetor,1 Thrlee.)King-court, Lomar-Treet; and the waucTionern, Coldham-reeboulne TCisaymOberwe an H'e-ak- at1.t,LES(fr 1 er,e *40rn)adGOWL -ByMe TRA EED o ieatab th9e ee' 11 HoNtel, in abore.Ton-unTrenif, pon Tueesdy,rNoviembonern7,at6e'nce bt orbss-,addonai comfLrthatd cmnpdtatresetanaeblae mothbe tesdenceayof .Cewed aobeMrt Johnr eetlu eq.decealseo,situat Swn Burtr ponsEtraeI oofthe paiho uhtioneerup, onret,ampIn-sthecuty Blof tafrd, with te. valuabeLn thmieret Randjoini-ng,l toneatntogPaltoehr a. Hom. Fan. The g-rounwl oorouh honesday October of. entraca 171o 1,a ag udt. y 7f riIngroom,2buldt ing b r31ter cndy bulde'fcat,byd13;rse,ati'mbecall, ruiage'sa pantrty,n all omreouledofhice, with abostl0iertceslofarirng.%Th bef;malsoft evinl.elbyo161te lny achrvedstobedvroom, f bersthpTed froomt Sadrsin. om ?a bookviredtwodo. Thfoetbsacn loo cnsistslofesevent aTtles closet, doueThvern;utbuildings uciomperise oflourst alld stbl, DevoIn thie.gade i ony excellen tthgeenhooro, lOf, by 1 ar~dtnd gnatde uhrse,ywitho bntin apparatus.ob Theiswhole of buildingsh are in toonl repair,Tetlandin wel Trsitesuatedrwthregard o to enuatsodRv railwys,so isuadmrab, dc asaeddo)h.eetono bee mAitou, odr od oter bumlidngea neybnectedrmoue with th reqtat sap' otraide opth tond 1f Bu rt.n-9p. nmoreorThe3whale ofrtherd,problert Isa frdold orasuI,nheritdlace.,FrInutiorercpartiaaeoppn to Mrr. B.Thomasr astponer and tberefyor; an loralto Messt.Rcardeo aned mayllm, asolicitos tbereton-co-Tresng,atwh s ofaricbues p andma b e5see2 - p.i.oeo ue orchad, arble, ham-green, wireladlthPsesis heocuaion.o lARal. CorLKER T is6 h inst erutdby tahellProprdietorti(who lie s inabgou otiembarkingry in anothertline ofbmies l fo rdto SELLuh 2,atb12, thr eeS lIns fro yheMobars, rtonly Btretio a ndteNot GODWIL comfort, and c oumndedatreopebouabya comfortabletradte. tMayrbe viwd,adP.articulrs. ar e hdobtaied;r alksona heSand mtavern, Epplex; otrofteetauctiadLoneeri,otrSutamptheonffireet. Bboorrry .rE.rrart- oalo, Paokuer.-To sirabewood lrsAbsorite Salre-dhenldromandotholers, lAR, LUCK GIBBSwiUl SELL by AUCTION,T onth indi a-roadon Wedneday toveber 26, at 119fO FI2, uatlreqantity fuil Rich-street, Poplar.ner 10 Bckl,z No. 113, Alder3gawe rtreet,-Re Goteb sor Cobb, shoe manefastoregs, of Rettering, Northamptenshire, ba'skrtti lR. SAML. JOHNSON wil SELL hy AUC- M TION, at bis R2ooms, as aboe. ;onednesda, O atsor 18 a 12, the FIRST PORTIOJN or the extensive anid most super.io, SI'OOH In TRADE of this estate, and some other effects, compriing 15,000 alIre of boots and shoes in prime calf, and pateut Welington and Prince G orge bota. Balmoral shootinz, 81de-spribg and button boot-, naied aukles, watertIlshta, Bluchers aud Oxonlans, also a large assortmeat of womeu's an4 children's goods. miltary accure, a few lots of loather, an eigbt-lay dial. office-table, and other articles. Catalogues may be had of G. J. Crabam, Esq., official assignee, Ceman-street and ot the auctioneer, 193, Alderszate-street. MR. GEORGE KNIGHT respectfully announces to i. his Mfieuds and 0cnexion that hos is nstructea to SELL, at the Mhart, on Tuesday, Oct. 27, at 12 for 1 o'clock tho following WINTh' In bottle, viz., fire old Prtis ot Cookborn's, Otly'z, KopkI, and Sande man's shbpsias, from receutly to six Sears In b Tia; verY tin and superior Sheerr,e pale, goli, and brown, of Mllouslay, Durdou's, Gordon's, Ganzaez and Dutals's, Misa, and MM. cia hora'oshippln4exceeoengly 5ne Champagre, in uarte anci pinte, a smll Dparcot Cognac Brandy, In cases slipped by theChampag&neNbieyardProprietors' Company; a bI, ot tea1t growth Clarsbsi and a few dozens o' lire old IlayWVbiIy. Sarerd p may be hadxl by ent, or tast".e bs morning 01 a,nd during the sale, Catalogues at the Yflrt:* or ot tbe oker. George Knight, 20, C n Hall-ch s To Cbyrnt'te Druggists, Turutture andl *idet Dealiers, and others. 26, at 12 EIA ITTB oldmbgn itns bturo,a fee- piaintings, books, aud prints, ro, On view Catalogues at the rosada t ,u sta Victes, ,aned tree. Superior modern Elousehold Ii'ntitures Gas Cha. dellers, and Effets remaoved frjom the Kent-road. IL- E. THOMNAS -,VWl SELL by AUCTION, at I.1 hisGallery. 35. Loier'eFgre,~ on Monday evening, Oct. 26th, at 6, HOUSEHOLD t3Rl~' uR.Bvr ; cmprislng as drawping room suite of curtains f or two windrs oewo his cuhsInTes his r-orwoort loo.card. and o ,,caoua,l tables, fendere and fire-trons,tapetry Iattern Brussels and o*lne, careete',nahogcny chairs in leather and hair etot. cnche, 5f5~,eas chans,patet dnin tables, pedestal si1de- By Order of t XOr &gee,-B Owr.ad, in4 w hold Inve MR. EDWIN FOX ss inan d to SSL" by AUG. i'ION at the Mat on Wedueday October , aI^ lin iwo Lto A alile LdAEIiOD FrorPl VTYD co "e beck.hullt hourng, adrantageoussly eltuate be1ig o,i4,6A7l street, routh-grove, oEw-road, ner the ot o u london Oemewy, lot at renb. amountig to LOS Per annum, ma!d held for lang tem.at ow FreUD rONt;6 Iday be viewed, and pexiolabahad on the preanltaet:a MSesr. Bllle, Phillips, and B ansister bollalre, I1Z VOle reut?'a-e Bend at Xr. Edwin Fo' offices, B,oean. . Betlinal-geen-road, EDWIN Fo]Xw SELL by AUCTION d the M^rX On Wedneeday October 28 at n, a LEAS'OlIOIr brick-built EOUSE, with Yard aDd Workahop In tle mr, situate an" being N-or1 Warrirplace sorth Inesthenalg.e-rodpelaep ble TN, at it Mentalrt. onlWe erBsnW hut, wotZEt 1elroed le £23 pe r anndm I btld for a tenm of inl yeAsu onexp4 dh at a&ounl S c at a £3 per g unsun. Way be viewed, ad partilculan hd Io Gs_te. J Shatw, E oq. d solici tory, 6, Old Jewt.k at She rt e preml; arid at M.E. id o Fox'l soes, 41, oa.eme-At street. Dank. ~ ~ lena-tret,Bak 1silnatou.-lj'or Occupation or Jn,sainscot,B1 order of E ti Mart th geeo. RlD. EDWIN FOX is5istructed to SELL by AUG. TIONfit the Mat on Wededag Octber 28, at 12nu aNM brick OUBB. t l-utand,Ebelu RO 23tol SomIet-gres arnsbss-crt.road, Iaindtn Nof th annl,.ualdvalue Of. £Fras: eldfOa4 atoertgradrns MWaYb' o ewed,and particalateo mart and at Mr. Edwin Fox's offices 41, Colerama-treott, Bank. Phatu TOORE n Alld~d)-ro and ... Par s.,sy otteo. e4 Stockwtbllx the lslov3Lasme odatn fothtwnfEned- "R, EDWI the Moferinlatrctveeass, g dts FOX ja v intreeted to SELL by AUt hrc.:nilN at t he nudoa tbM on enedayk ofLoen , atl iedneer a HOUSESt o sitwatevandubeing S. o10 EStA-TES Commeecil-road,'eckhadn preducing oentall amEn yo £1hiON, at the per annum; Two bruk.bull tAHoutes ano2 LIttle P6da arstet Tot.nd ienh,andconeuret-ronle and o.s. ernci'Ahonldk, otf a enleman's-ralet a.e wre arsnt to £40 e d amespectI°nely frantofti lon-t ei,lg touse vn% aoraceterchoo hrents May be viwrt d and parti cvi ulaonr ha ono teMemSec~oftt. TGoudden,an Ehw, solicir, , Gaysincon-pla int-fields tterta,nad t. Edwin Fox's offises 1 Colemne-straet,Boank. Wlehnsge.uli Mlril.ex iw mies rottheualwa dithelovea .Valuable Freehold Property, eri , a~Copyhol,d,r anLes. T1,rR. EDI O vfi directbyATdto SELL by AUG. .LT,tTION. at Eithe Mart,n oppositehold8, onIneddaler y, a 2aw l Ott. 28, at12 'clock, i n to lots, O er 27,*t12. sitateIn Pthe rurvaluandadMied vllageeof b W Ret and pariJhot of Edmonton,abl the ounteehol Buiidiree, xpirto oLandf a meug Fonr dwellnHU-huose, wit outbulhed ingse 8,-it .anu oFerIn antprpiert o the Auto at nTerectio ofe a ? geieam' 12l for1,i several} eme houses, ovaubeFchlLandanaltetotio-Ielns,o h COllSie. nea *Dgchofe hw fils cotal63uIngan abud u t Br 2& hrming posidtioc fr aded) cottage brd.Tetwoeentye can-3 be a viewd oaplctiobn to tbme Sll, hofl W6luemee-ii,o whm'articular;nd oosw mat be ohiatened o'Mesre. St, Ta.onydits,Ybn and the, soilctces,o tbe Bincoln'us lan-feto at1the M argt a ndt C.: Edw in F o t' s oB oes. 4 C ole eet w,^ ValIbe rewebold G d ttoldtn psnu, anw theaebor lione inres cf Eastur I to the Back ntap lo of 1c n . R.EDWI FOX isinstruct~ed to SELL by AC .5 tenhelthe Mart, on Wedn3tesd November18, le 22,n arwellsecuoqre3dto FEHOLD (3dR')UD. RENdT of£ predannum, arisinla Outd ofditwolonsi oi. eal r3as sd 1t0lf. G.rbatet F. reenwc Hbuddr, wit. several U a tih bl dig t ne the oar, fri k the p,redent nEt, retlofhich It 3 presmPed ob ab@iout 120pe atnuns. withtmuhe valubl Brihevi,erso thert Fonet-he Epiration of the Crete hea ao.strr eq lict 4A . Dexcot, Teeas eml ano at M. Edwi:nFo' niics. 1 Coeman-distret.c;n rn f hA . EWINFO will SE triby AdCtoOSELL the MJ r itCPOp,eton thy oartCT12, on 12ddthe o ther I t2., nU No.ll, D neaouotbstrelek-h lit cuSatie,on of nhetfagUy of dcated i Tenninge arndsopl;Goupon beeng 8TO E 1d er toiv 0RtiOul8ra 't Trr i Loldouderry-road Cagmberwel 20acrring MeLed',fherD brewryo, letat rt man lifdu tarror 144,Dandne for 00 yeadraueht horoe, at a lo Sterndt rent. Maylbe vinewed andatt onrt had of on eri teosh, alq-ndhoad,sEo. Hoe hiferd 29 P ltry' 4t thev Mart; an ato Mr. Edwin Fox'e *lfse -1d therEsxecutr ix of. l ra nk, tro eov b d1wa p Vn Taluabl Lr,eaeod Pr opeubuitorty , capbleof caveslo laine Shopan. MjR.ED I FOXR w sintucodt SELL by A ofMa,asrt, atu TheuMar, No W.edd. Novme at at 1 TE aOd4,Wlingodtonlaoe, pamleh tresectab tonte, al Irental amunting tod £11 paery anum otesut. capy hbe of rodutcIn graty Iefocrsedrbe ale caronverb3diont- tehos Heuldr for Otbearinnapind ato thebb year,e ;cnd reunt d.ent an of pen Me riee2, andperil- wick-square; at the~ art; and at Mr. _dwin Fox's offices, 41, Cole. mlnsiyritilx ireFrn. Beknnbamdd decased. n JR. OMOORE wilu SELL by AUCTION at the onMart,on Thurdsdy, Nor. 12, at 12,n the remisebs,hOe1r No.t7. Devonport-eeIn rogcu1tIon Jofe-tD the mily ionf laese. Torus50 yers, Gound out £. Desripti e nariculars f T. W Eatrom , R20 , t ou401 tors Dean Tbo ole-hlo Wh ite ose -r eet , S ateneyD E,; at the Mart; and at the auctioneer'soiss iecdra, ofx. dtroc l andor s . a tlsantiod o uses and Shops,hroer oe thea Executri ofl hegie. Jamunges maych dhete'd, in two iotase 1 MOR. will SELL by AUCTION, at tIOe HonSS ien EassOt-plaer2, Chap2l-sredetSlyr weil; lt at £3s oterml 43 y ars. ron e r:.ent £ TwoLeasehold ousesand Shps,i'nHorSn sea-roteet Holel at £83; tem an years oandOhurcht- c.ree)lest atbell6s,h an d Bann ister, s io b2, Cem entelene. EODJ.; at the Mart ando atnth nutornser offiscer. Miioa'egudr oney b Near,6,ItJnlp tey l SIlto u. Lea reod prdta ug .i threelts, le or lneatmn,-i f reoftr xctrofM.Jh Ford, decased,loatX8 .utB. MoOO REfi willSEL by AUCTION t t . erts.o S Nlr. OD the erziss Auctionn zS n -iitober t, on Nemb1, Octoert27e atn lthreIZ ace fo,r andbonekletoerafrl. eoin 1e tew rne-t roett aMcwit'iane. fi lt at £11os, term 2he yars. groud rnito, £2 t at ilwriioubr 3itailbuh, FornP rentmianT a. p-y toolrca Houe, 3 and 4, Biaruoy-pate, rk- reoa ad, M l etddleserm-B Ieg n re £s. treritetotb Mile-end-road.OctFb, -astUend loftunsnofValul Freold, Cuihldirg and,Laneod Pr' opetyuroducing ut wlbasdcsofmi-d ertanndaum. g,ittig robe ord Zdledlntetow ndeof.EndAldisdfor invetminutl,byOrdir of the Abuinch AndraUworesoftir. Thus. ccuier, deceachhused.Bafrerala tick art bewe odoThu and EbtNold.1w. a hho ERE FhtEEI mieLs inU Hrayhsrt letan at zAlle nin renewsi 1 ehrs.For partli-ouland Church-o Mr.tJ, Gloetrt14 Chasevsie. n leshldstth (ldrad,elet batletor to Mt W.usy h,sdc ltennher.ea14w, lornest aet,£0 B. C. phl Bok stree,lta £168 a Fareeholod, 11. rotlrse, e at E18 aV aLease- hoE, 0, tehutret luctifonMrtwhol Testerm, a Othbree7Leat 12hordsern tbree lt,%lto es o voetr,a 0 2. tLaeod co HseIs-Te,et Atc£10 ovand uabl Freehold atBakndse, letoat £t0 s Descioiv patw icularsof Tins,ure landtsud solieiof r,bDeandCot3t Haerouse,Whituae hborstreei Sthepr B if. at Stae Sd.Roeband at th asued Herth -By fire miuW al o tHITBiNkhAMirat- the Sautionon VAN LUtABLoFrveiobldrehl Buiding Land, and bu Foureerubetauo atle uitreLi-nd. leto the tHonee1S,ithglardn's.a frtaeon thandHac.itnaird-on-.ado the ne_Nvetwrad, landwinfrmthifve Lorndon-roalk tof theBR,tiernet Statindonthe Grendeotemed Haltclway. For pardtlrolas osaple ny toMr hill bufldr. G. rnF t at th'nUerailway Hotl.bar-etSitin at the innso sl .ad r iNVthE.ulghittsshcotn; at theplc ofticsal of-toe Mritish LadCopn Whititighdm, 14, sgoorgatremtreLndo, Lodo.C RC EIfield, hpallddrlektselBeMr. t.h. Foroa-lT-GriASt, t the Auninsvyo. Maorit, or tou8 yAU TO, on Tuesd ay, October 27, i 15 F2 oUclck louts ofremisesble Fri~eqehcol tn cmeld Buldogad,and Fnlnou ubtuilybrroailt) 5WDOSemiCdeanhd ProusE BwieB gadns,adijoiningothe towno Enf-ield, 2nd withdingare mmuk'b'aralg srm theachurc s-iL nd ballwo.statlninTe ctuolerno ach edruhouseholds a.frebesralwa ticket bquetwenhLndnarnd Ba) elorwhcrinchatheoEseterCsnthes Roil.e I imearACoepaes ph-aiferto renewl4 fart1Drneswe,,For sartiulr apply 'wo W. K lsitiorhm, 1, Mooeatestret, Bc.a8 at, urt Buekhxst-bll, rearwodfor, Itwex.-u Mr.iar. posIits, 0 s. HAM,itttheAucton art on uesay,Octoer , t 12 aybfore1 i three lois, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ th nigbor TXhENayeresaroF alu.Bleckenhomd Lan, ontt R.lu o twoI ies o pastrurte lnndt S nELof cble AUlTINd- riodeeTedrF aytOateobetween sthe Bacldfcd,Sta the oniebuck0 loans, oed wThin prive minutes' wLalkdo the llADckHArYtinstation. on dtheiou,chod iHllway, Parst~ticula ydalrs and condiin fsulmabershad: usual red WittwUb ivnbm. (at teguleso thy e bsd oh Land rompey, 1a.tortteetreete, BaC.: hat theI lace of ale; of Ms7 rm. ie CroyodfIrdnan atoRmig;ado the Inns IneetheUrerlSbboultaosan Rt. Abns REDWNts MrHIT,EB wHTi SHAM ci AUTheGOrN Inn,wSt.Aba',ont Tuseod~aty ro'overbc 37, Bittsfores0 tn thee eirento, ITLA BLEdaak.cina marbleltold Bidn Land, aAE Gnd abou = 1 Threlegameto Fairen Laesand, lv tote stons-n of t.aumberno'x e marblo te Hal tfield-od,randerhpieow-roast leadfine c from~s the LonDon-row toeda theorHatfed-raoad,nLndtfax rhedemd caaloieslmarsb ndouIniso calekrunt be - as Nof Musr. F Ax,r,ad 3houer,St A R.n:a thEOpano aOBISONa-isM. V i . Whiiunted j th t theig Mueseofts Brtio SEL, r lndeni.a Copay Liiodi.o Ta,oorgaute-siret, Olctmouber-at 12tbFRNIcTUe RE narnthePFoEsT-ilStation of theugroydh -int, dropriet ortoSL byna cia, tCT.o, a ~oncTannt-td,October 27.(a 12 'clvc. on ooo the ub'aronnlees coryequnce oftbing ctepll,d to dis-bab miik.band harr tows;aninetstronn actie dr-oauiht ho-,rte,aiuzct hem ofuoa,eash ofiawr, enut.lje,e and poplarb trewes. the dnix peels,r2 sand ofc.ordwoodue badsako. rm pln e' a, 0Io ulc Notting-bill.---Sal-dotached Villa for ilovestmeno or ome-patioms over looting and having acces to loanjf ni p3a%sur.-enasads. 1R. SWAIN will SELI by AUCTION, t the IMJMart,ln November, unl_e p-vlously iearoaud ot by privtto r th lfon LEASEHOLD VInLL,derubly &ituate, and. beig 3 Lastiwueroa, Knnlete.pak. eld. roe an un'expired terem of85yeatrs bon tl. a ceot sa gro t-rnt,andof the annual siluoe of t8 per narbme pDVa' be foiewed, costparvtioere. or th o ouRtions ot vale, had n the prmis: of -l Bsdse. 1?eq.. rmlis-tors3,vtO YLion- sqarae.e W a. ;at theMart ; a,nd at the auctioneer tor iode,Notrlng City Auction Booms, 9, Grecuc h-beot E.0, -larhle Ctliiu'y - plece, and rOD renaining Feoolk of the L)oadon a:d CoviDtebtal Mfarble ompanrD reinqulash&tg buslusee.I J{R EOHN SON a-tTehe ccve Instructions to SELL tJ b.y AUOON. at lbo City Aunctio byoion te a abrovem ln the large room on the firet floor, et Friday. Oct. 30, at 12 (tie stock hafrvng been removed for conrenle sce of eiSel, the vauable COLLECTIoN of MARBLES. in Roncs. 7.Gioaue. K Anne's, Filorritirs, Nhroteac, feesse, bluehs blall. uother choici ge rlng.and rare varieties. somprieug himey-pece ~ rea boastyandeleance of doatgns, circular chefouer.cudconolet~ds, ashstad, ndhill table toSs, alsout quor feet of marble pa'g forall conservatory, or obuse b tloors, and filaed varios marble si a shelves, n Sc Toa ho viewe two dasr previously. andu catalogus hd copper vrooms, and 1 atthel o eiron of o hl oUuo rauy, h Crooed-laone, Lo. don-bridge. 'Approned bile aht wo months will be To llorew.a Pliant Brokers, and others. A R . HOP,NCASTLE h%s received instructions to Mf coffa r for S. LE by AUCrioN on the Premises neptune Brewery, Broe -street, Rsatlffe, on londay Oct ur61 at forl Precirely. n one jot, the whole Of the uearir 'ew, 5A modem fired P'LANT and .IIACIIINFRy, contaIninig all the latel tmuprovements, as it n3ow Staainudo comvrlsing a very guperlor cix-herce hishi-proisusro stleem englr u, ;with all the shafting, gearig, and roenexious, with liquor and t wo feedi pumps, 16-horse holler. as et Iu brick work, witha all the sIos Aing, fittings. connecltioR ripes &5. ; at1-qmmarter mashi tun fitled with0 meshinig machine, a72-barrel oak boiling haick with casthson Plat. is and copper worm, a 170-barrl cast-Iro cold liquor back with ier sioe piurss So. ,a 42-barel cast-iron bot Ilion-back and corse worm, 'A 40-barrel east- iron cooler, a ml rnhtlqo nkvsig bark 5 oad connecting pIPes Fteaabine machine a-nd pIpes, wort pump, euctirri and grnting, five fir working squares excellent malt miUll Jacon' ladder, hoppers. und malt Cave, smsall Iron jib with crab, chain. and can hooks, togeth.erwith allthe eas fittinFgson ihePremises, And. In the overt ci these not being a purchaser It will Immediately be sold. In lotc without any reserve, Cat&logsses and cards to view to be~ had tw days prior to the vale, of R. Bastard. Halq.. solicitor, 8, Rood-lane Ec ; of lIees&. Preston and Webb, sDIOlctOrs 9, Carey-atreet.Urole's-Inn, W.O. ; and at the Offce Ot thle auttloupsc, 2l01, HII~l.tWt,tt Fopular,
SALES BY AUOTION. RRANGEMENT of SALE, by Mr. MARSH, of A the vauable CONTENTS of Hoebrldge-plae, Woking, Srmy, one raDe from theWoking Station on the Sonith-WFelitem RaDway : Fifth Day's Sale, THU1S D&Y, October 24.-The collection ot statnary and bronzee, the aervice, of chins and glase, end cutlery. Sixth Day's Sale, Monday next, October 2U.-The library of books. Seventh Day's Sale Tuesday next, Oct. 27.-S1x principal bed 0bam. berm. dressng room, Kining room, entrauce-hall, libraries, and emoking room. EIghth Day's Sale, Wednesday next, Oct 28.-The servant olfos, brew-house, yard. hay, timber. and out-door effects. Ninth Day's Sale, Thursday next, October 29.-The greenhouse plants. May be viewed. Catalogues (prlce 13.1 to be obtained at the Mansion: and at Mr. Marsh's offie. Charlotte-row, Mansion-house. Hoessrldge-place, Woking, Surrey. l R. MABSH begs to announce that the SALE of _. theeboice COLLEOTIONof GROBNHOUSBPNTS il take place on the premises on Thursday next, Oct. 29th, at 12, In convenient lots. Catalogues may be obtained on applicatlon at the snanslo,; and at Mr. Mlarsh'a offices, Charlotte-row. London. Giosvenor-baslic,; Pimlloo.-To Buiders, Stoneaasons, and others- Secoud Annual Sale. IAESSRS. EVERSFIiELD and HORNE are in- _rM structed to SELL by AUCTION, on the Premises, Bridge-whast, Belgeave-place, Pimlico, on Thuredav, October 23, at 11 for 12, on account of the number of lot3, the whole ot the excellent STOOK ; com. prislng 10,000 feet of sawn slab In HarebilL Potter Newton, Gazeley, and other Yorkshire stone. Portland stone in blocks. 20.00 feet of to^led and self-faced Yorkshire paving and landings, steps, ctlas sinks, coping, beadstones, dc.; also a strong contractor's waggon, set of brass sbeave blocks, and other effects. May be viewed one day previously, and cataloguas had on te praemises, aud of tho auctioneera, 40, PRrbla. ment-street. or Coal Exchange. Residence and Effects, 45. Devonshibre-street Potadplace. B ELOOD iU SELL, on Tuesday next, at r&L12, the HOUSEHOLXD FUJRNITURE; includinlg the ususl b o astsles, drawfng room chaise, sofas, &xc, of rosewood and walnut, in velvet and damask, large glasses. gaseliers, handsome tables, Cabinets, daven port, dc.; a satinwood boukoase, grand piano, ctumes and prints, carpets. sideboards. set of tables, library chatr and table, dials, hat-atand. pedestals, and various effects. Maybe viewed one day prior and catalogues had; also of ner. Egood, 98, Wlmpole-street. ItS. The convenient Residence in be Let. Millinary Great Coats, Blankets. u Caips, Wearing APParel S-heet,, Towels, 30Ib. Berlin Wool Salvage, Mantles, &o. mOPLI~S6 SOl, and HARBDING vill SELL by AUIJOTION at thelr Rooms, 16, St. rassl'scbuTyaN, C.O on Wednesday, October 28, at 1 punctually. 1,100 MILITaRl GRo&T otton and lien sheets 95 dew rozentowels, warion aprcel, 6 ga10 ira.B tin woeis, fancy goods, salvag8 cloaks. mantles, do. May be viewed the day preceding and mo ning of rcale, and catalogues had at the -fti rs-torvn.-Capital InvestmentoTwo substanttalo y bulD t and H. LUC KINconvenient Houses. N R LCIN* SELL by AUCTION, at the i M at, ov. 6, at 12, TWO long 2I,N.SE 6LD HOUS8ES, being No. 10and17,New Hoayptandst Nroad, entish-tooun, a few minutes' wvalk rrom the Camden Station. Lease about E0 years. at a low ground sent. One letPat £32 per annum: the other fit for ummediatemoccupaVIon. May be viewed. Particulars of the auctioneer, 10, Bucriers- bh ury, o eer 0 uk0.br.Oeaod,E0 nollo , and few ses' w rom tholg weekly Houses -& first-rate letti ng Property, suitable to smnall capitalists. jfR. LFOREI GOWil SELL byACTON11b , atthe da, Mcart. on FrIday, November 0, at 12, Noc. 6,F7,, aOdL S 13 to ,Brand-sreet, Hollowy; and lfos. 1 to 6. Brand-ronri, adjoininaSS let. Producing a gross rental of £140 8a. per annum, Lease 88 Tucker GrevjIe, nd Tuker, sllcitrs 2.eSt.lw gtetti'slae ando yesrs ata grommdrent. Aly be vie erms aa t c laOw Mesroun the auctIoneer, 1'0, ucTkulemrsbrusy, Clhe4sel)td8e. E C.lbn'-ae:ado Preeod anad Leasehold RDesidences inChelsea, some with possession 11 R. RE. wiWNwilSll byLLAUCTION, M at Garraway't Cohee-house, CBange-ralley, Gonu ril on Wene-a day, October 29 , at 11 for 1, a substantial FRESu bia LD briSIDEit a No. 0. UJpper Cheyne-row, Chelsea, with possession, pleasantlysaituate near rise Cadogan Diser No. ye. Markhams quare, a genteel residence, with poeseseslon, in perfect rePair; also Noe. 1 and 2, Anderson-street, well let atn 082per aRn ug; and No. 10, Anderson-street, havig a shop attached, withposesslon, all held for long terms. at low , roound rentl. The various Premsses maybe viewed by erfmitsion, and padticulars had of Moses-s. Coliey, Smith, Elmter,l and (Swa-klu, 4, Sew We.uars. L inctoln's-Inn s.r. H. E. Baill 51, Sloane-street, Bam. F, LEck, Eatd Cuola H.ous, Oaklmeby-square,Cnette seaoliCtorse at Garraway;s; anid of tr. Godwion.er,30, ilIntrrace, elroade-sqambe'h . So roadwellgrove, Vaea31road, Brixtun. TCH.. and H. WHITE il SEL by A I a- .U7 TION, at the Russell Hotel. Brexts'n-rodt, on Thursday, Oc. seven1 roome °DWLLU.fGel*B HUsxES, situaate and being Nos. 5,.6. 10 21, 22, and 23, RscssoU-groye, Va'ssil-road, Brixcon-road, let to respeOtable teuantl, hald on lease for a term of h3 years, producing a rental of £148 per annum. If not cold is one lot wll hb put up ep-s rntely. Lad makem May b e v iewedon of tenants Particulars had of W. P. Scott, Est., sohlcior, 55, Lm.coin'a-iun, Jamsue Grey, Xes., 71, Waterloo-road, Lambetis; at the Russell EHstsl. lose to the property;and of the auctioneerse 170, Princes-road, Lambeth, S. Pisnofertes by Broadwood, Collard, Stoddart. Broindnitdge, Mn, Hls-pc by E rard, Harrnolaim by Alexander. MR. SCOTCHE;R will SEL by AUCTION, at Lfj the Sale Room, 20, Leadenhail.street. cIte, on Wednesday, October 28. as 1 for 2, by order of theyTrustees ofaemr2s6etefrs,up wards of 25 ussr and second-hand PIninOroms.TuS by the most OoLcnsn loudon makers. Mtay be viewed the day prior and morning of sale, Catolosues had at the roomsn orofteauctIoneer,a70, Morti mer-street, Cavendish squnare. On Vbiewt.-Modern Purniunrao includtng a Difnine diom Sulte in n, wainuc Cabinets, E Cottage Piandoorte in walnut case. Mantel Clock, Books, Chis . Gaserers. orrs, Bardess, end Effect. H. ROBERT REID will SELIL, at his Rooms. GLCreat Mariborough atree on beonday, October 26, at 10 for 11, modm enRtITIBE comprising a dining room suite of nine chaire, tables, occasionas and fancy dltso, ronversaulon couch, sets of chanirs ao easy ditto, sets oi maborany extending frame dining tables, chim- eyan piergaes. Brussels and otter an-pets, tenders and bons. mahogany andu Japanned four-post, Trench, andl Asabian bedsteads, excellent bedding, wardrobes, chests of drawora wasbeatnds with chabe furiture, blshen oreq,c5lsltlebe,and meffeDcts.z Sty e viewed, Qute Clok 000D olunces of Plate ansI Pla:ed Articles, and rare Bntomologim olcin R1tH. THOMAS FOX is instructed to SELL by £ AUCTION, at the Roonsm. 21, Old Bond-street, on Thursday, Novembet 12, at 12, a LIBRARY of I 0`0 vole oto BOOKS, comprising the works of Bsron, Scntt, bbakespeare. Sterne, Hums, Smollett, Piskerton, Cowper, Cooper, James, &r., c0o ounues of niodern plate. plated articles, valiuable clock, microscope, proof engravinga after Pmout. Eastlake, and Hasdisg, and en ImportLant entomological colleotion. Catalogties one week prior to tie sale at the rooms; and of Mr. Thomas Fox, auetloueer and house agent, 93. Bishopsgate witbin. T~ho~rton-h-_~be,Croyoon. MESSRS. BLAKE will SELL by AUCTION, at iL Garraway's Coffee-house, Change-alley, C3ornhill, on Tueasay October 27, at 12 o'clock, 33 acres of highly valuable FREEROLD LAND, the greater osrtion of which is park-like meadow, in a picturesque and healthy setuation, harviter an extensive froutage to the high London road, asd being about 1J mile from the West Croydon Railway station o te land will be dividen into 11 lots, affor.ing most eligible sites for the emoction of suburban villa and other residences. Particulars, with plans, may he had, 14 days before the sale, ret the inns in the neighbourhood: at Garraway"' -,of Messs. MBlake and Snow, soUcitora, 22. College-hill, Cannon street, London- and of Mfessrs. Blake. Croydon. To Printera, Printers' Brokers, and others.-Removed from A2 Lower Thames-treet, for convpnIence of sale. MR. R. KEYSELL will SELL by AUCTION, at .f,the ROooms, 13, High Holbore. on Tuesday, October 27, at 12, the CONTENTS of a PRiNTING.OPPIfUB; comprisin upwards of twotinnsof tyrefromesight-line to nonpareil,wood lotternyounte, tmespoing surfaces, frames, s-asks, chiases supornroyal Albion Preom by Wokno,15, crOwn press, cylinider Inking tables, capital standing press, glaned boards, do. Catalogues, with printed specimensofthe type, may, be hadi of Mr. It. Keyseill 37, Ludgate-hill. Standard Roses, Orauge Trees, Dntoh Biabs, dc. MR HASLAM Will SELL, as above, 4tt the Auction LY, Martt, every Tnaday and Thursdary til the end of November.- EOpping. Oct. 23. Mortgage Deb. Of £100, amply secured upon Freehold Property bearing 1'i,,~ESRS, tiaterest at £5 per cent. M, ESCSRS. ABIRAHAMS and Co. will SELL by AVO^ T 0N, atGarraway's, Change-alley. Cormhill. on Wedne, day. October28. ati Drecisely, a 11ORTGAtSE DEBT of £160. rar- !lnaso ItA, Daniel, Esq., solicitor, 11, Adam-street, AePhi; and of tbe auctioneers, 51, Mortim er-street, Cav endish-aqus-,W. Large and valuable Stock of Looldug-glasoe, to be sold by order ot the ,, hT~~~anutacturer. 1JESSRS. JONES an,d BONHAM will SELL by AUCTION,onWeduesday evening. Octobr2g. oommenciug at0 6precteely, a large and handsome assortment of LOOKINGGLAS3SES, cheval and dresslng ditto, girandoles, console clasees ansl tables, aud a variety ot property appertaining to a manufacturer ot looking-glaszes; among them will be found sizes varlyng fo f. S0 ucheabtr69.70byS50,60bv43, 56 by 44, 50 by 40, 40by:0, and adoany others, the whole handeomely framed In gUit andl rarod frames. of the mosttasteful and elegant patterns; alo a quantity of large tDvered plates without frames, suitable for shops, panels, do., and a rvaietv of otheruproperty. Maybe viewed on Tuesday and Wednesds,5- nnntuitime or sale, and catalogues hqa,-A.uetlo rooms, lzelret1cr-qtlet, and *'o2 Bullde, fbpeualators. ManufArs, and B.old Property in tbs contr of Ide tow Od bertAb1e^Bofab MBSSRS. PAGE and CAMERON will 11ELL by M "UOTION, at the Sareac'rs Head Ion, DunstaLble, on Wednesday. 0elber 28 at3 for 4, in one lot, by dirwuonofhw eed for Wae u one teeid Wi o the late Mr . Willism Qaeneborungb, of 710utead a extemely desirable PREEHoLD E3TA-TE ied-tax redeemed, eltuat In tbeacentre of th.E ghI14 te,Dua8&betadl,aj eI ledr by Miss Qsnborongb, deceaeed, oo0alitiOg Of a oonvenlnt dwerf :g-house with dtabling coach-haouse, and oherl out-b11dinge well supplied with g-oc wate togthe wth a Iductlve garden valuale madowadjonl.'sg, tile whOle OOnt.fAinRn nearly five acres, unit pandssessng and iportant fr^ue Of170 feet tothe street. Poessindo To Aale mybardebIne, B1 aylderosr andthe oal atthenb-Ilnal Hed2 Nadovmero 4 and oreo.agents and lmerot., 64, Old iroa.street, ay. St.AnlaonsegMrdere.n ing purket o fardees budlder, anmedow onterLTingabou oe and, and 2 a smallEar PEAGE adll SELL o O f Mr. SuIsol by FRE D PET ND RontaInIng abwntei S Laces Paetiuarsand Ueheawth sead,en ctae nd aarene,e wholLmbe sitatell( Caldecote on the Great NaFgorth roa;d, two miloes ro Bi<'gglea alo 1be Cot trage,I Lanaford-etreEstat, In the town of valge etwade Particulairsan duoneofsalemaybe hEd attheCrownInn. Blggleewad, of Messrs. ThMULLEon Debenharn, Sand brywn, oliJCto %M5t. Alban's, e Garzav. s, ou teot Octdber Pat .i tTiWlbramr)a orontt,undr, Hig-street, efr ado ess Pag and Camero n ladagnsansuvyo, 6 t 4, Oald Brsoad-street, ondn,adst ESSRS. PAGE and CAMERON WS:L BELL by tbereCfn, N, at the White Hart Inn, Btomfoed, on Thuromda, November 5, at 2 for 3. In suitable loat, abott 300 very fine OATIbrER, TREES, Of good qualty and laMrge dImeneis, zoSlS con1 venlent forremnoval, clste to aood roads, on Haiault Foret an Poxburrow's Farms about three miles distint either from the Bfeed or the bomford Stattionson ths Eastern Conaties Railway, and 16 mile from London. CredIkt wilbe given. saubject to the uual conditions. Eah tree wil be maked with the number ot its lot In white paint, and may be viewed by applyIng to M.r. David Grete. HIn-ault Forest Faem, of whom castlogues can be had 14 days tor to the sae. Catalogues can also bse had at the WIte Hart Inn, Remford; the Swan Inn, f! at the Other amunu Inns In the neIghbourhood- and omf Mess Pae and Cameron, land agents and sourveyrs, Old sing d-4rteet, Iondon, and rs. Alhan's, Herts. eRtt ort hie -mearWi;at'rlyery deirab a rold Fanlyeer deuce, and 14 acres of Laud, woih dorsession. B -ESSPrS. PAGE and CAMER0n N are instructed by t Telropetor to SLELLby AUOtlION at the aBlrt, ondon.r on Friday, Nov. , at 12, WOODSMse LODGe the residthe Wt ford Stat On on the London and No th-Westent Railwa syonu trWthe rotd to St. Alban, comDrisin a genteel, modsen. and most substantially. beit house, containirne eiglt bed rooms, bath room. well-proportioned dnting, drawing, and breakfast rooms. capital entrance halln, god ftabling, oaoh-housE, and vrious out-office, al in excellent repair and condition (having beein built witin bt yerm, for the owners oon. patioT), and arranged and fitted up with every attentlonx to convenIeces and coomfort; well supplled with good water. std sutable for thb7Immediateoccupatilonof a faml of respectabiWty. Together with an enosed stable yard, lawn, shmlberes, kIchben garden, orcha, , o.. and 14 acres of parx-likepastorsg uthtun Tbroh which is a carriagedrive to the house. The rei dEnoe is deightfl situate, on an emi nence, the soil gravel, ommanding extenive and beautih u views of thee round cof BuntrtypIn-e a healthy andholexceptionable neighbour- rehood, clue e cDhurch and Fosorfcrer wi3thf aree depliey tohfr lThers. Lponrd Iar' nd Leord oronde' hounds. ihunt the contryma, and sciome ofrthon-obeTent, mets arcosohies at h land May be viewed n n. x cuepted,anlhd particrs, adconditimonsFy o nd s eale wthpans hafds of oh Sedgt.wck Req., solistr iuatrueed bya the Mart:adoprMessrs Pae an Camro, thod Saget Tavnd surveyo grs,e6, old TBrod-stee, and St. 2,e nsalngtondparic-terrae, LadtbrOke-squars.T NtEettlng- - legaut Moder Household Furnitre and rffeett-AbsoluteaudperemDtory Sale, R RJ.PETER BROAD will SELL byAUCTION £s on the Premises, on Wednemake, October 28, asll o'lock, the superior FURNITURE, comprising mahogany four-post and other bedrteads, goose feather beds, horse hair and Other mattresses, clean bedding, and the usua lchamober reunstlie rusels and other crpets, mahogany winged wardrobes, marble-top wash-stands, 61causes,ch carved oca-lcetfonler,and a drawing room sattehi greUtIDeLht velvet, chimney glasss, clocks, double-barrel gutn byJakson, guitar, china, gles,kitchenutnisusl, and numerone effects. VMaybe viewedprivately on onday. 26tho by ticket. obtainable at the olices, 28. P oltry; publicly the day prior and morning of sale. Cataogues on the premiBes, And of the anc tteneerl 28, Poultry, B a k e r s B u s rin e s s , d o i u rbng 6 S c s o W e e k r-l , L Ia s o n -s truw t , h lar y le . lIR. PETER BROAD will SELL by AUCTION, So.1 t tae Castle Tavern, Mark-lan, on Monday, N', ovember 2 at 2 for3,a therINTEREST In the benedoll LEASEofthoseencomaunding premises, being 41, Lisson-street, Marylebone, held for the unexptred term of 14 years at the low rental of £40 per unm, together with the Goodwill of the husien , and the Fiatures and Utensi In trade of a balCer doing 16 sacks weekly. May be viewed. Partculars and condti tions of ale may be had on the p.emises; at the Castle Tavern, MarkI-neA or at the auctioneer', omea,et 2, Poultry. (i'tfluths's Ra nts Matfalete Benonldf ey l T14R. MTULL bN wyll SELL by AUCTION, at X Mart, n Fidy,s M 0 ona.te 6t of October,n187,la 12, a newly erected FREEHOLD 9WeLL3NGat 83 s.tuaea above, calle Thomas'so Cottage, and h eld byn for hell at thve yearlron off b Lie ltr. Particulars fro tboherr auc fteationeer, Col;Habou-lae, Cafro JhnDones Rq. 1 TreeKie out,Lombar-te, 1I/~~R. MULLE~V will BELL8by aUt IO ,a fro te ucionerCodnrbeslneCaberwli andHe-ak Ks-ot,Lombard-stet Alexander-rovA Beruon(isey - eoldis wil SLLbyAUCTION, at M C. MULLE wilT EL srwa's, on Ooda,thber26thnofiOvober )GH sb taOntlwewly-erecte gonenisent DWUESLbLrg -HoUS.a 2 Into os eantd, at. Brentsw amoreEtogt,Olbro;39 Ianyear.andbelnNsn1 Inro the abverohad.ePrticlar may ber hadon from theo utoer aolianmeborlne. Carm torwen ando Albno-placer ye-ekssae tulnat Garraway's andfroMr.oh Downes e. soiitro, he King-crt cor.Lomnbard-street. n h utoer od el aC lr& ary-squreet alaso,Pehls Bi!kGarn-raean'. on ondayeOstoer 6.nt1,I eihlosa ac piee o FEEHODBIDA INGa t Que' ItLAD with The ote CondhTuesdaye, Camorberwe17, and o'lbok. e,Hd-asrua r oLe, Greenwch;andtat thesuagfic aes f thDwer,esoidecetor,f ThreeKn-ourt.oh eLombrdstr.eeat. Etaei uro xr. SoualeLadth-sreetoandjGove-street.nin Grtoeenwich. l. ~ The RroMunflLEr t thhoscna wl ntrSELL haby AUC tIO, bat Alt hGaroom y', on 6 ondaby, October 26.dat 12,in ob e 13; ser OVns'h COTT~l aGE.y agnteel reousidene ISouth.strhexet.wih arg golardeng.and fiatebleor andstwosmle Hof e Inain Gorove-street adjinng by1ease-.mrnn hcold,!at agrond rent 1for about 14 yahraea rs om,toarn rAletat b 5d a-m, P.Greesngwich;, the auctonet er. CTahe a--oane, floorwe aondissHydmepartiksqur coret Jo hneDowtues,dEqg, olior,m ,Tr eee forstliud-tobli, &.In he garente VillanResidlenc;es,wihgood Gardens.b,12ana gIjTden M LuEe, wihhetng llaaue h SELL e by A UCTION ateI railGaysrawad's ondmonday. Octdfobr28i tive lrctoinofEIGHTesubstantial well-built convenbiedntgOU bomengNod 4,i5. 6,7,8 0,ea stapl tand I,tbtowrrnswlk zzrc-ent-upon-Tra.bu.lanewhCam fberw rolrthylar only haldfotanbmitnue'swalkfaromalinero opatimduset alplyats ofr Lhou-a do,=e and offrvteyaneor; porchain Me single,dgentel and Sml cmfortabl resdenes,wth,ow andwos oomury advlantagy es,seldmtobmtwih P1i-sartlofhed purchaermsyma rheemai ng e.acu houer by previos arrangement,bTe n toruen abo ith 44yeafrs.a agoudretPr ticlaisabotGamrawak'snof Mr Dnowner slinetor,1 Thrlee.)King-court, Lomar-Treet; and the waucTionern, Coldham-reeboulne TCisaymOberwe an H'e-ak- at1.t,LES(fr 1 er,e *40rn)adGOWL -ByMe TRA EED o ieatab th9e ee' 11 HoNtel, in abore.Ton-unTrenif, pon Tueesdy,rNoviembonern7,at6e'nce bt orbss-,addonai comfLrthatd cmnpdtatresetanaeblae mothbe tesdenceayof .Cewed aobeMrt Johnr eetlu eq.decealseo,situat Swn Burtr ponsEtraeI oofthe paiho uhtioneerup, onret,ampIn-sthecuty Blof tafrd, with te. valuabeLn thmieret Randjoini-ng,l toneatntogPaltoehr a. Hom. Fan. The g-rounwl oorouh honesday October of. entraca 171o 1,a ag udt. y 7f riIngroom,2buldt ing b r31ter cndy bulde'fcat,byd13;rse,ati'mbecall, ruiage'sa pantrty,n all omreouledofhice, with abostl0iertceslofarirng.%Th bef;malsoft evinl.elbyo161te lny achrvedstobedvroom, f bersthpTed froomt Sadrsin. om ?a bookviredtwodo. Thfoetbsacn loo cnsistslofesevent aTtles closet, doueThvern;utbuildings uciomperise oflourst alld stbl, DevoIn thie.gade i ony excellen tthgeenhooro, lOf, by 1 ar~dtnd gnatde uhrse,ywitho bntin apparatus.ob Theiswhole of buildingsh are in toonl repair,Tetlandin wel Trsitesuatedrwthregard o to enuatsodRv railwys,so isuadmrab, dc asaeddo)h.eetono bee mAitou, odr od oter bumlidngea neybnectedrmoue with th reqtat sap' otraide opth tond 1f Bu rt.n-9p. nmoreorThe3whale ofrtherd,problert Isa frdold orasuI,nheritdlace.,FrInutiorercpartiaaeoppn to Mrr. B.Thomasr astponer and tberefyor; an loralto Messt.Rcardeo aned mayllm, asolicitos tbereton-co-Tresng,atwh s ofaricbues p andma b e5see2 - p.i.oeo ue orchad, arble, ham-green, wireladlthPsesis heocuaion.o lARal. CorLKER T is6 h inst erutdby tahellProprdietorti(who lie s inabgou otiembarkingry in anothertline ofbmies l fo rdto SELLuh 2,atb12, thr eeS lIns fro yheMobars, rtonly Btretio a ndteNot GODWIL comfort, and c oumndedatreopebouabya comfortabletradte. tMayrbe viwd,adP.articulrs. ar e hdobtaied;r alksona heSand mtavern, Epplex; otrofteetauctiadLoneeri,otrSutamptheonffireet. Bboorrry .rE.rrart- oalo, Paokuer.-To sirabewood lrsAbsorite Salre-dhenldromandotholers, lAR, LUCK GIBBSwiUl SELL by AUCTION,T onth indi a-roadon Wedneday toveber 26, at 119fO FI2, uatlreqantity fuil Rich-street, Poplar.ner 10 Bckl,z No. 113, Alder3gawe rtreet,-Re Goteb sor Cobb, shoe manefastoregs, of Rettering, Northamptenshire, ba'skrtti lR. SAML. JOHNSON wil SELL hy AUC- M TION, at bis R2ooms, as aboe. ;onednesda, O atsor 18 a 12, the FIRST PORTIOJN or the extensive anid most super.io, SI'OOH In TRADE of this estate, and some other effects, compriing 15,000 alIre of boots and shoes in prime calf, and pateut Welington and Prince G orge bota. Balmoral shootinz, 81de-spribg and button boot-, naied aukles, watertIlshta, Bluchers aud Oxonlans, also a large assortmeat of womeu's an4 children's goods. miltary accure, a few lots of loather, an eigbt-lay dial. office-table, and other articles. Catalogues may be had of G. J. Crabam, Esq., official assignee, Ceman-street and ot the auctioneer, 193, Alderszate-street. MR. GEORGE KNIGHT respectfully announces to i. his Mfieuds and 0cnexion that hos is nstructea to SELL, at the Mhart, on Tuesday, Oct. 27, at 12 for 1 o'clock tho following WINTh' In bottle, viz., fire old Prtis ot Cookborn's, Otly'z, KopkI, and Sande man's shbpsias, from receutly to six Sears In b Tia; verY tin and superior Sheerr,e pale, goli, and brown, of Mllouslay, Durdou's, Gordon's, Ganzaez and Dutals's, Misa, and MM. cia hora'oshippln4exceeoengly 5ne Champagre, in uarte anci pinte, a smll Dparcot Cognac Brandy, In cases slipped by theChampag&neNbieyardProprietors' Company; a bI, ot tea1t growth Clarsbsi and a few dozens o' lire old IlayWVbiIy. Sarerd p may be hadxl by ent, or tast".e bs morning 01 a,nd during the sale, Catalogues at the Yflrt:* or ot tbe oker. George Knight, 20, C n Hall-ch s To Cbyrnt'te Druggists, Turutture andl *idet Dealiers, and others. 26, at 12 EIA ITTB oldmbgn itns bturo,a fee- piaintings, books, aud prints, ro, On view Catalogues at the rosada t ,u sta Victes, ,aned tree. Superior modern Elousehold Ii'ntitures Gas Cha. dellers, and Effets remaoved frjom the Kent-road. IL- E. THOMNAS -,VWl SELL by AUCTION, at I.1 hisGallery. 35. Loier'eFgre,~ on Monday evening, Oct. 26th, at 6, HOUSEHOLD t3Rl~' uR.Bvr ; cmprislng as drawping room suite of curtains f or two windrs oewo his cuhsInTes his r-orwoort loo.card. and o ,,caoua,l tables, fendere and fire-trons,tapetry Iattern Brussels and o*lne, careete',nahogcny chairs in leather and hair etot. cnche, 5f5~,eas chans,patet dnin tables, pedestal si1de- By Order of t XOr &gee,-B Owr.ad, in4 w hold Inve MR. EDWIN FOX ss inan d to SSL" by AUG. i'ION at the Mat on Wedueday October , aI^ lin iwo Lto A alile LdAEIiOD FrorPl VTYD co "e beck.hullt hourng, adrantageoussly eltuate be1ig o,i4,6A7l street, routh-grove, oEw-road, ner the ot o u london Oemewy, lot at renb. amountig to LOS Per annum, ma!d held for lang tem.at ow FreUD rONt;6 Iday be viewed, and pexiolabahad on the preanltaet:a MSesr. Bllle, Phillips, and B ansister bollalre, I1Z VOle reut?'a-e Bend at Xr. Edwin Fo' offices, B,oean. . Betlinal-geen-road, EDWIN Fo]Xw SELL by AUCTION d the M^rX On Wedneeday October 28 at n, a LEAS'OlIOIr brick-built EOUSE, with Yard aDd Workahop In tle mr, situate an" being N-or1 Warrirplace sorth Inesthenalg.e-rodpelaep ble TN, at it Mentalrt. onlWe erBsnW hut, wotZEt 1elroed le £23 pe r anndm I btld for a tenm of inl yeAsu onexp4 dh at a&ounl S c at a £3 per g unsun. Way be viewed, ad partilculan hd Io Gs_te. J Shatw, E oq. d solici tory, 6, Old Jewt.k at She rt e preml; arid at M.E. id o Fox'l soes, 41, oa.eme-At street. Dank. ~ ~ lena-tret,Bak 1silnatou.-lj'or Occupation or Jn,sainscot,B1 order of E ti Mart th geeo. RlD. EDWIN FOX is5istructed to SELL by AUG. TIONfit the Mat on Wededag Octber 28, at 12nu aNM brick OUBB. t l-utand,Ebelu RO 23tol SomIet-gres arnsbss-crt.road, Iaindtn Nof th annl,.ualdvalue Of. £Fras: eldfOa4 atoertgradrns MWaYb' o ewed,and particalateo mart and at Mr. Edwin Fox's offices 41, Colerama-treott, Bank. Phatu TOORE n Alld~d)-ro and ... Par s.,sy otteo. e4 Stockwtbllx the lslov3Lasme odatn fothtwnfEned- "R, EDWI the Moferinlatrctveeass, g dts FOX ja v intreeted to SELL by AUt hrc.:nilN at t he nudoa tbM on enedayk ofLoen , atl iedneer a HOUSESt o sitwatevandubeing S. o10 EStA-TES Commeecil-road,'eckhadn preducing oentall amEn yo £1hiON, at the per annum; Two bruk.bull tAHoutes ano2 LIttle P6da arstet Tot.nd ienh,andconeuret-ronle and o.s. ernci'Ahonldk, otf a enleman's-ralet a.e wre arsnt to £40 e d amespectI°nely frantofti lon-t ei,lg touse vn% aoraceterchoo hrents May be viwrt d and parti cvi ulaonr ha ono teMemSec~oftt. TGoudden,an Ehw, solicir, , Gaysincon-pla int-fields tterta,nad t. Edwin Fox's offises 1 Colemne-straet,Boank. Wlehnsge.uli Mlril.ex iw mies rottheualwa dithelovea .Valuable Freehold Property, eri , a~Copyhol,d,r anLes. T1,rR. EDI O vfi directbyATdto SELL by AUG. .LT,tTION. at Eithe Mart,n oppositehold8, onIneddaler y, a 2aw l Ott. 28, at12 'clock, i n to lots, O er 27,*t12. sitateIn Pthe rurvaluandadMied vllageeof b W Ret and pariJhot of Edmonton,abl the ounteehol Buiidiree, xpirto oLandf a meug Fonr dwellnHU-huose, wit outbulhed ingse 8,-it .anu oFerIn antprpiert o the Auto at nTerectio ofe a ? geieam' 12l for1,i several} eme houses, ovaubeFchlLandanaltetotio-Ielns,o h COllSie. nea *Dgchofe hw fils cotal63uIngan abud u t Br 2& hrming posidtioc fr aded) cottage brd.Tetwoeentye can-3 be a viewd oaplctiobn to tbme Sll, hofl W6luemee-ii,o whm'articular;nd oosw mat be ohiatened o'Mesre. St, Ta.onydits,Ybn and the, soilctces,o tbe Bincoln'us lan-feto at1the M argt a ndt C.: Edw in F o t' s oB oes. 4 C ole eet w,^ ValIbe rewebold G d ttoldtn psnu, anw theaebor lione inres cf Eastur I to the Back ntap lo of 1c n . R.EDWI FOX isinstruct~ed to SELL by AC .5 tenhelthe Mart, on Wedn3tesd November18, le 22,n arwellsecuoqre3dto FEHOLD (3dR')UD. RENdT of£ predannum, arisinla Outd ofditwolonsi oi. eal r3as sd 1t0lf. G.rbatet F. reenwc Hbuddr, wit. several U a tih bl dig t ne the oar, fri k the p,redent nEt, retlofhich It 3 presmPed ob ab@iout 120pe atnuns. withtmuhe valubl Brihevi,erso thert Fonet-he Epiration of the Crete hea ao.strr eq lict 4A . Dexcot, Teeas eml ano at M. Edwi:nFo' niics. 1 Coeman-distret.c;n rn f hA . EWINFO will SE triby AdCtoOSELL the MJ r itCPOp,eton thy oartCT12, on 12ddthe o ther I t2., nU No.ll, D neaouotbstrelek-h lit cuSatie,on of nhetfagUy of dcated i Tenninge arndsopl;Goupon beeng 8TO E 1d er toiv 0RtiOul8ra 't Trr i Loldouderry-road Cagmberwel 20acrring MeLed',fherD brewryo, letat rt man lifdu tarror 144,Dandne for 00 yeadraueht horoe, at a lo Sterndt rent. Maylbe vinewed andatt onrt had of on eri teosh, alq-ndhoad,sEo. Hoe hiferd 29 P ltry' 4t thev Mart; an ato Mr. Edwin Fox'e *lfse -1d therEsxecutr ix of. l ra nk, tro eov b d1wa p Vn Taluabl Lr,eaeod Pr opeubuitorty , capbleof caveslo laine Shopan. MjR.ED I FOXR w sintucodt SELL by A ofMa,asrt, atu TheuMar, No W.edd. Novme at at 1 TE aOd4,Wlingodtonlaoe, pamleh tresectab tonte, al Irental amunting tod £11 paery anum otesut. capy hbe of rodutcIn graty Iefocrsedrbe ale caronverb3diont- tehos Heuldr for Otbearinnapind ato thebb year,e ;cnd reunt d.ent an of pen Me riee2, andperil- wick-square; at the~ art; and at Mr. _dwin Fox's offices, 41, Cole. mlnsiyritilx ireFrn. Beknnbamdd decased. n JR. OMOORE wilu SELL by AUCTION at the onMart,on Thurdsdy, Nor. 12, at 12,n the remisebs,hOe1r No.t7. Devonport-eeIn rogcu1tIon Jofe-tD the mily ionf laese. Torus50 yers, Gound out £. Desripti e nariculars f T. W Eatrom , R20 , t ou401 tors Dean Tbo ole-hlo Wh ite ose -r eet , S ateneyD E,; at the Mart; and at the auctioneer'soiss iecdra, ofx. dtroc l andor s . a tlsantiod o uses and Shops,hroer oe thea Executri ofl hegie. Jamunges maych dhete'd, in two iotase 1 MOR. will SELL by AUCTION, at tIOe HonSS ien EassOt-plaer2, Chap2l-sredetSlyr weil; lt at £3s oterml 43 y ars. ron e r:.ent £ TwoLeasehold ousesand Shps,i'nHorSn sea-roteet Holel at £83; tem an years oandOhurcht- c.ree)lest atbell6s,h an d Bann ister, s io b2, Cem entelene. EODJ.; at the Mart ando atnth nutornser offiscer. Miioa'egudr oney b Near,6,ItJnlp tey l SIlto u. Lea reod prdta ug .i threelts, le or lneatmn,-i f reoftr xctrofM.Jh Ford, decased,loatX8 .utB. MoOO REfi willSEL by AUCTION t t . erts.o S Nlr. OD the erziss Auctionn zS n -iitober t, on Nemb1, Octoert27e atn lthreIZ ace fo,r andbonekletoerafrl. eoin 1e tew rne-t roett aMcwit'iane. fi lt at £11os, term 2he yars. groud rnito, £2 t at ilwriioubr 3itailbuh, FornP rentmianT a. p-y toolrca Houe, 3 and 4, Biaruoy-pate, rk- reoa ad, M l etddleserm-B Ieg n re £s. treritetotb Mile-end-road.OctFb, -astUend loftunsnofValul Freold, Cuihldirg and,Laneod Pr' opetyuroducing ut wlbasdcsofmi-d ertanndaum. g,ittig robe ord Zdledlntetow ndeof.EndAldisdfor invetminutl,byOrdir of the Abuinch AndraUworesoftir. Thus. ccuier, deceachhused.Bafrerala tick art bewe odoThu and EbtNold.1w. a hho ERE FhtEEI mieLs inU Hrayhsrt letan at zAlle nin renewsi 1 ehrs.For partli-ouland Church-o Mr.tJ, Gloetrt14 Chasevsie. n leshldstth (ldrad,elet batletor to Mt W.usy h,sdc ltennher.ea14w, lornest aet,£0 B. C. phl Bok stree,lta £168 a Fareeholod, 11. rotlrse, e at E18 aV aLease- hoE, 0, tehutret luctifonMrtwhol Testerm, a Othbree7Leat 12hordsern tbree lt,%lto es o voetr,a 0 2. tLaeod co HseIs-Te,et Atc£10 ovand uabl Freehold atBakndse, letoat £t0 s Descioiv patw icularsof Tins,ure landtsud solieiof r,bDeandCot3t Haerouse,Whituae hborstreei Sthepr B if. at Stae Sd.Roeband at th asued Herth -By fire miuW al o tHITBiNkhAMirat- the Sautionon VAN LUtABLoFrveiobldrehl Buiding Land, and bu Foureerubetauo atle uitreLi-nd. leto the tHonee1S,ithglardn's.a frtaeon thandHac.itnaird-on-.ado the ne_Nvetwrad, landwinfrmthifve Lorndon-roalk tof theBR,tiernet Statindonthe Grendeotemed Haltclway. For pardtlrolas osaple ny toMr hill bufldr. G. rnF t at th'nUerailway Hotl.bar-etSitin at the innso sl .ad r iNVthE.ulghittsshcotn; at theplc ofticsal of-toe Mritish LadCopn Whititighdm, 14, sgoorgatremtreLndo, Lodo.C RC EIfield, hpallddrlektselBeMr. t.h. Foroa-lT-GriASt, t the Auninsvyo. Maorit, or tou8 yAU TO, on Tuesd ay, October 27, i 15 F2 oUclck louts ofremisesble Fri~eqehcol tn cmeld Buldogad,and Fnlnou ubtuilybrroailt) 5WDOSemiCdeanhd ProusE BwieB gadns,adijoiningothe towno Enf-ield, 2nd withdingare mmuk'b'aralg srm theachurc s-iL nd ballwo.statlninTe ctuolerno ach edruhouseholds a.frebesralwa ticket bquetwenhLndnarnd Ba) elorwhcrinchatheoEseterCsnthes Roil.e I imearACoepaes ph-aiferto renewl4 fart1Drneswe,,For sartiulr apply 'wo W. K lsitiorhm, 1, Mooeatestret, Bc.a8 at, urt Buekhxst-bll, rearwodfor, Itwex.-u Mr.iar. posIits, 0 s. HAM,itttheAucton art on uesay,Octoer , t 12 aybfore1 i three lois, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ th nigbor TXhENayeresaroF alu.Bleckenhomd Lan, ontt R.lu o twoI ies o pastrurte lnndt S nELof cble AUlTINd- riodeeTedrF aytOateobetween sthe Bacldfcd,Sta the oniebuck0 loans, oed wThin prive minutes' wLalkdo the llADckHArYtinstation. on dtheiou,chod iHllway, Parst~ticula ydalrs and condiin fsulmabershad: usual red WittwUb ivnbm. (at teguleso thy e bsd oh Land rompey, 1a.tortteetreete, BaC.: hat theI lace of ale; of Ms7 rm. ie CroyodfIrdnan atoRmig;ado the Inns IneetheUrerlSbboultaosan Rt. Abns REDWNts MrHIT,EB wHTi SHAM ci AUTheGOrN Inn,wSt.Aba',ont Tuseod~aty ro'overbc 37, Bittsfores0 tn thee eirento, ITLA BLEdaak.cina marbleltold Bidn Land, aAE Gnd abou = 1 Threlegameto Fairen Laesand, lv tote stons-n of t.aumberno'x e marblo te Hal tfield-od,randerhpieow-roast leadfine c from~s the LonDon-row toeda theorHatfed-raoad,nLndtfax rhedemd caaloieslmarsb ndouIniso calekrunt be - as Nof Musr. F Ax,r,ad 3houer,St A R.n:a thEOpano aOBISONa-isM. V i . Whiiunted j th t theig Mueseofts Brtio SEL, r lndeni.a Copay Liiodi.o Ta,oorgaute-siret, Olctmouber-at 12tbFRNIcTUe RE narnthePFoEsT-ilStation of theugroydh -int, dropriet ortoSL byna cia, tCT.o, a ~oncTannt-td,October 27.(a 12 'clvc. on ooo the ub'aronnlees coryequnce oftbing ctepll,d to dis-bab miik.band harr tows;aninetstronn actie dr-oauiht ho-,rte,aiuzct hem ofuoa,eash ofiawr, enut.lje,e and poplarb trewes. the dnix peels,r2 sand ofc.ordwoodue badsako. rm pln e' a, 0Io ulc Notting-bill.---Sal-dotached Villa for ilovestmeno or ome-patioms over looting and having acces to loanjf ni p3a%sur.-enasads. 1R. SWAIN will SELI by AUCTION, t the IMJMart,ln November, unl_e p-vlously iearoaud ot by privtto r th lfon LEASEHOLD VInLL,derubly &ituate, and. beig 3 Lastiwueroa, Knnlete.pak. eld. roe an un'expired terem of85yeatrs bon tl. a ceot sa gro t-rnt,andof the annual siluoe of t8 per narbme pDVa' be foiewed, costparvtioere. or th o ouRtions ot vale, had n the prmis: of -l Bsdse. 1?eq.. rmlis-tors3,vtO YLion- sqarae.e W a. ;at theMart ; a,nd at the auctioneer tor iode,Notrlng City Auction Booms, 9, Grecuc h-beot E.0, -larhle Ctliiu'y - plece, and rOD renaining Feoolk of the L)oadon a:d CoviDtebtal Mfarble ompanrD reinqulash&tg buslusee.I J{R EOHN SON a-tTehe ccve Instructions to SELL tJ b.y AUOON. at lbo City Aunctio byoion te a abrovem ln the large room on the firet floor, et Friday. Oct. 30, at 12 (tie stock hafrvng been removed for conrenle sce of eiSel, the vauable COLLECTIoN of MARBLES. in Roncs. 7.Gioaue. K Anne's, Filorritirs, Nhroteac, feesse, bluehs blall. uother choici ge rlng.and rare varieties. somprieug himey-pece ~ rea boastyandeleance of doatgns, circular chefouer.cudconolet~ds, ashstad, ndhill table toSs, alsout quor feet of marble pa'g forall conservatory, or obuse b tloors, and filaed varios marble si a shelves, n Sc Toa ho viewe two dasr previously. andu catalogus hd copper vrooms, and 1 atthel o eiron of o hl oUuo rauy, h Crooed-laone, Lo. don-bridge. 'Approned bile aht wo months will be To llorew.a Pliant Brokers, and others. A R . HOP,NCASTLE h%s received instructions to Mf coffa r for S. LE by AUCrioN on the Premises neptune Brewery, Broe -street, Rsatlffe, on londay Oct ur61 at forl Precirely. n one jot, the whole Of the uearir 'ew, 5A modem fired P'LANT and .IIACIIINFRy, contaIninig all the latel tmuprovements, as it n3ow Staainudo comvrlsing a very guperlor cix-herce hishi-proisusro stleem englr u, ;with all the shafting, gearig, and roenexious, with liquor and t wo feedi pumps, 16-horse holler. as et Iu brick work, witha all the sIos Aing, fittings. connecltioR ripes &5. ; at1-qmmarter mashi tun fitled with0 meshinig machine, a72-barrel oak boiling haick with casthson Plat. is and copper worm, a 170-barrl cast-Iro cold liquor back with ier sioe piurss So. ,a 42-barel cast-iron bot Ilion-back and corse worm, 'A 40-barrel east- iron cooler, a ml rnhtlqo nkvsig bark 5 oad connecting pIPes Fteaabine machine a-nd pIpes, wort pump, euctirri and grnting, five fir working squares excellent malt miUll Jacon' ladder, hoppers. und malt Cave, smsall Iron jib with crab, chain. and can hooks, togeth.erwith allthe eas fittinFgson ihePremises, And. In the overt ci these not being a purchaser It will Immediately be sold. In lotc without any reserve, Cat&logsses and cards to view to be~ had tw days prior to the vale, of R. Bastard. Halq.. solicitor, 8, Rood-lane Ec ; of lIees&. Preston and Webb, sDIOlctOrs 9, Carey-atreet.Urole's-Inn, W.O. ; and at the Offce Ot thle auttloupsc, 2l01, HII~l.tWt,tt Fopular,
