DEATHS. Killed, in tho outbreak at Sulltaxpour, near Luckn Ow de uPsO the 9th June Ilet, aged 28. Adam. lenzy U. Biock. Enq.. ELZC.O, Deput ommtslone and lvi Mgo,rrtsio htdistriot,and youngest eon ot 8. at. Bloer. Boq., of G ,enhil.near Baet, Herts. UPon tative report, ht I eldat4ed,thSt afte,r the mguder of Col. FLeber and Cap. Gbbugeho ad akn slug I th hoseof Anseen Biter. w,th his stut. r. ltroy~n,fromWelc thy wee enooq etyeXpelled. lie placedtts Mir. Stroyan onhrisown nfD'coro.t andsoeht onqeof the llepy3 who attee pted tOpillo prDeivebtnvt utte frotm Orlae3tug triver, itowhiehhe At Cawopore. In Juno last sultpposed to have periabed in the genersi masaecrs). Major (e^orge Larki s, BStgal Artilery; also Bmoms Elwent, 'wife of the above,Wittib tbrir three chttdrsn, Jeisie Dougla6, Augusta 7Intrly, and GeOnrgo Douglas Leatook. On the 2-itt May, at New Plymroatb. New ZeIland. Charles Heot ley. BEq., youngoet, son ot hte late Riobard Motley, Esq., of AIda I'iS*o, London, Ihis Ml .d pear. On the 16th Jun's. at Erenwood, near ALurtaklnd, Now Zealand, Mary Jniha, wifveof Major It. Cary Ossnard, late 41s1 Begt. On the 8th July last. nt S3outh Yarra, Sydleuyh harlea Jenkins, Eeq, o.f les Ueslaetya Gold.olilee, Meolbourne, Victoria, aged 22. On the 20th inst., at Nianhy. nes,r Louth. Llncolnsblre, FAllzpboth ndit, the beioved wife of W. Blauthweyt, alft ., M.D., and third daughter of NWila, TPele Welfi;t, Bee., of Manby BEali, aged 40. On the 21ut inst., at Lee, Kent, Mmrs JAbhez Bayley. In the c2d year of hlen age. On tho 22a inst ,at his resIdenoe, the Canons, Ml[tehano, Suoxy, aged 859 Anhny(uthbert Colllg wod Denny, Zsq., Lieut. R.N., eldoot eon OF ith lio Authoup Denny. &q..of liarh*am Wood, lierts, mnd &randeson of Cathbert, LodCllia..-wd. On the 24th inst., at iydoey-torraco, Reading, aged 86, liZ beth, becond daughter ot tht late Jobt, Weatherny, Hiaq. On Friday. tho 25th inst., at Lanoing, Obarlez Stewart Sweeny, Frq., MiD., agee 48. On the 25th inet., at Ryde, ata g6et ace, deeply regretted by her! anilbiy, Ex 3ex 1.1 Vane8, relist Of the late Wm.,n w te Vane, Eeq., of Canuield. fEssex, atod fornuosly of tho ijoldetream. Gunards. On FrIday, the 25th Inst., at Riznmond, aged 72, Generni " ir George 3H. i. thley, R.G.B., (Coloutel of the 35th Regt., and M.P. for Devooport In the laut Parliament. On the 26th Inst., at Youngsbury, Herts, in the 85th year of her age. XAdy Giles Puller. On fatdaid3y, the S6th Inst., at No. 2, Queen'sgroad, Dalston Franoes lileu ohaw, aged 22. the only daughter of the late Mr. Tnoo mae Bensley Snawv, late of the Waggou and liorees, Uertford-road, Kingsland. On the eveolog ot tho 26th Itit., at the early age ot 27, sudden:y after a short AlIneik, Btadly, the beloved aud deepl?-lamouted wf of Hern,y & .wab, ol tbQ., of London. an youugeost daughter ef J.s,uee Southern FBoq., Of the t'rlory, Aigburtb, neam Liverpool. Oxn tho 2.7th inst., at the realdence ot her dater, lolly Grove-houie, Hounslow, MRity Anin Mobrley, tileo of Baling. On Sunday, the 27th int., aelen barIa, eldest daughter of the Bev. WWliam Burnett, Rector ot rang mere, Suseer, aged 10 years. On Sunday. tho 27-h inst at 5, ?vtaenterrsaoe Worthing, Maria wio fte2R.- T. J. J. Bale,. Di., late Chaplain of the Bi3xtUbh Ebnasasy, 1-arls. On Sunday, the 27th inst., at Coventry, Cleophas R;atlif, Eeq., aged 61. On the 26th inet., At York. George Home, Boo., SInff Surgeon, eldest bon of the lato John Homae, Boo., W. S., EIAnbough. On the 23th inst., at Dartford, Bent, Mrs. CoDland, aed 7L on Monday. the 28th lnot., at 10. St. ae'-ls. Hatebam, ot Llcerated nore throat, William Lierborkt loungest i;otno Goo. Scoot Xeys, aged 6 yerar. On the 23th Inst., at Ashbrook, Godalning, ?ar. Rd. Stedman agedi 25. On the 23th Inst., In tUpper Brook-etreet, Henry Manning, I3q.. agedl 51, on the 26th loot., at 15, Gloceater-treot PimllcOD In the 50th year Of her age, ary Ann. widow of te late J. F. A.Ineo, ile;s. On the 26th lemt., at 28. Clifton.-road. St. Job,n'g.woodi, after a long and Painful 1line,s. Carolne, the beloved vwife of Mr. T. IL Elmer, ot 3Btrnoss-stroet. 0xford-strct. On the 28th list. nuddenly, of disease of 1he heart, Mr. James Cow. desroy, of No. 1, '7ewcetle-place, Edgwaxesroad, in the 67th year of his age. On the 27th inst.. bMr. John Barr, of the Ngees Head Inn, Boough. = =Outhwark, aged 5.
SECOND EDITION, THE TIMES-OFFICB, Wednesday Morning. THE MUTINIES IN INDIA. By the arrival of the Overland Mail we have received our private correspondence and files of papers from Bombay to the 31st of August. The following is the letter of our special correspondent at BPombay:- " BOMBAY, Auou-sr 3L " My letter of the 15th of this month brought down the narrative of the siege of Delhi to the 27th of July, when four successive days of quiet had followed the latest engagement with the enemy, that of the 23d. For three days more, making in allthe unprecedented numuberof seven-that is to say, up to the evening of the 30th-our pickets remained unmolested, and an occasional shot from the bastions alone testified to the presence of the enemy. Friday, the 31st, was the anniversary of the Mussulman festival called the " Buckree Eed," and it was reasonably anticipated in camp that on that daythe long silence of themutineers would be broken. It was true that our spies from that city had at one time reported the existence of an ill-feeling between the Ilindoo and Mahomedan Sepoys, -which tended towards a refusal by the former to join in the celebration of a feast-day of the latter. But later and more correct intelligence represented that the jealousies of the Hindoos had been allayed by the watchful care and unsparing promises of the King of Delhi and his principal Mussulman advisers, and that for the present at least no want of unanimity was to be looked for in the proceedings of the rival races. On the morning, then, of the 31st it gave little surprise to see the enemy,issuing from the city in force. One large body, coming out of the Cashmere-gate, moved rapidly to the right to avoid the fire of our lef t battery at Hindoo Rao's house, and maintained throughout the day a desultory fire at long range upon our left pickets at Metealfehouse, and upon the centre batterv. At the same time a powerful force of all arms moved out by the Ajmere-gate, and took the road to Rhotuk, in our right rear, as far as Bussy, or. the canal, where they made an attempt, rendered abortive by a rise of the water, to replace the bridge at that point which -re had blown up. The fire from the walls was hot and well-sustained throughout the day, especially from the Moree bastion, at the north-western angle of the city, whichimounted 24-pounders. Towards evening the party from the canal returned, and a general attack upon our advanced posts commenced, which lasted all that night, all the day and night of the 1st, and well into the morning of the 2d. Never before bad the enemy displayed eo great an amount of determination as in this prolonged engagement. Covered by the fire of several field pieces, and animating each other with loud cries of ' Cltalo bhai' (' On, brother'), they came nearer to our breastworks than they had even done before, though their courage failed them for the final rush. Our men were kept well under cover, and with slight loss to themselves inflicted heavy punishment upon the enemy. When about nooni on the 2d the rebels at length drew off and the firing ceased, their dead and wounded lay in heaps before our works, and long strings of carts were employed si the rent of tho day in removing them to the city. On our side fell Captain Trvers, of the Punjab Rifles, an officer of note in the warfare with the tribes of the Affghan border, and nine men. 36 of all ranks were wounded. On the day following that of their bloody repulse, the 3d, the enemy, dull and dispirited, their enthusiasm, due mainly to potent physical stimnulants, chilled and dead, never fired a shot. So on the 4th and 5th. On the 6th they exhibited a little renewed vitality. Their attack on the pickets was but feeble, and the party that made it soon returned to the city, but the fire from their artillery lasted some hours, and cost the life of an officer, Lieutenant Brown, of the 33d Native Infantry, attached to the Eumaon Battalion. Their principal and most annoying discharges came from a battery of heavy guns, which they had jtust erected in a portion of the suburbs, and which is now know as the Kiahnagunge battery. It is in advance, and to the left of the Moree bastion, which we have greatly damaged, and being slkilfully pla-ed, in a manner enfilades our right battery at Hindoo Rao's house and the batteries on the ridge generally. It was at first so troublesome that on the 8th Brigadier Wilson had almost determined to attack it with the bayonet, but eventually abandoned an idea the carrying out of which would have lost hiin many men, and bringing numerous glDns to bear upon the obnoxious point, succeeded in reducing the fire. For the next two or three days there were desultory skirmishes. On the 10th the enemy opened another new battery outside the walls; this time in front of our left, bearing upon Aletcalfe-house and the picket stationed at that point. The fire from these gusns proving troublesome, it was resolved to take them, and a force under Brigadier Showers did so on the morning of the 12th, with slight loss. Three officers were wounded-one Lieutenant Sherriff, of the 2d Fusilcera, mortally. The captured pieces were one 24-pound howitzer and two 9 and one 6-pounder guns. This, at present, is the latest news that has reached Bombay from the camp. " The strcngth of the army before Delhi on the 21 st of July is given in a little paper prinited at Roorkee for private circulation, and called the Roorkcce Garrison G- s;ttc, as 6,200 effectives and 1,060 sick and wvounded. There had been sent away 3410 sick and vwounded. In the 23 actions that had been fought up to that date there had been killed 22 officers and 296 men, and wvounded 72 officers and 990 men. To the numbers shown as effective by this statement, which I apprehend to be accurate, waou.ld be added by the 20th of this month of August, at latest, about 5,000 men. I know that it was the expressed hope and belief of the Chief Commaissioner of the Punjab, that at the date I have given, the Brigadier in comramand before Delhi could muster 11,000 men. The Eumaon Battalion, with a large convoy, reached the camp on the 1st. Brigadier Nicholson arrived on the 8th, having pushed or. in advance of his column, which was expected about the 13th, and which consisted of the 52d Light Infantry, the remaining wing of the 61st, Bourchier's field-battery, a wing of the 6th Punjab Regiment, and some Mooltanee horse and foot, the whole escorting a powerful siege train from Ferozepore, which included several 10-inch rdortars and howitzers. The remaining wing of the 8th Foot, three companies of the 24th, with three horse artillery guns of Captain Paton's troop from Peshawur, and the 2d and 4th Punjab Infantry and the other wing of the 6th, complete the present tale of the reinforcements supplied by Sir John Lawrence. It is thought very probable here that, with his hands thus strengthened, General Wilson would make prepaations for a speedy assault, and many are sanguine enough to hope that in a very few days wa, shalU hear that the place is at last in our possession. 1f all that we hear be true, the muti3.eer,temjelves were of opinion that the atts_k w. ald:aoiu3anch ]onger be delayed. The King of Delhi is said to have sent away his zenana to Rohtuk,or, according to anotber account, to Iutub, on the road to Muttra. One report asserts that this latPer station will be the next resort of the insurgents, and that they are fortifying it, or the approaches to it, in advance. But this X do not credit, and rather anticipate that the flight of such of the rebels who survive the fall of the place will be across, rather than down the bank of the Jumna. Eitber course is perfectly open to them, sO far as our Dower to intercept them is concerned; but I imagine that they would most natu,rally make for Rohilcund and Oude, and, unfortunately, the bridge of boats is still in exitence for their passage across the river. An attempt recently made by us to destroy this means of communication between the city and the further bank of the Jumna was unsuccessfuL " In the immediate neighbourhood of Delhi tbings are looking well. The district of Hissar is becoming tranquillized. Among other prisoners had been apprehended the supposed murderer of Mrs. Wedderburn, for whom, as I mentioned in my last, the authorities were on the look-out. He was sent in to Hissar for examination, and has no doubt ere this been executed. Near Meerut a detachment of the 60th Carabineers and volunteers routed and slew a marauding leader named Sak Mull, and afterwards de%troyed a village whose inhabitants had been engaged in an attack upon a Government post. At the date of the last accounts they were still in the field, doing good service towards the restoration of order. Agra, when last we heard from it, was safe and unmolested, awaiting the upward march of Grant and Havelock. It is doomed, I fear, to wait long and anxiously. Sir Patrickc, indeed, has returned to Madras, to resume his command of the army of that presidency now that Sir Cohn Campbell has arrived, but circumstances of a most intoward nature have occurred to interfere with and delay the advance of General Havelock. lWhen I last wrote that enterprising officer was inOude, as we supposed, where we had last heard of him twice in the same day, defeating large bodies of the enemy, driving them from strong positions, and capturing their guns. We ardently hoped that we should next and very speedily learn that he had been able to reach and to relieve Lucknow. But the strength of his heroic little band had been overtaxed. It was reduced after the last engagement to less than 900 men; it was hampered by ita own wounded and by the stores and guns of the enemy which it bad so gallantly captured; in its front, and covering the object of its hopes and wishes, were bodies of mutineers, mustering, probably, more thousands than it could show of hundreds. It was, doubtless, not without a bitter pang of disappointment that the General, aman as kind as brave, saw himnself necessitated to retreat, and to abandon for tho present the hope of relieving his imprisoned friends. Bat there could be no doubt of the propriety of the measure, and he fell back accordingly to the river. The enemy tookheart,and followedhimup. Then he turned and stood at bay, like Moore at Corunna, struck once again fiercely and decidedly, and, with an addition of two more guns to his numerous trophies, crossed the Ganges at his leisure, and rejoined General Neill in the recovered station of Cawnpore. From the ruins of the cantonrnent, and from houses and places of concealment, the officers under General Neill have recovered a conaiderable amount of property, which they are desirous to make over, where practicable, to the relatives of. its slaughtered owners. Many other memorials have been found of the siege and the massacre, and two or three officers, supposed to have fallen, are said to have already appeared from their hiding-places to tell an appalling tale of horrors witnesocd and aur-vivcd. I mob with, tho other day, but cannot put my hand upon it at this moment, an extract from a journal said to have been picked up in or near the barrack where the European inhabitants took refuge and were besieged. It is scarcely to be read without tears, as in simple language it notes day after day the death of this or that member of the family of the writer-' Annie died; Manima died'-and then abruptly ceases. Are we to have a repetition of these dreadful scenes at Lucknow v God forbid ! Dut we cannot but feel very great anxiety for the safety of this long-beleaguered party. Still, when- last heard of-which I believe, though I am not sure, was as late as the 11ththey were well and hearty. But now, in regard to their -relief, comes in the other most untoward circumstance, or chain of circumstances, to which I alluded above when speaking of the non-arrival of General Ravelock at Agra-I mean the mutiny at Dinapore, which has set all Behar in a blaze, and thus necessarily retards the approach to Cawnpore of reinforcements for operations in Oude and the Doab. But for this unfortunate occurrence-rather let me say,^ but for the gross and culpable mismanagement of General Lloyd, commanding at Dinapore, the 37th, 5th Fusileers, 90th, and 84th might all have been at Cawnpore long ero this. You, no doubt, received all the Dinapore details from Calcutta by last mail; I will, therefore, only remind you that, General Lloyd, with the 10th Foot, part of the 37th, and an European field battery! at his command, allowed the 'th, 8th, arid 40th Native Infantry to leave the station in open mutiny, to cross the river Soane, burning, plundering, and destroying, and to lay siege to Arrab, where were a few European and Sikhs in garrison and a number of refugees. That place, indeed, has since been relieved, and its besiegers scattered, but not before a terrible disaster had befallen a detachment of the 37th and 10th, under the command of Captain Dunbar, of the latter regiment, which, despatched by steamer to relieve it, were landed by night, led by traitorous guides into an ambuscade (a sort of gravel pit, it is called in a letter I have seen), and there half destroyed. The 37th out of three companies lost three officers, Bagnall, Birkett, and Sale, and 61 men killed, and Captain Harrison and 23 men wotunded. The 10th, out of 150 men, lost Captain Dunbar, killed, and had half their number placed hors de combat. Then the 12th Irregular Cavalry at Segowlie, near Goruckpore, broke out, murdered their commandant, Major Holmes, and his wife, and the doctor, and then moved down upon the Ganges, at first apparently for Chupra, a little above Dinapore, but then marched further up, alarming even Benars The 65th Native Infantry, at Ghazeepore, is hardly to be expected to hold out in the midst of so much disaffection. Nearer Calcutta there were, at Berhampore, the 63d Native Infantry and 11th Irregular Cavalry. These, it was thought well, after the specimen of native loyalty at Dinapore, to disarm, and for this purpose the 90th Regiment was halted on its passage up. Everywhere along the river are stations requiring to be guarded-Patna, Dinapore, Ghazeepore, Benares, Mirzapore, Chunargur-now that the province of Behar is disturbed. Chunargur, for instance, is a, place of great strength, a fort perched upon a cliff$ rising sheer from the river, and calculated from its' position to give us great annoyance if surprised and held by an enemy. It was garrisoned merely by a few invalids. These have been reinforced by a half company of the 37th, but more probably are wanted. You may judge then of what grave effects. this ontbreak at Dinapore, this unchecked outbreak, has been productive5 in what serious jeopardy it has placed Lucknow. Moreover, it has endangered not only 'Behar but the neighbouring provinces or divisic,ns of R=mghur and Chota Nagpore, thus threa*.ening and renderio-g insecure the western fro'2tier sf; )enp) We trust that the three other regiments Cf I the China force-82d, 23d, and 93d-will very loon be at Calcutta. Some of the first may, I think, have been picked up by the Shannon from the wreck of the Transit, and be among the 1,700 men who, according to the papers, Lord Elgin and Captain Peel have taken to Calcutta. Probably the greater portion are Marines from the Sanspareil, which I observed reache:: Hongkong four days before the Shannon sailed from that port for Calcutta. Sir James Outram has gone up to Dinapore in supreme command of that and of theI Cawnpore divisions. General Lloyd was summarily removed from his command, and there are strong rumours, and yet stronger hopes, that he may be brgught to a court-martiaL " Leaving Calcutta and its vicinity with a passing mention that it has been foind advisable to disarm even the Governor-General's body-guarl, I return to the Punjab and Sir John Lawrence. The Chief Commissioner is at Lahore. I have written already of what he has done for the army at Delbi in the 'way of reinforcements. He continues bard at work, enlisting and training his new levies. Hie has already nominated the officers for 10 neW Punjab Irregular Infantry corps, to be numbered I from the 7th to the 22d inclusive, and hopesto have, before the year is out, an army of 30,000 men, entirely Sikhs, hill-men, and Punjabee D;ussulmans; not one Hindoo, or Hindostani Mahomedan. His province was, at the latest dates, quite tranquil. *Ve have, however, heard during the fortnight, of one disturbance rapidly and terribly put down. 0n the 30th of July the disarmed 26th Native Infantry mutinied at Lahore, killed their commanding officer, Major Spencer, aud two native officers, and then broke away, and fled up the left bank of the Ravee chased by the police and some of the new levies. At a place 40 miles from Lahore they attempted to cross the river. When the DeputyCollector of Umritseer reached the spot the next afterncon, he found that ' about 150 men had been shot or drowned by the police aided by the villagers; 160 were captured on an island in the river; 35 were counted drowning in trying to get off. Numerous fagitives were brought in from all quarters during the night; 237 were summarily executed yesterday (Aug. 1); 41 died from fatigue, andabout 21 more had been apprehended in neighbouring villages. In round numbers, 500 men are thus accounted for. If to these be added the furlough and sick men, the Bhoo7pore men, the Sikhs, and Punjabees, and some guards who remained, the total strength of the whole regiment is approximately given.' This is from the official bulletin. 29 more of this regiment have since been executed. Retribution swift and severe, but amply merited and most necessary. At such times it iB lenity that is the real crue.ty. "At Mooltan, an outbreak in the part of a regiment under similar circumstauces to the 26th, that is, disarmed, was at one time imminent. The corps is the 69th Native Infantry, which in a letter from Mooltan that lies before me is deseibed as ' eatirely mutinous;' but for the timely appearanne of a regiment of Punjab Infantry on the morning of the 7th of June, there is, I am assured, little doubt, that unarmed: as the men were, a desperate attempt at mutiny and massacre would have been made on that night. It was the Subadar-Major of this regiment who was blowvn away from a gun in presence of the Bombay Fusiliers, as I mentioned in my last. Five or six others of the corps have since been similarly dispozed of. The guns used in these executions were those of a native troop of Horse Artillery, which, in spite of this service, have since, as a prudential measure. been disarmed. But to recur to the case of the aubadar of the 69th. On the trial of this man factso eamoout which are worthy of note. I am assured, on authority which I have every reason to believe correct, and which I know will be so represented in bigh quarters at home, that the mutinous speech to the men for which tho subadar suffered, was reported to the adjutant by a sepoy, and that his story was disregarded by that officer, who, when questioned by Major Chamberlain (I presume it is meant after the story had been t ld to him), denied the existence of disaffection in the regiment. Moreover,when the men, roused bythe address of the subadar, were moving about the bells of arms, and refusing to leave them, the officers at the mess refused to believe a havildar who reported the circumstance to them, and subsequently, at the subadar's trial, when the commanding officer was asked if he knew of the disaffection, he answered ' ot officially.' I need not stay to comment on this reply. Happily, the disaffection, which had a very real existence, was checked by the arrest and execution of the subadar and his abettors, and the tone and the manner of the sepoys of the regiment (a splendid one, by the way, to look at) is described as being far less swaggering and insolent than before. Bat the story I have told,and which, I repeat, I have every reason to be sure is in the main correct, or I would not have told it-is worthy of remark as bearing upon the question of discipline in the Bengal army, and of the relations between the officers and their men, I leave it to you to judge how far it is likely to be a solitary case. "There is nothing else, I thinl-, of importance from the Punjab, if I except a c:ntemplated raid from Pe-hawur into the Eusufzaie country, more as a demonstration of force than to redress any actual wrong. Each of the English regiments there, the 70th, 87th, and 27th, contributes to the httle column, as does also the 21st Native Infantry,wlhich I thought had been disarmed with the rest of the native portion of the brigade. Gholab Singh, ruler of Cashmere, died on the 3d inst., very staunch and true to us to the last. The Sikh troops t!hat he had arranged to send us will still, it appears, be forthcoming. "In the Saugor and Nerbudda territories all is well. The column from Kamptee, joined by three companies of the 28th Madras Native Infantry at the detached station of Nursingpore, has crossed the Nerbudda and reached Jubbulpore. By this time it is, no doubt, at Saugor. Mr. John Peter Grant is appointed Chief Commissioner in these territories. Intheneighbouring native State of Bhopal the troopsr are still hostile to us, spite of the good feeling of the Ranee, and are longing to get across the Nebudda, and attack the Madras station of Hoshungabad, but the full, broad, rapid streani prevents them. Scindia remains neutral; his mutinied contingent, it is said, a unable to march upon Agra, in consequence of the flooded state of the river Chumbul. From Mhow there is news by telegraph. Up to last evening aU was quiet, both there and at Indore; but ' the temper of Holkar's compromised troops is not good.' There is an uneasy feeling prevalent throughout the province of Malwa. We have lost a good friend in the chief of Rutlaum, who is just dead. " Of Rajpnotana I have grievous things to write. Noisseerabad and Neemach have both been a second time defiled by mutiny, and this time not by Bengal Sepoys, but by the troops of this Presidency which replaced them. True it iJ that at each station it was a portion-at the lattera very small portion-of the sepoys or troopers that failed in their duty, and, moreover, that al or the principal offenders were Purdasees, or men from Hindostan; I mean, of course, from EHindostan proper, or 'Upner India. Nevertheless, taking into consideration all that has occurred in the way of disaffection throughout this Presidency, whether in Rajpootana (of which more presently) -r in the Southern Mahratta country, one cannot but see that the discipline aad loyalty of the Brvmbay | army is slowly but aurely giving way ur.der the strong temptation. ieLt-elhi fall pretty qv`,i ey. nd.- we are safe; but let there be a check, or a disaster, there or elsewhere, or even much delay, and I fear we (I speak of course of the Presidency generally, not of Bombay itself) shall see troublous times. Well, to narrate what happened at Nusseerabad and Neemuch. At the former station the 1st Bombay Lancers are quartered, and 2¢0 of the 12th h. I., with a portion of the Queen's 83d, and a half-troop of European horse artillery. On the 10th of this month, a fanatic Mahomedan of the lancers, maddened by ' bhang,' appeared on the lines of his regiment, and by his furious and inilamumatory gestures and addresses excited a considerable commotion which spread through the cautonment, and was represented as due to a mutiny of the regiment. As previously arranged, all tbe infantry were at once ordered out to protect the guns. But only a small nuinber of the detachment of the 12th followed Capt. Holbrow, their commanding officer. It was soon discovered that it was one madman only of the lancers that was at fault, and that he had betaken himself to the 12th lines. Thither the whole force proceeded under Brigadier AIacan. The lancer rode out, and fired at the Brigadier's head, fortunately without effect, and he was himself brought from the saddle by a pistol-shot fired by Lieutenant Swanson, of the Artillery, which inflicted a wound that shortly proved fatal. The recusant 12th, moody and silent, but perfectly quict, were then disarmed after an address by the Bzigadier. The affair is now under investigation. It appears certain that it was not premeditated, but some of the men behaved, I am told, very badly, and will be selected for punishment at once. They are Purdasees. At Neemuch the mutiny seems to have been coniined to the 2nd Light Cavalry, and to about 20 of the corps only, of whom eight have deserted. The 12th detachment at this station, unlike their brethren at Nusseerabad, appear to have behaved quite well. One of the 83d lost his life in the affray, it is said, by a stray shot from a comrade. But we shaU have fuUler particulars ere long. To-day we hear of yet another outbreak near, if not in, Rajpootana, at the Sanatorium of Mount Aboo, near Deesa, in Guzerat. The men of the Joudpore Legion at that place rose on the 21 st, and after firing into the commanding officer's house and the barracks, and plundering the bazaar, were repelled by a volley from the convalescents and invalids of the 83d, and descended the hill. One of their wounded was taken and hanged. The others they carried away in the dense fog. Mrs. Lawrence, wife Gf Colonel George Lawrence, the Agent in Rajpootana, waszstaying on this hill. (EHer letter lies before me, edged with black, mourning for poor Sir Henry.) At her house was posted a guard of the Joudpore men. They left quietly early in the morning, in obedience to one of the servants, who bade them remember by whose favour they had so long eaten the English salt, and do no harm to the family of the Colonel. The mutineers are thought to have gone to join their comrades at Erinpoora. where, however, I believe the authorities are on the look out for them. " In the southern Mahratta country, you will remember, occurred the first instance of open disaffection in a Bombay regiment, in the mntiny of part of the 27th at Rolapore, of which I wrote in my last. Since then the remainder of the regiment at head-quarters, and also the detachment at Rutnagherry, have been disarmled by Colonel Le Grand Jacob, who has gone down to the district with apecial powers. At Dharwar and Belgaum respectively are the 28th and 29th Regiments, raised at the same time with the 27th. Both were undoubtedly wavering, and have probably only been saved from open outbreak by the timely arrival of the 2d Europeans, vho by the excellent arrangemnents of the Government and the naval authorities, were presented at the various stations at a time of year when, as some of the 28th exultingly declared, the coast was closed and no Engpih could be brought downMany executions have taken place of mutinous prisoners at Kolapcre, and at Belgaum of seditious agitators and of one native officer of the 29th. At the latter station all the sentences were ordered by a native court-martial. Here the Mahomedan festival of the Mohurrum is passing, or, as last night was the grand night, I may say has passed off quite quietly. The authorities were on the alert with bayonets and field pieces. WVe are anxious to hear that Hyderabad in the Deccan has been equally free from disturbance. Up to the evening before last (the 29th) the telegraph announced aU quiet. The wing of the 12th Lancers reached the station from Poona about 10 days ago. For Madras, too, where exists in the suburban village of Triplicane a very turbulent Musulman population, we are anxious. But as late as the day before yesterday nothing had occurred to disturb its ordinary tranquillity. I greatly regret, however, to announce a mutiny in a cavalry regiment of that presidency-the 8thwhich, ordered to Madras to embark for service at Calcutta, refused to go. Its horses were taken away and sent to Calcutta; the men were disarmed of their pistols and carbines, but were allowed to retain their swords, and in this condition are now doing dnty at Arcot. One's first impression is that they have got off rather easily. "Eere, in Bombay, we mayconsid'er ourselves safe even should didaffectiou declare itself a.nong the 10th and tlth regiments, of which at present the intelligence, department which has beeu right in its previous warnings, and deserves respect for general suCcess, declares itself Ignorant. At Sattara the to wnspeople have been disarmed. At Poona a similar measure has been once or twice proposed, but as often abandoned, which is singular, if there be danger sufficient to warrant the bringing out loaded six-pounders to the church on Sundays. This has actually been done more than once. " You will have received by last mail the Calcutta petition for the transfer of the Government of this countryto theCrown. Ibave just seen it. I cannotyet say whether it will fiud here the favour which is solicited for it from the mercantile and other bodies, but I, for my own part, think it will not. For a document emanating from men of eminence, I believe, among the merchants and among the lawyers, it is, I think, eminently eak, illogical, and unfair. By a convenient petiUio p2illcipii it assumes-what may be true, but what it does not, as it should, attempt to prove-that the mutinies are the result of an organized and deeplyramified conspiracy, and proceeds to censure the Government for not haviu discovered and provided against the plot. It utterly ignores Lord Canning's sending to China and to England for reinforcements, blames him for declining to accept the proffered service of the militia, then asserts that his policy up to the hour of writing had undergone no change, and yet in the next sentence mentions the enrolment of the volunteer guards and of the yeomanryinveighs against the censorship of the press, which, with a studious half-truth, it says was unnecessary with regard to the English papers, and winds up with a prayer for the immediate introduction of half a dozen radical changes, for the majority of which it has shown no reason whatever. When I add'to these special faults of the petition the general error of its promoters in endeavouring to straiten the hands of Government at such a moment, and in acting thus, as it appears to me, uzipatrioticaly, I have given my reasons for thinking that the Calcutta petition will not find many anpporiers in Bombay. "The faU of rain has beeni ample, and agricultural prospeets are good. Exchange on England, 2-. 1gd." ]SUDR&S. The Bontbay Gaette contained the following communication from Madras, giving an account of the mutiny in the 8th Mladras Light Cavalry, which had caused considerable excitement in the Southern Presidency:- " The 8th Regiment of Madras Ligbt Cavalry, thich was to forn part of the colunn c7i rottte for Calcutta from Madras, has mutinied. This took place on the l7th or 18th. The regiment had volunteered for foreign service, and was on its narch down fromn Bangalore for the purpose of embarking at Mla.;ras. 13ut on its arrival at Streepormutore, 2C uitil -s from Madras, it put forward a claim for the rates *f pay, batta, aud pension, which existed before li37, and wvere more favourable tco the Sepoy than the. present rates. Such a claim, put forward at such a moment, was most distressing and perplexing. 'Nevertheless, the officers (somne of tbem) started by train at once for Madras, to see what could be done. I believe that tbe Madras Government agreed to guarantee the concession of thte terms demanded fronm the Supreme Goverunment, and that the officers returned to Strtsp srnutore and informed the Sepoys that their requests were complied with. The corps then proceeded to Poonamallee, 13 miles from Madras, and then the truth came out. ' They would march on no termns whatsoever; they would not make war upon their countrymen.' Fortunately two guns and some artillerymen had arrived at Poonmnallee in the very nick of time. The sowars were at once deprived of their horses, their pistols, caps,and ammunition,aud left onlyw ith theirswords, Wby those were not taker, away also, I cannot teL The partial disarminig was quiietly submitted to, and the corps was Lalted. The 3d Madras Light Cavalry is now at Arcot, and is at once to proceed to Bangalore. As soon as it haa well cleared the station the 8th 3Iadras Light Cavalry is to march to Arcot, and do dismounted duty there. But what is in reserve for the mutineers 1 cannot tell. W'otld that I could asture the safety of the officers, Low alone with them. " This affair has caused the greatest excitenment in Madras. The volunteers were warned that their services are to be available at a mome,t's notice. There are patrols iu all the streets both day and night. The Government compound presents the appearance of a camp, eurrounded as it is with artillery, and filled as its banquetting-hall is with soldiers. Mortars are placed on the south side of the fort, facing Triplicane. Yet MIadras is so extended a place, the dwellings of the chief inhabitants so dispersed, that there is a very painful and general feeling of insecurity. The force is thought to be most inadequate. The Mussulman inhabitants of Triplicane are notoriously disaffected; so are those of Arcot and Vellore; and since the plague spot has touchee 'Aadras, it is impossible to predict how far it may spread. Ev-ery one is hoping, rather than believing, that this mutiny is the beginning and the end of a rebellion in Madras. " The horses of the mutineers were taken in charge by a Commissariat sergeant, ridden to Madras by the horsekeepers, and embarked for Calcutta this morning, where they will be a valuable acquisition." We take the following additional items of intel. ligence from the Bombay papers:- "LATEST FROM DELHI. "A. letter from Aboo, dated the 11th instant,mentions that the KCing of Delhi has offered to make terms with us, on the condition that 36 lakhs of rupees annually, instead of 15 as heretofore, should be secured to him and his successors. This proposal was of course peremptorily declined. He was informed that nothing but unconditional surrender could be accepted; and this we should hope would be instantly followeed by unexceptionable han,-ing, drawing, and quartering-on a gallows raised so high over the Royal Palace at Delhi that the "Great Exhibition" should be witnessed by aU the country round:'"aPoonahu Obscrrer .xtra, Aug. 27. OFFICIAL NEWS. " LAHORE. AuG. 10. "Thero is bu.t little newvs from the camp before Delhi. "The mutineers were still out on the 8th inst., and skir. mishing had been going on at intervals during the. previous 24 hous " Their now battery, which had been constructed to enfi. lado our gans, had been alhost altogether silenced. " Second Lieutenant Fraser, Artillery, severely wounded, and abont 20 men killed and wounded. "The most absurd reports are being promulgated in the city. One day the whole of our camp are reduced to living on raw gram, another day the mutineers arn to be joined on the morrow by a band of 14,000 fanatics from Peshawur. " LAHORZ, AUG. 11. "The only intelligence received from Delhi (of the 9th instant) is that cannonading and skirmisbing had becn maintained at slight intervals throughout the previous 24 hours. No officers hurt, and only a dozen men. The mutineers appear to persevere in these futile petty stacks, in the hope of harassing our troops. Their powder manufactory, containing 15,0001b. of powder, is reported to have been destroyed by an incendiary. "A A detaclhnment of two regiments of infantry, 300 cavalry, and two guns, is said to have left the city for Jfhui*r. " The wing of the 9th Light Cavalry, formerly attached to the movable colaumn, has arrived at Meean Meer, and is encamped on the parade, with the other dis&rmed corps. "The Subadar Major, 1 Jemadar, 2 Havildars, and 7 Sepoye of the late 26th Light Infantry have been appre. hended in the U mrits-r district. "LAHORE, Are,. 12. "Nothing of importance from Delhi. A short message by telegraph says the mutineers continued to persevere in their attempts to harass our troops by repeated demon. strations of attack, and by a flue of round shot, shells, and rockets, but with scarcely any perceptible effect; our loss very trifling. " Brigadier-General Nicholson had reacbed camp on the 8th, having proceeded in advance of his column, which was within the distance of a forced march. " The explosion of the powder inanufactory in the city Is said to have been accompanied with great los of life, about 500 men supposed to hbve been killed. The cause re. mains unknown, is of course attributed to treachery, and there is great disquietude among the mutineers in conase. quence. "The King is reported to be sending his zanana to Bohtuk. "1 Major Wodehonse's detachment of Her Majesty's 24th Foot, with the head-quarters of Captain Pator's troop of Horse Artillery, reached iMeean Aleer this morning. " LAHlORE, Arc. 1:i. "Desultory skirmishiDg going on at Delhi up to the 1Ith inst. Our troops restrained and kept under cover, and very little loss had consequently been sustained. " As the guns of the mutineers, plced between the Cash. mere gate and Zdetcalfe picket, hxd for some days annoyed our pickets, it was determuined to attack them; and they were taken by surprise, by a force under Brigadier Showers, at daybreak on the morning of the 12th. The affair was most successfuL The guis captured were one 24-pounder howitzer, two 9 and one 6 poundtr, all safely lodged in the prk in cap Our loss smallLietenant Sherriff. 2d Fusileers, mortally wounded; Brigadier Showers, Major Coke, and CAptain GreviUe wounded, but none of them badly. " Brigadier-General Nicholson's column was expected to have joined camp yesterday. It consists of Her Majesty's 52d Light Infantry, wing of 61st Foot, Bourchier's battery, a wing of the 7th Punpab Infantry and some Mooltaneo Borse and Foot. Green's tunjab Infantry (the 2d Regi. meat), the remainder of the 5th (Eing's) Regiment, and wing of 7th Punjab Infantry following at short intervals. The 4th Punjab Infantry (Captain Wilde's Rifles) will be a* Lahore in a few days, and a wing of Colonel Farquhae, Beelooch Battalion bas passed Ferozopore, both ens ,stc for Delhi. " Intelligence from Kurrachee btates tiat in the course of a month or si-x weeks foutr powerful seamers wil be available for the navigation of the Indus. " LAHORE, Aro. 14. "There is nothing furtber of importance from Delhi. In the attack and capture - of the guns outside the Casb. mere gate; on the morning of the 12th inst., our casualties Weore iore numerous than was at first surmised-killed ancl wounded 112. and the fullowing officers wounded -Liente. niant Sheroiff, 2d Fusilters, dangerously; Brigadier Showers and Major C-ke, severely ; Lieuwtenant Lindsay, Horse Artillery; Lieutenant 31aunsell, Engineers; Captain Gre. -iile and Lieutenant Oresir (quety, Owen?), lst Fusileers, and Lieutenant Intes, 70th N. I., Orderly Officer to Brig&. dier Showers, slightly. " A copy of a letter, dated Cawnpore, 31st July, has beesA received here. All well at that place. General Neil com. ma r dinK. Previous to thei ftigbt the mutineerg had blQw4
TBE I2NDIAN MUTUVIHS. UMBALLA. The following <we extracts from the letter of a lieutenant of the 60th Wativo Infantry :_ " Umballa, Jaly 15. | 4 One day I waa y a st ummoned to a council of war, and leuLrnt that the troops at Jullundur had mnutinied, con. sdsting of three regiments, a cavalry corps, and two guns, and that they were marching on us; so, with my 100 men. I was ordered to defend the left flank of cantonments-not a plewant daty, as I should be % mile away from the rest of the Europeans in the fort, and my men had been whispering ominously among themnselvrs The next afternoon some troops wen perceived advancing; the dust was so greag that their numbers oould not be ascertained. Directly the alarm was sounded every man took refuge in the church, while I rode away to my lines. However, I put on a good ,0e, and bdeng mounted on a good horse of ColonelSeaton's Isoon rached the lines and turned the men out. They were veryeager, an talkedamazinglyof what they would do, butI thought very differently, and determined to fight on horseback. However it turned out a fsalarm, the troops being friends; but as they filed under the guns of the fort a European artilleryman rquested leve to give them some ' grape,' saying ' Sure they are niggers.' All that night I patrolled by myself, being more afraid of my own sentries than any enemy; however, like all nights, it at last came to an end, and I felt another man when daylight came, and no eaemy, for I do not think I am maligning my men wthen I say that had an enemy appeared they would have shot me and joined the rebels. That morning Information was received that General Jolustone, from Jullundur, was pursuing them, and that the 61st Native Infantry had separated and was snealdng along the foot of the hlls by by-roads, and thus trying to get to DelhL Two companles of Europeans were limmedi ately ordered In carts to intercept them in the Malka road, and Ivolunteered to go with them, and was appointed aidede-camp and quartermaster to the force. I had previously volunteered for Delhi, for a volunteer troop of cavalry and a volunteer troop of infantry, and had been invariably refused. We did not start til 1 p.m., a wind blowing as hot s the breath from a furnac There were no carts for us and we had to ride. The officer commanding got struck by the sun ad two other fell silc, so at lst I twas left by myself. We did not halt all day, and at about 11 p.m., my pony having outstepped the carts, I was about a mile ahead, and passing through a nasty brushwood and thinklng what a plaoe.lt would be for a surprise, when a volley of musketry came on one side, I pulled up, clutched that invaluable weapon 'Colt,' and listened. The night was as dek as ink aud all quiet and sti again. I listened for the carts but oouldnot hear them, and was surprised to find how I had unconsciously wandeed away from them. Just then I faintly heard the bugle sounding the ' ssembly,' followed by the 'double'; putting spurstomy tt'i I flaw back, and founad ihat the enemy were close by and we were going to foot It after them. A party was put on some elephants and eent ahead, but those on foot delared they would get on first, and set offat about five mles an hour. I got offmy elephant and fell in with them, and we had a hottish walk, beating the elephanta hollow. I was afterwards called out and sent on ahead to where the Commisdoner was to give orders; so I galloped off and found the said gentleman irn an unpleasant tate of fear, and so disordered in mind that he could give no orders, except that Mr. Forsyth (civiian) bad come upon the rebels, and thMt hls men had all bolted and Forsyth had tlken refuge tn a walled town. I took the liberty of ordering dinner for six, sharp, and carried back this intelligence, and strongly advised pushing on eight miles more to relieve Forsyth. We all arrived at the bungalow,a nd then the CommIssoner kept saying that we were too late by thre hours So we ate our dinner at I am., and putting my addle for a piUow I turned in on the floor. In about one hour I was awoke and told we were going on to relieve Forsyth; so we all got up, weary and tired, having had just enough sleep to make us wish for more, at which the troops murmured greatly. We reached Forsyth andheardwe were just toolate again; but he had carriage for 50 men, he said, if we were game to pursue, and he offered 50 rapees for everyheadbroughtin; so of course all volunteered, but only 50 were chosen and the offloers drew lots for it. The commanding officer told me to do as I liked, soI volunteered and attached myself to Forsyth as deputy-assistant, and found hmn a jolly companion and a resolute, energetic man He mounted me on his elephant and, the menbeing all likewise mounted,we started at 6 a.m after the rebels, The heat was fearful that day, and the road nothing more than a track over dazzling, drifting sand. After marching for two hours a temporary halt for water was called, and I ws thinking howa lucky I was to have a flask of brandy with me when Forsyth offered me claret. I was delighted of course to fina may"f atbhed to ono who marched with claret. We did not halt agatn till 12 p.m. and then found the rebels stil ahead but very close. " Forsyth then asked me to make a ' dour' 20 miles on horseback, and try to reach a policestation before the rebels, and check them till the Europeans could arrive. As I hal no good horse, he lent me a Government Artiery horse, as It was imperatively necessary to be well mounted in case of having to bolt. HS rode a beautiful Arab, and buckling on swords and pistols, and sllnging our rifles on our back}, away we went as hard as we could, with an escort of 10 mounted natives. We were meeting the wind, and the heat ws insufferable; the wind dried me up, and blisterd my face almost to suffocation; still, ' Forward,' we cried, and in a sate of mad excitement we hammered along, cur poor horses suffering greatly, mine especially; however, I never mounted a gamer animal, he would not allow the Arab to be one inch ahead of him. The esoort had faUen to the rear, and were nowhere. Still we flew along, and at last reached a fort, and summoning up the head man demanded intelligence. He lied to us, and tried to break our sent, so he was hung there and then, and another fined 1,000 rupees. After hainBg been so mercifal we started afnrsh, and actually rode right through the 61st Native Infantry, who were eating their dinners, when a cry arose of ' Two Europans r They immediately fled to the jungle. We, observing places for cooldng and fires burning, thought they must be justl ahead, and dashed forwards with renewed speed. I never could understand why they spared us, except that they were chased off their legs and bad lost alU pluck and heart. Just beyond we came to a nullah with steep banks. We charged it abreast, withoutlooking to see what it wa3, and took it exactly together, but my horse had not the blood of the Arab, and was done. }Ie reached the other side, but his hind leg5 sipped back, and over he went to the bottom. I got bruised from the lock of the rifle entering my back, but it was softish ground, so I scrambled up and soon remounted, but the horse was done for; still he gallantly held out for five miles more, when we entered the policeesttion, and then he lay down and died. I got some rice to eat, almost the first thing I hadhad to eat sinee I had left Umballah. We lay down and got a bit of rest, all owing to my poor horse, for if he had not failed we should have ridden on aud destroyed a bridge over the Jumna. The detachment soon arrived, and we let them rest a bit, seeing nothing of any rebels. After our dinner Forsyth and I were once more ia the saddle and ready to prooeed. I was on my white pony. No mounted men would come with us unless we promised to ride like men in their senses. As It was pitch dark we promised, and off we went for 15 miles more. We went very quietly at first, Forsyts Arab as fresh as if he had not been out of the istable for a month. We soon increased our speed, and at last were in a sharp canter, to the horror of the men behind. One man was very troublesome aud would persist in keeping olose by me, making my pony very fidgety and warlikely inclined, so at last I paid him out beautifully, though quite by accldent. We came suddenly on a greatfissure across the road. It was too late to stop, so I rode at it and reached the other dde all right. The native behind me did not see it, and rode right into it. I heard a heavy fal and cry of 'I'm killed,' but we only laughed, and rode on and saw no more of the escort, Just before we arrived at the little station we rode through a clump of trees, and a low bough caught Forsyth, who was thrown. I caught hishorse, and werode quietlyon and got in just in time to warn Plowden (Civil servant). The next morning the fall combinedwith fatigue and heat, prostrated Forsyth, and, not willing to leave him in the jungle, I stayed with him, and returned to Umballah the next night, having been out three days, two of which night and day had been incessant marching, but the sun bad no effect upon me, and no one stood it better, if so well as I dl. I only changed the skin on my face and hands. Perhaps, the excitement is good for me, but certainly it seems to me to be the coolesthot weather altogether that I have experienced. On my return I heard the news of the mutiny of our regement; they are al gone! The men that we so trasted; my own men, with whom I have shot, played cricket, jumped, and entered into all their sports, and treated them kindly. They mutinied at Bhotuck. It was a hard tril their being sent there, only three marches from Delhli While there they received hundreds of letters from the rebels to come over to them. So on the Llth of June they rushed on the drummers. The officers were collected in the mess-tent when the regiment came up, fired a volley through it, miraculously hitting no one, and then off they went. The officers rashed out, got on their horses, and bolted to Delhi to join the camp. Shebbeare refused to leave them at first, hoping to bring them round again, and trusted to his great popularity to get off; but their looks were so murderous he soon walked off, and, when told by them to quicken his pace, told them that he would not put himself out for any of them. They then looted the mess, smashed all the mess plate, carried off all our silver of every description, plundered the wine, took thw trpsoro cbhst% and after banging a policemau who had hid their camels they marched for Delbi. But the officer, arrived first and gave Infotmatlou, and aU the guns were laid for the gate by which they would enter, so as they approached they were awfully cut up, and the 9th Lancerl swept down upon them, so that the left wing was aunihilated. The next day the rebels made a fierce attack upor the camp, and the 60th were told to lead, and were ot up almost to a man. I have just received letters from all my brother officers in camp. The storming party has been told off twice, but countermanded again. The mutineers havo offered to come to terms, but we only answer ' Unoonditional surrender.' Our troops are mad for revenge, and wo hang the wounded that are left on the field . . . . . Mliraculous to say, this is the only station that has escalped a maseacro, and it wa a touch and go hero; few knew their danger untU it was over; even now we dare not go to church. Sunday now is a day when revolvers and twobarrelled guns are by our fides. What hs kept us afloat so long is the constant psdng of Europeans, and the Rajah of, Putteealab, who is for us at present, bat if he were to go we should have to fight our way elther to Delhi or Loodisnah-the latter is only six marches, and then we can drop downv the Sntledj to Mooltan, but I hope it will not come to that, for fancy the ladies who have all been ordered up to the hills I some thousands of them. " I have got into the habtt of sleeping so lightly that a cat walking across the room would wake me. Under my pilow is a revolver and a suit of mud-coloured clothes, ln which I am at nfght neairly invisible; my sword by the bed, and ride and gun in the oorner, so I think I could mnage afew of them If they care. All I want now is a good horse, and then I Am game for anything. * . - * We have had that terrible scourge the cholera. It has been -aging here with frightful violence for two months, but thank God has now left us without harming the 'S hibs.' It seemed a judgment on the natives. They were reeliug about and falling dead in the streets, and no one to remove them. Now it is allover. It is the only time we have looked on it as an 'IAlly,' thoughIthascaiedoffrmny soldiers, two native offioers, and six policemen, who Were guarding prlsoners. All fell dead at the same place. As one dropped another depped forward and took his plae and so on the wholo lot. Wo have* just disarmed the natives here and got three cart loads of weapons from them I have applied for leave of absence for all the-men left here under my command. It granted I shall be free and able to join my officers in the camp. I am looking forward to my furlough, or r.tbhr sick certificate, or something-slek, indeed, of India eud its army of murderers. This d&k is going round by Mooltan, Kurrachee, and back to Bombay. Three Sepoys to be executed this evening. We have blowrn away a great number from guns-in fact we show them every week what they will get." DELHIL The following is an extract of a private letter from a cavalry officer before DelhL. The officer who vritea it commands a wing of the 17th Punjab Irre0lr CaValry, the other wing being on duty in "Camp, near Delhi, July 9. " Duffdr ?,Lhomed Hoossein (a Sowar of the 17th Irregular Cavalry) was conveying a letter to Brigadier-General Chamberlain, in which I strongly recommended him to the favourable consideration of Major General Reid for behaving very well on the night of the 3d Inst. in protecting Government property. He had arrived within two miles of eantoniments when he met a body of the enemy's cavalry, followed by our infantry and guns firing into and at them, They hailed him, 'Who are you? Come with us to Delih' He nobly repled, 'I am going to the General in cantonments with a letter.' They again hailed, ' No, come with us, and one of the mutineers shouted out, ' ill him, he belongs to the Bl6-cemans' (thoso unfaithful to their religion). Upon this he was fired upon, the balU pasing through his clothes under his left arm I Roossein shot the man who fired at him dead with his pistol, and gploped beck to me! I again sent him off to the brigadier, with an additional letter, aking him to allow the man to tell hls own story, and stating that I thought he had fairly won his spurs.' e will doubtless be made a native officer." The wing of the 17th Irregulars to which Hoossein belongs arrived in camp before Delhi with a convoy of 150 waggons of powder and 28 waggons of treasure in the beginning of July, having marched down from the north, and latterly passing through a disaffected district without losing a man or a rupee. The General was pleased to express his approbation of the conduct of the men and od the officer commanding the detachment. THE CAWNPORE MASSACRES. The following is an extract from a letter from an officer in one of the Queen's Regiments belonging to General Havelock's movable column:- " Cawnpore, July 17. . . . ... I was directed to the house where all the poor miserable Ladies had been murdered. It was alongside the Cawnpore hotel, where the Nena lived. I never was more horrified I The place was one mas of blood. I am not exaggerating when . tell you that the soles of my boots were more than covered with the blood of these poor wretched creatures. Portions ot their dresses, collars, children's socks, and ladies' round hati 1ay about, saturated with their blood; and in the sword-cuts on the wooden pillArs of the room long dark hair-wa carried by the edge of tho weapon, and there hung their tresses-a most painful sight I I have often wished sinoe that I had never been there, but sometimes wish that every soldier was taken there that he might witness the barbaritiea our poor countrywomen had suffered. Their bodios were afterwarda dragged out and thrown down a well outside the building. where their limbg were to be seen sticking out in a mams of gory confusion. Their blood cries for vengeance, and should it be granted us to have it, I only wish I may h&vs the administration of it. " I picked up a mutilated Prayer Book. It had lost the cover, but on the 'dyleaf is written, 'For dearest Mama, from her affectionate Tom. June, 1845.' It appears to ms to have bcen opened at-page 86, in the Litany, where I hava but littleodoubt those poor dear creatures sought and found consolation In that beautifal supplication. It is here sprinkled with blood. The book has lost some pages at the end and term aates with tae 47th Psalm, in which David thanks the Almighty for his ignal victories over his enemies, &c. "July 2L "Those poor ladies were mascred on the 15th, after we bad thrashed the blackguards at the bridge. The collector who'gave the order for their death was taken prisoner the day before yesterday, and now hangs from a branchlabout 200 yards off the roadside. His death was, accidentally, a most painful one, for the rope was badly adjusted, and when he dropped the noose dosed over his jaw. His hands then got loose, and he caught hold of the rope and struggled to get free; but two men took hold of his legs and jerked hi body untl his neck broke. This seems to me the just reward he should have got on earth for his barbarity." The following is from an officer on General Neill's staff at Cawnpore:- " Cavnpore, Ang. L "I believe I am at present the only one in the whole army who knows the fate of each individual of the unfortunate Futtyghur community,-I mean the officers and cvilins. I give a list to you, as it may be usefnL The Nawab of Futtyghur has taken up arms against us. To begin with the 10th ";ative Infantry:- " Colonel and Mr. Smith, both reached this station in a boat just in time to form pat of the awful massacre in that detestable house on the 15th of July. I had better premise that three country-boat-loads of people left Futtyghur at midnight of the 10th, or 11th, or 12th of July, and that two of those boats were blown into the shore by a head wind on the next morn- ing, and the third being well ont in the stream managed to escape showers of round shot, &c., and came on to near Bithoor, where they fell into the hands of the Nena's son, and tho Europeans were all 'sent in here immediately. The wretches who attaoked and killed the Futtyghbtr people were tho Sepoys of the 41st Native Infantry and Irregulat Cavalry, with artilery on one bank and villagers with matchlooks on the other. Major Muaro was kIlled by a round shot near Bithoor. Major Phillott was drowned at Slngheo Rampore (the placo where the two boats were driven on to the bank). " Captain Bignell went off with some Sepoys of his regiment, who promised to protect him, and his fate is unknown. There is a zemindar wlho lives about five or six koss from Fattyghur, and has been faithful to Government and friendly to Europeans through this business. Some few Europeans are, I bolieve, stil under his protection. " Captain PhiUimore got a shot in the leg in the little fort at Futtyghur, and was shot dead at Konahere Bithoor. "Lieutenar,t Fitzgerald leaped into the river with his wife and child at Singhee Rampore aind were (threo) drowned. " Lieutenant Swetenham ,was killed at Singheo Rampore. "- Henderson wAs brought Into Cawnpore and kiUed there on the 15th. " The doctor of the 10th (I don't know his name) was hilled, along with his wife and child, at Cawnpore, on the 15th. "The station doctor (I suppose poor Maltby, but my informant, an eyewitness, did not know his name), vith his wife and family, shated the same fate as the doctor of the 10th. "Colonel Tucker (9th Light Cavalry), the clothing agent, -a shot dead In the fort at Futtyghur. Mrs. Tuckr 'and thred children, and Colonel Tacker's Aiser, were e massacred here on the 15th. " Cptain Witson (the gun carrig Agent) and his wife And one daughter, and Jr. Watson's eiter sa1 jumped intO the river at Singhe Eamnpore. " The chaplain (I don't know his nmae) was murdersd here on the 16th. His wife amd child jumped Into the river at Singhee BAmpore, and were drowned. He jumped In also, and swaam three or four kose, until he overtook Colonel Smith's boat, which had gone on, bht was th4 sticking on a sandbauk. " The Orphan School Missionary, sppowed to h%To beU killed at Kehndee GhAt, About seven koss below Fdttyghur, where a Mr. Maclean, who was al klled (an indigo facor) lived. " The Collector, his wife, And two daughters (their namn t don't know-something like Lewis), all killed here on thfi 15th. "Colonel Goldie and one daughter killed here on the 15th; the other daughter had her head shot clean off by l round shot at Singhe Rampore. " The Sessions Judge (my informant knew him by no other name), his wife, two grown-up daughters, one child.l and one European servant, were all murdered here on tha 15th." THE MUTINY AT SAUGOR, The following letter is from Brigadier SE;g7i comrnanding the Baugor District force- "i n all the mutinies that have flooded the mlitary x. tions with blood one line of conduct appears to have beea pursued-the offioers tusting theif men against conviction or rather what ought to hAve been conviction, nd comnmo wsnse-eeping In the lines with their men, and sleeping a4 until thn men hd mntured their plns and the offloers were shot down or had their throats cut I had tworeginW of infantry (Sepoys) and one regiment of native eT.aryl, and only 68 European gunners I had the fort, msauine. and batkring train At one end of the cntonments, and wha is called the Artillery.hlll st the otber; ditAnoe betwee* the two three miles and a-quarter. I could not keep boh h I kept the hill, In All probabilty I should lose the fort; the magazine, and the key of the Sangor district. At tha hill I had no proviions and no room to store them, and waer had to be brought from below. Thing s were in thi stto-the Sepoys had the treasury and the fort; in fact, we were all at their mercy; and mnen of the three regiment met every night and talked openly of what they intended to do. In thi state of affahi an Application came front LullUtpore (on the north of Saugor) for Assisnee Two guns and ammunition were asked for. I sent ene company and one troop of ach regiment, and two nine-pounders, and the quesion was, would ihey march or not They did march, and at the first halt con. spired to murder their officer and return; the, 42d pro. posed this, the 31st would not agree, so they made a aecon mrch. Four men of the 42d sent amege to the detaeh ment to come back, as a European regiment iras coming to punish them. 'It in conscience that makes cowards of us all.' I arresd the messenger andthe four Sepoys, and fi them by a drum-head court-martial. They were mntenoeS to imprisonment and hard labour at 6 p.m., nd were am their way to Hooshungabad gaol, in irons, at 12 at midnight, where they now Are. t Lullutpore the troops mntinred' and the Bajah of Baudpore took tho country. Major G-, who oommanded the detachment, wrote for reln. foroements I sent 400 infantry and 100 cavalry. The night before these men were to march was chosen by the mutineers for a strike. I made them march in the day, ant kept on the watch. An attempt was now made on Colonot Dalzell's life, who commands the 42d; that man was put fast in gol The alarm wai great, and there was a hue and try that I took no care of the lives of tho Europeans, parti cularly ladies and children. I waited for an overt act ot unmistakable mutiny before 1 would throw down tho gauntlet It came soon enough. A small fort, Balabet, was stormed and captured by Major G 's detachment, and 16 prisoners were taken; the men of the 31st and 42dl,, i.e, portions of them, Inssted on Major G -releaing the prisoners, which he did. The Baudpore Rajbh, to whora these prisoners belonged, wrote Into camp offering the Sepoys 12 rupees a month if they would leave their oficers aud go over with thir arms and ammunition, Herewas no mistake. I might have the rebel ajalh and the mutineersof the camp in roar of the artillery and my 68 Enropes a any hour of the day, as Matthone, where the tamp was, Is not more than 37 miles from Saugor ;, then the mutinesrg of the cantonmeuts would be in their front, and the 3d Irregular Cavalry on their flank. The position was corpromised, and I began operatious. First I removed the treasure into the fort, then emptied the expense magaine, the artile magazine; removed the women, children, and baggge of the artillery eompany into tho fort; and the* I -rent down to the fort and relieved the Sepoy guard a# the gate with a guard of Europeans. Thus by one stroke I won the fort, the magazine, and the treasure. Then I put Irn all the ladies and children, and the next day being Sunday. sent in some neoesary articles of furniture, clothes, &c On Monday morning while the grand guard-mounting was golng on, I marched the company of artillery, and No. 4 Light Field Battery 'into the fort-all Christians had been orderd to come in also, and al was safe. I then sent for all the native officers, and told them of the mutinies that had taken place, that they, being the gceater number, and acording to their own statement good and floyal mnen, looked on am! did nothing; that if they chose to allow bad men to destroy their honour and rcin their reiment, I would place n1 confidenco in them, and that I would not trust any Euro peon officers with men who had forfeited my esteem and my confidence. If they wished to preserve their honour and their regiments they must seize the mutineers and de. liver them up to me. There ws a great scne. I was firm., and they promised everything. The nest day I had aeuir.l lar conference with the native officers of the 3d Irregular Cavalry, and with the same result as to promises; but mark the faith and honour of Mahomedans. The next morning, after muster, Captain Mayne came to me, saying his men had sharpened their swords and gone to pray at the mosque, and he had been advised to fly for his life. This officoer WS certain his men were true and loyal, and would stay with them instead of coming into the fort. The 42d joined tha 3d Irregular Cavalry, but the 31st held aloof. The buw! galows and bazaar were plundered, but having not one company I could trut to flank my guns, I would not risk them. On tho 7th a trooper fired at a Sepoy of the 31st, the SePOr In return shot the trooper dead, and a fight ensued betwesa the 42d and 3d on one side, and the 31st on the other. ThA 31st sent for assistance. I gave the 60 cavalry who had rei nianed true and there wasna good deal of firing. 40 men oE tho est company of the 31st joined the mutineers. In thi evening they sent to me again for two guns. I sern them word it was too late; but in the mornin.g I would send them victory. The mutineers got hold of this and fled In the night, the 31st and 60 trooperS pursuing them for some miles. When the men ha camp heard this they seized the gons, aud marched for cantonments, but having the river Daseein to cross, they found a body of infantry and cavalry ready to receive them. On this the mutineers went off in the night, almost AlI the cavalry, the native officers nd men of the 42d. andl aix of the 31st, and here ended the mutiny, at least I hope so. Since then I have had detachments out at Damah and Benaicka, both of which have been successful, and we are strengthening the Fort every day. We have provisions for sia months, medical stores, and doctors, but tha enemy (the cholera) has visited us for all that. You wll observe, I have, with God's blessing, saved all my officers, and made the good men drive out the mutineers."
GORUCKPORE. TO TEE EDITOR OF TIE TIMES. Sir,-In your journal of yesterday one of your corespoi. dents alluded to the death of Major Mill at Fyzabad. If Mr Mill's relatives have not heard of her escape with her children the accompanying extracts from a letter of tho Rev. 1X. Stern, of the Church Missionary Society, at Go. rumkpore, August 3, will be a source of great satisfactiox and comfort to them. Von"s f,dthfill. CHARLES YOUING. Isllngton, Sept. 29. "Last w-ek we received help from NepauL 3,0OG Xepanlese soldiers are now in our station, and with their asistance our Sepoys and Irregulars were disarmed lta Saturday. All gentlemen have Nepaulese guards, and I alago have fonr sentries about my house by day, and 16 PtAiight. Two gentlemen and a lady, with two children, are in my house. This poor lady is Mrs. 31iD, fugitivo from Fyzabad. Her husband, Mtajor Mill, is one of those who wasm urdered in this district; however, she has still some hope of his being alive. This poorlady was wandering about ih tho district for a fortnight, with her three children, one or whom died since sbe came hero. She has suffered awful hardshins and privations. and was obliged to beg her bread in the viDlages. I am thankful to say that she is recover. tug and gaining strength. Otber fngitives are brought in;' among them nve women and seven children, one of whonx was born on the road during the flight. It is most wonderful that we have kept hitherto so quiet; a special Providence has watched over us-. The Nepauleso troops expect to be ordered away, in which ose we should not have any pro. tection here. The gentlemen are talking of leaving the* station, and proceeding to a place where there are Europem troops. In this caso I shall go also, and remove ll mm native Cbristians. May the Lord have mercv on us, an& prevent so disastrous a movement I Yesterday I rehac to the English, msost of whom were armcd with loadf4 pistols and revolvers,"
perom ade LONDON GAZETTE of Tudahy, &*pE 29. A&t the Court at Bailmoral the 24-th day of September, Preent,-The Queen'a Most Bxcllent Maj esty inC0ounoll. This day, upon a reprosentation of the Right Hlononrable theoUrds of the Committee of Coauncil on Education, aer Naieety was pleased toapoint the Rev. Simo:n J. G. Fraser, 7A A., of Exeter College, Oxford, and rhe Rev. Henry M1artyna Capel, B3.A. , of Sit. John's College, Cambridge, to Ue two of Htar Mdajesty's Asisslant Inspectors of Schools. 'WHITBEIALL, SEPTr. 28. The Queen has been pleased to direct letters patenat to beo paweed under the Great Seal, granting the dignity of a' Baaon of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and Ireland Kulto James, Earl of F'ife, and the heirs male of his body lawfully begotten, by the name, 3tyle, and title of Baron Pkene, of Skente, in tho county of Aberdeen. FOREtGN OFFICE, SEPT. 28. The Queen has been Pleased to rpprove of Mr. George )&oas as Consul at St. Helena for His Majesty the King of glardinlr4 DOWNING-STREET, ft-.T. 26. The Queen has beeni pleased toasppotnt Gaetano Soiortino, ;kq., to be Collector of Customs for the Island of Malta, WAR-OFFICE, PALL-MALL, SE1'T, 29. BR1EVET. In consequence of the eminent services performed by Colonel Heznry Havelocko, C.B., in coromalndof adivision oDf Her Majesty's army engaged in active operations in the field In India, the Queen has been graciously pleased to coonlmnad that he ho promotedI to the ranik of Major-General in the army, in conformity withL the 10th clause of the Royal varrant of the 6th of October, 1854, and that his conml.aZdon shall hear date the 30th of Jualy, 1857, I'NTrERNATIONTAL COP-YRIGIIT. By a special convention between Her Majesty and the Quneen of 5~p-in, signed at Madrid onx the 7th of July last, and ratified at the samne place on the 5th of September inst., Z,d\ the establ,hbment of international copyright, which con 'ention is to comei into operation as soon as possible after the exchange of the ratifications, it is declaredI that the authors of works of literature or of art, to whoma the laws of 4either of the tweo countries do now or maay hereafter give the right of proerty or copyright, shall be entitled to exer. oiso that right in the territories of the other of such countries for thes samne tearm and to the samne extent asthe authors of works of the same nature, if published in such other country, would therein be entitled to exercise such right. And by an Order in Council, dated the 24th of September Inst., It Is directed that fromn and after the day of the pub. Lication tbereof in the London Gaczcfe the provisions of the gold convention shal come into operation. BURtIAL OF THE DEAD. 'By Orders in Council, dated Septemiber 24th inst., lb is flirocted that from and after the 10th of October next, bunrials, subject to certain modifications therein set out, igh&H be discontinued in the churchyards and buralagrounds, &.,ina the places and parishes in the said orders specified; and by another Order i-a Council, dated September 24th luat,, it is directed that the time for the discontinuance of Isurials in the burlagrounds, ho., in tho said 1ast-mentioned order mnentionied, shall be postponed till the dates therein npeci.fiod. And by other Orders in Council, dated SepteenLer 24th inst., notice has been giveni that certain repreen. tations made by the Right Hon. Sir G. Grey, Bart., one of Iler Majesty's principa.l Secretaries of State for the discontinuance of burials in the places, &c., therein mentioned, eBball be taken into consideraltion by Her Majesty's Pr,ivy Council on the 10th of Novemaber next. And by another Order in Counrcil, dated September 24th inst It is directed that a p,etition of the Loca B3oard of Health for the district of Danbury, stating that no burial board brts been appointed for the saidL disric, nd ha anOrer n ounilhas been made for closng al brialouns wihinthe aiddistrict, andl pray. lug hatthesai Loal oar ofHeath ay be a burial isord or hesai ditrIt,shal b taeninto consideration BOARD OF TRADE. 'The Committee of the Privy CounialT for Tradeo wad 'Plantations have received a copy of a despatch from Her 185, te prmisin t i,~or ito pai, feeof duty, whet, lou, brle, miz, ad ohergran uedfor food. The ommtteehav als reeive a onyo a despatch with theSpaishRoyl oder fiingthed~ileson the luaportajion nto painof ptch,tar,and ine esin. NAVAL PRIZE MONEY. Notice has been given that the distribution of the pro. coeds of the Rtussian brig Gretil5 captured August the 1st, 1855. by Her Miajesty's ship Barracontta, will he commenced October the 19th next, COMMISSIONS ftiued by the LouD-LzrzguTmA-r of the West Bidinig of the county ofYork, and of the city and counity of th5 city of York. ~th Regimeut of 'Weat York Mflitia.-Lieut. hlenry Witiiam Sale to Ste apt., vice 1Btearey, resligned; Thoal M.ills litanm,ut, gout., to lbeSars., Tice Bridges. sulperoeded;: Henry B&Igucy, Rsq. Adjt., to gerve wIth the. rank of O.Pt. 5th Regiment of Weat York Mllid-Ca,t-Gogo Goodwin Norris, gent., to be Ensign 3d estRsgniet o Yokshre eomury0&valrir.-The Ven. (Iharita iusgra,. fo.r . Archdemn,aon of Craven,g tborbe haplin Jothua bom Cas Holo Whumlloy baewCornet,vs anr eind Bapis Cthe L soLAbrosu'bgesarof thie Cut f CSr EastHen Brogmera, oD wdlldlaYorkshire, slem mhistoit, rent., tora as nsin vie, Lonr iut, puromoteg ud; A tfkerd,incla r Lethrothgent., iudsoLen., viace owell prgson-uoted. , a- isnanrr.-- oeyhan Gaot., Bikerabtan-anoices tatd thBfrowing places-havereen.S;m Coi,registt,eredufor thJolemsn,nto ofunrrow.andao. tLierejos;hip sufapigtist Chapl k5therst:g"andevonsit.Bre. ga,rasigJo Woodf troters. Daraeld uo;rkshIe glas H.BesfattersRs.Joaeaudm cud Mrtmin, Le, ea,ournIhn idem.ta'ib ees-lrns a(R.1Xdro,8the-s soyadndTCo..r flsct)erchbuty.-DaIIsand Brawn. Palce-Itoee. Stemt- tor-Jree, e LgH Pricek,n,Mrr and Co elie.pm, Lonive -rpo gol,hp bikw eroht az--W -0ickhry and GafrB. Biftls aSnthlgwaore.hsYgoroaa manufacturl es ;lna as far as regards i 8i Beanet-Irth. Jauon Land 07, Birmigham,iruafundes. -W lilibens and i.BsdnSA.vane shir, atoreys C. Prce ad C. Aslaiie-lac, L u n-id Co, JaanCo, Watrdi-r. Ylorkshire Yorachirne woolens0 c.lanh A. ufan clmer svn B.,ci. okialne enrerstrmerats.-Til, Brtwn, land. C-o.br Elengndonictu. -ller.t vegetadle Oil manuItclocrk -. aNdv 12. at 12 at teBankrCon tsr Co~,nrt:soxinha orfolk, millrsu s a a egrIsL Enellcr, joline.Mr.s.i Bela Con mand .,rlert-buerrnac,,flnga,ca nRlchandBtle.-J inierdsum Co. Calfonax ommnai biewers.erhat James tartIk eXPar.erAiRondkn, Yo Prkehre.Bedor-olle nnt innlseturer. S~Fee-sre taffoordsire, Oa..PtIronmasocr. lv .2 antyhanfast r, late of Bauls tsa outlslcti,Af.l,or Jranuel Franis more,khgatrost-eireent-hfl,Lather lacnpe. rtalb8rn, lcense vit12 e,t srede c at 2i o'clock. Nov. 12. at 12. atteHi rps ou ii ctoernrnr out olctr Mr. Sidney ,LRncero'e.ar,CPP0aln;OE43 8inO.nds offcir Edarssn, 8Mnr. Bll, Cultemain hl-hireet-ning. IFrerichak RBerti. Paulor-tet lledan,iwan-trnt. t'mobe8r merchant, nt,Oct. 12.a hai-at 2i o'clock, Nov. 10. at 1. at the Ba9nkruptsI Oourt' zolicitors, Mesrs. Parkley. Rooksn. and-Parker,l'fo Bedlorirow; o-fir.ias AsdsaneeuSry.le.Cosn-rethiig. Joteph amreesan, Eetstrme. boroklesler. Oot,.9. at 12 o'clocek. Nov. ~10, at ha12,nI at the BankrUPOupts' Osio, rt; solictor i. Spwicer, tfieaple-n oicilasinee. Mr wad. Johnron. l,ut, B.iehall etreet. 'Chre.s12,atio'loc,No... t2 Pcatdthely koirerts C,t 13,iat' Mr Edwards, Sausroot.c,srsMt. Edwirdsall.stres Amith, er.1.t2o'lc, Lier ovl illpe, Oat. 2adNv 2. at th Snr 1t'Cut Meanliio,. anidleot, 1Baerpoholl-t; officia asignee, Air. Leega, ,&ldersnanbury. ~ ~ ~ trit but _fical asige. Mr andwAd. Sag Dinbram.kncur, BNewsmalerket,.ai Cdvharles,c'rn melbmarlsg.-Oct.e Piccadill. pon9ihterer '. 13 at 2ch 'etreeNo. 0,st heeo,-ai pastS a. the Youltngt Sncourt sorhlicitor. elr. 2lrO2-.J.~ot lb eigli .1rlytreet ti..OA 0 ,- oh walle D'ierband -Ocisaviuford Whriete shiwell milt-er-Oct. 2 '%V Handke.a hal-pstt Ou 'clock. at, ks Bm Lu.iha Idisri-ct. 22ur Wiiacmb, Ca-er, BLiverpoo. binu deer-(Got. 1 and J1. 2ato. Matn 'cheotix, atk the lvtuerpol isrct. C2o.Wlera fB.ckbru.eyslc,mitsors Mecee. van an So, Lverool o PicaasineM.Moa, Liverpool.~ ~ ~~~~~~Ci CKRTIFIOATES to be granted, unles. cause be shown to the con- tsary on the day of meetins. Oct. 22. , J.Jsdan, ins , CAmprdemlshlI. Kesuvizton, hni'der.-.Oot. 22, %V. Clalrke, KIns'4 Lynn, dealer in china -Oct. 22, G. A. Smith, Chanel.etremc Beifoed-cow. late brick and tile m3aker at Petezborou5h ssnd Warrinsto. Nsrtharnptonshire.-.Oct. 20. W. Waderav so ad sea sugeo -Ot. ii D.Roe, Rmfod, ssX, grocer.-Oct. 23, IL. fl'ibot ad . (rie. ydnr. lnestshie.ironfonndera.-Oot. 21, J. 1. Bown lOudelan, rpe s5nfacure.~lct.22. J. Lord. Rtochdale Lacasire cotonplnnr.-ot.5?,P. 0. arstor, Ltoisesr, dycg-Oct cc,'p Dle. eek Stafordhireaeslrindraing pirus3.- WOOTH SPAURSTBA&TIONS. ,T. S5der. Ta%rNer#, Asgyleshire, bak r, Oct. 2. at I o'clock, at the jkrgyle Hotel, Duinoon. T. Wilson. We-es Portk Dandee, grocer, Oct. 2, allI o'clock, at thle B3ritish Hotel, Dandoe. E. Clowan. New Monkland, Lanarkahireo, spirit dealer, Oat. 0. at2 Vorlock, at Povhcsl Airdrle IFael, AindTie. P. J. Harriet and J. Htrlot, jan.. Glasgow, hat mnerchanta, Oct. 6, at 12 o'clook, at the Faculty Hall, Glasgow. 8.un Adeavm, Arnhot merchaut, Oct. 9, aLt 12 o'clock, at the MiM J. Hay, Perth, groce, Oct 8, at'- o'clock, at the PrOcuratos's lttAry, i'erth. ________
,jAdvertisament.-M!ap. of India, &o., published by 8waed Stan frd, 6, og-cro1s:-. Stanford's New Special UV eI the Bevoltod Ditseisc of Britiah Xoots; comprising the North. 'West Provinco the PunJab, UpDer Bengal, and the Statee of Central Inda, indldingthe locatiies of hetebpoy Inuurretion, and showing the Ratwars, bIiXtar, andPost-offloe Stations. U. Price, in sheet ooloured scd Solded, 2a. 64.t o omte mounted. IL 2. Delbi nud its Envlron.- heet. coloured. s.; se. 2s. Gd. 3. Stanford's Map of Indis, two larg sheets colure4 prioe I1s. 6d.; mounted in case, 25s.; roller warak-heL. &l£4. 4. General Map of India, with the latest oorreo. tlos and exhibitimn by the mode of colouring the Britleb Terrltor7 kbe Subsidimy, Tribwt&-y, and Independent States. Coloured anA folded. pice Is: oue, Ns. London, wdward Stanford, B, Chsng. grei, B.W., wbo.s ISt ot Mm*r cf Inudi 'owr be bad on appdeation. [Advertisement.]-Charl,@tte flrontZ.-The third edition Uatth emendations s0d additlons) of the "Life of Charlotte Brontw.' 'b 'M Gaakell. is now reedr. 2 vols., post 8lv., With plates, Price 24s. soth. "1 One ot the best blographles os a wo-man. by a woman, which e can real to mind '-AtbeDnam. "There h a stsrtlnsg pzrtbe sbcnt ths good woman's lie that is seldom foond In fictiom, however *00d: sad no ooe can read it without feeling atrengthened and nriled.3-Globe. I vne of the rofeundest tragedies of modern 4xCtataorqL 4Qn, Smi ., 1 5. 66 b J
MOXYBY-MARKBTa?ndCITYINTELLIGRNG. Tuesday Evening. The quotation of gold at ParIs is about 5 per mile premium2t, and the short exahange on London Is 26523 per 11. sterling. On comparing these rates with the English Mint price of 31. 17B. 10id. per ounce for etandard gold it appears that gold is nearly 4-10ths per cent. dearer in Paris than in London. By advices from Hamburg the price of gold is 424 per mark, and the short exohange on London is 13A4 per 11. sterling. Standard gold at the English Mint price is therefore about 3-lOths per cent. dearer Iin Hamburg than in London. The course of exchange at New York on London for bills at 60 days' sight is about 108 per cent., which, when compared with the MTint par 'oetween the two countries, shows that the exchange is against England; but, after making allowance for charges of transport and difference of interest, the present rate leaves no profit on the transmission of gold either way between the two countries. The funds opened to-day at the steady quotations of last evening, but subsequently experienced a decline of an eighth, from which there was no recovery until after regular hours, when a sudden improvement occurred of three-eighths per cent. The flatness in the early part of the day was consequent upon the additional details from India in the second edition of the papers, altbough it is difficult to see anv reason for their being regarded upon the whole as unsatisfactory. As respects the operations before Delhi and the prospect of an early assault, they seem calculated to beget great confidence, while, in relation to the question of the relief of Lucknow, they scarcely add to the previous cauwes for anxiety, since, notwithstanding the description of the enormous strength of the insurgent army in Oude, they warrant a bope that adequate reinforcements would reach General Havelock on the 2d of September, to enable hiin to resume his advance, which may. still have been in time, the last accounts from the garrison stating that at some date subsequent to the 22d of July they had succeeded in obtaining additional supplies of food. Probably the announcement which chiefly affected the market was that with regard to the want of funds in the Punjab, and the fall of 3 per cent. in the price of Government securities at Calcutta. The rebound after official hours was owing to a statement that fresh particulars have been received to the effect that Delhi had been surrounded by General Wilson since the arrival of the reinforcements under General Nicholson, that General Neil had routed a large body of iusurgents near Cawnpore, and that General Havelock had succeeded in reaching Lucknow. The latter portion, however, as no dates were given, was received with distrust. Consols for money were first quoted 90 to i. They then went to 89i for money, and 90 to t for the account, but the E final bargains for the account were at 90i to J. India Stock closed at 209 to 211; New Three per Cents., 89i to J ex. dividend; India Bonds 25s. to 17s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 10s. to 5s. discount. The rate for loans in the Stock-Exchange to-day remained at 5 to 5i per cent., but in the discountImarket and at the Bank the demand was greater than at any time during the past two or three months. The Vectis arrived at Marseilles with the Calcutta and China mails to-day at 1 p.m., and the mails would leave for London at 10 p.m. They may therefore be looked for on Thursday morning. The Bombay mails will probably arrive to-morrow. The next telegraphic despatches from India may be expected on Monday, the 12th of October. In the foreign stock-market a moderate amount of business has been transacted, and prices show greater firmness. Brazilian F"ive per Cents. were negotiated at 1011 ; ditto, 1829 and 1839, 101; the Four-and-a-Half per Cents., 96i; Granada New Active, 2L; Mexican, 21k and 21; Sardinian 891 ; Turkish Six per Cents., 94k, 95&, and k ; ditto, for the account, 95f; and Dutch Two- and-a-Half per Ceuts., 65k. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates generally were a shade higher than last post. The final quotation of the French Three per Cents. on the Paris Bourse this evening was 68f. 1 15c. for both money and account, showing an improvement of i oer cent.. The commnercial accounts from Bombay appear to indicate an improvement in the demand for manxufactured goods as well as in the shipments of pro. duce, and the rate of exchange had become less unfavourable for England to the extent of 1i per cent. At Calcutta, on the other hand, there had been an adverse movement of 1 per cent. At Shanghai there had, apparently, been a decline of about 2 ptr cent., which wiiU have a further considerable effect in checking the drain to China. The Hongkong rate remains without alteration. The exports of tea to date were 4,400,0001b., and of silk 6,500 bal-s. From the decision of Vice-ChanceUor Wood in the case of the London and Eastern Bankiing Corporation it appears that the directors of that concern, who squandered for their own personal uses the whole of its capital, and deceived the shareholders by false reports and fictitious dividends, are likely to escape all punishment. Looking at the inferior case of the Royal British Bank, and the keenness with which each of the directors in that instance is being caUed to account, the example on one side and the escape on the other, instead of diminishing future offences, must lead to the conclusion that the field of dishonest speculation is perfectly safe for every adventurer with a certain amount of legal subtlety, and that the penalties -which fall on the clumny and half involuntary rogue will impart a zest to the career of the more skilled professor, ,who sees him stumbling in a competition upon which he should never have presumed to enter. The London and Eastern directors adroitly contrived to prevent a public exposiire of their acts until they had mnade an arrangement with a powerful institution to take charge of their liabilities in a mauner that would lessen the ruiinous costs of an ordinary winding up. They could thus say to the shareholders, " We have misappropriated every farthing of your paid-up capital of 25u,0001., and have incurred debts which will perhaps demand 250,0001. n addition. But you have a few assets which may diminish the loss, and the realization of thesewiU be jeopardized unless it is conducted by an experienced establishment in goodceredit,capableof sustaining youagainstthe sacrilice of a forced sale. Take your choice therefore. Disturb tkis arrangement by bringing the affair into the law courts, and, instead of recovering perhaps 200,0001. out of your 500,0001., you will lose nearly the whole. Moreover, if you attempt litigation we will oppose you with the same weapon at every step. As for public duty and so forth, we are not afraid you will resolve to become martyrs on that score. At best you would punish yourselves more than Us, and society would gain very little by such a process." Who could doubt the result The shareholders wisely resolve not to nal-e bad worse, and, this decision being, with two exceptions, unanimous, the Vice-Chancellor naturally recognizes them bo be the best judges of their own interests, and refuses to overrule their wish. Colonel Waugh, Mr. Stephens, and their associates may consequently rest secure, gaiaing, perhaps, even the thanks of the shareholders if they will condescend to assist the liquidation by an occasional scrap of information. It is true the Vice-Chancellor seemed to hint they may still be brought within the arm of the law, but the mode is not explained, and where is the person likely to move further in the matter? The case, therefore, as far as its criminal aspect is concerned, must, it is to be feared, be considered at an end. In this commercial country, which has the reputation among foreigners of sacrificing every other consideration to that of the rights of property, the law is more dreaded than the plunderer and, all the energies of the victim are exercised that he may be allowed to put up quietly with his misfortune. At a meeting of the Linares Lead Mining Company this afternoon, Mr. W. Warne in the chair, the report and accounts were adopted, and a dividend was declared of Os. 8d. per share. The profits for the half-year ending June 30 ehow a considerable increase, and the directors have therefore invested one-tenth, or 1,2321., in Consols, to form the nucleus of a reserve fund. The rapid diminution of the brushwood of the country, hitherto used as fuel, obliges the company to erect smelting-works at Cordova, where coal can be more easily procured. It was stated in the course of the proceedings that the railway now being constructed between Seville and Cordova will be opened halfway before the end of the year. The Bankers' Magazi2e furnishes the returns of circulation of the private and joint-stock banks in England and Wales for the four weeks ending the 29th of August, and giYes the following an the Pvvc- age weekly circulation of those banks during the past month, viz.:- Private banks ... ... £3,466,312 Joint-stock banks ... ... 2,900,776 Average weekly circulation ... £6,367,087 On comparing the above with the amounts of the fixed issues the folowing appears to be the comparative atato of the circulation:- The private banks are below theirfixedissue £991,095 The joint-stock banks are below their fixed isue. ... ... 401,582 Total below the fixed issue ...£1,392,677 The returns of circulation of the Irish and Scotch banks for the four weeks ending the 29th of August, whenl added together, give the following as the average weekly circulation of these banks during the past month, viz.: Average circulation of the Irish banks .... £6,224,810 Average circulation of the Scotch banks ... 3,932,997 Average circulation during past month ... £10,157,807 On comparing the above with the fixed issues of the several banks, as given in the Bankig A lmanac) the following appears to be the state of the circulation:- The Trish banks are below thelr fixed issue ... £129,684 The Scotch banks are above their fixed issue ... 845,788 Total above the fixed Issue ... ... ... £716,104. The amounts of gold and silver held at the head offceas of the several banks during the past month have been as follows:- Gold and silver held by the Irish bauks *. 22,215,415 Gold and silver held by the Scotch banks .. 1,576,011 Total of gold and silver held ... ... 3,821,426 The above statements complete the retums of the ciroulation in England, Scotland, and Ireland for the month ending the 29th of August, and these, combined with the average circulation of the Bank of England for the same period, will give the following results of the circulation of notes in the United Kingdom when compared with the previoua month:- showing a decreass of 682,4491. In the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 950,8241. in the circulation of the United Kingdom, when compared with the month ending the 1st of August. And, as compared with the month ending the 30th of August, 1856, the above returns shovv a decrease of 808,8871. in the circulation of notes in England, and a decrease of 634,3581. In the circulation of the UJnited Kingdom. The average stock of bullion held by the Bank of England in both departments during the month ending the 29th of August was 11,318,6951., being a decrease of 283,3911. as compred with the previous month, and a decrease of 1X124,7636 when compared with the same period last year. The stock of specie held by the Scotch and Irl banks during the montn ending the 29th of August wss 3,821,4261., being a decrease of 38,351. as compared with the previous return, and an increase of 9,1251. when compared with the corresponding period last year.
THE NATIONAL DEBT. (From the Lond,n Ga2ei of Tuesday, Sept. 29.) The -Lords Commissioners of Rer Majeat?'s Treasury having certified to the Commisioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, in pursuaone of the Act 10th of George IV., cap 27, sec. 1, that the actuLal surplus revenue of the united rngdom of Great Britain and Ireland, beyond the actual expenditure thereof, for the year ended the .30th day of June, 1857, amotuted to the sum of 311,11the 6s. d.; The Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt hereby give notioe, that the .um of 77.77710 16s. 7d., e-fourth part of the said surplus of 311,111. Gn d., wil b applied, under the provisiona of the said Act, between the Ist day of October, 1857, and the 31st day of December, 1857, to the following jmrposes, viz. To be applied towards the reduction of the National Debt-£ .. .. 77,777 16 7 And interest receivable on account of dona-: tions and bequests, to be applied to the purchase of stock... .. .. .. 3,270 2 6 Total £81.. .. . ..a,047 19 1 A. Y. SPEARMAN, Comptroller-General. National Debt-office, Sept. 2G.
TRADZ REPORT. Tuesday Fvening. TALLOW. -The market bas been fat, 57s. Gd. is aceepted for the month, and the same prlce for the last three months' delivery. TiA.-Tbe sales to-day comprised 18,881 packages, of which 4,914 packages were conqou, 500 scented caper, 200 oolong, 36 souchong, 220 twankay, 300 hyson, 285 young hyson, 1,211 gunpowder, and about 11,000 junk tea, and the remainder assorted. The bulk sold consisted chiefly of the junk tea, nearly all of which was disposed of. Pouohong from lld. to Is. 6d., and caper at 10d. per lb. The sale passed generaUy with spirit at full prices. SUGAR.-The sales of West India amount to 1,103 hog-s heads, including about 500 st auction of various linds, at tbe following rates :-Barbadoes, low to fine yellow, 47s. to 5&s.; browrns, 43s. to 46s. 6L; Jamaica, gray and yeuow, 46s. nd. to 51s. 6d.; brown, 46g. to 4s. Gd.; Granada, low and middling yellow, 47s. to 49s. ; brown, 42s. to 46s. 6d. ; Tobago, Antigua, and St. Vincent's, 44s. 6d. to 49s. per cwt. The 2,744 bags Mauritins were disposed of,-brown, 42s. to 43s., low to good yellov, 48s. to 52s.; but only a portion of t&e 3,291 bags Bengal found buyers. Cassipore at 56s. 6d. to 58s. for middling to goocl yellow, and syrups at 56s. 6d. to 55s. Gurputta dates at 56s, 6d. for fine, 53s. to 53s. 6d. for middling, and 46s. to 46s. 6d. for low soft yellow; 487 bags grainy Madra brought 57's. to 58s. for good bright grocery; and 32 casks,100 bapg Ceylon,-brown, 4-s. 6d.; low to good yellow, 49s. to 52s. The market on the whole is quiet and easier for the lower sorts. COFFE. -Today'sf aactions were large-viz., 442 casks, 1,730 bags. and 3. barrels plantation, 600 bags native Ceylon, 1,368 bags Eas' India, and 3,348 bags Rio coffee. The Brazil and native were bought in, the former at 49s. to 51g., but the plantation snld steadily at previous rates, and the East India at 663. to 70s.; small pale to fine fine ordinaary, 81s. to 93s. 6d. for Cannon's Mysore, and 78s. to 85s. for Munzerabad. A floating Brazil cargo, 4,200 bags, has been sold for Hamburg at48s. 3d. per owt. RICE.-The market has been excited, particularly yester. day, when upwards of 50,000bags were estimated to have changed bands ; the transactions to-day have not been on quite so large ascale-from 20,000to30,000 baga.-but prices show an advance-viz., Bengal, at 1ls. 6d. to 12s. 6d. low nmiddling broken to middling; Madras pinky, 1ls. 6d. to l13 7A., and afloat, 12s. lauded. In cleaned rice there has been a large business done. SALTPETRE.-1,250 bags Bengal at auction werce chiefly -old,-11. per cent. refrsction, 58s. 6d. to 59s. ; 15 percent, 58s. to 58. 6d. ; and 7. per cent., privately, 61s. 6d. ; 80 tons on arrival reported at 65s. per cwt. COCRIINEAL.-148 bags in public sale to-day were chiefly bought in at the previous prices, the few lots sold going about Id. cheaper; 114 bags Honduras silver ordinary to good, 4s. Id. to 4s. 9d.; 310 bags ditto black ordinary to good, 4s. 4d. to Bs. 7d.; 6 bags Teneriffe black, 4s. 4d; to 6s. 4d.; and five bags Mexioan silver, 4s. 4d. to 4s. 5d. per lb. SAFTLO-wER.-38 bales of low and ordinary quality sold rather cheaper, at 141. to 191. 5s. per cwt. LEATHIER AND HIDEs.-The supply of fresh leather at Lpadenhall to-day was small. Crops and English butts continue in active request, also dressing hides and sbaved hides at fully late prices. There was a good demand for kips and skins of all averages, but in heavy butts, horse hides, sboulders, and offal the sales were not extensive. Market hides are in raoderate supply at about former rates.
RAILWP.AY AND MtINa SHARBR - The railway-market has bcen sTuesday Evening. descriptions the partial recovery of yesterday evening has been fully maintained. On the other handj South-Easters show a further decline. n imp rovement of 10s. occurred in East Indian; Great Western of Canada were also slightly higher, while a reduction took place in Geelong and Melbourne. In French shares there was a general advance. In American, Illinois Central shares improved, and New York Central showed more weakness. The dealings in mines have been rather numerous, the chief fluctuation being a fall in Alfred Consols and West Basset. The favourable nature of the directors' report, and the increased dividend declared at this day's meeting, caused an advance in Linares. In joint-stock banks there was no alteration. A limited amount of business only was transacted in miecellaneous securities; Peel River and Van Diemen's Land declined, while a Small improvement took place in National Discount. London General Omnibus Company were in demand to close speculative accounts. ORDINARY SHARmES AND EOOKR AliMon & Oldh&n. 140 Kennet and AvoN el Pochdalg, go BiCmlngbam9 Sh 9 Leedz & YAVOr0ool, 490 toubrbadge, 510 Coventry, l.: 5 Lelgster & 'pton, 1.3 Warvo & Napt, 19 Regent'r, If Woineem & larm., 191 WATERWORKS. Berlin, 5 Eset 1,ondon, 5 p. et. LAmibeth, 9s Eot Loindon, 10 li pref., 2° Wegd M dldex, go BRIDGX8. Hum:gerford. 61 Vamxhall, 17i London, 598 St. katbarlne, 90j GASLIGHT AXD COKE COMPA1I. Belghbon. 14* Iumperal Niew, 22 Weetminutw0hv., 52 City ct Lond,n .5 London Par. Prot, 86 :Ditto, No . 10l 43reat Central, 1II Pl2Oenhx, 47 Weotern. A. 79 ImDerisl, 75 S'rrey Oons., 101 INSURA'CE COMTAXIB9. Alblon, 95 Oourty, 84j London, 33 Alila-co, Brit. & Por., Ewgle. 7 Marine, 75 1&e 17 Globe, -D Pelican, 50 Do., Marine, 42 Gioardian, 493 Phomix. 167 ABtlaus 1CJ InperialLife, 19 Itoyal Exchan 2 Drtlsh Commercial, 51 Indemnity X,iiw., 130 Union, 800
[Adverti-senent.)-An Atlesgratiwiththe IDIjpatoh.1 On nud After 8unday, Oetob" 4. IBS7, eh eoDs of tho "Dispatch" wii be accompanied with a coloured 3map, a cbart, or the plan ot a prun cipal town. AS aa to urnisb to each suberiber. gati, a rmost oompro. hensive, complete, ard useful Atlae The size of the engravtngs will be that of one page of the newspaper. Six mara and two plans,lu each yar, WiU be of double theMm, It ibhoped, tu the corae ot a short time, that the " Dispatch Atlas' wvil contain moro namn.s and poltiona of plaoes than any othcr English publication of the ldnd. The counties will be Oven stravately, and, wbere Iorgc, divided. Wlthin the first four monthe, InDia ViU he muore aourstely and complotely delineated, In a series of nine map3, thsn ih auy British Atlas The names of the artist will be the behs guarantee for perfect accuracy. The engravings will be in the higbest style of art. insolving a cost ot many thonatda of Dounds& Ifoehanics' institutee educaRonas establibmsenre, hotels, reailng-rooms, and coffeehouses will, In newAng the " Dispath Atla" be supplied witb A d.ily want. The "Dispatch Atlai will he forwarded ratis it the paper at the anaI pe or y, Dr 6d. tDped. The Frida evening editioun may D0 raCOciv In tb most iit3, parts of the dom oi Patoda:y %mo ing,.Offie, 139, Fleol-strfett Londou.
BArILWAY IYrN&MELMCAZ. LOWTOFr AND BRWT,RR The half-yearly meeting of this compay. wag held on Batuarda at Lowestoft ; r. B. Leathea in tho chair. The Secretary read the report, which ttated that the directors had approved the terms proposed by the Eastern Counties CompiAny for worldngthe traffic on the line, and had autborized the preparation of an agreement fto tarryig the same into effect. Thearrangement was not to prejudice tle proviionls agreements already entered into between Sir IL Peto and the company, A third call of 21. per share had just been made to enable the contractor to proceet with the woiks. The whole of the land requtred for the line was parchssed, and the works were progressing. The directors felt confident that the line would be completed and opened at the 8rsne time as the kP,st Saffolk Railway. The scOounts Ehowed thst 6,4911. hd been received to the 30th of Jane, and 6,3821. expended, leaving a banos of 1091. On the motion of tho CHAIBMAN, the report was adopted, Xr. J. Peto and hIr. Leathei the retiring direwAors, were reelocted- and Ur C Welton ras elected *uditor in the room of daptain Andrews. The directors were authorized to raise 23 ,0001. on debentares. The ptoceedings concladed with vote of thanks to Sir Morton Peto for the satlAfa4ory mnanner in which he wai executing the works, and to the directors for their attention to the intereshs of the company. BIrEDPORT. The report of the directora of this company congratulates the shareholders on the near and cerbain completion of ths railway. The line would probably be opened in the come of a few days. The cost of the line had considerably exceeded the original estimate, but it was hoped that the ultimate development of the trAffio would produce to the share. holders a fair return for their outlay. The directors with that view would to the utmost of their power enforoe a prudent economy in working and managing the ltne. The chairman, deputy-chairman, and Mr. Legg, were th. three directors of the Bridport board who, with the thnrea directors of the Great Wetern Railway Company, would constitate tho joint traffio committee for the immediate magement of the line under the agreement with the Great Western Railway Company. The agroement had been already approved by the shareholders of both compaLies. Of the 62,9801 capital called up the arrears of calls amount only to 3781. The whole of the capital of the company woua be required, ant thedirectorsurged theneoessity of having the unappropriated shares taken up by theshareholders. The report of Mr. HL J Wylie, tho enar stated that the permanent wary would be finished br fe ecd of September, sO as to allow of an engine being run over the wholelength from the junction at Maiden Newton to Newportw and as eoon as that '-rae done the final notice for openmng the line for traffic would be given tothe Board of Trade. The works generaly were int a satisfactory condition. LIMERICK AND FOYNES. The half-yearly meeting of this com yany was held on Fsi Limerick; Lieutenant-Colonel Dickson presided. r. CARROLL, the sweretary, read the report, which stated that the line would be opened to Foynes early in Ootober. The traffic receipta for the half-year ending 30th of Juno last amounted to 2,4541, and the working expenses to 1,504f., leaving a surplus of 950L, subject to some deduction for the use of the station of the Waterford and Limerick Railway Company. The scond section of the line from Rathkeale to Askeaton was opened for traffio on the 17th of June hlst, and the directors confidently hope that when the line is opened throughout the undertaking will not only. be advantageous to the publio but remunerative to the shareholders. The directors regret that the line could not be opened throughout in time to secure the full advantage of the summer traffic to and from Kilkee; but they have made arrangements for a steamer to ply between Foynes and Kilrush on the completion of the railway without any expense or rsk to the company. Public conveyances are to run between Foynes and Tralee immediately on the opening of the line. The report of Mr. W. R. Le Fanu, the enClneer, stated that the whole of the works on the line to roynes were now oompleted, and that the railway could be opened throughout for public traffic the first week in Ocober. The works and permanent way of the portion of the line in operation fronm to Askeaton had been maintained in good order. The viaduct across the Robertstown estuary, 320 feet in lngth, had been very well executed, and was creditable to the contractor. The COAR ANs having moved the adoption of the report, Lord MoNTsx&Gu seconded the motion, and in doing so adverted to the trial trip over the viaduct, in which the vibration was very slight, and the deflection less than half a inch. He also pointed out the advantages that would be derived from various sources of traffic on the line, which he thought could not fail to be remunerati ve The report was then adopted, 250L was-voted to the directors for their servioes, Mr. . ngli was appointed to examine the accounts, there being no shareholder sufriciently qualifed to act as auditor, the qualification bein 40 shars A vote of thanks to the chirman terminated the procoedings. TRAF.IC RETURNS. blues Pa.- mer- Total Tots Ealiwars Open. .eer,ws elandize, 157 185. Weeok endng Sept. 2G. Soutb-74Rtecn- .--. 23O. 52 GiaWow and South-Western _ ' - .. = - 6,990 ., 6,772 Week endlng 8ept. 27. Great Luxemburv ..- .. 38 - - 15 E837 lut4a and WinderTmrn - 335 33 SS 36 S
STATE OP TR4 DE. ANCEHESTER, SEPT. 29. There has been rather mnore bueinss in cloths fited tfo India and China. The sales for China have been of rather considerable extent, and seUers have been able to realize fully late quotationg. For cloths sultable to the home trade and for most other fabrics the demand has been on a limited scale, but there is no quotable change in prices The yarn-market is still very quiet, and to efrest asais spinners would have had to make fully ad per lb conoession in pricc; but, generally speakcing, they are well supplied with orders and stocob being low, they are not Inniting busineas in the present inactive state of the rnarket. These remarks apply to yarn s for foreign as well a homoe demand. Messr. John Slagg and Co. report- Tche oat,' chaugs ;o notice to the m arlet sin¢c Tn¢,sy la st ha somewhat lmpro,d demandv f r IDdi and Chios od,espec=taly h letter, aod a fair demand ot bana,ez has been done in themn at fnal quotations. In other respects the demanld continues OD a much re. srioled aclc, bat prices for a I kind are 6irml4 malntalneV' Messrs Gcorgc E'raser, Son, and Co. report- ' There is de3idcdW1 A flat cetrke. We retatn omr former quotatons. but price, are generally in favour ct the bnyor.' LEE1DS, SErr. 29. The vvoollen cloth markets have presented no particular feature of change this morning. There was about the average attendance of buyers, wvho purchased hut sparingly The news3 fromn India. being neither better nor wrorse than the public had been led to anticipate, has had no effect uporn the market. JDDERSFIE5D, S .SM. 29. The m arket was of abot the same chpracter as last reek. Thin grays, for mantles, were to-day the leading articles Lov goods quiet. of steels, fair sles. In cotton tronserlags less doing than last week, and fancies generally in le demand. In wool little variation in prices, and little doing.
THE CORN TRADB. - - - - LIYERPoXL, 6nw?. 2a. .,.s m e.:s,oyu RaOnaw56ase duug tbo pOAt week have bee fair of Oatmeal, bat otherwise light, From to rein prts we haTe re,-elred 11,413 quarters of waeat, 3.725 quarte.rs ofna,224 quarters of bhn9 5.95 quartera of Indiau oDrn. 210 aof oand 2.2724 barrex of laoor, and from Osnada tNO quarters ot wheat and 3 514 barels of floor. The exportain he samettime oom rieeL751quarten of wheat, 519 quarters of oats, 2,411 quarters of Inian cam. 5 24Z aacks and 1.070 barrels of floor. There bha been a *ety quiet trade of lat; howe"ver, ineo the arrirat of the last Arnerican maQil brincine adTioes of a raUy in the Americn market, there has been more finmnear observable on the part of holder. The .eather hIs become fine and ool after some Tory heavy rain on DuDdry. At this day's market there was a tair atten4dare of the town and ountry tradei h-wever only a small basituer was done in wheat vt abrut Friday's price. or 2d. per 701h. deoiUD o0 the week On Old and forein. rad i to 4d per 4ltn. on new Irhb. otf wbicb a conderable quantity still reranus on tne msartet omsold. Floor met with a fair sale as full rhee for Americaun atd IL. Per *aot reduction oa new Irish siesm Tuesiay la,t. Ots and oatmeal were again easier to buy. and prices or the former artisl- range froum 3-. 4d to 4a per 451b.. x2d of the litter f,om 3fs. 6d. to 34L. d. per load Barley and beans stil contluno saleable in retail as late rates, Rnd pemr were vort rathor more money. Ind canem rnmet with a slow smle, ard 37s. 6d. pe quarter for prime Gt3alz yellow and Armerican miord. L.}EDS 8r;rr. 29. Wheat fully supportz the prioes of lat week. The suply of fit, barley is smalt, and the value iunaltered ; bht Inferior quali es are I perquarter iower. No alterazionin the prieroof ats and bea A.P.RIvAI SINCE TBIS DAY WIXEB_
SERIOUS CHARGE AGA-NST A J OC1YY.-WjaM Bryan Iwas charged before the Monmouth magistrate3 on Satnrday, by Mtr. Evans, the owner of Van Eyck, "for that he did maliciously set on fire the box or stall which contained Van Eyck, for the purpose of injuring the horse." Bryau rode Blue Bell for Mr. Evanr at the Chippenham Stakes, and during the race his leg came ia contact rith one of the flagstaffs, which dismounted him, and placed the mare hors dc combra. On Bryan applying for his fee on Friday night, hIr. Evans, thinking that through the boy's carelessness his mare had lost the race, refused to give him anything, upon which, it is alleged, Bryan remarked, *' Then I wliU do something for you." Bryan and a lad named Walley had the chare of Mr. Southby's borses, Leo and Cara Fatima. Thea horses were located at the Angel, as were Van Eyck and Blue BelL All four horses vrere in adjoining boxes. Mr. Southby's were separated from Mr. Ev ns bb a strong partition, with a gangway through, but which was stopped up by an old nailed-up door, at the top and bottom and at tho side of which were apertures. Bryan and Walley got up early on Saturday morning to prepare thefr horses for the journey homevards, and used a candle in the stable, as it was dark. As Walley, according to his statement on oath, was leading his mare, Cara Fatima, out of the stable, Bryan called his attention to afire in the et box-Van Eyck's--and he went and looked through the crevices and saw the stable in fdames. The hoys did not give any alarm, but proceeded to make their escape,with their horses, from theimpending danger. Immediately afterwards one of the horsekeepers of the establishment discovered the fire, gave the alarm, broke open the door, and then saw Van Eyck in the midst of the fire wVhich was raging fearfully around him, from his hind heels to his nostrils. The horse was rescued as soon as possible. Nothing but circumstantial evidence was adduced, the strongest point being the threat to Mr. Bvans. The horse Is not expected to survive many days. The boys departed with their horses, but from the suspicionsness of the affair apoliceman was sent after them, and brought them back. Bryau was committed to take his trial at the next aizes, but the magistrates offered to take bail for his appearance to the amount of 2001. for himself1 and twq sureties of 104 O eabc,-GN
WMAREHOUSES, with CRANE, to be LET, near Aldgate. APDIyto Scott and Oomba, 25, Buckimesbury. EXTENSIE MANUFACTURING PREMISES .to be LET, nea r teet-atreet; in laIts or othencel. Apy'y to ladr. Chas. hM'Lean, 78, F'leet-street, FISHMIONGERR' and POULTRY BUSINESS A for DIP w theipoving wstacepswot Weymouth. e antu4 of o=nd-tre, Fartingdo-Lre oty. A SWIS8 (EiET,FUrMisliedt to be 1ET, -ner Evwad'aXts'z BFaton taUwy.Iere sitting rooma, lo t:,hBouae,gbtUg,geren,&o App!y to JIr. A. Cox 1¶OR DISPOSAL, a first-class, west-end BERLIN . WOOI, and GENIIERA FANOY BUdINLm, situate in a leading thosouzghtare. The counexion is entely smong the higher claes, and thet proSte are 1ge. Could be manaed by alady. Apply to ED10A.CL-Forirnmediate DISPOSAL, bgrale or paenrshp, a good preescribiag RETAIL, retrning nearly £400 per yer: would suit either a turgeon or cohmisl This is a tons nde wconernand wMllbear the ztrintert incesttgation. Address Mr. Lake, 9. Hish-street Newlngton.butt., tlJURNISH ID HaOUaSE to be LET, in the neighF bowrhood of Weeboaurne-terrace for 6 or 12 montbhs consnoIng of dining and drawing rooms, four good bed rooms, and Canal servantsi ofbices. Terms. 24 guineas per wee,. For further Darticula apply at 4, D6lame-streer, Uppe. Weutbourne-terrace. T s DRALER-Wesi-W. H. Johnson is in- strmcted to LET; proprietor bas uccesuoetly oarried on 16 yesrs, rent; posesIono 200 guIneas, Apply before 3, at 17, Camomle-etreet, obhopugate, ana 78. Connaught-terrace, Hyde-park. CORNERALE and STOUT HOUSE, iIlngton.- SW. g=~l a ou u. tioneer, has to offer, under urgent clretum stauces. Subtantial trae proved, Ren,-32. let £13. Can be exteuded. Prioe £75 Particulans before S, at 17, 04momile-street, laobopegate, or 78, Connaught-terrace. Hyde-park. ArAIDROBE BUSINESS.-W. H. Johnson has Yto LET this proStable affsir. sealtzing a handsome living; been in snyen years; Cannot faU of s.ving mnoney. Honse. low rent; prioe mno-erate. Apply before 3, a, 17, Camonoile-otreel, Blohopogate, or, before 7, at 78, Connaught-terrace, Hyde-park. ILLINEBRS.-Splendid Situation, near Sussen.tVI gardens, Hyde-park; £15.-W. H. Johno-Ha been suoces-. filly carn n1 eame Au Introduction given to the connexion. }lone low-irented, Gnog to Australia. Apply at the auctIoueers, beore 3. at 17. Canomle-atreet, Bishopsgate, or 78, Oomlaglht-ter. r's.-v. Hyde-park, .JOUSE, Furnished -2, Brl's-terrace, Kensington. ti Rent It guineas by the year; SO for six months. Two drawing roosenwthfoling doors, twodfIng ditto, six bed rooma. dresdug voosas do. Holland-par, In front, and large Pleasure grounds in the reas-. Owner ordere on sosrvine, _ EO S - Compact ESTATE of 34 HOUSES can be had a AbargaCo,acd £1,000 wiU put a buyer in poetesson;, the balanoe n-sn remain without any mortange. Aappcatlion to be made, either on Thwsaeday or Frisday. at 6, Hicmonsiterrace, Londeo-ro&d, Southwark. M1REHOLD GROUiND, in Westsninster.-To be i'SLD, at a very low prioe, a PLOT of FRUEELOLD GROUND. imiltable for the eyectan of a manuf actory or ether purgoases, haina p a rtltJ u l~~~Fr artclrs an VIXo frontage of 110 feet and a depth of 104 feet. Ie atrlr n pIDe apply to J. Wilkinson and Son, bidilders, Earl-street, Wesminster, Moe. tR13:WEStY Burton-upon-Trent.To be LET, a Jl0-quarter B EWRY withl plant. offices, and budings as late isa the occupatlon of Mossr. Wyllies. For patclrapytor. Meatin, A boet' Bromlery; My. Thomas Spoe.laud agent;odr Blesors. Bichardson xand Small, all of Burton-upon-Trent. BAKERBS, Bicuit l4akers, and others.-A BUSI- JNY8to be DISPOSE:D OF. Present trade £2,000 per an4num. Can2 h, eadily incrensed by a men ef business hbsits. Coming-in very mZoderat F;o t plant ad Sxttsrec. Apply to Mir. Owens, Mesers. h;ughes 71 Eo PAY nearly TEN per C1ENT.- For SALE, SIX aL. newly built LEASEfBOLD HOUSES, held for 94f years, and let to nnul tnans, roucig anetrenal l 117 per annum; or will so t,ldin alre t"thedgrocnud rennts being apportioned on every two hlot-eos, tApply to Meso. Child and Son, solIcItors, 62, Cannon-8treet, (OUNTRY COTTAGE,-Tobe LET Furnishe a detached COTTAGE, delightUlly situate one male from the Townp er Gravesend. Contains four bed rooms, two sittng rooms, two lIdtchens - large garden and orchr.Tms ttl ac,is e ek Addroes D, at Mr. J. Frme ewspaper-ole, 1. Booburyrmce Commnercial-road Caat. g[5URNISHED HOUISE to be LET, i a delightful F dd bealthy situation, containing drawing room, breakfas parr four eood bed rooms, kitchen, to r a Warden. WIthin a few minutes' walk O?ala tton fltt desirAble trauat the renit wiU be very Indrt.Ades .N,pe otlcs, New-cross, orjine ht srtly HIEO OSb n hnIpovn r;-ghbourhotd cf Westhourne-paHrk,of th ab01inZ2nua alue ofnD£s55or 5d1 eah,to-therd hofteprhemoyma remanon mrgg and a puchacer mAh th a er -aIness.appObly oMu Twr,hu&aen.3 Ihpsra,Pd A TOBACCONS1ST'g (To G;ontleonon's Servants and z Srnal MIANU A TRING BUIES ob D3 I PObELD , on aiscoinerytf pltnt, re.,sen roeetorlng anoin Themhwusehinrdilightfullctuituate, d artgofmtheouselewtthouldpovp te ent os an coadtforverygines, ncudin giu al toc an fitue,engevrthn sv-mea,uVdin testrade. Fior pcicuae apyst2,.fOdtrao Xlnt'.'-IoAL.-s unoppoed C A Small MAJSNUFACTURINGBSINSSt bereen TISCOSEi oa UXFUmach ISHEie , 45 , in gord andnerl new. Ith artile manufcureIsoxlre n oofnce ItigA oo mtionanwihgoprft, and can beine a ml c1tontaEel anstrueen gien oapucaer odaneaisatr drsons given or pr tingwihtese,Ades.B,gaeoMr streeea., ine-stret.aEmeies,rah oLTo PMaom tIe, ina pev snte for - - n a e t,. TheSIpremises affor s aut n Great Tibielesfromeendxon bystril, I for rdybe-just bexen inoderzecel ls Dtoin an toro agente f of urtberpprtiularsan an itrodauction tod agodenyofceayThe red-turnsex-, W,.ddreee andl161, Ar. banltey't, Albet`DrkHtl,2, N.CuItoFn-eur's, ,. JJA8ftG~R wit goo retil pactievatcery situmoate ona ls-sed:ng thoroughfare and densely porslated nelghbonrhuoosa, doing AltO er anum uwardn,nS.the Johnly re ,3asnfrth Haprrstear a siingto ispse f ~latemeallbon.A 1ide one erntIshaugving a uiitr nl-puintinent, Rnt,a £4, Lettinglode£4 onfushe pers o4, nfurIshpdt, Address A. B., Generalvdpot hf ares Company4 Aleregs A-.tbeet UiiRIR BUSINESSPR EMIS ES, near-Th Rege-rnt. 3 street- essrs.Kemp areontinue to LIT on LmaeAs an doth In the rear, and eve' ry.-oonveenc fee tares-eg onanoe,teoivtae. 1h:remime arc situa te ie t Dhfedtirch , Ofor d-street ad, b,b Vurhe patiulrs t he ucoo an aenc ofieawrs, 37. udd-treet W(~ an 11, lbny-irst,Regnts-prk NSH(Ate P atl28r' Ol. GSTALnANhWISTERECLIMPTE.-SoightDegonh- Tob LEst,c Garblhesm a e coomfedrThbe ghn cIstuentpiriudl, ,antrianly situate byethe sba, wth1ugacresbofy.pleasurfe gruns andth r,- eati mand eoseveree ae p ofu exTruemseobedt. o Set0r on r eds a largce or stma-llsablihmn t,eRentabiou £320ayear t4 he&lad.e 1ard pa3ingmgord-tenets,&n,odL troews , s, Is. dWeh Rea., poet-fie, MJRONISPHE RICUNF TAROASHEDHOUTE,Da tagerxceedihndheght low rent,AinlSt. ohns-oto ad, Conear4lIAmptead ndthe FunurE o beANTdIsONSeofa It stheands,WAtddfreSALE.,o A~p yet4, C Park,ndo-torae 3, Be lb-srook.i , ons-od trA sUsuT .Tem F OnE aROOeTSo, ceBon h ooing'pueabmnaer ]2s. di. per qnrae.-,huee' eaiposg,Negt-street, city..obrgfoWkg IDHWTO,GRAPHiChHlou e APRt US snou ectha d-heaslndid C5 OrLSLE-TwONofsts AcoIlTU,, papefroand dagnrreetp, togfiete Cronpdrtioly, tupripod,bathe, o d hmnh,2 fHotum24nrt c'O-u2pcra.roaud 0eaoust. K, besnsn,ito pOet-noSf e o,e GLASn . thieabe: harftileaforvte, aov purpo. 6dti.prns _rlot, SeeUR Lam, ITo tgrioflforeign ts,3, Clan-eaturerst, "Chg,eTo exeLlec, abouth as Otoaltr an asPATENTo MANRt,at i0vw'rbei ngpoducen dabyooetry. BEADendg he alanePo at 28, ldi s indiatue coldanod cnerueto lysexaacuistedlac and aotrhalfsheproenito iffectd-dehobtained, l i Theyema xJstybed.istwoulvisonbdaut with thecourtilonso f Ro esW te ra Tbvorun ,-of putrccateAdLo don New. of HOST Rin ter S TEREOSCOPE,il citiytn.th I7RotnGmbes S. coloREdT Th ghnd iOS,qit spirimtural, isAterlal obecsts b"ebingisibathrLfe-orkgh hisxbody. dheefecSuareothe -ltance of etIrk-amne-Lortmbdsondoetn.coiRCompesany,l4,hedA,slD. 17 and31, OxfoU;rd-treanodi~GngRsteORIcc orop,isadeach, free.adufe i. setond- and, egt2 feewt, ApplyetohMore onappiaind Co.1, Lttle 1.sse-atree,no, AQ A CU. LiigMrn adFes IOFE ESTtrANIATES and CEYLON,- SevWa erTalk vGaluE6able & C-,tErEQaPLonANT ATI nS In t the b roveIsandd forSALvE, A tonalr h Parko.lrTheat IS,kaib8adroo doock.thIpros L , DTC FLOWy ER ROOT, chaTefolwn IARQUEES and TENTS for SALE or HIRE, at iPL EDG,INGTON and Co.'s. 17. SmIthfield-bae, Ltendon, &C. Miarqueeec for f4ws and evening partiesl,with bearlded f1loor, lined, and 3 ght,'f. cs5nveyed to' any Part Ot theO kIngdomn, Ec8tlmais gIven, Addsress by poet, 1 7 , l itthhieeld-bars, , C . TP( COOPERS snd others.-WANTED, to PUR- T -qASE, two or three 27-bsertl VATS, 51ab a quantity of nearly h3ew I4as- el. Ad dress A x. X otofCeaCam ridge. T0 the BOOT and SHOaE TRADE.-BERNARD PlATENT MACRIEB SOO0T and 815036 COMPANY ILimited) bayInG now omnapletedtheir manufact and having is. hand a large stock of boots an o r pattevaredto, spl hei tadle. They are desirous of receiving propo al ferom ati wuI t sIrsurtake the sale Of the goods. Apply by letery a e u, It sn-13ah-road, Pisulico,te ar T POBREWERS.he OCTUPLE FERRNT.- ,L NG,ClenIn-.Attemperatisag, and Preserving ApP-ApRTUS is - ansfacturLd arud sent on tnIsI ny its inventor and patat,e, W. L t5'IzARD, brw,esegineer, arbteom, and vtbuer, 1oa Mask-line, :. n-don, wiee athe Dioden and meritorious macbine, n. D Iaimnsg to the breweRImay be men. by -eareh taimber noosattldtig of oakpoe and elmin the leg soapln scan J,. COEES and CI., frequently kTown an s silhes looe: nul8s, 30eing f fo in demiand in ehee solceee mecant and^ hils n ze,SLpers r Ifrmedo cthavt HiOG anmdb GEOG arer flb Fi7Ol)lYs ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~Lr InT;X lePRV1D lE om 14 ppRoited eo f te al ofT thdem.util Any oresesatrurD tor dursi cfare wh bue ulyd attnded tho. Tetnr priss an d terms apply ht Rigg o{Jc t~3tsne Gla,, Y 3s.0id.per58,t;indntdandaheetgl, z.a Sashets Ssrcausk £10 per rposAblcomro is. 94.i peir yard. Stametrn otd I~,ge.Inetiages ratis.JNO. AWK~ uile,3 rd-as l,t atrset. and New-cross.~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~b ?I"0D1Y5 PATENT IMP OVE ETLI mftiss)N I,2'TLE DEEDS of MINING PRO. rnar~ -- tb ~unYof COrte, Ireland. Anty paLrty Into wh&so haljK F11YI.- ' fe hore descrption may have f,ellea to requested to F.O&tM M IN I. -aTEtewlboux delay with Mr, Squire, 74, KlngWilhlamstreet, 5%.. JM .Ei: i iAZ IA SIKING FUND.- re i,n Bda of the Five per Cent. L,oans of 18251829. and 1839. ',- tat of October. 87 aul tMas .A Rothschilh a;.. to'-i aal a er.N i Notly, ist :5 er, n. that BONDS of theae LOANS, beseing thte numbers whi -l4rawn by lot on the eat of ApriJ last, wad sdvertired at thatL pes S-dy big Excellency the Imperial BrazUtan Minisaer at tbii Cint t. i" g.ajd oit on the lat of October next, are accrdingly reuire,d to preesuted on Or after that daT to AOMsrs N. 82. Roscilld. a -.. who wIl PAY the Principal thereof and the interest up r..th r, -id let of October, 1857. Nlew-Oours8 i,ts ehlu'elane, September 29, 1857. INMPEWi k% ICRAZILLIAN SINKING FUND To-r the FtVIK- vrENTl' LOANS of 1I21 and 1829, contracted fo, by Me&31,s. B&Z,-t Olv'in Crawfords~, and Co., and Meea. IFletcher, Alexander,. Os ant Mosre. Thomas Wilsn end Co.. in the year 1814, by, t TMesasa. Thomsa Wilsomi and Co. In thme year 1829 - Notice Ieheisy given, that the BONRDS of the above LOANS adveettseh on I. 8th of APril Iast by his Excellency the Commandeur E. T. dIe Car. it.- Nthr..jr, Envoy Exrstroldinary and MinisterPlIeol. poteutfary of Ma N,jesty the Emperor of the Brazlls at Ihis Oourt, at hti . nen IItywit theconrac ofthe Loans, been dra.wn by ot o b et -I atpa entheletof ctoernext, will aocordtngly renatln o 'a. ene, wth he steandagCoupns, tor Mftrrs Alexnder VI.t he, an Co. at heircoonalm.ere, 10,e Ing'ice Arcos-ard, lotes te-steet.the Bonds due belef thre elarny thtthe tArF-VlAfgive DoIVIEND oha the Bondi duew on they inCausef !or Re,pt'iooPz-s onSaud, the 10th of October next, oravrisdb h Ttrclr shs As'r.b%s-or. u-m ornin tlyont03.80 orinted0 foranso thel lit. iasd a tStuda) nboe.-o,d,?z- of11and.3 Inon t reefolwnt patn st pheir datent:a THISDAY,&.t, 18h. Peterbosough; To-rmorrow, Oct. lst, Stam. ford Fr-lay ra Orsthn; Saturday, 3d Spalding; Mcoday. 5th, Bostn; Te-is. t, Lncol; Wednesday, 7th, Newark -Thursday 8thblasie., leila, 0h.Bakewell; BSturday, 10th, Leek. N.b: hsIste 0e1 Aeta Cmpay in England. IWAi)Asi ii TUSSAUD's EXHIBITION at the reretralt ee,0e'r of H-MR.. the It'oless Royal end R.R,H. the Prines Prefirriek William of Prussia ame now added. Admissio is.; extra roomn, 6-'. Open fromi11tilldusk,and from 7 111. BgIllIantly Illuminated in the evening. 0L (' ;AL GARDElNI, gootit's-pairk.ar _______ daily. Adoseaen Is.:on HodaMd 'PH SU ~ FRERSin ND IA. - The proprietor of IHIGH sUR ANbs touanounee that the whole amount of receipts (o 'rlas HSDY Sept. 10, will be vaid over to the CommiteeorCletnFud for the Relief of our Fellow. countrymet t ,el,Greeoen erery day at 4. Dancing comme~nces at afpt h 7 batn kauhad. Admiatlon Is. VORTL'AN ROMS, Foley-street. Portland-place . .-Mir.IIC . S'HERE begs to Inform the etosllty. getry. hisa sub. scrbems, and pupils hris GRANTD OPENING 7UWLDRXffl PALL wil taek c-lac,. TlilIS EVENING, Sept. 80. and the usual Soiree. ewiry Stoiday, WVednesday. and Priay, ts re-deco.t wlheles season. COnductor Mona, LAmote lto Prs ~5Pal cornset.le piston hi olor. orLpnsis vnn u,eszion is. Is OIeNevey ernin Te muica de artmet,indermsthe s the day, is comp The Lance~rsowillhaedance tInet, n,l hatall ettrs rlatrs t ENAGEMNTSfor 'Palls and Quarile lsrtesrhold e adrece tohisresdene,22, Warwick. H~wcas~,Suner aud. DublingItalian Ov~em lcolonsin8, ad Sunderland, from the A t the gh, Duhilo, the 12th.~h B. as tw n hs o Te chol orScandal, and of Mms CaterneSiclirs erorane f ad Tace,TIIS EVENING Sir Benjri akieM utroe rbre sr etr Josephbufc r 'w;CalsSrae r .8aru i Oliver H ttes oe,M lr;tiyTat,Ms ahrn Hlaria, Mc ie fe hc,tecmd fACB O Mr. ildyv d'pone lvr.Ooluigwt HE SWvISS COTTAGEOnTuea,Ot1,ade id, the comedy of The Wonder. itlat(fettmInti utr)Ms.CatherineSinclairDen Feli.M] SurSde hsfrtapaac in London). With (at l,ald-prie a;sSend'codyfThEvlGenius, Concleding r 'HEA hE ROY L, ADLPHI.-Continuodj ISncsa,--ihe as wek f'sr.P. . ook'sengagemnent, who will aprar n te ppuar iecs o Backeye Suanand The Pilot.-Tte ecremin facesof omesic conmy nd earfulATragedy In the Sevn D,,s. lly M. Wigt ad lfe Pat!Bedford every night,THIS EENING DOMESIC ECNOMY.Gramly, Mr. WrigI:t; C. eih; Pus etr. r. aulBefordan Olke~-dSsnMs Aren ndDol MySwr,Ple Mr Kaly Ad EIIU T) QYAL LYCEUM THEA~wthE- de h EL oit Mnaeme-tof is Lois Pye ndMr .ario- TMTr..Hne.M.Le M_9H_ArF. Ededa, ls Mr rsot and Mlsrket;best Doravn opnaM;cmec thl-at7 rice Saatalls e;Tdes ciceusn pe bxs a;pt . galry, Pr. Chattrto. Mion.,, boxTR lI.anfE T E eSc r an. Till EViNINGSO VRY OLIGIG- M. J.Kinbch,Mr. P. ll'arls, biss Rhven of tJ. Clebarke. Tr. Hoam d. Amend boxes. £1 Ic, and L to . &i. Comwitce atO. RA THEuor DaONC MA.SIryD com of TH elight atm,Mrs. LOU. Ai HE NCHR F HPE:MTUJBes Els As,; boxes i, ; pils. Halfprice at9.Tsb l tfo5bnfis Rborellt~,- br daytOhtofmh eerte r ae Aldeson and blis ElewothyGTassEEIG toa comnewta110 B Honnor. ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~r ot ovelty, emDt ~~~~~he woFor £8Is. lont~ ~ ~ ~ ~~~~~~epeettinta may Latelte by igh ord eldayfromti date t Sept. 29, 1858.t dalso gtlyeimproetd Pbl.Itpema GlassLthtcnbeima de, bin 10-inher, wiamthr) 10rlases,prie tlhta g'enlsubects:n the ovaer.Te pt ditt,ith 12o gldasss prie nthree g. leluss,bthabydVaticeLat, Plar Itboy Bain.-t CatersOpera and TheinatreSgloble, Cakelton thbrary. 13, Ilegena-treedT. Pailemar. AGIIJOPTiCL ALLSIONS smiierscf ha oaemns will he made othpartuItsoexpendhaing£00t bringt neetthiseateoS paiynoety,employin hlivn perfome. rs81, Poe Ially particlars pply t tor. G. Drka, C.. H,,Uppert-nelagencyoffiet,Plm, LLL-ante,ts nd sIde from 1791 t 18d.. niu Newonctosbra26nd complte I car, £3is. te elidvol.,ar pintedo ther prremistereb lin-rte rtste ay sbjctsItopapera.o The preamncipalfctiemsto India are nw raey.Illutrnated frice L1t4fo three. otalndr.ng Xwoteinsl opticIns anddote akers otheQue,. gre-ereMb t,lTf redlan . witte .L~ reatmatehavenowtheilrare Alextundety.of prhsn Roa gun street.TIEofhim, hoelisntedafoguisemthes Ind 18pl2, byt vesbyom lf.rthed a wtteradhantalso of re tant180etters of Naoltereon (10arom R oty'r-13anDalhitnly from 1an 1 toA- Ibreak-a uI,uewcaoouretioneran an eaong his oteri 10,088, re',w100;foli bod,wt tani bartraits, th. ereky rhenstuationafor efallb nbation, frmu48 cneIlno 1890, inlu'Ig te oign TretyofPeCei,N1807), aforThe ctBattle ofWOledlan:Hwriten daed siged, ndsealed . atmieet yAlexa0nder- utof RussIa. "r, duARoK u hOre.TheL,10igl D1Parkme placbie,st.uuroJabmess fr.adbaas vthe frt*advofloantae tfaDrivate ent4ranoue ;a thetGeenFarkly Io oSgHlngaes poen Lee MOTE.-E.BAER ProU Lte-EARO and BOARD (bekat0wocus Ie an tao-RIDLupoffr,Li h. er bwteehbort bet adbeafs,2.weky Thastuoatine o holt,beha utLIc y,bea n dfonveninc I susith led ex ertmonsstods.eret,n St. naion se otdn-.J ofa sesnara s ldeaoon Iseltroos, The ingle Departmen hoombnslxrossa herpe, wishapSeat-ca ofe aitndgprivat edblirds oe aI ls . Daepcartmfo ent, numrossml and tbiLaesulnfatmn.Al foreign anguage spoken Iseree Mr. OunHdGerr DORTtTGAL HOTEL, Fleet-street, London.-C. j. RILER ofera er bet thnestethe pbliefatetheliberal patrnag ht ha alradybee favure wit, ad wilPueohribesto exerion to rese a exensIn o tha suportSh thasoened at (ULOGN E~-SUR.MERH Ld'ANGLE 1 TE RRE. " This old-ecib d ad dirt-rate house I deterredlyrcoom Tended." See Brad8haw's Continental Gidde, "BA} corsuteuded; newly furnlsheti"-Calignani, "Recommended; charges moderate.-Murray's Guide through Prance This large, ooimbodilouesu ad old estsiahlrument, which has had the honour of being patronIzed by the meat illustrious perOnages of Europe hag bern s-em- lat'ely re-furnished atd decorated. The new proprietor, M. ZAEIARIY. offers to travel'era elegance And comfort, joined to the advantages of anunrivalledDposItion. Travellers are requesteetdtowrite a few days in advance. in orler to retain acartmentS, and to ask on their arriTat fee the HOte d'Angleieere, as the porter and the carrIage of the establishnent are always in attend -nrc On the arrival of the trains and the bosats Famiies and gentlemaenaboarded by the week, rl1 SIK = 7y T. _nd In TRADE conaistlsag ofgeneral drapeiryvich siLlo,f.ny rsss mn ties ribands~ gloves, ;iry haberda;EJeery = O a. a the etookbw vricesso £7,547 Os. f&,Andto l at a diseosmtere. from. One-fourth Part Of the purchsa.t mosey to be pI-d in cash, and the remainder In mofieties Ict approved wucred hills cot having more than thre snd six months to rim respectively frees the thx day of October next or the whole in rah (which will bt held in preuoo over blls at the rate of 5 per cnt, Per annum). In rmaking tender the moode Of Patment shouild be stated, otherwise it a il be hrid to meoan caah Payment A depeslt of 5 Per cent,.tobe paid In eabifrequie at the time of purhase,,A Toe stock may be viewed on the promises,, Nsa, 2 and B. Mdaom-atrret, Bath, from this time until Monday. tte Ott, day of C)ctober next, on which day, at five minutes after 12 o'clock at nie-on pveel-ely, the tenders will be received anud opened, and t'he V~rchaerdecla~red. at tho offices of Messrs Edwards and Smith,. 19 earetOarker-lans.Doctors'ocommoss. The puvohaer of thbstockwait have the first option of treaftig (opeon coeditlons that will be furnished at the time of sale) far the premisn held by, lease at £-00, bat reduced by letter from the late lJsor to £9400 per year, upon purchasing the flxture and fittings, either at a valuatfon or for the suem of -"750 but shou!d he rnet accept Ihe rsat te ie fsae the option 'sf11 be gire tothenex hthse bllde,~ad soul henet accept, then to the ~fEIE DOITWLO SALIN 43ATHS. T,-3 Turke~y.- for guiea: ickts Iansfrabe. W pm bhucent howet within1 callesni London. ~ ~ m DAINYtg NTosor. DAY of HUMILI&TIoN. .bIBNIO4-EIOUIJSn BeDtember29, 18s7. E MIost Gracious Majety bzF bamiltlon, and Prer to Almighty God, for lmplo,igy Elis hlesang and aesltianoe oa Hier Maleat' arms for the restoration of tranqullilty In India, the Lord hlyorrequ t3 bst ila fellowa citizens viii clse their ahop and ab. xnd rev2enatlyonvS° thatda,In order that it may he devoutl By orderof theLordMayor B. R. GOODMAIt. To the INDEPE:N DE! ISVEBY of LONDON. Gentlemen. pERMIT me heartily to thank you for your .La ttendance at the Comnmon Hall this day,o and iot the enthuJaati derronstration m;sde by ion Ia my favour. I have the hononr to ba, Genlemaen. Your oblIged and talChrul servant. 1, Tunwheel-lane, Septetaber 29,157. WI . THEATRE ROYA,L HAYMARKET. Ulnder the Management of Mr. Buckotone. THrs EVENINGC TEUJc SCHO 8 D F 0SCANDAL: Mes., Htowve, Buckstone, (.uippendale, Compton, W. Farten- 2eedames Sbnclair, Poynter, H. ing, Talbot. ko. Atter Which, A 6)URM FGR LOLVE.Mr.adgrore, Sir. Buootoce. Concluding with TR& SWLSS THEEATRE ROYAL, ADELIPEH P'roprietor, Mr. B. Wetitgee* Di;ect , M Ame Oeleste. THIS8 l;VENINO, DOMESTIC BOONOMY: 3Ir. Wright and Miss rdert With BLACK-EYEl D 'sUAN: . leesro T. ?P. Cooke,Wright, TRAGEDY IN THE SEVatD+,ENM DALS:v K¢Messr. Wright and P. Bedford. Oommence at 7. ROYAL OLYMPIC THEATRE. -L Iseeo,Meaaro. F. ltobon and W. S. Itmden. THISEig;VENING, Mir. *iVki:e eoUtins' drama, TH1 LIGlT. HOUSE: Meson. F. Robson, Addison, W. tGordon, Gt. Coo}e;* Miwer Wyndham and SwanhoroTgh. A SUBT ERGE- MeSr G. Vinin 0. Murray, and H. Stiritng. And MaSANIELLO. hlaenleo, Mr. F. Robeon. Commence at hal£ paJt 7. TOYAL- LYYEUM THEATRB . Under the Joint M-nagement of 1.U or Pne and 31r.W. Haninomb THerIS E .VE NING, Anbzr'a Opera, THE MrOWN rIAMerO2DS: by lli v Couisa Pyne, HMiac Susan PLne, SEr. OaUmiton BrAaam, Mr A. St. Ailby. m dr. G. Hooeo. and r T. W. H ErrQo.L To conFludwith SOMEBODY Ela,E.. To commence at halm-past 7. TATRE ROYAL, SADERISATES Under the Manarement of Mr. PWeloe. THIS EVENING, LOVkl'd LABOURB EOST. c o maHD, Mr Phelpse Ferdinand. Mr. F. Robinson. *Pron, Mr. HI. MntonLSongavtie, Mir. BeUford, Coctord. Mkr. IL. Ball* Boxet, ht. J. W: Ray; Princess, Mrs C. Young :Rosallne. Mba isvtzpatrick; hIoth, 1 n g W illaao. To conclude ith THIE BENGAl TIGER, SUBRREY THEAT tE. ThS EVENpING, faBcTION; or TheThrone and the Tomb. atxeiwold, ncr.eUrcho;HenryVIIlne Mr.Potterg Cranmers Mr. Volaire Catherine (owar6 0Miss ne TEbsris tURaTniVsiTA by. . Widdpoosbe and MTr. Belmore. And THE QUiET FAMtILY Mweeiethlddicomb, Voau aire; Mines Chalmers and Webrter. ASTLlEY'S ROYAL AMPHITHSEATRE. N nie e a cd Mnoager, Tmr. William Cooke. ThISEvVErisn, the equeeotris erectocn e of EL hYDenic bythe O eier of the whaut Mountains Succeeded by Scene in ths Arenab,iction, bte F Fasmil endran dit e Mililoos Conciuding TO COmRESPONDENTS. Our readers are requested TO observe that the priea of T7ie Times isredueed to 4d., and that 5jl. is the price of a copy with the impressed stampx afluxed. Under the amended regulations of the Postoffiea (No. 60) The Times is transmissizble by post to British colonies and foreignt countries without an impressed stamp, No notice can he taiken of anonymous communricaidions, Whatever iS isitended for irisert'ion mus he authenticated by the name arid adidreas of the 'writer; n ot necessarily for puhlication, but as a guarantee of his good faith, We cannot undortake to return rejected comrmunicatIons. AV The publication of TEX Toara comrmenced at 5 o'clock ye:eie moning, and fnished at 5 minutes to 8.
ZOAVDOZ, WEDZVESDAY, SEPTZMBBR 3,D 1837. The additional particulars received by the Foreign-office, in the form of a despatch from the Indian Government to the Secret Committee of the East India Directors, throw new, and, we must add, a gloomy light on the state of affairs. For the present, and for several weeks more from the last date, we must make up our minds to increasing difficulty, and the consequent probability of fresh disasters, in one quarter or another. Here and there the tide may be turned in our favour. An heroic act, a desperate advance or still more desperate defence, a brilliant victory or a miraculous relief, a timely panic in the foe or an unhoped-for aid, may serveto console us for casualties of an opposite character. But when things are pushed to the extreme, and everything everywhere is staked on the cast of a die, we cannot expect the chances to be always in our favour. It is not Delhi that is now the chief point of anxiety. Nor yet do Lucknow and Agra, with their gaUant defenders, and their hundreds of women and children, monopolize interest. The whole line of communication is threatened and disturbed. We have had to retreat, to surrender points which till lately we were sure of holding, to detain reinforcements, to provide against new dangers, and reduce our position to the least and most manageable nucleus of dominion. All this, of course, is only for a time. Give us the single month of September,-let us tide over those thirty days, and there is small cause of fear. But it is terrible to think what may happen in that interval,-how much that can only be recovered at a fearful cost,-how much that is absolutely irremediable. Such is the distance that we are now almost powerless spectators. Whether the British Government has done well or ill, it can do little more. By and by we will venture to suggest what may be done; but first for the anxious particulars before us. It is much to be feared that General HAVELocK has thus far gained no substantial advantage in return for the loss of many valuable lives. At the last date, the 1 3th, he was still at Cawnpore, with his force reduced to 900 men, worn out with fatigue. It could not be reinforced in less than ten days or a fortnight-that is, in effect, tiU the beginning of September, the mismanaged affairs of Dinapore and Arrah having had the sad result of detaining below the QuEEN's 5th and 90th, that were otherwise going up the river. Instead of advancing, and making good his progress, General HAVELOCK was seriously threatened even at Cawnpore. He expected to be attacked on three sides-by the Oude insurgents on the north, and from Futteypore, and by the Gwalior mautineers from Calpee. It is almost a novelty in this war to hear of the river navigation being employed for any other purpose than the quiet transport of men and material; and it certainly is a melancholy reflection that while we are encircling the earth with a belt of big ships, and have innumerable gunboats and other craft of all sizes rotting and rusting nobody knows where, there is not [uch a thing on the Ganges, or its tributaries, as a steamboat adapted for the pmrposes of war. No doubt the naviaation of these rivers, supplied by mountain torrents, flowing through immense alluvial plains, with frequent inundations and changes of channel, is not very easy or always possible. But in August and SeDtember there is at least depth of water for vessels capable of steaming with two or three guns and a hundred or two men. Hai the Company but a dozen of such vessels at this juncture ! Hcw gladly would England give twenty of the ships-of-the-line now lying in ordinary at half-a-dozen harbours and estuaries for as many vessels of one-twentieth their tonnage moving up and down in the Ganges and its tributaries. It appears there is one such steamer at the command of General HAvrocK, and he had despatched it to prevent the Oude people, if poesiblo, from crossing at Futteypore; but he had no means whatever of preventing the Gwalior mutireers from crossing the Jumna at Calpee. Indeed, it is too probable that by the union of these three bodies he would soon find himself as miuch besieged at Cawnpore as WHEtLER had been before him, and as our people are at Agra, Lucknow, and half-a-dozen other places. But it is the gtneral conditioa of the country, the questionable spirit, the conspiracies, the threatening demonstrations, and the doubtful allegiance, that impart the most anxious features to this inFtelligence. In the whole of the Bengal Presidency, and in the neighbouring States, it is evident that every native, high and low, is considering for himself, not what he ought to do, or which side he wishes to see prosper, but what he must do with a view to his own interest and even preservation. We must remember, in common justice to these people, that we cannot expect a devotion unto death from any Indian in behalf of foreign intruders, different in race, in religion, and not less in disposition and manner. We may be respected, and even loved, by those immediately about us, but the range of personal influence must be very small, and all the social prejudices and political traditions are dead against us. We cannot, therefore, be either surprised or very indignant to hear of friendly Princes, here and there, taking steps that leave it doubtful to us, as it may possibly be to themselves, what line they mean to take. It is only wonderful that so many stand by us. Among the changes to be observed in the latest intelligence is the abandonment of Goruckpore. In the previous report a considerable force of Ghoorkas from Nepaul had arrived there, and more were expected, on their way to join HAVELOCK. It is stated that they were desired to occupy both Goruckpore and Azimghur, if possible, but, if not, to abandon the former. This they have done, and it was certainly necessary, if they were to advance with a sufficient force to be useful further on. The Dinapore mutineers were last heard of making for the Jumna, near Calpee, with the evident intention of swelUing the numbers against HAVELOCK. Some native troops-infantry, cavalry, and guns-had been sent against them by the Political Agent, but with what hope of success it would be hard to conjecture. Various portions of the Grand Trunk Road are described as insecure, and, though there may be nothing to prevent the passage of British troops, it may be necessary to detain them, and so add day upon day to the terrible task, possibly the sufferings, of our people besieged in Lucknow and Agra. Delhi itself is now the bright spot in the prospect. There is no longer any talk of a retreat. It was expected that on the 15th of August our whole force there would amount to 11,000, aud earlyin September tol5,000. There waseventalk of trying an assault on the 20th ult.; and one account says that we had actuaUy invested the city, and cut off its communications. There had been more sorties repulsed, with fearful loss to the miutineers, and at some cost to ourselves. In the city they were disheartened and divided. Their magazine had been blown up, and 500 artificers destroyed, together with a large quantity of sulphur and saltpetre. They were in want of percussion caps, fuses, and other stores. The KING, it was said, had sent off his Zenana. The smutineers, compelled to fight us on their arrival, and even forced to prolong the conflict by the closing of the gates behind them, have to some extent availed themselves of the opportunity to make off and consult safety or pleasure elsewhere. Meanwhile we had been receiving from the Punjab, besides large reinforcements of Europeans and Punjabees, treasure, ammunition, and stores. It must, however, be said that though we seem to command the country towards the North-West, the mutineers were established at Allyghur in the name of the King of Dnuu. It is quite evident that, with the exception of half-a-dozen places, throughout the whole region from Benares to the Punjab we must be considered to have taken the field, and to be, in fact, engaged in the task of reconquering India. When this is the work to be done, it is some encouragement to those engaged in it to find their services recognized and rewardaA with oomnu enduring mark of favour. We have great pleasure in observing that HAVELOCK, who may or may not live to receive a quarter's payment of his 1001. a-year good service pension, has now the rank of iMajor-General, which he may, indeed, never hear o$ and certainly will not if his career is as brief as that of his brother commanders in India, but which will at least be recorded, and remain, after his death, a consolation to his family and his friends.
It is generally allowed that we are a thickskinned people, indiffereut to the opinions of otber nations almost to a fault. Neither at home nor abroad do we trouble ouirzelves with the comments made on our institutions and society, our persons or our dress. Englishmen, in their Government, in their manners and babits of life, are, of all civilized nations, the least indebted to that great centre of social influence, the French capitaL While the whole world looks upon Paris as a place where people are to be on their best behaviour, the Englishman walks through its most frequented streets in his shooting-jacket and wide-awake, as if he were in a kraal of Hottentots. There may be much of foUy and il-taste in all this, but it at any rate shows how little importance the average middle class islander attaches to the opinions of his continental hosts. The same feeling makes itself known in a thousand ways. It is doubtful whether in the present generation any course of action has been hastened or impeded in this country by the expressed opinion of foreign nations. The feeling with which their comments are regarded partaKes more of curiosity than of anxiety; and even where fairness and good sense are manifest we are pleased rather for the author's sake than for our own. We are not likely, therefore, to indulge in any wild exultation at the fact that the Nothernt Bee, that redoubtable organ of Russian opinion, is disposed for once to praise and pity us. It wiU be seen, from certain pas-ages which we print, that the Muscovite journal laments over the sufferings of our countrymen in India, and wishes us speedy success over the cowardly hordes who have revolted. Now, we are not going to repel the civilities which are thus offered. We are willing to assume, as it is always in this world wise to assume, that fair speeches and good wishes are sincerely uttered. But we must be pardoned for treating the compliments of to-day with the same equanimity as the revilings of yesterday. England has for many a year had to listen to accusations, insults, and prophecies of evil from all quarters. The Northern Bee is one of the youngest of our adversaries. Its little sting has been protruded but for a short time, hardly long enough to gain for it a name among the swarm with which the British lion has been surrounded. WVe have contemned the Univers and thee Kruz Zeitung, and our own Irish Nation, and the whole chorus which they lead. Why should we fear the tiny hum from St. Petersburg ? So our satisfaction at the change must be of the same unimpassioned kind. If, then, the Bee will be content with quiet thanks, it is welcome to them, but it must dispense with any warm demonstrations of gratitude. The Russian journal begins by complaining that England has suspected the CZAR and his agents of some concern in the disturbances of India, or at least of feeling immoderate joy at the late event. This charge is earnestly repudiated. Though Russia has had great cause to bear a grudge to England, and might without presuimption consider Ca-wnpore a retribution for our misdeeds at Kertch, Odessa, and other places, yet there is but one feeling of sorrow and horror at the bloody drauma now enacting, and Russians will rejoice to see the British iule restored on a firm foundation of justice and mnoderation. "England is," says the Bee, in another place, "necessary for Europe." English enterprise in manufactures and commerce has enabled the world to advance at its late wonderful rate of progress. The steam-engine, that great instrument of modern civilization, has made England rich and powerful, and by her wealth the other kingdoms of Europe are nourished, their populations employed, their revenues increased, and the life-blood sent coursing through the veins of nations. In fwct, the Bee would declare that England is the mainspring of the world, and that to break or weaken her would be to bring the whole machinery of civilization to a stop. Now, this is, we may say with excusable pride, the real state of the case; and, if it be the real wish of Russia to advance the general prosperity of the world, she can have no better ally and adviser than the nation which has built up so vast a fabric of commercial greatness, which has settled and civilized so many and so distant regions of the globe, and even now seems to be but in the beginning of her vast career. We know not what change has come over the spirit of St. Petersburg, but the English people seem suddenly to have succeeded to some of the enthusiasm lately devoted to their French neighbours. Continental politicians seem to love and hate wonderfully. A few months ago the British were under the ban of every salon and bureca. We could not fight, we could not diplomatize; our political system was poisoned by the virus of Parliamentarism; as for education and good manners, of course there was no need to talk of them. Iear now the Northern Bee:-" We have always " considered England, and not France, at the "head of civilization. We do not reckon as "civilization the superficial abstract ideas of "the French and Germans, but the positive deduc"tions of the English respecting the rights of man, "his welfare, the application of the newest acqui"sitions in art and science to his advantage "and to the lightening of his labours." After this declaration, which is singularly inopportune to the cordialities of Stuttgart, comes, what is still more extraordinary, an invidious comparison between England and America, greatly to the disadvantage of the irritable Republicans. In fine, Russia is bound to England in preference to aU other countries. In a French or German paper we certainly should look with indifference on such a sudden change as is here evinced. But in Russia every paper must more or less represent the Government, and it is impossible not to recognize in the new-born enthusiasm of the Bee the simplicity with which inexperienced journalisti expresses the vacillations of the Imperial policy. The mot dcordre has been to conciliate England, and the Russian writers have gone to work with less tact and delicacy than would have been met with in their diplomatic countrymen. However, this country is glad to meet any advances which indicate renewed good feeling. We all know what our Russian friends teo us, that the commercial interests of the two countries bind them together, and that their prosperity wiUl be advanced by an enduring peace. We have no wish for war; we, with the fairest parts of the earth for an inheritance, cannot covet anything that Russia owns, nor have we any desire for barren victories. On the other hand, we feel that Russia must be aware how impossible it is to be successful in an aggressive movement against us on any point. The experiences of tbe Danube and Armenia have for ever dissipated the dreams which a few enthusiasts may have had of a march to the Indus. Englishmen may, then, be naturally content to live in peace and good-will with the Muscovite Empire, cherishing respect for its hardy, patient, and religious people, its patriarchal sovereignty, and its well-knit civil and military organization. The benefits of friendship and free intercourse will be mutual, but we are guilty of no vanity in saying that Russia wiiU be the greater gainer. We have much to teach-the treasure of many ages of experience; Russians are quick to learn,-they are proeminently the imitative people, and now that they have all that the " superficial civilization " of France can give them in taste and culture and the arts of life, they may well turn their attention to this kingdom, solve the problems which it presents, and apply them to their own use. But one thing should be clearly understood. The Bee hints at the necessity for England to limit her ambition, to admit the other Powers of Europe to co-operation in aU she does throughout the world-to establish, in fact, the " Five Powers" as an universal authority. This is, indeed, very faintly shadowed forth, but it is enough. If any Russian party look for such a policy they will find themselves mistaken. If such notions animate any potentate or reunion of potentates, they may as well be abandoned. This country will admit of no limitation of its action on the world; let other States be free, and let us be free also. England has conluered and will r- conquer Asia by herself, and any fair words which hide the design, however reniote, of controlling her independence may as well be left unsaid. However, on the whole, we may accept this Russian movement of conciliation as the begiuning of a new phase in the history of Europe. When India is once more subjected and the world at peace, a period of prosperity may succeed, in which the Empire of the CZAR may profit by carrying out the principles which his organ now enuncia-es.
After the suppression of the Sepoy rebellion and the pacification of Hindostan, it will be necessary, as one of our correspondents recently observed, to determine the future policy of our administration on two important points. One of these-that concerning the religious prejudices of the natives-we discussed the other day. To the second-that relating to the organization of a native force-we now advert. As yet time cannot certainly be said to press, for there is plenty of work on hand stiUl; and even when this is finished it wiiU be long before India is left without far more powerful European armies than have been recently maintained there. Perhaps for a year or two we may assume that the govermment and protection of our Eastern empire will rest mainly upon an efficient British force, but the question of native auxiliaries must arise sooner or later, and it cannot be too carefully discussed. If we are to employ such auxiliaries, how are they to be raised, how designated, how organized, bow commanded ? The boldest and most summary treatment of the proposition before us has proceeded from a very able correspondent, whose arguments have repeatedly appeared in these columns. Hle did indeed take the bull by the horns, for to all inquiries as to the future constitution of a native army he replied by asking for what purposes we wanted such a force at aU. Certainly, if our necessities in this respect are imaginary, the problem receives a final and not unsatisfactory solution; but can this be the case ? Our correspondent's argument proceeds somewhat as follows :-There was once a time when the possession of India was divided between our own authorities and independent Princes; and as the country, spacious as it is, was not large enough for the co-cxistence of two such elements of power, a contest ensued for the supremacy. WVe fought lTrroo SAIB in Mysore, ScxMDIA and I-IOLVIAR in Central India, the PEXSHWA in tho ])eccan, aad, filially, RtsNJEET SLeWH in the Punjab. During aU this period w were constantly liable to aU the contingencies of war; we could not tell at any moment that w&r. might not, before the close of another month, be forced into the field against this antagonist or that; and consequently, as we were compelled to keep a numerous army on foot, and there 'was a demand for soldiers all over India, we availed ourselves of the native material as well as our adversaries. But these conditionx of Indian policy exist no longer. There is not at' present in the whole of India a single State independent of the British Government. We have not much to say to Nepaul, it is true, but even in the capital of this remote border province there resides a British representative. As for the remaining States, they exi3t avowedly under our protection, and that any of them should take the field against their protectors is a thing perfectly out of the question. Their troops or " contingents" may mutiny on their own private account, as SCINDIAH'S and HOLEAUeS have done now, but that any one of them should think of war against the Government of India under ordinary circumstances is quite impossible; in fact, they have not done so even under the unparalleled temptations of a crisis like the present. It follows, therefore, that there can be no need of a native army for the purposes of campaigning within the limits of India itself. Neither, again, does it appear that such a force is necessary for the sulppression of probable popular insurrections, for it has been shown that the materials of such mischief are confined to this very force itself. The natives possess neither the means nor the motives for revolt, unless from the organization and equipment which we ourselves give them. In this respect our precautions against rebels have been simply equivalent to the generation of rebelion. As to the external action of the Government, whether for offence or defence, the European army, especiaUy with the augmentation of its establishment assumed on all sides to be permanently required, wil be amply sufficient. We freely admit that up to this point the argument is substantially unanswerable. There is certainly no Prince in India who could in ordinary periods contemplate such a proceeding as regular war with the British Government, and if, as seemed recently to be thought, half-a-dozen European regiments constitute a force competent to bring even the immense Empire of China to reason, the ordinary establishment of QUE's troops in India ought certainly to suffice for any probable contingencies in that part of the world. This, however, is not the whole of the case. There are other obligations behind, and some of them rather serious. Although the native States may be utterly incapacitated from taking the field against us, their territories, and, indeed, our own too, contain at all times the materials of social and even political disturbance. In many parts, as, for instance, in the NIZms dominions, the population comprises a variety of dangerous elements, and few months elapse without acall being made upon the military force for the preservation of order. Vithout entering upon any tedious recapitulations it will explain our meaning if we refer to the Santal rebellion and the agitation in Rajpootana as incidents immediately preceding this all-absorbing mutiny of the Sepoys. Besides all this, scarcely a week passes without some minor perturbations of the admiristrative system. A score or two of Moplahs ensconce themselves in a tower and fight to the death ; a Zemindar holds out against authority in a mud fort; a leader of banditti shoots a collector and takes refuge over the nearest border; a troop of Rohillas or Affghans in the service of some Prince who never pays them reimburse themselves by plundering the community ;-these and similar occurrences are every-day events, and such is the Oriental character, that if any such disturbance were left unchecked it is impossible to foretell the extent to which disorder might spread. For all demands of this sort provision must be made, and made on such a scale that no exclusively European force could supply all the requisitions. Again, irrespectively of the interior of India, we have two frontiers to guard, and the exigencies of that on the North-West are very severe. Along that border our dominions are exposed to the incessant forays of tribes as unmanageable and almost as inaccessible as Caffres themselves, and if our eerdan were relaxed or our resources disparaged, we might some morning see 20,000 wild horsemen crossing the Indus. Admitting that Peshawur and Hyderabad might be strongly garrisoned, it is impossible that European cavalry could be kept to perform all the border service of JACOeS ilorse and other Irregulars, or that the expeditions of 6,000 or 71,000 men periodicaUy sent into the hills after some nameless marauders could always be composed of Quxxx's troops alone. To the East there lies Burmah, a recent conquest, less u nsettled, perhaps, than the Western border, but more unhealthy. Now, to maintain even moderate garrisons on the Indus and the Irrawaddy, to preserve an iacontestable ascendancy in the stations along the Ganges, and to occupy in any strength even balf-a-dozen good positions in Madras and Bombay would demand a far larger European force than we have been recently in the habit of assigning to India, and even then vast districts of the country would be virtually beyona' reach of the military power in the event of disturb ance. How are these exigencies to be met? Thb answer is as " INDOPE-MUS" and " P " have intimated in their correspondence with us-by a good system of "lvolicc." At present our police is not half strong enough-witness the dacoity robberies and other abominations which have renderedlife and property almost as insecure in some parts of Bengal as they would be in Central Africa. Increase the police force largely, quarter it judiciously, aud rely upon an effective and contented constabulary instead upQn credulous and conceited Sepoys. On this proposal we can only now remark that we do not entirely see our way through the scheme. According to the calculations above suggested, from 50,000 to 100,000 policemenwould be required to discharge the duties of such a force over a country like India. Such a body of men must, of course, receive some organization, and, of course, also, considering the expeditions on which they wiU be often despatehed, they must carry arms. This, however, being admitted, we confess we do not discover where the great change would be effected, except in namie. If 60,000 or 70,000 natives are to be enrolled in our service, well equipped, inured to the practice of arms,l and trained to action in concert, it appears to us that they will be Sepoys in all but title. Tqor do we understand how the conclusion is to be escaped, for the dilemma seems to be this,-that either our policewill be inefficient for their duties, or, beingefflcient, will be in reality something more than they are styled. If it is urged that they would be without uniformity of caste, without artillery, and under the control of a predominant European foroe, these are conditions confessed to be indispensable in the re- organization of native levies under any name what. ever, and they may as well bo called Sepoys still. It appears to us, in short, that we can neither dispense with the services of natives nor employ them in any fashion wluch will not be almost equivalent to thpt which we desire to supersede. WVe can, howe.ver, guiard against the dangers to which the syrtem has conducted us, and with these precautionr., wvhi wpe loubt not will be effec tually
Even those who personally are indlifferent to ithe election of Sir R. W. CARDEN to the dignity -of Lord Mayor will be glad to know that in his aperson the freedom of our civic elections has been vigorously asserted. He is Lord Mayor elect for the *ensuing year in spite of Mr. THOMrAs ROSE and the "long-shore men. There was, indeed, a show of * opposition in the Common Hall yesterday to the *election of the senior Alderman, but how absurd was the opposition and how weak were the objectors the _report of the proceedings makes oxily too apparent. *-(ne, indeed, with all the confidence of a martyr, .proposed that the Liverymen shouldl proceed to the poll; but martyrs are few, believers in thepaid-up capital of irresponsible concerns are still fewer; .nobody would second the proposal, and Mr. AN-DERTON was alone ia his glory. On the names of the two candidates highest on the list of Aldermen being presented to the Court of Aldermen, Sir R. *C,RDEX, as the senior, was at once selected, and his name was duly announced to the as-sembled Liverymen as that of the Lord Mayor *elect. We congratulate the Liverymen on their having thus vindicated the purity of election and -decisively declared that their votes are not to be bought and sold by any huckster audacious enough to make the attempt; we congratuilate Sir ROBERT CARDEN on the reward whicli he haS reaped in -setting so good an example, and we trust that the *aupport which he has received from the great body *of Liverymen, and the success which he attained, will encourage those who may follow him in the :e-ame office to resist similar extortion andl to main-tain similar independence.
GENEYBAL ORDER. HORSE GUARBDS, S. 29. BREVET. .(From a Supplement to the London GazetWc of Tuesday, SeDt. 29.) In consequence of the eminent services performed by Colonel Henry Havelock, C.B., in command of a division -of Her Majesty's army engaged in active operations in the -field in India, the Queen has been graciously pleased to -command that he be promoted to the rank of Alajor-Goneral -In the Army, in conformity with the 10th clause of the Royal. Warrant of the 6th of October, 1854, and that his commission shall bear date the 30th of July, IS57. By command of his Royal Highness the General Com. -tnandLuig-in.Chief, G. A. WETRERAJL, Adjutant-GeneraL
IRELAND. (EBOU OUR OW'N CORIMSPONDEN-r.) DUBLIN, TUESDAY MonMNWO. THE 11BISI SEroYS. The provincial Sepoys are at their dirty work .again. Accounts from Cork 8tate that on Satur- ,day night copies of a printed address, headed " What news ? " were widely distributed in several parta of the town by being ingeniously thrust under the doors, and so forth. As the Reporter observes, this false and shameless document has received its inspiration from the metropolitan organ of the Eastern savages-the journal to which " is due the credit of glossing over the fiendish atrocities of Nena Sahib." The dastardly placard is worded as "follows:- " VWHAT NEWsw? WHArT NEWS? "This is the question that is asked of you by all; this is the question you ask of others. Aye, and we say, weU may -you ask, for there is news, and it concerns you much. "' Whe, we say this, we presume that we are addressing mnen who still retain some, at least, of that feeling which God originally implants in the breast of all -- namely, a love of freedolu and justice, and a consequent hatred of all op. pression and injustice. "The news, therefore, concerns you mnch, for it telbs yon that at length the just wrath of Heaven is being poured upon those who for centuries held by the right of the strong band what was and is justly yours. It tells you that hand Is becoming palsied--aye, palsied with the curse of blood -the weight of crime. It tells you that the wail of auffering cbe cry for vengeance has at length been heard, and that -when least expected the sword of the de.troying angel has fallen on the gullty. I Yes, a portion of the English empire, the richest and largest of all her ill-gotten eossessions, has risen against her, and iSavenging with a teirible veugeance the slaughtered millions of her ohildren, whose blood has been ponred out as a river since England first set foot on her soiL "' It tells you of Sepoy barbarities -of women and children 7murdered. Yes, the chained tiger of Bengal has broken loose, and scattered ruin in his path. But goaded as the E[indoos have been-un-Christianiz:d as they are-we have yet to hear that they have exceeded- Cromwell at Drogheda -and Wexford, or the Black Horse in '98; or that, like the :English Goveranent in '47, they condemnned a million of human beings to die the lingerinig desth of starvation. "' Perhaps on will ask, ' What of all this? we knew it al before. What would you have us to do?' Read of it -think of it ! again aned again; you w:ll be the better prepared to act when the time comcas; make others (and they are many) read and think who at present do neither. Thus will you keep alive the faith in God's justice ! tho faith in Ireilud's liberty! and England's downfall ! Discourage drun.kenness, and thus prevenit many a misguided -Zool from swelling the ranks of your oppressors and becoming the victim of Indian cholera or the sabre of the Eepoy ; and farther, you may socuetinies even teach those whoom they bave already ensnared that a day may soon comne when an Irish soldier, with arms in his hands, might write a new aud glorious page of Irish hiscory. "lie who reads and understands this will neither burn .nor destrov it, but read It again, aud give it to be read to hlim who dots not; it is idle to speak." STATE OF BFLF.A' ST. The latest movements of the Rev. Hugh Hauna are thus chronicled in the Bel/f st i1ercury of yesterday:- e The eRev. Mr. Hanna was met on Saturday at the Corn-Exchvnige by some clergymlen of the Presbyterian Church and 'thers, and the recommendation contained in the fifth res,lution of the Belfast Pl'asb)tory, adopted atits sDecial m,ettug on Friday, was pressed strongly on his atton. tton. After a good deal of debate Mr. Hanna consented to foregohis determination to preach on Sunday. Atthis meeting a proposition was also made to collect a sahscription for a fund, to be devoted to the expenses of bringing actions against the mangistrates who were instrumental In preveating the opeu.-air preaching of the preceding Sunday, but after some consideration, it was rejected by the meceting. Yesterday, in coose aence of Msr. IHenna's absenceo from -Corporation-square, the quays werte very quiet. The police on duty were enabled to return to their quarters a' 4 o'lock, and the evening wvore off miore quietly than the ordinary run of Sunday evening s." THE FUNDS. Three per Cent. Consols, 89J; ditto, for account, October 13, $1)J A; Nevw Three per Cent. Stock (shut), 89i j ditto, for acconnt, October 10, 89' . ditto for new account. iNovemnber 13S, 894 3 i, Bank Stoek, 232i. National Bank of Ireland (251. paid), 35Z. Railvavs.-Cork, Blackrock, sand P'assage (201. p aid), 11;; Dahlin and Wicklow) 101. ,paid), 54 cx. div. ; Great Southern and W estern (1(101. paid;, 138; Itlidl:nd Great Western and Royal Canal (501. paid), 49)4, ___ _W p
CLOSING OF THE EXHIBrrOX, Os, ART TREASPRES. -It is now officially stated that ffgr Majesty will not be xre5ent at the closing of the exhibitiun on the 1lth proximo. Ahe executive have given notice that the charge for admis. sion on the 12th, 13tb, and 14th of October will be half-acrovm, so that the days for the admission of the masses at one shilling each are now very limited, being restricted to six days exacusive of to-day,-viz., Ootober the 2d, 3d, 4th, ,i5th, 6th, and 3.0th. FEARFUL DEAm-On Monday afternoon a pitman nam-ed Jobn Davson was brought, in the eustody of tho Northumberland oounty police, to the Tynemoath souse of Corrction, obarged with killing a inan whose namo had aot boen ascertained, at Seaton Dela. vAl, on Saturday night Friday was the pay-day at the Beaton Delaval Collieries, and on Saturday night a considerable number of pitmen were assembled at the Hastings Armn publichouse, drinking. As usual in such asseimblies in the pit villages, the principal topics discussed by the coompany after they got excited with beer, were dng-fights, bowl-ng matches, and such like sports. The prisoner and deceased were Cumaberland moe, the latter, a navvy, being a stranger in the neighbourhood, and they comraenced disputing as to who vwas the best wrestler. Some drink was bet, and they turned on to the brge kitchen floor, which is laid with hard stone flags, to decide the point. After they had closed the prisoner, a very powerful young fellow, had thrown the deceaed over his abouilder, and the unifortunate ssan had pitchod with the top of his head on the llags. oWhon the company ran to pick hia up they feund that he vs quite dead, from the fearful blow he had received on his iead, death having been instantaneous. The prisoner isin a Iretched condition of mind. No malice is imputed tobhim. .he deceased had been too drunk to protect himself fronl he fal The police are making inquiries with regard tohim. Heappeats to have been employed in drainin& unA IVs quit r a s ong a man as the prisoner,
COAfMERCIAL INTLLIGELNO1. BOi3!BAY MARKET. REPORT FRO) TEE 15TH TO 29TH AvraTI-r me k'eninsular and Oriental Companys steamship Aden with the English mail of the 27th of July, reached our har bour on the morning of Friday, the 21st irnst. The fall o' rain has been little less than our usual average, 47 inehes and more having been measured up to the 22d iust. As anticipated in our last, we have to report a farther Improverent 1n our money-market during the psat fortnight. The banks have again iowered their rates of interest 1 per Cent. all round, and rates now range from 6 to 9 per cent., with an easy feeling. We bave no improvement to renort in Goverrnrent securities, and tho quotation nominally for Fours 81i, and for Fives 92.-Oar loGal joint stock shares have vasled but little during the fortnight. Cottton Piece Goods.-Sinoe the arrival of the last Efnglish maUl the holders hAve become firm, and the tone of the market looks rather icmproved in some articles, though not generally, as the business transaoted darirg the fortnight has not been to any greater extent than last reported. Gray Shirtings, 40inch, 4 to 4.ilb. are scarce and in demand, as also T-cloths- domestics are scarce; madapollams arn steady in inquiry and value; and cambrlcs, 60 to 64 in., are scarce. Bleacbed and Fancy Goods.-Bleached shirtings and madapollams, common to middling, are in inquiry. Lappets, common to middling, are alosought after; and lappet scarfs are soarce. Yarns.-These exhibit an upward tendency in value, and are in good inquiry. Metals.-These are rather steady, as last reported, and there has been no noticeable change in value, with the exception of quicksilver, which has improved in price and inquiry. Expcetvs Cotton Wool.-Since the arrival of the last mail the prices of aU descriptions have improved. We quote at present 150r. for Broach andSurat, DhoUera 149r. to 150r., Mangerole 138r., Compta 139r. to 140r., Kutehee 145r. to 147r., and Ooomraswuttee 145r., Khandesh 188r., Dharwar sawginned 165r. Oil Seeds.-The prico of linseed has improved sincoe the arrival of last maiL TOlNxAG.G. Tonnage is abundant at present on account of several arrivals, and the rates have, if anything, slightly doclined. We quote 21. 7s. 6d. to 21. iSs. for both Liverpool and London. EXCHIAiNGB. Bills have been somewhat scarce, and the rate has ruled at 2s. 1id. to 21. lid. On Calcutta sight, 100I ; on China, 60 days' sight, 22S.
INDIA. ADDITIONAL PARTICULARS. Oe following appetred In our 1oo0n0 edltlon of yeslozday -I The following telegram war received at the Foreign-office from the British Vice-Consul at Trleste, September 29, 2 10 a.m.:- " (From Calcutta, 23d August, 1857.) "FBoir G. F. EDmoxsToiE, EsQ., SECxRTARY TO Tn CGOVERwNmT OF IND&, TO TBn RoN. SEaaEr COMUTEX. " GENERAL HAVELOCR'S COLUMN. "C General Havelock, after pushing on half-way to Lucknow, and defeating the insurgents two or three times in the Oude province, was compelled, by the weakness of his force, reduced by exposure, fatigue, sickness, and constant fighting, to withdraw to Mungutwar, six ilUes from the Ganges, and ultimately, on the 13th August, to recross -with all his force to Cawnpore, where he now is; Bithoor having been meanwhile re-occupied by mutineers from Saugor and others, numbering about 4,000, with five guns. General Havelock attacked it on the 16th, and carried the position, capturing two guns. His force is reduced to 900 men, who are worn out with fatigue and need repose, and he considers that to advance on Lucknow until reinforced would be to court ann;ihilation. Adequate reinforcemens, it is feared, cannot reach him in less than ten days or a fortnight from tbe present time. Her Majesty's 5th and 60th (90th) China troops having been moreover here detained belowr, in consequence of the disturbances in Besbar (Bahar). "No news later than 22d ultinmo from Lucknow but by more recent native account the garrison were holding out well, and it is believed that they have managed to lay (in) additional provisions. " General Havelock expects to be attacked simuL taneously by the Muds (Oude) insurgents from the left bank of the river, as well as from the side of Futtehpore, where boats were collecting, and from the direction of Callpee, where (the) Gwalior mutineers, strong in artillery, threatened to cross and form a junction with the Oude rebels. A steamer has been sent down by the General to de6troy the boats at Futtehpore, but his force is too weak to oppose the passage of the Wumna (Jumna), at Callpee. The Oude people are making aggressions on our villages to the north of the Ganges, and it is feared that communication between Alahabad and Benares may be interrupted. "Delhi is still in the hands of the insurgents. "Our accounts extend to the 8th of August. "There appears to have been severe fighting on the 30th of July. The 1st and 2d instant, when the enemy, reinforced by the troops from Neemuch, attempted to carry our position, they were repulsed a usual: their loss is said to have exceeded 3,000 men, including 900 of the Neemuch force, who did not return to the city after the failure on the Ist, and they are reported to be really dispirited. On the 8th their powder manufactory in the city was blown up by a shell, and about 500 artificers are beUleved to have been destroyed, together with a large quantity of sulphur and saltpetre. " They have been for some time short of English powder and of fuses, and the supply of gun caps is #aid to be failing; they daily manufacturepowder of Inferior quality. The Rumagn (Kuumaon) Battalion of Goorkhas reached Delhi with treasure, ammunition, and stores, on the lit, and a reinforcement of 1,300 Europeans and 3,000 Punjaubees, from the Punjsub, was expected to arrive on the 15th. Retrograde movement is now not thought of, though at one time it was talked of. No fighting ince the 2d inst "AGRA, &ac. *News frem Agra received up to the l1th inst. All well in the fort and plenty of provisions. Garrison consists of 3d European Regiment and a European battery, both very weak, The whole Christian population is within the fort. Relief from the eastward urgently called for. There is a want of funds. "1 Allyghur occupied by an agent of the KIng of DelhL Goruckpore has been abandoned by the civil officers, with the whole of the Goorka force. They were ordered on the A1th to hold both Goruckpore and Azimghur if possible, otherwise to bring the whole force to Azimghur and hold it, instead of moving on Allahabad, as they intended. "NATIVE STATES IN CENTRAL INDIA- BUNDLECUND, RAJPOOTANA, &a. "Colonel Durand, the officiating agent, was last heard of on the 3d inst. Rolkar is believed to be quite loyal, though appearances were against him. Of Scindia we have no trustworthy information; It is certain that he has taken the Regiment of the Gwalior Contingent into his pay, but with what purpose we do not yet knew. At Chore, in the Bhopal State, the Bhopal Contingent is reported to have seized some guns and a howitzer, and to have raised the Mahomedan standard. Anjohra Rajah revolted, and took possession of Mehidpore; he has been par. tially coerced by Holkar. " The chief of Jhabooa has behaved well in protecting Captain Hutchinson, the Bheel agent, ani the other Europeans. He has been thanked. The Rajah of Rewah is thoroughly true, and is aiding us in every way. " The Punnah chief and others of Bundlecund are believed to be loyaL The conduct of the Jeypore and Bhurtpore Sirdars is reported by the Lieutenant-Governor to have been veryquestionable. All the otber native States in Rajpootana were all right, and Ajmere quiet on the 31st ultimo. "BENGAL AD BEEAR. "llajorEyre, with 3guns and aboutil5Europeans, defeated the rebels under Eover Sing on the 12th inst., and relieved the Europeans, who had been for some days besieged in a small house at Arrah, and with the aid of 50 Seikhs had gallantly defended themselves. Kover Sing has fled over the hill towards Rohtas. On the 19th he was at Akburtore Eteas Rohasgurh; his brother Amur Sing was in the hills flanking the grand trunk road, and in its neighbourhood there is insecurity consequently; all quiet, however, between Benares and Sherghotty. Seven lacs of treasure at Gya have been brought into Calcutta by the collector, Mr. Alonzo Money, with the aid of a few Europeans and about 100 Sikh soldiers. " The stations of Chupra, Chumparun, and Mozufferpore, which the civil officers had abandoned by order of Mr. Taylor, the Commissioner, have been reoccupied, and tranquillity may soon be restored. Since the last mail left the 5th Irregular Cavalry In the Santhal district are e- route to Arrak it Is known where they noware. A party of the Dinapore mutineers has been heard of about 18 miles southwest of Mirzapore, as making for the Jumna somewhere about Callpee, with the intention probably of joining the Gwalior mutineers, and ultimately the Oude insurgents. " Some Rewah troops-750 infantry, 300 cavalry, and four guns-had been detached by political agent to intercept them if possible, either at the Sohags Ghut of the Jonse or at Sorce. In the diction of Allahabad, the Ruttra Pass was defended, and it is hoped that by one force or the other they may be attacked and dispersed." "Lord Clarendon's message, dated 13th July, to Consul at Marseilles, and Sir C. Wood's, dated 14th, to Consul at Cagliari, received. " Upwards of 400 seamen and marines and 20 officers of Her Majesty's frigates Shannon and Pearl have been formed into a naval brigade, and etached to the Upper Provinces, The brigade is furnished with 10 60-(68)pounders, and two or three field pieces, taken from the above vessels. AU left Calcutta on the 18th inst. by xteamer. " All quiet at Nappore (Nagpore) and Hyderabad By latest accounts the Punjaub quite tranquil. The 14th Native Infantry at Helym (Jhelun), who refused to give up their arms, destroyed. The 46th Nativelufantry aud wing of the 9thCavalrymutinied at Sealkote, and kiUed threo or four officers, the majority finding shelter in the fort. The mutineers were attacked by Brigadier Nicholson on the 12th, and again on the 16th, and hardly any escaped. Their spoil fell into our hands. " The revenue in the Punjaub haa been paid to the last farthing, and the most loyal spirit prevails not only among the Sik]h soldiery but the population generaly. The only apprehension is a failure of funds. At the end of September or October the Government will give its attention to this; meanwhile the local authorities have invited advances on loan for one year at 6 per cent.,-result not yet reported. "4 G. P. EDMONSTONE, "Secretary to the Government of Indi." "Trieste, 11.40 a.m., Monday. " RA^VE N." The following telegram was received at the Foreign-office, from the British Vice-Consul at Trieste, September 29, 2.45 a.m.:- " DELEL " The rautineers made great preparations for an attack on the 31st of July, the eve of the Bukree Eed festival, but nothing occurred beyond some desultory skirmishing. On the evening of August Lst they attacked the right of the British position, and maintained the contest through the night, and up to the afternoon of August 2d. Our loss was very slight-10 killed and 36 wounded-the men being kept well under cover. Captain ravers (E J. Travers), 32d Native Infantry, serving with Lokos (Goorka) Rifles, was killed. " On the 6th of August the enemy's cavalry, supported by artillery, attacked the Metoalfe Houe picket, but not in any force. Lieutenant Brown, 33d Native Infantry, attached to the Kumaon battalion, was kiUed; Lieutenant Venlon, Artillery, and Lieutenant Temple, Kumaon battalion, wounded. "On the 7th of August, skirmishing, with cannonades at intervals. A powder msgazine of the enemy exploded this day, with a loss, it is ramoured, of 500 lives. " On the 8th of August, a battery, constructed by the mutineers to enfilade our guns, was destroyed. Skirmishing was kept up for daring that and the next three days. Our troops suffered very little. " On the 12th, guns established outside Cashmere Gate were attacked by a force under Brigadier Showers, and, after a sharp contest, taken. They consisted of one 24-pounder howitzer, two seven and one six-pounder. Our loss wa severe, 112 killed and wounded. Among the wounded were the following officers :-Lieutenant Sheradff, 2d Fusiliers, dangerously; Brigadier Showers, Major Coke, severely; Lieutenant Lindsay, Horse Artillery; Lieutenant MYaell, Engineers; Captain Greville, 1st Fusiliers; Lieutenant Owen, 1st Fualliers; Lieutenant Jones, 70th N.I, slightly. " Brigadier-General Nicholson arrived in camp on the 8th of August, in advance of his force. His troops were expected on the 13th, and all would arnive by the 15th, on which date the army before Delhi would number about 11,000 men. Further reinforcements, it is computed, would, early in September, increase our numbers to 15,000 men. It is generally expected that the amsault on the city will take place on the 20th August. " The King is reported to be sending his Zenan to Ithotuck. " AGRA. "C All well at Agra, Cawnpore,and Lueknow. The greatest anxiety is felt regarding Lucknow. General Havelock after crossing the Ganges defeated the enemy at Oonor on the 30th of July. On the 3lst he attacked the enemy in a very strong poeition in the town of Busserat Gunje, and again defeated them with kreat slaughter, and took all their guns. His own loss was 88 killed and wounded. Be thu. retired on the Ganges, his small foree being burdened with sick aud wounded, and with the captured artillery. On the 5th of August he again advanced towards Lucknow, and gained twro more victories, on the 5th and on the 12th; he then found the enemy strongly intrenched in their positions, and numbering 50,000 men. Finding it impossible to cut his way to Lucknow, in the face of such a force, General Havelock was compelled to retire to Cawnpore and to wait for reinforcements. In the meantime the position of the gallant garrison of Lucknow is most precarious. Major Banks, who has acted as Commissioner since Sir H. Lawrence's death, has faUen; but the date of this melancholy occurrence is not stated. " The facts above stated aredrawn from newspapers and private letters, but they are believed to be substantially correct. No official account has yet been published. " BENGAL. "A party of the Berapore (Dinapore) mntineers has besieged Arrah, and a detachment of H.M.'s 37th Regiment advancing to relieve that place was drawn into an ambuscade and suffered very severely. Arrah has since been relieved by a force under Major Eyre. " BERRAIMPORE. "The 63d Native Infantry and Ilth Irregulars were disarmed 1st August. (This news was received by the last mail.) " CALCUTTA. "' The mutineers in Lower Bengal have again caused great alarm in Calcutta. The Governor Generals Body Guard has been disarmed. Apprehensions are entertained of a rising at the Mohurrum Festival, but careful precautionary measures have been adopted. Lord Elgin has arrived in Calcutta, and the Hon. J. P. Grant has been appointed Lieutenant-Governor of Allahabad, and Sir James Outram to the command of the troops in the Patna and Cawnpore districts. (This has also been anticipated.) "PUNJAUB. "The 26th Reegiment, which mutinied at Meest Meer (Meean Meer, Lahore), has been alnost entirely destroyed. All remains quiet in the Punjaub and at Sutby (Sutlej) States up to August 14 General Cortland has possession of Handi (Handl) and Hissar. His Highnews Mahsrajah Gholab Singh died on the 2d of August. " In Ajpoutara (Rajpootana) States, Nugserabad, it had been found necessary to disarm 105 of the 12th Bombay Native Infantry, they having refused to obey their commauding officers on the occasion of a drunken trooper of the Lancers raiing an alarm that the European troops were about to murder them. A court of inquiry is now Investigating this affair. " WEEMUCEH "There has been a disturbance at this place, of which the particulars are not fully known. Twentyone troopers of the 2d Light Cavalry hare deserted. " ABOOI. "The detachment of the Joudpore Legion, 50 men, at this place, have mutinied, and are supposed to have joined the Thakoor of Rowa, an outlawed chief, who is plundering villages and stealing cattle in the Serol country Mhow, and the Bhopol oon. tingent has mutinied at Sehgre. " Colonel Burard (Durand) reports the whole of Western Mahwa to be in a very disturbed sate, and that a large body of men are colloected at Mundisore "BOMBAY. "GUZERAT. "With the exception of symptoms of diuloyalty, immediately suppressed, the territory of the Rajah of Mundisore, tranquillity has been preserved in Guzerat. " KHOLAPORE. "The mutiny in the 26th Regiment bas been sup. proesed; 30 of the miutineers have been executed; others are undergoing their trial. " The head-quarters of the regiment at Kholaporo and the detachmeut at Rutnagherry, have been disarmed. The detachment of Euiropean troopg thrown into Rutnagherry, Belgaumn, Dasnear, and Sawunt Whasree, have preserved tranquililty in these districts. " At Belgaum three men have been executed for treasonable practices, one of them a Sepoy in the 29thN.I. " In Bombay itself, the Mohurrum has pased off quietly. "MA-DRAS. "The 8th Madras Light Cavalry has been dis. armed, for refusing to proceed to Bengal. "HYDERABAD. " All quiet at Hyderabad up to August 3. Some apprehensions were entertained that the Ohameasee BRajah of Sherapore was meditating rebellion, but arrangements have been made for crushing him. (Signed) " IL A. ANDER.0N, " Secretary to Goernmment." "Bombay Castle, August 31, 1857. " ML,MTf
FORIGN INTBLLIGENOB. FRPAC1E. (FROM OIUR OWN CORRMSPONnDYN- PARIS MOrNDAY, SrPT. 28, 6 r. The fact, of which there seems scarcely a doubt, that there are still in existence 300,000 men entitled to claim, for service in the French armies up to the year 1815, the newly-instituted medal of St. Helena, brings forcibly home to us the enormous magnitude of the military forces of the first Napoleon. Forty. two years have elapsed since the close of the 23 for service during any portion of which the medal is awarded, and-aUowing for the fact that during the last two or three years of the Empiro the scarcity of men was such that conscripts vere called to the colours when little over the age of 17-none of the claimants can be more than s few months under 60, whilo those who are so young are probably very few, for the mortality fromi sickness and fatigue was great among the lads thus prematurely levied, thousands of whom were left in hospital or disappeared totally from the ranks before they ever saw a foe. The mortality among the survivors during those 42 years was likely to be greater than the usual average, many of them having suffered from wounds, and most of them having endured the fatigues, privations, and exposure of arduous campaigns. Yet, in 1857, 300,000 remain. To account for this, we need to remember the scale of Napoleon's levies and the number of nations from which he drew his recruits. In 1805 he had 600,000 men in arms; in 1812, before the Russian campaign, 1,200,000, of which force 300,000 were in Spain, while half a million composed the Grand Atrmy, afterwards reinforced by 100,000 more. Of thetroops that went to Russia, and for the most p.art perished there, little more than one-third were Frech, the remainder being Germans, Poles, Italians, Swis, &c. In 1813, within a few months after his terrible reverse, his army attained nearly equal numerica strength, for he had a million of men in arms when the war in Germany began; the population of France, wrhich then included Belgium, Holland, the Hanse Towns, and the Roman States, amounting to 42 millions; so that 1 in 42 of the whole nation was under the colours. With the exception of Great Bntain there was scarcely a country in Europe that did not, at one time or other, furnish a contingent to the legions of that most wonderful of eonquerors. But a great manyof the foreigners who now have a right to the medal were Frenchmen in name and government at the time they earned it. As early as '1 795 Belgium and the other conquered territory on the left of the Rhine formed nine French departments; in 1800 four others were formed between the Meuse and the Rhine, and the Phine and the Moselle, and in this country, before its incorporation, a legion known as the Franks of the North had already been recruited. Savoy, Nice, and Monaco were early annexed; at the commencement of the century Piedmont formed the 27th military division, cornprising six departments. Italy, as far as Rome, was gradually absorbed; several German States were converted into four French departments; and, finally, Holland was drawn in and made into two military divisions. The absorption completed, In 1810 the 86 departments of France had been increased to 130, all of which furnished their regular quota to the conscription. Other countries, also annexed but not organized in departments, had to furnish troops. There were the Illyrian provinces, which Marmont governed; they yielded six regiments of Croat infantry and the Regiment of Illyria; in the lonian Islands, in the possession of France, were recruited a regiment of Albanians, a " septinsular" battalion, the Pandours and lonian Chasseurs. But these were by no means all-many nations that did not form part of France, but that were more or less under her domination, sent troops to the Imperial standard. Switzerland had constantly nearly 18,000 men with the French armies, besides the Battalion of Neuchatel and that of the Valais, raised in the department of the Simplon; Poland was a great feeder of Napoleon's armies, and it isestimated that 85,00OPoles fought inthe Russian campaign. Then there were Germanlegionsand battalions, from Westphalia, Hanover, Reese; contingents from numerous small German princes, supplied to Napoleon in his quality of Protector of the Confederation of the Rhine; there were three regiments composed of a medley of Hungarians, Swedes, Russians, Austrians, Saxons, Danes, Bavarians, Bohemians, prisoners of war compeUed to serve their captors. There was a Portuguese Legion, there was the Spanish regiment of J oseph Napoleon, and there was an Irish regiment. Finally, the army of Egypt, the Mamelukes of the Guard, and the Black Pioneers comprised Africans and Levantines, Turks, Greeks, Syrians, Maltese, c. It is estimated that 35 diff'erent nations contributed to the tremendous armies that so long made Europe one great battle-field, and to whose remnants, still a very numerous army of old men, has now been granted a memento of their campaigns. The Empress has arrived in Paris fi-om Biarritz, and it is believed that the Emperor will be here late to-morrow night, not taking the camp on his way, but revisiting it before it breaks up, which it is still expected to do upon this day week. The report here to-day is that the Empress will also go and present the Prince Imperial to his comrades of the G3uard. You are aware that he is borne on the strength of the Grenadiers, draws pay, and that his name is called at muster, when answer is made for him, " On leave with his family." The latest despatches received from the Danubian Principalities state that a much better understanding now exists between the Russian Commissioner, M. Basili, and the British and Austrian commissioners than was recently the case. This may perhaps be considered to confirm the growing belief that the Moldo-Wallachian question is likely to be settled with perfect harmony among all the Powers concerned. The Duc de Gramont, late Envoy Extraordlinary, &c., from the French Government to the Sardilian Court, and now appointed to that of Rome, arrived in Paris this morning from Turin. The Minister of Alarine has given orders that the war steamer Pr4gent, commanded by Lieutenant d'Osery, shall proceed forthwith to Pondicherry with officers of artillerv and marines. It is said that after the breaking up of the Camp of ChAlons some important changes will be made in the uniform and arms of certain regiments of the Imperial CGuard. Mi Barre, die-sinker at the Paris Mint, is at present executing a medal commemorative of the Stuttgart interview. A letter from Nantes of the 25th inst., says that a bottle had just been washed ashore, containing a paper, on which are s, few English
TElR HEALTH OF LONDON. (From the Weekly Return of the Registrar-GeneraL) The total number of deaths registered in L ondon in the week thatended on Saturday, September the 26th, is 1,002, and exhibits an increase on that of the previous week, which was 946. In the 10 years 1847-56, the average nuim. 'er of deaths in the weeks corresponding with last week was 1,239. But the deaths of last week occurred in an increased population, and if for the purpose of oomparison the average is raised in proportion to the incorease it wiU become 1,363. The difference between the deaths now returned and the corrected averae is 361, which, though it arises in part from the high rate of mortality at two periods when cholera was epidemlc, is to be attributed in a much greater degree to the improved state of health which London enjoys at the present time, and to that reduction of the mortality which is its necessary result. 'Under the influence of a falling temperature the mortality from diarrhcca is now fast subsiding to its ordinary weekly amount. In the two previous weeks the deaths from it were 144 and 111. Last week they were 83. Its rise and fall' have been extended over a period of 13 weeks, and in that time the mean weekly temperature has declined from 6S deg. to 59 deg. In addition to the 83 deaths from dlarrhcoa, dysentery was fatal to 7 persons and cholera to 3 persons (all the latter being adults!. Among the cholera cases a seaman is reported, who died at Horsleydown of "c holera Asistica " after 19 hours' illness on board of a ship which, in its voyage to London, had touched for nearly a day at Gluckstadt (on the Elbe, 30 miles below Hamburg), where the disease has lately prevailed. Next to diarrhcea the most fatal in the zymotic class of diseases is typhus (with common fever), which carried off 62 persons; then scarletina, of which 34 children died, 4 of these in the Bel. grave sub-district and 4 in the Mile-end Old-town upper. Thirteen children died from inanition and want of breastmilk; two3 persons of intemperance. Five widows had attained the age of 90 years and upwards-viz., three who were 90 'years old, one 93, and one who died near Tottenham.court-road at the age of 94 years. Last week the births of 836 boys and 820 girls, in all 1,706 children, were registered in London. In the 10 correspondinz weeks of the years 1847-56 the average number was 1,524. At the Royal Observatory, Greenwich, the mean height of the baroraeter in the week was 29'935 in. On the first three days the mean daily reading was above 30 in. The highest barometrical pressure occurred on Sunday (the 20th), and was 30.24 in. The mean temperature of the week was 59-1 deg., which is 3 9 deg. above the average of the same weelk in 43 years (as determined by Mr. Glaisher). The mean daily temperature was above the average through. out, except on Monday. The highest temperature in the shade occurred on Thursday, and was 73'G deg.; the lowest occurred on Monday, and was 41'5 deg. The entire ther. mometrical range of the week was therefore 321 deg. The mean dew-point temperature was 53 4 deg., and the difference between this and the mean air temperature was 5-7 deg. The wind was generally in the north-east till Tuesday af ternoon'; it then changed to the south-east, and on the last two days was for the most part in the south-vrest. Rain fell to the depth of 0'46 in., of which 028 in. fell on Friday.
COYEIVANTED A?bD UNCOVYNANTED. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Slr,-'Mr. Mangles, the Chairman of the Directors of the East India Company, is reported to have said that those in the Company's " Covenanted" service who have perished in the mutinies will be accounted as having fallen in battle, which meaus that the Company will assign an annual poension of 901. or 1251. to the widows, and about 401. to each of the childrea who hsve survived such persOnS But it should be understood by the pub* a a large proportion of the servants of the Company, consisting of collectors, clerks, &-c., and, strange to say, ehe whole ofthe educational department, including the professors and principals of colleges, are not in the covenanted service, and that for the survivors of this elass of sufferers neither annuity nor compensation of any kind is provided or pronised by the Company. It requires that none of these suflerers, any more than sufferers of any class, shall be allowved to perish fromn want-hut this Is all. I scarcely need say that in the application of the Relief aond this fact sbould be borne in mind. Hew far the Company is acting humanely or justly in restricting its aid to such limits is a qucstion that will probably come up rmother day. - I am, Sir, Yours. &c.. HUMANITAS. --?tusxmr, MP;. Lzs. Tam SnXRrFS' CPLANs.-Alderman Lawrence hes appointed an Ur,lt~rin minister (Mr. Thomas Madge, of Essex-eteet Chapel, Strand) to 'oe his ebaplain during tize year of his shrievalty. Mr. Sheriff Allen has appointed aB his chaplain the Rev. Thomas Grose, M.A., cuxa4Si. P~eter Church, Cornhiu.
THE IMPBB AL MBBTING AT STUTTGART. (FROM OUR SrOIAL COOItESPONDlE.) STUTTGART, szrr. 26. My narrative of yesterday put you in possesion only of the outline of the meeting of the two Emperors; to-day I can fill in that outline with some particulars, which, if not of highly exciting interest, have at least the merit of being authentic. Immediately after the King had conducted the Emperor Louis Napoleon to his own palace and introduced him to the Queen and the rest of the Royal family, he presented to the Emperor the members of the household and the Court officials. The Emperor bestowed on each a few affable words,t as far as this was poseible where the greater number of the persons addressed was totally unknown to him, and the household then withdrew into the side rooms and corridors, while the King and the Emperor on their part retired " dans leurs ineriets." Almost immediately afterwards, and while the retinue of the French Em. peror was improving it3 aequaintance with the members of the Wurtemberg household, the folding doors near where they were standing were thrown open, and the Emperor of Russia was announced as close at hand. The Emperor Louis Napoleon, immediately on being informedof the vicinity of theEmperor Alexander,lefthis apartment in all haste, and metthe Emperor Alexander just as he had advanced but a few steps into the room. They shook hands very cordially, and their countenances were made to express the greatest gratification at their meeting, and they thus withdrew into a private room, remote from eyes profane. When they parted, after thi3 first and not very lengthened interview, the Emperor Louis Napoleon, who at the moment of his hastening to meet the Emperor Alexander still wore the red riband of the Wurtemberg Order of the Crown, was observed to have on the blue baud of the Russian Order of St. Andrew. From the above you will perceive that, however much thought and calculation have been bestowed upon this meeting, the actual contact and grasp of the hand, the very aot of meeting, took place under very different circum. stances than doubtless had been reokoned on. Eaving given you the above, which, though an authentic account,is not very amusing, Iwill now report toyou what "perfectly well-informed persona" relate to each other and their friends as having taken place at the Palace, and, like all fables, it is a good deal more amusing than mere history. It was carefully arranged in the Palace, you must know, that the King was to occupy a large room adjoining the apartments of the French Emperor, and it was into the next room to the King's [on the other side that the Emperor Alexander was shown on occasion of this his visit. On a signal given by the King the doors were opened on each side, and the two Emperors, without according to each other a moment or an inch of precedence, advanced into the middle of the room and made each other's acquaintance in the King's presence. From an equally excellent authority, which is the source of all modern history, viz., soi-disant " wellinformed persons," I have learned the real and true reason why the two Emperors have agreed to meet at this Court rather than any other: it is because the King is very deaf, and so would be-. unable to catch all they might say in hix presence. If this were really meant for a joke it would not be so bad. To return, however, to the region of simple history. At 8 o'clock yesterday evening, soon afr dinner was over, the Emperor Alexander left the Royal Palace, and repaired with the Crown Prince and Princess to their villa at Berg. They were soon followed by the Queen and Princesses of Wurtemberg and tho QuGon of the Natherlands. At about 10 o'clock the King joined the party with the Emperor Louis Napoleon. There were present at this party not only the members of the Royal family, their Imperial guests and respective suites, but also the Wurtemberg IMinisters of State, the highest military officers, and the Corps Diplomatique. It is almost unnecesxary for me to add the following, which has been communicated to me as authentic, since any one can imagine it for himself without any such help-viz., that the Emperor Louis Napoleon conversed several times in the course of the evening with the Emperor Alexander and was evidently em{pressf in his manner both towards him and the Russian diplomatista who were in attendance on the Emperor. The proceedings of these august personages this morning, however, offer a marked contrast to the splendid and elegant festivities of last night. | The Emperor of Russia and his party went boar hunting. The Prince of Weimar drove out first in an appropriate hunting costume, and the Emperor of Russia, though in plain clothes, was conveyed to the scene of action in a Royal carriage and four, but the other Princes of the party indulged in the most unmitigated mufti, and intrusted their serene selves to every imaginable diversity of dogeart and drag that even Epsom races witnessed. Of the result of their sportIcannot give you any details; I only know that they seemed in very good spirits as they drove to the meet. The Emperor Louis Napoleon in the meantime was visiting, accompanied by the King, His Majesty's private studs at Weil, Scharnhausen, and Klein Hohenheim, establishments at which none but horses of pure Arabian breed are reared. The breeding of horaes, from which it is believed, on good archmological grounds, that Stuttgart formerly received its name, but which in modern times was totaUy neglected here, has been revived by the. present King with signal succes. Not only do all the Royal teams consist of beautiful well-matched full-blood Ara. bians, but also the cavalry horses are superior to any animals I have ever seen in the ranks; i there is hardly a horse in the Lancers Regiment, which has been doing duty at the Palace the last few days, that an English gentle- ! man might not be proud to ride in Rotten Row, The same exceUence is noticeable throughout the country as regards both horses and oxen, the whole of which improvement of the breed is the result of tho present King's untiring exertions, who, for his various merits in the promotion of agriculture and cattle-breeding, has been more than once dubbed by the united agriculturists of Germany, the " King of the farming interest." From these particulars it will be evident to you how great an interest the King must have taken in showing these establishments, and -what an! excellent choice of meams the Emperor in going through these inspections has made, if his object was even no better than that of giving his host pleasure. The dinner party at the Royal Palace to-day has, as I am told, included nearly all the distinguished persons who constituted the evening party of yestercdy at the Crown Princes viUa, but no details connected vith it have as yet reached my know. ledge. Immediately after the dinner the more immediate entourage of the King and the two Emperors drove out to Wilhelma, an elaborately-deco'rated summer residence of the King, built in the Moorish style, and containing not only some splendid hot-houses for palms and tropical plants, seldom shown to any stranger, but also a small collection of pictures of a style seldom found in galleries, and which, as being a peculiar weakness of the King's, are never shown to any stranger. This most elegant residence, a mixture of the Albambra and Chatsworth on a smaller scale, was this evening illuminated most brilliantly both inside and out,' and it was while the whole party was here that the Empress of Russia joined them, having for that purpose quitted the railway at Feuerbach, where the Emperor stopped two day3 back; The Empross was received there only by a few ladie of the Court and agentleman of the Crown Prince'3 household; the make-believe of the affair being, that she was oome unexpectedly to give hez husband a pleasant surprise. The Emprees of Russia had, on her trip from Darmstadt hither, as a travelling companion the Queen of Greece, who, however, did not alight at Feuerbach, but came on to the railway terminus in this town, and was thence fetched in the King's car. riage to the Royal Palace. By that tine the party wag rapidly returning from the Wilhelma, and collecting in the apartments of the Queen of the Netherlands. The Queen of Greece had arrived at the railway station of Darnstadt to visit the Emperor and Empress of Russia while there, just as the Emperor was leaving there by railway, last Wednesday, and it would almost look as if she had put up the Empress to this frolicsome notion of surprising the Emperor while here. As this is the eve of the Ring's birthday, the Lancers I have already mentioned drew up 'with their band in front of the Palace, and, according to old'custom, favoured His Majesty with a serenade, after which they paraded the streets adjoining and extended their musical favours to the public at large. At that time, about 8 o'clock this evening, while the Isancers, with their red and black pennants fluttering in the breeze, were stationed in tbe front of the Palace, every window of which was streaming with light, Royal carriages, with Arabian horses and scarlet and gold liveries, were fetching in from the railway and neighbouring hotels the more favoured of the evening, and at the other side of the Palace an uninterrupted line of private carriages was setting down the general oompany. One could distinguish among the crowd of every-day civil costumes that congregated in the space before the Palace various eccentric species of military uniform, realizing the wildest notions of any theatre property-man. Swabian and Swis peasantry, with long high boots, three-cornered hats, and coat-sleeves profusely pucfkered at the shoulders, troops of young votaries of the painter's easel and the sculptor's mallet, come hither from all German countries to attend the meeting of German artists, and displaying profuse quantities of unkempt hair undulating over shirt collars that were, perhaps, clean some time before the wearers left home; groups of rifle marksmen from the mountainous country round about, with the cherished piece slung over tho shoulder, with which each expects to wfin a prize next Monday,-all this, interspersed here and there with an elegant lady's toilette, and lit up with gas, formed about as promiscuous, though not as picturesque, a collection of human beings as one well could wish to see. One prominent feature, however, in the physiognomy of Stuttgart streets during the last week, viz., the vellum faces, with heavy silver-mounted spectacles, the long skirted single-breasted black coats, and the would-be white cravats, are vanishing rapidly, to the great gain of the town's appearance, for the Eirchentag is over, and the ecclesiastics are returning as'quickly as their natures wiiU permit to their respective parishes and pulpits The evening party given by the Minister for Foreign Afirs, Baron von Hugel, is just now, as I am about to close this letter, approaching its termination very fast; to judge from the externals of a long suite of room dazzlingly illuminated, and the quantity of company flocking thither on foot and in carriages, this party is also a brilliant one. M. deRayneval, the future French Minister at Sc. Petersburg, has accompanied the Emperor Louis Napoleon hither to be presented to the Russian Emperor; and, in addition to the Russian diplomates I have mentioned in a former letter, Gortachakoff, Nesselrode and Kisseleff, I am told that Barons Budberg and uBrunnow are also here, but I have not seen them. The Moniteur of yesterday publishes the followmg:- " STI,GART, SEPT. 28, 4.30 P.mL "This morning, at 10 o'clock, the King took the two Emperors, the Empress of Russia, the Queens of Wurtemberg, of Holland, and of Greece, the Princes and Princesses, to Cannstadt, to witneps the popular festival, a great agriculturalflte, which takes place annually under the presidency of the King. "The :E:mperor of Rua, the Emnperor of the French, the King, and the Princes went on horseback. "The immense multitude assembled in the Hip. podrome and in the valley loudly cheered the Royal Cortge. "'The spectacle was imposing as well as picturesque. " At noon their Majesties the Emperor of Ruaia and the Emperor of the French went to a djeo4ncr at the villa of the Prince Royal. The Minister of Foreign Affairs and an Aide-de-Camp of their MIa. jesties were present at this meeting. " At 3 o'clock the Emperor Napoleon returned to the Palace at Stuttgart. At 4 o'clock His Majesty took leave of the Emperor and Empress of Russia, who have just left. " This evening the Emperor accompanies theKing to a representation at the theatre. " The health of the Emperor is excellent. " His Majesty leaves to-morrow, at half-past 8, for Metz.,)
THE LATE GENERAL WHERLBR. T1O THE EDITOR OF THE TMEs. Sir,-Respect for the memory of a gallant soldier induces me to address you on the subject of an ungenerous attack made on the character of the late General Wheeler In the United Servicc Gazatc of last Saturday. p It was stated that the General was not wounded in action; that he shut himselt up] in his quarters (where were they t); that he was never seen by the little garrison; and that he delegated his authority to a young officer of Her Majesty's 32d Regiment. Now, this account is so totally at variance with the character of the late General Wheeler that, but for the benefit of many who have no means of becoming acqusinted with the trath, it would be scarcely worth while refuting it. In consideration of this, however, I have the pleasure to forward to you an extract from a letter written by an officer of rank in the little garrison at Cawnpore on the 26th of June to a friend in Calcutta. It is as follows:- W We re In a dreadful plight hero: Goe only knows wbt Is to beoone of Us all. Our able and galilnt leader, Sir Hugh Wheeler, is now no more. He received a mortal wound in the sauy msde the dsy before yesterday, and was breught into the intrenobcmenxt to breath, bis laat among his own race. Nobly he fought, and bhaTely he feU moet deeply and sincerely regretted by hi gallant lttle bond. Hi death has cast a glooDm, now grater than ever. over our (shall I say doomed) fate. We are short of men. no rVilAons, no water, and hardly any ammunition lett Now we are thbiingof a utotongt together to capitulate to the esemy, our only and last reeource * but are not the * tender merdes ' of the heathen cruel 2 I send thl letter by a truStwortby native servant of mine on to Allahabad, whence it will be rted to Calcutta. I know not If it wiU ever reachyou However, ere It reaches you our fate wil be decdded. Oh I the wretchedness areund." The native to whom this letter was confided remained long enough at Cawnpore, however, to witness the capitulation and its results. According to this man's account the massacre took place thedayaftertheaboveletter was written -namely, on the 27th of June. The little jaded, starved, worn out force surrendered, The public are aware of all that followed. Hoping you will do me the favour to insert this vindioatiost of the late Sir Hugh Wheeler in your paper, I am. Sir. Yours obedientl- ML C. DELCUZFAU. ColoZcL une±zennam, S3pt. 2W.
THE TELEGRAMS. TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-Cannot Government appoint some competent person at Malta to frame a telegraphic despatch which will embrace the latest and freshest news, and so condensed a. will render the repetition of old intelligence needless and emendations s,uperfluous? Surely, too, the message can be transmitted from Cagliari to the Admiralty in less than 30 hous. At such an anxious time Government should have more regard for those who have friends in India. Such news sa we peoeives vid Malta and Acting-Consul Green is a mere mockery of our morrow. I trus that by the aid of your powerful pen this state of things my speedily be rectified,jad I am ure the country will endorse my sentiments. I an, Sir, you very aithfullY. R. H. B, Dep; W.
THE GOVERNMENT OF IDDIA. TO THE EDLTOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I am encouraged by the notice taken of my former communication to hope that you will, give apace in your columns to a few words more for theG purpose of more clearly explaining the views of policy I advocate, which it is manifestly of great importance that the public should understand. The native army of Bengal has revolted on the declared ground of alarm for caste and creed, and this notwithstanding that the Government has professed to be guided in its dealings with all classes by principles of perfect toleration and noninterference. It is, indeed, a recognized part of the nation's policy in this century-one of the improvements in the spirit and intelligence of the age, to leave conscience perfectly free, and, as a Government, to abstain from all attempts to convert subject races to the particular faith professed by the rulers. We govern Ireland, which is substantially Catholic, and many colonies and possessions of which the inhabitants differ from us in religion, upon this liberal principle. There is not only no attempt to coerce the population to adopt Church of Englandian, but every one-sided piece of legislation by which it was heretofore sought to enforce or induce conformity, and every disability for holding office or for exercising civil rights of any kind, imposed with the same end, has been studiously removed from our statutte-books; and nothing of the kind is attempted to be introduced into any colony or posion of differing faith that may be obtained by conquest or in auy other way. It is, indeed, a recognized principle of Government that dominion over populations professing a different religion from their rulers, especially when it is the dominion of an alien race, can only be maintained by satisfying the people on this point. Individual missionaries-even associated missionaries-may exert themselves to preach any tenets they please. If they give offence there may be a local riot, which the Govermment must exert itself to suppress by displaying perfect impartiality and admninlstering strict jutice. It Is thus uncomproraised on such occasions, and looked up to with confidence as the source of order, and the prestige of the nation's sovereignty is not only unimnpaired, but 'further extended and confirmed by each occurrence of the kind. The people of India, though not Christian sects of any denomination, have yet religions of their own, to which they are asstrongly attached as are any Christians to their particular faith and tenets. The dominion over them, aoquired and maintauned through the East India Company, was established from the first upon the principle of absolute noninterfernce ith case and religion. It was known to be the only condition upon which faithful service could be obtained from the natives of the country, and the necessity for especial caution in adhering to this traditionary policy was impressed by the lesson of the mutiny of Vellore, which Colonel Sykes has reminded you occurred just 51 years ago. There has been no change of this policy since that epoch. Perfect toleration and non-interference were still the declared principles of rule in 1857. Why, then, should our Bengal native army have revolted upon the avowed ground that they supected the Government of designs to make them Christian? The answer istoo evident; because, through theinfluence of the proselytizing party on one hand, and of the men of progress and promoters of enlightenment on the other, measures have been ado pted and courses pursued which have excited well-founded alarm in the minds of men attached to the ancient superstitions and to caste prejudices, and not less so among the Mahomedans. It is quite unnecessary to recapitulate the particular measures, nor will I stop to inquire who was most in fault, and to hold the balance of blame between the theorists and advocates for education and enlightenment on one hand andthe proselytizing colonelsandsecretaries and members of boards and of councils on the other. Enough that we see the mischief that has resulted from the Government having lost the confidence of its Sepoys and incurred their suspicion. The wrhole power of England will have to be exerted, with a fearful expense of money, entailing a sacrifice of life such as the world has seldom witnessed, in order to restore the position temporarily lost. And how make up for the immense injury to property from the rapine and anarchy that has reigned? How console the families of the innumerable victims of a barbarity never heretofore let loose with like effect against the Anglo-Saxon race in any part of the world? But it is not with this part of the question that we have at present to deal. I assume our position to be retrieved In a military point of view by the presence and triumphs of the 80,000 British soldiers who will have arrived rnd taken the field in India long before the close of bhis year. " What is to be our policy then?" is the question it is of so much importance now to determine. Are we to follow the lead of the Evangelical party, who are blowing loud the trnmpet of conversion to Christianity, and proclaiming war to the knife against caste, and creed, and Islam. Or are we to adhere to the traditionary policy of strict non-interference, drawing this further lesson from the past, and profiting by it-namely, that it is not enough to declare and profees the policy, but caution must be used to prevent the spread of any well-grounded suspicion of our sincerity in the profession ? This question has been taken up as if it was merely one between the Government and its Sepoys. But this is a very narrow view of it, and not at aU that which I desred to impress on the public of this country. The native army of Bengal being no more,-a mere thing now of history and of the past,-we are free to give to the force we substitute for it any constitution we prefer. Regiments of Sikhs we shall of course have in reward for the fidelity shown by the soldiers of this race on the present occasion. But we must not have too many of these, for they, too, revolted and murdered their European officers in the times of anarchy that followed the decease of Runjeet Singh. (Caffres, Malays, and Burmese, men wholly without religion and caste prejudices, may be sought out, and no one could possibly object if we were even to make the eating of beef and pork a condition of enlistment, so as to exclude entirely the classes who have proved so treacherous. But I am not discussing the constitution to be given to the Indian army, neither are those who are now preaching throughout the country upon proselytizing texts. It is their desire to impress on the Government what they call a more dhristian character-that is, to make it aid more actively the work of conversion to Christianity, to cause it to be no longer tolerant and noninterfering, but decidedly hostile to the religions of the country. It is the policy towards the population at large that is the subject for inquiry and consideration, not the mode of treating Sepoys and native soldiers. Your correspondent " Indophilus" justly observes:- " We cannot resume the effective admnistration of the North-West Provinces and Oude unless we are assured of our personal safety, and am able to regard the natives with a feeling of kdndness and confidence." There is no doubt that confidence must be reciprocal between the governors and the governed, or there can be no good government. Will those who are so loud in their advoacy of proselytizing measures pretend that it is by avowing such a policy that Government will best gain its end of restoring confidence ? Why, it is the suspicion only that such views have been entertained that has driven our native army to revolt and set the whole of flindostan in a blaze It is the mission of England, they say, to convert. So did James I. regard it as his mission to bring England back to Popery; and as he gave his Crown for a mass, ao would those men not scruple to sacrifice the influence and the dominion of England in India oa the altar of their idiocyncracy, discarding all views of worldly wisdom, and calling themselves instru- ments of Providence for carrying out His purposesinstruments such as the Jesuits of Japan, and of China, and of Cambodia proved themselves-that is, instruments for their own destruction and that of hundreds of thousands with them. But I maintain that it is not an open question whether our Indian Government shall Dersevere in its course of perfect toleration and strict non-interference or not. The Governor-General has put forth a proclamation pledging the Government and the nation to do so, and this proclamation has been specifically approved, and confirmed and adopted by the authorities of this country who were competent to speak for the Queen and the people of England. The advocates, therefore, for what they call a more Christian policy, that is, aproselytizing and persecuting policy are seeking to induce the nation to commit a breach of the puhlic faith, and to lay their Governor-General open to the imputation of perfidy and deceit. He will be justly charged with proclaiming one thing and doing intentionally another, if he have to cartL out their views and purposes. Es this a fit position for your Governor-General and for those honest adminixtratora who are labouring to re-establish the Anglo-Saxon nation in the good opinion and confidence of the population of India to be Plcdin?S bEtplace be said that I am oppo ed to all measures of progress in taking this lIne so strongly; that the educational meaur and the legislative measured to promote sound improvemeut have contribated largely to create the suspicion of hostile designs in the Governmentagainst the religion and customs of the Hindoos; that my argument would require these to be whEolly stopped, lest suspicion should continue to be felt. On this part of the subjoct I draw a broad line, easily followed out iu practice. I advocate as strongly as any one measures of social improvement by means of education, or in any other shape; but these, to be effectual, must be carried out with caution. The ground must be well prepared beforehand. Measures must not be proposed, nor a course of policy adopted, which, by offending the large majority, will be sure to raise an opposition fatal to their succes. What shall and what shall not be attempted in this line is always a mere question of pnrdence and of calculation upon grounds of expediency. Not so with proselytizing efforts. These, per se, are collisions with the people professing other religic s, and are acts of perfidy and breaches of faith if avowed or adopted by a Government that has pledged itself by proclamation to act otherwise. But proselytizing efforts may be carried out in a manner to assume the appearance of mere measures of progress, and against these we must especially be on our guard. Preferences for office and one-sided legislation beneficial to converts to Christianity will be seen through at once by the acute Hindoo or Modem, and will be looked upon with more hatred and xspicion than the most direct support of misa sionariee Such measures must be carefully avoided hereafter. The Act of the Legislative Council, so often referred to with pride as one of mere toleration and justice, is really of this character. It provides that no one shall lose any right of inheritance by Changing his religion. If the heir, therefore, of the Rajahof Burdwan were to'become Christian he could not be excluded from the succession though he of course could not perform the funeral rites which y Hindoo law are the condition of inheritance. e wl t;ake the raj, therefore, and the estates, real and personal, for a Hindoo has no power of willing them away. Suppose he dies childless, leaving a brother who is a Hindoo, will his estate, as a Christian, pass necessarily to that brother by Hindoo law; or will it not be administered au the estate of a Christian throuo our Ecclesiaical Courtz, with full effect given to a will, leaving the whole, or a large portion, to his missionary preceptor? This in a point that was not sufficiently considered when that law passed. I refer to the case as an example of one-sided legislation, bearing the appearance of oterfect jus*oe and impartiality, but really far otherwise. And why should we interfere with the question of Hindoo maLriages, or prohibit polygamy, or attempt any other social reforms of that id until the Hindoo mind not only at the Presidency and princ:pal towns, but throughout the entire continent of India, has been fully prepared for the changes propoed ? Here I leave the question at present. It is a large one, the full discussion of which would fill a volume. The population of India has not yet lost all confidence in its Anglo-Saxon Government, nor has it participated generally in the suspicion and distrust that have excited the Sepoys to revolt. Do not lend your powerful advocacy to a course of policy sure to create this mischief, and threatening to involve us In calamities greater far than that of our Sepoy revolt. The Times of this morning contains a letter from Lord Shaftesbury, disavowing asociation with the party that is preaching a crusade against the religIons of India, and avowing himself the advocate of toleration and strict impartiality. I rejoice to have elicited from this earnest and much-respected nobleman such a declaration of conformity with the sentiment I deem it of so much importance to impress on the public, and to enforce by every possible argnment. But the noble earl qualifies hia avowval of impartiality by declaInn " that it is high time for the Government of India to declare itself to be a Christan Government that, will protect and countenance all its co-religionists in every legitimate effort to promulgate .and advance the truth" His Lordship adds, "If Christianity may not be taught in tche Government schools, they (the Governmnent) had better leave the schools altogether to tha labours and zeal of the missionary bodies," for " it is monstrous that in a countrylike India, the exidting powers, being themselves Christian, should establish places of instruction and by an official decree exclude the Bible." Thus Lord Shaftesbury would change the character of our Government by making it more Christian than beretofore, and by directly asmociating it with efforts to convert to CAristlanity. Howv can hereconcile this with the principle of strict impartiality?I He wrould make the Governmnent the ally of misionaries, who are by word and by action, in spirit and upon principle, the bitter enemies of exiStiDg superstitions. The character of their hostility may be seen in the terms in which they refer to the ceremonies of Juggernaut, and to other rites and customsof cherishedobservances among the indoos How will the men of this religion distinguish between their declared enemies and the Government in alliance with them I His Lordship draws too wide a distinction for practical application to the state of things in thdia, and I doubt not that upOn further consideration he will see that the change of policy he advocates would not be consistent with the proclamation of the Governor-General, which has pledged the Government to the same toleration and absolute non-interference which have been the rnle hitherto. P. Sept. 28.
TO THE ZDITOS OP THE TIMB& Slr,-It gives me and all my female acquaintances Infinite satisfaction to find thAt at last the encroachments of the stronger sex upon our limited occupations is seen in iR proper light. The practice of employing stalwart young men for work that naturally belongs to women is a shameful injustice, and one of the excuses alleged, "that women will not be waited upon by women," must have been invented by the young tapeyards themselves; for I feel sure that the soloe of all my sex wll go with me when I say that we should infinitely prefer the attendanoe of women. To see a long line of whiskered heroes showing off silks, selecting trimmings, and ticketing frippery has always caused me to feel supremP oontempt for the "manl mind" that can content ltself with such an oocupation, and the excuses given by them for refusing to serve their country In the present emergency truly shows that their effeminat employment has given them corresponding hearts. What is left for a woman who wishes honourably to sup. port herself save the overstocked offices of governess, domes. tic service, or scaut-paid needlework 7 'Surely it is time that other employments were thrown open to us, and that men leave us some chanoes of earning, not alone a scanty pittance, but the cheering prospect of an old age exempt from toil and privations achieved through our own in. dustry. When fathers perceive that the servioes of their daughters wiLl be fairly remunerated they ill think it as necessary to fit them for their prospective career as is the case with our more fortunate brothers Why should not girls receive a commercial education, and why should it be a cause of anxiety and sorrow to a poor professional man to be the father of a number of daughters? Thousands of young romen in England are most desirous of finding occupation and relieving their overburdened parents and relatives of the expense of supperting them. But it is in vain they look: there is nothing for them to do. Better, indeed, had ;e remained in ignorance than with instruction to awake to the bitter feeling that all nature hi work to do. but for as is an aimless existece. MAIRY. ept. 2,.
DRAPERS' ASSISrANT& TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I havre read your remwks on the letter of the " Draper's Assstant," and beg through your columns to inform that yonmg man and his brethren that if any of them would join the dep6ts at Parkhurst they rould havo n > occasion to associate with " navvies, labourers, and worse," for n Iarge proportion of rectclts axe of a auperior clas. I sboio a list of tho several traes of recruits who have joined the dep6is stationed here-inz, the 15th, 30th, 55th, and 96th-within the lsst fortnight, from whom the dir.are asigthnts m t select their conniona - so Bseo I may an one geneman's son, wnose nome was rendered unoomfortable by a stepmother and thr servants. I have the honour to be, Sir. TOUr obodient servant. ; Jr, Parkhurst, Sept, 26.
AME:RICA, (BY ELEOC r A£TND INE RNATIONAL TELEGiRAM) LtVERIVOOL, TtMSnAY. The Liverpool, New York, and Philadelphia Company's screw steamship iCaugaroo, Jetfrey commnander, has arrived froat New York with one day's later advices, but no specie. The steamship Raranon a, from Hamburg and Southampton, had arrived at Neew York, The Massachusetts State Convention, under the presidency of Isaac Davies, of WVorcester, had nominated by acclamation Erasmus B. Beach, of Springfield, and Albert Carrier, of Neuburg Fort, as candidates for the offices of Governor and Lieutenant-Governor of Massachusetts. The other nominees are as followvs:Secretary of State, Jonathan E. Field, of Stockbridge; Treasuror, Charles 'Thompson, of Charlestown; Auditor, S. L. Mea.1, of Nantucket; and for Attorney-General Ezra Wilkinson, of Dedham. Returns at Portland from the "(ith, adlditional, had been received, which gave a Republican majority of 1,180. Two htndred and one towns heard from gave Mowill (IRepublican) a majority of 9,240 over Smith (Democrat) for Governor. The following had been nominated as the Republican delegates to the State Convention from Albany County :-second district, Jacob J. 'Werrer and George Woolford; third, Ira and George L. Thomas; fourth, James V. WVoolhouse and Leonares van Decar. The first dis- "'ill elect itt. delegates on the 19th. t. ' - Washington reported the receipt of most satistaccory advices from Comunander Foote, of the United States'sloop-of-war Portsmouth, dated off Nyman river, Siam. 'he second King had visited the Portsmouth. It was the first instance of a King of Siam having gone on board of a foreign vessel. Several vessels were about leaving for the United States with sugar, the chief staple of the coumtry. From Washington had been reported the aproiuitment of William R. Calhoun, of South Carolina, as Secretary of Legation at Paris, in place of O) Jennings Wise, of Virginia, resigned. The fh:;liecial crisis in the city had in a great measure subsided. The Bank of Commerce consented to redeem its notes, but temporarily refused depositors' c!;ecks. The run on the banking-houses had ceased, and tuey all continued to pay, and confidence was generally 'restored. The contract for carrying the United States' mail over the land route to California had been signed at New York; it is to run for six years and to go uito effect in 12 months. Mill No. 2, of the MIarket Cotton Company, had l een destroyed by fire; loss of $10,000. The storm which had raged along the Southern coast had proved most disastrous to the shipping, and several steamers had been crippled and compelled to put into the nearest port. The California steamer Central America, with several hundred passengers a.id l ,000,000 in specie, which left Havannah on the 5th inst., one hour before the Empire City, had rot been heard of, and serious fears were entertained for her safety. Tho latter steamship, with z70),000 in specie for New York, had put into Norfolk in distress. T'he steamer Norfolk had been sutik in the Chesapeak. The Southern had reached Charleston almost a complete wreck, and a new steamer, the Colnmbia, bad arrived at the ssme port with both wheelhouses carried avway. AdNices at St. Louis on the lth inst. from Ijauzas report the Constitutional Convention as e)-rinanently organized. Surveyor-General Calhoun was elected President, andl his speech indicated that he was in favour of submitting a constitution to the people. 300 troops had left Leavenworth on the 9th for New Mexico. The reported slaughter of 400 Indians by Colonel Sunumers's troops was contradicted. Later advices from California, Washington territory, and the Sandwich Islands had been received at Havannah ; those from the first were unimportant. The majority of Stevens for Governor of WashiDgton territory was 517; 20 Democrats and five lepublicans had been elected to the Legislature. By the arrival at Mobile of the steamship Quaker C-ity advices had been received at Havannah to the 13th inst. The news was unimportant. Sugar firru and unchanged. Two slavers had been run ashore and burnt between Cardenas and Matanzas, and three cargoes of slaves had been landed in Cuba vwitbin a week. Exchange on the 10th quoted as 10 to 101 per cent. premium. At New York no new failures had been reported, and the city was becoming more quiet. Those in want of money were obliged to do without it. MIerchants strongly relied on each other for assistance, and tho banks, oin the average, were discounting to the amount of their receipts. No failures had been heard of from the Western cities. At St. Louis money was scarce, but thero was no pressure; also at Chicago, Cincinlati, Detroit, Cleveland, Louisville, &c.,-at Cincinnati in consequence of the failure of two leading banking houses, the Trust Company and Smear and Co.] Exchange on New York had advanced to 2 per cent., with occasional sales at 2-. This fact was expectedI to force a large amount of gold to the Atlantic cities. The sales at the Stock Board had been limited, and prices variable. The sale of Bank shares con Gined to a few institutions only, and at a alight decline. The whole railroad list showed weakness compared with the closing rates of the previous day; an improvement was noticed in Virginian Sixes of 1 Der cent; Missouri, 1 ; Cleveland and Toledo shares, J ; Galena and Chicago, 1). In New York Central Shares there was a decline of I ; Erie, 2 ; Reading, 3 i; IUiinois Central, 2. Cotton-market continued depressed by the state of money afifars, and sales were reported for cash at 4C. off current quotationa. Orleans, 13,c. ; upland, 15'c. for middlinf. Common and medium grades of Western flour firm, with a good dermand, and in some instances an improvement realized. Southern in better demuand, and high grades firmer. For wheat a good export demand, and prices had advanced somewhat irregularly. Corn firmer. Rye, advance not maintained. All lards of pork in favour of buyers. Beef steady at the decline. Lard again lower at the reduction. Bacon in slow demand. Butter free of sale. Cheese worth 6ic. to 9ic., with little good under 7c. Spirits of turpentine in better demand and holders firm. The heaviness in sugar had resulted in a deoline of lc. on refining sorts, and ic. on grocery muscovado. Freights to Liverpool not maintained for grain; for cotton, id. to 6-3Sod. compreased and noncompressed; flour, 1i. 6id. To London.-Oilcake, 2s. 3d. per barrel ; turpentino, 2s. 9d. NEW ORLEAN-N, SEr. 16. Cottonbuoyant. Sales-400 bales, at 151c. to I 6i.c. for middling to good middling. Receipts last week, 4 U) bales. Cotton to Havre, Ic.; sterling exchange, S percent. premiunm.
LIVERPO, 'L, Tes8day.-The Royal M8ail scrOw steamshiP General Wlkiams, Captain Flynn, arrived thi8 mnorning from P'ortland anda Sit John's, Newfoundland. Her dates from the latter port are to thel.9th inst., but they do not contain any news of interest. LORD JOHN RUB!4ELL ANhD THIE DLSsTEIS.R OF SIeFFIELD.-1uring Lord John Russell's visit to Sheffield an address wag presented to him by the Nonconformist rinisters of that town in which they expressed their belief that the imputations m~ade against his Lordship in reference to the course he had adopted while at Vionza were unfounded, and gave their opinion that when the p rOper time uhould arrive for ani explanatijon upon all th points he would be able to show that he had acted with consistency and honour. Lord John Russell, in returning thanks for the address, expressed his adwixation at the moderation nnld enera conduct of the 1'rotestant Dissenters. The noble lrd, in allusion to his mlssion to Vienna, said he had always been convinced that vwhatever o0i ions might gain gTo;ind for a time, EDglis wved- as to the character of any statesma4 Itwasrightlysaid tL'at the tim e had not yet arrived in which to make fuU explanhtions a6 to his conduct at Vienna. Being on that occasion employed as the contidential agent of his Sovereign, he thought it hbeter that his reputation as a statesman should suffer than that he ohould make untimely explanation5 .Most certainly he heloved at tho time, though he might be mistaken, that the mea.Rures which he proposed and Sup. ported were for the interests Of his country, though perhaps lie had thought niore of the interests of his country than of the preailing passions of the tiuiq,
TUB GOORRRAS. The enclosed is an extract from a letter from the medical officer in charge of the Goorkha force marching towards Lucknow, alluded to in Thte Times of yesterday. Major Rolmes accompanied the writer for two or three days from Segowlie, and was murdered the day after his return. " Goorkha Carp, Kurowna, July 20. "Here we are, and I am well, and that is about all I can say. "We have had a terrible outbreak of cholera; many hundreds of cases, and vast numbers of deaths. I have had no help, almost no medicines, and no hospitals; the men lie on the wet ground; they have al-most no covering, no proper food, and no attendance at all. " This is an out of the way place, 30 miles from Goruokpore and 16 from the river Ganduck, which was an obstacle of four days to our march. The elephants swam over, but the river was three and a-half miles wide, running a torrent, and we had only 25 boats for all the men and baggage,6,000 men (3,000 soldiers and 3,000 camp followers), 450 carts, with 900 bullocks and 250 horses. ' "I don't believe we are destined to see any active service. I thlnk they never will be asad enough to trust suoh a set of barbarians in the field, They will do the work of destroy. ing villages and settling disturbed districts well enoughThey suffer much from the heat; quite as much as we do. They march with umbrellas, and often with fans. They have no notion of keeping together, and are the dirtiest set I ever saw in my life. They eat ravenously, and their food is uncooked, or nearly so. They take no care or notice of their sick, 400 of whom we had to leave on the other side of the river. "We are living (3 of us) in tents, amid hordes of aU kinds of vagabonds; but externally at least all is quiet abou here, and the name of these Ghoorkas may possibly do good deal.'
TO TEEE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-I have just 'seen your impression of yesterday, and have perused with the greatest satisfaction the very excellent letters contained therein from your correspondents "Indophilus" and "X." Nothing can be more sound than the views taken by these parties of the course to be pursued by Government both in reg,ard to the present and future of our Indian Empire. Yrour own able article of Saturday on your correspondent " P's" letter left little more to be said on that question, but it is still highly satisfactory to see the principles therein laid down so strongly corroborated by one of 25 years' personal experience of India, like your correspondent" X"' With him 1 consider the fears of your correspondent P" as wholly groundless, and the objections he makes to- our pursuing a less temporizlng course as a Government in future, by ceasing to countenance in any way whatever the abominations of idolatry and superstition, or to pander to caste, are but a repetition of the arguments made use of at the time against the abolition of suttee and human sacrifices, I am perfectly satisfied myself that so long as we leave our subjects full liberty to follow their own modes of worship we shall render oursel;ves more respected and our Government infinitelymore influential by avowing, as a Government, that we are Christians, and, as you say, " acting up to that avowal." Your correspondent " P." like Colonel Sykes, appears impressed with the notion that the mutiny which has dissolved the Benaal army has arisen from the mutineers suspecting the Government of a design to make them Christians, and that the greased cartridges confirmed them in their suspicions. But each succeeding mail accumulates evidence to prove that, although the rebels adopted this plea, it was altogether a false one, and that instead of, as Colonel Sykes wouldhave uS believe, theoffence of thegreased cartridges having ended in a rebelion " among our bitter enemies, the AMahomedans," these said enemies have for long been only hiding their time to make a bold effort to overthrow our rule; and thinking they had found it in the paucity of European troops in the provinces, and our hands full with Persia, &c., they raised their common battle-cry, II The faith !" and cunningly used the greased cartridges to excite the fears of the bigoted Hindoo. Let Government only act upon the wise counsel contained in the letters of your correspondents " Indophilus" and " X.,"-punish with fitting severity the guilty (and there cannot be a more severe punishment for the Brahminand IRajpoot, and the 3Iussulran also, than that of transportation) and reward the faithful. Govern India in future according to the genius of Christianity and the great moral law contained in tho Ten Commandments, embody only a sufficient native soldiery to carry on the police and revenue administration of the country, and keep up a European army oof not less than G0,000, including artillery (which must be wholiy E3uropean i n future), and " P." may rest assured that all his fears for the safety of those " devoted servants" of Government to whom he alludes wllM prove as vain as did those of the timid and fearful class of Indian politicians who proclaimed, when the abolition of suttee was proposed, as loudly as " P" does now, that the entire population would rise aaainsi us. While I much approve the letter of " Indophilts," I cannot coincide in his high commendation of the Mahomedans of India as soldiers, nor at all agree with the opinions expressed by Colonel Hodgson and General Jacob, and quoted by " P.," as to their faithfulness to the English Government. The conduct of the cavalry in the late revolt, composed as they are chiefly of MIahomedans, is a sufficient refutation of all they have written in their favour. Nor is the fact of the present faithfulness of Mooltan and Affghan levies, or even of the Scinde Horse themselves, distinguished as they have ever been, any guarantee for the future. Gintil they have been tampered with by those parties who have succeeded in corrupting to its very heart's core the Bengal Mussulman Sepoy and trooper-until they have passed through this sarme fiery ordeal unscathed, I attach very little weight to their boasted faithfulness, and am compelled, after the Mahomedan troopers of such men as Fisher, Blake, and Holmes becoming their assassRins, to doubt the faith of any and all of them. 1 am, Sir, your most obedient servant. J. H. MACDONALD, LIeutenant.Colonel. ureenocu, :5ept. Mo.
(Advertisement.]-Wyld's Now Map of India.-India AuufDelhi.-WVYld'a Now Map of India, with ad the Clvi] and Military Stations, Table,s of Distances, do.; in sheet, lie.; In case,;£1. Indi.,, showinx the Poet oads, Dawk Statlons, and RD%iwy s;one bheet, 5d.; In case, s. 6d. India and the Brmoan Bepire; ono aeoet. s.; in case, Se. India, 4to. is. ; In ease, 2s. Wyid's Map of Delhi, with the fortifications, cantonmente, &o. ; In sheet, Is.,; in ease, 2s. Jamn's yd,gorPher to the Queen, Chasing-cos at oposite Nur. chavnheei dstreet, next door to the post-office, and 2, toyal Ex. [Advertiseiment. J-" TheBirthof BelphcebeaudAlmorett'l after Leitch. The Royal Picturesinthe "ArtJournal"forOctober (prloe 2s. 6d.) are-` The Prison Girouv," after Bouvy, and "1The Birth of BelDphwbe andAmorett," after Leitch, Theficolptre Is "The Hunters' by T. Crawford. T'he litesary oontente Itoludo-" Tintesette at VnIAe, tend mr. Ruakin"-` EngrAvings aod Armour in the Se s- chbeter Art Treasures Exhibition"-" British Artists, No. XXIB , Gere Lane," Wilustrated-" Talk of Pictures and the Painter" C olodion and Photogaphy," y IL. Hunt, F.R.S.-" The Pook- of the Thaese," by Mr. and Mrs. S. 0. HaOI, illustratod--'C1ivh Architecture," by Dr. P. Kugier, oe. Virtue and Co., 25, Paternogtft,row. London, and all booksellers [Advertoiement.)-Mr. Bentley a Popular Ne. Series.- We extract from ouLr contermpormar, tso " North Riding Advertiser." the followinog nottoB of Charies Reade's extraordinr novel, "It is Never too Late to Mend." Touo Issue of a cheap editiona at I, of such a noyfel, oHrht to be the occasion of a publin testimnoniul to Ms. hontley-a testimonial to which each reader can readily csntrihute by teprwofacopy of the hook, The drson wanceg are told with teIeidrnatic po)wer-OCharlseaes zadirably succee3ded. The pictures of Australian U(e are true to antoure and pointed with a. rane power. We meat cordially reowmmend this work for general perullal. " Never Too Late."1 of which nearly 50,000 copies have been sold, IA followed up- by Atr. Bentley with Mrs. Moodie'.s ' Roughing It In the Bush," Mfro. Mackenzie's "1Six years in India, with an Account of Delhi." Major Wsrhurton's "COonquest of Canada," CuthbertBed's Neaer nd eare," hirey rooa' Aspen Court,' of Wich any hunenricopis wee innedateysod Of the last book,the nw wok hr harls Reas, "heious eoTreLe" 21.00 opIs wse oldthi da (he ay f phllatinl.Mr.Benie LAdvertisement.4-" The S Tire of B aechwoodt; by Scrutator, dedicated to the Duke of Baufort, I now readY at all the libraileg, in S vole " There is a fresh and hearty trutbfulnees about the 'E quire of Beechwood' wbicb makes his history what it is evidently deeigned to be-an iWustrstion froa actual life of the eodat and domcstic adventures of an Engitsh gentleman of the present day." -John BUU. AIeM, just published, " The Story of My Life " by Lord William Lennox, 3 rols. ' True to Nature." 2 voles. "The leader wilU be at no loss for amtusement In nerusing 'Tre toNature. It hu to recommend it an agreeble atyle. and some striking events snd exciting ecenes that are reslete with vigour and vivaclty."-Sun. Hurat and Blackett, publhers, 3 Great M Iarlboronub-etret. Advertisement.]-Those proceeding to, or having friends Inindia, should order the rur,ply of " Thackere' Overland News." the cheapert,mUoet ooaplete. and beet ar er3need dlgeet of the metropolitan, Iruvlnclal. foreign, naval, militar, and commercial newvs ot the forlaight, with copious extractsl fromu the contemporary press on Indian affiars. Putblihed on the 10th and Sith of each month for postage bY the hiaresilileg soat, at one-third loss prIce than tbe cthier oOvearland uewspspers. Order of Thaecker and Co.. 87, Newgate-etreet, [Advertisemsent.I-Bentley'e hliscollsny, price Halt.at'ruau. Contents tor Oslober. No. CCL. .--Thi EnglUrh in InaJaIfemoirs of Berranger. by Hunkehood-The Sled ge Ddive to Church;* a ' sle of NJorwavy-A Fortnlght's Sport In the lllellasds-Seveu Nears *.f aa Indian Ollinse's Life; obaps. L. II.. II]..and rV.-Napoleon Bal,,vd: No.I: Hiow toBeara Loss, by Walter Thorbnbry-a, 4s te2iot:e Visitor, by the aulthor of " The Passing Beli"-Iid Thirdi and Groat Stove; Literary Experiments LlfsofotArchitectl...4hYoong R1eicirn. ~,yT. P. (5,iested-Tt, Late 3ndUa Company -'Th M'lllonaie of h3lnnlng.1ane; a Tale of the Times. By Dudley Costello. Chaps. XXVIIL, X2;lX., and 32XX London, ilDitha Bentley, Yew liar ilDgtOn rtreet.
BLRCTIOK OF LORD MAYOR. I A Common Hall of the Livery of the city of London was held yesterday at the Guildhall to elect a meraber of the corporation to be the Lord Mayor for the ensuing year, in the room of the Right Hon. Thomas Quested Finnis, whose tenure of office will expire on the 9th of November next. There was a very large attendance of mombers of the corporation and of liverymon, attracted, no doubt, by what has recently transpired before the Lord Mayor at the Mansion-house. According to the usual routine, Sit Robert Walter Carden, LP., as the senior alderman below the chair, would be elected Lorad Mayor for the ensuing year without opposition, but, in consequence of that gentleman having resisted an exaction which, it appears, has been for many years successfully mnade on the candidates for the office of Mayor by oertain persons erroneously supposed to have a predominant influence over a large portion of the liverymen of the city of London, an opposition was threatened to his election. As a pretext for I the course thus taken, allegations were made that tho evidence given by Sir R. W. Carden before the Select Committee of the House of Commons on the Sale .f Beer Act was prejudicial to the interests of the pablicans and opposed I to the comforts and convenience of the people. - In consequence of this expected oppoeition there was a large attendance of the friends of Sir R. W. Carden, both in the body of the hall and on the hustings, including nearly the whole of the memnbers of the Court of Aldermen. The Lord Mayor and Sheriffs having arrived at the hall proceeded in their state carriages to attend Divine serviceo at the parish church of St. Lawrence Jewry, where a sermon was preached by the Rev. Albert Al6toLi, M.A., of St. John's College, Cambridge, chaplain to the Lord Mayor. On returning to the ball, the Lord MJayor, accompanied. by Aldermarn Cubitt, ALP., Alderman Rose, Alderman Sir J. Musgrove, Alderman Sir J. Dke, M .P., Alderman' Salomons, AldermLan Farncomb, Alderman Copeland' Alderman Humphery, Alderman Sir C. Carroll, Alderman Sir F. G. Moon, Alderman Sir H. Muegeridge, Alderman Carter, Alderman Phillips, Alderman (:abriel, Mr. 3. J. Mechi and Mr. Keats ithe late Sberifie), Mr. Croeley, the late senior under-sheriff Mir. MilWard and Mr. Parker, the two under-sheriffs for the present year, Mr. George Walter, Common Councilman, Mr. Connor, Mr. James Allen, and others, proceeded to the business of the eleotion, The COMMON-SERJEANT read the names of the aldermen who had not passed the chair, namely :-Sir R. W. Carden, - M.P. (elected alderman for Dowogate in 1849), Mr. D. W. Wire (elected for Walbrook in 1851), Mr. John Carter (elected for Cornhill in 1851), Mr. W. Cubitt, X.P. (elected for La_gbourne in 1851), Sir E. Muggeridge (elected for Castle Baynard in 1853), Mr. I. Hartley Kennedy (eleoted for Cheap in 1853), and Mr. W. A. Rose (elected for Queen- I hithe in 1853). The RECORDER then came forward and said that the liverymen were then met together for the purpose of exercising the higb and important privilege of electing a Lord MIayor for the year ensuiing;* and in order that their choice I might be freely made they w.ould be-left in possession of the ball, and he was quite sure they would know howz to din- 'j charge the duty that devolved upon them. (Cheers). The Lord dlayor and aldermen than retiredl from the hall. C The names of the aldermen below the chair having been again read, Mr. JAImES ANDERTON (the late under-sheriff) came forward and said,-I tell you very shortly that I appear before you to-day for the purpose of opposing Sir Robert Walter Carden being your chief magistrate, and of proposing another candidate. (Loud cries of "No 1" "Off, off," and great confusion.) Mr. Sheriff L&WVBYCE5 interposed, and expressed a hope that the liverymen of London would give every one a fair hearing. Mr. Anderton had stated that he was about to propose another candidate. He had a perfeet right to do so, and then he would be in order, bat until he did propose a candidate he would not be in order. He therefore called upon the hon. gentleman to propose his candidate. Mr. AiD13RTO.-I beg to propose for re-eleotion the righ' hon. the Lord Mayor. (Cheers, and cries of I "No, nol") He had had no conference whatever with the Lord MIayor, and what he was now doing was entirely without hislknowledge; hut he was opposed to Sir H. Carden because be thought he was nsot a fit person to represent the! citi2ens of London. as regarded the private character of Sir ft. Carden, he believed no man stood higher in the city of London than he did. It wvas not his intention or object to assail his private character. (" ou cannot do it.") 1 say I cannot do it. I believe that as a father, as a husband, andin all the private relations of life no fault can ha foand with the character of Sir fit Carden. (Cheers.) It is with his public character only that I havo to deal We have for some years been endeavouriug in the city of London to sweep from the statute-book the last rag of intolerance, and to have the Jews admitted into Parliament. (Cheers.) The city of London have for fivc I successive elections returned Baron Rothschild as their member to the Hlouse of Commons. We have had Alderman Salomons filling the office of chief magistrate, and yet Sir Robert Carden has in his place in Parliament opposed the citi2ens of London on that important question. If, then, he should now be elected the chief magistrate of London what would bo the consequence? We should have the Mansion-house filled with Sir Robert Carden's friends, who would be opposed to the Jews and to all liberal principles. And are you prepared thus to undo all that you have been doing for the last half-century? Opposing, therefore, as I do Sir Robert Carden. and as it is necessary that you should return two members to the Court of Aldermen in order that they may select one, I propose that the Lord Mayor be re-elected. No doubt Alderman Wire will be one of the aldermen returnel. No lc.-ter man could be proposed. There is not a more liberal or a kinder magistrate connected with the city of London than Alderman Wire. I hope, therefore, he may be returned with the present Lord Alayor, and that he may be permitted to serve this year instead of nest. Another objection I have to urge against Sir It. W. Carden is his arbitrary conduct as a magistrate of the city of London. His evidence against the pablicans of the metropolis before the committee of the House of Commons was moat discreditable. He was for closing publichouses at 10 o'clock at night. (Great confusion here ensued, which prevented the speaiker from being heard for several minutes.) Silence being obtained, the hon. gentleman was heard to say tha't he felt he had done his dr.ty in opposing the election of Sir R. Carden. He had not asked any person to second his motion, nor did he know that any one in the hall would do so. There had, he believed, been a dodge in the papers respecting a person named Rose. fle believed it to be a completel election dodge, and nothing else. (Cries of " Oh, oh !") His opposition, however, to Alderman Carden dated back to the period when that gentleman voted aga;nst the admission of Jews into Parliament. From that moment he declared that he would oppose Sir Robert Carden whenever he should appear as a candidate on those hustings, and he now redeemed his word by proposing the Lord Mayor in conjunction with Mr. A dermah Wire. " If (said Mr. Anderton) you ask me formy flag, here it is (holding up a large printed placard, with the words ' Vote for Alderman wire !')." (Laughter.) No one seconding the motion of Mr. Anderton, The Crr- CRIER proceeded to put the names of the AIdermen, according to theirposition on therota, toashowof hauds, when it was declared by Mr. Sheriff Lawrence, on behalf of himself and colleague, Mr. Sheriff Allen, that the decision of the Hall had fallen upon Sir R. W. Carden and Alderman Wire. (Cheers.) The Sheriffs, together with the Lord Mayor, proceeded to the Court-of Aldermen to retnrn the names of the two members chosen by the Liverymen. A short time having elapsed the Sheriffs returned, and it was then announced by the Recorder that the choice of the Court of Aldermen had fallen upon Sir Robert Walter Carden. This announcement was received witll ioud cheers. Sir R. W. CARDEN (Lord Mayor elect) then came forward, and, after the cheering had subsided, said,-Brother Liverymen, I have now the pleasing duty to return, I may say most unexpectedly, my thanks for the honour you have done me in electing me thisday. (Cheersand much disturbance from the remote parts of the haU.) Ibelieve there are some fellows here come to disturb the unanimity that otherwise prevails, and Ithinkif they do not abstauintmyfaithfulfriendswill remove them fromtheohall. (Chees.) Gentlemen, tho mountain has been in labour and brought forth a mouse, (Cheers.) I have been assailed as no man has been assailed before by the most malicious libels upon My character. I have been tempted to buy off aU opposition by money; but I have resisted these overtures. (Cheers.) I said that if my public character for 40 vears would not gain for me the reward of the approbation of my fellow-citizens I would never be Lord Mayor. (Loud cheers.) I believe scarcely, except in very political times, has there been so numerous and respectable an assembly in this haU as that which I now behold. And why is this? Because, brother liverymen, you found that a man who by his station and seniority ought to be elected to the highest honour that his feUow-citizens could bestow had been unjustly assailed by one who sought by most unfair means to control the votes in this halL (Hear, hear). Bat how can I thank the friends who have ralied around me on sums -: -: _ occaonrr-ns n puli aue -f if I ha talls oocaion-friends in a public causo9-for if I had consulted my own feelings I would rather have foregone the office itself than have been subjected to the unplessantnesses which I have experienced during the last week. (Cheers). One man has said that he has printed 500 placards, and distributed them. I don't blame him, No doubt he has done some good to the poor people whom he has employed, but whether the person by whom the placard has been issned has paid for them is another question ; he has not the redit of paying, except at other people's expense. (Rear, hear.) Brother liverymen, you have nlOw been pleased to confer upon mothe highest office it is in the power of my fellow-citizens to bestow. It will be my ambition to emulato the conduct of the right hon. gentleman whom I am about to succeed (chcers), though it may not be my good fortune to attain, at the termination of my career, the high merit which he has so eminently achieved. (Cneers.) No one is more ready to admit than I am that publio men are public property, and that when a man puts himself forward beforo the public he has no rightto complain of criticism, or even of censure; but malicious falsehoods are not to be silently endured, and those which have been alleged against me I indignantly repel. (Cheers.) It is said that I am the working man's enemy. I deny it. (Cheers.) I believe that the man who desires to promote temperance amaong the people is the working man's friend (Hear, hear.) No man have I ever injured; and I can frmly stand upon my chaacter and repatation. (Chees.) It is my determinaton to do my duty, and let me here say that in the proseution of the inquiry which has been see on foot it is my full purpose to persevere. No legalinvestigation will Iforego; for it is my full deter- mnation to expose the system which.has been adopted against me. (Loud cheers.) No man need fear pablieG opinion when he feels that he is in the right. (Chaers,l Let the present numerous at.tendance of my fellow-citizens testify to the truth of w hat I am now saying. I have scarcely aolicited the attendancoof a single individnal, and yet I see before me many hundreds of my felov -liverymen. Row Is this? sWhy, it is that publio opinion will not qunietly see any man persecuted and tradiced. Cheers) They talk of my being a teatotaller. Snp poSing that I am, is there any harm in being a tea. totaUer ? Bet I beg to say that all those whom I may have the honour of dining with me vliu see that I am no tea. totaUer. (Cheers and laughter.) I have never preached teatotalism. Bat I have preached against the abuse instead of the use of the good thinga of life. There is no one more delighted than lam to see the labouring man drinkiog.his pot of beer. It is intemperance that I wish to abolish. my desire is to show the labouring man that in an excess of expenditure on drink he deprivea his wife and family of many comforts which they might otherwise enjoy. But am* therefore the poor man's enemy? ( "No, no St) 1 hearyou, all say "No !" and yet I am extremely surprised at this, considering that I was told if I did not pay a certain sum of money I should have 600'long-shore men holding up their hand. against me. (Elar, hear.), I believe, however, that many have rome, with great inconvenience to themselves, to resist any such attempts at dictation and to support a sound public principle. (Cheers.) Ac was said that some one had pledged himself to demand a poll, but that pledgehas not beeufnlfiUed. (Oheers.) Well, gentlemen, I am now your Lord Mayor. (Cheers.) I have fearlfssly withheld from any temptation to purchase your sauf. frages. (Cheers.) Ihope that mypast has, and that my fature lifewill,meet with your approbation. (Cheers.) I sincerely thank you for your kindness in erming here to advocate a public principle, and I hope prosperity and bappiness may ever attend you. (Cheers.) Mr. Deputy AITCHISON moved a vote of tbanks to the present Lord Mayor for the very efficient and exceUent manner in which he had performed the duties of his office. Mr. B.SREER seconded the motion, .which was unani. mously passed. The LoRD MA&YoB returned thanks, and declared that It was the happiest day of his life to have realized that which had been the ambition of his youth-namely, to be chief magistrate of the city of London, and to have discharged the duties of that office to the satisfaction of his felowcitizens. Mr. Deputy CORK moved a vote of thanks to the late Sherifs, Mr. Mechi and Mr. Keats, which was seconded by Mr. BUCKNALL, and unanimously adopted. Mr. MaECH briefly returned thanks. Mr. Alderman WI.i: being loudly called for came forth, and expressed his thanks to the liverymen for having attended in such numbers that day to vindicate a soundc principle in constitutional government, and boped that when he should himself stand ia a position similar to that in which Sir R. Carden stood before them that day they would extend to him the same cordial support with which they had appointed his excellent friend to be the chief magistrate of that eminent and loyal city. (Cheers.) The proceedings then terminated.
BRUSSIAN OPINIONS UPON THE INDIAN MUTINIES. (From the Northern Bee of September 3-15.) Shortsighted would those people in Europe be who should wish England to suffer sensible losses in East India. In the present state of industry and commerce England is indispensable for Europe. It is true that she receives great advantages for herself from such a state of thinga, but at the same time others as well are benefited thereby. To the enterprising spirit of the English Europe is indebted for the development in its centre of manufactures and industry. The example of England, the advantages drawn by her from the working up of raw produce, have shown to others what the present position of civilzed Earopean society is in an industrial point of view compared with tli't of societieswhichare less civilized and less developed in what elates to indu8try and commerce. In England, at the present time, that universal steam-machine bas taken up its place which puts into movement enormous capital, encourages commercial speculations in aU the countries of the world, and tbus procures benefits not only to private individuals, but to kingdoms, the revenues of which are increased in p-oportion as private industry flourshes. To the latter great liberty is given in England, which it cannot obtain for itself yet in the other kingdoms of Earope, and this is the cause of so great a development of the commercial and industrial strength of England. If her strength becomes tottering the other people of Europe feel it also in different degrees, The political relations of England to Enrope and the other parts of the world are another affair. It is indispensable that England should change its form of action. To effect this she must have greater confidence in other Powers, and endeavoar to strengthen this oonfidence by her own actions as well. It is easy to remove every misunderstanding at its commencement, to render justice to the just, to show the wrongdoer his error, and by possible concession to terminate a dispate. God's world is still so extensive that there is sufficient room for all to enlarge and extend their influence. Russia, England, France, and the United States of North America have before them a broad field for their 'views of dominion. By a peaceable policy, by requiting every one with his due, the apple of discord may be destroyed both in Amcrie*, Africa, and A-a Thore ie a limit to the strength of every kingdom. The extension of their limits to that given point alone is both beneficial to the people and without danger to the kingdom, because the utmost endeavours on that path torminate like the case of the frog who wished to become a buU in size. - (From the Northen Bee, September, 5-17.) From the conflict of opinions truth arises. The wa of 1853-6 was indispensable in order to persuade Earope anew of the necessity of peace for her, and of all the benefits which flow from it both for kingdoms and for people. The revolt in East India was indispensable, in order to show England that in her possessions, too, there exist those pernicious abuses of power which engender discontent and re. volt. A general demand for peace has shown itself, a wish to strengthen it on firm foundations, and to prevent those occurrences which may give a pretext to new and important conflicts in Europe. The principal means to effect this are the removal of all ambitious projects and the restoration of mutual confidence between the four head Powers, Russia, France, England, and Prussia. The journey of the Emperor Napoleon to Osborne and then to Germany, where he may have an interview with another Imperial personage, must have important results in the future. We see in this the pledge of the consolidation of peace in Enrope, and we observe with pleasure that even in England itself the necessity is felt of friendly relations between these four Powers. We wish that sach a manner of thinking, drawn from experience, may be consolidated on the firmest founda tion, and not be a momentary allurement, the echo of the events which are taking place in East Inaia, (From the NorthernBce, September, 2-14.) The English papers are attempting to persuade their readers that in Russia, more particularly than in other European countries, people rejoice over the Est Indian events, and that our coantry especially will gain by the losses which are brought upon England on this occasion. Thus, for example, even the organ of Lord Palmerston, the Morning Post, lately expressed itself. We have already had occasion to declare that in some other countries the ill success of the English in East India is more likely to be read with delight, but aot in Russia. We should be justified in considering those bloody dramas as a retribution for Kertch, Odessa, Uleaborg, &c.; but we do not venture to take such high ground, and in the decrees of the Most High to read what is incomprehensible for us. As men, as members of a civilized community, we turn away with horror from the picture of the events in East India. With disgust do we read the letters of the English respecting the barbarity of the Sepoys, but at the same time we do not join in the cries of England for a bloody vengeance. By justice, by justice alone, can thae equilibrimn between the outraged and the outrager, between the victim and the bloodthirsty, be restored. We shall not rejoice at England's losses. Our commercial relations and those of England are o mutually dependent that, while rejoicing at another's loss, wo draw it upon ounrselves. We have learnt much from England. Much remains for us to learn from her, and we have ever considered England, and not France, at the head of the civilization of the day. We do not reckon as civilization the superficial abstract ideas of the French and Germaus respecting our community, but the positive deduotions of the Englisen respecting the rights of man, his welfare, and the application of the newest acquirements in arts and sciences for his advantage and the lightening of his labours In this respect the English have gone far beyond even the North Americans, because with the latter the equilibrium between the advantage acquired by man through money, its necessity for himn, and his exclusive endeavours after it, is completely destroyed. In a word, in England there is no such bowing before the golden calf as has infatuated all people in North America and a portion in France. This is what binds us to England in preference to other countries.
ELECTION OF LORD MAYOR. TO THE EDITOR OF TffE T13tES. Sir,-In your able remarks relative to tho levying of black mail" at the Common lall elections you are pleased to say that "the first nnan to resist is Sir R. W. Carden." and the tenour of your reasoning assutnes that Sir R. W. Carden, if clected to the office of Lord Mayor,-of which no one seriously doubts-will, as a coisequence of such resistance, be elected upon " principle," which previous Lord Mayors were not entitled to claim. Without the slightest wish to derogate from the course pursued by Sir Robert Carden, I deny tbe inferenoe which you deduce from the proceedings in the police-court of Saturday last. At may own election in 1853 the bl"I was filled by thousands of hfghly respeetable citizens, and the total cost amounted to 211. 9s 9d., and I bave reason for believing that my case by no meass forms an exception to others of my brethren who have been subjected to a like ordeal at the Commnon Hall, I am. Sir. Yours trnlv. TUOMAS SLDNEY, puv. 7..
INDIAN MUTINIES RELIEF FUYD. EINGTON. A. public mee'ing wras held on Monday last at Mimezs' Hotel in this town for the purpose of promoting a sub- l scription in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Indian mutiny. The Chancelor of the Exchequer, Sir G. C. Lewis, occupied the chair, and there was a good attendance of the aristocracy and gentry of the town And neighbourhood, lncluding Bear Admiral Sir Thomas Hatings, C.B., Mr. J. K. King, ILP, Lady Theres Lewis, Lady Hastings, Mrs. and Misses King, Mrs. Pilkington Dawson, &o. Sir G. C. liBs said,-It seems to me that this is au occasion whilch at once recommends itself to all your feelings, which does not requnre any rhetorlca amplification on the part of the person whose duty it is to state to you the object of the meeting. We all know what a grea, catastrophe has faUen upon our Indian empire. Every one who reads the daily papers must have perused with a shudder the dreadful details of the atrocities which have been committed by the insurgent soldiery of that country upon our unhappy countrymen, upon military offlcers and upon civil servants, their vives and children, who have been suddenly attacked by those whom they believed to be their faithful and obedient servants and do fenders. We know from these details that the English resi dents india-acl-ssaofpersonshabituated t an affluent and comfortale life-have snddenly,by thocruelty andtreachery of the Sepoy regiments, been many of them deprived of their property, that others have been treacherously assamsinated, that their families in many cases have been reduced to want and severe privation, and that misfortunes have accumulated upon themi which would command the sympathy of an English and Christian public. Plunged suddenly in the extreme of suffering by this unexpected blow, they have displayed the utmost heroism and courage, and in no respect have they been wanting in those qualities which an English soldieror the servant of an English Government p laced in such circumstances, ought to have exhibited Hear, hear.) In this state of things can it be oubted that a responso to the appeal which has been made to the country will arse from all quarters. Evenif the condition of our oountrymen 'were less deplorable than it is, eveu if we did not know that such sad casse of distress have arisen, we ashould at all events be willing to exhibit our sympathy with the sufferings of 'which we read the daily acounts in the newspapers. Perhaps there may be some who may be inclined to take a less favourable view of the merits of our urhappy countrymen, who may say that they were the means of carrying on a Government oppressive to the native population of India. We read effusions to such an effect in some of the Irish papers and some of the organs of the ultra-Catholic party on the Continent. Far from exhibiting any sympathywith the sufferings of Englishmen in India.they exult over them as a righteous retribution for what they represent as so much |tyranuyandoppresion exercised by onr Government. Sofar how ever, from any such feeling having been generally exhibited, I think that Erigland ma justy be proud of the sympathy 'which has heen exuihited in her favour by the volce of I the ivi1izedworld. WhenIreadarticles ichh appeared in French, in German, and in American newspapers, not exoressing any ungenerous exultation in the temporary mnisfortune of this country, but sympathizing with the sfferings of the servants of the English Government ia the East, I cannot but rejoice, though I scarcely expected ever to see tha day when the base feelings of international jealousy 'would have been so much 'weakened among the great nations of the world. (Hear.) Nevettheless, there have been symptoms of a different feeling. Now, we nAturaUy ask ourselves what it Is that the natives of India complain of when they have raised the standard of revolt, when they have committed atrocities which the pen must refuse to write, the tongue refuse to utter, and over which the decorum of modern civilization compels us to throw the veil? What is it that the natives aUege as their justification for committing these atrocious cruelties? I have been much struck by reading a proclamation which appears to have been posted up in the town of Cawnpore by one of the leading insurgents against English government in Inda, wbose name unhappily has become too familiar to us-I mean that monster Nena Sahib; a man with .espect to whom it would be a libel upon the brute creation if we were to describe him as a mixture of the s2er t and the tiger. (Hear, hear.) I think that proclamation throws some light on the motives of the Hindoos for attempting to throw off our government, and its authenticity does not appeoar to be doubtful. The ight hon. baronet here read the notorious proclamation of Nena Sahib, and then continued :-It is very curious that the Sultan of Turkev, who is here supposed to have a sympathy with the Indisn insurgents, has showun his sympathy with the sufferings of EAnglishmen In India by contributing i,0001. towards that fund 'which woe are met to-day to promote. (Applse.) That proclamationshos the cause of the insurrecton to be one of religion, for no oomplaint is made that the Englsh have plundered the natives of their possessions-that justice haa not been fairly administeredthat the civil and military officers who6e wives and children have been so treacherously murdered have not properly discharged their duties, Nothing of this sort is alleged, but it is said that an attempt is being made to destroy their religion. Now, undoubtediy thero 'was a measure taken by the military authorities pon the Introduction of an improved musket into the army which led to the unfounded belief that there vws an intention on the part of the Government to destroy the creed and the caste of the Hindoos. That intention, I need not say did not exist; but the appearance gave an opportunity to designing men to create among the native soldiery the belief that such a design was entertained by the Government. Intriguing men worked upon the simple minds of the Sepoys; and the fact that such an event was used as the means of poisoning their minds against British rule proves that there was no substantial ground of complaint,-that the formidable mutiny 'which now exists did not arse from any gromud of misgovernment 'which could in any sense be said to justify or to excuse an insurrection, or a resistance to Government in any form, to say nothing of the atrocious character which this insurrection has assumed. But whatever may be the cause of the insurrection we must all gree that the investigation of it must be uostponed unti a future period. What we axre now called upon to do is to assist our countrymen, and to sup-ress the mutiny by all the s'eans in our power; to restore tranquillity to the country, as 'well as to afford protection to our countrymen. I do not suppose that from one end of tho country to the oeher a single voice has been raised in favour of our snbrmtting to the resistance 'which has been made to our leoitlmate authority, yet let us put an hypotheticaY case, and ask what would be the condition of India if we'were to withdraw from the country and leave it In the power of the Sepoys. The ChanceUor of the Excheqaer here read extracts from a letter of a native which was published in Tlhe Tisms of the 18th September, showing that since Delhi had been in the hands of the mutineers every epecies of oppression had been practised, the rich houses and shops had been plundered, a number of poor shopkeepers kllied for asking the proper price for their things, that the bazaars 'were not opened, that the shopkeepers and citizens curse the mutineers from morning to evening, that workmen starve, and widows cry in their huts, &c. Now I can hardly, continued the right hon. baronet, conceive a more striking picture of anarchy, of confusion, of injustice, and of rapacity than Is penned in these .ewlines; and we may hence judge to what 'we should leave Indh if the protecting power of the English Government 'were withdrawn; for be it observed that India has for centuries past been governed by foreigners It is long since the people have been ruled by native princes, and it is merely a question with them whether the Government should be transferred from the English to the Muasulman invaders, 'who preceded our rule. It has been said that property has its duties as 'wel as its rights, and so Itmay bessid with equal truth that conquest has its duties as 'well as its rights. By conquering and keeping the continent of India we have contracted certain important obligations towards the natives and inhabitants of that country. Without any reference to our own interests, it is our duty, so far as we are able to do so practically, to govern justly and to the advantage of the vast population of that extensive country. The struggle 'which Is going on in India is not, inmy opinton, to be regardedsimply as a struggle of the British against the Mahomedans and tthe Hindoos-not a struggle amply against the Sepoy mutineers; nor is it still less the struggle of Christianity against Mahomedanism and Hindoolsm, but it is the contest of civillzation against barbarismn. (Rear.) It is an attempt of the European Government to introduce just and equitable rule among a great Oriental population. (Applause.) If the account could be made up betwveen England and India, and the balance struck of the benefits wFhich England has derived from India, and the benefits 'which India has dorived from England, I cannot doubt it 'would be found that the preponderance would lie In favour of India and against England; that our rnle, 'whatever objection may be made to it in detaSIl, would be found to have conferred greater benefits upon the people of India than England, in Its turn, has derived from the government of those large provinces. (Air.La >'G, M.P., moved a resolution expressive ot sympathy 'with the sufferings of our fellow-countrymen and countrywomen in Indix, and remarked that there could be no doub- that the recent events would lead to a very exten- sive change in the government of that country, and to the reorganization of the Indian army. Mr. C. W. ALLEN seconded the resolution. Sir. T. HASrIGS, C.B., moved the next resolution, appointing means for raising a subscription, and contended at some length against an assault of Delhi, depicting in glowing language the horrors which must inevitably ensue. Mr. hiY2oRs seconded the resolution. Other resolutions were also propod, and at the close of the proceedings the Chntcellor of the Exchequer expressed the satisfaction 'with which he hoard so eminent an authority as Rear-Admiral Sir Thomas Eastings state his opu on that no advantage would be derived from a precipihta assault upon Delhi, and that the ultimate reduction of the town might be considered a matter of oertainty, with the applianoe5 and resources of civlized nations. He would not say one word which would seem in anyway to deprecate criticism, either in public meetings or in Parliament, apon the conduct of the present Government of India. They would be prepared at the proper season to defend their coa- duct, and to show that they had used all proper means for maintaining the legitimate authority of the Crown in India, and for defending the lives and properties of Its subjects. (Hear.) But he must remark upon the state of things when this mutiny broke out. We had an army consisting of 290,000 men, of 'which 50,000 were Enropeans, and 240,000 were natives. The population of India was reckoned to be about 150 milions, and he believed there were about 10,000 civilians. Everybody must see that such a state of things waM most perllous, although it had been successful for many years. Nevertheleis, to attempt to govern so extensive a region and so vast a populxtion with an army of only 50,000 Europeans, together with a native army of 240,000, on whose allegiance we had hitherto implicitly relied,-and relied, to-, with the concurrenoa of the best judges of the Indian character and the Indian populAtion-wma a perilous experiment; and when that native army, at lealst that portionef ItfaU pr, rinces of Bengal, suddenly turned against u, it was hardly to be wondered that the talte of things should become verydangerous. We had, however, the gratification of aeirng tht the insurrection had been almost exclsIvely coa- s to the army-that the native population, which we wer accumed of having o rievouslof rNigoverned, hao ove the most part seown no disposntrioa to jorin the mt t- neers, (Applause). sTu e subscription lIt was then opened, mnd apwerd4 o~ 200L. was soon realized, the Chancellor of the EBx+ cbequer heading the list with a subscription of 100C. NOGTTIHM. At meeting of the inhabItant of Nottingham, ¢onrene.; for the purpose of expressing sympathy towvards thesufferers by the mutiny iR our Indian empire, as well w rng a fund for their relief, wras held at the nxcbaghaiU, Nottngham, yesterday. In the unavoidable absence of the Mayor, Mr. Aldermasal Birkin presided. Among those present were Earl Manverse Viscount Newark, M P., Mr. Paget, M.P., Colonel Hilll., Eev. J. W. Brooks(Vicarof St. Mary's, Nottlngham), J- AL Valpy, W. Milton, W. Butler, &c., and Memsrs. fl?ear4 T. Adams, J. L. Thackeray (magistrates), and others. Earl ANvRs moved the first resolution:- "That we desire to exprees our profound 1*mpatby with oy Welo* countrymen L, India iu the Esee trials and privations to which theS and three depenDent on them have been sabjeted by the mati aC the native troops in that country." The resolution was seconded by the Rev. J. W. BRooxg who said that, so far from the rebellion being traceable to tholabours of the missionaries In India, he believed that theGovernment had been guilty of neglect, and that they hs& pandered too much to the superstitions of the natives* anl that by excluding religious teaching in the publio schools. they had been really educating the natives in the nrlnciplIw of infidelity. Their efforts had been rather to dscouz the propagation of Christianity, so that what they had dona waa more calculated to promote the wrath of God than im any way to promote the benefit of mankind. The resolution was put and carried unanimously. Mr. PAGET, M.P., moved the following resolution " Thatwith the view of alleriating the diotree now ocemind sulbs scrltieon shat be immediately commenced In tbhs town mud neigh.. bourhood, and the iamn tbhs raIsd be sect to the Lord MaxoroC7 Loudon, to be forwarded to India along with the contributions noet being collected in London, or diapensed to the suffevm L tbhi, eounn try, a may be found most convenIent to the committee having thX management of the funds." He thought that, as a country we had assumed to onrrelve* aL tremendous responsibility in attemVtting to govern nearly 200,000,000 of our feUow.creLtuares editat from us half fhgei circumference of the globe, and that we had not suffidsntl considered the duties that devolved upon us so as to rul thoso Immense multitudes in a mnaner which shoald most conduce to their real happiness and improvement. The Rev. S. W'ALL (Independent) in seconding the reso. lution, hoped that condign punishment would be visited4 upon the heads of those who had been the leaders in this revolt, the barbarities of which showed that they wereutterly incapable of self.government. At the same times he trusted that when the authority of the British Govern. ment wtas re-established they would make a humane antI discriminate use of their victory, instead of imitating the frightful atrocities which had marked the course of therebellion. The resolution was unanimoualy agreed to. Colonel HiTTLT moved- " That the ban tera of the town be requesetd to receive subscrip* tload that a committee be appointed to colect and forward thesame.~' The motion was seconded by Mr. J. F. HA.DDMT an4 agreed to. After a vote of thanks to the chairman the proceeding7 termiinated. The fdllowingsubscriptions were colleeted in the room :-. Earl Manvers, 1001.; Countess hanvers, 101. lOs . Adamt. and Co 501; Viscount Nevrrk 301; Mr Walter M.P 251.; Mr Paget h.P 251; the Myor (Mr Bradley; 251. Mr Hard,; Mr. T.F Gimeon,254; Mr Ich_ 201.; hlr. T. Herbert, 201.; Mr. Smiith i~owler, 201, &cs. The total slum collected in the room was upwarsds of 4001. CLAPHAM. Yesterday a meettng of the inhabitants of Clapham wam held at the Boys' Sebool-room, Clapham Common, in aid of the fund for the relief of the sufferers by the mutinies ir. Indi.a. The Rev. W. H. Wentworth, the rector, occupied thO, chair. The Rev. H. VZsN oy moved the first resolution, to thet effect that the meeting desired to express its deep sympathy with our suffering fellowvcountrymeu in the East. Mr. J. P. GAssborr (county magistrate), inrseconding thb motion, urged that the time had come when a fearful retribution sbould take place, but at the same time he thought there was blame somewhere, andcin his opinion it washbab just that the purnishment should fall on the right shoulders. He entreated all to give their contributions, howeveri small they might be, and in oonclusion expressed a hope that there would be au inquiry into the causes of thi mutiny. (Cheers.) The motion was carried unuanimously. The Rev. - Foy tben moved the next resoluntion pledging the meeting to promote by every means in ite power the alleviation of the fearful distresses caused by, these sufferings. The rev. g'ntleman said the Government in India were to blame, and all those who had faUen were victims to a worn-out system. (lear.) The resointion was carried unanimously, aucl thanks tothe chairman closed the proceedings, a liberal collecdor. baving been made at the doors. LUDLOW. A highly influential meeting, convened by the ayot (Mr. F. R. Southern), was held in the Guldhlall yeeerday for the purpose of aiding the funds now being coUected for the sufferers in India; the Mayor presided. The Rev. J0on1 PnILLIrs, rector of Ludlow, proposed th-W foUowing resolution - " That this meetiug. deeply hympsithDzwg withatho unhappg cufferers by the late barbarous outrages in British India, is anxious t;testiy Its cord Il concurrence In the endeavour to tiervlte (as far sa buman aid can avaitmtheir privations and distresses, and. therefore - that a schscription be now opened in aid of the fund commen-ed ti; the Lord Mlayor of London and sancttoned by our most g:adous Sovr regn's s pprov.l." The resolution wascarried by acclamation, as was als& another, appointing a committee of gentlemen to institute a domiciliary collection. A subscription list was opened in the meeting, and 10014 was subscribed in a few minutes. EUNGERFORD. A meeting was summoned by the Mayor in the Town-hall on Monday for the pnrpose of expressing sympathy with the sufferers in India and of raising a fund for their relief. There was a highly respectable attendance. Mr. Sr.Atr, the mayor, having opened the proceedings; the firstv reso!utionwas moved by htr G. WILLES:- Ibat this meeting pr is deepest sympathy mwishOu fellow, ountrymen tn the Ea33t iuin, as they now are. from the tvesacer* ou nutiy sad atrocious maacrs of the Indian Sepors." The resolution was seconded by the Rev. R. CHILTOI; curate of Hungerford, who observed that the sufferingb of our fellowr countrymen in theR1ast wreremore horrible, harro wing,' and heartrending than those that had been endured in theCrimean campaign. He calied upon the meeting to express their profoudest sympathy writh the relatives of those who had been massacred, and to unite heartily in endeavours te. believe such as had suffered the loss of all their property anaa were now reduced to destitution. e trusted also, tha there would be no widow or orphan made go by the falling of any of our brave soldiers, who would not be support by the gratitude of their conntry. The second resolution was movedbyMr. R H.H BARJ FR-: " That this mectiog m union with those already beld througiiho the countryexert its ut,or endearoos to alleiate tbhee sufferiagby making a geni wcoUetion among the inhabitants of this psrish.n Ho was glad to find that the Relief Fund was already hi operation and was now available for any of our necessitou* countrymen who might return from India. This resolution was seconded by Mr. MAY and supportoa by the Rev. V. J. BARoN, who observed that it ever there was an occasion on which it was the duty of a Christian minister to advocate the exercise of benevo ence, it was the present He was not speak. ing to soldiers who were to be excited to deeds of! bravery, but to those who were contemplating plans of benevolence. Suffice it to say that if the Sepoys had done. nothing more than mutiny they would have been gallte of ingratitude aud treachery, but now that they had added such atrocious cruelties to their crimes, the measure of their iniquity was full and they were ripe for vengeanoO Ho felt more than ordinary interest In the project, for which this meeting had been convened, because even the sacred order to which he belonged had not been safe front the attacks of the murderer. The crimes of which the Hindoog had been guilty served to show the fearful lengths. of wickedness to which human nature might run whesi goaded on by unbridled passion, burning with fieroe. atred, thirsting for blood, and let loose from the fear of God and man, He would exhort them to act on rightm.o tives in this matter, onsidering not merely the example oF other towns, but their duty as Christians "Englandl expects every man to do his duty" was a motto which had nerved the armn s of o ur m en in the struggle 7wit the enemy; and let it be the motto on this occasion, Though it was not theirs to wield the sword to poinb the rifle, to scale the fort, or charge the piUalau of the rebel army, it was theirs to sand up prayers to the God of battles for the deliverance of their countrymen, and to be zealous in their exertions and liberal in cone tributions for their relief. Mr. H. E. AzSLEY moved, and Mr. EARLY seconded, theappointment of a comnmittee to make a coUletion in thqe town. 291. 6s. was subscribed in the room.
TiEiE ARCHBISiIOp OF CANh.BuRy'S Vm.rITToN -Yesterday morning tbe Archbishop of Canterbury com, menced the visitation of his diocess at the parish chorcI of Sevenoaks. There was a large attendance of the clewrgy' amsong whom were the Rev. T, Sikes, M.A., rector oC Chevening* the Rev. W. B. Holland, LA., rector oCe B;asted; tie Rev. A. W. Burnside, XA., vicar of Far. ringham; the Rev. T. Cnrteis, LA., vicar of Sevenoaks, the Rev. Cyril Randolph, ILA., incumbent of RiverheacJ &c. The Archbishop, in his charge to the clergy, dwelt a3t some length on tbe events now going on in India anud expressed a hope that the present unhappy state of thiln would soon cease, and that a wider door would then b opened for the diffasion of Christianity throughout tbai.- extensive and important territory. He oongratulated tbct; clergy upon the increase throughout the diocess oE the, means for the education of the children of the poor, andL of the zealwith which the ministerial duties were performoc in the various parishes over which his inquiries had annged a he also asoke m terms of gratification o the constant in. creaso of the colonial episcopate. To-day his Grace will hold a visitation at Tonbridge for the deanery of Sontls Maling; to-morrow at Ashford forthedeanery of Charingon Friday at Dover, for the deanery of Dover * and oc Satmrday he will hold a visitation of the Dean and Ch&Dte* of Canterbury, at Canterbury Cathedral. He will conclds, his vtittion on thg 8t4 of OQtober at hWiibonq,
NEW NOVEKL by lmrs THOMSO{N.-JuAt redy. In 3voak.. (-ICURT SEORET3. By Mrs. THOMSON, Author %.Iotf Anne Soleyr," o Rurnt and. Maokett, peblishers (Onoceeorg tO ieUNr IOlehelrn. 1S. 0"I,t %ffr'~ra.Zhertet. New gud cetreditin no ,ai Leae,S IU. W,s 1--,sr 1 OHN HAlIFAX G"lea. 'aJohn. llflhtf- is n o h nbet tees among mLodern woeks of fiction. ThLe hoeetof the story s hylsi,ths char-acters adm1r4bIv.Aso'Ined. 604. the mora exctle '-,, Hurst and Beckeett bublishers Second. edtion, now ready. T AKE NGAJi ir or. Explorations an.d Discoveries 3d dsxIne Foar Yeases Wa'oderingg in oanth-Westerni Afrima By OHRALI.iL JOHN ALN OXRIII4ON. Royal 8,o., with N.p sod tO llustradcns; of eoating Adversturve, Bebf ecls of Natura l Hitory, &.,, aDs. bound. Eunet and Blaokett, publisher. Lady OATTE&(JN. E NOEL,-No rea.dy. kn 3 vokL. LIF an it RELITIES. By Lady CHATETER. LadyC it tr'sclever novel'.1- Earnier. "There Is o qeston hs, tis I a novel with sufficient meoot In obtan and desrvea cnalerci mtont of 00015ity."-LIt5SS5yGa eta,o Hlurst andBlakei, ublshe,.enoxraar to Henry Coburn Mrs. 5,0. hALL's NEW NOVEL-.=oresY,Inivols A W MA 's TO Y.By Mr.1. 0. HALL. A Wmans Seel' t Iteresting, It Is wall and carefully Writen an Isqute qua atny0 of Kmrs R. V. Halft other works. ThreIs de.ce of a ddnite purpose, sasi a high mioral aim tbroughan.A Womwu's Story may be heartily recomieuted."-Atheanmuz. H ;rtand Btackett. pohbiLbers, 13. Great Msrlborogb-rtreet. Now reeAy at all the librarieg, In 2 voIn., 2ts., TR'UE to NATURE. A Nqove. " The reader wiU be at no los for ausesemeat Int perusing True to Natuire, for It presents variety in every form ,,r4 shows ever tussle of differtnce la ebargctor. It has aso)to recoemend It n agreable style anid sone stetioig smTuts tied ex.Iting ehoes 1155 are replet willi vigour and vlvscity."-San. lImit aLud Blackett, publishors mseceesor to Henry N EW Nt )V EL by Mrs. BrtSO.Nwrad.i I. rIJIBE YOUNG BRIDE. By Mdrs. BRISCOB, "A J Very praceful and stierlog noveL, Taken as a whole is meet be tinnonto be a most auoneesul effiort, of a very gifted and 50sam. iihe atist A more remcark &ble story ajppertanintg to ;arIstocratIc societ shve ba ed 'm4 naeaa in the page. of modern romaanre."- arigPost. Hunst and Bl1ackett, publUihers, successoe to Heozy IADY. 5ALKLAND's NEW 'WORK oKx IXDIA-Now ~ready, in 3 vILt BVO., With llustrations, C HOW-CHOW; beWag Selections 'from a Journal kept iu India%, do, BY the Vsonuntees FALKLA.ND. 'Lady IFslkl&nd's work may be read -with interet andonlesoure. and theoreaaer, unleis his Orienta attaIuments ane beyond The commnon, will rise fcoo th. peruaI insissented ar well sas anoned.n-Atcnptuzn, Hurst and 13 Gk.k e3Qat MarlrIqXaah-szeote. Thirteefnth edition, tAch l&IJllustaocss,hud THE CRESCENT aend the CRS.B LIOT1 T.WARIIUETON. " Independentl o ealeaanoriginal narra,tive anod its usedul and Interetn nomton hswelI trenarkablii for the colouring so.we andpy offasp hi H descrlpctoos axe enlivened. AogH raetn otIeigcam Is ita reyerrent aud serioussll.-sxel eiw us n Bl%airke, reUshlihers. 13. Gra alooe-iet Dedicated to ttoe Duke of Bitsnfoee. -Now ready01, In3 vols rJ'HE SQUIREC of BEECO VisOOD. By 3, SCEUTATOR. "Thereis afresh and hewutytfrthfu'jew Wut th SulnlIeeohw,ood' which makes his bistorywha.titisevldently d% =fned toble, an illustration from somAW life of the social and domestic adventures of ani English gentlemani of the present day."'-John nUI This Is a veqy readable book. The Intere.1i is well prererved t1hroughout and the cbaractera are nau".' Olserver. Moret and Btaolett, publisher%, mssorerosin to enry OnIbrn, Ready isn (Isowier. C vola.innt.is, HISTORY of the FACTORY MOEENT, from i iffl to the Phass Of the Ten Hous'El4n157 BY A-LFRED. Bupkn M ...hell, OD Le 0. The Gra Biih Anti-iaey ar s mined wor.e than allunited I Eass4ass Simpkin Reprinted together.oohe, DS ler IA, 1I,R. C1OBBE'TT'g REMARKS on our INDIAN .11.1.EXPIRIE and COM1PANY of TRADING 8OV.E%EIGN8 (from the Political Reesteel. Mr. John Flalden an 0otte,n supply tfroen his P&mpbleti. London, Slmptina and Marshall, Stationers'. ball-oowre. RC0: HfwenhexW, John If "woond 17 . Defanscsat. The NEV -WOE t by -tie Anther Of --h1rgarevt Uatoapoir,' is now readyr at all the librsrlre.-Post 8vo.. cloth, 7c. IdA, TORN H, STEGGALL: v. real Hlistory of the Life qjand Adventurte of a dulicik Man, who has been a Gime. a Salior, a Soldier, a lSureoece a VFdlow-Oonmmoner of Osrpus Cnrsti Ooleiege, Cltmbridg, bad is noYw a Curate of many years' standinit In the ..chub of Egland. Narrated bye hInscetf, wan edited by Rev, B IJOBBOLD. A .Siuei, adlo. ~pilr School books. UTTER's IjYOLOGICAL SPELLING. BLFBOO and EXPOSITOR. 2(5th EDitiion. Pirke3Is.Idbound. iiUttesb2 CrdatioQ4 In Evadinag a'd SP(ilhng, ulpon an entrey now Ande=dvl&tTw whpich tyllawle;t are rendeted soesya Mnnoyllhlo,idh il'Aiio. Prloe ln. 61, bound. Buttee's Gradual Primser. WIMa Engravings, 36th EdIio,: Pales Id. Slimpklnaud Co., Whlttaker and Co., Loq;igan and Co., Hamilto and Co., Lendoa; Oliver and IPayd. Edinburgh, For BEGINN'ER s and AVANCED YPUPILuI j TO1URRIER's FRENCH GRAMMAR, 224 *Y aExerclses with Numbera referring to Boles, o,- 420 Sun. pages 5s.-Key, Xi JuTenile ditto, S, Gd.-Xey, ian. M1 Toe Model Seolci; 100 Preach Lessaons, Ia. Id. TheXaittle ditto,i. I61. ;bound, is, FrnhLeso.FirstBStp, Is. DM'gu i Fre=nch and EnagishL Paris, Ia IK, Feencb a Spoksen, 2t4h thcsmand. Is. Simpkin and. Co.; and tisa Author. 41, bUncheetere.st-pee Thbe PUBLIO SI"EAKER's VAD IO MPie3, by poet Td., LOCUTION: its Prcpls ed edt Praotiee E Bythe Author of "Live andlssog.Ieyone who aspires to address a public arwmbly ouh t ossSlevaluahle book, London. John F. Shawt. gout n,o-o ,adPateraooter.row. A Bhort( forV Y O )' HuE RIGHT W Din te RiWT PL~ACE. T. o lady ocrod ent, no publi speke, no teacher of youte, or manof busnad s =` onild delay procuringthi idlspuablo help to feUllolln writing andl arresking. PodnJ . Shaw, Southampton row, andi Paternwser-row. Seventh thousand, price is, IA cl-oth,. free by o7 JND16PRN8ABLE-LIVE idLER r Guide Ifor giU who wish to Seask and Writ Corol."'ieedLans In an excellent book. We look upon Iasgarldienbe,we advise our rvaders ro Imittate oureapspocr h ot and sell it not at any prioe."-Elucartlroal Gaet,Ladn onP Shaw So.thamopton.row. and Pateeoterrw ...SPEA IN.Wrtg,adrnuctonCR CT .Od and roung. educatedanundctd acnulthsmaiwr with advantage, Selihgb iosus odn onF hw Southam ptan-eow, sodPtvter. Read and Rlellsc.4onlt s d.soh ieb oe rpHE NEWSPAPRadGNRLRAE' 3.POQK ET OOPA( IN being aFmiirEsanle.Of nearly 4,00 Cleseoal and Foregn Words, Phrases,sa Quotlations of conistant occurrence in the various journals, peroia. and pubSt. cationo of the d.ay. By the Anther of Li ve and Lean" odon, John F. Sbaw, tmmpe-sw sad Patornoler-row REED's LECTUREit, complete In tovh,S,coh TEOTURES on the B3RITISH PEr.B ER L.A EKED. late, Professr of Englih Liteaue rwn8o s sowe,d 4s. cloth. Et guh TA"teratr frot Chausoer to Tennyson, and En.glish History and Tragic Poetry as Inustrated by Shaksepoeere In one Vol. crown Ira.. 5s. cloth. Jebn F, Shaw, SosEhasUnton row, and Pateruoetenrow, Worth `Notce- Wbms has always b-een wanted isT Int-blihd r 4r, tree by post lebo 16th thousanrd Is now selilng.l ~HE DICTIONARY APPENDIX(eighth edition), TL. with upwards of 7.NO WVords naot found iu he ilotoanary, cora-I pxittig the partlepler of the Yerba whlrh PerpleX all writers, No person who writes a letter should be without this work, Anl school paeplls ihould hTov it, " This book is Invaluatlo."-Weakly Tximes. 'Thtle book in as neoceary as Walker's DictIouarY Itself ."-The Critic. Thote who poeesohsoCola ea stand en howhee pround than thereMt of the eonsmnonity. J. P. Show. It, l'ter.yter.strow. SAF ad SREMETODofACQUIRINGa Author, ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~~B hemt TeRighd Way of L4asenur French Comrctly: pointing out the dift clteswhich parre the begininer and the schoiar, is., oloth, by yotfree, W1,lrh Is Whsich? This or That? A roumpedLous Dictionary of Prench and English Words which appear idenlical through they ewentially differ,Prioe 6d., by pest 7d, Lo3ndon, John If, Shaw, Snisthsnptoo-row. and Patovnoster,row. DELOI n t H3Odi I YLD's MlAP of E H,wtth otfoins Wyld's Map of India. In he,I. ncs,io 'Wyld's India,4tOo,, in shets.I,ca, , Jamies Wyld. geographertolsQueCarn-oces,netdr 24nhanoe. Just published, Wyld,nwisrrsl a flcaadteIsr TNDIA.-W L sne MA ofID , with thio I. Clvi and MWltr taions, and th nurciur itit,one sheet, 8e,; in ca,I WyldsmewrMap of IndIa and Btrmsab 1nshuet.Ia;ine&ase,s TOe own nd C'Aoment of elhi Inshout, Is.; In cae. Zs, 'Wyd'sne Ma ofth Ovrlad out frm nglnd Wo India, In Jame Wyl, dograher o te Quen,Chaing-cross neaat, next doo 10thepot-ofic, opoiteNorhnnhelao-seee; and 2, Royal Drise 7s.. tIONSOLATIO1NS. or, Leaves from tLe Tree of JIdfs. By the Rev. JO~ff 1CUMjMING, D,D., F."B,E. Arthur al,Vlst',e, sod On,. 25, Paternoatey-row. flA~R~ C VE of It, By O L, RTSHIP,sand Cwu ofIt.By . XSMEDLEY, EnL, Autbor, of the "ColeilliFanWM,"&. Bifthe Mire Author, Prank Falrelgb, 2s. 61 oards. 3s. 6d. cloth, Lewis Arassdel, Is board,, 4s, cloth. Arthusr HaLl,VIrtue, an)d o.. 15, Paterncdete-row. L&URM aINTRERST 2AtL a. New eiin 0 pp. Ira, IT3ALE5 of SIMPLE NINEREST for EVERY T.DAAYinth Rftme og ,ti Il4,8j,isen, veranum. ByJAKElIBLAURIE. "In thegreat requt2ltes ofeahsucht, Of arrangemet and 0ominreahenslreuerwe"heWm se none better adapted for general ssse."-McCuillcheh' omminoala fiotonz lemorle'dRigh Role Tables. Thirdoedition, 8vn.. cloth,%I. Arthur R5i1, Virtue, a,nd Co., 25, Pa?ernoiter-row. Now rea, prc 7a I.cloth, HEFut Edition of CoX's EWV LAW and T R CTI of JOIT-SOC POIANIES, with and withOut Lmimted LiabIlt,c ann all the new Low of lwas Session, A_lto. Pateeon's Practical Statutes for 1857. Price 7s. 6d. cloth, Law Time; office 19. Essex.street. Strand, WO JF3ATERSO' PRCIA TTTSfor .L 1817, for the pokto a,wt oe,adacposIndex. Price 7s. &l The Sistrm86mastlbehdAlohefourth edtion at aWxs New Low and Prs.tlcs of Join-Shoo-k Comp)anlco, with and without Ltnsted Liability. Price 75.61. Law Tipsof OMIr 29, Esvax.street, Strand. WO.. § T. LEONARD r heMsinry : a Vision. The v2 erne of the oeisldin1fI.Ithdaso Achar ; the hero anera death at an auoKefnt(ea odn,W ot and Co., 51 and 51, PaternoerrW. New volume of "Things Not Generaily Hnowu,".-.Tle day, with FrontispIece snt Vlignette, 3s Id- DO0,ULAR ERgROI, EXPLAINE]5 and ILLUS. LTRA.TED,. lly.TOHW TIbMS, F.S.A.-,Author of" ThngsNkot Osnerasly, Known.' An entirely new edition, Contents :-Eirrore roDeeting the Foonomy of Man-Natural Fhenomena.the "c~eso Sooiety-Fk:tence. Art, and Invent'on-Tradtlloual Bistory-N,atural History-Fabulous AnIm3ts...1 retdtit and CredtUlty-Eroeous L~a, and CusstomasTlomeatio Hi= ry, do Kent and Ca. late D. Rogue), fleet-street. UnIformn withL the a'bove', and by the sameuAthor, Is. 6d., Thing, Not Gmeneriy Known, Sixteenth thiousand. Curiarlites of History, Sixth thouastud. JustA nhlsed, Vol. IlL, price is. 60,. cloth, re-Issue of TOHXCASSLL's POPULAR EDUCATOR, conteilorLesonsInAlg;ebra, Arithmetic, Biography, BookkOeDing, CbmuinvbraingEneish Frnch Gegrahy.Geology, Geometry. Gersss~.nin.fnic,NatralHitor, PoneIcShorthand. Phydsica Eductio. Ikeloen or anu Thiker, ad avariety of other inter. outig Insrmalon.Now eady No,. 1178, id. seth; Parts I to IS. 7d. anlid. ach: ivisicaltol. ls. a nhad Vols. Ito s, 43,5d. POPULA WORsc50a BOKKEEPIG, byGUEO. H,r BOU-LTER,, AcoutntadTchso Bookkou Greaveed. o OKKEEPING. th onlghnd ,frShos Second Editiou.-Is now revAdy, at anl the libraries in I yols.. ANNiE SHEHRWOOD. "Graven in letters of fire, AA moat remnarkable publlsatlcn"-Prea. " Lika * Jnet I yre,' In it deep pasion-te euergy."-JoinABuIll Loadon, iichArd Benuley, Nfew tiuriineton-stroetr NAEW NOUVEL, by the Author of - The Wntials.-This day, at every library. deoond edition, iu 3 volc,, QUITS. By tho Author of "1The Initial&"."' very andI sinaingetoy. he lotid eroe2jent, and we are kee insusens til te lst omer2'Pree"The world witl not QuiE' &iL3 he afavurie amongB the beltte Hlae. Lofrede JOf E RUon, and will "etaindcttre all-tertu -th Ephmnglise hsoc7 the wbinaz Wdve heayn ptd teoarsdact.'eeArosof . Lndtrefon, Riha rdeaey,Ned OOPLTONdiyo bihltl dotrFOoX's M efO .Ti mdey evnourthe somcenotd fo lyand th leseJ OH.REifsPONLcde,C- of gra ale ating considerable light on the history of the las three years of irox's storusy life. The Duke of Portlasd'e letter alro have much intemet."-press. London, RichArd Bentley, publisher In ordinary to Iler Najesty. WE-W NOVEL upon Am1EaiOa4AMRCNSOE .-I day is pubihd n2vl. (UINLAND; or, Vreiai seis ie te* Betel atenlo. and eneret."A2eau,Aacyofea lf,rlladpowerf,illy tod, elt ihicdn,hgl.rpi a rerlintioLu of scenery, and abledlullocnhenradutria of muan arid woman The. characters are various dwl rue and have the rrar merit of talkinug end acting like peallieproae, 9:011YCOnsiderable nerlia.'-8atarday Reiw.War ovlroeserted with every, conceivable variety of nelali.Th auithor's skethebe of charater dlspls.y onedevable lag,n n h bervati-n."'-preas. IM.nifeso, often vigorousadptywiig The aketcelse of Amrerican life are also vadjoexsandlciV'Ecoiner. LonDdon. Richard Bentley. New Bsrlington-tee The~ BIiTHPLA-CB Of the PFRUL'Hgkti-Nowceady, in ioet io.,with Map.a. Ile Gd INAI, the HE9DJAZ, and' c6UDAN : Wanderilgsl IS Around the BIrthplace of gahemet, san Acvosetbe Ethioplia D'Oeset. BY JAHME HAXILTON, Anthor of "WaDderings in Northern Africa." " An lsIt.llgeut and observant traveller. His de-. enterts vhoroughly Into the natIonal life andl character of the Zest,- Sun "Aworko01 reat importance. It is avaluable contrIbutIonto, the history and geography of a regiou swaaaoikd with our earliaet atudies, and for the &iassicel scholar Inveete by the oldeat Greek hisrtoan with never-fading oArs.'-Stauihard. 'Tbeowandesinpslay Nerug reeo vety raeytodnBy Euopean. ThrieIs. gdlvbordsh. tbovtem in fcts,wn 8nsiboutd.inpesnadanr iesdntyfth novelt ifrormno itrefce.nItakTeme emrabl hcoeleo tiisan genutine bl o ool tsvL-peand r.Lnd,R rdBtey =ew uringon betLondtn ReAILe,WAth FrLasR&bY r.-e V. B utwa. rlce Is. Gd. bars IflHE SPRENDTaRIFTheirW F ARIEN S.OyF. Lege ndhmnit L tkwad 2n&nd"H B.r Stows,Tisho i o [SO oII'tNII Bor.-the ready,e In 6d. ,pic e,flt it OldR' Ct PULINAdRY. AMAIGNort. BigHi Pe A epl8 OBuEo "The book Therdore wiHgoodk. siu, ih ane olot.andy awel facntnd tugertLoder oftig tol may glad the her fmn Ahuu.London, Geor gen" nd0. Earr ledge andtr e., Farrlngdon.streboarts JLTDIA. By J. ie. H. MaxwQellR. lha Ptno h oetticoat.Goverrnmet,s. Rouer. troiadlope. n eI Prda.AiriDeeptird. Isf tHePrn,c.i.pugaly.n,Cluta ar tsvoueiolt: har.f the Dansesm to . cod.neadwon"oW h PeaMnregritne thnee Bits. e&plintherdoee, hook. i gon The aBiouaco by axowelandb tev n. Ladderuo Gol b Rob. Bell andt Co.rndnsreadk liondn Georgle tedg and2 vola. , p ferendn.t v Bein the ompWtu of boares iNDImand BeeyYeJrA tH. STloCQJLBiha LAruTotheFeMutinyArinwthe Bena rY, neibeifra thMeeargueritdeVulanleo4 eithe roIut-e sei rOerad.I an Lo, alngdon-.treme ut,eg n o.Fartro* Nowcomplete in2vle.pio s bord, ai,co, InCMT dop BRAG eLON. yA DM copeion efths elboatdStl,,TreM Myees~ n "Twent 2 er Alte AsolTlypbihed:- Nothet Fetheredr Arowov.BrF oeaisc ber. boe fraFeloo ahlnd til.1t d L.H. wMawell. my o"esmarguewiteheVlt e.A lms L.ondon, George Routledge and Co.. Farringdton.streeo, JAR ESWRl G StL L TO' WORS. Harry; sc, the wIg fGaaaIPlrm ften Rie(h) Frbtand Mhorning. Peellmr4f. Alice' Ror,telo teia Dwane veren h. EmnualfMantravere, Dcti aaisned leLgm (The). loi "Tet faysho of tome' aii o ofeW.rEugendste Ara . ulit Zanont.~ ~ ~ ~~~~Pitad un o LHarod at of tbthoew II -aiy Barons frayf' shillige) e hrlyIagin thereills bTe)aylbay h neve mll withoutL them. lonfc,ee. prelrl.ahbers e0r Wnloteh (lThe)G Pa AMEs GRAe)T' WO AmRKS.W Brao (Tth Cvler)ie Csairl(The) talesware fulofl's anRcio, ed Rs older spniten) ur o adventre caryo i sessfuly thoug,wtg kllIartv wimh oene the maue thor ofhre O'Malled' seldom aswews e'or London, George Reostledge end Os., Farringdonjftreet. CAP.TAOOPER' YWORS,WRK Lestaoipthe Mohcn (The Deegelaend (The) Kng'a Own kpeir (The) Vlre Atd Pilott (the) Reefr. ndted $The) Pioneers (the) headsoman(Te WrPrialKereWtc Berdrers or rettotejokTe). MiltequWlngrlated uhstag Homeward Bound t Re RovnleAharo dis) Dl o Ailoat andAshore Ev Enugigtu tbsoned s uyo SatancDbicUierateagile yadon.te H RUtAd-- de, ngdanereethe fAscnaing that wevmo perfore r~eadb boa rdem the-' eginole to nd pAdntingtofarrivedbat yThthrilin Bdoumat" Londn, Gorg Itotlege ad C.. Frrlgdon.etreet, CAWOTAIN f Aor TAitiWOR DPetaLIpLL e Neto Foiste. Battlln the Iteefer. (Edited)~~~~~~~~~0 e Poachr( e Jacob Faithful Phanto~~~try m 2Shi.Te Paca o eMaytFire( dest "Miryat' woks aoun in humour-rieai. lot, inEe,boa orHerow huo. C M anyIbiS of hswiig T sRE On weinh D uis o aLnecotes,an adeour. B tha O. t. theOi UNs hAaypoboda could not a hleart,calfordie. A1s,nol,in8voUniveet acgamne. Thondn Trgedesorf ouTpledreit aand C.. Farlneom-ekset Din l4sp. cltvoh rc, s ek ors.o sd.soh it Aduventursl ofPer. Ldt%thaury (The) o Scattewoamiy (Bthe)tv Chrstoher T. adpole, .., )o PetleHorsLgac (Tre)inlyp And odes IsVold.2beards New eady in vol., pice2Ie, oloth, a hOWARD PLUNKE~. or Adrift In Life. rTHE REBELLION in INDIA'. How to Prevent U,. Another. By, JOHN BR'UCE NORTON, Best, Barrister-at, Law, Madras. Richardson. Brothers 23. Cornobll, B.C. Jyust Diib'lted, In ivo,, pric lIe. cloth, YRSsFINANCIAL REGISTER of BRITISEH Ayand FO"REIGN FUNDS, &c.. for 1157, Thts publication is devoted to a clear and detaled exposItion of all the principal recuritlra negotiated in the London money-market. ooehprehending the Britis and foreIg-n funds, railways, bank, and other securities. The various subjects sontalne-lIn thIs work t're:-The Nationa Debt-ins3 Revenue and Expendituro -Savings Xtank-Banks and Banking in the UTnited Kingdom-Foreign Banks and Bunking-The Debts and Re. venixes of Foreign States-Rallway.%-Tithe Rent-carges-Inzruance ComDanies-Prosrty and Inromre-isa,-The Finances of British India -Balancesheate ofLaouJointt.bo k Bunks, with a Review of their present Porition; to whirh is added a variety of kinancial. Information). not to be foun)d in any other ivork. By HENRY AYitFB Edtor of the flanker's Circular and Fu'anc Gazette. Richardson, Brothers 2'. Coruhlmi, BO.C On Wdneday Set, 0, piceIs,eac, oby poet free on rweept of A N IDIAN UTIN S1~iMON.By the 3. Darkness before the Dawn:- or, Hope in In Mi' ~ght of Sorrow, A Selrmon for the flay of Hfumiliation, OcoWber :7, 1857. By a Clergyman ot the Diocese of L-ondon. Lo~ndon, James Darltng, M2 Little Qaeen-ttre,st, and 8l, Great ueen-Btreet. Linooin'.a.inn.Ilelds. Tottenham. Middioexe-,Houseb0ld Furniture, Boot,:a, Linen, China, Glass, Rabbits and Ilutchms and variows Ount-door Effects. THOM1NAS COMPTON has been favoured with AL inatroctions to SELL by AUCTIOR, on the Prtvnises No. 3. NVorthern-pnrk-road. Nocthumbeviand-nark. on Friday. ,')t. 9, at 12 Oocbn, without reserve. the geuine HEOUSIIHOILD PUA'NITUBU;' ou~roigfurpct ndtet edteds ecelet eshe bds wo THETAtL ot= PRINCE871 TZG3IOk, and other T Poems. Bly JOHN Lii GAY BRXRETON. London, ITeAea New editing. withL Portkait. prie 2e. 6d., COMMERCEof the ANTIENT.S. Lectmrex THOUB he Hhty andPrinciples of Cammemsoe em arnea on by Antlat N Greoc,Tsre Carth%ge. Itome n Eas nlr B" GqR&RT, ,1RX'Autl~!of rL:oief0t1to- h lll InilrWyTermd 57b OH IH, in T , oWbatey PAn- feeoofPostca Dnboodnon ineth Unisraty of puln.' t"de -A- &menW Ond Co. pentn h ogpoien n Th ,R tSE of tetrae thoISO ~CtALtZz GiAIw irI&JI PbydcLheto twe Royl, pnlost" for. Dith hre of red Che,1e aynd Mmc uthr, piceIn& titd ltorab,pl'sS lAt Comandte of Athes and Dn yacot Albe Grartnr nhro don, Log*maln and Co. O JusNorbeready.ne abce jupoed Rflt . ,rc S ra`ticHE~~~ LOTThER toften oIF thedhs% C y .. H. t .ABLSIN,IL O., Aeuw fthero Collegle ofPha Selans, Is Theio London,. &m boogiada. d Co-on. Wr n os Justrey a new Book for &,a&dde Bteading, price Is. ORANNEb; or, What I Di, arid iutt wrappe. Thla'book Se very adptd o hieaway erj Albet t,AgsB. Reach. Homes PA&haw.- esiee2s. eacb. to ornmecalboad~illeeteate bq ailbert, BeoIng, klIne, Pins, ~ KECHES of the DAY, By ALBERT i3MITW. ooehlPeoe. By Hlorace Maynew. Mfen Of the Hour. B3y Axrgus B. Besch. These books a6re dcddeo!g=be appiest efforts of their authors, Lac, don. Wacdand Look, id__ slat-tet;and all booksellers. Now ready, in pot B"0. 11 pp., price 4s, 6d., cxtra cl_oth, FIATHER EUSTACE: a Tale of the Jeeuits. By X. MmTROLOPIL WitTgolliustiretlcus Gilbert. The Banker's Wife. By Mre. Gore. Uniform. in the poets London, Knight sLd Soxn, Clerkeuell-cloe,e Uniform writh"1 Nether Buszt os," pp., 4s. 60. exor sloth, V-ATLTERCOLYTTOT: a Tale of 1688. By 'Wait,r Co0lyton' Is a novel Of the good old school-a well4rJd mtos-y ot eunl Engliah interest." London Knight end Son, Clecker.. ENGLISH SCtHOOL LINB.-T-hiA day. third editiono in cuwn tro., sloth, l0g. Ed, T0Mb BROWN's SCHlOOL bYS, By man OLD Thsdyreveth thousand, tn crown 8ro., 4s, . AT~M !C or CHOLS.By B3AWIARD PefowofSt Pters oleg, ambridge. nhit hoo coiprseea ompeterepintoftheArihmeicfrom Mdr. Sith'ls larer ork wih uchaltratonsaswer nesearyIn sepsealing lb fro th aleba; ithReerecesthrugoutto heDecimal 8:stecn This dsy di diin,I w Sro., 10., 6d,, A RITHMETI'7Ct ansdt AnLGEBRA in their PRIN. XLCIPIMS and APPLICATION, with numerows escemal'rally. sarraned xannplee taken from the Cambridge Examndation Papers wihNca INRODUOTIO to th Grdnryxminto fROrBE DeOree PSMITH,ON A. By llow ofN St.Pees CMle. ,C. t hortdgI. Thisdeniton i reimolnt ofzd fourtx edtof , nreodtio pgef Parne A pudl, cttanin 1 rticle on. Prgeane IeetW ,fadKe Cmzyibelhad, Binoem4Ial Teaorea Scalert. ittlnad nltmsisthee ivn,T-his nelw mter, which filst 95 age,harbe adB a h rset rmayontee BLOgeged in tuitiR cown. Csen bridge,Macmilan an Co.lakclt e POSITUON of FAOIL PERICyKC. J. Part I RL-Sn D. D2rP., lae.. o edAnod.iuo Areyie may be bAuto, pricted4 id. eache Part. coea l rate"A Toms eloee ,'dgt-sr.u 5&=,eo JAw. on, ad O.bakco, ready edges .with the Author), with a Preae by YMrs akl,At*o Mary horton ABLVAUGHAN, a Tale, By the Aatbf2 1A .Th mplighter," Pric ls. III. Seonpeo Low, Sea, md a. AT Ludrate-hIll and all tookpellee end railway stalls, AMERICA ABR6Do; or, Life in THE NOBL TRYOU:a hoicle. Dv ATThOMAS of SWALRRATOtN, Anniger. Lonon,Sth, watr, and Co.. 65. Corsull. Inden io, lth. prl5Zi AHAND.BOOK oBRTSH MRTM iy ftor the use of Merzh%n% 8blpowners, Shlpate,edLm Smi1th, Mder & cad o 6!, CoreblI WUIl be -pbUtlhed shorTly, unaform with hsMselne,i n price i'. clth ESMOND. A Story of Quen ne'Reg. y 14W.1It. TOIACKZRA&Y. A few oiso n irr dto,[ I vole, reMain Oci hand, ifs., cloth. Ldn,St, le,ad COp, 65, OormhiLl DAYo&UT, ITN.PieG, WAR-ItxEVILS and DUTIES ; a Sermon. By ACW LKBON, Di.D, Loed Bishop 01 Licln.d Loudos, Wi.lliamSkefftnzton, 183. PiowAdllly. PAST l)AY.-Ju e-dy, 0,8., II..by -pOettI. 4. HTEAR YE the ROD and WHO EHATHC AP.. t~POINTED IT: a Sxermon for the Pact Day, Octobrr 7,1L517. D# JAMES GALLOWAY CO0WAN, Mlinister of ArchbihOp Teniwon'. ChapeL London. WMiim Skefington, 105, Piccadilly, W. Jbat pbsabUed, price6Gd..ocoloured, by pxossemen tamps., CIRUCHLEY's RAILWAY COUNTY MAPS of %-J ENGLAND, showinll the Railwaysend the Telegrapph lnes, with theNamneos.IIlltheir tatlone;aso tte Names ofeacbh Rilway, and theCompanyto whom It belongs. These excellentcounty maps, laxser and superior to asp other for railway itarelilg, are offered We th ublic at6d each, theprwiceat whichthe most Infer-ior sounty -map aresold. G.?. 'Obsuchleyr. aoublseri Flsee-street Jsncphlsnd price is. plain. Se. coloured, siae 3 feet by ~ 2 feet 2 In., 1NDomIA.-CRUCHLEY's NEW MAP of INDIA, oft. ?o~le from the valuable AnthorMtes, Documnents,c,d Snry Road; Riw& n MW Ain i the Pzeeldenctar of Benpl, Bombay, and Madras. the hoyxt of the Mutinies This large map, he. plain, 3s. colanred, mounted In raewse.. equal in utilty rod inforvaction to maps at much higher prices Smell M-r ts India, Gd.-4G. F. Chruobly,maPseeer and elabte nusnfarturer. St. Fleet-street. BAKEaWs SUYRIAL% Seondoo lo,Js pnhlinlocol,in one i co loth, THeoLAWS Rn BYERLWRT to MBULRuiAL8-a-lw,tJ naNot,en, Farmd andr tePratcticaon,ethructisl B Trast, rrAKES,, BoiMaud other4-w oft the BEONRiaDc SILOffice. heRondseitow Including Wetheitatbates on the eet whoe.lo and thr enScotl parnomIris Alcts.rWin. rnaxwll,3 Bell-arde Linco3eln'-Inn. onll BHOOti's CUNTYcOUR.TnS, fSeondr £ditiofn.-Jnrt ublsed ro., ORC51 s. cILLt,anAtcmrgio xnHe P% luraCte.Indestruthbe clUT ORS .8CondWItin,ByIEBATBROA ;oOr, aourAin Barritran-oe AuP ro G A Seecio . REN LD,Esqal Authors" fc WIt thbePrtwacetioc Insolecy nd. unde Ih PikikAroadecJion, CaRriablecotrnuats,Fion of Socitis, andouPothermous,Pabyo tENR he PickwD, Club, anpromists at-Law. We thiak thuar. onThe wharole,sand fortgenerd upss w thea spireset Counidlty.CourthPractcenelathe bnlentthatarehithertoappeauledof lf.-Sollo gow' ournal.r.Mawl 32,do Bell-yLard2,W L wsckI-l%ne. ILopertions on the ic dy f Januoar.Is.BLno. WOODWhRDha a a lreepcinenGatonersIn the7unitedukingdo.Is JientLehooahe.piceAsoom. G, a Irefos. stms T.tEtBA ons' i GE MghaN CPy.BO a zlec Stee, Lndo, Car.dH Carn e Co. a, Patroternte-row: odb.l pHE DEABROAE; oT, a e Toale.nByrWIce.E RIC WOLINSCKeYNOLdS,Feq, ukooethorof "Rob tert Macals England,"&I ofPlhks.lr Abroad' I andareablpontiuaio of; Buaor's amnd Pcethous Papoo bersvafthen Picthose Club.andderomians sutlo beomensuawlly 'plax.the churalerof ar sutane with the reatyo spritUad idelity, and dlcthe dscns on and Irdnear axie deand fullyoe and omatilallowCturemr.eLo to, HenryunLean the vowklues eoe u. tLeeston on terEgls Befdbrm aUon Byt B. B. u C'ODWtR- , FlRNt LesonsIn eography. wit th thousand. Viwoste, _b W-tard a McanCo, 827., cateru Iste.r6w Jutpblshd,in vle, ue Sn. taleAloo-,, o THE DEAD ECRET: aNew Tale,By WILKI A COLINS "Clar ad lie-lie coceptOnf cace;rce ofscn: iloueo aprfctynaual n pnaeu id Just published. 5,0.. cloth 5&..by post Is, 60., ~TRICTURE, of the URETHRA'- its Complicationsg, t.J Smptona ud Teatmet; wthOaes, liustratIve of a mode of F.B.C i,. urgeo to he Wetminser D spear. "Mr. Wadeobt, fulOf Ractcn aTdImpoTan-t eay fourmtin.tRnknL AsredtUon pthe Jutpbihd a . n re eb edt on. t 2s. Ed, fe yrt TROYURIof, Bh Ro TR,uc, RC S TC&LYCOSUCCIEDSFLL wt &DsrEptED o byheDICTreDtn INA.LAritIo t vekin fe By AwDBTH,UONMAS.DAOTLE M_D., Lodn . H.Railidre 219 E&Hecntre,19 et et. rot odn Now edORK (tz onrtb)ITurt pubUW* Pready ,fourea cdltinrost ON TRICUR n ASE STH tATO5 RPRA" wi thCaLViwt COSIERD wirth ao ofWdecptonma othen Tretment, "Werecmmed ll fflcte prsos t peus th n wek for thorn Je eiio (h ponrbl.Js ulshd rc c, reb o Ge 4. ('INTRUEand ALSESPERATORHCE Von ci ur~)escUsts. PsIe CQnsfwco. asks Mid, ~ ty.-lbsProp" O~; (of*~ Moe~U~ Avsroeb,, 3sbsn~I This day, third editlon revs, 6&. ISTORYof the ENGKLIR OREFORMATION. etor of Ormsby. London, JDh W. Parker and Sn. Wegk trand. Thbis and obe an ediUou, revied. SL, DOPULARtPHYSIOLOG~Y: iamailiar Explana- Utioc of intereseag Fadcs connected with te Strmc;cue and Wunctlon of Antm&als and pactionarl of Mon. By P. B, LORD, XLs Londous John W. Ccket Dand on, lWsttanD.. end PHYSIO- .h , he fourOIth ed , rosined and enlarged, two volumes, Svo., SEOTJRBESon thePRINCIPLESandPRACTICE ,PHYSIC, Seliyered at Kines Colleg ndon. ByTooWA WATiION. hLD.. Yellow of the Res!a Collgge ot Ebynicana London, John. W. Parker and So Went StrAnd. OD Edition. enlarsed. I veDt, ivov.4 By A. TAYLOR, M.D.. F.R.iB., hk. J 'W. Parke and Son, Wen SW'snd Os Glignani and Oowespay* Puari. hida,oathectiton, .. PROVERoB thnd etheir LESIS B R L EEXNEVIXTBe D.D., Dean of ter. By the same Author, Onthe StudyofW Wrds. Seventh edition. revid. G g. &l. Rogla Past nd Present. Third editoenlrged. 4. Londdo, John W. Parker and Son. Weet Strand. Tbin day. aeset edition Svo, ia. *JOTES on the PARABLES. CHENEVIX 'T11 TRENCH, D.D.. Dean oL Wte t By the name Author, Notes ou the Miracles. 31th editio Isre Srmnoua Preached betote the Ost Cambidge Ln 1I ahe6d. 00onims of the Now Testament. Third edition. 5L HussanaLectures Ceape erdlDtin 5g. Et. Augetlue's Bxpoltio of the Sermon. on the Mnunt. Ssccd edition. With an Introductor7 E&ay on St6 Augustine as an Interpn5sof C peusre. 7h. The E.aay aepr4tmely, . 6d. Londoen John W. Parketr an Son. Watt Strand. Pp. 5it prIce .g. M0. LIBEE CANTABRIGIENS IS: an .Accout t of the iL'A-BEIR IRafforded. LAW Pofr Stude.ta, the DIVorragemuntofrered to t Sudets,audtheRewrdsoouorrd r Buo"dl Students ODate Uniersit Bof rdge to wht2 h Is DreSxd, s Colleotino of Monms,Aphrims,ito, esigned for the Ife of Lear'ners. Bt' DOBIiR POTI,M.a.Teiity Collnee. "The (annual) income of the Ui I andathe Co llees together amonoted to no lees a ea thb £ .e poh of the Bghbt Hes. kP. ued. in the 'oue ,f CcooononFrkid, May 30, 'IG.. So the Csmbd4go Act. i and20Vick.,oap. A It Is st.sksln seton41:-Fromed w after the first day oL Nbobbaslan Ter2n, ISM it -hll not be neoseary for any es on obtainig fe oy exhibD o ore krhol.rship. or other college e.oet aSvAble foe the asitance of and Undergauate Student In bi acemical education to maie or subsrbe any declarAton of his reiiatoas opinion er beisef, or to taLke any oath. sop law or statute to the oonotrsy notwithutari-jnT." Jo W. Parker hod Son. Lonaon. Price Id.. _ PARE WHILE YOU STRIKE: a Plea for iserry Ine Idia By JOHrN R. reAIRD, D nD. Whitfield, London4 J ~.and Rawson. Ma&chester. JL3t pubihed, HE SACRED GARLAND.Scn eis ravl 32mo. crimon cloth, I. Gd Simtiun, Ja,shall and Co. Price 6d..pepet7. H ULDSON's B3AY and RED RIVER SETTLE- A EEP. By W. KESNAGOAN, of Chicao U.S. LondnAlgar and Street, U CitecneuVt'a-ne, city. R C. Thi g6ayi spit t-ed third of Won. ,.5clthe. . o A CHBOLD'e A L of PARTNERSHIP and of A RJOINT-STOK C OARS 11DO .7. and BUb of ExcHange. P. ARCEEIOLD, e Bayrst Lrod-La. n. SbaH and P ons. Bendonac.J.rd. e . P Now ready, price Inld r HEW NE LAW of MARRIA and DIVORCE POPULARLY EXPI.&JNED. With afCop o' the Act. BY LA. HOLDS WORHt and B, P . T.TSWEL, A.. BaIristeratlaw. Loodono, Robert Haedwtcko. 26 lake-steet, Piccadill; and a boeessllera n Third edition, in I TO. Pest 8To.. ce,trd, , TNDIA and theo GOSPEL* or ex miefor the Menas-' By the Bey W. CL. i& is,loay The book iold be circulated by tens of tho a. London. Job. lUnV, Yetetnnster .yO7 To be h8 d of ail bokDondllero, in bu, p gce 2a. 6d.. NDI.N, oloial an Untedkastes BECURI. L zI--8TA.THE2BT of AOOIOUN T.B W. L&NGE, 25, erostreet XO. This work Iscalcla to be onla with xreasra.c-Herngath`s JournaLt J suo (i. 6d. ech), tn o Lt r tages eo 6aful reat4er. profusely Illustrt, d in complet library of DSL~~~~t hom d cRiLd*owaag'mmeb d , T Z~~~]EONMIT. A13e in Monthly Wil be ready in a few dam in orown 8rs.. l, a tiemtrated by Wood EDgravigs prioe .ec DuECORDS of MIIG sma METALLURGY; nJd en, Facts anu resmoranda for the ue of the irne Atent and Nooslter. Bi .T.ARTHUR P.ILLIPS And JOHNDA.RLINGTON. London, IR and. It and pon. 16. BuckleeDbury. Just ubtIehd. Ioeles.6Gd., post free VIEW of DUNEDIN and its NEIGHBOUR. RLOOD (in Otigo, New Zealand). Alo, niow ready, price Sd.S ear'tpon ot the Prorinee of Otago, New Zealand, with map. XS r.s 3J. IVn.i 2t. Great Rnusll-stmret, Bnoo nry.dLon7 Now ready, price la,,Oyno froee, INT" on the FoRt M I6 of POPULAR RIURAL LTBR&RI¢ on- a Self-up Dorting and Inexpensdre and tbher adackabillty to snect one of he Socia Noeessties of alm Thng I By me Her. P'. W. NAYLR B .A... Upton, Notts. Bn and Co.. 1, Hollee-steert. Cavenih8Y-IIuare, W. Jusht xlhaeed, A S CHOOL otA of n INDIA. cre podingtin Wea Ousmisaiooiers on feucation in Ireland. On rolars, 16s sin Mt Sin. he 4tt 41n. Smith and Son. 172, Strand. Aleso a Map of India on none, sheet, 3e. : in oars for pocket, 5g. Now reedy, Price 3d., or ifs. per I PA, W HAT CAN WE DO for OUR FELLOW VYUBECT3 in INDIA 9 By the Rer. W. EL RMDLEY. Rec-tor %Wrabledon, Buckg. The profibe, If any,. will be given to the Specoa F1UC(hsociety for the propageioor the Gsoel n orelgo Pet.london J. and U. imosj 6. aenscrrw The INDIANF BRVOLT.--Jn ready RV. ANO STOELLsE RM6N on the It MUINY n IND wecbodSepemer27. 1ri ,1I. A Wand. Kent and C.Paense-o,Ldo, J. Galt aud Co., Mancheseter, and al okolr. ntssn by post on remitting Ia. In stamps JJ FE n IRA L; r, ale Iltmratveof Hebrew Charcte an Gitor at astns pocs. y M. T. RIO RA.RDB. truy fscnatngvolme ik sylebrllintand poetic; and its Xs.nilbon,AA',,s, and Co ~ FRISTAN CONsLATI6N,or Diesiourses on YIDIANM bUTINIES.-Tbe Governiment of India require that all pnsenting themselve for lndiza appolutmente shouxld have a tho. rotgh acQuaintance with the IISTORY of BRITISH INDIA. By HUGH H X. URRAY, Esq., F.R.S.R, (vide Regulations). A new edition now ready Sanpp. 140, prIce Go. 60.. or poetfre, Gd. &LThomis., elwen and eoue, btatroctet-row, London: di burh, and N Tew York. M cdveyp isJpbolee, one vol. ivo., Map and Yiew. price Ic Gd., ~IH ANUBE and the BLAOK SEA: Memoir IL on their Janction by a Railway between Tolsermaxoda and a Yore Port at Knsteudjts:;with Remarkxono the Navloati'ss of the Danue. he enuianProvin,Ws, the Opra Trade, its. By TROkIAS 1O3.ESTiMB Item.Author of "Norway in lU.1219," ito,lndon, Edward Stasford, I.Charis-cr.o.ZSa,.W Justputblishedfifth edition, uc p hios., re bypoet, THNE ART of BtREWING' Felrmenting and Mnkdng ,IL o CEMalt; contaiing ecerect 41 of )Mashng etsfulDrc Signagfor peevtntins cetone Femeestaqlon, Ind eer,rrother neeear !kwmation to make Buooen i tin tin mportant srt oertaln : the , 0yea practice By JOHN LUVESQUES, late of the Anchor ramwery.-James Leath, 6.1 IPa ul'g churebyard. Just published, in Two prico 7s. Gd., WORKNG f te SEAMENGINE EX. JLA.IMNEDY: thea UExpofmo teIIAtOeR: withua Desgmistionao the Mode ofterpAnuling Scytem and seoComgouroinghefoEigine, natre andobjetsofth rOiteIsO Judermn.Ills trated byantrauinyghei adnd tiagramsh Shecondrdition, moenlbfargdohnry J Weao8. c 53 olbwrn, sanhetSteran,Thomson :andSn ;l Leeds,Neemead on Hd desidaid. B. Brown. daeandPro rREEMB.NRY-Nowready Pars 1 adBritoshbemomlreteinithe Custms f te Acien Egptins:showng romtheOrigffin, atre andoblcteof he im nd ereceres rmot aniqutytmeireden street, Strand, London : and eli bookasiless Iuntns SuUaed clnth exitoa, printedSwt onumru Illstations,h gren.Beig MiitryHisor ofth Brtih mpieai frthe forcoealcrcuatludningthepreentserouldcisi ohe affarsing reter t V udroteAuthN: animateda Amen-corner, Paternoete5r-rn ww. ar D.D.,late ord Bshop f Graam's wown.bipy the Ree. . ARTER ?LA, Retor f Cleer. ith nCInrlodmctionby SAMUEL.Lord Bihop of xford. ne of teAmeot ttra2tvel. rons on the Christian Lfe. By theame Author. London.Bell and DiSldy, 185. 7leet-aetr. reedy. seond edit.. eara and ocusaym e LISCHEL's GERMAN READING OK na entirely new priucipl A story bi Franz Homan ilbey ByD. .Iti.i FISOHEL., German Mat3ier btothe tockynil Grammar Sehot,In nin wth ing Cflee, e oedial recommend the zanmniesigaeat ImprovemeuWnt inthdeW ar f taching r o , mee "Thisbook ongttob i he hoods of etveryone Lcopies =hanbeen soldinlessthan12 months, London. D. Nutt, L) IMOND, Plte, earl, ad Precious Stone. value, by W. B. and A, n^ 0 , Pl and Jewels BOU (JT = eb th utaX va ve . 8A'TEOROUG31, I'DAMO,NDS, Plate, and Jeweery of every de.ZJ~It1OI BOUHT for caeh, and full value ge.byGORGE RENItY , gnsolth,. 8, Cophi,O OPPoste the Bnk of Begladn. DIAMONDS, Plate, and Jewels BOUGHT. The re mower.-RICELARD ATIT. fTT. .SIMPSONn Co.s est4blishmenc, 154, AR60egnt-street. and S. Boeketroest, wil now be found unusual attrac s n NOVELTIES of every d°esription, utable for woddin g; archr piz, &c. The folowing are named as 3pecimus o IWOkmanehle, at modert prices, viz. :-VWenh cloths1 nodr shaes,withstads cmplte, rom28,. Gd. to £100 ; goll wachs wrrned fo a nd txo £0;ldyEroSewood N.erel, QPARKLING EPERNAY CHAMPAGNE n te tago,46oblCd, per dozsn ul-.D1r WINE COPiAY. 66, FLRST.CLASS ICRAMPAGNE, from EpernDA,48,. free to wany free of carae oay ato DORE3 POXT and BrEgRRY 30s. per dot, bottlee LU jRLOdeDsUd eof Pdeo CL be dse e. sample Pbtrle No ar fao b-.-srNOcboaTl ad only wolesal winos ber rchnts, 6, loud pl aseas, K eeroa de Mr, leboe. l !>b54 p_e s f 1 st7a. "i ' rJyfMPiRANCE CHADD hIPAM, Xn 1orentred W.d Dier. lie pine No chrge for bwr, Fot r ese o. v. 1,INES frost CAPE of GOOD EIOPE.-PORT, pURE WINiE;, axll of whibh are guaranteed: Shoiies of tierdoz G~am, or Paul nIed Daet4s, 2k., Ste, H., 1~.perdor : Porte, 36Le, Its.OF6k, 1k; Curst, fle; Oltquo'sChapage,724 : Eevnnee,,'a piae brady, 30e,. 3its, 3iL, per allon; rum, ICe;wj ,its, 6d. gi s OeI 61.- WhE. LEE,`w-te merchant, 25. ttaCkvtlle.tet PiocadlIl. Q vaie-he IAJ. 0 r o moigtm n Cxlan,pa~, owera kkn dJob-nneesbm-ofttbo-Ridne Eack %nd iaosele grower.- IfouozenkUn ook nd oselle, atBgthnaof, aetd. Note the ageat'gswnae, snd*eyevooen. Bndetaoes c tounreferooeoudba- (larophol, winemerchant 1St, ieecot-erecet. or naildeetoblrehedtAof a 47 .08~fo 0Q1IE.edspro qoaltv,fif. pr doea;(r'azes o Teon fitrOwts 4nkru lto4s, Hoinkin and Repll, 42,,41.. a d a. Chale, 4ire%32: Satrn. Julen goerk lie.;paleand h m fineslaee . 3fts. ;o Leswa R o rt, Ide An ,, body naurolenlur. nd oe Srre rA, oe,fmed for ite purity soddeleay o favor,4k;Oh,te i ran (I-tevao Msrgasx, fleet ofteoelebrate I44 vlning5e, lif, ~a'~oEngao,~ pefoct,vinisetS4 Edo. 14 r ninpbo dozn; rj,ee ofthre dmo (o ~povlmzr .cl wit 4eettreeL B LlAUDE.IB,a pure ae BRAN'DY,prcooel i2,iuponanasgston,to bo Decolirle srom aoltly. and bettfeg adpld o heus o Ivlidn than a11etbepri.I Frenah bottler,, fi, erdan,oterbottles retunbe r forth con' trv', in Onedogn afe,lI. ac , pcter indod-HE R -BRtTT and Clo., OldFnnlr~aDltllo.y,Holborn. L L WHIKY . SOI'NAC ;ta be Fren lch randy, t Iorle,i milY,mllw sod r dmligo .,e an ory oz~~~~~~~~~~~e4 .us : bbretaIl ho ese:. Obeorvo the red meel t< nk tl abel,an d thrk b ewn y trx 1- nquors, 0 mno>l ipale &ne itrA AT SOHs ThaIdGI o the true junipe I,. VLDeur WAndpEcT,iseydel runs from tthentJ. rthoutbg titeAd tin of sug thi bW adar, orafondet htvr. Iv er al re d sa loe ()tuy genned bsptS o eerydenaeniW"to t 5elrn anghd brrt, sn. ; lghsg Pre Ulstompan- , dmter &rLd otbHn in l lf and Co. 01dit AndaLtNtel ALwEand lATO:tT,.Auee o.per tiorun ElqO?nlat-I1u.ind the doa it 30 ye h, o ' rNBte. Deive ed frelv m les, 3 Rys e prenit Shery . perk d oen. IIEN EN pser doen. PAWOOADMandWXA PuktTMA aneeLty. nted .madneneWetee, abroa,e (nte aig .7 bnt. Ase - PHd Yeheao WORTHIbaTOd e nd ROBEINAS N. e- Kin g Williknown In nriet, c iuty. on d balea t ie man ndw be h at idr ut l srodn b o en anielr dir c to the r rewery Drt, 8, ooT a. ivt strges lithop ie odpe an otroI asiAn boTt le. s sw re Ia quniiesy reomommexI* ounce z to Lno o tuec ha AIE anm N (3TOIJT. fiev Pers on Deall an eC . beorent o e to their tunt LOUR eno U uuduteiB CdpFli:£R.d Algtt telm tbet onet ptcotte al d as, fisr hiof t hey o hatreo to le,t wb iryd anaebtnine patonae ae, to their Iturton *n Rdlnbrg a c knd gwhtPreet op anr b l, Plb ter an.d ubinh Stou,al o n finte defon o. odakt thlost WATo,,- S, 66am.ftre bo, heepd ed, Cder ntd berr I n , grno peoototL oaWe, In. greet Httet EL _d Hn L BEurord e PAWtL . Yreo and W, D'er pTo , MyF-ro. RaponThsat1nccvsoa tm enteee a, Oock booting, fpr-o treet, nknohron _a rnlr ies reo inralt,, the hehet markett pries e b ne, S3, bec NWOEUI tq]:D GOL WAT E ,i frm y-Oa b 50rowry r awd h ling 5c 5 of thes l s onck tt oue 6 di tO Grea Breigm, rmnt excte Ord e theshortest notce aXndto ti THEL; betI.,S,X=D andceaetTEI Engn ACare Obttt W_ater orco dDIZkN ws+chmak andlib lerin Ittrug4n ths sioeiutePtoenobt aiers canon,d of H n o m'te merandts, KigWllbam.tet,cdy. Strongr m besot tbrm blRhea r 38 t oth, bs, t. I. you p er lb.A oenera pr y curren tob .Dent e o aln g 51 th advatage ofr,ona mbho, aet freet bd. pat osnd Spls, Bon Is esormaLWihar eIe BlaYre REGtsb heS o h EAR h ata T p oosweareed int leaui eon-ble to. enjoy t ex qu Cmterswma and to unrea, 9 aredaod kbis m nebff alxone: ebub gi, It im a moown penfo n h frend WATEEBTO for chom Frioe s. and upwarGds.-JmeI frl, bread ting SREG EcWAT4;es fro DA OHepadE, makertor e an Qend in otr deth aoeand pil v eat adrfests H, of v. o tacd byn u pdoet fro hbn toff0 guies bo sh4lfav examin b ted UAdI OO, otb fiGorm ill. Nortran . ec ,L e r polt or bo7, lesIn-f,i, ty-road r Sagls lent. O tr chr y noaetert w Ttsmndesoc. tonnSr vATo a nds DrYpDE- onpARK..-.wFaUers e-d B~~g in thi to lvi ini ty wilg &tebe IU Geenit A ndo Weors Aorthn.TeD Gr OLDWATCHtet oron th m s ode. b solad rold DleW Inoabys lng, ftr. ofBBOSd)o aSo an.elPoretoamert=ant red renhateeon remetdst. t rts, unp BS ~roesomedaln peronbs in LoLdo notl tous holdr..Sh walker or cbaki, ar pnlegpeo a eo, lwirokt ft ierig A thR oneP BELL -IFanuSOltBirs F.Ojpsides,I& C O FiLy3S102nbam mi.' Temple-he, Leudon,i~rotpect seetr eSe tsfl Int the ondtr WAATE Y .O N OWnuOd BRG Th-anasecofee LLyoulrel, ~v b. yn maybuy enrisettadtforie. . moentoarin tHEnroe REISTE ED WAOITCHRRI) CNELltO foTr Tthe 1 pn Immroitei deghti. ono opDosite t on beytht equiiterb 8Iomaa offa thh t o freser bs te e Loranpfor c thoeo, nGiortle oa,andowt - Be slow,oe, Kine u"lrnm redenty bnsL h FesgraILLg ratiTi or portagefree. whis8oou5 is no Prmd- tDCSno a*£ . =0i te UnWAdTKigdo , on , the eie ort iTKn geolandfo Dsilver, gra Pa.TTEty, or vs RonRStr, lok d pri from rle 40. gwIne s Every watch Iktlo two7 6 9Ine Regisedo. D1T0 7s u7Sr to 1 o o. 15dt) Co eit.er LT tL tp g-o at, pleasure wearer,ss froheqo ese ach, An cld ock.e broakybporao1ert m1t *t to an Maety tZhe Queen f3, Co10 k. towdu m10a 7flid a gold h in h 4 laong frewl 112, 7de to 2c salATEAB. SAVORg bro8acs geON nd si ie iocet pins, and%tandsa e12 an lorwU prdice,a op NDRttWCj RKt,Lol onnuatorSI.e3.ebC>lheapi, .ana btu5 lSeS bn-tbe hoW. mtE DXeOp btewrtc S maer aER nd ewe ller 24, k leopgdtto-, wieten, p on IcC,, odpSite T hrS oneenlt shoot IwSioon.udpo* treewatohs, psered of t he highest finlob,Ii 51escEIIeGTOSnd£7i Oold cacer,e o h ladl.' i sand£14 I golhtre, gnlmen's, £17 and mlL I ,lamodsi, c, purchalnSed e J~EZT ol scesortoE.J DentOZ. all hJisLd Db'.patem ntAehtsan bsiniess, at 51.hS Bt iendad "fit andfi Roya tbdmaerm,dthe groaibt cokfche dctousteseczs of Piaatbe Ledion 14 DapelTo. and BRis DE576 7O 6 1 BpHLdlE REITEE WAS C PROTECTOR, for H,Ili ii ILIG I, tlprCale-tet Nr lp Itonteins te.woI no rprdt supply th atx*aee n owllr coffteeUie Kigo, t e usqualrermin LoKeI, raelTs, ,,mhIc are,sentfre ntrecoa of7 two polettge EtaPs.Roitroe renuoltuing byroocthesi srozid gol, ka.bgto thu ithe Ukntorhi,at pleasuremdde tof wbearetrer,wfomck a lreah.etA gold pNtW brochSrGlcke ren free wt cany pfart, ofi th&T ekidomu oWe for10.d- Lslle Prs xbmiio,the ad2couodeoDrtonvoate the roaof.-thLeio of H Onur, a5 well ad the Grande Medaille dMIomaeur (the only out *wardd to the tade) Te T Ceoncil MeIw 1lso swarded t them attbe Exhibtuon in 15. ch article bea their mark, R, d Co., under a Orown, and articlos sl u being plated by Elkingten's Patent Prooesaffordnoguarantee of qnUaty.-2A RenWtroet, and 45. Moor gt London; and at their manufactoy ew,aU tr Biring h4m. Estimatea ad drwings oent free by post. Reeu lating and eidis, 119Rr PB150T :SUBISTITU1E for SILVBki,T TShrer81nO S:LVE Int y earsg by WILLIAM F. BURVON, wben plated bg tbe pat Prooes ot %Q"kM nd Co., Is beyond al compson the r bo e nex t ilyer tha can be ermploed a suchb eather ne0fully or ornamentall,aa by no posle test mm ni be d d trom ral sIlver. P sin pattern-table spoons ad frk per doz. er4, I tea 1P : *.L ; a varleOty 0otb~1,-Paeroae at Oqdllt moderate sAooe tea sod odee es, oret nd liquer fame., walton, candl6stlcks, tO, at rcoBrlonte prie.. All kinds od &VdeMone by the patent oeL In theft Premises, forned of g houber, loon show the most maagnifomt stock of General HocAs Ironmongerr. with outlery, ni l diver, pl ood baths, brushen , turnetry clocks candelabra, lamps, ges ru uand bra boeteads, beddLng and bed-hanging, so wrrauged la a6 shg fow rooms. ato afford to pesi( turnlihi4g facilites In the Oelec. of goods that canmo be hoped fer elsewhere. Illuntrated ctaloges gent ner poet free.39 Oxford-tree W. Lla, 5. and Nema ctreet;5 i Ed 4 , , ac. st blshed 12 . PPIl's ELml,TRo - SILVER PLATE and GUTL1Z12Y.-HPPIN, BBOT Eia, asnuakurs bry cia appointment to the Queer, are the olSby i33ieeld malers .DO sopDuy the ODnsmer direct, on tbding of nolntefening profit between the manufturer and tobuayer. Tbeir Lono_ ebowrooms, 61 ad 63. King WVlll oruee Londonridid oountan by far the large1 dock of CUTLERY and HLIX)TlO VER PLATE in Ihe world, which is transmtted diroot om their 5nunfaCtory, tun' C ery Works, Shefliold. mEctrotw spet and forks, fiddle pat tern full tIle:-Table sp per doses, 3t table for, e. deeert ra,n 376.; de forks 7 teaspoon ll Ivory tble knives ftall es, blanoe handles, whlc oannot pobly oome loose in ho water:-Table knlves, 2I per doz. : dsert ditto, 15s eOM IL, pair. Aa bove, with serlin ilver ferrules:-T.ble'knives, 21s. perdn mt. knves, 5 cacrvers, 9r per pair. femo. IaDper , tsother, rwe r tnvlte buyers n ionpect their unprecedente di p,ay whi ch tor eanatyo' design, exquette workmnsl, and nostelt stoOdi unrivalled. lhet illustrated atalogue, wrhich ISe continnalb receivIng additions of ne Jesgn, willl be roewrded post free on ap. p -~~~~~~~n 5 l 8, Kin Wilim-tet enudon. wIdc: m abetrr. neearCOtler WForks,Sefied, lV}SBYBODY's OWN. IS th Uht d Ev,, ]L'Re,aBt Cd. se, to be had a JOHN D '. s an urs-o f es u eea apinmntt et3 , aesty 21, Ne A UTUMN SILKS, £15 thea.At IG' A43. loent-ttreet_ FR~oH MhLI24O, h Taer thA etch ij fieionblecoba, a. ew ard TIS, s Mleet "-- Ozfo.uieegpest, bhte g x VWKd.i panatpd,ad cheokod gIac1* at set e55fl ,e,wllwrt ie awtutiton of aIIs HARVEY, mxband 'Co. Mom 60~~~~~~A yen'. Caryisge VWd p 9ATONA LI15! COPPES.OATo - M&NTLE5oftheewe,~ erle ayiq, Jnd redeivn the 1.j9dWse lhea Tea e aore n omchrertha hesinftors, The slew for Ladles who ar e n nmt r.~.o mOfri Weer, wod mantles we being pedlb;aWAISTarTS and Sl beo e gyatuibonaly to ladle ntw rcutyj el~i..c oGs general mourning vaeoe,SS.27 it,a~~Neewe syndis. u oomb O b' nomy, With a guaranteed fit . Rap Se MS. Deb- da Part de ^D ID 6d6 brs ion of i,'ndo. 18W1 . tie Pnts,l BSl.-Ds e in kw P. &'OlfTAXNlC, atm te.ed 41, JOen* ' e *ndOheSo swdL *1 lo hi D rOn brefer. rDe txo t.nDd ena Ooaitsao lb.o I,De nDr getry w dho hav k ca yearsdoa wiSthsthe Comany and wh can cerif as o ic msea ine, 1adLdai J. l oD atee wthnen LIm Dttaby pt.s lfrm parers uleeOt by TL t, otDe. recled ndfoly olrSCt Bouf.Ciosrat Nrer £bove6Li acirrtae fi0'. AdrmessThe Na z^tonal Lthoso In <;~~~13 Nl e.k ao"KUi*D + l rg letrtrea, . fee Iof Labs, face.hc olh.e IMOTN an GRATEN SAE,OB aP2s t the tAt onree, 11)2 an t03. Newgatsees, Londto, eor_ otbUshed leny.m p~ tor ,p i a d J. WV. , tbecto acow,, Ktd toi3 onorld5uec or their proltdees pubeingrtquired I yr ity aL1oreiue, to w,den the street, they mna's OblId tto dcc pfi,ou In C vry ied door ao Sareteor E.DU Io the PD Oftheir 9O)OIA 20 erstt, asteWhe im,at be cleerod or. Th. Ktock aoeet.4, o f evry T i nd o f h ehote and fa Ines, baadkets, W elsh §~~~~~~~~~e NDAOTIS UPrIlD t _teA, " t and Ba.on7 WlaOOLF, *dulite, 0: nre,, 41imec hbrt bee n ale war nt ODd ire h r, for ihich chIt s lebm hast heeo LO i.. THs EUODRI buzio E'BJTS I2DYBIB= A1tIROOK, pee rt pae, pd I. 00. uth ozen, a. drhV A 'mpe,o b rentfot rtosu.p,- AE and CRISP, 221W , knynL Q batre tret, ee 1.1,oeu uutr WATEBPROOFS~~~~Pd-ifi- forw DXIA-eMIEO ~Uu1iTS.....~qj~J~Jj* ofAT'Tbermt 6I "o14Oe. kJacr teel to Sv"b.e.u boe 6 or16. tobot TedIml from. (s. 12ed r, e ph:t rlee-f ;old o lar. tdk, Iad l. to d. pera g £ ; bhe, or more forwre foTrU apprUl, s' rertto P 5t.tber ar4dlDbre shrEunk 1 TCOaTnd ~SRTRT-S. ibit olkwPneroex', Otbe Primedal et torooe orMtK_ hetghintfo m 4sre toSOEPH Bts and On, £ rech £1L0rknsgt 14 soudn-t I* O .meaeorermnt SSpeshible. GAI&.-T( 111inufacuOrerofS,he IND orooredleg to tho oat. Warant *o toD^ shrnk iWda.s,g dThorn Debiinter 9 an giDenGe<ralentilIngt waehne 53 L c. ete-t. at. pBl'n, WTED,C lE wtrpof LMFs fro lIe, ot for aeln acsotino h and *D'ng t0, r tet Caiesydeab Oe Tbe PrOmenade front. in er of d rey', attire qaplUly menDOtse in pot anod tle O0, nlte. vaIllors -td ouTdttre1, l. tool MO' n re D. I taO eor e. dbL arF.. 3ltL i~ YFa DOL Y'. Seeb&Hus, §8244 l -tranin t.rFemod SN No. IQt, Oppotote Xer, . r, T,, )dl,31 yEOUU L OC of this ldrg.ryM iAed hones is nw on 9APB at a oreat roduetlon fron iLe &orIAal plrc, 0Atlor ah t.rt1P:, plaids tweeds Flkra Macdonald, and Ixeintess Capes, water Deb adether olercoM.. eper blred cloth, nin-obuorbillderd and pedu table oor*rs, D'O^ 0. A lbearge seet,ne il the elebrated roaO Ove, In AtY jesa4 fr diningD tablee ACT 25eto 4D, Just introduced by *D. JAV18 0tLchant taller, 74, f,en-e W.. the Ond0rt hinnlg orot clock, and leeved ape, Ist e p"o,f. 21e. to Be%.; the 47s. Salim, made tord rfrm s.hHaiss and Cheviot TWOdL All wool, and thorgtly ogx nrook and Dre Coats, the rOus. Diem rus a4 th h guIE, Wadloe1, lt. U. A pefect A .t gnew33e 8EP.S. for NIboLL. current LIMS Uof PRICOr for unoeq al tle of GZWTL,Ue'A iDjt In manutfactue l d t, al follows ;-bllttry t%nic, ribly hee, £6 ; navy frooscostsal riehby lacod. Li; eve=ngdma' co*%%, S k2. Md. tad AS Mc5; Irte ec%%t.,£5. mod £4; Angoaemgs.frt la i.; Angola W fsetoe s, e. Its. 0, Angoass *.oesas, 1,4 t4eir regiAtered pa eWtfi, s aled eee ee bd oc * thng charged ao, to sto-. DtoUty.jeutce r om.. Court trLtEe-, and eletF re COES for purchwo e hire. Le%oe4 ednnse tuornihadfgrmilliay sari, and diplonalac canrrec, esrenWMvXgk, qa-114. It lkIe, *Dd t-ll. Renea benr atd 22 Cerbln Loaeso lddTING Iand I IING.-TR, G and kPA-TENT BELT-B&ND SPRIN RWR,uo nIn lve IOTpet ITn.oile.welch ornprthbem etre4ei p Gte wt wih braent door stoas Soe ertbms for satsor the tst51 med dosl re lee rod,a swprdlog e NIIL beI h aode only b the Invent, acre lacm 16:,.ploo I D X R ! I. (et dor to Laese-eos Srandlva. Lin of todhe pemr olit forbe IeZndin, with priorC,J Do., bty be hrad o oli_eabo14 fNDIA OUTFITS UPPLIED, w*ith at 3 B. WOOLY sa 0cn mility oRtfttens, 45, CdeI.oMn door rm Ploodilly. tla san , o stber mm wt th rad sind ent,oleogn o eso and sbta forelnre forwa ded po free llEltO 'Pat,ll OXc sura d adton, aCzd beic uxafeebdt b orgeae May be coot to, any elltmte:-WX. WAsNX E asa&, 9, Greha.teet west,X(I, sole manufactorers W ATERPOO C for INDIA.-EDT190N and ranteed to withstn thbe cime omt aof diar Thee4 lution,S lwhk2ononee)prtic Wre 40t. Ul s Osk oa.sb as,. be earried in the p geet. Stout siphoncim, Ie hootowg bots and se seqoltto for the e,ortIMnA In India. Portabla foldtogb e,ajr water beds for inraUlds pillws &c. Portable Indhabbwboats, dstignedfexrUesf for the Idarives,-to oe trcra ekon weighing from 1b. Wo b., orioa z6 6.. MO j_ and £S IxR,keetS. tog tn a enmose of three feet.-The Rlphonts, depo:. Mi 86saai 8AILltOP.AL SHOIBELT~ o ~ 26s,; Bwulkng ditto.; leahe B. boots, 1i,;osnezu. eleetle mocls toots, MAt. Japan, S,Oxna, WdaWelogns, 94*. new 100 4 l0.1' Saranw drme W;dhqC,eam,3 ditto new fo,ted Ps.-rfnoe Gerg b~ I n'.le4e mahot dllm-SUN, IT.Roent4treet. Jescklonleoottnue to PU O cevmy kind o I,3rOHO ordrietalo b waLehoosgt 0 ThrirstrTcfel-eet, Caoete4tarendesh.s WANTD, LDIS Gentlemous n hden's, aTndF (.XjArerd A-PRL ofT-Ow WaInd AP EILoTeery dwcritieAlnpros adfo nd Sioahe on add.-o'sing ar.o linet r,. WHUapOHNS 1. W Dossosresi, HIgh it-squaes,n W. 0, k wabdpaaterwnad WANTfor for ts.traionLADIS',i GentlDemSg, W andCld.nen'sl6ad nTdeOFs CLOTIXofo,evl, dantptio. wbE, orwhc the utostan valwU es gill hei Dle.-AVt LaHr.' rHLIP. rimenta wacehonas, A1 Tharyer-etreet, Mafoeheetersetc Wksiab CUsed eers Ladlea wmItedl bno by. ors Phtlrpoj.edI W%AANTED, toWO PUCLASE, t ora axpornts. TV L.O6. G- wentlemen's,an bhlden'wLEtb.don ty WJe orI APAEL, of all and Ver ecito.Al .ol.dfri cub y adrcuig a insto,e Wby ER ad 6.gn to Mrn.ob,iiLdn HYuNS.en.squae,Wj Ladl. wTed upon R agtL the. own reddenoyes, IAANTED, fDr Aunstrals,~ L.ADIE' Gentlemenes, WT and Cbldren's LEhOFP' CLOTHES, PAELoo eveydsemtlo, mental waehoIn any qaryetote. Ladies Orod'rset.me Ladles and buy meo dclthIoes, by addressing to Mr. o rrM OU TRA. AB . WANTD,fB FFA CLOTHES,'o Gentlomen TV and Children me s aLEeTsOF o M StrBand'AE,,e tof v daonltin, nd o ny oatlt, TaHes, andgePtle wltedonut mssytrseorlrta re,byaidreroes,toy It,eor ldre. JOd bo SLWr,M 119 nd 20,Staad,oppsit Stmrand.hocae. otabte Tihe bdd45year. WANTED, LEST-OFF CLOTHES, for expor*- VVtos.-ltarn. Lnd MY HlART AndM) oftSiu, biv g to 'dce- Jol OHNdcangetmn thatQSan then 20 RgIenat-stra eeth, Iinab In eery ETScriptio ofLEFT-bocaF dLOTHES, and 'cib'allMrelno Prio prty, dlesiorgentlemen basing astnby th aove todipo O wiltbe aitd o eatther bsLPdezaemedbyletes addresdK t4non, r L Lary whoesal e rehiss, 61 4t2n. oppoe-bll. Twn ng bakng UleeT;Ao IN1,Str, on unear Watch,onti dge Keoalouad r. eaure en atthe iiredngs anyr dabor dle-nn, byfr a mletle romdrs th oomg, Es ar, Bit 31,2~ ?len_tl-erre,ss-4and0,W.: 0esid.btIU large asormet 01 erb hIs W INDOWBINDS,oftthefirAtDclYs,atHLD 'u manafatory, Hlghb..tret onposlte Notttn,g.bill-geA, V. Inie Venetian blinda. D°r aquare lont, 7d. ; Onie Vonelasa bhss in wew is. 3d. sring roller binds, 6d.: nommo roller blinds, 4, wifre hlind. On mahogany frumes, bi, tur Oetecd bintds of ytOiced cuoth, IsD S. Old binds rePaied No extra charge for fixing In London FIC:FURNITUEi-The LTOp JONES S Ka o'a_HpesS boAe and GLASSo aroODtMPPS, No 1 2, Totiw trt, Blaefdss elly, K:0, where bns o hadioy il e ^*enr usnlte foe the oams, ttboo, board room, and brM rew and eoond-andu Iron doors, afes, andbookcass a,1 maImmnen stock of r-s fr e, atabe tr the n n eO the Ro Piano(ore, as, blir tables, wit devr asit ;.6a maybe Rad at Cb e a Gbl eut der roht to an u son N CK niture I Vanted.-if etr Oan heir ftaulll e valre in gosiy, . to J0d 1ll. amm,l oe f dt-% Wines: c dotred 17S. :- jOAINA and GLASS RtOOMS, No.. 49 an 5 Oxford*srp, Ldo-JOHIN W. SEtARPUS bhep e tDlly to naI table eatenton to hbs very extensive STOCK ef eCsi Glass, Bartbenware, mod Pgclan at 8 taL in tOss mOst hoesis devigos both British mos foren Te styler wil be fo tha is wniqatmo beaneithl, bIonding hundlreda of jsitsw in deset. te, had bremklat service arrangd conveniently frx p hOnD,i benacoasshrow rooms, ooprlzing eery r,doeripliod r d rron th, lowest nmbe upen to t mo DostlySu mann r pELLATP and Co., (late Pelhtt and Glreel, C1 , chandele mtanafactarers,zr an nlasi chin an stone ware, whboles, roetL and for exp bn-lcc!str and dse rooms,Holland-street, Blaokfr81C, 8u.Knie side Ot RackW.s bridge. Wesern 1urb 03 and fi9, lbe et Poikemss-anrre V. QSLERsrA.3L GLAIS, n.Thndieru, LnErm K * Olfed, Ilodon, baeonsin wih their e. fatr Broadstre Birmingha. establihed lS;tt. A bags aer moout oAt decanter, wine gleee, deEeert maies, band nvtq desl~ ofltabloegle, of the newetdeign, at moderate plrSoes A valeepJ dcles alo obodlel for gas, Ornwametl dSl Ofi seweat and mFt rnsal cidsiLeto IIBNEA SERVICES of 108 plecg InaoevI _-fo £>3w s, Satia 8hundred arts lwas en vie, .k.en er elipttret the mntcotl dsI'n, brektas eLte ,insthei* tel,jas for%P ebece' Ion.o,Isin_m
