DEATHS. bo have Derlehed at Cawonpore, In Jane laat Letut. P. H, =Iack 67th B.N.I .; and, at the sanme ime, Jane .mneila, his itse. Drowned, onhis voyage to Calcutta on ths 4th of Aus last,having fallen Ovdrboard from the Theresa, jNtbert )twards MXwotl cadet ILE.I., Servioe, aged 18, fi,th eo of J. G. Maxwell, otf Oakands, Devon. On the 2th inst, of scaret fever, at io0zneY, county of Cork. Xrel%n& Ropeir Weston, Req., youngest son of thLe late Roper Weston, Fsl., -the Belvidere, Weamouth, aged 25. He livea eloved, and died deeply imeenten. On the 24th inst., PhilMippa Georglian, wife of Nr. Thomn D. Robinson, Derby. On the 25th inst., at Richmonad, Yorkshire, Constance Yotxn,~ daughter of Rev. Lawrence Ottley, aged 3 veate. On flnuday, the 25th inst., atIleodord Houns, Bognor, Ann, widow of the late Jies Young, ERQ., surgeon. Aylesbury, Bue;ea. on the 25th Ins'., at Hylton-etrcet, Worcester, aged 28, hMay Anne, Wrife ci Thomas Knuttou Taph'n, On the 2th inst, ar his reaIdenioe, 9. Goswell roA David Williams, EaQ., In hih 88th year. On the 27th iust., at Thetford, Mr lenry W. Beat. On the 27th bunt, Mr. Williane eUs,m Depoty-lAegitrar of the Miecese of Iretaborough, anid Aechdoescnry of liortharnpion, aged 78. On the 2th Inst, at hia residence, Woodland Rouge, Bathwick-hill, Bath, George Motor, REq. On the 28th Inst,, after a Vrotracted illaea% AnD, the beloved wife of Mr. B. Boneer, of Marlborougb-.sieet, Rackirlaroroad, deeply lamented. On the 2th tinsi., at Reading, Elizabeth, reUct of the late Thomas Coles REsq., In the 88tb year of ber age. On the 29t inst., of scarlet fecer, Rareard Arthur. fourth child of Preedeslk and Hanlet itelnsore, of 25,. Westemn Villas, M aida.hlll weet. On Fridsy, 30th Inst. Sarah the beloved wife of Mr. Matthew Balls, ben., Calder House, Brilxton.-hl, rurrey, in her 78h; lear. On thre 28th inst., at Iforbury Villa, Steatbamo, after a lIngerng lInevr, borne with Ohristia patience ad fortitude, and In the 224 hear Oer of br a.Betay Tumnone, daughter of the athe Francis T =ust% deeyly toted. On the 28th Inst., at his residetn Surboton-hIll, after a linger.g illness George Beil, Esq., latet Bofeston Lodge, near Hdounslow. and tur 40 years, a highl respected inhabitant of so, PI'eosdiuy, aged 63, Hu departed lnpeace, end 1 entered Into the zest which rensainelts for the people of God.' On the 28th Inst., In time 65th Jew of ber ate,Ann, wiftofR. W. Gunner, Eeq, of the War Department, Birminglnam. OnL the 29th Inst., Mr. -homaa P1hlpot% 0t 6I Vittoria-place, Mileend-road, and 49, Graocetrchnzctreest, erpitor, asged .3 Onhe b 29th 1nst~, at Harlewood, Hortfordshlre, fromn congoestion of the lungs, Richard flanderson, Rq., ageint 73. 04i the 2h inst., of consumptior, Eizabeth, the dearlybelovedwife of Mr. John Usher, of Bedford, In the SSd year of ber age. On the 29th lust., at her residence, flussex-place, Kensington, in her 71at year, Emily, widow of the late Robert Hardy, dsq., of the On the 29th Inst., Mary, the wrie of George e. Kett, Esq., of Brook BEnas, Norfolk. Czd Thursday, the 29th inst., at 13, Mansfield-streek. Cavendlah. sequake, Oolonci Edward Cadogan, H. B. L,0. S., aged CM. On the 29th iust., at Goinersa YoArshire, at as advaed age, Fanny, the widow of the late Johtn W5omald, of TemplIe-bar. O4' the 29th Inst., astGrove Cottage, Chelsea, dMra. Lucy ltae4o. wldow of- MU. Willia Mason, and oile of the giter4 of the late Rev. Willarnm Fscoo Crook, the earlest issionary to the Alarquesau oi the 80th Inst, at 27. Ampthhl-square, London, ol typhold fever, DAnIel Hoh, aged 4 years, youngest son of John Rose Cornack, Iij).
BOARD and RES1DCNCE.-VACANOIES for BOARD and RESIDENCE REQUIRED, by young gentlem*n enagel nthe law. wltbltw rale of Temple bar.Tere ~lO. ddres Dlta cure of 92, Oh-oa~ry4.ne. BOARD and RE1Dt NE Taviitockequsare..A B home comprising every sodha comfort and gtool societ in otffed to one or two genileeren fin a priaeaal.Aranwmelnh Miber*L Terne moderave.-A. Y., I brary, 5,` [eIgth-V1eet, Burtan-creesent. BOA-RD and RESIDENCE may be obtaied fo~r B one or two gentl,me. with , evr OmfrL. Thrms one guineab 17week. Osss f dsmiea-11 deth oa.W. X. Welt's library, 5, BOAIRD and RESIDENCE may be oQbtaiuod ~in a Bmail genteel f-mily of the hlghet reapectbilty, who receive a few boarders, and reide near Runsel-.qubre Foe cards of address appl at Mr. Paid's. baker, 55, llemumd-steeet RuMUsel-qoar, oz by letpter.1 poe-pald, to L, B. LI OARD nd RF,SIDEACE.-A wido lady and hier JL2Pdanghter, residingc at Notting-bill, are desIroux of Waing one or two gentlemen to BOARtD. Omntibnses pass the door to the city and west end every 10 minutles. Address 3, B., library, 11, Migh-amiem, Botting-hill IIOARD, PArtial or Entire, or Apar mtents, Iiithe LP house ofa l ady of indepndee adloiing theo Ledbury-road, Ilayawater. ttonse newly funse.Prllboard LAS per annum drawing-room avartments lOs. per week.-Atpba, Bauker's library, Inverness-terrace, Blehot's-road, Bayswater. BOARD, in a pleasant ~enteel re~imdenc_, -inthe hbealthy loc'Alty of CamadeobufA. lady, gentleman, or conune rosy avail theraeielve of a deelrablo opportunity for obtUinIng a cam. tostable home, witlih waisoca domestic clrcle-A.,Brassingtona library, JKensIngton. BOARD and LODGING is to be had, in a clergy. mn'aes fansily, for any Young mnan of quiet habita. Residenre about 10 minutee' walk from Guy's and Si. Tbomas'd Hospital. Reoe. rences given and required. Address EL, poet-office. St. John's, Sooth. wafre. tAL)ad RE IE C I- ady, of the ~highest BArPepect)ab lJty, iresiding near the Glccaeeir-galtl Regent'e.psrre and Camnden Stat on, N.L R., wIshes to receive a, gent oman as foil or partial boarder. References required. Address W., post-office park. ircelt, Camden-town. OARD aia LOGING re OFERE-D ~to a young If glib ady wth hIhl repetabs;mIly, resAIdng In 81. Johne.wod;or ayoug gntlman,enggedantduring the day, wood nt b obect It. Te oe o a inepiao.The t,rms mode. rate Dinerboo 0 oclok. sideca . P vet-olCa, High-street, QARD and RESIDENCE, wit supelioAccomamo. B datd'n, areoffered in the house of a gentleman and bin wife, resid-ingr, w r aseleat. numsber only are taken, who ejyalte comfortsandcoovTentesice of a private home, wIgh the adetgsof cheerful1 and good soolety. For cards of address aDply to (1 . tM.Melvin's, 58. SeuthamPton-Yow. Ressell-aQuare. IOARD and RESIDENOE.-A lady cuyn B, good house seren soil,. S.E. of nd.wIhAtreeea gentlemnan andhisewite as permanent INMTS la w rthree ladflesdeelrlng the protection and cofr o el-poItdand egocaebde home Moderately remuneratv em,wt eeees reqe. Adldress 1 L., 26, Duke-stet t.Jmss JOARID and RESIDRNOE.-ZA ladY, r1esidinghi a B detachtd house with lawn, garden, coach-house, and stabling, delighatfUly eituate, five mninuter~ walk from Boxhill Station, Church, &,Offera to a lady and gentleman, or two ladler, a truly oomfortanle HME: a clergyman's widow being the only Inmate. Rooms lrge. TFerme modsrato. Address, post paida, Mm H-ire poat-ffice, Decking. BRIGEHTON.-BOARD and REIEC,On the BWest Cliff * within two mInutes' walk Of 'he Pavade.-A widow lady wlshea to meet with ladler, or a, lady and genitleman, who would join a emall circle, end to whom she could offer a thoroughly comfortable home, either temporary or Permanent. Address J. G., Booty's advertisement office. 66, inug's-road, Brighton. eurin-g from ITndia and othere.-A lady withhtonscould be3 aoeonalad, wereevey cmfot wuldbe nsued.Arrangements mighLt be madeforthe dgotlonof youg ldy udera snperior private gorel' tres I reosrd. he oo' Iclare, nd leaanty citrate, on the Wea Clff,cloe o te cs ad Eplnad. 'esce oderate. Address POIGHTON-A ladywisihestoBADwha B fmil Ibd rom acig te asi.Terms.~ numbe nfml n arest, Golden-aqad,uare.o BRIGHITON.- BOARD and R:RS-IDENCRP-A lady, residinig within two minutee' walk of the see anai Gr, n Ealasil.cn offer suptrior aorommnodatios to ladles and genttemen. Terme from Li lIe li. d, to 202s. per week. A.ddreseEf d., ozeof Mrs. Roe. 3i. Western-roaid, Birighton. Comfotabl HOM for n elerlygentleman, in at rf~O GETLEMEN.PARTIALBOARD,in the Lviclnily or Busrell-sqosre, from 12e. pe wek 1plya4 r DRIVIATE, B3ARDING-HOUSE.-_Th~area iL few VACANCIES inaeneatablishmeot in Belgonvia,wherepFrench and ItaIlan are spaken. Stitrfrne ie n ensLApgt7 to A. B., Mir. Robet',. booseeller. 2. Arabesa-row. Pimlios. LAI ASGATE.-MARLINE BOARDiNGHo Si~ JIA, 13 Paragon.-Ladies ed geutlemen are received for the winter uopn very moderate termas. The eistablishmont commanda a dne view of the mee, ad pier; and its eoutherna aspect renders Itea mild and doairble residencefor thewinier months. Ad'reasshire.Barwlck. L~A-DY,of limitedincome,wihtoltl .9 within a 6d. ride of Charing-cr3se. Two beds and a titting room. Good plain livig required, and cleAnilner indispengable. Theo terms must be moderaba. Address J. P., 1O. Princes-street. Caveudlolh-sq, t?EL RAVL.-.A ladyof rink,possessing not less U ten ,00 a-earincme,anddesrin aDermanent residence for theseaon n oosn, ithutthetrobleofhousekeeping, can have a ~EA-SlD RESIDECE, at Ramsiate.-A's. kJ Cagg bes t inorm er rieadoendthe public tat ehe Is peapare to of ree,accommodation, suItable to families,. ladles, and gentlemn ai Welli-gton boarding-house, Wellington oveasout. The house comads the mcac extensive views of thi interesting part of the cest, and from Its elevated position, enjoys at all times the fres e boeces. Address as above. A FarnIshed Home- to be Let, th middle or enid of October, on very moderate terms. fg0OLADIES' O6CEOOLS.-A lady REHQUIRMS TBDO &RD and RESIDENCE, with Eluestion for her Little Girl, 10 years of age, In a rerpectable e3lablishrnent, where a liucleod rcmber of pupils are rece*ived, and whore the comforts ofra home can be offered. Termas mode'ate ; and a tealtby locality, near Londou or SFtlonbam. Respectblo references can be gives. Address X. Y., poet-office. Hoddesdon, lierts. 0U INVALIDS.-A married mdclmn iign THamapetead, wishes to RtECElVK into his house one or two G SNTIAR1EIT. or a. Lady anid Gentleman, as boarders: or an Invalid requiinn5 medicalcere. For address, o., :spx,lyvto Mr.T. Clowser'seslate office, Hampstsad 7~O NVAIDS-A married medical man, of much U exeriece.resiinein a heathy anid picturesque part of Glorsibeehie, hs a ACANY for a lody or genilezman. whome state of healh my reuir costant medloal earn, oDmbined with the comforts of hme. he hme llarge and quite in the country, and a separate suit ofapaimete f conivd. tefrenes given and required. Addrea F.H. C S. Mr.Robrt dntes, 1, Finch-lane, city. I VALID ESTABLISHMEN'T.-The Care of the JSilob.-The Jacsonian Sanatorlum, a meet delightfaDmsanslon. alix miles from town, where ac.y of the London phyBiciRsnaand sureons may be consolted. A medical gentleman In oDsatant attendance. No infeotious dIseases adsmitted. Terme for board and residence, luicluding medical advice, from £1 INe, per week. Addres Mr.jackson, Coleshallbauss. Fortes-green, Finchier, near Hlghgate. ANATRIU forCONUMrION and IUS. E 8SES of the CEF,ST.-A pa.rt of this establishment, beiug onomuplo'd by hospital patIents, will be devoted during the ensuing witr othe reception of persons who are suffering from delicate she-i or a. tendency to cousumptios,mand who ace willing to) pay a weookly sum for their board, i.e. For particulars addmess to Miss Frodsbam, Sanatorium,. Bounremouth, Hants. MIJENTAL INVALIDS.-A Physician, who receives a, lady or gentleman soffering frorm eligt mental derangement, hat a VACANCjY. The locality Is healthy,V boor from London by rail, and the etablishment ingcondncited libera y. References givento the friends of former patients. Address to M., care of Mr. All-n, Aldine-chambers. London, RLC. PARTM NTS,unftrtiised, onsitingof th-ree A rooe onthe frst loor two sod ttica klthon,cellars, &c. A PARTM ENTS, For gntish en, na-Hd.a familyj consisting of drawing rooms, dIig room, three or four bed reams. Plate, linen,. good cooking,an attendance. Address E. C., 3. Inverness-place, Bayewater, PA TIN S - aoa- ac - SECOND A1.0011, comfortably Pornoaoed, esutable for a lady or genieomanl, to be LET, an moderate terms, For cards of addres apply at the Royal Belerave Library, Haitin-street west, Belgrave-equare. PARTMETS.-WNTED,by two younf men. A engaged in the city during the day, respetaleAIAH Usc a permanency. Adidrara, stating tenrm, whIch most be molovato, tisWin. Webber, 16, Alfred-terrace, Qnaeen'seroad, Bayswater. 'W. PARTMNENTS (with Partial Board) WAXNTED,~ A by aroun German gentlemanr, who wishes3to joi a private and cheerftifarnllycrcle, Distance absut one milefrom the Bank. Terms eacathernoderato. Address to .P.,at Messs.Davies andCo.'s,advestaloelucofies, Finch-lane. Oily. PARTAMENTS, at Hampstead, To beLET, -weell AFarnshed.DnsiatngotrawiDrosomand one or two bed rooms, week. Omnibuses everylOrminutes. Apply B.B.,13enlomondfloasa~, Downehlre-hill, Hampttead. PARTM ENTS, (lr Bardl andResmdencably proA fsoedat.a lriady,wh resfIdnes on Stratotd-gtreen , Pdeirousdo plaeT'N nar lagen airy eD andC Ifk r two d frawing rodoman a oitrolTTWoDRosupyof, g uenteelytfrIse. su nexceptoiongablendearnce, given.k, andrequbiiiired, Addrs .W. Mr. Wberl hage'soe, 3,ldren w tel APARTiMENTS, Fur~nt1yhad.: omfortalyeFun-A nishedhanatoa pRiatWrelG ROOe, and Wareaiymot-ict BEoRtlandwhc, erich egentclstreetanspakstw drawing T roms, four oer livem gociAL bD. Mrooms,seylvsantioneroom 03, cnenisrentwater-covets,ra copius upyofpr atr uero ekig tenac,lie,B end etablin If requIrd. plo e,thr lodgers r children F URNISEBED APARTMENTS:-Tw,o goo~d-sired SUED) ROOMS, 'with Use of PArlour, frgetmn enad during the day. Terms 8si. pe ekeah-5 rerlae Brompton. S.W. FURNISHED ARTENT WANTE~VD, by a J'gentleman3-a sttingankd bedroomn, with attendance, bootclean- log, kc., for 10s. a week, writhin two mILes of Temple-bar. Address Delta. case or 91, Chancery-lane. FURNISHEDAPARTMENTS, chie~ap,near ~Ken- F uIng.tNo n-gard'ens: from three to dye rooms, large, and well furnished, Blmte for a party seeking a real boson, No other lodgersIs. Devonshire-terrace near Nottlog-bill-giLto. FURNISHED APARTMENTS to b ~LET, ~to a Fgeatleman, oonaisting of bed room and sitting room, INo children or other lodlgem. Within dyve minutes' walk of the R'yre Arms andt Regent's-park, Apply at Morley's library, 27, Psrk-iorraoo, Regeut's park. FURNISHED APARTMENTS.-Islingtonl,ob FLET, a handsome DR&WING-RiOOM FLOOR. Termas 18s. per week. Suitable for a hlghiy reapeetable coonple. An extra bed mroo if resiuisrd. Apply ait 10, St. Peter's-terrace, lit Peter'a-streel, [~URISHD APRTMNT.-A widow ld dow.~~~~~~~~~~B FURNISHED AARTMENTS, uitable for a 12 MENTS WANTED, f or a gentleman and lady. In the house of a ye pectable private family, In the neIghbourhood of Doughty-st'es', wiere there would be on extras, and no other Inmates or saung children. The apartments. If approved, would be for the wieter. No plate or lines r-,sutsei. Addrese, with foil pls,s?,, toO,]),, poetO?ice, lit.trch.exeets, bliB-rOad, flaurmeremlilt, F S E B DRGDfo gustreman at 7a,, F-URNISHED APARTMENTS fo drwn Oo.a i IrO n to W.d oo . Ptat& linen and a I'ton.et, DlMkfrias FUNISHEZD APARTMENTS, CaJonbiswoo.. rFtuterm waidow ny eiding suitbefr brthersNor ArmierOdA,3 ADwona pl URNISHED ROM, nARodME lqms, fo thel w FU R.t& Adres d,r.Wla'sG BOOMWOEft, whxraeron sUtbefR twoarDtre AetemnP ld nor obetedeto eGno at 2tenane. ateo aeynoeae oohrlde.AdcsHp,7 6r&gen'.rooad, atn-qae etIghl,W UT N URNIHBD.Thre or our Oribury da A', Aitcen tleman withou faquily et dain Ind hern serant, loa ood 5.tsyfbethapytloafor T a nihbourhoo oflegawihet'-prpeerd.Dec rnN, , CaMonbrly',lb. y 7 ektrae tgn~-a tI NFURNISHED APARTA1E1TSWNT ED,: we ~U suitablefrtwee (oorhener-gatteeand Eareptea nor abjlatd ano.e sagters,oo Teinuson ofr tou oer& Nov room,ath mler ongr.Ade, or store Qnee),4--04 orladImarleti', pestt offie, CW. ontwn W DARIS-o b D.L Threeonatrm forom O ctober, 1,. lrge nd slend dyAfAqTieNt, haithsals andcbr omu) na gohods -Plae dea Nidet and N N. 7 by th wee or fourh or Siegetereetz and mrli vcniy ~iss, oom fo ph Addraphi . pupstat ith apetr nsmAd, A'~~A~I ROOM ordsBED's RoetOM an SITI F.-ob LETe, o as tsehtsfra eglayo geteand Olmdnid APAeT teNdoo. wirthclr ehdo m b., the.wee' -r mo.tb R nBegent-cest,r.e if bymletiter. cpo J;;paid , P.lone GorOD FLboogrIt turobe L, eithe furtmnisheddoreshr staer &c, 70. Chlruavngs-c tee, ' 1I 03 o eLT u MoL. GTONM-hg be%LETr APARTMENTS, well drenorlodgers Omnibuses pane tbhe door. rTelrmst ii. peh4 r mmek AdreSs VeltN pOR-STREElTn-pac, Cronvobnrysquare.- CIE usGROUN FURNISEL Ao PARET etMEronTSto d JLJO'u . beomp wi,,g aosittndberoom n e roomJJzoIInOc I1oo plaatystuate, with garden, "t., and suitable for a lady and gentlemani or two gentlemen friends. So chlldren.-A. B., 23, 1.ltee trrace. Downham,-roao, Klserland. --5s-~e .fk *ODGILNGS for GENTLEMENfr spewek kin a spaclous and airy houres- cmnforta~le bed room, with the urs of a sitting room, and the PrindMt-a newspapeesand Peflodilsd, Ineluding attendace cookting, and hoot cleaning.-At 69 a. Dean-street, Sobo-square. No extras. Only is. a week. FARKsIHOUSE APARTMENTStobeLET,For- Fnished, consisting of one sitting room and two bFKd rooms, with stabling, within three miles of BloughL B atnon of the Great Western Htallway. There are fire packs of bounds Ia the neighbourbood Perm Ifs a week. Address H. KI, poet-office, Slough. I bRAW]N`G ROOM and BED RuOOMto be -LET, JL- P urntaberd, to a single geatleman, In a email private family, whbem there are no children or other inmsate, in a pleasant Part oa Keosimtonk, nssr ;he gardens. AddressA B. , Grcgg' trauy, Queem's. road, Bsyswater. DATof a CO UNTRY ~RESIDENCE -to be ET . unsed, beautifnuly Situate in the centre of extensive grounds, WItbir alf a mile of a station. Ceinsts of three ritting om,fv bed rooms, kiahns &c. Apply to A. ]EL. poet-offioe, FAdm1.ntofn"e Cbertacy, Surre,y. WVIDOIV LADY, havinfa larger ~house ta h A reqtuir;,aIs desiro ns f 1LITrNG aD WNGR M a, dezirable tenanti .ould be let on moderate terms. Extra hea rooms sodA kltcbsm It reqnlr,0-29, Sobo-square. A BED BOOM, with partial use of ittingroo, rAac7E RZvate gentlemanueDgaged duringtheday, inthe h,uoe cd.rri,atfaii).nmod~attermL Ciyanwest-end omnibuse ulthn ko mnuWwalt Reereceeexchanged. Address C. C. Cf-OMFORTABLY FURNISHED _B`E`D ROO-M, 11~~ ib Siting oom &, inCambewelLOmnibusa close. No tAho, matct. Use of piano if required. A gentleman from the crxmtt rmlgbt fioA a desirablie home for £10 Per aunum.-Y. Z., Mr. Hastees, ,, ta,oic.rw. als-ortibrad. y'ISITORS to LONDON.-APAKRTME~NTS cor- umot'lyrrtliled, for City gentlemen, clergymen. or famil!es sisiting Lzondon, ,ith sitting rooms and bed roomis adjoining, in a quiet, g,ateei bocsses The sdttration in plmeaant, airy-, and central, being withina 10 mitnutes w-alk northb of the Back, nod accessible by Omnibus ro MERCHANTS, Stockbrokers and ot_hem- LSpeir IY OFFICES lo be LET, 25, Poultry, near the Siannonhous ad ~ rehe-.rot,Gul.haI.Appyon thepreadmie: or to Palmer and Co, 13. Grerbam-atreet, GnIIdhs. N~IFURNISHED HOUSE WANTEDf,-in tho-. 1)r-,ngh ropair. St. Jamet's preferred. Addrers,stating full particulars3. to C, 65.13ro,ed-street. SBoo0ShUrY. UT NFURNISHED HOUSE.-WAN~~~~~TED ,asml tjunnrnibed OUS. in resectale itnaion non or the followng amneo-t c.orer.Hanverquae; Ot James'a or Marylehne;orIn hedisrics f Blgavi orTourua.The house most he n god epar, nd he entnotexced 110a yarLetters, post pai. atng arlelan, O e ddrssd o .Y.H. is,New Bond- HYDE-PARK-GAB,DENS,oriteim die H Neighbourhood, overlooking the Park.-WANI'D, Furnished, for a fovw months. a good HOURE. ruimbls for a faminly of distinction. Particulsrs to he forwarded to H. r'Anson, 21, GrOsvenor-street, Bondetreet, W. ndotbers.-WANT.. bakoouse andgoodIt-m stoe. Mst hve pateglass front, not less thansixroos ustars nd f wth tabes n te rarpreferre-L.Si. matin wlhln wo ilesof te Pel-ofice Coner ouse ifpoazible, 1) iESIDJNNCE WANTED, to E T,within 10 JL miles north of London. Must have at les eih e om,In. cluding servants'. and three reception rooms stbi frtreor more horse good gardens, and a paddock ddal.Hg iuto indispeneVahie. Possession required at Christma et etfo Oloo to £130. Particuluar to be Sent to HL, caeofU..eehm,Ot Chesaside. LIYDE-PARK u-nd PORTMAN ESTAT-ES.-Mi-. HA FREDERICKC A. NIULLETT's REGISTERS of the priori-rd select furnished and unfnotchised RESIDENCESi to be LET and SOLD may be meapeeted daily at his unction atd estate agency offices the corner of Albioo-plwe, H' do-park-square, W. LARGAIN S in H1OUSE PROPEERTIES, Gr-ou-nd B,FRents, &c.-Mr. SUTER's INVESTMENT LI1ST contains a variety of Properties. Prilces from £80 to £5,6000; In most cares twothirds of the purchase-money may rem.ln upon mortgage. Auction Offices 65. Penehusch-ntreet. VVORKS HOPS, wittiResidence, WANUTED, wit~hin IF a quartor of an hour's walk from the Bank. Particuilars to be addressed to S. A., ears of Mlessrs. Gilbert, Brothers, IS, Grarechurobstreet, E.C, Li UNTING.-WA.NTED, a small FURNISHED 3m.L COTrAGII or Apartments--one sitting and three bed room, Pith exclusive use of kltchen, stabling for three horses. within 50 mile& of London-Orent-Nortbern or North-Western preferred. For tthe s:son or unfurnished with pasture land for a term. Address to li.. as E.Fde's. corner of Chancery-lane, R. OHNM.DEA~s ONHLY REGISTE £YZ. or Otoberof Etatesand ouseProperty for safe, aim of bouostobletadbulojugnndnbe lt osold, may be had on appliattn a hi nis, lamisu, Sratord orby post for one Stamp. before tho 5th of November.lyodon o T O be LET, a GROCER's SHOP in a leadinof --thoroughfaLre. Stock and plant at a valuation. Inquire at , Moors-place. Lambeth. TObe LET (Islington, near Northampton-park), a T0-roomed H1OUSK newly decorated, containing two handsome roamns, with fold-og doors, dinng. fire good bed rooms, kitchen, sulr,ad tood gordon. Rent £45. Apply to Mr. Houghton, 3, Woodand-terrace, Is lucton. rrc be LET, Fuirnished, at Barnes, a good FAMILY TLHOUSE, containing dining room, breakfast parlour,sand drawding rooma, fire bed roa)ms, excellent kitchen and offio c,h. Terms very mDoderate. Address 7,1 A. C., 40, Boraw-r street, Golden-square ; or care of Mr. Marsh, baker. Elollasid-plae, Kensington. 0r be LET, unfulrnished, Nos. 10 and 12, BentinekTterrce, North-gate, Regent's-park, newrly decorated, and oommenin fne ies r he ar; o. 0,Heen-eqer, t.Paucras S. tV Johnon, Eq., 5 Grays-innsquar, beween 10 andu or 5 and F'jIO ILLNER nn DRSSNAKERS.-To be RLET inthemai roa, treemils frm twn,a sx-roomned 2 oclck t d. B, 4.Uper atn-tret Begrsl. hef=riture T ~ ~ i~' Iumber~~ andGlaziers, House OF mmedfiately, a g1,nins BUSINSS I theaboveline, wih a ooconnerlon, e3ta, ished manyyeas tnesof he est leaantandreseotbteof the metro- f0MILLERS, Bak-ers, and others.-Mr. Stransom T has to LEIT an old-established BA KEEt's BUSINESS, diu about 11 sacks Per week, chiealy in Small bread, situate cloea to Eton College,Has bceanInthe same familyf,r upwards of 60years.Satisfactory reasons will be elTen for the present proprietor disposing 0f the same. For particulars apply to Mr. Stransom, auctoneer, Uxbridge. Middlesex. rpo e SLD, smll FEEHLD, with House detah cotaiing inin rom,dawig room, study. and ninle bed nd resing oom, te usal ometieofflcos, do., atabling for thre orss,a oac.hnns ad lsoa arg wllstocksed garden. As TO IL nd TALAN ARHOUSEMEN and A oher.-lerss G.enandSonareinsruted to DISPOSE OR an oliesablshd,roltalean hihl rrpetalewest end BUsINESS suiabe oran neso hvig caitl f otless then £5.0 anti wisingto ombne itha gntlmanyrsidnceProfitable occupation. Pricipls nl ma hae artculrsof esss.Green and Son, IS, rTO CHYMtISTS, Wine Merchants, Grocers, Pro- Ivson DealerS,HliEDs Cothesf ttoe, a HfEA i-anddrs, u smths an lowhren-tal biue InET, In the exletk markwet thownorq faleso n the lreading buiessl thorougfarem fom the Cstl toiz thel Cearer bnarrlacks, twofirtera newly-builts 10-r oomd aOtES withe!x Ratmdrae ply to CLeJaves and Gon,erhar, estuateuaents, 9, Sheet-steet, Winsor, end , %UppelrBaker.sbre,seau p. TOk tlemDISoSE oefX, an WKHOLa EuiSAL, n E spcTAIL FEE TOB VCCNIS esabnd ahTEd4 year s),wtp Lao Rlouse,t ath ha low ra, witu sa teIn oneofthen most crweu toruh ftermns oftLondon. -Preset wekl tOakigrom beld ton £3, idh benproved byallwngnuti. The promsent rproretow a-u tt ee Tntfrcaigo AT oineigHan prLLAb eac cotiigfv bes ro dtoms, wiThean lnlumerawngu ndhs fs rooms, large kitchen3bed end solley, wth oter dmeste offces,and arge bsdm The,a situte wthinhalfa rils f a aIlwy-satIn nshebNrt le Line an Ina mst ommndin siuaton,upwrdsof 300 fet I bv
From thc LONDON GAZZETTE of Friday, Oct. 30. ST. JAMES'S PALACE. OcTr. 27. L ae qaeen nas Deen pboaset to appoint Benjamin Travers, Ecq., to be one of the Serjeant-Surgeons to Her Majesty, in the room of Robert Jeate, Esq., deceased. BOARD OF TR&DE, WHITEHALL, OcT 28. The Right Hoa. the Lords of the Committee of Privy Council for Trade and Plantations have received, through the Secretary of State for Foreign Affairs, a copy of a despatch from Her Majesty's Charge d'Affaires at Montevideo enclcsuag a copy of the following decree of the Oriental Republic of Uruguay, respecting the navigation of the, river UJruguay:- Art. 1. All vesssls coming from beyond seas, nav, atlng the river lrugcay, shall pay 120 reis per ton as a due ou account of the beacons. rt. 2. Coasting vessels from 10 tons and upwards are to pay 50 rein per ton. Art. &-Vcssels having paid the due on ontering the river vill not be required to pay it on leaving, and vice versa. NOTICE TO MARINERS. The United States' Lighthouse Board has given notice that on and after the 25th of September last a light will be exhibited fronm the new lighthouse on Dutch Island. The Commissioners of Northern Lighthouses haye given notioe that a beacon has been erected on the south-west extremity of the Skerries of 5troma, in the Pentland Firth. The said Commissioners have also given notice of certain changes in the baoys under their direction as to the colours of the buoys in Dornoch Firth, Cromarty Firth, Moray Firth, and iaverness Firth. NAVAL PRIZE MONEY. Notice has been given by the Department of the Accountant-General that the distribution of the proceeds from the gant for the destruction of pirates in the China Sea by Her Majesty's steamer Bittern win be commenced on the 16th of November next. WAR-OFFICE, PALL-MALL, OCT. 30. 35th Regiment of Foot.-Mslsr-Geo. John Leslie to beo Colonel vice General Sir George HL F. Berkeley. H.O. 1B., deceased, Ist Regiment of Dragoon Guards.-The surname of the Cornet ap pointed on th3 2Zth of October, 1i57, is Bilot, and not Ellott as previously istated. 6th Dragwono.-Tto Hon. W. 0. Bereaford Annesley to be Caret, without purchase, vice Anderson, promoted. 9th lght Drogoons,-Cornet Alexauder Morrogh to be Liu-t, without purcase. vi:e Hamilton, promoted; Cornet John ETans to be ist,itutpar3rhase, vice Morroghi, whLose promotioa on the 21st June, 185?, has been cancelled. Tl to Light Dragoons-LeaMut. John MoLoughUn, from the Mitary Train, to be Lisut., without purchase, 13th Light Dragoons.-The third Chritti3an n%ne of Cornet Leth. bridge, appointed on the 23d of Octobar, 1857, is Edrn. 17thL LVgt Dragoons.-Enssgn Henry Willllam Forteaue Harrison from the lInt Foot, to be Cornet. without Durlchsase Mitary T!ralv.itCapt&al a. J. Tuffoe'l OAkes from half-pU l3t Foot, vioe Godfrey~ Clerk, appointed to the Rifle Brirgade. LIens.I Wliaa Edmund Cater to be AdjtL, vice Joenuki, appoigact to the 5th Dragoons. 3d Regiment of Foot.-Prederick Taylor }tbson, gent., to bs Entign, by purchase, vies Gape, promoted. 6th Foot.-Eoaign Henry Kitchener, from the 9th Foot, to be nsign and Adjt. 8th Foot.-Ecslga J. C. COoper, from the 92d Foot, to be Enadgn, 14th Foot.-Enudgn Peter Barlow to be Ltetx., by purchas, vice Hall, promoted. Henry John Harington, oeat., to be Ensign, by purchase, vice Barlow. 17th Eoo5.-Capt. James Browne H. Boyd from h2af-pay 17th Foot. to be Capt., vice Brevet-oLiut.-CoL Charles Ueagraoa, who retires upon funl pay. 23d Foot--St&ff-Surg. of the SecondL Claws Patrick Sinclar Laing to be Burg., vice Macfarlane. deceased; 26th Foot.-Esign Uiremy Auguntas Barton to be Lieut., without purchise, vine ann, !zromoted In 8th Foot. 3rth Toot.-0aDt. J. S. 0h%ndos Harcurt, from half-pay Sith Toot, to be Capt., vioe O'Brlen, appointed to the 8th Foot. 37th Foot.-Allort Jones, gent., to be Ensign, without purohase, Tice Wae, killed in action, 39th VFoot-Brevet-Lleut...ooL William' Caine, from half pay unattached, to he Major. vice Wolfe. who exchanges; Brevet-Hajor Robert EHamliton Carre to be Malesr, by purchase, Tice 0aine, who retires, 48th root.-03pt. Wiliam Young, from half-pay ef the 49th Foot,, to be Capt. v retvet-Moaor W. Gordon Cameron, whobe brevet rank 6s been oonverted Into subetautive, rank under the Royal warrrant 6th of October, 1314. SId Toot -Lisut. Henry Buack to be Capt,, without purchase, vice Erevet-Maior Thomas Fireah, who retirees upon tfla pay. 6eth Fcot,-Robert FltzwlHl3m de Barr Barry, gent., to be lEnsign. by purchase, vice Sewell, promoted. latt FOOt.-EurI.gn Sosnuel Bucknall Ekiungton to be Lieut., without purchase, vice Gabbaitt kfied in action, 67th Foru.-Lleir, H. 0. Knightoto be 11apt. by purchase, vice Kingleyto b Llur~.witoutpurcase vic Grham puromoted ino 70th Foot.-Li6 ut, Charles A. Poyntz James to be Qapt, withoutt b we L i, vltay, deceased; Eusigu Thomas Dering Backhoue to ieCwihut purchase, vice James, 71st Foot.-Lieut. G. CampbeU to be Capt., by purchase, vice Halketi, who retirei, 75th Foot.-JohntTbhomoa H. Butt, gent., to be Ensign, without purchase, vioe Hurford, promoted. 77Lh Poot.-Capt. John MacHenry, from half-pay 7th Foot, to be Capt., vice Brevet-Maler R. G. A. Luard, whoee brevet rank ha% been convertad into substantive rank umer: the Royal warrant, Otob-r 6, 1854. 78th Foot.-lieut. Tiomas Anderson to be CaDto, without Durchase. vicc EL D. Campbell, deceased; Alexander Ewing, gent., to be Ensignwithout purchase, in succeselon to Lieut. Anderson, promoted. 8ith Foot.-Ensign Hugh Pearce Pearson to be Lieut., without pur cbaec, vice Kenny, deceased, 824 Foot-John Colebetd Cooper, gent., to be Bnsigo, by purchase In succession to Lieut. Mecham, wvho has retired. i8th Foo.-Enhign Edward Frank Gregory to be Lieut,, by purohase, vic oo Motagu, who retires. 9:th Foot.-lieu' WiVlam H,D. Reeves Welman to be Cant,, by purchase, vice De Winton, who retiree; Ensign Ho-ry James Day to be Lieut. without purchase, vise Gray, promoted in 8th Foot, lst West ludia Regiment.-Eusign Augustus Suivau to be Llett., without purchate, vioe James, appointed to the 6th Foot; Thomas Bimbury Eames, gent., to be Ensign, wIthout purchase, vice SulUivan, promoted, 24d West India Beglment.-Enasgn Thomas Parefty to be Leleat. witho,ut purchase, vice Olddeld, deceased; Ensign 'harles Bur Cra dock to be Lieut.. without purchae, vice Baylis, deceased 2 nsign 'Willim Henry McCoy to lbs ideut. withouxt purchase, vise J?arefoy, whose promotion on the 16th of October, 1857, has been canclled. UNATTACHED. Brevet-Major it. . Amherst Laard, 77th Foot, to have his Brevet rank con erted into substantive rank under the Royal warrant, Oc- HOSPITAL STAFF,- Staff-Surg. of the Second Class Eneas Mackintosh Mtacpherson, from half-pay to be Staff-arg. of the Second Claws, vioe Lang, appointed t, thLe 23d Foot. Amist -Staff*Surg. W, hI, Trestrail has been permitted to resign big commtssln. Aetng Aeliast.-Surx. John Alexander Havey has been permitted to resign his appoinitment. RVT BREVET. The undennentioned officert, having completed three years actual service on the 29th of Octooer, 1857, in the rank of Lieutenant-Colonel, to be promoted to be Colonel in the army under the Royal Warrant of October 6, 1854 Liett-Col. Edmund Haythorno, of the 1st Foot. BreveteLleut.-Col. Charles Seagram, retired full Day 17th Foet, to be Cot, In the army, the rank heoge hanorairyonly. Brevet-Mia. Thomas Ftreuch, on retired tull P of the 53d Pooe, I be Lien. Cot in the army, the rmak beinghonorary only. LHey Charles- Van Corslandt, Efsq., to have the temporary rank of Cot ianthe East Indies while commanding a oorps of Irregular levies n that country. MemQoranda, The Christian names Of Cornet Macleod, on half pay of the late Land Traneport Csrpesr3e Henry David James. The Chtrstlnnamels ofCornet Keen,on half payof thelateLsud Transport Corps, are John Hfenry.ao Lau TThe surname of Cornet Robert Stewart, on haa pay oftahe Late land Th srdnBamae tofCo5rniet RGeorge Ramsey, on halfpay of the late Len ?rnss,rtCors, s ansey. n COlffISSIONS Signet by the LonRD-LiuTEA.T - of the Connty of ney. The Hon, Sir John Duncan Bligh, K.C.B.. to be Deputy-Lieut, By the LonD-Lr=rTrx of the Tovwm HA:irxLrs. John Joseph T'arner, Esq., to be Deputy Lieut. By the LonD-LrzEurTAlN of the County of Duosrr. George flops Johnstone, Xsq., to be Deputy-inet, By the LonD-Lesuyr&sNANT of the County of Noirnoou RoyJ. Sherwoo Foresters,or Nottiughamnahire Regiment of Miltta.-Charles Frederick Clementa, gent., to he Liout., vinea Thomas Davies, apponted to the 11th Foot; nughrVfandeleur, gent., to be Lieut vice 8teohens, promoted. By the SosnD-hlEvurs~r of the Countyv of Mrnnav.sszx 1st r RyalEastM.ldleex Rgimnt it4"lla-WilfrolDai Speer, Ese,, to ho} Capt. vice Sell, 2-ervealgue:tVi > ,W deEdontosn Bh ByalHls Regiment or atus.eser Mllitia-Beo lam5 Chales tephnson get., o beEnsin, vce tepheas, 4th or Royal South ldlddesex Regimenit of Mlta-slt,u~ J Br r t hegnd, Edward Bullork Jacson gnt, t beEnigo vce agll,reignd;Charles WUUik - By the LORD-LIEVTESANT of uthe.West,Itding of theoCounty of Ensign,ed iceReid,promoted Lab.c .AQ. ande Cap., 48th oot), to and Charhpt., vie, Ashwrt,rla- 6th Regiment of West York MillJ.S-Artiur Henr Griesbach, gent,, to be Einign. 2d CWet Regiment of YorkdhSahse omahsry Cavary. Lewl. Handle Starkey, gent., to be Lieut., viel Armitage, promoted. By the LOaRLIrU,T nAeT of the County of FolsrAlt, Poplar and Kfiscardlne Regtment of Militia Artillery.-john AI,,, tAtllen, gent., to he Second Lieut. ; J.mes Whittonn sent to bo Second Ltant. John Allan Johnson, gent., totbe Second lieet P&RTll-XRSB"B DISSOLVED. J. EHarrison and W.Ceeo Klddermlorter, oopperas manudscturem-es. E. H, Jones and Son. Marlolane, wine merchants.-W. and St. Has-i son. Leeds, Fr-orb lithographers,- J. cud R, Wilmau, Woraley, noei Kancbetotr, grocrs.-Ashcroft and Willett, Liverpool, timber mar. chans.-M'Ityr an &etur,Newaste-non.'ryne. draperc.- s aer ana Co.. tunpsot0d tedaes . C. S. Outtrtm, Dsaton, b-Udersm--W. (Clench -e-. e and W. Cl )D., Poole. tALior.-W. Pemberton and Meoejen, SouthamptontUet, BIoomabury. asttoneys.-T. Bewley and CO., Strand, tobacconists., Balmala and tans, Stoekpc,t and elsewhere, manufacturing chymists, Hialeend Co, Fowvkes-brllsings, Great Tower-street, and Blue &nchorlsre, S3ermondsey, artificial mnc ure rnanufactourer,.-J. Howurth and phensors and T F, Elciunend, Birmingham, mllllers-Coopersanld o., Wosebroaigh. YorkshIre. an4 elsew7here, coslmsatc,-o* aa fsz as segnada MI A, Faulds and B. H, CunnIgham, DEOL&RAP1ONS OF DIVIDENDS, Hebdins and Browve, Leeds, cloth merchants -third div. of 4,, any day, at Mfr. Young's, Leeds. A 0. Hebden, Leeda aud Westminster I clotbh merohanta-forsh div of s. Id any day. at Ur. Youungs, Leeds. W, Heron. lsiuddesraed, cloth ,nerehant-ficst dlv. of 2i. 6d, any day, at Mr. Youns'o. Leeds. T. Hardocre. Settle, drapes-second div. ot ML., making with former div. 20s., any day, at Mr. Yoeng'p, leeds H3 Forster Newcastle.upon-Tryne and Wallsend, draper-seecond aod Snal dlv. of Ir. 91d., in addition to 2s 3d. previously deolated, any Saturday. at Mfr. B.ker's. Neweadtle.uoa-Tyne J. Richardton. jun.. ockertoutb, rewer-tbird div. of 34d., in ad. dition to 2s Previously deciared, an;y Saurday, at Mr. Bakers, New. J Cwao Newcstle_uon-T daeesb"emongor-Srst dlv. of la., any Saturday. at Mr. Batesl', Newcattle-opon.Tyns, | Johnson Crook. Dram, couttactor-firat div. of 13. 44,, any SBaturiday. at i,fr. Baksr's, Newcaatleaupon_Tyne. W Duckworth, Accringtov,cotton manufsrturer-Sirst div. of 4s.3d., any Tueasdy. at Mr. HernamAsa's. Maniriser.e G. Watmough, Bolton and Sbeffield, draoe-first dlv. of 45. 24, any Tuesday, at Mlr. Heramnan's, Ma^cheter. J. Barton. Manchester, sUk manrtactulrflerat dl. of 9id,, anY Tuesday, at Me: Hernaman's, Manchetter. LT. Walker, Blac&tMrn, oomnirrlou agent-hrt div. of ls. 214, any Tuesday, at Mr. Ferearsan'o. Manobester. !h BANL`UPTCY ANNlULLED. Charls Alexandey H1, Britol, cabinetmaker. 174.NKRUPTS, J4g59ph L%Q pnd (George wa,.eJ Stevesson, Fore-agetr, CrippwMat, general merchants, to surrender, Nov. 7, at S 'ceolk. Dec. 8. at 12. at the Bankwpt-' Court : 103i 0r,', )&earL tetaan,poat&an South-'quare oAcial nee, , lar S8abrooknount B; sirghsylstreed.OCa W ee Jeremiah Selt Blobop'e,' Wobw nV'k86P- Nov. 6, Dee, L at 2 o'alock, at the Uannruptt' Goont: Metie ,eer. L6wranoBe Plewa. and Bo)er, Old Jw*baiialtoas o Mr. L-e, Alermsu bury. .Le,Aeran George aOd5ll' UtOpre Bemerton-asteet, 01aiedon1aunroad and Carta-road. F'or;ot~r, baler, Nov. 13 De 5, at 12 'clork, o,l the Baukrup~'. ( t, elctrMr3ebe IN-re Srn officialas" Mr. Lee, AidermaFburyt y . d! h&R.,A AJHo. :a. Dprell ot-ae IY carpne.lnte, OV aho hl t6 2 do'lock, Doc, 1. at 12, at the Bankrotpe Court: ors, h tot- ,Ar. J rougbton' Fa'ccn-s4uare oicia assignee, M nr. Kdwari. S'.chbreoc-court, Baeeinghali.3treet. Williamet No, 13ote, Bt3o e yard-cbarcheys, Bocklerabury, eornmtlEleuragWht.uNov6. llatloolook, Dec, ii, rt 1, at the Bodk, at Court: soloitor, KSr. Mooss Pancros-lane; oaln miG"es ars Whitmoe. 13,rl ghw ie tree.I0r.a CThoes anGdorge White,A.dersuanbury, laoe webouseman, Nov.13, at 2 o'clock, Doe 1, at 12, at Vthe Bankroots' CUart : solDiltori, Messrs Riogmron noud Ford. Llncoln's,.rm-.Se'd., and Mr. Brown. Net' tinogba; official aenignee, Mr. Cunnan Aldermsanbuiy. (ieocaeijater. Nvr:b-eed Bulbam, lour dactor. Nov. 13, athalt.paat 2 O'clool, Dee. t, at 12, at the BJn.rupts' Couch eolltore. Meesrm. |Wa and o.. n,o Beivlee-etree; ocau asine% r. cennan, Aldermanbury. Jamesynlarkefmridge-wharf, KIug2land.t tmber n'erAhant, No.r17, at balf-paat 2 'o'locc, Dec0. ti, at 1. at the Bankrupit' Coaut; asoltclir, Mlr. Ccildley, Ban&binall*ntreet ;official assgnee. Mr. W1bItrnore, BEMingball-staeA.t abdierd,ue aeEdwJoep,and obert Williamo kusteof, Csbidte-road, hole.ll end,iner lwrvhte7, o e0 , at hatc-cDee 12 o'cloc, o'l 0, B, at the Bmu'Court: Wooklyorsolctra. Dereeivd LAuniane, olawot, and Boeap, Olde Jerecy-ca&sbgere oMrcia tassgnel. M.Jbsn alg~ Sdwarl Rede, tr7chdrapr, omv6 99'o, at Novf -pa 12t ,alop, ,at 12h 9o io ingb. .ec. 1. Gt1,at tr oBankrupt'c: elre Blul.OswesryandLr. Reey Bidmingha; oofcla M .WheaS o ,. . l,r. 6 | B e .....b..... .. . 3 Twih A and dWirdia Waters,n HaOrM cvadbury, Citroa,tey ibroker,e mNev 1 v 7,o3 at 1 O'paclock, De . he 1i,minamt Dtricankrupomt Cort Baoliciora MeUCters. DMpee and Aoutin,ad Nlsorncelae Cheapg. ofde; Olialelat selne.r B umr.,tbnrsityda. Edwilard ROerw. Chfer, Devooporap i her, Nov. nd o9, atapa1 o'clock, at theABlesahrn Disiet Cout Crtof lankruptcy: soicitoj~Art MAkr. ,l OsTcnprcy and. Mr. Reeeo, Bietrmiga; ofricmia assigaee,Mr HMrte. Exetore.Biinam Edmuil Rawnd WiHamlinerand, Yordshir, WorcesatfAmer. Il bNokr. Nov. 12. ac ttl-at 11o'lc , at the Birmegha District Courto anrpcy-oi iofmaArpcy:roeitr, esra. Wvl hirk adFstertthulandxRe ac ~e offria aouugneted. M.Wir,Briga. 1~Brieim Wilhia Woelcy, Grhafe Derinpor, fronmounder,ov 10 Dec. 9, at 1 Uo'clock. at theELeers DIatrict C-oart of ]2ankruretoy, eoicgiton-4,on. Hawkr, solicnitor, and Ree. Kinton-don, Exete; offici assgnee, Mr. Dec. 11. at 1 ~ ~ ~ ~ De Iat1 o'clock, at h ed ititCuto akuty oi JohaWnce h G esterclme'*y r, onv.nge. Nv 13 . De11oc.oo3, at 1 o'coc, t IeLedsD?etrict Court of l3ankmtrupsicy Kngton-uponer. Hal:olitr Ma.hesedrXnsonuo.d; officiaozge6 aln asinee hEr. Roberge TindrMal,Wcieb, Sunderlandhred whneelwrht, rnot.er Deo. IL, at 12L o'clock. a the.1~a Leed )atrithCur Nor Bautcy, Kinston. Duren-lul of olicItoy, :r Boitrow, LincolVnde offiia aC4ee, r.w Oand Ooenry Ewh-taoe. Slnooarpoet.tir, anod M0,aDe. Hatle 1Bo'loc. atC. Sothe mptnchbcer ldtngt Coaurt olfuBankruewpAtcy olecutora Me; or Copf c andee Mr.dhke, Neocktertu offiiaTasinee,Ar .enra eNov, B21toW.. Rob-nehae, molieseer,nov.13. Dec.n4, t 11 o'loc, antthe Mancester.-DivtrictN Cour Tf flaudEtrupie3rneroilctoret, Oexrs CordptertandSons,tmancheter; olllcllJ. Dicksne,Mreddee ae choestera.-Nv2 .Paieb Srtod Haernacmang bMet.. -Nov 23 Biary Mvni, Srndge-errade,n HynemothA Prdintertov. U.Zat15 o'elcA. cto 1be gamt 2, a the ewcastle shown ton thectric Courtof Bnkrutray : sllcthes Messro. madro.CeetL La an Comyn2, J.Bes-an*. Nownnondotreetf,t and Ma Marie, Berac, AnberCo SoudhmStdenha-hulllkg Chanmerycanan nd'-Novwca3te.uPponinea; oStrt `delbcslltn-eov.r20B ker, ttoaa tlatuton4mars. monymcler.Nov 2FaM.andF.Bitl Huddmoleet.-onv B2rneG.r-otdwi,0- Meece estrchant imreat-Nov. 13,W.J BcJ. huia&otdtsryneaiQueen roa. Bsto. dale-No. 1, P PolarJan B. Specermeodax le0uldfod, nildre.-ov.10, . GOdr, Lno-all and o elsew, ,hee Gnsaeralov 20,kl Averadeh ancivd ita.olieownk Budedly Oack h2r,I cottonmanuLeturcs.-N d. 2 I R.an . . Capl,Whtb Yor. shr, af eettc'3 . .Hobns,3.Pilo, and 0. i7 .169or Bath,p banke91rs..2 oaRtsWIOATB to b greted rnescase beaow o] con-3 Araronthe dveaye of mxeetin. -perk,co310 mecan-o. 23 W Ppiea, trl fret,nsmade sInrn the weekending te20, H.uton eWe, exclutoiveaof uIntdGeratov Br3.a. Par reo,iomne.Ne2. d. Gown FrmanchestBritish ollenmercIntNv Ame,ica Lloy. ry pelr m,Medoethhirecatle ByeeauthNorit 2o. 3. B.Spence,Hlfx EonrNv 13 nd Rt Hmiltnjx Halerifath Glrockerc.mp7oy. 3 Faculty hail, Oct. o0.
THB INDIAN N REBIBI F UND. WOOLIWTC'IrT Last evening a numerously attended meeting of the in. habitants of Woolwich was held at the Town-hall, for the purpose of adopting measures in aid of the national fund for the relief of the sufferers by the Indiau mutinies. 3The chair was occupied by the Rev. Henry Brovwn, rector of the parish, and on the platform were Major-General Sir William Fenwick Williams, Lieutenant-General Sir William Codrington, Revs. Dr. Carlile, J. Roberts, Dr. Butler, and other influential residents. Sir W. F. WnIJ,Aaxs moved tne following resolution "That tbis meeting regurding with feeling, of the utmost abhor hence the atrOcitl- committod by the mutineers In India, and deoply PYmpathizlng with those who are suffering from the effects of the calamitous outbreak there, does hereby reognize the common duty oI al Englitshmen to aloieate to the utmest extent of their power tje miseriee and destitution the muUny has caused." The gallant officer, who was received with cheers, said, he heartiy approved the movement to aid those who were suf. ferers by this sudden and horrible mutiny, and had for some time been engaged in promoting this benevolent object. Woolwich was peculiarly interested in this question. During the past two months large bodies of the Royal Artillery had embarked for India, and these, with the numbers now under orders, amounted to 5,000 men. It had been asceztained that no less than 400 wives of these men, with many families, were left in a state of destitution, and to relieve them a com-. mittee of ladies had been formed, and much benefit had resulted from their labours. As the commandant of the garrison and the head of the Royal Artillery at 'Woolwich he conceived it to he his duty to exert himself on behalf of the families of those gaUant fellows who had gone forth to fight the battles of their country and maintain the honour of the British flag, and he had written to the Lord Mayor, pointing out the great distress which existed at Woolwicb, and suggesting that a portiorn of the fund should be appropriated to the relief of these cas- He received a rxeply, stating that this suggestion would be acted upon, but subsequently there had been some hesitation on the subject, and he was happy to state t?tat a regimental fund had been raised for the purpose of assisting these women and children. As he was a miltary man they would expect him to allude to the Indian mutiny and Itr causes. He was stationed in India for 10years, and had observed that not only were these Sepoys kindly treated, hut they were perfectly pamapered. How had they cokD"wledged this kindness? By traitorously murder3ng ir officers-some at the mess table and some in their be ani by cowardly betraying those to whom they had fealty. No doubt, there had been some fault in the Gc- ment. When he was in India a great mist J was . mitted. The punishment of the 1-- was abolished with regard to the native troops, -.Iile it was retained in the British army. Another important ques- tion in relation to the mutiny' was that of the " liberty. of tho press ;" iGod forbid that he should say anything againstthis, which was in England a glorious boon; and as a rule those who conducted the press felt their responsibility. In India it was far otherwise, and the freedom of the press was used for the worst purposes; not only were these Asiatics crafty and cunning, hut they were the greatest newsmongers in the world. If anything appeared m an English newspaper opposed to the Government that article was sure to appear in the native newspapers, and for years every attempt bad been made to excite the natives against British rule. The more he reflected upon this apparently sudden ontbreak the more he felt convinced that it was rather the result of deep and long. cheris4ed design on the part of the Mahomedans than the consequence of any neglect on the part of the Government. The fall of Delhi afforded hopes that peace would soon be restored, and he only trusted that these bloody-minded miscreants would meet with the sternest justice. (Loud cheering.) There was one circum. stance from which he derived satisfaction. He saw amidst the8secenes of blood thefinger of Frovidence, andhe believed that this mutiny would lead to a rapid spread of the gospel in India. But, when order was restored, there must be no faltering-we should respect, but not pamper the native,, and teach them that while we respected them they must respeot us, respect our common Christianity and respect British' rule and authority. (Cheers.) The ion.W. R0IERTS, Curate of St. Mary's, seconded the resolution, which was unanimously adopted. Sir WILnLs CoDRINGuTON proposed the appointment of a committee to collect subscriptions, and urged the necessity of adopting adequate means to preserve British authority in Iadia. The PRev. J. CAnsT seconded the resolution. A vote of thanks having been given to the chairman, the meeting iseparated. LANGPORT (SONMRSET). Thu sum collected in this town in pursuance of the puLblic ma eetngheld on the 9th inst. amounts to 1141., which has been duly remitted to the credit of the fund in London_
VACANCIES, ArronrasEuNs, AND PRoMoTroXs IN CIvIL SERVICE.-Legal Department.-The Recordershi of Doncaster has become vacant by the death of the on. Edmund Phipp- ; Mr. J. I. Aspinall has hee', appointed deputy recorder of Liverpool, vioe Mr. Blair, appoiated jadgo of.he County Court. The Dockyar Joseph iBeer, third class clerk, Devonport Dock9ard, has been pointed acting second class-clerk da7-Lg' the absenc of Mr. William Morrison Richards, on aervioe in the Storei keeper-General's Department at Hongkong. Coastguard. -Lieutenant G. Durbin, R.N., Folkestone station, has been, promoted to be a commander. Cosboms.--Mr. Jae monseU has been appointed a clerk in the East and West India Docks, London; Mr. Harry Loveless ha3 been appointed an extra clerk in London; Mr. Archibald Gardiner baa been appointed a searcher at Greenock; Mr. 1L D. Crosbie has been promoted from principal clerk aid assist. ant-controller of accounts, St. Katharine's Decks, to be assqistant-controller of accounts in the London Docks; Mr. Richard Gowlland has been promoted from clerk, firat-clasin the Legal Quays to be principal clerk and assistaut-con tzoDer of accounts in the London Docks* Mr. 0 GL. I ae ha8 been promoted from third to secondclasg cierk 13 the London Dpcka.-Oivi~ Service Ow,e
THE IYDIAN MUTrC.NlEd. The followiang ja from al officer In the Bombay army:_ " Camp Chunderawul, Sept. 23. "I acOmpanied the force going against the Joudporo Legion mutineers and the rebel chief at Awar, and we are now returning. In four marches we arrived about six liles from Awur, and the next morning we started at daylight (baggage following), taking the direct road for the town. About two miles from it a jungle commences, and continaes to within 200 yards of the walls. In this jungle, about a mile from the placej a few horsemen Ehowed themselves, but were speedily driven back by a dozen of tho Bombay Lancers. When our advanced guard was about 700 yards from the place, the first round shot came flying over our heads, speedily followed by more, bat, forinnately, they did no execution. We advanced and got the two sixpounder guns with the advanced guard into position, and commenced making a noise on our side. In two or three minutes our other guns (two 12-pounder howitzers and another aix.pounOer) were got up, and away they went at it and partially silenced their fire. They had two ninepounders (guns of the Joudpore Legion) two sixpounders, and some small three pounders, with some still smaUer of the Thakoors, or petty chiefs, so called inRajpootana. The two six-pounders they tookfrom the Rajah of Joudpore's army. They then sallied out, and theRajah'sforce to a man bolted, leavingtheirgunsand everythingtheyhad. H-,the deputy-assistantquarter master-general here, was with the Rajah's troops, bat could not get a single man to stand, and when he went to the guns be found the men firing, it is true, but up in the air, or direct in front, while the enemy were on their flank. To return to our own affair. We marched to within 500 yards of the mud walls of the place, had one six-pounder and one howitzer disabled, blazed away (changing our position once or twice) for three hours, and then retired to a village four miles from Awur. The place was too strong for us to storm without severe loss to the few European infantry we had with us-only 150-some being sick and part garding the baggage. The 200 odd of the Nuherwama Battalion behaved very well, but were quito raw and unused to artillery fire. Oar guns were wealdy manned, and our ammunition getting low, and the place being stronger than was expected-theenemy numbering about 3,000 men, great part disciplined infantry, and 180 cavalry of our own training, in a strong positionthe General determined to retire on Chilinnmas. The enemy's cavalry threatened our baggage, but we got between it and the enemy, and retreated in good order, without losing any of it. The enemy did not attempt to follow, not having any wish to meet us in the open, as they certainly would have been licked and lost their guns if they had brought them out; as it was, they got them well placed ona risng ground, close to the walls of the town. We remained that day and the two ifollowing ones at Chilianmas, but the rebels would not coune out, so we are returning to Berar, with an intention of paying them another visit soon under maore favourable circumstances, Our casualties were one artilleryman and one Mairwarra Sepoy killed; one artilleryman severely, and one slightly wounded; three privates of the Qaeen's 83d Regiment wounded, two of the Lancers, and three of the Mairwarra battalion wounded, and three horses killed. The saddest part o' the affair is that Captain Mason, political agent of Joadpore, was kiled in the jungle while attempting to joia us. He came up with some of the enemy's horsemen, and was kiUled. None of us knew that he was in the neighbourhood. He was highly esteemed, and has left a wife and family to moumr his loss." PES13AWJR. The following is from an Artillery officer "Peshawar, Sept. 6. "I am happy to say we still continue ail right at Peshawur; but since I last wrote one of our Native Infantry regiments (the 51st) mutinied, while the lines were being searched for concealed arms. Since the regiment were disarmed we have been frequently obliged, as a precautionary measure, to search their huts. On the 28th nlt. a great many weapons of all descriptions, together wi-h ammuni. tion, were found buried in their huts. On the discovery being made they attacked the officers who were superintend. ing the sea-ech, beat several of them severely with sticks and bludgeons, and then broke and fled towards the hils They were rapidly pursued by ArtiUlery, Cavalry, and Infr.ntry ; about L20 were shot la the liaes, 150 in the pursuit, and 260 brought in as prisoners, who were shot that night Two or three days afterwards 110 were brought ia prisoners by the viUagers, of whom I saw 70 shot last night; the remainder are to be transported for life A few (about 30) got away into tho Rhyber Pass, where they have not met with the reception they expected, as we hear the Khyberees have made them slaves. We have still three disarmed regiments, but, to guard them better each is encamped close to, and in front of, the quarter guards of our European regiments, with a couple of guans pointing to each regiment. The day the 51st mutinied wAs the hottest I can remember. We were exposed to a fierce sun for four hours, and lost several Europeans from sun r,trokes. We are obliged to exercise the utmost vigilance (hat we may not be surprised, especiaUy at night, by these brutal Sepoys. The cantonment is certainly much safer since they were put into camp and their lines lovell,- However, our chief security is from the hatred borne t) them by the people of the valley and the surrounding bill tribes. Had it been otherwise we should all have perished long ago. . , . In about two months more we shall have about 50,000 Europeans in the country, and then the work of retribution wil commence, and what we can't do famin i will certainly complete, as there has been very little cultivAtion in the North-West Provinces this year, The distress for food will be very great next year." The following are extracta from a letter from a young officer in the Guides:- " Camp before Delhi, Sept. 1L "After returning from NXdjufghur things went on as quietly as ever until the arrival of the siege train from Ferozqpore, and large reinforcements, consisting chiefly of the L; :e of the Cashmere Rajah, Runbeer Singh. I do not think they wil be of much assistance in the fighting line. People at home ;eom to have a very vague idea as to the Strength of Delhi, and also think that the gallant WiUoughby blew up the -'ole of their magazines. This is a great mistake, be only ieiw up a small one, and the mutineers have us .aany guns, ammunition and stores, as they could possibly v sh fo,. There were no breaching gans at Meerut, and the it siege train which came from Loodiana was only enough - enable our small force to hold its own on the ridge. If we ha'd suffered any reverses here the whole of India would have been up; and knowing this I think our Generals would have been mad to have risked such a possibility until they had a sufficient force and material which they were sure could not have been withstood. I think that handful of men who first came down here deserve the greatest possible praise for the splendid way in which they have repeatedli resisted the attacks of their numerous enemies, who have been disciplined and armed by us, and consequently are only inferior in courage to the Europeans end Sikhs. They have one sort of courage, though, which is of great use to them at this time-I mean that of being able to serve guns behind walls. You ought to see how the Moree bastion is knocked to pieces, and how our right advanced battery pours salvo after salvo of round shot into It, and yet they stick to their guns in splendid style. It is reported that the first day our right advanced battery opened 150 of their gunners alone wrere kIlled. This battery, together with the left advanced battery, which was en. ployed in pounding the guns at the Cashmere-gate, where the amsault is to be made, were opened on the 8th. We had a heavy loss on that day, as the batteries were very imperfectly made, All our other batteries were to have been fnished yesterday, but somehow or other they were notI do not know much about this myself, but the engineers seem to be very hard worked ; the artiUery are particularly so, and now, poor fellows, they have to live in the batteries, as there Is no one to relieve them. I think they have fully upheld the honour of their branch of the service throngh- out this campaign. The infantry, too, have been very much worked, and I will defy any officer to realise what a private has gone through sad goes through daily. 32 new guns have, I believe, been opened to-day, and it is hoped by to-morrow the whole of them, 50 or 60 in number, besides the morbars, wll be in full play; so that in a week at the utmost we may expect to be n the imperial city, which for three months and a half has defied us. I pity all the innocent people in it, for, undoubtedly, they will share the same fate as the guilty. It is to be hoped that the women and childrean wll be spared, but I am pretty sure none of the men will, Yesterday morning it was reported that the enemy hbd come out to attack our working parties and batteries, so the wlhole of our regiment was ordered out, and we remained the whole day In a broiling sun in a road called the Gorge, leading to the Cashmere-gate. Mte field-officer o! the day was written to at 12 to send us back, as the enemy had gone; but we did not get the order till 5, and then only because S- wrote to know what we were to do. I wa a viotim o. another mistake the other day, being kept out on picket at Azadpore (such a vile place) for two days in. stead of one; my table attendant had bolted a few days before, so I was nearly starved to death. The enemy came across the canal in force that day, and I was momentarily expecting to be attacked; in tho evening I was relieved, and the next day I heard that they had built up the aqueduct over the canal, which had been blown up by us a long time ago; we have since destroyed it again, but in a very loose way. " I am happy to sty that all this roughing agrees with me woudorfully, and I am in xexeUent health, though there haa been a good *leal of cholera and fevcr R" on in cacap. I was at the observatory two days ago, with L-, watching the firing fromn the different batteries. This is close toHliidoo Rad's, where we had a heavy battery pitching into the aloree. The hole in the wall between the Moreo and Lahore-gate was firing oooaslonally at Hindo REo's, but they kept making bid Bhots, and three o' them came through the arch of the observat,ry, a little to the left of wherev we were sitting on a bos; wo were partly behind a traverse, but I had no idea that a round shot was so close until I saw L- bob, and thon I went down too. After this, whenever I saw the simoke at the hole in the waU I took the precaution of bobbing, and beforo long ' whish' came the shot again through the arch. Soon after a nomber of feUows foolisbly went up to the top of the building, thus drawing the fire on us from the Cashmer3 battery, for on a sudden a horrible rushing noise was heard in that direction, and a great tall fellow of 6 feet 6 inches tu2abled over me, and remained there uatil the danger wa past; the shot pitched into the battery below atnd bounded up, hitting the masonry at our feet and sending the dirt over urs. I fanoy this sort of escapes is pretty commoo, but this was not the less wonderfal. As the sun had by this time gone down we thought it prudent to beat a retreat towards the M:osque and Flagstaff Tower. This latter place ts nearly always crowded with spectators, being tolerably safe from the eneey's fire. If you want to see well, how. ever, the observatory is the place, thoulgh one has to keep a sharp look out for any stray shot or shell. The enemy are very fond of firing rockets, which are pretty, bht do no' do much harm; ours are a complete failure. " The greatest nuisance in camp is the servants are con stantly 'bolting.' They have an idea that as soon as Delhi falUs they are to be killed. I have only got one grass cutter to my two horses, and no table attendant, as my second one 'bolted' yesterday with all my cooking dishes, which I bad just bouRht. I shaUhang him if I can catch him. I shall be at a regular 'non pwus' if we are ordered to msrch soon. I shall have to buy another horse; two are all very weU in cant,n. ments, but wll not do for the hard work we havo before us. The Guides above all the cavalry do the most work. "H Heavy firing going on aU the moraing, and. I am off to the ridge to have a look at the fnnP'
ITJ MILD HINDOO. - -0 TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-About three weeks ago a conspiracy was detected at Jubbulpore to murder the Europeans, and to plunder and destroy the cantonment and town. It was discovered that a few of the native chiefs and landholders and some of the 52d Bengal Native Infantry were concerned in this. The Deputv Commissioner of the district, Lieutenant Clerk, and his assistaut, Lieutenant Baldwin, found that meetings were held at the house of the leader, Rlajah Shunker Shah, and consequently they determined to surprise and capture them. This was admirably managed, and Rajah Shunker Shah and his son Rughonath Shah, together with some 20 more of the conspirators, were sevized by these two offieers, accompanied by a party of police. In the house of Shunker s;hah a bundle of seditious papers were found, and in his private purse, on his person, a small paper was discovered. This was a prayer, of which r send you a literal translation, It was written by the Rajah himself in the Hindoo character, on the bhak of a proclamation issued by the Commisaioner, calling on the chiefs and others to remain stanch, and speaks for itself. Other and clear evidence was found as to the giilt of these people-Shunker Shah and his son. They were tried by the commission under Act xiv. of 1857 and condemned to death, and both were blown away from guns. The guilty 52d Reg>iment were so alarmed at this that on the same night (the ]8th) they all (except 10 men) deserted with their arms and the ammunition they had in pouch, taking one of their offieers, Lieutenant Macgregor, prisoner, but doing no harm to any one else; and they wrote to the Colonel of the regiment that they would do Lieutenant Macgregor no harm, and would give him in exchange for their ten men who had remained loyal, but t-heir request could not, of course, be attended to. All the other officers of the regiment are safe, and measures have been taken for the release of Lieutenant Macgregor, wbich it is hoped may suceed. I also enclose a copy of a curious document-viz., the letter written by the men of the regiment to their Colonel after the mutiny. Unfortunately, there were no troops iiear Jubbulpore who could be sent in puruit of the mutineers and it is supposed they are now proceeding by jungle paths towards Nagode to join the 50th ILegiment Bengal Native Infantry, which has also mutinied, and that they willproceed towards Oude along with the mutinous regiments from Dinapore. I am, Sir, yours faithfullv. Camp of the Xagpore Moveable Column, Sept. 25. X. TRANSLATION OF EINDEE VERSE. Shut the month of slanderers, bite and Eat up backbiters, trample down the sinners, You, " SutreiDgharka" (one of the narmes of " Devee," im- plying here, destroyer of the enemy), K21l the British, exterminate them," Matchundee" (anotber of the names of the goddess " Devee"); Let not the enemy escape, nor the wives and children Of such, oh! SingharkhaP (another of the goddesss names); Show favour to Shunker; support your slaves; Listen to the ory of religion. { Mathalka" (another of the goddess " Devee"'s names), Bak up the nuclean, -ake no delay, lfow devour them, And that quickly, "Ghormatkelka" (another of the goddess " Davee's" names) The following is a true translation of a letter from the Sepoys and non-commnissioned offieers of the 62d Regiment of thc Bengal Native Infantry, to the address of the offcer commanding the regimaent:- "To Htg EXCELMENY T}HE LORD OP OFCLFRTeCY, Titr BOUN'rrUL OF THE AGE, IThs EXCELLEIZCY COLOXErL SAHID BAMADOOR. "May his power be perpetual I "After respects, the representation is this.-That Shalk Dlamutt Allee, Havildar-major, and Salar Buksh, Naik, anI DirgzU Singh, Naik, and Chundee Deean Mise, Sepoy, and *Jutohmun Mise, Sepoy, and Lall Mund Sookool, Sepoy. and Shaikh Nuzzuff Alee, Sepoy, and Bhowanee Singh, Sepoy, and others (named in the original),-these Sepoys, Sir, send here; and this regiment the Havildar-major ruined. aLnd said that the Major Sahib and Moxon Sahib told the Madras Sepoys to seize aU the arms of the regiment and kill them, then you wiU reoeive 30 rupees per man as rewar I and be promoted to Soubadar Bahadoors. This speech the Havildar.major made to the Havildars on duty. If he had not said this we would not have deserted and saved our lives by fightk i only from the Havildar-major's speech we deserted. It is proper that these men should by some means or other be sent to us. Let them be seized and sent. We have comnmited no Injtry to the Governmeat; and as for the muskets and cartridge-boxes which we brought away with us we have left our property in lien thereof. Having sold it, take the price. Each Sepoy left about 30 rupees' worth of property. Also, send pay for one month and 15 days. We are men of honour, and are doing Government good servioo here. " Your Lordship answered that the Madras Sepoys are not under my aithority; then, having become helpless, we came away here by your order to save our lives. And on the 19th of May, when you offioers fled, then we, being faithful to our salt, did not'ray anything to your Lordships, and at that time the Madras regiment was not present; and when the Adjutant Sahib was attacked by a Sepoy with a bayonet if we had n6A been trae to our salt why did we seize the Sepoy and maeto him over to you ? And your highness is our lord and master, but when we did not find any way t) gave our lives we fled and came here, and we had regard to your Lordship's salt; if not, at that time we might have kldled you. And if you do not let those Sepoys go then this Sahib (meaning Lieutenant Macgregor) we wiUl not kill, but, having bound him, will take him to Delhi, and if you will send those Sepoys theu we wlll cause the Sahib to arrive where you are. Moreover, having seized those Sepoys, sen I them with a guard of police, and it will be well, and, if life remains, we wll again be present in your service. Wewill not run away. "This letter is written on the part of all the Sepoys and non-commissloned offlcers. All the Sepoys, non-commissone , and commissioned officers send salaam."
ARRIVAT, OF THE ARoo.-The European and American Company's stmship Argo, Captain E. B. Benson, arrived off Cowes yesterdayr, at 9 a.m., from New York, which sho left on the 14th iust. Her datea are of course anticipated. This steamer brings a total of 173 passengers for Soutbampton and Bremen, of whioh 25 are first. class, 36 second, and 112 steerage. She has a large caLrgo of fin, hes,Idigo, coohinoal, silk, tobacco, and copper, w1- eith whcth she. proceeded on to LoAndon to discharge in the Victoria Dockr. In lat. 49 44 N., long. 10 57 W., the Argo pasted the bark American, steering to the westward. ORYSTAL PALA.-O?x SmHUNOG D.&; Friday, Oet. 30 -&dmiassons on patymat, 653; ditto by lesson ticket, iS6; total Titors, 789.
DBATH OF GBNERLAL CAVAIGNAC. The name of lnuig Bugene Cavaignac, whose deathiiF have this day to announce, will long be rememberod by oue readers as having held the Dictatorship of Fraune after th revolutioa of 1818. He woa born at ParsD.December 15, 102, his father being the old Conventioaaliat of the same same. His elder brother was a celebrated Republican, and sufrered a prosecution for the active share which he took, after Fromoting the Revolation of 1830, in attacking the measurei of Louis Philippe's Governmeat. While the brother was thus occupied in the arana of politics the future geneal was serving in the army, which he had entered on receldng a commison from tho Polytechnic School. In 1828 ha held a command in tho French expedition to thoe Korea, Returning to France, we find him in 1830 in garrison mh Arras, where, as afterwards at Metz, he openly a&owed his Republ{can sentiments. In consequence of this condueo, he was sent by the Government[into honourable ostracism in Africa, where he gained great distinction in the Algerine wars. In 1847 he succeeded L&amoricidreiin thecommtand of the province of Oran, and in the following year was; pro. moted to the Governor-Generalship of Algeria. Here he signalized his command by great firmnes anod iudgnsent, until he was chosen a delegate to the National Assembly for the two departments of Lot and Seine. He elecetd, however, to sit for the former, as he had some ancestrl connexion with the locality. By a decree of the Provisional Government, February the 24th, he was made Genenal of Division, and by a second decree he was named Kinister of Wur, bat declined that post because he was not allowe,d to concentrate in Perissuch a military force as he wished to maintain. He had scarcely been recalled to Paris, In order that he might take a part in the debates of the National Assembly, when events showed the, necessity of placing the supreme military command in theiands of a single individuaL Hle was appointed Ministerof War, and at once entered upon his command. In tha outbreak of the 22d of June our readers will remember that two plans for its suppression were proposed. The Executive Committee were in favour of spreading the troops over the capital, and so preventing the erection of the barricades. Cavaignac's plan was the opposite of thisr, and consisted in concentrating his troops at certain points and bringing them into action in large maes. Cavaignac treated the outbreak, not as a mere insurrection, but as the commencement of a civil war, and met it in true order of battle. We do not intend to repeat. here the history of those eventful days, or to relate at length how severe the contest and how great the bloodshed had become before the National Assembly passed a resoluLion declaring Paris in a state of siege, and appointed Cavaignaa. Dictator, with absolute and unlimited powers. It is enough to state that after four days of fighting in the streets of Paris, during which the kiUed and wounded on both sides amounted to above 8,000, including Generals Br6a and Negrier, and ML Affre, the Archbishop of Pais, Cavaignac found himself the absolate disposer of the destinies of Paris and of Prance. Had he been capable of mere selfish ambition, he might doubtless have secured for himself, for a time at least, the possession of unlimited authority. RIe was true, however, to his Republican principles, and laid down his "Dictatorship,' like some ancient Roman,. as soon as he had pacified the capitaL The National Assembly, however, aware of the importance of hil services, appointed him President of the Council with power to nominate his own Ministry. At length, after long and protracted discussions, tbeAssembly determined that a President should be elected by universal suffrage. Cavaignac was put forward by the moderate and respectable Republicans. The result, it will be remembered, was as foUows-for Louis Napoleon, 5,534,520 votes; for Cavaignac, 1,448,302; for Ledra Rollin, 371431S; for laspaUl, 36,964; for Lamartine, 17,914; for Changarnier, 4,687 ; for sundry other candidates, 12,434, the total number of voters poUed being 7,449,471. On laying down his extraordinary poes. Cavalgnac received the thanks of the National Assembly an& the compliments of his successor. It willjbe rememberedthat when Louis Napoleon executed ihis coup d6W in December, 1851, one of his precautions was to arrest Cavaig. nuc in his bedchamber. The General, however, was released after a brief detention, and has reslded unmolested In Paris ever since that time, though he has never acquiesced in either the Dictatorship or the Empire. Our readers will scarcely need to be reminded that in [Jcly last Cavaignaz was returned, after a severe struggle, as one of the 10Deputies for Paris, in opposition to the Imperialist party.
UNIVERSITY IANTELLIGENCE. CAMRRTDTR(ZF. Or n i bon Tolowing students have passed the examingion in, 'TH CARtUS GREEK TESTNMENT PRIZE: FOR M\DER- GRADUATES The examinatio'n for this prize will commence Ia the Senate-house on Thursday, LNovember 19. at 9 o'clock a.m. The examiners are Mr. Ellcott, of St. John's College, and Mfr. H. C. A. Tayler, of Trinity College. Candidates musd send in their names to the exanilnera on or before Thursday, November 12. (Candidates are requested to send their names tinder cover to the Rev. IL C. &. T%yler, Trinity College.) This prize is open for competition to all students who are not of snLffcienit standling to be admitted ad re-spondandum, qvu4twoni. ____
COLO1V'EL GOLDZR:Y. TO THE EDITOR OF ThEf TIMdES. Sir,-In consideration of Colonel Goldney's friends you may like to insert the following extract from a letter of my son, one of the very few officers of the 22d Native Infantry not murdered by the savage peasantry of the district as they were escaping from Fyzabad. I am. Sir. vours resnectfnllv. F. WS F roo- r UlOIOO .oldney was an honorarv member of the, mess af my regiment. On our breaking up the lst evening that we ever assembled togetber, and just after his health had been proposed and most hertily responded to by all present, he sbook hands with us, and said, 'G entlenmen, ali I ask is that should any of you survive me you will kindly let my friends know that I remained at my post to the last and strictly did my duty.' We all pro. mised to do so. "I tbank God that I have survived to fulfil this promise. and gladly do I bear mny humble testimony to the fact thatif over a man died through devotion to the service of hi.; Government it was Colonel Goldney. For several days bis lifo had been eagerly sought after by all the disaffeated Mussulmauns of the station and city. Had he taken the advice of his friends and left a few hours before he might have been alive at this momentk an inflnential native h b% g offered to convey him to a plaoe of safety: but, thinkinr that his presence might be required, he determined on remaining at his post, and he lost his life in consequenoe. of"Myacquaintance with Colonel Goldney wasunfortuanely of short duration; bat during that acquaintance I saw a great deal of him, and wes much with him on duty, and I am sine that a man more zealous and actire as a pahlic officer, more honourable, straightforward, and kind-hearte& in private life, or one more deservedly respected and beloved by all who knew him did not exist."
TO THB EDITOR OF THE TrME& Sir,-I see in 77t 4Timas of October 29 a letter signe& "Henry Press Wright, late Principal Chaplain, Army iu the East." stating that tho Roman Catholic chaplains received l8s. a-day. I beg to say that this is not correct. In my letter of appoiutment, dated September 19, 1854, the pay assigned is 1w. a-year-that is, 8s. 3d. a-day, in addition to this I received a field allowance of 3s. 6d. a-day, maklng in aU ls. 9d. In Decomber, 1S54, a servauVt's allowaice of 3s. a-day was granted to us, and, I believe, to all the other chaplains. Considerably later-.in January, 1856, I think-our field allorance was ralsed from 3s. 6d. t, 5s. a-day, that being the sum already given to the other chaplains. For the first nine months of the war, therefore, wo receired in all 11s 9d. a-day, and at the highest our payand allowances were only 16s. 3d. a-day. With regard to the "excellent quarters and tirst-ratrations," we, of course, took our chance with the rest of the army. Nodoubtthe accommedation givenwasoftenvery good but I thinl alU who knew the Crimea, or eren the hospita at Scutari during the winter of 1854, whether from expe. rience, or fromn the accounts in Thc Times, will say that the quarters were not always " exceUent," nor the rations " firt rate." I do not in the least write vhith a view to make a comrlaint, but I think I ought not to allow an inaccuracy mor tant to uS, at least, to pass unnoticed. bellove that tbose Roman CathoUc chaplains who were able to remain as long with the army as I did found their pay sufficient, although in the first instance it was not sufficient to meet the expenses of a hurried departure from England without drawing heavily on private resources. If, therefore, as I understand, the newly appointed chaplains are to receive only 1201. a-year, without w1lowances, ra- toDS, forage, or quartersthat is, less than half of whb we received, and this in a country so expensive as India is said to be-I cannot but think that they will either have to draw o~ely OD thoir friends at home or will he ledt without neces- I at. Sir. Your obedient s"va,t JOHN B. BAOSRAWV. sAte tsoman Catholic Chaplain, Anny in the E1s. iehmnond, Oct. 30. ArOTHECAluES'-IALL..-The following are th1e names of tho gentlemen who passed their examination irn tho science and practice of medicine, and received oertificates to practice, on Thursday, October the 29th :-Johik Barle, Ripen, Yorkshire; Henry Buss; TJames Lunder, Tench, erefOord. ughes Rolyhead; an4 Edwad DAM
MOBYXMARKBT and CITY INTBLLITEN F. Friday Evening. T'he funds to-day have again been exceedingly hi m, and have closed at an advance of three-quarters per cent. Under the influence of the advices from lNew York by the Fulton, confirming the antici; ationrs entertained of the effect of the bank suBI ensions, Consols, which left off last e' enhing at 88' to 89, opened at 891 to J. They then rangea for some time betwveen 891 and 89i, but the purchases of the public were of considerable magnitude, and an improvement ultimately took place to 80 for money and 89; for the l10th of November. The next account is fixed for the 8th of December, and the closing transactions for that date -were at 90; to g. In addition to the numerous investments, the closing of several accounts by operators who had been speculating for a fall contributed to strengthen the marktt; but, on the other band, some large amounts of money were temporarily borrowed upon ( onsols, and thus partially counteracted for the as oment the increasing scarcity of stock. Owing to tl iB circumstance money, which was yesterday obtainable in the Stock-Exchange at about 4i per cent., was in augmented demand at fully 5 per ct nt. Bank Stock left off at 207 to 209; Reduced, E8j to J; New Three per Cents., 881 to 89; India Stock, 209 to 211; India Bonds, 45s. discount; and Exchequer-bills, 15s. to 10s. discount. According -to sorae estimates the public during the present month, owing to Consols being below 90, have absorbed stock to an aggregate amount of between 3,000,0001. and 4,000,0001. The weekly returns of the Bank of England will henceforth be published promptly. The Treasury yesterday made arranrgements to that effect with the Bank and the Commissioners of Stamps and Taxes. The day of their appearance in the Gazette will be Friday as usual, but they will be made up to the preceding Wednesday night, so that the interval before their appearance will be only two days instead of a week. The first publication under the new method will be in the Gazette of Friday next, the 6th of November, which will contain the actounts up to the 4th, and also on that occasion the crdinary return up to the preceding Saturday, the 31st of October. The foreign stock-market has been active, with a tendency to advance; Turkish closed fully 1 per cent. higher than yesterday. Brazilian Five per Cents, were negotiated at 99j and 100; Chitian Six per Cents., 102i; Danish Three per Cents., 83i and 84' ; ditto, Five per Cents., 102; Equador New Consolidated, 14; Mexican, 19 and 191 ; Peruvian Four-and-a-Ialf per Cents., 77; ditto, for the account, 76i ; Russian Five per Cents., 104 i; Sar-dinian, for the account, 90 and 89i ; Spanis , 41; Turkish Six per Cents., 88 and 88 ; for the account, 88g, lg, i, i, and i ; ditto, Four per Cents. Guaranteed, 98 ; and for the account, 08i and 98. In the foreign exchanges this afternoon the rates were generally the same as last post. The corn-market this morning was steady at the Tedt ced prices of Monday. The report of the Liverpool cotton-market for the week shows great heaviness at a fall of Id. per lb. The official statement with regard to the French fnsnces has not had any influence on the Bourse. The Iinal (luotationis of the Three per Cents. this evening were 67f. IOc. for money aid 66f. 95c. for ihe present account, showing no alteration. The money-market is without great pressure, and the payments at the end of the month will, it is said, be *well met. The bullion in the Bank of France has during the last few days been steadily maintained, 'but the total being onily 8,200,0001. shows areduction of 800W,(OOI. since the date of the last return. The West India and Mexican steamer was reported this afternoon with 999,0001. in specie. The John Bunyan has arrived from Sydney with 3,000 ouuces of gold, valued at 12,00t01. Three suspensions were annonnced from Liverpool to-day-Messrs. J. S. de Wolf and Co., shipowners; Gould and Davies, vwine-merchants and ship-chandlers; and Robert Morrow, Son, and Garbutt, timber-merchants. The liabilities of Mezsrs. de WVolf and Co. are, it is feared, consi,d rable. In London the suspension has occurred of Messrs. John Ilaly and Co., inerchants in the New York and Canada trade, and Messrs. J. Jaf5ray and Co., of Great St. Helen's, ship and insurance brokers. The non-receipt of remittances from America has in each case been the calise of difficulty. The lFa?bilities of Messrs. Ilaly are stated at 60,0007., and a frvourable liquidation is anticipated. Although the Fulton, from New York, has brought 10,0001. in specie for London, it appears ihat some amount-perhaps to the extent of 150,00301., chiefly in sovereigns-will he despatched irom Liverpool to-morrowv by the Arabia. Anom,loUs movements of this kind may be expected during the next week or two, anid they show the total derangemsent of all the u3ual miodes of action, Gold is sent from New York because persons are afraid of buying bills on houEes on this side, and it is senit hence because persons miaking investments or haviing paynitnts to effect are awvare of this general distrust. According to the advices to-day good sight bills on London coukld still be purchased at arc exchanige of 101, and the -extraordinary fact is therefore exbibited of the inconvertible currency of the New York suspended banks being actually at a high premium as com- s bred with the specie currencies of other countries; that is to say, a bill on London could be purchased in the notes of the New York banmks at a .p'ice vwhich, after allowing for interest and all charges, would bring back in gold a larger sum thani had been paid for it. Of course this state Cf things can last but a very short time, and it may still be surmised that even the totals already for-warded from England swill involve a loss to the remitters. The leading houses were unwilling to draw at all at existix)g rates, and one Lrni on being premsed to do so for a small amounit reluctanitly accepted 105. Since the last dates the only failures of importance had beeni those of Winslow, Lanier, aid Co., Western bankers, and Frost anld Forrest, New Orleans conmmissiuu merchatnts. The rise in the stock-market in three days lhad averaged from 10 to 15 per cent. Erie had advanced fr0m 8 to II i, Reading from :i1. to 30, I'aiaama from 65 to ']J, New York Central from 55 to C(ij, and Illinois Cenltral from 70? to S01. The following bas beei r.ceived, amioiicing the r. sxigiations by tleo Il,in. F. Cad1ogAjn of the office of deputy chairmian of the Subiiarinle Telegraph Company:- "Sub-Marine Telegraph Companv, between Great Britain and the Continent of turope, 30, Cornhill, October 30. 'i Sir,-I thin; it my duity to forward you immediately the enclosed letter from Ur. Cadogan. I quite concur in the Step taken by him, and this honourable cowauct or. his part fully confirmns the high opinion and confidence which have always been entertained of him by his co directors. *I am, Sir, yours faithfully, "J. R. CARRICHAEL:" (Enclosure.) "72, South Audley-street, Oot. 30. "My dear Carmichael,-Notwithstandibg the result of the verdict in my favour, showing the falsity of the charges brought forward at the late trial, I consider it due to our hoard and to the shareholders in general to place my seat vat their disposaL "I made the admission tbat I had speculated in the broadest terms compatible with truth, in order that no one could acsuse me of the slightest attempt at concealment. -my statement appears to have conveved an impression verysar A Aecu sea - Iarne by th mic ac ofth very far beyond thal -wa-nte by the strict fat of the ease. I therefor feel that this admission might possibly ba prejudicial to the interests of the comIpany, and I have detern,ined to adopt this course, and leave my future re. -election in the han,ds of the proprietors. " Very sincerely yours, " FRED. CA&DOGAN. I "Sir James Carmichael, Bart." The colonial produce-markets during the week have shown continued heaviness. There has been little demand for sugar, and the low soft descriptions were wholly neglected. A few parcels of Havannah, "aba, and Porto Rico found buyers at 1s. 6d. to 2s. under the quotations of last Friday. The Datch Trading Company's sale of Java on the 19th of November will comprise only 11,720 baskets, instead of the 20,000 expected. The latest accounts from Mauritius and most otber places of production are favourable as regards the prospects of the crops. Plantation Ceylon coffee has partiaily recovered the depression recently noticed, the market closing at an advance of Is. to 2s. The Alocha subinitted to-day was withdrawn. A ca-go of St. Domingo has been disposed of for the Mlediterranean at SSs. A parcel of Guayaquil cocoa of indirect import has been reported at 100s. per cwt., or 10s. reduction from the last sale effected. Rice exhibits a fall of ls. Gd. to 2s. per cwt. compared with the highest rates current a few weeks since, Spices remain inactive, without any further material change, excepting for common cloves,which must be quoted cheaper, owing to excessive supplies now afloat. On blonday the quarterly sales of cinnanon went off at ld, to? 3d. decline, fiMe qualities ox- perielncing the greatest depression. In saltpetre the dulness is such that prices are merely nominaL Today Bei'gal of 5 per cent. refraction was bought in at 52s. p-r cwt. The news from China of the 2Sth inst. did not inflaence the tea-market, but there appears to he a little more disposition on the part of the trade to purchase. Common congou Is. lid. per lb. buyers. It is o"iRially stated that the assistance granted to the Western Lank of Scotland by the other Scotch baniks does not involve a condition that that establihimeut shall be wound up. It has an excellent buziness and a wealthy proprietary, and una er a thorough iforin of management now instituted is likely, in the opinion of many well informed persons apart from those who are interested in its fate, to regain a position of perfect solidity. Letters from Liverpool explain that the failure of the negotiations for the relief of the Borough Bank was caused, not by any withdrawal of the Liverpool banks from their offer to give guarantees, but from a lifference of view between themselves and the 13ank of England when the precise terms of those guarantees came to be discussed. The Oriental Bank Corporation have announced a dividend at the rate of 10 per cent. per annum for the half-year elnding the 30th of June, free of income-tax, payable on the I st of December. The retarn from the Bank of England for the. week ending the 24th of October gives the following results when compared with the previous week Pablic deposits ... £4,861,740 ... Increase £28,719 Other deposits ... ... 11,263,s86 ... Increase .131,355 Best . ... ... 3,239,499 ...Inerease 16,682 On the other sidecuf the account:- Government seeurities... 10,254,541 the same as b3fore. Other securities .. . 20,40t,597...Dcrease 1.34.968 Notes unemployed ... 3,485,-40...Increase 263,655 The amount of notes In circulation is 19,766,2651., being a decrease of 416,9801. ; and the stock of bullion in both departments is 9,369,7'941., showing a decrease of 1 54,6841. when compared with the preceding return.
TBADE PEPORT. Friday Evening. SUCARB.-The principal feature in the sales to-day was an auction of 3,020 bags middling and good yellow Madras ASKA, nearly the whole of which was taken iU at 6Gs. to 56s, but aubeequently they were disposed of at a fractional reduction on these rates to one party; 2.982 bags Bengal were mostly withdrawn. Of West Indis only 146 hhds. have been sold, makiDg for the werk 846 hhds. Privately :00 hhds. Cuba muscovado bave been sold, and 350 boxes yellow Ilavannab; also 100 tGns unolajed Manilla at 34s. per ewvt. COFiFEE closed steadily, with rather more inquiry. At public sale 1,060 bags Costa Rica brought 59a. Gd. to 60s. 6d. for dingy brownish to fine ordinary, and some inferior lots at 57s. Gd. to 58s, Gd. per cwt.; 101 bales 335 half-bales Moeha were all bought in. 1RICE.-1,487 bags good barley Madras were sold at auction at 9s. to Ns. 6d. per cwt., and 2,750 bags Bengal were held for rnore than the market value. SALTrPETRE.-1,234 bags Bengal were withdrawn almost without a bid. TALLO,w.-The tallow-market has been flat to-day at 56s. for all the year, and 56s. 9d. for January to March, a con*iderable buesn,rs having been done at these prices; 56s. Od. is still paid on the spot.
THE7 CORN TRADE. CORDN-EXCELUA-GXI, MAim-LAst, 1gxDA. OaT. 30. - la r, - r.-agi Una corn, traIn, and Uour thiswemek is very afr, ut TrIh omete are vwry heavy. The supply ot forelvn wheat and harley IF very liF-eral, anof oste very large, wlth only a tfewbariels and oanks oflr.Tebeat t-ra odos ly is very du la r. ther ohesper than on Mordaylwt. T:eroirveryllttledoingin harley.andstee. sea nominally therxanUe. 'nf nate the large arrival oit f roWen ctUnues to demPess this articlP, end meut he quoted to-day of lemu value than on =o ay 8t8. FIowr asouit the rmne as oni Monday : Nortolks, 37a. American br3rel, rather cheaper. Indimn com in requeet at tho late fuu pile-. 0*--, igu41tO, 4,W10 Sacts; ditto, foreign, 630 sacks and 1.160 bar3ela Malt, 1,450 qre. LIVEIRPoOL, Ocrm 30. The arrivals from Irel..nd and crsat.wire iinceTuneday bave ben iihcrai of outeui aid oaht. but oti.er-iw smen,all. Fm foreign Worte .it3a efqurte fi Ticy 0 600 qVua rrteCrs of tliar cu Cn. and 5,920 bOorels- of dour. Tbhe eXtorte in tho same tine conCprIze 1,183 quart-ra 01 vheaC. 471 qO r,rtereof lndian eoro, 836 eachss and 212 bArrels of flo-r. The trade baa bee atremnely quiet dor, tthe pmet two days, and velre sales ofwh, doat and our have rbcleenettDe6d rather lower rate3 i,ae ban utn~ted o. q oheracicle terehabeen no change to At this dav's market thero was a fair attendanco of the town and connut,Y trade, and rather more diep~aition wes shoer0 o ininert In whet ad lon, a] ad oloreboo dspoedto take Id to 2d.par 701b. abnd 3d. per b-rrel under Taesda'strate a good bucdne m4ghL harebee doe. o,n prie prcaa radyfor Immnediate delivery IR ondtine inae raepr.eassed ttateal werte dmind isavry limitedreet, and m,oat be quoted Is. ter 4b,an 6. per quorte lowser. B arleI. y,e burean, ouuwant,Adernds, andrer mo.Ug being on offor, a deoeine ot 6d. per Wburt, Der qwarter ofd 8 buabels 601b. * O PI NOW. ere Soaolf , ai d ntlot whhite on 7 ro 61 ta to 6t c ontolke in Cade rldstae ndtheG d a i 6er64 - 5a isns olnatero and aorkadierior ot s m3-l8 4b _ a6re Dantibe no d .onigaberi. p2 Ben3 G p Bsitpe atid Heamburg red 4. - 1 60 52 l Mtediterraneafn.. . .. .44-6 Bart, Der quarter of 8 buehels. . Norfolik and Sufgolk wbler' .. m _ l41- 45 Yorkshire aud Li,ncolnshire, SG6b. per busel . .. - - 37 - 51 Lintone aad r - _8 4 38 - 40 Sarloy, Ipequrerioa 0bl hl Griuding, 52ilb. ier bushol 34 - 3 AvEstAos PitcEs YotR T1IP WEZE ZIfDiNo 6-kr VR
i RAILWAY AND MINING SHARES. Friday Evening. In the rail way-market there has been a general advance of 5s. to It. The movement has not been caused by any large transactions, as, from the less favourable nature of the traflic returns and the continuance of the present high rates of money, there ; littlu disposition to speculate, but is the ilabtral effect of the recovery in the funds. Great W stern exceptionaUy show no alteration. Indian a-ad colonial also improved, East Indian especiaUy ,losing 30s. higher. French shares were firm; Paris and Lyons, and Lombardo-Venetian advanced. In American aeorities there was a general recovery ; Illinois Central were in good demand at an enhanced rave. Canada Government Stock declined per cent. In mines the only variation was in Cobre Copper, which left off at a nominal reduction of 11. A fair amount of business was transacted in jointstock banks; Oriental receded 10s. In miscellaneous securitiew a further improvement occarred in Australian Agricultural. 'BirmlngDBra. 881 Leedss & Liverpool, 501 Rorhdale. 80 Coventry, IS3 Ltedoeter & 'pton, 13 Warwick & P,frm., 25 Otand Jundtion. 491, Oixford. 106 Warmceo & Napton, 0 Kenx,et and Avon, 6k 1veont's, 16 Wcrcea:er & BrmL, 16k WATERWOROKE. LambeUl, 95 Soutbwark and Vauxhall, £9 llIo3,6 RIDGZ8. Hungerford, 61 Vatr%bml1 171 GASLIGHT A.\ED COKE CO?.IANIE8. drighton, 141 Iruperial, 70 'V esrinsterCbayt.62 3 r-quit3,bIo, 40 Phoenix. 47 Ditto, -New, 1kIO& Great Cen'=lI, 1l South Metronolitan,341 INJSURANOE COMPANIES. Albion, 9.5 01ev., Med., and Cen. L%w Lifo.r63 Afi1anoe,3rl!;For. 17j Ltf2e, 2 MN Dine 75 Do., Marine, 42 Eog. & 8co. Law Life, 4 Rock Life, H: 8 75 AtJ9. '6 Globe. 86 Royal Exchango, 277 County, 65 Gusrdian. 49 0 Crown, 105 Indemn,ity May., 130
TuI-\}Pm TBUST MANAGE3U1 T.-A meeting of the trustees of the Sheffield and Tinsley-road was of considerableinterest. On one of the principal approaches to Sheffield, and close to the town, this trnst have a tollbar, which has boug been felt to be a grievance, and the belief existed that if the funds were properly husbanded it would soon clear off the mnortgage debt, and the town would thea get rid of the impost. Charges were made against the trustees of dealing iUegaUy with the tolls, and an inquiry instituted by the town-council led to admissions on the past of the trustees that they bad in April last re-let the tol's privately to Messrs. Bower and Thurgarland for three years, at 1,55.01 a-year. As the Act of Parliament requires that all letting of tols shal be done publicly after notice by adTertisement, notice was given of legal proceedings to set aside the contract. A majority of tbe trustees, who had not been present when the toUs were thus privately let, expreseed their disapproval of the proceeding, and the meeting of Thursday was caUed speciallry to revoke the private contraot. Meanwhile the trustees had, through their clerk, obtained an opinion from Mr. Xnowles, ,.C., that the private lettiDg of the tolls was illegal. A resolution having been passed revoking the contracts made in April the competitors were admitted to the meeting. The tolls were put up at 1,5501., the amount of the private letting, and the first bid was an advance of 1501, by Mr. Makin,of Atteroliffe Aftera sritedcompetitionthetolls were knocked down to Mr. William Lister for 1,855. When the contract oame to be signedit transpired that Lister had been bidding for Messrs. Bower and Thurgarland. The effect of the proceedings taken by the town-council and disapproving trnstees therefore is to obtain for the trast funds no less than 9671. 10s. more on the 3.X years than the amount for wbich the tolls were illegally let by private contract in April, Co03LMIrAL OF A GA-NG OF WHOLES 'AN CO0NBS IN THE WEST RIDING.-Yesterday (Friday) at, the Wakefeld Court-house, a tall cadaverous man, about 40, named Edward Jackson, Zaaiss Henry Eiolland, Ann Jackson, said to be his wife, and Elizabeth Turner, a young woman of iS, were all charged with having, on the 20th of October, and other days, nnlawfilly uttered and passed a qeantity of counterfeit coins. The court was quite crowded with publicans, tradesmen, and others who had been victimi7ed by the prisoners. The Mint prosecuted. From the evidence adduced is appeared that they had been carrving on their n6farious occupation for the last three weeks, during which time hundreds of tradeseen had been duped, The coin (a quantity of which was produced in court) consisted o.tirely of well executed s}illings, date 1816,8117, 1S1S, and 1S20. The girl Turner was the person fixed on to pass the money, and she had gone to 20 or 30 shops in the course of a day, generally buying a pennyworth of some commdity and receiving the change. The girl at last overshot her mark, end having visited one place a secend time-the Crown and nchor inn--she was recognized by the servant, and eventually given into custody. Jackson and his wife hearing of the girl's apprehension decamped from the town, but were overt-alsan at Agghrlgg, having in their p?ossesson a bundle containing coining imlplements and hadr money, The three prisoners wiere gfl committed for trial,
GtRAND BANQUET TO LORD BROUGHAMr. I _ PENTRITH, THURSDAY. On Wednesday evening the Right F3on. Lord Brong1a,u vwas entertained at a publio banquet at the Georgo Hotel, Pennlth, by the gentlemen of the two counties of Voat. n,oreland and Ceuuberland, in commemoration of the emi. nent services remmdered by his Lordship to the cause or eiducation and social improvement. The number of gentlemen present was npwards of 200, but this number wouSd have been more than trobled had there been acco,mmodation for the large bo>dy of distinguished gentlemnen wlho wished to be present. The room in which the banquet took placeo woul' only accommodate 200, aud therefore the banquetons. mit.ee were compelled to limit the iSsUe of tickets to this number, wrhich were eagerly purchased by the admieors of the learned lord. On his Lordbhip entering the room he was most enthusias. tically cheered. The chair was occupied by Mr. B. W. Hasell, the cbairman of the Lancaster and Carlisle Railway Company. On the right of the chairman sat Lord Brougham, the Higb Sheriff of the county of COmberland, tbe High Sheriff of tthecounty of Westmoreland, th Eton. R. Petreo &a., aLnd on his lefr the Hon. O. floward,' M. P. for East Cuuiberland, Mr. W. N. Hodgson, LP., Mr. W. James, M.P., Archdeacon Jackson, the Rv. H. Lovtiher, Mr. J. Steel, M.P., Mr. HL Howard, Mr. W. Brougham, &o. After the usual toasts had been proposed, The CHAIBR31AN rose, and in a lengthened and highly complimentary speech enumerated the v?,rioas measures for the benefit of the public which the noble lord had been instrumental in carrying during the last half-century. In conclusmion he said,-He has done such good deeds for h's country, and has carried such mighty objeots forits welfare, that those deeds and those objects wiU serve as tht found&lion for a nuonument to Lord Brougham, and after he shall have been removed from this scene, which I trast i3 yet distant, I have nodoubt that sach a monument will be rAlsed on that foundation, which no flattery can exalt and no malice or envy assail. He then proposed " The Right Hon. Lord Brougham and Vaux, and may his laboars ia the cause of social improvement be crowned with lasting sueces." (Immense cheering.) Lord BROuoGHAi, onr rising, was recelved wlth the sous5 vehement applause. As soon as the cheering had subsidad hiq Lordship said,-I beg you to accept my most grateful thanks for the very groat-I may almost cay unexampledkindness which these two counties have been pleased to bestow on me. A meeting of this sort, without the least distinction of sect or of party, met together on this occasion to testify their sense of, Heaven knows, the very imporfeoc endeavor that I have been enabled to make for the good of society and for the goneral interests of our fellow-crca. tures, thas gathered upon such an occasion, is far more importent on account of the object which has called you togs. ther than it is gratifying, however gratifying it may be personally, to me. (Cheers.) Bat I own that what ha; been so kindly said by aU those who have addressed you has brought some humiliation on me, for I osanot help feeling how very much beyond any deserts of mine are aU these tributes wvhichyon have beenpleased to bestow. ("No.") But now to what is infinitely more important than any personal considerations-I mean the progress we are making, ansd in which these two coanties have borne a foremost part-tbe progress we are making in social improvemont. The chairman has referred, and most justly referred, to certain measures of improvement in the law which origizated with the mapistrates of the county of Camberland. We owe to them a repreesentatlon to Parliamont on which was founded a large measure of justice. But it is not confined to the amendment of the law that we owe a debt of gratitude to the magistrates of this county. The chairman has also referred to my exertions on the marriage question. I only hope that improvements in the law of marriage, which I have only been enabled to carry in part-I hope that those improvements will be carried stil further, and that in another session of Parliament a further marriage law will be carried for Scotland, which shall be an Improvement onthat at present in force. But it Is an old saying,-" When you cannothave whatyon like, endeavour to like what you have," and in the marriage law some improvements have been mnade, hut, like many other improvements, they have only attained to a certain length, and have not yet received their due proportion. The question of education has also been dwelt upon by the chairman. Gentlemen, vast is the debt of gratitude which we owe to Camberland and Westmore.aud on this question, particularly to Carlisle, for having E one so far to remove the great difficulty which the founders if m,echanics' institutes, reading rooms, and libraries have oomplained of from the time of Dr. Birkbeck dowvnwardssiz., that they were not the institutions which the lower classes took the benefit of, but rather the middle classes, and even the upper classes. The arrangements of the Carlisle Institution have completely put that complaint to flight End removed that difficulty; and in Kendal, Northumberland, Cheshire, and Lancashire, where in many places the example of Carlisle has been followed, the system is working welL The plan to which I refer is putting the management of these institutions into the hands, not as w.S suggested, of one-thirl of the working classes, but that the whole managing committee should be men receiving and living by weekly wages. (Hear, hear.) The chairman haa alluded to the good effects of a measure which I succeeded in getting passed 20 years ago-viz., the recovery of fusnd% and their intended proper expenditure, which had been reft by charities. I lately had ose proof of the benefit of that measure, where a large revenue, amountiag to 13,0001., belonging to King Edward's College, had been recovered, and applied to the purposes originally intended by the donor, and is now diffusing blessings to nmany. And not only so, but it has solved the problem (as Slr John Pakington showed at Birmingham) referred to by your chairman, as to the mode of uniting different sects and the church aU under onesystem of education, it being on aU hands admitted that religious instruction must needs be at the I-ead of all education. (EIcar, hear.) AU sects and the church unite together in this establishment, and my right hon. friend is sanguine in hoping that suels a sybtem wiU in a short time become universal. The worthy chairman has referred to my efforts in the establishment of local courts, and there is no doubt that I feel very much satisfied with what has been done; but still, my bills of 1828, 1830, and, afterwards, 1833, have not carried the (luestion to the length that I could wish; 501. is now tho largest sum that can be claimed, whereas I wanted to go to 1001. Worse than that, they at present exclude all equitable jurisdiction wbatever. Of late ) ears the obstacles to the improvement of this part of our law have been interposed by one branch of the Legislature. Formerly it was customary to call the House of Lords the obstructives, but of late I think it has been the other way. (Laughter.) I say this in the presence of certain gentlemen members of a particular assembly, that the truth must be told, and it is this, that if there are obstructives on this question, at lea3t they arc not to be found inthe House of Lords. We every now and then take a step in that direction, and perform a little obstruction ouirselves; bt the general obstruction on this subject has not been so much with us as it has been with that vhich is technically called " elsewhere." (Laughter.) I now refer, and most feelingly refer, to the labours wh*h I underwent half a century ago for the abolition of slavery. The first Act which I had the satisfaction of seeing carried through Parliament was in the year 181. That Act for the first time attacked the infernal traffic - atta:ked it, not as a commercial calling, but attacked it as a crimie, and a crime of the deepest die. This Acl. was followed in after years by the final extirpation of slavery in England. I have already remarked that the Acts which we carried on some other questions are still imperfect, and require improvementthat we were bound to take them such as they were, but that we hoped to have better enactments following upoa them. Now, these remarks in no way apply to the abolition of slavery, for, as far as England is concerned, that trade has been extirpated. As far as Egland is concerned slavery in her dorminions exists no more. Its entire abolition was a great triumph of the eternal principles of justice. But if we were called upon to retraoc our steps aud to abandon the ground we have obtained - if we were called upon to restore to Africa and to the West Indies the horrors of slavery, should we not say that we would rather submit to say sacrifice than be comnpelled to adopt such an aboimm'nablc and retrogradecourse? No one, bowever, would advise it. It is impossible; and. believense, that whoever would advise us to abandon our Indian empire wouli be guilty of precisely the same abomination, for it is not that England depends on India for her wealth or her power. If she had never set foot in India, or if India were tAken from her to-morrow, her wealth and her power would remain, Bat then we should hand over millions of unhappy natives of India. When our reign ceased there wouid begin a reign of anarchy, rapine, and blood, and we who had for a while given them the blessings of a partial civilization, the inestimable blessings of a pure religion, and conferred upon them the advantages of a principle of justice generally speaking pure-pure entirely as compared with their own justicewe should tben hand this unhappy nation over to all the horrors of their own native chiefs, fighting with one another, but in every struggle with themselves, only pressing the harder and more cruelly on their unhappy slaves. Therefore, the thought of abandoning India, if, indeed, It were possible, is never to be regarded. (Hear.) But there is another way of abandoning India, incomparably more in'olerable than that I have supposed. it is bemg defeated and compelled to give it up. feaven forbid the possibility of that ! I do not believe It within the limits of possibility, humanly speaking, that such a fearful reverse should happen to us; for if it did, our name would be lowered, our reputation would be tarnished, our honour lest-for in such an event it must be lost * and when national honour goes. a country loses its only saaeggard and protection for its luteterests--nay, the only sure defences of its existence. (Rear, hear.) It was a saying of Fox, and charaoterized by tlse wonted saeacdty of that great man, when sene one said to him, "Why. this is a war only on a point of nationaiW honour",-" I should like to know," said he, "any war that could be defended on any othor ground but that of national honour. Unless you wage it on that poinst you had better not wage it at all.". On this great Indlan, ques- tion my noble friend Lord Ellenborough, of whosm grert and brilliant success as Governor of India no ono can, eutertain a doubt, has recently stated thtt if we are driven ouof India we are safe nowhere, and therefore he c-als r on the Government to strain every nerve to 2et3in it. He hat also stated that after this great struggle is over-which 1 bope is only a struggle with an armed body of lutineers aid that the natives as a body are nob with, bem-tr things will remain to be done to prevent thes eonrrcnco ou the mischief and to recover what has been lost. To lose it or giveit up is impossible. Todivide it withas,e,teris equally impossible, for we a-e habituawed todonjiAiDon and inured to empirn. A third point that will have to be determined will, it is urged.he the limnit of retribution and the penaltiesto be exated. Bat I believe that that question will long azl Ion" have been disposed of before Patliament will be ousal upon to deside it. (Rear, hear.) 'Pat be It from mec t Treoin. nmend needless severit,y to .any one or to any pluee; still further from sDe to rish evesy possible means not to be thken whereby the inno -ent can be separated from the guilty but severe puni' timent is needed, retribution is almoss a matter of cr~erse, anid justic according to that banner (pointing to a banner en the wall on which were insoribed the words "justice and mercy") must ho placed above mercy. T'e other banners whis:h I see before me, "poace and hsr'oony," "honour anl loyslty." may allow theon to bg p'.aed qn t,he sanie level5 boAs tuslice and mercy must follow in the sequence which thaLt bannerbrs-jnstio3 must precede mercy. (" Hear," and cheerg.) I ought to ask your pardon for hxang eWained you so long on a sabject not immuediately oonnected with tbe views of the praa -ut nssetnbly-vz, aociLl progrcss hnd 3scial ecoon*; bat on this particular occasion it seemed whully imoWbe to avoid saying a word or two on thogreat questionofste day. I b+g once muore to return you my most heartfelt tbanks for tbe unexpected kindness which you bave hown-me to-day. The noble and learned lord resumed his seat anmil lbsd and long c' utinued cheers. Several o0her toasts were propozed, and the interesting proceedings terminated about 9 o'clock.
M1UTROPOLITAN BOARD OF WORKS, Ameeting of the Board wras held yoterday inL the Couinail. Chamber, Gusiidhall, Mr. Thwaites presiding. A deputation from the vestry, of St. George the Martyr, Southwark, presented a memorial requestingR that the nio w street in Southwark may coramence south of 1ted Lion-street, aS it WOUld occasion less: obstruction to the traffic thau the Plan aLt Present proposed, and at the same0 time be the meaus of reducing the expenditur#3 on account of the new street by the sumu of 43,001OOOlLay eeie memoial frm dil~eentparihesin eference to the pro. pose juntio, soe aprovng ad otersobjecting to it. The attr ws uderthe onsdertio ofthe Comihitteu of ork, ad teirreprt oul besoon laid before tae THE MAIN DRAINAGE OF THlE DitrRToroLrs. The comimittee a'ppointed on the 1-4th inst. to draw* tp a commsuntcation to the Ffrst Commissioner of Her. Majiesty's Works inreference to the report~o CaptainDouglas Galtou, P-E., andl Messrm Simpson and rlackwell, C.E, alto maia drainage of the metropolis, p resented their report. Mr. -WseRIGH submitted the following draugbt of tho pro. posed cominunicAtion for the approval of the Boardr Metr3polltan Bosrd. of Works. I.Ose-tet Bobs Oo:oa;, I857. Sir.-1 aLm directe bteMtrpltn Board of Worksrrto" , qUanUt Tnoo. fur the In!rssinofteFis o,amltsoutev of Her ! .- fort's Worx. &c., tha hybs a ne counSdo ahotn zww latter of thle 26th nit., forwrigb ieto of h File Comm istoer t is trTort ofo0, las ln iayd Siosrp. Simososuand. therein, and co meunla gtedcsn ftheFrt&altn on the plan BI for the itretn riaeo h orpl3itnto t-o bim by th . Doad '2. The it.rdrrdesire me. in reply. to erprees their regret tht tho) Firsit ('omrnisfloner of foer K&jesAy'e Wurto3. &a., has eelectsd ths pie.n B' without o,,mmutmlating to them the re`et Jo ts n-leo I so and to state thast wibth Le a-'etance of their engineer, they hare carefully coni lderetbeahebmeDrpwpodby the raferaes appointal br the Finsk CommissIoner, so far as themateriash aunpijed hare enasble I tbem. That while they regret the further deisy wHiich thas &nlee in casying ont the greats !5rur work of the melts dralosge, the Biari are gra'Iifed to find, fr,mi the report of the referees, that the, hkave adopted the t'rlno'ples of tbe plan of the Bai%rd as a hazse of t'eter scheme, notwith.tan,iing the latitoade, of investir-tlun given to thsal ins their instractinssusby the MMnd Com~miz .ioner~ and that the mateds.1 differences up rn this imopotaut queston appea to ha3 now redaced i2 the following points, v17,:- 3.Reconmi -dations which the Board hwev no levatl oawr kitiidopt -nml,those w-hich are directed tothe obje'ct of ibtraoepting the sour ag or exteastre distrits kituate besond the disits of the metropolis, r.e defined b; law. I Recommoendsations of works the xpenase cc which It hbasiseon a"-i rmitted br the :First Commissioner the Boartd cannot with Jostoes ho called upon to paLy out of the meteopolitiu rates-th1at ia si say lbsI roat of those wrkrt designed for the extension of the outfall berussd lioruchueb and icnith rmarishes, the point'- whtch ar. snggfeu;,d I Cautain B -raita's report as fulfhllngthe requirements of-the &let aud which the Fnti4 Oommtisslonsr, at an interriew with a depotesiso of this Boa-rd Onr the 20th of November, 1&16 stated would folly stIlsfy the obligaLtions of the Board so fir as regmared the osstfa 1. Differences of an egneigadsntr chaLracter upon the fol' lowing points, viz'~t lw wter ote eesto prarldme i&hll Au elaremet o th ara t bedracedby gravitation. The tune of typhotothn.arayild o "4. 'With respBet to the open sewers the first of thae points lastly enumerated, the Board have to observe thaI b-Y the ddeliTveay of tha Eewage into toe river, as proposed by their snc"eme. It would be diultatl with the whol,, bidy of the water In the river, whereas Lathe two op n chaninels recommended hy the referee. oeab nearly ecual to the leu,,th of that part of Stei ThaLmes between thue points under oonsiderarUlot,) It wouldi be dilted with ouly Areo times its own bulk orrurer tester. If, therefore, tha discharge Into the ilver at B' would.. as alleZed by the reterees, hate a deleteriouts effect upon th3 bealth of the di4rict, the evil would by the plsasspropasd by tho latter be la nutely aggavated' or, sapposmug the Eecbeue eugested by the referees to be, as they costteud, inuocacusi. the sheme one =onsed by. th Is Board m ast obviousl be free fromi all obje ction In this re upe2t. The Hoard would further obeerve that the discharge under the echo sue of ther fe-eoct bingmainlyatorDearklow tarti-9rheres;byth4splan4 at this Board it la Intended to dischauge the tewage only at or near high water2 a conaiderable parn o the adlvantage propo:ed tob gbegdne hr gpung lo mniles lowerdown will ba loot, and the ;gain limitea to ni :0o milesonly. TotChitsitmaybe added that.inasunsuch as at the psis,t of diechargetbtheivertof the sewer teommunmde-4 iw the refereeswiI be .O9 feet below Trinitybhigh water,.atdi 10 eet below low w.t-'r the kowers; would be tidfe-lockedt during a considerable Portl'n of ealh ti lo, a ronnelsuence oftwhiebawould bethat theLsewage woulI stagn.%teaon deposit would be yenned. -5. AB regards the incemase aurggeodIn theo dirieusions of tno Eewert, IC maay be semnarlued Chit it apooas from the report. of the referees Chat the sewers to ha constructed tinder zheir sche-co are to be capableoft discharging 224,t39.809 nible foot In the course of 24 htutmes, wereas the discharging power of the sewers reco'emen-IeoIby this Beard is represented by 74,724,480 ontis feet, tho II= of the Yrfervesi requiring Oossequontly sewers of more then three titnes the dsosbarnslu power of thoeseerTnceel by thji Board A. pcrtion of Chit increase is duns to the prorosai to e-tiead the -raunage area to diteltsil external to tie tacetropollisas3't0finedi by the Act; but oven if the scheme were confdned Co tie deleeof the area contempltacl by the Boa,d. the plan of thas sfocswud still requirecowersof a Ci'charging eapacity exterd.1ur Chat of thoc proposed by this Boned by about 175 per oont, This difference is not attributable to the uliecreansy in the eetimate of th a rowage to be proidded fie, because the estimate of sewage arrivedl at by theo. referees dtoek nut require ma n nreased' cap%oltr in the sewers proposed by the Boaw4 at mote than s6 p.er, osut., but ariEs eatintet exelulveire from the grest duffirenes botween the amount. of ratin-water foe nwhlob ptovisiont Is to be msds by their plan. The oaly advanlage xuined by thLis encrmons addition s.f siz-ak differeuqe, namely, of mn'e th "u 2i t101, and usesritattng a vast additional soot-It limilted Ca tha e,revntion of the overflow into the river at periods amounnlug boge her to about ledeyx in the resarottheaterage. On the otber h&uJ, the scheme of the referees Is exposed, ini addition to the objectiun of oxpoets of eonotructionx, to the further dizairantace of Incur lnz the danger of Interference with the stability of buildlngs, and of ma-te. rially retarding the flow of the sewrage durie,g dry weather. Moraoer the plan of the referees is. as it appears to tha B)ard, oDnes ith'e fusrtber Serious objection that by remnovieg from the Thtames tie s tormn waters, it would take away a soorroeul egn-t I iswouring s:e Prter- a course which this Board would hesitatesi, adopt. -6. As to the enilargement of the area to be draIned by gravit elt-o,Y, Chit Board nOnoulrethatthe echeme whiehtthey hr JaPePrep rod mat provision for csrTying off by gravitation all Chat oun be so carriedoff with utilet7 or advantage . whereas the increnoe of the area as P'or~oaed by the referreea, appears to this o rd en isivolve the "rareots lj ' Vonae of a dimainution of the falls, an undue enlargement -? the size of the sewers. tide-lolted Outolets, a diseharge at iow lniste.d0f at hilh water, and the conresquentaROcumulaIln11.of "e-po cit; and mrreor.r as involvinug the construction either of reser.oIrs of enormous are,ss, r the adoption of miechantical aid, the feasibility of whichL is not made appotent, and Is in fact tho objact of zerlmioaus dout. ,' 7, To this It may be sadefi that theo Eew5rt at the outlet must haDrovided with stosage r,teerr,irs, and can never be eM-,'I d without a rewrt is mectsanical mmeanet. which are not Indicated in t-he r.,p'cr of the ref-roes. [This parasraph wras wilbdravn.J ".8. The proposal to carryttoe roe-ego of the wemtssn pcri,nu s the me'ropolis to the southi side of the Thames is one uponutrht-l the Board Iare not in a situation to preoruro, ar-y opition, as no detauts are furniabed In the report in coonexlo-, tritb that past of the, cliene. "09. Under thesecIrcnrnatunms, the Board dmsire to state, that WoII e enitertianlog great respect forth eminef',snt ergiL wcosconeseltedl hr the Fumnt>mmsrieer, hey ave rsied attIlo oob:lu,bon thol Cbs ou'~mowhih tey avepreare canotbeadopted hy the li-3rep. Ttcyals dee ItChei duy toobsrvethatib.open sewers prapo;ed i-s te pla of te roereecare, n thirniobi.aliozether Eu.1mieshie,andtheyconiderthe wond nt hejiotifled in carrying cut our chee ofwhih suh oen swsr fism apart; but th. Zecu. soiee f iireeec apearto hemto e fir ubjoest of disuso "10. T2 Board, Chamefoer, direct ins toraquluo that the First Co:um!rsoe I n-il hopleased ta afford to Sa deutiution f.cec ibis Board anu c'porunt of conferrtng with him tipons ibts important sbet end that r ilh odeog oapita al day f r Ctea u- B. I. WOLIIYII, lerkto the H.,ard. "lIl. AlfredAutnSertav Mr. Tuci-i eode h oin Mr. LFESLIE suggested that the letter should be read paragraph by paragraLph, as there were certain statemnents moade in it which he did net approve. It was then agreed to consider the draught in that mannr.r, whereupon a very lengthened discussion ensued, some hon. members contending, that it could not be trulvy alleged that the Board had carefully consideredl the schemus of the referees inasmuch as for want of plane and sectfoont it wee impossible for them to have dune so, or to have formed an accurate judgment as t-o its merits ; 'while others argued Chat, although the Bloard might not hatve been able to enter into a scientific examination of the scheme, still as cooen of common sense they had been folly competent to arrive at a sound opinion as to its geLeral character an-i iynictic.ability. All the paragraplhs,Nwi'h the exceptionl of ari-Airaph 7, which was struck out, -ore firntlly adoptr.i is'T a large imajority, and it was ultimnatelY arranged that the deputtionshoul conist o thechaiman, the clerk, aaid A h folltOwin isP bth csiot state ent:- Ba'nce ouspe aountsssA~Cnez'rAus-r Ch ot dawl, ugenot relsnted ,,0SOi0 14 1 Dmouct of depostaobemtaunt aa , a sbii e debtso on recal cconts:I nicatoon ......,.,, 200 0 0 0 I I Deoaductamournt o b e pta ik
TD THE EDITOR OF THE TIMES. Sir,-In your edltoril oIfthe e2Sth inst. you nouice ihe prevalence of mutiny hu the Native Artillery in Soinde, and that it ha&, reached some of the Bombay native regiments, and you soem at a bes for the cause. Tho cuse is this-the Bombay Native Atillery is moitiy composed of men from Oude and the Upper Provinces of India, beeause they wre taller and larger than the Bombay men, and therefore have been preferred. For the saine reason, from 20G to 60 per oent. of the Bombay regments comsab of the same men. It is evident those men are at pressnb more susceptible of nutxiny than any other clasu, as theiz relatives :.n the Upper Provinces must urge them ta join and help forward tho revolt. TDhese Hindostan maen, as they are sometimes caPiei ini Bonibay, ought to be weeded out, and offered the optinn ofN doing gazrison duty at Aden, Singapore, Penang, A5-Nuritrus. and some of the extreme southern Madras stations, for away .rom their own country and sympathizerr, or of being dis. bainded. Somie years ago a military commission (of which the lato Colonel Wood, AliBitary Secretary, wasa membee) was apdliiittd at Bombay to innuire wh. a Lile proportioir roE 1Viir1bay Sepols waited for the bcn"e ts -f Ten.sion and bl't. &ned the fund than Was the oase in the BeDgal a&ntr, where the Sepoys saved hard and retired boiore pension-wts available. That committeO, among other aiat%ers, reported in favonrof the (oncances and Mlabhrattasas iormiing thebulk of the Bombay regiments, and being tho most docile, trustworthy soldiers, and meriting preforence. But the superior pbysical appearance and vigour of the EHndostatees and the iulcrease of the Bombay army have caued too large an intro~ duction of ihom into the Bombay regihents, to the pre. judice of the Concanees zand Miaharattas proper, who being shorter and lighter men are able to outzuarch and outwyot. their larger conrades-besIdes be4ng leWs turbulent aad. hanghty, and far more manageble,. I have lived long in the Oe,noa; and know these to be facts. Yours. A B(uBAYF-R,
ZO2WDOhV, SPTiZAA Y, OCTO6EBR 31, 1857. One of the chief problems connected with the reorganization of our Indian Empire has received such direct elucidation during the last five months, that the attention of our readers ought to be arrested at the point while the circumstances are still fresh and notorious. A species of dilernma has been almost universally accepted as inseparable from our positiori. Certain obligations are recognized as undoubtedly incumbent on us in the interest even of the Eindoos themselves, but these, it is thought. 'we cannot effectually dischare while we rule by the sufferance of a Rindoo army ; whereas, on the other hand, a Hiadoo army is represented as an indispensable instrument of our administration in the East. Lord HAP.RowBY enunciated the proposition very distinctly at the Sandon Agricultural dinner on Wednesday last. After acknowledging that more might have been done for the improvement of India had circumstances permitted our exertions in this respect, his Lordship added :-" If we had a sufficient number of "European troops to govern the country the case "would be different" (i. e., we could then discharge our duties without hesitation), " but that is maui"festly imioslble. The finances of the Indian 'Government would be ruined by the attempt to "govern that immense empire by the aid of Eng- lish troope alone. We must, therefore, govern "it through the people themselves-through their cown feelings and prejudices, or give up the "attempt to govern it at all." Now, we are of opinion that this dilemma does not really exist, and that we are not under any necessity of submitting ourselves to this military bondage. In proof of our conclusions we confidently appeal to the facts which these very mutinies have disclosed. No doubt, when we regard India as a country peopled by 150,000,000 inhabitants, compyising many martial races, and when we reflect that we the governing nation-can show but a fifth part of these numlbers, and are separated from our .i'uense dependenIcy by 15,000 miles of sea) it may appy'-r a moat impracticable undertaking to rule the former country by the unaided strength of the latter. In a strict and literal sense, indeed, such would, of course, be the case. But the problem is not to be so stated. The Government of India need not be based directly or exclusively on a military establishment of any kind, if by Such terms it is meant that there should be soldiers sufficient to coerce a disaffected and itruggling population throughout the whole country. Though India was won by the sword, and may be maintained by the sword, this assertion does not imply that millions of reluctant subjects ate to be constantly kept under by the bayonet. The true force of the allegation is simply this,-that in a country constituted like our Indian Empire the Government should always be able to rely -with imnlicit confidence on its military strength as a lanc resource in the hour of need. Hindoos do not require a " military Govermment" anymore tban they require martial law, but, as the Asiatic character may at any time produce political disorders, it is necessary that the superiority of force should rest, and be known to rest, with the governing race. We affirm that this condition not only does not involve a system of governing through Hindoo troops, but that such a system is actually destructive of the condition itself. For the latter clause of our proposition we need only point to the events of the present year. Hindoo troops, that is to say, our Bengal Army, did not enable us to govern Bengal, for, substantially spealkng, they were unemployed and useless; but they did plunge whole provinces into confusion, and have subverted for some months all government whatever. The former part of our assertion we think 'we can readily establish. When it is declared that England cannot provide, nor India support, such a force of British troops exclusively as our Eastern Empire requires, it is obvious tnat the first question occurring is one of figures alone. What are the numbers required for the purposes under consideration ? If we are to replace man by man ancd substitute 150,000 British soldiers for the same number of Sepoys, of course the thing is impossible, but for luch an assumption there is not the least foundation whatever. Look at the occurrences of the ast five months. It is not too much to say that m insurrection more truly formidable than these nutinies represent can never-at least, for ages to come, be anticipated in lndia. Beyond doubt, we have experienced the invaluable advantage of popular ympathies; but, even in an opposite mae, a real popular lising could hardly take a more tremendous expression than bhe revolt of 100,000 armed and disciplined 3o0cliers, supported by the resources of the largest Menal in the East. Rational insurrections issume their most formidable shape in organized rmiles, and here was an army organized by our )wn efforts turning against us in deadly hostility. Io oppose this extreme manifestation of rebellion what forces could we assemble? We had in the Bengal Presidency something less, ow3ing to accilental circumstances, than 20,000 British troops; n fact, we were surprised in a moment of almost mxceptional weakness. Let us test, then, by this 'xtreme case the assumption vhich Lord EBAOwVBY Dxpreswed, and which we know that many persons mntertain. How far did English troops suffice in mabling us to govern the country? They sufriced go far that the revolt has been all but crushed 3y their instrumentality, and if we consider what he Indian Government' bas accomplished with no ussistance beyond what our colonial settlements ind our chance expeditions could afford, it is impossible to avoid the conclusion that with 10,000 broops more on the side of the authorities the revolt would either never have exploded or beena promptly suppressed. Now, it is certainly not impracticable to augment the Indian army by 10,000 additional troops from England. The task iS as easy as need be. What 'we want in India is simply such a force of British soldiers as shall always and in all quarters be superior to the native force retained as auxiliary to our own. For many purposes of police, and for aome duties of campaigning, native levies may be considered not only as useful but as indipensable. They have proved so in the recent operations. Our grand error hitherto has consisted in elevating them from this position to that of a dominant army. Instead of auxiliaries we made them principals. Instead of providing a competent native force to assist the regular force of Europeans constituting the ultimate strength of the Government, we formed our main army out of native material, and then thought to qualify it by a weak European contingent. Invert this practice, and we should be safe. Place in Bengal a British army stronger than any native auxiliaries, and the problem of Indian government is solved. Lord HARnowsY saw this clearly enough, but thought the arrangement was Impossible on account of its cost.. We maintain that the cost need not be any greater, perhaps, indeed, it might be even less, than under the system which has been attended by all these calamities. If one European is worth three Sepoys 50,000 British soldiers would replace 150,000 natives; butthe truth is that these 150,000 natives were never really wanted. There was no work for them at all, except that which they performed of rebellion against their own masters. Reduce the whole Sepoy establishment by two-thirds, apply the saving to the augmentation of the European army, and the result will be a far bettez- force without any increase of expenditure. ITe argument of economy, as far as it tells at all, tells on our side. If India were inhabited by a population as highly instructed and as civilized as our own, possessed with ardent inspirations of nationality, and chafing under a foreign Government, the case would be widely different; but such a consummation can certainly not be anticipated for many generations to come. As it is, the Hindoos willingly and cheerfully accept government at the hands of others, and ask only to be governed well. Govern them well, and there will be no need of giving this government a purely military character, least of all of supporting it by a native army, which throughout the whole period of our rule has itself been the principal, if not the sole, source of terror to the governors. We must not be led away by the mere comparisons of a national census. What is wanted is not such an army as will coerce 150,000,000 of men, but such an army as will suffice for the military protection of a country, extensive, indeed, but peopled with docile subjects, and not surrounded by any formidable ne.ghbours. Once more we assert what we observed on a former occasion, that the balance is to be struck, not between Europeans and natives, but between Europeans and Sepocys. We repeat this proposition, because we are convinced it comprises the very essence of the whole case. Let there be no armed and disciplined body of natives superior to our own armed force, and the strength will pass so promptly and effectually to ourselves that we shall be no longer under any necessity of sacrificing our sincere convictions to the exigencies of a Government maintained by sufferance and guided by the dictates of incessant fear.
I There is certainly a Popular prejudice in favour of pecuniary asccess. An institution or enterprise which pays gives its promoters power to hold their heads high and look every man in the face. On the other hand, bannkruptcy or an appeal to national l-enevolenee is disrespectable and pitiful, lVhatever gra1ification any pageant, or exhibition, or display may have given to the nation, yet when the bill has to be met some months afterwards by a vote of the House there is a feeling of repugnance, just as if we were introduced to the mouldy properties of the procession or the foul-odoured cases of the firesworks. But if the affair has been self-supporting .no such unpleasant after-taste is to be apprehended_ It is remembered with admiration and affection, a poetical balo surrounds it, and it derives additional sympathy by having vanished materially from the earth, and left nothing behind except in the minds of men. In this respect we are happy to say that the thing of beauty at banchester is likely to be a joy for ever. Neither the guarantee subscribers, nor the city, nor the proprietors of the works of art are likely to remember their share in the undertaking with disappointment and regret. Everything will be paid for, as far as can be calculated, by the receipts drawn from the public. Nay, like its great prototype in Hyde Parlk, the Exhibition will have a surplus, a small one indeed, but suffic-ent for the erection of a monument which may commemorate it in the eyes of Manchester. From the report read at the meeting of guarantee subscribers we find that the Exhibitioa was open during 142 days, that the total number of paying visitors reached 1,053,538. The season ticdketholders made 282,377 visits, making the total number of visitors, or rather visits, 1,335,915. Up to the public close of the Exhibition the cash receipts were 98,5001. ; the total expenditure of all kinds 99,5001. The further outlay includes the expense of returning the contributions to their respective owners. This must be met by the sale of the building, which cost 25,0001., ancd doubtless will produce more than half that sum. With this fund it is thought that the works of art may be returned to their owners, and yet a surplus remain, to be applied as may hereafter be thought fit. Thus honourably and fortimately ends the most X interesting exhibition of our time. Such an enter prise, indeed, excites a pleasing wonder which Eamiharity can hardly diminish. Those two elms by Prince's-gate which mark the site of the transept of 1851 have an ever new interest to aU who saw the first Crystal Palace rise, attract its millions, and then disappear for ever. Not less strange will be the memories lingering around the green award at Old Trafford. Within a twelvemonth a piece of ground has been taken from the cricketers, movered with a building which a few years 3nce would have been thought stupendous, and the building filled with a collectfon of works rivalling the greatest galleries of Europe in exellence, and far surpassing them in variety. Within a few weeks more, perhaps, the edifice may seswept away, and the boys again occupy the spot where treasures to the value of six millions sterling zad brought the amateurs of all Europe together. Ut such a time we will not say one word that may sound like disparagement; and, in fact, the only omplaints arise from the very excellence of the chievement. The Exhibition was so good that re are d;-appointed that more could not see it. [f it ha& Jeen in London tens of thousands would aave visiteil it who now were kept away, and those 7ho went once would have gone a score of times. But ;uch criticism is uselems, and almost Ungraclous. ~Ianchester conceived the idea and carried it out, and so is worthy of all praise. It would, no loubt, bave been better to have the sight in London than in the North; but it was better in bhe North than not at all; and we may well Aelieve that most of those who were likely to appre,iate art and benefit by it have had an opportunity of spending at least a day or two at Old Trafford. The number of visits, amounting to more than 1,300,000, shows how great has been the interest and how large the sphere of the Exhibition's usefulness. If only half a million of individuals is represented by these figures, the result may be considered as something unprecedented. It is, we think, umreasonable to deplore that the whole labouring class has not flocked to the spot in mas. Let us consider what works of art are -what is the intelligence requisite to appreciate them. A little reflection will convince us that FiAt, ANGaico and FRANCIA, RAPHAEL and ConREGGIO, RuBnrS, VAN-DYKE, MULLO, ionBEtA, BZn&RG1IIS, and the rest, are not likely to excite enthusiasm in the breast of a working man accustomed only to prints of prizefighters in professional attitude, or highly coloured representations of tandems and four-in. hands. As for Majolica and Palissy, and Renaissauce silverwork and carved ivory, let any dilettante take two or three of his own acquaintance, educated men or welibred, well-dressed ladies, to look at such things, and he will find how faint will be their assent to his raptures, and how often there will be a stealthy glance at the watch. The taste for the highest works in art is acquired by great and continued cultivation. An Exhibition like that of Manchester could only a-ppeal to those who are sufficiently educated to appreciate it, and it is one of the excellences of its universal character that it provided something for a very large number of visitors. Many who could see nothing in the old masters would yet be delighted with LADsEE or MACLISE, and their taste would receive a certain elevation. If they were to repeat the visit every day for a month we may be sure that each time they would perceive the merits of a higher style of art, until, if gifted with fair powers of appreciation, they would in the end learn to love all that is noblest and purest. This is, indeed, the benefit conferred by museums and galleries,-that the general tause of the community is raised to a higher standard, and, though it must be only the few who can find leisure for the study of the best works, yet there are none who are without the power of appreciating what is fairly good. if 10,000 persons only have learnt to feel sincere admiration for Italian or Spanish art, and half-a-million more to rise from signboards and drop-curtains to the level of our modem landscapes and anrimal pieces, the Exhibition will have done a great work. The body of the working people are, miowever, as yet too undeveloped in taste to come within the scope of its influence. They must be acted upon by a more popular art, by better printa In the shop windows, better cuts in illustrated periodicals, better shaped jugs and cups, better built streets, better designed shop-fronts. When they have ceased to live in Paradise-row, to eat off the willow pattern, and to take in illustrated romances in penny numbers, we may introduce them to the great painters anld sculptors and carvers with some hope of success. The Exhibition of 1857 may, however, be considered the beginning of a new period. The possessors of works of art who have on this occa- sion acted with such liberality and public spirit will have the satisfaction of feeling that they havo advanced the knowledge of their countrymen as much as they have raised the reputation of their country. We are not disposed to depreciate the honour which foreigners pay us when they acknowledge that in collections of art in its widest sense, and reckoning all ages and all styles together, we are the richest country in the world. It certainly is not a little to the credit of Government and people that, from the sculptures of Egypt and Assyria to the productions of yesterday, we neglect nothing that has pretensions to excellence. For a eentury and a half men of wealth and taste have been drawing the masterpieces of Europs into this island, sund what comes in remains. But, after all, i' is more satisfactory to create than to buy. We may never be able to rival Greece or Italy, but we may produce a school of art which vill be national, and express our own feelings in forns inspired by true genius. To such an end the Exhibition of Manchester will rost assuredly conduce. flow many will have taLken their first impressions of beauty from the galleries which are now just closed ! How many whose uneducated ability employed itself in low and trivial works will be raised to higher aims by the studies of 1857 ! There is, we feel confident, no want of artistic power in the English race, although it certainly does not develope itself spontaneously and freely. It requires to be drawn out, celled into action, but then it is capable of great things. Such a fact as the ecclesiastical architecture -of the day, which is the result of a great religious revival, shows to what performances the national ability can attain when it is roused by any sufficient impulse. There is reason to believe that the present interest in art is not merely a fashion or a caprice, but a real national movement, which will produce great and Iasting effects. All honour, then, to the Manchester Exhibition, its promoters in general, and AMr. THsos FAiRBAnnn in particular. This gentleman must always be remembered as the prime mover in the great enterprise, as one of those courageous and self-confiding men whom it seems the speciality of Lancashire to produce. When the daring of the plan, the tact shown in obtaining contributions, the skill of the mechanical execution, and the general excellence of all the arrangements are conasidered, it will be allowed that there are few mnen who could have conceived and carried out such a scheme. The public will heartily echo the thaks with which the subscribers have rewarded the lasbouos of the Committee aud its indefatigable Chairman.
The tragi-comedy of Jubbulpore, which is described in part of our Bombay correspondeat's letter, and also in a letter in to-day's columns, exhibits the Hindoo in a curious mixed light. First we have a reguls r specimen of an old liGndoo bigot-a bloodthirsty old fanatic. An old chief of one of the Gond clans, Rajah SnuNKra SHAH, is discovered in a plot for the murder of all the Europeans at Jubbulpore. He is seized, convicted, and blown from a gun i but among his papers is found a fervent psalm addressed to the Goddes, DEVXE, full of the deepest Hindoo devotion " Trample down the sinners; kill the British; " exterminate them. Listen to the cry of " religion; let not the enemy escape, nor "their wives and children; eat up the um"clean; now devour them, and that quickly, "GIHrOmATxEKA." There is a devout old murderer for you ! Will no modern out-and-out backer-up of faith against reason stand up for him ? How cruel to blow such a fine specimen of traditional faith from a cannon's mouth ! Will no young revivalist who has surmounted all our old-fashioned prejudices against the Inquisition spak a word for this pious old slaughterer? Alas for a degenerate rationalistic age, in which murder goes for murder all the same, howvever pious the motive of it, when, if anything, it is thought the more horrible for being made a religious thing I These were the kind of hymns that those old Spanish Inquisitors sang, prostrating themselves devoutly before their crucifixes. They sang anad sang and murdered and murdered, all so reverentialy ! What devotional minds were thome! How they shame our feeble modern faith! What presumption in us poor 19thcentury Christians, who do not wear hair shirts, and are not even outrageously given to fasting, to breathe a syllable against those giants of faith-the ST. DoMNucs and other saiuts who did to the Waldenses what Sr. SHz-p.:r- Sitr desired to do to our countrymen in Jubbulpore! This Eindoo saint will doubtless receive a speedy canonization, and enjoy a high place in the Brahmin " Golden "L 'egend." A legendary halo begins already probably to form aund him ; he enjoys the sublimest distinctions that the Goddess DsEvE can give him; he has already ten thousand legs and arms, each as big as Juggernaut's image, he drives through flaming worlds in a chariot drawn by ten millions of dragons, each with ten million tails, he whisks a whip pointed with the stings of ten billion scorpions, and with this he is for ever pursuing all the English that have ever lived, driving them furiously, and with tremendous cuts and slashes, perpetually through all the signs of the zodiac, from Aries to Taurus, from Taurus to Gemini, from Gemini to Cancer, and so on to Pisces, when he begins afresh, and drives them. over the whole fiery round again for infinite ages -thus enjoying a never-ending ecstasy of vengeance, the most blissful of immortalities. From the martyrdom of ST. S}ux;EB we come to much lighter matter, and the tragedy changes into something very like a farce. The 52d Native Regiment at Jubbulpore, alarmed at the discovery and punishment of ST. Snurrxs, make off with their arms and ammunition, taking one of their officera with them as a hostage for some of their comrades -ten in number, according to our correspondent " X."-whom they are obliged to leave behind. They then open friendly communications with their lawful conimander at Jubbulpore, and despatch a, letter addressed " to his B.zoUency the Lord of C Clemency, the Bornntifvi of the age, his Ed-et. "lency Colonel Sahib Bahadoar," in which they first excuse their own desertion on the ground that the Havildar-major had told them that the Colonel was bringing down the Madras Sepoys " to seize aU their arms and kill them." They then, in consideration of having had sucih an excellent reason for deserting, ask the Colonel to send them their companions. " It is proper that "these men should by some means or other be "sent to us. Let them be seized and sent. We "have committed no injury to the Government, "and as for the muskets and cartridge- "boxes which we brought away with us, we "have left our property in lieu thereof. Having "sold it, take the price. Each Sepoy left about 30 "rupee' worthof property." Aregimentof deserters claiming as a matter of common justice the addition of the comrades they left behind is of itself a considerable joke} especially corabined as it is with certain mild threats-" And if you do not let |" those Sepoys go, this Sabib (Lieutenant Mac- 'GREGOBR) we will not kill, but, having bound " him, wiU take him to Delhi." The difference 'o ieutenant MacGonGOn between "being killed" d " taken to Delhi " woulld probably not have been great. But the joke becomes much ! broader at the next stage. " Also send " pay for one rnonth and fifteemn days. We ae " men of honour and are doing Government " good service here." This request is, we should imagine, quite new in military history-a regiment ef deserters claiming pay on the ground of their own honourable conduct and their efficient services to the Government still going on unimpaired. The simplicity of the proposal is almost captivating, and at any rate does not speak to any overwhelming idea in the Sepoy mind of British severity. Parcer subjectis must be our characteristic in Hindoo public opinion if such a proposal as this can be made to an English commanding officer. They must thinik us either very cood-natured or very i foolisli-perhaps both, They must regard us as the most forgiving and lenient of men, or as the most easily taken in. Bat the comedy advances to a third stage, which is its climax, and which consists of a promise on the part of these very odd correspondents of the Colonel of the 52d-hia own deserters,-that if all goes on well, and nothing happens to prevent them, and if the Colonel behaves well, and sends them their comrades left behind,they will return to him again. " Moreover, having " neized these Sepoys, send them with a guard of " police, and it will be well; and, if ife remais, " we will again be present in your service. We " will not run away." So ends this very free-and-easy document, making, however, its bow at parting, and transmitting to the Colonel a courteous and respectful salute. "ARl the Sepoys, non-commissioued and " commissioned officers, send salaam." We must say that we do not remember any document conceived in a more original spirit anywhere in history, civil or military, ancient or modern. Neither CxsA. norTAcTus givesanycommunication fromrudeBritols orGermans toRomancommanders at all equal in simplicity and quaintness to this very odd letter from a body of Sepoy mutineers to their Colconel. The military code can hardly be said to provide for such a case of extreme mutineer amiableness, sobriety, and candour. Certain harsh general rules are laid down for the treatment of such bodies of men, but the Articles of War cannot be said to have had the full legislative data and premisses before them, being framed before such relations as these between a commander and his soldiers could have been even distantly contemplated. As that comprehensive book the Polite Lewtertriter is by its profession and title bound to contain forms of corresipondence for aU oecasions and purposes, we can only conclude with recommending that, in addition to the forms of letters for an apprentice to his master, for a lover to his mistress, from an unfortunate debtor to an obdurate creditor, and from a clergyman who wanit a living to his forgetful patron, it should now aad a form of letter from a body of mutineers to their Colonel, and that it should adopt the letter of the 52d Native Regiment as its model.
The Passpory System is the keystone in the gigantic arch of despotism which spans the whole Continent of Europe, from the British Channel to the Black Sea. It is the particular piece of machinery in that well-organized system of bureaucracy by which each individual in that vast community of nations is brought under the surveillance of the police. and made to feel that the eye of the Government is ever fixed upon him. We do not say that such a system is incompatible with the material prosperity of a country, or even with a very large amount of personal enjoyment. Time and habit wi reconcile even the wildest animals to- the losn of liberty, and all travellers agree in describing the negro population of the Slave States as the merriest and lightest-hearted of the human race. But this we will maintain-that no man who is capable of understanding the difference between a free membeir of a free community and a ri!serableunit in a poliee-ridden mob can submit to this. system of espionage without a sense of indignation and disgneh. A French writer connected with the ComstititticmseZ, who tells us his name, as if to illustrate the system which he undertakes to defend, endeavours to find an excuse for the Passport System in the tendency to revolutionary fever for which his countrymen have so long been remarkable, and would have us believe that we owe our own immunity from that system to our happy exemption from the same fatal complaint. This is homceopathy with a vengeance. M CAuvAnc must know, if he knows anything at all about England, that any attempt to introduce the Passport System in this country would consign its proposer to a madbouse, if no to a worse fate; and his argament, therefore, if it means anything at all, comes to this-that aaessure which, of all others, would most infallibly produce a revolution in England must be the best remedy against revolutions in France. Butr we must be permitted to doubt whether M. Cauvan is much better acquainted with the causes and symptoms of the disease itself than with the remedy which he prescribes for it. What is a revolution ? Is it a moral intoxication produced by poisonous drugs, acting specifically on the constitution, and capable of being administered at any moment by such men as IanEu ROLLIX, KossUTn, Louis BcAxo,. FoURRiEn or any score or two of demagogues or fanaic ?- 1i this were the case, it might be possibleo by keeping the knave and the dupe apart, to interpose some check upon the evil which is supposed to result from their contact. We say it might be. pomsible, though, as we shall presently show, this very possibility is itself most questionable. But even then It would be a most harsh snd ungenerous policy to inflict the same restrictions upon the great body of quiet and peaceful citizens, whether subjects or foreigners, which were professedly designed against a handful of traitors and outlaws. Yet this iz precisely what the Passport System does. It lumps together the whole community in the category of rogues and vagabonds, and then presents each individual, on payment of a certain fee, with a piece of paper which entitles him tG be treated as an honest man. This is what we term in England a ticket of leave, the only difference between the two being that ours is granted without a fee. But what we are more concerned to show is-that, though the existence of the Passport System may be one of the disposing causes of revolutions, it cannot possibly tend to prevent them. The truth is that revolutions are not produced by any such agencies as those which we have above described. They are the results, not of subtle poison infused into the minds of the people from without, but of an unhealthy action of the system produced by misgovernment or distress. We have Socialists and Chartists of our own, besides the dregs of revolutions thrown upon us from other shores. We require no passports to keep them in order. Why? Because we know that under a Vstem of just and free laws their machinations are powerless. But, were it otherwise, we should have recourse to no such machinery to protect ourselves from revolutions. It would be wholly inadequate for the purpose. If, indeed, every man's face were known to the police; and if, instead of the clumsy verbal description of the features with which ordinary passports are filled up, we employed the art of the photographer for the same purpose, we might hope to track the footsteps of the incendiary, whether at home or abroad. But it is notorious that under the present syttem the most dangerous characters can travel with the most perfect safety; their pasports are always en ragle, and that which hampers and torments every honest traveller facilitates the escape of the rogue or the assassin. The sooner, then, M. CAUVALIN and his brother scribes undeceive themselves the better. They may rest assured that the feelings we have been endeavouring to express are thoze of nine-tenths of our countrymea who annually visit the continent. We do not speak for the hutbitus of the Parisian salons, or of those who from long domicile abroad have almost lost the habits and feelings of Englishmen. They indeed, like the mastiff -i the fabie, may fain persuade us that the mark of the collar round their necks is a badge of distinction, and a proof of suiperior civilization. But when we can travel abroad, as at home, withont let or LiAirance, writhout being vis6ed fromi city to city, and, still more, without being compA4 fo MIS for permision to return to our nativ'e, hores, then, and not till then, shall we beiie'vethat Frenabhmen are capable of appreciating the falue of liberty, or are fit to enjoy its blessings. The beet advice we can give to L. OAUvAra, if he can obtain a pemit for that purpose, is to put down his steel pen and start for England with as little delay as possible. He will require, indeed, a day's notice for his passport; but let him not postpone his departure beyond the shortet period necessary. Let him not be shocked to find that no grim array of soldiery awaits his landing, as though he were an invader, and that his age, the colour of his eyes, the shape of his nose, and the height of his person are matters of absolute indifference to the police. Let none of these things disturb him; he is in a free country,-he may do what he will, so long as he offend not against decency and order. let him visit Ireland and Scotland-nay, if he pleases, the whole of the British dependencies,-nol.ody, we will venture to say, shall once inquire his business, except in the interchange of friendly civilities. When he has done all this he will quit these shores whenever he pleases without asking anybody's leave, and we hope will return home to enlighten his countrymen with sounder notions about the liberty of the subject.
OOURT CIRCULAR. WINIDSOR, Ocr. 30. The Queen and Prince Consoz., accompanied by the.Prince of WFales, the Pincesa Royal, Prnss MAlice, the Duchess of Cambridge and Pinncesa Mary, and also Lord lRokeby, drove out esterday afternoon. In attendanee ware the Viscounteeg Jocelyn, Lady Geraldine Somerset, the Hon. Horrati Stopford, Major-General Bouverie, and Colonel the TheLord Chancelor and Lady Cranworth arrived ab the Inthe evening their Royal Highnesses the Duhess of Rent5the Duchess of Cambridge, the Princess Royal, and Prncesss Mary of Cambridge dined writh Her Majesty. LordRokby,theDea of indor nd heion. Mrs. Wefleals, and Stir James Clark lad the honour of being in- The band of the Royal Horse Guards performed curing dinner. o-rt : "EdD.e` ..Kuffner. eaEWon, VOpg SlcUlennee . Verdi .. . . Qung. .W&mendeIaoba. Her MaJetdy's prvte band afterwa attended in the C(ztle, and playe the folooing selection:- 0Tr Le, " L% Bb&a.. Auber. Duetto, " Zn.. .. RoisL Romanoe, "Gualo et GineTrar .En Qakeho~ "Rigolett .. VerdL The Q'een, with the Prinoees Royal, Xe Duchess of Caimbridge, and Princess Mary walked in the Home Park this morninf and visited her Ryal Highness the Dachess Her Majesty afterwrards rode out on horsebaclk aorn. panhd by the Prince Roal, atteded by the Eion. Eleanor Stanley, aj*or-General the Holn Charles Grey, and 31*jor- His ROya Highness the Prince Consort went out shooting, Lord Roleby had the horour of accompanying his Royal Highness, His Royal HihAueate Prince of Wales went to London, attended by Mr. Gibbs. The Prinoess Alice rode in the riding-house. Lord Rokeby left the CAle in the afternoon. A meeting of tho Cambridge University Commissioners was held at 6, Adelphi-terrace on Thursday. The Commisionerapresent were,-ihe lord Bishop of Chester, the Right Than. M. T. Baines, M.P., the Vice-Chancellor Sir W. P'. Woodt the Very Ray. the Dean of Ely, and the Rev. Despatohes from the Lord Hiigh Commissioner of the ofiice, tslnda were recessed yesterday at the Colonial-
THE RRAAZILS AND PORTUGAL. (B5 ZLoRIc AND INTERluTxON.i T=GR&PH.) SOUTAM.PTON, FRDAY NIGnT. The screw steamer Petropolis, Captain Pausen, has arrived from. the- Bradil, and prooeeded on to Hamburg. U. r datei- ar October 1st * Bebia, 6t; Pernambnoo, 8th; St. Vincent's, 16th.;r Lisbon; 26th- Sde brings about 50 pas. aengera for Southampton and Hamburg; a ship's letter mail, and a bge cargo for Hamburg, including 9,000 bags of coffee. She bad heavy weather between Rio and Bhia, but fine-since with- northerly winds From Rio. we leoa that bushess in imports had been exceedingly limited during the lst fortnight. Since the failing of th- Medway 142lS pipes of Mediterraean rod wines had oome to market, and the sales Lmounted to about 1;500 pipes; prices gavo way, and best Tarragona brAnds Were not Worth $260 per pipe. Superior Lisbon had been sold at $290, being from S3Wto $40 below previous rates The- coffeemaeket contnued active until the arrival of the-Petropolis. on the 22d, when theuefa&ovrable nows.from Europ produced a more quiet tone. Trade wss dull on the 30th, and dealers were inclined to sel sound lots at 5)N00 to 5,200k and the better selections at 5,300 to 5,400; but the demard seemed satisfied. The total sales in September aeuouuked to 292,00 bags. Freights were dull at36se. to40k for Europe, and 60s, to 76se for the linite States. Exaage on Londoo, 27A to ; Hamburg, 653 to 656, No, advices havatemsen to band Irom Bahia or Pernam buco. The Petropolis did not leave any forelgn ship of war at Lisbon on the 26th. The coatinued difficulty of collections from the shops and other esablet, partialy closed in consequence of the fevor, bad raised the Ltsbon exchanges for bills at three months-vi=, London, 544; Paris, 525,; Hamburg& 524. Billa of5red, and no takers. Amsterdam, 43, and Genoa' 524, both zominal in the stock and share market. No busins had been transacted, and the quotations were nominally those of list packet. The Kiug of Portugal has just given from his privat pursetb munifoeict donation of about 6,700Z. to the Coommisdon arged with providing for the education of orphans left desUtute by the choler- which prevailed lst year and by the epidemic now eisting. Our Lisbon correspondent, writing on the 26th, says:- " A good deal of rain has fallen, which must have cleansed the sewers, and with the continuation of oold seasonable weather the new cases of fevers have decvased 25 per cent. during the last five days. On the 19th the new cases were 29tS on the 24th 218,; ad on the 25th 223, with S64 deaths during thi- last 24 hours. The deaths will probably continue much the same for some days, as the rain and cold ar naturally prejudicial to many patients under treatment; but as the Lew cases are already less than at any time during the last 13 days, and they continue sensibly to decrease, I can safely confirm the hope held out in my last letter that the lever will soon entirely disappear." The Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamer Tagus, from Southampton, landed her passengers and mails - at Lisbon on the 22d, and went on the same day for Cadiz and Gibraltar, without any further communication with the port, which has been declared by the Spanish Board of Health to be infected with contagous yellow fever.
A Cabinet Council was held yesterday afternoon at the official residence of the First Lord of the Treasury in Downing-xtreot. The Ministers present were,--Viscount Palmerston, the Lord Chancellor, Earl Granville, Earl of Earrowby, Sir George Grey, Earl of Clarendon, Mr. Secretary Labouchere, the RightHon. R. Vernon Smith, Lord Stanley of Alder. ley, and the Right Hon. M T. Baines. The Chancellor of the Exchequer acknowledges the receipt of the first halves of two banknotes for 501. each, " due for income-tax on foreign railways," from " X." CON-TLENETAL BAGGAOz.-We understand that the Lords of hbe Treasury and Board of Customs have sanc. tioned a considerable extenaion of the system of baggage registration by tue South-.Emaern Rxilway, eo that baggage from Paris, as well ag from Brusa, Cologne, and other towns, by all trains, can henoeforth, after the 1st of November, be secured from Cnustomis interference untiI arrival at London, independent of the other advant. ares of the system. This conoession, in addition to the facilities hitherto in operxuon for registering to the continent, wil enable passengeis to register their bagage either way by the day ser-icas s well a by the night mail trains, and nmxe a useful addition to the existin means of internation communication. The Government departmentb concerned have shown a nmost laudable desire to keep pace with the requirementS of the public in this DEsTucrIox oF AN ANcexT CHupcnr.-The village of Haavarden, Flintshire (which derives ita name from lawarden Castle, the seat of Sir Stephen Glynne, Lord-Lieutenant of Flintehire), was early on Thursday morning illuminated with flames which had encircled the far-famed church of St Deniol's, otherwise MH. warden Church. It was built about 1275, was thepro. perty of Sir Stephen Glynne, and the living, which was In his gift, was worth 4,000 a-year. Considerable improvements had been effected in it of late years, theohurb hbvina been completely restored and rendered the most b9autifol church in tbe county. By the time an engine could bebro cured from Chester the roof of the nave and side aislemud fallen, carrying with themn the alleries, and burying In one undistingui hable mass Fevsral fne marble r;onunentr carved stalls, font, lectern, pulpit, read esk, and screeD he organ was totaly destroyed. A olose emination, ade by the police discovered that, beyond all doubt, t,e church had heen purposely et on fire. Thu damage d-ai% e$imnatvd st S,00 I-Manckeetx Excwifnfr, '
LATEST INTELLIGENCE. I FRANiCE. The Mhoniteir of yesterday publishes the budget for 1859, drawn up by Mi. Magne. The French 3Minister of Finances, after pa,,ing in review the 'budgetB of the ten preceding years, declares the 'fmnaaces of France to be in a nost flouAshing condition. If (he aaya) your Majesty will deign to glance at the .'general state of our fnlacOes, you will find that aUl the aseatintl elements axe favourable, and ought to inspire the Atullest confidenoe." IL neMagne proposes that an additional sum of -,000,00Of. (200,0001.) shall be divided between -different departments of the Ministry to increase 'the salaries of the under officials. That the ll,000,0f f. (440,00)l.) granted to the Ministry of Marine in 1858 shall be increased by a further grant of 8,00O,Ooof. (320,000.) for the imSrovenent of the navy and the ports. Mx Mague announces a surplus of receipts of 48,000,000f. (1,920,0001.) Of this surplus he proposes that 40,000,000f. <1,600,0001.) shall be devoted to the Sinking Fnmd, and the remainder kept as a reeerve for unforeeeen eventualities.
'. JULLIEN'S CONCBRTS. These deservedly popular entertainments were resumed lat night with as great a success as on any previo-s occadon. The vast interior of Her Majesty's Theatre, elegantly decorated and lighted up with prodigal magnificence, was thronged in every part sheruy after the performance, had commenced. The arrangements were similar to those adopted last season. The balconyprotruding from the grand tier, and fiDed with an elegantly dressed audience, visible from all parts of the house-imparted that light and airy effect which so enchants the eye of English travellers when they first enter any of the theatres on the continent. The orcheetrrb on the colossal scale to which hX Jullien has accustomed his patrons, was the prominent object in the area; and both in front and in rear of it the scene was animated in the extreme. The reading room, with the usual abundance of newspapers and serials, and the refreshment tables, liberally supplied with aln those luxuries to which visitors are addicted between the parts, were conspicuous features, as of old. Nothing, in short, wvs wanting to render the entertainments as attractive as ever in the most varied acceptation of the term. AIL Jullien, on entering the orchestra, was greeted by loud, xmanimous, and continued plaudits-a just tribute to the merits of a long-tried and well-deserving caterer for the pubLic amusement. The first strains of the band, in Rossini's overture to Semiramide, at once satisfied connol& seurs that every possible care had been employed to maintain this very important department in the highent state of completeness. Rarely, indeed, if ever, has 41, Julllen-whose ohief and honourable prlde has invariably rested in the excellence of his orciestra-presided at the head of a more thoroughly eflicient force of instrumentalists. Among the old established favourites were observed Messrs. Willy (principal violin), Howell (double bass), Collins and E. Chipp (violoncelos), Pratten (flute), Lavigne (oboe), Lazarus (clarinet), De Folly (piccolo), ColDnet (flageolet), C. Harper and Jarrett (horns), T. IIarper (trumpet), Hughes (ophicleide), and a host of others-beside, Mr. Phillips, A new and talented player on the cornet-fa pistons (a rara arts now-a-days, and difficult to procure). The stringed band was remarkable both for strength and numbers. lCossini's brilliant operatic prelude was splendidly executed, and with several decidedly effoctive reading, which, were they not so entiroly in the spirit of the music might be pronounced altogother nov el on account of their being so generaly overlooked. The horns in the slow movement were irreproachablo both for softness of tone and correctness of ;.;yle; the " crescendos" in the allegro were perfect; and the rest was to match. A burst of applause rewarded this very fine performance. The overture was followed by a new waltz (ralse sentimen. uale) founded on the balad of " Constance," a composition the more deserving of praise since It shows what cleverness and mnusical feeling can make out of the most commonplace subject. If " Constance" goes down to posterity it will have to thank 31. Julien. The exquisitely pathetio andantc con 7noto from Mendelssohn's so-called " Italan" symphony (in A najor) could hardly fAll to be admirably played by such a band; and the only thing to regret was that the whole, Instead of a fragment, of so beautiful a work had not been introduced. The same mnay boe said with regard to tho middle movement from Beethoven's " Pastoral," played Later In the evening, which should nerer bo separated from the jlnae, to which it merely servesas introduction. The obstinate persistence in denominating the movement from Mendelssohn's symphony, " Plgrim's March" seems to be part of h. Jullien's musical idiosyncracy, so impossible is it to persuade him of Its inpropriety. On the present occasion we find in the programme not only " Pilgrim's March," but " Contemplation and Prayer" in the bargain-the irrelevancy of which may be best appreciated when it Is stated that neither " maroh"o n1or " prayer" was contemplated in the composition of any part of the symphony. The re-engagement of Mademoiselle Jetty Treffz, aFter an interval of some years, has afforded universal satisfaction. This lady, before all others, is precisely the singer for the concerts of Md. Julien, and the best proof of it lies in the fact that no other has attained the same degree of popularity. Mademoiselle Treflz does not lay any claim to be entitled a "I bra-ura " singer. Elaborate vocalization is iaot her element; on the oontrary, she avoids it, and appeals to her hearers through the simple medium of expression. But as expression, when genuine, is sure to find a multi. tude of admirers, the cause of Mademoisele Treflk's extreme popularity may be easily understood. She sings the German lled, the French romanoe, the Italian arietta, aud the English ballad with eo,ual simplicity and grace, know. Ing the secret to charm without the slighteBt apparent effort. She was honoured last night with a welcome that is never accorded but to established favourites, and her performances gave the same pleasure as when she was last heard In London. Mozatt's " Vedrai carino" and a new German song by Herr Kucken were set down for her in the programmo. Both were encored. For the first was sub. stituted " Home sweet home," and for the second the muemorable "Trab trab"-which latter the audienoe had borne in mind as identified with Mademoiselle Treffz, and demanded with vociferous unanimity. The most effective displays for t'he "solo" players attached to dl. JuUien's orchestra were in the not-to-beforgotten English Quadrille, and a new "selection" from D£en Giezaani, in both of which several of the most eminent artists abo -e named had important parts assgued them. Mr. T. Harper performed "' The soldier tired" un the trumpet, and lMr. Pratten a fantasia of his own comnpesibion on the flute-both with extraordinary skill aDd the utmost euccess. Other dance music was presented, and among the rest a polka-ma:urka, composed for the occasion, full of oh'racter, rhythmical, melodious, and showing that MI. Julien, to say nothing of his other pretensions, is still the chosen minstrel of Terpsichore. After the English Quadrille the "National Anthem" and " Rule Britannia " were performed, the vAst audience joUinig obstreperously in the most promirnent phrases of the M U The whole of the first part of the concert Dassed off in such a manner as to warrant the hope that no such scenes as those which have for many seasons disgraced the opening nights would take place. Even the interval betw een the parts was Jar less disorderly than usual; and the fo'v attempts that were mzde to get up a disturbance were effeotually checked by a very sensible remonstrance on the pars of M. Jallie4, which was received with the greatest applause. Later in the evening, however, there was strong evidence of a desire to revive the periodical staurnalia, and a knot of rufflans-no nilder title wonld appropriately define theum-endervoured, by forming rings and other unmeaning devices, to distract and annoy the great maajority of the occupants of the pit. Mr. Pratten was compelled for several minlutes to stop playing. and a great number of respectable persons left the house. Happily, however, the poisce were instrong force and on the aler;t the result of which wad that two or three of the chief ringleaders were carried off in the midst of their exploits, to the entire satisfaction of the audience, who regarded these unrnly proceedings vwith infinitely more disgust than amusenment.
TO THE EDITOR OF THE TIME,,. es -u V1ng to a paragrapha which aPPeared in your impenioni of Tue8day, giving an exaggerated account of a singular accident which happened to; a boy in ]iatcliff.hlgh. way n ?ondy fom he ecap ofa tgerfrom its cagce, bave had inquiries respecting his condition. bcae I think it, therefore, only just to the publio, throujgh the medium of your columns, to state that the boy is no' :and never has been in danger from the injuries he then re- 0eWaS brought here sufferiog from two smail w,unds in the arts, caused by the teeth, and a slight scratch on the scalp from one of the clavs, of the tiger. I am. Sir. Your ob-Udi-t A- FRANCIS OWEN, HIouse Surgeon London Hospital. Oct. SO. 8INGULAx CASE OF 2JANSLAUGHTER..-On Thursday an in:quest was held at Mlonmote.green, Wolver. Nhamnton, ou the body of a ohild named Sarah Ann M'Cloud, aged 2 years and 4 months, whose death was occasioned in the follaniug aingsdar manner:-A married woman, of a piolent teipsr, vWho had previously been the cause of the d1eath oi an oher person a day or two ago, drove her husband into the ttreel, nad then threw at him an iron poker. The wveap.,rl n iv himn, but, zebounding, the sharp end of lt pierced the nostril of the decvissed as she sat on bhe door of a neighbouring house. Yiolert heniorrbage ultimately ensued, and the child died. The jury commttted the o'Dau;to gaolon a c}arge of manslaughter.-Manc1iezter
FORBIGN INTELLIGENCE. iThe following appeared in our second edition of yes. terday:-] DEAT' OF GENERAL CAVAIGNAC. (BY SUBlAFIh AND G3RITSH TEEGAPH.) We have received the following telegram from our Paris correspondent: PARIS, FRDAY, OCT. 30, 9 Asx "General Cavaignac has died suddenly." FRANCE. (FROMt o0a OwN COrPONDOT.) PARIS, TnURSDAY, OcT. 29, 6 P.m. When Baron Talleyrand was sent to the Principalities the E'rench Governient did not safficiently bear in mind the cautious recommendation g,iven by Princealteyrand in his instructions to avery ardent diplomatist of the day, "Surtout, mon ami, point de zele, point de zble," If they had done so some mortification would be spared, and the Moldo-Wallachians would not be In a condition to reproach them with abandoning their cause after having excited their hopes to the highest pitch. I bave already alluded to the dissatisfaction felt at the prospeet of being left alone on the question of the union, or at the utmost having only Piedmont to stand by them. An article in the Costitutionnelof to-day,bearing the unmistakeable impress of the Foreign-office, contrasts strongly with the imperious tone that marked the rhapsodies of that journal some short time ago. After giving a summary of the proceedings of the Paris Congress on that particular subject, and quoting the observations of the French Plenipotentiary, who took the course of suffering nationalities Bo much to heart, and proposed that the union should be at once admitted and proclaimed, as well as the explanations of the other Plenipotentiaries, the ConstitutiomWn says:- " Assuredly the wishes expressed by the Divans will ba an element of the most important kind in the approaching deliberations. That ele,pent wil be one of great welght. The Powera that suppor*ed the union will, no doubt, avail themselves of it, butit cannot be the sole element. The Pleni potentiaTies will also have to take into account other consideratlons wbich interest the stability of the Ottoman Empire and the equilibriuu,of Europe. It cannot be lost sight of that Turkey, not taking part in the meeting but as a signing Power, will be in a position of a special kind, which is entitled to serious examination. The approaching Conference, we have said, will at least be able to form a decided opinion with respect to the sentiments of the country which it is its mission to reorganize. When we caU to mind the ideas of conciliation which have always prevailed in the Congress we are inclined to hope that the Powers between whom there is a difference on this question vill arrive at a solution, while they take care of all the interests that are concerned in it." I am unwilling to use the term "rectclade," but certainly the great change of tone and language in the Contitutiommel shows that a considerable modification in its views has talen place, and that, whether it be owing to the calm and deliberate examination of the question during the visit at Osborne, or the great probability of being left in a minority, the political union of the Principalities will be allowed to drop as gently as possible. Thle Pays, the tvin brother of the Cousitntionnel, makes use of language nearly identical. The Pays says " It was thought prematurely, according to us, that the question had been decided by the fact of the elections, a majority of which is favourable to the union. This was premature; and we have said so repeatedly. The policy of the French Government has been directed exclusively, and without reference to the results, to maintainlng the freedom of the elections in the Principalities, in order that the real wishes of the populations should be sub mitted to the decision which the future Congress may consider It its duty to adopt. There never was, and there never could be, a queslon of anything else; it was never intended to resolve beforehand a question which was not yet studied In all its bearlngs, and on which, moreover, no one could have pronounced. It is now certain that the opinion of the provinces will exercise a certaint in. fluence on the deliberations of the Congress, when each Power will try to promote its own views and its own ideas. But what has occurred in Moldavla and Wallachia cannot, It is olear, constitute the only elements of that solbmn act. The Congress will not confine within that narrow limit its investigationsandresearches;ltmuatnot,in theinteresteof thePowers and of the equilibrium of Europe, stop at one single point. There are general considerations which concern the situation of E5urope; there are others wlhih have relation to the independence of the Ottoman empire, an independence which has been the chief cause of the war in the Crimea; and, finally, there are great int3rests connected with these grave questions which must be cr-efuUly handled, particu. larly with reference to the developments of every kind which the repose of Europe holds out to these fine countries. There is every reason to believe that the approaching Conference, acting under the influence of the highest politicat considerations, will, with a view to a definitive opinion' consult the dignity and interests of the Powers, and resolve the question in a manner the most favourable to the sentiments of the Rouman populations, and, at the same time satisfy the necessities for which the policy of past times has been unable to find a satisfactory solution." Such is the duo performed by the twvo Ministerial organs. What the Wallachian patriots will say is another question. The anxiety of the French Government was, of course, merely directed to securing the freedom and independence of the elections in Moldavia and Wallachia. That was the point it only aimed at. It was a mistake to suppose that its views went further, or that it ever seriously thought of union between them. With theview of benefittingequally the two principal military ports of France, the Minister of Marine has decided that the first division of the squadron of evolutions, under Vice-Admiral Trehouart, shall pass the winter at Toulon, and the second division, under Rear-Admiral Lavaud, at Brest. The latter, composed of the steamnhips Austerlitz, Tourville, Prince Jerome, and UlTn, left Toulon on the l7th for Drest. It is stated that the Government intends not to call out this year more than half of the contingent of the arnmy, and that orders to that effect are to be sent to the departments. A meeting of English residents was held this morning at Meurice's Rotel, to take into consideration what should be done with respect to the English Church in the Rue d'Aguesseaii, which is offered for sale. The Rev. Richard Buller was called to the chair, and opened the mneeting with prayer. After stating that there was danger of the church falling into the hands of personsuot belonging to the Church of England, ancd briefly dwelling on the importance of retaining It, the rev. chairman proposed a plan to this effect,-that a sum of 5,0001. should be raised in shares of 25Z. each, and that the Government should then be called on, under the Consular Act, to advance an equal sum, whereby the capital demanded for the purchase of the church would be made up. The shareholders, he explained, would have ample security for their money, inasmuch as the receipts for the letting of seats in the cbapel, together with donations which may reasonably be expected from the public, wlll amount on an average to 1,3521.yearly, from which there will have to be deducted. forinterest on the capital and incidenta expenses 4501., thereby leaving abalance of 9021. to be devoted to thepayine off of the shares. After a discussion in which several gentlemen took part, and in the course of which it was stated that, after reim- bursing the shareholders, the chapel would become. entirely free to the English public, it was proposed i by the Rev. P. Beaver, and seconded by Mr. Mar- i gary, " That a committee be appointed to carry out the plan proposed by the Rev. R. Buller, and to submit it to Lord Cowley, the English Ambassador, for his approval." This resolution was carried unanimously. It was next proposed and seconded that the following gentlemen should be requested to act as the ommittee:-Lord Gray, Major Long, Sir Stafford Northcote, Bart., Mr. Margarv, Dr. Epiers, Dr. Shrimpton, Mr. Rolls, the Rev. H. Swale, the Rev. F. Beaver, Mr. Galignani, and the Rev. R. Buller. This resolution was also agreed to. It was then announced to the meeting that MM. Galignani would subscribe for 25 shares; and some other gentlemen also' stated their readiness to take shares. It wa3s afterwards proposed by Dr. Shrimpton, seconded by Dr. Spiers, that the thanks of the meeting should be given to MM. Galignani for their offer, and the resolution was agreed to unaninously. After a vote of thanks to the rev. chairman, and one to M. Cailez for the use of the room, the meeting broke heopt The Three noer Cents. clozed to-day at G0f. for the end of tha month, and the Four-and a-Half per Cents. at 9Of. 2 0c.; Orleans Railway Shares, 1,310f. Azeat Northern, 875F.; Strasburg, 67ef.; N Tew r F . 662f. 5lk(.- Paris to Lyons and the B!ejld*sa.ean, So f. 5 C. W IV catelA LF ancC, Gv, f 60c.; Bordealux and (ktte, 6£6f.; Great Central of France, 5987f. 50c. Iyons and Geneva, 602f. 60c.; Bank of Credlt 9 obilier, 792f. 60c.; Autrlan' Railways, 673f. 7 5c.; Romn Rafilways, 490f. ; Russian Railways, 5021. 60c. Cour3 A nutia .-Pius, October 29.-Oah PrleeaFour-and.-.all per Cents. (not reimburable for 10 years) 90r. 25c. 5 00. 600. 750. 60G.; per Cents, 66f. 85c. 9M PSe. 9Q0. 67f. 67f. 5o.; Treasury Bonds, 6 per ent., three months; Batik of France, 2,990f. 2,985f.; dito (5Q0. paid), 2.985f.; Credit Foncier. 530!.; ditto, Obllgations of 50., Four per Cente., 427f. 50c. 430f. 427f. 50c. ; ditto, Three pir Cents., 390. ; ditto, Tenths, Four per Cents., 871. 50o. 85F.; ditto, Tenths, Three per Cents., 80Q.; Prom. Obligations of 1,Q0uf, Three per Cents., 93a*.; Cr6dit Mobiller, 775f. 780f. 7S6f. 782£. 50O. 792f. Soc. 795f. DIsoount Bank, 650!.; Piedmon tese Five pr Cents., 90f. 330. 90f.; Austrian Five per Cents., 8Sf.; igsRia For-and-&EHlf per Cents., 994 A; Rente de Naples (Rothschild's), 113; Rornaa, 88 ; Spanish DEferred Converted, 25; ;ditto, Three per Cents., Exterior Debt, 40i; ditto, Interfor, 37*. Exchange on London, at sight, paper, 26f. 324c.; money, 25f. 27&c.; three months, paper, 24f. 80c.; money, 24!. 774c. PRUSSIA. (FBOX 0U OWN C0RRMPOWDRNT.) BERLIN, Oar. 28. The bulletin which was issued yesterday on the state of the KCing's health is to be the last issued, and has consequently a certain claim to be noticed. It runs thus:- "As His Majesty the King has entered into the stadium of a decided, though, as may be foreseen, slow reconvaleecence, there will, from to-day, in compliance with His Yajesty's command, be no more bulletins inued. !" Sans Souci, Oct. 27, 10 o'clock a.m.' And I am happy to add that the information I have myself received from Potsdam confirms the contents of the foregoing. The Palace at Charlottenbnrgr is being got ready in all deapatch for their Majesties to take up their abode there at once, and it is expected that the King's increased strength will enable him to be moved thither before the cloe of the week. When that is the case the Prince of P-ussia will also remove into Berlin, and redide in his own Paace. Among the numerous inquiries made steadily day by day at Sans Souci into the progress of the King's illness and convalescence, on the part of various crowned heads of Europe, I ought not to have omitted to mention that, on the part of our Queen, Lord Bloomfield has been unremitting in his exertions both to obtain correct Informaiion and tranamitit daily; on several occasions his Lordship has himself proceeded to Sans Souci for the sake of increased accuracy of information. On the same day on which the Prince of Prussia had the conduct of the government committed to him by the King-viz., 23d inst., he addreased the following General Order to the Army:- "Bis Majesty the King has been pleased by a Royal order to inttust t9 me from to-day the supreme manage. ment of State affairs for the space of three months. make the army acquainted with this, and at the same time express my confadent expectation that when His Majesty has, by God's blessing, speedily recovered his health, I shall have only matters worthy of pr*ise to report to him of IVt" The different Trades' Unions and Guilds of Berlin are already very busy in preparing to take their part in the procesion which is to usher in the Princess Royal and Prince Frederick William to the capital of Prussia. Those who may have chanced to see the very tasty and picturesque manner in which these artisans illustsrate their various trades and keep alive a number of pleasing mediEeval customs, suchas the swluging and hurling of hand-flas, will reckon In advance that, apart from the equipage containing the bridal couple, there will be hary anything so interesting in the procession as the Trades' Guilds. The palace for the future couple is rapidly approachig completion. The scaffolding has been already taken down on all sides except the front. The young Prince is most assiduous in his visits to the work-, whenever he can find a leisure hour; the encouraging al employed there to unremitting exertions, and the examination of horses for his stud, formn his two .nfailing occupations as soon as he can detach himself from business. Friends who have just returned from Silesia and Breslau (the capital of that province) tell me they cannot find terms to express the admirable impression the young Prince has made while quartered there in garrison with his regiment. His straightforward simplicity of manners, his purity of life, and elevation of principles have so far won all hearts for him that it is commonly said there now that in him " Prussia has conquered Silesia afresh." An intereating ceremony took place near Leipsic on Sunday, 25th inst., viz., the inauguration of the new monument on the Thonberg, to mark the spot from which Napoleon 1. directed the operatlonr of the French army during the memorable battle of Leipsio in 1813. The monument consists of a retangular block of granite, resting on two plinths, and raised from the level of the ground by a mound of about four feet high, and covered with green sward; the main block itself is surmounted by a Napoleonic cocked hat, a sword, and other baracteristic emblems. T'he inscription which the monument bears runs, when translated, thus :*-" Here stood Napoleon on the 18th of October, 1813, observing the progress of the VYlkerschlafclt" (or Battle of the Nations, al it is always called by the Germans). On the reverse is a text from Scripture. The ceremony of inauguration was attended by some thousands of people, among whom were several Iersons of note, includiDg our Consul.-General at Leipsic. During the last few years monuments have been placed at all the principal points of the country round Leipsic, so well mapped by M. Thiers, where decisive actions or other events of historic interest have taken place, and this has been done entirely by a private society. It is, however, the fact, and a not astonishin, one, that the great Battle of Leipsic itelf is less commemorated in Saxony than In any other part of Germany, inasmuch as, though the result of that battle brought the dawn of liberation from French tyranny to Germany, it is from that day that the dismemberment and parcelling out of the recently created kingdom of Saxony dates. This inauguration of themonumentabove described bas called forth inIto publicity some recollections of the great General from an eye-witness of his conduct and motions on that day, which, like everything else connected with him, claim the interest of the after-world - 11 After some time spent in the examination of his pozd. lion and of the heights on which the artillery of the Guard was posted, he returned to the windmill (Quand's to. baco mill), dismounted in front of the Saxon battalion of the Guard, and, sometimes alone, and sometimes accompanied by various Generas, walked up and down in oonver.atlon with them, during which he occasionally despatched adjutants and aides-de-camp. He then suddenly laid himself down on the damp earth with his back turned towards the line of battle. A page Immediately brought him a leather cushion, and handed it to him to put under his head. He hereupon turned round with his face to the cushion, and thrust both his hands between it and his head. In this position he romained some time, although several ofricers arrived with news. In spite of the necessity they proolaimed themselves to be under of communicating to him their intelligence, no one ventured to disturb him. About 12 o'clock the Emperor again mounted his horse, and rode up to the batteries of the Guard, and on to the inn at Probs. theida.,where he entered Into conversation with Jlurat behind ahouse which was on firet here. While here a ball from a battery, the direction of which had just been changed, struck the earth just behind him and decided him to retire, and he rt turned to the tobacco mill. As the evening drew on, Napoleon orderedi a watch-fire to be lit by the mill, and er it was placed a field table with mapa spread on it. No sooner die( the fire burn up than a grenade whizzed up to the spot and plunged into the earth about half an el from the Emperor's feet. The retreat was by this time going on from Probatheida along the road to Lelpsic, accompenied by the thunder of the artillery; gradually the latter diminished and thousands of watch fires shone out in the darkness. A wooden bench was now brought to the Emperor, and he slept on it for about a quarter of an hour. On a sudden Napoleon avoke, called the Saxon Adjutantvon Odeleben, and told him to go to the King of Satony and tell him that he could not visit him thai night. About half-past 6 o'clock he left his bivouac in p-reound darkness, and betook himself to the HMtel de Prussa, where he passed the night." I fear that the information I recently sent you of the Minister of Commerce havnug justified the rejection of a telegram of mine on the subject of the King's health, on the plea that the statement as not correct, Mas led you into the error of supposing that whatever the wisdom of the Berlin officials permats to be telegraphed must necessarily be so. The telegram you printed in your last Monday's seco' 4a edition, mentioning the death of Herr von Nieijir, will surprise bim not a little when he reads it,, which 1 trust he will be well enough to do in a v ery few da: s. On Monday the whole German pres ,i. was flooded with a telegraphic announcement pr .pssedly extracted from the officialFreussisclhe or7r tspwdlO7 ic of that day, which the all-wkie teleear kio ogf'al" sent Off, in ignorance that no Preussisiche (Jk-&`0?7. dellz at all was nublished that day, and is- her before nor since 'has contained any such ariicle. otthe day previous they telegraphed a man dead who W's si alive, though il; and not many days before t} at the Nord contained the telegraphic news, dated fron, he-t,, that the King of Prussia was Incurably ill and conld not recover; and yet the Minister of ComnTtrCe says disquieting news cannot be permitted th, be telegraphed when it can be recognized as incorrect. The meddling of Ministers and polioe with bi7stitutions that ought to be left to their simply comniercial actioni, such as the Stock Exchange, the Bank, the te3egraph, &c., has never yet, even in this country, had any other than most hurtful effects, and generally the reverse of what was intended. The character of Berlin telegraphic news formerly stood deservedly high, and you have now a sample of how little of that it deserves, apart from the character of the correspondent. AUSTRIA. (raoac o7a ows~ oOanrar02iD.1 VIEl1TA, OCT. 27. The sole topic of conversation s the aking of Delhi, and the Viennese appear to be exkremely well pleased that the stronghold of the mutineers has so soon fallen into the hands of the beseging troops. The leading papers express their conviction that England will triumph over her numerous enemies, and even the Oesterreiehische ZeiUung thinks that ahe may be able to pacify India without the assistance of any other Power. The Ost-Deutsche Post thus apeaks of the great occurrence of the day - "The fall of Delhi is one of those events the consequences of which are felt from one extremity of the earth to the other. Already had the open and secret enemies of England made signs to each other. The Yankee flattered himsielf that one of the principal sources of the power of Great Britan was lost to her for ever; some of the leading organ of the pre.s of a country which lies nearer to England than America began to speculate on the approaching decline of Great Britain; but now they have suddenly received the astounding news that a small body of British troops has taken a city defended by 100,000 fasnatics in one-sixth of the time 'which the forces of four nations spent in besieging the Crimean fortress. " Where are now those political soothsayers, who saw on the soil of India a repetition of the American War of Independenoe, and foretold that tho issue of the struggle would he the same? The seat of the military insurrection Is in the hands of England. The greater part of the mutinous army was collected in Delhi, and proved powerless, and what has England uow to fear from a few regi. ments, scattered here and there, without resources, without leaders, without a definite object? All danger for England is past ! We do not speak of any dnger to which she was exposed on the soil of Asia, but of the danger in which she was of being undervaltLed in Europe. The fall of Dehi has saved Europe from more than one perilous experiment, which would have been tried if the whole strength of England had long been abeorbed by Indi. The existing state of things in Europe has been secured on the banks of thsJumna. There are now again five Great Powers, and It appeas to us that the taldng of Delhi Is the moet tranqulizing news which has been made known to the world since the termination of the Ruesian war." The news of the fall of the great Indian fortress was known to one of the pribcipal financiers in this city before it was known to the Austrian Government, and it was not until 3 o'clock that the Austrian Foreign-office received a confirmation of a report which had circulated on 'Change an hour and a half earlier. Can it be that persons on 'Change surreptitiously obtain a knowledge of the contents of the despatches forwarded from Trieste to London, and employ that knowledge for the furtherance of their stockjobbing operations? Last night the men of the II coulisse" suffered a heavy loss at the hands of some of the leading men on 'hange. The former, feelingpersuaded that the good news from India would produce a favourable impression on the money-market, bought on speculation indstrIel stock to a large amount, and the latter sold as much as they could get rid of, because they had received telegraphic information from London that very bad news had been received fron the United States. Information has reached me from Bucharest that the political agitation has entirely subsided, " because the Unionists feel assured that the European Powers will accede to the wishes expressed by the two Divans ad hoc." My correspondent, who can hardly fail to be well informed on what is passing, hints that the UJnionists are likrely to be diappointed, and remarks that the opinions of more than one member of the Commrission have recently undergone a very remarkabale change. The people of Jassy, who have recently been talking so loudly in favour of the claims of the Rouman races to independence and liberty, endeavoured to drive the Jews from the city on the day on which the Divan sat for the first time. By daylight, and in the presence of the higher authorities and of the armed militia, the people of the Moldavian capital insultedand ii-used eve.y J3ew who ventured to show himself in the streets, " and gangs of low follows," says the Jassy correspondent of the Oester'reichische Zeitung, "forced their way into the bouses of the Jews, and there continued to abuse them." On the following day complaints were made by the unfortunate Hebrews to M. Stourdza, the chief of the police, but they obtained nothing from that functionary bat the advice to quit the country at once, " as worse was likely to befall them if they did not make their escape within three days." Fortunately, the Comnissioners were at Jassy, and, as they expressed their disapprobation of what had occurred, the children of Israel were afterwards left in peace. It is stated that the conduct of the Prefect of Krajova gave oflence to M. de Baslly, and induced him to tend a very unfavourable report to Constantinople of what he had seen in Wallachia. In direct contradiction to the firman, the Prefect put his own name on the electoral list, and there it remained, in spite of an application made by the Russian Commissioner to the Eaimakan to have it erased. When the Emperor of the French has his apartments heated for the first time in the autumn the electric wire does not fail to communicate the fact to, the Oesterrechisclme Correspondens, but frequently matters of importance are not even alluded to in the Ministerial organ. Thus the news relative to the vote of the Moldavian Divan, which appeared in The Times of the 22d inst., was not known to ahe Vienna publc until the afternoon of that day, although the telegram passed through Vienna two days previously. Indeed, it is whispered that the Austrian Government did not know that the Moldavian Divan had almost unanimously voted in favour of the union until the news was sent by telegraph from Paris. The discussion between the Oxford and ambridge scholars on the subject of the word "telegram" greatly amuses the German and Greek iitevati, w ho are of opinion that the word is not only mund. u2id*ohr-gc1-echt (fitting for the mouth and ag,reeable to the ear), but of correctformation. Count Buol, who is wel again, will resume his duties at the Foreign-office on Thursday, tl e 29th, and it is believed that the Emperor and Empress wiUl be back from Ischi on the following day. Persons who must be well acquainted with the sentiments which prevail in Russia state that the reconciliation between the Emperor Alexander and the Emperor Francis Joseph praduced an extremely unfavourable impression on the old Muscovite party. By way of reply to a question put to him by the GovernorGeneral of New Russia and Besearabia, the Emperor Alexander gave orders to the Governor of Sinpheropol to permit foreigners to, reside at Sebastopol. It is stated that tis Government has called the attention of the Rlsaian Cabinet to the fact, that it acted in direct opposition to the conditions of the treaty of peaeo, when it declared that Anapa, Souchura-Kaleh, and Redout-Kaleh were the only port on the eastern eoaet of the Black Sea to whieh foreign vessels would be admeitted. A great reduction of the Austrian army is still under discussion, but lis Majesty the Emperor has not yet consented to give his saaction to, the measure. The Count and Countess Traani are now at Verona, on their way back from Isehl, where they passed some days, to Naples. Prince Petrulla, the Neapolitan Minister at this Cowt, is already back from Milan. Sir Hamilton Seymour is getting up a subscription among the English kere for the reliaf of the sufferers in India. There was a grand regatta outside the gigantic dam or dike at Malamocco on the 24th inst., but no particulars of -wbat occurred have yet reached us. Both the travelling public and the police of Veniceo and Milan complain of the way in which the Lombardo-Venetian railroads are managed. Objects of value are continually abstracted from the baggage of the passengers, time is rarely or Dever kept, and the mn4ority of the waiters at tbe ttitions at wvhich ref1tntg cui be procilred a1wi ,zl rogues. PFor ihe information of the musical wald it iMfy be stated that the opera of Aroldo, forruerly eulled St6,felius, by Verdi, hsa pleased neither - at Turin nor at Treviso. Seven Senators have tendered their resignat5{o to the Prince of Servia, and it has been acoepted. At prewent the ^Servlan Senate consists of but four individuals. The o]d Voivode, Wuchaitch, the Privy Councillor of 5be Hospodar, who formerly constpired against MilosUoh and Michael Obrenovitach, saulved here yesterday. Among the persons arrested at Belgrade are sevrer Mllfoldav and Wallachians artd twro Montenegrins. THE BALTI14? (PROM o1n OWI HAMBIYRG, Oez. 28. It is vwlth regret that I ha7e to mention, among the passing occurrences of the day, the suspension of payment by the higlilyrespe ble-firra of Mesrs Winterhoff and Pieper, of this city, which took place on Moneay last, and has been brought about by some extensive dealings with America and Russia, in both of which countries", i New York and eoscow, this house had branch establishments. The main cause is ascribed to the present state of the American money-market. The amountitivoived in this failure is currently reported to entend to about 1,500,000 marks banco. The standing of the house in the commercial world here was et a second-rate reputation, and it had been established between 25 and 30 years. At the same time-one of the oldest and most respectable ship-brokerm of the city-a man who has for several years past been .nnected with the steam navigation between Hull and this port, in conmexion with Messrs. Brownlow and Pearson, of the former place, and between this and London and Antwerp in connexion with other extensive firma of the city-on the receipt of a telegrnm from the Dutch coast, informing him of the loss of one of the steamers in which he held a fourth share (the Comet, Captain Barends), committed suicide in a moment of temporary insaity. This unfortunate person, M. Precht, as is rumoured, powaesed property in ships and houses to the amount of several hundred thousands of marks, and the whole of the loss by the running down of the vessel would not have exceeded 80,000 marks, or about 5,0001. The Comet was run down in the night of the 24th Inst., on her passage from An.werp to the Elbe, and three of the crew and one pansenger were drowned. Particulars have not been received how the event occurred. The Indian news of the fall of Delhi has been favourably received here in generaL. Rtecent intelligence received here from the manufacturing districts of Saxony represents a gloomy state of feeling among those who heve been in the habit of exporting goods to America. The trade has already received a severe temporary check in consequences of the state of affairs there, and in many 'of the manufacturing towns the whole of the stocking trade has been suspended, the workmen dismissed, and eonsiderable distress exists already among the poorer classes.
THE PA CIFIC. By the arrival of the West India steamer a Plats at Southampton, we have received files of Panama papers to, the 9th inst. The New Granada steamer arrived In Panama Bay onthe 5th, with the South Pacific mails. Dates from Valparaiso are to September 15. There ib very little political news from ChiL The Government had not been able to orgaize a Cabinet It was said that the President wonld grant an amnesty during the celebration of ihe anniversary of independenoe. The I.egislative Chambers dissolved on the 31st of August, but they would be called together In extraordinary sssion as soon as the Cabinet was formed, this measre being rend=ed necessary as the estimates had not been voted. The approaching festivities of the 18th had intexfered with business, which was comlaratively at a stAndstill. The scarcity of money had also tended to paralyze trade. Good hills were with difficulty discounted at 1U per cent. The effect of the large exportation of ooin had for some time been felt In commercial circles; during the first eight mnonths of this year S949946 in ailvar, and S267T,2i in gold left the country, besides the amount sent from Copiapo to the Argentine provinces, which brings up the total export to over $%OW,000G. The value of the exports from Chih for the first six months of the year amounted to $3S13i471 The appeal of the Peruvian Consul, soliciting the seire of the guano ex. ported duriag the time the ilAands were in the hands of General Vivanco, had been disaliewed. The wires of the Santiago and Talc telegraph ware being lhid. Signor Jaguez Schazmann has beesn recognized as Consul of Switzerland in the port of Valpiso. Various attempts to subvert the Goverament have been made in the republi of Bolina, but, acoording to the nows pAper accoun they have been nusucessfnI, the people adhering to the legitimate authorities. Affairs in the South oontinue without change. Cstilla, with nearly 5,00 men, had not attacked Arecuipa, and all the efft that had boeer mad to bring about & paCific tesminatio. of the war hA failed. CaStila was about to movo with his foreea to, ocupy the heights of BBSO lsta, and a deeisi.ve blow was expeced to be struck early in thS motk. A few lkirinaehs had tLrse place without auck advautage on either side.
THR EDXIOJW OP THE TIMBS Sir,-I am sure you, as well as your nounerous readers, will be glad to hear from htormation received at Calutta, which has been trn;smitted to this' ooutry by priva-t letter per Overland amil, and the corr tess of which I sincerely trst tbere is no reason to dou), that. the Capore misertsnt wiso were released from ihoir Only to4isk imprisonament by the undue lnieny of Mr., J. P. Grant were, on their exit from the prisor. gates, attacked by a body of the 7Sth Highlanders, who bayonetted some, if not every one of them, thereby affording the rebes a just retri. bution for their crimes, and setting an example t( the vacillating member of the 8upreme Council whicb it is to. be hoped will not be in vain. T xm Sir. vour obedient servant. D. F. J, Oct. 30. iNOT TO BDE CA7UGHT IW1IkE.-Lnfuuia GI per. sor,s are daiy applying to Lord Napier for employme:lt in the British army u1 India. He requested me to say that his Government has resolved to employ no foreign troop, in that wxr,-W&shin&tol orrgpondqnt of tbN?Q V rk l]eOnldt
CHINA. (FRom OUR SPECIAL CORn SPOnVnP v (Concluded from The Tmes of ber S0.) ! O0- THE IMPERIAL CAONAL, AUG. 10. I have a Ningpo servant hired for this trip, for vwen, upon arriving at Shangbai, I found iMr. A'Lin trying to communicate with his countrymen by means of Canton English, it was plain that he would not be of much use to 'me in difficulties up the country. I had Lo idea that these provincials were so (ntirely incomprehensible to each other. The voice of AYu awoke me to a sense that I was a public character. We were moored in the suburb of thle city of Kiahing, and every barge in the neighbourhood was crowded by spectators contemplating the sleeping and, doubtless, snoring barbarian. The excitement was very great when the outer foreigner threw aside his mosquito curtains and appeared in loose jacket and sleeping trowsers, 'L.j it reached its highest point when he took a header into the canal. The best part of t*-e entertainment, however, seemed to be when the barbarian, his swim being accomplished, had to climb up the rope into the boat, with his dripping pajamas, and pull all his curtains about him. The water is quite clean, aud the Chinese throw nothing away. We have now got into districts where the people very rarely eea foreigners, and their surpriEe and astonishment are as great as if they bad never even seen one before. I confess T think this perpetual mobbing insufferable. My Chinese disguise does very well to go through a city in a chair, but it will not do to walk about with. The first dog I meet resents the imposture ancd draws upon me the criticism and curiosity of the multitude. A Chinese bourgeois wears no hat. Be is the only human creature who shaves his head and defies the blazing sun. Five minutes of this would infallibly produce brain fever in a European, so we are obliged to use either the straw hat of the Chiaese peasanrt or the pith hat of the Hongkong merchant. You must, however, wear Chinese clothes; you could not move a step through these cities in European clothes-they would excite a frenzy of curiosity. I saw much more of the city of Kiahing by water than I did by land, but these cities of the delta are like Venice or Amsterdam, it is only from their canals that you can see them. Although but a third-class city, we were at least an hour passing through Kiahing. There are vast stores of that thick pottery ware used at Shanghai for baths and coarser utensils, much of it well ornamented. There are large carpenters' shops containing the simple silk-winding, machine of the Chinese, in every stage of completion. We are now far advanced into the silk district. There is a large establishment for crushing seeds and making oil. We land to inspect it, and the proprietor is polite and explanatory. There are tea-shops overhanging the water, and the customers, naked to the waist, are lounging and smoking and sipping from their little cups a weakt infusion wiithout milk or sugar. Then there is a break in the continuity of habitations-a rick of rice straw and a grove of mulberry trees, not large ronnd topped trees such as we see in France and Italy, but trees free to grow as nature pleases, and beari ng their leaves down to the bottom of their stems. Of the millions of mulberry trees I bave seen in this part every one has a good healthy foliage, and not one has been stripped in the manner I have somewhere seen described. Passing this ogricultural interval, we again immerge into the city. We seem now to be in a district of merely domestic dwellings. The enormous signboards covered with gigantic Chinese characters are less frequent. There is a fat Chinawoman and her pretty little round plump daughter hanging out clothes in a very small number of square inches of drying ground under the eaves of their cottage. In another building there is a solitary damsel employed upon her embroidery; and in another a palm-leaf fan is being used to drive the mosquitos out of the curtains. The little domesticities of life are going on while the men are at business. Throughout the whole extent of Kiahing and of every other city in this neighbourhood there are well-finished quays of faced granite, having at every 20 yards broad atone stairs down into the water; upon these the long-tailed race both men and children, stand and fish. Some of the stores are very extensive, run a long way back, and are divided from their nelghbours by thick aDd high party walls; but the houses are all built to the same pattern-a garret above a shop, a slanting roof of tiles, and projecting eaves over both the shop and the garret. This is the unvarying form. Signboards with immense characters, the presence or absence of flowerpots and casements, and the various characters of the conimoditles for sale constitute the only difference. We e rntered Kiahing through an arclway in the wall, and quitted it through a similar aperture. There is no difference between the city and the suburb, except that inside the walls the canals are narrower. Again we were in the country, among the mulberry trees and the rice-fields, the patches of tobacco, the sepulchral mounds, with their waving bainers of high reeds, the gourds trellised on bamboo framework, and the agricultural population all at work-men and women, wvith equal energy, tr(ading at their irrigation wheels. Here is the fecret of the fertility of this great delta. Every hundred yards a little family treadwheel, with its line of tiny buckets, is erected over the canal, and the water is thrown up to refresh the mulberry trees or maature the rice. When the Arabs learn to labour like this the plain of the Metidja may become as produotive as this delta of the two rivers. AWe must have passed 10,000 people to-day engaged in this irrigation Drocess. Towards evening we arrived at the first-class city of Keashin, where I found myself surrounded by all the scum of the city. They were never hostile, but they stoop and poke out their heads and stare their very hardest at you in a close circle. They geutly lay hold on your hand to examine your ring. They beg to be allowed to remove your spectacles and make the most impertinent remarks upon the colour of your eyes. Mine are of the most ridiculous and unnatural of all colours-blue; and they are such a curiosity that a crowd of Chinamen will stare at them for half an hour without winking, but occasionally laughing heartily to each other. M1y chief persecutor at Keashin was a fellow who squinted horribly. I thought myself iustified in pointing out this fact to the crowd, and thus got rid of hjim, for there was a roar of laughter, amid which be slunk away. All this is mere curiosity. There is no feeling of hotitity to strangers. If a Mandarin were officially informed of our presence we should probably be arre,ted and sent back; the fact that no one cares to do So shows that the people feel no displeasure at our presence. After a littlei ntercourse this would all cease, but at present it is an insuif}erable affliction. I am not fastidious, but a hundred Chinamen crowding round and pushing one another close upon you is not a pleasant position. You must add, moreover, that the thermometer is standing at 100, that these ellows are all naked to the waist, and that the Cbinese are not only a cute race but also eminently a cutaneous people. Keashin is but a larger Reahing. AU these cities on the plain are just alike. At Keashin, however, we leave that network of canals which,although over $0 yards broad, are now narrowed to a channel by light bamboo partitions on each side. The enclosed sidewater is hired and cultivated as ling gardens, a water-loving root which the English call 'buffalo head," and whici the Chir me Worse, however, than the ling gardens, the huge huLks of th Imperial grain junks encumber these smal canals. Since the rebels have been eatablished at Nankin the inland communication has been stopped, and the food of Pekin goes round by sea. Many hundreds therefore of these junks have become useless. They are rotting in all directions, filling up the channels-some above water, some below, all of them in decay. They must not be broken up, or sold, or burnt-they are Imperial property. At Keashin we enter upon the Imperial canal, Between the carefully piled banks of this noble river, for it is as wide as the Thaines at Kew, we journey for three days, passing and sometimes tarrying at villages and towns and cities. It is tbe country, however, which is miost iinteresting. " God made the country aiud luan made the t town may be true in Eilgland, buthere man has as mu :h to do in making the country as in mak-ing tile city. There is no lack of objects as we pass up towed by these hardy boatmen. The irriaation wheels ara conBtantly going ; men and wvomen working under their awnig of mats. The junks and boats are netver ceasing-who shall number the vebicles for wvater-carriage which China possesses? The fisherman with his flock of fishing cormorants perched on his punt or swirmminag aftei- him is passina up under the bank, and I notice ti at if a cormorant gets a large fish which he cannoG swallow he takes it to the punit and receives someothing which his master pushes into his mouth in return for it; but if it be an eel or small fish he tries to escape with it and swaUow it, and if he is beyond the reach of the fisherman's crook he generally does so. Near the towns the banks are lined at intervals of a few hundred yards with tritamphal monuments in stone. This monument is of one type but not aways of one pattern-two upright square pillars, two or three horizontal bars bearing inscriptions, and a pediment on the top like a section of the roof of a Chinese temple. They have erected si of these at Canton to celebrate the expulsion of the English. Here they commemorate the virtues of some defunct matron. There are graves also. Sometimes these are mounds, sometimes coffins placed upon the earth, and sometimes coffins cased over with dry brickwork. Occasionally a beggar has made his home in the coffin, and comes forth from it to beg. The only Chinese objects which to the eye of Western taste are realy beautiful are the bridges that cross their canals at frequent intervals. The willow-pattern plate, so faithful in other. matters, does not do them justice. Sometimes they consist of three arches, but generally of only one. In the latter case solid masonry of carefully faced granite or limestone advances into the water from either side. In the centre springs a light and graceful arch -more than a semicircle, quite half an oval; it springs 40 feet high, and the crown of the arch has not two feet of superstructure resting upon it. There is no keystone, but the thin coping stones are out in the proper curve. The bridge itself is a terrace mounted by steps on either side at an angle of 46 degrees. The effect is very graceful and airy, and as no wheeled carriages are used in China (except wheelbarrowFs) they answer alL practical purposes. A sunset on the mperial canal, with the monuments on th4e banks, sa vis,ta of these bridges, and the mountains of Ngan'wul in the far distance, is a sight I shall remember when I look again upon Claudes and Turners. We are thankful that at last there are mountains in view; for this perpetuaal level, fat and fertile as it is, growvs depressing. It is our fifth day, and we are expecting to reach Hangeha, where all our difficultier, of transit must be expected. While writing I have passed along five miles of rural district with banks all built up, like a Parisian quay, of wrought grte, and the towing-path carried over stone bridger which cross the frequent' branches of this immense artifical navigation I despair of conveying the idea of cyclopean work, enormous traffic, patient industry, vast natural fertility, individual content, and peaceful prosperity with which this journey impresses me. The pagodas are in ruins, and where the quays have fallen there is no hand to repair them. The Imperial grain junks are rotting and the few forts are in decay. But these evidences of decrepitude in the rulers have not yet operated to affect the personal happiness which springs from fertile lands and industrious husbandmen. At the end of one of thelong straight lines of this highway we discern at last a far extending mass of houseq, whose walls exult in bright whitewash and whose roofs are aIL of old gray tiles. These houses seem to extend far back and to overspread the plain that intervenes between the bank of the canal and the highlands that form the background of our present view. This, seen through a mob of junks, moving and still, is Hangchau as it appears from the Iaperial canal. All things indicate the capital of a great province. Our old friends the Imperial grain junks have been rotting in hundredsfor the lastten miles, the canal has been of extending width, Mandarin passage boats, towed by strings of coolies, have gone by sounding their gongs and flaunting their banners, while the Mandarin looked out from his seat of honour, and from behind his fan eagerly eyed the strangers. The commercial navy of China (r1tr iang-no schooners or lorchas) were taking in paper, tea, rice, oil, bamboo baaket work, and a thousand other articles of produce. They are loading the tea here in its natural state in chests protected by matting. It is aU for Shanghai and the export-market. That is to say, It is all of that high-dried kind which wilL pass the sea. I counted 18 junks of about 200 tons each lying together ready-laden with this European necess,ity. SUBURBS OF HAGC?CAU, AUG. 1L The irrigation wheel has now entirely given way to the wharf. The banks on either side are as the banks of Thames when the river reaches the city's eastern suburb. High above roofs and masts rise two lofty poles, whose cross bars show them to be ensigns of official authority. They stand before a Large public edifice. In China all public edifices are of tnhe same pattern; josshouses and palaces and public offices might and very frequently do interchange their purposes without much alteration. The buildingbefore us hastheuisualdouble tier of shelving roofs with upturned corners, as though the original designer of this style had taken the prows of four Greek galleys and put them together, with their rostra facing to the four cardinal points. It also has a very extensive gallery,which comes out on piles into the canal, and is roofed and ornamented in proper official style, and crowded with Chinese offlcials, This buildi3ng is the celebrated " Psin Kwan," or " Ta Kwan "-the " new" or the " great" Custom-house. This is the foe of Manchester and Leeds, and Nottingham and Sheffield. This is the first lock in the ascending water-way. Here British calicoes get their first lift, to be still further lifted at very short stages. There is no escape. Here the Imperial canal ends. There are small feeders which come down from places in the neighbournood, but here the navigation ceases. There is a magnificent navigable river which rolls on the other side of the city, but with this the Imperial canal has no connexion. Such is the Imperial policy. Here at Hangehow everything must be transshipped. We pulled up at the Custom-house, and I prepared for the rigorous search which must take place. I was determined to solve this mystery of the differential duties. I had a piece of printed calico and a packet of clasp knives, and also some of my Chinese clothing, not yet worn, on the table before me. I was fully resolved to have a considerable discussion over the payment for these things. After a few moments, a man, something between the Coohe and comprador class, and without even the small pyramidal official straw hat, put his head into the boat and said, as plain as unintelligible words and significant gesture could speak, " That will do; go on."T " But tell him," roared I to A'yu, "1 that I have duties to pay." "He talkee all right." "Tell him these boxes are -all full of salt, and the boat is full of contraband goods." " He talkee no mindee." "Tell him we haven't paid the boat tolL" "He talkee bamboo boatee man." At this hint we were at once propelled from the shore, and I was left with my British produoe to mourn over the fallibility of the best laid schemes. It was quite evident now that the officials were determined to ignore our presence. I knew there was a toll that woruld amount to nearly a dollar each on our boatb; they refused, however, to take it from us. They allow us now to pass the Cus. tom-house unquestioned. They are c early treating the three Englishmen as Dogberry thought it best to treat rogues. Now I began to make frantic inquiries from Chinamen about the matter I had intended to settle myself. I am told that at this " Ta Ewan" they take 15 casb, or about three-halfpence, for a piece of China cloth, and 400 cash, or 3s., for English. A Chinaman will always give you an answer, and it will generally be the first phrase that comes into his head. I paid little attention to this assertion and should not have repeated it, but that it seems to accord with my subsequent experience. Shanghai is full of English goods; at Keahing and Keashun I saw some English " domestics ;" but after we had passed the "-Ta Kwan" I never saw anytbing English exhibited for sale, except English sewing cotton, which had penetrated even to the prilnitive city of Peh Kwan. It may be that the dities on English goods are as heavy as my Chinese infortmant says, but I must admit that I do not think the testimony worth much. We now held a council. Shall we try to invade the city or not ? Rangehow is, next to Pekin, the most zealously-guarded city in the empire. "There isHeaven above,butthereare Hangehow and Soochoo on earth," say the Chinese poets. It was for no shorttime the Imperial capital. It hasalways been essentially Chinese. Annals of nartyrdoms toll still of the massacre of 800 Christians at Hangehow. During the last war many of our kidnapped sailors were sent here as to a place of security, and butchered after a mock trial. Several Europeans have said they have been into the city, but they have Liven no more description of theplacethan if theyhal xotbeen there. They probably pamsed through ijiweltclosed chairs. Even this c.nnot be easily done. The last attempt made wat by Mlr. Edkins, and it resulted in his being taken into custody and sent back under an escort on his road to Shanghai. On the whole, it was thought wiser to go on at once to the famous lake, with its gardens of ling, its !airy tea-houses, its mighty Buddhist temples, it'i Imperial Palace, and its pagoda-crowned surrcnuiding niountains. On one side it washes the city walls, zo we shall not be far away. It is the g'ory of Rasgehow and the boast of the Celestial Empire; so it is probably much better worth seeing than the city itsclf. VILLAGE OF SEEOO, Auc-, 14. Avoiding the gates of Hangehow, and makino wide circuit, we tracked our way through devious` ditches up to a village about half a mile distant from the lake and about a mile distant from the walls of Hangehow. This village is fuU of Coolies and chairs, and its business seems to be to convey the burgesses of Hongehan about to the temples and gardens. There is no entrance into the lake for us. We lie off the village in six inches of green water. Ague and fever seem to float around. Three nights we Blept in this swamp. Our days were passed in the great Buddhist temples and in the monasteries of the Bonzes. They take us to the Temple of. the Great Buddha-a mighty bust, 40 feet high, carved out of the rock and gilt-thence to a still larger temple, where a moving pagoda and 49 colossal fdols commemorate the 49 transmigrations of Buddha. Thence across rich pleasure grounds, where strearalets ripple and some spots are shady, but where still that knife-grinding din pursues us, for- " Sole sub ardenti resonant arbuta ociadis." We are borne to the Temple of the Fish Buddha, where enormous carp grow fat in pleasant pond,. At least a thousand of them contended for our votive biscuits, and some of them weighed to a fisherman's eye quite 401b. These temples, however, great as they are in siz s snd gorgeous groteasueness, are but as little Welsh churches compared to the wonders of the " Yua Lin," the "Cloudy Forest." This is not so much a temple as a region of temples. itis suggestive of the scenes of those ancient Pagan mysteries where the faith and fortitude of neophites were tried, and their souls puri6ied by successive terrors. It is a limaestone district, abounding in cares and far-reachingdark galleries and myste. rious internal waters. These natural opportunities are improved by a priest and an altar in every cave, gigantic idols 41t into the rook in unexpectedl places, rays of heavenly light which only the faithful votary ought to be abl& to see, but which, as they come through holes bored through the hills sceptics sometimes catch sight, of; inscriptions 2,000 years old, but deepened as time wears them. The place is a abyrinth of carved rocks, a happy valley of laughing Buddhas, and Queens of Heaven, and squatting Buddhas, and hideous hooknosed gods of India. There is a nervading smell of frankincense, and the single priest found here and there in solitary places, moaning his ritual, makes the place yet more lonely; and throug,h this strange scene vou pass through narrow paths to the foot of the colossal terrace steps which mount to the great temple itself. The wild birds are flying about this vast echoing hall of Buddha ; the idols are still bigger and still more richly gilt. In the great " gallery of five hundred gods" all that can be done by art, laborious, but Ignorant of beauty, reaches its chmax. The cowled and tonsured bonzes come forth to greet us. Excellent tea and great choice of sweetmeats await us in the refectory. The wonders of this Hangehow Lake deserve better description than the object of these letters will allow me to attempt. The temple and tomb o! the faithful Minister of State, Yo Fei, occupy acres of ground and thousands of tons of monumental wood, stone, andiron. The Imperial Palace upon the lake, with its garden of rockwork and green ponds, its large library of unused books, its dim metal mirrors, richly embroidered cushions, and ricketty old chairs, opened to us with great difficulty, and under the immediate pressure of the almighty dollar. I hope some one under less imperative obllgation to eschew the merely plc. turesque and to seek only for facts which may have practical bearings may yet describe these objects. My favourite eventide occupation was to ascend one of these hills and sit at the foot of one of thesa half-burnt pagodas which stand about like blaste.l cypress trees and look down upon the Hangchow. The famous city lies like a map beneath me. Not a cur, of smoke, not a building more lofty than tha orthodox two-storied josshouse. I can follow the line of outer walls and even track the course of the inner enceinte. Marco Polo says they were 10( mfiles round, and a Chinese chronicler records that in a single conflagration, while Hangehow wa i yet the capital of China, 530,000 houses wer3 burned. These are foolish fables. Hangchow from its position never could have been much larger than it now is. It stands upo-i a slip of land about thre 5 miles wide, intervening between the river (which is wider than the Mersey and has 30 feet of water at low tide) and this lake. At one end the grounI swells into a hill,'over the crest of which the city wall passes. The shape of Hangchow, therefore, is very much that of a couch, the hill part being represented by the pillows, and being thfashionable part of the city. I can see not only public temples, but also many of those private ancestral temples, which are to a Chinese gentlemau what the chancel of his parish church is to an Enaglish squire. Little gardens, perhaps not 40 feet square, full of weeds and rockwork and little ponds; an oblong pavilion with tablets upon the wals, descriptive of the names and achievements of the ancestors,-a kneeling stool, an incense vase, candlesticks, a brazier to burn paper made in imitation of Sycee silver, andasacrificialtub-suchisa Chinaman's private chapel. Herehecomeson solemn days, and,the garden being weeded, and all things painted and renewed for the occasion, he prays and sacrifices to bis ancestors, and feasts with his friends. If the Chinaman has a superstition this is it. His Bhuddism is a ceremonial to the many and a speculative philosophy to the adept, no more. Mr. Edkine's object in visiting the temples of the lake was to hold controversy with the priests, so I had more opportunity of hearing what they really believe. than usually falls to the lot of travellers wh) cannot read the Pali books. They did not feel his arguments against idolatry. They treat their grotesque gods with as tnuch contempt a., we do. They divide the votaries int) three classes. First come the learned men who perform the ritual and observe the abstinence from animal food merely as a matter of a discipline, ba; place their reigion in absolute mental-abstraction tending to that perfection which shall fit them to b3 absorbed into that something which, as they say, faith can conceive, but words cannot describe. Secondly come those who, unable to mount to this intellectual yearning after purification from all human sentiments, strive by devotion to fit themselves for the heaven of the western Buddba, where transmigrations shall cease, and they shall for all eternity sit upon a lotus flower and gaze upon Buddha, drawing happiness from his presence. Thirdly follow the vulgar,whose devotion can rise no higher than the sensual ceremonies, who strike their foreheads upon the steps of the temples, who burn incense, offer candles made from the talow tree, and save up their cash for festival days. So far a, my experience goes, this class is confined alImo3, entirely to old women, and the priests say tha their one unvarying aspiration is that at their noet transmigration they m?y become men. Such is Buddhism as we see it in China. B:it this is not all. A Chinese poet who 8) years ago built an ugly straight down in this beautiful lake of See-hoo about the same tim invented the Ten Gods of Hell, and grafted thea upon the Buddhist faith to terrify men from crim . There is also a reformed sect of Buddhists who call themseives " Do-Nothings," and wbo place the parfection of man in abstaining from all worship, ali virtue, and all vice. When the Jesuit missionarie saw the mitres, the tonsure, the incense, the choic, aDd the statues of the Queen of Heavep they e7claimed that the Devil had been allowed to burlesqu their religion. WVe Proteatants may almost say the same. These reformed Buddhists deduce their origia from a teachier who was cruci6ed in the province uf Shanturg some 600 years ago, and they shock the missionaries by blasphemous paraUels. 1 have hear i that the present Bishop of Victoria investigated thi; sect and sent home an account of them, but, for somea reasoc, the statement was suppressed. Then we have the Taoists, orcultivators oftp3rfectreason, which is a pbilosophy havingalso it; temples and its ceremonies. We have the worshi? c-f Heaveu, which is the prerogative of the Empere:l, the same minuteness. I must not even venture to describe the sepulchre of Yu, the founder of the Hia dynasty, although it is the grandest sepulchral temple in China, and boasts an antiquity of 2,000 years, and although a fierce thunderstorm burst so cl se that there was a smell of fire and the gigantic idol trembled. Perhaps r may be permitted, however, to say that nearly 100 liueal descendants of the great Emperor who controlled the great inundations and curbed the waters of the four great rivers still live in porerty under the protection of the temple. Under the Ming dynasty they received pensions; the Tartars allow them none. Here is a pedigree, ye followers of Rollo. Enough to say of Peh-Kwan that the people asked us whether we were Siamese. They had seen the Looohooians, and we were not like them, and they knew we were not Japanese. Chao-hing is for many miles round girt with sepulchral monuments. It is to the worship of anceXtors wbat Haychan and its lake are to Buddha. AU the wharves and bridges were crowded by all the population of the place as we went through. The half-naked bodies seemed c)untless as we moved slowly throngh canals exactly-bridges, smells, and all-like some of the back canals in Venioe. We paused several nights among the most uncultivated crowds of boatmen while awaiting our turn to be dragged by windlasses over those dikes of slippery mud which in China do duty for looks. We passed other nights in passing .brough lakes and listening to the songa and cymbals which told of marriages in the viUageo on its banks. We watched the paddy harvest, examined the tallow trees, with their poplar-like leaf, their green berries, and their alder-shaped form. We saw the cotton come into flower. We fired in vain at two eagles circling round the head of a man who was accompanied by a little dog, which they wanted to carry off. We stopped and interrogated a sort of Chinese Gil Blas, who was travelling on foot (almost an unprecedented thing in China), and who carried with him all his worldly goods-a pair of blue breeches, a pjipe, and a small teapot. We investigated at Yu-Yoa the country from the top of the Citadel-hill, and in the dyer's ehop we examined the dye wherewith those everpresent blue breeches are dyed. After ten days of sight-seeing everything semed to repeat itself and to revolve like the events of the Platonic year. We became convinced at last that if we were to journey from Hangoban to Pekin, and from Pekin to Szchuen, we should find just the same arts and manners and agriculture, varied only by the exigencies of nature. On the 10th of August we arrived at Ningpo, after some discomfort and some necessity for strong doses of quinine, but after much excitement and great enjoyment. We have passed 400 miles of country not often before traversed. We have entered four first-class Chinese cities (two of them unknown to European travellers), many second-class cities which in other countries might be classed as first, and innumerable towns and villages. Throughout the whele of our journey we have received from no Chinese an uncivil word or insulting gesture. No mischievous urchin has thrown stones down upon us from any one of the hundreds of bridges we passed through. No one stopped us, and no one waylaid us. It is true that the Mandarins at Peh-Ewan sent us a message to appear at their yamun, but when we sent answer that we would endeavour to make preparation to receive their visit on board our boats, aud when Mr. Edkins had sent them a Testament, they took the evasive answer in good part, and suffered our boatmen to proceed. From this journey I draw two practical concluslons. The first is that the authorities in China are exceedingly anxious in no way to complicate their pretent disputes with England, and, holding in very wholesome terror the English name, are inclined to shut their eyes to the presence of peaceably conducted foreigners. I The second is that, unless excited by the authorities, as they have been at Canton-and as they might have been here, for had the Mandarins chosen to say we were Portuguese we should certainly have had our throats cut,-the Chinese people have nio objection whatever to the presence of foreigners in their cities Whenever, therefore, the provisions of a new treaty shall open all Ohins to every European provided with a passport from his own Consul there will be no difficulty in the English merchant carrying his own goods up the rivers and canals and into the great cities of China. The people will be glad enough to trade with him, and the authorities can, if they will, protect him. :NIKGPO, Aro. 24. This great city, with its 350,000 inhabitants, its beautiful river, and its excellent water connexion with the interior, is tho least valuable of aU our commercial stations. Neither tea nor silk is brought dowvn in any quantities, and the little tea that is prepared here is sent to Shanghai to be shipped. The importation of British and Straits produce was last year but 13G,3591. 9s., and not two-thirds of this was British manufactures. The greater security of E:uropean shipping and its comparative immunity from the pirates outside (whom I saw the other day send a whole fleet of junks back into the river) have given it some importance as a shipping port for Amoy, Formosa, Swatow, and the Straits, In 18506 198 British ships, with an aggregate of 25,606 tons, loaded here. This carrying trade is likely to increase, for the Chinese are becoming quite alive to the advantage of a stout ship and an English iflag. "Can insure?" is a question now very often in a Chinarnan's mouth, and Chinamen are rich at Ningpo. Ningpo is still in the after-throb of great excitement. The European settlement is on the side of the river, opposite to the walled city. The hong-s are not numerous nor very large, and they are mixed up with Chinese residences and large timber yards-timber is the staple of Ningpo,-and they form a rectangle, the area behind which is occupied by graves and paddyfields, but chiefly by graves. On the 2Gth of June a naval battle was fought in the river, and a massacre took place among the tombs. The story is somewhat out of date, but I must deal with it here, where alone I could do so upon a proper knowledge of the facts, because it is illustrative of the state of affairs we have to deal with in Chulia. To understand this transaction we must recollect, what it is so difficult for people iu Enigland to believe, that the whole coast of China is so infested with pirates that even a fleet of fishing boats cannot venture out without armed vessels as a convoy. The fishing boats which ply off the mouth of the river Yong pay convoy duties to the extent of $50,000 a-year; aad the wood junks that ply between Ningpo and Foochow and the other native craft raise the annual payment for protection to $200,000 (70,000l.) annually. These figures are startling, but I have taken pains to ascertain their correctness. The vessels employed in this convoy service were Portuguese lorchss. These vessels were well armed and equipped. There were no Mandariu junks and no Portuguse ships of war to cope with them or control them, and they became masters of this part of the coast. It is in the nature of things that these privateers should abuse their power. They are accused of the most frightful atrocities. It is aheged that they made descents upon villages, carried off the women, murdered the men, andburnt thehabitations. Tbey became infinitely greater scourges than the pirates they were paid to repel. It is alleged, also, that complaints to the Portuguese Consul were vain, that Portuguese sailors taken red-handed and handed over to this consul were suffered to escape from the consular prison. Rig-tly or wrongly, the Chinese thought that the Consul was in complicity with the ruffians who were acting both as convoy and as pirates. The convictions of the English and French iesidents at Ningpo do not differ from those of the Chinese; and although, having no means of guardingmy inquiries with the securities of a judicial investigation, I am unwilling to make any strong assertion, I think I may reasonably say that the honour of the (Government of Portugal is so compromised that Enropean nations, for common claracter' sake, should reqoire it to institute a searching examination into the conduct of thia othcial. The leader of the pirate fleet was-I am going back now to a titne three years ago-a Cantonese named A'Pak. The authorities at Ningpo, in their weakness, determinied to make terms with him rather than submit to the tyranny of the Portuguese. A'Pak was made a MIandarin of the third class; and his fleet-n-it altb-gether taken into Government pay, for that the Chinese could not afford-was nomninally made over to A'Pak's brother, a gentleman with a long name, whicb I cannot reimeumber. This ifeet, now t'3vt%d nominally ltqilstt bteg%n and we have the State religion, the philosophy of Confucius, which is but metaphysics and ethics. All these may form good subject of discussion to laboriously idle men, but they are of very little practica: imtportance. They are speculations,-not superstitlions. They are thought over,-they are n )t felt. They inspire no fanaticism, they create no zeal, they make no martyrs, they generate no intolerance. Tbay are not faiths that men will fight for, or die for, or even feel zealous for. Your Chinese doctor is a man of great subtlety, of great politeness, but of the coldest indifference. He is a most pacbydermatons beast, so far as the zeal of the Christian miasionary is concerned. "Do you believe in Jesns Christ ?" asks the n issionary after long teaching, patiently heard. "Certainly I do," coldly answers the hearer. "But why do you believe; are you conviuced; do you feel that what I have been saying is true ?" " f believe it because you say so " is the polite and hopeless answer. It is this which makes the earnest missionary despoad. A Chinaman has no superstition. He has notbing that can be overthrown and leave a void. He will chin his joss, burn crackers before he starts on a voyage, or light a candle for a partner or a useful clerk who may be iu danger of death. But it's only hope of "good luck" or fear of "bad luck." The feeling is no deeper t4an that which in religious and enlightened England causes so many hoi seshoes to be nailed up to keep out witches, or whichr makes decent housewives, who can read and write, separate crossed knives, throw pinches of salt over their sh'oulder, and avoid walking under a ladder. Clustered upon this hill, within the walls of Hang. chou, are temples of all these varied forms of Paganism, and perhaps within the year the same idolater has bowed minl of them. TTwo lofty green mounds are perhaps too large for mere private tombs, and mark the spot of some public heroworship ; but in other cases the architecture of the sacred and public edifices is all alike, and youi cannotdistinguish temples from Custom-houses or Mandarin offices. CRA.O-HqG, AuG. 15. Having made carefual survey of the environs of Hangehou, we now determined to attack the city. With a retinue of 12 chair-bearers and 10 coolies, who followed with our baggage, we left our boats during the midday heat, and skirting the border of the lake reached the wall of the city. Here we shut ourselves up, and Mr. Edkins, profiting by former mishaps, instructed the party to avoid the Tartar part of the city and the Manchoo gate. It was an exciting moment when the first palanquin pa3ssa under the city gate. From behind my exaggerated fan I could see a fat Chinese official, who was evidently on duty, but who had his back turned to us. The rascal pretended he was quite unaware of our presence. I found out afterwards that he knew that three Englishmen were passing in just as well as we did. I breathed more freely when the gate was passed, and when we became entangled in the narrow streets. They bore Us through the dirtiest parts of the town, and passed the Yamun, or police-office, known by the horrible Imperial lion scrawrled in paint, upon the opposite wall. The people soon began to run together. The blinds of the chairs were suficiently transparent to allow them to see there was something unusual; perhaps the fact of the chairs being closed was enough in itEelf. Then we grew bolder and opened the blinds, and, although the crowd pressed to see, there was no hostile demonstration. At last we got to a better part of the city, we boldly descended, and found ourselves in the streets of Hangchou. WVe now bade one of the coolies guide us to the upper part of the city, while the chairs followed. We Dassed several curiosity shops, where there were some few things I should have bought, but, alas I our expensea had so far exceeded our expectation that we were already afraid our funds would fall short-a contingency which actually occurred, for we had to borrow of a Chinese innkeeper. I noticed that in one of the curiosity shops an English beerbottle was placed among the vases in a post of honour. As we ascended the hill we passed a tea-house, which was the first I had seen in China having;any pretensions to ornament. This was evidently the Verey of Rangchou.A Mandarin chair was following us, and we drew up to allow the gentleman to overtake us. In evident perturbation he stopped his chair and went into one of the temples, where le doubtless expended some cash in incense to be deliered from the barbarians. We were now among josshouses and private residences which I had seen from the Pagoda hill, and from the terrace we could see down into the courts and houses of the lower city. It was a holyday in Hangchou. There were shows going on. We had heard much firing in the morning, and we now learnt that there had been a review of 8,000 troops, and our informants added with much laughater that one of the evolutions had been to m alke the soldiers charge right into tho river up to their armpits. In this part of Rangchou we were less thronged than I had ever been bsfore in China. There was no apparent obstacle to our going where we pleased or doing what we pleased. We did not venture into the theatre, for we knew by experience, at a singsong on the bank of the lake, that the Chinese ladies, with their smart robes, their painted faces (white and red upon their cheeks and vermilion on their lips, little enamelled stars beside their eyes, and black upon their eyebrows), would almostjumap out of their boxes with fright; while the populace would throng about us, and the actors would stand still and stare like the rest. Being a little overcome by the Fun, I strolled away by myselfl back to the teahouse, and took my place at a little table as complacently as I should on one of the boulevards; the tea was exquisite,-that slightlydried, smnall, green leaf which you never can taste in England; for tea will not keep or pack or stand the voyagre unless burnt up to the state of insipidity in which we get it. A poet Emperor of China, Ehian-Loung, has not disdained to sing the praises of tea, and, like a practical Chinaman, he teaches us how to make it:- "Graceful are the leaves of mei-hoa, sweetly scented and clear are thoeleaves of fo-cheon. Bat place upon a gentle fire the tripod whose colour and form till of a far antiquity, andafill it with water of molten snow. Let it 8e tbe tiU it wonld be hot enough to whiten fish or to redden a crab. Then pour it into a cnp made from the earth of yuo upon the tender leaves of a melected tea-tree. Let it rest till the mists which freely riso have formed themselves into thicker cloudE6 and until thlese have graduaUy ceased to weigh upon the surface, and at last float in their vapour. Then sip deliterately the delicious liquor. It will drive away all the five causes of disquietade whioh come to trouble us. You may taste, and you may feel ; but never can you express in words or song that sweet tranquillity we draw from the essence thus prepared." I sipped and was refreshed; but the sweet tranquillity was not mine. The curious teadrinkers pressed around me, and there was a waiter whose nature it was to walk about with a kettle of boiling water, and whose unconquerable instinot compelled him to fill up my cup whenever it was getting three degrees below boiling point and was becoming possible to drink. The people were very good-tempered, but they came very close and the day was very hot. I was so strict in my Chinese costume that they could find nothing to wonder at but my physique and my pith hat. They made the most of these. If I had been dressed in European costume I believe they would have undressed me in their ardent curiosity Meantime our coolies and luggage had been stopped at the gate we passed through. The officials told my man that we had acted wrong in not presenting our cards and the Foo.tei'g pass; bnt it was not their business, but that of another officer, to stop foreigners. They do not wish to stop Englishmesn's luggage, but looked into the servants' boxe3. They asked where the Englisbmen were gone, and were satisfied wvhen told that we had gone up the hill " to chinchin Joss." All this talk about car3s and passes was of course Chinese tarradiddles, buit it shows that the Chinese authorities were perfectly aware that they had three Englishmen among them. I could find no silk weaving in the city, but there must be quarters lik-e the suburbs of Lyons, for this is the very centre and depOt of tbe silk district. After several hours in Hangehoui we got into our chairs again, and passed through the oppasite gate of the city along a dirty faubourg and over a flat to the Tsien-tang river, which is here about two miles vide. There is a little Custom-house, but no ships and no commerce. Hangchoi evideitly depends upon its inland trade, and seeks no comnmuinication by sea. As wve crossed the broad river I looked back up this picturesque city, and felt that its enivirons were as familiar as those of Liverpool, Chelteihamn, or Richmond. We had five days' journey yet before us, the greater part through country even less visited than Hangchou itself. I should grow intolernll3e, however, were I to describe the rest of the route with to compete with the Portuguese for the convoy business* end, their business bving stow tomlerably respectable, they were joined by *several English, Anmerican, and French deserters from ships-of-war and merchanlt veesol This has been the position of the two parties for the last three years. The fishermen and carrying junks, glad to be rid of the P(I'tugueae yoke, gradually transferred their custom to the Cantonese fleet, and the Portug ese, hungry aud furious, became nnore acive in their piracies, and attacked the Cantonese 3bips wben they could get them at an adv4aage, and murdered their crews with circumatgce3 of great atrocity. The Cantonese do not look upon the Portuguese as Europeans. rhey have not the same fear of them. T'hey can fight them man to man. Macaa would have been taken by the Chinese long since had they not dreaded the interference of the other Western Powers. After a few of these very sanguinary pr.,vocations A'Pak-not, it is believed, without the concurrence of the Taoutai of Ningpo, determined to destroy this Portuguese convoy fleet. For this purpose A'Pak's brother collected his snake boats and convoy junks from along the whole coast, and assembled about 20 of them and perhaps 500 men. The Portuguese were not long hearing of these preparations, but they seem to have been struck with panic. Some of their vessels went South, some were taken at the mouth of the river. Seven lorchas took refuge up the river opposite the Portuguese Consulate. TLe sailors on board these lorchas landed some of their big guns and put the Consulate in a state of defence, and perhaps hoped that the neigbbourhGod of the European houses and the character of the Consulate would prevent an attack. Not so. On the day I have above mentioned the Canton fleet came up the river. The Portuguese Consul immediately fled. The lorchas fired one broadside at them as they approached, and then deserted their vessels and made for the shore. A bout 200 Cantonese, accompanied by a few Europeans, followed these 140 Portuguese and Lanilla men ashore. A fight took place in the streets. It was of very short duration, for the Portaguese behaved in the most dastardly manner. The Manilla men showed some spirit, but the Portuguese could not even persuade themselves to fight for their lives behind the waaUs of their Consulate. The fortified house was taken and sacled by these Chinamen, the Portuguese were pursued among the tombs where they sought refuge, and 40 of them were shot down or hunted and butchered with spears. The Capricieuse French frigate now came up the river, fired upon the Cantonese who were sacking the Consul's house, and put an end to the conflict. The French captain received on board the Portuguese Consul, not r am told with great cordiality, and also the fugitives who had escaped the massacre. The latter he conveyed as prisoners to Macao to be tried as pirates. Merciless as this massacre was, and little as is the choice between the two sets of combatants, it must be owned that the Cantonese acted with purpose and discipline. Three trading Portuguese lorchas which lay in the river with their flags flying were not molested; and no European, not a Portugaese, was even insulted by the infuriate butchers. The stories current of Souero and his Portuguese followers rivalled the worst of the tales of the bucaniers, and public opinion in Ningpo aud the foreign settlemnent was strongly in favour of the Cantonese. T'he Chinamen lost only two Chinese. One vagabond Englishman fighting on their side was shot by a MIanilla man. After the departure of the Capricieuse the Portuguese brig of war, the Mondego, came up the river, accompanied by about 12 Portuguese lorchas, and made formal demands of the Toutai that the captured lorchas should be restored and other restitution made. Tbe Toutai replied that the two convoy fleets must settle their own quarrels, fcr he had nothing to do with them. The Portuguese and the Cantonese then made ready for a fight, and the general opinion was that the Cantonese would have again been victorious. Meanwhile, however, Commander Dew in the Nimrod had steamed up the river. He sent a message to the Portuguese Commander to say that his instructions were to remain entirely neutral, and if the bria was about to attack h- would move his ship out of the line of fire, but that if the Nimrod or the houses British residents on the river were struck by shot it would be his duty to interfere. The 3ondego and her concert lorchas immediately departed for Shanghai. The Canton fleet is still either engaged in convoying or a,, anchor in the river; and, to the great comfort of the merchants and the missionaries, so also is the N imrod. I do not for a moment seek to implicate the Portuguese nation in the crimes of these IMacao ruffians, except so far as that it was the duty of Portuzal to prevent such deeds. But these circunstaances Suggest serious considerations in conne.xion with ouir next treatv with China. They show how i mportant and how diffictult is the question of policeing the coast and exterminating piracy ; they show also how important it is that the great European Powers should exercise a strong control over such lawless vagabonds as those who acted with the Cantonese ; they also suggest very grave considerationa how far it may beright to extend to small and not veryconscientious Governments like that of Portugal the treaty-privileges which England is about to ask, not only for herself, but for all other civilized nations. A circumstance has just occurred which still fiurther illustrates the great impolicy of allowing European vagabonds to be uncontrolied in this country. "equcezing" has become so intolerab!e in this province that a large city not 40 miles distant is in rebellion. Every power in China " squeezes." The Toutai sends forth to " squeeze,' the Canton fleet sends out to " squee7e, and squeezing parties are undertaken upon private account. A few days since an Irishman, accompannied bv some Chinese, went into the interior to one of the villages where I had passed the previous night, upOn, it is alleged a squeeziDg expedition. V hile there he accidentally shot one of his Chinese companions. Deligih`ed with this opportunity of "getting the law on their side," the populace rose, seized the lrishmnan, bound him as though he hsd been a wild beast which no thongs could make harmless, and sent him up-after severe debate among themselves whether they should not behead him on the spot-to the Toutai oE Ningpo. He arrived hero in a terribly maceratel condition, and claimed the protection of the British Consul. Do;ubtless it became the Consul's duty to grant this protection, and the man is now in Dr. Parker's hospital. SmaU advantage, however, will be derived by any British nierchant from any treaty which may " open up China," if China is to be opened up to European brigands. There must be some arrangement among the European Powers upon this matter.
PASSENGE1RS FROM INDIA, The Peninsulsir and Oriental Company's stearmship Co. lombo, Captain Field, 3ith the homeward India and China mails, left Ajexandrii on the 218t inst., at 6 a.nm., and MLalta on the 2ath, and may be looked, for at Southampton on the 3d or 4th proximo. Her passengor list is as fvA. From Hongkoni.-Lieutenant hi8 Royal &ghnes the Prince Victor of Roheulobe, Lieutenant Collinson, R.th Mr. Self, Ensign Telford, 59th RegimenLt Mr. Woedgates, Comrander Chambers, R.M., Lieutenant Wili;ams, R.N,, Leutenant Autey, R N., and Mr. Gerrard. From Singapore.-Captail Norris. From Penang.-Mrs, Braddell and tbree children. From Calcutta.- Ars. ETliott, two children, and European servant, Lieutenant Pixsley, MAs. Sampron, AM. Swiney and three children, Mrs. Norris, Mr. Heatheote, Mrs. O'Donnell, Captain Dunbar's child, lMiss Pittar, Captain Hurehclijffe, Mrs. Bumbery, Mr. Newall, Mr. Tboms, Iir. Maxton, Captain Murray, Mlr. M'Manus, Miss Webb, Mr. G. C. Spakes (chief officer, Peninsular and Oriental Company's steamker Nubia). Messrs. G. Chandler, J. Lee, and J. Lee (stewards of the Nubia). hroii Madras.- Mrs. Tunis, two children, and Eurnpean servant, Mr. G L. Yorris, Lieutenalt Ta; ter, Miss W ooabridge, 3&kinr.4 (eneral Strat'on, Miss Darke, Alrs. Parker and two clmiidretl, Mr. Parker and strvanT, Mr. Siachenzv, and Mr. Seiveir. From Ce3lon.-Mr. Aftiek, Mr. Brown and servant, LIeuteuant Hasted, Rev. Mr. and M:rs. Tarleton, H. J. Yeoman (apprentice Nuhia). Flrom Bonihav-.- Mr. and Mrs. Clough and servant and six ohildren, Mrs, Drummond and two children, iMr. Younghusband, Mr. Baker, Miss Gr.ham, Lieutenant Tavlor, Mrs. Galbay, chbld, and servant, Almrs. Trever, irs. h,uter and child, Mrs. Stebhouse and two children, Mrs. Cloete and servant, Mrs. WNallis threeehildren, and servant, Mrs. Adankson and cbild, Mrs. Seaward, Mr. and Mr. Owens and three children, Captain Roskell, and the foUow. irg persons engaged in the Peninsular and Ori&ntal Comrwn4service : - Mel, V. Dod, J. 1awis, R. Tauniness, J. TvA, R,Mansell, ~U~~y n Chapman, Total, 115,
EASTl LONDON BAGaED SCHOOL AND REFUGE. The third annual public meeting of this society was held last evening in the large room of the Whitechapel Soclety, under the presidency of the Lord Mayor. The reportstated that the society was first esSablished in September, 1854, and the refuge was opened in March, 1856, with a view to preserve the hoys under the charge of the society from the contamination of the streets and low lodginghouses. Such had been the sutcess of the institution that the present location in High-street, Whitechapel, had been found insufficient, and the committee are now in treaty for more extensive premises in which to carry on their operations upon a more enlarged scale. Since the opeDing of the refuge (9 boys had been admitted, of whom only 22 now remain, the 47 having emigrated, been placed in situations, or had returned to their former habits. The society had since its commencement employed 412 boys, of whom there were upon an average at work during the first year 20, during the second 30. and in the third 45. The earnings of the boys were 3831 6s. lOd. in the first year; 61G0. 14s. 4d. during the second; and 7351. 2s. 2d. in the third year. The society also employed at present 30 boys in addition to those resident in the refuge. The report went on to state, that it is desirable " to provide residence and board for a greater number of the boys in their employ, when they trust that a larger proportion of those who are admitted to fts benefits will be rendered useful members of society. To effect this it wiU be necessary to take preraises sufficiently large to accoinmodate 60 to 80 boys, to fit up the dormitories, to provide tools and materials for bruslhmaking, tailoring, and shoesnaking, to pay superintendents for teaching the boys these trades, in addition to the ordinary working staff of a shoeblack society and refuge. As it is necessary that they should, have at least 700. in hand to carry out these objects, and as a further sum of 4501. requires still to becollected, they desire to impress on their supporters and the friends of the destitute poor at large the necessity for further contributions," A prayer having been offered by the Rev. Mr. Garbett, and the report read by Mr. Wise, the secretarv, The LORD MAYOR addressed the meeting. He congratulated them upon the satisfactory nature of the report, which ahowed how unfounded were the fears of those who, wben this and similar institutions were first projected, doubted the possibility of making effecthal provision for the destitute children of the metropolis. The effect of those Institutions had been not only to redeem children iroin evil courses, but to create In them a self-respect and a proper spirit of industry and uprightness. He had been nmuch gratified by a circumstance which occurred the previous day, when two boqs belonging to the Blue Brigade -%ited upon him and, mn the name of their companions, presented as a subscription to the Indian Mutiny Relief Fund the sum of 12s. ld., which had been collected among Ohemselves. (Hear, hear.) The Lord Mayor then urged upon the meeting to support the society, which had alrealy performed so much good. aud which was capable of performing so much more. (HIear.) Dr. T_RIPm moved the adoption of the report, aud, after giving a brief historv of the rise and progress of the society, observed that the Shoeoblack Society was noarly self-supporting, but the aid of the publio was required to maintain the refuge for destitute boys. It was intended to employ a number of the lads now in the refuge as crossing sweepers, and they had donned their professional uniform for the first time that evening. ConsideriDg that out of a total number of 69 boys received into the refuge 45 had been reclaimed from evil habits, he thought the result was highly encouraging, and that it would be good policyto take no higher ground-for the public to support institutions which converted boys frora gaol birds into useful members of sooiety. (Hear, hear.) As one of the treasurers to the Boys' Bank, he could speak of the provident spirit which had been aroused among them. The fund in his and Mr. Hanbury's (his co-treasurer's) hands amounted to upwards of 44., one boy alone having a snum of 51. to his credit. MIr. MrZCUELL having seconded the motion, the report was adopted unanimnously. Mr. Alderman WIREa moved the second resolution - T'lNat thia society is entatled to the support of the public at 13rge, as it is one of the great meaus of dimitiebinp cmime and pauperism asod alo the p ;rochial and county rates, by aff rding emplmtent to the neglecte i and abandoned poor boys of thib vast metropo&i i The worthy alderman expatiated upor the great public benefits which accrued from the operation of such societies as the one whose Interests they had met to promote, and argued that it would be a more economical proceeding to contribute to the support of institutions which trained boys in habits of honesty and happiness than to pay in rates and taxes for the punishment of those who by neglect had become the pests of society. The Rev. B. GARBETT seconded the resolution, which was agreed to unanimously. Mr. J. PAYNE and other gentlemen addressed the meeting, and after a vote of thanks to the Lord Mayor the proceedings terminated, a collection being made at the doors. THF CArE COMOY EMICRATION CO 'ISSIONERg AND AGENTZ.-An extensive emigration to the Cape is ,bout to commence. By the last accounts from the colony w. s learn that the emigration offices have been filled. The Hro. x William Field, Collector of Customs, and member of the 1I eeutive Council, has been appointed Emigration Commissio. ser for the colony of the CaDe of Good Hope. Mr. W'illiamn CaCruthers, E[agel Kraal, inthedivision of Caledun, J.P., ecQ Mr. William Way, late district surgeon at Bnrghersdi tft have been appointed agents in England for the colony for 8L'ugration Purpoice, The SUQI of 60,0001f hsg keen voted to defray the passage of emigrants frosa gEeat Britain to the Ch pe.CiV2 &ViCe Guziqt.
CANTBAL ORIMINAZ COURT, Oct, 30. OLD COURT. (Before Chief Baron POLLOCIO, Mr. Baron MLuArne, anl 2fr. Jusliec WILLES.) THE CASE OF DE SALVI. When the learned judges had taken their seats upon the bench, Antonia de Salvi, aged 29, described as a servant, was placed at the bar to take his trial for the wilful murder of Robert Henderson Robertson. Mr. Bodkin and Mr. Clark conducted the prosecution. Mr. E. James, Q.C., and Mr. Serjeant Parry were specially retained, with Mr. Ml'Mahon, to defend the prisoner. Before the trial commenced a long technical discussion took place upon a plea of autrefois acquit that was put ia by the prisoner at the last session. It will be recollected that before the death of Mr. Robertson took place the prisoner was tried upon an indictment which charged him, in one count, with wounding that person with intent to murder him, and in another with committing the same aot with intent to do grievous bodily harm, and the jury acquitted him of the more serious portion of the charge and found him guilty upon the second count, and he was thereupon sentenced to be kept in penal servitude for 15 years. Mr. Robertson died very shortly after this had occurred, and, the coroner's jury having returned a verdict of wilful murder against the prisoner, he was arraigned upon that charge at the September session, when a plea of outrefois acquit was put in on his behalf, it being alleged that inasmuch as the jury bad on the former oocasion aoquitted him of the intent to murder he ought not a second time to bs put upon his trial for what was alleged to be the same offcnce. The discussion that took place upon this point of law was of a purely technical character and was not of a nature to interest the public, and the COURT, without calling upon Mr. Bodkin to reply to the arguments adduced by the counsel for the prisoner, unanimously decided that the plea of au-refois acquit could not be supported under the circumstances before the Court, each of the learned judges giving a distinct opinion that the plea of autrCefois acquit was only intended to apply where the charge brought forward on the second occasion was entirely identical with the oharge upon which the prisoner was formerly acquitied. A jury, composed half of foreigners, was then impanelled and the trial was proceeded with. Mr. BODKIN, in opening the case. said, that the subject of inquiry had obtained so much notoriety, owing to the nature of the case itself and the various proceedings that had taken place in connexion with it, that he felt it quite unnecessary to give any lengthened detail of the circumstances under vwhich the chargo wvas preferred, and he would merely observe that the jury ought not to allow anything they had heard or read upon the subject to prejudice their 3udgment, and that upon the evidence laid before them, and upon that alone, they ought to form their conclusions as to the guilt or innocence of the prisoner. Witnesses were then examined who proved very briefly the facts in connexion with the charge that have been so frequently before the public. The deceased, it wIll be remembered was confined in the Queen's prison at the suit of the prisoner, and It appeared that on the 8th of July, by an appointment that was made by Mr. Thompson, who was De alvi's attorney, he, and a gentleman named Gower, who was also one of Robertson's detaining creditors, went to the prison with a view to make some arrangement under which he might obtain his release. The prisoner and Robertson, it appeared, during the interview got into a very angry altercation, and the latter, at length, denied having had any money from De Salvi, and said that it was a person named Brown who had had It ; the prisoner, upon this, it appeared, made an attack upon the deceased while he was sitting on his chair, and at first the persons in the room thought that he was striking bim with his fists, but it turned out that he had a dagger knife in his hand, and with that weapon be inflicted a number of severe wounds upon the unfortunate man. One of these penetrated the spine, and the force of the blow broke off about two inches of the point of the knife, which remained iiobedded in tne spine and produced immediate paralysis, and after lingering in great suffering until the 20th of August, he died from the effects of this injury. The prisoner did not deny that he bad committed the crime, and the broken knife was picked up close to the spot where he was stopped and taken into custody. Mr. James did not attempt to dispute any of the facts connected with the attack upon the deceased, and the only material circumstance elicited by him in cross*esamiDation was that the deceased had obtained possession of about 5001. from the prisoner, that sum being nearly the whole amoant of the SaVingS of his life. lir. JAIMES, at the close of the case for the prosecation, made a most powerful appeal to the jury on behalf of the pnsoner. He said they would have observed that he and is learned friend, whose able assistance he had on the Prosent occasion, had put very few questions to the witnesses, because they did not for a moment attempt to deny that it was by the hand of the prisoner that this unfortuIate mar. Robertson met his death, and the only point he should ask them to consider was whether they did not think that suNicient had already been done for the interests of justice in this matter, and that under the circumstances their duty did not require them to return a verdict declaring that the prisoner had oommitted the offence of wilful ard deliberate marder, and that they would be justified in finding him guilty of the lesser offence of manslaughter only. He said that there was not the least evidence that the act was premeditated on the part of the prisoner; on the contrary, It had been distinctly proved that he would not have gone to the prison at all on this unfortunate day, if the appointment had not been made for him to do so by his attorney, Mr. Thompson. The learned counsel then called the attention of the jury to the position of the prisoner, and to the fact that this man 0Robertson appeared to have deprived him of nearly the whole of the savings of his life, and then insulted him by saying that some other person, and not he, had had the money, and he said that there could be no doubt that in a sudden paroxysm of passion the prisoner committed the act of which he was accused. He did not mean to deny that according to the strict letter of the law the offence oi the prisoner amounted to wilful murder, but it was the province of the jury to temper justice with mercy, and to look at all the circumstances that surrounded a case of this description, and, if they felt that the version he had given of the prisoner's conduct was the correct one they ought not to stamp him as a deliberate murderer, and to place him on a level with many whose footsteps were imprinted on the dock where he was now standing, but the nature of whose crimes was of a totally different character. The learned counsel concluded a most able speech by reminding the jury that the prisoner was under sentence of a long period of penal servitude, a punishment probably worse than death, and the terrible nature of which might already be traced in his emaciated and miserable appearance. That punishment was one which for many long years he would have to undergo, and the personal sufferiDgs he would endure would be aggravated by the remorse which he so deeply felt at having been the cause of depriving a fellow creature of existence. Lord Granville, in whose service the prisoner had been, was examined as a witness to his character, and he spoke of him as being an amiable and kind-hearted young man. He habd,however, he said, on some occasions seen him exhibit a little temper. The Rev. Mr. Goddard, the rector of Eartham, in Sussex, in whose service the prisoner had also been, gave similar evidence as to the character of the prisoner. The CHiEF BARON then addressed a few observations to the jury in reference to the charge, and said th,t, it being admitted that the prisoner had been the cause of the death of the deceased, the only question for the jury was, whether that act smounted to the crime of wilful murder or anslaughter, and it certainly could not be reduced any ,ver than the laat-mentioned crime. Eis Lordship then called the attention of the jury to the facts, and sa that he was bound to tell them that he could not see anything in the case that would in law reduce the act of the prisoner below the offence of wilful murder, but it was their province to decide upon the facts, and if they should be of opinion that there were circumstances in the case that would justify them in finding the prisoner guilty of the lesser offence, they were at liberty to do so. The jury, after a few minutes' deliberation, found the prisoner Guilty of manslaughter. Sentence was postponed. Jos6 de Bosorio, 23, was Indicted for the wilful murder of George de Martas. The prisoner, being a Spaniird, was also tried by a partly foreign jury. Mr. Sleigh conducted the prosecution. The prisoner was defended by Mr. Robinson, through the instrumentality of the Spanish Ambassador, and some gentlemen attachIs of the Spanish Legation were present during the trial. The prisoner, it appeared, was a seaman, and the doceaed was a Greek wbo kept a lodginghouse in the neighbourhood of Tower-hill. The occurrence in question took place on a Sunday night, in Neptune-street, a low place at the east end of the town; and it appeased that the prisoner, the deceased, and some girls of bad character were in company together, and a dispute arose between them on account of the prisoner slapping the face of one of the girls. The deceased, it apeared, interfered upon his doing so, and the prisoner said he would fight him either in the English, French, or Spanish fashion, and a scuffle took place between them, during which the prisoner was seen to mske several rapid blows at the deceased, who fell, exclaiming that he was stabbed. The prisoner theuran away. hut waspursued and taken into custody, and, on his being told that he was c5arged wilth stabbing a man, he replied '"Yes, me stab blom twice," The deceasee was conveyed to his own house, where it was discovered that he had received no less than seven stabs in differents parts of his person, one of which had penetrated the heart and caused death a few minutes afterwards. The jury found the prisoner Guilty of manslaughter. Sentence was deferred. NEW COURT. (Before the RECORDER.) Frederick Da'wson, 85, clerk, pleadeda" Guilty"' to embezzling the sum of 1cl., the monies of Augustus Shaw, his master. Mr. TiomPrsoN informed the Court the prisoner had been engaged as common law clerk to the prosecutor at a salary of 1. ner annum. He entered the service upon the 9th of Octobor, and upon the 14th was intrusted with a check for tlh amount laid in the indictment, with which he absconded. He was sentenced to two years' imnprisonment. John Barry, 40, agent, was indicted for uttering a forged acceptance to a bill for 671. 10s., with intent to defraud George Wellington Bracher. Mr. Payne prosecuted, and Mr. Metealfe defended. It appeared that the prosecutor had diecounted the bill in question, which purported to be accepted by a solicitor named PelL The bill arrived at maturity upon the 30th of August, and for about a week after that the prisoner was continually at prosecutor's; but the bill not being taken up. Mlr. Bracher communicated with Mr. Pell, who at once re. pudiated the acceptance. Prisoner, however, persisting that it was genuine, an action was commenced against that gentleman, but the prisoner having keptoout of the way the suit was not proceeded with, and the police were instructed to apprehend the prisoner, which they did at his own house, but not until he had tried to escape over the back wall. He was found Guilty, and sentenced to 6 years' penal ser. vitude. Jn the qouii of tho 4aT, upoii the Grand Jury being dis. eharged, the forerman complained of the very miserable accomnodation which the grand jary room afforded them, and expressed a hope that seme alteration would be made. The RECORDER said he was sorry to hear such a bha account of the plaoe, as he was about holding a court in it. Mr. PAYNK said the plzoe was not fit for any business to be transacted in, and all the bar entertained that opinion. (Before Afr. Baron MARTIN.) John Franklin, 39. horse dealer, was indicted for uttering a forged order for the pyment of '2701., with intent to defraud Sir Peter Laurie and others. r. Sleigh nd Mr. O-ridge prosecuted, and Mr. Rebton The evidence adduced against the prisoner proved that upon Saturday, the 26th of September, the prisoner, in Finsbur-square, asked a lad named Charles ilennen to go to the union Bank for him, and present a note. The lad did so, and received a check-book, which he took back and gave to the prisoner, who was waiting. The prisoner gave the lad Is., and told him to tmeet him again at tbe eame place on Monday. The note which the lad had taken purported to cosne from Mr. Judah Levi Hewley, who kept an account at the bank; and contained a request that a blank check-hook might be sent by the bearer. The lad having communicated these facts to his friends, the bank was made acquainted with them. The result was that a police.constable wac sent to watch the lad on Monday, when he again went to Finsbury-square. The prisoner did not come, but inthe course of that day appeared at the bank and presented the check in question, when he was takon into custody. The jury found the prisoner Guilty, and sentence was deterred. THIRD COURT. (Before the COMMON SERJENT.) John Williams, 32, clerk, was indicted for burglary in the dweullng-house of Sampson Copestake, and stealing a quantity of augar, some coats and other articles of wearing apparel; aso a brass weighing-machine, the property of ir H. Muggeridge. AMr. Caarteen proseouted. It appeared that the prosecutor, a warehousernan at St. Andrew's-hill, had his premises broken into ancd a good deal of property stolen, and from the warehouse of Mr. Alder. man Muggeridge, whilch adjoins, the weighing machine was also taken. Tho prisoner the next morning offered some of the property for sale to a Mrs. Hind, a wardrobe keeper, who, having some suspicions aPbout the prisoner, informed the police, who took the prisoner into custody, with some of the property upon him. The jury found the prso1er (Suiity, and a former conviction having been proved, he was ordered to be kept in penal servitude for eight y ears. FOURTH COURT. (Before the RECORDER.) UJpon Mr. Baron MARTIN taking his seat in the New Court, a court was formed in the Grand Jury-room. James Roberts, attas Rutty, 29, engine-driver, and James Bands, 32, clerk, were indicted for stealing a travelling-case containing wcaring apparel, valued at 601., the property of Gottlieb Adolph Frendenthal. Mr. W. Cooper prosecuted. The robbery was one of a most impudent character. The prosecutor is a German merchant, living at Dalston, and his daughters having been to Hamburg were coming from the St. Katherine's Docks in a cab, the trunk, a very large and heavy one, being upon the top, and while passing through S?italfields, Bands was seen to quit the back of the cab with the trunk, hut was stopped, although Rtoberts tried to prevent him being followed. T±hey were both conlvicted. Batnds was sentenced to four years' penal servitude, and Roberts to two years'l imprisomnment.
[Adverbiaement.I...CaPture of Delhi, with Frlhtf nll Lost otbo the tii neera-FIglhtof the int and hisI'AmlY In iklgnl1e-Llst of the Bzitish Officers Hlled and WOndrl-Generaf Wilmo's Order tothe AssantJngTroopG-tbe Riting In Scinde-Defeat of Sikhs-New Advanoe, upon Lunknow-Bombiy COcnsplres-Daufer In Cestral 'india-Inurerectlon Of Aea"mthe OlId Lady, in a* rntta-Work house Llv es e-Dswa .oOm MNode v. Sire netMS0-lountr de Morny on Political Morallty.-the Juni's verdict on the Waterloo Mytey the Electric Telegrraph Libel C'ese: ImportantTi-Mr Fafleresi L~w ondo Now.000 ]Pevmo UnemploYed, is. See Lloyd's Weekly London Newrea edj by Blanchard jlerrld. Average weekly vale IE-0NO stal 'ad 843 (oai, 60cOlomns Of the megt varied apDA siakugtenratinhgeInstetlJgeenrlal' Prin,ted by Hoes fast American I ~ mchin at te sae Of 5D1O coples Der hoer, thereby enbigtePbUcatlon of newe to the latest moment (muchl later tha otber &pr.* lo d,faynw et A coxm [AdverUement]..The Waterloo-bridge Murder.-A drawing of the human remains fgrmd, with traclega of the seining porhone, and Dr. Taylor's fanl report on the *-ae, Is published in the "Wediral Timlmudn Gazette" of this day, October3l. with Psprew 0n Mle Uteras and M'lte&-.On Britisht and Azlatio Cholera-Notes on London Ho.71tl PFtc e-Articles on Hospital glections In London and Blrmingbam-41,e newr Serje.nt S'.trgeou-the Code Miedical and the Coe Moral-thle Undergouind AborminatIons of Londem. withso v'lws. torelainedlcIno, oorresponidene, sodaall the medical newsarned ~arpointmenI t thg week. Price, 7d. -suamped Sd John Churchill, xi tMWoe~ 44 in1,kVtlir, nqnwmp
COUBT OF BARKRUPTCF, Basi7tghaWStred Oc4. 30. -. - - I~N llE JOEN THORfltTRV. (Before Mfr. CommiSJoier FAWNE I 0LLe DDanXapr Wa a bookbinder, of No. 3,Pleydell-street, ' eet-street. His accounts xhow unsecured creditora 1,3604 and loses 7601., upoll premi6es at Aldershott, includinga tbeatre and publiciiouse. This was the certificate MEeOting. The COsasISSIONNEt said, the bankrupt, a bookbinder, would appear to have been guilty of the enormous folly of turninepubican, &c. Mr. LUCAS, for the bankrupt, said he had in early life been a pubhcan. Owing to the breaLing out of the Indian war and 10,000 troops sulddenly leaving Aldershott, the bankrupt's receipts had been only shillings where they had prteviously been pounds. The COMISS10SER.-E[e may take a first-class cer- IN RE ,T5T, TMD R, AND CO. In reference to this case, as reported in Te Times of Monday, a request that it be published in extenso cannot be acceded to. The most cavial reader of the report must perceive that, so far from Mr. Edward Yates having been guilty of that technical offence, as referred to by the counsel for the assignees of Tilden Smith-in legal phrase, a fraud upon the stamp laws, by allowing himself to be satisfied with the endorsement of a new namo upon the old promisrary note for 3,0001., as glving him alleged additional security, but which was held in law to have voided the bill altogether, he was the innocent sufferer from or victim of any offence that may have been committed. IN RE CATERL ThebanLrapt carried on an extensive business at Ware as a maltster. This was the adjourned examination meeting. The accounts of Messrs. Butler and Cannings show-debts and liabilities, 30,0001.; assets, nil Mr. Rees appeared for the assignees; Mr. G. Smith for the bnrpt. It was stated by Mr. RES that the Crown had obtained all the assets of the estate under an extent for malt duty. A rter portion of the property had been taken possession of y Mra. Ann Cater, the uankrupt's mother, who had purchased it from the sheriff, and it was supposed that the bankrupt had found the mnoney for these purchases. This conclusion was confirmed from a belief that Mrs. Cater was not by any means a lady of property. The Co.mssioNrxs said, he considerod that the matter was in a very unsatisfactory state. There were debts to the amount of 30,0001., and there was not a sixpenco for any creditor. ;r. REEs added that another suspicions circunstsnce was, that although the Crown found nothing under the first extent they were successful in obtaining 3,2.571. under the second. Upon being charged, the bankrupt stated that the amount in question had ben won at horse races, and that he had given it to his sons for their own use, Mr, :Rees stated that the adjudication of bankruptcy was obtained at the instance of certain creditors who were not at all satisfied with the position of affairs. He should ask for a balance-sheet from November, being the date of an assigMent to Mrs. Cater. The CommaiSxoNzR after hearing Mrx George Smith, directed that all accounts required by the assigness should be furnished by the bankrupt, and adjourned the meeting sine die. Protection for three months would be given, the assignees consenting, otherwise protection would have been refused. IT Rsg sA-rUnn AseS. The bankrnpt was a bank-er of Ware and Hertfrrd. This was a meeting in reference to a sum of 3,500l., which the bankrupt was alleged to have failed to account for or to bave accounted for falsely. Mbr. Lawrance, as yesterday, appeared for Adams's assliges, Mr. Lewis appeared for the bankrupt. ahe depositions of Captaix Robert Johnstone, as given yetterday, having been read, The bankrupt, examined, said, he had not advanced the 3,5001. or any part of it to Captain Johnstone. He must confess that Johnstone had never had the money mentioned in page 98 of his amended balauoe-sheet which he had signed, and upon which he bad panssed his examination. The entry in his hook returned Mr. Johostone as a debtor for 6,8301. 16s. Ild. The figures originally stood 3,5001. less. The alteration was in red ink. Ho had prcviously charged the 3,5001 to general expenditure. le had informed the assignees that this was an error and that the money had been lent to Johnstonue. The list of the advances to Johnstone set forth that 5001. was advanced in March, 1855, 1,0001. in August, 1,0004 in June, 5001. in August, and 5001 in August, 1855; total 3,5001. He had made this statement in consequenrc of an explanation being required, The statement was wholly untrue. He had not in any other way attempted to account in his balance-sheet for the 3,5001 His explanation was this: -for the last three or four years he took money out of the bank till, placing a memorandum in the till or end drawer, and when it got to a certain amount he wrote it off. He did not mean to say that the 3 500. ras taken at the time stated, but during the last thee or four years. The money was expended in farming and other purposes. There was no entry m his books to show the disposal of the money, and he could only account for it as just stated. Would swear he had not now the 3,5001., or any part of it, or any person for him. He did not propose to place in the hands of Johnstone part of the 3,5004 After the discovery he did not propose giving part to Johustone, in order that he might charge Johnstone wfth the 3,500L He had not mad any purchases of his estate, nor bad any person for hn.I He had not placed any inoney in t e hands of other paries. The reason for debiting Johnstone (a bankrupt) with the 3,50D1. was, that he was told his expenditure had been excessive. Johnstone said he conld put the amnount down to him if he thought proper. He passed his examination on the 28th of Apri on the balance-sheet to which reference had been made. The dates from hfrch to August were to a great extent a fiction. The Item of 3,5001. was thus made up tosatisfy the assigneis. He had told Mr. Thomas, his accountant, that he had expended the 3,5001. on farms and in varions ways. It was at Johnstone's suggestion that he had charged him with the money. If Johnstone had stated otherw it was untrue. Johnstone had said "You may charge part, or any part, or any amonnt to me." He had Johnstone's assent, although he was not prepared to justify the transaction. He had no fuither explanation to muake except that he was exceedingly sorry he had ever made such a statement in reference to Johnstone having had the money. Mr. LA-RANCE said, the matter had come upon the aEsignees by surprise. The bankrupt had been treated with the greatest kindness by the assignees. His Honour would recollect that a number of creditors had wished to appear by counsel to institute an independent investigation, and that the Court declined to allow such a course, having no reason to doubt the zeal of the assignees. The bankrupt was now chitarged with the greatest offence under the bankrupt law, andi su-bject to the greatest punishment. He suggested an adjournment. Adjournment ordered.
POLICE. MiNSION-lTOUSM-Soha Driver, a servant in the employment of Mr. Richard Penning, boot and shoe warehouseman, of 11, Cheapside, was cha ged, before Mr. Alderman WMIR, vwith robbing his master. J. C. Knight, constable No. 437, said,-About 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon, In consequence of information that reached me, I wa'rhed the prisoner away from the prosecutor's premisea. Zi was driving a horse and cart, and he pulle up in the Old Jewry, I asked him if he had anything in the hampers, and he said he had not. I told him I was a police-oconstable, and upon makimg a search I found the pair of boots produced In one of the hampers. I afterwards se%rohed bis lodgings at Walthamstow, where I found sevei l pairs of beoot, shoes, and slip.ers. AU the property has been identified by the prosecutor. Mr. Fenning, the prosecutor, sald,-Tho prisoner has been employed Dy me in the joint capaCit of groom and light porter during the last 18 months. I have warehouses in the Hackney-road, and I generally call there on my road to the city from Waltbamstow, where I reside. I drive from Walthamstow to Hackney, and thus far the prisoner has been in the habit of acting as oom. I there change my vehicle, and bring manufactured goods to my premises in Queen-street. The hampers should be returned to the manufactory in the evening. It would bo the prisoner's duty to take back the empty hampers. Yesterday my attention was called to a paL- of boots in mny cellar. As they were in an unusual place I communicated with the police. At a later period of the dLy the prisoner left with the bampers in the cart, and the officer took from one of them the pair of boots now produced, which are worth 10. 6d. The other boots, &c., I produoed I found at the prisoner's lcdisPgs. They are my nroperty. !he prisoner admitted his guilt, and asked that the case mi2ht be disposed of there. Shortly afterwards the LoRD MYooR entered the court and sat by the side of hfr. Alderman WIRE, when the prisoner was brought up in petty sesslons, and, having pleaded "Guilty," was sentenced to four months' imprisonment, with hard labour. John EHarvey, a carman's driver, was charged with stealng, lb. of Wool, b3longing to Messrs. Gooch and Consens. t1 appeared-from the evidence of James Elogg, a constable in the service of the London and North-Western Railway Company at their premises in Aldgate, that the prosecutors bave also premises in Aldgate, where wool is stored. On the preceding day the prisoner bronght some wool to the warehouse, and as he was leaving with the waggon the witness asked him what hehad in the nosebag. He replied that it contained food for the horses; but the witnessdisbelieving this statement opened It and found it to contain Illb. of wool He then said he was aware he bad It, but had forgotten to deliver it up. Witness examined one of the bales and found that exactly lllb. had been abstracted therefrom. J. Donoghue, foreman to the prosecutors, identified the wool, whieh was worth 33s., as their property The prisoner in replyto the charge satd,he had picked the wrool up in the waggon and put it into the bag intending to dcelver it, but forgot to do so. Alderman WIBZ.-Then how came you to tel the officer that the bag contained horses' food ? Prisoner.-I dont know how that was. He was sentenced to one month's imprisonment with hard labour. John Hughes, a lad 13 5years of age, in the service of Mr. Poulter, wholesale stationer, of 48, Upper Thamesstreet, was brought up upon remand, charged with having stolen.a florin and two penny pieces from his master's till. He pleaded " Guilty," and was sentenced to two months' imprisonment with hard lbour. B&RLBoRoUGr_STswRLr.-Heury Perry White was brought before Mr. BnI;aH&I under these circumatances:_ It appeared that a robbery to the amoumt of 1,000o. was effected byla police-constable named Sankey, at 68, Great Portland-street, who bas absconded, and for whose apprebenston handbills have been eirculated offering a rerd of bOI. The oonstable was placed In the charge of the house by a lady namaed Aitken, and after remaining in possesson for upwards of two years he Absconded, and on an inquiry beinginstfitutedit washdiscovered that the house had bee stippd o plte lien,bannots,jewelry, wearing. apparel, and ot;her property, stated to exceed 1,0001. in PoEcera onthe asneDd vde3~d at 6$, Great Portland- street, and asked if Mrs. Sankey was within. He replied "no,"andthen asked the accused what hekaewof Sankeyand his wife ? The accused said Sankeywas a- good fellow, he had known him for years, and then tapping his head loigl. cantly, he added that Sankey knew more than any one could get to the bottom of. The aoccsed then asked him to hasve something to drink, and, being desirous of getting more Information about Sankey from the accused, he acoepted the invitation. While they were In the publichonse the accused, on finding that he had charge of the house, now said, " Do the thing on the quiet. You may depend on mre." The acoused then requested to be allowed to go over the house in Great Portland-street, and he took hia over. The accused then looked at the furniture, and, after examining the looklngglases, proposed to give him 2. for one glass, 1. for another glass, and lOI. for the pianoforte. He asked the accused if he thought he could manae matters in that tay. The accused said he could, and told bim "to do things on the quiet." His wife was present at the time. He had never seen the accused before. In reply to questions witnesm said the accused appeated as if he had been drinking. He received a card on 'which was the address of the shop of the accused in W r- ren-street, Tottenh n-court-road.. The accused asked him if he had the keys of the upstirs rooms; he said he did not think he had. The accuLsed said it did not matter,he could manage without. He noticed that the accused teemed familiar with the house, and the accused gave as a reason by saying that he had been often in the house with old chnms. The accused again ivted him over to the publichouse, but witness took him o the station. The accused, in defenoe, said, the constable had stated a parcel of falsehoods Some constables had called upon him and ho had told them all he knew about Sankey. It was fase to say he offered money. He had not the means. Mr. BNGTAx said,'he must remand the accusd, but would take ball, which must not be less than 1001. WESTMNsTER-101. was received frm " M. A. C.," for the poor-box. WoRsisn-sTREET.-Moses Booth, a coffee and eating. housekeeper in Keate-street, Spitalfields, was charged before Mr. HASM LL with the following outrage. Sergeant Purchase, of the H diviaion, stated,-I have known this defendant for years. His house is the resort of the worst young thieves, and as a boy had committed a highway robbery on Tuesday night in Commerclatlstreet, White. chapel, whom I thought it probAble I should find in higs house, I on Wednesday evening was looking in at his win - dow, when he came out, asked me what I wanted, threatened to break my kull in, and invited me to go inside. I, of course declined, on which he rushed at me, butted me violently with his head, and struok me violently with his fist, He then ran indoors, swearing he would blow my brains out, and catching up a pistol from behind his counter, ran to the door an presented it at my head. A number of rough blaokguards had gathered round me, and, some person having fortunately struck his pistol up, it did not go off, and I have not seen the pistol since. I seized the prisoner, and we straggled together into the rear of the premiseg, where he got loose from me, and seizing a teapot from the fire-place turned the whole of its hot oontents over my head aud hands; he next seized a pot of coffee from tbe fire, and threw that at me; and while I was trying to get back into the street, he flung another coffeepot at me and caught me in the back with it. He then ran indoors and fastened himself in, and on our breaking the door open he had disappeared. LAst night, however, knowing we were after him he returned and gave himself up. He was quite sober when he made the attack upon me I have just described. Robins, 157 H.-I got to the spot just in time to strike up the pistol as the defendant was presenting it at a few inches only from the last witness's head. Some of the fellows round us got hold of the pistol, and, as I could not get it from them, I twisted up the pan and the priming fell out. I do not, of course, know whether the pistol was loaded, and have not seen it since. The defendant has been before in cusiody for assaulting the police. Prisoner, -The pistol was not loaded. I was very drunk and had been so for a long time. I have been in great trouble. I have bought a ahop for a sum I sball never get back again. I don't recollect anything that took place, but I am nowr very sorrv. Mr. HAarm.Lt-You prove yourself to bea very drunken man, and are clearly a very dangerous person. I shall protact the officers from such violence as far as I can by sentencing you to a month's hard labour in the House of Correction, and at the expiration of that you will find two ball in 201. each to keep the poes for three months longer. TirmNrss.-The police of the K or Stepney division of the metropolitan police have handed to Mr. Howie, their superintendent, the sum of 18 guineas, subscribed for the relief of the sufferers in India. SouTawAnim.-George Elliot, a notorious thief, was brought before Mr. ComBE charged with stec.ling a piece of lead, the property of Mr. Charles James Muggeridge, hoD merchant, 265, High-street, Southwark, under the following impudent circumstances:- Thomas Davies, clerk to Mr. Muggeridge, said that their counting-house is ou the first floor over Mir. Monk's shop, and the passage and the stairs were covered with lead. Ths morning, about 10 o'clock, witness was near the countinghouse door, when he heard a noise in the passage, and on looking down he saw the prisoner inside ripping the lead up from the bottom of the stairs. He immediately ran down to seize him, but he dropped the lead and ran off across the street. Witness pursued aud captured him, -when he handed him over to the custody of the police. Mr. Monk informed his worship that the thieves took a fancy to his premises, as this was the eighth piece of lead stolen within the last month. The prisoner declared that he knew nothing about the lead, sad Mr. Davies must be mistaken as to his being the. person. Sergeant Wise, 459 A, who apprehended the -,risoner,. said he saw him run out of Mr. Muggeridge's passage and cross the road, pursued by Mr. Davies, who captured him. Mr. ComBz asked the prisoner whether he denied being the thief after such evidence, He replied that he supposed it was no use. Mr. ComsBE then inquired whether he wouid be tried by hin. orgo to the sessions. The prisoner said he would rather his worship settled It at once, as he was guilty. Downo, the gaoler, informed his worship that he wgas an old offender, having been several times convicted for simila robberies at this court, Er. COMBEx accordingly sentenced him to three month?! tard labour under the new Criminal Justice Act. IAMlnm.-Yesterday Mrr. JamesNicholls, of the firm of Nicbolls and Doyle, solicitors, residing at 2, Eaton Villas, Brixton, appeared before Mr. ELoITT to answer to a summons obarging him with asaulting Mr. William Pocock, a surgeon in exteasive practice, residing at No. 1, Manorturrace, Brixton. The defendant, who committed the assault while labouring under a fit of jealousy, for which there did not appear tobeany ground, was ordered to put in bail, himlf in 2001. and wo sreties in 501 each, to keep the .peace and be of good behaviour for six months. The required sure. ties were given and the defendant discharged. The Magistrate requested the acknowledgment of 1L from "J. R.," for Hugel], the poor brewer. GREsWzICH.-Giles Horn, a man about 40 years of age, and carrying on bnsiness as a greengrocer at Bromley, was placed in the dock, on remand, charged before Mr. TRAmL with committing a criminia assault on Mary Ann Hersey, a child 11 years old. He was committed for trial.
LAdverftsernenLp.' C*a,sllsIlusrte amI7Ppe N4o. 203. for next Monday, Oontatne two ii1stratoo FereeninY thper Nativo Indian Arty. Infantry and Oa C altO, re enino Phea, nTubhier n .6 , wicnt h an" interesting article on the He 1Army. The Of e r J leh Co mandtaina e ngr a' ing from MN atin's eerated piatmre donn J bna Comlandg, g bthe bun to stand SIM" Also a beoataf Portrait of tte Duke d'OIlivsriz, and an engraved iUinetetlon to the tle Of tbs " YOU Pretender"2 The ltter-Pre of this number includes the Italian Wrld of LondonHu p4,pty h &0. London, Kent an Co. HueBlesPer,Ces [Adverttement.p-The epot Ouo,, fh Uainl alr.- The - oy h tre e B n tO h "AOt rai fo r N ovember,'prioe its 6& . tie-" heBayof Aihano after piedel and -'The Gate Of the t 40 atrJ. Danby, A.~B..A The uinDtore ia Prohe, frmm te be abe by Von lilper, in the pomerion ot the eeen h literrt y wntents tnclde.o-rih Artistg, No. XXnX C., usraed the Application of Zcnprorod Mahneyadusen~ t rat Mdn- fesoxe Inigo ~ It Hnt J R.-tbe Book of the Thames b Mr. and Kmr S. 0.aUil fllustnt d-the Distribution of Pize1st 10th Imbools of Desgn, &o. 4lrtU8 and Co., 15, Patemnoster-row, Londonr, and all booksoerse~. [Ade'ertleinent.pA new work by Marion Hatrlznd, aninor of " The Hidden Path," entitled, " Mosa-de," hat just been publiehed, prioe It, ln'osdr,&% freesb, post for 14 stamPs.-T e treat sucoes atteAl. th twefon bUtlicton in thitounry of Nmi ductln. ~ s gorante O1~ roelence in this her latest Phreor ductin. KmS. C. Hail has slso Issnd a volume of tome ofhe best tales anid stories in RonUtedge's heaep seties Of popnolse hooks, entitled " The Lucky Penny," kc., Drice 2s. boards, Or free by post. 28 ets6amre wWhixh -inow exciting touch attention among the notReions circle Of admlresg ot that lady's writings. Ixondo, George Rout. ledgeadC. arndtot [Advetiseneatjncknw, O pore the Onde Kingdoorandit.Kin, ar bet dserbedin the" "Priate Itfe or an
MI2JwT'A.RY AND NA VAL INTELLIGENCE. The corps of Royal Marine Artillery being reduced below its proper strength, an Admiralty order was yesterday received at the head-quarters of the Royal hlarine Ligh; Infantry, Chatham, by Colonel B. A. Parker, the COar- mandant, directing volunteering to be opened from 'what division for the Artillery companies, Inusediatrly on receipt of the order 30 men of the Royal Marines volunteered. Yesterday a Chelsea board of officers assembled at St. Mars's Invalid Establishment, Chathamr,, under the presidenoy of Dr. J. E. Taylor, C.BO, for tUe purpose of uedically inspecting tho soldiers who are considered unfit for further servicoe. The number of non-commissioned cfficers and men ordered to be discharged was 47, the whole of whom vere granted pensione, according to the nature of their wounds and length of service. Orders were yesterday received at Chatham from the Hlorse Guards, directing the wbole of the non-commissioned sfficers and men who have been raised at that garrison for the 2d battalion of the 7th Royal Fusileers to be sent immediately to Preston, where the ?d battalion is to be embodied and the men trained. The following officers have been granted leave of absenca from their Indian depots at Chatham garrison :-Captain R. C. Glyn, 7th Fusileers, and Captain R. E. Price, 35th Regiment. The United States' steam- frigate Nia:ara, Captain Hudson, which arrived at Plymouth on the 14th of August after the unsuccessful attempt to Connect the two continents by the electric cable, completed the dischargo of the wire at Key. ham-yard on Wednesday. Her officers, in order to evince their appreciation of their courteous reception in England, and of the civilities and hospitalities which they have experienced in London, Windsor, Sonthampton, Plymouth, &., gave a public ball and bupper on Thursday at Bate's Royal Hotel, Plymouth. The spacious assembly room was decorated in a style which displayed the good taste that pre val5s in the American navy,5 and gave full evidence ol warm attachment to the British nation. Immediately opposite the grand entrance, over the orohestra, and sup. ported by three stars-blue, red, and white, neatly formed of swords and bayonets, were these words-" Let there be peace between me and thee, between my people and thy people, for we are brethren." This fraternal ex. pressdon was illuninated by an arch in front, which bore 31 gas bunmers, each shade exhibiting the name of one of the St-tes. Below were three burners ornamented with the rose, ahamrock, and thistle, corresponding with three at the other end of the room on which were engraved " England," " Scotland," and " Ireland," Over the interior of the main entrance, tastefully enfolded, were the flags of England, America, France, Sardinia, Turkey, and Egypt, and above them the British and American jacks in concord& The flags of other nations, harmoniously blended, adorned the side walls. In a conspicuous position on the right was that of Prussia, united with the white eusign of England, in compliment to the approaching nuptials of the Princess Royal; and, opposite, the emblems of Austria and Belgium, in allusion to the recent matrlmonial alliance between the Royal families of those nations. Devices of arms skilfully arranged and festoons of flowers and evergreens gracefully formed completed the tasteful display. Similar decorations adorned the suapper-room, the tables of which were sumptuously spread. The Mayor of Plymouth, the Earl and Countess of Morley, the Countess of Mount-Edgoumbe, Lord Valletort, and others of the neighbouring nobility and gentry, with the heads of the naval and military departments, were present, and the cntertainment throughout was equally gratifying tc the officers and their visitors, and fully accomplished the desired intention of forming a happy conclusion to the unexpected sojourn of the Nlagara in the port of Plymouth. The consort of the Niagara, the steam frigate Susquehanni, Captain Sands, left Plymouth on the 30th of Sep. tember for Spezzia, and is now returning to Now York. The Niagara, for the same destination, will leave Plymouth next weekc.
SHIP NEWS. NOTICE TO MiAEINERS. ATLANXIC:-NI,TXID STATE,S.-F1xED LI0HT AT DuTCl ISIAVD| RHODrE 1.AY.- * -tmr er or4aens J.egftanuse Board baa given notice that on and after the 18th day of Septewber. 1887. a llebt would be exhibited from the neRw DghthouEe recently built on Dutch 1giand, Rhode Diand, in the Plaee of the old one, whea the temporary light shown during the es5tion of the new buildnga would be discontinued. ,The light is white, fixed. snd at au elevation of 80 feet above the Tet high water t t Isvisible alltrotnd the horizon. and shouid be reeu from the decIk of a ve3sel in ordinary weather at a distance o' 14 miled. The illnmlnating apeiratun Is eatadloptrto, being % ieonel teng cf the fourth order. The new light tower is 36 fret high, with a ksepal?e dweliing attached ; both are built of brick, and ooloured wthe8* This notoe asheets the United StMtes' Lights List, No. 106. SCOTLAND :-NOiRtvr AND WYST COAS1S.-BEACON ON 8tr1cOMA SKErRiMLs PENTLA.ND Flutl. The Cowrotvesioner of Nort&eru Lighthouses have given notice that a teacon bas recently been erected on the Eooith-weet extremity of the bkerris of Stromn, which extend from the south-astern side Gf Maliit hood, on tho idland of Stronia, in the Pontland Firta, and are covered by the sea at high water. The beacon oonstote of an open framework of iron, surmounted by a cylIndrical cage, In all 40 feet above high water, and painted red. BF.ACON ON Bo CAOLAs, Loon NiVERt. Also that a beacon has been erected on 130 Caolas, a rook which is covered at high water, and lies at the entrance to Locth Inver. oi the west coast of 9ntherlandahlre. The beacon is compoe of caet-iron pWilars. surmounted by a cylindrical cage It in elevated about 30 feet above high water, and painted red. This nolice affecto the following Adnmiralty charte :--Coet of Scots land, sheet 5, No. 2,181 Orkneys. No. 2,180 and Pentland Dlrth, No. 2.162; West Coast of Scotland, sheet 9, No. 2,3868; Lech Inver, No. 1,953. Also North Sea Ptlot, part 2, page 18. LIVERPOOL. OcroBEa 29. Arzived.-Tloo Edouard, trom Glhene-tho Marianne, from Rotterdar. Sailed.-The ateamor Euphrates. for Tri-tste-the Orontee, for J3amica-the Elizabetb, for Lubee-tbe Gauutlet, for Gibraltar-the Iol ad Maid, for Ant erP-the RxpTeeo3jfr Peruambuco. Wind, W., fresh Anived.-Tbo Calboun. from New York-the steaner htattler. from Oporto-the storia, from Callao-the RIeOoation, from Rio Grande - the Ltra, from fSi John's, New Bronowick-tha Homer from Prtnin Edweards Island-the Peter and John, from GJjon-the 8An Franolso:, from Rivades-the Anna Bertha, from Dautnio-the Aaltje Mharhuon from lCengsborg-the Demerara and the Elen. from Dernerara-the Tonawaxda. from Philadelphia-the Mlignon, from Dono3-the Ausl-rala, from Antwverp-the skharer Acor, from Iabaga. Off the Fort.-The Pizarro, the Trimountain, the Emnpire State, the Aehbuzton, and the Orwello. LoVDov, Oct. 30.-Wind at noou, S.W moderate breezo snd fbis. FALMOL'TTe. Oct. 29.- Arrived, the taite, from flenia. SEaUod, the Leha. for Itotterdam. and the Triton. for (:rimaby. Nzov Yr,Xtiic oct. 16~-Tbe wreck ofra ship ot aboutf.fr rons, Eoetera built, waterlozged and didmsinted, foremast, maintopmast, and bjwspm none. apors drifting Inusoids,l name gone from her stern with the xcreption or "-ona' (the terminatIon of the name of her port)-Ft's load evidently leeu bocrded, as her ourbors, chalade &G,. were gone- the Nothr Lict arh e here. CRlVESIlh-D, Ot.=l 30. (BY KA,O;NoTic TzEiwsoa&pI.) (Prom Lloyd's.) 3 30 a.n.- NWind, Sl.W.; tIdo, St hours' llood; moderate. Arrived, Oct. 29.-The Alwe aud the Lighttilne, both from Dorothe EAectric, from Domerara-tho Star. from Oatend-tho Alfred, loom Ploasquny-the riAma, from Sutiidswall-tho XIalacu, from Oa!. cstta--the Primass, from Bahta-thb C. Blanobsord, fTom Boston-the Johanna Jacoba, from St. Petersburg-the Atfrod, from lalsoga. Arrived.-The steamer Llonne,from'Gravellnes- the ateamer Alblon, trom Boatoguc-the steamer Adeder, from Bremen-the oteanrar Moosele, from la mburg-ihe siteamer Luna, fom Bremen-the ateamer Sir R. Peel, from Dunklrk. lSaUed.-The Prais and London, for Paris, and the Lord J. Boccell, for DUziklrk. 1 p.m.-Wind, S.; tide, three hours' ebb; yery fine. Arrived.-The Rouen, from Crorstadt-the Pigeon, from Rio Gjanelr -the Rtrlerer, -fromzn C so-the Jeamie Banlield, fromi Liabon-the 'Wave, from Guernsey-lbe Ltirlianzie. from Genoa-the ChrisloDher mom ltio Graz,do-the John, trom Caen-thoeWe-ley, from Oronstadtthe Hocewell. frora Ch!nchas Ilands--the Wilheomfua hfaria, from Batia-the Wyse, from Mogadorn. Sailed.-Th, stoamer Denmark. for ltsvre. and the steamer 8seine, for lidulogne. 3 p.ma.-lV ild southerly lide, five hours' ebb; cloudy. Artveod.-The IPGwich LanS, from Patra. 7.39 p.se-Whnd, W.Nw: two hous' flinwd: fine. Arri7oom-The Willam, from Denla-the James from Charente-t'e New B'O3eom. fromu Villavicosa-the Compeer, froin Patras-the 5teamer Do ta Gordo, fro n Gottenborg Saled.-TVo Kiinaldle, for tort PhUdp. nEirL, OcT. 39, (By MAGNE71rs TEL.r.nAP11.1 (From Ioyda's,) 'J a.ra-Wlnd. W.; fresb, 'lUC. Pa-sed on the 29th.-Tho Itetrelver, from Oallso, for London. Anchored.-The Ctsarles A. FarweU and the Emily Faram for Port Phillip; the Francis A. Palmer, for Sydoey; the bMartha, lot Demeray a: tho Notweter, for Cardiff; the lrincre Albrt, for Jamaica; and the Piorist, for at. vincent's all from London-the Zoodoobo Pigl, fOr Cardiff: the Antouls, for Swansea; and the Britannia, for cMobilo, a't from London-the Purzze, from Londonb for Balomte. Paseed.-Tbe FMlima, frorm Callco; tt.e Ariel, from Berbice ; the James Turcan. from Singsaore; and be Daring, from MalaRa, all for Loindon-the Ielsnd Queen, from Patram lo-London No>n.-Wind. I. ; fresh and rOsally. Anchored.-The Lucy E iraleth, for Bodton : and the Edward Thornhill, for Valparaiso, toth from London- the Harmooie. from qduetee for London. Famed.-The Rtenshaw. from the westward for Londou. Anebored.-The Canada, from Demerara fer Lon don. 2 p.m.-lirud. *V. by N. . stron-g In swualls. Aneboced.-The Prinolpe Alberto. irCm Ancona. for Loedon-4ho Catherins, from Koingshierg for liublim Paisd.-Tto Iteshea., frGm Mgoador, fur Londou-the Amala, from Taganrfor fii Iull. The Harsoonit report-leth of Oct., 1st. 49.2 NN.,,on7_ 27.23 W.; sei-ooter Venus. ot FO1; 'Oth of Oct., lot. 4D 24 N., lor g. 16.10 W. Proke the Bath DominW ,of Cork. 7.30 p.m-WInd IV.; modereto. Arrived ai Ploed.-The Shepherd, ft Newport; the Spheroid, for SI. Vlncent'3 : and the Glance, fur thb Canaries, all from London-the Cairngorm. from fiecgkoog: the Lueikwioa from Opocto; and the Mfatl, from Qeebec, all for London. Off Duogeness on tbe 20tb.-The Anne, from Bremen, for Bahis Anebered.-iTae Dolphin, fiom Ahstwerp, for Car3iff; the Newton fzone Cronstadt for Shorthim-the Probi'6, for Daelsirk; the Alioe 3saud.for Alga Baty; the Ann Melbuloh,for Peroambuco, the Arthur, for New Orleans; the Bcltinn. for XAverpeool; and the Giuceppe 11. for Trieste, ai from London. HaG& -WATER AT LONDON-BRIDGE. fhsDs7-bfom. . dminte after 12 jAfternoon .. 26 rin. aftter 12 47 in, gkateg 13 A 1fRrnn ., 7 mi, after
RAILWAY INTBLLMENECE. RAIL'WAY RPROPTPTq The traffic returns of raUways in the united kingdom pablished for the week ending October 24 amounted to 478,2831., and for the corresponding week of 1856 to 464,4501., showing an increase of 13,8331. The gross receipts of the eight railways having their termint in the metropolis amounted for the week ending as above to 197,3991., and for the correspondng week of last year to 200,6941., showing a decrease of 3,2951. The decrease on the London and Blackwall Railway amounted to 841.; on the London Brighton and South-Coast to 1,2631. ; on the London and South-Western to 1,6401.; and on the SouthEastern to 2,3967.; total, 5,3833. But from this must be deducted 1,2051., the Increase on the Eastern Counties; 505 on the Great Northern; 1281. on the Great Western . and 2501. on the London and North-Western; together, 2,0881.; leaNing the decrease as above, 3,2957. The receipts on the other lines in the united kingdom amounted to 280,884, and for the corresponding period of 1836 to 263,756t., showing an Increase of 17,1231. in the receipts of those lines, from 'which must be deducted the deerease on the metropolitin lines, leaving the total increase 13,8331. as compared with the corresponding week of 1856. The foUowing are the receipts of railways for the past week:- * This is taken as the a%TvSoeo t'xs incS'rtts revenue for Oc-ober, les. GREAT LN.DI P INSUJIA. The half-yearly meeting of this company was held yester. day at the London Tavern, Mr. W. J. Hamilton in the chair. Mfr. Watt, the secretary, read the report, an abstract of which has appeared in The TimQ, The CuHAiRi., In moving the adoption of the report Eaid that the recent events In India had not affected the progress of the company's works, and he was glad to say i hey had not to deplore the loss of any of their hard working officers. lhe only muatter affecting the progress of their works was the removal of 800 carts and a nmnber of men employed by the contractors in bringin materials and laying the permanent wayonthe hnetowards Poonah. They had been taken from the contractor by order of the Government, and sent to Hyderabad; but he supposed the contractor would not be long delayed on that account, as of course he would endeavour to obtain other carts to carry on the works, and therefore the delay would be only temporary. About 40 railes of the permanent way was laid on the extension line beyond the Bhore Ghbit, and when the rolling stock was carried to the top of the Ghsts that portion of the line might be opened for traffic. A further portion of 64A mUes to Poonah would be ready for opening in April next, when they would have 104 miles in operation above the Ohdts. The portionof theline fromnPoonahto Sholaporewasprogressingsatisfactorily. On the north-eastern extension the works were not proceeding so rapidly, oving to the nature of the country from I'alln to the foot of the Ghats. Mr. Wvthes had contracted for the construction of the Thull GhAt incline, and from Egutpoora, at the top of the Ghat, to Bhosawal he had sent out a considerable quantity of plant and a aumber of workmen, with a view to proceed rapidly vith the works. They had at present 88 miles open for traffic, and 2171 miles of the southeastern extension line under contract, of which 100 miles would be ready for traffic in the spring. On the north-east extension line from Calltan to Bhosawal, a distance of 224 miles, they had 190 mUes under cont1ract, and from Bhosawal to Nagpore 246 miles had been surveyed for contracts, making 688 miles in hand at present. On the whole the progress of the works had been satisfactory. Owing to the actvity and zeal of the secretary, who was well acquainted with India, the aCCounts had been improved, so that in future they would agree with those in Bombay. Mr. FPsrms, deputy-chairman, seconded the motion for the adoption of the report. Mfr. Fn,-NLv- stated, from inquiries that he had made at the office, that the experimental line of 88 miles in length had oost about 8,8004 per mile, aud the traffie on it yielded a profit of 41. 17s. per cent. on the cost of that portion o. their undertaking. The CHAIRMAN, in reply to a question, stated that 639,762i. had been expended on the 88 miles, and 139,560. for rolling stock, making 779,3001,, or an average of 8,80(, as stated by Mr. Franklyn, the net earnirgs being equivalent to 41. 17s. per cent. on that amount. In reply to Mr. HuGGorys, it was stateed that at present the stations were only temporary, and that when the extension linies were opened larger station accommodation would be required on the experimental line, and also additional roling stock. There had been some difficulty in sending out materials, which had retarded the works to some extent. The East India Company had always been anxious to see that there was sufficient money in hand to go on with the works. At present the amount of works contracted for and the rclling stock ordered by the company exceeded a million of money. The balance in the hands of the East India Company wolnd not be so considerable after the expiration of a few months. No further caU would be necessary for some time. Probably it would be twelve months from the present tme before a cal would be requisite. The last increase of capital had tended materially to increase their balance in the hands of the East InOlia CInm pany, in consequence of the sbareholders themselves not only having paid the 21. per share deposit on the new capital, but having exercised tbe option of paying up the 20l. shares in full A stop had, however, been put to payL-ig up in full, as it did not appear to be advantageous to the company. Nothlng had been done in respect to the proposed extension of 800 miles from Bhosawul to Jubbalpore. Mr. GREAVES thought the balance of 1,600,000L in the treasury was too large, unless they were to be allowed some compensation for it by the East India Company. The CHmAimix said they had withdrawn and spent 200,0001. of it since the end of June. The question of balances had been under the consideration of the direotors, and it would have to be considered when the repayment of interest arose. Mr. FreLD and Mr. PRICE also maintained that the balance In the hands of the East India Company from time to time should be taken into account when the time for the repymaent of interest arrived. Mr. .AyRmv, M.P., a director, explained that they must take the undertaking as a whole. It was useless to estiuate what any portion of the line was farning in reference to its cost. Whie the experimental line had at present only cost ,tbout 8,8001 wimile, the 14 miles up thg GhAtts would cost at the rate of 37,0001. per mile, and the section beyond it about 7,0001. When the whole was completed they shouxld cloEe their capital and ascertain what their surDluE earnings *mounted to beyond the 6 per cent. They had mxde a most improvident contract with the East India Company, and they should endeavour to avoid such an error in fatnre The question a3 to the fultiiment of the letter and spirit of the agreement would, no doubt, be brought, under the consideration of the Government at the proper time. Jle was not at all disposed to entertain the Jubbul. pore line at the present moment, or to extend their liabilitles. After some further ohiervations the report was unanimously adopted, and Mr. Franklyn was elected an auditor. The proceedings concluded with a vote of tbanks to the chairman and directors. DEMERARA. The half-yearly meeting of shareholders was held yesterday at Liverpool, Mr. John Crosthwaite in the chair. The report stated that at the last general meeting the pro. prietors were made aequainted with the failure of Mr. Manifold, the late manager, to fulfil his engagements with the company. The breach of contract had been followed by most disastrous results. The railway was restored to the company on the 18th of July, up to which time Mr. Manifold retained the whole receipts from the traffic. The board have been informed that a valuation of the plant, rolling-stook, &o., was made some time before Mr. Manifold quitted the railway, and that he furnished an account to the Demerara committee, claiming avery 1arge balance from the company. By the terms of the worki gagreementMr.Manifold was bound to maintain the railway, rolling-stock, and plant in efficient and -working condition. The directos ret to say that the reports of the new mant er, Mr. Wiber (which are open to inspection by the shareholders) show that this obligation has been very much neglected, both in reference to the road and the rolling-stock. Immediately after his arrival in the colony Mr. Wiber wrote_-" I have made au inspection of the locomotives, and fnd them in a very deplorable condition. As for the road, asfaras Ihave seen, it is in a very bad state indeed." Havingbrought before the proprietors thenunfortunate events of the last half-year, which are plainly attributable to exceptional caumses, the directors invite attention to the actual position and prospeots of the company. The gross receipts for the half-year ending the 29th of Augustlast have been 10,616W.- namely, 3,7541. from passengers, and 6,8611. from goods, &o., -showing an increase over the corresponding period of last year of 2,0481. The Colonial Legislature having expresed a willingness to assist the company by guaranteeing interest on capital to be raised to such an extent as to provide for the liquidation of the mortage to the colony; to discharge all bonds, debts, and other Mbilities of the company; to extend the railway to Mlahiaca ; and to put the whole line, plant, &c., into thorough working condition; the directors have submitted a scheme which, it is trusted, will obtain the cordial sanction of the colonial authorities, and enable the company's affairs to be placed in a much better position than has ever yet been attained. Notwithstanding the misfortunes of the past half-year, the directorg oonsider there is ample ground of hope as to the fluture; but to insure a successful issue to the present negotiations, there will be needed the hearty co-operation of the shareholders and all others concerned in the undertaking. No funds having been remitted from the colony since January last, the whole expense (2841.) of sending out the new manager and a locomotive foreman, and also of providing certain machinery urgently required for the use of the railway, has been borne by the individual members of the committee and another gentleman interested in the under. taking. The CHAIRNAaIr commented on the fact that they had not received a farthing from the committee at Demerara, who, however, had written for more machinery, stating that if it was not sent out the line would soon be at a standstill. He, however, expressed a hope that under the new management the line would soon be made to pay, The report was adopted, and power was given to raise 200,0001.
SBTTE OF T'ZADB. ANCHESTEP, OcT. 30. The market continues in a very inactive state, but tho tone of feeling has somewhat improved. The general alarm and anxiety which appeared to prevail at the commencement of the week have given place to an impression of greater security since the arrival of the last advices from America. All transactions are conducted with extreme caution, but houses in the foreign as well as the home trade are making fair purchases where any considerable advantage cars be gained in price. AUl engagements are kept within the smallest possible limits. The result is that stocks are accumulating, despite great reducdions in supply owing to the stoppage of mills. Thero has been some inquiry, in antidpation of the arrival of the overland mail, for East India numbers of yarn, 40's to 50's, but only a few sales have been made, and thos at reduced rates. Similar inquiries for 40-inch shirtings, for the same market, have led to rather more business. The sales during the weekin domestics, Tcloths, and longeloths are generally reported to be small, and in printing-cloths there has seen little or no busimess. Yarns, warps, and cops have been the most pressed on the market, and these have consequently suffered most in value. Prices, however, are very irregular, and are rendered nominal by the absence of business The creditors of Mr. Little, of High-street, dealer in fancy goods (who stopped a few weeks ago), have agreed to accept a composition of 0s. in the pound in three payments, spread over nine months. The debts were 61,790., and the assets rather over 38,000t. The meeting of Messrs. Thornton and Co.'s creditors was held to-day, when it was ascertained that the trade liabilities amounted to 172,0001., the bills receivable to 350,0001., and the assets to 213,0001. It was resolved to accept 15s. in the pound ini three instalments of 5s. each, in periods of 6, 12, and 18 months, subject to the bill-holders agreeing to the same. One or two other establishments are reported to be in difficulties, aridng out of the stoppage of the above, but there seems to have been considerable recklessness in recent rumours affecting the credit of houses engaged in trade. Some of the largest and most wealthy concerns in this city have been sabjected to them, but, so far as we can learn, they are without the sllghtest real foundation. Some estabnshments have discharged servants, countermanded orders, and taken such measutes aS cautious and judicious men usually adopt in times like the present to lessen their responsibli ies, and this course may have led to the reports in qucstion
THE WOR=G AIMN's COLLEGE.-On Thursday evening all the various classes in connexion with this college were reopened for the winter term, and the institation itself, which was set on foot in the autumn of 1854, entered upon another year of its existence. The arrangements for the term were made at a meeting of the executive council held on the previous evening at the house of the society, 45, Great Ormond-street, Bloomsbury, at which the Rev. F. D. Maurice, chaplain of Lincoln's-inn, the principal; Mr. Ruskin, and Lmany other members and teahers were present. The institation, which is a comparatively new experiment in the education of the working classes, was institated three years ago by Mr. Maurice and several other benevolent men, most of them members of the universities of Oxford and Cam. bridge, with the object of supplying some of the obvious shortcomings of the ordinary mechanics' institutions and of educating the adult members of the working classes on something like a collegiate system. The principal subjects taught, on terms within the ability of the humblest person, are drawing, arithmetic, geometry, algebra, conic sections Latin, Greok, French, English grammar and history, book. keeping, modelling after nature, geology, and physical geography, and the teachers, nearly all of wvhom afford their services gratuitously, incude several feDows of out two great universities and men holding the degrees of masters or bachelors of arts. The principal himself and Mr. Ruskin are among the number. The classes are taught every evening except Sunday, and ther there is a class for Bible history. It has recently been found necessary to establsh a preparatory adult school in connexion with the coUege for teaching reading, writinp, and the first four rules of arithrnetic, and that is carriea on at 34, Castle-street East, Oxford-street, at a charge of 6d. a week to each pupil, and under the care of a student of the oollege. The colege was originally begun in Red Lion-square, but has since been removed to a large and commodious house in Great Ormondstreet, which has been bought by the executive council expressly for carrying out the objects of the institution, and to the purchase-money of which the principal, in addition to the extraordinary zeal and devotion he has brought to the establishment and maintenance of the coUege, generously gave 5001. During the last year an application was made by the counecil to the Home Secretary, in the usual form, that the pupils of the college might be allowed to become candidates for degres in the University of London. lhat request was forwarded by Sir George Grey to the Senate of the University, who at once and in the handsomest manner conceded the privilege. The circumstance which has given the promoters of the college the most satisfaction during the past year has been the readiness of the elder students, however hard-worked thomselves, to take part in the education of those less advanoed. At their own suggestion several preparatory classes have been opened expressly for that purpose. These are held four times a week, and, with the adult school, have had a fair amount of pupils. The council have been afraid of holding out to their puplls the chance they may have of obtaining situations in the civil service, now that these are thrown open to competition, aware how many advantages others may have over them in this race, and not having the least desire to make them discontented with their p resetvocations. They nevertheless directed their attention to the subject, and recently the Privy Council Committee kindly invited them to choose two pupUis to compete for some vacant clerkships in their offioe. They say this is probably the first time in history that Government has invited working men as sUch to compste for official employment. It is to be regretted that the colege is far from self-supporting, and that it exists almost wholly on the bounty of thoso who take an interest in it. Thero is a mortgage debt of 1,0001. on the house in Great Ormond-street, towards the liquidation of which a subscription has been commenced. With 'his eaception, however, the institution is in no debt, and thoro has always been a balance In hand at the end of each year. The total number of students who have joined the college from its opening in November, 1854, to December of last year, and of whom about three-fourths are handicraftsmen, was 821, exclusive of the attendance at the adult school, which averages 25. Recently classes for the instruction of women have been added to the colege, where reading, arithmeic, writing, geography, vocal music, history, needlework, Biblical knowledge, and natural history are taught by some benevolent ladles, who give their ser. vices gratuitously. IRISa POOR I^w COOMSSION.-A reconstruction of this establishment is at present under consideration, and the Chief Commissioner, Mr. Alfred Power, is engaged rearranging the classes of olerks with a view to increased effiieincy combined with economy. We believe we are justi fled in anticipating from the intimate practical knowed of the Chief Commissioner, aidod by the Chief Clerk, X Benjamin Banks, such a re-organization as will give every satisfactir.n to the public, at the same time that it wiD do justice to the merits and services of individuals.-Civil 2ScrVXCC (qi5cf"
SrR OHA LES NA PIER, Ar. P., AND AfML LOUKFw li.P, Xff SO UTNHWASRK Last night a large public meeting of the electors and nor.,-- elctors of Southwark 'was convened at the Bridgethouel n Hotel to hear from Admniral Sir Chalez Napiesr and Mr. Locke, the members of Pariment c f the borough, i aspcount of their stewardship during ast sesaion, in conformitywith v custom which obtains ia that part of the metron lis Dr. Chalice occupied the chair, and briefly introduce ithumpmbers ta ti-ca maeeting. Sir C. NAreleys on prenting him-lf, was enthucomstlcally cheered. The gallant admiral, notwithstanding his advAnced age, lookediextremelywell. Hesbegan hisaddres by running over the names of the principal Bl paeDd clurinag the present year. to most of which he said he had: given his approval, adding that though the session had beeu unusually brief it had been remarkably fruitful in useful, ratlcal legislation. He pointed to his vote in support ofr O."erkeleys motion for the ballot, and then cormenthe on the caLmp at Alderahott, as at present arranged, in a vein of ridicule, directing his satire esp,eeisIy gaint the waste of the public rmoney in providing quarters there for the Queen, a house for the commandjnz officer at the eamp, and all the Parapherna,ea ol ballrooms and the like, seeing that the fEeing of the peonle-he did anot Ay they were right-was averse to the maintenance of a great standing army, and that, from the, caprice of some one in supreme authorlt7, the barracks at Aldershott might ere long be dispensed wnth. Fe then adverted to the new Houses of Parliament, whLich he designatedc as anenormous job. He saddit required aperson absolutely to io upon the river to be able to eeetbem. Hecrould not. fin them anywhere else. (A laugh.) The country wasnow in the expenditure of the third ! Ullon on the erection of those Houses of Parliament, and they were not yet oom. pleted. Then there was a great scheme for erecting a series of publc offioes, at a cost of from 4,000,OO01 to 5,000,0001., conoocted by Sir Benjamin Hall, who wished thereby to, hand his name down to posterity as a great man; but he (Sir C. Napier) did what he could to put a spoke in his wheel. (A. laugh.) Approaching the subject of the Indian mutiny, the gallant admiral said our Indian affairs had long been in a most deplorable state. He was happy, however, to see by the last news from India that things there were brightening up in a most extraordinary degre. If ever there was a class of men to whom. the British nation owed a debt of gratitude it was toher own soldiers. The mutiny in India had exhibited that truth in a new and atrking light, for a mere handful of Buropean soldiers, asssted by the army of the Punjab and by the Ghoorkas, had been able to hold their own against the whole of the mutineers of the Bengal army. (Cheers.) He admitted that the natives of British India had a 'ght to endeavour to get baeck India for themselves if theycould; but he utterly denied that in seeking to carry onu that object they were justified in resorting to onae single act of all the atrocmons treachery and inhumanity of which they had been guilty. The people of this country were not prepared for such atrocities, and they must henceforth regard the Sepoys as their most bitter and implacable enemies. We had had from tine to tine Whig and Tory Governments and Whig and Tory Governors-Genieral of India. We had never had a Radical Governraent yet, and we were not likely to get one. (A laugh.) But not one of those Governmentsor Governors-General ever foresaw that this rebelion would happen. A gallant relative of his own (cheers) was the only man in India who had foreseen and warned the Government that disturbances were likely to +'-'-e place in the Bengal army. The question remained--Had we done all that we could do to suppress this mutiny? The news of it first reached this country in the latter end of May, and he (Sir C. Napier) then urged the Government not to lo,e one single moment in sending an adequate force out to, India. He was told, much to his surprise, that vessels under sail would accomplish the voyage to India just as soon as steamships. HYe did not believe that, but there were people in the House of Commons who did, and he did not knowv what, in the name of God, some of theax were made of. (A laugh.) When he insisted that they v ho made that assertion were wfrong he WaS pooh.poohed' but the truth w as that he could furnish such people with arguments, but not with brains. (A laugh.) Thetime when the firsttroops sailed from this country forIndia was in the beginning of July. There was thus aloss of time of five or six weeks; and he verily believed if those troops could have been sent off immediately afterthe news of the rebellion reached this country, it was possible that the massacre at Cawnpore might have been prevented. (Elear, hear.) He would, however, zay one thing for the Govermernt. Siuce the time when they began to send trocT. out they had used the most extraordinary exertions. (IRear, hear.) He did not believe there was another nation in the world who could have sent troops to such a distance with anything like the sRme celerity as we had done to India. He meant after the Government had recovered their senses and had once begun to do the work. The Chinese "row" (a laugh) was in one sense a lucky incident, for but for it we should not have had troops uin 'India available for 'quelling the mutiny so soon as we had. He next prepared the meeting for the enormous cost that the present war was sure to entail upon the country, and told them that the people would have the piper to pay in the shape of a higher Income. tax. If they did not agree to that, they would have to make up their minds to lose India altogether; and, he would ask, was there a man among them who would consent to give it up? (" No, no.") Let them remember that if they, relinquished their footing there theyhad neighbours not far off who would say, You have lost India, and by - we will take something else from you. (A laugh.) He vas not one of those who were prone to cry, " Wolf ;" but he knew what the danger was on this occasion, and he knew, too, that when the country was down there would be plenty ready to take advantage of it. One thing they wanted -was a proper reform of Parliament, an indispensable part of which was the baUot. (Cheers.) He did not doubt that with the ballot and an extended franchise theywould return men to Parhaliaent in Southwark quite as competent to represent them as he. (" No, no.") In one sense he was glad to earthem say, "No, no," for he was told a few yearn ago that he was very old and decrepit, but they might depend upon it he was able to do his work yet. (A laugh.) As long as he had health and strength he should cheerfaUy attend to his duties as their representative in Parliament to the very best of his ability. (Cheers.) Mr. LocxF, who followed, said, he had nothing to conceal and nothing to explain with regard to his conduct in Parliament. He believed all the opinions he professed when he was a candidate had been strenuously and, as he thought, honestly asserted in Parliament, so far as opportunities had presented themselves to him. He believedl there was no great question on which his gaUant coUe3ague and he had differed. For exam le, they voted together on. the motion for the ballot, which he felt to be an absolutely essential part of any reform in the representation; and he would take that opportunity to express his regret that Lord John Russell, who was looked to by some as the man to lead the Reform party in the next session, should on that occasion rove-he was going to say a recreant, but he would not say that-though he was certainly not a conver' to the ballot. The noble lord was, on the contrary, one of the most strenuous opponents of the balot who spoke on the debate; and, therefore, he (Mr. Locke) said that the noble lord was not the man to Nwhom they were to look in the next session of Parliament as the leader of the Reform party. (Hissing and counter-cheers.) What he (Hr. Locke)wanted was a full and complete representation of the people. (Cheers.) He was not afraid of intrusting the working classes with the franchise. WVhat he conteuded for was, that every man who had a vote should be protected In the exercise of it. He was prepared to sunport a measure of reform of that kind, let it come from what party it might in the House of Commons. Turning to the Indian question, he said, whatever might havebeen the originof our rile there, Iudia was no longer the mere territory of the East India Company, but was now an appanage of the British Crown, and elonged to the English people at large. Of late Thr Timcs newspaper had admitted into its colunins statements of opl. mon from almost alli manner of meu in reference to the causes of the revolt in India ; but he believed that those who conducted that journal, like everybody else, had been unable to arrive at any satisfactory conclusion on the subject. He believed, too, that bo'h the Board of Control and the East India Company knew as little about the matter. And what was the conduct of the Governor-Gereral, Lord Canning? Did he know more about it than the Board of Control or the East India Company? Were the me&sures which he and his Council had adopted -and that wvluld be a great questlon for discussion in the next se¢Fion. of Parliament-those which the emergency demanded 1 Was he justified in holding the hands of those gallant ;nen who cormanded our arumy m India5 (Cheers.) He i:lr. Locke) would say, whether it was the army or the n ivy, there was no set of men on tho face of the earth who were more humane than they were, and it did not become any Governor-General to call on them to bold their hand. andL not to strike down those who were such treacherous and implacable enemles. He could not understand how it could he neoessar for the Government in India, who lived at home at ease in Calcutta, to usurp the power of interfering with the military authorities in the mode in which they would redress this mutiny. To say the least of it, that waS a most extraordinary course of conduct on their part. For his part, he would leave in the hands of the military commanders in India the execution of the mutineers who, had formed the Bengal army. It should be for them to make what distinctions they thought just in the punishments they might inflict; but he was sure it was not for the Government at Calcutta to seek to fetter the free action of those gallant men who at a great crisis had miaintained a glorious struggle, and who had the confidence of the whole people of England. The hon. members subsequently underwent some interrogation from electors in the room as to the course They meant to take in the ensuing session, and then, On the motion of Mr. JI0a1 - VICRmS, seconded by Mr.' M,MCU-cS SeIARPE, a resolution was carried exs reasive of the opinion of the meeting that Sir Charles %anierand Mr. Locke had faithfully fulfilled the pledges given by ther. o, their election; that the time had arrived for the adoption of the ballot, tne extension of the franchise, a the aboli- tion of church-rates, and for placing the whole g'overnient of India on a mXore satisfactory footing. The proceedings then term inated.
THE BOROUGH J?ANM OF LIVERPOOL. LIVERPOOL, FR1DAy. The following notice has been issued by the Borougb Bank:- " Notice Is hereby given, that an extraordinary general meeting of the proprietors of the Liverpool Borough Bank will be held at the bank in Water-street, Liverpool, on. Tuesday, the 10th day of November, at 12 o'clock at noon, for the pnrpose of receiving a statement of the affairs and. ooncerms of the company, and also of assenting to, or dissenting from, a resolution to be then proposcd for registerlug the oompany under the Joint-Stockl Companies Ato oT 1857, and also of taking into consideration such other measures as in the present cfrunustanoe of the bank may be deemed advisable. "'T. SELLAR, Managex. Liverpool Borough Bank, Liverpool, Oct. 29."
SALES BY AUCTION. Votes for the Ooancy of Glocesear. M inSS W.SANE r direeted by ieou- kvs o 6EL byAUOTON,at tis H ondxi.on Tueada1r vIz, :-Fire Afouwo, and uttoatse Nois. 1 to A iuoluztvd PsS land-street, in the ham3let of Wootton, in the varlak or St. Iayd Lode, aio-e to the city of Glooester. and Producing togther aretlo an Prwnum, by which numerous votes for tbe 00ometY may obe t tan h Pited particulars may be obtained in London of Moes,m Sterens &Ast Satebeli, Pollcitors, 6 Queen street, Chesapido:; at the place of sale; and of Itea,ms Winseariley, Paternoater-row. Particulars also, Glooester, at the Alibon, Bell, Itam, and other IDns; and of Mr. Xent, tax collector, Bell-lane. Lever Tooilng.- ~twoonvenienit anly Restdne, ihLad n withposesson,theother let for a short tarmn. 1IJESSIIS WISA L have received dfrect!ons ALfrom the Exctr ftelt oehProcter, Esq. to SELLby A'UCTION, at the Mr,o usa,Ioetr1,aelal n somnfortable RESIDENE nexeln ondition,ws om fgo proportion. suited to th aoccommodation of a mndrteto sa mont. pleasantly sitaate at Lower Tooting, abt seven me from London. with caplts,l stabling. pleasure and keitcen gardens, and pad dock, containing al'ogetber about 4 acres; also the adjoInIng Reel. deuce with etabling, gardeane and two paddocks, comprising altogether about 6 acres; let for a abort tem, at rents amounting to £00 Der annum. The horaee Ave held for long terms, by weparate leases at moderate rents, To be~ viewed by cards, 'which, with prjinted paictin. lasm may ho obtained of George Ifsc-aces ,e aullidtor.2,Sir-iot Strand, W.C. ; and of Meesss Wictaetelee, Pa*ternoter,r24, Sor-Iroo, tiortlars alco at the George, BeIbssn, Plough, a lpa farLower Tootlg; and a6t the place of salea. Sury-reod Buildin adcom dtInLand. ~ILIESS)sS, WJNSTA L have received instruc- tlog brntheExcutrsto SELL by AUCTION at the Mart, nex moth,a vlualeFIIEEHOLDI) ROPBR2iY. ooasisting of aout22 cre ofbuUding and acoommodatloyn land pleasantly citateat owe Toting, about seven miles from Londco, In "the coury o Surey haing a frontage to the high road, and adapted to he retio o getlmen's vilas, There in both brick and gmrael of xcelet qally, To be viewed. PrInted particulars may be obtaned21 ays revousto the dayof kale (of which due naotice wIl be gceulof GorgeBraE,sq., solloltor,24,Surrey.alreet, Strand.W.O.; at th Daot ofgale ; and of Messrs. Wiostanley, Paternoster-row EO.. particulars may, also be had at the George, hm; og, Claphans ; and at the ~ltre, Lower TootIng. BaamPluh Freeholds.-Leather.lane, Holboorn, prooncing £42 per annum, present- ing, an excellent Inveslment. Mj1ESSRS. GADSD)EN, WINTERFLOOD, and ,Y.ELLIS hare received instructIons fro-m the Executors of the lace John Goldham. Esq., to LELL by AUOTI ON, at the Mart, on Friday, Nov. A0 at 12, a PIEHEIOLD MESSUAGE, beLing No. 10 Lether-lane. In the occupation of Mr. J. Reed, tailor, a vey old tenant, at £35 per annum ; alto a subsateutal brick-built warehouse, of three floors at the rear of the foregoing, and let to lmesra. Hoedge and Rrberts, responsible tenants at the very low rent of £3. per annum. May he viewed by permission of the tenants. P'articulars may be obinir-ed at the Mlart; and at Miers, Gladsden, Winterlood, and Ellln'a offices, 18, Old Broad-sireet. Ciotsde-rley-square, Ielington.--Ietecbied Residence, with Garden, Stnbling, do. MESSRS. GAD)SDEN, WINTERFLOOD, and Mv E.LLIS have received iinatructioiss to SELL by AUCTION at the Auctl'sn Mart, on Friday,Nov. 20, at 32, a capital detached RjfSIDENCE, beinng No. 34, Cloudesley-equare, Ilineton. It cempriace every aocommociationx for a smnall family. It is let to Mrs. Read, a highly respectable yearly tenant, at the moderate rent of £48 per annum, Hield for an unexpired tern of - years, at a ground rout. May be viewed by rei,nisslon. Parinlears may he obtained of IV. a H.nley, Esq., solciItor, 34, Wlloon.etreet, FImisbury ' at the Martt; and at Meeare. Gadtiles.Wlnateflood, and Bllies' offices, t'8, Old Broad-airedt. IsllgtOn-Vanabl Lesehod GoundRens, producing together £112 IOe. per annum. M~rESSRS. GADSDEN, WINTERFLOOD, and £T~ELLIS have sec'lvtd instructlone from the Executors of the late John Goldhanm, Esq., to ffirSLL by AUCTION at the Mart, ,n Friday. -Nov. 20, at Ii, in severmel loss, long LEASEidOLED GROUND RYNTS, aisinin out of six well-built lHems e, it Albion-rrove; al,o foi,r Hou-ses. In Johna-stret west, near the precedlug, let for the wholo term at small grounid reute, amonntirg to £A0 tie-r annum, and, held for 93 years. from Mlchaelmag. 1851, at £a Os. Dec annum; likewise, rin one let, sieveral Messuages, being Nee. 1 a to 14 nclusIve, Alma-terrace, Thoruhill-road ; also a lIece of Land, with two Mlerisuaes thereon. The whole let for S3l y-ears atess 21 days) from Lady-da= 1854. at £52 lOs. per annum, and held for 50* years, irom Mlchnetmas, 1838 at £20 per annum. Particulars tray be obtained at the Mart; and at Messrs Gadsoden. Winterllood and Ellis' oftlces IS, Oid Broad-street,. Capital Leasehold Residences for Investmentler occupatIon), also a sniall Houme and Shot' in the preferable part of Islington. MYi ESSRS, GADS]5EN, WINTERFLOOD, and IELLIS have received Instructions from the Executors of the tate, J,.b'n Goidham, Esq., to SELL by AUCTION, at the Madrt, on Friday No'vemnber 20, at 12, in Three Lots :-Lotl1. An excellent detached FA.MILY RESIDENCE, known as Albion Cottage, Park-rosAd Isllngton containing three reception rooms, six bed roomns, ample doneistic otlcc, stabling, chaise-house, do., let to -- Robertson, BEsq, at £10o pe at num, and held for about S2 yearn unexpired, at a ground rent. Lot 2. A Leasehold Residence, being No. 17. Coudesley-equnlre, held for at £~~~~~~~~~~8 per annum, and let toM.Wisnat£2peanu. ayb kasntiZh-toWu.-Capit&l l-nveetmeut.-TWOsbtatllbutad wunvenient Honss web rom he amde Sttion Lere aout80 Years at a low ground Ilolloway, a, few minuteswai frmth ol-a.15 weekl HO-Uses -A &Ai-rate lettgPrprysuabeo sall calaDilts.T 1'jrR LUCKI OilSLLb UTION, at the jLYJ Mfart. on Friday, Nvme ,a 2 o.67 ,adNe 3t 18. Brand-street, Holloways n o.1t ,Brn.or,ajiig all let. Prodneing agrsretlf£108.pean ,Lom8 year;. at Ia ground rotYaenviwd atclaso ess Tucker, Greville, and Tuckr solses 8 t iihnsIse; and of the e'sctlsnc. .10, Bucklersuy hesd,EG lxLaosey.*-Deslrable Leseold AbsoltieStle held from Freeholder_, tha stle.Paricuarfo fr As uta Sale. MR. LUCKIN wil SLLbAUTO,tth iV.I- Mart, NovenFrdyNvme6,a11FIEsbtnlybt HOCSES NILLA St w0&Aeera,Rcmnd-road , ake,I mecopeerpir. pod.lg£5pe annm fomig sc prtt 8ndcmpc esae eae0 ers,at 3Sl ec os.£ con.rmi on motag tcprcet ufrthearfves ees lyh ewd Prtclratthe Mart ; and of the euoleneer, 18,oBkckIcesbu Knt'. aC . -Io od6 f ta tl-Pr sual lIil o ndtEfmentso, )snain MR. LU.I wil ELL by AUCTION, a h MonMat.e November 5, aGlo o1,STOrbudngs VIla otrand,GRADthe0 VLLAd eSt. Taues'day,sNoe. 3addison-roadinort, byottiding-hot thn capItlrepair. Leasieabu HOU yEas atD £10ITUEahgon rout.e Annudalprireantad£ mayin be vilewe, Pu artioueas hdonthe promises;at the.Mart nd2,ofr theaustroeer, 10.BOckesur,B C Ol etrod-lueh,dFriture, 61 P anfze nRoe ofort, a nd Walnut,OI R.H. Pro DNwil SELL by AUCTION, mis -e reaes, o.8,GLosusater.bidans, vOld Ken-road, nearhki the ardth Nuelso do Cetuesdy,Nv 3,I DAtY1 precIely3,by8directino thecPpisetor, thre goernun HTHOUSLD FURNITURE o canbergt cappenae skienrqsts, and nmru effects. May 'e viewed teaypF n onn fse tedyroanmonnofel.and cataloguer had on the prmimadatheuconem' fises,3 S.mmrci., pand2,M OldRga entrASE,ad2,Mo t-treet, E.G. Funtr,O iNfo. 21 Oln Bomdstwod, nd fet ER. THMSOFOX will SELL by AUCTION, searth Nuhe a Ceom etery, TOld Bo dAsret on her31y, 1857be 1, a atec 12, theRAYo 100 oa moerfHJBIOLOKS, NtUewrks of a eigotroom% edrouse,oilpaintings,engravings, 0t rPinrori Eetin roewoand raceiD, adefa May be viewed the day priorot and moraing of sale, aa anduecataoushdn the promises,do Mr. atom the, auotioneer'sn bomfee agmercisiplacf,,h(psd Kewihnt od .Ean2 , co ae-tet3$ No. 4, 'Upper No.t 2u,trOld Bondg-stHreet. 1 iona. THomA FOX wxeu lls SoELL by AUCTION,onteP. miseattesooe 1.OdBudere, on Thuresday, Novembe ,a 1 o 2Drcil,te r 12 aTU12, acmBrARg fofu0r. vts ofd BOOKh bdthedrs, ofeByrng,au lne, Shakespeare Stwerns, Haumst,d n Smtllngt, rinkerto n,d,wpleu dr J&cromsileo 6c0aomceasyo plateo platbed, ard tices, alables chefuners,oramens,,, gaig,aVarlogub Lnon ly mls,6crosvecpie, pronoforengrhlavingsalterFrit,ch .en ustaes, and efarding, May be viewed the day preiors and morning of sale. Calola-3 l onusa the Proomises, and o lair theutomaers ox, uctnee41 aer-andhous aoGent. lammhotlegeperwithin, ehns n tes-eun hedF Smtu,orga of FrlgncWine.6otv Pianoforte , gal.ePate M EtoSSfRomth GRExecutorS,ONwl SELL by AUC-IN ntePo TION es, raays on Wednesday, November 4, at 1fr1 reiey h 12fUrNIwthuRE compris 3ing oforpot-and FOREINWNhbetEaS, beding, anter drautinfuoo sulrioe of ch9rs eazey dtof ch ouches2, le and othyeartabe, chefenim, mameta,engavins, ' erreoraby. Li8rewe,plays H tunoes,maogaydiningt room u rnituBlzere,ofcadr,-Dstldedourg Ldinin Stc bo ordEeig sines,Asoue e ljESSIRS. GREENS and BEOL will SELL by AC M AUCTION, at Garawayp'g. on Wednsday, November 24, as 12, for LEAgnE, ando2 caseut f peatbrand, lytng Inov vleautinth cItyLAnd In thead rrabsoute posessionofthgeiauc1ioneers,Greenh end SAon particularly calte lattentout o gren.Thsen anbousoe r toz thissale a sd d awn seoectioenbof remarkabyfne wfines,.suhsea rarelyn admrabeoredeby,plig sue wton.Raps. bon fttler immdaytehdb ouayment. Cataloges atwe Gyarra wAy's patind rSt ao the aucticuson teers, St,Idlchaelyshoa,NY. Mcals alley,Cr'shi and e I, fln 1 at clnga Wen. y4,Lo-sre,Mrl liAEPETER BROOKAD v EALwil SELL byAUTO t t AU C aION,la Tavrrna', oak4nTusaynMod, Nove ver24,at 2, the LEArSE, tomeaboT eaS,Toftheabove eilegFAn othVILL o,mInthad-n Drmisabesitbuato near LiavorstrekhIt,a aa eoer elnd frtento only £12 termannum. Tyearfrontage isw 116 ofeet. dept 78fee, walledtin, withth Gowell li of utsgaren.The thoes htrasndinn Utnsdidraing traeoom. bevenrhdrooms,1 skd weekces. Mah e whoedIn admiruable orderohodiwith ue and ft for bmeebd oathe ocpaiion. Mar theotl Tvierednb cards, aond;pa rtclr badt o the auctioneer s,ofi 282. PIccadIly , I~ensugton-Housbold .-Aurniture Pianootls. mnum ih RI . EE BROAA D w dll SELL by AUCTION,o iL atteCateTaen Mr-an,o onda,Nov emberda2, 2 fo 3, he ITERET Inthe enefcialLEA ofThose comm ndin premrse,beig 41 Lison-tree, Maye ofe,helifr, thbes,ufndexpre ter of34 ear. a th lo retalof 40 eranou,fogether wmoithmth bakr ding16 ack we'hl. My b viwed Fatleslas adg ond-le cagton-an sIstng 1 maogay fur-pal edseads har '-a lreese Godtsdard a Six, Caledonian-road, King'scro.-Monday-evening Sale. R14 R. DALE wll SLL by AUCTION,athlihs Room e, Ks11ing's-cross, on 15ondfy evening,Nov-ember 5, at p recisely, al'osst 80lIs 2o FURNITURE and EFFCT S. Su, Alban', Hierte.-By Mr. F. W.IEETPINGRA l, tthea toeGgo. inn. st. Albas, on Tuesday, liovember 3, at 6 for 6 in the ovong, In 32 lot-. VTALUABLE Freehold Buldcing Land, and about r Three Acres of Pasuire Land, cos to oih town of S 8, Albsn', situate on the Ha tfiold-ro don the New-road, lading from the Id(onro-rO to othe Htfibdr el. Land-tax redoemed. Particulars atd conditions of eale may be bad Of Mr. G. F. Arnold buIlder, SIl Albln's: at the place of sale' and Mc s. B. E.. Wdittl n ;am - at the fices of tte Britih Land dompsany (imited), 14, Moorga ate-sreo, 1Tendon, B.C. Desirsble enmal F5ehl Es 3tate near ahasi, comprislug a cubs statiMal-bult ottge Residence raith upwrds of foo r aes of land, -Ry Mc. HUdsS, nTusa.Nvme3,at 4Otclock preciely, by order of the Prorieter, who Is leain. 3 7 'B E Property is situate neai the Reading-road, T about half a mlfrmteow,adonly 10 minutes' walk froma the Wycorssbo Brac Rala tto.adkown as Boyne Cottage, omprsieg a s nb ttag with four bod roomns, vater clo.st, two sitting room , small study, kitchen, iena r, lardelr srnd relars, consersato.ry; smlla dletached cottage with two rooms on Itocronu:d floor, garden, lawn, andevuod aboundin wbnDith frit, rd Umvber, amid Ornamental 1heos, in the wvhole 4a. lr.,lald out with graT H. salts Thi rmertyoFertyes a r rare opsortuuity to persons fond o selusIon, le situate near aneoW eharob and Iu,proving neighbourhood, endd bassb cmmauffdlog view of bladehed-tblced-bcke Forfihr pfrh ar"etrsappfly to 63~b.,slth, roloS,og 4T end, Mx,fie, auctioee, zcrv i i m i I I I t : I Brixt0-ony-Tj"bI Leasehold Th etmeat,.-.1il, order ol thes MR. DEBENHAM 'iA¶"RLL, at the Mart~ "rday, Nov. 13, at 12, in ones lo TW sadoz on b 10LSDENJCES Ro.. I and! 3 atterraos, BErxtoo defdbts oltoate, fronting the IMan road6rm wbieb tbey are approached bWa carriase sweep, and screened ywelrownm tibar; a1im a Ph ot Grond n he wea, Ith atiblinjg and other bulipteei The Whole producing, from excellent tenantc, ani i 031 rntalI of fA*. and held upon' leame. direa fromn Lrd. Holand, foe 44 ye,,ag at a grcand rent of £51 Is. Particulate of W. Flux, )faq.. lolicitor. 17, Imomonjrer-lane; and at Mr. Debonhams's eoE o, 88, Oheapeide. EaZeten_ Oousstlea Terminus at shoredi cA.ry ~U R. EBENHAM will BELL, at the Mart an tnt POUp R P1EEOLDl In ]B,J good repair, Noi. 8sand 9. Tn,. ville-atrooet Chmn'ch-street, Shoreditoh, with two newly-bufi dwellln. In the rear. pweAuomg,. from respectable weekly tenant., a tottal bk. rose Of £I131 e annum, leas taxes. Patiulars at the Hartt a lteers. Tprsip,P,doe. andrltayn, sollcftors, Guildhall,7axd: Z& Mr. Debenham, gO. Cheaxadda Ranwe ll iddleseL-Genteel and plaatLudnefor OCeeyaLon. MR, DEBENHAX Bl ELL, at the Marton Dilating a kealthy, pleasant, and inDenpenve abode for asf.miyf(i moderate p)retentions. The neJighbourod is1rTsllyba.ia Rnd ealubnoeuz and the acoelato town easy, the Ranweul station an the Great Western Ellway b: rl=ftf a few itnlotea'waWr. Hef nlalease for 72 lears diet from froeholder. Plartisselwr 3f MIers,M DevonsbIre Arnd Wallinger, S, Old- Jewrry; mod of Mr. Paebenham. sue'toneeir and valuer, 80,Ciresaiede. vicinity of Prdmroso.hill five minutiee wal fro ~the aaptmrio. toad Station.-Thsree of the lots for absolut sede.tad R. DEBENHAK wil BELL at the Mart, on M7. Friday. Noembroer 13, at 12, in ifive IIb, a FAIR of attractive LIESIDENOEs, In exoellent repaivrwith neat gardens, sod one with ab erge studio and contrv atolvry1j iand 2. Titobdield YiUla, North.gat?, Regent's-park. L.et lone oso lae) at vertrooderate renta, amounting :0 £122 pee annum. Two elegant Reslde"oe' No.. 25 and 26 3eorgo's-quare; one let to an excellent tenant foe three years; of the )ther por.sslon will be gthen, Aba, for abEolute Wae, a subetanttallp. )ullt Itestil ne, No. 10, Chalcot-tenero.s Q-een's-roik Let tAo v. rearly tenant, and of the estimated value of £48 per annum The pro. ?erty Ls held for lont teerne, at lew gnifun rents. Faeticulas of tiesrsm Thompsoni. Doebetanim, and Brorwn, sollettors, Saltash.haj 3iwtbln'sa-lane : of Me.orm Baker and Parson, 1i, Coleman-stceek; ant Af Mr. Debenbarn, 80, Cheapr,de. Freeoldraduy.~, ontheBank oftheMedway, about lrnillee Thu 2..DEBN8{M I intrutedto SELL, at the &tU art.on rida, Ny. 1, at12.in treelots (unless an aerept. ableoffr fr te wole e peviusl mae by vrivate oubrtracti a valuble REEHLD ETAT~compitnlg 93,. Or. 22a. of rich trainglan, ltarconiguus o te rverHeway, to wbie there in DObe solicitors, 38, Cnon-stree; .and of Mr.Dbrhmlndaet s0, Caplde ; or will be forwarded by post on appiaIn Tankrd ublc-bum nd inevauts,Welot-lac. Lmbeth, lIrESSRS. WISB n IE have received in. M7 attructionos fromrae.WH.ora (who is relinosrlshirg thIs bellsneee,after asuccmu cuain fnal 0yar)t umtt puiblic AUCT'ION, at arwys nTe~y oebr1.a bonlcs, Previously dl*Ioe fb rvt eatl h aubeLAE ror a term or 30 sear,athlwreto£3 prranu.Tepe alelse are cheerfully sitae i rnto hehg roadlnigfo h Westmnslnter-road to Rnltopr,thrcrre fBoo-tet rhey have for many yer noeahsl rsctabeadpoial buineesa, affording the maso eieett h rsn eenr Maybe viewed by cars,wihwihpelus mybha10d, prior to the sale, of theacineshe,1,Mn-trt,Wtmter-rood, Burrey. Exetr Ars, Erl-aret dseaera o doing a trnd, of near 1I~IESSE. WSBY nd MLESare irbtmt-nted by Putday Nv. 0.at 5, nlss r~onrl Tedisp ovemed of,th utu val-y able EASEand ofDIL. fo2 tr o years, atteo ru af modperateum ant,of he bovecelbraed llUSEwhch forbwtheIsat 254 yibearseh, oveagea taSeof ear £.00apr annum,eand in th had fatrod , bRner mus at ll tmes bontne. tmayohe viwe 10o dar s pin r cuto ireees,andpatiulas btindofteaucptionbefersn ertmineter-eob. KigHnythe aighth'one eed La igoh-Street. Lmeh 1JESSRS. WISBY anidAIILES wl SELL bumiy £1 AUCTION, at Garrawayrs, on Tuesday, Nove.ber1. at 12, byore 14 r. eas)e, i onennIes ef hi,l stpevere Illes, EAnd E dorni caltemity, theLArS, fodr atermen of2 yheas atbthe geu flow-rentof 0d e annumbe., The14 pArelesatreret,BacKrkably wellhbackfroebsnter i4, BrIith-atreet, . ioc Te Truergof rint iofce ndthenheartofsawhensely popumated Ianufe acituringsit-iatbonod wbiheres hfnred of men aresi cornmtando lremploy.lgbe ude May be ved10aypriotohewsaedutthWe and pariclrstoh mSareotaianed of the auctioneers ameh,Srry .13. ACTON,atGarawa's noTurd TI Or. 0.at1.b Norder t fIr Nsl, n1ssreioeld,~sio te CTAI Ore er of Ith In helocliy,acirotio wic hqars ferumary eor omne lare nd roitalebusnes. aybe viewedutl th ae adprb relays obtaned of theductioneeus MR.,LEOE. il ELb GOUCTIO,LL byoAU, TJN.Bolin-geen-laT.ne. hulrdon Monday,r Nov1pemb aerl9,abou XW 4s, p. er EWum May l SEL viwd(.by AUCT-ion, ofnh thenu) odpolrtintu,l0 yllow, white, M art dand pNewplankIs, deallsaed bt.~ lWns4.0oofee wade pinte butoaerds.aott nyp and Pou-srebt. an2. 0 el arterino,dye Pimlico, S 0surs.W.rd oru, n ae ueTtyodr cu stu, Ma b vieweday WoneSr2at1aypreior and tbfunrsing fslewe caOET logu, and partetticlarso may berbno therh! ptcet.1-trferbrd ofears autioeyerarlyrenton-t45t.and eld-or6tjen earthe7 ost lon Stton. 7 pe brbmt edfrtesm ema s?ubhmeoyard Two semld-detachedoilii,letatReldero 12sth garndeheldforf ~= an heldfor 4 ye rsat ln t1 er a tm. T eaoepoete TaON St ateia mothe 3art, ~ r o f husdy rovmber 1. aty1 pecItely, i £(thos.erlo annuvem.esMaybe vIewted (No." Snby permCiUssion o th esesrns. anrgod'riuas. ho KingtWithe Maret, Strdand Newan theA.srnlclt, andat,h Wauciber'sook adt h a3lnereoIle,3 Pont-street, and 24, ega~-ol Bmlc.-' Nrmp o.- a1. Leawoksehl rpeteu u Invetm,ea t o Occupattoo iLi , GO. G ULD MITHwil SELL by AUC. LVI ION,at te Mat, o Thusday Noeaher 1. a 1 o ren oery a stabl yar andnuilingsadjoning letatnd u. eionidhel ofo 1aean ithoe le by ermirio or he tnantI ond aThculrsda. Nov.at12orse Hrood's. 4. Kig Wiliam sreet,Stra dinagte a rt;anoddratwth audionarsOffce, 3 .Pon-steet an 24 Beg ore-,0 Pmaho.an -'inin Fal. iON,z Sthek P goier a Farme 0 u-. November10 at 12MtESSRemaining sORIO dofthUrt L A have.IOL Fre- cep ivenInroom ios. la e lroriftheAdayiprior atdnrnix of sh ate, and ca,algue Hadron the premLes bY AMNd o aTnM.efdyddwi noxs sday,, 1 Colemaner 3 set . Bat tec dyk. OU iL FRIUE Namu8o.k 23. Stct. Thoml'-suaestockneomFrnisue nldEfeuseal,r AU Iw-tot , own theep,tremies rams, fireveron hursiay.Nov.12 aigt fs,the neat and2moDern FJgs. TOeiayle, inclder rrwood ,.draw-. rloomgtabe, lOorad Harryodtt. Bheftnle'roadsidebard plvbsokcsre,drole admscarfe,iokrlanes.Ma bresp,viemwed thdayurnior and morncutingof ab, ahnd cataloger hdo her prbemises: andatrouhsir.ondwin orFou's hsee, hudesFarmsingv Sctoc-,ho-clart ee ar. Easeatwggdm h rneesy, bpv . 1r-retSBS HAo LA and mnrdil,barnCmlomnAN ~g haveton,- ThLeivouehodfrintuructonsistrom the Amilsr andtrlxofrtherlatme,tr kitchenarpqIsitoesEL baiyuCteniON, onrewing ay&c MandWedsleedsy on ovebrn3nda 4.sae atnd1cachtay,guetheadOUati te013ofthauctineeUrs. Rearming tc, ad9,Cand EfftetsTh liest~ ockcfrese inoneu.cr hor ires, ted torseyan bhr-hr rUTOws,Jerse Tburla, six vemberd catvs 48two-toos Bth Don sheep 3,thrloeerm, 11re lm14ksh,trd29 sows,tiar,eigt fTtg ers, eynd 20 stheaovepis.Thte Impl aens c dof wUnderoo.and Iro stes of Oier,irntroler, pesser,ywinno had,aturni p,landchfaffctin; ma-da chies ofceako Me-rshr,sheepm andpi turlndb, leonat waterntroad uhs hurdles9, Cach,nmsSon-thecats,ebt. rvoet wagnd E aends.eeprat ,rEtt' crn an Anrdil,arn.impUmeKt,ANg pare iundo Th oshl untr ossso cha dy NTmber an1prlurfuntre kilbe reuiite, aIy uenb,brwin csk, reo, frmayBeviewe ilESSIRS. BASLAN and SNbUvCKLANvd arom Lmadiectdt SUNIUELLn 11 ELte by AUCTO, nThrda, Novme atthi thBJc'sBot In at 3abt, In losts, 112 Felm, 14Oash,ar id223oak thaer s IesofOersra,Ctaogue monay noebed Nv2,atih r of eal e; anwd.a the office1 ruo esses bad. n urad elt e andau- vESue SR.C S.nates et LPI ndon. and Se SPENg. wfSL Aldeemarten R eks. ne n uad £7.1 suctidto BEL by AUTION, ontFiduay,iovembe 135. at the Hinds Head In, Aldaraston, te OANNUA cUTTINGero UNDEWOO. cmprsIn abut 2 arts-89 Canonstdet twest cry, and Heading.~Cuming ;IR. J. C. STEVENS is favoured with instructiong bJ from the Executors to BSEl by AUCTION, .on the Promiser on Tbursday. November ma and two dollowing days, at 1 precisely, the CONTENTS3 of the MA sION, coapitsing in the drawng and rw e ception rooms, brillant chimney and odolbe glasses of large dinen. elens, massive tarred rooewood suite of centre table, paIse of noble side tahles, with marble tops, chaise, lounges, and raeuls, drepor-t, els . Paint chbadeliers, a plendid Aubusaon carpets, bronzet and clocks iu ormolu, richo amber satin for furniture, doxible-atlon hrp. by Ateard. seaud Pt.nofreto by Brodsdrodse i thbbe dInin roons and lbrAry Spanish maahogany extending dining tabl stwos sieboards. chairs, TariAy and Btussels cnrpet .s in the bed room aSsn otrets Iron. mabogtLay, Frnc an)d other bedsteads, very suprlor bds and bed. ding, capital wingoed wardrobes, chest of doaweri n wabhEtands. dWes. tables, l and dressinggles,ndallthe usual chamber a-S pendtclag ies;ODo ae linem n teendgas, books, i rdozen of winsDubo , fourdchoice old plrt'ures uort claren. Cbacouche. an extensiveatterie e cuisine,an requisi of the domestie eatelosiwes D ad one d csheo pd remies; Iand of Steen Ish King- R. GERGE KNIGHT will SELL, at the 10 DLMcout,on Tuesday, Nov.3.a 2 for tbe followingbotted5 WINES, v 7r :- Fie old Fort., from recently to aix eare Ila botue rle Harris's, Brono Sillva and Sons'. Mactoes's, and ciandeman's ahppin beit-clasn Sherries, shipped by eraem n. Garvey, Hamony, Gonzal absmbedrues,Budn,ad p rparkling Champagne, In ade lloiue, Houehonl Vitnerd Fiolo Pianoforte, and Efinecols taolv aron Doughtystreeat. prcn oe TpOMAS wi a SELL by AmUCTION,t a 1 sG allerys &S l4lc e tte-qluare, on MIoneA y rvell Novr ° at 6. OUSKEEOLD JNrFUrRNIUM ComUpriat* ing dwn-room outte of CUor tos tfdor tho do rn of eand drincha t ocas esCanto ohea bose obood,IODneArd,^and attecMart; or ate-lror.nihn fcs,t20.Crosy odtern Household otherntre, Pisbalo PIanf nd Eleats-r eod ofcusrtain effor two wndaow5s, feeoor chais, b sluhesiro and eayeoal, Prench anda AraObian ditto, wrool and I- te maSttcs beds and 'odnIt jaanestca berfriue ab s-OpLe wshsfu,chests of drawres dinner nd teasorviso plate wave, nti. ktc.nrqits tvow ar~d e.Alosiloe itt Ut ~e roQuia
